===== 0002601_19001005_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
,7butclb WOO° 113 Pao 6 ,Ja°le Parisi' WolVer

)0, 111111 gto' . ou''s

ingt°l" .....- tatiol, 03'10

,icss! orsey; De 1,...nu tinfr'P 'Street' t fiLagl3 ,E 3051

1111Liiiiiimmiiiiiii `----- _ , _ „:.,__:_,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
l' - ROGRAMMES P FO-13 SOIREES. R -OGRAMNIES FOR CONCERTS. l'il --OGRAMAIES roil FETES, &c.

J. WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, 1/EWBEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH KNOWING

That JOHN WALKER AND Co., Printers, Bewsey-street, Warrington, can effectually assist you in any department of your business, having unrivalled facilities, can give YOU GOOD WORK, PROMPTLY, PUNCTUALLf, and at cheap rates,

When next you have any PRINTING, BOOK-BINDING, OR LITHOGRAPHING

consult us for prices &a. Tour inquiries will be cheerfully responded tr

ESTIMATES FREE. CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

JOHN WALKER AND , CO., BEINSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING. AND BOOKBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL-THIS WEEK. FORFEITED PLEDG.IgS FOR SALE,

Good Cases of DRAWING or M THEM ?I,TYr7AL INSTRUMENT. 3s 9d, 5.4 &I. an.? 12s 6d. Capital PARROT CAGE. only 3s 36. Good Pair of Ti-iIIATRE GLASSES, price 3s. Powerful FIELD GLASSES, a hsrzain, 8s 61. 250 BOYS' OVERCOATS, from'l. 91 upwards. 1,000 MEN'S OVERCOATS from 3. upwards. AND CABMEN'S OVICECOITS. WHITE BLANKETS from Is 61 upwards. COUNTERPANES from 1. upwards. SHEETS in Variety. AT HUGHES )IiOVIERS. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS'. 116 To 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL: TELEPHONE 5,171. Forfeited. an for Sale a large Quantity of KNIVES FORKS, and-SPOONS, some in eases.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
,MIM

DO UNEEDA. WHOLBSOME DIIINK

SAFE, SIMPLE,

GOOD, CHEAP.

'WILLS' HYGEI A SALT

A MILD APERIENT. BETTER THAN BUMS FOR STIMULATING THE APPIITITE,

CURES HEADACHES. RELIEVES INDIGESTION,

GIVES INIMEDIATH RELIEF,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKRS YOU PIM BUM

WHILST YOU DRINK IT.

Muoil superior to many expensive Salines sold

at more than double the price I

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (SOLE LOCAL AGENTS) LTD. BIBPJANNY SIZE SD. SHILLING SIZE SP. 35, BRIDGE-ST., AND MARKET GATE,

WARRINGTON. ALB° AT RUNCORN, WIDNES, ST. HELENS, LIVERPOOL, ETC., ETC.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19001005_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
youß AI)vTIsENI gNT in the "Examiner Pieces it before those whom you want to reach, goes direct to the Public. keeps your name before them, serves to make von better known among them, at a very small eoet.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. "EXADIT.NEII" OFFICE

===== 0002601_19001005_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, JOHN WALKEI. AND CO.,

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
kr_ .

Oburation.

Aims BERTHA. BOUCRIER, A.1.U.N1., is pre- IV.I pared to receive pupils for the Violin. Lessons at owa or pupils' residence.—Terms, &e.. on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-RolD, 502.kt0n Heath. -

DANCING.—MISS ETHEL SPINRS, RE-OPENS her DANCING and CALISTHENIC CLASSES at the Conservative Club Assembly Rooms, Saturday, October 13th, morning class at 10.39 am. ; Wednesday evening class (adults) October 10th. Masonic Hall. Bold-street. For further particulars apply 4, SILISBURY-STREET, War- rington.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA HOUSH HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PnrsciPtL—MlSS KATE B. LLOYD, Assisted by a staff of highly-qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters. (100 D-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education, kfi Finest position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms. Electric Light. Unsurpassed Health Record. Excel- lent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local references on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
jaarbturn, Etc.

DORTABLE ENGINE.—SrnaII double-cyllnder portable IiNaINII3, with boiler and Injector ; also useful One- Horse Cart. in good order,—Apply WILLIAM NORRIS, Fara- worth, Widnes.

lIATRAT OFFICT4 MANCHESTER. En.4.33LISECED IN 1835. Mew SEOEUE DAVIRtt SON have tia4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. rnent, and posaeaapracticalknowledreof the cotton, woollen, andiron rnanufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, Price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, CE., & SON, F.1.P.A.., MALL; 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

Erg "01.7aminer " *eritis. OF LANCASH/RE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE Warrington and /di '-Cheshire Examiner, pub lished every Saturday morning. THE E.zrlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternobn. rrHE St. Helens .Examiner, publisbed every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri - 1 day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday JL morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

_ One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver-

tisements in ALL the FIVE EX&IIINEE3. WANTEDS. TO BE LETS 18 WORDS 6D , ON SALES, And 34 for each succeeding 9 words

rgRPIDADVEUTISI4IIIIat One Three Six Week Weeks Weeks O. 61. ...£5. 3d. 2s. Od. O. 91. ls. 10d. .4s. Od. Is. Od. 2a. 6d. 4s. Od. la. 3d. ... 31. 4 51. Od. is. 6d. ... 3s. 8d 6s. Od.

Words 18 27 36 45 54

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. 111. iNIASS FRUITERER AND FLoßisr, COVERED MARKET, AND AOION GRANGE HURSEHIEs WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
DESSE, T FRUIT A hPRCIALITY.

Fresh Cut Flowers an t Veget.tLit s fro Garden Orders by Telegram anA Lett-r receive every care an prompt attention.

TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS :- MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTON.

PR ELI !UNARY NOTI CB.

THE WARREN GTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY PIODUCE

"Li SERTY HALL" (4N ORIGINAL MODERN rLky, IN FOUR ACTS, E E. C CARTON), AT TR..: ROYAL COURT Til EAR, W S.RRINGTON,

DURING TII4 WKIH .OO3,II.IIINCING DROWNIBER 171 E NUXT. AkTHUN. BROWNS, Hon. tiff'. and Tr ,%.9.

DR. J. CO olti, LLO OSD yr picß 0 W NES

THE C:ItIGINAL AND ONLY GENkrINE. CB E LORODYN ad!uitted by tio-.1 rrolesdion he the most woodorfa ad valua-Oe re,.nedy ever die covered.

0111.0RODYNE is the hest remedy known for c0n21.3. Consumption. Bronchitis aad Asthma. 140R9UYNE efft-ct ualiy checks and arrests those too ofteu fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fes or Oroup _

01:11A5HODYNF, acts like charm in Diarrhea% and is the only specific in Cholernanxi Dysentery. CI.ILOHODYNiC effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria. Rsipitation, and purns. OHLORODYNK i the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheunsatisin, (hint, Cancer. Toothache, Meningitis,

From Dr. B. L. BOULTON AND CO., Horneastle. We have made prqty extensive use of Chlot•odyne inottr practice lately and look upon it as an exaellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from wbatevereause. It indnoee a feeling cf comfort and quietude r obtainable by any altar remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it eaves no unpleasant after effects. _ _ _

" Earl Russell commsnicated to the College of Phystriane that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Oonsui at Manilla to the el,.ct that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service Was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, lit December. 1864.

_ cAUTION.-BILIVARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CaUTloN.—Vioe-Chnniplior 'Sr W. PAGE; WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comas BROWOR wan. au loubtedly, the inventor cf CHLORODYNIS " aila that the story of the defendant FREEMA.N. was delibentety untrue, which he regretted to• say had been sworn LO.—See limes, 13th July, 1854. • . Sold in bottles at Is. 2s. 93., and 45. 6d. None is genuine without the worls " Lilt. J COLLIS BROWNS'S. CHLORODYNE "011 the Government Stamp. Overwhelm Medics testimony aclompaaiee each bottle

===== 0002601_19001005_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19001005_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
44,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
thing, though, dear. 1 asked him to dinner. Oh, don't raise your eyebrows quite so high, love! I meant awfully well, I assure you. It struck me what a good opportunity it would be of effecting a reconciliation. For, after all, the poor fellow didn't do anything so dreadfsd And ndw that his father and your husband are both gone, I thought--" "What did you think, I wonder, dear?" "Well, I'm not quite sure now what I did think; but it was something quite kind and sensible. He asked after you so sweetly, and Seemed so anxious to hear all about you, when I said you were stopping at my house. It wazn't as if you'd had a personal quarrel in the old days, you know; and his wife's dead. And I can't deny that I had rather a weakness for him myself once, before anyone dreamt what an idiot he would be. Besides, his daughter is with him. She's seventeen, it seems, though I could hardly realise it; so he is quite the respectable family man. I fancied you ...light even hsv a. curiosity to see them both; so, .4 the spur of the moment, I said: 'Come to dinner and bring your daughter. Your sister-in- w .and her son and daughter will be with me— nobody else.' The instant I had done it I repented, and thought how more than shocking of me not to have given you the chance to choose. Will you forgive me? You can have a neadache and your dinner sent up, if you like; or I'll even wire him that you are ill, and—" "Didn't you say that you hadn't his address?" "Oh, dear, yes! No more I have. How like me What shall we do?"

"Make the best of it," replied Lady Carstairs, quietly, though her eyes were brighter than their wont. "I shall certainly not keep my room to avoid Lancelot Wade. it is he who should shrink from meeting the widow of his only brother, whom he disgraced. As for me, I have no feeling whatever in the matter. I should scarcely say he would prove a congenial dinner-table companion; but that is for you to decide, and you have decided. As, unfortunately, we have no longer husbande to watch over and protect us, we can choose for our- selves whom we shall meet; but if you will pardon me, dear, I am not sure that it will be best for Gladys to dine with us to-night." Good-natured Taady Northmuir looked distressed: "Oh, do let her, Virginia! It will be such an insult to the poor things if you ostentatiously keep your daughter out of their way—as much as to say that their very presence might contaminate her innocence. I mentioned to poor Lance that Gladys would be here as a special incentive for bringing "iis girl. I ' forget her name, though he may have told me it. And as for Ralph, it is not very likely that the fascinations of a seventeen-year-old Miss Wade, brought up anyhow on the Continent, will appeal dangerously to his fastidious taste." • "I have no fear of that ! " responded Lady Carstairs' rather haughtily. She did not wish to offend Lady Northmuir, who was Ralph's god- mother, and might leave him a good deal- of money if she chose, being rich and childless; but it was very difficult not to betray her irritation. Lady Northmuir had the grace to blush a warm, middle-aged blush, for it occurred to her that, with the best intentions in the world, she was something of a hypocrite. Had she not said impulsively to poor Lancelot Wade: "Who knows, if your daughter is a pretty girl, Carstairs may not take a fancy to her? He's celebrated for his eye for beauty.' And though they're cousins, it would be a charming little romance for her to become Lady Carstairs." Had she not said this? And now, was she not expressing almost diametrically. opposite sentiments to Virginia? But, then, there was no accounting for words, and it was so hard not to let oneself be guided by them sometimes. "Of course you've no fear, dearest," she hastened to exclaim. "And as for Gladys, she's two or three years older than this wretched child; she can take no harm. She's a will of her own, you know, too, and I wonder what she'll say if she's kept in her room like a schoolgirl on some paltry excuse, when Jack Churchill dines with us ?"

Tliis was a trump card, and Lady Northmuir knew it, though she had recklessly waited to play it till the last moment.

"Oh, is Mr. Churchill coming, too ? " Lady Carstairs said, with affected carelessness.

"Yes. I forgot to tell you that I asked him— quite informally, of course—to Meet no one but ourselves. I hadn't seen Lancelot then."

"There's no reason why I should change my plans for Gladys simply because Mr. Churchill happens to be coming," purred Lady Carstairs, with commendable fortitude, considering that the Mr. Churchill in question was "the" man of the moment, from a matrimonial point of view. "Still, dear, I don't want to be disagreeable, and, as you make a point of her appearing, I won't raise any more objections. Only pray let her sit as far as possible from—er—from her uncle and cousin (if one must call them so) at the table." _

"That's settled, then!" exclaimed Lady Northmuir, with a sigh of relief. "It's a weight off my mind, I assure you." Possibly the "weight" would have remained if she could have foreseen the events which hid them- selves below the horizon of the future!

===== 0002601_19001005_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 111.

THE DINNER IN BERKELEY-SQUARE.

Sybil and her father indulged in the (to her) unwonted luxury of a calito Berkeley-square. They were late, because Lancelot Wade had been interested in his novel, and put off dressing until the last moment; so that everybody was in the drawing-room, and the old butler was waiting to announce dinner, when they arrived. The girl had felt very brave, with a courage which had come with the new dress; but when the door of Lady Northmuir's house was opened by a tall footman in livery, and her eyes were dazzled with the lights in a square-pillared hall, her heart sank. Never in her seventeen years of life had she seen anything so grand as this, and she hardly knew how to face it. She went meekly upstairs to remove the golf-cape, which looked more hideous than it had ever looked in this stately house, where every- thing was so exquisitely in keeping. The French maid who was in readiness to help the young lady remove her wrap, had never divested one of Lady Northmuir's guests of so incongruous a garment as a golf-cape. And, though she was decorously civil in manner, Sybil Wade's sensitive instinct revealed to her the masked contempt of the servant.

The girl did not even glance in the long mirror before going downstairs. The sound of her name with her father's, announced by one of the footmen, made her start and colour as they entered the drawing-room together, for the custom was new to her and alarming, seeming to draw all eyes upon -er and the poor little ready-made muslin, which had appeared so desirable only an hour ago. Lancelot Wade was as completely at his ease as if there had been no gap of years between him and the days when he had been a welcome guest in such drawing-rooms as this; but Sybil, who had no memories of past grandeur, who had spent nearly all her chequered existence in shabby lodgings or third-rate pensions abroad, was stricken with the misery of acute self-consciousness for the first time in her life.

. i Ji•

With one glance, even before she had been kindly shaken hands with by her hostess, she had taken in the picture made by the beautiful room and its occupants, who appeared at first sight to be twicl their actual number.

J

Seen in contrast to Lady Northmuir's sequin& black net, Lady Carstairs's silver-embroiderek grey satin, and her daughter Gladys's wonderfu, cloudy white chiffon, poor Sybil's cheap muslin became at once a common little rag, fit only for the holiday frock of a servant. Her three-and-sixpenny slippers, her lisle thread stockings, and the gloves, which had already begun to split down the sides•of the fingers, were things fit only to be laughed at. She was dumb, unable to answer except by monosyllables the coldly courteous greetings of Lady Carstairs and Gladys Wade, who contrived, despite their civility, to let her see that she was miles removed from them; that, though the same blood ran in their veins, the daughter of Patty the little provincial music-hall singer, was not one of them, and never, never could be.

sybil was really the one too many among Lady frorthinuir's guests. As she and her father had ..en invited at the last moment to an informal di finer, hardly more than a family affair, it had been too late to ask anyone else. Lancelbt Wade took his hostess into the dining-room, and Jack Churchill—one of the richest and best-looking young men in England—had been asked especially for Gladys. Ralph—now Lord Carstairs—vms a captain in the Artillery, stationed at Aldershot, and had come up to London for a night because he particularly wished to talk over some business affairs with his mother. Therefore, he went in to dinner with her, that they might have the chance of a few extra words together, since lie was leaving town by the last train. No one was left for Sybil. But Lady Northmuir thought, consoling herself for the lack of symmetry at her table, the girl was too young to feel out of it for that reason; and au she seemed very shy, would probably rejoice at not being called upon for constant conversation.

111-.

*

===== 0002601_19001005_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

,7 2

===== 0002601_19001005_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

KY DEAR Nraxi a,

Is it too early to write about furs? Surely not, even though they should go hand in hand with tnuslins. Evenings are chilly, and any morning we may awake to find a touch of frost in the air. It is said that white broadtail will be the fur of the wealthy woman's hour; it is as pure as a snow- flake, and almost as perishable. Chinchilla, also a very delicate pelt, has been sought far and wide by the furriers, and I have seen a cloth coat trimmed with a generously large collar of that fur and deep turn-over cuffs. The coat was drawn with a little fulness over the figure to the left side, where it was fastened with a large silver-gilt button, a series of smaller ones in graduating sizes decora- ting the front of the skirt.

Many of the most fashionable milliners are creating large hats, a cross between a hat and a bonnet, which, with their bent brims, nodding plumes, and lace or silk embroidered draperies overshadowing the face and hair, sometimes accom- panied by strings, resemble the large poke bonnets which our grandmothers wore, happy in the feeling that they had on their heads an article that was indeed a bonnet for all the world to wonder at. .1 am convinced that black velvet hats trimmed with ostrich feathers will be very much worn-this winter, a long buckle (of cut steel, perhaps) in .some cases curving right across the front, while -the feathers curl forward from the back. Or, again, a very picturesque shape is very slightly uplifted at the left side to show a long ostrich leather resting on the hair, another curving round the crown in the opposite direction. Flat shapes predominate, and the trimming is arranged to accentuate this effect.

__Leeks and plaids are extremely fashionable in all kinds of woollen materials, and, in theless con- spicuous patterns, are eminently suitable for children's dresses. A very nice little frock for a girl between seven and 12 years old, for instance, is of checked tweed in shades of green with lines of deep crimson running through the plaiding. The skirt is plain save for three or four small tucks, and the full bodice has a large square collar forming short revers in front, of deep green glace silk edged with a narrow ecru lace applique, laid on the silk. The vest is of ecru lace, but is removable and can be replaced by a taked one of crimson Snrah matching the red line in the material. The belt is of folded green glace, and he sleeves are finished at the wrist with small the cuffs corresponding with the collar.

There is no doubt that walking skirts, quite short, will be worn this winter by those who make it a practice to take a constitutional every day. Even fashionable skirts are rather shorter than they were a couple of month 4 ago, but there will be a considerable distinction between ordinary house or driving length and that of costumes intended for wilking in in all weathers. This is as it should be for those who can afford separate suits. But for the many girls and women who have to put on in the morning the dress they-have to wear all day there can be no question that the skirt should be rather short.

The blouse-and-skirt combination has, of course, been immensely popular of late years for indoor wear, but it is becoming less fashionable, and for elder ladies, at any rate, a complete dress of some soft-failing material is certainly preferable. A very pretty house-gown can be made of pale chest- nut brown cashmere. The slightly-trained skirt has two box- 'eats at either side of the front breadth ; the ice lining is close-fitting, and on it is mounted the deep yoke of ecru lace laid over orange-red glace silk, the cashmere bodice itself being pouched in front and finished round the yoke with a ruche of brown satin ribbon. The sleeves are slightly bell-shaped with ruchings of ribbon at the cuffs. The style would look equs.lly pretty carried out in grey cashmere with black lace over rose colour silk for the yoke. Somewhat similar in type is a dress of plum-coloured cash- mere made with a skirt that has a row of small fancy steel buttons down each side pleat, and a full bodice fastenivg with a double row of similar buttons and turned back with double revers—one set of plum-coloured velvet and one of stitched vaslimere—from a yoke of cream lace over white satin, which is finished .at the neat with an un- lined lace band.

bod

Your loving JENNIE.

;tawny ln A few drops en tbu toothbrnah every morning Eirs rx, SOZODONT wia Sweeten the neat), - and make all the tween— Sono

Small Pill. Smell Dose. Small Price

via Sweeten the Breath all day. and make all the difference be- Absolutely cur: Sick headache, 1 twee.— Biliouiness. Torpid Liver. ladi- Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. zestion. Constipation, Lizzinr,, wh, Furred Tonet, se. They Touch the 3° Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Liver. Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth. Ahab, SIMI tatOr ihr* CIIATER'S. Cewill'AP,9 in Toilet ce, wish T 4411 rimier. e4O.

GR OWE YF°O7 MMOUGAIA:S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAN, OCTOBER 5 1900

CO/W • THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "The Secret of the Pea;•ls," "The House by the Lock." "Qt w,..etheart," "The Emnstortners," "Mr Royal. 11;ghness,"

CHAPTER, I. " NOT cyr:l ;;Jr:Ls."

A. girl stood ;ooi;in,f, ci,,wr. !font a high window upon a dnii street in It was late October, and !ho a!i \Sas'it with a raw, yellow fog. A roar d r/X;,:t, mon ,!nousa fli9 booming of the 'on, came ; and the fog and the sounds seelheci 1.4, bring home to Sybil Wade a realisation of her sadness and isolation,

On the opposite side cl the street two girls of nearly her own age stopptd to say good-bye at the doorstep of a house where ens of them lived, In a window sat a middle-age,l woman, who nodded and smiled. Presently she opened the door, and one of the girls ran in, rer,Piving a kiss and a pat on the shoulder as the door closed and stint the two from Sybil's sight. "That is her mother, I suppose," thought the girl who looked down from the high window. She was always looking on at other people's home-comings and welcomings, and catching glimpses—from the outside—of their happiness. There was never anything of her own—except her father, of course ; but that was different. Sybil Wade's father was not like other girls' fathers, and Sybil Wade's life was not like other girls' lives— at least, not like what she imagined them to be. She and her father never stayed anywhere long enough for her to make friends, even if she could have cared for the sort of people with whom they Caine in contact.

Her fancy followed the girl who had gone into the house across the "way. There was a ruddy flicker of firelight on the windows, for the autumn evening was drawing in. sand the girl without a home pictured the girl who had a home, talking confidentially to her mother, telling her everything that had happened during the day, perhaps, over a cup of tea. How deliciously fragrant and fresh the tea would be, how thin the bread and butter, how crisp the cakes which the ck made especially with a view of pleasing the schoolgirl's tastes Sybil Wade was hungry, and so she thought wistfully of the tea and little cakes across the way. Her fourth-floor room did not boast the luxury of a bell; but in the passage outside there was one, only a little broken, and if she had rung it, requesting tea, the hard-worked maid would presently have come stumbling up the five flights of stairs from the basement, with a serviette-covered tray defaced by much spilt milk and hot water. But Sybil would have starved rather than make such a request, knowing, as she did know, that there would not be enough money to pay the land- lady's bill at the end of the week. She had eaten very sparingly since she and her father had come to the house in Mitchell-street, so that the "reckoning" (as she had learnt to think of it in her years of wandering through Germany and Austria) might amount to as little as possible. When Sybil's father was out, as he usually was, she said she "did not care for anything, thank you," when Mrs. Goman asked her what she would have for lunch; and that she "seldom drank tea in the afternoon."

Now, therefore, as she thought of the kind, motherly face in the opposite , house, and the welcome given the girl, and the fragrant tea and cakes of her imagination, tears rose slowly to Sybil's eyes She was hardly conscious that they were there, and did not even think of brushing them away, until a quick tap on the door made her start and hastily snatch from her pocket a much-mended handkerchief, which might have cost sixpence when it was new.

Without waiting for an answer, someone on the other side had opened the door and stepped in. "I say, Syb, I've got news for you " exclaimed a handsome, well-dressed man, who looked thirty, and would never see forty again. The girl seemed to shrink; and though she had been pale before, she was paler now. 'ls it anythine: very dreadful ? " she faltered. "Dreadful? Why, what a little grizzler you are Your mind invariably flies to the most doleful con- clusions. I wonder where you get that tendency? Certainly not from your poor mother, and not from me, for you know that I always expect the best rather than the worst."

Sybil did not answer. Perhaps if thi3 handsome, debonair man had sometimes prepared for the "worst" instead of the "best," she need not have been ready to brace herself against disaster, which seldom failed to come.

"Instead of 'something dreadful,' it's something very good," went on her father. "Look here, Syb, what have you got to wear that would do for a smart dinner this evening ? " "A smart dinner ? " The girl echoed his words as if she had scarcely been able to believe her ears, "Why, father, you are joking, of course ? " "Not a bit of it, my dear. I met an old friend to-day, Lady Northinuir, and she asked me to dine with her in Berkeley-square to-night. As an after- thought, she was kind enough to include you. Hadn't realised that I could have a grown-up daughter at first, you know. I hope you've got something decent to put on?" -

Sybil's-eyes were 'very large and distressed. "I can't possibly go, father. Indeed, I have nothing to wear—nothing that would not make you very much ashamed of me. Besides—" "Besides what ? " The handsome face was not so debonair or smiling now. The brows were drawn together, and there was a sullen look about the full red lips. The girl knew that look too well, and it brought a flame to her thin cheeks. She cast down her lashes wonderful, shadowing lashes, almost enough to make a woman's face beautiful if every other feature had been plain—and answered, with painful shyness: "I am not fit to go to such a dinner at such a house, father. I never have been. I shouldn't know what to do or what to say. I should be so miserable, and I should mortify myself and you, too."

Lancelot Wade said something under his breath that sounded like an oath.

"You are going," he remarked, aloud, "and the sooner you make up your mind to that, roy girl, the better it will be for both of us. It is now " he pulled out a common gun-metal watch—"after five o'clock, and Lady Northmuir dines at eight. If you have any alterations to make in a gown, you had better set about it at once. It seems to me I remember a white silk you had." "I haven't it now, father." Sybil did not add that it had gone, with a few other small belongings of her own, to pacify an angry landlady in Brussels a few weeks before; but she might have done so if it had not become second nature with her to spare this man's feelings when she could. "I've only the dress I have on and a cotton blouse or two," she finished; "so you see—" "I do see," grumbled Lancelot Wade. He replaced the watch in his pocket, and, forming his lips into a whistle, though they emitted no sound, he walked abruptly from the room. Something in his manner alarmed Sybil. There had been a set purpose in his eyes which she could not read. His words might have led her to believe that she had brought him to accept her view of the situation, and that he had gone away, vexed indeed, yet intending to let her remain at home without further protest. But the girl had not been motherless, travelling about the Continent with her father for ten years (since she had been a child of seven), without knowing his every mood and change of countenance. Now, she could not see how he meant to bring it about, but she was uncomfortably sure that his intention was as fixed as before. If she had dared, she would have run out into the street, to wander aimlessly about until it should be far too late to"go to the dreaded dinner; but Sybil was afraid of her father who, despite the debonair manner that won him friends, could be cruel if he were thwarted.

"No, I wouldn't dare do it," she told herself hopelessly. "There would only be something worse to bear in 'the end. And perhaps, after all, he may have given up my going." Her father's room was on the floor below, larger and more comfortable than hers. She wondered if ho had gone there; and if she had not feared to remind him of her existence at this crisis, she would have stolen down to put out his evening things—always in good repair, no matter what was the state of her wardrobe. The walls and floors were thin at this house in Mitchell-street, and sometimes Sybil could hear her father whistling or singing in his room; but there was no sound now. Fifteen minutes passed, half-an-hour ; all was silent still. But just as a church clock not far away tolled out six strokes, there were quick steps on the stairs, and the door opened without a pre- monitory knock.

•*.tiere you are. _Now make yourself as pretty as possible," ejaculated her father, dinging a large box tied up in brown paper down on the inkstained cover of the table by the windoW.

Sybil sprang op whit a lone cry of dismay. "Oh, father, you haven't buitg/it anything?" Ile laughed, though not quite good-naturedly. "You shall see," he said. And, instead of leaving the parcel for her to open, he cut the strings and tore off the wrappings himself. Lifting the cover of the tar:, and pushing aside a layer of tissue-paper, he ditpiayed a ready-made gown of white muslin, a pair of tiny white satin shoes of cheap quality, a small roll, which might mean clocked lisle-thread stockings, and an envelope, evidently containing gloves. "The best I could do at zcis end of Oxford- street," Lancelot 'Wads announced. "And I said I would bring everything home myself, as I was in a hurry. Hope they'li lit,. Why don't you thank me for taking such a lot of trouble, and making errand-boy of myself. Syb, instead of staring at m:3 as if I'd committed an nnpardonable sin ?" "I —I'M sure von meant to he kind," stammered the girl ; "but the money ? Yoit promised you would save all you could to give the landlady on Saturday." _ _ _

"Pooh r" exclaimed Wade. "Who cares for Saturday or the landlady ether? And what's the good of having a handle to one's name if one isn't to get a little credit now and then ? I'm sure that's about all mine has ever done for me; but it has done that—l will say so much for it. Don't you suppose this Mrs. Smith, or Jones, or whatever the female calls, herself, is only too delighted to have the Honourable Lancelot Wade and his daughter lodging in her fifth-rate old tenement, whether she gets paid at the end of the week or not? By Jove! She ought to pay me for stopping here. I wager it's brought-a lot of custom to the house if she's played her cards well. Now, put on your new frock, and let me hear no more or this nonsense about money, money. I'm sick to death of the word!" He gave Sybil no time to answer, but flung out of the room, shimming the door behind him. For a few moments she stood quite still, looking down at the fluffy mass of muslin in the box, with- out unfolding it; but at last, with a great sigh, she laid the shoos and gloves and stockings on the bed and took out the gown. It was a cheap, little, ready -made garment of muslin, over the flimsiest of silk; but it had ar air of fresh prettiness, with its frills and its long sash. Sybil would thankfully have taken it back to the shop where it had been bought, and asked for the money, which she regarded as belonging to the landlady, rather than to her father or herself; but she knew that this would be impossible. She would have to wear it. She would have to go to the dinner in Berkeley-square. Perhaps it would not be so very wrong, therefore, to admire the frock a little, since she must accept it as hers.

Only once before in her life had Sybil Wade possessed "-an evening dress." This had been the white silk with which she had lately parted, originally bought second-hand that she might be seen suitably clad by the officers who came to their lodgings in Vienna to play cards with her father. But that had been two years ago, and the dress had been let down twice and turned once before being transferred to the Brussels' landlady. Some of the card-playing young men had thought it good sport to flirt with "lance Wade's daughter," and Sybil had resented it,. and kept out of their way, refusing to appear when her father had visitors ; so that she had done very well without an evening gown. But this new muslin was beautiful in her eyes. "Perhaps," she said to herself, "I ought to have thanked father better. lie is careless of money, and forgets his promises sometimes; but I think he really has a kind heart, when things don't go too badly to let him remember it. I do hope I am not bard and ungrateful, and a 'prig,' as he calls me so often. I'd hate to be a prig 1" She lighted the one candle which was provided to afford illumination for the room, and, taking off the shabby black frock she wore (her only one, as she had informed her father), she let down her hair, shivering a little in the fireless room. Sybil's hair was very beautiful, and many a woman would have given thousands of pounds in exchange for it, could it have been magically trans- ferred from the head of this insignificant child. It fell, as she sat in a chair before the small cracked mirror on her dressing-table, like a veil of gold behind her slim, girlish waist, half-way down to the floor. Usually, when she had' brushed out the shining yellow waves, Sybil put them out of the way as quickly as possible, in a great coil at the nape of her neck; but to-night she took rather more pains tjuin customary tlilat her father might be pleased, and consider it an atonement, if she really had been ungrateful and hurt his sensitive feelings. The little feet, with their graceful, arched insteps, were worthy of fine silk stockings; but they looked very neat in lisle thread, and the slippers, which had the ticket with price (three shillings and sixpence) still attached to them. Sybil hardly knew herself in the dress. Her heart beat a little faster as she gazed half shyly at her own image reflected in the greenish glass. For she was only seventeen, and a very human girl, with all a girl's innocent longings and vanities under the sadness. and anxiety that tried to keep them down. She felt almost like other girls now. The dreaded dinner did not loom as formidably before her.

"I hope I shall know how to behave. I hope I sha'n't do anything very wrong at the table," she thought, anxiously, though not without hope that all might be well. She knew so little about the "proper way" of doing anything, for she had no mother to tell her, and Lancelot Wade had not been one to trouble himself over trifles, though it had suited his book to keep the child with him on his travels, posing as a loving father, and exciting the sympathy of kind-hearted landladies. "I hope shall behave like other English girls," she said again, as she went down to her father's room at last, to tell him that she was ready. He had been smoking and reading a French novel, for it would not be time to start yet for more than half-an-hour, and he could dress quickly when he set his mind to it.

"You'll do very well," he pronounced, after a long, critical look at the girl. "By Jove I shouldn't wonder if, in a few years, you'd blossom out into something really worth looking at. And, anyhow, you are like the women of my family; there's nothing of your mother in you." He spoke the last words almost viciously, for he had been a rash fool in his youth, and had thrown over brilliant prospects for a woman's sake. For that he had hated the woman when he had come to his senses again after marriage, and sometimes hz, had come near to hating little Sybil, too; but to-night he dwelt upon an idea which Lady Nortlimuir had carelessly put into his head, and felt something like interest in the girl. "She is pretty, and she might do it," he said to himself, as Sybil went away to put on the well- worn old golf-cape, which for years had been her one wrap. "Yes, she might do it. What a stroke of luck if she did!"

CHAPTER 11. LADY NORTIIMUIIe fil CONFESSION.

"My dear, I do hope I haven't done something dreadful 1" Lady Northmuir exclaimed. "Really, I feel so guilty! You know what a creature of impulse I am, always getting myself into scrapes that I'd give something to get out of. Positively, I'm afraid to tell you what I've been at this time. Her guest looked up from a book she had been readinc, and laughed. Lady Northmuir had brought into the dainty little chintz boudoir a crisp fresh- ness of atmosphere from out of doors. She was not a young woman, but she looked healthy and handsome after her exercise, for she had been walking, and in her prosperous middle age might well have posed as a modern goddess of October. "What is your latest sin ? " inquired Lady Carstairs, who appeared more than ever like a delicate, faded sketch in pastels beside her more brilliant friend. Lady Northmuir sat down, ane drawing off her gloves, held up a pair of plurals white hands to the blaze of a fragrant wood-fire.

"Well, to begin with, whom-do you suppose I met in Bond-street an hour ago, Virginia ? " Lady Carstairs shook her head. She professed herself not good at guessing. "Your black sheep brother-in-law, Lancelot Wade."

"Really ? " drawled the other, with a pretence of indifference, contradicted by a pink flush that mounted to the roots of the drab, once golden- brown, hair. "How curious that after-7-er—after everything, he should have cared to turn up in England again I haven't heard or thought of him these half-dozen years; but, if I had, I should have fancied him leading a hand-to-mouth existence abroad, making just enough out of his card-playing to keep him alive." "He looked very much alive to-day," returned Lady Northmuir, "and as handsome as ever." "Really ? " remarked Lady Carstairs again. No other word could so thoroughly have expressed her polite distaste for the subject. "Yes. He's been in town for a month, so he said; but he didn't say where be was living, gind I didn't ask him. I did ask him one

e JolJu Noel ILI., *P9I:9OP ollg Illtlarnta 13132 pus out uoaAtlaq qis !lugs pima eta „ Jag poßtretio Sp:Lapp-is otis 'eaSo arid s‘u!tx!2.iTA. Pu°!•lJ .zot! uOO olfl perrsoo.z puu INSET eves otis Limp% gnq sareisaup p.zori so anis ouo uo qsonE, Jag Sumnd JO lsaq quiinom puti ssolsoti en‘T, bit, and Ciladys is not so brilliantly entertaining that Jack won't have a word to throw her now and then."

So it was arranged, and Sybil, much crushed by the supercilious eye of the footman who placed her chair, subsided into her seat in large-eyed silence. Lady Northmuir was gaily talking of Vienna with the man she had been infatuated with long ago, and Mr. Churchill was answering some questions- about his shooting-box in Scotland from Gladys. The little alien was free to observe the assembled representatives of a ivorld that had Once been her father ' s.

Looking up, she met the eyes of her cousin/ Lord Carstairs, which were fixed intently upon her face. They were pale eyes, like his mother's— almost startlingly startlingly pale in contrast to his dark skin and hair, black and straight as an Indian's. When people had- got used to this strikinc, effect, they generally pronounced Captain_ Lord Carstairs a handsome man; but Sybil did not think him so. She knew nothing of physiognomy, yet it seemed to her that the wide, deeply-curved nostrils looked cruel, and that there were hard, unscrupulous lines already graven about the mouth, slightly shaded by _a small black moustache. _ . . . _

-She turned away from the light eyes that were quietly appraising her claims to attention as if they had been the " points " of a horse he might be induced to buy, and, in her haste, awkwardly knocked against the arm of her next-door neighbour, Mr. Churchill.

"Oh, I beg your pardon ! " she exclaimed, con" fusedly. He smiled reassuringly at her, and said some- thing pleasant, which gave her an odd sense of protection, though she scarcely heard the words. Jack Churchill had hardly had a chance of observing the girl before, for Gladys Wade had claimed all his attention; but now that young woman's brother was speaking to her across the table.

Jack was what is popularly called a, "self-made* man, for though he was young, still under thirty', he owed his place in the world entirely to his own luck and courage and exertions. His father had been a poor country parson, who had died, leaving him with nothing, while he was still a boy at one of the lesser public schools. Then Jack had tried all sorts of things to make a living, not c,ariq much so long as they were honest. At last he haa gone to the States, spent his few savings in buying land, "struck oil," and made a great fortune. Ile had come back home to enjoy and spend it, merely' returning to the other side from time to time as occasion arose; but he had been in England for scarcely two years, and was only vaguely acquainted with the story of Lancelot Wade. Since he had made Gladys Wade's acquaintance he had heard a little gossip about the past of her family, and knew that there had been a "black sheep," who had been banished from the fold. Ile had heard that old Lord Carstairs, the grandfather of the present wearer of the title, had had twe sons, one of whom, the elder, he had disliked, vowing that his private fortune, which was verr, large, having descended to him from the "distaff side, should all go to the younger, Lancelot, leaving the title and estates practically barren when they came to the heir. But Lancelot had fallen in love with a prettY, girl who sang and •danced in a music-hall, and, though his father had threatened disinheritance, had persisted in his infatuation, feeling sure that he would be forgiven in the end. He never had been forgiven, however; and, cut by his family, and coldly looked upon by most of his old friends, be had left England, after being accused of cheating at cards in some Obscure garrison town where be had drifted. Old Lord Carstairs had die' keeping his word, and all the money had gone wit". the title; so that his grandson was among the fortunate ones of the earth, instead of an inarer cunious young nobleman, unable to keep up n!s position, as he would have been had the old man's will been different. Whether or no the Honourable Lancelot ha a become the dishonourable by really cheating at cards Jack Churchill did not know, and did not much care. He only knew that the small, white face of the girl looking up at him stirred some hitherto untouched chord in his heart. Jack rather thought that Ifle was in love with Gladys Wade, who was considered a beauty, ana had been much in demand since her presentation a year ago: but the haughty, self-assured r.nlll woman was not of the type which roused a 03,`•:" desire to play the knight-errant, and clo perisawm''' • chivalrous in her service. "What a lily maid it is!" he said to hiraself, he smiled at Lancelot Wade's daughter. She had marvellous eyes, he thought, strengthell sad, strangely appealing. He wondered what' child's life had been to give her such a 104 that. Hardly knowing why, except that she seer° such a piteous little waif beside the exquisitely-dressed women, he was more sorrl for her than he ever remembered feeling for ear"' and was conscious of an intense wish to do or S? something to make those great, sorrowful eyes higeu up with happiness. Just as he was so thinking, striving after faT" inspiration, there mine a sudden diversion. f` footman entered with a telegram, which he resPeev. fully banded, on a silver tray, to Carstairs. ,"Sent on from your club, my lord," the nISII murmured. Carstairs glanced at Lady Northmuir for Per" mission, then tore open the envelop. For a moment his pale grey eyes were fastened ea the paper inside, an unaccustomed tide of ceiellf slowly rising over his dark face. And then Churchill saw that a quick glance fell, first 0,11 Lancelot Wade, then Lancelot's daughter. .11 was a strange glance—a glance that Jack Church'''. was at a loss to understand.

;To lis continued.)

EBIAI3LISHED 1866

O 7' 0 '0 at O ..0 O ..., ...I ci

Telegraphic Address:

Nurses:

.;:.. • ..,,,,,I, ,z-%c I% ..,' :'. -: '• - .. / . 'c'' ,c;I: . 41\ y ‘/ ' , , ,A ... ~,,,,,.,./. • . t 0 /,.% :41 A -41 ' A R' - ' t. 1:; , ~ • ',.?`..:/'H', .. i• 1111 :1' ' i I ...!. 14 \ ' \. ~_:,,,, ' '!:,,k . ,\ - -

,r,,.. -7-::3- --- , /- . ,-..,..•.. -, or- ir ,-/ .k.,:• - ,t, . ..-4ZI 1, kr...„......„- .. , • .(i '4 2,...,5.- % li' ...: . 4.• --.. '7,-:::-.-----" ,'•••• 4%' ' '•;.lA,' „zz...:::..---......,,- • Lir') 3.-..=7:;.* -....._ .. _....'__•-,.., V. ', ~. ....-_:4...-7-'. ....-,.....z-. _ --..., -----:'------.."----"- ~.........................30t..... ....... '..: '''' • -----'. , ',l ------- . .... : .2. .. '- 0 . ... .. , • ..*1".4j.:;51.,..,.. ,--t. ,- - ': . . 7'o' r''''' -- . . : .'''''''''''' .'" s' - '... 0 0 , a , .... ....... ..., , • - - • . .. ' . . • . , Ch

4 -Iv , ..,?..„,.... • -,, \ \ i re,-.... -1--- ~ \\ ili i/i, 1 , ~i I ii,u, ~ t ,D I_l fy, \\l ' mg/ i , # ,',',',1,-.,, •-• , .. -.A, .:•., -• ,-, • ~.

There Is Sea CART ITTLE IVER PILLS

Telephone HOSPITAL - TRAINER NURSES c s:.INSTiTUTION.MALE ANDfIMALE NURSES AND 0 ATTENDANTS. w MEDICAL -cb2.7 PROFESSION: HOPE .STREET. OLPERivpivES,74IR6TpNE,O:Frip".OUIviEiLL:ILCIEHsO.S

===== 0002601_19001005_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
readers of The Warrington Examiner.

Organs :and Harmoniums, 5/- per month. CRANE AND SONS, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL. CHAMBERLAIN AND

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

MR.

WAR RINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS. The Truth about the Matter.

ra:7: FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900 Pts. Sept. For Art 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford home 10 7 rzfrtl 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Stockport away 3 8 7,7,-; 29. Broughton Rangers away 5 6

ELECTORS EXPRESS YOUR OPINION.

Oct. 6 Swinton home 13 Wigan away 20 Lane. v Cumber. away 23 Altrincham 27 Runcorn away • Nov. = 3 Lana. v York 3 Widnes(.W.L.Stß.T. Cup Comp)home 13 Rochdale Hornets home 17 Barrcw away 24 St. Helens away Dec. 1 Widnes home 8 Lana v Cheshire 8 Altriucham away 15 Salford away 22 Oldham home 25 Xmas Day 26 Runeorn home 29 Rochdale Hornets away Jan. 1 6 Swinton away 12 Wigan borne 19 Millom away 26 Barrow home Feb. 2 Oldham away 95 Leigh 15 Broughton Rangers home 23 Stockport home Mar. 2 Cup Tie 9 Cup Tie 16 23 Cup Tie 30 Cup Tie Apt. 5 Good Friday 6 Itilllom 8 B M Leigh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

I.—Kynoch's. CORDITE has been from the first a political explosive It was on a motion moved by Mr. Brodrick cmsuzing Sir H Campbell-Bannernan for allowing its reserve of cordite ammunition to run low that Lord Rosebery's Government fell. Mr. Chamberlain, on that occasion, openly denounced the Liberals for not placing sufficiently large orders with Kynoch's. His question was very ex- plicit: His constituency was IN SOME MEASURE IN- TERESTED in this cordite question, as the firm of Kvnoch and Company had tbeir headquarters in a suburb of Birmine ham. Perhaps the Financial Secre- tary to the War Office would say to what extent orders for cordite had been given to Messrs Kynoch. His naive admissions went even further: He had the LEGITIMATE INTEREST in the matter which, as representing his constituents, he might be expected to have. Mr. Chamberlain's "legitimate interest "in Kynoch's, however, was even closer than he eared to state. His own brother, Mr. Arthur Chamberlain. is the chairman of the company- The latest list filed at Som,Tset House on June 30, 1900, records no less than 7,296 shares in Kynoch's as in possession of nine members of the Cham- berlain family (names Chamberlain and Nttcleford). These shares at present market prices are worth some £144,171. Mr Chamberlain, in shore, bad not only a " legitimate" but a substantial family interest in Kynoch's. The" constituents" of whose welfare he was so solicitous_ were his own nearest relatives.

M

RUNCORN FIRST TEAM. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1900. Pts, Sept. For Apt 1 Barrow home 10 5 8 Swinton away 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 29 Millom away 5 0 Oct.

6 Oldham lionie 13 Widnes 20 Yorks v Cheshire , Yorkshire 27 Warrington home Nov. 3 Stockport sway 10 Cheshire v Cumberland, Cheshire 17 Wigan home 24 &Lord away Dec.

1 Barrow' away 8 Cheshire v Lancashire .Cheshire 15 Stockport ' home 22 Wigan away 26 Warrington away 29 Leigh borne /901. Jan.

5 Rochdale Hornets away 12 Millom borne 19 Leigh away 26 Salford Feb.

2 Swinton home 9 Broughton Rangers away 16 St. Helens home 23 Oldham away Mar,"

2 Cup tie 9 Cup tie 23 Cup tie 30 Cup tie Apl. 5 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes home 8 Rochdale Hornets home 13 semi-final cur. tie 22 Final cup tie

===== 0002601_19001005_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNEWIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Pts. For Apt _ 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow home 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 29 Leigh home 2 3 Oct.

1900. fit pt._

6 Salford away 13 Runcorn home 27 Rochdale Hornets .. away Nov. 10 Broughton Rangers home 17 Oldham away 24 Stockport home Dec.

I Warrington away 15 Swint on home 22 Millom away 29 St. Helene home 1901. Jan.

5 Cldbam borne 12 Brouzhton tiangers away 19 Barrow away 26 Mlnom borne Feb.

-2 Leigh away 9 St. *I eleni away 16 rt,,chdale Hornets home 23 Salford home Mar. 16 Stockport away April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

===== 0002601_19001005_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Kynoch's under the Unionists.

To place large orders for cordite with fivrioch's waN, therefore, a cardinal part of Unionist poliay. The matter was investigated by the Parliamentary Committee which irquired into the Army contract scandals. Kynoch's was a new firm, without experience and with limited facilities for making cordite. It was, however, the Guvernment's policy to roster Kynoch's. As Colonel Pease, the storekeeper of Naval Ordnance. put it in his evidence on July 14, they were "built up by the Government." One has to remember that the disposal of Naval Contracts is in the department of Mr Austen Chamberlain, the son of his father, and the nepiiew of the chairman of Kynoch's ; at the War:Office it depends on Mr Powell Williams,who also has "co .stituents " in Birmingham, and is proud to pose as the faithful satel- lite of Mr Chamberlain. . A Favoured Firm. w__

—The facts which came beture the Select Committee may be briefly summarised : (1) Kyncch's prices were high. Thus in January of this year seven firms tendered for the supply of

rordtte-to the Navy; the prices of other firms were 25., 2 id., and 2s. 3d. per pound ; Kynoch's sug- geFted 24. 61., 2e. 9d., or 3. (2) On that occasion—it was not the only instance of a similar favour—Mr. Powell Williams allowed Mr. Arthur Chamberlain to alter his tender. This was

done privately, and none of the other firms were al: lowed the same privilege. Mr. Powell Williams then recommended that a large order be given to Synoch's at 24. 31. per pound. (3) Kynoch's merits certainly did not warrant this singular favour. They were. as Lieutenant-Colonel Hadden, Chief Inspector of Naval Stores, stated that Kynock's were "core behindhand than other firms." As to quality, the percentage of thFir cordite rejected as unfit for use was higher than that of any other competing firm—actually reaching 46 per cent. in recent contracts.

(4) Perhaps the most damning part of the whole exposure was the evidence which showed that Kynocles.contrary to all Government rules bought the gun-cotton required in the manufacture of cordite in Germany, and even arranged with Nobels to supply them with cordite paste, the raw material of the explosive. Kynoch's cordite, in short was the worst, the dearest and the most unpunctually delivered, while to a large extent they were mere middlemen.

A Fatuous Excuse. fine official excuse for the siugutar favour shown to this firm was more than usually fatuous. Kynoch's had a factory at Arklow, in Ireland—labour is cheap in Ireland. Mr. Powell Williams accordingly explained that the Irish members pressed him to favour Kynoch'e, and he weakly yielded. How fair-Ininded, bow im- partial Though these men were traitors, pro-Boers, Nationalists, and what not, this Imperialist-Unionist Ministry did not wish to damage them whh their elec- tors. That Mr. Chamberlain's nearest blood relation— or, as he would call them, his " crenstituents "—were also interested in Kynoch's of course would not have in- fluened Mr. Powell Williams. But somehow we feel certain that if Kynoch's had,bren a Dutch firm run by Mr. Kruger's brother instead of Mr. Chamberlain's, the story would have been held to prove the hopeless cor- ruption of tha Boer Govern comt. 11.--HOSKINS.

MR. CHAMBERLAIN Illakl3-.ju-iiv-a-rs:-. His brother makes our cordite. But that is not the full extent of their in- terest In supplying the fighting services. Towards :he end of the year 1897, the business of Hoskins and Son, describing themselves as "CONTRACTOR'S TO THE ADMIRALTY," was for sale. It supplies berths, m , at- tresses shot and shell racks, and " all similar fittings for H. M. Navy "—we quote from one of the firm's ordinary letter headings, dated April, 1900. This busi- ness according to the latest register at Somerset House, is almost entirely in the hands of Mr Chamberlain's IM- MEDIATE FAMILY CIRCLE. Mrs Joseph Chamberlain holds 2,500 £5 Preference Shares, two of Mr Chamber- lain's sons hold 4,600 £5 shares between them. Two of his daughters hold 201 shares. It is not edifying to find that the family of Her Majesty's most prominent Minister is so largely ieterested in contracting for her navy. But the facts are even uglier. Mr Austen Chamber- lain, the son of the Colonial Secretary, himself a Civil Lard ot the Admiralty, is the owner of 600 £5 shares in this firm of" contractors to the Admiralty." That is against every sound principle of pure administration. Alien Mr. Austen Chamberlain, being already a Civil Lord of the Admiralty, ACQUIRED these shares, he must have known that he was doing a thing likely to demoralhe his department. Nor can we altogether ab- solve Mr. Joseph Chamberlain of a share in this scandal. Presumably he knew the facts. As a senior member of the Cabinet,he ought not to have countenanced AO grave a departure from the traditions of English public life. Taken together with the Kynech affair, this Hoskins revelation throws an ugly sidelight on the morals and motives bchiod Mr Chamberlain's policy of Imperialism and expansion. "THE EMPIRE," as Mr. Chamberlain once put it," IS COMMERCE" Members of the Chamberlain Family i also appear as largo holders of shares in the Birmingham Small Arms Company, Livnitvd, and in Tubes, Limited.

Both -cf these firms are contractors to the Govern- ment.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
;ozwysitimarzczci

;€9 11

===== 0002601_19001005_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19001005_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
larnta

hed by ed her hence. a with g ago, estiona >mbled

II so. ned to looked s lines laded

were [1 they ght be ffardly

ice of e had young ss the

_ er had eaving at one I tried caring le had

Ire lather d two diked, S ver4 staff icelot, when,

A had ng at a not white soma

tion a young man'° Da2ing

aigely nt the >ok eeme" older, 11 for Lyone, or sal ; light

er an, n. speet..

ipd 03 coloor Jaci st. 03 it r.

L 01315 sgo.- ir Dir.

4;

$5. Nl°teed Lrallitoe- igt 1,010

_— geS.

ctool. rOl y ottier

.. a) O , 0 'V es O „c 2 O ..,- ...1 Q.

- , .

===== 0002601_19001005_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FewFRAL ELECTIO'

WARRINGTON. LIBERAL MEETING IN WHITECROSS WARD. Address by the Candidate, Mr. Crosfield and his Traducers St Barnabas Scathels were crowded on Tuesday even- ing when a meeting was held in support of the candida- ture of Mr A H Crosfield. Councillor Plumpton pre- sided and there were present on the platform, the candi- date, and Councillors James Evans, ;Burton. Tinniou, Peacock, Rev J Yonge, Mr W Furness, Mr T Hawthorn, and others. The CHAIRMAN observed that the lat. Government could have retained their office for neerly two years,but they tried to steal a march on the country by forcing the election upon them, and thus disfranchising some 400,000 more voters. ("Shame.") If it had been delayed until January next there would have been 400,000 voters, The only object for which this was done was because Mr Chamberlain was afraid to face the whole of the voters, yet only last week in Birmingham he stated that he was an advocate for every man having a vote. He did not know what con- fidence they could have 'inn a man of that sort now. He was afraid to face the consequences of his own work and that was the reason the General Election was taking place at the Present time. Mr. Crosfield said he Was quite as much an Imperialist in every way as Mr. Chamberlain—he oyed his Queen and country,and he would do everything he cauld for his country and fellow men. 0 (Hear, hear.) If they returned Mr. Crosfield they would return a man who would look after the interests and trade of the country. (Hear, hear.) If they returned Mr. Pierpoint they would return a man who was looking after th landlords and the Church. (Hear, hear.) They ought in their own interests, to send a man to Parliament who would look after the trade and industry of Warrineten, and not sand a man to look after the Cheshire squires and landlords. (Hear, hear.) Referring to the question of the taxation of ground rents he said that although the landlords were reaping the advantages which our in- dustrial system gave them in the form of increased rents they were not paying a single penny towards the rates of the town. (Shame.) If they paid taxes on the land the rates of the town could be reduced. :Speaking of the House of Lords he said it must be revised or done away With. (Cheers.) Mr. ARTHUR CROSFIELD, who had a flittering recep- tion, said : I am very sorry only got to bear a part o our Chairman's remarks, because ho was telling us some very important truths. He touched on two subjects that go home to every man who is a thoughtful Liberal and has the good of the community at heart. He touched upon the reform of the House of Lords. (Hear, bear.) gt will have to come gentlemen—(cheers)—in the interests of the country and that is one of the things I shall be most heartily glad to support. (Cheers.) Your chairman has also referred to the taxation of groun rents. That is only a matter of common justice. (Cheers.) I am not a hare-brained revolutionary but that is one of the reforms just as is that of bettermen which will have to be dealt with. It is a reform whic Will benefit every person in the whole country. (Cheers.) I am here te represent the old cause of Liberalism. (Hear, hear.) It is the cause which nearly a century ago my grandfather, Mr. Joseph Cros- field was fighting for—(cheere)—amid it certainly is the cause which for nearly 60 years my dear father has fought for. (Cheers.) The only single thing that depresses me in this contest is the thought that he is lying so unwell at home. That is the only thing that makes me sad. As for what my Tory friends tell me about the odds against me,l don't care one brass farthing for it. (Cheers.) I am sorry my father is not well enough to come on the platform and back us up, but I can assure you that his heart and soul are still with the Liberal cause, which without any clap-trap and party bunkum, makes for the good of the people. (Cheers.) The only other thing I am sorry about is the extraordinary tales my opponents are industri- ously circulatine about myself. I understano them to be that I have been an enemy to working- men from the point of view of labour. All can say is that from my youth up I have boon brought into contact with workingmen. I went to business at 17 and there mixed up with a large number of artizana and there are no people I have a greater respect for and no pecple from whom I have receivni greater kindness and tree in more thorough sympathy with than they. (Cheers ) As far as I am concerned as an employer of labour it is years since I took any charge of labour questions at the works. At one time I used to go round the soap pans and put my linen jacket on and whilst I don't say that I did not look after the interests of the employer of labour yet I can say With truth that I honestly tried to see the other side too. (Hear, hear). I have a thorough respect and thorough sympathyiwith Our Lancashire workingmen and so long as I have any- thing to do with public life I will do all I canito further the interests of workingmen and their pleasures also. (Cheers). I do believe and I have been trained in this achool—it is not a thing I have caught on for the elec- tion—that the greatest pride oflany country is not a few swell mansions but the number of healthy happy homes you get throughout the country. (Cheers.) Of course I am at one disadvantage in this election. That is time. I was unfortunately told whilst in America, by my friends here that if I started my campaign on the Ist October I should he in time. I suppose they thought the Government would be too straight-laced to spring this election too soon. You know it is a bit thick— laughter)—to deliberately disfranchiae 600,000 men in his country- (Hear, hear) I did not think they would have done it. I don't believe Lord Salisbury would have done so, but our pertinacious friend " Joseph" gets a good deal of his own way. (Laughter.) I don't think he is troubled with any great refinement of ecru- pe in these matters—(laughter)—and at all events he has done it and disfranchised 600.000 men. I think it Is a great shame. It is contrary, I think, to our consti- tution that it should be done without anyfneed of it. It is mere bunkum to pretend that there is any difference of principle as to the settlement of the;Seuth African question, which was the only plea for the election at this time. It him been sprung upon the country and the consequence is that our time has been cut very short and when to my amazement I hear of Conservative can- vassers representing Ins as a man who is an enemy to labour it leaves me very little time to nail that false coin to the counter. I can tell you that I am considered by my employers as always having erred; the other way. (Hear, hear.) That is the opinion of my friends. I could give you dozens of instances where they say I have let my sympathies with labour overrun my sense of regard for the difficulties of competition. ye no hesitation in saying that the statements which have been made that my actions have been inimical and un- friendly to those who have to do the hardest workjin this world is absolutely untrue. (Cheers.) I had not intended to say so much and I must beg yov pardon me having done so, but I did hear that a good deal was being said about it. Will you please tell your friends that is all bunkum ? (Cheers.) I would just like to ask you fair and square is there any single reason why the workingmen of this town should v ote against me ? (Cries of" No.") I don't honestly know one. On the other hand are there any reasons why they should vote for me and back me ? up (Cries of ' Yes.") I think there are. I don't want to boast as to being able to do too much. I never talk about bringing in the mil- lennium and doing the impossible. I believe in politics you ought to do as in business, and I will give you a good maxim and that is" Work for the best possible." One of the finest men of business I have ever met in my life, a man I have been competing with for 20 years and one of the finest men who ever trod the flags of Liver- pool,has that as his maxim. It does not do to attempt too much. It is no good trying to improve humanity off the face of the globe; you want to work for the best possible. There are a great many practical reforms that will benefit practically every man in this room, and I am here to represent them. (Hear, hear.) I haven't got much backing from the menied people and men of position, and I am sorry for it. I think it is a great pity, but, after all. I have to look the fact in the face. The issue on Thursday does not depend upon what these gentlemen are going to do or not to do, it absolutely rests in your own hands. Re- member that I am not standing here as a little Englander. Our interests at Bank Quay and our business with the whole world have driven into me the importance of keeping up the whole strength and pres- tige of our Empire. '(lear, hear.) Perhaps the train- ing I have bad from my father and my uncle George have helped on the other hand to counteract any undue tendency to what call rampant Imperialism. (Hear, hear.) I am sure you will aeree with me that rampant Imperialism is a very expensive game to say nothing else. (Hear, hear.) Although there may be a certain number of people now who would simply for the excitement of the thing favour what has been Called the operatic buffet business there are some ready for a fight for that object. Depend upon it that after a little while we shall begin to sober down because I am afraid there is in front of us a spell of not too good trade and there are some jolly big bills to be paid and all this kind of thing is going to come home. (Hear, hear.) It is the very reverse of what our Most respectable friends on the .other side led us to ex- Peet. I have read a great many politicel speeches—for I have always taken to politics like ducks to water—and I can remember the Duke of Devonshire, who is a very able man saying: We are in need of a period of rest. That was before the last Government came in I don't know whether he said retrenchment—(laughter)—but at any rate he said we wanted rest,quiet and peace all over the world; Well since the Conservative Government came into power we have had the very opposite and for my part I think we have had enough of it. (Hear hear.) The only strong point that I have heard the Tories allege why they should be supported again is the One that they have now got this South African business Oa hand and it is best to leave Mr Chamberlain to settle

it. I wil.i give him credit for firmness and courage, but I would just submit to you this consideratioa. You have got le South Africa much the samis class oi problem that you tad to deal with a great many years ago in Cenada. I have heard a great deal during my visit in America of the way in which Liberalllmeerialis- tic principles have helped to get the French and Eaglish to live harmoniously together and not simply by taking them by the throat. (Hear, hear.) We have got the upper baud in South Africa but there has got to be a little wisdom and a little judgment before you get those two great races there to settle down aril live quietly together. (Cheers.) If you ask me I am by no means certain that Mr. Clime- b?rlain is quite the type of statesman—l don't know whether he is a statesman in the true sense at all— (laughter)—to deal with this question. He is certainly a magnificent electioneerer—(laughter)—but if you want a real settlem-nt of the S nth African difficulty you want to give ihe Opposition and such men as Lord Rose. berv, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, Mr. Asquith and Sir Edward Grey a fair backing and a fair showing in the interests of the country. (Hear, hear.) Therefore I ask you not only to support me with your votes, but also to use your influence on my behalf. Lot me have a solid phalanx of support on the two grounds that we are not only the best possible party in domestic policy, but also because in foreign policy we can trust Liberal Imperialism. (Cheers). The Cetatremata proposed a resolution that Mr.Crosfield is a fit and proper person to represent the Borough in Parliament. (Cheers.) He remarked that Mr. Crosfield was deeply interested in the South Afrie,an affair, inas- much as he had a—brother fighting at the front at the present moment. (Cheers.) Their opponents told them that he had no interest in the South African war He might not have so much interest in it as Mr Chem- erlaia's family—(laughter)—but he was a man who, if sent to Parliament.would worthily represent Warrington and they needed level headed men like Mr. Crosfield to settle this question. He hoped they would do all they could to return Mr. Crosfield on the day of election. (Cheers.) Councillor PEACOCK, !ti seconding the resolution, said that es they had commenced the game let them play it well—(hear, hear)—sad show the Tories what they could do in Warrington as Liberals. Let them not only vote themselves but induc others to do the same. The resolution was put to the meeting and carried unanimously, three times three cheers being given for Mr. Crosfield, and the audience singing "For he's a jelly good fellow:" Mr CROSFIELD, in responding said it was an encour- agement to see such an exci-llent meeting. Since he landed in Eneland—when suddenly he got a telegram brought on to the steamer and was greatly surprised to find that the election was to be held so noon—he had done all he could because for about 14 or 15 hours a day he had been at it tooth and nail. He was :.fighting this battle of Liberalism to the beet of his ability. He could assure them that he was proud to carry the flag that his father and grandfather had carried before,him. (Cheers.) _ . . .

Councillor JAittss EvANs said that when they were landed in a fight they must take their corners. (near, bear The war in S exte Africa was foueht mainly on the question of the franchiie and when he came to think of two large number disfra rich 3 in this country by the present election, and that the war had cost over seventy milli one he thought their friend " Joseph could play a game when he liked. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Chamberlain was not the man to be trusted with the all-important things that con- cerned the workingman's bread and cheese. (fic ar, hear.) " When he begins to play the organ and tells me I have to pay, then I c:aitn I have a right to pick the tune." (Laughter.) At this election their opponents seemed to be altogether short of inspiration, and!short of something to say. The speaker proceeded to refer to the sneering remarks which had been made by Conservatives about democracy and werkingmen's repre- sentatives, and spoke with approval of the work of Mr. John Burns and Mr. Broadharst. Dealing with the slanderous statements regarding Mr. Crosfield and his workpeonle, he said he had made inquiries, and be had been unable to get any proof of the accusations brought against Mr. Crosfield. He found that the men who worke I at the Soapery got as much as labourers generally got anywhere else. (Hear, hear.) There were Tory firms in the town who bad not done am well for their workpeople RS Messrs. Crosfield'a had. (Hear. hear, and applause.) It would be to the interests of the town to have a repre- sentative in Parliament who was actively interested in its trade. (Hear, hear.) He (Councillor Evans) would be very sorry to hurt the feelings of Mr. Pierpoint, but it was well known that Mr. Pierpoint's interests in the town were very small. He would advise them to vote for Mr. Crosfield whose interests were identical with their own. (Cheers.) Councillor Timmer in the course of a short speech, said they bad a good meeting at Messrs. Crosfield's works that afternoon and he could say ,without fear of contradiction that the whole spirit of that meeting gave the lie direct to those gross and wilful mis-statements which had been made about Mr. Arthur Crosfield. (Hear, hear.) They had a fair opportunity of judging the real feeling of Messrs. Crosfield and Company's workpeople towards Mr. Crosfield personally. It all tended to prove that Mr—Arthur Crosfield was a great favourite with the workmen and had always been looked upon as a friend of labour and a friend of workingmen. (Hear, hear.) He only men- tioned this because he thought it was an impor- tant factor in the election- Mr. Crosfield was sound upon all Liberal principles and the Conservatives knew that the workmen were also sound politically. The only way they thought to damage Mr Crosfield in the eyes of the working-classes was to throw enough mud, thinking it would stick. Tales had been circulated in a way which made it almost impossible to contradict them. Mr Crosfield went to the works that afternoon in response to an invitation from the workmen's repre- sentatives, and it pleased him (the speaker) very much to hear Mr Cresfield state that he had taken the oppor- tunity of writing to Mr Robert Pierpoint that the direc- tors were prepared to find him facilities so that he could have the opportunity of addressing the workpeople if he wished to do so. It called forth the remark from one of the workmen that it was more than a Tory firm would do for the Radicals. (Hear, hear.) Although the Liberals might not .be ab'e to obtain a majority at the present election thoughoet the country he hoped that for the good of the country there would be a strong op- position. (Hear, hear.) If Liberal electors in Warring- ton would only put their shouldbrs to the wheel and do what in them lay, he was sure the result would be satis- factory to themselves and a credit to the good old town of Warrington. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. YoNGE, on being asked by the Chairman to come upon the platform and make a speech,said that in consequeece of the position which he happened to hold at the present time in connection with the Corpora- tion, perbaps he ought not to be very forward in politi- cal matters of a party character. Just now, however. he:had noticed on the posters issued bythe Conservative party, the names of some of his reverend brethren in the Church of England, and consequently they were known to be taking some part in the election, and h thought it would be an exceedingly unfortunate thing if no Nonconformist minister in the town put in an appearance at that meeting. He would like to say that inasmuch as the Liberals had determined to fight this election and had in- vited Mr. Crosfield to be their champion, it it behoved every member of the party to do all he could to carry it to a successful: issue. (Cheers). It was a very easy thing for them to comet° a meeting and hol up their hanJs in favour of the resolution but they must remember that electiens were not won by resolutions. They were carried by individual fidelity and individual industry, and by doing all that could be done to help their candidate to the position they wished him to occupy. This was to be a soldiers' battle and not an officers' battle. He remembered the time when they had a magnificent Liberal platform, including such men as Mr. Samuel Rigby, Mr McMinnies, Mr Peter Rylands, Mr John Rylands, Mr. Charles Broadbent, and he did not know bow many more leaders, but Providence hid removed them and at the present moment they had not got men of a similar stamp to occupy their places. But that was no reason why Liberalism should be dead in this Borough. (" N0,n0.") It was a strong reason why every workingman who felt himself a Liberal in his sympathies. should do the best he possibly could to hold up the Liberal standard and carry it to a glorious victory on Thursday. (Cheers.) The cause had his sympathy and he was glad to have had that opportunity of saying so. (Applause.) Councillor BURTON, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Chairman, said there was not a man in Warringtoa who held stronger Liberal views than himself. He very well remembered the gentlemen Mr. Yonge had referred to and he took part in some of the elections. He thought they should fight their hardest for the Liberal candidate on this occasion. He had known Mr. Crosfield from his youth up, and in a conversation that he had with him ten years ago he (the speaker), pre- dicted that Mr. Crosfield would some day be the Liberal candidate for Warrington. He was a man of whom Warrington ought to be thorou hly proud and one who was very much in sympathy with the artisans of this town. They in Warrington were largely dependent upon foreign trade, and they needed a representative in Par- liament who would look alter outlets for them. (Hear, bear.) He believed Mr. Arthur Crosfield was thoroughly suited for that kind of work. (Hear, hear.) I was our duty to keep our markets open and he believed that South Africa would prove a valuable colony to us. China had also been a great market to us. A large quantity of iron and ether materials had been S3nt to China from Warrington, and the present war had stopped the orders. If the Chinese market

===== 0002601_19001005_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
E -, * :SS

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

C•Co A

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER:

lt_T T 11 ri itk A_ 10 EN 14 111 I MLA', OCTOBER 5, 1900.

became closed to us it would be a very serious thing for our workingmen. He was thoroughly in sympathy with Lae Lioeral Imperia;i3m c,f which Mr. Crosfield had spoken, and he should ;jut) him his support and sympathy during the eiection. (Cheers). Mr THOMAS Mityrnolisr seconded the vote of thanks and referred to the many monuments they had in War- rington to the benevolence of the Crosfield family and instanced the Town Hall, the School of Art and the new schools in Thewlis=street. He proceeded to speak of the army reforms which had been carried by the Liberal party and said it was necessary that the drastic reforms which were still needed in Army Administration should be placed in the hands of the Liberal party.

The CHAIRMAN having acknowledged the eompliment, the meeting terminated.

Icolonies ? He thought they would agree with him that the bond that wss 'nos:, enduring was toe bond - csminon tympathy, common aims, csminon love of free dons and righteeusness. These things the Liberal party had ahvays fostered and would continue to foster. They had always loved to encourage freedom, righteousness and trivia and justice, and on these things only was any power likely to stand and remain firm. That was the difference between their patriotism, their imperialism, hnd the imperialism of the rifle, the bayonet and the sword. (Applause.) Mr. CROSFIELD, who was received with prolonged cheering on rising to speak, said he thanked them very cordially fur the welcome that they had given him, and they could understand how extremely encouraging it was to himself to see such a fine meeting that evening ; and encouraging particularly when one had been told So often that this was going to be for him such an uphill fight. (Applause.) But he bad a feeling of the greatest pride that be was allowed by his Liberal friends to carry the same old Liberal Colours which not only his father but his grandfather fought for in this boroueln (Cheers.) It was his good fortune and his pleasure this year to be able to devote a good deal of his time to politics, and certainly, if they did him the honour to elect him to represent the borough he would endeavour to turn to the best account the ' business experience he had had and at the same time make politics the aim of his life. (Applause) He did not come before them as a little Englander or as an extreme faddist who wanted to tax capital out oE ex- istence, but simply and solely as a Liberal Imperialist with nothing to hide, and with the conviction that the interests of the people depended upon the furtherance of Liberal prin- ciples through aut the country. (Cheers.) There was many a shot left in the locker yet. (Applause.) If they would only consider what economical reforms lika the taxation of ground rents and the question of better- I ment really meant, and legislation en the same old lines as before, he did not know why any a orkingman in the town should vote against him- (Hear, hear and cheers.) , After alluding to the a spersioos upon his atti- tude with regard to labour, he said be had I been brought up in a demoeratic school, and he had at heart the interests of the ainizans of the town I 'in regard both to their labour and their pleasure. (Ap- plause.) Anything he could do for both in the future , he would be happy to do. The stories circulated were ' cock and bull stories and they wanted to go back to the real issues. It was absolute bunkum to say he was against the country on the war. His own brother was fighting there—(cheers)—and did they suppose his syrn- pathies and those of every member of the family were not with him ? (" No" and applause.) He would juet ask every workingman to consider what Liberalism had done for the country and to give him I a good solid backing. (Applause.) The issue rested in 1 I their own hands. He would not ask a single individual ! to vote for him who thought him in the wrong. (Cheers.) He not only asked for the votes of those present but they must also drive the true issues home and give him a solid phalanx of support which on Thursday would give their Tory friends the greatest surprise they had I had for years. (Cheers.) I Mr. JEFFERY moved that " this meeting considers Mr ' A H Crosfield a fit and proper person to represent War- rington at St Stephens." He said he had listened with great pleasure to the speech made by Mr Crosfield, and be thought it was quite sufficient recommendation for them to know: that he was a Crosfield. (Hear, hear). The speaker could remember the time when the working class had not the privilege of a vote, and he remembered Joseph Crosfield—(applause)—the good old champion of Liberalism advocating the claims of the workingman to a vote. Did they find any of the Conservatives or their descendants advocating the workingman's vote? No. , The electorshnust look at both sides of toe qeestion ! before them. On the one hand they had a Liberal—a 1 1 man of Liberal principles, of Liberal training and of ' Liberal proclivities, and on the other hand a Conserva- tive who had never been anything else but a Conserva- tive. The Conservatives had never done much for the people of this country—(hear, hear,)—and what they had ' done had been like the orange which had to be squeezed before they got anything out of it. Applause) If the working-classes would go back and study the history of the past hundred years they would find who had been their friend. The Tories claimed the Factory Act hut they only nave it under pressure. (Hear, hear.) The worleine-crasses of the country voted for that Act and the Liberals supported them and yet the Tories called it a Tory measure. They might as well say the repeal of the Corn Laws was a Tory measure, because Sir Robert Peel passed it, but Jahn Bright and Richard Cobden— (applause)—worked for it. Corning to present day topics let them go further. he said, and have "one man one vote? (Loud applause.) Was it right that Joseph , Chamberlain should be able to vote for one person in one place, and then be able to take train and vote for somebody else in another place ? ("No.") In conclusion bethought the epitome Mr. Crosfield had given them would convince all that they could not do better than put their shoulders to the wheel and by one great effort see if they could not repeat " one of McMinniee' jobs." (Cheers). Mr. WILLETT, an esteemed employee of Messrs. Cros- field and Sons for over 30 years, seconded the resolu- tion. Perhaps, he said, some would say he had been compelled to come on that platform and speak for Mr. Crosfield, hut that was not the case at all. They were not there to support the firm but Mr Arthur Crosfield himself. (Applause.) His Tory friends twitted him about things which they alleged were done at the works. The outside public seemed to know more about Cros- field's than the workmen themselves knew—(hear, hear) —and he could toll them honestly that Crosfield's firm was no worse than a good many in Warrington. (Ap- plause.) They were not as bad as they were painted, and ho thought the Tories might keep such assertions to themselves. (Hear, hear.) That was one thing off his mind. (Loud applause.) Five years wee the Tories asked why they could not bring out a local man to con- test the borough, and now they had got one. (" Here is the man " pointing to Mr. Crosfield.) (Cheers.) What more did they want ? Mr. Crosfield was an Imperialist,— as true a one as ever Mr. Pierpoint was. (Applause.) He was at one with his opponent on the war question. That day they had had a meeting at the works which Mr. Crosfield had known nothing about until he was asked by the men to put his views before them, and it was understood that no man appearing at that meeting thereby gave any promise as Ito which side he was going to vote. Mr. Pierpuint was welcome to have a meeting at the same place, and speak from the same platform. (Applause.) The speakeralhad been at Crosfield's works 34 years, and he would defy any man to prove that Mr. Crosfield, during the time he was at Bank Quay, ever did a mean or unjust thing. (Applause.) He was always the readiest to put his hand in his pocket and help a deserving cause. (Applause.) He was a true sportsman who believed in enjoying him- self and in helping others to enjoy themselves at bowls, cricket, or anything else. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Crosfield had always been the one totsupport the working classes, and he would always support the reforms in their interest. (Haar, bear.) They wanted better housing for the poor, and not the dingy holes some poor folk had to live in—(applause)—and if they voted for Mr. Crosfield on Thursday they would never have cause to regret it. (Applause). Mr. B. FARRAR supported the resolution, and proff- ered Mr. Crosfield his hearty !support, and ho hoped every man in the room would do likewise. He was opposed to the action of the Government in plunging them into this contest at the present time. No minister however strong had a right to force it upon the country for any party motive, and he thought the action of the Government one of the dirtiest actions ever .done in the , name of the Tory party. (Applause.) He was sere if , they prepared themselves to do their level best the result , would be a surprise, and a terrible surprise to their opponents. Ho was proud that they were supporting a man who would be loved by everybody. (Applause.) ' The Conservatives themselves admired Mr. Crosfield and ' were sorry they would have to go against him. (Applause.) Questions on Home Rule and Old Age _ Pensions.

An Irish elector asked Mr. -Crasfleld what position he took up with regard to Irish questions and Home Rule in particular. He thouelat Ireland was being left out in the cold and the Irish vote was worth being recognised, (Hear, hear.) Mr. CROSFIELD replied that as to Ireland beine shelved there was no one less Zinclined to agree to that than he ‘eas. He asked his questioner to consider which party had made enormous sacrifices on behalf of Ireiand. (Hear, hear.) Let him consider the great sacrifices made on behalf cf Irish reforms by the Grand Old Man. (Hear. hear.) Home Rule was the last of all. It was the efforts of Mr. Gladstone and the Liberal Party which had made the lot of the Irish agriculturalists what it was to-day—better than hat of English agriculturalists. The Irish (-tight to back them to a man in this contest. (Applause.) He could give no pledge to vote kr Home Ride in the next Parliament, because it was no use their running their heads aeainst a stone wall. (Hear, ta-ar.) In polities and ether walks of life they had to work" for the best possible." It would be absurd, with opinion in the couatry as it was now, to introduce Home Rule at present, but very likely in years tn come they would find Home Rule introduced in some modified form, and it may be brought about by that very Imperialism to whiel he was pledged. The enormous amount of work entailed upon the mother country made it necessary that something in the nature of Home Rule must be accorded Ireland. He asked every Irishman in the town to remember what friends the Liberal Party had been to Ireland. (Hear, hear.)

, Mr. PEMBERTON questioned Mr. Crosfield with regard to the Ofd Age Pen,ion Scheme. The liEt Government gave a oef,e pronfse to do something in the matter, but they had absolutely failed. (Applause.) Was Mr. Crosfield prepared to support a measure which would grant old men reasonable supporti? The £25,000,000 increase of taxation 1a,4 year was sufficient to have given every man over es years of age 6i a week. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CROSFIKLD said that when the Old Age Pension Scheme was dealt wi:11 he thoughts they ought to dis- criminate between the wastrel and the sober and thrifty person. They should not be on the same footing. (Ap- plau3e.) Mr. Charles Booth's scheme was to give every- body over 65 years of ago 5s a week, which would cost

the country 17 millions a year. Hero they were ape ling 60 or 70 millions upon war, and the 17 millions L . no chance whatever. (Applause.) Personally he would like to support a measure which would be a blow to the Friendly Societies, but he certainly was not opposed to an Old Age Persion Scheme. It was one of four or five other problems that he had asked his Liberal friends not to pin him down to in detail as he could riot pretend to master the whole field at politics. He requested them to give him a chance of exchanging opinions, with some of the best brains in the country. (Applause.) Let him go and thrash these quesJous out and he would be delighted to come to Warrington and thrash them cut with the electors. (Loud applause) Finally he would say he would not be opposed to any reasonable scheme for assisting necessitous people in old age. i. (Applause). The meeting shortly afterwards dispersed, Mr. Cross field being heartily cheered as he drove away.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING IN FAIRFIELD WARD. Mr. Oros&Id on Imperialism, Old Age Pensions and Honie Rule.

On Tuesday evening another meeting in support of Mr. A. EL Crosfield's candidature Wit. 3 !Jed in Brick- street schoolroom, which was crowded to its utmost capacity by electors who had not only come to listen but to support the Liberal candidate. Councillor F. R. Roberts took the chair and wasxsupported on the plat- form by the following gentlemen :--Councillors Peacock and Wilkinson, Messrs. W. Furness, P. T. Winskell, William Jeffery, 13. Farrar, John Gandy, John Willett, and Franck Dixon.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The Chairman's Speech;

The CHAIRMAN in the course of his opening remarks said the fight in Warrington would; not be complete unless someone bearing his name took a part in it— (applause)—and one qualification that he had for pre- siding over the meeting was that he was the solitary representative of that ward in the Borough Council. Creatinuing the speaker said that Mr W J Shaw had sent Mr Crosfield a series of questions bearing on the liquor traffic and that gentleman had the effrontery to say that Mr Crosfield's answers would decide the vital ques- tion as to whether he and his brother publicans would vote for him. Did they believe anything on this earth would iaduce Mr W J Shaw and his brother publicans to vote for Mr Crosfield or any other Liberal. (Cries of "No "). Then what had they to say to such an invita- tion as that? Did they they think it was bona fide; he did not. He (the speaker) had been in that fight from the outset as Mr Crosfield's election agent, and he knew something about how it was going on. He thought perhaps they would like to 3 know what their prospects were. When they began that ght everyboay said they were making great fools of themselves. (Laughter,) Their own leaders said it wa almost quixotic proceeding and Mr. Crosfield had not the shadow of a chance. He (the speaker) was not a fighting man hut this he would say that if he had got to be licked he would not lie down to it. (Laughter and applause). There were a few who thought it a great mistake te allow Mr. Pierpoint to have a walk over. They did not, of course, know exactly what Mr. Cros field would say on the question for he was some thou- sands of miles away. But they knew Mr. Crosfield was one of those gentlemen who had resisted all the temptations of wealth and position to back up the sacred course of freedom and the prosperity of workingmeaa He had resisted these temptations and remained as true and loyal al Liberal as any man in Warrington to-day. They knew Mr. Crosfield had given them a general assurance that whatever the Executive Committee decided to do he would firmly and loyally abide by it and when he came back he said "Gentlemen you have done quite right. I don't expect to be returned member for Warrington by a majority of a thousand. It may possibly be tha I shall be defeated but I will fight if I am defeated by 1,500 votes, to show that in my opinion the Liberal party should make a protest against the gross misman agement of the nation's affairs by the present Conserva- tive Government." (Applause.) That was the spirit they wanted and although some of them were not in favour of a fight, they resolved to go on. The Conservatives were beginning to wonder what mischief they were after. They thought the Liberals were working underground. They had not had many big meetings and the Conserva- tives had got an uneasy feeling that there was something mischievous going on. To tell them the solemn truth there;was. (Laughter.) The Conservatives had been making a great show of local names on their placards, and he (the speaker) must admit that the Liberals bad been left very severely alone by the so.called leaders of the Liberal party. They had not many coming to their assistance, and one gentleman went so far as to say that he did not think the seat would ever be won by the men who were taking the lead in the present cantest. Well why did not he and other men like him come to take the Lead? (Hear, tvar and applause.) lie and others did not want to take the lead, or to push themselves forward but they were not goiug to leave the thing to nobody.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GORDON RYLANDS AND THE CONTEST.

The Issue before the Electors.

R . ROBERTS producei a letter from the late Mr. Peter lands' eldest son. Mr. Gordon Rylands. (Applause.) It put in a nutshell the Liberal cause. The letter was as folio

- "Dear Arthur Crosfield. I have been taking a great interest in your caadidature and heartily wish you success in your plucky fight at Warring- ton. It is strange if workingmen have any doubts as to the party which they should support at this election. The Conservatives got into power by making abundant promises, but during the five years they have been in office they have done very little for the workingman; on the contrary they have assisted their own friends at the working- man's expense. When they came into power they found a full exchequer, tranquility abroad and cor- dial relations between Great Britain and the other European nations. They had been in power but a very short time when foreign complications began to occur and we have had a war scare nearly every yearisince. The result of their five years' rule is that we are hated and distrusted by all our neigh- bours, and we are very heavily in debt. To crown all, after going to war to obtain the franchise tor Outlanders in South Africa, they have deliberately choben to fix the General Election at such a time that :many thousands of workingmen are disfran- chised, owing to the state of the register. Had they waited even three weeks longer this mighChave been avoided. The question for the electors to decide now is not whether the war in South Africa was necessary or not, but whether, on the record of the past five years, the present Government is fit to be trusted to manage the basiness of the nation. 1 sincerely trust that the electors of Warrington will answer" no" to that question by voting for you on Thursday. (Applause.) I am deeply grieved to hear of your fatheee illness." Mr. ROBERTS, continuing, said it was one of his great- est regrets that their old friend sold lea ler, Mr. John Crosfield, was too ill to help his son. He (the speaker) had the pleasure of seeing In on Sunday night and he knew his heart was with them and it was a bitter regret to him that he could not render his *ma) assistance. S 3 they would see that they were not absolutely left to themselves in this hour of their supposed extremity. One great objection to ttne, Liberals at the present mo- ment, was that they were little Englanders or alleged to be. Now, for the life of him, ,he had never been able to understand how a man who,it was thought, monopo- lized all the patriotism of the time, should under any circumstances bring himself to call &viand little. It seemed to him that it was a contradiction in terms. The Liberal party never had been little Englanders. It was to the Liberal party,gthat we owed all our present colonies. It was to the Tory party that we owed the loss of the present United S:ates of Arrwric%—(Applautie) and it was because of the recognition of their right to freedom and absolute self government, that they owed to the Liberal party, the present loyalty and enthusiaE- tic devotion of Canada. (Hear, hear.) He ha i come to the conclusion that the difference upon the queition be tween the earnest Liberal and the Jingo lay here. What was to be the nature of the link that bound us to our

===== 0002601_19001005_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
4%. 4 I V • 4 id.•Z' • ', • i .:74?•": „ • ; 44, • • s') 1414 r 1/•4'.• .

And Every Form of Torturing Dis- figuring Skin and Scalp Humours Cured by • f,:utlettra

Complete External and Internal Treatment. The Set, 65., consisting of CIITICURA SOAP (18.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales, CUTICURA Ointment (2s. 6d.), to instantly allay itching, and soothe and heal, and CUTICITRA REsoLvErfr (2s. 6d.), to cool and cleanse the blood. This treatment will afford instant rellef, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure when all else fails.

Fold by all Chemists, or postpaid by F. NawnmaT & SONS, London, E. C. POTTER DRITO AND CHEM. CORP., Sole Props., Lioeton, U. 8. A. "How to Cure Ikeema," post free.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Address at Bank Quay Soap

Works.

At the veriest of the representatives of Messrs. Cros- field and Sens workmen, Mr. A 11 Crosfield visited the works on Tuesday and addressed the employees. In the course of his remarks he said : I should like to say in the first instance that the very first thing I intend to do immediately I return to the Patten Arms is to send a note to my friend Mr. Pierpoint, to tell him that if he cares to come and address you he shall have every opportunity of doing so. (Cheers.) He and I are ex- ceedingly good friends, and apart from that I have always taken, well I have always, I won't say taken pride, but been particularly careful that politics shall not create the siightest bias or favour one way or the other in the case of any man in the concern, and it won't make any difference to my personal feelings to anybody connected with the con- cern—(cheers)—whether they vote for rue or against me. I dare say you know what I have come for. (Laughter.) I have come to ask you, so far as your political convictions will allow you, to give me all pos- sible support and backing in the contest I have under- taken with a considerable handicap owing to the short time at our disposa.l. May I particularly ask my lady friends here to we their inflaence in my favour also ? (Cheers.) Referring to some of the statements circulated about him he said.—lf any people are going about Warrington saying I am against the country on this war, I ask everyone of our employees who cares to see fair play— and I am sure whatever your opinions may be you do not want to see Me handicapped uufairly—(hear, hear and cheers)—to nail that bit of false coin to the counter. (Hear, hear.) Is not my own brother fighting there, and do you suppose that the sympathies of every mem- ber in our family?are not with him. (Cheers.) I have criticised the methods that were employed before the war, but, as I have said, since the first shot was fired there has been nothing for it but to fight; It has been absolutely necessary that British arms should triumph since it came to fighting, and there has been nothing for it but this annexation, and if some of you do not approve of all that went on before the war took place, let us hope that the end will justify the means, and thlt the well-being of those countries under English rule may be a happy solution of the difficulties that still lie before it. I am told that there are some amusing fictions being circulated about me through the:town in the canvass, and what I want to say is this, that as regards the control of labour here, it is a good many years since that ceased to be within my province, but formerly I was closely connected with the work and wages of a good many men in this place and looking back to that time I venture to hope and believe that if you ask the older hands who knew me in those days—those who are with us now and those who have left—l don't think you will find them bringing one single charge against me. I have always tried to look at both sides of the question, and to deal impartially and fairly, and I have been brought up from my youth in a democratic circle where I always felt a keen interest in the welfare of those who have the hardest work in the world, and have done any thing in the direction of sport I could to further their interestq and their welfare. (Applaim).

Mr. WILLETT sub ,mitted a resolution as follows : •That Mr. A. H. CrosfiPld is a fit and proper person to represent the town of Warrington in Parliament." This was seconded by Mr. RIGBY, and carried with enthusiasm.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Open-Air Meeting at Wilderspool,

Mr. A. H.CROsFIELD addressed the workmen em- ployed at Aessrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co.'s during the dinner hour on Monday. Councillor PLUMPTON introduced the candidate and said he had never seen any better machinery in any works in Warrington than he had just seen at Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co.'s works. He asked the workmen to vote for and use their influ- ence on behalf of the Liberal candidate. Mr. Cros- field would be an excellent representative of the trade and commerce of Warrington. (Applause.) Mr. CROSFIELD, who had a cordial reception,said he was greatly indebted to the directors of the con- cern for allowing him to address the workmen, and he thanked the latter for giving him an opportu- nity of saying a few words to them. He hoped they would be able to hear what he had to say, but since he landed in Eng!and—for the last 60 or 70 hours—he had been talking 16 to the dozen, and he had not, therefore, a great deal of voice left. But he hoped soon to be all right again. They knew what The had come to the works for—to ask for their vote and support. He was standing as a Liberal, and he knew that very often in the contest they had heard it said that there was no differ- ence between Liberalism and Toryism. In the , matter of the foreign policy there was much less difference than there used to be be admitted, but in the matter of domestic legislation there was considerable difference still, and if they asked him what Liberalism really consisted in now it was all based on the grand old formula of John Locke "The end of oovernment is the goodiof mankind." He did not think that any in- telligent and rsflecting artisan in Warrington, or in any other town, could need any more illustration of the op- posite form of government that th.y had in the last Administration. (Rear, hear.) He knew that the in- terests of the whole community were not found in tar- ing capital and in robbing people or playing any foolish pranks of that kind. He was no socialist or faddistibut a Liberal to the backbone. He had been broueht up on it, and be knew how it affected the welfare of tie' people at large, and also that the prosperity and great- ness of a 'country depended mainly upon the num- ber of healthy, happy hlmes that they got throughout the land. His faith in Liberal principles was as deep and as strong to-Jay as over it was. He knew per- fectly well that when be came back to Warrington they would ask why he had not come back a bit sooner. It was represented to him in America that if be started the campaign on the Ist October it would be all right, and he did not think that the Government would have played such a trick as to disfranchise 600,000 voters in the kingdom. If the Liberals had done such a thing they would have been called by every name in creation. That was not a thing that would meet with their approval. At any rate the General Election was not anticipated, and he was advie9d to come back and open his cam- paign on the let Oetober. Of course very little time was left for him to prepare for the contest. He knew perfectly well when he began' that the odds,so to speak, would be against him, but he did not mind that a bit. He stood on the chance of winning and he stood for Liberal principles, and he cared nothing for any odds if he only got a fair backing from the men for whom he was fighting. He would spend his time and do every- thing that was necessary, but he contended that he was entitled to that backing. Lord Rosebery had said it was a bad thing to have "all the haves on one side and all the have not.; on the other." They had to deal with facts. He (Mr. Crostiold) was left almost alone on his platform as regarded the men of wealth and high posi- tion in this neighbourhood. They had to deal with facts and the facts were these—that he was left. They only found a small snrinking going -rith them, but he dared say it was a little leaven that leavened the whole lot. (Laughter.) Still it was only a small sprink- ling. The Liberals had fought for a whole century the battles of tile artiztn, and he relied entirely upon the intelligent aristocracy of labour as he preferred to call it. They should join shoulder to shoulder, and not only use their influence in these works,but,he hoped,through- out the whole of the town in his favour. He knew that the other side were counting on having a j soft thing on, but if his friends amongst the working classes—and he had no enemies amongst them—would do as he had said, and work shoulder to shoulder, back him up, and go into the fight as honestly and as earnestly as be should go into it himself, without any cor founded clap- trap or nonsense, they would give the other side a very great surprise on Thursday. He had only two short things to say to them in conclusion because he might not trespass upon their time in the works. The Tories were trying to make some capital out of South Africa, and talked about loyalty to the Empire. Of all the bun- kum that ever was that was it. He had his own brother fighting there, and did any of them sup- pose that the sympathies of every member of the family were not absolutely heart and soul with him in the work in whieh he was engaged ? They were waiting for every mail which brought news from him, and far as that went he (the speaker) absolutely concurred in the only possible alternative of the war, and that was the annexation7of the country. There were placards in the town advising the electors to vote for his friemd Mr. Pierpoint, and about being loyal to the Empire, but he (Mr. Crosfield) was as loyal to the Empire as Mr. Pierpoint was. Had he been a little Eoglander he would not have been there at all. He was to the backbone a Liberal Imperialist, and he could only tell them it was the old story of throwing dust in their eyes and all clap-trap and non- sense. There was not a single issue on which the work- ! ingmen of Warritigton were not thoroughly entitled to i support him. There was nothing on which he really

differed from them, anl there were many things wbere they had had in the past, and had now, a far greater and a far more honest claim upon the voters than the other side had. Their reforms were the sugar plums thrown to them as a S)p to Cerberus. The Conservatives did not go in for what was really for the benefit of the people for the sake of it being a benefit to the people. There was too much trickery about it altogether. He thanked them very much for having given him the chance of saying a few words to them,and he was sorry if he had spoken too strongly. He was speaking to a section of the community in Warrington to whom he looked for his best support, and he hoped they would give it him. (Applause.)

Tory Promise and Perform-

ance.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
RING ,UP THE PRINTERS! TELEPHONE N. 0489• JOHN WALKER, & CO.,

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMP PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN,

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINIING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING, BOOKBINDING,

LITHOGRAPHY, &C,

PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES.

MAN DO LINES, GUITARS, BANJOS.

STRINGS, of the Finest Quality.

ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. °ballot), ___ 37. RRNSHAW-STRBET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE.

BARGATNb IT;TALL DEPARTMENTS. SEVERAL LOTS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF FURNISHING IRONMONGERY

AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.

J. Se GARLAND. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

AIR. W. H. PAYTON, NIUS. BAC., VIOL 1 (Organist and Choirmaster of W3,cliffe Church) RECHIVISS PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC etc at own or pupil's residence. Pup its prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

LADIES' LIJASTIO STOCKING DEPARTMENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTID/9. Firet-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS „ LEGGINGS „ KNEE CAPS „ ANKLIsTS .

THE CELEBRATED BLACK SCARBORO' COAT.

WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICE 25/-

CYCLE CAPES FRONI 2/11.

NO MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRACES. from 3s. lid.

THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN.

J. E. HUGHES, AND SONS. 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL. LATEZST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectua

OOPING COUGH cure without interna

medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sole W holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

ItIPI3. Fish, and Chip-Potato BUSINBSS in Southport, J. doing good and improvinß trade; first-class neighbour- hood ; cause of disposal.—Further particulari apply M. H.. 2, LESLEY-11°AD, Southport

D ETIRING from Business.—To b disposed of an old- established FAMILY GROCERY BIJSINBSS ; good country connection, stock and fixtures at valuation ; good shop, storerooms, large cellar, and living rooms, stabling and yard accommodation; Horse,Trap,light LurrY,and cart; good opening for energetic man,—Tnuaf•a BLacKnoraf,ll3,Dukes- brow. Blackburn.

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. 210 lOs ANE 1.15 15

WITH noo D tiNLOP TYRES

WARRINGTON Agents. FRODSHAM „ T. Booth, Rock Terrace. ST. HELENS „ A. H. Smith, 23, Corporation-St. EARLESTOWN „ F. Holt, Wargrave Road. WIDNES W.Houghton,St•Michael'sTer.Ditton LYMM „ H. Copeland, Cycle Depot. LIVERPOOL „ Hitchings, Limited, Duke-street. MANCHESiER DEPOT: 134, DEANSGATE.

ESTABLISHED 1886. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, q.-1 Li r 6410 IHIC LYST IHE 12 LIST." Leading Machines in Lancashire. GEORGE LLOYD AND CO , 25, PRESCOT-STERET. LIVERPOOL.. All machines built on the Premises. Celebrated B.S.A. fittings. Palmer and Dunlop tyre. jointless hollow rims,Appleby's chain s,half in and inch pitch highly enamelled and brilliantly plated. Su perlor finish and guaranteed for twelve iaioathb. _X9 10s. „

_ "FLYST S ALS, THE PECIAL £6, ia uAll kinds of Cycles repaireC at the shortest notice. o..ter covers and inner tubes (new) 17s 64., GEAR CASES NEW. FROM 3s Zd. Accessories of all kinds kept in stock. Deal direct with 113 and save 5) per cent, wholesale and retail.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
, , _ • '•:•:,."VOE_%4I.I#"(743atZSC '; : • • - • -

• -

===== 0002601_19001005_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A Lesson from the Compensation

Act.

Mr. Chamberlain's Promise (at the General Election, 1895).

" While he (Mr. Asquith) will deal with this subject incompletely, inefficiently, I propose to deal with it once for all and completely. I prorwe to say that every workman who is injured without fault of his own shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to reasonable compensa- tion, to such solace in his misfortune as pecuniary assist- ance can give, and I propose not to make that a question of Litigation, not to send him into the courts to get it, but to make it a matter of statute, about which there can be no possible uncertainty," Workman (minus a leg) : What happened to me? Scaffoldin' gave way and I fell off the top of the house. Compensation ? I didn't get a ha'porth—the lawyers said as how I didn't come within the Act, because the buildin' was only 29 feet 11 inches high. Workman (with crippled arm) : That's bad luck. I only fell a matter of 15 feet,but I got £lOO at last after the lawyers had tried it three times. How was that ? Well they found out the builgin' was just 30 feet 6 inches high, and that brought me within the Act, so they said. It's a rum Act. ain't is ? There's poor Jack Hodge bein' buried to-day. He was killed on Mr. Smith's farm and his widow don't get a farthin' ! How's that ?

Well, you see, he was only an agricultural labourer, and they don't count accordin' to the Act.

What a Tory M.P. Thought of the Compensation Act.

Tbe late Sir Arthur Forwood, a Tory Liverpool Mein. her, said in June, 1898 "From the benefits of the Act of last year the people who were the least organised, the met poorly paid, and. the least able to take care of themselves were excluded." Could there be a more scathing cormlemnation ? How the two parties voted on the proposal to include farm labourers within the Compensation Act.

Voted for the proposal to in- chide the Farm Labourer :

Votei against the . proposal :

Liberals -

Irish Party Tories only

===== 0002601_19001005_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR JAMES SUM MERSGILL. Forty Years' Record as Local Preacher.

On Sunday evening, Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel, wascrowded on the occasion of a memorial service to the late Mr. James Summerseill,nf Burtonwood-road,Sankey. who was practically the founder of Methodism in tbe vil- lage and was for upwards of 40 years,a most acceptable local preacher in Warringten and other circuits. The Rev. John Gunnell was the preacher, and during the evening very suitable hymns were sung and two special selec- tions were rendered by the choir.'4lr Gonnell took as the subject of his discourse, Rev. 21c. 4v. " And there shall be no more pain.". He remarked that the members of Sankey Bridges Chapel were under a threefold cloud. Mr. Summersgill in whose memory they had met that night was the first. In the middle of the week. Mr. Isaac Hough, a member of the choir and Sunday School had passed away, and that morning a young man who was a member of the choir and also a teacher in the Sunday School hag died. The deepest sympathy of every one present would go forth to the bereaved families. At the close of the service, Mr Gunnell gave a brief sketch of the life of Mr Sumneerseill. He said that the latter was born in Oldham in 1833 His father and grandfather were local preachers of god repute in the Methodist Church, and his early associations were thor- oughly Christian and had much to do with the function of that character which they had all learned to respect. His family left Oldham and went to reside at Middleton when he was six years of age. He attended the Sunday school there and at the are of 14 years, he was soundly converted and he early began to show a singular apti- tube for preaching. He was not however a thoroughly accredited local preacher until he came to Warrington in 1860. Several still remembered the credit with which he passed his theological and biblical examination and the good report of his trial sermon. For several years he was in the town and while diligent in business, he was fervent in spirit serving the Lord. He frequently occupied pulpits of this and neighbouring circuits and was the leader of a large society class being held in very high esteem. Mr Summersgill came to Sankey Bridges in 1875. At that time there was only a sparse popula- tion and Methodism was then only feeble. There was no chapel but services were held for many years in the house of the village poomtster,Mr Eakdale. There was a society class led by Mr.Eakdale.hut there was eo Sunday school. On Mr. Summeragill's arrival at Sankey Bridges, he set about with characteristic energy to prc- vide a new chapel and Sunday School for the wants of the growing neighbourhood. The old iron chapel was erected, and Mr. Summersgill collected himself every subscription promised fer that erection, which was opened in Sentember, 1876. At the opening services there was still a debt of £6O, and Mr. Summersgill, who was the first local preacher to occupy the pulpit, told his wife on the preceding Wednesday that he would not preach before every penny had been secured. He set to work at once, anti at the Sunday morning service he Was able to announce the joyful news to the congrega- tion that the place was free from deht, thus collecting £6O in four days. When the Sunday school Was opened there were 15 present in the morning and 25 in the after- noon. but it soon became crowded, and nine years after it had grown to 200. The memhersle:p had also grown from 8 to 60. and though in 1851 vestries were added, these failed to provide accommodation for the increas- ing congregations. Mr. Summersgill threw his whole soul into the work of providing a new chapel and be had the pleasure of laying the foundat tion stones of a new building. He also collected- a large proportion of the money required. One of the gladdest days of his life was March 2nd, 1885, when the opening aervices of the present chapel were presided by the Rev Charles Garnett who amid the greatest enthus- i,sm dedicated the place to the service of Almighty God. Some years later Mr Sernmergill retireu from business and went to live in Burtnnwood-road, when his life necame one of comparative retirement. For well-nigh 40 years, he had delighted in the business of the chapel, and he was entitled to a li'tle relaxation. There was still one more scheme and that was; the erection of new schools.Mr Summerseill gave generously to thin and took his share of the responsibility, but he Was satisfied that youngerimen should take the more prominent part of the work. If ever the history of Sankey Bridges Methodism were written the name of Mr Summersgill would have a very prominent place in it. As a preacher he was thoroughly evanvelical very peaceful in his style, and very earnest in his manner. He had his defects. Who had not ? In all of the effiees he served the chapel faith- fully and well. The end was very painful and bet for the most skilful medical treatment would have been far greater. He bore his sufferings with the greatest patience and with wonderful resignation. Again and again he assured him (Mr Gunnell) that he was on the Rock and the end came very swiftly, and he passed away from this life without a struggle.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=4=lll . ~•

===== 0002601_19001005_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
~ _..., . l' ~ ..., _ i_zi,r •.-......

.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
• ti,‘ls4r4s! .

GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

481 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_19001005_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
,Ebe Oranuntr " ,tertrs

T" WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EICastINER." published every Saturday morning.

T" " EARLBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER,', pablished every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER,' published every Friday, morning. . .. T" . WTDNzs ExAmiNt_ra," published every Friday morning. - J ' PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above chnrges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOTJSES TO BE BOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES

===== 0002601_19001005_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomrottr gptibants. etr.

ANTBD, at onee, good COOK, also strong Gene ral.— WAGGON HOTEL, Haydook, near St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTS)). Doting GENSEIL SHRVANT ; fare paid.— Mrs. WRAVER, 196, Oxford-road. Manchester.

WANTED Eup c nor GENERAL ab'e to plain cook. Wages £lB. Apply Miss Henson 19,Inam-street,Warrington.

WAIPD' A 17e, Lodge. GBUAt; follze,ir,ksertr,;NET

WANTED. respectable GULL for housework; one fond of children.--apply Mrs. lillftrox. 7, Moorly-street,

Oldham.

WANTBD HOLISBMAID-WAITBBSS. Two in family, Wages, £2); apply MIL, HUDSON. 19, Irlam-street, Warrington,

AVANTED. strong GIRL for kitchen work; live in.— Address KINBLEY.B COCOA Roo3fs, 219. Chapel-street, Salford, Manchester.

WAISITBD HOUSEMAID WAITRESS excellent situation near Warrington, wages £2O. Apply Bliss HUDSoIf 19, Irlam-street Warrington.

ANANTED SITUATION, as Working Housekeeper, a good cook, used to "dairy—baking."—Address A.C• 13 Edge-lane, Stretford, Manchester.

NIVANTHD GHNHHAL. wages £lO to £18; good refer- ence.—Apply BUSTIN'S (late Cohn's) I,Falkner-street. corner of Hope-street, Liverpool.

WANTRD. GRNERAL. 18 or 20; small family; nurse kept ; washing; wages £l5; a good home.—.l.7,lYomc AVENUE, Sefton Park, Liverpool. IVANIED, good GENERAL SERVANT, in minister's family.—Apply. Mn. BRIGDEN, Samlestury House Ramsbottom, near Manchester.

WANTBD, experienced GBNIiRAL, BBRVANT, must be able to do plain cooking and washing ; small fe.naily, Apply, 28, ARPLEY-STREET, Warrington.

MISS ADELAIDE GARDNER'S SERVANTS REGISTRY 110. Falkner•street, Liverpool, close to Grove-street. Electric Cars—Situations Vacant—write.

- WANTBD, good MINERAL. for small family ; plain cooking. little washing ; £l4 ; reference required.— If swoßra, 1, titanie) -street, Accrington.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD, COOK-GBXBRAL ; master and mistress only. Charing-washerwoman kept.—BOTTOMLEY'S REGISTRY, Morley-street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

WANTSD, immediately, reliabla GBNRRAL ; four in family ; plain cooking ; fond of children ; reference, requireel.—Write 47. WoRCESTER-RoAB. Bootle.

WANTisll, a good GIiNECRAL SERVAD7r, experienced with character ; good wages ; three in family ; little washing.-4, ASHFIELD. Wavertree. Liverpool.

VAT ANTBD immediately, young LADY as weekly Y Governess ; excellent situation ; salary £25 to £.30. Apply Miss Hunsort, 19, Irlam-street, Warrington-

wANZEnDe: asegooetptl, jair2.2 enOrO,K, Aaptpolnyces:atianlegopaarntitieunidaerri Mrs. BOSTON, 25, Lulworth-road, birkdale, boutraport.

UnDHRSFIHL D.—HOUSEMAID - WAITIOSS WANTBD ; family five; three servants ; no washing. —Address Mrs HoLLlDAY.Lunnelough Hall. Huddersfield.

NVa...\ t eau y miduic-.4,Led r'llicS Di t$ pasta Cook ; three kept ; good references required.— Apply, Mrs. LIMN, Worthingtun Hotel. 13 indley, near Wigan.

IA! ANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; small family; plain cooking. early riser ; cleanliness and trust- worthiness indispeas3ble.-43, MARTIN'S-LANE, Liseani, Cheshire.

WANTBD Good COOK-GENERAL, able to bake and assist with washing . Church of England. housemaid kept ; two in family. —apply MRS. REDDItai, Stamford-road, Bowdon.

NyANT kil) KITCHEIN-IiOUSBYIAID for house two miles from Sandbach. Age over i 6 ; Church ot England. Write full particulars. HONOURABLE litts. HiNosos, Bradwall Hall, Bandbach.

AVANTED, good plain COOK, L.U. ; Protestant ; about i Y 33 ; late dinners ; three servants ; five n family ;no beer. Required good sauees, soups, bread, pastry, good fry- ing.—Miss 13Avrws, Rainhi

kl RS. PRESTON, Progressive REGISTRY, 14, BOLD 01. PLACE. Liverpool, and 44. :-T1A111.1,9 ST., B:aCkpOol, wants Servants with references for Hotels. Boarding and Private Houses, good wages ; enclose stamp.

WANTHEI. good WN: INHAL SERVANT in small family; wag-s £lB ; can go out three nights each week ; must have good referenees.—Address by letter. etatif g age and references, Mrs. LITTLEWOoD, 10, Addison-terrace, Victoria Park, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ZaantrD.

- WANTBD, COWKAN, good milker.—Apply, at once. 31 CLIFF-STREET, lied Bank, Manchester.

-- WANTISD, YOUTHS. 14 to 16 years old; ligbt employ meat. —Apply SANKEY WIRE MILLS. -

VAANTED. at once, elisrp and clean GIRL, age about 18, V to live in, wages 43 per week.-160, REGENT-RoAn,

Liverpool.

WILLIANT PI &NIST for livening Parties.—Mr. OØARLES Ci4RDNER. 110. Falkner-dtrOdG, LiVdtpool ; 6. ; country towns rail fares evra.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR MEDALS WANTED, dated 1848, or earlier, £2 g iven ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic hied River, Firket, Atbara Mashona. Matabele, &c.—MAJan Tomns, Droitwieb.

GROCERY and Provision Trade.—Wanted an Apprentice to tlae above, 15 or 16 years of age; to live in.—Apply to JAcon McMuLLEN, Grocer, Huytou (six miles from Liver- pool).

fIOLLECTING BOOK £5 las., for Sale easily collected. k.) goo I old busineAi ; promotion cause of selling. Price £50.—.7. F. BOLSILLW, TT, Wellington-avenue, Wavertree, Liverpool.

wANTIS°. HHAD Mlitkth3, tor Cross Rank Wesleyan intants Shoot, i'Adtham ; average attendance JO ; good assistant statT ; salary ab,mt £33.—For application form. apply —Jons DoDGEoN, Spencer-street, radihana, near Burnley.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
E 0 be ?Let.

_ 8, HOYLE STREET, rent 36. 9d. PENKI3TH.--Cottages 4s Dd., 3s. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. HOWLEY QUIY. House, Stables and Land, rent £3O. BANKEY-SiItIOIT, Lock-up Shen. 35, BUTTERMARKtiT 6TitlißT, provision 6 hop with Bakehouse. rent £4O. BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. 25, CATHERINE STRBET, rent 4s. 3d. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Dank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

LET.—LARGH ROOM, Orford-street ; rent £20.- 1 Apply WoODS & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

FREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS, Orford-street-- Apply WOODS 4FC SON, Solicitors, Horaemarket-street, Warriugton. _ -.

CHOP TO LET, Padgate, cult Butcher or Creengrocer,Bco. Li rent 53. week clear.—Apply J. S. liißLlND,Briuge.street Warrington.

T° LST, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.- 1. Woo Dis AND bost, Solicitors, horsemarket-street, Warrington.

c.I HOP and DWRIA INC}, convenient cellar, adjoining four kJ others, suit butcher, grocer, .10,-55, liEwaEY ETREET, IrYarringtou ; apply biraLLAND, 63.

TO LEI, STABLB and COACH-HOUSE, with lofts over _L large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WOODS and SON, Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

(3r OOD SHOP and DWELLING HOUSE, (4 large bedrooms, ecc). in Watrington.—Apply Woops and SoN,bolicitors, Horeemarket-street, Warrington.

TT 11ALLIIVELL. DON'T FORGET ALBEEVS. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN JIVER DAY FOR

epsits,

ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S. 611. AND 10S. 6D.

(11_ k)I SO. SKELTON & SON, Manufacturers of Cut lacks, Tingles. Hobs, Shoe Bills Iron and Brass Rivets, &c., and all Grindery Nails. Importers of Eyelits, Paper Buttons and General Shoe Mercery. MILTON WORKS, BIRMINGHAM. Write for quotations.

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE. LIFE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

'bar.

Itionep.

"VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLB.--100 Worms in Bag and Moss sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, is to is 6d per dozen; gut Casts, three yards 20. 4d, 6d and 9d each ; uut Bottoms with one hook attached one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for id ; porcupines, id each ; gentles in stook at 3d, 6d and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MAI:MST-FLAW'. MANCHESTER, (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

So many palpably die- Some Election honest election cries are Cries.

in use that it may be , as well to take one or two of th em, and show their I falsehood. It is said that Liberals are "traitors" to their country because one or two Liberals have written certain letters. It would be just as hon- ourable to urge t hat the Conservatives are traitors because Sir EDW ARD CLARKE trounced Mr CHAMBERLAIN for his conduct of the negotiations, land Commander BETH ELL objected to the war, and Mr. COURTNEY has done his best to represent the cause of the Boers in a favourable light. The use of the terra traitor is disho nest, objectionable, and vituperative. The Liberals are declared not to be "patriots " because their attitude in the early part of the n egotiations was critical, and they have objected to Mr. ,CHAMBERLAIN'S irritat- ing, suspicious, and offensive references to the man and people with who in he was ostensibly seeking to arrange nutters in South Africa. It was a Liberal Go vernment that gave back the Transvaal. But in that Government were the DUKE of DEVONSHIRE and Mr. CuAmBERLAIN.They have repented, and that is now the attitude of many of their opponents. The Boers were given a chance,and they never made the best of it. The first denial of what we expected of them was made under Lord _SALISBURY'S Government:in :11890-1 when, without any protests, the Boers of the Transvaal contracted the political right of British and other Outlanders. " Remember Majuba," shout the Conservatives. Bat they forgot it in 1890-1, and during the years 1895 to 1899 they permitted the Transvaal to arm for the struggle, and took no steps to prevent it. If the Transvaal had not been well armed, Mr. KRUGER would have given way. It was not two or three ietters that made him obstinate ; it was the consciousness of his military strength, and that had been acquired during.the time Mr. Ca AMBERLAIN was Colonial Secretary, and when effective me asures might have averted the sanguinary strife which has cost us so many lives and so many m illions of money. Another cry, equally false, is that " every vote given to a Liberal is a vote for the Boers?' It is a wilful and malicious misrepresentation, intended to catch the votes of the ignorant. Mr. CHA MBERLAIN,WhO has been flinging so many of these accusations broad- cast with his characteristic indifference to accuracy and his mad desire to win votes, has also said that if the Liberals came into power annexation of the Republics would not last "six months." Inas- much as the Liberals accept annexation as an accomplished fact such a statement can only be properly de scribed by an objectionable monosyll" able. Mr. BALFOUR'S cry about the Conservatives being true army reformers has been already disposed of in these columns. His promise of Roman Catholic education changes has secured Salford for the Conservatives, but he must be well aware that he will not succeed in carrying any measure of the kind. It is like MT.CHAMBER- LAIN's old-age pension cry at the last election—a mere catch-vote paltering with public policy.

Parliament will never endow the Roman Catholic Church with a university out of national money or any other educational scheme. The cry about "Little Englanders" is about as bad as the others, and its effect in Northampton and Battersea has been what we might have expected. Much has been said about promoting union with the Colonies. It has never been endangered by any but Tory policy. Self-government, given to theca by Liberal statesmen, has made them devoted to the mother country. As long as they were Crown Colonies their loyalty was limited. When it was proposed to endow them with self-government the Tories said the Liberals meant them to detach and cut themselves off. The old argument is now seen to be as false as current ones. The Empire is in no danger except from aggression, wastefulness and incompetency at home. Exhaustion and aggression are the two things to fear. Insolence and swagger about "the flag" are far more likely to imperil the Empire than Liberalism, good government and peace.

ON the Continent the ,-_As Others See Us. General Election here is held to explain our dip- lomatic uncertainty in China. Lurd SArassußS does not promptly meet the new phases as they arise,and he issupposed to be unwilling to act with energy until he sees how the elections are going. This is an interesting state of affairs, but the ex- planation is not sound. Lord SALISBURY has been always weak and dilatory ever since the Chinese question became acute. A change of Government or a marked change of feeling in the country would be regarded as promising better results and more firmness and prevision. We have lost our strong position in China. Have we lost ground on the Continent during the war? If we may believe CHAMBERLAIN We are more hated DOW than ever we were—because we are strong! The point is important. The reports of the military attaches who have studied the South African War on the spot are not at.all in our favour. It was intended to appoint General GRENFELL to the command of the Allied troops in China. But the idea had to be given up, and our readers will remember hovi suddenly it was dropped. Captain GAMBLER, explains in the Fortnightly how it was. Our mill' tary prestige was believed to have been so injured during the South African War that the concert would have been broken up if the headship of an English General has been pressed. The Allies were unwilling, they did not consider it safe, to be led by an English Generalissimo. It cannot he contended that anybody but the Government is responsible for this reflection upon our Dallas*? skill. The hack story about the deficiency of ea- dite small-arm ammunition will not account for the disposition to regard us as an inferior military Power. Continental countries noted our obsolete artillery, our muddling methods, and our bad generalship, and they were alarmed. It is a sad business. Turning from this singular incident, which the Government speakers carefully ignore, to the general conduct of the war, what do we find? That military men abroad are very severe on the way in which our generals clung to the rail- ways, made frontal attacks, and were unable to beat two non-military Powers with three or four times the number of trained soldiers in the field. When they were cut off from the main body our troops surrendered instead of entrenching them selves, and holding on until relieved. Too much made of these surrenders, no doubt; but atill the' revealed an amount of ignorance and incaPacity the part of officers which is the reverse of Pleas° Our trenching tools were not carried by the Wen who needed them, and even on Spion KoP th° men in tho advance had to wait for then Egineers: Such critici3ms are galling to our pride, bt.ljv we cannot brush them away. They Wei lowered our military prestige in the eYes Continental nations. They give emphasis t° tithe need for thorough reform in our militia,' system. Expenditure alone may be increased without putting everything right. As Sir 11• - CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN has said, we must deulcr cratise the army, and offer careers to capable roe° and pay them better. Our military as well as our political constitution breaks down 011 the aristocratic side. This is what other countries are seeing and saying of us. When we come t° technical and commercial education, the sat° js fault-finding is observed. We are being outPacs' and the quest for new markets, upon which 10' CHAMBERLAIN lays such stress,will be of little ger" vice if we are losing the old ones. The reason is that our methods lack science, skill, and organiase. tion. The Germans are beating Us. What refit help is likely from, any but democratic sources! Some Unionists thinks more of :catechisms than °lg commerce. Surveying the general position °I Great Britain, our foreign critics are by no meal° as friendly as they used to be. They resPee° strength, but theyideride weakness, and just noW our weakness seems to them the one thing to ba commented upon. If electors will dwell on thess. points it will assist them in voting in a patriotic way.

Sir John Brunner is not likely to be oust.ed, from his seat as representative of the Northvac'd division. He is too strong a man politically ail. 6 morally for that, and his opponents know They, however, are doing their best to discredit John in the eyes of the electors, and in a fashl°ll„ too, which is " playing it rather low " as they 5% in America. Allegations of Pro-Boer and Lil Englander proclivities have been common Luau', tions of warfare on the Conservative side,and tb have to their eternal discredit not hesitated countenance lying insinuations about Sir Brunner's treatment of his workpeople. The thing, to a; much less extent, has been done Warrington, and Mr Croslield has promptly nail° ;. the false coin to the counter. Sir Join Bruhpei has done likewise, and it will not now pass nalistea in the Northwich division. Strange to say, ait t, meeting in support of the Conservative eandit",- at .Runcorn on Wednesday, Mr linisoup chairman, accused the _Liberals of 0-171-10 clueing personalities. This is shifting guilt on to other shoulders with vengeance. We admire Mr. Imisou's elfronterY u 1.1,49 not his veracity. He also stigmatised 711 mean, the making of capital out of purso,llo- - What an idea ! 'When a niarl.h, endeared himself to a community, as Sir iO Brunner has by countless acts of kindness, his c't—of vassers are mean if they refresh the ineult)rYgr the elector on some of these matters. Such 10 Imison's conviction, and we are sorry for whose ideas are warped to such an extent. .-1-" a electors will look at the matter differently, W° 8r sure, and " vote for Brunner" !

--- Warrington fully attained the dignity of County Borough on Monday when the Act° Parliament came into force. In celebration of the event, which signified the town's" manhood, , the Mayor entertained a number of his fellow-townil men and other guests to dinner at the Town As usual at these functions, there was a quantq which of after-dinner oratory—and oratory one of the speakers paid a high coopU meat to. Wilkie hardly agreeing with _te"

===== 0002601_19001005_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOF HMO'S CORN CUELIt ; safe and certain 40. LertoßATowr, Ashbrook street, Openshaw, Manchester.

THF EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5 1900.

Oates up satirtii3ll.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OP TSSTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to N ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and 81000 Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvallous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ile. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY' LINCOLN. Beware et worthless imtetlons.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)lic ley Jut

===== 0002601_19001005_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)rs, las has the

===== 0002601_19001005_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
any Leal I to nvo

less and 'nee ielY pod

at for litary iolst(3 • bad a sad

,dentt pOref 0 W°

ble to four field.

0.103 'ell al the) atria 3 Le t° saw°

Of 3, Ct Of th 6 1, t13(1 tOWIIB' I flail' ,antitY whicti th@

7-0044,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
was the ieen

terms of praise used by him we are willing to admit that the oratory as a whole was not bad— for after-dinner speech-making. Some men spoke better than others, naturally, but the speech of the evening was certainly that delivered by the Mayor, who displayed a characteristically close acquaint- ance with his subject and spoke briefly and to the point. He is entitled to some elation at the honour conferred upon the town during his Mayoralty, and especially as it is to a large extent due to his own persistence. No one has recognised more than Alderman Roberts, how much the town was crippled by the vets of the Lancashire County Council. In Technical Education particularly, progress and expansion were almost impossible owing to the injustice and meanness of the paramount authority, but now all this is at an end, and the good ship Warrington floats on an even keel, with its own captain at the helm. The new responsibilities are fully realised, and we look to an era of municipal development and commercial progress which will justify—if any further justification were needed— Warrington's severance from the County Council of Lancashire.

Every newspaper editor is painfully conscious of the stimulus war gives to versification; while the conductors of the magazines which regularly lend a portion of their space to poets have been burdened during the last few months to an extent beyond any previous experience. The net result to the public is, Kipling's "Absent-Minded Beggar " linos with plenty of go, a spice of vulgarity, nowa- days as much needed as the suspicion of onion used to be for the salad bowl ; and with a fine dis- regard of grammar. Mr Alfred Austin has strained after effect until the flesh has been worn off his soldiers, and only their hard bones shew. Mr. W. E. Henley has made one effort, a staccato composi- tion with an annoying sense of cleverness. Mr. Thomas Hardy did better with his elegy over a soldier buried in South Africa. Mr Swinburne strangely enough, has confused poetry and politics and Mr Henry Newbolt, the most promising of the rising generation, has not helped us. For the rest, we know from the decimal percentage that the editors have allowed t) pass into print the flow has been one consistent stream of doggerel, sometimes maudlin sentiment and sometimes remarkable as decent prose gone wrong. No wonder that the cry is raised in this month's "Nineteenth Century," " Wanted a New War Poet." The kinetic power of imagination to put together in a single picture the stress and pathos, the courage of resignation, the enthusiasm and the ,quiet endurance which lighted up and shadowed the score of memorable compaigns seems to be lacking. Perhaps it is the fault of the newspapers in over-loading the mind with details, and so blinding to the broad, great features of the war. What is needed is a Munskacsy among the poets!

The fact that the General Election is to la() short and sharp, whether or not decisive, is giving great satisfaction to the various classes whose occupations are disturbed thereby. The theatrical companies are, perhaps, the greatest sufferers, for these contests afford an amount of comedy such as is rarely seen behind tho footlights. In Manches- ter, for example, Mr. Balfour, on the one hand, and Mr. Birrell, on the other, have been entertain- ing audiences with their smart responses to the questions with which they have been heckled. At Oldham Mr. Winston Churchill has amused the operators with his epigrams, his definition of a candidate being the most whimsical—as "a person who is invited to stand when he wants a seat, and rs expected to lie." The rotten egg form of criticism has given place to the cartoon, and in many dis- tricts peculiarities have been hit off with a pretty wit. It is, however, in the house to house canvassing that the most curious Contretemps occur. That is a well reviued story now applied to Battersea, which tell of the disap- pointment of one party worker who, thinking that he was on the track of a supporter, was informed at the cottage that the elector had died—or,as the widow put it, had "gone to Heaven." "I am sorry to hear that," said the canvasser absent- mindedly. Mr. Bottomley's rejoiner to a beery in- dividual who asked rather sharply whether it was his desire to put down the drink traffic, was hardly less opportune: "I am sorry that the law will not allow me to ask you all to help me do so." It was a young Conservative in the 1892 election who made the best answer at the gibe about his youth: "Does sour mother know you are out ?" "Yes, and next Friday (polling day) she'll know I am in." These pleasantries relieve politics of its sharpness and passion.

"To be forwarned is to be forearmed," and we are glad to note that the warning to the country from the outbreak of the dreaded bubonic plague an Glasgow has not passed unheeded in Warring- ton. Dr J Guest Gornall has presented & memor- andum on the subject to the Medical Officer of health, and which the latter has wisely had included in the agenda of last Tuesday's Council meeting. Dr Gornall's research has given him a valuable knowledge of plague forms and symptoms and this knowledge he devotes to the safeguarding of the public. He po;nts out the ease with which the fell disease may be disseminated and the great possibility of its being brought to Warrington either via the Ship Canal or by rail. Mildly-infected persons would be able to travel and pursue their ordinary avocations, spreading the plague as they went, so that it is as well—nay imperative—that we in Warrington should be fully prepared to cope with the plague should it unfortunately be introduced in our midst. Dr. Gornall's plan of action in the emergency is excellent, and should ensure the dreaded plageo a brief existence in the neighbour- hood. We hope the thanks of the Council, on behalf of the townspeople, will be given to Dr. Gornall for his valuable suggestions.

There are no doubt hundreds of people in the town who are ignorant of the fact that Warrington has, once, been visited by the plague, and they may be excused for their ignorance by the fact that the case occurred so long ago as 1647. In Latchford, however, the memory of the plague is a cherished legend, for the outbreak occurred in Wash-lane, and the" plague house" as it is called 18 to be seen yetand frequently forms a subject for the camera and the brush. Dr. Gornall remarks that " A case occurred there about 1647, through infec- tion having been brought from some other locality, and apparently there was no spread beyond the in- mates of the farrn,known to this day as the Plague Etouse (now divided into two cottages), for the People of the neighbourhood kept them strictly in quarantine, bringing them food in exchange for money, which, for safety's sake, was put in vinegar m a hollow on the top of a stone."

===== 0002601_19001005_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

During the present Parliamentary election it has been discovered by more than one candidate that contesting a seat in the liouse of Commons is a costly luxury. The total expenses in connection With the contest now in progress, it is estimated, Will not be less than three quarters of a million sterling. The four contests. beteen 1885 and 1895 cost more than three millions and a half. Under the Corrupt Practices Act election expenses are ac- cording to a fixed scale, but, notwithstanding this the doors of the British Parliament are practically Closed to a poor man. The latter may have studied Politics all his life,and be ever so anxious to devote Whatever talent he possesses to the be.nefit of his country, but he has no chance of realising his am- bition unless his friends come to his assistance. Wealthy aspirants, even, have been ruined, or crippled for years, in a financial sense, by two or three political contests. Ot course, there is some- thing radically wrong while such is the case, and ,What seems to be really needed is a measure of Legislation which shall have the effect of further reducing the maximum expenditure of candidates, and also make certain expenses now paid by .them charge upon the Imperial Exchequer. This is not merely a working-man's question; since the heavy expenses of electoral contests is an effectual bar- rier to many men of education who would other- /vise place their services at the disposal of the con- stituencies'

A correspondent who is interested in dates and comparisons. makes it out that the late Parliament

;( f

lasted exactly the same period as the Parliament of 1868, in which Mr. Gladstone first appeared as Prime Minister, namely five years, one month, aud sixteen days. Mr. Gladstone's majority was a large one, but that of Lord Salisbury was the largest in the late Parliament since the time immediately following the adoption of the Reform Act of 1832.

When the revenue ieturns for the first quarter of the year were published, it will be remembered, a considerable falling off in the income was shown, and pessimists declared that the prosperity of the nation was on the wane. The figures for the first three months, however, are often deceptive, and cannot be taken as an indication of the future. It is so in the present instance, since the returns for the second quarter of the year showed so marked an advance that for the six months there is actually an increase or £445,000, as compared with the cor- responding period of the previous year. It has to be borne in mind, also, that during this period the war in South Africa has been continued, together with the trouble in China, both of which circum- stances have tended, as a matter of course, to the disorganisation of trade. While rejoicing in evi- dences of continued prosperity, the country takes only for what it is worth the attempt to make poli- tical capital out of it during the election.

A question frequently asked during the Election, and one to which the correct aßswer is rarely'given, even by otherwise well-informed persons, is that of from what time the life of a Parliament dates which is limited to seven years existence ? Under the Statute of George 1., commonly known a; the Sep- tennial Act, Parliament ceases to exist after seven years from the day on which, by writ of summon, it was appointed to meet. So that the life of the Parliament now being elected will begin from November let, the day on which by the writ of sum- mons, it basibaen appointed to meet.

Much amusnnent was caused at a political meet- ing in the Sleaford division by one ot the speakers declaring that he was strongly in favour of its being insisted upon that beer shall be brewed from pure" halt and mops."

Tao Church Congress which has just been held at Newcastle-on-Tyne brings to mind the fact that no fewer than twenty-two of the olcupants of the uresent Bench of Bishops were the nominees of Lord Salisbury. They are the Archbishops of Canter- bury and York,and the Bishops of London, Durham, Winchester, Bangor, Bristol, Carlisle, Chester, Ely, Lichfield, Liverpool, Newcastle, Oxford, Rochester, St. Albans, St. Asaph, St. David's, Sodor and Man, Truro, Wakefield, and Worcester. The survivors of Mr. Gladstone's Bishops are their lordships of Exeter, Lincoln, Liandaff, Manchester, Norwich, Ripon, and Salisbury. The two Bishops nominated by Lord Rosebery during his brief Premiership are the Bishops of Bath and Wells, and of Herefor.i. The doyen of the Bishops is Dr. Ellicott, who was ap- pointed to the See of Gloucester as long since as 1863 by Lord Palmerston.

Harvest, thanksgiving festivals are now in full swing,and do not appear to be prejudiciallyaffected, if one may judge of the results by the amounts of money received at some of them, by the General Election. in many cases, it does not appear to be considered needful to state the object to which the profits are devoted, and this being so, one may per- haps be excused for mentioning what seems to be a very suitable and deserving object. It appears from the annual report of the Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution, that the Council of that in- atitution have done their best "to meet the existing distress and provide for the .in- creasing number of applications for relief"; but they feel it incumbent on them for a time largely to limit the election of new pen- sioners, unless their appear:for subscriptions is res- ponded to more substantially." The object of the Institution is to provide pensions for bona fide farmers, their wives, widow3,aud unmarried orphan daughters, who through misfortunes in farming are more or less dependent upon charity for support. Thera are now 1,245 pensioners, many of them more than eighty years of age, being maintained at an annual cost of £26 472. It should only be necessary to mention these facts, to ensure attention to a really deserving and very worthy ohjeet, by pro- moters of these services and gatherings who may be well disposed to help.

The present condition of the agricultural labourer, as disclosed by the valuable information which has been gathered on the subject by the Board of Trade, is evidently far different from what it was when Mr Joseph Arch put himself, a quarter of a century ago, at the head of the great movement which cut- mtnated in the famous strike. At that time they were on starvation wages; they had "almost for- gotten the taste of meat ; bread and weak tea, a bit of hard cheese, a bodl ot bad potatoes, and an occa- sional scrap of bacon, with intervals of gruel, and not quite enough of any of these things; old and patched clothes, leaky boots; a cottage in which their family herded together in sleeping rooms such as a sporting nobleman would not have tolerated for his horses." This is the picture drawn by the historian of the condi- tion of the agricultural labourer, not only in the eastern counties, but in many parts of the country, five or six years before he was given the franchise. But, happily, such a description is not applicable to the labourer's condition in even the worst part of the British Isles to-day, although, doubtless, there is considerable room for improvement in some dis- tricts. The Board of Trade report on the average earnings of agricultural labourers in 1893 shows that, as a rule, in districts where the cash wages are low the labourers get more in the shape of payment in kind, or earn extras; and on land where the wages paid are high, the extras are low.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW AQUARIUM IN THE PARK.

Opening Ceremony.

A large number of the public assembled in the park on Monday afternoon, when Alderman:Bolton. the Chair- man of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee, performed the interesting ceremony of turnine on the water in the new aquarium which bai been erected near the aviary. There are eleven tanks, in which are several varieties of fish, including common or yellow trout, Loch Levan trout, rainbow trout, roach, common perch, golden and common carp, golden orge, and tench. One of the tanks contains trout which were hatched in the park in April. A considerable improvement has been effected in front of the tanks by the widening and asphalting of the footpath. Amongst those present at the opening ceremony were the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Robert,), Miss Roberts, Aldermen Bolton, Francomb, Fairclough, Hutchinson and Heaton Councillors A Jolley, Tinniou. Peacock, Ellison, Smethurst and John Evans ; Mr. J Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr S Wilson (deputy town clerk),Mr J Fairhurst (borough treasurer),Mr T Longdin (borough surveyor),Mr J H Gornall (medical officer) and Mr Deas (water engineer). Alderman BOLTON said it gave him very great plea- sure to turn on the water to the (19W aquarium, and he hoped it would be a source of enjoyment to the people of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) It was something new, and he trusted that educationally it might prove of some little benefit. In future they expected to have other similar attractions in the park. It was the committee's intention to do all they could to enhance the pleasece of visitors to the park. (Applause.) Alderman BOLTON then turned on the water. and the tanks were inspected. The Mayon said that before separating he should like to take the opportunity on their behalf as well as his own to move a very hearty vote of thanks to Alder- man Bolton for his preseece and for opening this very beautiful and attractive exhibit. (Hear, hear.) Ho ' was sure that he and the Park Committee were to be sincerely congratulated upon this recent and attractive addition t the many things which were beautiful in the gardens of the park. He hoped the Committee would be encouraged by the interest shown that afternoon in. making further developments of this character in the park. At the same time they could not allow this opportunity to pass without acknowledging the great ebt, they all owed to te.e Town CI,-.rk for the personal ntereat he had shewe and groat ain 'mint of work he had done in connection with this additional attraction in the !park. (Applause). He cngratulatel the committee, and proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman. , (Applause) Alderman FRANC3MB, in seconding said the Chairman and the committee deserved their thanks for the interest they took in the park, and everyone was thankful to the Town Clerk for what he had done to make the park attractive. (Applause.) The vote of thanks was heartily carried. Alderman BOLTON acknowledged the vote and said he was pleased that they had extended a portion of their thanks to the Town 'Clerk for the interest be had taken in the park. If it had not been for him there would have been no aquarium. They began with an experi- ment, and had now one of the finest aquariums to be seen in any park in the country. The attractions in the park generally were second to none in Lancashire or anywhere else. (Applause.) The proceedings concluded with applause for the Mayor and Mayoress.

ASK for CUNNINGIHAM'S HIGH-CLASS SIINBRAL LIATHRS.—Advt

THE EXAMINER, HRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900. RUNCORN AND WIDNES Is it not fay that Sir John should be justified in • ! allowing his supporters to make compari-ons? The comparison is damaging to the Tory candidate, POLICE COURT AND PRISON GATE MISSION : hence the displeasure thereat. COLLECTIONS AT WIDNES. On Saturday a collection was made in Widnes on behalf of the Ceurch of England Temperance Society's Police Court and Prison Gate Mission and rescue work. Members of the loeel boys' brigades and several young ladies underto3k the duty, their laudable efforts resulting in the sum of .1.,5 Pis being obtained. The Rev. James llirst, organizing secre- tary of the society, sincerely thanks the willing baud of helpers. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE. On Saturday evening the quarterly meeting of this organisation was held in the Greeuway-road school, Mr Tnornas R Whyte (president) in the chair. It was decided to give 103 6 1 to the Runcorn Nurse Fuad. Feeling references were made to the sudden death of Mr A J W Duncan, M. W P, the highest officer in the Order. Nit. Duncan'e training marked him for great usefulness, and he was de- servedly respected by the members. A resolution expressing coudolence with tee family was unani- mously passed. Mr iVhyte emphasized the import- ance of looking after the cadets, and exhorted the members to Use their influence with the parents so that they might have more enrolled. Prizes were being offered to those who secured the largest num- ber of members. DEATH OF A CHILD FROM OVER-LAYING. Coroner R Dobson, on Tuesday afternoon held an inquest, at the Ruacorn Police Court, on the body of siattea Ann, the two months old chill of John Thomas and Margaret Hannah Johnson.—lt appeared Mrs Johnson had gone to bed, on Sunday night, with the b iby ani two other children aged 4 and 2 respectively. She and the baby slept at the top of the bed and the two otner children at the bottom. About 3 o'clock in the morning on awaking she found her baby was dead. She sent for Dr McDougall about an hour afterwards. The child was intured but not in benefit. Sergeant. Gregory had been called in and gave it as his opinion from marks upon the child that it had been over-lain.— The jury brought in a verdict of accideutal death due to over-laying. SERIOUS RESULTS OF A RUNAWAY HORSE. About nine o'clock on Tuesday morning, the streets of Runcorn were considerably enlivened. The conveyance belonging to the London and North-Western Railway used in the delivery of parcels throughout the town was standing outside the station, laden and ready to proceed on its rounds. Inside were Mr C Wooley (parcels agent) and his assistant. From some unaccountable reason the horse bolted. Mr Wooley and his assistant were both thrown out and injured severely; then the horse, continuing its wild career,passed down Low- lands-road and Doctor's Bridge at an alarming rate, but was eventually pulled up by Mr Blundell, of York street, who bravely jumped to its head, when near the Church gates. The peculiar feature is that the horse is an unusually quiet one, and having been in the service of the Company for many years, is considered broken to the usual noise of engines and other traffic. Tao conveyance had one shaft broken through its collision with the gate- way of the station. Sr. PAUL'S WESLEY GUILD. The annual meeting of the above, was held in the Guild Parlour, Brunswick School, Runcorn, on Monday evening. There was a good attendance. The Rev Alfred Wells presided. The Vice-Presidents Mr. E Taylor and Mr George Hayes, were also present.—Mr F J liosker, read the minutes of the last annual meeting, and the report of the last session.—Mr J Greenhalgh presented the treasurer's report. These were uuanimouily adopted, and showed the Guild to be in a prosperous condition. The electioa of officers for the coming season then took place. The following were elected : Presi- dent, Rev Alfred Wells; Vice-Presidents, Mr E ' Taylor Mr George Hayes, and Mr J H Piekthall ; General Secretary, Mr J Povah; Assistant Secretary ,Mr FJ Rocker; Treasurer, Mr J Greenhalgh; Roll Secretary, Mr W Coventry; Pianist. Miss Wells.— Members were also elected for the following com- mittees.—Sible and Prayer Union ; Literary and Reading Circle; Look-out Committee ; Recreation and Social and Musical.—The weekly meetings will commence on Thursday October 18th with a social and musical evening. The young 111611's gymnasium will be open the following Monday evening. DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MR. CHARLES HOUGHTON. It is with deep regret we announce the death of Mr. Charles Houghton, landlord of the Mersey Vaults, Hersey-street, which took place on Fridaj morning after a week's illness. Deceased was a! younger brother of Mr. Samuel Houghton, of foof- null fame. It seems he contracted a cold in the throat, which gradually affected the lunge. Pneumonia supervened, and despite the best medi- cal attention Mr. Houghton gradually sank and died on Friday morning. Ile was at one time a member of the St. Helens Football Club, and latterly of the Runcorn Football Club, but only played a few matches in the "A" team. Deceased was a life-long teetotaler and was very pioular with all who made his acquaintance, and his sudden and untimely end came as a great shock to a large num- ber of friends. He was 27 years of age and leaves a wife and one child. The funeral took place at Run- corn Cemetery, on Monday afternoon and was attended by the following members of the Coopers' Society :—Messrs. J. Rushton, W. Smith, T. Car- ruthers, J Rawlinson, W and J Thomas, W Newton, H Woodward, W Ailibrook, W Peacock, H Evans, R Bellia, W Dutton, and E Clare; workmen at the Alum Works, where deceased was employed, viz., Basnett, J Corker, J Jones, .1 W Moores, J Robin- son, J Fowler, and E Cartwright ; other friends, in- eluding Messrs J florsfield. J Rarrop, T Fletcher, J Newton, W R Greer, a Miller,T Warden, J Nickson, R Wilson, Superintendent D Pearson, P C Boyer, and others. Following the hearse came two mourn- ing coaches, containing Mrs Houghton (widow), Mr Sam Houghton (brother), Mrs Stelfox (sister), Mr and Mrs Houghton (Deresbury), Misses Annie and Matilda Wood (sisters-in-law), Mr Wood (father- in-law),Mrs Houghton,Mr and Mrs R)berts (Preston Brook). Next the coaches walked Messrs 0 and A Wood, Fred and Harry Wood, William and George Wood, Alfred and George Gough, Alfred Kershaw, W Houghton, Thomas Houghton, and Louis Hall- wood. The bearers were four members of the Coopers' Society, viz. • Messrs. J Ford, W Riley, A Clarke and J Houghton. On arrival at the cemetery Ithe last rites were 'impressively performed by the Rev. Alfred Wells (superintendent Wesleyan minis- ter). The coffin was covered with floral tributes , from the widow, Mr and Mrs Sam Houghton, the Coopers' Society. Hr and Mrs Joseph Nixon (Liver- pool), Mr John Ford, aunt and uncle (Daresbury) ; the employees of the Alum Worlcs,g.rs Howard and family, Brother Alfred, Jim and Lizzie Hampson, father and mother, Superintendent and Miss Pear- son, Captain W and Mrs Smith, Mrs Pater Philips, Mr and Mrs Urmson, and two friends. Mr. Banks had the funeral arrangements in hand.

But enough of this ! like Sir John Brunner I re- peat it is a pity that ' dirt throwing " has been re- sorted to and the weightier issues of the election shunned. Let us have politics : We know Sir John Brunner, and we know the traaitions of the Liberal Party ! If the Tory Party are as void of political understanding as the vapourings of the Tory Candidate proclaim him to bA, we want none of it. For a candidats t 3 state apologetically "You don't want home politics? The war and the issues of it are what I appial to you upon !" may he good enough tor some places but it will not do for Northwich, and if that is all that Mr Samson can bring before us, the sooner the better he retires ; for Sir John Brunner, who was a good an i staunch enough member for us over the Soudan War,will be quite good enough tJ settle the Transvaal affair. We knew he is not a Pro- Boer. We know he is a generous hearted Englander. WA know that even Mr. Samson has had to admit he is not a member of the "Stop the War Com- mittee," and never was ; and that the same gentle- man has been obliged to admit he has never contri- buted to the funds of that Committee.

Besides let me appeal to the Liberals of Runcorn and Northwich that they stand fast by the princi- ples of their forefathers. Stick up for such men as Sir John Brunner, who has seen Parliamentary ser- vice under the late Mr Gladstone, who did more than any other statesman to knit together the English-speaking peoples of the world. Stand by the nobleness and grandeur of those days, and give, to the " New Diplomacy which has brought the name of Englishman t,) the level of braggart and swash buckler the quietus it 80 richly deserves, by the rejection of a Charaberlainito in the person of Mr Charles Leopold Samson.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. ---- [By a Correspondent.]

In these vexatious and cmitentious times, the work of a political writer should be much more difficult than in the times of the great calins that fall between one general election and the succeed- ing appeal to the country; but on this occasion I find my task much easier of accomplishment. As the Tories have commenced, so they continue. Their one desire has been to brand Sir John Brunner with the stigma of Pro-Boerism and Little- F,nglandism. But they have failed, and no have to admit they have miserably failed. Indeed, as the result of the " washing " Sir John Brunner stands out clearer to-day than ever before, in the character of a true English patriot and a lover of Queen and country. To the level- headed Englishman—(and Runcorn people especi- ally)—actions speak louder than words. We have it on the authority of one of the Chairmen of Mr. Samson's political meetings ; "That the people of Runcorn subscribed over £ltloo re- wards the relief fund." All honour to them ! But if that is to be the gauge of patriotism, let us en- quire how much Sir J T Brunner has personally contributed; and what his much maligned firm has done? If we did so,wa should learn that the .E 1,600 for the whole of Runcorn—and to which I candidly say Liberals contributed more than one half—is over-topped.

Mr. ImiFon's accusation that "It is mean to make political capital out of personal generosity "cannot be brought against Sir J T Brunner. Mr Sampson's supporters started the campaign, when Sir John was on the Continent, and painted him with the so- called shortcomings of the firm of Brunner, Mond, and Co., regarding the treatment of their working- men. They drew up a scurrilous and damaging indictment, and "meanly "—I use Mr Imison's word—made political capital out of it. Now, I ask,' though I admit " two blacks don't make a white.' if slander is to be made political capital out of ?

===== 0002601_19001005_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTB

Runcorn versus Oldnam at Ituncorn—and no top- hats —is the interesting fixture for Saturday. It was proposed to have given Sir J. T. Brunner, and Mr. C. L. Sampson, an opportunity of exhibiting their powers as footballers, but to that Oldham have objected, and the only struggle that will take place at Irwell Lane, on Saturday will be one for two points. Truly it is a pity that " Philistine "is Bayed the opportunity ot writing more about the " hats," or it may be "coats" would have been his subject on this occasion. But,enough, what are Runcorn going to do with Oldham ? Can they and will they win ? Such are the questions afloat, but the conditions and doings of the two clubs for this semon do not merit anything but a cautious prediction.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL HARVEST FESTIVALS. St. Paul's, Widnes.

The harvest festival sFrvices commenced is this church on Thursday were continhed on Sundsy. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. W Edinondsou, vicar of Parr. There was a moderate congregation. Toe Rev. T S Lea occupied the pulpit in the atternoon, whilst the Rev. Dr. Chavasse, Lord Bishop of Liverpool, delivered an excellent diicourse to a crowded congrega- tion in the evening. Special anthems were rerviered by the choir under ths conductorship of Mr H Stubbs. who also gave an organ recital prior to the commeneenaeht of the service. The offertories for the day amounted to £205.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
St John the Evangelist's Weston.

The harvest thanksgiving seTvices in connection with the above church corninenc-!d on Thursday evsning, when the preacher was the Vicar of Alvanley. The church was prer,tily decorated with an abundance of flowers, fruit, and vegetables. Spccial Mll3lO WAS ren- dered by the choir. The services were corvinued on Sun lay, the broacher in the evening being the Vicar of Runcorn. The festive music, including special auttorms and hymns, was well rendered by tbe choir. The church was filled to its utmost capacity. Tne collec- tions were satisfactory.

Parish Church, Frodsharn. Thi services were continued on Sunday, when the Rev F Flynn, late of Chins, preached in the forenoon, and the Vicar, the Rev H B Blogg, M.A.. in the even- ing. Afterwards an organ recital was given by Mr C H Hibberc. The offertories for the festival realized £27 153 61 , and this sum will be divided bp'..ween the ()nester Infirmary and the Froisham Nursns' Funds. _ _ .

Methodist 'Free Church. Frodsham.

Trio servicei wore coniunteJ in the Town H Frod- sham, owing to the alt.rations proceeding' at the Freq Church, when the Rev S W Hopkins (Liverpoo') preached._

Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn. The harvest festival of this cnurch wag continued on Sunday. when special sermons were preached morning, afternoon, and evening, b? the Rev A. P Riynolds, vicar of Kingsley. The music of the choir was a feature of the services. At the morning service Monk's " Deem " was rendered, together with special harvest hymns, In the evening Jackson's " Cantata" and " Nunc Dimittis," and the anthem" 0 give th mks unto thv Lord," received admirable treatment trom the choir, and the service throughout was of a hearty character. The church was filled to its utmost capacity. The offer- ()lies were for the curate fund.

Earlestown Baptist Church. Special servic.s in connection av,tn the Harvest Toanksgiving were held in the Baptist Church, E irles- town, on Sunday. The sacred edifioe had been prettily and tastefully decorated for the occasion, and at the morning and evening servlcl,s thrre were large congre- gations. The services wero conducted by the Rev Hector V Thomas (secretary to the Lncssiire Ch,shire Baptist Association). In the afternoon the Harvest Cantata" Day and Night "was giveo in excellent style by the choir. The collections which were for the church funds amounted to £6 12; 61. 01 Mooday evening a tea and concert was held. Ablut 159 persons were present to tea, th 3 attrndanco at tto3 coi:er, being mach tang ca ented

Wargrave Church. Thank ;giving, services in connection with tha in- gathering of the harvest wore bold in Wargrava MI arch on Sunday. Much labour had been expended on the decorations which mere of a tastefill description, and the mottoes were of an appropriate character. The weather was of an unpropitious character which mili- tated against the attendance at the morning, sorvice. Th e pulpit during the day was occupied by the Rev H E H Prolorn, chaplain to the Lord Rishlrl of Liverpool, who preached excel'ent sermons. At the eveuing service the church was well filled. In the afternoon a musical service was given by the organist and choir. There was a large congregation and the following programme was submitted—Anthem, "Sin?. 0 Heavens." choir ; organ solo, " Cavatina " : sacred song. " The Golden Pathway." Mr. J ohn Mulyneux ; Air, " With verdure clad." Mies K. Corlett; organ solo " The Abbey Chimes," being a reminiscence of evening service interrupted by a storm. Sacred song, " There IS a Green Hill," Miss A. Mc-)lynons ; Anthem," flonnur the Lord." organ solo " Grand Offertoire in D. Minor sacred song, " He shall give His Angels charge." Mr. S. Henderson. The thanksgiving service was continued on Monday nieht when the Rev. W. J. Adams, vicar of St. Augustines,Lioerpool,preached and a stirring address was delivered to a large congregation. The offortoriel were in aid of the Church Renovation Fund, the repair and hnorovernent of the Church being very necessary. The collections amounted to £l5 63 4d.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church.

The harvest festival services were held on Sunday, the edifice having been prettily decorated by the ladies of the congregation. The pulpit had received special at tAn- tion, and corn, grams, ivy, dahlias, lilies, berries, &0., were used with great taste. The windows and pillars were especially prominent, whilst from the gas jets were suspended baskets of flowers. Above the organ the motto " Praise ye the Lord " was seen. The ladies responsible for the decorations were : Mesdames Hocken, Parkinson Wadsworth, Savage, Horton Taylor, Stone, Earnshaw, Edelston, and Winstanley, the Misses Hampsen Healy, Lawton, Tate and Skel- land. The preacher in the morning WAR the Rev: J I Britten, of Southport. The anthem " Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem " (Maunder) was rendered by the choir, Mrs. D Stone effectively taking the solo. In the even- ing the chapel was filled, the Rev. C H Hocken being the officiating minister. His sermon, which was listened to most attentively, was from the words " And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God." Mrs. Stone rendered the solo" Light in Darkness "(Cowen) in a praiseworthy manner, while the choir creditably sang the anthem" While the earth rernaineth " (Maunder). Mr. R Wadsworth presided at the organ. The collections, which were in aid of the church funds, amounted to over £9.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

The services of think9giving for the ingathering o the harvest were continued at Christ Church, Padgate, on Sunday. Considerable csre h.:d been taken in the decoration of the interior for the first service on Thursday evening, and any drooping or fading flowers, &e., had been replaced and the decorations replenished. At the morning service the sermon was preached by the 11,v. G. Vale-Owen (curate-in-charge of Orford.) The anthem was creditably rendered by the choir, the solo being taken by Maser George Walton. In the evening there was a crowded congregation. The serv'ce W3fl conducted and the sermon preached by the Rev F E Evans. The choir sang the anthem 1. Sing a Song of Praise" (Caleb Simper) the bass solo being taken by Mr W Grcunds, and the tenor solo by Mr William Fryer. Mr F Blackwell was at the organ.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The ordinary monthly :fleeting of the above Council was held in the Town Hail,Runcorn, on Thursday morn- ing, when there were present :—Messrs F Wiswall (pre- siding), S Taylor, E Liaison, D Bisbrown, J H Salkeld,T Jones, J M Ssvoettnan, 11 G Grice, James Pritchard, E Gatley, R U Posnett, with F L Lake (law clerk), E Marshall (secretary), and Janaes Wilding (surveyor).

===== 0002601_19001005_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCHOOL CLOSED THROUGH MEASLES.

Dr. McDougall suomitted the usual monttaly repirt. There had been 27 deaths since the last report, two of which were inquest cases. Toe average death rate was 17 per 1,000 ot the estimated population,or, exclusive of ilaquet c ases. 151. Daring the month 43 births had been registered. For the c)rrespondinig period last year 21 deaths were registered and 47 births.--A. communication was maie to ii:m on Tuesday last, that owing to the prevalence of measles in the Newton District it was desirable to c!oae one of the schools; and that had b2en done on the m%nagers own initiacive, as a reasonable thing to do. In taat view he had concurred as being in accord with the directions in the code for such circum- stances.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 'WESTON ROAD.

, Oa the recommeniation ol the Highways and Buildings Committee it! was decided that application be made to the Cheshire County Counoil to declare the road from the Railway Station, along the Holloway and Weston Road to the district boundary near the hospital, a min road, or in default to make an annual contribution tc- wards the c )st of maintenance of such road.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET AND LIGHTING IMPROVEMENTS.

It was also decided that twelve new street lanterns for incandescent burners be purchased, and resolved that a direction sign p3st with our arms b 3 purchased at a cost of £4 103 and fixed at the eastern extremity of Moughland-lane. THE QUESTION OF A TELEPHONE EXCHANGE.

The Iligh ways and Buildings Committee a!sa reported that a letter had been received from Messrs Bennett and Ward Thomas, C)nsalting Electrical Engineers, Man- chester, asking the Council to consider the advisability of making an application to Parliament for a license for a Telephone Exchange. It was recommmded that no steps be taken at present. This was agreed to, THE NOTIFICATION OF PLAGUE.

The health Committee reported that an Order had been made by the Local Government Board extending the provisions of the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act 1889, to the notification of every case of plague occur- ring in the district of a sanitary authority and that the secretary to the Council had sent circular letters to all medical practitioners in the district informing them of the order, and requiring immediate notification of all cases of p!ague to the Medical Officer of Health. The same committee recommended that the tender of Mr William Mellor to supply provender fer the horses for the next six months be accepted. The above was agrecd to on the motion of Mr T Jones seconded by Mr E Gatlev.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE CT OF TUE WATER -COAL CJNTRACTS.

The Water Committee recommended that the tender of Messrs. Simpson, Davies and Sons to supply 300 tons of Bridgewater Trustees Worsley Tip Slack, to be delivered in such quantities as may be required within six months at the Top Locks, Runcorn, or at the rail- way station, in the event of the Bridgewater Canal being frczen ; and that the t,•nder of the Wigan Coal and Iron Company to supply 300 tons of Crombrook or West Leigh slack, to be delivered in such quantities as may be required within the next six months, at the Runcorn Pumping Station, be accepted. On the proposition of Mr James Pritchard, seconded by Mr. (ince, this was unanimously aereed to.

A PRECEPT ON TIIE OVERSEER.

Mr. E Gatley proposed and Mr. D Bishrown seconded the minutes of the Markets and Cemet3ry Committee, which r: c)maiended that a pre?.ept ba served on the Overseers of the Por, for £1.65 for tho six months end- ing 31st M sroh next for the rep3.ym-mt of loanJ, and a precer for £6) for Cemetery expenses for the same period ; als) that the Seal of the Council be affixed to such precepts. To pr)po3itioo W 39 agreed to unanimously. INCREASED GRANT FROM THE COUNTY COUNCIL.

The rec laical Instruction Committ;e—Wpc;i:teletter had been received from the Cheshire County Council to the effect that the grant to th. evening classes would this year bn £393 as against £325 fir last year. Mr. Infs In said he hoped that in the future when they hid An increased p vulation they would have a further increased help from the same surce.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
6TREET IMPROVEMENTS.

The Chairman intimated th-at the 1.,;ca1 Government Bo3rl hid forwtrded sanction tl the ty)rrowing of £540 for privan streers improvement works. . . .

Tnis conclude' the -business

===== 0002601_19001005_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WILFUL DAMAGE AND THEFTS AT RUNCORN.

Two Young Brothers Implicated.

At the Runcorn Sessions. on Monday, before Messrs. F. J. Normsn and S. Taylor, Charles Hulse, aged 16, and Joseph Fluls ~ 11, two brothers, were charged with stealing two brass shaft fittings, value 103., from Messrs King's works, at Clifton, on the 23rd Srptember, the property of William Henry King.—Artnur Lewis, son of Joseph Lewis. of Sutton Weaver, gave evidence that on Sunday the 23rd September, he went to the works at about two o'clock in the afternoon, in company with the two prisoners. The eider prisoner, Charles Hulse, went; into the works and told witness to give warning it anyone Carrie. In a short time prisoner returned with four pieces of brass, which he hid at the back of the hedge near the works. Tney then wenthorne. Witness admitted that he had been to the works with the prisoners before, but they got nothing on that occasion. Subsequently Mrs. Hulse saw witness and told him that he was to be careful what he said about those things, meaning the brass. The prisoner Charles Hulse had called witness bad names for giving information.—Thomas Dodd, manager of works, deposed to visiting the works and finding two lords.; bushes missing from the machinery. Ha subsequently saw the prisoners' parents, and told them tnat if they would bring the brasses back again there would be no bottler about them—Sergeant Ben set stated that he tmok the lad Lewis to Kieg's Works, and on the way he mat the prisoner Charles Hulse. Lewis pointed to Fluke as the one who had been in the works on the previous day, and had brought out two pieces of brass, and put thorn behind the hedge. Wit- ness made a search,but could not find the brass. Witness subsequently brought both prisoners to the Runeorn Police Station where they made statements which were taken down in writing and which the prisoners signed. These statements contained an admission of the theft. The younger boy admitted that his brother had been to the works on several occasions, and taken brass from the engine, and that he bad sold it to a ragman, The prissner Charles Hulse also made a statement, in which he admitted that he had been to the works and got the brass. He gave one of the pieces to Arthur Lewis, and he carried the other. Witness searched the prisoners' home, but could not find I h brass. He had since been to Warrington and visited all the marirse-store dealers, without recovering it. The prisoner Charles Hulse after- wards made a second statement, in which he said that he took the brass and hid it in the hedge 'afar the works, and that subsequently he wont and got it and took it home and put it in the building close to their house. This was the third time he had taken brass from these works.

Charles William Taylor of 14, Milton-;treet, off Sot- land-road, Liverpool,manager for Messrs Bing and Com- pany, gave evidence to the effect that since Easter Monday, twelve months ago, seven bushes of bras; and caps had been removed from their works. The cost of these things and replacing them would he at least ED, fire bushes out of the seven would cost £3 apiece. There had alt.:o been at least 13cwt. of iron shafting removed, Witness had seen the elder prisoner lurking about the premises.—The prisoners now pleaded not guilty, and in reply to the Bench, said their statements made in writ- ing at the Polico Station and signed by them were un- true. Both deniod that they had over been in the works —Soptrintendent Pearson said he had never met two more untruthfol boys in any other case before. lie was afraid they had been encouraged by their parents, and particularly by their mother.—Qiestioned by Mr. N nrnan (the chairman), prisoners said they were telling lies when they admitted they had taken the brass. They were telling the truth when they said they had never been on the premises.—The Bench fined the elder prisoner 203. and costs, or 14 days' hard labour, and ordered the younger prisoner to rtceive six strokes with the birch rod.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMME3,Bx. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOB SALES OF WORK.

CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS,

TICKETS, &c.

GO TO JOHN WALKER AND CO, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, ORDER BOOKS. TOTRADESMEN, WARRINGTON AND MID•CHESEHRE EXAMINER. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, RUNCORN EXAMINER. WIDNES EXAMINER. ST. HELENS EXAMINER: Every Desaription of LETTERPRESS AND LITHOGRAPHIC PRINTING Executed with PROMPTNESS AND DESPATCH.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON CIAMES AND ATHLETICS' Rugby Football.

[By " Ovalist."]

Warrington have lost nearly all the points they gained in the opening matches of the season, when they made a clear profit of 5 points on last season's accounts. The successive defeats at S:ockport and Broughton—which were wins last year—havejleft a credit ba,ance of only a single point, so that the high hopes entertained of the team are by no means fulfilled. The last two defeata ought to have been victories if the men bad shaped as they kaow how, but indifferent play allowed the other side to win. Particularly was this the case on Saturday last, when Warrington nad the best of their game with the Rangers, double the chances of scoriug,and yet they lost.

Perhaps the presence of two :would-be members of Parliam;.,nt over-awed the visitors, for certainly a couple of 'em kicking off in one match is rather a big job. The kicks were not worth inw.ta however, and in tact, the kick on behalf of the Warrington team was so poor as to discredit such a fighter as Mr. J. E. Lawton. It gave the Rangers quite an advantage and they never lost it until they got ahead.

Though there was such a big attraction at Swinton the crowd at Broughton was a large one, fully 5,000 spectators lining the arena and filling up the huge stand left over from" Savage South Africa." This is an im- mense strurture and is quite the pride of all Brough- tonians. It is certainly something exceptional ia the way of football field grand-stands. The turf too was brand new—specially laid for the season—and guaran- teed strong as wire. It looked very well too, and the Rangers' executive have to be congratulated on their enterprise. There should be some better foot- ball on such a surface as is now provided. It is not a lawn by any means but as football fields go it will take some beating. Perhaps Wilderspor4l is the only ground that can give points to Wheater's Field even ye:.

A very fast open game was the outcome of the meet- ing of Warrington and the Rangers, and the crowd found plenty of entertainment in the doings of the teams. Warrington b...sean in very promising style, and the way .the forwards heeled out, coupled with the alertness of the backs, made things look lively for the Ringers. Still there was nothing one-sided about the play and on more than one occasion a scere against Warrington was narrowly averted. The latter were the more dangerous however, and Burgess made some wonderful individual efforts which would have resulted in tries had he oassed or kicked at the right time. His selfishness and lack of judgment unfortunately spoiled what was far and away his best display—and moreover it lost Warrington the game. We scored first, after a long attack, Isherwood smartly dropping a goai,and at halfjtinie the score was still two poiats to nil in our favour.

The second half was pretty much tha same except that the home forwards seemed to improve while the Warrington men tired, perceptibly towards the close. From a scrimmage close to the line W James threw wide to Wilson at centre, and the latter transferring to Hogg, he scored at the cnreer. The tactics were very simple but effective, and if triad by Warrington on Fish's wing would have resulted just as favourably to us. The re- verse gave Warringt m renewed vigour and a few minutes later the indefatigable Mereweather pro- fited by Harry's misfielding, and Warrington again led by two points. They seemed to have the game well in band when another determined effort by Broughton drove them elsewhere, and the same long passing being repeated, Isherwood and Fish were caught napping and Wilson scored a good try, Only a few minutes re- mained to play and Warrington tried hard to score again. Broughton's passing was tried, too late, and Fish was hemmed in near the line. The end soon came with Broughton winning by a single point.

Warrington have entirely themselves to blame, and had the halves, particularly Burgess, passed out smartly the result would have been much different. Burgess time after time ran through the opposing halves, and should have at once passed to his centres, but he ran on till he was tackled. Until he can realise that his part of work is done when he has beaten his man, he will never be a good half back, He has lost us the Stockport and Broue,hton matches, and no wonder some of the players are beginning to growl. He has just the one fault, otherwise his play is excellent. Bito and Fish are especi- ally indignant at the way be hugs the ball, and I believe tne Capc,ain's absence was due to no other cause than his inability to make the junior half back play the proper game.

Had the ball been sent along to the backs on Saturday Fish would have snored more than once, but as things went he was terribly neglected and never bad a chance worth going for. Isherwood played much better, Flockenhall being the failure of the three-quarter line. lie lacks th 3 speed and dash necessary co be a try. getter of valne, though, of course, he would do more with better centre play. The centre depends on the half-bicks, and until they feed the men behind War- rington will go on losing matches. Hallam again played well, and was never at fault. The forwards were over- weighted and this tpld in the latter portion ot the gam2.

The Rangers are not a bad team, and have a strong speedy lot of backs, if not very scientific. The two James's give the men behind heaps of chances and they would have to be poor indeed to miss them all. There was as much difference as b2tween chalk and cheese between the style of the two pairs of hatves and the unselfishness of the home couple won them the match when they had less opportunity than their opponents.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
•••.•••.•••...,........••••

NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL• Earlestown Water Supply. --- Mr. W. Collingwooi presided over the monnly meet- ing of the above authority which was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday afternoon. There wera also present Messrs C BFB won, T Ormand, J W Emmett, E T Evans, J Fitzgerald, E L Bent, W Gilmour J Simpson, Dr. Patterson, A Smith, F J Wood, C Cole (clerk), T 12,4wes (surveyor), Lloyd (gas and water engineer).

THE CEMETERY CHAPEL.

At a meeting of the Cemetery Committee held on September 17,,h, Mr. J. Simpson presiding, the Chair- man reportcd that the sut-Committee appointed on the 23rd August last had met and had accepted the tender of Mr. Peter Bradshaw amouating to £2B 191 0,1 for slating the roof of the Cemetery Chapel and for other repairs, and that Mr. Bradshaw had been ordered to proceed with the work.

- Oa the naotba of Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Evans, the minutes were confirmed. GAS COMMITTEE. INFRACTION OF REGULATIONS. WORKMEN'S EIOURS.

A meeting of the Gas Committee was held on the 17:h September, when lettera were rag(' from Mr. R. Forbes Carpenter, Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Alkali 5z..1.. Works. with respect to the infraction of the provisions of section 9of the Works Regulation Act in the manu- facture ot sulphate of ammonia at the Gas Works, and stating that the correspondence on the matter would be laid before the Local Government Board. It was resplved that the matter be left in the hands of the Chairman of the Committee

The Clerk read a letter, signed by 17 workmen employed by the Council at the Gas Work. asking the Committee to grant them leave to finish wcrk at 12 noon on Siturdays, instead of at 1 p.m. It was resolved that the matter he referred to the Gas Works Extension Committee, with instructions to COG- sider the same and report thereon. It was resolved that the chairman of th. Council, the chairman of this Committee, and Councillors Borron, Ormand, and Smith, be appointed as a deputation to wait upon Mr A C Leslie, agent to the Right Hon. Lord Newton, in connection with the making of the new road from Crow-lane to Wargrave-road. The minutes were approved. THE WATER SUPPLY.

The members of the Water Committee met on the 17th ult. under the presidency of Mr. C. B. F. Borron. The engineer's monthly report was read, from which it ap- peared—(a) That the water mains having become foul and rough on tine inside, owing to friction, a higher pressure than specified had to b 3 exerted by the pump- ing engines, with the result that the supply had been maintained. (b) That the engineer recommended that the water main in Park-road be continued to meet the main opposite the cemetery, for the purpose of supnlv- ing water to Earlestown, at an estimated cost of £270, the distance being 650 vars. It was resolved that the recommendation of the en- gineer as to the extension of the water main from Park- road to the main Qpposite the cemetery, be adopted, and the work be carried out by the Council. At a meeting of the committee held prior to the Coun- cil meeting it was resolved that John Laird be appointed night foreman at the salary of 275 per week. The minutes were confirmed. HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE.

At the meeting of this committee the surveyor sub- mitted to the committee a plan, which he had prepared by direction of the committee, for the reconstruction of Bradlegh Bridge, and for repairs to the abutments. It was resolved that the plan be generally approved, and that the clerk write to the Warrington Rural District Council, and ask whether they are prepared to pay half the cost of the proposed improvement. It was resolved that the plan, specification, and estimate of the cost of kerbing and channelling Wargrave-road,which had been

- , a .

prepared by the surveyor, and now submitted to the committee, be approved, and that the work bs ordered tri be proceeded with. It was resolved that the following building plans be approved, viz :—Number 1199, Mr George Finning,26 cottages, Bircti-screet ; number 1201. Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., house and shop and three lock-up shops and Public Hall, Wargrave-road. It was resolved that the following tenders be accepted : —That of Mr Harry Fairclough, Meisey House, War- rington, amounting to £44. 104, for the erection of can- ned ; that of Messrs George Salter and Co., of West Bromwich, amounting co £l7 10 , for the supply of a cement testing machine and apparatus; that of Messrs Ham, Baker, and Co., of Westminster, for the supply of guide posts at 453 03Cil ; that of Mr Edward Woolley„ of Church, near Accrington, amounting to £6 6i Si, for the supply of 100 name plates ; and that of Mr Joseph Markland, of Crow-lane, amounting to £l9 103 for the supply of a new cart for the nigtitsoil department--A letser was read signed by Messrs D Forrester and D Williams (Conomln Lookers), calling the attention of the Council to an alleged encroachment on roadside waste and COMMO3 land b tween the highway and Dingle Farm, and it was resolvei that the Clerk send a copy of the letter to Mr A C Leslie, agent to the Right Hon. Lord Newton, with a view of steps being taken to remove the fence.—The Committee resolved that the Surveyor be directed to prepare plan and estimate of the cost of draining the sanitary depot into the sewer in Crow-lane. Toe minutes were passed. SOU fEi LANCASHIRE TRAMWAYS.

A meeting of the General Purposes Committee was held on the 17th ult, Mr. Collingwood in the chair. A. letter, dated the 7th instant, was read from Messrs. F. J. Leslie and Co., the solicitors Co the South Lancashire Tramways Co., enclosing plans shewing the places its this District wnere the Company propose to widen the roads in pursuance of the clauses agreed with the Council, and asking for the approval of the Council to the proposed vridenings. I: was resolved that the Sur- veyor be instructed to report to the meeting of the Com- mittee to be held on the Ist October with respect thereto • also that the application of the South Lance- shiro Electric Supply Co., Ltd.. for a Provisional Order unier the Eieccric Lighting Acts, be considered at that Meeting.

The minutes were confirmed. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
• _' - • altoit • , . ,• - - ..r.7111F,C-1:` - Alf •

matmlm mwfm-

t •-•

===== 0002601_19001005_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN• [BY A CORRHSPONDENT.] FOOTBLLL.

The defeat Earlestown sustained on Saturday at the hands of Southport Central did not go down at all well with their supporters. After having vanqished Darwen,and Uhorley,they naturally anti— cipated easily overcoming the Sandgrounders, but their cherished hopes ot another couple of points received a rune shock, the whistle blowing with Earlestown in a minority of a single goal. The winning goal was not obtained until the last few minutes when a draw seemed assured, and the spectators were beginning to leave the ground. Thei point was obtained more by good luck than good judgment as C3ttam had the misfortune to head. through his own goal. However it was no more than the Central deserved for they simply ran away with the homesters,and would have won by a muchi larger majority, had not Chew been in his best humour. He kept goal in splendid fashion saving shot after shot in every conceivable position. The quality of his play can be judged from the fact that for fully a quarter of an hour at a stretch in the first half, the Central were simply shooting in at Earlesto wn.

For to-morrow's match with Ifaydock, the team. has been slightly re-Hganised. Linton takes his place as centre forward again, and Leach re-appears at inside left, whilst the right wing consists of IThitehouse and Bartley. Earlestowu should have) noldifficulty in getting into the second round.

Newton and Warrington must either have beett in a scoring mood or else the defence on both sides was not equal to the attacks of the forwards, no less than six goals being scored. Each side claimed three of these so that the match ended in a draw, Newton, no doubt, being quite satisfied with this, as very few teams will visit,Arpley and come away with points.

The Rovers were without.a fixture and are again resting to-morrow.

Untiassifteb abertisientents

VVrANTHD. GIRL, about 13; washing put out.-31rr CRAM, 13, Willis-street, Warrington.

NIT ANTED Young GIRL to help in house generally.— Apply MRS. FRAME, 6. Lauderdale-street, Preston.

VfTANTED, a young GIRL. 15 or 16, as housemaid, Address by letter, .300, Moss LANE JSAST, Manchester.

WANTED SERVANT WOMAN, able to milk; 7s per week. Mrs WALKER, Dixon's Farm, Fulwood, Pres- ton.

vYrANIUID plain COOK able to wash. Family three. Good wages. Apply Mrs COSGRAVE, Bradshaw, Brow. Bolton.

WANTS"), respectable GIRL, about 15; no washing good home.-17, ST. BSEs-sTitEEr, Moss bide, Man— cheste.r.

WANTBD. young GIRL as HELP in small country house; good home ; easy situation.—Mrs. HILL, Wood-lane, Gateaere.

WANTRD at once, clean active GIRL. about 16, to assist in house, no children, 134, &DICKE:MN-ROAD, Hull- holme, Manchester.

WANTED. COOK-GRN1310.1., experienced; also House- maid Waitress; family tour.—Mrs. SimPsox,Cowley- hill-lane, St. Helens.

‘VANTED, GENERAL SERVANT at once, 18 to 25; two children good home.—Apply MRS ToPPlNG,Plumber BAatwell, Blackburn.

ADIES in want ot good WOTHRILL* and ROUSH- LI MAIDS apply Select Rekistry, Mrs. STANWORTII. Station-road, Oaken Gates, Shropshire.

WE ANTED, good GENERAL, by October 11, able to, wash and do plain cooking; small family; references required.-4, HOWARD-DRIVE, Orassendale, near Liverpool.

WANTED. COOK or COUK-G+lll,ll3ltAL, for small family ; housemaid kept ; age 22 to 28 ; wages £2o. Apply by letter. WooDLEIGIt, Alderley lidge. Blanchester.

WANTBD HOUSIMAID with good references, and Working Barmaid, trustworthy, also Cooks, and Superior Generals, Miss unauLEs. Legh-street, Warrington.

ANTIM, respectable, strong YOUNG IVOSIAN, for email bailee and shop ; tradesman and boa; good home for suitable persoa.—DvaLs, Furniture Dealer, Hyde road, Mauenester, S.H.

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT, by family of three to do the washing; must be clean and willing, good home.--WAte wages, age, references, is.. to E latiOdSE, S. Catpbridge.-road bale.

ASSISTANT MASTIIIi WANTHD for Boy's School. for Class of Standard 11., and Assistant gistress, tor Class ot Standard 1. tonic and drawing. Apply ItEcroa, St. James's, “orton, Manchester.

WANTBD DAIRY OF MILK delivered on rail near St. Helens. state price al.l particulars to W. j. HOUGHTON. Home Farm Dairy, Bold, t Helens.

_ APAIIT!dENTti, reasonable cbargea.—BUßßOWC, 11, Stan- ley Terrace, Windermere.

VULt.III6HII) A.PAIVIMBNTS to be Let near the DEMPSTER, Daisy Bank tearin. Middleton, near More- c%',

TANIbI3 Ak'Alti2.llnNlS in Warrington, partly to use Its office. send terms to lidc 1u LoNsDALE, Public Hall, Wigan.

BAIiaIOUTLI (Ripon li.ouse)! —Conitortaule Apar;aneuts ; every oonvenieuce ; two minutes' Walk trum sea and statiou.—MrS.

NiuixTres.AL4JZ.N,DNisVestoohrnaceir.—,Cho4mt.towrotartbhie BAutsil orteinvoeun.ths,i—re rod; nice locitaty ; good beds.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey House, Lord-street. North Shore. Llose to statl..u, Aram', and sea. (Lata oL 13ewsey-road, Warringtou.

.IV.l"eoußiklAtall„ BHMraWH.B.a.—itTlii.°h:mY eilt. AjeAnt,niTiuMdilteNr-ir.o6aCt trite ut izaviug lerrnee). btamp reply.

A,l NIiLbUN 110 U 11Eillt RD AND CLOUGH, 109, lialmural-road, Lit itegent-road. Yublie, private, uomely, cleau. Yiauo.

TSLB OF MN.—J. CHALMERS,junr., 3, Nuttord-place, 1 Castle Moha Avenue, off Promenade, Douglas aria a few yards [rem shore. AL'AitlaihiNTo with or without laoard. J3eds without board Zs per night.

O'6 GRAND ;CIRCUS, WARRINGTON, 1112umuot GREAT CHAMiti Or' UUMPANY. MONuAY OUTOBER AND EVERY PERFORMANCR. GREAT IiNUAGEMENT OF THE MARVELLOUS SAXON TRIO. The Strongest Men on Barth, all Warrington must see this limed show. Engagement of MONS, VELESTO Daring Gymnast OIL— ER/410Z Wonderful Performing DUOS. BROTHRHS ANTONIA, MISS ANNETTS' FUNNY- SAMMY, Ult. AlilllitAbON, MISS SWALLOW. And 20 other Star Performers and Laughable Contests. Day Performance SATURDAY, at a o'clock.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19001005_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
. , ,„... • , , , . , . - . * ------------77,-. ~..-• - • i . . .. , . . , _ .. _ . . - . '_,1.1-• . , ~ , ~.. , . ..,._ ..-1,-", :' • : - -,......-',",-;4.:',,,,,,;:j:,%44*-2-..i-":- •• ''.,-. -- - • ~.., :,•,- ~, .• . , ' .• • ~, ,:.:4,..2.-.,2,4, ••.,,,i_Alt,.t.: 1 ,• •.,'. ~ • :.. -• ••,„ •,, :( „ ~ -.0..,., . , ,-„,.:,,,,,, , ~,. _ .„..,. ._ .• .! ...,„; , , , AglioNlehteiv . ......... Itki‘• ''''

PLEASANT PARAGRAPET

HOT-HEADED—A volcano. FERRYBOATS are built for cross purposes. DON'T believe all who agree with you; some people are bored by argument. NONE but the brave deserve the fair, and tiny cannot always support them. ONE half the world doesn't know how the other half lives on its husband's salary. SOME women will use a hammer to drive a tack, but most of them prefer a hair-brush. Soma men smile as though it were a greab favour to the world. As excellent cure for sleeplessness is to run over the names of your creditors. THE only lucky thing there is about the horse- shoe over the door is that it doesn't drop on your head. "IT beats all how some people spend money." " Yes ; and it beats all how some people get money to spend." MOST people are not content merely to draw their own inferences; they have to colour them as well.

EVERY man is fond of striking the nail on the head, but when it happens to be his finger-nail his enthusiasm becomes wild and incoherent. WHEN two brothers marry girls in the same family it is a sign that if there are many more girls in the family, they are worth going after. "HAS your aunt's will been proved yet ?" "No. There is so much trouble about the pesky thing that I almost wish aunt had never died.": WHEN some people fancy they know a thing or two they think they have finished their educa- tion.

: "It is not good for man to be alone." She (bored): "Then, hadn't you better go home to your mother?" FIRST YOUNG MATRON—" And why did she choose him among so many admirers?" Second young matron : "The others did not propose." PHOTOGRAPHER—" Now, try to look like your. (Noting the cfr,ct)—" Well, er—h' na—wry to look like somebody else." VISITOR (at the picnic)—" The music is rather indifferent. It isn't a full band ?" Chairman of committee of arrangements—" N o ; but it's getting full."

"Beautiful day !" observed the first pedestrian, brightly, as they passed. "Yes." admitted the chronic grumbler, reluctantly; "but how imp- propiate to the season of the year I" MAY "Miss Passay has some peculiar opin- ions." Bertha: " Yes ; I think she is the only _ one who considers it singular that she should be single." BOY (who has been watching angler for anabout hour) : "You ain't caught anything, 'ave?" yer stranger: "No, not yet, my boy." Boy: "There -wasn't no water in that pond till it rained yester- day." "PROUD BEAUTY," said he, his black eyes flash- ing ebon lightening, "I will yet bring you to the dust." "Why not bring the dust to me?" she asked. And he started for Klondike. A TEST OF INFLUENCE.—Irene: "She seems to have very little influence with her husband." May: " Indeed ?" Irene: "Yes, she never can get him to spend more than he can afford." His CONCLUSION.—Papa: "Why, no! I haven't any hard feelings towards any of my old school teachers." George: "What a long time it must be, papa, since you went to school !' "REMEMBER one thing I am about to tell you," said Senator Sorghum to the ambitious young man. "It is a rule that is well worth remember- ing." "What is it, sir?" "Never do anything that your conscience may reproach you for. Hire somebody else to do it." "Doctor," said a wealthy patient, "I want you to be thorough and strike at the root of the disease." "I will," said the doctor, and brought his stick down with a smash on a decanter stand. ing on the sideboard. PATIENT: "I have a habit of talking in my sleep, doctor.". Physician: "You sleep alone, dc you not?" "Yes.' "Then I don't see that talk. ing in your sleep is a serious matter." DON'T STOP GROWING.—A little girl brought a basket of strawberries to the clergyman early on a Monday morning. Clergyman: Thank you very much, Jessie; indeed they are beautiful, but I hope you didn't gather them yesterday, on the Lord's day?" Jessie: "No, sir. I pulled them this morning. But they was growin' all day yesterday." Ms. Romenz—" I tell you what, a baby brigh. ' tens up the house, and that's a fact." Mr. Prac. tickel—" Yes; we've had to keep the gas burning all night ever since ours was born." ONE of the funniest things in life is a man who thinks there is a bare chance that the girl whom he adores may like him eventually, when the girl in question has been carefully drawing in the line for a week, and is all ready to land him. "I DO so enjoy being at sea, away out of sight of land," said the ingenue. "It is romantic," assented the scubrette. "I hadn't thought of that. But when I look all around and see the horizon at . the same distance everywhere, there comes over me a delightful sensation of occupying the centre of the stage." A GENEROUS THOUGHT. Employer: "You -wee late this morning, Henry." Office Boy: "Yes, sir." Employer: "Did you forget to mention it to me ?" Office Boy: "No, air. But I didn't -want to deprive you of the pleasure of being the first to speak of it. MRS. KELLY: "So they sint yure poor little 'Timmy t' Us' refarm-school ? Sich a good choild, too." Mrs. Grady : "Shure, an' he wor thot, Mrs. Kelly. Ivirything thot darlint iver shtole he'd bring roight home t' his mother. He wor thot good Oi wor goin' t' make a priesht out av

"Tills watch—" began the man. "Yes," interrupted the watchmaker, seizing it and rapidly opening it. "I see ; it wants thoroughly cleaning, and—" "Why," roared the man, "that's the new watch my wife bought here yesterday, and I want to exchange it for a larger size." " Oh— ah—um—yes. Certainly, sir," mumbled the watch- maker. Judge B— fell down a flight of stairs, re- cording his passage in a bump on every stair, until he reached the bottom. A servant ran to his assistance, and, raising him up, said—" I hope your honour is not hurt?" " No," said the judge, sternly, "my honour is not hurt, but my head is." A SEA HORSE.—The captain of a vessel wished to purchase a horse, and applied to a dealer, who sold him one. After the purchase had been com- pleted the sailor observed, " Well, now the horse is mine, tell me candidly whether he has any faults, and what they are." "What do you mean to do with him ?" asked the other. " Why to take him to sea," said the captain, "to the West Indies." "Then I will be candid," said the dealer, "he may go very well at sea, but on land he won't go at, all !" As TILE TWIII IS BENT—The inspector, on one of his periodical visits, asked a number of questions of the pupils in a school about the little things in the world. "How many seed compartments are there in an apple?" he asked, and "On which jaw has the cow her teeth ?" with several similar questions. to which the pupils could make no reply. The next day one of the teachers was amused to overhear the following conversation among the pupils in the play-yard. A little girl said, gravely, to some of her companions about her: "Now, children, let us play I am the super- intendent. You've got to know more about common things; if you don't, you will all grow up to be fools. Now tell me," she said, looking sternly at a playmate, "how many feathers has a hen ? "

---- - FARMING IS BEST —An American farmer, who was posses,ed ot some means, entered the office of his local paper, and asked for the editor. The farmer was accompanied by his son, a youth of seventeen years, and as soon as the editor came forward, spoke as follows :—" I came ter git some information." Editor: "Certainly. Be seated." The farmer sat on one end of the table, while his son skit on the floor. "This boy o' mine want ter go into the literary business, an' I thought you'd know ef thar wuz any money in it or not. It's good business, ain't it ?" Editor (hesitatingly) "Why—yes. I've been in it myself for fifteen years, and you see where I've gotto." The farmer eyed him from head to foot, glanced around the poorly-furnished office, surveyed the editor once more, then, turning to his son, who was still sitt- ing on the floor, said :—" Git up, John, an' go home, an' go back ter plowin' ! " UNCONQUERABLE.

A Plain Statement of Facts. Vt-no's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doc- tors thembe:yes at licme and abroad, becauFe they recognise in It a scientific remedy possessing the greatest therap( uric value, and a quick cure for all ailments arisiag from a diseased condition of the stomach, liver. kidneys and blood. It possesses marvellous tonic And strengthening power. is. Id. and 24. 9d. Sold by Boot's Limited,Kaowles Warringtcm, Peake, Earlestown and Newton, Weston and Co.. Itonivwri Foggitt Widnes and all Cbemiots.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONE.

There is only one "First in a race, and it is acknow- ledged without doubt that GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, The Vegetable Tonic, is Toe Best Remedy of the Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion ,Lass of Appetite, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Low Spirits, and Influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease,and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists and promotes digestion, and improves the appetite. It braees the nerves and fortifies the muscles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ; it removes all impurities and obstructions from the human body, and gives tone to the whole system. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the formula in- cludes the Tonic properties of Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender,and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine, and is suitable to all ages, from the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote themselves to study and brain woik, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to those who breathe impure air, and all who have to stand exposure of ithe weather. People that suffer from brain fag and sleeplessness, who feel" out of sorts" and "run down," fiud rapid and permanent relief Fr m the use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties continually at their furthest stretch, and life is all hurry and worry. Little wonder it is that this extreme ten- sion leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these hard-worked tubers require an extra susten- ance for body and brain. Now, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible teeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about this renowned preparation—lst, used by the medi- cal profession ; 2nd, a purely vegetable compound ; ; 3rd, absolutely free from mercury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; sth, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the public, but they may be classified under two heads --The Best and the Rest. GWILYM EVA.NS' QUININE BITTERS IS THE BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the name "Gwilym Evans" on the label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 911. and 4ee 6d.or in cases con- taining three 4s. 6il. bottles at 12s. 6d. per case. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Pro- prietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

THE WARRINGTON SHOOTING CASE.-PRISONER DISCHARGED.

A youth named Arthur Jonea, again appeared at the Warrington Polies Court on Monday, on the charge of unlawfully wounding Annie Beatrice Stewart by snoot- ing her with a pistol in Bridge-street, at 8.15 on Thursday evenirm.—The Chief Constable stated that prisoner was a 'bus guard in the employ of the Warring- ton Carriage Gampany and was on duty on the Latch- ford route. At 815 on Thursday night the 'bus made a journey from Latchford to Warrington and girl Stewart was a passenger. Like maus. other little servant girls she kept up a sort of nodding and giggling acquaintance with the guard and they exchanged certain pleasantries. Subsequently the prisoner produced a small pistol and said to the girl "If you say that I'll shoot you," at the same time pointing the pistol at her. There was an ex- plosion and Stewart found she had been shot in the cheek. The prisoner made no attempt to evade the police and when charged said it was a pure accident. Of courie nothing had transpired to prove that it was an accident. The bullet had not yet been extracted but the girl was quite out of danger and out of pain. As it was tin prisoner's first appearance and it was the firs:: criminal case that had come bafore the Bench since Warrington became a County Borough be begged leave to withdraw the case. Prisoner was accordingly dis- charged. A VIOLENT TIIIEF.—Two POLICEMEN SAVAGELY ASSAULTED.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before Mr F Monks and other magistrates.Jobn Broderick.of fown Hill,was charged with stealing from the stall of Rebecca Locker, in the Market Place, at 10 p.m. on Saturday, a tame pigeon of the value of eightpence.—He was further charged with assaulting P.C.'s Leonard and Frank Cooper at the same time.—The Chief Constable said that P C. Leonard noticed the prisoner going about the Market from stall to stall in a suspicious manner. Be kept handling articles whieh he had no in:ention of buy- ing. The officer eventually saw him go to Mrs Locker's stall, take a pigeon out of a crate and walk away. Prisoner was arrested, and he became very violent. Be kicked the constable and made strenuous efforts to es- cape. Leneard sent for assistance and Police Con- stable Cooper came on the scene. He was also kicked about the ribs and legs, and the prisoner said he would '"do twelve months for him." It took the united efforts of thren officers and a civilian to get the man to the Police Station. He was an incorrigible offender, having been before the Bench 15 times. Ho was an inveterate market thief, and had had three months for stealing a till from the market. The Bench committed the prisoner to t aol for a month for the theft, and five months for the assaults.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

PRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Hutchinson and Heaton, Councillors Smethurst and J Roberts and Messrs F Monks. Geddes. Chandley, R T F4irclough, 3 H Gornall, Hayward, Thornton awl Wright.

THEFT or EGGS.—Two small boys named Albert Douglas, Golden Grove-street; and Joseph Bradbury, 43. Hoyle-street, were charged with stealing from a yard in Golden Grove- street, a dzen eggs, the property of William Chantry.--The facts of the case were to the effect that the prisoners were employet by Mr Chantry and the cares containing eggs, arrived in Golden Grove-street on Wednesday morning. The first prisoner was seen to take a number of eggs from one case and was at OTICS9 arrested and made a statement impli- cating the otlpr boy.—Prisoners were sentenced to twelve Rtrokes with the birch an I were ordered to be detained in the cells until six o'clock in the evening.

DErstaunuso THE RAILWAY CoNIPA.N7Y.—TiIIen Podmore, Rush Greet, Lvmm, was charged wit's travelling on the London and North-Western Railway from Warrington to Latchford without paying the fare on the 29th of August.— Mr. Fenna who appeared:on behalf of the Railway Com- pany said the defendant, who resided in Lymm, was constantly coming to Warrington on business, Her habit had been for some ti.me plat to take a return ticket from Lymm to Latchford and on arriv- ing at Arpley, Warrington, pay 10 excess fare. On return- ing she did not pay the fare from Warrington to Latchford, and gave up the return half of the Latchford ticket at Lymm —Evidence having been given, defendant was fined 108 and costs (El 4s 63 in all). UNHAPPY MARRIED LIFE—WEARING ONE SHIRT FOR THREE WEEKS.—Thomas Slater, 210, Winwick-road,was sum- moned by his wife, Frances Slater, for assaulting her ou the 22nd instant—Complainant stated that her husband struck her and also seized her by the throat. He was always drinking.—Defendant made allega- tions against his wife. and informed the Bench that he had been wearing one shirt for three weeks. His wife ran him into debt and this last week he had been living on bread and snargarine. He gave his wife all his wages and she kep the house in a very filthy condition.—P.S. Cheeney said that when he served the summons the house was very dirty ant people in the neighbourhood said this was the cause of the infelicity between defendant and his wife.—The magistrates dismissed the case on both parties promising to live peace- ably together. MONDLY.—Before Mr F Monks (in the chair), Alderman Heaton, Councillor Smethurst, and Messrs Hayward, Wright and Thornton. PECULIAR CONDUCT—John O'Reilly, white address Was given as the Coffee House Inn, was charged with having been drunk in Sankey-street on Sunday morniag —P.C. (K) Coo er said he heard some whistling and shouting in Sankey-street and earns across the defendant, who said to him ; " Where am I ? Am I in Scotland?" He told him that he was in Warrington, and he said : '• I will show you how we fetch the police in Scotland," and commenced to whistle and shout. Witness could make nothing of him and had to take him to the Police Station.—The Chief Con- stable . His efforts to fetch the police were a success in Warringtc.n.—Alderman Heaton: And they fetched him.— A fine of -..'s 6d was imposed. UNJUST ScaLv.s.—Sarnuel Silcock, C artwright-street was charged with using unjust scales on September 15th.— Inspector Place said that the scales produce i, which were unjust, were used by a boy in the employ of the defendant in the selling of fruit in Pierpointostreet. Defendant had only a fortnight before been cautioned for using scales which were not stamped. The scales in this instance were not stamped.—Defendant said the boy had taken the scales out without his knowledge. No L.GaT —William Young, carter, Bank-atreet, was fined 2s 61 for not having a lighted lamp attached to his vehicle in Borough-road on the night of September 20th.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MoNDlY.—Beforo Messrs F. J. Norman (in the chair), and S. Taylor. LICENSING BUSINE3B.—Geor4o Parkin was granted the transfer of the liaence to the Royal Oak, Weston, lately held by William Henry Ackerley.—Mrs Kearon was grant3d tem- porary authority to sell at the Cleveland Hotel, Oreenway- road, lately held by her deceased busband.—Similar autho- rity was granted to William Fitzsimmons to sell at the Friendship Tavern. EXEMPTION FROM VACCIvATION.—John James Hallwood,63, Balfour-road, Runcorn, applied for a certtficate exemptimz his daughter from vaccination. In reply to the Magistrates' Clerk, the applicant said he conscientiously believed that vaccination would be prejudicial to the health of the child. His oldest boy. after he was vaccinated, suffered from eczema, and he had had two cases since. He obtained an exemption certificate for the last child, and it had been the healthiest of the family. The exemption was granted. A SHOP LIFTER 130UND OvEß.—Mary Annie Spruce, aged 17, was charged with stealing a fur, value 23s lid, the property of Thomas Leach, Church-street, Runcorn, on the 29th September.—Dora Stubbs, assistant to the prosecutor, stated that between 12 and 12-30 on Satu:clay prisoner came into the millinery department of Mr. Leach's shop and asked to look at some furs. Witness took four or five furs out of the window and showed them to the prisoner. She (prisoner) then said there was a particular one In the window she would like to look at—a brown one. Witness went to the window

to get two or three more furs, and after examining them prisoner said she had to go to another place with some sage she carried in a basket, and she left the shop. As soon as she had left witness missed the fur produced, the nric, of which was 233 11d. She informed Mr. Leach of what had taken place, and subsequently told P.C. Nicholls. The prisoner was subsequently found, and P.C. Nicholls found she had the fur underneath her cape in a cloth. Prisoner then asked the constable to forgive her, and she would never do it again. She said her father would kill her. The prisoner Was then taken to the police station.—P.O. Nicholls cor- roborated. The prisoner denied that she had the fur three times. She said she found it on the shop floor. When charged she said " I did take it. It's the first thing I ever took."—Mr. Burton, who apreared for the prisoner, said she pleaded guilty, and was sorry for having c,mmitted the offence in a moment of temptation. She assured him it was her intention to have taken the fur back before she met the officer.—Superintendent Pearson said the prisoner had E 1 lie lid upon her when she was arrested. —The Bench bound • the prisoner over to come up for judgment when called upon. Tsx, BENEFIT or THE DOIMT.—John Harmer, carter, in the employ of the Wilderspool Thewery Company Warring- ton, was summoned for being asleep whilst in charge of a horse and lorry at Sutton on the 21st September. —Sergeant Bennett gave evidence in support of the charge.—Defendant denied on oath that he was asleep, and the Bench gave him the benefit of the doubt and dismissed the case. A. SCENE AT WESTON POINT. —J . Bailey was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Weston on the 29ch September and also with assaulting P o.'s Wylie a-ad Rowlands. whilst in the execution of their duty.—Lilian Constance Grounds stated that she was in charge of the bar at the Doak Hotel on Saturday 'sight, and saw the prisoner there. She did not hear him ask for any drink. A man named Savage came in and he started talking to the prisoner on political questions. Savage said" Good health to Pope. and God bless him," and prisoner retorted with some on complimentary language about the same personage. A glass was then smashed, and the pol;ce at length ejected the prisoner In reply to Superintendent Pearson, witness said ' she did not hear the prisoner make a deroga- tory remark aboat the Qeeen. Savage was a pro- testant.—Police Constable Wylie said he heard a smash of glans and went into the bar of the Dock Hotel. Mrs. Grounds, the landlady, asked witness to put the prisoner out,and as be refused to leave quietly,he ejected him. Prisoner said he would have his revenge, referring to Savage, and as he declined to go away. witness and Police Constable Rowlands got hold of him and took him to his own house. Prisoner bourne very violent, and kicked witness on the knee. He put him done on his back and prisoner tried to kick him in the face, but witness" ducked " and prisoner caught him on the side of the ncek. They got him to his house and he then rushed at Rowlands and picked him on the knee. Rowlands closed with him and they put him into his house a second time. He came out again and said he would have his revenge, and they were obliged at length to lo3k him up.—Palice Constable Rowlands corrobsted. The prisoner, it was stated had hitherto borne a good character.— The prisoner was fined ss. and costs in each case, raaaing a total of £1 136 6d, or, in default,2l days' hard labour. " NELLIE " AND "ELLEN A DISTINCTION —Ellen Brown- ing, of he Anchor Inn, Brunswick-street, appeared before the Bench with an application to sanction the alteration of her name In licence. from Nellie Browning to Ellen Brown- ing. The magistrates' clerk (dr. Johnson)lsaid the Excise authorities had found that the name Nellie Browning was not correct, and they had refused to grant the excise until the name was altered in the Justices certificate.—Applicant said she gave her name as Nellie Browning when she applied for the licence, but it, was a mistake.—Mr. Johnson said she sho Id be more careful in such matters. The bench granted the application, and the name was altered. •

===== 0002601_19001005_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER ARMY SCANDAL. --- Many Medals but no Pension.

A Hero of Thirty-Five Battles

Tan" Cardiff Times " prints an astonishing example of War Office dispermitioes, and one which ,pparenuy needs looking into. An old soldier of the Mutiny, a veteran of China, India, and Afghanistan. holding no leas than five g .01 coniuct badges, and wearing (says our contemporary), more medals than an.; other man iti Wales, is abeotutely neeiected by an ungrateful country, an I receives no a p:snne f pensioa to his old age. It is admi:ted that this man—James Vett, han—lotn- rnitted in the coivse of his military career one small breach of discipline : but this is, surely, no muse for the callous neglect with which the War Office has treated him. He en lees; no banes ab:m the fault chereei against him—which is certainly no a grave matter. The following is his statement of the case : In the year 1883 I was home on furlough, got mar- ried, and ovemayed my leave. When I returned to re- join my regiment, which I did in the usual way in uniform, a regimental police officer saw me, and know- ing I was overdue took me in charge. For this breach ' of discipline, and the only occasion I teceived any pun- ishment, for I bold five good conduct badges, I had to , forfeit my right t ) a pension. "I havd made repeated applications to the War Office authorities, and amongst otives wrote to the Marquis of Hartington, the then Secretary for War, who as you know is now Duke of Devonshire, in order to get the sentence of the cour--martial nullified, but to no avail. " Yes," continued the voteran, in reply to a question. " I have appliel for the p•snsion given to Indian Mutiny veterans, and as I went through the Indian Mutiny I cannot be deprived of that and lam looking forward to receiving one of these days my 101. a day on this score. In aidition I shall by-and-bye come in for nay old ago pension, to which also I am entitled." "In the meantime, how are things going on with you ? "asked the "Cardiff Times" reporter. "I cannot complain. I am now in the enjoyment of vary good health, and follow my employment regularly as a labourer at the Barry D)cks, but of course I have to take care of my health. Some time ago I found my- self suffering from pains in the back,across the kidneys, ' and in the head. At times I felt as if I could lie down and never get up again; but as I have a wife and family to look after I could not afford to be laid UD. A friend of mine, some two and a half or three years ago, advised me to take Dr.Willianre pink pills for pale peeple. I had tried many remedies before without receiving satisfactory results, hut on my friend's advice I got a box of these pills, and they put me right at once. "This is the only remedy I can get to k ‘op me in a proper state of health. I always keep them in toe house and I believe them to be the very best medicine in the world any Man, woman, or child can take. They have prevented my beine laid up at home, as I should have been had I not the right thing handy. They are splen- did things for the appetite too, for if I c anuot eat a crust one day, after taking a couple of Dr Williams' pink pills I can eat a couple of pounds of dry bread [be next morning." Vaughan. who has fought in thirty-five engagements, lives at present at 27, Hirwain-street, Barry Docks. Be spent twenty-one years and eleven months in India, and in a" Tit Bits " competition for the veterans who had been in the greatest number of battles he tosk a prize. He served under Havelock. Outram. Gordon, and Lord Roberts, and was twenty-six years with the colours, being twice wounded: and his reward from a grateful country is the privilege of earning his own living as best he can, without a penny of help from the nation. It is fortunate that at his age (he is sixty-five) he has been able to maintain his health by the means he describes so candidly : but in this respect he is only one in a mighty army of old men and young men, children, and women of all ages, who have owned their in- debtedness to Dr. Williams' pink pills. They cure the rheumatism and faulty digestion so common in old persons; but they alio) have a sovereign efficacy against lament's, the bane of the young, consumption, sciatica, paralysis, and the disorders which affi ct only women.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

The Horse and Jockey Club.

A very enjoyable meeting was held at the Horse and Jockey Inn the other evening to ot!lpbrate toe cloie of the bowling season. The President—Councillor Wilkie- son—occupiosd the cnair, and distributed toe prizes, which were numerous. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr. Marshall, of the London and N irth Western Loco- motive Department, and the vice-presidents ia attendance were Councillor Peacock and Messrs. Joeeph Wilkinson and B. Chadwick. About 60 guests were al-® in attendance. After an excellent repast, well served by the hostess, several songs were randered by the Hon. Secretary (dr. Humphreys), including" I fear no foe," " The Village Blacksmith," " The old Soldier," " The Swanee Rivrr," and "The Skipper." The humorous part of the programme was supplied by Mr. Fiddlar. with his Lancashire songs and dances. o:her songs were rendered by Mr. G. Higham. Mr. Hope was the acco npanist. At the close of the meeting a hearts, vote of thanks was accorded to the host and hostess, Mr and Mrs Rashwortb, to which the host suitably responded. Several toasts were proposed including " Toe Queen and Royal Family,"" The President," and "The Com- mittee.' Toe proceedings passed very pleasantly. Picnic to Acton Bridge.

As there is no bawling green attachei to the new Midland Hotel, Warrington, Mr- Sim Wakefield, the landlord, decided to take those of his friends fond of the popular summer game and others to the Railway Hotel, Acton; Bridge. Saturday last was the day fixed,and the weather being favourable a pleasant outing was the result. The party,to the number of about 50,journeyed to the hotel in brakes supplied by the Carriage Com- pany, the route taken being through Stretton. Arrived at Acton Bridge, a main of bowies was arranged, and play w,s soon in full swing, the green, although it is a comparatively new one, being in excellent condition. It is most pleasantly situated, and the hotel joins Acton Bridge Station. There was some very good play in one or two cascs, and some exciting finishes. There were 42 entries. Shortness of time, however, prevented the main being brought to a finish. Various prizes were offered. The players and others subsequently sat down toan excellent repast, supplied by Mr John R Reading, the lanalord,and later on the party returned to Warring- ton, all voting that the outing had been a very success- ful and happy one.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow' Soothing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 2bildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural cutlet steep, oy relieving the child from pain n d the Rue cherub awakes "as frightias a button." Of all Chemists is lid per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held in the Council Chamber at the fowls Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday evening. Tne Mayor (Alderman Roberts) presided, and there were also present :—Aldermen Sutton, Heaton, Francomh, autchinsoo, Councillors Shaw Green, numpton, Tinnion, Bennett, Davies, James Evans,John Evans, Baird, Farshaw, Greening, Peacock, Ellison, Rogers, A J Jolley, Burton, A Jolley, with Mr J Lyon Wnittle, (town clerk), Mr Stanley Wilson, (deputy town clerk), J Fairhurst (treasurer). T Longdin (surveyor), J Dees (sanitary engineer), J S Haddock (gas engineer), J Sutcliffe (deputy surveyor). The Late Alderman Blackhurst. The MAYOR said it was with very deep regret that he haa to make official announcement of the fact, which of course was well-known to them, that death had taken away another of their members. This year had been especially one in which these sad occurrences had been very frequent. He moved "That this Council receives with deep regret the announcement of the death of lieorgs Blackuurst. Esquire, an alderman of this borough, which took place on the 20:h September, 1900, and desires to record the loss which the Council Las sus- tained by his death, and to express its appreciation of the valuable services rendered by him to the 13orougn during a is: nod of upwards of 22 years; and also to request the "Fewn Clerk to convey to the family of the a&eased the sincere sympathy and condolence of the Council with them in their bereavement." Proceeding, his Worship said he had already on a previous occasion referred to the loss which the town bad sustained by the death of Alderman Blackfaurst. What he had said then he could reassert there with even greater force, because his services on the Council extended over a longer period than on the magisterial bench. Alderman SUTTON, in seconding the resolution said that in the death of Alderman Blackhurst they had sip- tained a very severe loss. He had always been a regu- lar atteader at the meetings of the Council and had always done his duty as a member of the Corporation. Ile was a lameetable and depre,aing fact that during the last year or two there had been so many deaths of mem- bers of the Council that almest at every meeting they had to record the death of soma member. The resolution was carried, the membsrs of the Council standing Election of an Alderman. The Council then proceeded with the election of an alderman to fill the vacancy occasioned by.the death of the late Alderman Bfackhurst. Voting papers were banded to the members and when they had been collected it was found tnat every member present had recorded his vote in favour of Councillor Joseph Shaw Green. Toe Mavost in announcing the result said he had vary great pleasure in declaring that Councillor Joseph Shaw Green had unanimously besn elected an alderman of the Borough. (Applause.) He would now ask him to be good enowzia to sign the declaration of office. Alderman SHAW GREHN,On rising to spaalt was greeted with hearty applause, and thanked the members sin- cerely for electing him to that honourable position. He could only regret that circumstances had prevented blm fcr several months from being able to perform his duties as be would like but he was looking forward to the time , when he could resume those duties in his usual health and strength. Councilior TINNION proposed that Alderman Shaw Green be elected the returning officer for St. Austin's ward. Alderman HUTCHINSiN seconded, and the motion was unanimously carried. Meritorious Conduct of a Constable. At a meeting of tle Water Committee, it was resolved that P.C. Taylor be awarded the second class merit badge for merit irious conduct in stopping at great risk, a runaway horse. The minutes was approved on the motion of the MAYOR.

Finance and Estate Committee. A Saving in the Overseers' Department. At a meeting of this Committee, on the 10th September it wAs resolved that Mr. Councillor Greening be ap- pointed to fill the vac lacy on the Committee occasioned by the death of Are Councillor Lee. A. letter had been received by the Town Clerk from the Local Govern- ment Board, stating that the amount which the Board proposed to certify as the share deemed to have been re- ceived by the County Borough out of the parliamentary grants, which were discontinued under the provisions of the Local Government ket, 1883, is £3,033. The Tows CLEEIE ripsrted, as direeted, on the cost of indexing the old minute books of the Council and Committees. It was resolved that he be instructed to lay the matter before the General Purposes Committee, wi,h. a request that the work be undertaken. The Borough Treasurer reported that after a year's working of the Overseer A• Department it was found that a finan- cial saving of £484 had been made, Alderman Saaw GREEN, in moving the adoption of the mientes. said the amount received from the Local Government Board was about the sum which had been estimated and the committee were perfectly satisfied with it. Rebrzing to the saving in the Overseers' dr- oartment he sail he was all the more pleasel to mention it hecluie at the time when it was proposed to take over the duties of the Assistant Overseer, there was consider- able diffieulty in ascertaining the figures and telling the Cuncil what mieht he expected. The work had been so well done as to receive a compliment from the R3Vi&- in Barrister, and there were 27 per cent. fewer claims and obj.:,ctions than this time twelve months ago. Street Improvement Committee. New Buildings. The Street Improvement anti Lighting Committee recommended that the plans of the following buildings, &a., be approved :.—TWO houses and shops, Be wsev— road, for Mr T Mayhall ; alteration to house, No. 84, Winwick-road, for Mr Samuel Gough ; additional storey to works, Atherton's Quay, for Messrs Monks, Hall and Co. ,Limited ;four cottaees,Pickrnere-street,for Mr Albert Payne ; workshop, Hunr-street, for Mr George Smith. It was also resolved, that Heatla-lane, off Froghall-lane, be re-named "Hea.th-place " ; that at the request of the Health Comrnitte,, toe duly of reporting upon all clangernus and ruinous buildings be imposed upon the building inspector ; that Mr. Councillor A J Jolley be appointed a member of the Lighting Sub-Committes ; that Mr Councillor Plumpton be appointed convener of the Lighting Sub-Committee. Tla . minutes were approved on the motion of Alder- Man SUTTON.

Health Committee. Precautions against Plague.

At a meeting of the Health Committee a memoran- dum prepared by the Deputy Medical Officer of Health—Dr. J. Guest Gornall—on the treatment of cases and suspected nisei of buboaic plague was sub- mitted. It stated that the disease might possibly be in- trolucNl in three ways. 1. By Ship Canal men going on b-ard infected vessels, supposing such to have slipped through the sanitary cordon now established at Liverpool and the Etstham end of the Canal—a possible, though perhaps not likely contin- gency. 2 Through sailors from Glasgow or Lascars from the East coming ashore at Latchford locks, as they do sometimes when a vessel is berthed there for the night. 3. Through cases coming overland by road or train from Giagow. This is not at all unlikely, for per one affl cted the milder variety of the disease. The D'puy Medical Officer of Health submitted a plan of action in case the disease got into the town, and alFo sugge-ted that the medical officer should have a freel hand to act without any unnecessary waiting for con- I sultation with the Health Committee. It was resolved that the I.f-commendation contained in the memorandum be agreed to, arid the Deputy Medical Officer of Health authorised to give effect thereto. It was also recom- mended that the tender of Mr C W Oavenport for the erection of a sanatorium at Stnkey, at a coet of £7,446, be accepted, subj ct to a deduction of £427 I.Bs 61 for the substitution of oak shingle fencing, and subject to the apnroval of the Local Government Board. Alderman Surrrow moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said the Committee was dealing with insanitary dwellings as well as they possibly could, and they hoped in the course of time to make very great improvements in regard to them. Toe MAYOR seconded, and the minutes were approved The Paving of Back Yards. The Condition of the Roads.

The Paving and Sewerage c)mmittee resolved afte considerinz a report of Mr Longdin upon the pavirW 0 back yards, that in pursuance of section 60 of the War- rington Corporation Act, 1899, the owner of any yard or open ,pac-t in connection with any house insufficiently paved be required to pave such yard or open space for at least 200 square feet with 3m, blue brick paving in cement. It was also resolved that the tender of Messrs Avelinß and Porter for a Morrison'a patent road scarifier at £l2B 103 be aceepted, and that Arthur Wakefield be re-appointed te take charge of the road roller at the old rate of wages. Alderman HEATON moved the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor TINNION seconded, and said he tbouz,ht it would be conceded that there bad been a considerable improvement in the condition of toe macadam roads. The committee had been advised by districts which had a considerable length of macadam roads that the use of a scarifier was a distinct saving in tlr making of roads- The committee therefore de- cided to buy one. He contended that tho roads were in a much better condition than many grumblers had made out. The only way they could stop the grumbling was by spending money. The committee was deter-

YOU OUGHT TO KNOW. That Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for (3 ravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back. Dropsy. Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica. and Rheuma, tism. Try one box ; if not satisfied, money returned is. lid. all Chemists. Post free, 12 stamns.—HOLD-. ROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLECKHEATON, YORKS.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
mined to put them in a thorough workmanlike con- dition.

The minutes were then passed. School Attendance Committee.

At a meeting of this committee it was resolved that the tender of the Castle Rubber Company, Ltd-, to sup- ply five waterproots for the Inspectors at 36s each be accepted ; that the tendLr of Mr Richard Garnett to cover the Inspectot's Office with linoleum at 3s 6i per yard be accepted ; the Clerk was instructed to send a letter to the Deputy-Chairman, with an expression of sympathy from the members of the committee, with him on the loss he has sustained by the death of his wife.

Alderman SnAw GREEN moved the adoption of the mioutee which were approved.

The' Cemetery.

The Cemetery Committee recommended that the Registrar's offiue be connected with the National "felephone system ; that the duties of the Registrar, as defined by the sub-committee, be adopted, and that notice be given to all stonemasons that they will not be permitted .in future to taka gravestones out of the Cemetery. Councillor JOEIN EVANS moved the confirmation of the minutes, and in doing so facetiously remarked that he did not think the telephone would be found of much use by departed friends, but it might be useful to the officials and many others in the town. The proposed new regulations ought to have been in existence long ago, but the late registrar allowed them to lapse. The MAYOR, replying to a question of Alderman Heaton, said the resolution referring to gravestones did not apply to gravestones which it was proposed to re- move entirely and substitute others for, but only to the temporary removal of stones. The minutes were passed. The Extension of the Market Roof. The Markets Committee recommended that the tender of the Warrington and District Electric Liht and Power Co., Limited, for an installation of electric light mains; arc lamps,and fittings, at the Markets, at £153, be aocepted, that the tender of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and iron Co., Limited, for the iron and wood work glazing, plumbing, &0., in the extension of the Market roof. at £2,248 154 be accepted ; and that the tender of Mr Peter Rigby for the brick and stone worx in connec- tion with the Market extension, at £llO, be accepted. Alderman HUTCHINSON, in moving the confirmation of tke minutes, said the committee were trying to make toe market not only a retail market but a wholesale market.

Councillors ROGERS seconded and the minutes were passed.

Gas Committee.

The minutes of this committee stated that the aver- age illuminating power of the gas for the past four weeks was equal to 1817 candles. It was recom- mended that 3,000 tone of coal be purchased of Messrs Ramsden's at the existing contract prices, subject to de- livery if required. Alderman HEATON moved the confirmation of the minutes which were approved._ .

The Dredging of the River. Strong Complaints.

The Rivers Committee reported that the following resolution was received from the Warrington Chamber of Commerce :—" That the attention of the Council having been brought by members who are greatly in- terested in the navigation of the Mersey to the fact that the dredging is quite inadequate, and that it is inopos- sible to use the river as intended, until the ship Canal Company comply with their obligations under the Act, the secretary be requested to urge them to give the matter their serious attention forthwith." The Rivers Commi tee resolved that the Town Clerk inform the secretary of the Chamber of Commerce that the subject matter of the resolution has had and is having the serious attention of the cemmittee and that they lave that the steps they are taking in the matter will lead to a practical result. The MaYou,in moving the adoption of the minutes,said he could only corroborate the nature of the Rivers Committee's reply to the Chamber of Commerce. At the same time be would like, if it were possible to emphasise to the fullest possible extent the tact that the river at the present time was in an abominable and disgraceful condition. The Ship Canal Company were not making any serious attempt to get the river to that depth and width of channel which their obligations imposed upon them. He was disgusted with the whole business and he was quite certain that the Corporation might have put themselv -co into the position of forcing the com- pany's hands if they had cared to do 93. The Corpora- tion were fully determined to take the matter up and be hoped they would be "backed" up not only by the traders of the town but by the townspeople also. If this river were allowed to get into such a condition as to make it umeless for tradieg purposes, the industries in Warrington would suffer to an enormous extent. He had had occasion to write to Mr. Hunter on the matter

that day. Vessels drawing six feet had been ucable to get from Bank Quay to Walton Lock, with the result that the cargoes had to be lightered down the river to the vessel. In face mf the fact that the Ship Canal Com- pany's obligations required them to make a channel of eight feet, such a condition of affairs as he had referred to ought not to be allowed a moment longer than was absolutely necessary. Alderman HEATON said he endorsed what the Mayor had said with reference to the matter. The Corporation had given the Ship Canal Company every opportunity of carrying out their obligations. There had been no improvement in the condition of the river, in fact, it was going from bad to worse, and the time bad arrived when the committee should be supported in compelling the company t 3 carry out their agreement. Councillor TINNION said he was exceedingly pleased . .

that the Rivers Committee was taking uto,the -matter with energy. He hoped something would be done before long to remedy the present disgraceful state of the river. The river between Bank Quay and Walton Arcla,s bad got into such a state owing to continued neg- lect, that when the company brought their vessel which towed the hoppers, it actually stuck in the bed of the river, and it was only drawing about four feet of water at the time. When they found the river in a condition like that il was time that energetic measures were taken to have it remedied. _ _

d-o-nn-cillor BURTON said he also waq very pleased that

the matter was being taken up. The river was in a dis- graceful state at present, and would not be navigable at all unless a serious attempt was made to 'lre Igo it. He had hoard that the C3mpany had let the contract for dredging to someone els3,but that could not relieve them of their respon9ibility in the matter, Councillor BENNETT asked when thjtime of the Corpora- tion's agreement with the ship Canal Conapany to con-

_ atruct docks at Warrington expired? The M&YOR thought that Councillor Bennett ought to have given notice of such a question as that. The Cor- poration were allowed ten years from 1896. Alderman SUTTON said it was quite evident to him that if they intended to p.rsist in the Ship Canal Com- pany carrying out their obligations they must take some definite steps at once. It would not do to let the thing go on, because if they did, they might depend upon it that the company would consider there was no necessity for noticing any of their complaints and ultimately they would find that the dredging of the river would be utterly neglected. He therefore thought it was time they came to some definite understanding with the company and, if necessary, to force them to take such a course as to prevent tl'e river from again getting into such a conclitkn as it was in at the present time. Let the Corporation have it settled once for all, or his firm conviction was that the company would endeavour to gat out of their obligations and take no interest in the matter whatever. He approved of what the RiverS Committee had done. The minutes were then pasced. The Water Extensions.

At a me( ting of the Water Committee it was resolved that the tender of Mr C W Davenport for the construc- tion of a high level s^rvice reservoir at Rich Warren, accerding to specification and bill of quantities. at £6,748, be accepted. Alderman FRANCOMB in moving the adoption of thin minutes stated that Mr. Davenport's tender was the _ _

lo—west-and he was ). neighbour who had done very good work in the town. He thought they ought to encourage local work and local men, especially when the contract is the lowest. (Hear, hear.)

The minutes were nassed. The Proposed Taxation of Ground Values The following communication on the taxation of ground values was ordered to be entered on the min- utes :—Town Clerk's Office, Accrington, 190 a Septem- ber, 1900. Dear Sir. Taxation of ground values. In ucordance with instructions therein contained, I beg to enclose you copy of resolution adopted by the Town Council of this Borough on the 3rd inst.—Yours faith- fully, A. 11. AITKEN, Town Clerk. Resolved "that in the opinion of this Council, the present system of local taxation is unjust, because it exempts the owners of land within the municipal boundaries. That,at present, the incidence of the local rates operates as a tax upon industry, enterprise, and thrift, and constitut2s a griev- ance of which all occupiers of urban property are justi- fied in demanding immediate redress. That, in the opinion of this Council, the continuous increment in the value of urban land is not the result of any exertion on the pirt of the landlord, but is due to the collective industry and enterprise of our townspeople, and is there- fore a peculiarly suitable subject for taxation. That it is necessary that a separate valuation be made of sites as distinct from buildings or improvements, and a rate made and levied so as to fall on the owners of the land values thus assessed ; and that all land, whether occu- pied or unoccupied, be taxed according to its value. Further, that copies of this resolution—representing the opinion of this Council on a public matter of the ut- most importance—be forwarded to all assessing autho- rities in Great Britain.'

General Purposes Committee. The Telephone Services.

The General Purp !sea Committee reported that the question of the establishment of municipal telephone service was again considered and deferred. The pro- moters of the Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express railway having intimated their intention to re-introduce a bill in the next session of P.srliament, it was resolved

===== 0002601_19001005_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Whooping cough, IVilea,'sles, Coughs,

Colds, and Chest Complaint&

( "--..,---->-----"=-7,---___ ~_. r-......" -...... l I Cll'iii) - - s :;!-- %..' • 'F s /-; ‘:N. ,' :' , a•-', ,'-'' \ .. v I ) \\\ \ '4•'\\ ,;' ''-- t :• : ) i \ll -, - •,.,--.) \ t \ 1 r) t, i (- ... # 111 1 1

===== 0002601_19001005_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
OLIVE AND ERNEST BRADFIELD

(From a Photograph.)

Reginald House, 4, Marlborough Terrace, Queen's Road, Buckland, Portsmouth, February 18th, 1899.

Dear Sirs,—We cannot speak too highly of your Scott's Emulsion. My' children having whooping cough very bad indeed the beginning of last year. I was advised to use Scott's Emulsion. We got a large bottle, and by the time they had taken it we could see a great improvement, and after taking three more bottles the cough was gone. The beginning of last November the children had the measles. I again used Scott's Emulsion, and I am pleased to say that, thanks to the Emulsion, they are to-day well and hearty. If at any time they should be suffering from a cough or cold we should always give them Scott's Emulsion, for we think it is the finest preparation for coughs or chest complaints, and we strongly recommend it to anyone we know. It is most pleasant to the taste, and our children ask for it. We are forwarding you photographs of our two children, Olive four years and ten months, and Ernest three yeal.z, and six months.

Yours truly, (Signed) E. 11‘7. 13•RADFITI;LT).

lc can hardly be expected that children will always be free from the maladies common to growth, and yet it is not too much to say that with the aid of Scott's Emulsion children are spared many phases of illness that otherwise they would be sub- jected to. Growth makes the greatest demand upon food, and it is largely because the sFstem is not able to derive sufficient nourishment that chil- dren lose vitality, and are consequently a prey to illness.

rickets and marasmus, and a tendency to con- sumption. Malnutrition is at the root of all these maladies, and Scott's Emulsion strikes at this root by aiding digestion and eurichinv, the blood with the properties of food that make healthy flesh and give vitality. Scott's Emulsion is an ideal form of cod-liver oil. It is sweet to the taste, and does nct, in any way,. tax digestion. It combines the hypophosphites o lime and soda, and glycerine, in proportions 11°! found in any other remedy, and the only waV can derive all of the benefits possible to derive fr-i these remedial agents, is to insist upon parcilit-6-5 only the genuine Scott's Emulsion, which 11137, oi distinguished by our trade mark on the wraPPe` - every bottle. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion b 7 sending threepence in stamps to Scott and Bowneci Limited, 95, Great saffron Hill, London, E.C•• mentioning this paper.

Scott's Emulsion has minv uses in the household. It is a specific for coughs, colds, bronchitis, and all similar affections of throat and lungs. In fact, it is the best specific which can be employed for these ailments, because it not only relkves the local affec- tions, but brings to the system the resistive power which is necessary to make a cure permanent. But there are more serious phases of wasting in children for which S.lott's Emulsion is also specially adapted. These are such diseases as

that the Town Clerk be authorised to accept the agreed clauses for insertion in the bill. The Committee further resolved that the best thanks of the Council be tendered to Mr. Frederick Nloriks, Mr. Alderman Francomb, and Mr. Councillor Pierpoint, wha will retire from the repre- sentation of the Borough on the Lancashire County Cmincil on the Ist October next, for their valuable ser- vices rendered in the interests of the Boreu,gh ; that the following members of the Council be appointed to report on the advisability of purchasing the land adjoining Victoria Park, belonging to the Bridgewater Trustees, and on the terms upon which the land can be acquired, viz :—The Mayor, Aldermen Bolton, Fair- dough, Sutton, and Mr Councillor Ellison. The Finance and Estate Committee having ieported through the Town Clerk on the cost of indexing the old minute books of the Council and committees (including the reports of the Police Commissioners from 1813 to 1847),and having recommended that the work should be undertaken, it was resolved that the Town Clerk be authorized to engage a competent person to undertake the work, and that lie report from. time to time upon the cost incurred. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes with the addition of Alderman Heaton's name to the committee appointed to report on the advisability of purchasing the land adjoining Victoria Park. Alderman Heaton knew a great deal about the place and his ser- vices would be of value to the committee. Alderman FRANCOMB seconded and the minutes were I passed.

Council.lor_Ellison and Street Improvements.

Councillor Ellasox moved the following motions "That a return of all roads, streets and passages ordered by this Council be formed, paved, and placed in a satisfactory condition, now remaining unfinished, be presented ; also that the plans and estimates he pre- pared and submitted for widening Knutsford-road from Tunstall's Row to Victoria Park, and the site of old St. , James's burial ground." He stated that in proposing these motions he fully realised the difficulties which the Paving and Sewerage Committee had to contend with from time to time. He was also willing to give them credit for having the best intentions to overcome those difficulties. But they could not close their eyes to the fact that a great deal of annoyance and inconvenience were experienced by the townspeople owing to the unsatisfactory condition of a number of streets and passages, and his attention had been called to several streets where Corporation workmen had left their work unfinished for weeks and months. Referring to the widening of Knutsford-road he said the people of Latchford were very anxious to see the work proceeded with. The work was not being pushed forward with any vigour. The Mayort expressed tho opinion that he did not think the Council ought to harraes the Paving and Sewerage Committee too much. During the last six months the committee had made wonderful strides in improving the streets of the town. (Hear. hear.) Alderman SUTTON did not see the necessity for the return asked for. The committee bad had more work thrown on its hands than at any time previously. At present the Corporation were spending a lot of money on the widening of iWilderspool-road and it would b 6 better to finish that work before proceeding with any- thing else. Alderman HEATON said he was quite certain that the Committee was capable and desirous of making an improvement of the streets, and he thought no Com- mittee could have made more progress with their streets under such difficult circumstances, with a great deal of obstruction in the Council. He could not see the object of the second resolution at all.

Councillor TINNioN thought it was only fair to the Committee that Councillor Ellison should give particulars and places where material had been lying for months and nothing had been done. Be ought to be able to prove his statements. So far ea his knowledge of the Committee went, and judging by what the Borough Sur- veyor told him, such conduct was absolutely foreign te the Committee. The work took a lot of time, and on

the 30th August they inspected about half the town all‘i found no streets and back passages answering the CleS° cription given by Councillor Ellison. Councillor ELLISON said if he had time he could find? good many streets and passages such as he described la,. his own ward. There was a back passage behind the Patio" Room which was commenced about three weeks $P and which was just getting completed. Councillor InixfoN : There are 13 streets and paglageg in the contractors hands and nine under notice. Councillor ELLisori withdrew his first resolution oils the understanding that the work would be proceed° with as quickly as possible. Councillor BENNEUT seconded the second resolation.,, Alderman SUTTON as chairman of the Committee !swo it would be impossible to furnish what Councillor E11t5°,4 asked for in this case. The committee would proeee_.' with the work as soon as possible, and before that Or"'? done plans and estimates would be submitted. had Councillor JAMES EVANS said the committee arrived at a decision with regard to the &James' Berl' Ground to remove the wall and set out the land. Alderman HEATON thought it was better that tutlf should finish what they had begun first, and leave t'"

river in front of Mersey view tithe last: ad The MAYOR said he thought Alderman flea h ton ..-„0 misunderstood the purpose of the second relolution. land in question belonged to the Corporation and surek'Ve there could be no harm in submitting an estimate of t° cost of the improvement. They hoped next year to Co 1033; mence the tramway system and Koutsford-road Was to only road with a clear way and it would facilitate t.,c work of the Tramways Committee if the imprvenleP was made before the road was cut up. al° The motion was then passed unanimously and Council rose.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information of how all Irregularities 9,nd Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousands of genuine unsolicited Testimonia from all over the World --P. I:LANCIWIT Dalston lan London.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
VALOUR OR BRAVADO.

600 Nowadays we keep hearing of " most disastr- f chances—of moving accidents by flood and hair-breadth' scapes in the imminent deadly breach, being taken by the insolent foe," and we, like Des Air mona and her father, " devour up our soldiers' "40 course." But is there to be no distinction beo,ll„en-90 honest L'valour and Ihare-brained foolhardiness? who find a bubble reputation at an infinite, yet ."-eeC warrantable risk, may have their actions applauded. hie very seldom approved. In the battlefield and every-day world there are always some bravadoes. many men unknowingly cultivate the seeds of consou'ert, tion, because taey think it is unmanly to wear an ef caat ? T'oeir action is foolhardy and rash, and ce realizes that more than they do later on when damage is completed. Let us not take risks but clu,ire we catch cold obtain a remedy at onc3, and so ifig-tatl ourselves against consumption. Lavan's Lung LW all is the safest and surest remedy in the world 010 throat and cnest affections, and those who have tOG-Da swear it is unequalled. Lavan's Lung Linctus 113)57 had from all chemists, drug stores, and co-ops.. r post free, is. 1., 2s. 91., and 43. 6]., from the P prietors, Green and C)., Chemists, Bolton. fieldlt

Walked nine SenanSkaetynrßdraoyoekv.ening Jr. e Sankey yur et B. halt-past loot: -rn: n r sanaAnd home when owing to the darkness they walke" e. nTheawiatnn waterabout namedw jatashmrvee seer yll feetifilthyg n a of if a, mud. nwdh n wasie n sfe soa urlir: fager les: 1 r 01 i: di.; aesiel ;Pali pnseoanr, Liverpool-road,thelengbridg eweirne re tuinetcy and lives at 2, Mill-lane, went to the resc after great difficulty succeeded inue' ;126 getting th of the water. Mrs. Thompson is still under 1311,501 cal care. This is Mr. Higham's 21st eucce':.,-eil rescue from drowning, and yet he has only rec.;o9 a Humane Society's certificate once. lie deser.boo the society's bronze medal, and it is hoped De someone will take the matter in hand so that might obtain it. , OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT. se3 d disu false teeth, which might as well be turned into _... Many ladles an d gentlemen have by them ol or _coy utwic,o Messrs. R. D. and J. B. Fraser, of Princes Street, IP.Portd (established since 1833), buy old false teeth. If yoo., to an di, ' your teeth to them they will remit you by return P:1,05 utmost value ; or, if preferred, they will make you t"weoese offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If rje oric,P necessary, apply to Messrs. BACON & CO.. Bankers. P

===== 0002601_19001005_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME T....kBLE SEPTEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28. 10 20, 12 10, 1 25, ‘2 55 5 20, 5 35,6 23, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Alt3ar and Hillhouse -715 831, 1 19. a 3 22, a 4 0, a 5 6, a 6 0 ia7 9, a 9 25. Suniays 936 26, 8 55. a Stops if requtrea. Birmingham (L a 2 53. 63 23, 710, 9,45 11 57 25, 25,5 20,6 22,7 20 11 34. Suudays 2 58, 10 15,4 5, 11 35 laMondays excepted. blidon.days only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 14, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529.5 45, 835. 956, 11 50,2 10, 4 50, 6 23, 8 50. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, 2 52, 3 50, 4 50, 6 43, 7,17, 8 50,9 42. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. Bolton- 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43, 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 838 p.m. Carlisle-5 29, 5 45. 9 5611 50. 12 25, 210, 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 3 35,9 64. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31,12 24. 12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.203 16, 422.5 7,6 4,754, 8 5, 10 14,11 3.5 Sundays 8,44 10 36 7,451,3 Collins Green-75. 85, 8 35, 10 10.12 7,72 43, 3 40, 5 15, S 58,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 3 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 710, 8 28. 9 45, 11 57, 1 25. 2 5, 6 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15 4 5,11 35.aMonclays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 1225, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 54, 8 5, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55, .12 95, 3 14, 4 7 50, 6 56, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Earlesto% n-5 45, 76. 85,8 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 10,10 20, 10 55 11 55,12 7,12 25 1 .15, 2 43,3 40 3 50, 5 15,5 20. b 8,7 2 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays,? 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 04 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30. 8 25, 9 43, 11 53.1 55 320 515,6 17, 8.0. 9 48. Stunt-vs 95. 2 40. 80. Frodsham-7 37, 95 19 23, 12 25. 220. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 754 85, 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57. 8 31.9 5. 10 512 0 5. 210, 4 0 529 75. 80, 69 40. dlO 25. 11 39 Sundays 9. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only. 3Saturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 57 11 42,12 25.2 52,4 509 55 .S undays 954 Golborne-5 45. 7 5,8 35. 1055, 12 25, 1 15, 3 50. 5 2,) 7 17 955. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Green-7 12, 757, 831, 95. a 9 30, 12 0, 15, 2 -5, 40, 529 6 0,7 5, 80, 69 40, 925 alo 25. Sunday 90,938 11 25,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 45, 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18 9 33. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 958. 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13, 76, a 7 45 9 27. Sundays 850, 38, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)---3 sa, 51, 5 25. 75. 85, 8 35 9425,10 55,12 7,12 25.2.43 3.405 20, 6 58, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5 10, 5 30, 8 35,8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. allondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 10 9 11 53, 155. 320,5 15, 6 17.8 0, 9 13. Sand tys 95, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 26, 120, 1 13, 2 6, 2 10, 3 37, 4 0. 5 40, 7 5, 8 0, 9 11,9 45. 10 20 11 20 11 39. Sundays 90, 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39, 710, 828, 918 10 18,10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London kL. Sc N. W.)-2 58b, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 45,10 20,11 42, 11,57, 20 5 0,6 15 622,11 34. Lundays 2 58, 10 15,45, 11 35, bMondays excepted. ablondays only. London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a, 50. 6 55, 11 92. Sundays li 46 a.m., 515 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 95 10 49,12 36, 1 14,2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L.& N.-W.) 545, 75.85, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 10 4.',10 55,12 18.12 25,1 58,2 39,2 43 332, 4 26, 5 32. 6 15,6 53,7 17, 8 8,9 20. 1033. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 .5 15, 6 0. 7 57From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 9 0, 9 58, 10 49. 1 14, 223, 3 38, 4 11,6 13. 78.9 27, 11 40, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 1055 11 '23,11 55, 1255. 155.2 55. 355, 4 55,5 55, 6 55,710 7 55, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 65 9 25 9 35, 10 0. Bliddlewich-7 40, 10 23. 2 555, 5 355.7 20.bSaturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 25, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15

Newton-le-Willows- 3 10, 5 45,7 5, 8 5, 8 35,a9 19, 10 20_, 11 40, 10 5512 25,1 15,3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 SC, 5 20, 6 53,7 17 9 20, 9 55, 10 30. Sundays 843 a in 3 35, 5 15, 6 0,7 57, 9 54a via Kenyon Fadgate-7 0,7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23,12 0 1220, 1 40,3 55 5 28, 7 10, 8 33, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, ? 44. 5 15, 935 Freston-5 24, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 42, 1? 25, 2 52, 350 4 50, 6 48 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 3J, 825, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20. 5 15, 6 17. 8 0 Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10, 2 58, 4 0,5 29, 6 0. 7 5, 8 0,9 25, a 9 40 510 25. Sundays 90, 11 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, cMoudays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 1 65, 3 14,5 0, 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, St Ilelens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35. it .0, 10 55. 11 55, 12 7 12 25. 2 35 3 40. 520, 633, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 33 Sundays 836.8 43,6 0,9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 119 3 22,66, 60, 7 16, 9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, aSaturdays only. Inelwall-6 15, 7 20,8 0.8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.2 23, -3 38, 411, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-756. 95 iC, 5, 11 5, 120. 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60, 75, 80, 9 25, al 40. 610 25. Sun- days 9 0,9 36, 2 39. 9 18, 10aSaturday exeeptea. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. andN.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 6 15,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wigan- 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55,11 50,1 Z 25, 1 15. 2 10 3 4, 3 50,4 50,5 20. 628,7 17.8 50, 9 40, 9 55. Sundays, 8 43. 3 35, 6 0. 9 54.

TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Aston Midge —8 30.7 40, 852. 10 57, 120. 3 35,4 45, 7 20 830 Sutriry. 7 55.. 4 42. _ _

Attest. arid Hillhouse-11 26, 12 44, 7 38, 8 24 9 57 Sundays 920, 2 21. 8 22. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10 5507 20 9 10, 12 25, 2 0 335 5 50,7 25. Sundays 3 10. 12 40. 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48. 125 2 55, 645. 6 50, 105) 1119, Sunday 415, am 40, 11 19 Blackburn-8 30.10 35, 12 30, 1 55, 330, 750 Sundays, 80, 22. 5 40, 9 13. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 5, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40 1 40. 3 15, 5 237 0,10 0. Sundays 725, 1 355 12, Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.10 0,11 25, 1 27, 2 55,4 58, '6 50,815. Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 5 0,8 25. Bolton-5 45, 640 7 55, 835, 9 10, 10 2.5. 12 15. 215, 415 510,5 , 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 9 25 p.m. a 55 Saturdays only, oullsle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42.6undays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41.abion lave excepted. Chester-7 25,8 40. 9 40, 10 12, 10 50, 11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 0 3 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35. 7 35,810.8 50,13undays 2 32,4 30.6 30,6 55 8 10. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 10 24, 11 23. 12, 38 1 8 1 38,2 10, 3 10. 4, 1. 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sunday 8 lta.m.l 15,Pan. orewe_..4 55, 60,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 250 450 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 455, 710. 245 4 10,921 Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47„ 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 Path Derby-12, 9 35, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 7 5 8 6, 9 35, 8 Sundays 3 35. 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 35. aßscept Mondays. Barlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46. 9 20. 9 45, 10 26, 11 26 1242, 12 0.142,5 4 13. 314. 515, 5 52, 6 30 7 33, 8 8 920, al2 0.5und,,y5 8 33. 9 52,9 57,10 0, 3 45,7 24a Saturday only Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95, 945, 12 3. 29. 327 64, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 e 2,2 57. 62. Frodshara-7 55 9 1, 101, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40 10 48, 12 0, 12 56. 2 11, 3 2, 4 56. 57, 5 56, 657, 7 24 9 1 Sundays 8 10, 9 10. 2 40, 3 9,4 42. 6 51, 8 54. Ghtsgt,w-a9 5, 1010. 20.2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50. 9 5, laMon day eserpted. trolborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 438 5 30, 7 15, 9, Sundaya 9 40, 75. sough Green-7 45, 815.99. 10 3, 1055, 1.9 130. 2.22 16. b 10, 521, 6 7.7 11,7 38.9 15. Sundays 8 23, 9 20, 3,23 55,9 4, 9 10. Irlarn and Cadishead (Central)-7 35 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 Sundays 1059. 6 53. 8 40. 10 0.1 Latchford-8 1. 8 40. 9 29,10 2 11, 16, 120, al 45. 213 3 0,4 22, b 5 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 6, 9 42 11 27 Sundays 823 2 33, 7 23. aSaturdays nly. naturdays excepted. 'Liverpool (via Rarlestown)-a2 35, 6 0,7 50, 80. 8 35,9 25, 11 0.11. 60,1 5. 1 30, 4 20, 450, 35.7 5, 8 25, 11 15b. Sunday 10 7 30, 9 20. 6 30,8 40 alondays only. b3aturdays only. Via Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 50, 12 33, 1 25 2 40,3 35 4 20, 5 20,6 5,8 30, 10 45„Sundays 735, 2 10, 7 15 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40,8 20, 8 30,8 40 930 9 38 10 30,10 45. 11 23. 11 50, 1230,.l 30 1 55, 2 30. 3 40. 4 30,4 40 4 50 5 30,5 36,6 35,7 30,80. 8 40,9 30,10 45 Sunny. 7 60,9J.230.260 4 20 6 30 6 30, 8 33, London (L & N W)-b 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 215 4 15, 5 30 12 0 Sundays 1,0, 5 30, 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 90, 10 5,12 10, 2040, 5 0, 6 45, 915 12 0. tiuucays 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. Lyinin-8 7, 8 32, 9 20, 9 54, 11 8, 111. a 137, 25, 250 4 14, bb 3.), 5 L 9,6 41, 741,8 58 9 33,11 19. Sundays 815,2 25 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 30, 9 5,9 40 10 45, 11 15 12 45, 1. 5. 1 35, 2 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 60, 75, 7 10. 80, ,? 9 20, 10 40, Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90,60, 10 40 Saturdays excepted. tdaubester (London-road)-7 25.7 50.9 25, 10 35, 12 35 1 5a 2 C 540, 655, 520, 65, 75, 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 40, 630 b3aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20. 8 30, a 9 5, 933 35, 1030, 10 35,11 30,12 30,12 50 12 30,1 3),2 30. 33). 430, 948, b 30, 6 30, 6 38, 730 8 33, 11 0, 11 0. Sundays 4 30,9 10, 9 30. 10 40- °C. 2 0,4 5, 635 820, 9 40,a Saturdays nly. ldiddlewich-6 48, 2 47. 6 6. Moore-6 56,9 6, 11 9, 12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.Sundays.8 19,4 58 7Newton-6 55,7 25. 8 42, 9 8.229, 10 9,10 22,11 8.12 38,12 46, 1 5 1 59, 3, 2,3 7, 4 7,4 51, 510. 5 35 5 49,6 27,7 30. 8 0, 9 15 9 55. 11 4.a1l 47, Sundays 8 3), 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20, 11 5 Saturdays only. Padgate 7 8, 7 48, 8 26, 90, 10 6 1 14, 25, 5 18 73, 9 10 It 32, ii-indaya 8 53. 11 16, 2 32.9 12, 10 13. 9 30 .11 15, 11 28, 1 20. 3,4 20. Preston Z 9, 5 50, 90, 538,6 40. 8 30, 9 45, 10 49. Sundaysl2 9,8 35, 30, 6 10„ 10 47 aMondays excepted. Runcorn 839. 919 10 15, 12 30, 1 25, 32.440 5 41 6 23 810 9 53. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31. 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 140 240, 343 435. 5 21, 5 38, 6 22, 726,869.32. Sundays, 831 10 8, 3 40, 5 7, 925. 9heffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55, 7 0, 8 20. Sundays,B 10,6 10. St. Mel s-6 23,6 55, 80, 8 23, 9 15,10 5. 1055. 12 512 55 1 55, 2 315, 430, 5 25,6 10, 6 55, 7 25. 650 10 30, Sundays 7 50, 9 35,6 55, 9 5. southport-8 5, 10 10,11 10,12 25,2 10, 2 45, 3 55, 7 0, 8 5 9 5a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-8 10, 8 36, 9 30. 9 58, 1112, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55 18, 5 37. 6 3 645, 7 45,9 2, 9 37, 1123. Sundays, 8 19. 2 29 7 19. Widnes (Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 25, 10 10, ii 12, 12 25 3 25. 230 3 34. 4 25, 529, 612, 716 7 58,9 22a 11 40, aSun- days 8 42 3, 33, 5 0, 9 10,9 20. a Saturdays only. Widnes ( L & N W)- 7 5 8 56, 933, 10 33, 11 55, 12 57, 2 2 20,3 58, 455. 5 55. 6 46, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 54, 11 2.,Wigan- 239,6 33, 8 15, 926. 9 56. 10 0,11 23, 12 15, 1 50 a 30 27.4 25, 4 56, 5 FO, 6 5,7 5, 9 0,10 30, Sundays 239 9 43 2 25 6 53, 11 13,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
lad * red l'brio slag°

Ill" saise_4o rocev:i ix iv- -10, Bars'

gr. ag • turroga red ,t deg: et crie a of B,gid 'Lleo leo ou,- r ccessfilci rocile lesertey led 014/6 hat

)r disuse:. ) 110°113tg , lowoa ril :10 I POl- 5 1 tbe De:On referer„, ipor'

- , - ,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

6-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_19001005_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Strs-OrProza *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubstiaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

===== 0002601_19001005_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WALL 130X1.8-

Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Lerch Street,

Lowton Chapel Lowton Common

(Near Lowton St. Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) arcels are despatched fr town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.r time as letters.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Heisby, & Lymm Manchester, 8.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Whin & Earleston n London. Foreign, and the South Aidland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, NeW- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland talasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midland, Northern, Aastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Wlsten, Stockton Heath and Stretion Lonaon & Foreign, South, and S - East ....en Counties

===== 0002601_19001005_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THEs GREAT REMEDY.

8!)1,AI/A0 GOUT '

3P X IA 1.4 FOR GOUT, RIiBUMATIS it SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. Tbe excruciating INin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effective. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d per box

===== 0002601_19001005_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r .m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m.. 12 noon. 2 &

7 p m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.33 am. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

1 Nil. 10-15 a.m. 2111.

oni the Receiving Oflice at Baries- L.; from all Sub-Offices at the same

S FOLLOWS:-

I To I I Callers. I

By Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

7-0 a.m. 13-30 „ 10-45 t 11,30 . } 11-45

11-30 a.m.

I. 12-0

12-15

2-15 1 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra Stampd.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_19001005_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. NI!. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 a.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, RUDA Y, OCTOBER, 5, 1906

===== 0002601_19001005_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED

SIMULTANEOUS MISSION,

Free Churchmen in

Conference at Warrington,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
A "Daring" Idea.

A simultaneous mission conducted by the united Free Churches throughout the country is proposed to be held in the opening months of 1901. To discuss the matter, meetings in connection with the West Lancashire and West Cheshire Federation of Free Cnurch Councils, were held in Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom last Thursday. The proceedings commenced with a conference of dele- gates and friends which was held at 2.30 in the after- noon. The Rev C F Aked, of Liverpool, occupied the chair, and amongst those present were the Revs Robert Veitch, Liverpool ; C E Hocken,J Yonge, J F Matthews. E T Reed and C Finch, Warrington, The Rev Thomas Law, secretary of the National Council, was announced to speak but was unable to be present. The Rev. C. F. AWED said•they had met by the ccur- tesy of the Warrington Council for the purpose of taking counsel as to the proposed great simultaneous mission at the beginning of the coming year. After explaining t oat the Rev T Law was unable to attend that afternoon the rev. gentleman referred to the responsibility of the movement. Unless they could realize the tremendous importance of it and could develop within themselves and within their neighbours, friends and colleagues, a genuine enthusiasm for the work, all the suggestions and examples in the world would not be of much valise to them. There was another movement on foot in the Free Churches of a different character which was also intended to welcome the incoming century. It was now proposed to hold a temperance mission, the object of which was to secure one million new pledges during the first year of the century. Now they could see for themselves how, if the mission were a success, it would be a help to every form of temperance propaganda ; and every form of social activity. A million pledges would at least repre- sent a very great part of the work done--work for which temperance organisations existed. They would represent the equipping of every branch of the temperance movement, and a reinforce- ment of vigour, by which all temperance organis- tions would be enormously helped. Lift that on a still higher platform and consider that, if their ; dream were realized,they would secure a million conver- sions to Christ, a million actual decisions for the Lord Jesus. It would demonstrate to the world ia a way I absolutely beyond their dreams, their unity and their strength,—their unity for a great effort, their strength for carrying out that effort. It was the very bigness of the movement, the seeming teoer impossibility of it, which comoituted its charm and attraction. If the only objection was its impossibility they had better get to work at once. It was much too vast, and it was far too big for them to accomplish but that was precisely the charm which would attract them. Referring to the mission under consideration, the speaker said that day by day the same gospel would be preached throughout the country, the same appeal would be made and the same prayers would ascend to the throne of God. That demonstration of unity they were intending to make would be of value for years to come. There never had been any dissension in the ranks of the National Free Church Council between thsse whose work had been largely social work and those who had given themselves more to those forms of work which thoy called spiritual. It had been recognised that both kinds of work were needed and neither would win its largest fruition unless both prospered. They were united now as they had been united from the first. (Applause.) The Rev, R YEITCH then delivered a brief address. He sad the movement was a magnificent idea,a kir,d of inspiration, and it would join them together in one great religious revival or mission in which to initiate the next century. Whensoever that idea dawned on any manitio believed it was truly a thought given from God, It was a very daring suggestion to dream of bringing the whole of the Free Churches of this land into one great movement and yet they were engaged to undertake the task. On looking back on the past history they found that there was a great revival in the latter part of the 18th century. At the present time there were far greater advantages for such a movement than existed in the eighteenth century. Was it net possible with resources at their disposal that a mission might be initiated which would make the twentieth century stand on a higherlevel than it would have done otherwise.lt seemed to him that there was a pressing need for the mission. They wished to cleanse the land of imparities and they could at least see a dawning hope of the brightness and betterment of life. The desire bad been to cover the whole country. They wanted a revival of religion that might be wo:thy of the name of national, and it was proposed not only to visit the cities and towns but also the villages. (Applause). A discussion on the scheme followed, and members of the Conference reported as to arrangements made in the districts they represented. Tbe Rev. JoHer YONGE said that in Warrington the matter had been seriously considered for some time, and they were hoping to be able to see their way to arrange a very successful mission at the time arranged. He could net. however, give any details as yet.

THE EVENING MEETING. SOME STATISTICS ON CHURCH-GOING.

There was a good a.Aendance in the schoolroom in the evening when a public demon6tration was held. The Rev John Yonge presided. The Rev R VEITCH read a telegram shich he had received from the Rev Thomas Law regretting his ina- bility to be present and encouraging the Federation to go ahead with the work of arranging the miscion. The CHAIRMAN, in the course :,of his remarks, said that be should like, with their permission, to occupy a few minutes in explainiog ono very powerful reason which impressed his mind very strongly that the ' churches in Warrington should address themselves to the carrying out of the mission in this town. None of them, he thought, would at all question the need , which existed in this town, as throughout the country, he supposed, for a great, deep, and powerful revival of a true and undefiled religion. They all deplored, he was sure, the very large amount of religious indifference which prevailed, not only among those classes tbey were apt to look upon as ungodly and irre- ligious altagether, but unhappily in the ranks of their churches. This must be removed and done away with if the churches of the country were to enter on the new century in anything like the state which became them. Tuley had, of course, to face here in War- rington, the groat unmistakeable face that in these days of ours the estimate of the duty of public worship had most seriously and steadily declined. Some time ago i n this town,so long ago as 1881,one of the local newspapers instituted a census of the attendance at religious worship on the first Sunday in November that and he had before him some of the statit- tics gathered as the result of that inquiry. Before he gave these statistics he would make an explanatory reference to the census which was taken by Mr. Horace Mann in 1851. That very intelligent staid- cian laid down as a reasonable thing that certain allow- ances were necessary for persons, who through unavoid- able reasons were absent from public worship. He este. mated that this would account for the absence of 42 per cent of the population of the country lesyrug 58 per cent as passiole attenders. Comiag to the year 1881. in Warrington they had a population of 41,700. There were then in this borough thirty five places of worship which gave accommodation :for 15,700 persons. On Sunday me Ch of November, the gross attendance at the morning, afternoon and evening ser- vices,in these thirty-five places was 14,800 persons. Some of course in that number bed been counted twice and perhaps three times so it was considered a fair estimate to allow one fourth of the 14,000 for those attending more than once. Therefore they had to take 3.700 from the estimate, and it was found that only 11,100 attended public worship, a little over 26 per cent. l'here ought to have been according to Mr Mana's estimate 13,000 people mote. In March, 1851, the Government census brought out the result that there was a population in Warringtonof 22,800 and fifteen lacel of worship. The accommodation only provided for 9,700, and it was found that morning, afternoon and evening services were attended by 13,522 nersons ; or 44 per cent of the population, whereas in 1881, there were only 26 per cent. a decrease of 18 per cent. whilst the population! had increased. From the municipal returns, the population of Warrington was now estimated to be 64,000 and since 1881 about thir- teen new places of worship had been added. There was an increase in population of 25,000, had they a corree- pending increase in the numbers attending nublic wor- ship ? He doubted it and it was a terrible thought for them to face. What they deplored in Warring- ton was true probably in all other parts of the country but two blacks did not make a white. It appeared to him to be a most profsundiy sorrowful thing, and it should weigh heavily oa the hearts of Christian people. Was not this reason enough for a mission ? In conclusion he hoped that by the mission they would bring about a more earnest care for the things of God and a deeper spiritual life in the people. (Applause.) The Rev.R.Lswis WARBURTON addressed the meeting. He remarked that they were in the midst of dangers greater than England had ever faced before, for be be- lieved the powers that opposed righteousness had grown and would grow until the ler great conflict. Before the new century dawned he wanted them to consider what they could do in the century that was to come. They had opportunities which their forefathers did not possess and by the mission they hoped to call the people to a saner life, and to a higher religion to make a holier nation and a nobler citizenship. (Applause.) The Rev W TOWNEND also made a short speech and explained what arrangements had been made, up to the present. He thought that all Free Churches should be united and he had never seen the reason for twenty six different Methodist denominations. He looked upon the Free Church Council as the greatest movement of the century.

_ Toe usual votes of thanks concluded the meeting.

WARRINGTON *,;ADJOURNED LICENSING

===== 0002601_19001005_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SESSIONS.

Lipton's Refused a Licence.

On Friday morning, the Mayor (Alderman Roberts) pre sided over a full bench of Magistrates at the Borough Police Court, when the adjourned licensing sessions were held.

Lipton's Secretary as a Shopkeeper. Wine Licence Refused.

Mr. Forshaw applied on behalf of William Shaw Carmi- chael, the Secretary of Messrs. Lipton's, Limited, for the renewal of a Wine and Spirit Licence for the shop, Priory- buildings, Bridge-street, Mr. Tobin. Liverpool, opposed the application on behalf of the police. Mr. Forshaw said the licence had been granted b3for eln the name of the Secretary of Lipton's Limited, lie now asked for the renewal of the licence. The company held licences in several Lancashire towns, and the licences were in the name of the secretary of the company. That being so be thought the magistrates would agree that the secretary was a proper person to hold the licence. There was no case upon the point, but in the case of Regina v. Lyon. Lord Justice Smith stated that he thought a secretary zooid apply for a licence on behalf of a limited company. Lord Justice Chitty concurred. Mr. Tobin observed that Lord Justics Chitty left the point over for the magistrates. Mr. Forshaw : You have granted this licence to the secretary before. The Mayor said the question upon which Mr Forshaw had to convince them was that the applicant WAS the keeper of a shop within the meaning of the Act of Parliament. The magistrates present disposition was that the keeper of a shop is entitled to have a licence granted to him. Councillor Smethurst: What has he done to have this opposition ? The Mayor said the question was what had he not done? The ground of objection was that he WAS not the keeper of the shop. Mr Forshaw : The company are the owners of the shops, the secretary of the company keeps them. The Mayor: Is any person other than the responsible occupant of the shop the keeper of the shop? The qoestion is one of co-nmon sense. Is the secretary of bigornpany a shopk,eper within the meaning of the Act of Pamerat ? ale. Monks : This is introducing an entirely new principle. If this is granted we may have drinking shops all over the place. William Shaw Carmichael, the secretary of the company, was called, an said be held the licencs for the shop in Bridge-street. He was in the positioa of a private indivi wei who had a dozen shops. The Mayor: We want evidence that you are the keeper of this shop. Witness produced a minute resarding a resolution of the directors of the company empowering him to appl y for licences all over the country. Mr. Monks said it was not a reasonable thing, and did not come within the meaning of the Act. Mr. Forshaw : I submit that it does. Yan have granted it. Mr. Tobin (to applicant): How many licenoes like this do you hold ? ' Applicant: Over 230. Mr. Tobin You recognize that you are responsible for the good conduct of these snOps ?

Applicant —I arts Mr. Tobin : How ean you be responsible for more than 2CO shops in the provinces when you reside in London. Applicant: I have a system of inspection by which War- rington. as well as other places, is visited by a different inspector every week. Mr. Tobin : You recognize that you are personally respon- sible. How many times have you been to Warrington in the last year ? Applicant : Once in the last six months. The Mayor said the mazistrates had made up their minds. With one exception they unanimously refused to grant the application. Mr. Forshaw said the ease would be taken to the Court of Appeal. He would like the magistrates to say upon what grounds they ref u red the application. The Mayor: The applicant is not qualified according to the Act. _

On Mr. Tobin's suggestion the ground of the refusal was stated to be tbat the applicant was not qualified because he did not keep a shop,

The Long Pull.

The Mayor said that with regard to the remarks made at the opening sessions concerning the question of the long pull, some inquiries had been made as to what was meant by them aski g that long pull should be discontinued. He could only say that what was meant was that anything over or less thin imperial measure should be entirely discontinued. Mr. Browne said he was going to ask a question upon this subject. The matter was now quite clear.

The Proposed Rebuilding of the Wheat Sheaf.

Mr Browne, on behalf of Mesirs Greeneii, Whitley and Company made an A ppl i cation for permission to rebuild the "Wheat Sheaf" Inn, off I-inners Brow. He said the appli- cation was adjourned from the last licensing sessions so that the magistrates ciuld visit the premises and see what could be done. Without going into details he would say it was impossible, owing to the exorbitant and ridiculous price asked for property which was proposed to be demolished, to comply with suggestions made by the mAgistrates. They had bought two cottages behind the public house at reason- able prices but th other two were out of the question. Mr. Monks;: You talk abont impossibility. We had a case before that was impossible but the magistrates solved it. Mr. Browne: When I used the word impossible I did not perhaps use the exact term The price is more than any sane person would give for two little houses like that. Continuing Mr. Browne said his proposal was to go aocordinz to the plane submitted, with one exception and that was to make the rooms loftier and to °lnvert the adjoining shop into a pri- vate dwelling house for the licensee. 't here was at present only one wretched kitchen. for the family to live in, and it was also used by customers. The Mayor (to Mr. Browne) ; We will give you a month to turn round in. _ _

Mr. Browne We are not going to be blackmailed. Trio Mayor said if this applioatiou were granted the value of the property would be incre teed enormously. Provided there was a considemtian of a public oho:actor they would listen to whatever application It was proposed to make. Mr. Monks: We are open to any improvement. Mr. Chandley did not agree with the view taken by the Mayor The Mayor said he represented the majority of the justices who visited the spot. He personaily was extremely reluc- tant, but would go with the majority of the magistrates pro- vided there was same consideration of a public character. The magistrates w.ruld either give a decision now upon the merits of the application or al:ow it to be adjourned for a month.

The Bench deeided to adjourn the applization for a month. Mr Chandley:said he aid not think the town had any busi- ness to expect something in the nature of street improvment for the granting of an application of that kind. If the pi..ce was insanitary the Corporation ought to be glad that the work was being done. The application ought to be dealt with on its merits even if it were good or bad. "tither it vas good on its own reprew nt.Ntion or it was bad and it ought to be decided witkoct any consideration of street irn provernent. _ _

The Mayor said that on that application the Bench would b6enti'led t, go into the whole question of the wants of the neighbourbood. If they were satisfied that he other licences were sufficient they could inquire into the sanitary condition of the house and If it was proved that there was not sufficient domestia accommodation the question would be as to whether the listen° shoald be renewed. This was all the badness..

===== 0002601_19001005_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED.

The twenty-seventh Annual General Meeting was held at the Company's Offices at Warrington, on Thursday. Amongst the shareholders present were the following :—Mr J S Harmood Banner (chair- man), Mr W H Bleckly (deputy chairman),Mr John J Bleckly, Mr George F Pearson, Mr Edward Beck, Mr W Peter Ryland, Mr R Brancker (directors),Mr H S Bleckly, Mc John Knowles, Mr A S Bleckly, Mr Bleckly. Jun.' Mr David Garnett, Mr John Geddes, Dr Fox, Mr C E Bunch, '&r H Jevons, Mr W Richardson, Mr J Hunter, Mr W Sharma, Mr R Bolton, Mr Bleasa (auditor), and Mr Dodds (secre- tary). _ _ _

HARMOOD BANNER, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said it was now 27 years since the Company was founded, and dur- ing that time up to last year there had been no in- crease or alteration in the capital acconnt,although as they would judge by a comparison of the present

ILLIAM BAYLIFF,

Tips, itc., in stock. Various designs of Tables in stock. Patentee of the Two-light Billiard Pendant. Estimates Free. 9, Tyrer street, Hou-itton Street Liverpool. Established 1b47. Telephone 7082,

W. Billiard Table Maker. , _,_ ~, - --..:.: • ',._ \ ---4---- - .....- ~,, ,- -. .,---,4,--- . - .__. Tables Re-Cushionel. Re-Clothed. and Set. Cues, Balls,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 1111 :I ti 1

===== 0002601_19001005_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
- ~ . - - . . , , .. - ' ' . .„ ...-1,." -..-- -- . . Rate,llll . , ... - ..,..s. ak,..... ..., . . .„ ,+),.. ..,,,,..,.• ...z.i„..,•.. •7 . t.... 4111114, ...7 .... •• • . .• .1.40.4...tite.at .' 1 - 1. ' • ,0,1„,...i11f:Am4 .0.1 4 .. • . . . . . • • ..L.....i.1.._. . . "._,:vit., ll,' ' ' . , - .1a- -

PL4.440101e et%Mr

ft • Xi; 406.: 1,611:1

===== 0002601_19001005_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
with previous statements the business of the Com- pany, the turnover, the capacity of output and the assets had enormously increased. Daring last year the small balance of preference capital was issued amounting to £32,300,m0re for the purpose of com- pleting the amount of stock and making the even sum of £.250,000 Preference Stock thau for any- pecuniary nec.N3sity. and they would find on the balance sheet now that the capital account stood this year at £860,000 instead of as in previous years £827,700. This was the only change that had ever taken place in the capital account of thee Com- pany. There never had been and there was not now any debenture stock or charge of that sort upun the Company's accounts. They stood in the position that they could not replace their ironworks or collieries even if they had nothing to pay for leases or goodwill with any- thing like tne amount of capital they had issued, and he thought they might all be justly proud of having brought the Company to this position. This year for the first time for many years the colliery bad produced the larger amount of profit, the pro- portions contributed being about three-fifths colliery and two-fifths ironworks. There had been no doubt about the good trade at the colliery and also,though a little more fitful,in the iron trade. The total wages paid by the Company during the year amounted to £385,000 as compared with £206,000 in 1874, and £275,000 in 1880. The wages would be again higher this year, and whilst they undoubtedly represented more work they also represented a very considerable addition to the individual earnings of each wage-aarner, and ought to add largely to the comfort and well-being of those in the euiploy of the Company. He was sorry, however, to see that high wages did not mean increased output, so far as coal was concerned ; the total output of this year, notwithstanding every effort of the managers, not being quite equal to that of the previous year. The total sales of the Company, coal, iron and engineering, amounted to .C 1,454,000 and a consideration of this figure would show them how they required capital to do their trade and where so much of their money went to, in book debts and stocks. He should like to add one word of tribute to their Managing Directors at both the iron and coal departments, and to their deputies, for the energy, ability, and care with which they had handled these vast sums for the benefit of the Company.

Mr. W. H BLEcluirin seconding the report re- markei that no man of experience and ordinary intelligence could look upon the world-wide com- petition for business Iwhilh was now going on without grave apprehension, but no Englishman worth his salt would lose his grip upon our an- cestral trade without fighting with the determina- tion to win and'using all the weapons which the natural resources of this country :and the industry of its people had provided for him.—A dividend at the rate of six per cent per annum on the prefer- ence shares and a dividend at the rate of fourteen per cent free of illeQolo tax on the ordinary shares was declared.—The usual votes of thanks con- cluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
tfl r • • AM A E The Noted House for Cycling, - Tennis, Golfing, Boating Suits, C. Sole Makers of the Famous "SHORLAND" Cycling Shoe, and - 4- N . „ The "REFEREE" Sanitary All-Wool Clothing, for Cyclists and Athletes. _ \f. t;s3/ ..cll4l\

he " 2EFERk SWEATER is the acme a comfort. Made in fine °rhea\ best Scotch WOOl white or grey, butt, front, from 4/1 Better qualiti 6/11, 8/11, in white, grey brown.

The New" COLLAR-BAND" SWEATER. For attaching Linen Cellar, white or grey, 4/11; white, grey, or brown, 6/11.

The New "GAMAGE" CARDIGAN SWEATER. To wear over ordinary vest, button front, white or grey, 516, 7#3. Fancy heather mixtures, 816. The " GAMSOO." With deep turn-down collar, no buttons, white or grey, 21/11, 5111.

If Orders over 10/- Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). Write for General Illustrated Catalogue, Post Free. A. W. GAMAGE, Ltd., HOLBORN, LONDON, E.C. • ,s, LI e..) e,' • ...0,4•••. 4.'‘. •

CYCLINa 'OCKIN

ponch:seoferrea Waterproof 4/11, 5/11, 6/6, 7/11149'

...lain Legs, Postage 3d.

W 0 Felt' E-11 P GL; I A A BOX.

TOURING SWEATERS The largest varlet in the trade. From 2/11,

5 4 4 e 4 4 + -A4 4 +

7 ER 11111111#11118/1A ,f 'lllll No "Until ! v:•.N..,\\ a Ai ' iten Pill 41111 H 11:1111 ;les, #ll dill I or ftIIII.IDIW 'NW*

===== 0002601_19001005_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
„ r ' -4 6 14 Lei !tit), • • • -74 Ft ' , • g, • vgit.

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipationv Winds

Weak Stomach, impaired rsfigeston9

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. 11d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19001005_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
( rr 015 5z- n 6-6M-6-6-6-6-6/nM-EMPS Nothing steadies the nerves 1 and clears the brain lik.2 a strong cup of SYMI.NGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Ess?nce, In bottles from all Grocers. 82 ______

===== 0002601_19001005_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TUB NBW FRIOICH: REMIMY.

TJ.ITERAPION. Tpohpisti;isnrectr+s,smf ueld andv ah, igehmly. ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord B,ostanJobert. Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, I lotches, pains avd swell- ings of the joints, kidney. Uladder. and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, eahaustion,sleeplessuess,nervoui. and physical debility, etc. Thempion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseasss for which Intended. Full p rticulars send stamped addressed envelope for phamphlet to

: MR. It. JOHNSON, 43. HoLFORD-SQUARE , LONDON, W.C.

THU WANT OF THE DAY. MAKBS STABOHED LINBN,LIKB NEW.

THE GREATEST I BOON ever of- ered to the Laundress ,r imparting an Ivory inish t o Starched .ifien. Laces, etc. & toeinot stick to sp:der- ,.:l3 - like materials. :hie° tied al ways 'anted. Used In the Foy I_ Laundries,

Should he used in erery house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packe!s, at 3d., and 6d. Prepared only T. CRITCHLta. Black-burn.

CR!lentil! ry iIL9"LLIS 41: , w S LO

tE.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
9 IPt

oast',

CURES when all other Remedies fail.

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AK) SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It ;Softens and Removee all hard calloities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes, vu of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SOP, Chemists, CHELTENHAM,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
(L,; 4t4,

=FP

. , •

.

, ,

II

fi 1

1 i 4

' J I

===== 0002601_19001005_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
q 7 ! '4' ) ) 'I ji \ ) ' . I . “ N 4 ' j V 7 \, , .7.- li).. . a., ',!., , . milllllialh

===== 0002601_19001005_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL ELECTION

WARRINGTON. Result Of the Poll.

Thursday was polling day at Warrington, the candidates being Mr. A. H. Crosfield (L), and Mr. Robert Pisrppint (C). During the whole of the morning wretched weather prevailed, rain falling incessantly. Consequently some difficulty was experienced in getting voters to the polling booths. At noon, however, a large number of workingmen recorded their votes. In the after- noon the rain ceased, and the polling continued more briskly until eight o'clock in the evening, when the ballot boxes were conveyed to the Town Hall. Shortly before ten o'clock the result was de- clared by the Mayor as follows :

R. Pierpoint 4168 A H Croefield(L).—.—.—.—.—.—... ...—... 3303

Conservative Majority 1165 LkEIT ELECTION (1895) : R. Pierpoint (C), 4,0011; P. B. Scott (14, 3,326 ;—Majority 675.

ST. HELENS. Result 07.171 Polling.

Polling took place at St. Helens yesterday, the candidates being Mr. Seton-Karr (Conservative), and Mr. Conybeare (Liberal,) The result was as follows : Seton Karr (C.) ....-.....-....- .......... 5300 Conybeare(L.)....... .......... -.......-.... 3402

Conservative majority

===== 0002601_19001005_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

SIR J. T. BRUNNER'S CANDIDATURE.

Great Meeting at Runcorn. COMPLETE REP-El 7 TO SAMSON.

Winnington Workmen Vindicate their Employers. The Real Issues of the Contest.

The Public Hall Runcorn on Saturday night was crowded with an enthusiastic gathering of the sup- porters of Eir J. T. Brunner's candidature. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., who was supported on the platform by Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart., Dr. Bowman, F C.S., Messrs. A. R. Norman, C.C., J. J. Howitt, J. W. Deakin. J. R. Frith, John . Wilson. J. Turnbull, E. Marshall, G S. Frith, J. M. Frith, W. Pendlebury. W. Millington, W. Handley, fl W Handley and others. When Mr. Taylor took the chair Sir John Brun- ner had not put in an appearance, and, when he did so a little later there was a tremendous out- burst of enthusiasm. The vast audience rose en masse cheering wildly and waving hats and hand- kerchiefs, and even ladies moved by the wave of excitement took part in the outburst. It was some minutes before the meeting could be pro- ceeded with. From this point onwards the meeting was characterised by genuine enthusiasm. No point for nor against was allowed to escape without re- cognition, and the few Tories who were present and tried to make a diversion in favour of Mr. Samson's candidature, by their half-hearted criesof "Pro-Boor," were swamped by furores of cheering as sincere as they were spontaneous. In the course of his address Mr. Taylor said ; Sir John Brunner had come before them once again for the purpose of soliciting their support of his candidature. One would have thought after the defeat of the Tories five years ago they would not have had the courage and pluck to come forward again. They had gone through the whole of Cheshire trying to find a Cheshire candidate. (Rear. hear.) But there was not a Cheshire gentleman willing to face the ordeal, for they knew perfectly well what the result would be. (Applause.) In their rounds, however, they had come across a gentleman to fight the constituency;but he Mr Taylor venturedto , say there were not ten people in Runcorn that knew or had ever heard of the Tory candidate before. (Applauee j They had in the days before the fran- chise, had Tory representatives in the division. It always used to be Egerton, Leigh, and Warburton ' —(laughter)—or a variation of those three names. But they never saw those gentlemen only on the occasion of elections, and occasionally when they got a " walk over" he ventured to say they never saw them at all. (Applause.) It used to be the boast of those people that Runcorn supported them, but when the workingmen got their votes and the flit) franchise, it was the last they saw of Egerton. Wf_irburton and Co. ai!'9r andZNlall On the other band Sir J. T. Brunner had serve for something like 15 yam (Hear, heat) it -vedia be a rade a time to recount all that Sir Jehn had done ; but he Would say, that in every good work that had tended to the benefit of the people of the Division; and of the whole of Ches- hire; as well as other places. Sir John had always taken part—(applause)—and he was that day one of the most prominent men in the House of Com- mons. (Applause.) What had Sir John done for Rurcorn 3—[A. Voice: What has he done?] Ur. Taylor: I will tell you—(hear, hear)—and will be obliged to you if you will come forward and can contradict all that I say he has done for Runcorn. (Cheers.) In the present day they were all educa- tionalists; and they knew what a strong educa- tionalist Sir John was, (Applause.) Mr. Taylor then, amidst most enthusiastic outbursts of ap• plause. recounted all that Sir John Brunner had Ilene for the School Board in the matter of the Granville-street School, and for the Technical In- stitute. All of which was work they could appre- ciate as it conduced to the putting of the working- mae'a son on a level with his more fortunate brother (Cheers.) Then again they could never forget the generosity of Mr. Brunner when he almost half kept the poor of Runcorn during the terrible days of the cenl strike. !Cheers.) When eontributwi £5O a week to alleviate their distress. (Renewed cheers.) Could they find it single thing that the representative of the Tories had done for Runcorn. (Cries of "No.") Now that was not all the good that, Sir John had done,and he cowl go on for some time and recount his good work. (Hear,heftr.) When they could get men like Sir John Brunner to represent them, he thought it was one of the greatest benefits they had in the Division. There were 20 constituencies that would pimp at Sir John Brunner to-morrow—(ap- plause)—not for what they could get out of him, but because he was one of the hardest workingmen in the House of Commons (Cheers) In conclusion Mr Taylor said he would not believe that the North- wich Division and especially Runcorn would refuse n man they knew to be tried and faithful as Sir :kiln Brenner was, for another who was an untried politician as far as the Northwich Division was con- cerned. Such a course would be a-calamity to the Division. and the sooner they showed the Tories, they meent, to adhere to Liberal principles the better. (Lond enplause.) Dr. Bowman, who was accorded a hearty recep- tion, in the course of his remarks said that Mr. sissgoet the Tory Candidate was as much a friend of hi a as Fir John Brunner. (Cheers.) Hence his Position in sneakina about them was a little em- barosesiog Look at. the two men! it John was wel2-known throughout the Distrie as a loyal member to the cause of Liberalism, an I as a large employer of labour, and there wae not a man living and not a firm living, that had done so much for the worlting men as Sir John and he firm to which he belonged. (Cheers.) There was no doubt that one of the most important foundations that the British Emnire sto.d noon was its succeasful commerce—(*p. Plan4.)—Land Sir John Brunner was in the highes' sense a great commercialist and tradesman, and by th. ox- rapSiOn Of his trade which went into all parts of the British Empire, had done a great deal for tke expansion of the Emcire. (Cheers.) As an employer of labour too his position was an unique one. (Cheers.) Who,oi the other hand was the other gentleman ? He was 19,417 r (Laughter.) He had nothing to say against lawyers, but h. would say there were too many boyers in the House of Commons—(Cheors)—and the fact that there were en many there no doubt contributed to the complicatiens which rendered Acts of Parliament re- diculous. It was time they en': a little simplicity into the legislation of the land. (Cheers). Rut they would sot get that if a lawyer wa called into the Me..

(Laughter and applause). There was nothing else be knew of that recommended Mr. Samson to them, and he was quite satisfied that the Liberals would vote for Sir John Brunner and secure his seat with an over- wlltlining majority. (Cheers.) Indeed, there was no question about his return : it was only a question of what the m3j3rity would be. (Renewed cheers.) In the first place let them look at how the Tories had conduced the election. By fighting the election on an old register they had disfranchised large numbers of people whom at any rate the Liberals would have been glad to have waited for. Then they had put forward the settlement of the war at; the issue of the election and took shelter under the glory of khaki. (Shame) He ventured to ray that the Liberals were as patriotic and proud of their country and empire as the Tories claimed to be. (Cheers.) Dr. Bowman then criticised the policy of Lord Salisbury over the Siam question, when we bad bees obliged to ignobly skeedaddle " from that place. (Hear, hear.) Then followed the miserable arrangement of Tunis. (Applause.) France and Germany also left that place. but they secured for colonies concessions that Lord Salisbury did not. (Shame.) Indeed Lord Salisbury forgot the vast colonies of the British Empire. Be could go on almost indefinitely to enumerate such cases. (Applause.) [A Voice: What about General Gordon ?] Dr. Bowman : We cannot go thatifar back now, but I venture to say that the further you go back the better the comparison 83 far as Liberalism is concerned. (Cheers.) The Tory Government had committed grave errors, and would do so again and again if net for the oppositionlof such men as Sir J Brunner. (Applause.) Therefore be could assure them that the issue of the election was not one Mr Chamberlain had brought before them. [Voice: No. What about Wlnnington ?] Sir Jchn Brunner: You will get enough of Winniugton before I have done with you. (Loud cheers). Continu- ing Dr Bowman then criticised the home policy of the Government they had got into power five years ago principally through the promise of old-age pensions and through the promise of all things for the iintereet of the working people, but they had since forgotten those things whilst remembering the landlords and the clergy. (Applause). There was one issue which, however, bad been brought prominently before them and that was th 3 need of drastic reform in the war office. (Cheers.) That too ought to be done by the next Parliament. Be asked which of the two parties was the most likely, to carry out that reform satisfactorily? Was it:not the Liberal Party, who, when in power in the Sixties introduced reforms in the constitution and administration of the Army and Navy which bad enabled the Government to put in the field such forces as they Lad been able to. (Loud cheers.) In conclusion he urged them all to support Sir John and the Liberal Party, who had done so much in the past to earn for and maintain the honour and prestige of the country, and who were the most likely to look after the honour in the years to come. (Loud cheers). Inception of Winnington.

Sir John Brunner was greeted with a storm of cheer- ing ana " He's a jolly good fellow " on rising, atri it was several minutes before he could pr-mod with his speech. He said he bad been asked to tell over again the po.ition his firm bad taken for years with regard to the workmen. There was no better set of fellows work- ing for any employer from John o' Groats to Land's End than those who worked for him. (Applause.) He bh- lieved the reason of that was that he had always ben kindly disposed towards them and they returnPd that kindly feeling towards him. He started in 1873 with his partner Dr. Mond having saved £BDO out of his wages at Widoes and having a promise from his father and his mother-in-law of money on loan to start in busi- ness and be found when he went lot, the Salt District, where he was bound to go in order to get brine that the wages there were very low. Wages bad gone uo a good deal more than half since then. (Applause.) He found in one di,trict it was impossible to get a freehold and he would not put a valuable works on anything short of a freehold and that gave him a lesson which ought to be a lesson to them that until they amendcd the land laws and enabled every intending manufacturer, no matter what his business might be, to obtain a freehold wher- ever he settled, they would never have full prosperity for this country and this empire. (Hear, hear.) There was no country in the world where the land laws told so heavily against business aa in England. Treatment of Workmen.

The firm was started in October 1873 and from that until October 1879 the market price of alkali fell, and then stopped and Dr. Mond and he agreed that it was time they did something for the benefit of their men. They resolved in the first instance, to give a week's holiday and.a week'a pay with it to every man who was Ftoady. (Applause.) They were now tc-Elay spending at Winnington alone, leaving oat the other works, between £5,000 and £6,000 a year in giving this holiday and pay. In 1889 the firm's progperity was so great that they decided to further improve the condition of the men by changing the divisien of the day from two shifts of 12 hours to three shifts of eight hours. Twelve hours a day for seven days was a dog's life. There had been talk of a compulsory eight hours day f )1. miners but most miners only worked five and six days and SO7lO only 4i days, and in his opinion if they were to legislate for an absolutely eight hours day, let them begin with the men who were bound to work seven days a week for their case was much harder than the miners who only worked five days a week. (Hear, hear.) The firm looked forward-to -iteravy- lose from this change of two shifts to three shifts, and they asked the men to suffer a reduction of ten per cent. from their wages. At the end of a year they made fa calculation and found that although the cost of the change had been consider- able it was much less than they expected, and they gave back to the mea the ten per cent. reduction (Applause). So since 1890 their men got paid exactly the same wage for eight hours as they did formerly for twelve burs. (Applause). In the year 1895 they put all th-ir thy ars at Winnington on what was care I the 48 hours week. (Applau4e), Sir John speaking on compensV i for accident, said Mr. Chamberlain's Workmen'J Com- pensation Act was an absolute sham and was full of ridiculous anomalies that cinstitut,ed a rava injustice t) all classes of workmen. In the year IEBO was palsied the Employers Liability Bill, which clntained many qualifying clauses, but from 1881 to 1900 at Brunner Mond' works, when a man had been injured they hld given - -

===== 0002601_19001005_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
rat AND rAta COMPENSATIO`.q.

and had never asked whether tht verkmm we-n at fault or not. (applausv). Brunner and Mond had never had an action brought against them. On Thursday last over a thousand of the firm's workmen having heard Mr. L. Mend's candidature was being attacked in the same dirty fashion as his candidature was being attacked, without the knowledge of him (Sir John) or his colleagues, stirred by the

INDIGNATION' OF HONEST ENGLISHMEN against false aclusations passed this resolution "We workmen of Brunner, Mond and Company hereby declare that the charges made against tnem of unjust and uafair treatment are grossly untrue. We are paid wages in all departments to the full satisfaction of Trades Unions. No men are ever fined half-a-crown for losing a quarter—(" that was another false accusation" interjected Sir John)— fines had not been imposed for many years, and when they were imposed the proceeds were banded over for the benefit of the Workmen's Sick Club. (Applause.) The so-called age limit has never been put in operation. 1,110 hands have been taken en since February, 1898, all of whom were over 30 years of age. (Cheers.) Foreigners are net employed to the detriment of Englishmen. (Applause.) Of nearly 6,000 hands employed by Brunner, Mond,and Co., there are not tea foreigners." (Prolonged cheers.) He (Sir Jr hn)lwas told that wherever be went his opvonent tried to prove him a prc-Boer. He cossidered this AS BASE AN ACCUSATION

as could be brought against an Engli,h member of Par- liament, to say that he was against his own country. (Applause ) On the previous night at Runcorn Mr. Samson said he intended to fight the battle on political lines. Let that be done. (Hear, hear.) Let them have no attacks upon his private character as an employer. (Applause.) Re had never accuvd Mr. Samson of assaulting his private reputation bu': Mr. S imson's followers bad made numerous accusations with regard to his relations with his friends who worked for him at Winnington, sold Mr. Samson must deny these accusa- tions against him or he mist be bell respoesible for taking advantage of the lies that were being eirculattd (Applause.) Mr. Samson so far as he knew hed never let withdrawn himself from the responsibility for these acciations. Mr. Samson he believed to be a gentleman, let him take his (Sir John's) word as a gentleman. (Ap- plause. Mr. Samson had characterised his statement that a fifth of the electors would be disfranchised by this election as utter balderdash. Thlt was

===== 0002601_19001005_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
vcRY SWEET INDEED

Sir John proved his statsment by facts and fizures, and referring to Mr. Samson's slaim that if the soldiers were back from the war, there would be 200,000 more Union- ht voters, Sir John said if the Government believed that why on earth did not they wait for them' (Laughter and applause.) The Liberal party at any rate would rather have waited for an election in January, in ord.r that theFe men might have come home and told their own tale and given their votes. (Applaus.i.) Mr. Samson had had a great deal to sty about the

===== 0002601_19001005_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
STOP THE WAR COMMITTEE

and thl resolnio-n-s- nassed at a--meating in Exeter H Qn January 11th, 1900, arid challenged him to answer thee questions :—."Were you or were you not a mem- ber of the Stop the War Committee? No. (Cheers.) "Did you oversubscribe to till funds of that Committee ?" No. (Renewed cheering.) As to the charae that he had voted againe, money for the war, that was untrue. He had nscertained absolutely that he had never voted against supplies for the war. (Cheers.) It was an alle- gation against him by Mr. Samson that he voted in favour of Mr. Stanhops's amendwent to the address. If they had read Mr. Stanhope's amendment.if they had known and realised, as hoartityas he did, the utter lank of preparation of the Government, thair abominable mismanspement of the war they would have voted for it too—(cbeers)—aq he had vet.d for it. He was proud of having voted for it. Next there was the meeting at Westminster Palace Hotellind the resolutions passed there. He voted for those resolutions and would vote for them again. He was not sent by them ta support

===== 0002601_19001005_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER' FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.

the Tories, he was sent by them to declare Radical through his, or its accredited agent, has principles and vote for them. (Cheers.) Now all his a right to reply, if necessary through the law Radical scruples taught him this, that when he sent courts and rebutt the assertion; and the necessity men to face danger and death in the service of the of replying is obviously accentuated when the CMOS country he should do by them as he would they should of responsibility is made to rest, for party purposes, do by him. (Cheers.) He as no: a pro-Boer but he on the most prominent man in the firm—in this was pro-Tommy Atkins. (Cheers.) And for the govern- case Sir John Brunner. It is apparent that the meet to send out troops as they did last autumn, secretary replies not from any personal party without proper guns and without cavalry motive but in order to protect the interests of the was exposing them to awful dangers that firm, which are liable. t "fcharge they against obe damaged the they could not possibly overcome and time the Chairman of the Company can be after time disaster fell upon our troops through the lack of preparatien and the lack of foresight and the lack of courage of the Tory Government. (Cheers) sustained. It is, therefore, probably absurd for anyone to state that Mr. Brock, the secretary, has Mr Samson also made it a charge against him that he issued the circular " for the purpose of influencing took part in a meeting at Liverpool for Mr Ceurtney,as+ the workmen employed by the Company:' It is brave an Eaglishman as ever stepped in shos leather. rather to lay bare the true facts of the case so that He sat in the chair and listened to Mr Courtney and he no mistaken prejudices, may stand between Sir did not agree with Mr Courtney. On other occasions Mr John Brunner and the workmen of the North wich Samson tried to fix him (Sir John) to the resolutions Jivision. In the " Shareholders second oNection passed but in this instance where he moved a resolution the true meaning is contorted by the half-truth 80 from the chair he did not mention it. If they would subtly narrated that Brunner Mond and Co, took at the Liverpool" Daily Post" of a few day; sue- Limited, do not take on men over 30 years at all. ceeding May 31st they would find the; the reseution he assented to there was not a resolution of -condemnation The fact is that they do take on men over 30 years of annexation of the two Republics,because he had seen of age, but they do not guarantee to such a pension from the very beginning that when Mr Kruger and Mr whilst men joining the works before the age oi 30 are Steyn declared war against us and invaded Betish terri- tory. the doom of those two Republics as independent pensioned off when they become too old for work. The closing sentence of the speech already quoted. states was sealed. Ni, he was read in conjunction with the preceding sentence NOT A PRO-BOER clearly means, "They did not take on new hands but he was anti-Tery. Every labour leader had con- over thirty years of age," and give a pension. Let demised the negotiations that led to the war and if he it be, however,admitted that such a rule was posted agreed in the main with these men was be therefore to be callei a pec-Boer. (" No " and " Yes.") When Mr up and actually came into force no one can reason- • Samson had done a tenth part of the labour he had ably object to the directors' wishes to see men over rendered in the service of this country, in the thirty years of age, when it is considered that the service of the Empire and in the service of his works contain about 6,000 hands and between:6o neighbours he would be enabled to talk upon the subject and 70 foremen Who are at liberty to employ men. (Cheers). The Liverpool" Express" one day during It would spell ruin if men were employed who the week made a statement which amused him very were eventually found incapable and it is, there- much, that he had once given a thousand pounds to an fore, absolutely necessary to keep a strict watch Irish Secret Society. (Laughtes). This was a terrible over all departments. especially that of labour, to accusation but unfortunately for the newspaper which p prevent any unnecessary loss; but, such a rule, if it üblisbed it there was not a word of truth in it. He were posted up never came operation and was from never gave any money to a secret society in his life. He the first a dead letter. This statement is easily never gave a thousand pounds to any secret testimony of 'the men themselves, th by e society except the respectable and respected body proved , - of Freemasons; to them he had given money and ten Friday last .°S.As September, a mass meeting of the only possible foundation there could be to the workmen of Brunner, Amid and Co.. Limited, this 'story, was that many years ago he was the following resolution was passed" We the work- looking forward to very greet distress in Ireland men of Brunner, Mond, Co„ Limited, hereby declare and he wrote a letter to the London "D aily News " that the charges of unjust or unfair treatment are enclosing a cheque for £l,OOO as the beginning of a fuer] grossly exaggerated. We are paid wages in all de- to relieve the expected distress in Ireland. (Cneers.) Mr John Dillon and Mr Timothy Healey replied that Ireland partoaents to the full satisfaction of trade unionists. wNo men are fined 2s 6d for losing a quarter. Fines as quite able to maintain the distressed and his have not been imposed fsr very many years, and cheque was respectfully declined. This could be the only possible foundation for the silly story. (Hear, when they were they were hande.l to the benefit of ' the workingmen'e sick club. The so-called age limit hear). Mr Samson laid upon the Liberal party the i has not been n operation. 1.100 hands have been blame of the agitation with regard to Hospitals in South -- Africa. He (Si s John) did not think that the deficiency taken on since February 1889, all of whom were of medical comforts and medicine and medical attend- over 30 years of age. Foreigners are not employed ants was a matter to be treated lightly and he gave all to the detriment of Englishmen. Of nearly 6,000 honour to Mr Bardett-Coutts, a Tory, who was the hands employed by the Company there are not ten author of the Hospital Committee and net the Liberal foreigners. This statement should convince a party. He gave Mr Burdett-Coutts all honour that he "Shareholder" that the charges made against Sir forced the hand of the Government to have an open John Brunner are as malevolent as they are false, inquiry into the allegations. (Cheers). He scouted the tome little Englander. an las dispicable as they are absurd. Let the issue between the two candidates be the broad Imperial The British Empire policies of the Liberal and Conservative parties, and had been and must be, if Englishmen were to maintain let it not be cramped within the narrow domains their glorious traditions, a symbol all the word over of of local affairs. the promotion of human freedom. (Cheers.) His (Sir John's) business went to the whole of the British Thanking you in anticipation for inserting this Empire. There was not a corner of the British Empire letter in your valuable paper, I am, etc., with which tie did not trade, and there was very little of A. H. D. his business that went beyond the bounds of the British Empire. He was bound as a man of business to work for and desire the prosperity and expansion of the British Empire. How far Mr Samson went he had not inquire]. (" Not far" and "Ship Cut.") (Laughter.) Then they would see that as a Radical politician desiring all human freedom as a business man,he also desired tele prosperity land expansion of the British Empire. He yielded to no , Tory living in his admiration and have of Empire. (Cheers.) He hoped to devote the remaining years of his life to their service, but if, as he had said in his address, any voter in this constituency honestly believed that his opponent had been or was likely to be a better friend to England, a better friend to Cheshire and better friend to them, he was at liberte ee ear as he was concerned, to declare that belief and back that belief at the ballot bow. (Cheers). eer- J. W. Deakin (ceairrnan of the Nerthwich Di - s,rict Council) then came forward and proposed the ,usual resolution of confidence is Sir John Brunner, and pledging the meeting to support him at the poll. The resolution was received most heartily. He said they had been told much of what Sir John Brunner's firm and him- self had done ; bat he had something to say that was perhaps neck Lo them, and which had been withheld through the modesty of Sir John. Indeed, he only men- tioned it now, because the 30 years business had been played upon, and he thought that now that was die- posed of. (Applause.) Sir John was to be allowed to reap the credit on the other hand. (Cheers.) When the war beim one of the first cheques he received was one for £5OO from the firm of Brunner, Mond and Co., and that was received for the relief of the dependents of soldiers at the front. (Cheers.) But that was not Daring the whole of the time the war had been in pro- gress in South Africa the men at Winningtoa had made a collection in the worksjot the dependents and wives of the soldiers at the front. (Applause.) The firm had also, independent of the local funds, provided for the wives and families of every man that had left their em- ployment for the front out of their own pockets—(re- newed cheers)—and kept the jobs for every single one of them until they returned. (Cheers.) Was that corn- petible with Pro-B erism ? (Cries of No ! No ! and cheers). Mr W Millington seconded the resolution, and said it was a pity the Tories had not entered the contest on the broad issues of general plitio. Pear, hear,) He took it they were Liberdle, and ab Sad] they scree going to see that it was a fair battle of Tory verses Radical. (Applause.) They were prepared to support Sir John Brunner, because be was a :right-down good Radical. (Cheers). Mr. J, J. Howitt, who supported the resolution, spoke of tb.e fact that when Messrs. Brenner, Mond and Co., had bought up Messrs Bowman Thompson'e Works, they took over the buildings, maahinery and men. (Applause.) An Elfctor : It has been said, sir, that 600 in en were in consequence of that flung out of work. We should like to have that matter cleared up. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hewitt That is not true. (Cheers). Whet happened was that the whole of the men—and they knew he (himself) had taken them with him from Rue- corn—had been taken on. And everyone of them had the opportunity of staying. (Renewed cheers). Further whilst the transfer was going on and men were temporarily out of work Brunner Mood and Co , gave them two weeks' wages, gratis, whilst they were arranging to take them on. (Loud cheers). Tncss •were the facts, and he ventured to say there was not another firm in the world that would have acted as generously. (Increased cheers.) He could also say that everyone of the men had been satisfied with the trans- fer (Renewed cheers). - Sir John Brunner answering the elector said that the statement was without the least shadow of foundation, and he appealed to them was it not time that people who issued such statements should be kicked out of the county. (Cries of "Yes !" and cheers.) Mr. Hewitt, in concluding, said in Nerthwich they had issued a cartoon which represented the gentleman and the milkmaid. The gentleman was Mr Samson, and the maid was Miss Northwich. Miss Northwich was saying "I have given my love to another." (Cheers and applause.) Having criticised the general policy of the Government Mr Hewitt concluded by dwelling on the Compensation Act, and illustrated how the firm of Brunner, Mond and Co., had forestalled the Govern- ment with an old age pension scheme that did credit to them. (Loud applause.) The resolutien was carried with three hearty cheers and "He's a jolly good fellow," greeted Sir John as he rose to respond. Sir John Bruaner with marked feelings thenied al present for his reception, and particularly he friends on the platform who had so completely vindicated his character. In addition to what had been slid he wn,ll also add he had no shares in "Kynech's "—eheere— Ind he had no shares in " Hoskins." (Renewed cheers.) When he had the honour of again representine thorn in Parliament he would jealously guard the old f erred Liberal principles of British statesmanship whi ,h had contributed so much to the nation's well-being and the extension of the E npire. (Applause.) He'then na iv d a vote of thanks to Mr. Taylor for presiding.

Mr. A. R. Norman seconded, and the motioa was carried unanimously. Mr. Howitt leading off' He's a jolly good fallow." The meeting ten disparsed.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir John T. Brunner and the Work-

man's Age Limit. [TO THE EDITOR OF THE EXAMINER.]

Sir.—ln a Liverpool contemporary there is a letter from a shareholder "that refers to a circu- lar accompanying Sir John Brunner's election address, sent by Mr. Brock, the secretary of Brunner, Mond, & CD., disclaiming the statement made by Mr. Sampson the Unionist candidate and his supporters that the firm "Never took on new workmen over 30 years of age." The correspondent in the first place protests against the secretary interfering in the election, and in the second protests against the extract from the speech made by Sir John Brunn.?.r on January 28th 1899, which concludes " Was it fair, however, that men should come to them at the age of 30 and after a few years' service ask the firm to pension them for the rest of their lives? They could not take on new hands over 30 years of age." Now, everyone must admit that when an absolutely false statement is circulated or half a truth is told instead of the whole truth about any person or firm, he or it,

===== 0002601_19001005_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
The Combination.

WARRINGTON V. NEWTON.—&t Warrington on Satur- day. Several alterations were made in the home team, and Newton brought their strongest possible eleven. Mr Robert Pierpoint, the Conservative candidate for War- rington, kicked off amid much enthusiasm,and play was immediately taken to the visitors' quarters. Flannigan relieved, and Hill and Warren, the visitors' right wing immediately became dangerous. Warrington were penalized, but Cook managed to save. Some clever for. ward play by Warrington followed, and Rowbottom centring, Riley had no difficulty in beating Horro7.ks. Warrington continued to attack, and from a forward movement on the left Flannigan nearly let down his side by a miskick. Momentary relief was afforded hy Harrison, and Butler made a feeble attempt to, score,but his shot went wide. Broster and Ellis were conspicuous on the Warrington left, and the former narrowly missed augmenting the score with a strong cross shot. Hill robbed Riley, but again Warrington left were seen to advantage, and some pretty passing between Broster, Murray, and Stewart ended in the latter scoring the second goal for the home team. The visitors were fre- quently pulled up for fouls. Kenny and Butler trans- ferred play into the home quarters, but their shooting was very erratic. The visitors took the ball into War- rington territory, and from Dilworth's miskick Kenny scored. Half time :—Warrington, two; Newton. one. During the interval. Mr. A. H. Crosfield visited the ground in company with some of his supporters. After the restart Newton early on equalised. and play after- wards became of an even nature. Near the close War- rington became very aggressive, and efforts by Riley and Stewart were only made futile by the striking work of the visiting backs. A minute from the close of the game Stewart scored from close ranee amidst much ex- citement. Newton retaliated, and starting from centre tick the ball through the Warrington backs and scored with a long oblique :shot. The whistle then sounded with the score three goals each.

LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. Earlestown v Southport Central.

After an abcence of a fortnight Earlestown turned out on the Mesnes enclosure on Saturday to receive the annual League v;sit of Southport Central. Last saason the Central were soundly thrashed when they played the corresponding fixture, and they there- tore ovidently had this in their minds' eye on Saturday, for from the beginning to the end of the game they were far and away the better lot and with a little luck, their victory of one to nil might easily have been greatly increased. However the goal which by the way was not scored until the last few minutes had been entered upon—was sufficient to ensure them the coveted two points. Up to Saturday the re- cords of the two clubs were very similar, each having 'won two and lost one although the Sandgrounders had ' slightly the better goal average. The Earlestown team had undergone two or three important changes, the recent exhibitions of some of the players not having given satisfaction. The goal ke per and backs were the same as usual but in the intermediate line, Clibborn played vice Whitehouse, who was moved to inside left, whist Bartley wa4 shifted to centre forward. Bell being found a place at inside right, owing to Leach being unable to play. The Central were without Leadbetter, their centre half, who has signed on for West Bromwich Albion and Atherton. their fast outside right; but Kay, who took Atherton's place played a splendid game throughout, and even if the latter player had been on, the wing play could hardly have been better, The teams will how- ever he better understood by the following list:—Earlestown : Chow, goal ; Hey es and Cottam. backs; Pennington, Green, Clibborn, half backs ; Morgan, Bell, Bartley. Whitehouse and Settle, forwards. Southport Central, Rimrner, goal ; Spark and Smith, hacks ; Sinclair, Tasker, and Tati-ertsall half-backs ; Kay Shadboult, Lang, Watson and Halsall, forwards. The attendance wag not very large at the commencement, only about 500 spectators being present whcn Bartley set the ball in motion on behalf of the homesters against a strong wind, but with the hill in their favour. The resumption of hostilitiea in the second half saw the Central again on the offeniive and after an exci'ing scrimmage in the goal mouth C-ittann headed the hail into his own goal and although Chew fisted the leather away the referee awarded a goal evidently being of opinion that the sphere had passed ovar the line. The game had only just been resum d when the whistle blew with the Saudgrouuders victorious by one goal to nil.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
MINING.

Sierra Morena Copper Mine, Limited.

The cheapest shares now on offer are undoubtedly those of the abnve undertaking, the present quotation being 11-1. The Sierra Morena is a fully developed and going concern, and rank; high amongst copper mines. One:of the features of this prnp,rty, a notable IMA in these days, is its small capitalization (280,000), this being the smallest on record for a copper mine or this importance. The lat*st reports from the mine are most encouraging, and it is anticipated that the Serra Morena will bold a premier position amongst dividend paying mines of the world.

Purchasers at the current low prices 3.1-3/4. are mast likely to see a handsome profit at an early date.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

POLICE CASES

At the Earlestown Police Station, on Monday morning, before Mr. Collingwood, James Edgeley, was charged with being drunk on Saturday and was tined 5s and cots.— kdam Hart, of Haydock, for a similar offence was fined 28 61 and costs. ST. JOHN'S YOUNG MEN'S CLASS.

In connection with this class a social gathering was held in the Mission Hall, Earlestown,on Satur- day evening. There were about 90 persons present, and an excellent tea was partaken of, the tables being presided over by Mrs G Dale, Mrs R Thorne, Mrs Rothwell, Misses Spencer, Boon and Sutton. Alter tea,games and dancing were indulged in, the music being supplied by the Earlestowa Orchestral Society, a very pleasant evening being spent. The whole of the arrangements were carried out by the committee, with Mr Warburton as secretary. BARLESTOWN AND DISTR ICT P.S A. SOCIETY.

The Winter Session was opened on Sunday by what was termed an open Conference. There was only a mo&rate attendance, doubtless due to counter attractions at other places of worship. Mr Williamson pre.ided, and the chief business was the election of officials. Mr Dring, the town Missionary wa6s unable to be present owing to ill- ness, but he was unanimously elected Pre,ident, Mr. R. Thompqoa was appointed secretary. Ai r S Dring. principal Musical Director and Master A Dring, assistant. The whole of last Sessions Com- mittee were re-appointed. A discussion was opened upon the best way to improve on the work of last session, and Mr Jackson gave an address. Mr Williams a member of the staff of the Man- chester Mission,'‘, Mr Drink's locum tenens, also delivered an interesting address, and two musical selections were given by the choir. In the evening the service was conducted by Mr Williams when there was an encouraging congregation.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPL iiRY.

The LO G.T. Pride of ICarlestown Temple No. 1178 meeting was held in Wargrave Hall, on Monday, Bro Woods, CT, presiding Addresses were given by Bro Plant, V S J T, of Haydock and Sister Firth, of Star of Farness 'Temple, Barrovv-in-Furness. Ten candidates were initiated. A vote of thanks was heartily accorded to Bro Plant and Sister Firth. Afterwards a meeting of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge No. 1644 waslheld, Bro Cutler C T,presiding. One candidate was proposed for membership. Re- port of No.l Convention was given by Bro Newman; also report of the convention tea which showed a slight balance in hand. Arrangements were made for a visit to Ashton Onward Lodge which had been postponed owing to the inclement weather of the previous week. Bro Woods, II D.read Digest of No. 1 Convention to be held at Wigan. Sisters Woods, Grant and Preston appointed to arrange for the visit of the Wesley Hall Lodge: also Bros Woods, Clarke, Warburton, Newman, Roberts and Leatherbarrow, and Sisters Woods, Owens, Grant, Preston, L. Ord, Dodson, appointed to arrange for the anniversary tea. Programme Committee: Bros Willis, Clarke, and Siqter, Hiss Woods. Sister Firth, of Farness Lodge, No. 87, briefly addressed the Lodge on the social advantages of the Order. The programme far the evening was arranged by Bye Roberts. Bro Newman proposed a vote of thanks to Bro Roberts and all who had taken part, and the Lodge was closed by Bro Cutler, C T, in the usual manner. FrIFIR TO RHETIMATIO AND PARALYTIC

SUFFERBRS, an Illustrated Book on the gomplete home Cure et these Diseases, preface by F. W. Cole, M.D., who regards the anthor as the highest authority. Bend stamp for book to the Vas* Imams. VI Devonshi a-street, Man- ebester.—Advt•

OU'E NEW SERIAL,.

OUR NEW SERIAL.

We hava pleasura in announcing that we have se- cured for publication in our colts/nue (on October sth) a splendid sensational story, entitled—

6 _L HE HOUSE BY THE RIVER:

!BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON.

The Brilliant Author of ''The Secret of the Pearis..l "Lady Mary of the Dark /louse," " Tne Bien Stlrrners," ‘ Fortune's Sport," " Queen Sweet- heart," &a.

WE HAVE NO HESITATION IN SATING THAT THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER;

Is one of the most sensational stories ever offered for newspaper publication. It is a splendid conception): one of the most imaginative writers of the day. From the first chapter to the last the interest of the reader Is enthralled. What one d.naands in a serial story that is supposed to be sensational is excitement. atu- pense. mystery, and more or less of horror. IV RS WILLIAMSON supplies all these in clever combination. " She has an effective fashion," says the The kman. " of holding back the climax to the last and supreme moment, and of gratifying her readers with an expected thrill just when the nerves are at the highest tension. Yet she uses an admirable restraint and never becomes hysterical. Her taste is ex- cellent."

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

There is not a phrase in this story to which tho most fastidious can take exception. It is set,ona that we have had the pleasure of int,roduciag such a thrilling high-class tit)ry to the notice of our readers. THE AUTHOR.

The author of our new story, ALICE MURIEL. WILLIameoN, has made a great reputation among the younker generation of novelists. B3rn in 1869 at one of the Livingstone Manor Houses on the Hudson Biver,for she was a Miss Livingstone,she commenced to weave romances before she could hardly write. Of her very youthful efforts none has ever seen the light in print, but when she was only fifteen her first story was published. Rven then she did not embark upon the profession of literature seriously. Conoieg over to Nngland for a stay of six, or at the longest. twelve months, she became engagksd to ',fr. William- son, a well-known personality in the journalistic world, and was shortly afterwards married. Aime,B_s. directly after her marriage, about five years age. au' recommenced her literary labours. Her first effo.rts h eh were in the c irection of character sketches. w-1 were done with the vigour and the power of graphic narration which have so charmed the readers of her later stories. Thou Mas. WriLiAmsoN embarked upon the more arduous undertaking of a serial storlr• This story was a complete IRICCess, and having found her particular • bent," MRs. WILLIAMSON lies Pr:, greased, adding many other successful stories to initial venture as a novelist.l

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVE.

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER-

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVE&

The opening chapters of this story will be published in our issue of

OCTOBER STE. TO-DAY.

•`''''._-----'.....'...'"-....''...

===== 0002601_19001005_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. SAMSON'S CANDIDATURE.

Throughout the week, theConservativo candidate, Mr C L Samson, has held meAinvi at Balton, Weston, Wes- ton Point, and Aston. On Wednesday, another meeting was he:d at the Public Hall, R ancorn. Mr E Imison took the chair, and was supported by Mr C L Suwon, Rev W H Stables, Messrs J Stokes, J Ockleston, W Hankinson, T H Anne:t, Mrs Sams-in, Mrs' Swart, and other ladies and gentlemen . The Chairman, in his address, spoke of the past ele3- Mons which he remembered. The pity was that sooner or later the Radicals broight in personalities. He also sp lke of tilt% meanness of anyone making p )li,ical capital out of Wsenal generosity, and out of the Runcorn Techaical Institu'e. He considered emphatically that Sr J. Brunne, ought to be op2o3ei, if for no other account than for his noOdlessrneness in local affairs, and for the reason he asked questions in Parliament which any nanable lawyer's clerk could answer. Mr. C L .s.asson in his address, stuck to his assertion that Sir John Brunner was a little Englander and a Pro- Boer, but had to accept the fact that Sir John Brunner was not a member of the "Stop the War Committee," and had n .ver contributed to the funds of that Com- mittee. fie would have all remember the great issue bofore the country, which was the war settlement, and argued that the coutvry should send the Conservatives back with an increased mtj vity if that policy was to be continued.

Mr. J Sinkes propo3ed and ttri Rev. Wll S-ahles seconded the usual vote of confidence in the candidate, after which an address was deliverQd by Mrs. Stu irt, of South Africa a member of the Guild of L)yal Wurnen of South Africa.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO IN WARRINGTON.

A GIFT TO THE SICK AND AFFLICTED.

WARRINGTON IS TO BE VISITED BY ONE OF THE MUST SUCCESSFUL HEALERS OF THE PRESENT AGE.

ALL SUP FERING PERSONS, RICH AND POOR, SHOULD TAKE ADVANTACiE OF HIS GENEROUS OFFER.

The Veno Drug C 3., Of Manchester, England. and Pittsburg. Pa. U.S.A.. have made arrangements to occupy the shop at 24, fiorsem irke-street, (opposite Brown's Sho3 Store), Warringt-m, for two weeks, com- mencing to-day, for the purpose of giving free sample doses of Vecto's 83awee.1 Tonic to all sufferers from stomach, liver, kidacy, and blood diseases.

TRH NOVEL ARRANGEMEN r will glee the people of Warringt-m, rich and poor, an noportuni,y of testing th 3 moat iucc.,siful medicine in E ogian J. A ladv will attend a% the ablve shop to give advice and tve -iimple bsi o ail auffning persons as often astly-iy like to call. Never mind whit your dwitor save. N3ver mind what you think of yourself. Don't hesirats!. Don't delay. Call every day if you I.ke and rrr.-live 4 Fre, r4a11.);;-) d.),8 v Ve Sea mead Tonic. You have wver taited a medicine like it. The inventor ii one of till most eii.mesaful healers of the presect ag:,. Many dlormrs hAvo tried to duplicate this rem y, but h3vf? si:zn tc,r to probe 3 a mAicine it or ono that will mclinplisn the same renoks. V no's Seaweed Tonic has ex:remiinary Tonic and 13treluth ,oing eff, c. It ir4the 11103 t: vffeolve cure for cons!.ipatioA, indigesrion, wind, torpii livr, weak and pint' hark, htmdaclie3 and bloo-I dise4sei. It is a to reek, pth debiritated men stnti women eipecially Wififil there ii weak heart claitip&tioa.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
VENr.- SEVNEP:I TONIC.

T 3 mannfac%ur. d s iielv h 7 OVI Vi Dru,;,' Co. from th pumas inercdients and by cspabl.i in:ln. No expinse 1144 ti-en ',ma -el i trioq, it to ti a hi:44l4t ot ver- iection. R. 4,108 shlw it to be thei tlll3t qUCCOSfUI inedicw ii E !ta 1.1. rillh doctirs in th 7. world c inn )t to is hetP,or. It is usyi in hospitals and by d-ctlrs rhe,:n4,3lvm, bc!cange they ve 1Z1t143 in it tie best and safeAt r.inedy that science has yet been able to comp-mud. The Venn Dru 4 Co. ars anxious that the shlT,ring pnblio shonl,l thotoue,hly, test the genuineness of this remedy first and buy v afterwards.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

FAREWELL OP TRE REV F E EVANS, —At the Sunday evenicig service at Christ Chore') th 3 Rev F E Evans, who has he:?ri in ,haego of the parish since the retire- m3rit of toe It V.clr un;-.il the appointment of the pre- qt Vicar. preichel hi farQwell sermon. He said altnou,!h his stay in the yillag,3 had been but short he wi.ittPd to thAnk ail his trien.ls &ricerely for ttle help and assiqarrle they lid go fve!y gival hin. a.-3 asked for the s tine holoculciegit his successor. The rev. gentle man wa4 moch ire3pcte:i in the village and had made mAny friends.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
An Anti-Vaccinationist.

At the Warrington C3ality Petty Sessions on Wednesday, bore Captain Withingtmi (in the 'h sir) end Mr J Tinsley, &nest ituginald Shepherd of \Orford, applied for a vaccination exemption order in the catis of hie child. He said he hail a conscientioue objection t,) vaccination as he believed it would be detrimental to the child's heal' b. The Cadman: It is not a. wise conscience hilt it is nOt in our power to refuse the application. I have been vaccinated seven times. (Laughter.) The annlication was granted. ELB STIC i!iTOCKING9, KNEE CAM &C.—For VariooBo Vein and all eases of aireakness and Swelling of the Leg!, Sprain ; they are porous. light in texture, and inexpensive, an are drawn en like au ordinary sto3king.—Prices 4s. 61 7s co.. and !Oa. Scl. each.—Pnstage free.—WIIITF: AND IiArn!GET, Surgieal Instrument ant Truss Makers, 93, Ren- -1411,1.w-street, tap of Bald-street, Liverpool.—Advt.

• priBLIO TIRNEFIT UNDEIR THE CLOCK r R "tics r 890T3 IN LANCAS Z-111/14.—Advt,

CLEAILANC3E SALE OF CYCLE3.—Greatly reduced —J.3. Use.LiND,75l to 53. Bridge itreet4Warrington. —Advt,

PUII3. W. T. Williams bss just rPeeivel ft eho:ce P' ock of Furs. New Autumn liddlinery, Glove, Skirts &o. 74, sANKET-STREET, Warringt3n.—Advt.

• • • - • • • 4.11 P ita, ,

home team played for all thee were worth, tha forwards combined magnificently and with the backs in their best form they completely outclassed their ooncn- eats. Warren opened the scoring from a corner kick. Reynolds notched the s'cond goal from a penalty after one of the Stocktoa Heath forwards (Houghton) fisting the ball out of goal when it was going through. Again did one of zhe visitors forwards think he was a goal- keeper, this time Lythgoe who grasped the ball as it was going through and held it underneath his body. Beck took the penalty this time and registered goal number three. From now until the finish St Austin's did pretty well as they liked, and a very fast and exciting game ended in the home team going two more points higher in the league. Final Result :—St Austin's 3, Stockton Heath 1.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
I• • • •• • • im I

TYLDESLEY AND HOLBROOK (Lqncashire County and (14 years Manager and All gland )ilevens). Buyer for Alec Wstsonj

===== 0002601_19001005_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL SPORTS OUTFITTERS.

FOOTBA.L As sociati Buttonle

...,-.,_ ....-t•-• ....

FOOTBALLs Rugby or Association. " Boey " 4e2 Record ss Oct Champion 5/9 League ......6s 9d Empire 7s 91 Ranger 96 3d International 10/6 With Free Gift.

...5/9 Challenge 68 91 League 7a 9d Kmpire, ..• 88 9d 9, Deapateh— 3d 0, x'll.ll 0 i ty ,p4 Premier... 101 3d

HOW TO GET A BILLIARD TABLE FOR 18s 6d GEO. G. &THEY & Co.. of 36 and 38 Queen Victoria-street. and 213 Reont-street, London, make an ingenious set-, of arrangements whereby a good game of Billiards can be played on an ordinary dining table. Tha fittings are easily fixes, and do no damage to the table. The price include% everything required to play the game. Ask the lozal Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet and Indoor Games List. Advt (4).

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, nat late than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be Inserted

===== 0002601_19001005_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
4,7 • • „o'L. 19.1Kral. .“.11VP: *P;iII4-7. 3

All Post-free.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington have hard Luck at Broughton

Warrington's fixture on Saturday was with Broughton Rangers at Wheater's Field, where they sustained defeat by a single point, the score being six points to 5. The result was very creditable to the home team who pulled the match out of the fire in the last few minutes after Warrington bad had most of the play. The match was the first at Broughton this year and the new turf got a good trial. It has metamor- phosised the appearance of Wheater's Field, which used to be far from attractive. The teams had the honour of the presence of Messrs J E Lawton (Liberal) and J Platt Higgins (Conservative) the two candidates for the division, one kicking off at the commencement and the other at half time. Vote-seeking on football fields seems to be getting very popular. Mr M'Cutcheon (Oldham) was referee, and the teams lined out as follows,the only absentee laAng J T Bate from the Warrington ranks. Warrington : Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Lawless, and Hockenhall, three-quarters; Burgess and D ickworth, half-backs; Taylor, Morrison, Mereweather Boardman, Scholtze, Eien, Anirews and Swift, for- wards.

Broughton Rangers: Harry, full back: Hogg. Wilson. Barratt and Williams. three-quarters; W James, and S James, half-backs ; Whitehead. Toon:11350a, Lazen- by. Clemiason, Davies, Reynolds, Hardisty, and Ruldock, forwards.

Warrington won the toss, hut there was no wind to give the advantage to either side. Mr. J. Platt Higgins set the ball in motion before 5,000 spectators, Lawless returning to centre, where play rested for some time. Warrington showed smartness in heeling out, and Burgess early broke away finely, and caused Harry to be tackled by Duckworth near the line. Broughton cleared, and a round of excellent pass- ing carried play to the Warrington end, Hogg making a strong effort to get in at the corner. Some exciting play followed at close quarters, Wilson also menacing the Warrington line. W James had a shot at goal, but kicked wide. 'Taylor removed the scene of operations with a lofty kick. Burgess made a fine dribble into the home half, where Morrison marked in good position. Fish took the kick but failed to land a goal. Hogg then had his kick charged down by Isherwood, Harry being lucky to save on the line. Warrington were now attacking hotly and a pass from Burgess to Isherwood resulted in the latter smartly dropping a goal when challenged. Before War- rington could be properly drawn back Fish made a fine effort and was knocked over the corner flag. Warring- ton had the best of the game, Burgess making several fine rues which would have resulted in points had he passed the ball sooner. Before the interval Fish dropped at goal but the ball passed under the bar. Half- time, Warrington 1 goal ; Rangers nil. Mr. J. E. Lawton started for Warrington, and his kick was not of much service.for Broughton immediately assumed the aggressive, Hallam making a plucky save. Burgess again dribbled finely, and Harry was bowled in touch.B James responded for the borne team,making a clever break.a way but Isherwood'grasse i him ere he got dangerous. A short kick by Barratt saw Hallam tackled near the line. A determined struggle ensued, the Ran- gers getting p/R3036i30 and Wi,sen being held close in. W. James threw across to fine'. who was clear, and dashed over at the corner, no goal resulting. Warring- ton roused up again at this and soon had the Rangers pennei on the line. Harry was teaed and failed to hold the ball for the first time, Mereweather dribbling over and scoring a try for Warrington- Fish failed at goal. It seemed long odds on Warrinkten now, but in the last ten minutes the home team played with great dash' and forced Warrington back. The same tactics as before resulted in Wilson rounding the Wa.rington backs and scoring a fine try.which won th match. There was no goal from W James' kick. Tneugh Warrington tried hard they could not score, Fish being held when he appeared to have a chance. Pnal : Broughton Rangers, two tries (6 points) ; War- rington 1 goal 1 try (5 points). LANCASHIRE "A" TEAMS COMPETITION. --- Warrington V. Broughton Rangers.

'nese reams met at Wildersp aol on Maturday before about 2.000 spectators. The Liberal candidate, Mr Arthur R. Crosfield, kicked off, and quick passing Raw Warrington aggressive. Lewis ran well for Broughton. S. Murray was p trforce compelled to save. They then went very even. etch goal being in turn menaced Long dribbles by the locals caused the Rangers to fall back. Jewkes made a fine efT)rt, which was not sub- stantially supported, aid Warring'7on lost a fine open- ing. Warrington continued 'to press, and Tate passed out, but Warrington failed at the fiaishing essay. Dickinson ran well to the line, Jarnea tackling accur- ately. The Rangers' goal Was hotly assailed, J.!wk.as. Ratcliffe, and Allen all missing chances. Lewis cleared and passing! by M!ssenger and Lewis was responsible for the game again asauming an even attitude. Murray di 'played capital form at back for Warrington, and twice repelled the visitors in fine style. At half-time there was no score. In the (Pc ond half '!ile Conservative candidate, Mr. R Pierpoint kicked off. The Warrington- lane opened by passing, and a fine movement between Allen, Dickinson and Ratcliffe resulted in a try to the latter. Dawson equaliz td for the Ran4era and nothing further being scored the result was a draw of t lame points each.

===== 0002601_19001005_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

St. Austin's v. Stockton Heath.

The above match was played on the ground of th a former in rare autumn we'tther. The visitors were e their full strength whilst St. Austin's lacked the servicck of their goalkeeper (Blackshaw) and left full babe (Bradburn). Hatton the reserve goalkeeper took the place of Blacksbaw whilst Percival was daft II into tan full lotck position from half back,Lewsey a vsetv,, met f;king his place. The game opened in favour he Stockton Heath who for fully twenty minutes kept tas hame team continually defending but the defence wry impregnable. The remainder of the first half was ye even, and half-time arrived with Stockton Heath tea iog by one goal to nil. On recommencing the

===== 0002601_19001005_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
milimmismaimmimommionmommenumeMllMlgllLi

V

===== 0002601_19001005_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AT ! " • T. :GILLIG AN (UPWARD3I OF: 18 YEA.RS WITI-11THEjLATH JOHNIM. PORTER).! WHOLESALKAND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patrenage.

OUR NEW SERIAL BEGINS TO-PAY. We have pleasure in announcing that we have secured for publication in our columns on OCTOBER sth TO-DAY a splendid sensational story, entitled : " THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER," BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON. WE HIVE NO HESITATION IN SAYING THAT THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER is one of the most sensational stories ever offered for newspaper publication. It is a splendid conception of one of the most imaginative writers of the day. From the first chapter to the last the interest of the reader is enthralled. What one de nands in a serial story that is suppose I to be sensational is excite- ment, suspense, mystery. and more or less of horror. Nina. WILLIAMsor supplies all these in clever combination. " She has an effective fashion," save the Bookman, " of holding back the climax to the last and supreme moment, and of gratifying her readers with an unexpected thrill just when the nerves are at the highest tension. Yet she uses an admirable restraint and never becomes hysterical. Her taste is excellent." THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER. BEGINS TO-DAY.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c, &c.. GO TO -NV ILLIAI TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE, 7823.

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS. Old Gold and Silver. Old-fashioned Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. Ac . Ao. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE, 47, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.B.—Money advanced upon Diamonds,Watches.Jewellery, Ac., at low rates. - - -

OSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET WARRINGTON.—TO-MORROW. (Sunday) October '7th at 10 10 a.m. and 630 p.m. All seats free. Bo Collection. Books provided.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL BEL rs. BUY THEM FRIM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS, 37, BRECK-IZOAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

B OLD-STREET WESLEYATS CHURCH WARRINCI-TON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 7TE. At 10 33 STUDRNT. At 6 30. Rev. H. G. ROBERTS. M.A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. R. R. H. PEARSON BEGS TO ANNOUNCE -LVI MR. GEORGE GROSSNIITH!-; HUMOROUS AND MUSICAL RECITAL, (Ender the direction of Mr. N. Vert), On THURSDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 25TH, 1903. Open 7.30. Commence 8. Carriages 9.45. Reserved Dress Btalis, 4s. ; Reserve Centre Gallery. 2s. 6d. • Reserved Side Oallery. Zs. ; Back Gallery and Body of Hall (unreserved), 18, TICKETS and PLAN at MESSRS. R. H. PEARSON Limited, 10, Bold-street Warrington.

"A VOICE FROM. THE GRAVE." DEAR OLD rALs.— I would have been with you now had I worn a pair of ARTHUR EVANS' GS. GP. OR Bs. 6D. BOOTS, INSTEAD OF A RUBBISHY IMITATION. CITY BRANCHES : _ 5, LONDON ROAD. 24, BERRY-ST.; 51. BYROM-ST. ; LIVERPOOL.

ORTH Wien. DIVISION ELECTION. BRUNNT4II'S CANDIDATURE. PUBLIC -NI 1413 ENING-S. SATURDAY. OCTOBER 61s. WESTON. 12.30 Noox. CLIFTON, 1.15 P.M. HALTON, 2.0 P.M. RUNCO:tN, 7.0 P.M. SPEECHES BY SIR JOHN BRUNNER, AND OTHERS.

INTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the peace for the COUNTY OF CUES [ER will be holden at the COURT HOUSE, lOU TSFORD. in and for the said k•ounty, on MONDAY, the 15th day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury Will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- dreds of Bucklow, Macclebfield, and Northwich, forming the Knotsford District, and the trials of all prisoners eornmitted from such Hundreds.will take place at such essinns. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, ▪ nutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY. the 4.5 th day of October, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. COURT will be adjourned to the Castle of Z;oester, on THURSDAY, the 18th day of October next, at '-▪ 161re0 o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand duyy will be empannelled• The hearing of all Appeals arising. within the Hundreds of Broaton, Eddisbury. Nantwich and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last- rnentioned Ilund,eds will take place at such adjourned Sessions. Toe Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester bistrict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, lit the opening of the Court on THURSDAY. the 18th day of October next,-at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 4th September, 1900.

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6310. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KELLIE has had over 33 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and ha' gained the highest posaible honours at the He* Observatory for compensated and adjusted W atches.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the partner- ship heretofore subsisting between us the undersigned Prederick George Fraser and Albert Warburton in the busi- hese of Architects and Surveyors and carried on at 11. Lyme- street, Warrington, and African Chambers, Old Hall-street, Pverpool. both in the County of Lancaster. was dissolved on be 29th day of September, 1930 by mutual consent. The 'aid Frederick George Fraser will now carry on business 4,10ne as aforesaid at African Chambers, Old Hall-street, 4,17erp001, and the said Albert Warburton will carry on his I..!tid business alone at 11. Lyme-street, Warrington aforesaid. vated this 3rd day of October, 1900. Signed, FREDVRIOIC GFORGE FRASER, ALBBRT WAREURTO rt. Witness to the signature of the said Frederick George racer and the -Said Albert Warburton, Arthur J. Willett, Solicitor. Warrington.

r,T ANGLO AMERICAN 004.411-1 DENTAL ASSOCIATION ' (LIVERPOOL), LID. 72, PRINCES ROAD, CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DE-NTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FREE. MANAGING DIRECTOR : DR. LA GRA.NCIE, M.D.D.D.S., U.S.A. Telephone 223, Toxteth.

-NI,- HITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. N 51...„ LIVIIRPOOL to NEW YORK via Al"‘ ; Queen stown MAJESTIC Wed,, Oct. 10 I TEUTONIC ...Wed., Oct. 24 2,YMRIO Fri., Oct. 12 GERMANIC...Wed., Oct. 31 `4OEA.NIC Wed , Oct. 17 I MAJESTIC ...Wed., Nov. 7 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of tbarge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore 4Pply to tihrAT. IP.rum, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Streat, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall street. 8.C., London. L LAN—LIN B STEAMER SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 5.5. CORINTHIAN for Quebec and Montreal Oct. 11th S. SIBERIAN for St. John's,N.F.,Halifax and Philadelphia Oct. 15th. :18.5. PARISIAN fo: Quebec and Montreal Oct 18th 8. GRECIAN for St. John's N.F., and Halifax Oct. 20th 48.5. AUSTRIAN for Monte Video and Buenos Ayres CM'. 25th. *Via Londonderry. t Cargo only. Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7. Steerage £5 ICs hroueh Tickets to all points at special rates. , CANADA.—Handbooks. maps, rates, and full particulars tree on application to ALLAN BROTHERS it CO., 19, James- Eit., Liverpool

UMBRELLAS BRELLAS H THE LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE FOR PRMENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED ix HALF AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, I.I.ANCIIESTER.

4-4rrYPOKLENE " A perfect substitute for Tur- pentine for cleaning Type, Lithographic Stones, Rollers, &c.• absolutely nou-inflimmable, and thetefore safest. 40-Gall. Barrels, is. 44. 10-Gall. Drums; is. 74. 40-Gall. Barrfls, is. 64. " OTTO " GAS ENGINB .OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, 18:64. Per Gall. Carriage PAid., sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL CO., 19, :t 20, WATER-LANE GRICAT TOWBR-STRBET, LONDON, B.C.

DROGII FiDA AND ME BE AU riPu L BOYNE VALLEY, BY STEAMERS OF THE DROGHEDA, STEAM PACKET CO., LTD, SAILINGS EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY, THURSDAY 7'31) SATURDAY, from S. E. Collingwood Dock, Liverpool r. Drogheda. nETURN FARES - Saloon, 105. ; Deck, 45.; available °T. 14 days. Por hours of Sailing and Illustrated fluid> to the District ptioly ISAAC JANDRELL. 23, Water-street, Liverpool. b'Arners return from Drogheda every Monday, Wednesday. 'tiday and Saturday. (Please mention this paper.)

lIIIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FRMALWCOMPLAINT- AIRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine tolu the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained It a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers "it:mid therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be '4ltreful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs, 01:4Jthers. who is the only person in possession f the RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, L'4l signed on the Outfide label by Mrs. Srnithers, and the ss of the bole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON 1:17. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pauis I_l2am are "engraved on the Government Stamp, sold in v°zea at 2s. 9d. each by most fPwnist.

W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED AUE NOW MAKING THEIR SPECIAL SHOW 03F AUTUMN FASHIONS AND NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS VISIT OF INSPECTION RESPECTFULLY INVITED. 46 & 48 5 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

NORTH WICH DIVISION OF CHESHIRE. GENERAL ELECTION, 1900. SIR JOHN BRUNNER'S SIXTH ADDRESS TO THE ELECTORS. T O THE ELKCTORS OF THE NORTHWUCH DIVISION OF CHESHIRE. GENTLEMEN, Four times already you have done me the honour to elect me your representative in the House of Commons, and I respectfully solicit at your hands tbe honour, so highly prized by me, of representing you in a fifth Parliament. During the many years I have held this high office you have done me many a well-remembered act of kind ness. and I have rendered to you whole-hearted service with respect to affairs both national and local. By the advice of the Government, the General Election is to be held in the month of October. within four weeks of the date at which a new regieter comes Into force in Scotland, and within thiee months in England. Ireland and Wales. The Election is. therefore, to be held at a time when, through deaths and removals, the smallest possible number of Her Majesty's subjects in the United Kingdom will be entitled to a vote. Includ- ing our soldiers, now serving us with such splendid valour in South Africa. at least one in live is deprived of his constitutional right to pass judgment upon the acts of the Government. out of the number who would have enjoyed that right had the Election been post- Toned until January. That is to say, the Government thus disfranchises something like ten times as many as all the adult British males who worked in the Transvaal added together. By January, as I am happy to believe, the large majority of our soldiers will have returned home, and assuredly no others are so well entitled to be heard as they. They will have much to say about the management of the a ar. Under these circumstances, and especially looking to the fact that no General Election has been held in the autumn for nearly a hundred years. except upon a specially piepared new register, I consider the demand of the Government for an immediate appeal to the people to be no better than a solemn sham; and I conflaently ask you to condemn it accordingly. Mr. Chamberlain saes in his Address to the Electors of West Birmingham, that we are now asked to say whether or not the war was just and inevitahle, and that their opponents accuse the Government of deliberately pro- voking a war for which they made no preparation.l know of no Liberal in a responsible position who has thus accused the Government. But passing that by, I declare my opinion on the contrary to be that the Government never intented to go to war, an.' that they themselves. mislead by the assurances of Mr. Cecil Rhodes and his friends, had no idea that a war was in- evitable ; for how otherwise are we to account for the notorious fact that they were so ill pre- pared for it, in spite of having spent, last year, no less than twelve millions of money noon our Army and Navy more than the late Liberal Government spent in their last year of office. I have never said, and do not say now, that the war was unjust, for the reason that. it was we who were first attacked. We were bound to fight and to win. These are my answers to Mr. Chamberlain. At the same time I blame the Government for haying knowingly allowed the Transvaal for three years to con- tinue, unhindered, to accumulate enormous armaments— armaments which could only have been wanted for use against us ; and I consider qr. Balfour's plea that " our hands were tied by the Raid" to be an utterly inadequate excuse. This lack of moral courage on the part of the Government has cost us millions on millions of hard- earned money, and has brought bitter grief into thousands of humble homes. I blame the Government fer having, at the outset of the war, refused Australia's offer of mounted troops, and for having replied" Unmounted men preferred." This was no trivial and pardonable slip, but a huge and terrible blunder, which, coupled with the Inexcusable delay in sending out cavalry from home, resulted in disaster upon disaster to our troops during the sad months of last autumn and winter. a blunder for which alone this Government deserves t o be driven from office. Having myself, like so many of us, near relatives serving in South Africa, I bitterly re- sent those disasters, and I hold the Government, and not our soldiers, responsible for them. The settlement proposed with regard to the Transvaal and the Orange River Colony by Lord Salisbury, Mr. Balfour, and Mr. Chamberlain, is agreed to by Lord Rosebery, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, Sir William Harcourt. and Mr. Morley ; so that, epon this question, which the Tory Party are endeavouring to make the test question at this Election, there is absolutely no difference between the two great parties in the State. With this proposal so made and so agree I to. I am in complete accord. As heretofore, I appeal to you as a thorough going Liberal, steadily holding to the generoos side in pol Rice. I desire a Radical reform in our antiquated Land Laws, convinced long years ago by Richard Cobden that the party which brings about free trade in letel will do even more for our country than that which secured free trade In corn. I desire that the people should heye the pow 'r now vested in the magistrates with regard tot he ex:stenee of public houses in their immediate neighhaerheo I. Those who use the public houses, and those wt, a stiffer from the public houses, have a clear moral rieht to this power. No man should be a licensed victualler who 411 not sell victuals; and no victualler should be tied ta a brewer. I desire to amend our iniquitous system of local rating by securing that all rateable property shall pay according to its real aqual market value. All attempts to deal with tne pressing question 'of ever Tow ia in towns, without this change in thejaw, will be a mockery. I desire that the people, now pay: ner at least f s fifths of the cost of our Elementary Schools, should la-ive the full control of those schools, lam cenvincee that with regard to religious differences they wo lid be thoroughly fair and considerate towards each other. I strongly desire the amendment of the Workmen's Compensatioa Act, so as to include all workmen, and to provide fair compensation in all elVii of aeceione, 00 at on which the present Act is rielcolonsly inadequate. Fair compensation has been paid for all accidents by my firm since January, 1831. need— twenty years. We have not waited for the Tweee to fulfil their hypocritical promise to grant Old Age Pensions. Our men are the steadiest set of workers in t,ei• kinedom--1 hey grow old in our emnley, end when thee reline we grant pensions In ell necessitous en: es, depending upon their length of service. My ~pponents continue to r.-‘B.,t the flui slander that we refuse to take on 'nen nye.* thirty years of age ; we lake on men over thirty years of rage nearly every week in the year. Generous minded M 3,1 will resent this method of attack. Ilhope to elevote the rest of my working life fel weer service; but if any voter Its the cmistitnencv honestly believer that my opponent has been, or is, or is likely to be. fa better friend to England n better friend to Ches- hire, or a better friend to you. then I have been, am, and intend to be, he is, as far as I em eoncorned. welcome to express that belief, and to tetra( if, at the ballot box. Your faithful servant. JOHN T. BRUNN ER. Winnineton Old Hall. 26th September, 1930.

I,4OIIDtEG PARDON, EXCUSE stE, BUT WHERE DID—," " OH, yris ORNAMENTAL HAAR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEROI3-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' 'THANK YOU." 4,2ERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS ! 1.3 Every workman should have one of HUB'S cele- brated 48. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, HYROM-BTREET, Liverpool. QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TRRNS for our Celebrated 10s. 51. (to measu re) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND Co, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, Ali goods sent carriage paid.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WREN? EVERY WEDNESDAY S.: FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21S. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

JOHN H. GITTENS, 10,"GOLBORNE-ST., AND 1, REGENT-ST., WARRINGTON. HOUSE AND GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT. DEBTS BOUGHT IN LARGE OR SMALL LOTS. ALS(' AT VICTORIA CHAMBERS, QUEEN-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

END OF SEASON SALE. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S 'WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAINS. CYCLE CAPES _mom 2s. 11D. GENTLEMEN'S SAC COATS FROM 14s. 11D. J. E. HUGHKS AND SONS, 36, PARADISE-STREET (OFF CHURCH-STREET), LIVERPOOL. LATE Sr. GEORPE'S CRESCENT. A FEW ODD GARMENTS FROM ss. 11D.

TIIE WARRINGTON SLATEI‘JO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FPOM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER'' 'MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BIOKBRSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office : Maroon Street, Warrington

GUINNESS'S lI3BLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD min BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD Awn BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To Le had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Se:w-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. SIORki,S. OWEN STREET.

TLLUMINITED ADDRESS, DIE-STAMPING; Fac-Similes of lisiadwritimr. Typewriting. plans, quan- tities &c., copied and lithographed.— finooKs AND SJN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street. Warn i -gt,on.

R 111 H. OLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD. Tile and Mosaic pavements. (Hazed and enamelled Tiles for walls, hearths, floors, &c. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. Estimates given for church and chapel pavements. Telegrams : " HOLLING 'roam. Latchford."

NVEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43. Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

OSBORNE AND SONS, PLASTERERS AND LATH MANUFACTURERS, ST. JAMEW-STRERT, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND ('SONTRACTOR, ERWSRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS. SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. HOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICH 108. TAILS OF PURR HAIR. ?ROM be. 6n. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Beet Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRIOR 28. 6n. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS : w . B. SIVERTM AIT, 5, RANBLAGH-STRBBT. LIVBRPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pubic,. Sold by all Grocen and r ruggists, la Oanistez 6d.. 10d., and le. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WAERINGTOE ESTABLIHED 1833

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS MORS. OF WM. ITLARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRIMT, MANOHESTHE. Established 61 Years.

- - Telephone 0489. FOR ALL KINDS OF )HINTING, BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHING, TRY JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. STRIKING POSTERS A SPECIALITY. ESTIMATES FREE. NATIONAL TELEPHONE 0489. JOHN WALKER AND CO., GENERAL PRINTERS AND BOOKBINDERS, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

t GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE Ii.C.D .„ ! % I ~, MANUFACTURE CLOTHING DIRECT. MU CH COMPETITION DEFIED. MANY CHARMING DESIGNS. f MAKE CUSTOMERS DELIGHTED. , t MODERATE CHARGES DESIRED. MORE CUSTOM DEVELOPED, BUT THE GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE KC. D. CLOTHING ARE INNUMERABLE. THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, B.ORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. ... ~.. - . .

DO NOT 'MISS AN OPPORTUNITY. SALE SALE. SALE. A SAVING FROM 30 TO 50 PER CENT. AT T. MARCUS AND CO., . GENERAL HOUSE AND HOTEL FURNISHERS, •-.- 3 AND 5, MOSS STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE WHOLE STOCK OF NEW AND GENUINE HIGH CLASS SECOND HAND F URNff U RE IS OFFERED AT GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE 3, AND MUST BE CLEARED PRIOR TO STRUCTURAL ALTERATIONS. LARGEST AND MOST ARTISTIC SELECTION IN LIVERPOOL. CASH OR CREDIT. AN INSPECTION INVITED AND JUDGE FOR YOURSELVES. We pay Carriage to every Station in the United Kingdom. Trams plss the door from all parts every few minutes.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS, DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. &c.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

GUNS! GUNS!! GUNS The largest and best selection in the North of England ; a perfect fit guarauteei. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Guns. and Implements, at lowest prices. CARTRIDGES. Sporting Cartridges& speciality ; nothing hut the best ms•terials being used. GUNFIT lING. Customers can have heir guns properly fitted at ow new range. Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets, .&c. All repairs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOrOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORIIELT,'S INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE!

"A_ 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENULISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fist in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNr OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch csn be had in ALL SIZ HS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. WA tehmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

T. CLARICE. " EXAMNER " OFFICE, 331 -MARKET ST., EA BLEST° ViTN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. &c., &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a large Variety of other Articles useful and rnamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY. _ EADE'S PILLS. EADEIS puLs. All who suffer from Gout or EADE'S puxs. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Rheumatism should immediately Hundreds of Testimonials have EADB'S plus. ben received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADB S pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADErs pzu.s. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RH'EUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 18,Burton-crescent Dewsbury road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. Et •HEUM A TISH "Dar Sir,—lt is with unbounded Pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RUE UMA TIS H Rheumatie Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HBU XATIS Id The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHE UM ATIS Zd my being laid up again. Eviar since, when I have MA the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMA TI SIM directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HHUM TISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you liks of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased h. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write T Nn.e (enclosing stamped address). lung you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOITETAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. Ild. and Es. 9d or sent post free for 'Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWELL-ROAD. 8.0. Ask for and be sure you obtain 11ADE'S GOUT AND AtIBU NATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

cicruiras9. CA-60ES fiii RIANTLEs sukiIANTEED BY I say ~ i; 114' Qlsr,P' • ;., „ ~. ;.,, ~,, k ' k''' '4•4" ,:ir ,A ', ;,-) - •, el -S , Ai: ..?-: ;;:* " ~„.. '',t ...,, „.;,,, y, v.*, •• ~, .f. el O•,V. ~ Ot. • ~ . , • 4.!..6 A 1, i , ~ ..- ~ LTD., alld Promptly :sant by Parcai Pont. (il's, -1111 M °DEL. S 330. —Well cut connortable Cape _ ''.--74,0;,_-*• in good Plc.::: Beaver. Trimmed on collar • 17'4' • 1.:),,,r 8 6and front with Black Fur. Length 26 inches, J::.,4-?:*-- Price only 80. Carriage, sd. r i 1 ' 41ti;lit• ).-i-, w,,, .-, s, 4,\V0141,Z ' Tailor deign Coat with or—.MODEL. 312 rfriiit' ' without high collar:Full wide Tailor .ikict in strong Vicuna Twlll-. Black. and Navy I 2 1 ok c) --,.. -,..`:•:k;.' only. Price 12:9. Carriage aud b 0.7:., I-. ' "\5.,,,. .• IS ini. round bust. Waist, 24, 26, 'f'? 1tc,,,,•\ k , 28 ins. ; Skirts, iS, 40, 42 ins. long, in front. Any . W, I , ./.. . other size made to measure, i 6 ext.: a. f'',' ,/ ; .s(4'.fr ~,'''',? r, MOURNING ORDERS s'..•rit off at on: day's notice. ':' ' A \ \ JOHN NOBLE. KNOCKABOUT FROCKS 0440 ~ , •,, • ,i. „ for girls —,,tlorg made in good Serge. Price 1;6 4,.: •v, \\, \ .?:,-i .:,', ,•;.•1:- ,ta for 21 inches long in trout and 66. for every 3 inches ..i.•••k\V \ , ~>••• A ' ;.'" ; • ;.,-- ..;',..r`-roi longer. ./%4V4.;.' 7,r . ',i.‘''' SPECIAL VALUE in Winter Dress Goods. The ~ ~ m ,\ . \N •b,\ .(... .4' . ,Oe. , NEW FASHION CATALOGUE sent POST FREE. .'lN\s•t• , \V 1 ~.,„•,,,,, Please name this paper when writing— . .;:'\ '\ '' , ,„..A.:::4,t, Ht Mills ~:. \ , \ ' ..:- • ~7,-,:f".1';.: ,;cP`,...-0 ' .'t • :'•;.' ,iy,',*,'W-'. •.• ; k .. ck'N Brook SjtrOee N / iv, .•'' 1 ' S , .. smenem - ESTAB L ISH E 0 .. _. HALF A CENTURY. _ rAIkt.7.iiiiiiiiMIFAMMIIMEMEMPi :., •' 11 - - • t'es is r. 1 ' i AIF,, , ~.,. ;IL: IF. —, ~ _ow_ tom_ _•_l4 .1- ' -3..1-'4l.:Milia On• •1. ' s I= la UI ' .' ' mi.• ' -‘:•‘;‘c;-...:',/: 1111111111111111r11.111111111k- FAllmminimi 4 LARGEST PIANO & ORGAN' _ .... FIRM IN .THE WORLD. . ...-,..- _ WILL DELIVER FREE AT YOUR DOOR) • 11 ' VAi -40:f. li 1,10'4 ThisVaandsorne, rich-toned Piano onireceipt:of 4 __. ------- , -. 1 0/6 3 The first monthly payment, and guarantee it for 25 years. Discount for Cash. Photo Catalogues sent free to any itllll,l, itssamm 1, 0 ~,i, lii . lir _ s 4-4 ,L_Sieummili,011110•1111111111111!la--;_! , ---7:-----=T-__ go - . .

a SOFT 'FAIR -SKIN. Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur- ed to those Ladies who use nd's KALYDO R which removes Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes 2s. 3d. & 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London.

• i'tt. ' • :.--:—‘, 1:s t REDUCTION IN PRICO9' FOR INCANDESCO- BURNERS. , v ~,,,,' %.1. „: 4, INCANDESC P „ ' it. 4,.. . , , INCANDESC : 5 I MANTLES. ri T CHIMNEY:, ..,OS. 2 ~,:ici,l. ili.,;‘,!, INCANDESCENT 005:A ALL KINDS OF Siktu'- PROT ROTORS. „O. GAS GLOBES, OF " PERIM COLOURS AND PA-.TERNS • ago GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHAS AT . T ADAMS, 80 ST. ei AM liS PLACS' WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS. , WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT SUB:iTA.NOSo• BRITISH SILv KRIM PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTII-H!LL STREET, LIVERPOO_,-" ..,,\*. • ----,......____ -..- . - _ ~..___.--th--vf-1-„,-_:--, -r-_-,,___ __L-,!4,.•••• t ,v.,-,77-2•0 '..,),,' - ' ' - '4- L-1-f '3---;- \,.„;:,--..41 -,,• -- - • \:=7;-t; '? TOO. LARGE STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BAN- ved GUITARS, VIOLINS, C. Social Offer.--Ouar r ITALIAN MANDOLINE. MAKER'S name inside, ::70 woad. ornamented; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid AROHICfni3D- SONS. ST. GEORGES' CRESOENT. TOP OF '- STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1845. ------ Elastlc Stockings. Surgical Bandages' Abdominal Belts. Buy them from the only makers in LiverPo.ol* SMITI-1 az SO1•1-' 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL'oer We supply a better;quality at :!a lower pica than orlY °- firm In the trade. _ _ _ _

-1-1 , IT'S YOUR FAULT ..„iw„,„(2- , -1:-......, -wic -- ) • i .„.... _ ..,. If you are imposed upon by worthless articles: -- - • I`.,f/l1 , - ' • ::.- . %.• If you examine and test your goods before you pay , for them, you are absolutely certain of obtaining value , , ..- • , for your money. 1 , • ' You have only to send ss: to start with, I i '!7•-•, ' _ \ (401. G. Graves will then forward his World- ' k (PI renowned Success ;. . I s, // i''''p•-') ,i "...V_ The 'EXPRESS ',lisiN . - 60/- -i.".1 -7---- • ''...„....,-. -*. •••, , ' '-';.--• -, , 2 ' . . //- -••=;'. ' r:' #,' " 'N ' , • • English Lever, ..,•;•--.1, ', • 's:V.,,, nuine British 'LI• ''''''. -7'''' .j / Guaranteed Go i ,• , ..;:// Manufacture throu hout, and g ;---74.- :' • • % . Warranted for Seven Years. All :•- , .1.4.,•.—• ,••• . 1 ' the most Modern Improvements, and Massive Sterling ':,!••__,------,‘ , ~ L. • ' I le, Silver Cases. ~".., •• , . ' P.._,.•••• ' :0 011 If you are satisfied, you complete the purchase in ' . I .' nine more monthly payments of ss. If not satisfied. r•1'7,3-,. • „it '1 •.. I• I return the watch, and your deposit is instantly '' .••• , I . refunded. -•,.,,,.._.zy -1,.' . , ~, s. \-• •,-;" • • •i: : i II You "don't buy a pig in a poke," you are completely satisfied or you do not part with a copper. '',;.1.•;.:1 T.,AkTI / ,: 0:, j , ..i. YC:,•4',• '' ' it ,:f \ / •••'• •;'. Have you seen the New Catalogue of Watches, ~---;-•‘; _„ '' , ' •.4 .., ..• '., - Jewellery, Clocks, Sheffield Cutlery and Plate, &c., &c.? ',n\\- ..., .... ...-• ~,,, , If not, send for one to-day. 4 ~..,...,.....„,......... .. ~ ,sislia) ji c'-‘.'", 's,:t ••.-- t ...,.. ' YOUNG MEN WANTED. Good Commission for showing 'oW•:.--:.- -, , • ' ', ~,•• &••,',. --.::',:'•• our goods to your friends. Write ior particulars. i! J. G. GRAVES, Dept. 161 Division St., SHEFFIELD. Nr-•

Apartmento, & eurnissbeb ?Dousits.

TORQUAY. Furnished APARTRIBNTS ; good cooking and I. attendance.—Mn. AND MllB. REED, 32, Beigrave• road.

- QOUTEPORT.—Mrs BRIGGS. Westfield, Bath-street : pnblio 1.) and private APARTMENTS, near Promenade; terms reasonable.

DHYL.—Comfortable private Apartments, quite close to 1t) sea and station ; terms moderate.—BAYFlELD HOUSE, Queen-street.

MORECAMBIL—Ikirs. THORNTON has comfortable Apart- ments ; facing sea and prom.; private and public; terms modente. Winterdyne.

FAIRHAVSN near Lytham. APARTMIINTS. or small furnished house, Facing sea; Marine lake SOUTH Annter. Tram. 14, Pullozgate.

ORBOAhlßß.—Superior Apartments, with or without 13. L boald ; bath ; pianos, ete.—Mrs. SOARB, Ouiton Rouse 22, Sea View Parade, West Rad Road.

UDISBUREIII.—AOOOMBIODATION,IBoard or otherwise _124 tourists and families ; bed and breakfast from 2s 6d most central.-10. RuTLAwn-aquABE.

BLACKPOOL.—MIosses WARD and FAIRBROTHER, 28, Vance-road. near Central Station, sea, and all places of amusement; with or without board.

Mork% tuOtneooo, eft.

OfILD ESTABLISHED CONFECTIONERY, Minerals. Ice cream, Tobacco shop; In going, £35. 75, Limos-sr, Ardwick, Manchester.

BDUN/MS.—Persons desirous to BULL or BUY BCSI- DBMS are advised to Consult (*Lies AND Co., 41,Cor- poration-street, Manchester.

I,RIPII SHOP, main road, doing 24 weekly; three bed- ."... rooms, kitchen; well fitted; £35.--GLAes AND C0.,41, Corporation-street. Manchester. - WASHING. MIXTURE BUSINBSS for Disposal. Capital opening for pushing raan.—Apply J.H.Atmlicow, 156, Colue-road, Brierfield. near Burnley.

VISH. Chips, taking £4 to £5 weekly ; rent 13s clear; three bedrooms, sitting-room ; £35; Mealy fitted.— GLA.K9 AND Co., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

SQWBIATS, Minerals, Le,, and Tobacco, suburb. taking £4 weekly ; rent ils. clear; three bedrooms, sitting room; £3S.—GLASS AND Co., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester. ILLINBRY and Fancy DRAPERY (Choriton-cum- ITt ; Lock-up dhop ; rent £l5 yearly; suit young Iady.—GLASS AND Co., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

VBIRD FISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINOS. also on wheels.—Write to makers for most up to date Catalogue in the Trade.—MABBOTT'B, 51, Lever-street, Manchester.

VANCY GOODS, PICTURtiS, HAIRDRHSSING NES ; together or separate; can be managed by anyone; trades taught.—lionsmAn, Northfield, Worcester- shire.

(Li RIDINGROCRRY, Fish, Poultry. and Rabbits, taking k..A £35 weekly ; rent 12s. 2d. clear ; three bedrooms ;Well fitted ; £6o.—Grass AND Co., 41, Corporation-street, Man- chester.

GROCERY and Provisions. taking £5O weekly ; rent £4C; four bedrooms, bath; fixtures, fittings. utensits.22oo ; stock cost.— Gl...asa AND Co., 41, Corporation-street, Man- chester.

IFF-LICENCB and GBOOBRY BUSINESS taking £2O kJ weekly ; noble corner ; nice house, part well fitted, large stock ingoing £ISO.—kIUTTER, 45, Market-street, Man- chester.

i lONFECTIONICEY and Mixed (Bolton). taking £l2 V weekly ; good house part ; bakehouse ;on level; £110; only wants seeing.—GLAtie Arm Co.. 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

S 0 UTHPOB BUSINESS, doing. 170 gallons weekly. two horses, float, harness, nice turnout: sure fortune, stable on premises, £l3O the lot, k.argain.—NUTTEß. 45, Market-street, Manchester.

‘,ZOUTHPORT—GROCERICand CONFBCTIONERY making L J living tor five ; oven on level; gardens, hen runs, in best part of Southport, splendid house part, £l2O as it stands --buTTER, 45, Market-street, Manchester.

EFRESEIBiIinT-HOOMS to be Disposed of, in a busy 1.1/ part of Leeds, doing a good trade, with good accom- modation for eight or ten lodgers; ill-health cause of leaving. —Apply for particulars 9, dong-Sragg-r, Blackburn.

von DISPOSAL, handsomely fitted GROORRY and .1 PROVISION SHOP; four miles horn Manchester ; rapidly increasing suburb; splendid living accommodation; suit couple commenetng ; present tenant seven years ; good reasons let leaving ; atonic, goodwill, and 'fixtures, £350.— Address MERCATOR, lixaminer Office, Warrington.

JOHN BROWN & CO ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER RUSIN &SS AGENTS. (ESTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL OLAsSES OF IIUsINESs TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

LADY'S BICYCLE FOR SALE. In good condition, just been replated, Clincher tyres, medium frame.—Apply, ALKE it, Examiner Office, Warrington.

TRIUMPH CYCLES, CLEARANCE SALE FOR 21 DAYS. 1900 PATTERNS AT COST! SOLE AGENCY : HITCHINGS, LTD., 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CAUTION.—TRIUMPH CYCLES advertised and sold by other firms are obsolete patterns, ana do not carry our guarantee.

TI RES. TYRES. TYRES. OLD Worn-out OUTER COVERS RE-RUBBERED and CANVASSED and made equal to new 103 6d each. All kinds of CYCLE RUBBISH GOODS Stocked. Trade supplied. Best price given for WASTE RUBBER. POLLARD AND CO., LTD. INDIA RUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 20, LOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

DONT COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DoN'r COUGH-USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. T _A_EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 131 d. each, or free on receipt of stamps, from THOMAS KHATING, Chemist, London.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LAItGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. Fo MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAVIMOTII POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in he Country. MAMMOT FL POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. ALL ORDERS OR ENQUIRIES FOR PRINTING AND LITHOGRAPHING, BOOKBINDING AND PAPER RULING, AT THE EXAMINER OFFICE, DELIVERY BOOKS, RECEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER JOHN WALKER & CO,

Apalts lop Vrtimit Zrratp.

ALL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, particu- lars free.—Address }imam Box 278, North-street, Nottingham.

UNCELLHNT DOG CART FOR SALR, cheap; in good _ll4 condition.—Apply C. W. Mama, Newton Hall, Newton-le-Willowa, Lancashire.

PROFITABLB 000DS TO SIM- livery kind. Method for beginners. Wholesale book tree.—Write HENRY MAY, Merchant, (624), Birmingham.

TO BE SOLD through ill-health, a complete green grocer's TURNOUT, Pony Cart and Harness.—Apply T. TITHER, 294, Crow•hme, Newton-le-Willows.

ItUPTUßlL—Gentleman (cured himself) will send free particulars of inexpensive Self-curative Treatment. Stamped address. Box 46, 69, CASTLE-STREET, Carlisle.

DEAUTIFUL BRUSSELS CARPET RUGS; cheapest in .1) the world ;32 inch, 13.; 60 inch. 23. 6d. Carriage paid. —Woons, Manufacturers, 82, Rosebank-street, Dundee.

LAUNDRY GLAZING Secret (the original) extremely simple ; gives actual appearance of white china.—For particulars, A HULSE, 337, Leigh-road, Atherton, Lancashire.

PLMJUisS. T ADY'S 3-9 tone Brilliant Diamond RING. £37 103 ; £.l Large Horseshoe PIN, £33 10s.—OtrekY, Pawnbroker, 3, Newton-street, Manchester.

j ARGH Single-stone Brilliant Diamond RING, £lB 103 ; J.J Solid silver TEA SET, " Rosette" pattern, very pretty (teapot, sugar, and cream), 211 17s 6d.—OusitY, Pawnbroker, 3, Newton-street, Piccadilly, Manchester. VORPHITHD PLEDGES: Lady's 3-stone Brilliant Dia- l. mond Cross-over RING, from Fatty's, Market-street, £l4 lOs ; Fine Ruby and Diamond Cluster PIN and STUD, £4 7s 6cI.—OuSEY, 3, Newton-street, Manchester.

FIELD GLASSES. 10 MILES RANGE, powerful ten e. achromatic, 355; approval; splendid case, strap, &c.—OusEr, Pawn- broker, 3, Newton-street, Piccadilly. Manchester.

MAKKIIS TO TM& QUERN. ADY'S Gold Keyless Open-face Lever WATCH, by I_4 Russell and Son, Liverpool; richly engraved ; £4 173 6cl.—OusEY, 3, Newton-street, MancLester.

FINE 39s 6d VALUE. HIGHLY-FINISHED Silver Keyless Waltham LEVER; perfect timekeeper; 5 years warranty ; money re- turned if not, approved of .—OLTEIHY.

RUSSELL'S, LIVERPOOL. (2 .OLD Keyless Open-face Centre-seconds Chronograph, k.fi Brequet spring. telly jewelled, £l6 les ; guaranteed tor 25 years.—Ouszy, 3. Newton-street, Manchester.

FIELD 57s 6d GLASS. 20 MILES Range, superior lenses, achromatic, clear definition, by Lemaire ; approvl.l.—OUSEY, Pawn broker, 3, Newton-street. Manchester.

FORFEITED PLEDGES. ARGR Single-stone DIAMOND RING, 18-carat gold ki £7 15s; very tine Charles 11. Guinea, 37s 63.—OusEY, Pawnbroker, 3, Newton-street, Manchester.

JJUBILRE £2 PIRCH (splendidly mounted), and Massive Solid Gold heavy Curb Albert, Hall marked, £7 17s 6d; Lady's 14 alf-boop Diamond Gipsy, £6 158.—OusEr, yawn- broker, 3, Newton-street, Manchester.

237 ICs. VERY Fine Brilliant Diamond Snake BROOCH, large V Oriental Pearl hanging from the mouth ; splendidly made.—OusEr, 3, Newton-street, Piccadilly, Manehester.

" SPROIMEN GEMS." ADY'S Blue-white Brazilian Diamond 3.stone RING, kA 224 153 ; fine Marquise RING. Emerald and Diamonds, £22.—oltszr. Pawnbroker, 3. Newton-street, Manchester.

OLD Df/ÜBLE4 BASS ; good tone, four strings, £8 103 ; Old Violins and 'Cellos wanted for cash, 'or repaired artistically, Waterproof 'Cello Oases, 14s 6d ; Reliable Violin Outfits from £1 19.—liESKETH, Violin Maker, 23, Lower Mosley-street, Manchester.

TO BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Wines.—The extensive 1 Works, lat.-1y used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick- street, Liverpool.

CIARTRIDGE3.—Warrilow's Noted Chippenham, for kill- kJ ing, with treble strong powder. superior English wads. cases, and chilled shot, any size to order—Brown 5s 9cl ; blue. 6s ; green, 6s 6d ; long shot rEds, 78 6cl ; unequalled, smokeless, reduced recoil light report, no smoke, but most effective, 7s 6d ; superior, 8s 6d ; best, 91 6d ; special for pigeon shooting, &c., 10s 6d ; these are special prices for cash with order only ; 500 sent carriage paid if cash with order. "Shoot the ' Kynock 'Smokeless powder," rematkable for killing and absolute safety; gun repairs, re-stock, re-bore, cl.oke, and enooting a speciality. Gitt full particulars free from WARRILVw'S (lux AND CARTRIDGE WORKS, Chippen- ham, Wilts.

BS WISE IN TIME AND FURNISH AT PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station. through Railway Arch) ; OR AT PITTS'S NEW BRANCH, PITTS'S, PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). Business Hours, 8 to 7 ; Saturdays 8 to 9. THE OLDEST FIRM IN THE TRADE. rirHAT HOPE DEFERRED MAKETH THE L HEART SICK is just as true now as ever it was will be attested by all whose most cherished aspirations have remained unfulfilled. In every walk of life we encounter this hankering after the (supposed) unattainable, whilst in many cases the remedy is close at hand if those interested only knew how to avail themselves of it. It afftcts most businesses, the furnishing trade especially. For instance. a young man meets a maiden fair whose appearance and merits he approves. She, likewise, appreciates his qualities, and quickly an affection springs up between them. How pleasant they think it would be to marry and start housekeeping together. Then the stumbling block presents itself—where is the cash to purchase furniture to come from ? With him, time past, like with most young fellows, "enough for the day has been the evil thereof." He has save I practically nothing so the marriage is postponed indefinitely. Now, this is where PITTS S step in with a timely suggestion. Instead of deferring the hope and making the hearts sick why not, by a fair and equitable arrangement, defer the payments and make both hearts glad? PITTS'S offer to supply the requisite house-furnishing articles at lowest cash prices on payment of a trifling deposit and remainder by easy instal ments,charging 10 per cent only for the convenience. PITTS'S during the last half century, have furnished thousands of homes in this manner that never would have been furnished otherwise. Now act promptly, and call at PITTS'S, of LONDON-ROAD and GAYTHORN. PITTS'.7; PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22i, 28i. 314, 50,75,100, 200. up to 1,000 guineas, are the embodiment of everything that is excellent and I necessaryafor the embellishment of the home. They are I incomparably superior in VALUE and appearance to others. I They comprise articles of rarest beauty though thoroughly substantial, and can be had for ABOUT HALF expensive I city prices. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDE, containing 700 artistic designs priced, post free. IVITTS'SIDINING-ROOM FURNlTURE.—Astound- ing display of Suites in Morocco. Saddlebags, Velvet, and other costly fabrics. For instance, splendid Suite, American walnut, covered with rich Utrecht velvet ; cost £45, Pitts's price £l5 10s- Handsome Sideboard, to match cost £2,5. Pitts's price £lO ICs. Extending Dining-table, cost £7, for £3 31. Grand Suite American walnut and Arabian saddlebags ; cost 50 guineas, Pitt's price £lB. Magnificent Brown Oak Suite, in real morocco leather ; coat 63 guineas, Fitts'e price 25 guineas. Colossal Solid Oak Sideboard, to match, profusely carved ; cost £B5, Pitts's price £35. Serviceable Suite, in real leather, £7 10s, cost £2O ; another in velvet, £8 Bs, cost £22, Sideboard, three bevelled plates in bleca,. £4 5s ; worth double. Scores to select from. Sideboards, Dining-tables, Dinner Waggons, every size, make, and design, in endless profusion at giving- away prices. prriv6 DRAWING-ROONI FURNIIURE.—A superb collection of choiceat designs, such as Chippen- dale, Sheraton. Adams, Louis, Ac., Ac., in rosewood, beauti- fully inlaid, Circassian and Italian walnut, Sce., upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings. including Genoa and frieze velvets, brocatelle. cotclaine. Ex. Chippendale Suite, in dark mahogany, cost £53. Pitts's price 24 guineas ; overmautel to match, cost 215, Pitta's price 6 guineas ; also Cabinet, cost £55, Pitts's price 20 guineas ; Italian Walnut Suite, in rich velvet, cost £35, Pitts's price 10 guineas ; one In Tapestry, cost £3O, Pitts's price 12 guineas ; another in embossed velvet. cost, £2l, Pitts's price S guineas ; Sitting room Suite, complete. cost £2O, Pitts's price 9 guineas ; has Couch, Two Easy. and Small Chairs, in mahogany and hair, or leather, Sideboard, Table, Carpet, Fender, and Fire Brasses. This is a marvel well worth securing. Cabinets, Overmantels, Occasional Tables, Ace Ac. Grand value. pITTS'S B EDR OOM FURN ITURE.—By far the largest and best selection in the provinces, Over a hundred Suites, solid wood throughout, all complete, in Satin Walnut, American Walnut, Spanish Mahogany, Ash and other fashionable woods. Gralid Solid American Wal- nut Suite, complete cost £65 ; Pitts's price 25 guineas. Splendid Satin Walnut Suite, cost £45; Pitts's price 18 guineas. Ash Suite, cost £25 ; Pitts's piece 11. guineas. Entire Contents of Bedroom, cost £2O ; Pitts's price 9 guineas containing wardrobe, pair of toilet tables, chest of drawers pedestal cupbcard, towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass, braes- mounted bedstead, mattresses, wool bed, bolster, two pillows carpet, fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive All- brass Bedstead, cost £ll ; Pit s's price, 6 guineas. Brass- mounted Bedstead, spring and wool mattresses full size and quality for 3 guineas, worth £6. PITTS'S BEDSFEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being clearei out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them, and rue after. PITTh'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. —Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, many of which exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and fitted tree of charge by competent men. PITIS'S PIANOS, CYCLE', BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps, Chins, Glass, Earthenware, Magnificent selection. Astounding value. Well worth inspection. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick and Loiagsight ears ; GAYTHORN (all City-road ears pas: door). ithei 1845. National Telephone, 1.124.

1/otelo, levinao, i:iarztng Ositatis.

PLACKPOOL.—BROOKLANDS BOARDING HOUSE, 12 1/ Tyldesley Terrace, promenade. homelike and cheerful ; excellent table ; electric cars pass door ; convenient all amusements.— WISEM

BERESFORD'S (LITE WEBSTER'S) REFRESHMENT ROOMS, 13 AND 15, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. APARTMENTS, BEDS. FIRST CLASS ACCOMMODATION FOE CYCLIsTs. Picnic Parties Catered for on the Shortest Notice:

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 it 71. RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLIMNLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL YOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDR .HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated. replete with every comfort; fine Bea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trains. Terms from is 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN ATITHE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONE ['TES, &c., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE N. 169. BRANCH UFFICE 24, HORSEMARKET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

SKELToys LIMITED, ENORMOUS STOLK OF PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD. BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS.

WARRINGTON UNION.—WANTED, for the Workhouse New In armary, a strong, able-bodied SINGLE MAN, or WIDOWER without encumbrance, under he age of 45 years, to act as Porter and Male Attendant. Salary £25 per annum, with rations, uniform. lodgings, &c. Also two MAID aIRVANTd for Nurses' Home; single women or widows without encumbrance, ages not to be more than 45 years, Salaries £l2 each per annum, with uniform, rations, lodgirgs, &c. Also a COOK-GENERAL for Workhouse. Salary £2l 5s per annum with uniform. rations, lodgings. &c. The duties connected with the above appointments may be ascertained upon application to the Matron of the Workhouse. The appointments are sti3ject to the deductions under the Superannuation Act of 1896. Applications, with copies of not more than three testi- monials of recent date as ts character and ability, to be sent to me not later than FRIDAY morning, the sth day of OCTOBER, 1930. By order, C. HARRALL WARD, Master of the Union Workhouse, Warrington, SNAornber 23th. 1930.

NERs. TITCFIETT and FAMILY BEG to THANK the many kind FRIRNDS for the sincere expressions of sympathy in their sad bereave. ment.

m-RS. SUNIMERSGILL and FAMILY ASK FRIENDS to ACCEPT this acknowledgment of their appreciation of the numerous letters of sympathy In their great bereavement.

CORPORATION Dl' WARRING TON.—ELECTRIC LIGHT AND SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEES. lie The Electric Light and Sanitary Works Committeesof the Corporation of the Borough of Warrington are prepared to RECEIVE TENDERS for the Supply of Furniture for the Electricity Station and Central Sanitary Depot. All particulars may be obtained at the undermentioned office. Tenders to be seta in to the Chairman of the Electric Light Committee. Bank House,Sankey-street. not later than 12 o'clock noon on THUFSDAY NEXT, the 4th October. 1900. JAMES DEAS. Engineer. Bank House, Sankey-street. September 28th, 190).

DURING THE ELECTION IF YoU WANT SUSTAINING TRY FULLER'S SWEETS AND CHOCOLATES. SOLE AGF:NTS : ME WARRINGTON CAFES LTD. VIN ARLEIGH " C N AFE, " SANK EY STREET. SPECIAL SHOW DAY WEDNESDAY NEXT.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. K EATIN GS POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., I/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/- NT EIV BELLOWS, 9d,; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/ Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) sold in Tins, 3d„ 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. K ILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

ARCHITECT AND SURVEYOR. A/T1 R. C. R. BURTON BEGS to INFORM his 17'1. FRIENDS and the PUBLIC. that after being fifteen years PRINCIPAL ASSI*TANT to the LATE JOHN EDWARD WRIGHT. Esq.. ARCHITECT, HAS COMMENCED BUSINESS IN MILL STREET CHAMRERS. WARRINGTON. and will be pleased to execute any Commission entrusted to him in an efficient manner and at reasonable charges. September Bth, 1900.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET, VI ARRINGTON. Telephone No. b 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Lc., warehoused.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

300r5t5, (tarriageo. tscr. CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BLNNION, 4, A UDLEY MEET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

HARROP BROS. AND COMPANY. PEWTEHERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS.— PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

2150,000 At from 31t per cent.to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds In sums to snit borrowers,in any part, of the country.--J. W. READER, 5. Cook-street. Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£86,50() avEttAvoII"ZA,cSN.:,Ta&AFS In- terest from 3f per cent. CHIEF 'RENTS FOR bALn.—J. BROWN. 50a, Lord-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 7486. Est. 1872.

WIDNES AND WARRINUTON. V OHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. 510N13Y TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNIfs• WARRINGTON at mi Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

T 0ND01.4 AND PROVINCIAL 141 LOAN COMPANY. LOANS .E 3 TO £lOOO. TO ALL RESPECTABLR HOUSRHOLDRRS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATS. also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Aisurance Policies, Reversions, Lite Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £25 repayable 12/6lper wk. £lO „ 6/- „ £3O „ 15/- „ £l5 „ 7/6 „ £35 „ 17/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £4O „ 20/- No Fees or Fines Charged. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office Hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Satardays 9to 1 p.m. Apply to JOSUPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121. Mersey-street, Warrington.

MONEY.—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Pub licity, Fees, or Law Costs. From One Month to Five Years, THE NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, MANCHESTER. Estab. 1875. The Directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary cash assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrower's simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. Apply, in strictest confidence, to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Manager. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge pre- liminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectionable loan office routine is entirely dispensed with. NOTE.—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS FOR LOANS ON LIFE INSURA.NCB POLICIES, REVERSIONS AND SECOND MORTGAGES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY ROTE. AT MUCH LOWER INTEREST THAN USUALLY CHARGED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The nndersigned has carried on BUSINESS for thirty year., and always under HIS OWN NAM IS. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner. and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus and Terms, may be obtained Free of Charge on Application, personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ;ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 16, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE kyo. 64, COENH ILL, LONDON. Establilhed 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGH The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Famwortb Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moorfield House

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £435,000,009. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Eickmere & Son Bridge-st., Messrs. Woods & eon, Commercial Chambers 55, II orsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voitey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank—street.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUPACT.UREI/S OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Elide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 98. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MANCHESTER GRAM MAR SCHOOL FEE £4 Lls. PEE TERM. THE TERM BEGAN TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11TH. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, &c., may be had at the School. NB—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, Is situated in Higher Broughton, OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

youß OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS TEA AND COFFER SETS Re-plated with pure Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN YEARS 011'st-class quality. J. AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES, LOCKETS, so- RE-GILT, frora 6d.

THE WISE WILL NOT MISS IT. MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY. HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S GREAr AUTUMN SALE. CLEARANCE OF THE: SURPLUS STOCK. TO MAKE ROOM FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER NOVELTIES, .AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY. ALL SUMMER GOODS AT REDUCTIONS OF FROM 50 TO 75 PER CENT. The Residue of Edwards's Stock, recently removed from 68. Church-street. Liverpool, will be offered at prices purely nominal. EXTRAORDINARY PURCHASES OF MANUFACTURERS' CLEARING LOTS, AT HEAVY DISCOUNTS. Grand Display ofIFEATHER BOAS. FUR' MUFFS, and NECKLETS. for Ladles and Children, AT SPECIAL PRICES, HIGEI-CLASS MILLINERY. GENUINE BARGAINS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT FRESH AND FASHION ABLE GOODS AT POPULAR PRICES. ON MONDAY NEXT OCUOBER:BTHZAND FOLLOWING DAYS. AT HENRY MILES AND COMPANY. 25 & 25A, CHURCH STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL). LIVERPOOL. ta Telephone 7385.

FREEBORN'S CORAZZA. SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOR FITTING; ONCE TRIED. ALWAYS WORN, FINE LINEN FRONTS, BANDS AND WRISTS. AND THE NEEDLE- WORK IS OF THE HIGH EbT CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 3s. 6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d.. 15s. 6d. FREEBORN'S WATHR - REPELLENT OVERCOATS, 255., 355., 455.. FREEBORN'S MACINTOSH COATS. 15s. 6d., 275. 6d., 425. H. R. FREEBORN, 11, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

THE EXAMINER, OCTOBER 5Tu 1900.

. Et ..... ... • --- Y , •xlik ,:, f. '.°l .t.. - _ -- ' • -- t ...t: • ii ;',-. ,A' „, 6 .. . ', ... .! , . Lt-,,, , :, ‹.) '4%, • v•'• ISt J ~ ..., . V.,A :o'l ~4-0-k §i,al- I . , I km ' k . .:‘ v C ikii I ,;4.01.1) ~,,,, 411 _., ~ ..„.... ,0 ''.. L.. '.... 4 ' , 4 l'i" 4' 0 ,t' ~ 4 e ,),,, i.,`• ' ) 4 - t t '- . -i ( t..., g.t. ,' * . ~ .!9 er• .4 e =I I: '' . 4 .. s. 41 ,if. •-' ' ‘le. %' %, 2 * - ...sipp .i, ~..

POSTAL INFORMATION • POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON ! LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can ba post ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 50 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Heisby, Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and 814. Lancashire. 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, awl the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, eotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birk enhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpaol, ionth,nct, Oernikirk. Bath. Borist Exeter Gloucester. Plymouth, Yorkshire, Minehoste S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gau Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwieh Nantwich and Sandbach 2-45 p.m .—Frodsham. Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymna, Thelwall, Heaney 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.es.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland LI rerpool.Birkenhead Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—Loadon, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign 14etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Tlaurld Lys when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTO N. HEAD OFFICE ig h-st., New ton POSTMASTER Mr.Jataes Jar dan }roars of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m, The Tele..raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 131. n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. ET TER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES Showingthetime to which a letter can be posted with o rdin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp,

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, GoThorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south or Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, BlAckpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S ,„Ati Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield.Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Nlght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Hail RECEIVING HoUSE, SUB-OPPIcES, AND W o.LL Bexe ABE CLEARED IS FoLLOWS: • RECEIVING HOUSE— WEEK-DAYS. Barlestown and 8 p.m.

" CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE" is a guaran- teed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. Forlicrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sore of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi- monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware.of worthless Imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 1 VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HA.TR.—If your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colon:. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6-d per bottle.—Advt. FLORILINE I—you THE TEETH AND BREATH.—THOIVIIghIy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, previ.ots tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?.s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Adis CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d itch, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors lb ough ut the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Tne incoin and Ltelland Counties Drug Company. Lincsoin.— Advt.

_ 1 ~/, , ~,,,,,,,..., ,:,., ,:.- ~..,7,: ••,,,,,,:,.‘•,.. ;,,,:.,,,:,- :• , '., , . „.!.... •,,,•:-,' -• • ~.‘ • ••• .• ~ ~. ' 4, . • . ;4; ''`; '''',:•'''.'''''' .4- ' '' ' ^'' I' tt,;,•.• ', .'. ',--- ~'-_,-. ' •:;7.'''-'1 •',-,- ,c..'• ~ ::':-: -p4-t. t.. 00.„ . -' 't„,, ,: , ~, ..„,,,,..,-.7 ....._,...-.• --f,k---,.,.. MIRO -,:-.:-:.,;-.., ,-;::...'.i.A;:::-..4r, '7,04 -- ...,, ~.f..1 .-,, '..,) lf.;:-,.,' •,', ~.. -, 41.--flx. f' ' ij-.--:...t.., ' , ~:-,. ,:v:.,,,, ,:-:-... ''•4''' '''''ik..... '• . .4:)ZZ' ' 4:'4.14 . `,,r, -, .. al f '',k; , •.•":. ;.':'N' ''''. •;:"4:: -.:.:' ~..If.' .;42',;•,',A '...AL.'1.-": ';'• ...,,,,,,i; : •,.., . .. • :.., ~ T. ,„sr , 'l' '-..,'Vg „. '1V•I':. 7 ....:. '• ',47-..., ‘.••:4•'-....." • 1 , • . .. ' ' • , „ , . ''' " I . 4.',..- . , ''' •• ' '''.. 'NY.'" ~.•••‘" ''','''' . ' .4C'e": t' ~) kw ,p,,,1.4, 4,-t,?.),,,-~:N, _ ~ _:-..f.;:•.t.'4%, ...; ,•a.".,.7Y..-'•''' ,Te.;,1..'..'.' .';. -...''' . ;v. •‘ • . ..,,'.. :*'?' `-. .;•.'..-:;.:'.,t,',:'• ~...Z..., t'.. 4:::i .4 k!.,,,i,;41„ "('-'7'1,.,..',i;.:',.':•-''..• 41''',.';1•.: ''IS.1'".•••••*e;:.:'i"!: F•';'.':''.....c lisf''''',-1;••4••••••/;•.' '•!•4;, ',':,*,..;;,' •.?.•:,,,,f. 2,!,,,V, ' ''''Pe .A.. 3 S':'.;;`'...'.;:i'rk . , ~..• • ~.,:.i•.;''.',:! '.•,•:•.. '• '; ''' l'•!''.o•ii!.. • i'4'..'k'r,'/',:t.'....)::',1',.0...'Z'';',.:!.:.;;,,; %• 2q" . ....A...''''"•'•'s'''.tSci?.'',it'.ol'lf; -,,i,.,-.•,,, ,t,'.::.,i.),, . .t..... . ..... ~........„,...,....,..:, ~......„,..,,,,,,....*:, , 4...,,, .1.'.4r.".013';`,,t• -,e,•:••., •:,.. -,! ~..,:_ ,_ , : ._, _ . 0,,,r,..,,,, ..4,- .tr. 1.. t•.. , .1,,,, .t• 4..1.t. ' -•tet'llkiv•-ejs!,.*:'.•.,:, 4.'4 ,t• '',.,„,..,''.;:* ' ' `h.' .'" -st:vt, ::.-t:•,,,,••• ..21,:.:' . t 4- .t ,-, ,:=':-• : 'I" •Y•• i ' it-, •, . ~t i'.:,?•„4",,,,,:";,*•,••!.):• ~:: ~- ' .4:4 .7,, ..,•,,, g,,,,A __,....;,,J.', . . , , , . ._ , . --*" ' '''' ' 'l' . %.•*,:ry .; ~, ..* ''*::...i,T ...t: `i,•,,,e ' ''';', - `•: e ''' '..-='':N,,..z.. ••••- :,,,' ,'-!-, t. ::41 :',.,,,Lti• 4 ~L-':',i *:;•': `;‘''' .7; `,.7%.*.•. . . , , . , . ~ : •-/NA mf.t. 4 ',.:';',‘.,, , ):6 „,...41, ... ~..,. .. :,.t., kA14'.,;1:62%tki,(;;;',4-',..1',:•;"?....`,":•i 7::,)'.. . • CL Q. Pirairre• .47 -'''',:'; ';:.:.'''''''-'' ' ''';'• - ••••••• C 7 „, ~ . „ ~.. . , -,, , , ~. ....• •:',:,..S'.'4;';'lJ-/....,‘.=;,"2••'•''' .. • - . • . - _ . • _ . •-•--. . . • . . • .•.,-, . . • ''• )..• .I;•C66'.`iii.'B':e"v.%e:r'y..:i.:ll irl-.9-nec?s.s' .a..rito m.a. ke'LINE,N GLOSSY, STIFF and , FLEXIBLE. Does not St 1 c,lc to the Iron. ~ .., .' , ..1:,,..,...... ..''.•.:::7,.;z:('..''''''A''' I<ii.o.vvje:d.jed. :E.'o be. the BEST. 3. ~T. A, .R, ,CH....50l ~ .',,,.. sA'a'-d0,..-',:b.y,i'hi';M'' .an'6..r-a'4..t;:u'r'ers. of the celebtated:Reckirr Paris . Blue. , L'

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Sum* to Countrp mansions, Dote's, and public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED. AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG PLeRE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

Dales' Ts a wonderful waterproofer for BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. ..k . 111 ii Tins 2d. 6d., el- Z 7. 2/6 of Boot Ilibbilni Makers,. Saddlers, Ironnwnerors .sr.c. llfanufactory Dulwich, London.

HAVE YOU A i;-BAD LEG wounds n mm dischargeatid w o n aonr otherwise, hatiset'Pe:b nbeaP surrounded YOU press your finger en the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression P If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dig - coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may Inv* rtatended various hospitals and had medical advice, an I oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not. for I CAN OURS YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for Es. 6d. to C. W. ALBIIIIT, 73, FARRINGDoN-STREET. LoNDott, and you will receive a I:Kix of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs }loose maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pals )ael Hand Bunions. Registered Copytight.)

DR. DE. BOOS' COSIPOUND RENAL PILLS Ate justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumstism. Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the. blood with certain impurities which 6 hould have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON." thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.O.

- •->3 .. _ ... .. . ... Oa& THE "REFEREE" ALL-WOOL _ • ,441,4 :-..-...,..._ Il fe <jl , tio sO • „ ~,. ..., i ri, • tSZ % E Of c•---4k l . SANITARY CYCLING SUITS • 'n'-'./.' i , \''t Safeguard Cyclists from• . A • , the evil effect of damp ,tig 1 ,t and cold. •-, Composed of Wool •-i...,:, V throughout.• ~...,-,:::::, ' Prices from 27- suit. Rainproof, 32/- i, ..: ~ Best quality, 41/6 & 48/6. Harris Tweeds,from £3.35. i...-.. rilp : ! The new "Khaki" Sorge, from 211- e. R:. ''il'q ih, ~ Khaki Drill, from 1216. ..- -A.: Pearly - ma.le Touring and -,, Pacing Suits at moderate .... 4 pricfn. - The "REFEREE" The "REFEREE." WATERPROOF PONCHOS or CAPES. ST IUS. -- G... ...: ,6:,.....W! ..• /1/ 44°/// i .i . 3FI .1. 1. • , ~,.., ' '.. /,./.!:i•::,. 'Si" •• " .. :...::•::•V.,,.. ,E 1 \IV, ...!••:.:' ••••••••••"0 ~, .-.5.W.,..:,, / The " Referee " (Regd.). The finest Shoe in the 4.:-i,•,.?",4 if.!::::',k‘• ~$'$::,:;"/;'• World. Horsegkin or Tan Calf, 10/6. The " Gamsoo" Leather, 12/8 14/6. Postage 4d. , • - ~;.;:•••••••••%•••••••,, ~:.:::W.,.,....,.., , V....tVW, :lif ig...,!.i..4ft,,..„',..:;.:::::1i ,;,,i •, . The Famous' SHORLAND." 4, wi,:-...--....:•...;.:::::,.; ',,t .',.! i '"..i.:,--;.•,:::.:::.;.•".:::,'4'.*/c'.',(,11 i',, , -I' -- ~i' ~ .. - :;,•i: ,• -n-- -, g: ~.., :r" -:,.. ili:1 i iiiiii,.., ,f,) 516 ~..400.---- 3/- ''• 'pi', ! ii! is; ii 1 i',;liiii' 1; ','',' i <:*---.._ . ... )Is 41%! : :-..--, 'I i ' 411: . 4-. II Ne 2 •_ . ~, ‘4,1: Thick Legs aud . ~f•-, , ,• ' i ,'. Thin Feet, vr4h : . ..- r / -IN - • - • - • - - 1 '•- - The "Ref- I, - The Famous "Shorland." Cut all in one piece. Padded Calves - Black Horseskin or Tan Calf, 5/8 6/11, 8/6, Sze. forTb: 5/6 '-c • Postage 4d.

it '''Al .4--, ',c:..i.:, H PI LL 01,40 13ilioas and lientous Disorde irs SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, arc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 73. New Oxfard Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

TOW •", Cl7:c. PENNYROYAL al its 1, i-;;,;• • • ro'R F E Nip., L E .S.. • i OTRY oonzzcz ALL G oxs,•and relieve the distressing' M symptoms toms so pr4vaient with the sex. Boxes,l/li & 2t9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., -.7lla.q.ufacturer,s, Dryden St., Nottingham. ' Dewar, of Imitations, imuriouz and tenrsh7.n.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

• Fl S CU. ED From the first does Ozerine fits cease. It has cured PERMANENTLY the yew weuat eases of Epilepsy when every other remedy had failed. Price 4s. 6d. and ii... Post Free. Thousands of Testimonials. Send for a Free Barple Bottle, and test U. Write to—(Department 7) I. W. NICI-CCIOGIG, Pharmaceutical Chemist. 25. High Street. Belfast.

SY M I N GTON'S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. CUARANTEED PURE. 10P

MANLY MEN: Why suffer from 'pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows hosv every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, cud ovary:teed genus " I cannot find words to express ow as t am. I used to think I never would geG cure 1. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I sloodd have saved many pounds.—G.F M." " I nave carri c 1 out your Instructions, and am now per fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, treat Russell Street, London, W.C. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous SUC3CS 6

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK : Boys and Girls can get a NICKEL- • ' PLATED WATCH. also a CHAIN and CHARM for selling 1 dozen packages of BLUME at Flrepence each. Send your full addrnss. including name of County. ' . • by return mail, and we will forward the Bluine, post paid, and a large premium list. No money BLUINE Co. (Department N'l) 241. Gipsy Road. West Nor Wood, London, S.E.

EVERY MAN SQUFFERTING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be successfully treated wit)3out stomach medLution. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charae.—A. E. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCERY L.A.RE, Lor.-nox. Over 30 years' continuous success.'

tc,4 Ei%‘4 .s..._c;_ '• dip iPv Litr7o4'. Ir.:6C.V" /( c, 11 etIF , 9, IpAi 0), va Oil f-. 4111 wt... 1 lirAvr 04 & 941

FRANK suoo, 32, Lord St., ,e LIVERPOOL Shirt and Knicker Maker. :14 Every Pattern and Colour kept in Stock. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE k "Pp FREE. Send for one.

SHIRTS. BOOTS, KNICKERS, SHIN GUARDS. B&GS. ac. Boot Studs, plst-free, 6d. per dozen. AU Articles for Football, Hockey. Boxing. Fencing, Gymnasia, and all Out and Indoor Games at Lowest Prices. Send for Illustrated List. It will repay you. TYLDESLEY AND HOLBROOK PRACTICAL SPORTS OUTFITTERS. 68, Bridge-street (5 doors from Deansgate). Manchester.

THE CRISIS IN CiilNA has caused much alarm. A few years ago it would have affected the comfort of every home In lingland by increasing the cost of tea. To-day, however, with the delightfully fragrant and refreshing British-grown tea which is being shipped weekly to BROOKE BOND tt Cott LTD" from India and Ceylon, tea-drinkers may regard the crisis with equanimity. Thanks to British capital and industry, India and Ceylon have become the great tea-gardens of the world, and we are no longer dependent on the long•eyed race who once held the tea monopoly. Although the capital invested in British tea-productien amounts to over £14,000,000, there is no tea more highly prized than BROOKE, BOND'S. It is obtained from estates in the finest stage of cultivation, is the choicest pick of each season. and is always exquisite and delicious. And yet the Nimble Nineppnce Buys Half-a-Pound, and each packet is full weight without the paper 1 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT AT 1/6 PER LB. BROOKE, BOND'S T.

F OR F 1 RST-CILASS PRIVAT; D EINTISTR:Y. TEETH. Appointments nnnecessary,:but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations ree. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehmd the Wei work required. TEETH. Gold ard other fillings at moilerate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-,nless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists o 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM INIANCHESTER.— .....-46, XtOSLEY-STREIT (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS ............... .—....GEORGE-STRBEet MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EA RLEST JWN BkUU.STEE Ti.JDAY. 2 p.m. WA RRING TO NT SAN K Y-STRSISr WEDNES.O,IY, 2 to b. RUNCORN THURSDAY. 2 to 5. NORTH WICH 18, A.I'PLIMARK';T-STl35° FRIDAY, 11 tc. 12 nd 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. tnittrOb• SMITH —PEARCE —Septemt4er 22n-1, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev, A. F. Whitt., William Smith to Annie Pearce. hull' r 0 TINGLE—HOUGHTON—September 23rd, at the Parish n le to Warrington. by the Rev. Canon Wilha, Hrnest Ting Hann‘h Houghton. GLEAVE —GRIFFITHS —September 23rd, at, t Iv. Parish Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willie, Wciiiam GU"- Edith Uriffiths.

FRIARS' GRREN, Warrington Opt lgite Arpley Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late S. T. WARD AND Ca• MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE mAsONS, SLC",„ Makers of all kinds oZ Chimney Plece3, 3Lnatiznea.-' Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite. Marble, and Stone. Des!gns and Ustimatel Free- LETTER, CUTTING, AND CLRANING EX.ISTINts MONUMENTS A SF RCT_AUI. Ay K X Warrington.—Printed and Published bv -w g sft er Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works. Bevisact street, and published by them h.t the cone Ploa 4.00 also at the The Examiner Offices, 42, George-street, ST. HELF.Ns and 3, Maraltfl; BARLESTOWN,iutheCounty of LaTlCABtOraudalsn' street,RUNCORN, In the County of Chest3r.-OCTOR"' 1900
