===== 0002601_19000412_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
tbe " erairtintr " Anrits Op T -41iCABRIRE AND CHESHIRE COENTE NEWSPAPERS Comprises ilp Iv fr ii:ia- lrrington and Xi -Cheshire Examiner. pub Tut, 'M every Saturday morning. ~' Zarlest n and Newton Examiner, published rit-verY Friday ..fternoon. iSre. Itelens Examiner, published every Friday r-r, afteraoon. • -1_11„ Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- Plitita7 morning, and riPicin ea Examiner, published every Friday 'torninw. °lle eh.,.. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. --ge secure". insertion o: the undermintioned Adver- Who, tisenients in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. To ',,IEDS. oti.'„„o Lim 18 WORDS 6D , Q&LI4s, C And 3d for each succeeding 9 words. Wor(l3 One Three Six la Week Weeks Weeks 2? Os. Gd. ... is. 3d. 2s. Od. a 6 Os. 9d. ... Is. 101. 3s. Od. 45 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 45. Od. 5; is. 3d. ... 3s. id ss. Od. Is. 6d. ... 3s. Ed 6s. Od. JOHN WALKER, & CO., IftmaNt kik.4110„111 POSTERS. A. SP ECIALITY VAllyin'',,l,.." POSTE as. LARGE TYPE ZAsllin-r,"1„ POSTERS. PO ZkvilaiWit,, POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKIN i."44M46,-ri-, P(nTE AS. POSTICR POSTERS. Produced in the Country, 4144,11/ -" POSTERO. °lit POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19000412_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE. BARGAINS IN A.Lr, DEPAKTMENTS. SRVERAL LOTS AT HALF PRICE TO OLEAR.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF FURNISHING IRONMONGERY

AT GREATLY REIM; CED PRICES. j. S. GARLAND,

51, 53, 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S PILLS.

EADWS pILLS. All who suffer from Gout of Rheumatism s'iould immediately EADN'S PILLS. have recourse to RADII'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADR'S pima. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE B pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v EADB,B pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe io

heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendr.i.ion ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT "16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HE U MA TISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills, It is six years since I first had RHEUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated ur me down almost to a skeleton. It Taltraeri i,exatnAip was rin pe de g Irshuaadad ynobthe: GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they preventel RHEUM ATIS :5 my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have natl the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have beers all right again Dintume.Txsm directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT _ll OUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. ~[1 HE UNI ATI SM wYjolautaruesequyiotue ititialiobortjisto amnacil GOUT shall be pleased tb answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMAT M Leg (enclosing stamped success, addle 33). Yours truly ALEEItT MOTTNTAIX." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. ltd. and 23. 3d or sent post free for Foetal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOBWELL-ROAD, E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain EADE'6 GOUT AND At.f.EU MATIC PILLS. EADE B PILLS

.. THE ANGLO. .!;‘,..i. t --, THE ANGLO- AMERICAN tx . ~ AMERICAN HOUSE. NI t'i..... -::;! •_ie..,... HOUSE. 72, PRINCES RD.. corner UPPER WIRWICK ST., LIVERPOOL.

Teeth Enppited from (inc to a Complete bet, on Vulcanite, Dental Alloy. and Gold.

ONLY MUM-CLASS WORK AND No ExotiVITANT CHARGES. Toothache relieved instantaneously and looth saved. Diseases of the Gums treated successfully.

Teeth filled with (I OLD. PLATINUM, CEMEN 0. to., Repairs of all thscriptions attended to. Redly adjusted pieces re-modelled. CROWN in BRIDGE WORE: A SPECIALITY. All Cases and Testimonials considered confidential. Nola TEE ADDRESS-72, PRINCES ROAD, corner Upper Warwick Street, Liverpool. Side Entrance, Upper Y. arwick street. Blectric Cars stop at corner. Hours from 9 till 6. Saturdays till 2.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. K EATIN GS POWDER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1,- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, ed.; Tins, 3d., 6d , 1/- Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) sold in Tins, 3d„ 6d., and is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d.

KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. DOLLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
imimmiamia

===== 0002601_19000412_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND Cu.,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR INSCRINCE OFFICE 3

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR AUG CIONEERS

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPA. NIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOtRDS,

PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, Sze. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS.

PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c. Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues. Conditions of Pale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts. Soirees, Balls, &e. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings,Memorandurns,Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business Visiting and Mourning Csrds. Handbills, &c. Solicitors, Merch trite, Manufacture,s.Tradesmen, and others enquiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trtal.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
.

, ~ k fr•-4 ' ' ......1.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Ifiontp.

£1509000 At fromrt Mortgage sj!;epceonstit. toof bj?) eAeddvsainneseL is to suit b mrowors,in any part of the eountrv.—J. W. READER. 5. Cook-street, Liverpool, Telephone 5182,

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISEI YOUR MOMS, MONEY TO PAY RENT on DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. . Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNI. WARRINGTON at nu Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £.5, £7. £lO, £2O. £3O. £BO and upwards.

lONDON AND PROVINCIAL LOAN COMPANY. LOANS £3 TO £5OO DATLY. TO ALL RRSPEOTABLR HOUSBHOLDERS, and others, with or ;Whoa sureties and S VitIOTLY Pat VATS. also LOANS grantel on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Life Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/-per wk. £5 „ 2/6 .. £25 „ 12/6 „ 10 „ 5/- „ £35 „ .j 5- „ £l5 „ 7/6 „ £35 „ 17/6 ~ No Fees or Fines Charged. . Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attentiod, 041:e Hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Satardays 9t 1 1 p.m. Apply to JOSi'PH WADSWORTH, District As,ant, 121, Mersey-street, Warrington. ---

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. ONJ BORROWER'S OWN PROWSSOEIC NOTE. The anclersigned bas been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS antler HIS OWN NAMS. He has always endeavo4red to act Ins fair and etre igbtforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF I.ItTTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES.

PROSPECTUS izSi. terms for advances, or any Information siesired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARUN, on applica tion either persomdly or by letter, to

GEORGE PA YNE,

ACCOUNTANT,

COUNTY PALATINE 13 UILDINGS, 16. SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. Head Office, 20, Kennedy St., Manebeater.

Ts CLARKE. " EXIIMBR " (JFFICE, 33. lIIMIKET EAFtLESTOWN STATtONtE NE MSAGENT. dcc &c. LADIRS JJtCWIL,YURSV.S, and a largo Variety of other Articles useful and roamentql alwars in Stook. AGENT FOR THR WRSLETAN AND EISNER* ASS UR aNcE 50C11317,.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
GeCKERTOFUORR MCDOtJ(iALI :S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR

ESTAGLISHEO

IyAFIGE.67I* PIANO & ORGAN

ea,ders of The Warrington Examiner.

HALr A -CENTURY.

FIRM INTH

===== 0002601_19000412_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

My DEAD. NELLIE,

I am glad to tell you th:-,A several new styles in blcrises have lately p.a in an appearance amongst us. Perhaps the most charming is a loose bodice of crepe de chine or fine muslin, worked here and there with tiny flowerets in gold thread or silk. The graceful folds and draping of this blouse depend on the more or less skilful adjustment of it. It is slightly open at the throat, tied across with narrow black Übe ribbon, whilst at the waist it is held in place by a broad soft eeinture of crepe de chine, knotted at one side ; the elbow sleeves are finished with a deep frill. For simple morning wear, the batiste or taffetas shirt, sailor shape, with two, or perhaps three, collars, turning back from a tucked muslin chemistte, and a knotted sailor tie in front, seems the kind most in vogue.

In millinery matters another radical change that appears to be impending is that of wearing the hat on the back of the head instead of shading the forehead. Also, hats seem to be growing very tall again, and there is some reason to fear that, should they not be headed back, wd may return to the very inartistic exaggeration of some six years since, when the hat was so very high that ladies of little height appeared to have their heads in the centre of the body, measuring from the waistline to th, topmost feather of the head- gear. Lightness is a characteristic of the fashion- able headgear. Tulle, chiffon, and feathers are all on the topmost wave of favour, and later on gauze ribbons will supersede glace. Roses made of silk chiffon and coloured gauzes of the most diaphanoux texture are used as substitutes for the ordinary artificial flowers.

I saw a very stylish tailor-made gown o&zrial out in mastic cloth. The smart little coat has a collar of the printed panne. A pretty waiatcoat of the same material is disclosed when the coat is thrown open. A fitted swathed band of dull blue silk encircles the waist, and a stylish toque in net of a blue to match, trimmed round one side with e handsome black oArich feather secured by a bril- liant and turquoise buckle completes the toilette.

Who long, clinging skirts that are fashionabti just now are most unsuitable for windy weather. They absolutely coil like cobras round the limbs and render them helpless. Most of the ladies' tailors are willing to supply sensible, short-skirted costumes to their customers, and these of a com- paratively inexpensive kind. The skirts are a good inch off the ground all round, and nothing can be neater or more appropriate to such weather as we are now having, and of which we may ex- pect a continuance, in some degree, right up to the end of May. The east wind generally lasts, off and on, "till May is out:" thereby justifying the old proverb that warns us against. doffing warm clothing in language that once was in the mouths of the cultured but has now become in- elegant. The effects of the popular craze for khaki 'are to be seen even in the fancy-work shops, where all kinds of articles in the favoured hue, with or without touches of scarlet, are being shown ready prepared for working. The simplest type of khaki-embroidery has for its foundation light brown linen on which is traced a bold conventional design intended to be worked over in satin-stitch with khaki cotton or flax-thread, and finally out- lined with scarlet stem-stitching. This embroidery can be satisfactorily applied to cushions, blotters, work-bags, and many other things, the lining, where one is necessary, being of scarlet silk and any cord, ribbon, or gimp trimmings of the two colours mingled.

Your loving JNYNIZ.

~,..4_,i...i=4,„,:z, t.440,,,z).4::..„„,„ _ ___ -.4 ' ~—, A 'e CZ' ',''' . „ ‘, '& ( \\ciiii." VIA •.,,,, nel\s-'l%. , ,--.•-_._ )4, t,, .. ,'''' i -----,--,) •;;-r* .:, i ,s i:', g." ,*•_. '‘,‘ 1 VIII' / r ',. ': -: ', ‘7:::;,.../;:i , '3/41.-v..,• ,* .1 IA ' -1- • :i,;.'4. 1,0 ~ ' !,,,, ~i ~ : i, ii;. l iii ( 1111 . 11,P1,11,;::..!!!,. " • : •:,r• ill ' 1:,:i..,!!,:;::::•..:: 1 ,_.

era 1%,g1x, a C 1 N* 716417e1 /•'''ft_. i-*'fro:. 7 „,„"..,4_______,_ •:-3.• __.,•fr-- '2-'l, i • ' .I.P;, '-'% '..---y? -)'- --T----•,' ,r-' / ( ( I? i. .:.1...• ~.!' / / , ry i

4,1,-,—,-.„.ls* --,• ....."? ' 4...,. . / , '° 1 . 7,c 0 /4 0 1 ' lil 1 3 1 1/ \ ' Iti _ ,g: '

===== 0002601_19000412_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO MAKE USE OF THE SUN

Sun Baths for Strength.

The following notes have beEn sent us by a hygienist of note, and while publishing his notes we must say some of his theories are far fetched, but the principles laid down are good. One of the mot wonderful hygienic agents ever discovered is the ray of the sun, the various potencies of which, as applied in the service of human need and luxury, have ben carefully studied by a few investigators. Inasmuch as the sun with its emanations is the supreme factor in terrestrial life,it is to be regretted that the public as a whole are not more familiar with the leading principles of what is known as chromopathy, which can be applied without expert knowledge. And perhaps if the public were better informed as to what the sun can do for them, some of our housewives would not be o fearful of faded carpets ; or, rather, they would look upon that as one of the necessary concomitants of healthfu It is a matter of record that the nude or semi- nude races, whose bodies are largely exposed to the solar influence,are almost exempt from the diseases SO common to civilsatioo ; their strength, too, is proportibnably greater than ours; and they are said to compare vary favourpbly in the ability to acquire knowledge, developing wondered percep- tion and knowledge. 1111112M1 beings, like plants, require the direct light of the sun in order to attain a superior development. As a curious item , of information, it has been found that few, if any, suicides occur in rooms or offices on the sunny side of buildings, tragedies of this kind being almost ex- clusively confined to the shady side. When Takins, a House.

Steve was doubtless now wholly absorbed in gold- getting, that gold was doubtless his god, and he had 'ceased to love her. Else why should he be silent? Yes, he had gone out to win gold for her, but now it appeared the gold had more attraction for him than she herself had. He had ceased to love her. This thought was galling to her in the extreme. For a time she worried and fretted, then her proud spirit rose within her. She would not be miserable. She would not fret and worry, and trouble herself about Stephen Hart. No, indeed 1 She would let everyone see that she didn't care a rap about him. For the gossips had heard that Steve had ceased to correspond with Ella Rayburn, and they wagged their heads knowingly. Ralph Cartleigh learnt the news in good time from Ben. "I thought it would end that road," said Ben, sagely. "Lots o' these young chaps as goes out to forrin countries soon forgets thoose they left behind 'em. Absence may make th' heart grow fonder, as Solomon or some'dy else says; but it's oft fonder of the other woman or fellow, yo'll notice. I should no' wonder if Steve isn't wed to hauve-a- dozen nigger lasses, for I'm towd 'at it's th' fashion ,to have thoose many in these hot, forrin lands. By gow 1 I should think Steve'll have a rare sultry time of it when his little lot are all jawin' at him at once. One woman's quite enough for me ;lan' sometimes hoos one too many." Wakes time, with its welcome holidays, was in view again. Ralph Cartleigh, visiting the Rayburns, generously offered to defray the expenses of a week's outing at Blackpool for the widow and her daughter. Ella was averse to accepting the offer but her mother's entreaties prevailed. On the last Saturilay in August, therefore, Ella and her mother, escorted by the factory-master's son, journeyed to breezy Blackpool. Here, midst the whirl of merry life, in the gorgeous palaces of pleasure, in country drives and delightful sea-trips, in one continual round of bustling gaiety, the factory lass quite forgot her lover across the ocean, Steve, the Outlander, who at that time was in an agonised state of mind, waiting for the answering letters that would never come. Ella Rayburn was happy, happy in forgetfulness, forgetting the weary years of waiting, forgetting the toil of the mill, the incessant whirr-whirr of the loom, thinking only of the present, the glorious, thrilling, happy present, in which one man, her constant attendant, stood out conspicuous. Ralph Cartleigh had scored well in this, his latest move. He had spent his money lavishly, not stinting himself or his companions in the least. They occupied rooms in a first-class hotel, and lived in the best style. Ella, in common with most factory girls, was well-dressed; indeed, attired as fashionably as any of her feminine neighbours at table or in the street. As they took part in the North Pier "church parade," or "dress parade," as it might be more , correctly termed, Ralph declared that Ella "was the best-looking woman on the pier—from the dress or any other point of view." • The time passed all too quickly. A week was soon gone, and as the trio returned to smoky Dales- worth on Saturday night, Ella sighed with regret that the happy days were ended. "We can have many more such happy days, dear, if you but will it," whispered Ralph, amorously. He had not unduly pressed his suit during the past week. He had been content to observe the effect produced upon the •girl by his princely liberality. Day by day she had treated him with more affection—yea, more than that, Ralph assured himself; treated him with love. "Love, forsooth !" he said to himself. "Love she will give, and love she wants, and I will give it her—of a sort. I will be the good lover to her until such time as I see fit to throw aside the canting disguise. Love she shall have. I will emulate the true lover to the life, and thus con- found Steve, the valorous Outlander ! " So this mellow September night, as the deepening shadows fell over the land and the railway carriage became darkened, 1,4 e nestled closer to her as she sighed over the departed happy days. "We can have many more such happy days, if you will it, darling," he softly repeated. Widow Rayburn, the only other occupant of the first-class compartment, threw back her head against the soft cushions, and, in a moment, appeared to be sleeping soundly. "Say, Ella, shall all our days be happy ? " and he looked wistfully into the girl's fair face. She did not speak. She was endeavouring to reduce to order the chaotic state of her confused thoughts. Now, for a moment, the present and the past were both uppermost in her mind. Visions of a bright, stalwart, handsome young fellow, full of hope and courage, embarking to a far-off country to win wealth for her, flitted before her mental eye. Before her physical eye was the reality, a young, passionate, good-looking though rakish man, entreating her to give him all that she had promised to the other. This or that? She mentally balanced them. This one abroad who had sworn eternal love to her yet had neglected her; should it be this one, or ' that, the one who now sat by her side of whose true feelings towards her she had some doubts but whose actions and whose manners told their tale? This one or that, which should it be? She had not yet wholly lost faith in Steve though she tried to persuade herself that she had. On the other hand, she had not complete faith in the man beside her though she tried to believe that she had. "Ella, give me your reply, the reply I have been waiting for,so long." His voice roused her from her reverie. She hurriedly tried to determine on which side the scale should fall. It was useless. She was yet undecided. "I cannot give you a reply yet, Ralph. You must wait a little longer." That night as she lay abed reviewing the events of the past week, terminating in the journey home with the man who had so largely contributed to her happiness, Ella felt that she mighf well have given him the favourable reply he so urgently sought, and thus, once for all, have ended her own disquietude. But the morrow, a fair Sabbath morn, brought with it, besides the gleaming, radiant sunshine, a ray of searching light which illuminated the dark ways of the past. As Ella left her home early in the morning she met the postman, a cheery, talkative fellow, who at once accosted her. "Mornin', Mir Ella. Fine, grand, rosy, bonny EVERY WOMAN blushing mornin , just like yourself exceptin' th' blushes. This is South African weather, eh? We Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Boa could do with more like it. All's good 'at comes containing valuable information of how all Irregolaritie, front South Africa, eh ? Here's a letter for you. and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed Eh, these letters! Why, it's knocked all the by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians colour out of your rosy face. Eh, these letters, as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never. 'specially th' love sort I Here it is. There's fails. Thousands of genuine unsolicited Testimonial somethin' good in that, I'll warrant, it's so from all over the Weal P. BLANCHARI Dalston-lace heavy." London.

Therefore, if you are renting a house, select one that is en a street running north and south, and then the sun will purify and vitalise the eastern rooms in the morning and the western rooms in the afternoon. Or, if you have a room to select, give the preference to some other than a northern ex- posure. The sun vitalises whatever it touches. If your drinking water could be sunned befoie using, a good draught of that morning and night would be coming about as near as you could get to drinking liquid light. Some people after drinking sunned water say they can feel its vivifying influence for hours afterwards. In fact,some people with whom ordinary water disagrees, find that they can drink the sunned water with pleasure and benefit. Brea! even, has been Isolated, and its nutritive value greatly enhanced. Colour is always and everywhere the measure of force ; and this is true not only of light as passed through glass mediums, but it is also the key to the potencies of minerals, herbs and fabrics. Almost everybody who has been in the habit of visiting curio shops has seen amber necklaces on sale. The wearing of these is said to give relief in certain affection, but only the student of colours knows whence their virtue is derived. Being of the yellow order, they give forth a mile animating influence to the nerves; and hence tend to overcome sluggish, congested conditions of the system.

Red is Animating.

Red, too,is warming and animating; but its vibra- tions are coarser, and it is more specifically adapted to the blood, upon which it exerts a great quicken- ing power. People with cold extremities ought to know this. Let them wear red stockings, and have their gloves lined with red; and if the nerves are , not too irritable, red underclothing will be It boon to them. But keep red away from the head, which is liable to become overheated; and needs tbe cool- ing, electrical influence of the blue, indigo or violet If you have a lining to your bat, it is an excellent thing to have it of blue, and a deep, dark blue at that—especially during the heated months of the year. These solar elements are not medicines in the sense of chemicals, but they are actual nerve-foods. and are taken up and incorporated into the nervola tissue. Blue-charged water is a marvellous remedy for inflamed, over-active conditions of the system It corresponds to an acid—like lemon juice for ex- ample—only it is a hundred times more refined, penetrating and pervasive. The red, yellow and orange rays, on the contrsry, are of the alkaline order. If mothers only knew it, thousands of babies' lives could be saved from the ravages of summer , complaints by the admini,tration of a little of this blue-charged water; and they could easily prepare it themselves.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Blue.

Of course, a centainer especially made for the purpose is the best, but an ordinary blue bottle bought from the chemist will meet the require- ments. Let the colour be of the deep, dark blue kind, as other blues admit more or less of the red rays, which give just the opposite effect. Fill this bottle with good, clear water, and let it stand in the full sun at least an hour before using. A longer time is better; and keep it standing in tke sun as much as possible while in use. Take a good swal- low or two at a time as a dose, which is equal to a wine-glassful, or two or three tablespoonfuls. A smaller quantity, says our informant, at a time will answer for infants. These solar food-medicines may seem to be too etbereal to produce much effect, but it is not so; and there is a marked difference between the quali- ties of the several rays. For instance, if you use a cork stopper for your blue bottle for charging water, after a little you will find that the cork. where it comes in contact with the water, will be- come quite darkly tinged; but this is not the case with tne cork when used in connection with the amber water. Again, blue-charged water is anti- septic. and will.keep sweat and fit for use for months ; but amber-charged water is not ansiteptic, and becomes infected with vegetable matter in the couroe of ten days or so, so that it should be re- newed every week when in use. Colour and Insanity.

The different rays also have a great influence on tbe nervous system and mentality. Severe cases of insanity have been cured by putting patients in rooms draped and lighted with the appropriate colour. A frenried, violent patient was quickly soothed by being ushered into a blue room; and a case of velancholic insanity was greatly heneated by putting the patient into a red room. Everybody from childhood up has heard about the rousing effect that red has on a bull, and how the Spanish bull-fighters excite their victims to fury by waving red 'cloths before them. The red vibrations, entering through the visual organs, actually do excite the blood in the brain; and in a case of melancholia,this quickening, enlivening influence is just what is wanted. Blue has just th 3 opposite effect, being quieting,sedative. Even a square of glass of the desired colour hung up in your sunny window will have an excellent effect, as the special colour potency given forth through it will permeate your room. some of the good results obtained in this way have been remark- able. Although the solar forces are so refined and exquisite, they are far reaching in their effects When concentrated upon the body by means of reflectors, they cure cancer, consumption, etc., and they are believed to be one of the few things that will eradicate scrofula and leprosy from the system. —Science Sifiinss.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
' . , .. , . _.- - , • . . . . • —_ - -•- . - • ,-1'1.7..----- -4,.., • - :,-,ri, . .......,.......- . , . - - - , ~..,...„, ~,,,,,,,,•-.....-1 -...,.. ~.. • ...Mix, _.,,„,21•10.14Y, 'll‘,--- -' ,',... - . ',.. r., , . JP- _ ;4tc. _.. -•'7/"LIF'...'-13-..7:7 4/Eir,„,..."-.*"'11=1.2 _ P4Plairket : •‘.., ..V.,,,C4",' ''' ;Var. .r•-•-•*' 4,, -''' .. - --....1 ,7-„,;411M,,, ~ ~,,. ra.ei,....7..*:''.10,9,4tir . ~7 ' --... ... tiW",,,!4 .-‘,.. , t Y •Vtilis.t.'“,•l":l4", 14- - --. - s' 139% _ _____l7.ll-1111•112W,..,:J _','''' . ....-I....t•Erk_ ', ' "''' ir --•- " ''' 1 f J:. •

•

egAit

, „

4-10,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Many versions are given of the reason which first in- I duced the Queen to visit Ireland. The one, that the idea was a sudden inaniration, and that it came upon the Royal Family and the Ministers like a thunder bolt seems to be the most popular, hut it is of course all nonsense. Tnere is no doubt that the question of the Queen's visit was discussed at the time when the Duke of Cennaught was appointed to the Command of the Forces, in succession to Lord Roberts. The Duke was anxious for the Queen to visit Ireland, and when the journey to the South of Europe was abandoned, tier Majesty decided to carry out the suggestion, which was , however, known to the Royal Family and several of the Cabinet Menisters,sorne time before the official announce- ment appeared in the papers. It is probable that the IQueen's residence in Ireland will be the commencemeet of more freqeent Royal visits in the future and it is net !unlikely that next year, either the Prince and Prineess of wales, or the Duke and Duchess of York, will reside in Dublin for a few weeks during the season. The It al visit will no doubt induca many people to turn their attention to Ireland as a holiday resort. There is both variety and beauty of seenery,unsurpaiseed anywhere on the Continent, and thanks te the Irish Tourist Ass cistion the best routes end places of inter- est are becomine I etter known. There is also an im- provement in the betele and railway services. thus effer- ine greater inducemerts to the tourist. Is has been chiefly the wens of travellincz fArilities And proper hotel accommsdation that hes kept lrelend back, but, apart from this, there is no reason why the Emerald Isle should not become as popular as Scotland sad Wales, as a holiday centre. Many people have a great ambition to spend their holidays abroad, and they will Put no with all sorts of discomforts to gratify their desire, but they will net put up with the same inconveniences when travelling at borne, and if Ireland is to successfully culti- i vats the British tourist it is mainly a question of ins- proved railway services and hotels. ' There is an unprecedented number of American visi- tors cerning over this Tear mainly for the Paris Exhibi- tion, but many of whom are deeply interested in Ireland and will pay her a visit. Many will also go from this country to Paris, attracted be the Exhibition, but those who reeularly spend a few weeks in Switz•rland or other places, will thia year be kspt at home be the prevailine animosity on the Continent.against the British. Switzer- land owes her prosperity in no small measure to the British tourist, but even in that country every hotel and isoareing-house, is seething with prc-Brer sympathies, and in some places this is so objectionable that visitors from thin country take their meals in rooms specially set apart for them. The further accounts of Sipirin and his insane act of firing at the Prince of Weber. seem to show that it was the outcome of a piece of cafe bravedn, carried nut to win a bet of—five frsrcs. Sipido would apnear to be the silliest of three or four corner bore, or hooligans. as they might be called over here, each derine the other to make an attack upon the Prince. They were no doubt influenced by the anti-British state of the atmosphere in Brussels, hut the detailed accounts divest the eceurreece of anything of the nature of a deep-laid plot. The loca- tion of the bullet marks in the carriage thnuch, show how near it came to a serious and irretrievable result. Though Sipido deserves whatever fate may befall him, it is hanky for him that it tnrned out nn worse than it did. Bela not so old as ewes Edward Oxford, who first attemnted the life of the Queen in 1840, when he was only 17 yeera of age. All the memi-idiota in fact, who have endeavoured to kill the Queen. were more or less youthful. and none have been exeruted. John Francis who made the second attempt in 1842, was sentenced to be harseed,but he ARS little more than a beardless youth, ard the sentence was reduced to transnortation for life. I Deep sympathy will he felt for Mrs. Patrick Campbell, the well-known actress. whee hueband was killed in Lord Metheetos successful engagement with the Boers near Boshof This was the occasion when the French General de Villebeis was killedeand the entire-Bner force captured. Mr. Campbell is referred to by Lord Roberts as Sergessit Patrick Campbell, of the Imperial Yesneanry, and when his company was inspected a few weever ago, by the Prince ot Wales, he was specially con- gratulated by His Royal Highness upon is gallantry and patriotism: Mr. Campbell cams from Stranraer, and was married in 1834. It was not however until some years after, that Mrs. Patrick Campbell csree nut as a professionel actress. She made her first annearanee in this capacity in "The Trumpet Call" in 1890, and has. since then, easily made her way into the front rank of her profession. There will he a large slumber of portrait eanvaases at the forthcoming Royal Academy, and the picture of the year will be Mr. Orcherdson's presentment of four eenerationa of the Royal Family. Mr. Sargent will also exhibit several pictures, his life-s'ze group of Lady Elcho Mrs. Tennant, and Mrs. Adeene, being considered a masterpiece in portraiture. Mr. Orchardarm has been at work for over two yrs. on his picture, which is a large one, and represents the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York, end little Prince Edward. The scents is the corridor in Windsor Casitle, and the painter had three or four sittings from flee Majesty, and several from the other members of the group. The view is so arranged to take in a likeness of the Duke of Kent, so that it re- calls five generations, of the Royal Fenally. The ereup• lug and general effect is easy and natural. while tee portraits are excellent, that of the Prince of Wales being pethans the nearest to reality. Tucks are in ereater favour than over before. Our skirts are tucked, our bleuses are tucked, our spring coats are tucked, and tucked fabrics are in considerable evidence on all up-to-date millinery. The fashionable petticoat too is tucked in straight lines, from the waist to the knees, where it is allowed to flow out in the manner approved at the moment. The very high collars have disappeared ,these of much more modest dimensions having taken their place on spring crats and capes. Undoubtedly however, the "storm"collar has been less worn during the past winter than formerly, which would seem to paint to the con- clusion that we are becoming more sensible in this direction. Regarding colours, a new one, ra'er and more delicate than grecs, and deeper than cream, has made its appear- once, and bids fair to enjoy a wide voeue. It is soft and ethereal-lnoking,and one great advantage it poasesses is. that it can always be relieved by toeches of any vivid colour.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_19000412_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

-- - - A meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee was held in the National Schools on Thursday last week. There were present Messrs. Mason(in the chair),l'earson, Clarke, Whitley, Mc Intyre.Fairhurst, G Ashton (clerk), Swinton (surveyor), and Farrington (nuisance inspector.)

PRIVATE STRBET WORKS ACT. The Clerk reported that the Rural District Council had appointed Mr. Robert Garnett of Wildersco)l as sur- veyor to put in force the Private Streets Works Act in the streets recommended by the committee, viz.,Gaskell Street, 133 stock Street, and Leonard Street. He would act as surveyor to the Council for the work. The property owners, of course, would pay for his services in the same way as for the making of the streets. After they were made they became the property of the Rural District Council and they would have to keep them in order.

THS NIIMENIIING OF ROUSES. The Clerk said that at the last meeting he was in structed'to find eut how the numbering .4 house's was nroceededwith at the last date that the eel:m.llWe° did till, work. He found that in 1895 a committee was appointed to ascertain the number of houses in the streets and carry out the work. They aprarerl to have got the numbers from Messrs. Caldwell'. Limited, and Mr Frank Warburton bad done the work for them. The numbers cost £ll 23 Od, and the work a 23 71. It was the duty of the occupierc to number the houses accord- ing to section 65 of the Towns Improvement Clause Act. The Inspector was in*tructed to report on the number of houses requiring numbering. This was all the businetKof public interest.

ALL COUNTRY PEOPLE should real The Rural World id. weekly, which contains articles or noses, Cattle, thie Dairy, Poultry, Bees, Rabbits, Pigs, Gardening, Natural History, Botany or the Farm and Garden, the Home, Foreign and Colonial Intelligence. Anwers to oorrespondents,Xto. It is profusely illustrated and is altogether. a most interest fag and instructive farming and country paper. A good medium for servants requiring situations. The Manager offers to send a specimen free. The address is 110 and 114, STRAND. London, W.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE .EXAMINER, THURSDAY, APRIL 12 1900

(Copyright.)

STEVE, THE OUTLANDER.

BY ARTHUR LAYCOCK, Author of "The Young Gaffer," "Seaside

Sketches," "Lancashire Sketches," &c.

Ella took the letter, murmuring tier tnanKs. "That's one I've brought you every month sine, February."

he started and gasped slightly. "That's—let's see, one every month for March, April, May, June, Joly, August, September—seven of 'em. I shall expect a Christmas-box at th' year end if I continue to brim). 'em at this rate," and laughing heartily the letter-carrier bustled off. Ella stood for a moment as one transfixed. The words just spoken cut into her heart and stayed its wild beating. Her face changed colour alternately from white to red, and the e'hand that held the letter ,trembled nervously. She turned with the intention of returning home, but had not gone many paces before she changed her mind, and, walking quickly, she hurried along the field path. "A letter from Steve?" she exclaimed, glancing at the familiar handwriting and tearing open the 'welepe. "And he has sent one every month, and the postman has brought it, but I've never received it. 0 mother! mother!" she cried, aloud, as the thought of her parent's culpability dawned upon her. "What have you done? What have you done ?"

She buried her face in her hands and sobbed bitterly, the hot tears falling on the letter she tightly clutched. "0 mother, what have you done! And what have I done, too! 0 Steve Steve! I have wronged you, I have wronged you!" "Unable to control her grief she hastened home- ward. The glory of the morn, the fair blue sky, the green grass at her feet were not seen by her. Her eyes were blinded with tears, black sorrow was at her heart and she was nigh unto distraction. Her appearance in the cottage in this distressed state astonished her mother greatly.

"Why, whatever's to do, lass, whatever's to do?" she cried as Ella fell into a chair and burst into loud lamentation. For reply the letter was thrown on to the table. "What's it mean? What's to do? What's this ? " cried Mrs. Rayburn in a breath. "Is some'dy dead, or what ? " She put on her spectacles and scanned the writing. Then the letter dropped to the floor from her nerveless hand. But quickly she recovered her composure. At first sight of Steve's letter she became much alarmed. Her guilty conscience told her there was trouble in store for her. But Widow Rayburn was not easily dismayed. She would brave it out.

"What does it mean, lass? What does it mean? Is Steve dead, or what ? "

"No, I don't know," sobbed the girl. "Oh, I wish I were dead! 0 mother, what have you done—what have you done ? " "What have I done ? " repeated Mrs. Rayburn, unembarrassed. "I've clone nowt serious as I know of. What do you think I've done?" . __

"Where are he letters that Steve has sent to me these past three months ? " "Where are they? I don't know. At least I- Who's bin tellin you owt about 'em?

"Jim, the postman," answered Ella, still weep- ing. "I met him just now and he says that he has brought letters here from South Africa every month. What have you done with them ? " "Well, I cannot hardly say," said Widow Rayburn, slightly ruffled at being thus cornered. "They've got put o' one side an' lost p'raps, an' getten burnt, an'—" "0 mother!" cried the girl, in sorrowful reproof. "How could you—how could you do it ? " "How could I? " exclaimed the mother, raising her voice in self-justification. "How could I, you ask? Because I'm a mother I could do it, that's why. Because I'd protect my dowter (daughter) against hersel'. Because I think so well of my dowter that I wouldn't see her throw herself away on a penniless gallivanter. That explains how I could do it, lass, an' if th' chance come I'd do it again." "You've no occasion to upbraid me," she con- tinued after pausing for breath. "I've done what I have done to benefit you. If you won't" do th' best for yoursel', I'll do it for you. How would you have been likely to have had that grand outin' to Blackpoo' if you'd bin thinkin' of Steve Hart an' had his big hopes an' promises in your mind? You wouldn't have gone to Blackpoo', I reckon?"

, "I certainly should not have gone," Ella answered, decisively. "Don't mention that matter to me again, mother, Oh, it is dreadful to think of now I"

"Aye, now," pitilessly sneered the parent. "Now when a letter comes from Afriky it's all altered. What were a grand, glorious outin', full of enjoyment, as you said it was—for I heard all , your talk in th' train, though I did pretend to be asleep—that grand, happy outin' is become a miserable thing to remember. I've no patience with you, Ella I You don't know your own mind two minutes together." The widow continued to rattle away as was her wont, but Ella heeded not her words. She had opened the letter and was now devouring its contents. Good fortune was mice again attend- ing Steve. Everything he touched prospered. Johannesburg, though not as flourishing as formerly, was in a fairly satisfactory state. Outlander grievances had not yet been settled, and there was still much disaffection and uneasiness; but, never- theless, work was going on and money was being made by a few fortunate individuals, amongst whom Steve included himself. He had been appointed chief storekeeper at the May Gold Mine at a hand- some salary. He sent twenty pounds in notes for Ella's holiday-money—" Wakes brass," he termed it. In a short time he would have many twenties to spare, then he would tell Ella of his plans for the future. The sight of crisp bank-notes had a most soothing effect on Widow Rayburn. These bits

of pape'r were as oil on troubled waters. "Oh, these are somethin' like," she said, taking up one of the notes and handling it affectionately. "If th' lad can manage to send-a two-three of these sort o' letters I shall have no objection to takin' 'em in an' lettin' you see 'em. He's doin' well, seemin'ly." Ella read the letter, and as she finished her mother came towards her with a tear in her eye, and in quavering voice said: "You'll forgive me, Ella, if I've done owt wrong? I did it all as I thought for th' best. I want you to come out right, that's all, as who you wed. Steve's not a bad sort, seemin'ly, an' p'raps after all, he'd make you th' best husband. You must please yoursel' which one you choose. Which- ever it is it'll be right for me, an' if it's Steve an' he wants you to go over yon, as I expect he -,411 do, well, you can go an' I'll not stand in th' way. I can go live with Aunt Emily for a time." "I don't think there'll be any need for that yet, mother," said Ella. "Steve doesn't say that he wants me to go to Africa, though to be sure he half hints that he may do later." "Well, any road will be right for me if you make a good match." Widow Rayburn, of course, could not refrain from making known their good fortune. Within a few days most of the neighbours had seen the precious notes sent by Steve; a few had even handled them. At Fernleigh Mill everyone had heard of them. Gossiping Ben, encountering the young manager, told him the news. "Yes, twenty pounds, he's sent in good, genuine crinklin' notes. If Steve isn't shovellin' gowd up, he's gotten' hold o' th' pappers 'at are worth as much. If that's bein' a oppressed Outlander,' I think I'll go an' be one. I could stand a rare lot of that sort of oppression. It would take a good many twenty pounds to oppress me. By gow But he must have getten' a better game on now nor shootin' an' puncin' th' Boers. He must have bin born' for gowd, eh? He'll be getten' too rich an' too proud soon to wear clogs, an' then he'll be lettin' some'dy else do th' Boer puncin' an' shootin' for him. Noan many fighters among th' twenty-pound nobs; they generally let th' twenty-bob a week chaps do that sort o' wark." "When did the letter come, Ben ? " asked "Q.a.lnh Cartleigh. th' beginnin' o' th' week, I under- starld ; but I cannot tell to a day. Ella will not say owt about it, but her mother makes up for't ; she's as good as a bellman. You can get owt out of her if you only go th' right road about it. Women is curious cattle, sometimes. They're in one mood one minute, an' another mood th' next, an' they're as fickle an' changeable as th' weather. I know !" Ralph Cartleigh had arrived at the same con- clusion concerning womankind in general, but re- garding one individual in particular. "I know how that letter will affect the fickle jade," he said to himself. "She will swear allegiance to Steve the Outlander now, and endeavour to throw me overboard, Curse it! And just when I felt certain of her. Ah, well, we shall see. This is only the beginning of the second act in our stirring melodrama, 'Steve, the Out- lander.' The villain will, yet come out triumphant." "When you've any particular news at any time, Ben, you can let me have it," he said to the ware- houseman who had been standing by intently vegardine him.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XV.

There was no need for Ella Rayburn to throw out bait, as suggested by her mother, to catch Ralph Cartleigh. He came uninvited to pay his attentions to the girl. Every week, now, he visited her at her home. Mrs. Rayburn gave him much encouragement, but for a time her daughter's attitude towards him was not altogether cordial. But the cunning Ralph knew how best to proceed to win his way. Ile had time and opportunity now to scheme and plan; he was not troubled much with other distracting affairs. Barrett had been finally and opportunely disposed of. Henry's money had come just in time to avert a catastrophe. At home, as at the mill, Ralph's conduct had been unimpeachable, so he assured himself. For a time he had given up gambling, given up excessive drinking, given up, too, the society of "lady friends" at Oldham and Manchester. Under these circumstances, he was better enabled to devote his whole thought and attention to the complete ensnarement of the object of his voluptuous desires. Ella- Rayburn must be won. He would win her! Fortunately for his purpose, Mrs. Rayburn con- tinued to successfully intercept the letters that came from South Africa. As Ella received no tidings from Stephen Hart, her feelings towards him under- went a gradual change. He was neglecting her. Perhaps, as her mother said, he had grown quite indifferent to her, was thinking only of himself and his affairs. From, Ben she had heard - that Transvaal affairs were becoming more settled again, business was brisker, and mines were being worked

once more.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
"All reet, Mestur Ralph," the sly fellow replied. "I understand. I've bin young mysel'," and bestowing a meaning wink on his superior, he waddled off, communing with himself on the matter. "If I can reckon th' business up Mestur Ralph's determined to have Ella Rayburn either by hook or crook. By crook, I should say, mysel, ' for Mestur Ralph's ways will not be over-straight if he's any opposition to meet. An' in Steve Hart he'll have a man to deal with, but th' worst on 't he's thousands o' miles away while Mestur Ralph's here on th' spot tryin' to catch th' lass at every turn. I can see he's on for havin' her. I saw th' look in his ee (eye) that night I met him an' her near Woodhouses, an' there were no mistakin' it. An' last week at Blackpoo' as I saw 'em whirlin' round an' dancing' in th' Tower ballroom I saw th' same look in his ee again. He's got both een on Ella Rayburn, an' he's near her every day, an' that counts for more nor all th' letters an twenty-pound notes in th' world 'at may be sent from Afriky. If I were Steve Po take a week-end ticket for England an' come o'er an' see how his lass, is gettin' on, or belike he'll find she's getten' off if he comes back too late. Absence makes th' heart grow fonder,' but as th' cynic said, 'fonder of the other fellow' ; an' I dare bet ten to one 'at t'other fellow, Ralph Cartleigh, will win th' lass."

As Ben saw the young manager conversing with Ella several times later, his opinion was strengthened. "He's gettin' there with both feet," he re- marked, "I can see th' lass flushin' an' blushin.' all th' time he's talkin' to her, an' you can bet owt 'at when a lass does that ruddy work she thinks a great deal 'o' th' chap 'at causes her to blush so. Eh, dear, dear, these wimmen, these wimmen To think 'at a lass will allow a chap to wheedle an' bamboozle her. to that extent is extryordinary. But wimmen are built that way, an we mus'nt find fault with th' Builder, though we feel sometimes 'at we'd like to alter th' plans 'at they're built on. If Ella goes on at this rate long, encouragin' our master's son—well, she'll either be Mrs. Ralph Cartleigh or else become another of th' broken strings to his long bow." To others, beside the warehouseman, Ella appeared to be coming more and more under Ralph Cartleigh's influence. Truth to tell, the girl was in a quandary. She desired now to be true to Steve; at the same time, also, she wanted to bz friendly with Ralph. She remembered the latter's many kindnesses. The Wakes holidays, presents of jewellery; his valour, too, in rescuing her nearly twelve months ago she recollected with gratitude. Try as she would she could not be distant or cold with him.

Cartleigh visited her frequently now, both at her work and in her home. As Christmas again drew nigh he ventured to propose that Ella should accompany him to a fashionable ball at Oldham, on Boxing Night. "Just as a friend," he said. "I cannot, I suppose, regard you as more than a friend yet." Ella would not then promise, but as the time drew nigh and a handsome gold necklet was sent to her by "A Friend," she decided to accede to his request. In the short interval intervening she busied herself in making preparations for the great event, and procured a fashionable ball dress and costly opera cloak. The greater portion of Steve's twenty pounds was expended on these latter. "Just for this once," said Ella, in self excuse, "I'll never go with Ralph any more. This I shall consider will amply repay him for all that he has done for me."

===== 0002601_19000412_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVI.

The Oldham ball was a most fashionable affair. The elite of Cottontown and neighbourhood were present in considerable numbers. Ella, who had never previously attended such a society function, was somewhat overawed by the glamour and glitter of the magnificent scene as it first appeared to her astonished eyes. The superbly decorated hall, the glare and glitter of electric light, the shim- mering dresses of gaily-dressed women, the stylishly attired men, many in uniforms, all made up a picture which impressed her profoundly. Here were mayors, aldermen, justices of the peace and other notabilities whom she regarded with awe almost; people of superior clay to her humble class.

For a weaver lass to mingle with this fashionable throng seemed sacrilege. It was with the greatest difficulty that Ralph Cartleigh prevailed upon her to take part in the dancing. But once she was gliding over the beautifully polished floor, with Cartleigh's right arm clasped tightly about her slim waist, revelling in the flow of the waltz and the nicely modulated music of the band, she became herself again— natural, and at ease. Her partner gladly noted her evident enjoyment. Surely after this night's delight she would become subservient to him. Until the early hours of the morning the dancing went merrily on. By this time Ella had become weary and jaded. She was thankful that no mill work awaited her for a few days.

Cartleigh led her for the third time to the refreshment buffet, and ordered wine for her and spirits for himself. He had already partaken of too much liquor, and was in a half-maudlin state, though his speech was still coherent. "Thanks, I prefer coffee," said Ella; as the wine was placed before her.

"Oh, no, you musn't have such watery slops," said Cartleigh, taking the glass from the waiter who was about to bear it away. Observing her companion's condition and not desiring to do any- thing that would attract attention from the people in their vicinity, Ella sipped the wine, and im- mediately a dazed feeling came upon her. It was but momentary, and, as Cartleigh chaffed her, she drained the glass. "Another ? " he said.

she replied, "no more, thanks. I'm feeling dizzy again; no more." But another glass of wine was brought, and Cartleigh insisted upon her drinking it. Realising her danger, Ella glanced timidly about her. Seated at the tables near at hand were groups of ladies and gentlemen conversing together quietly. If she expostulated with her companion these people would overhear all. They would be shocked. She must submit. - -

Cartleigh leant back rakishly in his chair, and fixed his bleary, mischievous eyes .upon her. "Come, drink up, my girl; drink up 1" he hiccoughed. Her hand trembled as she raised the glass to her lips and sipped a little of the wine. "Why, you're toddy, my girl, toddy," Cartleigh said with a wicked smile, as he noted the girl's helpless plight. "S'cuse me, Ella, but we'd best be getting home." She rose to her feet unsteadily, and, as a mist rose before her eyes, grasped at her chair for support. Her partner caught her bare arm, And led her away, and when Ella woke to conscious- ness she was being whirled through the paved streets in a cab. Cartleigh was seated opposite, leaning forward with his' evil face almost touching hers, and his hands holding the opera cloak about her bare shoulders.

"Oh, you've wakened up at last, have you?" he observed, in a jeering tone; and in the dinklight of the carriage lamp Ella noted with alarm the vicious look on his drunken face.

"Are we nearly home ? " she asked, appre- hensively. s. "I dunno, my dear, I dunno. It depends on what you call home." The cab was now bowling quickly along a macadam road and ran more quickly than on the stone setts. _ _

"Where are we ? " cried Ella, peering out of the window. • _ _ _

"I dunno, I'm sure," the drunken fellow answered. "Lost my geography of this part. Don't think we are near South Africa, though, or dreary Dalesworth." He chuckled mischievously as he said this.

"We're not going home Stop, driver! Stop) r. Ella shouted, rising excitedly to her feet. SU had seen hedgerows and trees by the wayside. They were in a country lane. The road to Dalesworth was along the treeless highway. "Stop, driver! Stop ! " ,she cried, imperatively. The driver heeded not her cries. "Sit down, my dear, sit down," Cartleigh said, roughly pushing her back on to the seat. "You're all right if you'll keep quiet." The girl struggled desperately to free herself. "Now be quiet. You're all right with me, my dear, aren't you ? " He caught her round the waist and, holding her firmly in the corner of the carriage, kissed her passionately. A loud shriek, shrill and penetrating, caused thp,3 driver to stop his vehicle suddenly. "Drive on, you fool 1" roared Cartleigh, as ths man opened the door. "Not with that row going on, guv'nor," thl man growled, as he stared at the struggling girl. "Help me, oh, help me !" cried Ella beseechingly. - _ _

tt up ana arive on, you idiot!" said Cart; leigh. "Do you want to get us both into trouble ? Hearing voices up the lane and fearing that if they were discovered the consequences might be serious to himself, the driver mounted the box aud drove quickly onward.

"Now be quiet, will you?" said the profligatø. releasing the girl unwillingly. "If you object to me kissing you, it's all right. I'm not going tg hurt you, not likely. Drive round by Adderton, he shouted to the driver. "We're going home nOirs Miss Rayburn. Will that suit you ? " The distracted girl was sobbing piteously. "Come, there's no need for snivelling. There'll nothing wrong done. I thought we'd have a roundabout drive to give you time to sober IoP before you got home, that was all. You'd had a drop too much, you know; so, perhaps, had I. Come, now, dry up and let's be friends." a . But Ell?, refused to be pacified. For the rest or the journey she remained obdurate to her cow" panion's advances and when her home was reached she left him without even a parting word.

(To be continued.)

SHE FOUND OUT THE SECRET.

"Doctor," said a London lady to a famous physician. "can you tell me what causes these headaches of mine? They have been sending me to bed for two days a week for the last year and a half, and I can't stand it non& longer. 01), yea; I have taken everything—narcotics. hypnotics, nerve-foods, stimulants, and so on, until I so sick and disgusted ..with the lot of thcm. Ther stupefy me, but they don't stop the headaches, which pursue me like an enemy with murder in his heart. When the pain is gone at last, I am too tired and weak to do a thing, and a day or so later lam sure to halin another attack. Now if you can cure this trouble, so it will stay cured, you will earn every penny of your fee, whatever it is, and my lifelong gratitude besides." In his slow, gentle voice the great medical man asked his patient many qeestions—short and simple the were, and easy to answer—and then laid his soft white finger tips on the artery at her left wrist : but not Li word of comment did 'Lie utter.

" Man," he said finally," I am going to do solve th)ng unprofessional ; I am gOng to ask you to use $ medicine not compoendod or suggested by me or by an! other doctor. I do this because of the singular and won- derful way in which I first came to know of I hand it to you in a plain emulated bottle. The directions I have copied frarn the printed label and pasted theta on. The coo: etituents of this preparation I know only in part, Ye' I may confidently assure you it is harmless. You see I am giving you a very large bottle. Try it for two months and then call or write me. No, no ; thanks, but I'll accept no money now. Write, as I have requested. Good day, good day."

, Two months later the great doctor hoard from big patient. " had a vestige of Imdache for weeks," she said, " and believe I am permanently rid of it. 1 have accidentally found out what you gave moo but will never mention it in assopiation w th your nanae• I enclose note for £lOO. If you cannot conscientiously keep the money please turn it into any charity. I shall refuse to accept it back." The above is the record of an actual eocurrenee, and the names of the parties to it are in our possession. We have no authority to make them public, but there is vo reason why we should not say that the triumphant remedy was Mother Seigel's Syrup.

Any of fifty things may produce headache, but the chief cause—as in the above case—is indigestion, cot' blued with liver and kidney complaints.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTER CUSTOMS AND SUPERSTITIONS.

"Easter Customs and Superstitions at Home and Abroad "forms toe subject of a special article ja "The Quiver" for April, though unfortunately tlae writer has to record that most of the quaint 01a English customs are fast dying out. With the spread of education and of opportunities for travel. says the writer, popular customs in England have but a small chance of survival. Yet it is almost ion possible to say with any reasonable chance 01 accuracy if one has or has not died completely out from amongst us. In some little dip in the hills, i 0 some neglected village in the plains, it may survile in a little altered form. Take,forinstaneo,the practice of" lifting "on Easter Monday and Tuesday, which was formerly well known in the North of England. It was performed by two lusty men joining hand' ' across each other's wrists, and then having mede the person to be heaved up sit upon their arms,thei lifted him up three times into the air. This custoel had, undoubtedly, originally been intended signify the joy of the people at the Resurrection 0 our Lord. Again, the playing of football on Easter Monday was a recognised sport. The game played required no practice or pnorious knowledge of the rules. It was usually somewhat of the nature of free but friendly fight between two villages,and the Igame was ended by one party carrying the ball 1)4 sheer force to the goal of their opponents, which might be separated from their own by a mile 0! more. But football is no longer such a rough-an ready pastime, nor is it confined to one day in the year 1 "The Sussex Daily News" of June jOthf 1895, published details of a curisus Easter custoes, that still existed in Caistor Church. The vicar lieh' certain glebe on condition that if the young Me° of the parish could catch a hare on Easter Mondel and bring it to him before ten of the clock, he vrift bound, in his turn, to present them with a calr'' head and 100 eggs for breakfast, and fourpence i° money. The motive that prompted so extreerdie; ary a bequest it is difficult to imagine. At preset% it would seem that it put a premium upon the gen.lo art of the poacher. It is Baid that in some per'„ of this country there still exists the strange sup.% stition that bread baked on Good Friday, and care.; fully preserved by a family, may be used wheP crumbled into water as a remedy for many ailmento' The day of the "hot cross bun" has, however' nearly departed. A couple of generations ago there was scarce a village of any size in England, where on a Gcod Friday, the cry would not have bee° raised of:

"One a penny, two a penny, Iwo a penny buns, One a penny, twe a penny • Hot cross buns." But at present the words of the old-time dogg-rei . verse are almost forgotten, or so it would see% certain is it that the nursery knows it no longer 8 one of its regular ditties.

THE POLYPHON.

6 THIS MARVELLOUSMUSIO-A 4 INSTRUMENT will .FLAY ITSELF— Olockwork—U-')ussllto or Tunes. You can chooBo yO own tunes. Prices from 12s. 6d. to '65 Also GRAMOPHONES atul PHONOGRAPHF. —Talking machines from 425.

ARCBER & SONS 4 St. GEORGi,'S CRESCPI, (top of Lord-street), LivEßroo

_ j41.1*. 1 44 -4,,,,,Amvt!irlzilr- -17--g.4...-±l--Ati, 410.1.....,....„.....1 4,-.' i

===== 0002601_19000412_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
• PI,

and no DE E 18 I d that.), Joy that or nonnoe ,San ate lon't 1

AN kis hoi bre m t3n liotat(

\VI] before ri 4: AN 1 mangi", T %lags y nise h

14A.1 'The fi rye k live to go Cat

===== 0002601_19000412_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-._ -,a__

===== 0002601_19000412_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
•

- PLEAS,4NT PARAGRAPHS.

WHAT is it we all frequently say we will de, %nd no one has ever yet done Y—Stop a minute. _DE SAPPIE : "I believe my dog knows as much " I do." She: "I've seen smarter dogs than that," J4lnt IsT ONE HOUSEHOLD.—" We've got a dolly mat cries " was the way a little four-year-old an- nounced the arrival of a baby-sister. Sun (on the bicycle) : "I'm so afraid I'll fall" 'Oh, well, it's an old wheel, anyway, and I lon't believe you'll hurt it much." " SEEN my boy Tommy anyw'ere, Mrs. Rook?" Well, no, I hain't seen-'im, but there's a fight at Ihe other end of the street." ,Als Aberdeen landlord raised the rent of one of houses because the walls bulged out, and there- fore made the house larger. Rkit TURN Now. —Jones.: "Green has married type-writer." Brown : "Yes. He used to testate to her; now, poor chap, she dictates to WIFE—" What makes you so determined to go ;0 Klondike ? A week ago you were very much against it." Husband—" But the baby wasn't ieething then. LORDSHIP (after a heated discussion) : What do you suppose I'm on the bench for.?" • ofnart 3, Counsel Ahs my Lord, you have me there 1 _ I. TRH COUNT : " Ah, meez, you climb ze Matter- .eora Zat was a foot to be proud of." She: ,"Pardon me, count, but you mean feat.'" The \iennt "Oh, you climb it more mu once?" L *WILLIE "You'll have to wait a moment :Afore you go into the parlour." Featherstone: LA Anyone else there ?" "Only sister. She's "anging up some mistletoe over the sofa." • Tune tell me, Grimly, that your daughter 13:tags with great expression." "-Greatest expres- ITa you ever saw. Her OWB mother can't recoge alse her face when she's singing at her best." LANDLADY (anticipating complault) : yes, sir. fire is a bit low just now, but, I assure you, 45-Ire kept it in all the day. LODGER (shivering): •uave you? Ah ! I thought it looked as ifitwanted t"go out! CRIMSONBEAK—".IIere's one strange thing I've toticed." Yeast—" And what's that ?" Crimson- beak—" Why, a boy is christened with water and asterwards takes to wine, while a ship is christened 'with wine and afterwards takes to water." SCOTCHMAN met with a slight railway accident *ben travelling with his wife. Remembering the advantage of double compensation he had the 4 'Presence of mind, as he afterwards confessed, to §ie her a gude bash on the head'!" tax the infant department of a London Board- -Lel:11°1s Johnnie, a boy of seven, was asked, "What .7 'le Principal product of the island Cuba.?" "1 eiceet L now, miss." " What ! Don't you know em lugar comes from?" "Yes, miss; we bor- sews it from the woman next door." TUE POINT OF VlEW.—Tourist—" What's the liable of that noble mountain?" Native—" Dunne en" ite got an We call it 'th' mountain." •4'ourist—" No name for that grand eminence?" liatiee_sg Wot's the use of it's havin' a name'? 4V, the only mountain here. thMoTuen—" Johnny, I see your little brother has e smaller apple. Did you give him his choice, '11.3 I Suggested?" Johnny—" Yes'm. I told him sie could have his choice, the little one or none, and ue took the litte one. AFTER INFORMATION.—Mr Jimpson (severely).— Tomes y never let me hear you use the word s again. Always say throw" Tommy wmpson : "Yes paw. And did David really put a One in his 'throw' and kill Goliar " you think that marriage is a failure, Mr ▪ in?" said Miss Elder, to a young man, whom este knew to be engaged. "I haven't got that far Yet," ems the frank reply, "but Fm pretty well -convinced that courtship is bankruptcy." Trul NEW SCHOOLBOY.—A teacher instructed er scholars to draw any figure they could, using Y three straight lines. A boy accordingly made taree short straight lines. •" That is not a figure," teEtiel the teacher. "Yes, it is !" retorted the boy. " What figure p, "A hundred and 'leven," was the response. 3,l:GlabaT MOTH CUM.—Mrs. Brown: John, I a:" you to buy me some tobacco to put under the eortete• They say its the best thing in the world •box ellP moths out." Mr. Brown.: "Here's that that!„.;` e,i,g,ars You gave me last Christmas. I think --"" UM even more effective than tobacco." Morning ,_.e.:iot er said--" Rid of four years was wry cross one 11r Ith rat breakfast and would not eat her egg. feirfolusl Jeannie, when I was a little 111,r got eggs." Jeannie replied, quite 7 Ah, well, mother, you should be very Riad you get them now." A -mann landed proprietor was taking a drive With his daughter and his intended son-in-law for the purpose of showing the latter round the -estate. The coachman drove at a smart pace. "John," whispered his master in his ear, "don't drive so fast, the estate will look so small." HE had taken his punishment like a little man, and for some time afterward had been buried in ;thought. "Mamma," he said finally. "Well, Villie?" "Do you really spank me because you aove me so .much ?" " That's the reason I punish Yaus Willie. "And don't you love papa at all?" HOTEL MANAGER (to departing guest) : "1 • 'trust you have been comfortable, sir ! " Guest,: 4' Ohi yes'!" Manager: "And that everything asas been cooked to your likng." Guest: " Yese eall but the bill. I should have preferred that boiled down a bit more." • LORD HOUGETON'S sister was often annoyed at Iser brother's indiscriminate hospitality. "Do you l'ernember, my dear," he asked her at dinner one 4aYs " whether that famous soundrel X was hanged °raequitted ?" "He must have been hanged, or Jatl would have had him to dinner long ago," teplied the lady. AN architect visited a house to test a drain. On rrives g there he found that he had forgotten to Zring 'his phial of ether with which to make the ."43t• Re therefore telegraphed to his partner, Send ether at once 4n a cab to 50, King's Road." thle Partner was out and one of the clerks opened Ztr,telegram. "Send Ethel at once in a cab -.7, King's Road," was the revised version. v:S:BVTLIN4 THE Quacie.—A north country farmer's bf`le, noted for her shrewdness, was one day feeding er ducks, when there strode up to her a travelling 1118ek, who launched into a discourse upon the CaY ailments that afflict humanity, and the won- Cures he had made. He had not, however, Much when the lady heterrupted him with— ; m 1.3t0p, stop, my man ; I' attendin' some o' yer eather already, sae just wait yer turn." t °Use:toss-Ty hsers.—A leading lady at a West- , '. nd theatre complained to the manager that her frob-room was 4ressine en cold that she was nearly re zen to death. "I am sorry, my dear," he "I am glad you told me, though. I like lehlake my people happy. Your room is too e1,,e,"•--elo Now I tel you what, my dear, we • eel", save a thermometer put in your room at euea. 4' a mystery to me," said the dyspeptic, de‘aat so many men secceed in committing mar- e-re vsithout being di e-overed." "You don't re- it as a personal grievance, do you '.," inquired hr Wife, with sarcasm. "No ' • but I can't help • '4 reminded of how the whole neighbourhood irt excited and knew all the details before the next aell 'me time when 1 forgot it was Sunday morning -`4 went fishing." '43• COUNTRY laird, riding in an unfrequented part tho2otland, came to the edge of a morass which he asCalit was not quite safe. Hailing a peasant eva:LWas standing by, he asked him "if the bog rese'ard at the bottom." "Oh, ay, quite hard," ilop....Onsled the ma-i. The laird passed on, but his ral7,h7gan to sink with alarming rapidity. "You ie se-a' —to the grinning native. "You told me zo-as hard at the bottom." "So it is; but you're i!st the bottom yet!" toeltaano UP TIME.—A clergyman, who had a by h' was slightly taken down on one occasion ,"18 Ploughman, who was sitting on his plough eriste wheat field. The reverend gentleman said, 'with Wheat seriousness: "John, wouldn't it be a re▪ rd plan for you to have a pair of pruning-shears evhp and be cutting a few bushes along the fence essitr the horses are resting a short time?" John, Ili: quite as serious a countenance as the divine aetlfs Said: "Yes, sir; and wouldn't it be well, aild:°r You to have a tub of potatoes in the pulpit, be While they were singing, to peel 'em awhile to 1-eace-,___lyless pot?"

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
rkt

•

ZRZAKFAST AN

G AT' :7 !

Forrr ; 'D SUPPER.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DREAM OF A WARRING-

TON lAN."

[By Arthur Bennett.l Councillor Bennett has been dreaming again, and unlike most dreamers he has been sole to fix his dream and relate the whole of it, substance and detail, under the above title. As a dreamer Mr. Bennett possesses some local notoriety, and as an author too, he is not without tame in his native town. W hetherit is.as an author or dreamer we are to treat him in this latest production of his is a question which puzzles us not a little—so much so in fact that we have dech?led to ignore the point and deal solely with what we read in the 250 pages he has writteu. In a brief preface Mr Bennett says "the history of Warrington has never yet been fully and consecutively told Yet it positively teems with interest., and through it move, in shauowy succession, many of the great- est figures of the past. To weave the broken inc'- dents into one continuous story; to seek to make 'the dry bones live';and to endeavour to bring home to its increasing multitude of citizens some real sense of all they owe to the old town of love and service is the object of the present volume." The dream commences in this way. The author wanders out to Wilderspool with our local aschae- ologist, Mr. Thomas May, and together they speculate among the remains of the old Roman Camp lying between Greenall's Avenue and the Ship Canal. They talk together of the dim historic past, and as they talk Mr. Bennett rather inconsiderately relapses tnto unconsciousnese, for "the Brewery became enveloped in a silver haze, the houses close at hand in slew succession faded from my view I lost all traces of the great canal;; and over the good old town' I knew and loved so well there seemed to creep an ever darken- ing canopy which concealed it from my sight." Mr. Bennett's dream had commenced. Lie sees the country side as it was nearly eighteen-hundred years ago when the Romans ruled the land. Tbe old camp takes form again, its garrison springs into life, and Mr. May gives place to a Roman general with whom the dreamer has an interesting conver- sation anent Boadicea, Agricola, and other worthies of this bye-gone age. Again the scene changes and we are transmitted in thought to a Norman etronghold in the neighbourhood of Howley, and so on through the cycle of centuries the author dreams his way, seeing Warrington grow from a hamlet to the town of importance it is now. The battles of the Cromwellian period, and other con- flicts, are described with the reality and pic- turesqueness of a correspondent at the front —fact, of course, being strictly adhered to. "I watched the Duke of Monmouth riding over Stoaken Heath (1682) where many of the good folk of the neighbourhood had flocked to meet him ; and later still I gazed with awe upon the Black Judge Jeffreys (whose mother was,l found, a sister of tbe second Sir Thomas Ireland) as be held his court at Bewsey Hall I stood at Market Gate and watched Lord Derwentwater, after the defeat of Preston (1715) ride, a prisoner,through the town on a white horse; . . •. . . and ere the curtain -finally descended on the tragic drama of the civil war, I saw two hundred )ebels who had come to re- connoitre, and contrived to cross the ford, surprised and captured by the gallant " Blues" from Liver- pool, who crowned their services by pulling down the central arches of the Bri go to bar 'Prince Charli6V progress." During Warrington's period of fame as "The Athens ot England" Mr. Bennett sees the Academy in its prime and gazes with aweand ad- miration on Dr. Taylor, John Bolt, Dr. Aikin, Mrs. Barbauld, Dr. Priestley, William Eyres, and other famous men and women who were connected with Warrington's literary and scientific past. And thus On to Warrington of to-day—" the town of many industries." A more interesting chronicle of the town's history could not be imagined. Mr. Bennett has taken great pains to be correct in all he says and sees,and from a number of sources be has contrived to present an excellent picture of the town as it ap- peared in each succeeding century ; 9f the changes that took place; of the buildings which disap- peared ; of the people who lived and had their be- ing:; of the events that occurred to build up the colossal fabric of history. From the past, the dreamer steps boldly into the future where he sees "The New Warrington." of 1950. In place of the old Roman Camp—where he stands once again—is a public pleasure ground,with appropriate halls and kiosks containing maps.plans and pictures which give the visitor an idea of life in the far distant period when the camp existed. The Brewery is conducted by the Corporation and so are the public-houses. Overarching limes span the Causeway and there is a majestic bridge. Beyond it in a leafy semicircle reaching from the riversdeviation to the weir, a broad em- bankment, fringed by stately buildings, and pro- vided here and there with seats. Electric traction everwhere, trains flitting by at an enormous speed tramcars traversing the streets and bound for such, gardens of Eden as Victoria Park. In his description of the latter the dreamer's imagination has full play, and between terraces, fountains, bands, kiosks, and art galleries the reader becomes almost intoxicated with delightful anticipation. There is a suspension bridge at Howley,and in defiance of engineers of to- day the weircalmly generates electricity, in which laudable task it is assisted by the tides and winds. The river is once more pellucid, fish leap from its waters, which have now a gentle mur- mur in addition. Smoke has been abolished, slums have vanished, and in their place are comforable and artistic houses for the masses. Open spaces are plentiful. and altogether the town has five beautiful parks. Howley is one huge dock. connected with an even huger dock at Arpley, both accommodating vessels of the largest size—and driven too by electricity. Overhead like mighty birds float wrist craft crowded with pas- sengers. These are a few of the wonderful improve- ments effected in Warrington during the next 50 years. Even in a dream all this cannot be accom- plished without an increase in rates but Mr. 'Sennett gets over the difficulty by attributing to the people of the next century a willingness to pay more in the for additional benefits. Evidently the ratepayer undergoes a-s great a transformation as the town itself. From material improvements turn to find that the Nonconformist Churches had federated—on a mutually satisfactory basis—with the Mother Church, and "all then were one in the love of God and of their fellow-men." Finally the dream ends, and the dreamer reflects that "some- times one's dreams come true." The book is creditably printed and contains numerous illustrations, those in the historical por- tion being excellent copies of old drawings and prints. The pages which contain Mr. Bennett's flights of fancy in the future, are embellished by drawings sprepared by Mr. J. A. Kendrick who has depicted the author's mental pictures with skill and ingenuity. Taken altogether "The dream of a Warringtenian " will be found decidedly interest- ing by inhabitants of the "good old town," who are indebted to Mr. Bennett for the publication of what is—dreams apart—the best history of local events extant. The price of the book is 2s 61.

If you have Corns or Bunions use AMUCK'S COO Or ELINICN PLASTERS.

Warrington Pupil Teachers' Central Classes. A preentation was made in St. Clement's School on Saturday to Mr. E. K. Denison, 8.A., who for more than twelve months has been the principal of the Warrington Pupil Teachers' Central Classes, which are held in the school. The presen- tation, which consisted of a silvf r bread platter and knife, and a hoc water jug (supplied by Messrs. Eustanco and Co.), was made by Miss Warburton, on behalf of the classes. Mr. Denison is shortly to b• 3 rcarrieel, and this was considered a fitting oppor- unitv to show the esteem in which he is held by , the pupils

, BE " WARNED •-• • ; When you have an ACNE or a PAM, a STRAIN or a SPRAIN, you need a PLASTER, but be sure it is ALLCOCK'S • PLASTER ", Unvarying Uniformity, .„ Unfang Satisfaction. , • •

===== 0002601_19000412_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, -

===== 0002601_19000412_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEJ?,, THURS!)AY, APRIL l2 1900.

WARRINGTON UNION ASSESS- MENT COMMITTEE.

A meeting' of this conamirtee was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Friday morning. Mr Pilling wesided and here were alßo present I—M.essls J Jolloy, J Whinge, William Hickman, Wiliam Hocught.)p, A Jolley, S Davies, J Clarke, with Mr J C Sutton (elei-k),Mr Owen (valuer), Mr Woodcock (assistant over- seer) and Mr Eoughton (~..sisra.nt overseer of Newton).

THE- SUPPLEMENTAL LISTS. lt,?ferrin.g to the supplemental lists, Mr. A J Jolley asked the Clerk whether he thought an equitable revi- sion of the townships had been carried out in the letter as well as in the spirii.—The Clerk replied that it would be well to do so with regard to some of the agricultural parishes and it wculd be well for that matter if there was an examination made into the inland revenue assess- ments. One heard sometimes of property not tieing assessed to its full value, although as far as his Personal knewledge went he thought the agricultural parishes all round inioht b 3 found to ba correct. It would ba well to take some steps with a view to revision and enquiry as ti the lists.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AgSESiMENTS AT NEWTON,

Mr. Houglat'on—b-sa;it; subrnii red his statement show- ing the assessable value of the Newtea district, dissatis- tation was express'd at the small iner,iar4e reported, considering the state of trade in that district.. It was pointed out that there were scarcely any appeals from Newton dist,rict which was considered a suggestiev fact. Mr Houghton admittel teat the overseers had been in the habit of re arranging assessments. In answer to quastions by members of the committee, Mr. Houghton said there hld been no revision of the assess- ments of public houses and business premises for ts number of years. Be did not think there were many wlcla could reasonably be raised. Mr. WM. HOUGHTON proposed that the Clerk write a letter to the Overseers for Newtoa expressing dissatisfac- don with the assesanaents of Newton dii.trict and asking -them to exercise more Vigilance in the future and to joyesti2ste certairs cases. Mr. CLARE said the shopkeepers of Earlestown and Newton had plenty to do to keep their heads above water. It would b.!, a serious matter to raise the assessmeets. He would pit say anything with reference to ths public-houses and their assessments. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded the proposition, and said it was clear from the nesietant overseer's statement that the over.eers told neglected to meet and form a quorum during the past riix months aril had avoided what they were called upon to do• The licensed premises were too low as was clear from the Assistant Overseer's statement. The system of assessing shop-keepers premises was also defective. The proposition was unanimously carried. VALUER'S REPORT.

Mc. OWEN (traluey) reported that since the last meet- ing he had made the fcilowin valuations :—ln the township of vtrirringtoti, London and N irth-Western Railway Company, new. signal stores at Arpley g7ation, gross £55, rateable £4l ; Gistie Rubber Works, near Wharf-strew, Warrington, additions, gross £57, rateable £47 103 ; Warrington Corporation, n.w gas offices. Wiciwiek-road, Warrington, grvs £75 rateable £64. In the township of Winwick. Mossrs S and T IC,afoottq' Farm. This case was decided ati the las, meetingf, and he (Mr. Owen) was instruc'ed to r-bort it for enrry. The land now assessed at gross £247, rateabl,s £222, to be reduced to gross £297, rate- able £l9l 10s. fke report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY SCHOOL BOARD.

The Education of Deaf and Dumb Children

INTHRESTINO POINT.

A meeting of the Darosbury School,-Roard was held on Thursday last week at Daresbury. The Rev H T Clarke presided, and there were also present Mesirs Phillips, Cooper, Warhnrtoo, Tickle, Weir, Billington, and C E Lisaker (clerk). Mr. Weir rose to move a resolution, and said:it was unfortunate that he had to do it himself. as it had reference to his own child. He moved that the Board pay £lO 68i, per annum for the educatio a of his child at Old Trafford Deaf and Dam h Institution, Manchester. That,, he believed, was the amount tin Board were legally bound to pay. Be did nor., of course, ask any- thing for thu child'i maintenaace or clothing. He paid for those himself. Mr. Phillips : Is this for the second by or the one already at tho institution Mr. Weir said he asked the grant for h;s second son, who was at present at home. Towards the education of the boy at the institution the Board paid £8 64 Bd. per annum, and he had to pay the rest of the necessary sum for his education, as well as having to pay for his m tin- tenance and clothing. Education was free now-a-days, and he conteuded that he should net have to pay any- thing for the education of his children. If they were not afflicted they could be educated at the Board Schools free of charge. The Clerk said the Board were under no obligation to costribute to the cost of educating either of the children, but they could grant any sum if they chose up to a certain limit, which was prescribed in the code of the education department. Mr. Weir : Wray should I pay for education? There is free education everywhere else. Mr. Billington then seconded Mr. Weir's resolution. Mr. Weir remarked that he was paying £2 per annum now which the Board ought to be paying for the other bay. Mr. Warburton sail that if Mr, Weir was not in a position to pay, the Board might be obliged to contri- bute the whole sum. In further discussion it was stated that the full amount charged by the institution was £l7 6s ed per annum for each child, Mr. Cooper said he thought the matter should be fully enquired into. Mr. Weir wanted the Board to contribute , £lO 163 83., and he himself would have to pay about £7 which was only 3s a week. He contended emphatically ' that Mr. Weir could not keep his boy for such a small sum at home. It was too little for him to expect to pay. Mr. Weir pointed out that be was asking for money for the education of his zhild,not for its maintenance. Mr. Cooper then moved an amendment that the Clerk be instructed to write to the Education Department asking what amount if any the Board was bound to pay for the education and maintenance of the child at Old Trafford. -

Mr. Phillips secondol. Mr. Linaker : I think you will have a reply that there i; some discretionary pQwer in the hands of the Board. .If Mr. Weir's contention is correct, a porson exceedingly well oft might come to the Board ad say "I have a deaf and dumb child, and you will have to pay for its education." Mr Linaker then read a note from the education code to the effect that if a school authority incurecl any expense in respect of a child, the parent was liable to contribute toward the expense such weekly sum as might be agreed upon by the schocl authority. Mr. Cooper's amendment was agreedito.

Sequel to a Local Breach of Promise Case. Maurice flitchon Royston appeared before Mr. Registrar Ridgway at the Warrington Bankruptcy Court on Friday for his public examination in bank- ruptcy. The bankrupt is a commercial traveller residing at the Grange, Paddington, and by himself and another executor of the late William Royston, carried on the business of bone and special manure manufacturers and hay and straw dealers under the style of "The Paddington Manure Works." The statement, of affairs submitted showed a deficiency of £269 14s lid and ~he bankrupt alleged as the eause of his insolvency "An action for breach of promise of marriage." In answer to the questions of the Official Receiver the bankrupt stated that he had never been in business on his own account but that since "the 20th of June 1897, he had assisted in carrying on his late father's business for the benefit of his mother. Ile first became aware of his insolvency on the sth August, 1899, when judgment was given against him in an action for breach of promiso of marriage. The unsecured liabilities were as follows ;—Damages and costs awarded in action £2lB 3s 9d ; other law costs £26 us 2d.; loan, 5:25. —Mr. Browne who represented Miss Jessie Mather, stated that he was assured by Mr Johnson, of the Official Receiver's Office, that his client's interests were served, and he therefore did not intend to examine the bankrupt.—The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
oltEn-Tortured Ba!

CRY FOR CUTICURA.

Instant relief and sleep, in a hot bath with C rrT• cuitA SOAP and a single anointing with CuTlct,l::\ Oiatine,nt. A blessing to skin tortured infantaiti w01..1.-oar., worried parents. toid throughout the world. British depot: F. New r..wr ori s, Loudon. 1). sor C. COEP.. Prors..

, li.k .0m • .giN • A.l.‘ \a, \\\ •Vild 1:\ ,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVELY SCENES AT A WARRING- TON HORSE SALE.

On Tuesday at the Werrinetan Police Court before Alderman Sutton (in the chair), and Mr. T. Birchall, Albert Boawell, a gipsy, whose address was Oven as the Moss, Attrinch am, was eherged with assauitine James Mills, in Maginn'a sale yard, Areley-street, at 3.30 the previous afternoon, and also with assaulting John . Austin and Patrick Maginn at 5-30.—Mr. Arthur Browne appeared on behalf of the prosecutors, and the defendant was represented by Mr. W. El J. Jenkins.—Mr. Browne, in opening the case said that the prisoner attended a horse sale conducted the previous afterno ou by Mr Maginot. He %yes a horse dealer and travelled from town to town. At about 3 O'clock he Was talking to a Mr Mills, a fanner, witn reference to a hares. After some words prisoner struck Mr Mills on the nose with his fist causing him to stagger. He cut his noes with the ring on his finger. Toe nose bled very copiously at the time. Prisoner was prevented from doing anything further to Mr. Mills woo went for a policeman. Shortly afterwards the prisoner went to the auctioneer's clerk, Mr. Austin to pay for a horse which cost £3 odd. He put three sovereigns down. Mr. Austin had a bag of money and thinking the man had put down £4 he was going ta give him cnenge. On spreading the money out, however, he found that there were only three sovereigns and told the prieoner that he wanted another. Prisoner said that he had given him £4 and he (Mr. Austin) had. picked one op. He then ' struck the clerk on the head. Austin "decked" and I prisoner hit him a second time an the hue of the head. r. Meginn then came on the scene and asked Boswell what he meant by striking his clerk and he struck him. A policeman was sent for and prisoner was locked up. Five or six witnesses saw the three sovereigns put do wn.— James Mil s,farrner,Arley,gave evidence in support of the first portion of Mr. Browne s statement.—Mr. Jenkins advised prisoner to plead guilty to the charge of assault- ing Mills. He said that if he had struck Mr Mills in the manner which had been stated, prisoner extremely re- gretted it now. He had a dispute with Mills about the value of a horse and Mills made a ridiculous offer to buy it. Mills pushed him in the excitement and the prisoner struck him. For the injury done to Mr Milishe expressed on the prisoner's behalf extreme regret.—The next portico of the charge was then proceeded with.—Johu Austin, the auctioneer's clerk, stated that the nrisoner bought a horse for £3 183. 9d. He pot d erns £3. Wit- ness thinking that he had put down £1 proceeded to get the change and after he had got the change he found there were only £3. He told prisoner he had only given him £3 and he said he had given him £4. After further argument the prisoner, without any provocation struck him behind the ear. Several witnesses conotierated this statement, and in cross-examination it was stated that prisoner had a fight with a man named Kelly, who was regarded as being a good boxer, but Kelly got the worst of matters —Patrick Magma spoke to witnessine the assault on Austin. He interfered and the prisoner struck at taim. He warded the blow off his head with his arm. He was subsequently hit on the back of the head by someene, weons ne could not sa7.—Mr Jenkins, for the defence, said that Boswell was certainly under , the impreskien that he had put down four sovereigns, ' and was annoyed at any impeachment thathe should tell a falsehood or endeavour to get a sovereign wrongfully. He was so vexed that he struck Mr. Austin what was not a very serious blew. It was an assault, but at the same time it was more er less technical. Mr. Pemnix Smith, the prisoeer's father-in-law would tell them that John Msginn called the man Kelly who had a fair stand up fight with Hoe well. They b )xed three or four rounds and the crowd enjoyed it very much until they found that Boswell was an expert and Kelly was getting the worst of it. Then a rough-and-:umble fight began. The prisoner was knocked down and struck whilst on the groand being bruised about the ribs. The men ati- pearei to have struck out right and left hitting whoever they could. It was unfortunate for Boswell to be placed in that position and if he had dean wrong he regretted it.—Prisoner gave evidence and still adhered to his asser- tion that he put down £4. He said that his money got mixed with the change and Austin picked one of the sovereiens up. Be admitted striking Austin.—ln answer to a question by Mr Birchall as to whether the money balanced at the end of the day.A.ustin said that there was a sovereign short.—Pbceoix Smith, the father-in-law of the prisoner, stated that he was knocked down and hit on the heal—Edward Warburton, of Altrincham, also gave evidence.—The Chairman said the Bench had care- fully considered the ease. In the first case that of assaulting James Mills, the prisoner pletcled•guilty. They considered that assault was entirely unprovoked With regard to the assault on Austin the question of whether the prisoner paid £3 or 24 had nothing what- ever to do with the assault. It was a pity that the prisoner lost his teesper for whatever provocation he might have felt about the money he certainly was not justified in striking Austin. With regard to the assault on Maginn the serious part of the assault anneared to have taken place in the general" skirmish." It was quite steer that it all arose by the prisoner's assault on the two other complainants, and he was most respon- sible for such a result. They thought they were dealing leniently with him by imposing a penalty of 20s including costs, in each case (£3 in all).

SOMETKiAG ABOUT TROOP- HORF,ES.

Ie "Cassell's Migazinel" for April, M. Fletcher Robin- I son tells of e. chat with a sergeant in the Teeth, (Prince of Wales's Own Royal) Hussars :—The Tenth were quarted at Canterbury when I was introduced to Try friend the sergeant. The two facts that I belonged to •his county and was a profound admirer of his regiment predisposed him towards me. When he discovered that I was also something of a connoisseur in horse flesh his ' la•,t trace of reserve vanished. "A good horse, sir, Is like a good wife," said the sergeant sententiously : "they're both precimus hard to find. Sense! Why, there's horses in my squadron as Feasible as you and me." I told the sergeant I could quite believe it. "In course, regiments are restricted in the matter of colour," he continued ; "but give me a free hand, and I should pick a roan—that is, for good temper and quick learning. Dark greys and blacks are mostly strong and hardy, and, so are dark chestnuts. La a general mire, light cheetnuta and light bays are nervous and delicate. A rusty black es a sulky pig nine times out of ten. Tnen, again, there are 'white stock- line,' as they call it. You know the old saying, 'One white leg's a bad 'an, two white legs you may sell to a friend, three white legs yen may triest for a time, four white legs you may lay your life on.' " "Horses take curious dislikes sometimes." said I. "That'a true, both to men and to each other. The Tenth occe had a brute that was nearly cast for temper. He'd hardly let a man come into hs stall to feed him, and as for greoining—well, it was nigh impossible. There happened at the time to be a men in the regiment who was as wild as they make 'em, always before the colonel for some font's trick or other. Well, he was given the horse, and they took to each other at once. One day he went reeling across into the stable and fell by the side of his horse in a drunken sleep; but when the-guard came to take him to clink, bless you, they couldn't get near him. His horse stood over him with his ears back, and sort of dared them to come on ! Then, again, horses will get some bad bleed between these and fight when- ever they get a chance. They tell a story of two arab chargers we once bad which got such a hatred of each other that they were always separated. One night on a troopship one or them broke loose and jumped clean over the beck of the steady old chap next to him te get at the other."

A BOLTON LADY Testifies to the Wonderful Efficacy of Dodd's Kidney Pills.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PIG ON A CHURCH STEEPLE.

The Legends About Winwick Church..

One of the mist curious legenle connected with a church (and which of our old churches have not a legend ?) is the one about the pig on Winwick Church steeple. This church, dedicated to St. Oswald, stands on an eminence, commanding an extensive view, about three miles north of Warrington. The livine of Win- wick is said to be the richest in Eegland ; it was for- merly valued at £3,616 per annumaand is the gift of the Earl of Derby. The Rev. J. J. Hornby, one of the rec- tors. spent £3,400 in erecting a handsome chapel of ease at Croft in his own parish,and contributed £6,000 to the building of a church and school in the township of Dewnall Green, besides a further sum of £l,OOO towards the cost of a church at Newton. 13; his benevolence no less than five daughter churches were added to theparent one,though the income of the rector was reduced thereby. The benefice is still worth about £2 per year ner hsal of the population, which, being rural, is under 900. Winwick is supp'sed on good authority to be the ancient British Carer Guintuic, and to have been the seat of one of the twelve Saxon chiefs who formed their establhhments in South Lancashire 'before the institution of parishrs. It seems to have been the favourite resi- dence of Oswald, king of Northumbria ; he is said to have fallen in battle here, Winwick being in the district of Makerfield (battlefield). Some years after hie death the good folks of Winwick decided to build a church te the memory of St. Oswald, a well, bearing his name, being supposed to work miraculous cures. Accordingly they cleared a apace in the valley, laid the foundations, and began to build the walle.but in the night the ir,hatetants heard a weird cry of Wee-ee-wick, Wee-te-wick, which continued the whole night. In the meruing every stone of the church had been removed to the top of the hill, a pig being discovered rolling up the last stone with its snout, crying Wee-se-wick. Its task accomplished, the pig vanished into the earth, so the people considered that it was a spirit in the form of a pig sent to teach them that their church must he built on the hill, over the very spot where King Oswald died. The village was ever afterwards known by the name of Winwick, and a stone pig was placcl half-way up the church steeple. Some ate' the pie, was placed there as part of the arms of Oswald, and yet another legend states that a pig possessed with an .evil spirit prowled over the neighbourhood. inflicting irriory on man arid beast, but was at length exorcised, the pig taking refuge up the church tower, where it was turned to stone. Anyhow the pig remains on the steeple to this dev, though scarcely visibns to the naked eye. The church is large and irreeular, of carious a:;ei, and evidently existed before the Conquest. The present tower was built la 1350. The interior of the church is interesting, not only from the ancieat trussed roof adorned with the Stanley arms, the clustered columns with the Tudor flower, and a noble organ, the gift of the late rector, but also from the numerous sepulchral honours of the Gerards, Leighs, Hornbys, and Stanley's. In the Civi War. Cromwell is slid to have slain a thousand men and taken two thousand prisoners who took refuge in the church. A new rectory was built at Win wick in 1887 to com- memorate her Majesty's Jubilee. The Old Ball, which formerly served as a rectory, is now used for an asylum. It is a substantial building standing in a well-wooded park.—" New Penny Magazine."

A Warrington Builder's Bankruptcy, At the Warringion Bankruptcy Court, on Friday, before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, a builder named , Thomas Worsley of 125, Forster-street, appeared for his public examination in bankruptck. his state- ment of affairs showed a deficiency of over £4OO and he alleged as the cause of his failure "want of capital; losses on contracts and increased price of materials." In answer to questions by Mr Johnson, who represented the Official Receiver, the bankrupt stated that he com- menced business with £2OO capital. Ile was a bricklayer and had no experience of the building trade beyond his knowledge as a bricklayer. He had no experience in casting contracts nor did he know how to make out his price lists. In ' . arriving at his contracts he gauged the amount by: that which was paid for a similar class of hous.. Beyond that his contracts were pure guesswork. Asked to justify his conduct of having a deficiency account of .-C4OO and 0u17., raying ten shillings in the X he said since he took the contracts the price of materialr! had gone up considerably. Ile could not say how much per cent the materials had increased in price but he knew that bricks were five shillings a thou- sand dearer. Ile admitted that he had engsged in rash and 1-111rdous building speculations. lEe Pd not, kept proper books of accounts. ;-,•(:(1. furnAuve in June he was not aware that he wee insolvent—The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Mrs Mayhall Cured of Diabetes after suffering- for years.

No other Medicine gave relief. DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS CURED

BOLTON, APRIL 14nt.—The many friends of Mrs. Mavhall, residing at 178, Waterloo-greet, Bolton, are all talking of her remarkable recovery from an illness of long duration; they regard it as little short of a miracle. For several years she suffered great agony, despite all the efforts of her doctor, despite all the medicines she used. Life was formerly a burdea ; now it is a pleasure to her' r.'peaking of her case, Mrs. Mayhall says "I suffered for years with Kidney Disease, which at last developed into that dreadful disease Diabetes, and you will know how serious was my condition when I tell you I lost 40 be in two months. I was under one of the best local doctors, but did not derive any benefit from his treatment. " I then commenced to take Dodd's Kidney Pills, and before I had finished the firsr, box the relief I experienced was simply beyond the comprehension of anyone un- acquainted with the pain. I then resolved to dispense with the doctor and continue taking the pills, and I am thankful to say that lam better than I have been for years. I was very much run down, but am now re- stored to health and strength. "1 am satisfiod I should have been in my grave had it not been for Dodd's Kidney Pills. "I recommended a lady friend of mine, who was suffering from Dropsy, to take the pille,and she has since told me that she now feels ' lighter ' and more comfort- able than she has done for some time." Continuing, Mrs. Mayttall said : "I am not afraid to tell my friends of the great bene- fit I derived from Dodd's Kidney Pills, as I feel sure that hundreds of hours of suff-ring would be prevented and valuable live.; saved, if this grand medicine were more widely known." The information contained in the above is enough for lany woman who suffers as Mrs. Mayhall did. She will , give Dodd's Kidney Pills a trial, and that is all they need. Don't be discouraged because you have not obtained I relief from prescriptions or medicines. Dodd's Kidney Pills will cure. They always cure. So‘d by all chemists at 2a 91 per box, or six boxes 13s 93. Sent by post on receipt of price by Toe Dodd's Medicine Co. ,k 23 Farringclon Avenue, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EQUIPMENT OF WAR CORRESPONDENTS.

The equipment of a war correspondent," says Robert Maeuray, in his article on .` The Soldiers of the Frees," which appears in the April number of the " Windsor Ma.gezine." " depends a good deal on the nature of the country where the fighting is going on, whether the climate is hot or cold, and BO forth. Ia the Busso-Turkish war each correspondent had a wagon,' writes Mr. Forbes, ' a pair of draught horses, saddle horses, a (soupier of servants, and couriers at discretion.' The late G. W. Steevens, in one of his books, tells us that in the Greco-Turkish war he had • one dragoman, one caves, two saddle horses, two peck horses, saddle and bridle Engl:sh style, saddle and bridle 'Turkish style, two pack-saddles, brushes and currycomb, halters, nose-bags, rope, two kit-bags, a chair, a table,. a fez, a waterproof sheet, towels, knives, forks, spoons, a few yards of waterproof canvas, a , bed, a pillow, a quilt, a cartridge-b&t, water-bottle, bucket, quinine, hypermangauate of potassium, frying- pan, teapot, japanned dishee and plates, cups and mugs, two lanterns, a cheap watch, a thousand cigarettes, champagne, whisky and other liquids, hams and tongues, tea, sugar, cocoa, tinned beef, salmon and herrings, sardines, salt, biscuits, Worcester sance,cheese, Ea.o's Fruit Salt, corned beef,' and a great many other things besides—a sort of miniature edition, in fact, of the Army and Navy Stores. It is a truly appalling catalogue, but Mr. Steevens at the time was in Turkey, where the commissariat was of the most primitive character. The bieycle of the correspondent was first used in this war by Frederick Villiers and Wilfred Pollock. Mr. Charles Williams, vrho has been a correspondent in eight campaigns, told use that he generally had with hire three h0r593 or three camels (the latter in the Soudan) for riding or for carrying baggage, as the case might be, and always two or three servants. But, indeed, every newspaper man in the field has to be similarly equipped. Be is not stinted as to means ny his people at home, and is practically given a free hand to presure whatever he thinks desirable for the accomplishment of the ends in view. It used to be I alleged that a certain great journal gave carte blanche to its representatives to order special trains or at Bafflers ad if by doing so the transmission of important news would be facilitated. The statement may not be exactly true, as special trains and steamers are very ex- pensive luxuries ; but it is quite conceivable that emergencies mignt arise in which a war correspondent would be justified in spending large sums of money in procuring intelligeece. Steamers were hired by news- papers in the Cuban war, and were made free We of by American j mrnalists. But, as a rule, the heaviest ex- penditure is connected with the telegraphing of the de:.;- patches themselves, though, of course, this depends on the distance. The telegraph bill of our great daily newspapers reaches largo figures even in times of peace, but during a war their cutgoings under this head must be simply enormous. The expenses incurred by the war cerreT)ndents and their salaries can be but mere trifles when compared with the cost of their telegrams."

===== 0002601_19000412_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
YANKEE ' SKY-SCRAPERS."

The April" Strand" gives an interesting account of the "sky-scraper " the name given to the irnmeosel:l lofty buildings of fifteen or twenty storeys or more, which are everywhere springing up in tte American cities. As yet we have nothing to equal them in this country, and our biggest hotl,or our atateln st mansions laid out in " Fla.ts " are little more than doll's houses compared with some ot thcss American stru3lures. They are built of steel franoewnrk,vchich is carried up storey after storey, and in the early stages looks more like slaffoldina than part of the permanent building. Th 9 mite.. walls are fitted in afterwards, though when the framework is completed, it k quite possible to put the roof on before these are com:nf ncQd. At present the tallest of these buildings in .I`.lcv York goes up twenty- nine storevs, and from the pavement to the top, it is nearly 400 feet high. This, however, is but a comparatively small affair to another stritc!..ure, which is projecttd, and which would be no less than 1500 feet blab, ar ball as high ao'aili as the Eiffel Tower. It would contain 125 storeys, afford- ing accommodation for six thousand offices or apart- merits, and about thirty thousand people. It would in fact be a city in itself under one roof,in which the eleva- tors svuld be more of the nature of short railways, than ordinary lifts. Among other advanta.les those on the top floors would almost enjoy the lo,urielits if mountain air, hut such buildings would scare dr recommend them- selves to nervous people who prefer to live in one or two I s',orev houses in case of fire at night.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HEAVY, ACHING HEAD,

Sour stomaCl.l,—to.ri:id. li;e;,-";.inful. kidneys, sluggith bowels. I heee are conditions hi NV hiCh VEGELPID3. the new and wonderul Ihitle iistiV pe-cients and liver siimul .nts, ..,ro most sueces3ful. " Rep rll harm ;ion." One a dose. d,ree. in t..,ocket vial is. Ihl . o• ; or, by post of kleesrs. NEWBURY, 27, Chirte.rhouse qu..v,v, Lou son.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,Is 7 k:so

===== 0002601_19000412_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
. • ~••• • •

'‘2 XM4I"9

===== 0002601_19000412_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ii:

Delicious and Wholesome.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
8z Lemon,

A PERFECT FOOD containing valuable

Medicinal Properties.

There are many inferior imitations on the market, and the public are requested to ask for DEAKIN'S if they wish to have the genuine article.

WAIURINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH- HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS. WAGONETTES, &c. FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE N. 169 BRANCH OFFICE `• 24, HORSE kfARKET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES 11 EATH'zID E. WARRINGTON.

FIX [TRES AND SCORES.

POINTS FOR AGST Sept. 2—St Helens a 9—Leigh h 8......10 16—Stockport la l5 0 23—Roch1ale Hornets a 33—Widnes h 6 5 Oct. 7—Wigan a 14—Ytißom h 21—Salford a 21— CUMBERLAND V LANCASHIRE a LI7 C 7 28—Tyldesley h Nov. 4—Stockport a 4—LANCISHI,E V YORKSHIRE a 11—Broughton Rangers h 18 —Oldham a 3 14 25—Birkenheld Wandereri h Dec. 2—L igh a 2—LANCASHIRE V CHESHIRE h 9—Morecambe. a l3 3 23—St Helens h 0 11 26 —(Boxing Day) Runcorn a 30—Swinton a Jan. I—Hull h 6—Tyloleslev a ll 3 13—Swinton h 23 Saiford h 27 —Runcorn h Feb. 3—Broughton Rangers a l3 10 17—Whines a 7 10 21—Oldham h 24 Rochd-tle Hornets h lO 0 Maren 3- Minoru a s—Wigan h 10—lorecambe h 17— St Helens a ((3um Tie) 6 0 24—Goole h (Cup Tie) 1 31—lioch4ale Hotnets a (Cup Tie) April 13—Halifax h

S ATCIIELL'S

CLUB HA.TS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S 6D. AND 10S. 6D. 48 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWIND ABUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil sheets, &u., /cc.

TENTS and MARQUEES for StOe or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c.. tiVed complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PARTNi&RSHIP OFFICES. CONNOR AND Cu., INVESTMENT BUILDINGS, 67. LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7435. No Commission till buited. Quick and inexpensive, CAPITAL waiting. Eight clieuts, with sums varying from £2OO to £5,0j0. Particulars of sound Businesses requiring capital Wanted.—Write D. E. Confoß AND CO., as above.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX TURES AND SCORES.

PoINTS. F oR GST Sept. 2—Wigan a 6—Swinton h 9—Broughton Rangers h 16—Widnes Is 5 0

23-01dham a 3 2 25 —TylrlPsley a l3. 2 Oct. 7—Tyldesley h 2l 0 14—Stockport a 21—Le gh h l6 0 28—Cheshire v Yorkshire a 0 9 I 8 Nov. 4—Altrincham h 57 2 11—Millom h 9 5 18—Altrineliam a __ 0

25-Salford h Dec. 2 -Chealdre v Lancashire a !9-Rochdale Hornets a 8 0 16-Stockport h 23 -Midorn a 26-Warrington h 30-Leigh a tr 0 ... 0 JAn. 1-Broughton Rangers a 13-Rochdale Hornets h 8 2 20-Swinton h 27 -Warrington a.. Feb. 3-Wigan h 17-St. Helens h 21-Sal:ord a 24-St. Helens a 2 3 Afar. 3-Widnes a 10-011 ham h - 3 0 .

h (Cup Tie)

24—Maryport h (Cup Tie) l2 0 April s—Bradford a (Cup Tie) 6 2 7—Leeds Parish Church a (Cup Tie)

===== 0002601_19000412_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB. FIX EURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FOR G'ST .—MiliOM h 20...... 0 9.—St. Helene a M.—Runcorn a _o_ 5

23. —Broughton Rangers h ll 0 30 —WarrhiL ton a 5 ri Oct h 14 —Swinton h

21—Wigan a 24. —St Helens h Nov 4.—Lancaster a 3 0 11.— ryldesley a 18.—Millom a 0 0

25. Tyldeeley h Dec 2.—A.ltrincham h 26 3 9.--Leigl7 a 8

fist

M.—Safford a 3 ll 23,—Roelada1e Hornets a 8 8 30.—Stockport a Jan I.—Swinton a 6.—Morecambe . 11 3 13.—Oldham a

20:—Broughton Rangers a 5 8 27.—Wigan h Feb 3.—Salford h lO 3 17.—Warrington h 24.—StoekL,ort h Mar 3.—Runcorn h 6 5

h 17.—Outwood Church a (Cup Tie) 24...... 5

- 24.—Dew bury 1. (Cup Tie) 31.—Bramley a (Cup Tip) 7 3 April 7.—Stockport a (Cup Tie)

===== 0002601_19000412_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. BELENsz FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX rURES AND SCORES.

POINTS FOR ACM' Sept. 2—Warrington h 9—Widnes h 16 —Swinton h 23—Lancaster home l7 2 30 —l3roughton Rangers a Oct. 7—Rochdale Hornets a I 4—Wig in h 21—tockport h 28—Widnes a 3 5 Nov. 4—Wigan a 11 Salford li 18 —Tyldesey h Abandoned 25—Stockport a 6 3 2 —Tyldesly h Dec. 9—ol, ham h l7 14 23—Warrington a 25—Brcughton Rang -rs, h 26—Millom li 30— i yldesley a l4 3 Jan. I—Leigh h 6 —SIN inton a 13—Millom a 29—liochd..le Hornets, h Feb. 17—fiun7orn, a P 4 - Roneorn h 27 --Leigh a 0 0 Mar. 3-o'ciham a 6 35 10—Salford a 17—Warringt0n h (Cup tie) April 7—Leigh h (West Laneashire Cup)

===== 0002601_19000412_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
A Genuine Cure.

For Coughs, Bronchitis, Influenza, Asthma, and Whooping Cough.

VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the most succe.sful remedy in England, vastly superior to the host of common, cheap cough mixtures or any of the emui ions. It cures as if by soma mysterious pow,r, even in seemingly hopeless cases. Ask ler VENO.B LIGHTNING COUGH CHu,And see you get it. Is, 4d. and 2s. al. Soli by Boots, Ltd.. Knowles, Warrington ; Peake, Ear'es- town and Newton ; Wqsloa and Co., Run,iorn ; Foggitt, Widnes ; ad all Chemists,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA

1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6

1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6

1/4 QUAITY NOW 1/6

1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6

1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6

1/4 QUALITY ROW 1/E3

THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE

BEM HALF-A-POUND

THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE

BUYS FIALF-A-POUND

THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE

BUYS HALF-A'POUND

THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE

BUTS HALF-A-POUND

THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE

BUYS HALF-A-POUND

In E NIMBLE NISEPENCE

BUYS HALF-A-POUND

AdENTS SELL, IT

AGENTS SELL _A r

AGENTS SELL IT

AGENTS SELL IT

PAY NO MOREI THAN THE LABELLED PRICE

PAY NO MORE THAN TUE LABELLED PRICE

PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE

PAY NO MORE 'MAN TIE LABELLED PRICE

PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE

_ PAY NO MORE TEIAN TETE LABELLED PRICE

BROOKE, BROOKE, BROOKE,

BOND'S TEA TEA

BOND'S

BOND'S

TEA

BROOKE,

BOND'S

TEA

BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD., Tea Merchants by Appointment to the People, 17. PICCADILLY, -12 & 14, LONG AIILLGATE, kI.A.NozEsTER,

and at Leedt, Bradford and Lond3n. WHOLESALE', .A.GENT3.— F. A. JENKINS, 193, Pkwitive. LArE, Warrington, J. BAS, 91, BUTTERMARKET-3TREETi Warring' on.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

-.

3 t- .

===== 0002601_19000412_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000412_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
' t "7-

1 '''.. _i: i -' r if s : f ;, „ ,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,!I'o :

===== 0002601_19000412_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19000412_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Or 44 ftrairtiner " Orrits

erHE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. PILE Earlestown d Newton Examiner, published A.. every Friday afternoon. ?TIRE Bt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday A. afternoon. TIM Buxom Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning, Widnes Examiner, published every Friday TH!orning

P REP 2..1D ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Cs. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. led. ... 3s. Od. 38 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. 0,1. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Oel. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

These charges apply only to the classes of advertise ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale:

APARTMENIS WANTED , APARTMENTS TO LAT ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

HOUSES WANTED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WAlrrs MISCELLANEOUS SALES

Bomeatt Sotrbantisl, Zrr.

WANTED HOUSBMAID, small family,—Apply to Mrs. JNO. WNIIIIELD, North°lme, Chorley,

wANTED, at once, geo.l MINIMAL SURVA.NT.—AppIy KINGS HEAD HOTEL, Droylsden, Manchester. A.NTBD, good COOK ; sge about 25 ; wages £O.— YV to Mrs. ARMISIEID, Stindbich Heath, Sand-

EGG-fi from old-iash'oned Golt4en Pheasant Fowl.; 3s. 6d. each sitting ; carriagefree.—BETNAM,Longton, Preston.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
bach.

NVTANTED, respectable clean GIRL, 16 or 17, with good referenees, for housework.-32, GRAFTON-STREET, Manchester,

IVANTBD, GENERAL SBILVANI? ; two evenings a week 1 eut.—Apply 22, WELLINGTOX-ROABP, Whilley !tang..

Manchester.

IVANTED. GBDTB it AL SERVANT.—AppIy H. D. KITCHEN, Bowling Green Hotel, Mauchestei -road, Denton, Manchester.

WANTED at once, General SERVANT ; good references, good wages to suitable person.—Apply CLEGG, 12 Regent-street. Blackburn.

WANTED all Classes of superio: SUB VANTS. Reliable situations. Please wrac—Mrs. WILLIS, 481, Eccles New Road. Weaste, 2daachestn.

_ WANTED, good GENBRA.LS ; wages £l6 to £2O, and all V T servants to implv WEST END BEAU and servants' Registry, 92, Market-street, Manchester.

_ MRS. PR,BSTON'S Progressive Registry. 44, Charles street, Wackpeol, wants good servants £l3 to £4O many vacancies. Enclose stamp.

WANTED, GENERAL, age about 2); for family of three good wages to clean. respectable girl.—Apply Dr Mari', 55. Thu,stiy-road Burnley.

respeeable}WANT, 17 to 20; eountry W girl preferred ; geod wages for suitabie girl.-83, FABNWOSTR IT.. Kensington, Liverpool.

WANTED, gcod General SERVANT; two in family; washing sent out • must have good personal refer- ences.—Mrs. Cunhuc, Elundel. Hill, Rainhill.

-7 WANTED, strong GIRL as General. Protestant, plain cooking ; washing ; three in family; to children, good ref erences.-10, BaRRInCII'OI4I-ROAD, Liverpool.

WANTED, a mart Country OBNBRAL, age about 20; 3 in family; wages to commence £lO per year.— Ad iress Box 14' Bxamioer " Office, Warrington.

- ANTRD, good strong GIMEICAL SERVART, able to TV wash ars' do p!ain cooking; email family; good wages te suitable W. JAUDSoN, Triangle, Halitax.

WAICTED. GBNERAL SBRVANT for widow lady; easy Owe ; four evenings allowed out ; exec:lent wages; mummer at sea side.—BELL, 60. Westbomoe-road, Mare). Huddersfield.

WANTED, nice respectable GIRL as eIrENERAL, 17 to 23; one who wishes good home and good training; will be well cared for; protestaat.-34, GREENFIELD-ROAD, Steneyerofr, I iverpool,

WANTBD, Housemaids. t aitresses, and good plain Cooks for gentlemen's farnides ; must have good characters.—Apply at 87, MILL-STREET. or Criterion Refresh- ment Rooms, 154, Mill-stteet, Crowe.

WANTBD, Cooks. Housemaids. Waitresses, Butlers, Nuriies, General Servants, £l3 to £22; young girls (go oi homes and good wages;.--lars. BEATTIE, High-class Registry, Chapel-street. Pre.iton, Lancashire.

Weintrb.

WANTED, a smart respectable YOUTH el 15 or 16 'ere for ofice.—Apply A. W. HOWARD, Kendrick-street, Warrington.

ita ILK! MILK !—WANTED, several good thiries of 1.71 milk. State lowest price.—SmiTn AND Co., 29, Went- worth-street, London, B.

WANTED, a smart YOUTH, to make himself generally useful, sleep out —Apply H. D. KiTCHEN, Bowliag Green Hotel, Denton Manchester.

IA! ANTBD, a few good all round Wagon Repairers, Wood' men, piece work. —Apply BIRMINGHAM WAGON Co., LTD, Black Diamond-street, Cirestkr.

WAR MEDALS WANTED, dnted 1848, or earlier, £2 given ; aleo round Aretie•Red River. Firket, Atbara, Matabele, TOMBS. Droitwieb.

riiwo Marvellon3 Mechanical BOVELTIES, the Little 1. Manikin and the Explosive Beetle. 6d each 94 the pair. Address EMPIRE I,Z,VELTIC CO,, Oldham. Agents Wanted.

DRBSSM i KINGI.—W4IiTBD thoroughly experienced WORICILOOM. HAND, also good BOUM/1 IiANDS, (goo-1 wages), J. Ancurem 7, 11 and 13, Bridge-street. War rington. CAAPENTioat.

_ ,re or lour good Carpenters WAADID used to caulklng and general flat repairs ; wages 355. . no loss of time.—Apply to LIVERPOOL LIGHTERAGE Co.,' Dockyard, 61,.rston.

WANTBD COOK, expedenced Kitchencnaid, or Cook- TV Grsteral might tuft, no Sittingrooms. Gentleman's Small family, Four Servants, wages 223.—HOUSEICEEP& It, 37, Quecu'e-road, Southport.

QANITAEY INSPECTORSHIPS. Salaries £lOO to £250. L 7 Numerous, vacancies. Permanent appointments. Postal course of lessous.novi commtmcing for Liverpool Exam. Open to PH. Previoj experience unnecessary. 200 successful candidates. Lad es eligible. Apply homERT MUBHEII9, Scitnce Teacher, Sunderland.

DON'T COUGH-USE

'T COUGH-USE

DON T COUGH-USE

There is absolutely no remedy eo speedy and eff,etnal. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate 7-E kTING'S CLAW LI LOZENGES, KEATING'S COJGII LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

If you cannot sleep for cougbinw, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right Any Do::tor will telt you they are ITTIT RLY UNRIVAL-61,.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
UTTERLY UNRIVALLED,

TTERLY UNRIVALLED. bid everywhere in tins 13}a. each, or free on receipt of stamps from THOMAS KliarlNG, Chemist, London.

TUE Buneorn Examiner, published Friday morn lug. It is the only We,:kly Paper in the district, arid er.Ters the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrn IVidros Examiner, published Friday morn- Mg. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal, Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public ;Sotlees, A dye, tiseinents (eact pt Parliamentary) are inserted n all the above papers at one ebarge, THE WA RRINGTON Ez MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER THE"Sr. HELENS EXAMINER, AND PREtCOF WEEKLY NEWS," THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASTON, GOLIDDH'SF., AND HAYDOCK REPORTER." THE" RUNCORN EXAMINER." AND TUE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

ADVS 1811X/ill Tb •

One

Three

Week. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ............ Os ls 3d ... 23 Od 27 .......... es 91 ... ls ICd 3. cd 36 ............... 13 03 4. od 45 ..... ..,...... 13 3d ... 33 id .04 ......... ls ed ... as ed ... 6s Od

ores

gliOP TO LET. 13, Winwiok-street.—Apply 44, HORSE- MAARET•STREET, or 11, Winwick-street.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Offo, poultry, Bcr.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A)tort.ol Vusuntss.4es, err.

?.34 partmento, & eurnisbeb fouses.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND 1300KBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES. TO TRADESMEN, MANUFACTURERS, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN, &ND OTHERS.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LIALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBEBT'S. IN ThE MAIIKET oritN EVER DAY FOlt GOOD BuOTS AND SHOES.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
re*kk.-'7''rj7f

===== 0002601_19000412_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
bateg Dv gurtion.

B Y .MR. JOHN MAGINN.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRAITON'S G RATT ON'S GRATT ON S GRAFTON'S GRATTON'S G BATTON'S G HATTON'S GRAI TO 'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRA ITON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S il RATION'S 1.7 GRATTON'S RATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRAI TON'S G HATTON'S GRATTON'S G ELATION'S

===== 0002601_19000412_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gDbarts

===== 0002601_19000412_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EMBROUTION OF THE AGE !

CURE SP tt AIN 6.

CURES BRUISES.

CURES STIFF JOINTS.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
TEF,TIMONI.I L.

SHItFFIELD UNITED ORICICET & FOOTBALL CLUB. NI/inners of the English Cup. 1898-9.

Gentlemen,— Tt gives me great pleasure to testify to the excellence of your

Hrnbrocation. lours faithfully, H. H. STONES, Assistant Secretary.

USED BY ALL LEADING CLUBS.

Price Is. 10. per bottle.

Sold by 'I3OOTS CASII CHEMISr.,,

5, BRIDGE-ST., MARKET GATE,

AND 35. BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON,

FOR 10.1-D

===== 0002601_19000412_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SKELTON•S LIMIT ED, ENORMOUS STOCK OF PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORS E ARK ET STREET,

WARIIINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A NTI•LIQUOR RIIIIDY positively cures drunkenness. LX 2s, 9d. post free.—LEGION Co., 12. Cross-st , Wrexham.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
IXTS (Epilepsy) permanently cured, particulars free. A. GILBERT DALE, St. John-s6reet, Hanley, Staffs.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
KHAKI Ni ?TE I Post tree is,, is 6d, is ea.— DENtomEr, 3. Trafal•4ar Buildings, London, W.N.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
DUNGALOW (freehold)4 rooms,outhaildings;rising.healtby L HET:NELL, M.detead, Alresford, Hants.

DOULTRY BONE MEAL, 126 per cwt., any quantities.— CROASDALE, Southfield-street, Nelson.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TARESS LHNGTII3. Send P.O. for 9s 6d fur dress length (6 yards) of our specialy all wool coating serge, black

===== 0002601_19000412_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A GENTS Wanted for high grade CYCLIIS ; whole or 'Tare 11. time.—MIDLAND CYCLE Co., Coventry.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
). 23 PIO CU fit+. for 15s. 64. We don't pretend t,) give /1, anythirig for nothing. Would you like a beautiful

===== 0002601_19000412_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH OF WAHRINGTON.-TO COLLIER.Y PEW> tclitTuflS AlVi COAL MERCHANTS.

The General Purposes a mrnittee of the CounCi-C;t7 the Porough of Warrington is preoare,4 to receive TENDERS for the supply of COAL for the various departments of the Corporation from APILIL 23RD until OCTO.B.IIIi 318 T. 1903, bpecifications forms of tender, quantities, and all further informalon may he obtained at the office of the Borough surveyor. Town Hall, on and after IiATURDAY, the 7th Inst., at which place tenders must be delivered on or hPfore 12 o'clock Loon on MONDAY, the 23rd day of APRIL, 1900, endorsed "Tender for Coal.'

The lowest or any Vnder not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGBIN,

Borough Surveyor. Borough Survc3-or's Office, April sth, ISOO.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
1111 E EVA. MINER,

APRIL 12Ti, 1900.

WITH the second reading The Session So of the Agricultural Hold- Far.

ings Bill the session has reached the first recess, and some estimate of its general results may be expedient. It is needless to say that the Government has been able to accomplish almost everything that it intended to do. it was easily able to withstand the usual motions used on the Address, and the discussions indicated the great variety of opinion which marks the present Chamber, and has been considerably increased by the war. The discipline of the Union- ist Party has been severely maintained, important dissidents from the South African policy of the Government being unable to break through the solidity and coherence of the rank and file. Sir EDWARD CLARKE has retired, and others less dis- tinguished have either been temporarily silenced or have been compelled to exchange counsels with very angry supporters. The Irish members have consistently and often noisily opposed the war and its financial arrangements,gathering up with them some help, varying very much in quantity, from the general Opposition. The Liberal section which offers uncompromising opposition to the war has not grown in size nor influence, if it has been sometimes an embarrassment to Sir H. CAMPBELL- BANNERMANin his efforts to pull the party to- gether, and to evoke a policy of criticism and patriotism at once in :Aerate and influential. There have been no bitter speeches of note upon either side, and, as a whole, the Opposition has assisted the Government in its military and financial arrangements, without winning from the Minis- terialists any duo Meed of praise for its level-headed course of action. The principal business of the session so far has been military and financial. An inquiry is promised into the administration of the War Office, and also into some contract scandals which have arisen in connection with the supply of inferior goods and the presence on the War Office , contract-list of firms which had previously been struck off. The House of Commons has assisted in , , the means devised for carrying on the war, for the I permanent increase of the army,ancl for those tem- porary measures of defence not yet carried out,and almost unnecessary now, so rapidly have the public tremours and fears subsided. The new taxes, omitting the produce-contract tax, have been sanctioned, and the war loan has been popu- lar. The legislative efforts of the Government have been nearly all introduced under the Ten Minutes Rule—an abuse which has provoked much hostile comment. Some of the bills have been read a second time, and hence public business is in a very forward state. Taking from private mem- bers much of their time, and repressing debate on the Ministerial side, the Government has been able to make great progress and to avoid discus- sions which might have been inconvenient. The new education code is to be amended to meet objections which were getting so powerful as to impel the withdrawal of the whole of the new pro- visions. There have been occasions on which Mr. BALFOUR'S leadership has hardly been a success, and he has been unable to give the House the direction which it had a right to expect. The Liberal party has been in a very difficult position, and the critics of Sir H. CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN'S leadership have not always taken into account the internal condition of the party and the danger of more robust tactics. Leading skeleton battalions into combat with a compact enemy is never a wise proceeding, and it is more than questionable that greater decision and vigour of attack would have contributed, to success. The Liberal peers have, of course, been unable to achieve anything, but they have been in harmony with the leaders in the Commons, and they have upheld a high standard of policy in all international affairs. Easter will find the Liberals in better spirits then they were when the session opened.

THE first impression re- The Indian Finance Commission. spccting the report of

the Royal Commission on Indian finance will be ono of satisfaction that no glaring defects have been discovered, and the second will probably he one of surprise that no striking remedies and reductions are suggested. It is said that the control is effective, and that no undue pressure results from the disproportionate strength of the military element in the Council. Unfortunately, there is no acceptance of the changes advised in the minority report,which would give more direct representative and actual con- trolling power to Indian members. The cost of ollecting revenue is not regarded as excessive, but the general accounts of revenue and expenditure should be made up to the end of the calendar year. The Mutiny Debt has been reduced consider- ably, but at the present rate it will require seventy years to pay it off. A famine reserve of a prmanent nature is recommended. The central questions to be considered refer to military charges, and here there are important changes advocated, though they are hardly as drastic as had been exee3ted. The loss on strate- gic railways should be transferred to military ex- penditure,in the opinif n of the majority, and as to the increase in the non-effective military charges, about which there has been so much debate in

Parliament, it is admitted that they areformi& able. Actuarial reports are suggested on this head as well as upon military pensions. Apportioning charges between India and the United Kingdom is met rather boldly. It is affirmed that £50,000 a year should be voted by Parliament towards the cost of the India Office, and half the cost of the military charges for Aden and the Persian MiE- sion, but that other arrangements should be con- tinued. It is not allowed that India suffers by the Short Service system under which some ultimate saving may be possible. Pensions are left unal- tered. A distinct uaderstanding ought to 13 arrived at between England and India as to the payment of Indian troops employed out Of India. A tribunal of arbitration has been sketched —the minority report favours the Privy Council as the proper body--but it can only be "one of medi- ation." The better plan would be to come to an understanding, and a basis is outlined for it which seems fair enough. The scope of the minute of regulation is as follows: India has a direct inter- est in the Suez Canal, in the Persian Gulf, in Afghanistan, and in Siam. She has a naodified interest in the East African coast and the African islands in the Indian Ocean, except Mada gascar. She has no "direct and substantial interest" ill Europe, in Af.ica West of the Cape of Good Hopay or in Asia east of China, or in the African coast south of Zanzibar. When the two Governments cannot agree no contribution should be made by India until ' the sanction of Parliament has been obtained. Nothing important ie advised respecting India's naval contribution— Generally speaking, the Royal Commissioners sug- gest for further guidance that there should be strict impartiality in financial arrangements, end watchfulness on the part of the House of Con.-. mons ; but that India, "as a component part GE the Empire, must be prepared to share in the cost of a system the expense of which may be enhanced for Imperial purposes." It is also thought that the United Kingdom might reasonably pay half the cost of the transport of troops to an.l from India. The actual financial relief to India that would result from these changes cannot be estimated, but it would be considerable, and perhaps amount to something under £200,000 a year. Whenever it ie proposed to make this addition to our home expen- diture, it is evident that keener interest than at present will be taken in Indian financial and mili- tary administration.

It is expected that during the coming summer the number of English tourists in Ireland will top the record. Whatever may be said to the con,. trary, the feeling excited by the war, which has been so manifest in the foreign Press, wili cause a decline this year in Continental touring, and even the attractions of the Exhibition, will fail to induce Britishers in any very great number to stay in Paris durng the four sweltering weeks in August which is the time when most people take their holidays. There will be many trips for a feW days across the Channel, and at Whitsuntide the gay city will be full, but later the visitors will be recruited more from America than from our own country. It is of course preposterous for anyone' to think that the French or any other nation would treat with discourtesy English travellers coming to spend money amoog them. But there' will be evervwhero, except in Italy,an undisguised criticism of British policy and British warfare in South Africa; and as no one can tell how long this war will last, and holiday arrangements are gener- ally made early,the inclination will be to avoid the chance of these comments. Political differences,of course, are still acute in Ireland, but the English tourists who go there and give and receive liespi• tality will do a good deal to soften them,following in remoter districts the example set by the Queen in Dublin.

Professor Huxley's ohservation about dirt being "matter in the wrong place" is being remembered at the present time, when refuse is being re- garded as a valuable asset. The dream of several corporations has been to utilise their collections of waste from the streets and houses as fuel for running dynamos to supply electric light. That has been realised in several towns, and the ashesr , dry vegetable stalks, and such things are in those places no longer thrown about the building grounds to make doubtful foundations where a dip occurs. But it appears that an ingenious persotle inspired,no doubt,by the action of the corporations has patented a plan to turn the ash dust and floor sweepings into easily portable fuel. His belief is, that it may be made, so far as it will go, a substi- tute for coal. He is anticipating that time tO which Mr. Courtney looks forward so gloomilYr when eur coal mines will b 3 exhausted, or near exhaustion, and our industries thereby paralysed. By the employment of neglected materials for heat-giving and by the increased use of electriciti for motor purposes this evil may be postponed.M a matter of fact, however, the diminution of cot is not likely to be seriously felt until another generation is well advanced ii. life, and so in anY action we take in this matter we are very kind to posterity.

There are bounds to even a footballer's libertf of action as several who were called upon to appeet at the Warrington Borough Police Court on Mon' day now know to their cost. They were rnemberg of the Seacon:ibe Swifts Football Club, but the height and front of their &lone° did not lie iø their swiftness, hut rather in their rowdyiere' Between the two there is, of course, a wide differ" once, and anyone inclined to reckon it from monetary standpoint would say, judging from the experience of the Seacombe men, that the differ; once is at least ten shillings. These ger,tlernen the jersey and knickerbockers from their Merse9; swept shore seem to have been overjoye" at the result of their encounter with the Warrington Association Club, and endeavoured to let the people of Warrington know of it during their passage through the quiet and orderlY thoroughfares of the "good old town "so notice- able on a Saturday night. They were, however, just a trifle too demonstrative. People wer,e jostled off the footpath to the strains of "She my sweetheart." This was too much for even e Warrin.wton policeman and as his remonstrance went 13;1-heeded, he was compelled to ask them te extend their stay and pay a visit to the unattrae" tive mansion in Irlarn-street. Monday last wi" nessed the sequel to this strange affair when some of the Swifts paid the penalty and returned hon3e sadder if not wiser men. Mr. F. Monks, the pre- siding ma,gistrate lot drop the remark that he wish all football cl&-ts were closed. On thie point there will be a difference of opinion, but ill their eftorts to maintaie order,the police will have the undivided support of all good citizens.

The price wh:ch War demands even of vollizr teers has been forcibly brought home to the inhabli tants of Warrington during the past few days. Lit week we had to record the death of one of lir% rington's sons at Capotown,who lost his life in tux service of his country. He volunteered for the vve:rt of tending the sick and wounded, but in the raiasr of his duties he IVR3 attacked by a malignant fees from which he succumbed, and he has fon, grave in South Africa. On Friday, intell • 4003 gence reached here of the death pneumonia of another Warrington V 70211130; teer —one of that fine body cf mon yve,° 0 we parted with but a short time time amid unhJunded enthugiasm. He was °a beard the Orcana when he breathed his last aniii itis probable that he was hen on his way Capetown to Durim.n. It is something of a s3c`ci flee to lose two such fine young men as Malkirl anto Blackwood arid we feel sure that their parel3io have the deepest sympathy of the towns/ )ople their irreparabie loss.

-- It is presruaabl e that the ratepayers of Wifi rington are usually interuted in the meeting°

===== 0002601_19000412_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19000412_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
th. 9 Tovg Buell entitled sonally Public'et !lot 'arc '9r th tlofl ai thE the pub !entath 14 the Very ge: Olin on , rates lei the poe and will !nay be 111 all tb

port thE 11? his 1 „me is Lleginae -4,ottler ?rilo wa It het I."Prts rtisout„

At R, Dresidit tatkiki 1111° V;P -"ould attitudi Ad° Well v.() Tr, ori tO Ziegi VaY, Sc Willa It • Ustic very w, aPPreci With ai

One Guardi for the the lux the " If 7, si they sh clf?irou 'ltends Or the

Virhih Reneral Vacoint R.Detteral they al Is° with the IP] ...urn RI Ilhat it "Pent the

===== 0002601_19000412_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
lithe Town Council, but the presumption that itch ja the case is as far as we are entitled to go by the evidence obtainable. Per- We have dafinite knowledge that the not_ largely Publication of the Council proceedings does increase the sale of the " Examiner " !o.r that particular week, and this is • NOMA indica- aft that there is no burning desire on the part of "ke public to see what has been done by its repre- IPeatatives. But at least once a year the interest 111 b the meeting of Councillors and Aldermen is very general and very real. That occasion is the °lle Oa which the Budget is presented and the ljtes levied for the ensuing twelve months. Here Packet of the ratepayer is directly affected, "Iht Where his pocket is concerned the ratepayer ?laY be relied upon to evince the liveliest interest in all that happens.

meeting of all meetings, from his point of 'ars• was held last week, and it was with some rehension that the man who paid the piper aWaited for the calling of the tune. Those grave .12 reverend seigneurs of the Town Council had ;Cu borrowina and spending thousands with tuicrning lavishness during the year just concluded, I°,hat was going to be the result? Yes, there itir Plenty of interest in the proceedings for the a Inblest of ratepayers! We ventured on a forecast tft Week that the rates would not be increased,and fo,Tigh prophesying is usually attended with un- anate results, we were justified in our specula- °n by the sequel. Instead of an increase, there an actual reduction of 2d in the £ on the Zeneral rates of the Borough, and the gratifying V 1121; °ll,llcement which was made by Alderman to—releugh will come as a relief to the I.,,,wilepeople, many of whom were inclined BWallow the promises of the Corporation Bill Salnoters cum grano salis. It certainly did seem Zeult to reconcile the contemplated vast expen- lire With an unaffected rate, but there is proof OWI that implicit confidence may be placed in the ,7,ea who have a right to it—the Aldermen and i....°llucillors who- give such valuable service the town, aad expedt no remunera- -13°4 beyond that confidence. Warrington is :II a well-managed town in most respects, Particularly with regard to financial affairs. iLword of praise is here due to the Borough ira,surer, whose foresight and acumen have done eilslcaNte bring about the desirable state of things for Closed at the meeting. There was cause One regret, and that was occasioned by aence of the respected chairman of the ‘,--`uct3 Committee' Counciller Shaw. Green. eryubo.3_ y will be glad when his health permits 04131 "° resume duty and lay his chastening hand treec4nraittees which have a tendency to spend " and ask permission afterwards.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] Pro pot. In the seat, of war, we near tha lamentable re- i.",tha.t another one of Euncorn's eons has given tivr.:4l3 life in the cause of Bmpire. The victim this Ite"2 is young J. Banbary,of the let East Lancashire al,o6t,naent• Much sympathy ia felt for the aged ,411 ier left to mourn his loss.—Private W. Spencer Was reported mis,ing, some few weeks ago,has St , "08n heard from. He is now at Pretoria, and 'n'rtS himself progressing favourably, though a 44180ner.

At 'D hi • x•oncorrn Sessions on Monday, Mr. Thomas (the rread tantinill magistrate) indulged in 80019 "straight who -7, When he told the parents of some bays to, were birched for gtealing coal, what to expect, „Zo, old it ever be brought home to them that the :‘,l,l.ldre a were being trained to steal. Phi; is an iltitude the Runcorn Bench of Magistrates would Well to maintain; for, severity at the outset will ti() ta„, to ',re to eliminate the tendency of foroe parents .w.neglect their offNpring's morality—which by the somstiraes nearly reaches connivance—than Hi 'Will 'a COUrSe of what we sometimes describe as veJaBties t4napered with mercy.' 'rah latter is all rY well, but there are some people who do not 7,P.tEn and t. reciate it.and the more drastically they are dealt he better

GuardianP One is Th.i --- nea.rd to se that the Runcorn Board of 8 ' - Prcgres‘iye in the matter of catering for the needs of the aged thheel„uxuries already pcoviled, vice Mr. T. Darlington cat-Ni-the-hearth "is to he added to the list. th 1' says he "itis a cornfor, to the aged people ii-eY shall have one." The friends of stray kittens mis„airous of securing a fat crib for their feline ;Nilds should therefore make instant application 'or the consideration of their claims at Dutton.

Whilst medical officers and vaccination officers, t,enerally, are praising the working of the New .fteeination Order, Boards of Guardians are as tiloral in deploring the cost of the operation. The ti:ftrd at Duttln is no exception, and every time eY are called upon to" face tee music" they do 'CI; with a bad grace. The figures given this week as fiNarterly cost of the vaccination for the Run- vhll.. jtural District farm an interesting and some- imposing array, but then it is money well Ca,t, Provided. of course, there i§ anlthing at all 144 e " creed of vaccination."

Th• •••••••••• • ("Is not, however, the subject under discus- /441; f the h av, what I particularly wish to point out is ueuefit, the public derive from the newaystem, b,ared with the old. Those who have faced the zaqgled gathering of wiggling mothers with cAti9liag kiddies of all sizes, conditions and des- pcni)„4,°7l9. in a vaccination surgery on the all thre't";ftv " Mother's Day," and have seen the sights alcn: have, know the benefit from that standpoint 80 I need not go further into detail. Thera tho 'Wevar. another side, and that is the fact that inurtedical inoculators have to see to the sanitary iloo other surroundings of the homes they are called gimlet° operate in, and thus an extra—and fully opp "Led—anitiry inspecnr, so to speak, has an RoZtuttity.of supervising to the end of the public

The the 'Y Ones and Runcorn Bridge 8111 occupied bri• Ilttention of the District Council for a few a„..nd Mr Linaker de be with the toile to ,e elsepr,. us seemed to point out—though not. very bri„fr:Y in some pe,ople's way of thinking—that the --enNveuld be useless to Cheshire Agriculturalists ehar7.:"lu charges were made. Personally, the thef,,Keil do not seem worthy of the time ep9nt upon the— cunsideration,for such things are regulatedb ' y 13ridn„ 1( "78 of supply and demand. If the te were a monopoly, there might be some- thl-g. ,to say about the exorbitance of koeer,uoll to be exacted; but, it won't be a eo -,.,13°117. and as has been pointed out at the Ruti- urban District Council the question of tolls eau7iileßulete itself. Like the Italian vendor of ilj'f,` Wares, the Transporter Bridge Company tai2ss 11e down in price before they'll do without ef h-au'. Taking even Mr. IJ:flatter's extreme view thi!--;„' 'matter, that the charges are entirely out of to eeeation ; " it simply illustrates. that ,being so, —"RE/them would not be in the fitness of things. The Good ;Templary. tleu. tuonthly 89S8ion of the 1.0.03. No. 1 Conveti- ?„,Dere,t°llth West Lancashire. was held in the Co- Wargrave-road, Earlestown on ?vet all% Bro G Clarke C CT ( Eeriest° wn) presided 4rOtriivoc°o4 muster of representatives and visitors 'Perim," 4rrington, Earlestown, St. Helens and the tooln,-1: Parts of the area. The press and credential rra -Ztees were first anpointed, after which Bro A C Sec (St. Helens) read his monthly report, t 1 ho that excellent work was being done litlat the area. Good reports, which were to`6,, were also given by the visiting deputies. uevii„`";ce road a letter from Bro Sergeant-MA:lot Ythiei,"' 'At, South Lancashire, from Pieter's Hill, 'll ;RLave a vivid description of the engagements Ndr,;eu the" Fighting Fortieth" had been enzaged. eyff,;BB,,eB were delivered on the work of the Order kite Trances. East awl Mid-Cheshire, arid Bro T ehir,l,9 0 T, No I Convention, South-east Lance- gave the fraternal greetings of their re- fratn I.l)ve districts. Bro Clarke then read a letter Deep 't° Musk, P G Ntarshall, Manchester, on Lord Lice: Ininority report ol the Royal Commission on elatiti:idllZ, and Bro Ilawle contributed a paper, 11.,11114e-1,- an v Principle," hearing on the same `",...vote of sympathy was ordered to be sent Or hi; " D C T (Warringten),on the death that* irhfe• The meeting concluded with votes of burine to the visitors and Vie Marlestown members. half the afternoon, a collectiart was made on be- the 4War Lemonada Fund," and realised Dresid AA Public meeting V7A3 Athsequently held, Riven le)'-‘ bever by Bra cickA, and OdreSSeq were Urea 4"r" M Hay,D Treasnrar (Livarpooll,and tam* PDC T (Aanche,ster), and songs, & by era and friends.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000412_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SUCCESS OF MR. G. Le.ws.

On Saturday, Mr. George Laws, son of Mr. John Laws, of Widnes, was successful, out of 122 candi- dates, for the post of assiatant sanitary inspector for Eccles, near Manchester. The honour was alto- gether unexpected, and the news caused much pleasure amongst his friends. He is only nineteen years of age. MERSIIY MISSION TO Swi. The weekly concert was given in th„ Seamen's Institute by the young people connected With the mis4on on Friday evening The programme was a repatition of the concert which was given a week previously, and was much enjoyed by a large num- ber of sailors and friends. The concert was the last of the season. and Mr. Shaw, during a short speech, said he was pleased to see that the entertainments had all been so well attended.

---..- STREET ACCIDENT. -A. CONTRACTOR THROWN OUT

OF HIS TRAP,

About quarter past ten, on Wednesday morning, as Mr W a Moores, contractor, Runcorn, was pro- ceeding up High-street, in his trap, from some un- accountable reason the horss walked over a box be- fore a tradesman's shopmear to Ilazlehurst's Soapery with the result that Mr Moores was thrown out of the trap, under the horse's feet. Luckily,the horse was brought under control,aud Mr Moores extricated from his predicament, escaping with but slight bruises.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED AT PAIL.

At the Runcorn- Police Court, on Friday, before Mr J Ockleston, James Armstrong, sailor, was charged with assaulting a woman at Par, Cornwall, on the 2lth March. The prisoner was apprehended on board the steamer Norman, at Runcorn Docks, on Wednesday evening, by Sergeant Gregory and P.C. Bowyer. The magistrates remanded the prisoner until the arrival of an escort. .fle was sub- sequently handed over to Inspector Kittow of the Cornwall police. DA.IIA.GE TO RUNCORN BOUND VESSELS. On Friday evening last,the Ship Canal Company's Hopper, No. 1, was towing a couple of vessels to Runcorn. As they entered the Bastham Lock, the foremost vessel collided violently with the lock wall, her bowsprit being carried away and her bows considerably damaged. With being brought up so suddenly, the second vessel also collided with her stern, and caused further damage to the bulwarks on that quarter. The vessels which were the "Selina" and "David Rees" were eventually towed to Runcorn without further mishap. The damage to the "Selina" is estimated at about £lOO.

DEATH OF AN OLD INHABITANT. Intelligence reached Runcorn on Monday, of the death of Mrs. Jane Hardcastle, relict of the late Mr. William Hardcastle, of 10, Waterloo-road Mrs. Hardcastle left Runcorn some few years ego to go and reside with her son at the Endowed Schools, Sawbridgewerth, Herts. She had but a short illness. Taking ill on the previous Monday she rallied a little on Tuesday and Wednesday. On Thursday evening pleurisy set in,and despite all that medical aid could do for her she succumbed on the follow- ing Saturday night. The news has come as a great shock to her Runcorn friends. The funeral took place on Tuesday last. THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR AT THE PUBLIC HALL. We would call our readers' attention to the fact that Mr. A. Cheetham, of Rhyl, pays a visit to the Public Hall with the " Silvograpn." The instru- ment is a vary remarkable one, and the "living pic- tures " thrown on the screen by it are life-like and perfect. The subject to be dealt with is the Trans- vaal War, and new film+ direct from the seat of war will be exhibited, including the Modder River Battle. Lancers fording the river, General Buller embarking, the 47 gun in action, charge of the 12th Lancers, the capture of a maxim gun, and many others, Mr. W Roselle will also appear in " Flashes of Fan," and Madame Rose Garton, a vocalist of no mean power, will also contribute to the evening's entertainment. FIRE AT RUNCORN LAY-BY.

About 630 7n—Saturday evening a fire' broke out in the hold of the sailing vessel, Castle Reck, lying in the Ship Canal at Runcorn Lay-by. It seems that the vessel arrived at the Docks on Friday,from San Francisco, with a large cargo of wheat. About 6.30 p.m., on Saturday there was a considerable number of the crew on deck, and one of the men accident- ally threw a lighted match into the held. This ignited a bag ot wheat, and the flames were spread- ing when the crew, finding what had occurred, promptly smothered the fire. Three bags of wheat were destroyed their value being 7e each. The cargo was insured. CANON WOOD AND IRREVERENCE IN CHURCII. In the current number of the Parish Magazine" the Vicar makes the following pertinent ratnarks "Reports are rife of irreverent behaviour on the nart of grown girls on Sunday evenings at the Parish Church. I trust that members of the con- gregation will have the moral courage to interfere or call the attention of the church officers; and it is well that such offenders should know,if their own sense of right and wrong is asleep, that the law is severe against disturbers of divine worship, and will, it necessary, be put in force. I shall be grate- ful to anyone wko will send me the name of an offender, in order that if words of kindness will not serve, other means may be tried for the protection of the worshippers." A Bo Y DECAPITATED AT WIDNEB.

On Sunday night a terrible fatality occurred at Widnes. A boy named William Robert Smith. aged four years, a son of Thomas Henry Smith, chemical labourer, residing at 15, Warrington-road, Widnes, went to play on some waste land at the front of his home. He was seen to go to the railway siding be- longing to the London and North-Western Railway Company, which is about 300 yards distant from his father's house at the rear of Dennis's copperworks with a number of other boys. There were on the siding four waggons, which were stationary, and de- ceased was observed to be running round the wag- gons. Someone touched the brakes, and the trut:lcs began to rush down the incline. At the time the deceased was under the waggons and someone shouted to him to lie down. A. b3V named Forster saw the deceased lying on the rails between two waggon wheels. His head was cut off. The other bovi ran away, and Forster told a man named Bos • cow what had happened. Boscow went to the sid- ing and found the deceased with his head in the four-feet. He pulled the body away and discovered that the head was almost severed from the body, it only hanging by a piece of skin. He removed the deceased to his late home.

T-11- It- LATE COLOUR-SERGEANT JOHN WHITEHEAD.

The following reference ta Colour-Sergeant J. Whitehead, of the 2nd Battalion Royal Lancashire Regiment, who lied of wounds received in action at Railway Hill, near Colenso, on the 27th February, appears in the current issue of the •' Runcorn Parish Ntegazine :—" He was an old scholar of the Parish Church Day and Sunday Schools,and many of those now connected with our church, and who remember Jack Whitehead as a lad at school and had a strong affection for him, received the news of his death with much sorrow. He was every inch a soldier, brave, strong, self-reliant; and his manner of life told that he had not only learned the soldier's lesson of strict discipline, but had applied it to his own charactei. He wrote to a Runcorn friend shortly after the battle of Scion Kop, in which he was engaged, full of hope as to the issue of the efforts being made for the relief of those in Ladysmith,and only a few hours before their realization Jack died the soldier's death. Hoch sympathy is felt for his brother William (also an old scholar of ours), who was fighting almost side by side with him, and for others of his relatives and friends,"

RUNCORN iIARRITIRS.

Saturday last Saw the close of the cross-country season in this district. The Runcorn Harriers finished with aSi miles road handicap from the Bull's Head. Out OF an entry of 27, 14 started. The route slightly exceeded the distance for which the handicap was framed, but the race nevertheless was an interesting one, and reflects great credit on the handicappers. The route selected was to the RAd Lion at Moore and back again. The starts conceded by the scratch man were upwards of eight minutes. As was generally expected, Thomas took up the running on the outward jaurney with Hookins,RaV and Goodall closely follevving, the pace being a hot one throughout. The finish was not over exciting, Ray winning by 159 yards, having covered the dis- tance in 52 min.. off 10 sees. Thomas wes second. having covered the distance in 52 mins , 50 sec., off scratch : Goodall third, finishing the distance in 53 mini., 55 sees. off 15 secs. Hopkins won the conso- lation prize, off 20 secs. S Shallcroes won the novice medal, off six minutes The handicap throughout was a success, and reflects great credit on Ur '2 Richardson, who had the working of the com- petition. and who has done so much during the V4S; season to bring this claes of sport forward. The first prize was given by Mr Luxton, the second prize by Mr Hough. and the ether prizes by sulwritetions from,oe following q.ntlemen:—J Levatt..T Dutton, 1' Richardson, H Friend, F Lamb, it Ray, T Faulkner, E Broder, A Gee, W Knight, J Kogerson, and others.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NNE'

===== 0002601_19000412_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, THURSDAY,_ APRIL 12, 1900.

1 NEW RATE FOR WESTON. J. Ockleston and S. Taylor sanctioned a now rate for the township of Weston, of is 2d in tae tu realise X 638 43 21, at an occasional court held in Runcorn on Friday morning last. DRUNKEN FISH HAWKERS FINED AT RUNC9RN. Thomas and Catherine Palin,flsh hawkers,ef Run- corn, for being drunk and incapable in Princess St. on the sth inst ,were fined by Messrs. Ockleston and Taylor, on Friday morning, 103 each. Defendants who were given an alternative of seven days paid I the money.

DEATH OF MR. JAMES 1.4/PDY. The older tradespeople of Runcorn who remem- bered Mr. James Liddy, when he kept a musical store in High-street, Runcorn, will hear with regret of his death which took place at Longsight, Man- chester, on Friday night last, at the advanced age of 76 years. For many years past Mr. Liddy has been living in Manchester, and carrying on his pro- fession as piano tuner, &c.,; prior to that he carried on business in Runcorn and Southport as an exten- sive musical dealer.—The funeral took place on Monday last. RINCORN WESLEYAN FORRIGN MISSIONS. An interim meeting was held in Brunswick Sun- day School, on Sunday afternoon last, presided over by one of the teachers.(who fulfil the duty in rotation), Mr John H Darlington. There was a very good attennance, some members of St. Paul's con- gregation being present. Twe excellent addresses were delivered by Mr J Hayes and the Rev J A B Malvern.The report read by one of the school seen- taries,Mr Unsworth,showed that during the past Ave months £32 153 41 had been raised, made up as follows :—Collected in classes, £lO 6361 ; collected by scholars with books £l9 2s 2d •, collected at the meeting, .£3 53 8d; total £32 153 4d. RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. The monthly meeting of the Board was held on Thursday evening last week, the Rev. Canon Mait- land Wood (chairman) presiding. There were also present :—Rev J Chambers, Messrs. E Imison, F J Norman, W J Cunningham,J Pritchard,W Handley, J Littler, J IV Lightburn (clerk), and A L'ghtburn (assistant clerk).—The estimates of expenditure for the half year ending September were submitted, and it' was decided to issue a precept on the over- seers for £l,OOO to meet the same.—The Clerk sub- mitted the financial statement for the halt year end- ing March 25th, and the same was approved.—The Clerk read a letter from the Association of School Boards, forwarding a memorandum with reference to the new Code, and requesting that the Board should immediately use its influence with the mem- bers of Parliament in their locality to secure the postponement of the new regulations for at least twelve moeths. During some discussion the Chair- man (Canon Wood) pointed out that Mr. Balfour had promised that a memorandum should be issued and that the Code would be discussed in Parliament. It was ultimately decided, • on the motion of Mr Handley, seconded by Mr. Norman, that no action be taken until the promised memorandum was issued, when a special meeting of the Board would be called.

Mr. Woodward said he quite agreed with Mr. Linaker and perhaps the standing order had been transgressed. He, however, was not pres3nt at that meeting. It was a nice distinction.

Mr. Stokes: That being so the resolution would not stand.

• The Clerk said be was of opinion everything was in order. At the previous meeting the committee was appointed to consider the surveyors' salaries, and the question of a steam roller, and to report upon both at the next =citing. It also appeared on the agendas sent round that the committee would repert upon those sub- jeeZa to the Cenncil.Of course,it might have been lx.tter, nad there been a fuller setting out of the facts, and if the Council thought proper he would take it as an in- struction to issue fuller details upon the next occasion. He did net, for a moment, hold the opinion that the resolutions were void. After some further discussion the matter was left on the above understanding.

THE EXPENSES OF POOl2 LAW CONFERENCES. •In tho absence of Mr. Talbact, Mr. Linaker said he would be pleased to receive any information on his behalf regarding the question asked at the last meeting of the Council.

The Clerk then submitted the following statement with respect to attendance of delegates at conferences:— " Congress of Sanitary Institute at Southampton on 30th August, 1899. Delegates, Messrs J Knowles, A Wood- ward, G F Ashton (clerk) ; cost £lB 2s. 81.—North Western Poor Law Conference at Minchester ea 2701 and 28th October, 1899. Delegates : Messrs A R Norma% CI Pilling, W Bradford, and G F Ashton (clerk) cost £8 4s. 61. The following also attended at their own ex- pense :—Messrs J Moseley-Williarne. S Woodward, T Wright, Joseph KnowVs and T Darlington. Mr. Linaker added teat the statement .aopeared to be satisfactory. He did not ask the question with any desire to be unduly critical. It was all the result of a conversation between Mr. Talbott and himself, in which Mr. Talbott asked him what was the cost of the deputa- tions to the various conferences. He had intimated that he would ask for the information but Mr. Talbott °bozo rather to ask himself. It used to be the custom, at one time that when a deputation presented its report on any matter it Was always put at the foot of the.report the costs of the deputation, and he would move that its future that practice be again reverted to. He was quite ,satisfiPd ;with his answer, and only wanted to see whether the game was worth the candle, Mr. Wright, thinking it right and proper that the Council should know the actual expense at the time, seconded Mr. Linaker, and the proposition was un- animously agreed to.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The mull fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. Present : Messrs. J Moseley Williams, (chairman) ; S Taylor, J Meadowcroft, T Reynolds. Dr. Gastaldi, with the Rural District Councillors, Mr. George F Ashton (clerk), Mr W E Hough (assistant clerk), and LMr. Joseph Cunnah (master). "BEING CP THE CHILD IN THE WAY IT SHOULD GO." The Clerk read a circular from the Board of Education calling the attention of managers of elementary scheols situate in agricultural districts to the importance of making the e location in the village school more con- sonant with the environment of the schalars than was usually the case.—The natural activities of children should be turned to useful account—their hands should be trained to some of the practical &Verities .of rural life, and not merely to the use of pen and pencil, and that they should be taught when circumstances per- mitted Low to hamdle the simpler tools that were used on the garden or farm. The matter was submitted to the Parliamentary Com- mittee to report.

THN POOR LAW CONFERENCE.

The Chairman submitted the report of the delegates appoiated to attend the Poor Law Conference held at London,on the 29th and 30th of March last. The report was a brief summary of the work accomplished by the Conference. Having referred to the beneficial education delegate; attending the Conferences received in poor law administratien, Mr. Williams proposed that copies of the reports of the Conference be obtained and given to every member of the Board.

Mr. T. Darlington, who stated that tbe visit to the Conference had been new and instructive to him, added there was a great deal to be iearnt, and he felt that every Guardian should have a cooy of the proceedings. He did not go so far as to say they were" all-perfect " in Runcorn Workhouse, but he could say, as A constquence of what he had heard, that the Runcorn Workhouse would compare favourably with other workhouses in the country. (Hear. bear.) He bad been round the house that day, and had noticed almost all the comforts referred to in a very able paper submitted at the Conference by a lady delegate. There was, however, one thing he notized as missing. That was the " cat on the hearth,"—(laughter)—but if the cat was a comrort in any shape to the old people they should have one, (Increased laughter.) He semded the chairman's proposition. The resolution was put, and carried. THII DOCTORS AND TRH VACCINATION ORDER.

The Chairman reported on behalf of the Parliamentar, Committee that the principal subject under discussion was the vaccination question. The Committee had all the vaccinating medical officers of the Uaion present and representel to them that the cost of the new Vaccination Order was weigning heavily upon this as upon other Unions, inasmuch as it had cost the Runcorn Union four times as much as under the old arrangement. The medical gentlemen were asked whether they would minimise their fees in any way, but they seemed to be unwilling to do so. There was only one thing that could be done. He would explain first that the present arrangement with the doctors was for a fee of 53 for every Successful vaccination within% mile radial, and beyond that an errs 21. 64. Mr. Williams further explained. how the doctors had represented, in some cases they had as much as Tor 8 miles to go to visit the house of a patient and tame all the articles necessary for the vaccination with them. Also each case entailed two visits at the least ; one to perform the ooeration, and one to see whether it had been successful; though in many instances as many as half a dozen visits bad to be made before a succeesful vacoinetion wile brought about. In the case of Dr. Burton (Frodshatn), he had to go to Norton, a distance of sar six miles, Always ton or three visit 3 had to be mademmetimee on acccuat of the child being sick, and sometimes from other causes. Dr. McDouga.ll's district was, of course, not so scattered. The Drs. also explained that they had to give a great deal of attention to the sanitary canditions of the houses and surround- ings of the children about to be vaccioated,and various other &APIs were imposed upon them by the require- ment iof the new order, and finally they renresentei they wenld like te go back to the old state of things. (Applause) Mr Linak.r QaPstion —(leughter).—l don't think 1 they would. (Increased lauelrer.) Mr. Mwelev Williams : Well that is What they state. (Renewed laughter). In concluding Mr. Williams inti- mated the committee were of opinion that the tmet and only thing to do was to continue the existing arrange- ment :-73 6i for the oltsiie fee, and 5s for the inner radius. _ _ _

Dr. Ggetaltii : Is it the maTimum or minimum fee?

;The Chairman: It is the minimum. You will re- member we took action in consort with a number of other unions we consulted and tok the lowest list of fees which we found were Ming allowed. It is practically the minimum. _ _

—„ ....... Mr. Wood ward seconded the proposition from the rhai that the report he adopted. The proposal was unanlm ousts' consented to.

THE FINANCII.-DOCTORS' BILLS.

M. S Wry;award submitted the financial stateunent, from whi,ol it was seen :—Ont-relief was eranted ; Run- corn, £35 ; Frodsham, £25; Budworth, £24. The quarter's bill for the maintenance of lunatios at the County Asylum WAS £309 7s id The vaccination bills were as follows: Dr McDougall. 25 at 1s 6 i ; 80 at 14 6d (not on p,evious list) ; 83 successful vaccineins nt 51 ; and 6at 74 61; total, £3O 19s. Dr Burton, 2. at la 61; 23 at is 61 (not previously ente,-01) • successful vaccina- tions, 14 at 54 ; total, £l6 15i 6.1. Dr Bower. 21 at is 61 ; 3at IrBd (.at nrsviously entered) ; suc3essful yacrinatiena. 13 at 74 61 ; total. £6 131 I.—Mr Cook's vaccir.tion fces am .unted to £lO lOs 8 1 ; Mr Riley's to £4 4g 7d; and Mr De Frees to £3 Us 81. Mr. S. Taylor asked whether all the calls had been paid P Mr. Woe,lwar3 renlind in the affirmative. Mr. T. Wricht then eeennried ti" adlntinn of the financial statement as preseMed by Mr. Woodward. This was agreed to.

TO THII DIRAY.—A gentleman who eurai hlrnself 0 Deafness and Noises in the Heag after fourteen Tears suffering will gladly send full particulars ot the remedy, on receipt of etas:tined addressed envelope.—P. CLIFTON. Amberle House, Strand, London, W.C.-4dvt.

To MoTifirll9.—Nfre. Winslow's Soothing', Syrup has been need for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething. with perfect sums. It will relieve the. noorsufferer immediately It is ples4aut to imte ; an.l produces naturd nniAt steep, oy relieving the child from pain and the Mit ohernb awakes " as bright as a batton."Of all Chemists is lid per bottle.—A.dvt.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMETF OF MEDICAL OFFICER

The Local Government lEiJard wrote sanctioning the re-appointnrna of Dr. Maras as officer of health from the 26th larch, 1900, to the 25th March, 1901,at a salary of £l5O pr annum.

BETTER ROADS RIEQUIRRD.

Mr. T. Baxter moved the aloption of the Highway Committee's report. The estimates, which were sub- mitted to the Council at the last meeting, had been very fully considered. They compared favourably with other estimates. It was found that there was -a little addition to the cost of maintenance of the roads which the surveyors explained was due to the public requirements necessitating better roads. With respect to improvements the Com- mittea did not recommend the passing of any improve- ments until the Committee which atederto3k the duty visited both districts and saw wtether they were really necessary. In other respects the estimates were very much on a par with what they were last year. The sub-committee aopeinted to do the visiting consisted of Messrs Limiter, Baawles, Bradford, Darlington, Lewis, and Baxter.

Mr Linaker secure d the adoption of the report,which was agreed to.

TEP3 WIDNES AND RUNCORN BRUME. Mr. Linaker eunmated the Committee's ropert upon the above and again c Wed atten'ion to the sehedule of tol:s proposed as the maximum figure to be charged for the use of the Transporter Bridge. Having cenapared them with the actual tolls charged at Walla.ea, he con- tended that even if the Wallasea basis was taken the fignres would ro.ruFr the Bridge useless to Cheshire Agriculturalists. Eie moved that the Council get the echedule of tolls revised with a view to making the Transporter Bridge really of Use to agriculturalists.. Mr. Stokes and Mr. Chadwick also crisiclsed the tolls as not being as advantageous as the railway freight rates. It was unanimously resolved ta put Mr. Liaaker's metion into effect.

The Clark, la ans7rer t 4 further questions, said the Bill had not yet come befor3 H luso of Lords for first reading:, and as it was not likely to come before that House until after E tater, there would ba plenty of time to petition._

===== 0002601_19000412_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A MURDER CONFESSED AT RUNCORN, PRISONER REMANDED.

Before Mr. W TirataiaB, at; the Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday morning, George Thornton, alias Herne,:wai charged with on the 15th of April, 18S13, then being a eubj-ct of our Lady .•:overign the Queen, on land out of the United Kingdom, he did wilfully, unlawfully and with intent kill and murder one George Gorman, alias Black.--Sergeant Gill, divisional clerk at Runcorn, swat.° that on the precious day the prisoner presented himself at the office, about 11 o'clock. He then appeared to have had some drink, and was detained. He took down. in writing the following statement made by the prisoner, who was a private in the akh Regiment. "In April, 18?6, 1 was stationed at Fozepol East Indies, when 1 quarrelled with a private in the same regiment. named Black. He called me a bastard as I came out of the canteen. We fought between the canteen and the quartermaster's stores. I knocked him down, He lay on the ground uncon- scious. Whilst he lay on the ground I robbed him of 50 roupees which I afterwards hid for a time. I spent the money afterwards. I picked him up and threw him down a well which is between the can- teen and the quartermaster's stores. His body was foetid next flay in the well and was taken out. An inquest was held and an open verdict returned This man was nicknamed Black but his proper name was George Gorman. Before signing this Paper it was read over to me in the presence of Superintendent, D Pearson, who cautioned me that it might be used:in evidence against me." Prisoner also made a subsequent statement partly exonerat- ing himself.—Supetiotsnient D Pearson asked for a remand to the 19 so that inquiries could be made.—Prisoner said he had been drinking, and as he was a great sufferer from liver complaint he said anything when in drink. Such a crime had , been committed and he was one of three suspected of it, so he might have had it on his mind.—The , Magistrate: You will be remanded for eight days.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ACTION BY A WARRINGTON FIRM

A Bedstead Transaction.

In the Quoen',4 Bench Division togfr,re. Mr. Justice Grantham on Tnesiay, the ca sq of Minks, Hall and Clmnany, Limited, of Warriaeon, and M. Ge2man and M. Pinsky,trading as the Universal Furnishinz Company _ _ . . . .

Commarcia..l-road; London, against PlopTeton and Appleby and George G. Poppleten, of Birmingham, was heard. M. W. B. Ffrall aopeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Montague Lush for the defendants. The *lea in this case were shortly as follows : In October. 1898 the plalotiff4. Monk; Hall and Company, Limited. bedstead manufaceirere, received ' orders from the plaintiffs, Gelman end Pinsky for goods amounting to £57 174 9d The goods were consigned to the firm who did not receive them they being at the time unable to pay their debts and Monks Hall and Company being one of their creditors for goods previously supplied. After a me-ting of creditors on November 4 the firm executed a deed of asaignmene to which the company were parties to the defendant, Poppleton, of the firm of Poppleton and Appleby. acanuatants. By the terms of the deed Gosmen and Pinsky were to carry on their bueinesi subject to the approval and control of the trus- tee and committee of inspeetion, until they made de- fault or failed to carry on the business to their satisfac- tion, in whieh (vent the trustee Was to hold the estate and effecte on trust, to sell them and apply the proceeds as in the deed mentioned. The deed Was dated Novem- ber 9. A few days after, the goods previously ordered were delivered to the firm on credit, and on December 19, the defendants acting on a resolution passed by the committee of Inspection end with the consent of Gosrnan and Pinsky seized and geld the goods. The cpestion was whether the defendants were parennally liable to the Cempany for the fu'l nth(' of the goods, er whether the Company could only look to Gostnan and Pinsky for payment. Mr. Montague leaoh nonteneed that es the property in the goods had peFsed to Gosman and Pinsky, Monks Hall and Company could net sue in cneversion. The only gnestion in issue was whether the trustee could be , liana as prineinel and the case ef Easterbrook V. Barker f showed it could not he. - -

Lordshio held that there was nothing in the deed to sho,r that Go7mal awl Pinsky were Carrying on bu,inese flr the trustee and gave judgment for the de- fendants with costs.

Warrington Markets. At thA Warring,ton Corn Nlarket on Wednesdav wheat (white) fetched 4s (70Ib to the bushel); red wheat 3s lid ; oats, 23 51; flour (best seconds) per 21011' , 193; bran, ls Per 201 b. At the Provision Market prices were as follow!:—Fresh butter, is 2d and Is 34 per lb ; fresh egzs. 13 for Is ; cheese 8a and ; fowls, 4s 61 to 54 61 per couple ; English beef, 6.1 to 91-1 ; mutton rd to 10d; lamb, is; veal, I , id to 10(1; pork 6d to 8.3-d.

NEW TUPTEI nvotwz, with 81n. tn-1 fr.e whFe J. S. GARLAND, Cycle Factors, Bril;e-st. Warrlngton.

WANTED One or ttN. respectable as Apprentices far shop and bakohouse.—Apply MiSs RICHLRDSoN, 58, Pishergate. Preston.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DIS- TRICT COUNCIL.

The annual fortnightly meeting of the above Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. There were present: Messrs. J. Knowles (chairman), S Woodward, J Moseley Williams, T Darlington, C E Linsker, T Baxter, J Stokes, J B Chadwick, T Wright, P Gleave, T Lewis, J Spruce, C Roylance, E Bretherton, W Brad- ford, J Mounfield, with George F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assistant clerk), W Diggie and J Swinton (sur- veyors), James Farrington (inspector) and D J Adams (medical officer). HELSBY SEWAGE PURIFICATION WORKS. THE QUESTION OF SITE. At a meeting of the Parish Conned Committee held in the National Schools, Helsby, on Monday, the 2ad inst., Mr. James Taylor presiding, the Chi k reported that in accordance with instructions given at the last meeting he had been in communication with the owners of the tsiece of land which the Council wished to purchase for a site for sewerage purification works, and that he had received a reply from the owner that he did not wish to sell. The owner of the piece of land which the com- mittee wished to purchase for a pumping station wrote stating that he would sella piece of land at the rate of £l5O per acre. He further reported he had consulted the Surveyor as to another suitable site for a purifidation works and that the Surveyor had recommended a piece of land in Alvanley. It was resolved that the consider- ation of the question be deferred until more definite re- plies have been received. It was resolved diet the sum of £l5 be paid to the Clerk for his services to the com- mittee. These minutes were confirmed on the motion of Mr. C. E. Linaker. FRODSHAM KNOWS WHAT IT REQUIRES. The Local Government Board forwarded two copies of an order they had issued investing the Rural District Council of Runcorn with certain urban powers as regards the contributory place of Frodsham Township in their district, and declaring the expenses incurred by the Council in the exscution of those powers to be special expenses. The Clerk asked for instructions to publish the order, as according to its terms it had to be published before the 17th inst. Mr. Linaker moved that the Clerk be instructed to advertise the order in some local paper at once. Wtsilst upon his feet he also took the opportunity of pointing out that Mr. Dansey was not right in his prediction that the order had not been granted without a local inquiry being held. Also that Mr. Edwards was wrong when he had implied that the Frodsham pocomittel did not know what they wanted, for it was now clearly shown that the Frodsham Committee were understood by the Local Government Board, and that was ad they .required. The motion was seconded and unanimously agreed to. THE POLLUTION OF HATT3N BRoiK. Mr John Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk, of Warringten„ wrote enquiring what s'!eps s the Rural District Ceuncil had determined to take to put a stop to the pellutien of Hatton Brook. The Corporation had now agreed with Sir Gilbert Greenall as to the position of the proposed reservoir at tDaresbury: It occurred to him (the Town Clerk), that it would facilitate matters if the clerk and surveyor were to meet the water engineer and himself to discuss the matter. Mr. Ashton explained that as a result of that letter the eurveyor and himself and the town clerk had met and conferred on the matter. When the Warrington Corpor- ation Act of 1823 was being passed} it was asked that a clause should be inserted to protect this Council if the works of the Corporation should in any way interfere with the outfalls of the Corporation. At that time, too, the clause so far as the making of the rtiservoir near 'gotten was concerned was struck out of the Bill ; there- fore, such a clause as they found in the Bill would not in any way help the Council as against the Corporation. Now he understood the Corporation weremaking arrange- ment with the landlord for the construction of the , reservoir. At the interview with Mr. Whittle the point was mentioned to him and he said so far as the reservoir was concerned, whether it was ever constructed or not, they kthe Corporation) would take action to compel the Council to take the sewage contamination out of the brook as it interfered with their present working. He then put it to him with regard to the cost of any under- taking, and Mr. Whittle said that if the Connell got out a scheme for taking the sewage out of the brook and submitted it to the Corporation, if approved of, he felt quite confident that the Corporation would help them to a very material extent with the costa of the laying of the pipes from the brook to where it would ultimately fall. Subsequently on the motion of Mr. T Darlington, seconded by Mr. S Woodward, it was decided that the matter be left to the Highway Sub-Committee, together with the Clerk and Surveyor,to report upon when taking their annual round of inspection, and also that the Clerk acd Surveyor of the Warrington Corporation he invited to meet the Council's representatives on the spot. ILLNESS IN AND ABOHT LATCHFORD, A SERIOUS CASE. The Clerk read the following letter :—Gramendale, Fairfield-road. Latchford, Warrington March Mb, 1900. Dear Sir :—With reference to the notice of your last meeting as published in the paper—l do not know whether or not you are cognizant of the fact that there has been serious illness in the houses near mine. There have been two serious cases of diphtheria,and I regret to say that I have lost my son through this. The sickness has without doubt arisen through bad sanitation, cries pools &c. lam informed by Dr. Smith that be reported my ease to your Medical Officer, Dr. Adam, but up to time of writing he has not been near my premises. This, I presume is not an isolated case, judging from the strong remarks made at your last meeting when re-appointing the Medical Officer. There is a sewage rate on my house, and whieh up to the present time has been paid by me, but having no sanitary or sewage arrangement I shall in future protest againet this. I have ssen Mr. Holland, the owner of the houses, and he assures me that as soon as the sewers are laid no time shall he lost on his part in puttine in w.o's. Surely houses at this rental should have better convenience. Trusting that you will have a full and strict investigation made into the serious grievance at once, and much obiige,yours faithfully, W. BENNER. P.S. I may say your nuisance inspector came immediately he was advised. Dr. Adams (having been famished with a copy of CAR letter) wrote to the clerk (Mr Ashton) as follows :—Mr Farrington and I have ineestegated the Lstchforrl pre- mises (Mr Banner's) and I shall report at the meeting of the Council. Mr. Benner himself considers his obser- vations stronger than required,but he wished the matter to be gone into. Dr. Adams said he had in his special report for that a reference to the matter, but would deal with it then if required. The Chairman thought it would be as well. Dr. Adams then said, Some time ago, he investigated those premises and reported upon them to the Council. The sanitary condition of the property was decidedly unsetisfantery, but that feature had been more fully dealt with in hia reports. Nothing had heen done since then. Of coarse the whole thing hung upee the ques- tion of a very extensive scheme of sewerage for Stockton Heath. The next business was then proceeded with. "A MOUNTAIN OF A MOLEHILL." Mr. Spruce, in accordance with his notice of motion. moved that the following be inserted in the Standing Orders, as part of and following the existing order 19 : I, The foregoing regulation shall not apply to any increased expenditure recommended by any Committee of the Council duly appointed to consider such finaccia Increase, providing doss notice to every member shall appear on the agenda stating that the Committee's report' on finance will come before the Council for considera- tion." If that was seconded he would state his reasons. Mr J Mounfield seconded. Mr. Spruce thnn explained his motion wail to prevent a recurrence tef what had tal,no place recenty at a Coun- cil meeting. The Elic.divrays Cotnnalttes had met in the morning and passed resolutines entaiUng enormous ex- penditurea, and reported to the Council in the afternoon and Rot their report adloted. He expected that the re- port of the committee would have been brought hsfore the Council. and that its final conirmetion weutd have been at a suhssquent meeting. He was very mech surprised at the hasty way those matters had been dealt with, and wished to Prevent a recurrence of anything of that character. Mr. Woodward thocvlat that from the present reading of the standing order 19 it would not be possible to pass such resolntions without giving duo notice to the Crem- e. Th 6 standing order was perfectly clear in its terms and he also felt that the present order q lite covered Mr Spruce's ground. He wee quite surprised to think that the Council had been so irregular. Mr Linaker lia,vine reiterated Mr. Spruce's objeetion as specially bearing upon the purchase of a steam roller, and the increase of the servevors salaries, said he gathered that Mr. Spruce implied that the notice re- ceived was not precise enough, and that they were out ororder in confirming the order. Mr. Sorrel: Misr, hear. Mr. Linaker then said he must agree with Mr. Spruce that the thing should have been confirmed by the Ws- triet Council after due notice. He presume I Mr. Spruce expected there wolle he notice given and that every Dietriet Cauncill2r would have due notice ef it he a more detailed manner. He also agreed with Mr. Woediverd that the existing standing order covered the ground, but it bed not been adhered to.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
. . • t - . - - • • - -.- •

RUNCORN v. LEEDS PARISH CHURCH.

The Struggle for the 'N.U." Cup.

RUNCORN BEATEN "ON THE POST." - - -

The repiayed tie bet ween Leeds Parish ah—nr—cl; and Runcorn, which took place at Runcorn, oa Wednesday evening, attracted the interest of the whole of the Northern Union football world. Wet unpropitious weather, however, prevented the attendance reaching the recird expected. But nntwithstanding the ill-con- ditions the stream of spectators continued to roll up from an early hour, until at the time of the kick-off there were some 3,000 present. Of late, Runcorn have been performing finely ; the vanquishing of Bradford after two draws was heavy work, and fears were entertained that the meeting with Leeds the following Saturday would sae the °. Linnets " hors de combat. Runcorn's luck, however, proved good, and an uhdoubtedly lucky draw decreed that both should meet again at Runcorn, under more even conditions,to decide wnich club should continue its march towards the cup. ;The home team lackel the services of Warder, Faulkner, Gayter and Darlington. B3th team; took the field in full confidence and lined out asunder :

Runcorn : Houghton, back; Wilkinson, C Butter- worth, J. Butterworth and D Jones, three-quarters, Nickson and Jolley, halves; 8 Walker, Lightfoot, Farmer, RQece, Langley, Duro.), Hughes, and Taylor; forwards.

Leeds Parish Church : Corcoran, back ; Smith, Lewis, Evans, and Hewitt, thle -quarters; Mosley and Knight, helves; Mc Menotti, Crompton, Ctayton, Birch, Wain- wright, Walker, Foster, and Hewlett, forwards. Referee, Dir..oikley, of Ootwood Churc:n.

RuncerCa kioked oft against the wind, -an" d Crompton returned into touch near the stands. Tne first advan- tage fell to Leeds right under the Runcorn posts, but Jolley cleared with a fine punt. Foster missed the ball, and a brilliant follow up by Nickson transferred the venue. Jolley sectred and punted, both Jones and J. Butterworth having hard lines. Corcoran was held on his own line and shortly after Smith touched down. Splendid passing between Jolley, Nicksen, Butterworth and Jonas resulted in Janes being penalised and a scrum resulted. Again getting possession Jones scored a brilliant try. Farmer kicked for goal but failed. All this was accomplished in a few minutes and against the wind. Le-ds then got back to the Runcorn ead, and excitement followed an anomie at dropping on the part of Crompton. For a few minutes Leeds maintained the pressure. Runcern'e tackling was, however, too clever for the Yorkshire- men. The home line was crossed but the ball travelled too rapidly for the Lseds men to take any advantage of their opportunity. Keeping up the attack the Leeds , men were presently rewarded by a try, Evans scoring after passing by Mosley and Knight. The latter failed at goal. Leeds continued t ) attack, with great deter- mination the wind helping them coneiderably. Butter- worth and Nixon mulled badly in addition. Corcoran took a penalty kick at goal, but failed. Houghton replied weakly and Crompton marking, Lewis tried his luck and placei the ball over the bar amid oreat cheers from the Yorkshire section of the crowd. Runcorn were quite overplayed at this stage, but the home crowd pinned their faith to the second half when the wind would be in their favour. Reece here had the misfortune to hurt his knee and retired to the touch- line for a few minutes. A moment later Hewitt was sprinting down touch but he had received the ball for- ward and was called back. !Leighton was tackled and the Parishioners pressed holy. Wilkinson relieving with a , neat mark. Bad passing several times lost the home men ground, but they prayed up gamely and invaded tbe Parish territory. A rush was made on the left, the two Butterworths being dangerous, but Knight saved coolly near the line. By strong punting the Parish reached the other end again, Evans making a fine dash which took a lot of stopping. Butterworth kicked finely and charged down the return, Corcoran bringing a a wonderful save near the goal. Half time came two minutes later with the score reading : Leeds Parish Church 1 goal, 1 try (5 points) ; Rencorn 1 try (three points). Hewlett recommenced hostilities, and Runcorn were quickly on the attack. Jolley threw to C Butterworth, who was promptly grassed by Mashy. K eight's kick was charged and Jolley snapped up and ran to the lino, where ha naesed instead of going on, a chance being lost distinctly. Walker scrambled over, but could not ground the ball. Rimeorn quite overplayed the Parish naen and a quick pass to d Butterworth saw the latter dash in finely. Farmer failed at goal, but a lead of one point was qaite enamel/ to delight the home players. Jones should have added to the score very soon after. but Butterworth was selfish. There was some keen tackling by the Leeds man, and it was neces- sary to keep the Rancornia,ns at bay. Evans made a bad mull on the line and a score was narrowly averted. There was only one team in it now, Run- corn keeping: up a hot attack. J. Butterworth made a lovely opening for Jones who ran round_the posts only to be brought back for some in-

formalitr.- Houghton dropped from c,ntre, but faded. Exciting play-follmed, the Parishioners defendiug stub- bornly. Houghton made a fine run down touch and ' looked a scorer until he met Evans a few yards from the lino. Farmer dropped ineffectually, and Mosley successfully cleared a scrimmage on the line. It was next Wilkinsoi's turn to drop and be was so near the mark that the crowd exulted prematurely. York- shire's hopes were rapidly dwindling, for the Church- men could make little headway except by an occasional rush. A miekick by Jolley did give them a chance once and they got to the 25 line htiore they were stopped., Back raced the Linnets litowever, and Corcoran had to kick dead for safety. Two minutes from time a long punt was followed up by Leeds, and a series of mistakes culminated in Mosley scoring a sensa- tional try. Tremendous was the excitement and uproar but Runclrn's chances looked distinctly small as the Parishioners played up desperately. It was bard luck for the Linnete. but the final came with the score read- ing, Leeds Pariah Church, 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points) ; Runcorn 2 tries (6 points).

===== 0002601_19000412_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMENTS.

panr Raneorn T) be beaten on the post after having nearlt- all the game was hard luck of the most unex- pected and dishearteaing kind. Perhaps it is hardly necessary te say that the best team lost for a luckier win was never gained on the football field. During the whole of the second half the Parish- ipuers did not penetrate into the Runcern half twice before they scored the winning point. They played by no means badly, but Runcorn were so inuela the strenfTer team that it seemed as near impossiNs as anythMg in football can be, for the Parish to score. It was just one of these turns of FFortuneta wheel which make all sports so attractive and exci,ing. Though Runcorn are to be pitied they are by no means free from blame. When a team is only one point ahead in an important Cup-tie it should not take things at all easily no matter how great the claances of success appear. and this is what Runcorn foolishly did. They tried to score certainly, and missed at least three _ _

tries, but theY dig rot piny with the determina-tinn they shou!d have done. There was also too much monotony in tie plan of attack. The ball always went ti thS right wing, and the defending team

had only to keep a sharp ere in this quarter to be safe. More resource and more per&stence in attempting to cross the line would have renderNl the match safe. Houghton played a great game for his side. but Vie other men were only moderate. Mnst of the backs funs Wed when the Pariah scored, Wilkinson failing badly to stop the rush. Forward there was little to choos,t, while in the back division of the winuerg, Corcoran, Mosley, and Evans were conspicuous with' smart play and untiring exertion. Though they hay. pit the prospective cup-winners out of the running. Lq9,lq P3rish Church will have a stiff

task to clefeat—Sgrintoh on Saturds7. They, are a lus'y lot, but the " Blues' " mpeel shnulri hull them through.

Appointment of Organist and Choirmaster _ _

at Bold-iireet Church.

The appointnanit to the post of organist, and choirmaster in connection with the above place of worshin, rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr Peter Harrison, who had occupied the position for 16 or 17 years was made on Saturday afternoon. Originally there were 25 applicants from all parts of England out of whom six were selected to com- pete. The judge was Mr. Burstall. F.R.C.0., or- ganist and choirmaster at the Liverpool pro- Cathedral. Four candidates from Stockport, Hull, Dover and Warrington respectively put in an ap- pearance and demlnstrated their skill at the organ. The successful candidate was Mr Frank Hickman, of Warrington, who has been warmly congratulated on his success.

IIINDRIIS (two or three gockl) WANTHD frnmeliatslv.- 1.31" Apr,lv ATHERTON' BUITHER% LTD., Hanover-street, IPonnirv, Preston.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR

FOOTBALL COMPETITION

(COUPON ON PAGH 7.) £5O Offered Weekly—xlo3 Aggregate Prize.

RESULT OF LAS I WEEK'S COMPETITION.

The matches selected for this competition resulted as follows : —Newcastle IL beat Votts. Forest, Mani:skeeter C. beat Stoke, Notts. C mnty beat Sunderland. Derby C:aunty beat Everton, Burnley beat Liverpool, Blackburn R. beat Wolverhampton W., Barslern P.V. beat Newton Heath. Bolton W. beat Middlesbrough, Wellingborough beat Rush den, Bedminster beat 31illwall A. The absence of drawn games, and the success of the' home team in seven instances, again ,nade the taek of predicting the results an easy one. The following competitors share the £63 prize : Mr P Thompson, 13avenscar, R S 0.. Yorks; Mr II B Pit- tam. 72. Fore-street. London ; Mr 0F F Hutchins, Park View, Carshalton, Surrey; Mr B Taylor, 6 Victoria Promen- ade. Northampton.; Mr A Arthur, 5, York-ro ..d, Tunbridge Wells (3 shares) ; Mr J T lieghei, 11, Wilton-road, Bexhir, Mr G Mann. Mount Hill Lodge, Spriagfteld-road, Cnelms- ford ; Mr H J Marks, Groombridge, Suss a ;Mr R Limp- hum 81. Harcourt-street, Dublin; Mr B Fleteher, Derby Villas, Forest Hill, 5.14 ; Mr G Morrison. 19, Carhorne-road, Lincoln ; Mr S R Etherington. Constitutional Club, Bedford; M J Fletcher. Rushden-road, Desborough, Northants ;Mr F Cattell, 3, St, Catherine's o:iltage, The Grove, Ventnoe 1.0. W.: Mr C Laughton, York Hotel, Waterlo.) Station, Lon- don; Mr R Osmond, 149, Londan-road, Lowestoft.

THE CONSOLRTION PRIZE. The following eompAitors share the £lO prize :—F Lloyd. Doncaster; it Lewis, Kettering ; G Davis, Gedling ; A. James, Quorn ; E Salt, stafford G Bayley. Staff md ; ;Ara Stephens, Stafford; S Hemmings, Newton Heath; A. Dickens, Derby; W Smith, Earlsheaton ; ii Baistrick. Stroud; H W Gay. Rodbro ; Twirling, Stroud ; B Maple. Bedford, J trustable, Barnstapld ; J Marshall, Exeter; J Clark, Torquay; B Mann, Chelmsford 0 Gregory. Belfast; J 11 Hendervin. Barrow-in-Forness ; V Long- hurst ; Shefford ; C Martin. Maidstone ; 0 W Warner, Leamington ; It W Shaw, Bar ,et ; A Lee, Leicet ter ; R 0 Taylor, Gloucester; B Lewis. Melton Mow - bray ; J Daviason' Bristol ; II Jones, Walsall ; A T Issit Lewes • W Russell. Halesowen ; W Tugvvell, Nottingham ; B Fryer:Leicester ; R Needham, Northampton; C J Ramaden, Husbands Bosworth ; R Elliott, Southampton ; 0 Lee. Glas- gow; T Joaes, Syston ; Git Dudley, Lotsghborough ; Ci• Owen, Walsall; S Phippa, Bristol; H Carter, Kilmarcook. ; 0 J Bird, Bexley; d Beak°, 'St Albans ; C Porter. Plymouth ; W B Rome, Plymouth ; A Taylor, Tuastall ; 3 W Brown, Onisleharst ; M Hopewel. Nottingham; ST Cooper, Middlesborough; A Hodges, Newport, Mon.; M Pittam. London • 0 Ingram,,Stamford ; ti Tyson, Highgate. N ; G ft Blake, Rugby; jSmith. Nuneaton; Ii Ansell, Hodnet ; P Hawkins, Launceston ; B Asker, Hatif ix; S Worthington. Dover; T KnJajl. Ctern-nwell ; Orgill. Lens:taster ; Masters' Sevenoaks ; T Orton, Leigh; B Hocking, Welling- borough: R Langley, Bedford; a Smith. Yardley Hastings; C Williamson' Haslingden ; II D Moss, Truro; Li Allen. Glasgow ; G Knight, Peckmam ; W Hutton, Carlisle ; 0 Sawbridge, York; H Brown. 13romham ; T Seekley. Mountsorrel ; T Archer, Richmond; F Smith. Dul- wich H Smith, Dulwich; B Johnson, Burton. Joyce; R Payne, Beckenham ; A. Marshall, Swan- sea; W Brown, Sparkhrook ; Atkins, Warwiek ; B Emrnott, Clapham Junction ; S Bowen, Ventnor ; M Scott, Kettering ; j Mackintosh, King'a Lynn; R Hewitt, Gates- head • F Simpson. Liverpool ; A Giles, Brixton; F Taylor, Beswick ; H Carlton. Leicester ; It Allinson, Leioester ; j Hamilton, Newport, Mon. ; It Johnson, Plymouth; A. Clapham, Tunbridge Well ; 0 Gibson, Swansea ; B Tallett. Hertford; F 3 S Lawton, Eastbourne; P Ingiie, Blotehworth; Robertson, Ludlow '• A Swinton, Enfield ; it C Fitzhugh. hull; 3 Knight, Briston ; H Panther. Nottingham ;B Hemmings, Higham Ferrara; W Wilson. Ilfracombe; R Lamb Manehester ;J Nash, Dublin ; L Pratt, Sheffi-dd ; C Lawson, S Woodford; B Ambton, Birmingham . • A Williams, Fenny Stratford; W Henwood, Holloway; NLee. Malvzra ; G it Morris, New Brompton • L How., Lancaster; C Harper, Blackburn ; H Wood, Walford ; D Harrison. Market liar- borough ; A Hart, Jarrow; C Goodwin, Putney : T Horton. Daventry ; A Owen, Southern; 0 Wills, Preston: S Perks. Herefont ; P Smith, Bournemouth ; K Cowley, Ortmskirk; W Todd. Sttoud : A Barrett, Doncaster ; T Hall. Irthilug- borough; W Child, Lutterworth ; E Armstrong, Leicester; IS Buckingham, Weedon ; J Sandwell, Nottingham: B Allen, Edgbaston R Bill, Buxton.; 0 A initt, Thapstone ; T Hen- , shaw, Mo:eley ; J Holt, Harrogate ; P Atkins. Luton; 0 J Tarry, Tower Broughton; G Elliott. Gainsborough ; Norman, Colchester; B T Lyons, Stamford; G S Coppeck, Aberdeen; A Fuller, Hornsev L Sampson. Huddersfield A Valentine, Scarborough; W Chaplin, Fulham ; T Orpington; S H Cowley. Hanley • G Look, Canterbury; Kingston, Loughborough; A I:esk, Birusley ; B Nor- man. Tunstall ; G Hensley. Leicester ; F Brice, Balhans ; U Holyoake, Chesterfield ; H Chapman, ttristol2- 0 Robinson, Worcester; T Collins, Wolver- ton ; 0 HawksleY, Yarmouth, J Clarke, Harrogate; if Allen. Chelmsford; C Swain, liednesferd ; D Smith. Edinburgh ; P Douglas, LiverpAil ; SI Nodes, Rotherham ; A Hanson, Crick T B Briggs. Blaby ; S Archer, Brighton ; T English, Hitchin ; S Wallace, Dawerish ; F Nightingale. Harringay ; S ,Williams, Cardiff; tt Norton, Woolwich ; H Bell, Sittingbourne ; W Mimi% lterlditch. THE COUPON PRIZE. The £3 coupon prize goes to Ar W Tugw ell, 6, Arboretum- street, Nottingham, for 5,832 coupons. THE ACCRECATE PRIZE. ' Mr Arthur has scored 49 points for tne Aggregate Prize Mr Maple, 43; Mr Mann, 35; H Pittam (H. B.) 34 ,Mr Proctor, 31; Mr Hutchings, 23 ; Mr Pittam (M.), 18 ; Menke , Owen, Cook and Chaplin, 15 each; Messrs Tugwell and Sal.. 13 each.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL- MEET-NG OF THE RUNCORN BOATiNG CLUB.

The annual general meting of the abave club was held in the Brunner Guild Hall on Tueeday evening. There was a fair attendance of enthusiastic members. The Secretary (Mr. W. A. Millieger) then submitted his report for 1899 as follows :—The past season, 1899, has been full of interesting events and Mr. Johnson's report will show that we have not exceeded our resources notwithstanding that we have made many improve- ments to our stock and also provided events of interest for our members. During the year we have entered on our books 31 new members. We have been able to pro- vide four new boats, with a total carrying capacity of 12. We have iIiSD during 1899 made many improvements to the boat house, and dressing room, and geaerally im- proved the condition of our stock of boats. Complete toilet requisites have also been provided for the comfort of members. We have also providel at the request of the Weaver Navieation, lamps for the boats out after dark, and I would impress upen members the necessity of.always using these lamps at night time, as we wish to offer the Weaver Authorities as little cause for cumplaint as possible. During the season we ' have also chanced the type of oars for a better make, and I think the oars now supplied are satisfactory. Four new vice-preeidents have been elected, and these gentlemen have very kindly contri- buted to the amount of £4. The draw for :£5 note we had in June was fairly successful and brought in a fair return, and on behalf of the committee I take this opportunity of thanking those members who gave so much energy to disposing of the tickets. It Ices were held in September, and the prizes very kindly given by local gentlemen were krealy contested for. The cup presented by C. N. Irvin I was fortunate enough to secure, and I trust there wet he keen competition this summer as to who will be the holder for 1900. The com- mittee regret exceedingly that generally the events pro- moted for the entertainment of the members have not had their whole hearted support, and in many cases if the committ,e themselves had not supported them some of the items would have fallen fiat,. I trust, how- ever, that our 1900 members will endeavour to exhibit a more enthusiastic and sportsmanlike spirit in the events arraeged by the committee. I much regret to report that (tee of cur old vice-presi- dents has been removed by death during 1899, I refer to Mr. Poilip Speakman of Froisham. This geetlernan has been a supperter of our Club since its inauguration in 1894 up to 1898, and I am sure that in the forwarding of a floral tribute at the time af his interment the Com- mittee only indicated in a slight way the sympathy the members of the Runcorn Boating Club felt for his family in tiatir great bereavement. The dinner held at Wilson's Hotel juet recenty went off well, and had the effect of instilling a closer spirit of comradeship in these members who were not welt-known to the majority. 'Concluding t I think I am simply expressing the wishes of all in wishing for the R. B. C. a long and prosperous life, and if enthusiastic members and enerntic officials will secure it, I an sure that at least for 1900 we shall have a very successful season." Mr. T. Hill said be thought the revert j_leit submitted an excellent one, and one which indicated that during the/past season the committee—backed up by an energe- tic secretary—had made greet strides. He had much pleasure in proposing that the report he passed as sub- na:tteel. Mr. Elandiey seconded with a few well chosen remarks. After long discussion it was proposed by Mr. Bennion that members who had not paid their subscriptions to the club be advised that unless se me were paid by a date to be fixed, their names would be publishtd in the annual report and they would be forbidden the use of the boats for the future. Mr. Hsndley seconded. Carried. Mr H G Johnson Cho treasurer), presented a very lucid report of the club's finances for the year. He said at though they had been put to heavy expense during 1899 he could with much pleasure report a small balance in hand. They had turned over almost £BO. £4O bad been spent on boats,and the rercainderlisad bseu d,sbursed on caretaker's salary, impeovemente, passages. seationery, etc. Profit bad been mede on the draw, dance, dinner, and races, cembireil ; separately' one or two of these events fshewed a deficit. On the whole the year had been a satisfactory one financially. He would have much pleasure is issuing a printed balance sheet when accounts had been euviitr d The 'Treasurer's report which was read in more detail than reported, was unanimously passed, on the proposi- tion of Mr Sherrat, and seconded be Mr Wiswall. The secretary, treasurer, committee, captain and sub- captain were thanked most heartily for :heir excellent services during 1899. 'The election or officers for 1990 vr,,s then proceeded with,and resulted as follows:—Presideet, Sir R M Brooke Bart., J.P. ; vice prffidente t—Sir J T Brunner, Bart., Kee, Mr C N Irven, Mrs liezlehurst,Messre W Timmins, H Baker, J F Hezlehurst, and R U Pesnett ; secretary, Mr W A ; t?easurer, Mr Fl G Johnson ; nape sain, Mr F Abel; euh-ceptain, Mr It Hadfield ; com- mittee, Messrs R Beutlien, G Buxton, F Chrimes, J Speakman, W Harvey, B Joanso», P "uckley, T Bill. In addition 18 cow missebtre were proposed for member- ship for 1900, and duly elee.teti.—A vote of th.aks to the Chairman, Lir G Buxton, terminated the pro ceed i nge.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„

===== 0002601_19000412_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-k '-

===== 0002601_19000412_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING.

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the' Country. The visitation is of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it alnut is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza,. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease, and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he had only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Com- plaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of In- fluenza. whose after effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country whea this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort Its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever wilt, regain their former health. ,As a Preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved efftctual in warding off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes, Severe Headache, accompanied by difficulty of breath- ing, and symptoms of Catarrh. Pains in the Chest under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and itervousness. If you suffer from any of these symptoms, snow that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to esort at once to a course of Gwilym Evaos' Quinine Bit- ers. By common cinsent Patients everywhere admit hat they feel more depressed and miserable after an at- ack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel alter an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to take Gwilvin Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy Calds, Estreme Weakness and Lan- sour, with greater success than any other known Remedy. We may also add that as a remedy for Indiges- tion Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervoueness, and LOSS of Appetite, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands un- equalled. It is so!d in bateles 2s 9,1 and 4s 61., by all Chemists, and Patent Medici,e Vendors, or direct car- riage free, i r the above prices, by thei - 'Proprietors: Quinine Bit ers Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid Imitations. See the name "Gwilym Eears " on Label Stamp, and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

ALLEGED FRAUD ON A MONEY LENDER.—CASE DISMISSED. At the Warrington. Bereugh Police Court yesterday before the Mayor and othe: roagistrates,William Beckett, Weston Point, W.J.B charged with obtaining by means of false pretences the sum of £lO from Arthur Henry Pear- son, 14,Crescont-road. Seeckpert,with intent to defraud, on February 28th, 1898.—Mr A Sidebetharnof Stockport anneared on behalf of the prosecutor. He said that on Feb. 27th, 1898, tile prosecutor who carried on businese as a money lender received a letter from the defendant to the effect that he was engaged in disiharging the cargo of a ship and he had not enouele money to finish the work. It would take about 12 days to complete the work and he asked Pearson to lend him £lO which he would pay hack in a fortnight. H, had £34 due te him from Messrs. Gates and Co., but wou d like to finish the work betore applying to the firm for the money. lhere had been previous transactions between proseciver aisil defile lent and prosecutor subsequently met the defenia.nt at Warrington. He explained to him that he WAS a eteve lore an I had the ship Mac- millan to unload for Messrs. Gates and C of Liver- pool. He ead a nivaber of men working under nien• There were £34 due to him from the firm and he wanted the £lO for the purpose of paving wsgea. Believing this statemeet to be true Pearson lent him the money. After a time as the money had not been repaid Pearson went to Weston Point from where the letter was dated to inquire as to what Beckett' employment was. He was told that defendant was not a stevedore, and that raised his suspieions. On making further enquiries he found teßt on February 17:h there N 7.13 no ship in the Runcorn Deck* of the name of Macmillan, but there was a ship called the " Thomasina Me Lellan " on which the defendant was employed as checker at the wage ef 5s a day. Defendant did not employ any men ,and the state- ment that he wanted the LIO for tbe payment of wages was entirety un'rue.—Tne Magistrates' Cleak said that if the magistrates believed there was a case made out against the defendant he would have to go to the Liverpool Qoarter Sessions for trial.—Evidence was then 'given by the prosecutor who seated that in February 1893 he carried on bu3inee3 in Academy-street Warrington. When he saw the defendant on the 28th February he teed him that he was a stove !ore and bad stevedores working for him. He was chart of money to pay the men's wages. He did not like to ask Gates and Company for money on account. He said he was dis- charging the cargo of the Macmillan for them and whsn he had finished the job there would be £34 due to him. Witness lent him £lO. About six months ago he began to suspect that the defendant's statement was not true. He made inquiriee and could not find any firm of the came of Gates and Cempamy, in Liver- oool.—Tne Chairman: This loan was granted in February 1898; has no money been paid back 2 Witness: No sir.—The Chairman: When did you begin to make inquiries P—Witness : About six months aeo.—The Chairman : Not before 2—Witness: said that the money was loaned for a mon'h. He had previous transactions witllthe defendant and he tried to recover other money.—Mr Sidebotham: The prosecutor does not intend to say that he did not apply for the money.—The Chairman: It is a criminal offence and he allows 18 months to elapse before he teeing to make inquiries. He comes two years after the money was lent and asks us to commit this man for a criminal offence. I confess I cannot see my way to do it.— Witness; I have been to Weston Point many times to see him but could not do so.—The Crieirman : A lapse of two years when a man has committed a criminal offence is out of all reason.—Mr. Sidebethem : lam quite prepared to prove that the statemerts in the letter are untrue.—The Chairman : I dares ay but we cannot commence criminal proceedings after this lapse of time. and there has been in'ercourse between your client and the defendant.—Mr. Sidebocham : My client could not see him.--The Chairman: I underatoed him to say that business was still current. It seems to me that you failed to get the rxi iney by civil proceeding, and so took crimiaal preceedines gidebotham : If a man obtains money by a criminal offence I do not think that when it is discovered to be false and untrue that he ought to escape.—The Chairman: He has had ample opportunity to discover that the statements were not true long since.—Edward Bowden, of Run- corn, a stevedore, said that on the 28th February he was employed in discla trgine the grain ship " Thomasina McLellan," 1 bere was no ship in the dock; of the name of Macmillan. The defendant was employed as a checker on the ship" Thernesina Mc Lellan "at the wage of 5s a day. Defendant was not a stevedore arid did not distherge any vess .1s to his knowledge.—The magistrates retired to consider their decision aud on their return the chairman said they were not satisfied that a caee had been made out and bad decided to dismiss it. ROWDY FOOTBALLERS AT WARRINGTON. - _ .

At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks and other Enaeietrates, Geerge Stephenson, John Po,ch, J)ten Keenan. Rob ?rt Favager, and Charles Henry Ore, of Soacombe, and Peter Burn, of Birkenh-ad, were sum- moned for committing a breich o the peace by acting in a disorderly manner M Bridge-street and lloraemarkec- street on the 31st March.—Three ol the defendants appeared and pleaded gui;te.—The Chief Con,table said that all the defeedants were members of tne Seacombe Swifts Football Club, and on the date n question played a match with some club in Warrington. The offence Leek place in the s:reets. Toe Steretary of the Club had written to him seving that the funds were so low that the defendants' railway fares could not be paid, and if the flees indicted were very high, the Club would have to pay and suffer proportionately. lie aslv el that the attendance of the other men might be excused. He (the Chief Con- srable) wrote to him sayieg that he could do nothing in the matter and if they did not appeer they must take the consequences.—P:C. Leenerd stated that at 7.45 p.m. on the 31St of lest month he was in Briego-street and saw a crowd of about 20 or 30 young men singing and shouting and jostling one another ebout the streets. He cautiontd them and they teld him that they knew better than he what to do. P.C's. Peanington and Clough came on the scene and followed them to Scotland Road. es they continu. d their diserd-rly conduct they were compelled to take them to the Police S.ation. Toe streets were cr ;wiled at the time end peeple could not walk past them witheut vine off the footpath.—Frank Barlow stated that he saw the detendents jostling people about as the officer describ.d. They were sineing at the top of their voices "She's Env sweetheart." The Chair- man said he should be very glad when he saw every football club closed.—Witness, continuing said the de- fendants were anting as if they had won the Enelisti

WHEN FEELING LIVERISH REMEMBER

- - that CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS "Touch" the Liver. They absolutely curo Sick Headache, Bilious- ness, Torpid Liver, Indigestion, Constipation, Sallow Skin, Dizziness, Purre,l Tongue. Small pill, small price, small dose, purely vcgetable, forty in a pkiai. Dose One at Night. Is. lid. of all Chemists. Be sure they are CARTER'S.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH FOR ALL WHO USE daily on the tooth trush a few drops of SOZODONT, tbp pleasantest dentiiric,: hil.n.s. world. Cleanses the teeth la n cl space 3 between thern as nothing else will. Sound and. pearly white teeth, rosy, lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask- for :-_,OZODONT. 2• s' 6.1- -- ..----------_-,-..-------s=.-_-____ .."--:

Cup. (Laughter.)—Defendants who appeared were box', t over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the I costs which amounted to 103 each. The case of those who did not attend was adjourned for a fortnight. A WA.R2INGTON Can-Datvien IN TROUBLE. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, Frederick Littlewood, a e 0-driver residing at 83, Legh-etreet,was charged that he being the driver of a hackney carriage neglected to take to the Police Station within 24 hours a book which he found in his carriage on March 29th— The Chief Constable said that the proceedings were taken under a bye-law of the Borough to the effect that every proprietor or driver of a hackney carriage who should find any property ehould within 24 hours carry the same if it was not claimed by or on behalf of the owners, to the Police Station. On the 29th March a gentle- man named Woolen used the defendant's hao- som. When he got out of the carriage he lett in it his stock-book without which he conic' not do business. On the same day he telegraphed to the Police Station asking for the book to be returned to the Victoria Hotel, Manchester if found. A Police Sergeant imined,atly went to the cab proprietors to g;ve notice and inquire if the book had been found. It had not then been found. A. week later, however, the de- fendant came to the Police Station and handed the book in. The owner had been sadly hampered in his work. It was very important that men should hand in articles found as &Jon as possible.—P.C. Pennington stated that when the defendant brought the book to the Police Station he said that he did not know that found articles had to be brought there within 24 hours.—The Chief Constable said he was surprised at the man com- mitting the offence. He was a very smart, civil and courteous driver. The full penalty was £5 but he thought if the Bench fined the defendant in the costs as It was the first prosecution it would act as an example to other cab drivers and the justice of the case would be met.—Defendant wits fined in the costs which amounted to 3s fid. ALLEGED TREFT OF LEAD AT WINWICIC. —PRISONERS

COMMITTED FOR TRIAL. At the Warrington Occasional Court on Tuesday, before Mr. F. A. Frost, Samuel Warburton and George Ogden were charged with stealing some time between the Ist and 31st of March about 4lewts. of lead of the value of £5, the property of John Jeffery and Company, at Winwick.—Willia.in Porteous, a foreman plumoer in the employ of Messrs Jeffery and Co., at the new asylum works, Winwick, stated that in consequence of something that he heard on the 31st March, he went to the place where the lead was usually kept and found that a great quantity was missing. From there he went to a dung beep on another part of the estate about la quarter of a mile from where the lead was kept, and there fouqd three big rolls of 71b. sheet lead. Be iden- tified it as his masters' property. The value of it was about 17s per cwt. No one had any right to take the lead without his permirsion. The same day he visited the shop of Mr Winstanley, Warrington, in company with P.C. Sharpe and there saw several pieces of lead which he identified as the property of his masters.—Ebenewr Pitchford. a clerk in the employ of William Winstanley, 13, Park-place, Warring- ton, said that on the 21st March a man named Davies came to the shop and sold him 1131119 lead. Be gave him £2 133 9d for it. On the 27th of the same month the man came again and sold him another quantity of lead for which he gave him £3 7s 6d.—James Davies, a rag dealer, residing at 30, King-street, Warrington, said that on the evening 'of the 19th March he met the prisoner Warburton in Wataington. He said he had a lot of scrap lead to sell. After some conservation he agreed to purchase it. The prisoner Ogden was also present. The next morning he went with a ponycart and brought the lead from a midden near a lane in Winwick- It was in bags. He paid the prisoners £2 12s. 6d. and afterwards sold the lead to Mr. Winstanley. On the 26th of the month he again met Warburton who said he had more lead for sale. Next morning he went to the same place and brought some more lead for which he gave 365. The two prisoners came to him again on Friday the 30th March and asked for the loan of a handcart. The next morning he went with them to Winstanley'e shop and obtained a cart for them. They took it away.—?.C. Arthur Sharpe, stationed at Winwick said that at 6.30 .on the Saturday March 3131 he was on duty in the Asylum Grounds. In the course of his rounds he found four pieces of lead hidden by the side of a manure heap 200 yatela from the asylum buildings. Suspecting it had been stolen he watched the place, and at about 9.30 the same morning the two prisoners came with another man whom he did not know with a handcart. They entered the grounds and began to put the lead in the bags when he Came towards them. Immediately they saw him they ran away leaving the handcart, bags and lead. He followed them in the direction of Warrington but lost sight of them At about 5 p.m. on the same Jay he apprehended Warburton in a public-house. He took him to the Police Station and charged him. Re replied " I have not seen that man (meaning Davies) since the Walker affair was on." On the 6th of the present month he arrested on a warrant the man Ogden. He read the warrant to him and he replied "Oh "and after wards said " Well it's got to be proved."—Prisoners were com- mitted for trial at the Liverpool Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
, / .410!'", —.—• ..... , , .. . , , 1 i TT!, , . .., ~..,.. -, , ... t - . . • ~ . in..=

, _ _

===== 0002601_19000412_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court. MONDAY.—Before Tr. F. Monks (in the chair), Coun- cillor Smethurst and Mr. Birchen. ARelr RESERVIST IN TROUBLE.—Francis Kelly. last from Liverpool was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Marshhouse-laae at 5 o'clock on Saturday evening.—Evidence was given to the effect that the prisoner who was are army reservist, went to Orford Barracks under the influence of drink. He was re? wed admittance on account of his condi- tion and became very disorderly. A. constable took him into custed:, Chief Constable said that the police were hav- ing a great deal of trouble with reservists. They thought they could do anything they liked.—A fine of 23 6d was imposed. TIEIVFT BY k WOMA.N.—Catharine Fury, alias Hands, was charged with stealing fr m the shop of Herbert James Pearce, 13uttermarket-street, on Saturday evening, four ounces of wool, value 103.—The Chad Constable stated the facts of the case. He said that the prisoner want to Mr. Pearce's shop at 5.20 on Saturday evening begging. She was told that they had nothing to give her and she went out. She returned shortly afterraras and again asked for alms, and was told she would receive nothing. She went out and was crossing the road when Ara. Pearce noticed that she has' a bundle of wool wider her arm. She brought her back to the shop and Detective Barlow came on the scene and took her Into cus- tody. P:isoner was strongly under the inluence o! drink. and was not charged until that morning, when she replied I should not have taken it only I had a drop of drink."— Evidence in support of this statement having been given, prisoner was cismmltted to gaol for a month. SCENE AT THE CENTRAL STATION.—John Christopher Musgrove 95,Thompson-street. Manchester was charged with making use of obscene language at the Central Station at 10.45 oa Saturday night and also with assaulting railway constable Michael 513D0na14 and Porter Thomas Be skett Thomas Beckett. porter. at the Central Station stated that at the time named he was on the upper platform and the prisoner was sitting, ha company with twos ladies on one of the s-ate. He made use of filthy language and struck at him (witness). He had to hold up a portmanteau to ward off the blows—Constable McDonald said he saw :the prisoner strike Porter Beckett- He went up to him and asked him what he did it for and he said that he would do the same for him (witness). He struck him and made use of very filthy lang- uage. Witness sent for a police constable and prisoner was locked up—P.C. Corbett spoke to arresting the prisoner. He said he came to the p slice station quietly —l-le had had drink —A fine of 103. was Imposed—Elizabeth Musgmve, wife of the last prisoner was charged with being drunk and disorderly to Irlarn-street. at 11.40 on Saturday night—P.C. Corbett stated that he was taking the prisoner's hasband to the Police Station and the prisoner who was drunk corn- ' menced to create a disturbance. She followed them to the Police Station and refuse Ito go home. She said that where her husband w .3 she would be—A fine of be. was inflicted. STATION LOAFERS HEAVILY FINED.—JanIeS McMullen, Bliss Hurst, Michael Henniganand John Carter of Percivals- I fold and James Barrow, 37, Scotland road were summoned for obstrutting the footpath in VVinwick-street by standing there on the 29th March,—P.C. Delahay stated that at 3.40 on the afternoon named he was on duty in Horsemarket- street and saw the defendants standing on the foJtpath near Central Station. It was impossible for people to pass them without stepping off the footpath. They stood there for twenty minutes-. Defendants were regular station loafers.— Kulien, Carta' and Hennigan, were fined 29s and Hurst and Barrow, who did not appear were fined 40s. FURIOUS CYCLING.—Joseph Isberwood, 28, Kerfoot-street, was summoned for furiously riding a bicycle to the danger of passeagers in Sankey-street on March 30th.—P.C. Lewis said that at 8 33 p.m. on the date in question he saw the de- fendant riding a bicycle in Sankey-street at a very furious rate. He put his hand up to htm to slacken speed but he took no notice. At Market Gate he was going at such a rate that he nearly ran into the corner of the Bank. He knocked a young lady down.—Thomas tierrard stated that the defen- dant was cycling at the rate of from 12 to 14 miles an hour.— The Chief Constable said that the highest speed allowed in the main streets was six miles RD hour. That was a very bad case and he asked for a substantial penalty. It was the com- mencer.; int of the cycling season, and it mielat act as a de- terrent.—. fine of lss including costs was inflicted. GAMBLING.—John Seddon, 56, West-street. Charles Hollo- way, 11, Worslev-street, and George Smith. 16, West-street, were each fined 5s on the evidence of P.C. lumen- for playing "banker" near West-street on the lot last ; James Foeg. 79, Birchall-street. William Fogy. 62, Sharp-street and Jack Savory, 33,Scott-3treet boys, were on the information of P.C. Clough fined ?..s 6d each for teasing for money in Sharp. street on the Ist April. A WARNING TO SCHOOL BOYS.—Albert Gough, 14, Baxter- street. John Hvder, 8 Baxter-street,. Peter Onnningham,lB9,

WO "YOU HAVE ... .. x 1, '? 4. 2 ' 11

. ULM OFT VELVETY 11,.1. / 4... . MN? ..,f, ir . v ~ .10., ." .. ,Then use ~ .1„; 41:. t : •..4. 4. , ,k. , , . '66 ... •.. . ! • *A- . ,At* lE t ~,,4-",' will ,i , „.sfA' entirely a. • • , .-". remove all 11OUGHNESS,CHAPS„' TAN, ifIRITATIO'N, etc., .„„. in a VOl7 .5!-:ort time. lqi Bottles .1,1.13EET1-I£3.M. & SON.. 6;1 L -din:, - 'l' • e :-IE L,TE 17,1-1/11.1. * ei-C.lO-fia-.4M-Gi)--434.2tria.,-41},.—'"Al

===== 0002601_19000412_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900. ODDS AND ENDS.

Winwick-road. and John Rigby, 127, Bewsey-road, boys,were summoned for throwing stones in Sankey-street on the 31d lostant.—P.O. Clough stated that at noon on the date in question he was on duty at the top of Parker-street near Bank Quay Bridge when he saw the first two defendants who attended Heatisside school in company with some more boys on Bank Quay Bridge throwing stones at about 20 boys from People's Oollege including the two other defendants. People &mild not cross the road on account of them and two gentlemen had to get off their bicycles: He caught the first two defendants and ultimately obtained the names of the others and reported them. He saw Mr Wallington. the head master at People's Collett). and he said it was a re2ular oc- currence and he had cautioned the boys before.—Defendants wet() each fined 2s 61 the Chairman remarUing that it they were brought before the court again they would be more severely dealt with.

TUESDAY.—Before Alderman putton (In the chair) and Mr.

fireball.

" SICK OF THE ARMY." —John Seddon was charged with being a deserter from the 3rd Battalion Loyal North Lanca- shire Regiment stationed at Preston since April 7th.—He pleaded gniity.—P.l3. Bell stated that at 6.40 that morning he was on duty in Battersby-lane in company with P.C. Sankey when he noticed the prisoner. He stopped hial and asked him where he was going to and he replied " lam going to Wigan." The man had a military appearance so he asked him if he had a discharge. He said that he had not and subsequently admitted that he deserted on Saturday from the above regiment stationed at Preston.— The Chief Constable said the prisoner told him he was sick of the army. He evidently had no military ardour or ambition —Prisoner was remanded to await an eslort and the Sergeant was recommended for the usual reward.

MEN WHO Go TO THE WALL.—Paperhangerc. A WILLING PRISON Elt.—A man looked i* dumber. Stranger: "How old is the °Meet inhabitant of this village ? "—Native "There ain't none. He died last week. _ _

"ARE you one of the strikers?" asked the woman at the door.—" Yes, mum. Pse a pioneer in the mover‘Nnt. I struck thirty years ago, and I've never Y :a in yet." MR. B.' : "Thomas says the vegetable garden ougi. ,o have a fence around it." Mrs. Barlow. " Why ?" Mr. Barlow: "I'm sure I don't know, unless because he has let the garden grow so wild that he's afraid it will get out." A MAN dropped his wig in the street, and a boy who was following close behind the loser picked it up and banded it to him. "Thanks, my boy," said the owner of the wig, "You are the first genuine hair restorer I have ever seen." ON HIS OATH —" Will you swear the man was shot from ambush ?" asked the judge. "No, suh, I won't, kase dar wuz no bush in de vacinity. He wuz shot f urn behind a pine tree." CLARA : "I don't think Grace cares very much for her husband." Jessie : " Why ?" Clara : "Well, he was detained at his office until eight o'clock one evening last week, and it never occurred to her that he might be killed, or something." MRs. CUMSO (when the new bonnet came home) : "Why, actually, the bird on this bonnet hasn't any bill." Cumso : "The bill was too large to go on the bonnet; it will come separately in a wheel- barrow about the first of the month."

MRS. KELLY: "So th' doctor sid yez owld man had locomotor-ataxis ?' An' phat th' divil moight thot be?" Mrs. Casey: " Thot is paralysis of th' mooseles thot a mon walks wid." Mrs. Kelly: " Behivins ! an' thot looks to me bike a high-toned name for 'plain droonk.'" VISITOR: "I presume your daughter plays the piano?" Mrs. Neuvoriche (proudly): "No, in- deed. Dear Ethel doesn't have to. Her pa is rich enough to buy her one of those pianos which plays itself." THE " CELESTIAL " WAY. —The attempt of European ladies to form a league of native girls for the suppression of foot-binding in China has fallen through. One native girl is said to have put the case thus: "We squeezy foot! You squee,zy waist! Same object both—get husband." SOUND ADVICE. —The country editor is a reliable encyclopcedia. A reader sent him this query recently: "What ails my hens? Every morning I find one or more of them keeled over to rise no more." The reply was :—" The fowls are dead; it is a very old complaint, for which nothing eau be done."

TOO THIN. "Oh, spare me !" screamed the actress slim, As in the play we viewed her. "You're spare enough," sneered Ugly Jim— And the villain still pursued her. A THING OFTEN BROKEN.—One's fast.

BEYOND HlM.—Customer "You know that prescription you made up for me yesterday. I want a copy of it." Druggist: "I guess you'll have to get it from the doctor. I never could read his handwriting." A FORMER Duke of Marlborough had some emus in his park. Hence, when the hen bird laid an egg the whole household at Blenheim was full of pleasing excitement. ULduckily, the Duke had just left for London; but a telegram was at once sent after him, which was in the following terms: "The emu has laid an egg, and in the absence of your Grace, we have taken the largesb goose we could find to hatch it." Two AT ONE.—An Austrian officer, staying at a country house, said to one of the guests, " Ah, I hear you're fond of solitary walks I So am I. Let's take a walk together." GOING ONE SMARTER.—Among the advertise- ments in a German newspaper their lately appeared the following: "The gentleman who found a purse with money in the Bliimenstrasse is requested to forward it to the address of the loser, as he was recognised." A few days afterwards the reply was inserted: "The recognised gentle. man who picked up a purse in the Bliimenstrasse requests the loser to call at his house." • Mn. SAYLES : Why, my dear—why are you cry- ing? Mrs. Sayles (with sobs): Oh, John, don't you remember my new crepon skirt I got at such a bargain last week for fifteen shillings? Mr. Sayles: Yes, what then? Mrs. Sayles (weeping afresh) : I p-p-passed Messrs. Raggs t-t-to-day, they were all m-m-marked down to fourteen shillings and eleven pence three farthings—Boo. boo

- - _ "WHAT is your line?" brusquely asked the manager of the greatest show on earth. "I believe I am the only middle-aged man in the civilised world," replied the applicant for engage- ment, "who has not said that if he was only a little younger and did not have a family on his hands, he would go to Klondike, and " "I know you are 1" shouted the manager. "Name your price, my dear fellow! Name your price 1" UP A TREE.—A boy was engaged in nocturnal apple-stealing a short tune ago, and was observed by the owner of the fruit, who, unnoticed by the young robber, placed a large stuffed dog at the foot of the tree, and retired to watch the result of his strategy. The boy, about to descend, observed the dog, and then the fun commenced. He whistled, coaxed, threatened, but unavailingly, the animal never moving, and, finally, accepting the inevitable, settled down to pass the night in the tree. After some hours- had elapsed, wearily enough to the lad, morning dawned, and the proprietor of the tree coming from the house asked how he came to be in the tree, to which the boy answered that he took to it to save himself from the dog, which had chased him quite a distance. IDENTIFIED.—The street car struck the rear wheel of the bicycle. The bicyclist described a parabola and fell upon a pile of bricks. The bicyclist raised on one elbow, reached back an arm towards a rear pocket of the knickerbockers, and collapsed, insensible. A sergeant of the police felt in the pocket and drew out a silver cigarette case, marked "J. J. Jones, 400, Bonton Avenue." "Go to 400, Banton Avenue," said the sergeant to a policeman, "and tell Mrs. Jones that Mr. Jones has—" The sergeant paused, and drew a hand- mirror from the other rear pocket of the knicker- bockers. 'Tell Mr. Jones that Mrs. Jones has—" The druggist, who was assisting, tickled the bicyclist's lips w'th .a feather he was trying to burn under the nostres. The bicyclist smiled and murmured, "Charlie !" "Tall Mr. and Mrs. Jones that Miss Jones has met with an accident." How THEY WERE IDENTIFIED. —I was in the grocer's shop this morning, when a woman came in. "I want two dozen eggs," she said to the grocer, "and they must all be laid by black hens." "Madam, it would give me greLt pleasure to serve you, but I must confess that you have got the best of me. I can't tell eg.-{s laid by black hens from any other kind." " i can—inighty quick." "If that's so, I'll let you pick them out." The woman counted two dozen eggs into her basket, and then the grocer rematked, suggestively : " Well, madam, it seems as if the black hens laid all the big eggs." " Yes, that the way you tell 'ern," she replied. How HE KNEW HE HAD LOST HER.—Deep golom and recklessness struggled for supremacy on the expressive countenance of the young man. He fiercely rejected the cup of soothing tea his sister pressed upon him. "It's all up," he an- nounced. "I saw her with that fool Peters again to-day." "Really, that amounts to nothing, my dear boy," said his sister, sympathetically. "A girl may be seen with a dczen men without being engaged to them." "They're engaged all right enough," snarled the unhappy swain. "Why, they were shopping together !" "No matter," persisted the encouraging young woman. "No matter. Don't you give her up—if you really like her, as I'm sure I don't see why you should, for if ever"— "Marion ! Kindly refrain from dis- cussing her !" " All right ; I will. But I was only going to say that you'll be a foolish boy if you give her up just because you happened to see her with that fool Peters in a shop." "They're en- gaged. I could see that," persisted the unhappy one. "How could you? Was it a jeweller's? Was he fitting rings to her fingers?" "No! It was much worse. It was a stove store, and they were pricing gas ranges. Now do you believe ?" And the sceptical sister announced her entire con. version to the engagement theory.

OLD FALSIi THETII BOUGHT. Many ladies and gent, mer ye by them old or disused false teeth, which might, as well be turned into Messrs. R. D. and J. B. Fraser, of Princess-str et, Ipswich (established since ln4), buy old false te,th. If you send your teeth to them they will remit you by return of poet the utmost value ; or If preferred, they will make you the best offer: and hold the teeth over for your reply. If referenc.s necessary, apply to Messrs. 13-icoN and Co , Bankers Ipswich. —Advt. - -

LINZ-MED COVPOUND ' for Coughs and Colds allays irritation. Gives immediate relief.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDLY.—Before Messrs A. Thomas (presiding) and P. Wiewall.

THEFTS OF COAL.—PARENTS SEVERELY CAUTIONED.— Samuel Leigh, Daniel Cavanagh and James Rose, 54. 39. and 47, Gilbert-street, Runcorn, were charged with the larceny of 2 cwts. of coal, valued at is 6d the property of the London and North-We.tern Railway Company. on the 6th of March. —Henry Prescott, stationmaster at ituncorn,said on Tuesday the 6th of March he was on duty at the - station, and saw the three boys on some coal trucks in the dock branch siding. The boys were throwing the coal on both sides of the waggons. He cis led to a porter and they went after the boys. The po-ter caught one of the lads. The proceedings were taken for the purpose of putting a stop to the L practice which was pretty prevelant.—George Robert Blythe. porter in the employ of the Lou ion and North- Western Railway Company remembered the stationmaster calling his attention to the three boys who were on the top of a coal waggon which was standing in the dock branch siding. The boys, who proved lobe the defendants, were throwing coal down from the waggon on to the bank. He (witness) ran down and caught the defendant Rose ; but the other two got clear away. He asked Rose what he had been doing, and be replied he had been putting some coal on the buffer with the intention of taking it home. The lad also stated that his parents had sent him for it. The boys were earrying the coal in their arms, and the lad Rose had a piece of coal weighing about 36 or 40 lbs. when witness caught him. The whole of the coal, that the boys had attempted to take off, when collected and weighed totalled 2 cwts —Constable Thomas S Bowyer swore he had interviews with the boys. separately and collectively. On bath occ sinus they male statements admitting the offence, but said they had not been sent by their parents.—With regard to the bey Rose, the parents had told him they could not do anything with him, and he appeared to be the ring- leader.—The boys pleaded guilty, and their parents electing they should bp summarily dealt with, they were ordered to receive 6 strokes with the birch from Constable Bowyer.— Mr. Thomas, the chairman, spoke very strongly to the parents, and told them that should it be found they were training their children to steal, and they were brought before him for receiving any goods they had known to be stolen, he woula give them all he could. WOKEN Prfeinases.—Emma Woolgar, and Maria Evans. both of Princess-street, Runcorn, were summoned for com- mitting a breach of the peace, by fighting on the 31st inst. Both pleaded guilty.—Constable Gregory said he saw the women fighting in Princess-street. He saw one strike and knock the other down. He then went to them and found they had got hold of eaah other by the hair so tightly that he (witness) had great difficulty in getting them apart.— Both were bound over in 25 to keep the peace for 6 months, and ordered to pay 9s 6d costs.—Maria Evans, 29, Princess- street, Runcorn, pleaded guilty to using obscene language, on the 31st March.—Constable Gregory said this was the same defendant as in the previous case. About quarter of an hour afterwards, he was still in Princess-street. The defendant and her husband were quarrelling about the previous row, and the female was using most obscene language. He told her the would have to stop it. She would not; so he reloaded her.—iined 5s and costs or 14 days. Smoot ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following parents were each tined 6d. and 45 6kl costs for neglecting to send their children to school :—Samuel Wainwright, Stonehills ; Sarah Lee, Gilbert-street, William Evans, ;Gilbert street (2 cases) ; William Keen, boats, (2 Cases) ; Henry Edge. Shaw-street ; James Moores, Brick-kiln houses; George Colecough,Norton- street ; Edward Wainwright. Stonehills (2 cases) ; James Wylde, Brickkiin Houses; William Twigg, Halton-road ; Peter Cawley, Taylor's row; Edward :Wilkinson, Windmill- street: Walter Turner, tne elder. Wivern's Place, (2 cases) David Walker, Wellington-street; and Henry Spencer' Shaw-street.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Gospel Hall.

On Sunday the speakers ware Messrs. H. Whitehouse and J Elorsefield,tho address being taken from Psalm 37, 7, "Rest in the Lord." Human nature is continually on the look out for rest and satisfaction. To satisfy that craving man seeks natural and worldly pletsures only to find they do not give rest and satisfaction. This can only be found in the One who made man and gave hisn tLis desire. Christ can and does gerfectly satisfy all the cravings of the heart of man. In Christ there is rest from wandering to and fro to find rest. There is rest from foes, human and infernal who would tempt and ensaare. Rest in feeling safe for all Eternity and there test from works to merit salvation. To enjoy this rest 8 the happy privilege of all believers.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
- Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. Open Meeting.

Sunday's meeting was thrown open to both sexes and there wou'd be an attendance of about 700. Mr. John Taylor, of Warrington, presided and in a brief address stated that this was an age in which we had more privi- leg a than our forefathers but he serioudy questioned whether the people were as anxious about spiritual life as they should be. They could not live a life of sin and be Christians at the Same thal. It was not consis:ent for a man to live in sin and go under the cloak of a Chris- tian.—Major Ballantine, of Menchester, in the course of an address said he was delighted to see such a large gathering because it showed that the work of the society was being carried on successfully,and from what he had ascertained from the secretary he uncleratood that the actual and practical results were very gratifying. As Christians he was afraid they did nct do as much work in winning souls to Cnrist as they might. If they di more in that direction England would be a far differaw: nation. It was for them to go on and" not be weary in well doing." The Enelish were a practical people, and in their philanthropic efroreA they must be practical. Many o.! the philaatbropie soci, ties over-lapped each other and a great deal of philanthropy was frittered away through falsesentiment. Their philanthropic efforts needed to be wisely directed, and placed in the right hands if they were to be of any avail. In conclusion the speaker referred to the chief aim of man, stating that it was to glorify God.—The Rev J. Yonge announced that a petition in favour of prevent- ing the sale of drink to children was open for the signa- ture of members. He stated that it was a most impor- tant measure, and one which stood a good chance cf passing if Christian people generally, and workingmen particularly, would throw their influence into the scale. --Mrs. R. H. Pearson very sweetly sang two solos entitled " When Thy children fall asleep " and " Jerusalem."—Mr. W. H. Payton, Mug. Bic., presided at the organ. The service was also taken part in by Mr Beswick and Mr. Scriven.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Generous "Tommy."

The generosity of " Tommy " is well shown in a com- munication from a phategrapher at the front to the photographic journal " Photography." In the course of an intereFting letter he points out that where men are killed their kits are sold for the benefit of their wives and families. The kits of married men whwe families remain at home have been sold at quite startling prices. As instances, an old kit bag, value when new about 91., fetch 255., a pair of laces, value id., fetched 54., and he reports that the bidding was quite brisk and ex- citing, plenty of heart being put into it. " Single men's kits are quite unsaleable ; no one wants the things, ex- cept the shirts and socks, and no one will bid, so it is quite clear that these fancy prices are only a means oE contributing to the widows in a manner which has no appearance of charity, and deserves, therefore, to be much more commended. I should add that many of the men who offer these prices only receive a is. a day." The knowledge of facts like these ought to help the stria- scription lists not a little.

A BOON TO WEAK MEN A N originally scientific means of Curing Nervous Debility .71.. and Its Various Physical and Nervous Ailments, with- out the use of Nauseous Stomach Medicines. The Method is easy and sure, and a Permanent and Effec tive Cure is Ensured in all cases of Weal,ness in Young an Old Men. A fully Explanatory Pamphlet sent araled,post free,stamps '.ridress, C. D. MURRAY, 7, Southampton Row, High Holborn, London, WO.

' LINSEED COMPOUND ' (Trade Mark) gives ex- pectoration without strain. 9d., 130. Sold by Chemists only.—Advt. - - - -

PREMIER CYCLES price £9 17s 61—J. S. GARLAND, Cycle Factor, Bridge-street, Warrington. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS Awn SHOES UNDER THE CLOCK, RRIDGE-STRICHT.—Advt. EXCELSIOR CYCLES at £lO 10s. Sole Agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington. ASK. or CUNNINGHAM' HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS—Advt.

UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD,BOOTS.—Advt BEST BOOTS Fo ALL. UNDER THE CLOCK.— • vt NEW SPRING JACKETS, Capes, Triaeinloshes and Im- perial Cloaks. Choice assortment of White sailor Hats. Just receivel—W. T. WILLIAms, 74, Sankey-s'sreet, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
. , • -, . - - ..... . , __ ---, . .. __ .._ ..... ____. ____ _____________ .... . __- "... -..- . - - .___ \ . , . .... -- „. ~......„, ~ ....,..,..,,,,,,,,,,.....124. .„.-------„--- - .. , ... ~, .„.„..____ ___________ ..,...r, .. .......„...; - --- ''''' --,:-.."...- '-''''''''''',l4-..:.1-.1,-Y:-., . -... . --. !,.. „. --",:,, -„,..., , . -,.... , :11. .., I* , . ..- ....Wiar __ . ...0 , . -„,......, .11,,, .."..C.p..„ , ' .. .

'

===== 0002601_19000412_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

CRICKETERS Bussey's Demon Drivt: Bats are the grandest made. BtrssET's New Match Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any others. BussEy's Leg Guards are exceptionally good. BITSSEY's Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. BUSSEY'S 13,gs are made to wear. Buss-Elea Diary and Companion is a Gem for Apply for BUSSEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Out- fitters ; 36 and 38 Queen Victoria Street, or 213. &lent St., London. Factories : Peckham, London; and Elmm ell, Suffolk.—Advt, (3).

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to notethat reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted

===== 0002601_19000412_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP COMPETITION. FOURT-1-1-R-OUND. Salford v. i-3-W.:1;le Hornets.

The game to play off the tie between those two clubs ' on the Salferd 4round, at New Barns, was seen by up- wards of 12,000 people. The teams were at full strength and an open and interesting game was played. There was not much to choose between the two sets of for- wards, bet the Salford backs outpaced their opponents and combined more effectively, with the r, sult that they throughout appeared to advantage, and ultimately the Hornets were defeated by eleven points to three. Sal- ford lust the toss for choice of ground and played up the slope in the first half but with the wind. The Hornets were soon forced back, T Williams, intercepting a pass by Kruger and running to their quarter. Eventually Smith, the Salford full back, punted the ball over the goal line, and it rolled dead at the hack of the posts. Soon after drorping out from the quarter mark Smith followed up a fine return kick and tackled the opposing full back near the Hornets' goal line. Relief was soon afferded, and Rigg and Wightman, with a fine dribble, forced Salford to concede a minor point. Good pascing by the tome backs soon again placed the Horrets on the deiensive and at length fine combination by the two halves, Thomas, T Williams, and Pearson, enabled the last-named player to secure an unconverted try for Salford. • The visitors then pressed and forced Salford to save. Rigg made a good but unsuccessful attempt at a penalty goal and Wightman just missed a try by having the ball kicked (1,84 as he was falling on it. Near the close of the first half Had- wen secured the second Salford try, but Griffiths failed at goal. At half time Salford led by two tries to nil. On resuming play, the game was continued for a time without either side gaining any tangible advantage. At lenc..th Kruger kicked the ball towarde the Salford goal line, and Rigg, following up smartly, gained possession and secured an unconverted try. This reverse appeared to rouse the home players. Brown made a mark in the Hornets' quarter and the ball was returned into touch, whence Griffiths punted it in front of the goal posts and J Williams secured a try for Salford, Brown placing an eacy goal. There was no further scoring and "no side" found Salford victorious by one goal and three tries ((leven points) to one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19000412_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
I Swinton v. Broughton Rangers.

There was a very large attendance ot spectators to witness thig tie, which was played at Swinton, the ground being packed. Both clubs were compelled to make changes in their teams through the enforced absence of Stickney on the Broughton Rangers side and Lewis of Swinton, their places being taken by Duck and J. Valentine respectively. The play was not of a very brilliant character, while the tackling was most vigorous end at time?: bordered upon roughness, and the referee, Mr. M'Cutcheon, was compelled upon more than one eecesion to caution players on both sides. While the Swintonians relied upon the combination of their backs Cc' gain a victory,the Rangers ape eared to play the rush- ing and high kicking game, and few combined runs,with tile exception of several between the brothers James, were made. Swinton started the game, facieg a strong wind, and ho h ends in turn were quickly visited. A fine run between Davies, Morgan, and J. Valentine nearly ended in the latter player getting through. W. James tried to drop a goal,but the ball just went outside Ihe post, and halt-time neither side bed gained a major point. Upon changing ends the Swintonians were cpeirkly the aggressors, and pressed their opponents very hard on the goal line. At length Hampson,after a smart passing run, rushed over and gained Swinton's first try. From this point of the game the home players showed to advantage ; indeed, only upon one occasion afterwards did !he Rangers appear dangerous, when Chorley, who had played a fine game, snapped up the ball on his goal line and cleared it to midfield. Messer gain( d two more tries for Swinton by clever running and dodging, but heth place kicks failed. The final score was :—Swinton, three tries (nine points) ; Broughton Rangers, nothing.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Leeds Parish Church v. Runcorn

At Leeds, before 16,000 spectators. Mosley kicked off, and play settled at c2ntre for a brief perird. At length Runcorn rushed to the Parish line, passing between Wa km. and Lightfoot ending in the latter getting a try. flougllton took the kick, but failed to convert. Parish aft, rwards took up tho pressure,and from loose footwork Berch picked up the ball and rushed over the visitors' Roaljline,though Levi missed the goal. Half-time score : Parish Church 1 try, Runcorn 1 try. The game was well r:ootested in the second half, and there waqno scorinz until rear the close, when Lewis drop; ad a goal for Leeds,and Butterworth equalised the scores by dropping ore for Rurcorn. Final score :—Leeds Parish Church, one goal and one try (five points); Runcorn,one goal and one try (five points.)

===== 0002601_19000412_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockport v. Widnes.

At Edgeley Park, Stockport, before 6,000 spectators. 'Stockport, generally held th s upper hand, but found the define° of Widnes very safe, and there was no scfore at half-time. The play after the restart was very fast,and both sets of players appeared to have had enough of it before the close. As time drew near the teams tried hard to gain the winning point, wad at length Bown ran cleverly through, and although tackled by Simister he managed to pass the ball to Peacock, who scored, Bitey failing at goal. Final score :—Widnes, one try (three points); Stockpcirt nil.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER MATCHES.

WARRINGTON "A " v. FLETCIIER RUSSELL'EL—War- rington " A " encountered Fletcher Russell's, their rivals, for the third time this season, on the Warrington ground, ia beautiful weather, before a fair attendance of spectators. Hallam, Duckworth, and Hockenhall assisted tee" A" team, and Fletcher's played a strong team. Fairhurst started for Warrington, and no reply being made, the first scrimmage took place in the Engineers' quartere, but Knight, the full back,relieved with a huge kick. and Moores failing to return a scrimmage took place. The Engineers' back indu:ged in passing, but forward passes spoilt the movement,and the chances were lost. By short kicking and tackling the Engineers got into the Warrington quarters, and from a scrimmage under the Warrington posts, Foden dropped a neat goal. kfter the restart, Warrington went as ay with a rush and Ratcliffe and Jewkes by smart passing reached the Engineers 25, From a free kick near the half way line, 1 Aehurst, the old Warringtonisn, dropped a fine goal. The "A" team now began to look up and Moores getting pessession in the home quarter ran a short distance and passed to Hockenhall, who dodged about half-a-dczen land then passed to Hatton, a for ard, who raced over under the posts. Hallam's kick at goal was touched by one of the opposing team before going over the bar and no goal resulted. A passing mos,ement by the Engineers' backs, resulted in Feden running over and grounding behind the posts. The same player added the other 2 points. After this reverse, Warrington played up with renewed effort and from a scrimmage on the Engineers' line, Moores got over, the goal kick going wide. Half- time arrived with the Engineers leading by 9 points to 6. In the second half with the aid of the wind Warrington played better and tries were scored by Hockenhall and Allan. The final score read :—Warrington "A " 12 pAnts, Fletcher Russell's 9 points.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

Simultaneous Draughts Playing.

On Monday E vening, at tilie Cairo-street School Rooms, Mr. Frank Dunne, draughts champion of Warrington, gave an exhibition of simultaneous dr aurrhis playing, in dd of he funds of the Warrington Draughts League. The entertainment was well supported by the members of the and friend. The play c,..i.-nmenced at 8 p.m., twenty draughts boards and sets f men being ar- ranged on the tables, at d as many cloug!ity knights, mated at their respective boards, determined to" do or die." A pr:za of a book treating upon the game was dieted by Mr. Dunne to all who might succeed in winning a. game 'vim him, and strenuous I ff,rts were made by several of thP combat- ants to ettsin the coveted honour ; but although at one or two boards the champion's game seemed to assume a we,k position, it was found that he kept the draw well in hand, and at 9.45 p.m hen the last game was cot-ended, the score stood 16 wins for Mr Dunne and five gam, s drawn out of a total of 21 games contested. The dri,,wn games were played by Messrs W Tomkinson, W Rigby, T Albinsen, W Hewitt, and T Forbes. The losers wire Mess's E Ogden, M Gorman, P Wilcock, E Desketh, E P Dunne, W Clarke, J W Robinson, T McCue, S Rowbotham, F Wright, S Albinwo, A Albin- see.. F Warburton, W Massey, J Albinson anii A Brown. A hearty vote of that-3(g. proposed by Mr E W Clarke, and seconded by Mr D Plinston, was accorded to Mr Dunne for his services.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PREP; TO RHEUMATIC AND PARALYTIC

SUFFIt RIOS, an Illustrated Boo.", on the r-ornpiete horn Cure of these Diseases, preface by F. V. 7. Cole, M.D., who regards the am hor as the highest authority. Send stamp for book to the VENo INSTITUTE, 13, Devonshire-street, Mac- oh

' COAGULTINTaI Cement for braen articles, E,-1. 11. ; Postage hi. CA everywhere, Home and Abroad.— Advt.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
H O:Ne to Hid: ...!-ie

t, °the.

"If not, the Children would take

it all at one dose, they like

it so well?'

Nlr. 'Th , --,Th -,- ..-.. -fr-:::: ,' \••••. v- -----7----.... •••- itm ) ) . :-.,!ji, )0 ._,..-, --, -C(.•_'( I/ a ,ff'Ts-----i. k 5 \(- - ) ..------) ..- _x_.---,,,, . - _, - „ , 5 (it• l , ) ( Tit)lo,,N/1 )1) N.. , '--423=-4.___ ) % ?,..., (' (Cv , / ',.:',41,4*# :-•;-,; ',.. ~,,Y.li'''lo4`f ...) 0 C - f(-'' ( 1 -- ,e(ls' "0,441•141-1,-.. ' ' - (r)fil/, 41), • - • --4 'fr ''''' ,-..":•`-- ./ // '--4-A-I .- ~ ~... - _ . _ ......_ i •,,t . ~

===== 0002601_19000412_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BEATRICE JENNINGS.

There are many reasons why Scott's Emulsion is the test of all hJusehold remedies. In the first place,it is common in very household at one time or another for tin ktealth of some member of the family to decline. From any one of a hundred or a thousand causes the system becomes undermined. Then at the first exposure there is a cough or cold, or bronchitis, or eome other r.ilnsent which needs prompt attention. Scott's Emulsion is the best known specific for coughs, colds, and bronchitis,and all other forms of inflimmation of throat or lungs, but as a specific is only a small part of its useful- ness. To get down deeper into the cause of these local affections and treat the system as a whole is the best use to which Scott's Emulsion can be ap- plied. In wilting about the general use of Ssott's Emul- sion for colds, a gentleman from Preston, Lanca- shire, says : _

" 33, Euston Street, " Preston, Lancashire, " - May 3rd, 1899.

, "Dear Sirss—l cannot epe*lc too higlely of Scott's Emulsion ; it has done my children more gocd for colds than anything they have ever taken. You may be well assured that Scott's Emulsion will be well recommended by us to friends and others. We have to hide the bottle ; if not the children would take it

(From a Photograph.)

all at one dose, they like it so well. " Yours faithfully, (Signed) "GEORGE JENNINGS." In Mr. Jenningies letter we find another reference to the fondness of children for the taste of Scott's Emulsion. In fact, in the majority of letters which we have received frbm those who describe the benefits derived by their children from Scott'S Emulsion there is a special reference to the avidity' with which children take this preparation. Thit3 fact alone is most satisfactory, because as a rule children dislike taking medicine, but in reality it iS of minor importance compared to the perfect form in wh'.ch Scott's Emulsion offers cod-liver oil to diges- tion. Where the plain oil upc'ets the stomach and dr ranges digestion,Seott's En. uhion will have a favour- able effect upon it. In fact this preparation stirat.l- - the appetite, and by its ease of absorption it ss quickly taken into the blood, where it is used to ink" prove the condition of the whole system. Scott's Emulsion is a standard remedial agent endorsed hi all physicians. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion bY sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95.Grea.t Saffron Hill, London, EC., and mentioning this paper. All chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
PAIKIN'S FURNITURE.

CASH OR CREDIT DELIVERED FREE'FOR. 5 tIIT,TiIS. '49 A I ty AND -1 VIERSEY STREET. A. . WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
-

Acton Sun: lay ' ILlttAr OUndaya

50, 7 2;

Burail 545, 6& biondayt Blackb 147 5 40 Blackp 1135 10 0

BlackP 49, 45

. . Bolton IQ,

Carlial 6 42, Sul cepted Chestel 6 &VT 3C

CollinE za,2 10 7 15, 8 1 Crewe 45 6 4 55.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ENVELOPES s. PER 11000. " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET RRLNGTON.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_19000412_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ~

2-15 p.m

===== 0002601_19000412_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown

S 17E-0771CE8 *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Whawick *Wargrave

WILL Boxlts Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Claiborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan ..... Burtouwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6p. time as letters.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lym m Manchester, 5.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire ... Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Wirin & Earleston n London, Foreign, and the South Alidland Counties & South Wales Preaton, Norah Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester .... . Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counth e, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W s9lston, Stockton Heath aud Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Ea.st f.an Counties . .........

===== 0002601_19000412_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WANT OF THE DAY.

MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW. rTH E GREATEST 1. BOON ever of- red to the Laundress or imparting an Ivory inish t o Starched men. Laces, etc. It )es not stick to spider. .eb - like materials. once tried always 'anted. Used in the

-Royal Laundries. Should be used in very house. Sold by most Starch Ssllers in Packets, id , d., and6d. Prepared only by T. CRITOILLY, Blackburn.

, ..:5- .:, li ,ii*Alleti...; 7.::::,.' ....,,,,1 .:, 1 'itT, .1. 4 V.: ?,"'' T., .. ,'..- ,::: c, fei ', ~,tif,;.,,,,4;11,..:-,114. "1.:14,._:::;i5it',,, .„.17.1(;::,,,,,!,..;.:-;.• :, fifo t It t'..,g-'.4t,4:4:lfA'"*Vt '. . I:''.•ptit7,e'-',-,,,f•:-4 Li ':4"04:10;01..-:: rti,,T,-...,,,,A,,,tiv do, ''''''''''''-ttl;,''f'l"'..4'rr,,:',.::'.. k,,,...,-;:',7111/4., . '''''', '''''"'iS:, . wi ~, q , / . ' .

===== 0002601_19000412_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, E 7 pm.

6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.33 a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. I Nil.

from the Receiving Office at Earle,. ~m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same

.S FOLLOWS:-

I To I I Callers. I

By Postmen, 7-0 a. it.

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 „ }ll-30 „ }ll-45

11-30 a.m.

} 12-0

12-15 p.

2-15 , 1 3-15 . ,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_19000412_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Sunday.

4.30 p.m

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Ni!. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 a.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, THURSDAY, APRIL 12 1900

===== 0002601_19000412_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
.FOR LAMES.

Should be read by al,—Ladies between 16 and 60. Some think too Much is told, but knowledge is power. .tlent, in envelope, for is. 2d., by 11,, T. R. Allinson (Box A), 4 Spanish Place, London, W.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
,A._4llllt • • -:•-• • • .• r. •

===== 0002601_19000412_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLES. BARGAINS. I,boo MACHINES, New and Second- ..., hand,from 30s. eachiAgents WANTED wholesale list free any address.— WARRILOW & COMPANY, Weston super-Mare,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FOOTBALL COUP_E riTION. £5O for 10 correct results ; £25 for 9 correct results (if not won) ; £2O for next best if neither 1,50 nor ,C 25 -£lO for next best (if £so or £25 is won) ; £3 sender of the most Coons.

,"5o is is wora to the

Aggregate Prize 1.00 must be wor„

An Aggregate Prize of ,4.1 oo will be awarded the Competitot who scores the greatest number of points during the season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the _.50 prize will be credited with 4 points the prize 3 points; the prize 2 points; and the £'° prize r point.

20 Coas for SHILLING P,0.; If in Stamps EACH OF THE NUMBERS BELOW R" 'SENTS A

15 are required !OUPON.

:ITCHES PLAYED APRIL 21.

Southampton v Bury••• - ... ••• "'

1 Liverpool v 2 Notts Forest ... ... ...

1 Newcastle United. v 2 Stoke v ... ... ... ...

1 Notts County v 2 Everton ... ... ... ...

1 Manchester City v 2 West Bromwich Albion

1 Middlesbrough v 2 Newton Heath ... ... ...

1 Walsall v 2 Sheffield Wednesday ...

1 Burslem Port Vale v 2 Lincoln City ... ... ... ...

1 Burton Swifts v 2 Woolwich Arsenal... ... ..

1 New Brompton V 2 Bristol City ... ... ...

WARRINGT Each Club is numbered lor 2. All the Competi space provided. If a draw is 'tended put X. —NOTH —Dc This Competition is run in conjunction with the

ON EXAMINER" SERIES COUPO tor has to do is to repeaL the number of the Club he se

;ects to wi

In In the

)n't cut the Coupon into strips, send the complete form "Competition Key," and other papers.

NAME ~

ADDRESS CONDITIONS. I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in more other coupon used. One Shilling Postal Order must be Any number of coupons an be sent in if paid for at the rate of 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. 3.—No competitor can take more than one share of the £lO prize. IL—The coupons must be forwarded to the Examiner Office Warrington, the envelope to be endorsed Football Coupon," so as to be delis,ered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope bears Wednesday's postmark, it will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. b.—Competitors demanding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Or r (if any), and num bet of coupons sent. In the event of the claim proving correct the fe will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7.—A1l attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in, in the next competition,so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors 9.—The results will appear in the fir t issue following the result of the matches. [RESULTS OF COMPETITIM AND LIST OF WINNERS ON PAGE 5.]

'.-,bPn one free coupon. Enclose id. stamp for every enclosei if all the coupons on above sheet are used One Shilling for each 20.

vi o rer Azl/4 G;!..Sina.Ag OX.

EPRESh, I-- Free 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 23 • ....... .• • • .... • ••• 6 6 N.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
p.:' • - 4t : - ...4• • 4,; .' .1 lir, ' ' ,Y -5* . , •• ....' 9 ~,,,,- t -,,,+ • *6Ct, ,- ,0.., 's,. % . 4,1: ~L 4,41- , •,..47, - i',.l**l' - • . .f. ~.§o.'", k.'4, .. 11. AX.,,, - . .1.4 t _4.= - —4'-‘.-f. f.:, i.',' Pp.. ,''.• `Ar- ' k lig. 4, •,, 1 1,9,4" ; • %. ~, ik .. A, 4,1 ,•

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Fielidache, Constipntion,

Welt Stomach, hymnired Digeation„

Disordvei" svor rek F3rau."7l6 PljAments. ..

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. -Helens, Lancashire, hi. boxes. Is. Id. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
@ ,o

===== 0002601_19000412_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
over 10/- Carr

iage Paid (unl

The Largest and Most Liberal Rectal Write or Call for Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. Prom

===== 0002601_19000412_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
less otherwise s. F.I Tradorz In the World. ipt Attention given to all Country Orders.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
A. W. CAMACE LT-9 HOLBORN, MON, E.C:

I

1:.g6,66,0660666-066ec.-8C)6660e.0(66

===== 0002601_19000412_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19000412_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 4

===== 0002601_19000412_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
__

===== 0002601_19000412_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
trttr3 to the Obiter.

Some Curious Phenomena of the War.

S.r,—Tise war n,, rri in Soeth Affirm has given ris t some curious and suggestive phenomena upon which, wito r ur Kind permission I should like to offer a little free and independent criticism. For a non siderable time prior to the breaking out of hostiltiese not a few prominent politicians were engaged in making vehement speeches, both in Parlia- ment and out of it, aeainet. this country going to war with the Tzaosvaal Republic. Wheteor those speeches were mere rhetorical ll:eurishos to catch the public ear, or genuine expreisione of well grounded conviction I cannot say. But a very grave fact in relation to them stands out clear and distinct before the world. When the speakers found that their eloquence was powerless to arrest the bane of the goeerernent they imentdiately turned round and stultified themselves by voting for the men and moues- demand° I for the pro?ecutieu of a war which they had just denounced as unjustifiable and crinainal. One cannot reset the conviction that such conduct WA9 dishonourable to educated men, and be- trayed a looseness of principle up)n a momentous sub- ject that will assuredly lower them in the oyes of honest people. In mist spheres of humble life such double dealing would cause men to be distrusted and shanned by their friends and neighbours. At the outset, and for a long time after, there was a great and bewildering confusion regarding the object of the war. SAM held that England was fighting for equal rights all iourie in the Transvaal; others were of opinion that the Neheth'e vineyard of the goldfie'ds Was the end in view ; weile seme, more profane than the rest, de- clared from the pulpits that the killing and wounding of the Boers would tend to the e xtension of Christ's King- dom ! But ell doubt and uncertainty upon the subject leave been cle.ared up now. The Transvaalers and their friends are fighting for liberty and independence—two very precioua things to brave and self respecting people —but our object is to deprive them of both. and to put a foreign yoke round their necks. Now I venture to submit that a war of this kind, a war of the strong against the weak, of a mighty empire again.t people not more numerous than the inhabitants of Ssliord is net one to commend itself to just and humane minds. Besides such a war has never before been known in our history,and its inception and carrying out aresure indica- tions of national declension from the ancient traditions of English justice and fairplay. But in whatever light we may regard the war there can be no room fez doubting its popularity. It has raised a greet wave of enthusiasm all over the country. Liberals and Conservatives, Mayors and Town Council- lors, religious people, and people of no religion are all clamourine for its continuance to the bitter end, that is to the aneihilation of the Boer Republics. All this muet be discoureglng to the friends of peace whe are now des- pised on all hands, some of them even suffering insult and violence on account of their advocacy of peace prin- ciples. But surely no reasonable person will deny that public opinion, however energetically expressed is, at the best, hot a very fallible standard by which to test the righteousness of any cause. Men are naturally fickle, and more easity led by wrong than by right influences, applauding one day and condemning the next. The Saviour of the world had a painful experience of the shortsightedness and perversity of our poor human nature. The crow& who, on a memoral le occasion, escorted him to Jerusalem with shouts ofshosanna were in all probability, the very men who, a few days after, cried out crucify Him, ci ucify Him. And it may be that some of the au' hors of this popular war will live to see the day wire, its awful cost of blood and treasure having been brought home to the putlic mind, they will be execrated as enemies of their country. But we have a higher and a curer test than public opinion to apply te the war, and according to this test its popularity is the strongest condemnation that could be brought against it. The test te• which I refer is to be found in the solemn words ef Jesus, namely, "That which is highly esteemed &moue men is abomination in the sight of God." (Luke xvi., 15). I remember the war in the Crimea, but I cannot call to mind that anything was done by the public to miti- gate the sorrow and destitution of the widows and or- phans of the men who perished in that terrible conflict. But we seem to have become more humane now. Some time ago tbe Queen ordered her faithful henchmen, the Bishops, to make collections in all the State Churches for the wives and children of the auxiliary forces "called to the front." And even before tier Majesty took the matter in hand local bodies were getting up subscriptions for the same purpose. Now it seems to me that this is rather a shabby way of shifting responsibility from the proper shoulders. If the House of Commons found no difßculty in voting sixty millions sterling ior fighting purposes surely it might have provided a few millions to keep the dependents of the soldiers from starvation ; more especially as it knew that multitudes of these dependents would be made widows and orphans by the operations of the war. But if the Government is mean enough to allow some of the families of its wor paid servants to depend upon the cold hand of public charity for subsistence it is the rich and not the poor that should be called upon to contribute the funds. The people who possess the wealth of the country can a'.;ford to be patriotic ; but it is neither fair nor seemly to pass the colleetion sheets into factories and other centres of labour where conaparatively few of the worLers can get beyond " a living wage." One striking point more ere 1 close. The great enthu- siasm evoked by the war has not been without its wet blankets. And these cooling appliances were ad- ministered by no ism a personage than the Chancellor of the Exchequer. War costs money,as well as human and animal lives, and the present one is being waeed at an enormous expenditure of both. The Finance Minister has, of courss, to make the payments and he must look se the taxpayers for the necessary cash. No sr it is surely reasonable to expect that the people who "delight in war" sleeted also delight in paying for it. But this is not always the case. In the preeent instance, directly it became known that the Chancellor's Budget contained additional taxation on account of the war, there was a tremendous rush to take the dutiable articl s involve I out of bond in order that they might escapethe advanced itnposts ! The friends of peace are too few and too poor to have paid two millions in a few days for such a pur- pose. It was the "Big Englanders," the people who love to aillg. " Rule Britannia " and Kipling's doggerel. who rushed to the Customs to save their pockets ! Yours truly, April 6;11, 1900.

lONS.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

The Works' Competition.

The matches in the Works' Competition have been con- tinued during the past week, and seine interesting games have been witnessed. On Tuesday evening the first round was brought to a close with a finely-contested game between the C.L.C. 3nd Messrs. itylencia' Bros. Monday's evening's match was a game between Rich- mond's and Edeisten's.A fine evening and the prospect of a close struggle drew a good number te the Wilderspool enclosure. The match turned out to be of a more one sided character than was at first anticipated, for Rich- mond's held the upper band from start to finish. The match was nut without its humorous aspect. Nothing could be more lauehable to the real football enthusiast than to see the floundering about and crude atteinpts at "style" that are witnessed in connection with these works' cempetitions. Toe jerseys too, are of every conceivable cescription and contain as many colours as the rainbow. Towards the close, as these nondescrip's rush wearily on, panting and puffing and sweating the while, they are encour- aged to persevere hy some partisan wile yel's out some Fhop nick-name. Monday's match was some. thing of this kind 8 ei a score was indicated by a blast on an unmusical horu. The best display of football was given by the winoing eide who showed the better com- bination. H. Massey at half back was very succssful and scored two tries. The third was scored byJ Finnegan towards the close of the match. All attempts at goaline were a failure. Referee Frank Turner did his, beit to make the teems conform to the rules-ot the Northern Union with some success. When the whistle sounded for time, darkness was creeping oreand Richmond'a retired winners by nine points to nil. There was a laree, attendance at the match on Tuesday evening when the C LC. and Rylands' men tried con- clusions for the third time. On the two previous occasions, engagements had resulted in draws and it was expected that there would be a keen rrugele. The first half was of a very even character and when the teams crossed over there was only a slight advantage in favour of the C L.C. who were leading by o points, tee result of a dropped goal by Mason. In the second half, however, the railway men showed superier stamina and used their addiLioaal weight with effect. On almost every ccasion the bad was heeled out of the scrimmage to the C.L.C.backs whe male good use of their ocpertunities. Wilkes, who played a promising game at haif-hack, scored two tries, and Forster, an old Warringtort player, added a th-rd. Kuieht was entrus- ted with the coal kicks, and placed two goals out of three attempts. The Rylands',team had EcircAy a chance in this balf, and the railway men ran out winners by three goals, three tries (15 wenn+) to nil.

Temperance Hall, Latchford. The usual weekly meeting was held on Monday evening. Bro J Unsworth occupied the chair. The business was quickly disposed of, and after Br o E Cliffe had expreEsed sympathy with Bros Councillor Ellison and Frederick Blesse in their illness, the following members took pirt in an interesting pro- gramme :—Sist.-rs M Barlow. N Hampson, Bros I Brundretc, A Baden, and J Wright. The humor- ous part W 9.4 ably taken by Bros A Ford and H Fletcher. A pleasant meetinz closed at 9.30. PUBLIC BV.NEFIT UNDER TnE CLOCK FOR BEST OOTS IN LANCASRIRE.—AdTt. ASK for CUNNINCILIAII'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL W.ATILES.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' 'l;e!*-*'•

===== 0002601_19000412_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
_ - • 1011111111111111-4.•••-•7!‘"•,,,,* _ ,401112 t r-, 4 • • , g,". • A 44 %lire. •-•

THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Activity of the Boers. Safe Return of a Missing Patrol.

Telegram from Lord Roberts.

The following has been posted at the War Office from Lord Roberts:—

Bloemfontein, April 10.—The euemy have been very active during the pat few days.

One commando is now on the north bank of the Orange River, not far from Aliwal North, while another is attacking Wepener. The garrison there is holding out bravely, and inflicted serious loss on the Boers yesterday. Major Springer, of the Cape Mounted Rifles killed. No other casualties reported as yet. The troops are being moved up rapidly. Patrol of six men of the 7th Dragoons reported missing since the night of April 7th.

From Lord Roberts to the Secretary of State for VFar:--

• Bloemfontein, April 10.—Patrol reported missing in my telegram to-day has returned safely.

Alleged Serious Disaster, 600 Killed and Wounded. 900 PRISONERS. Boer Loss Small.

A" Daily Mail" telegram from Brandort says that General De 14 et on Saturday inflicted a third defeat on the British within a week, at Meerkats- fontein, killing and wounding 600. He captared 009 prisoners, and twelve waggons, losing five Boers killed and nine wounded. The "New York Herald" Paris correspondent ha 3 received a telegram from Preturia as follows:— Pretoria, Sunday.—De Wet continues his brilli- ant operations south of Bloemfontein. Yesterday he again inflicted a blow upnn the British attacking them near Meerkatsfoutein. He captured 900 prisoners and iuflicted heavy losses. The remainder of the British retreated towards Bloemfontein. De Wet's flying column has within a week defeated the British twice, captured 1,800, seven guns, and 'extensive booty.

A" Daily News" telegram fiom Pretoria is to the same effect, but gives 800 prisoners.

[lt will be seen that Lord Roberts's despatch, written three days after this alleged engagement, makes no mention whatever of any such event.]

The Fighting at Mafeking. Coronel Pi umer's Wound.

In the action between Ramathlabama and Male- king, on March 31, Colonel Plumer and Major Weston were slightly wound ed. The other casual- ties are comparatively heavy.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Ladysmith's Naval Defenders.

H.M.S. Powerful arrived at Portsmouth on Wednesday and was received w ith the usual salutes Return of General Gatacre to England.

BLOEMFONTEIN, TUESDAY.

Ganeral Sir William Gatacre is returning to England. General Sir H. Chermside has been appointed to the command of the Eleventh Division. Several changes are likely to be made in the brigade commands.

No More Leniency for Cape Rebels.

A War ning Proclamation.

Lord Roberts has issued a proclamation warning the inhabitants of Nortk ern Cape Colony that the utmost rigours of martial law will be shown offenders aiding the enemy.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
The Boer Prisoners.

The Boer prisoners at Simonstown are all to be sent to St. Helena in batches,

===== 0002601_19000412_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Losses.

The following losses in local regiments have been re- ported during the week Bth. Bawl Hospital, Pietermartzburg ht Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, Lane. -se:geant J. Whittaker, enteric. April 7th. At Naauwport : 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, Private A Sch•lfield, d-sentery ; Ist South Lancashire Regimeot, Private J. Jetteries, enteric. Local Men taken Prisoners.

The following members of the South Lancashire Regi- ment are reportei to be imprisoned at Pretoria :—Pri- vate William Spencer, Eligher Runcorn ; Private John Parry, 18, Gorsey-la,ne, Warrington. The Late Private J. W. Malkin. An Impressive Funeral.

The fol./owing letter • has been received by Mr. S. Baldry, of the Warrington Ambulance Corps, from Private John S. Dimelow, a member of the Cmps who is servinl in South ifrica :—" Green P,,int Camp, near Capenwn, S3uth Africa. 21d March. Dear Sir,—" It is with groat regret that we have tl write you about the death of nur dear comrade. John Malkin, who died at Woodstock hospital on Monday las', the 181 i, of enteric fever. All the St. John men at Woodstock and from this camp followed him to his last resting place (a iovely spot.) The service was most impressive, and went to the hearls of all present. The names of the bearers were Pzivates Newns, Holloway, Dimelow, Maddock, John- son, and Longinore, in charge of staff sergeant Buckley. of the 24th Field Hospital. We should like you to send this letter of condolence to his parents with our united sympathy. Some beautiful flowers were sent by his old comrades. We leave for Kimberley to-morrow. With very kind regards, believe me, yours,very sincerely, JOlll,l T. Dnignow:"

Writing to Mr. Malkin, 27, Mersey-street, Warrington, the father of the late Private Malkin,Sergeant W.Bnight of the St. John Ambulance Brigade says "I am very sorry to have to tell you of the death of your son. He was taken ill with enteric fever about the 13:h of March awl had been getting on nicely for a few days when he had a replase and died on the 19th. He was unconscious before he died. I was with him just before. We shall miss him very much as he was a nice fellow and we are all very sad at the loss of one of our best friends. We all aympathise with you in your sad loss. Tnere were some friends fmm Warrington at the funeral. About 80 attended it. Thera were only ten of us here se we shall feel it very much. We bought him a very nice wreath as it Was the last we could do for him. I will send you a p"rtrait of him talun about two days before his illness. I am sending his chocolate home."

===== 0002601_19000412_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Departure of Lieutenant G. R. Crosfield.

Lieutenant G. R. Crosfield, of Warrington, left South ampton on Wedn.sday with the Manchester Yeomanry- for the front. On Sunday evening the members of the .Warrington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade of which Mr. Crosfield is superintendent, secretary and treasurer, presented him with a silver sandwich box. Captain Waring, the chief superintendent made the pre- sentation on behalf of the subscribers. He has since re- ceived the following letter from Mr. Crosfield :—"Please thank the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of the Warrington Ambulance Corps most sincerely, for the far too handsome present they have given me. It will be most useful, and every time I make use of it I shall think of you all in the corps. I regret immensely not being able to come awl say good-bye to you all. Please thank every one in the elms from me for their most kind " send-off " to me." Mr. Crosfield wag, ac- corded a very hearty send off at the Qiieetes Soapworks, Liverpool, on Monday morning.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Arrival of Lancashire Reservists.

The transport Briton which contains 300 reservists of the it.h Sings Liverpool Regiment who leit Warrington several weeks ago arrived at Table Bar on Tuesday. It has abm cn board m9n of the Royal Enaineers. Devon- shire, L'icestelshire. and Manchester Regiments,Gordon Highlanders, Racal Welsh Fusiliers,Roval Irish Fusiliers, Connaught Rangers, and Edinburgh Hospital.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
"Short of Tobacco."

The following is a copy of a letter which has been re- ceived from 5,648 Private Fred Bee6ll, 2nd Battalion King's Shropshire Light Infantry, by hi father, who reside 3 at Warrington. It is: dated March sth, but was only received on Saturday la, having been nearly five wceks on the way :—" Paardeberg, Monday, March sth

===== 0002601_19000412_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, THURSDAY, APRIL 12. 1900.

1900. Dear Father,—l received the papers and letter all I right to-day, and also one from W--, who tells me he is nice and comforteb'e. By the time you get thii I darpF.ay y•-•u will have c,ylv hrgotten hoot the capture (if Ci,ntrai Crnnj;) and 4,000 er 5,000 prisoners Sze., but it was we and the Canadians who ca)4ht them.Tll,l7 Lad tons of ammunition, and, as I tol I you, e ere al- ways sniping at Us, although only one of our company was hit through the leg, but not very seriously. ‘Ve are still in the same place. It is raining nearly every night. We are flooded out, but there is nothing else for it but lie and sleep in it. It is very nice in the day. I have got the choeolate box with me ready to send to you or W----(that is, it con would like it) as soon as we get to a station. I can'i-, srid it from here as it wou'd get lost. We can't get stamps or anything else here, as wa are in tha country. We are still living on three biscuits a day, and meat. We cannot eat the meat as it is tough. We have all gone short of tobacco and we cannot buy any. The other day some of the men were giving 103 for a few cigarettes, although tobacco is the cheapest thing we can buy here, for it is only is 41 a pound to us, and good 'bacca. too. We have smoked all theßoer tobacco now, and can't buy a bi', I supoose, till we get to some station,—From your loving SOO,FRED, wishing you all good luck." Added to this is a post- script which roads as follows :—"One half of the Volun- teers will be sorry, I'll bet,if they get on the same terms. There would not be so many willing to come out here if they knew what they would have to undergo."

:

===== 0002601_19000412_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
A Warrington Policeman with Lord

Roberts.

The following letter has been received by P.C. Hesp, of the Warrington Police Force, from P.C. S. Howard, a member of the force, who is serving in South Africa with the 3rd Grenadier Guards :—" 3eci Grenadier Guards, South A trice, March Bth, 1900. Dear Ted,—l now take the opportunity of writing yoe a few lines in answer to your letter es hich I did not reeeive until the 2611 of February. I was very pleased to hear from you and my comrades. I expect you are having some good news in England now the tide hes turned and we are making the Boers fly in every direction. We have left Lor Methuen's Division. It is bi.eken up and he is in Kimberley. We are with Lord Roberts fiehting our way to Bloemfontein the capital of the Free State and from which we are about 25 miles distant. Roberts is a good general and we are only to ) will- ing to do anything he puts us to de. About a week ago our battalion escorted some 4,000 Boer 'prisoners from Slip Drift to Modder River. They were nothing but a lot of dirty rebels. There were women with children in their arms about five or snx menths Some of them I darosay having been on the field since the war started. A great many or the aisti would be about 80 years of age. Don't be aexious to come out here Ted as there is a let of marching to do in the blazing sun. 1 had bliiters on my feet as big as camp kettles. Though so hot in the day time it is ye y cold at night and sometimes rain, in (orrecits all night through. We have no shelter only what we are standing up in not even a loose coat. There are a great many dead Boers, oxen, and mules, lying on the road and the smell is enough to give one the fever. We bad a battle about two days ago. The Boers retreited and we captured two guns. They left them on the top of a kopje not being able to get them away without risking capture themselves. A Boer prisoner told ma tne other day that we should never get into Bloemfontein or Pretoria but I told him we should or die in the attempt. The men who work the Boors big guns are mostly Germans or French- men; they do not knee much about them t hemiel yes but profess to use the rifle and are always tllking about their shooting. Although we are suffering a lot of hardships, Jack (P.C. 33 John W Hurst) and I are in as good health as ever and he wishes to be remembered to you all. I don't think we will want any more troops out here. We have only to give the Boers a good thrashing so if all gees on well Gibbs, Bradley and yourself will not be sent out to give us a hand. I received tho paper 1.113V;i8 sent about an hour ago and I was very pleased to get it. Hurst and I send our bast wishes to all on the force. This is all I have to say at present from your old pal, Samuel Howard."

===== 0002601_19000412_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY NOTES.

Second Lieutenant Broadbent lately appointed to the .Ist Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, at Warrington, has been appointed lieutenant in the Imperial Yeomanry and has lett for the front. Second Lieutenant Stuart of the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment in headquarters at War- ringtou,has been given a commission in the regular service becoming Second Leutenant in the Man- chester Regiment. He will join the new 3rd bat- talion of the corps now being formed. He was ap- pointed Second Lieutenant in the 3rd battalion South Lancashire Rogiment in November last. Captain Lally Flood just promoted to that rank in the South Lancashire Regiment, being employed with the mounted infantry in South Africa there is now a vacancy for a captain in the regiment which will probably be tilled by the promotion of Lieu- tenant Carlyou.

Major Fre-wen who was a short time ago brigade adjutant of the 9th Yeomanry Cavalry brigade which consists of the Cheshire Yeomanry and the Lancashire Hussars, has been promoted lieu- tenant-colenel and appointed to command the 16th Lancers now on active service in South Africa.

Second Lieutenant Musgrave, lately appointed to the Arms, Service Cmps from the sth Battalion Sings Liverpool Regiment, with headquarters at Warrington, has been appointed to do duty with the A.S.C. at London

Lieutenant Fox has been promoted Captain in the Liverpool Regiment, and takes over command of a Company in the Ist Battalion in south Africa Captain Greenway will also shortly be promoted to the rank of Major in the Liverpool Regiment, and then Lieutenant Denham of the 2nd Battalion, and who is serving at Warrington with the Depot Com- panies of the Corps, will be advanced to the rank of Captain in the Liverpool Regiment. Second-Lieutenant Radford appointed to a com- mission in the Liverpool Regiment from the Derby- shire Militia Battalion at Manchester, will join the new 3rd Battalion Liverpool Regiment now being formed. Both the 3gd and 4th Battalions Liverpool Regiments are being strengthsned by recruits from the depot at Warrington but at present both these Battalions have a strength of only about 200 of all ranks for the two battalions.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANNI-

VERSARY.

Services and Meetings at Warrington.

Foreign missionary anniversary services were held in Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday. In the morn- ing the Rev C. H. Hocken (late of India) preached a sermon from the words " Decei.re Ilia glory among the heathen, hi a worders among all people." Psalm xevi.3. In the course of his remarks he spoke of the religious life of the Hindoos, and gave examples of the tortures and punishments they.inflicted upon themselves in order that, as they thought, they might be cleansed frern their sins. Fr instanca,a Hindu woman would walk through jungles, forests, over rivers, enceuntering risks of being robbed, in order to wash herself iu the waters of tee sacred river. A male Hindu would sit in a ring of fire with his head shaved exposed to tne heat of a burning Indian sun for the same object. The rev. gentlemen eehibited a picture which he had houelit, outside a tem- ple, which showed the Hinclu conception of Goef,and an idol which was called the God of Difficulty. It was a man's body with an elephaut's hesd and four arms. The heathens had unworthy and inaleqeste conceptions of God, and the great aim of the m'ssionaries was to per- lect these conceptions by the teachines of Christianity . The missionaries told them of things that their best and highest teachers had been dreaming ahout and feeling afcer in the dark—thiegs that they might discover in Christ.

A service somewhat novel in character was held in the schoolroom in the afternoon, presided over by Mr Prince Mr and Mrs Hoc'len and Master Hocken (seven years of age)aopqaredion the platform attired as a El indx) family. Mrs Hocken sang some Kanaresv lyrics, and her husband, from his own rxperience in India of the famine, gave a description of the misaionary's care for the " famine orphan." He produc4d portraits arirsome of the little rescued ones, and Master Hocken spoke a little in the Kanarese language. There was a large coneTegation at the eveoirra ser- vices, when Mr. Hocken preached from the words "And ye shall be witnesses unte Me both in Jerusalem, and in Judea, an in Samaria. and unto the uttermost parts of the earth."—Acts i. 8. The speker urtred upon the congrega,ion to become " witnesaes," so that, by their live 4, they might win others for the Lord. He showed how the disciples understood the last instructions of the Saviour and carried them out, and if they were men endowed with the grace of God there was no option left but to folic w thrir example. He pointed out in goriclusion, the great ne,fis o the heathen world, and appealed to the corgregation to take their side in the grt at campaign for God and for righteoumesa against all iniquity.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Benop's Mer- cantil, Gazette." the number of New Beakruptcy Pro- ceeditio in ERRland and Miles 2zetted during the week ending April 7:h, was 85. Tc nurrft)er i h' corresponding week of last year WS 36, showing an in- creahe of 49, teing a net increase in 1900, to date, of 63.

A CHANGE FOR TILE BETTER is the change you want when the vloon gets out of c,ndilion. and Dr. Jacnn TiwNsEND'S SARWARILLe. perimms tie needful with splendidly pleasing efficacy and comfort. TRIr Volumes couldn't say more.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
EAR LESTOWN & NEWTON.

P. S. A.

The usual weekly meeting of the Earlestown and District P.*A. Spciecy was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Hatton presided, and the principal speaker was Mr. J. .Lickson. Nlusical selections were given by Mr. J. Morris's juvenile choir. PRIMITIVE MRTHODIST CHURCH, EARLESTOWg. The Easter Tree and Sale of Work hel4 in con- nection with the above, particulars of which we Keve in our last issue, was continued on Saturday afternoon, when the sale was opened by Mr E George. The Rev k: Bocick presided and said that the result of AVednesday's sale was perfectly satis- factory. There was not a very large attendance, biy, a fairly brisk buiiness was done at the stalls. and the side shows were well patronised The net result. of the two days' sale is expected to arnaant. to .E 35 which is considered to be encouraging. "Ir IV Banton has acted as secretary of the undertak- ing with efficiency. THE _EASTER HOLIDAYS.

The holidays this year in Earlestowit and Newton will be similar to those of previous Eastertides. All the works will close on Thursday evening, and re- open on Tuesday morning next. There are no local attractions announced with the exception of a foot- ball match between Earlestown and Prescot, when the Earlestown bend will be in attendance, and doubtless this will attract a good number of young people for the subsequent dancing. It is pretty cer- tain a large number of people will leave the town for the popular resorts, and full advantage will be taken by the employes at the Viaduct Works of the privilege of travPlling at quarter fare. The Railway Company also offer facilitie, for reaching Liverpool, Manchester and other places at reduced rates. LORD AND LADY NEWTON.

Lord and Lady Newt-in have left their residenca in Bolgrave-squara for Lyme Park, near Stockport, in Cheshire. Lyme is a splendid plac?, the hcmse, is of vast size and contains many fine rooms. The park is one of the most picturesque and shiest in England, end deer have roamed in it for nearly 600 years. Lady Newton was a Miss Bromley-Daven- plrt, daughter of the late Mr. Bromley-Davenport. of Capesthorne,nEar Crowe, and a sister of the /re- sent owner of the property, who is so p3pular in society, also such a first-rate amateur actor, and who is now in South Africa with the Staffordshire Yeomanry. Lord Newton only succeeded to the title last rar, and before that was for some time Conservative member for Newton in Lancashire.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE BOWLING CLUB, -- EARLESTOWN.

The annual general meeting of the members of this club was beld at the Viaduct institute on Eriday evening. Mr. Joseph Emmett presided over a poer attendance of members. The balance sheet which was presented by the secretary showed that the re- ceipts, including a balance of .E 1 194 9,1-1 from t'-ie previeus season, amounted to £ll 83 9id, and the expenditure was .£lO 163 Od, leav;ng a balance of 12s 911 in the hands of the treasurer. In the elec- tion of officers, Mr Joseph Emmett was re-anpointed president ; Mr James Gee was elected secretary, in plAce of Mr James Lowe who retired, and Mr T Crompton. treasurer. The captains appointed were Messrs J Finch, J Gee and F Davies. It was decided to join the Newton Division Bowling Club Associa- tion in the coming season. On Saturday afternoon the bowling green was thrown open to the mem- bers, and the weather being summer like, a good number took advantage of the opportunity to enjoy ao afternoon's sport. EARLESTOWN BAPTIST SUNDAY SCHOOL,

The following are the prize winners in the Indus- trial Exhibition competition held in connection with the above,and to which we referred last week: —Plain sewing (a) girls under twelve. Lawn pianofore, divided between Miriam Jenkins and Louie Evett ; (h) girls over 12, calico nightress. Annie Evett. Cookery (a) loaf of bread, Nellie Jones ; (b) sultana cake, May Liversage ; (c) pastry, junior, Florrie Potts ; senior, Miss May Partington; wooden article for use, Mr Parsons; fretwork,Harry Pearson ; writing, best written copy of the Lord's Prayer, Lucy Wells; machine construction draw- ing, Willie Taylor; scrap books, Genie Wells ; essay on "Coal," T Kenning ; recitation," Coeur de Lion" (under 9), Sydney Harvey; (between 9 and 15), Ist Polly Morris; 2nd, George Ball; singing (between 9 and 15), Elizabeth Wells; young women ove- 15, Lotrie Jones; spelling bee, Ist Emily Harvey 2nd, L Harvey.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A Sr. FIRGENE BOY'S STRANGE DEATEr. At the St. Helens Town Hall on Monday Mr. S. Brig- house, county coroner, held the inquest on the body of James Houltram, aged twelve years, of 62, Union-street, who died on Thursday night last under most extraor- dinare circumstances. The deceased's mother said that on Sunday afternoon, the Ist inst., the boy Callls horns and said a lad had struck him on the head. Ee did not say who it was, nor where it happened. He was crying but soon stope ed. The boy did not go to school on Monday afternoon or Tuesriay. On Thursday he began vomiting it seven o'elock in the morning. About half past six on Thursday night, when lying on the sofa, she hoard If m making a strange noise. and before the doctor could be brought he died.—Dr. Unsworth who had made a post-mortern, said there were no marks of violence on the lad. A piece of grewth had been detached from the surface of one of the glands, and had been carried into the brain, stopping the circulation in the brain. Death was primarily due to heart disease, and secondarily to embollism.—The:Coroner said this was a very interesting case to a doctor. They could get no evidence whatever as to tho allPaed blow on the head.—A verdict of "Natural causes" was returned.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

P.S A. at the Y.M.C.A.—The Late Private

Blackwood.

The weekly meeting of the above society was held in the Lecture Hall, which was crowded oil Sunday afternoon, the president (Mr. W. Hickman) presiding. An interesting address was delivered by Mr Arthur Mounfield on "Seeing and not seeing." Twa appr)priate solos, "The Last Muster," and "He shall wipe the tear from every eye," were efficiently rendered by Mrs Gleave, and a vote of condolence was passed in silence with the 'parents and friends of the late Private W Blackwood, one of the P.S.A. members'. who recently died of pneu- monia at the front. The proceelings throughout were of a vary impressive character. Presentation at Lymm.

On Monday evening a social gathering was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Lymm, when the op- portunity was taken of making presentations to Mr and Mrs James Dodds, of Crooklands, f.yrnm, who are about to leave to take up their residence at l'enketh. The rootn was beautifully decorated for the occasion. The Rev II G Roberts presided, and he was supported by the Rev Theodore and Mrs Bishop, of the Warrington Circuit, and others. Mrs Do(!ds was preented with a salver and Mr Dods with a handsoms,ly-bound edition of Wesley's hymns. Mr Eldwin Roston, in making the presen- tation spoke of the valuable help given by Mr and Mrs Dodds during their residence in Lymm, and wished them every blessing in their new surround- ings. Mr Dodds replied in suitable terms on behalf of Mrs Dolds and himself. During the evening a musical programme was provided by several friends.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Funeral of the Late Mr. Charles Newall.

The remains of the late Mr. Charles Newell, who had been a mechanic in the markets department of the Corporation since February, 1891, were interred at the Cemetery on Sunday afternoon. The cortege left the late reeidence of the deceasel,B, Paul-street. at L3O, the funeral being attended by a number of relatives, and also by Alderman Hutchinson (chair- man of ne Markets Committee), Councillor Roeers (deputy-chairman), Councillor e Alfred Jolley, Pea- cock and John Roberts; Nir. Place (market inspec- tor), and Mr. W a Wallington (assistant inspector). A large number of friends assembled in the chapel at the Cemetery. and at the graveside. Rev E Tarbuck, vicar of St. Paul's Church, which the de- cease I had attended,spoke in complimentary terms of Mr. Newell's connection with the markets de- partment, pointing out that a good character was pleasiant, even after death, to a man's friendq, be- cauye it acted as a stimulus to follow in his foot- steps. The deceased, he knew, was a good and faithful servant, one who attended to his work whether his master were present Or absent. £6,250 SENT.

i7INOLIA Ai. WAr Fund helps Tommy Atkins, and do stet cost you anything ! VINOLIA SOAP is the best for complexion. A ha'penny is sent on every tablet told.

Cilmtritlee; Cocoi is absolutely pure, being entirely free from kols, malt, hops, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caation I The publie should insist on having CADBURY'S —io!d, only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for the rake of extra prof:Lt.—Advt. (4).

===== 0002601_19000412_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
OLO AGE STATE-AIDED PENSIONS.

Meeting at Newton.

o Seturday afternoon, a meeting re! the Newton Di pisiee ot the Old Age State Pensiou League eves held at the Town Hell, Newton. De/egates wars preseet from easieus friendly societies included in the division, core- prisine Messrs. Cowie, (Heinlein), Snepherd and Daven- port (St. Helens) Davies (Amalgamated Eegineers)Peer- son and Judsee (Sons of Temperateee), Swift (Co-operative S,ciety) Gilbey, and Gilmour (11 U. ediellows) Smite and Latham (Forresters) Borrows (Orangemen) Faircloueh and Cook. Mr. J. Twisted of Liverpool a member of the Council presided and said that was the first public meeting of tee Newtou Diviaion of the Old Age Pension League. He should like to point Out that tee object of tles meet- ing wee to propagate the principles of toe Old lee State Pension League and to iuturest the members of Frien liv S -cietns and Trades Unions and other Tier ft organise. tione on this moat important subject, and tap ther to explain:by queatioa:and answer thelbjects of the League through tilt Press to the general pub ie,ani so endeevoar to seesaw time assistance of ratepayers in carrying out tee resesure wieicle the League believed to be of vital interest to the welfare of tee c:eintry. (Hear, hear.) And the last and not least important of the objeets of this League was to obtain by every legitimate means state aided psnslans for the worthy and desirving poor. (Applause.) Par ft Eaton, divisionel secretary, suhrnittel a report ef the work den° in the dirision ia ceneeetien with the ,! League. In September 1899, they decided that it would no useless for one lodge or society to attempt to make any proere le in educating the thetesta:ll in this dividoe, for this question could only be hr ,u4ht to a serene del issue by education to fully realise the befits Ithat wsuld be derived by all seeieties forrnel to assist the workiag classes in times of adversity either from sickaess or any other Geese. They also reelz el the feet that as a matter of course, Parliametea y reforms were introduced inte the Blouse. of Csininene oy a member of that huuss, and on whom lead they greater claim to in- troduce and suppert their views than on Colonel Pil- kington. As Colonel Pilkingtoa had to be approached oe this question, they also knew teas it would be uttsrly VISCOhS for °Tie branch or society, to take the criestion in lasnd. They therefore sent invitations to tne vaziGus Fiiendly, Trade and Induetrial Secieties in the to appoint representatives to d 921136 this al- important question, and be was pieesei to sly that over a dozen societies responded to tneir itivi- tabion. A meeting was held of representatives from Ashton, Earlestown, Collies Green, Got- home, Haydeck, sad Newton. These societies tad prom:sad to assist the League in (el:rejoin fur their aged brethren what they were or opinion they wee honestly entitled to, that was a pension from the Sten in their old age, free from awe disqualification or any teint of pauperism. An executive had been appointed of -repressntatives from the Sons of Terneerance, Druids, Foresters, Seepnerds, Eieineers, Oranzeinen. Smiths and Strikers, Manchester Unity and Hearts of Oak Bene- fit Society, with power to aid to their number. Thee were also iodsleted to the local Press for the valuebe assistance they had rendered to them. Their Committee wai ever on the alert and did not let an opportunity pass of &eine, some little good for their cause, and what was still more encouraging, the Sccieties they represented would do all they could to attend to the financial emit of the work, and of educating aho Friendly Society mem- bers in thie censtitueucy, who were in a position to record sereral thousand votes at an election. It WAS anticipated that a meeting would be held in that hall in soppeit of the present Government on Saturday, the 21st inst., at which Colonel Pilkington would be present,and weuld be able to receive a deputation previous to addressing his constituents. The deputation would con- sist of delegates representing the various Frieedly Trade and Industrial Soeietiei who would respectfully ask Colonel Pilkington to give a public expression of opinion oe the Old Age State Pension. It his opinion was favourable to the scheme, which they had no reason to doubt, they, the representatives of the League, would not leave a stone uaturned to isscure his election. (Clear, hear)._ _ . .

Mr..riihriour said although he was not a representative from any society, ha came thmre to ge,.; information, and he felt pleasel at the report thoir secretary had read. Fle fe:t certain that all rig,bt minded peon'e would sins all political differences and go in for the man who would give the best answer as to the obj !cc he Wal goinoto support. Hs proposed the adoption of ths report just given. He had some k iOWleQlga that some s Wedge were working hard in tbat cause. If they could only gat their repritsintatives in Parliament to promiae their port, they might look forward to having some reforms. If their,own Member would not satisfy them that he was ia favour of it, they must try elsewhere but be had no doubt t'oat Colonel Pilkiugton. oeeing so many ware in favour of the movement, would do all he could to sup- port it. (Applause.) Mr. Shepherd, St. Helens, seconded anlsai t's3 move- ment was a step in the rignt direction. The motion was unanimously carried. . . _ _

The Chairman said ha had -been a convert to State Aid for some years past and his reasons were, that it I was impeeeilele for any ordinary society to be aolveat, Itbat is if it was a Sick and Burial Society, if it paid superannuation, under another name. They knew that when their older members got past work they did not ' forget them, but they never insured for that super- annuation, but they gave it them nevertiselets, aid they sheu'd anpear unwor:hy in the eyee of the public if they d d net do so. The main feature in the past, of the de- iciencies at valuation on varioui Friendly Sirtis had been the payment of superannuatioa Uniiir the name of old age sick pay. Bra. Claverhouse Graham adv weind state aided pensions btcause they would encourage thrift and relieve the labeur market. slnee eatabliste penises and all friendly societies would be solvent, their mem- bership would increase by leaps and bounds. paupfrisin would be reduced, homes would riot be broken up, and the aged would be cared for and comforted. Oat of curienity and to endeavour to show to that m-eting that It was possible to have a pension from the State, be had extracted from the Blue Book the followiug figures, for the year ended Lady Day, 1898. Poor rate receipts and exseediture ire • Eegland and Wales. The poor rates reeeived during the year were £21,410,311. This was gathered from a poenletion including men, women and eeildren ef 31,055,355, and an an aeseisable value of £155,493,683. The amount expended during the same period for the relief of the poor, awl for purposes connected therewith was £10,828,276. The differetsce between the amount last named and the £21,000,000 collected was paid under precept to authorities other than poor law authoriti,s. e. Maseum, Library, School Board, Sea, rates. Soppose the poor rate expenditure was lightened by one half,aed he claimed that the State Aided Pension would lighten it at 163,5 t eao half, because it would take many of our deserving per out or the workhouse, and it would take many of our old soldiers from that place,and they would /rave a level five millions towards this pension. He found the pension, according to the reports of the ex- perts appointed by the Government ti enquire as to the coet of this peneion, calculated at 51 per week, to be iu 1901, £7,550,000, so that all the country woeld have to raise would be £2,500,000. One of mar colonies, New Zealand, had settled this diffieulty and if a youtig colony like that, coulel have a state aided pension of 78. 61. per week to every meet and woman over the age of 65, surely the old neantry might very easily follow one of its children in this res- pect. In this country they had over 300 members of Parliament pledged to suppert the scheme. They knew that a Commission had set and practically reported in favour of the scheme, and all they had to do new wan to appoint their representatives bound to their word, and ray they mutt do this, and it they would rot they most send out a circular similar to 'that of Exeter, and say "this is the man who has voted fer Stat-e-aidee Pensions." and he asked them to supper him. If it cost £15,00r,',00 t ) give State Pens'oes to the deserving work- ing eleeers of thie country, he meant such men as lee- lenged to Friendly Secietiee, to Trades thrious, CI-opera- t.re S:)cieties, Building Societies, or any Thrift Society, when they had shown tue public at large that they had' tried to help thetnielces, and when he was to old to I work, it was time for the Government to step ifs and effect a rescue by giviee him a pension. (Bear, hear). He sincerely trusted that everyone present would endea- vour in the best manner possible to further on this good sauce by talking to his fellow men, by interesting th,m on this subject, by showing them the advantaz,s, and when they get into the sere an] yellow leaf, the benefit,' they would get. There was no paup,rism or charity in the mitter. (Applause.) Mr. W. A. Gialey MC)7OSI "That we representing the affilieted Trade and Induetriil Seeieties in the Newton Parliamentary Division are fully convinced that the time lee.; come for the State to recognise the services readered by the toiling millions in our :avid and therefore pledge ourselves to support in every legitimate way the Old Age State Pensions, and that Colonel Pilkington, M.P., be asked te attend a rneetine or receive a &putt- tion, acid express his views on the same, at as early a dare as pessible." Mr. S!repherd eec-oeled and said they should have to roere their brethren of the nffillated Friendly Secieties, as wit 'mut the aid of those bodies, nothing would be done.

Mr. G. U. E. Cowie, Ralnhill. spoke in support of the resolution. and said no man should remain content until he was assured of a pension in his old age. • The motion was unanimously passed. Votes of thanks to the sp.akers, and chairman moved by Mr. T. Swift and seconded by Mr. Gilimur, were heartily accorded,and the meeting tsrminated.

MO LET. six roomed ROUST, with gool garden. near Padgate Station.—Apply Mrs. PorrEE.•Graen-lane,Pad- gate.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
a . _ __ , eillW.:l/4- ' ,:1/4 \V • ... _ _ -____ ,i.,,,... •• , pl, ,

. '

===== 0002601_19000412_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL

WARRINGTON CUP FINAL. Northwich Victoria v. Barnton United.

One of the largest gates seen at an A.fsaciation match witnessed the meeting of these Mid-Cheshire organise- I Mons at Warrington on Seterday. The ground Wa4 in splendid condition,and at 3.40 Mr. Robson, of the War- rington club, gave the signal to start. Barnton bad the advantage of a strong wind, but pretty passing by the Victoria forwards saw Tonalinsaa almost score in the first minute. Aided by useful dribbles by Beckett and ; Johnson Barnton tesed the Northwich detence, out Tomlinson speedily regained the lost ground. Barber I made a fine clearance, whilst a foul against Isherwood wee negatived by Barber. The game was of a ding- along nature, and pretty bead play by the Northwich forwards caused Gallimore serious trouble. Drinkwater and F. Senior harassed the Bunten defence until Gleave and P mall, with a united (am% forced the game once m ort into Northwich quarter. E isy stages saw Barnton further improve their position, and Powell tried a shot from long range, the ball travelling behind. Barnton continued Co be aggreesive and Powell was again near scoring. Pretty play by the North wich forwards saw H. Senior beat Molyneux, bin Gallimore was in splen lid fettle. and Northwich had to fall back. Midfield saw play for some minutes, and then a businesslike action by flindley completely beat the Northwich defence and J. Barber had no chance with the float shot. spirited by this reverse Barnum again showed form, Johnson missing an opening. The Northwich forwards got down in a body and Gallim ore anti Molyneux were applauded for some v 417 fine saves. Barmen again had a look iu,and after Hindley had dribbled well Barber was fairly in front of goal. After Hiedley had failed Glare was handy and placed the United further ahead. Gallirnore had also a warm time of it after this, but the defence proved superior to the attack, and whilst Senior was badly fenlad near the interval, J Barber made a sorry mess with the easy shot at goal, and at half time Barnton retained their lead of two goals. The second half degenerated into a purely dafer,sive game by the Barnton men, and the achieved their object in prevent- ing the Northwich men from scoring. The Victorians apparently "lost their beads," in the concluding stains, for they failed to reproduce the fine form in the first half, which was attended with such bad luck. The good generalship of the winners gained them the victory, and Barnton won unexpectedly by two goals to nil. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. ---- Earlestown v. Rochdale. Another Home Defeat.

Earlest ma completed their League programme of home matches on Saturday when Roandale paid a re turn visit. The locals have been showing such wretched form lately that it was net surprising to find that only about 500 spectat vs turned out to witness the game although the day was an ideal one for football. Earles- to wn made two changes from the team that received so severe a drubbing at the hands of Crewe Alexandria a fortnight before, Green displacing Parr at centre half and Harrison re-appearing at right outside instead of E imondson. The visitors were fully represented and punctually at 3-30 the teams faced in the following order :

Emlestown : Chew, goal; Hayes and Cottam, backs; Pennington, Green and Johnson, half back •, Harrison, iNhitehouse, Ellis, Leach and Slttle, forwards. Roch- dale : Wolstenhohne, goal; Greenha!gh and Monks, backs ; Spencer Nightingale and Wallwork half backs ; Johnson, Leach, Thompson, Lord and Manlaran, for- wards.

The visitors were fortunate in the spin of the coin, but this did not avail them much as the wind was blowing across the ground. However, they teok advan- tage of the slope nee had sliehtly the best of the open- ing exchanges. From the kick-off the ball travelled down the field, but Reyes returned it, and Settle and Leach got going on the home left. Leach passed the leather out to Settle and the left winger nearly brought about the downfall of the Rochdale goal, his .shot strik- ing the side of the net, whilst travelling at a terrific speed. After a short spell of uneventful play in midfield toe home left again became dangerous and eventueliy Leath found himself in possession with an open goal but he spoiled a splendid chance by shooting straight into the custodian's hands. A sudden burst by the Reehdais for wards resulted in Johnson scoring the first goal before Chew and his backs had any idea that their goal was threatened. This was immediately supplemented by a second from the foot of Wall work. Chew not having a ghost of a chance with either of the shots. Both these geals were scored within a couple of minutes of can other and they fairly upset the calculations of the homesters, who did not seem Co be able to get into their stride. With b little luck the visitors might easily have added one or two mere goals but when helf time cams they were leading by 2 to nil. The hornesters went away with a rush ea resuming and it was not long be- fore the lead of the visitors was reduced. Tree goal came as the result*of soma good passing in the goal- mouth, Ellis eventually fairly flabbergasting the cu - todian by back-heeling the ball over his head into the not. Soon after this Rolhdale scored again Thompson baying no difficulty in defeating Chow from short range. L .ach scored Exelestown's goat about ten minutes before the finish attn. Wolsteuholme hail saved a rasping shot from Settle. No more scoring was done and Eirlestown there fore retired defeated by three goals to two. Taken as a whole such a wretched exhibition of folt- ball has rarely been shown on the Moines groued. Plenty of the junior clubs in the district have shown combination streets ahead of either of the teams facing each other on Saturday. Chow could hardly be blamed for any of the goals scored against him but of tbe Ear/renown backs—well, the least said about them the better. They were not good enea,gh for a lads' club,aed seemed utterly incapable of Gaping with the Rochdale forwards. The half backs played a hard game and per- haps Green was the pick of the two. Harrison was the best of a poor sot of forwards and he was about the beet forward on the field. He c !tared accurately and with judgment,and dribbled finely whenever he got a chance. The visitors' custodian played a magnificent game and it can safely be said that he won the match for his side. Toe backs also played a sterling game and the Eerles- to wn backs suffered in cumparisen. The half backs were moderate and the forwards were not much better than the home lot.

A scrambling game it was from beginning to and and no one would have thought, had they not known, that two Lancashire League clubs were competing.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE-BREAKING. _ A Warrington Girl's Escapade.

Concealing a Thief in the Coal-Hole.

At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday, before Mr. Birchall (in the chair) and Councillor Smethurst, Emma Morecroft,a girl of 19, was charged with stealing from the dwellinghouse No. 67. Lengford-street, some- time between 6.15 p.m. on the 21st January and 11 a.m. on the 24th January, two teapots and £6 in money, the property and moneys of Thomas Hardman.—She pleaded floe Chief Constable stated the facts nf the cage. He said that it spewed that Mr. Hardman who carried on basiuess as a general dealer at 67. Lengford-street, had the prhoner in his ssrvics for about six mouths a period which terminated in October last, when ehe was discharged, some suspicious having arisen as to her honesty. The prisoner appeared not to have gone near the premises azain, at all events she had no dwelling place there. On the 21st January, which was Sunday, Mr and Mrs Hardman left the house at 6 15 and went to cbapol. Tney did not return mull a quarter to ten the SUDO night. When they went away the two teapots in question were amongst the steels in the shop and in a drawer in a bedroom were £6 in cash. There was a watch dog tied up in the house. On their return they found that the back window had been forced, the catch being destroyed and the door had been opened from the inside. Evidently the thief had obtained in- gress by means of the window and effected an exit by means of the door. Searen was made in th 3ho ea see if anything was missing but nothing was miss that time. On the following Wednesday, howeva, e was discovered that a had been abstracted from th t drawer upstairs and the two tea pots were missing from the shop. Information was given to the police and ex- haustive enquiries were made. It transpired that on the 6th of January the prisoner obtained lodgings at the house of a Mrs. Thompson, Neston-street off Orford-lane. Sne did not pay anything until the 21st January, the very day on which tne robberr was committed. She then id:: the house, te'ling Mrs. Thompson that she was going to her uncle in Longford-street for the purpose of getting sufficient money to discharge the debt. She returned between eight and nine o'clock evidently very "Buell" of money, and brought with her two tea pots which she graciously presented to Mrs. Thompson. She said they hen been given to her by her uncle. She eke produced a purse of gold and paid Mrs. Thompson £2 4s Od which was the amount cf her debt. She was seen to have about 94 in copper as well as a considerable amount of gold. She stayed with Mrs. Thompson till the 24th of January when she disappeared and nothing was seen or heard of her since. The previous night (Tues- day) she was arrested by Superintendent Monaghan and Deteetive Meacock in the house of a Mrs. Ball, Appleton- street, who endeavoured to hoodwink the police and assist the girl to escape. Prisoner was brought to the Police Station and charged with the theft. She replied "Yes I did take it and I have been to Chester and other places where I spent it." The cafe was unique as the girl must have shown great determination and skill to effect house-breaking like that. When Mr.l and Mrs. Hardman returned the dde had been let loose and was running about in the street. If the prisoner had not been so youne he should have felt bound to let her go for trial for house-breaking. On several previous occasions sums of money bad been found concealed about the house evidently ready for removal and the girl was strongly suspected. - _

The fattier of the Pris-oner was called and etated Chat his daughter had been a very bad cie• She h 0 habits of pilfering and was lazy. She had been away from

home for several years The Chairman: It is a very sad case. Prisoner had nothing to say. „ Tee Chief Ceneteele : Evidently Cele young la ,'Y habits are up-to-date. She had a number of eigaretteS in her posaeseioa when arrested. foi The Chairman (after ceuentecion with his nolfea;-- on the Bench) said it was a very serious case and a vel painful one. Toe prisoner really deserved serio punishment, but on accent of her youth and this bell. tier hest appetrance, they would send her to gaol for months in class 3 (without hard labour.) There she wotild be takee care of, and they hoped that Mr. Taylor would be able to take the matter in hand and get Itie prisoner into a home or somewhere where she would h° trained to better things. Mr. Taylor (police court missionary) promised te do the best he 001.1!d for the girl. The Chief Constable said he should like the Bench tot° hear the ratetnent of Superintendent Monaghan V7ll respect to his treatment vi hen he endeavoured to Old the prisoner and the way in which the woman Ball trt to evade the ends of justice. He thought that if the believed the officer's statement they would be of opinion that the woman deserved at least a seval'' reprimand from the Bench. ..eat Superintendent Monaghan was called and stated the be went to Mrs. Ball's leouse in Appleton-street off gar. foot-street in cempany with the prosecutorand DetectiVa Meacock. He told Mrs. Ball that he believed she bad, had a girl staying with her and she replied that she haw He asked her if she was in and she said "No, she ha! been out about an hour. I was so frighteand and 01, husband is such queer man that I would not hal her in the house." Further questioned she the agiri had been talking of going to t"'" ' theatre. He then loft the house and told Detectlia Meacock to stay at the back of the house and the prosecutor to stand in the road to see if anyone Cann out of the house. He again went to the house and tn"" the woman that he was going to search it, she then said " You hal better try next door Monaghan." Be replied "No thank you lam going ". try yours first." He then looked at the back of house and found the prisoner in the coal hole. A proe' containing some of her clothing was in an outbuilding. The Chief Constable said that wed of thing was vet/ common in the neighbourhood and the task of the Polk', in arresting offenders was rendered very difficult indeew Mrs. Ball was !Labia to a criminal charge but be thceigh,!, an expression of opinion from the Bench would " good.

- The Chairman severe!y reprimanded the woman and expressed the hope that she would never repeat her coo' duct.

===== 0002601_19000412_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Association.

The final tie in the Warrington and District CUP, which was played on the Arpley Ground on SaturdV resulted in a surprise. The Northwich men came high fettle and there was a great display " Play up Northwich Victoria" oe the headges,` of the hundreds who came fr)in the, tJcv" of subsidences in Mid-Cheshire, to witness tbB„ I engagement. To have even sug4evel t) them thav the Barntoa United team had a chance of gaining thil ' coveted trophy would have been sufficient to 155/1 courted a rebuff. And yet how have the mighty fallen • Not only did the United win but they did so sernewbO easily to the tune of 2 goals to nil. The Northwicla did gain a cup of a sort but it was a cup of serroW• There were many glum faces at the closl.and all becaug the despised Barnton men whom North with had beat easily on at least two occasions during the season, bact come out on top. The Bunten men played the cOreg. cup tie game. In the first half they worilli desperately nerd to gain a lead, and having once o_o' tamed it they never looked back. With two goals to tr good they could aff )rd to adopt strictly defensive tactic% in the second half and altneugh this was not very inter: eating to watch pall it, kept the Northwich men out ari! served the purpese intended. At the close of the mate Mr. Isherwood on behalf of the " Observer" Compaa presented the cup to the captain of the successful tealla• In accepting it, the captain expressed the hope that 00 team would win it next year.

A Local Doctor's Insolvency.

At the Manchester City Court, on Monday, befort; his Honour Judge Parry, Charles Ernest Richoioo (formerly of Warrington), applied for sanction to? proposal for payment of a composition to his ere& tors. The debtor stated that he had practised SS 6 surgeon since 1837, first at Warrington, and, sine. 1890 at Warrington and Manchester. In 1887 he ill° herited £12,000 from Thomas Go3dier Richmond, els uncle, and his debts were then about .21,000. had spent the money in household and personal 8%; penses and in gifts to relatives and others, and bet' lost money in investments, and on a secret proof's° for waterproofing, and an automatic timing apparatus —Mr C J Dibb, the Official Receiver: reported that in his opinion the prO,..osal submitted; provided reasonable security for payment, of not WO than 7s. 61. in the on all the unsecured debts par able against the debtor's estate, if tne debtor's wife. and trustees under a post-nuptial settlement agree(' to give up claims to the furniture and other effecto in favour of the creditors. The offences against tbe Bankruptcy Act were not serious, and debtor with no doubt, to some extent, to ho sympathised Witt: His health had not been good for some time.--k,"' Honour said that it was clear that the scheme ivo° in the interest of the creditors, and should b.! approved. MIMED COMPOUND Trade Mark of Compound Essence of Linseed, for Coughs and Colds,--Advt. 'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds. Asthma and Bronchitis Of Chernis,s only.—Advt. LINSEED COMPOUND' (Trade Mark) for Cough° and Colds, of proven efficacy, 131 d. Sold by Chemists o Advt.

'VENOM OATHARTICUAI PILLS, digestive, eorree- five. and agreeably aperient, 90.. 130, Of 140 Ohemsts. Advt.

SPI Life, (Prep 1,1 lea

A. 4

DOE; charg 14P-ade

1-3.9 X.s 3's s 13.8

Ilv 437c10 wiradbl ritrzw

114 I -tici”. • whi-e±t] Sch 4, N„Tend' ned

===== 0002601_19000412_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSPEL JIA LL, FORSTER-STREE WARRINGTON.—TO-3102.1L0W, (Sunday) April 15th "3° a d 6 30 1" • b • Yr J UREBN. hai • .81 , p.ns. ,(‘9,0 Or . - • . free. No collection. Books provided.

IT. T. GILLIGAN (UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH THE LATE JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 331 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage.

BOL D-STR EE T WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTOIII. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) APRIL 15th At 10 30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6 30 Rev. IHEODORR BISHOP. All welcome. tiymn Books provided.

lIITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STRAMBILS. 44, LIVILIIPOOL to NEW YORK via • Queenstown. "RMANIC Wed.'April ...18 I 001LANIC Wed. May 2 char 8e aiird Class passage at loi4 rates including Wed., tree of to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore rf.P.97 to! Imßtx, and Co., Liverpool and 34. oatial street, London 8.C.. ALLAN LINE STEAMEIS RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 18.6. ORCADIAN for tit. John's N.F. and Halifax April 14th 8•8. BURNoi AYILBILN for Quebel& Montreil April 21st 7". PAY.ISIAN tor Quebec ad Montreal ----April 26th 18.8. PLICENICIAN fur Monte Video and Buenos Ayres April 26th. , tC,irgo only, *Via Londonderry. 21134'00n Fares from £lO, 2rtd Cal.iu £7, Steerage £5 rough Tickets to all points at special rates. frEANADA.—Handbooks, mans, rates. .end full particulars (*I application to ALLAN EnOTEIVRS & Co., 19, James- .. Liverpool.

W EDDING AND BIRTELD AY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS. WAR MEDALS. AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE. DIAMONDS. JEWELLERY. and Miscellaneous. Also a Flno Selection of Rare COINS, WAR fdIiDALS. ANTIQUES CHINA and BRIC-A-BRAC, OLD GOLD BOUGHT V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63-RENSHA.W-STREET, LIVtiotPOOL-63 Established 1819. ValuatioNs for Probate.

YCLES, ACCFASSORIES. 'Yeles, Cycles. Cycles, £7 17s. ; usurl price £lO 10s. Frame, Frames brames. £2 18s. 6d. each. Wheels, Wheel, Wheels, 193. 6cl. pair. Reliance Fittings. B sittings. fiddle Fittings. ensl, lOid each pumps 7id each, toeclips 3id per pair. Tandlesd pair, 'SC,O japanned lamps to clear Is eicl each. Zithers lid each, pedals 3s 6.1 pair, saddles 2s 6d, hubs, Wes. nipples, cups, cones, &e. ,vee are the ouly people in the world where you obtain yourrYl4ing you require from ball to motor. Agents keep laksi:j,es well open ; buy first hand, you will be hats full of 'n Pocket. ENAMELLING, PLATING, REPAIRS. ;,OLOssAL CYCLE AND MOTO ( STORES. MANCHESTER-STREET. LIVERPOOL. have a few Shop Soiled Cyclos cheap for cash.

CASII (to any amount) immediately ADVANCED on FURNITURE, PIANOS. WORKS OF ART, &a. Lowest Charges 1 Consultstions Free I Strict Privacy I FURNITURE, PIANOS, .tc., Purchased. WILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY-STRUM' (TOP OF BOLD-STREET). LIVERPOOL.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL BELFS. BUY THEM TH'ld THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS, 37, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866. 6s. 6. AND 83. 6. " THERM'S NO ROOM TO GO ONE BETTER." ARTHUR EVANS HAVING GAINED PUBLIC EUPPORT BE WILL RETURN TEE COMPLIMENT by making it impossible to beat his famous range of Gent's Stylish BOOTS at these TWO PRICES. City Branches-5, LONDON-ROAD, 51, BYROM-ST., 24, BERRY-ST., tcc., LIVERPOOL.

A- OV ENTRY kj110:-.S CYCLES. £lO 109. AND £l5 15., wyru 1930 DUNLOP TYRES IVA ERINGTON Agents. Mersey Cycle Co., Bridge-street. lECDsRAN ~ T. Booth, Rock Terrace. HELENS „ A. H. Smith, 23, Corporation-st. 44ELESTOWN Churchill and Co., 34, Market-st. „ W.Houghton.St•Michael'aTer. Ditton LIVERPOOL „ Hitching., Limited, Duke-street. MANCHESTER DEPOT: 134, DEANSGATE. TRIUMPH CYCLES, £lO 10S. AND L. 1.5 1.55. THE SOLE AGENCY FOR THESE WORLD-FAMOUS CYCLES HAS NOW BEEN TRANSFERRED TO JELICHI.NGS, LTD., 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CAUTION.—THIUMPH CYCLES advertised and aold by otter firms are obsolete patterns, and do not carry our guarantee.

'416 11PIEG PARDON, FIXCUiIiI :SIE, BUT VirHBRE DID-," "OH, YES ORNAMBNTAL HAIR BPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREW, LIVERPOOL." " THANK YOU."

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 25.; Gloria Silk for is.; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11. d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each I °cover . Chola() selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stook. 27, MAlrcivesxmi-aT., Liverpool. cZERGE JACKETS FOR COLD WEATHER.— ti Every workman should have one of HAMJE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYRoM-STREET. Liverpool. -

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to measure, TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE an' „.. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent car- riage paid. CANARIES.—D. CLARK AND SON have the largest and best appointed show rooms in England. Over 1,000 in stock. All varieties. The raost reliable house In the trade. COCKS. singing (guaranteed) from 6s.,HENS. from 35.-64, SHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. BIRD SEEDS.—We supply all the leading fanciers .1-9 and judges. Spanish ,4 quarts, is. 2t.; Turkish, 10d.; Hemp. 9i.; Inga. is 2d. ; Rape. Is. 2d.; Linseed, Is. ; Mixed. is. and Is 2d.; Maw Seed, 40. per lb. Special quotations for large quantities.-64. SHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

lOU WASTE YOUR TIME IN GOING ELSEWHERE. Reliable Cycles, reliable work and moderate prices are our Special E B Line. WANT'S SAFETY FRE WHEL RIM BRAKE £lO 10s. GEM'S SAFETY STANDARD £8 10s. LADY', 10s. cam. Every machine fully guaran- teed. Return railwAy fare paid to purchasers. SLAM'S ONLY ADDRESS L. 21 COLQUITT k7NT , BOLD Sr., LIVERPOOL.

BRADLEY, PASS AND CO., 66, HANOVER-STREET, TWO DOORS Frton BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKERS, GILDERS, AND HOUSE DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLORS, OIL PAINTINGS, &c. GLA.CIER IMITATIONS OF STAINED GLASS.

TYRES. TYRES. I/RES. OLD Worn-out OUTER COVERS RE-RUBBERED and CANVASSED and made equal to new lOs 6d each. All kinds of CYCLE RUBBER GOODS Stocked, Trade supplied. Best price given for WASTE RUBBER. POLLARD AND IJO, LTD. INDIA RUBBER MANUFACTURERS, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. rw A cheaV IZEWARD. batit gtiarantee to supply the Public with a B.S.A. Cycle Deo 113 genuine B.S.L. fittings, all parts stamped by B.S.A Vritg .7; Weldness steel tubes, roller chain, any gear, fitted Palmer, Warwick, or Clincher tyres, jointiess ritraT7 or Westwood rims. In design, lightness, finish, and t 9 irliotY we challenge the world. Our price for cash, ISAt,ti. We have decided to sell our cycles at WHOLE- tett: riIICES, thus placing a high-class btcycle within the all. We possess unique business facilities which s 6 US to outdistance all competitors. tto:: elir windows for Cycle Aecessorios. We hold the largest a I,lo,and the only firm oho can Cu, ply you from a BALL to 'CR CAR. RePairs, Plating, and Enamelling to the Trade. COLOSSAL CYCLE AND MOTOR STORES, 17, MANCHESTER-61MM JAVERPOOL.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. od. TAILS OF PURR HAIR, From 6s. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Oct er and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING GR WEAR HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- W. B. SWEETMAN. 5, RANELAGII-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, INSURED AGAINST AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED ST THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CnRNHILL, LONDON. EstabliEhed 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAN. Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS : Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesseliffe, Victoria-rd..Latchford St. Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HULL 9.ND WATSON.Moerfield House

PURCHASE YOUR CYCLE ,FOR 1900 FROM THE 44ZEPPA CYCLE AND ENGINEERING CO., 108. CAZNEAU-STREET, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. XACHISES at :23, £9, £lO 10s„ and £l2 12s. lialaztociern improvements, :and absolutely reliable value. The most satisfactory depot in Liverpool for goods the Instalment system. Send for 1900 list ,it will ulterest you. Telephone_722B.

4(elk. WONDERFUL WATCII." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER, ENO-LIS PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well flnis.;ed and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. " FOR, PIM. SHILLINGS. This watch is timel to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES CONIPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZ:tS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0. PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO Evioly DEFEO? OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TUSTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. AND 2, SUARISBRICK AVENUE. SOUTIIPORT

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. ----- JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED TO THE LARGE AND COMMODIOUS PREMISES IN BEWSEY-STREET, Lately occupied by Mews. Hesiceth and Dutton.

HARROP'S BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS ARE THE BEST. Being Makers sell at 25 per cent, less than any other Dealers. CASH OR CREDIT. 1930 Catalogues on application. A few of last years' designs to be cleared out below cost. HARROP'S, LIMITED. 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TLLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING; ac-Similes of Handwritin4, Typewriting, plans. quan- tities &c., copied and lithographed.— 13nooxs AND SAN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street. Warrington.

It CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow tilde) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKIr'S From 245. WATERPROOF lIOLD-ALL .}Com 9s. 6cl. 3,, AND 41, DALE-STREE r, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USB OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, is. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS EY POST is, 3D. AND BD. EACH. J. H. AND So JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL.

LADIES' ELASTIC STOCKING DEPARTMENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTIN'i. First-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Bach. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS LEGGINGS „ KNEE CAPS „ ANKLATS THE CELEBRATED BLACK SCARBOROI COAT. WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICE 25/- CYCLE CAPES FROM 2/11. NO MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRACES, from 35. 11d. THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN. J. E. HUGHES, 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

GLTINNESS'S DUBLIN STOU.. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWIOK ROAD, WARRINGTON. - Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS • in Screw-stoppered Bnttles. Telephone NO. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

W. TIODGKINSON, LIMITED. ARE NOW MAKING A SPLENDID DISPLAY. OF NEW' GOODS. IN I ALL DEPARTMENTS. 46, & 48, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

YEAST 1 YEAST 1 1—" Races." lialfmoon," D.C.L's "Kangaroo "Brands.—G. M. Jostsls, 9, Blaskfriars-at, Manchester.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publl3. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canistea 6d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale Isy J. GBDDES ixn SON. WARRINGTOII BSTABLI111:01) 1833

UMBRELLAS U3IBItELLAS ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS, LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED lit MALI AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. P. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BIJILDER-3' MI4..IRCIIANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICx AND WHAM: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office Maroon Street, Warrington TO FARMERS CROSFIELDS' AGRICULTURAL LIME, now used by most leading Farmers in Cheshire and South Lancashire; results proving that it is THE BEST AND MOST ECONOMICAL FORM OF LIME FOR AGRICULTURAL pußeosns. Deptit : Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington. where full particulars and price may be obtained on apnlication. For the convenience of Farmers in Sankey and district a stock is kept at Sankey.—For particulars apply to Mr. T Halton, Sankey

149 WILL BE GIVEN FOR THE BEST THREE t..) VERSES ON SPRING CLEANING IN TH STYLE OF " THE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR,' • Introducing the names of one or more of the articles named below. CONDITIONS. What we consider the best and cleverest verses will be awarded £3. The verses must be sent, post pale...en or before 30th April, 1930, and accompanied by a receipt for something used for spring cleaning, bought at any of the branches of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for every- thing you buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. The verses to become the property of BOOTS, Coats Chemists, for publication if desired, but the sender's name will not be published without permission. Two or more sets of verses will be accepted from one sender, but each set must be accompanied by a separate re- ceipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be accepted as Ilnal. Write plainly and give your address. ADDRESS YOUR LETTER TO "THE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR," Care of BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, NOTTINGHAM. SPRING CLEANING. FURNITURE CREAM gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and French-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 6d. bottle for 4d., Is. bottle for 7d. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS give a brilliant polish in Oak. W,lnnt, Mahogany, &c. • Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 6d. size for is. size for Bd., 2s. 61. size for Is, ed. per oottle. MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT as used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decorators Has the orginal brightness of Gold, easy of application and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, is. bottle for 7id. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH. BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of metal, brass, steel or iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 2d. for Id. is, Tin for 4d. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA is. bottle for 10d. Small ;Hal size 6. HOUSEMAIDS GLOVES, VASH LEATHERS, FURNITURE CREAM. SOFT SOAP, VARNISH STAINS, BRUNSWICK BLACK, Stc., of the best quality are sold at the lowest prices. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, 1.1 A.RIEET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., 'WARRINGTON. lc

R . J. COLLIS BROIWNE B CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. pIEELORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V/ be the most wonderfal and valuanle remedy ever dis tovered. OHLORODYNE i 3 the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever Llroup Ague. /111LORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea ‘..) and is the only specific in Choletaand Dysentery. 01.1LORODYNN effectually cuts short all attacks kj of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLORODYNFI is the only palliative in Neural- tk..) gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, c. From Dr. B. J. POULTON AND CO., Homcastle. We have made pretty extensive 11 Z'e of Chlorodyne inonr practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude r Jt obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it eaves us unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOIIO- - Lancet, Ist December. 1854. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PI.:,,ACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAnTtox.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, andoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the s.ory of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See limes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 1& 2s. 9d., and 43. 6d. None is genuine without the words "OR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm. ng Medina testimony accompanies eteah bottle.

FURNISH THROUGHOUT AT OLD PRICES AND EFFECT A SAVING OF FROM 10 TO 45 PER CENT. AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES. 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. ENORMOUS UP-TO-DATE STOCK. SPLENDID PREMISES. All Purchases over 40s. delivered Free to any Railway Station in Great Britain. Send for Illustrated Catalogue Post Free.

NEW FURNITURE at OLD PRICES. NEW BEDSTEADS at OLD PRICES. NEW CARPETS at OLD PRICES. NEW LINOLEUM at OLD PRICES. NEW CURTAINS at OLD PRICES. NEW DRAPERIES at OLD PRICES. EVERYTHING NEW EXCEPT THE PRICES, WHICH ARE THE SAME AS CHARGED BEFORE THE RECENT HEAVY ADVANCES WERE MADE BY MANUFACTURERS.

G UNS I GUNS ! ! GUNS The largest and best selection in the North of England; a perfect fit guarantee I. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Guns. and Implements, at lowest rices. CARTRIDGES, Sporting Cartridges a peciality ; nothing but the best materials being used. GUNFIT t I NG. Customers can have heir guns properly fitted at our new range, Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets, ko. All repairs done on the pran3ises. List on application. WILLIA.MS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, kc. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. OM ALL ItIE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE; AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

SPRING/ 1900. ALL READY. ALL NEW PATTERNS. ALL NEW SUITS. ALL NEW TROUSERS. ALL GOOD VALUE. READY MADE OR TO MEASURE, MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 101 IiORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

JAMES ATKINSON FOR is now fully prepared in all DEPARTMENTS with the NEWEST GOODS for the Spring Season and for Easter wear will make SPECIAL MS- EASTER. PLAYS during the ensuing fortnight of SMART AND UP-TO-DATE NOVELTIES, 1900. I N DRESS FABRICS, SILKS AND TRIMMINGS, FOR LACES, GLOVES, RIBBONS, Szc., NEW COSTUMES, MANTLES, JACKETS, CAPES, BLOUSES, &C. EASTER, LATEST MILLINERY, FLOWERS, AND AIILLINERY TRIMMINGS (JP EVERY DESCRIPTION 1900. DRESSMAKING.—A thoroughly competent Staf always employed, fit guaranteed, NEWEST STYLES shown each month in Fashion Illus- trated "(James Atkinson's Magazine) issued free to customers. 7, 111 AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ELASTIC LEGGING. IF YOU WANT ELASTIC STOCKINGS WRITE AND SEND SIZE TO THOS. HEWITSON & Co. .?" UNDERCLOTHING AND CORSET MAN UFACTUREns. 157 TO 163, LONDON-ROAD, 46# 11, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, is. 114 D. EACH, CARRIAGE PAID. OFF CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £430,000,003. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Picksnere k Son Bridge-st., Messrs. Woods don, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voipey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe. 1, Bank—street.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without interna HOOFING COUGH medicines. -- Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sole 'Wholesale Agents, BRONCH ITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

CEL-- E S TABLE SALT. Every grain of Cerebos is a silent Constitution Builder. Invaluable in the daily food of growing children, delicate Women, and all brain workers.

_ _ , -..,........,...:,-t: 7 . r, 0111% 0 • 4, la ' ~t'l*rt! 41- ,Cr, , ' -;) .- - Ml..' ' 4: : ..: • ; .I';'i. :: , 4'44 11-.IIII!" 1 1.: ilLilt, ..• raw ,;.;, .i.,:, _' _ . ._ ' ~..1, ..., - . _ _ , . ~ - . . , .. ..... ''' ---- '',.,.;' 'll.' , t..• '';,.at ~ .' ' - '''' , ' ... '•-•: - / ' " i4-''''''.'?l.'l2,,.. L•=4 l'i.;- -',• . ;... ..,--. '' 11 - ' ''' . ' - ' ' '''‘ . ' . . 1 ' _

E WORLD. WILL DELIVER FREE AT YOUR ______.-------_---- 1-, 1 IT-rr--------4- ' ' DOOR, This7iandsome,7rich-tonedliano onlreceipt of 10/6 3 The first g monthly payment, and uarantee it tor 2o years. Discount for Pfrotp Catalogues sent free to any jil -------1 ill! z,A , .• , Organs and Harmoniums, 5/- per month. ,-----7_-__-_ CRANE AND SONS, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL.

Elastic Stockius. Surgical Bandages. Abdominal Belts. Buy them from the only makers in Liverpoo SMITH & SO'iNr 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at, a lower p.lce than any otl'e. firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

- .-----, i PYCLES ! CYCLY"'gre N kJ 'ROYAL AJAX , -30 fi,c , Air finest value Girrlage pel',;lo cent,. cheaper than ".0 here. Immense Stook, , f 154, ),,..ti a. iiir :Ind Second-hand so ~. ...._ • .._., . TERMS FROII 10s, ,MONTHLY, . OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED, - 1900 ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREN• LARGE CYCLE RIDING SCHOOL. C 0 TB.E BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING 45. EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. , CITY BRANCH; 23, MANCHESTER-S(111E0's. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113, Anfield, ________________..•-"' HARMAN 129, London Road, LIVERPoc* Is now Showing a very large variety of FASHIONABLE TOQUES ,At 11/9 each. Black and all New Colors'

(t.; - . • - ! 47i -17th 1- ' =. • _

----= ---===- -- -:--=----:at,:= =- - ,:---= - -----------------t—t-: = : ,-.._- _ .----=---; 5..- L.-,- .. _ ___--. ---'"-. r. -----_=_ -_:. ---_= ==-=7,-: "4" r=-' - ..--=== ,--_-, ~ ----=_-• 7,-.--.7-=,,- • 1, 77:4, _-_-. r,-.: : , -.===---- -.=F:'' .44.0100;-, ---=',.7_---2-2_=,--=-1.

_ „ `. . *

DELICIOUS. WHOLESOME. REFRESHING, FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES. DR. A. B. GRIFFITHS, Ph. D., F.R.S.E. (Ed;n ) "I have no hesitation in stating that Chivers' Jellies are the best I have ever examined." WOMAN -S SIGNAL "Absolutely clear and pleasant to look at on the tables, and the flavour simply perfect." A FAMILY GROCER: "We think them superior to any others, consequently have given up selling any other makes." on receipt of postcard. FREE SAMPLE S. Cif niers & Sons, gistoq, Cambridge.

_ - • • • • _ - , , - ; ; • - • , ;L: 1- - - , • 7-,--L=7_, •-e:r; - - • • ' • • , -

F ...--_- ~4--- .----- ".

_____________.- - ---------- ----7.--- ,=---___, • • -4, ____- . I,._____ , - _ _ '-__.. - - i . ___,____-- -."14-----_ - V t"..,--- --Ir--7_- --.--_-:...- ' _fi _:.

MINORCA SITTINGS of EGGS at 28. 6d.; Cockerels on Sale. good stra ns.—R. HATIIBONE, Shoot Parade, Stockton Heath. WHITE LEGHORN COCKERRLS.—Best strains. Beautiful birds. Hatched 1693. 893;: 55.. 7s. 6d., and 108.—Vicasa, Cowley, Oxford.

DUFF ROOK EGGS, from pen containing massive I/ cockerels, (Bateman's direct), 3s 6d doz.—tlohicutsox, Lane Ends. Chipping, nett* Preston. IPG-GS for sitting from pure bred Black MINOR-CAS and JD White Leghorns 2s id per sitting ;no Sunday business. —J. Huflays, Bruche Meath, Padgate, Warrington.

GOLD and Silver VVYANDOTTIC IIGGS, 4s Gel diz., excel- lent laving strains ; Golds winners in laying competi- tions last year. Inspection invited. Unfortiias replaced.— Miss DUNELR, Daisylands, Palmers Green, Loudon.

BLACK MINORCA, Light Brahma BOGS, 7s 6d and 4s 6da sitting, carriage paid ; nnfertile replaced ; Cook and Webster's noted strain.—Address C. BlLLsßoßounn, Miln- thorp, Westmorland. Birds cask be seen by appointment.

14,GGS for sitting tens Lu. tollowing pure breeds of _LA Fowls :—Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Black Leg- home. Brown Leghorns, Buff Leghorns. Red Caps, Blue Andalusians, Anconas, Houdens, Indian game, Silver Wyandottes. Golden Wyandottes. Buff Caching. Wl2ite Brahmas, Lancashire Buffs, Langshans, Plymouth Rczke (barred), Buff Orpingtons, Black Orpingtons, Indian Runner Ducks. Eggs as usual, all one price. viz :- 2s. 6d. per sitting to those who fetch them ; 3s. packed and put on rail. An inspection cordially invited. Come and see them. All clear eggs replaced at HENRY DRAPER'S, Mather-lane. Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows. Five minuses walk from Lowton, St. Mary's Station. No business done on Sundays.

HAYNES & CO. (established 1891), GENERAL BUSINESS AGENT, 61. LOUD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Genuine BUSINESSES, large and small. of all descrip- tions WANTED and for SALE, to suit all classes. Mot reliable medium. Nib charge whatever to buyets.

JOHN BROWN & CO. ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINE9S AGENTS. (ESTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PAATNNESHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOUN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

BOURNEMOUTH.—Bed and Sitting Room ; south ; facing gardens; near pines, cliffs; no children,--79, 601TTR- COTE-ROAD.

BDLACKPOOL.—Comfortab!e AP %ItTMENTS, near to sea and tram. —Mrs. BETHELL, 11, Norwood-place,Bispham Terms moderate.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. OWEN, Bewsoy House. Lord-street, 1J No,•th Shore. it,lose to Statim, lrams, and Sea. (Late of Rewsey-road, Warrington.

Two comfortable BEDROOMS for Ladies in the country 1 during summer or permanent with board en famille at ErrON FIELDS, Barrington, Shrewsbury.

10) LACKPOOL. —Good sound •company ROUSH S, at _II valuation; or part valuation ; prronenade and close to promenade ; rents E. 32 to LEO. Genuine.—Tom TEAL, Blanchester-terrace. APARTMENTS:—To be LT, comfortable rooms in a pleasantly-situated farmhouse near the Lake district ; horse and trap kept.—Address Mrs. TOWERS, Wall Nook, Carisnel, Grange-over-ands.

DOUGLAS. —APARTMENTS with or without board, bath, and piano ; splendidly sitdated ; overlooking bay and two minutes to promenade and new theatre.—KUIKLANDS, Laurel Home, Kingswood Terrace, Wiudsor-road.

Rlorses, rriages, Su. CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. r_ADWARD BINNION, AUDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

Eo be Ed. PBEKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od., 3s, 9.1. and 2s. Bd. per week MILL-STREET.—Suite offices. 33, BRIDGE STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse Ice., principal position in town, rent mod. rate. HOWLEY QUAY, Hovse, Stables and Land rent £3O. SANKEY STREET, Lock-up Shop. CORNER PROVISION SHOP, 7s 6.1. clear. 83, HOYLE STREET, 3s 9.1. BUTCHERS SHOP N- Market. with iixtures,rent moderato, 16, A BUTTERMAP KET STREET, provision shop with Bakehouse, relit £45. BANK STREET OFFICES, £5 room. tlpply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

Fro LBT, COTTAGES off LOVBLY-LANB . rents 46. Apply 1 WOODS it SON. solicitors. Horsernarket-st., Warring-

910 LET.-LATIGTI ROOM, Urford-street ; rent £20,- 1.. Apply WOODS & SON, Sollaitors, Horaemarket-street, Warrington.

DREMISES suitable for- WORKSHOPS. Orford-treet.- 1. Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warringtou.

TO LET. STABLE an COACH-HOUSE, with lofts over _L large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply Woons SON, Solicitors, 55. Borsem irket-street. Warrington.

QUOP 6 ROOMHD ri.OUSH, Bath Scc. Rent £3O. Suit o.oMilliner, Dressmaker, Chemist, Barber, Totacconist, Bewsey-street, Warrington.—Pipply SicELLAND, 63A.

iflarbtlierpt etc. 1::),11T N T OFF ICP MADTCHBSTER. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Neter GEORGE DAVIES & SON have lia4 cie tnan 4C years' personal experience In connection with this Establish. ment, and posses s practical lc nowledge o f the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 5.1. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price 15. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., tc SON, F.T.P.A., M.S.A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

FOR BRILLIANT LIGHT, THE WELSBACH'S BURNERS, THE WELSBACH'S MANTLES. FIRE PROOF CHIMNEYS, MICA CHIMNEYS. COLOURED CHIMNEYS. INCANDESCNNT GAS GLOBES. FIRE-PROOF GAS GLOBES. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERENT COLOURS. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS. GA s GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS AND COLOURS. SILVER,PLATR GLASS FOR MIRRORS, Ac. AT THE LOWEST PRICES. AT A lA_DA MS'S, 212, NORTH HILL-STREET. Or at SO, ST. JAMES-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

For nearly Twenty Years DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS 14 NM ALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the Oe3t known remedy for Almada, Giddiness, Fulness and Swilling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria Palpitation of the Heart, Debility Depression Weakness Irregularities, and all I, emale Ailments. Boxes 9§d, is lid, 2s 9d, cud 4s 63. May be had from chemists and patent medicine vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a iubstitute. If not in stock ask your chemist to obtain them, or way be had direct from Dr. Davies. 309 Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

Vrtbate Crap.

5 000 WHITII-ILETAL Centre-seconds WATCHES, must be cleared at 4s. 3d. each ; sent on reeeipt of amount post paid.—CumßEßazacies, 27, Rochdale-road, tlanchestet. H A 24Dh7t0e rEpPear lure Florals redk C.Re carriage A IpNaibci 3. y; rd l guaranteedong exceptional value.—WlLLiam CANN, 4, 13elvoir-terrace, Ban- bury-street, Nottingham.

MANUFACTURERS' REMNANTS, Dress Goods, Prints Velvets, Calicos, Cretans, Serges, Shirtings, Flannel- ettes, &a. ; 101bs. bundles cheap ; stamp for price list.—W. CLllutaort, Merchant, Bradford.

PILES PILES. All suffering from Piles get E aselib the Physician's inward effectual remedy. Cured hundreds. Also ointment for outward eczema and all skin itcbing com- plaints. Pest free Is. Id. or both 2s. lid.—SomenniG, rione- setter, Batley, Yorks.

DROTECT YOUR GARD EMS. —Garden NETTING, small mesh, will keep out the smallest birds ; 35 sq yds for Is. Will not ret if left out in all weathers. Carriage paid on all orders over 5s As supplied to the 'loyal Gardens. Common netting at 50 Eq. yds. for le. —From H. J. GASSON, Garden Netting Works, Rye.

RAT POlSON.—Amengst the many preparations now offered for the destruction of Rats Mice, Moles, eta., Sanford's original " Found Dead" tpecialitiEs are admitted 137 users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes. Is. 2d. 25.. and 3s, post tree, SANDFORD & Sox. Sandy. Sold by Chemists

rpo BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,42C1 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemictl or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HomiNG, 16, Fenwick-street, 1 iverpool.

NATIVE GUANO, best and sheapest Manure for farm and gwelen ; an efeetual remedy for gy, slug, ; £3 10s. par ton in bags ; two tons carriage paid ; 1 cwt bag carriage paid on receipt of P.O. ss. For twenty-fourth year's testimonials address NATIYE 6117AN0 Co., LTD., 29, New B:idge-street, London. B.C. Agents wanted.

rlO BE LEASED FOR BUILDING PURPOSES, A I quantity of very desirable front land, situated in Hood- lane, on each side of the Rose and Crown Inn. And also for 5,,10 three new bay-windowed houses in that very pleasant part of the town—Willis street, also a quantity of other pro- perty in various parts of the town.—For particulars apply to THOMAS BIT}TON, The Hollies, Liverpool-road.

FRIED-FISH AND CHIP-POTATO SHOP FITTINGS. New Catalogue ready, 96 pages, 130 illustrations, the Largest and most Up-to Date Book in the Trade. At our Showrooms we have a greater variety of Ranges and Fittings fr,r this particular trade than all the other makers Its the United Kingdom put together. Send three stamps for New Beek, post free. M.ABsoTT, Ams Co., (Dept. Q,) 51, Lever-street, Piccadilly Manchester.

WARRINGTON QUARTERLY HORSE SALES. MR. JOLIN MAGINN, Auctioneer sled Proprie- tor, begs to announce that the nest SALE will be held at the NEW REPOSITORY, Arp'ey-street, Bank Quay, Warrington, on MONDAY, APRIL 9rn, 1900. and will com- prise :- 60 High-class Irish, English and Welsh, Harness Horees, Stepping Cobs, Trotting Ponies, and Matching Pairs. 40 Shire Clydesdale heavy Cart and Waggon Horess. 35 Carriages, Carts, Gigs, Shaodries, Farm Carts and Lurries. 25 Sets of Gig, Brougham. Van, Cart, and Double Harness. Sale to commence at 12.3 v noon—For further particulars apply to the AirCTIONEECC.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STREET. 45 ARRINGTON. Telephone No. f 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, ifcc., warehoused.

Vtibitt Iflousts, Zrtrbouses, Sce. C. ANDERTON, Auctioneer, Valuer, and Licensing Agent ,Greabana•buildings, 101, DALE -sr., LiverpJul has to Lt and Sell several genuine HOTELS, Public House and Eeerbouses. wall or without Goodwill : in Liverpool and suburbs.—Apply for particulars as above,

THE NOTED AMERICAN SPECIFIC ANTISEPTIC BALSAMIC LOTION FOR THE MOUTH. As supplied to the members of the Courts of Austria and Belgium, prepared by B. J. LA. GRANGE, M.D., D.D.S.. • Late of Brussels, Belgium. Doctor of Medicine, California Medical College (San Francisco), Doctor of Dental Surgery, Chicago College of Dental Surgery, Dental Department. Lake Forest University, (thicago, Illinois, Diplome du Royaume de Belgique, Member California Medical Society, Word's Columbus Dental Congress (Chicago), &c. 72, PRINCES ROAD (Corner of Upper Warwick St.), LIVERPOOL. Forwarded on receipt of Postal Order for 2e, Ed. Post Free

16, 18 & 20, SANKEY ST RE ET W ARRINGTON, J. & W. DUTTON LATES NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, DRESSES, ETC.

JAM IS TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows, 8:c. ren.ovel any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BoNE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on band, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and e7erythin% connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTEE YAhD, LONGFORD.

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. M • -MASSEY, FRUITERER AND FLORIST, COVERED MARKET, AND AC lON GRA.NGE NURSERIES WARRINGTON. DESSERT FRUIT A SPECIALITY. Fresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables from our own Gardens Daily. Orders by Telegram and Letter receive every care and prompt attention. TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS : MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTON.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON —VICTORIA PAR. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that the PUBLIC will be ADMITTED to the ENCLOSURE in VICTORIA PARK during the hours appointed for the opening and closing of the same on and alter the 31st day of MARIA!, 1900. Persona trespassing on any other portion of the Park will be prosecuted. J, LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk. Town Nall, Warrington, March, 1900.

ON:annum.

THE POPLARS, MANCHRSTRR-ROAD. SOUTHPORT. _IL —High Class Day and Boarding school for Girls. Terms moderate.

23 WILSON PATTEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. s) The MISSES RI MIKE% Sen. Hon. Cert., R.A.M., behoot will RE-OPEN (D.V.) MAY 3RD. Fees, Testimonials, etc., on Application.

MR. W. H. PAYTON MU& BAC. VICT., (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc„ at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apolv 58. LICOH-PTREET. War,iooo?).

WARRINGTON ORAMMAR SCHOOI4. THE NEXT TERM WILL INEGIN ON THURSDAY, MAY 3RD. The Mead Master will be at home to interview Parents on WEDNESDAY, MAY End. New Chemical Laboratory, An. PROSPECTUS, &c., on APPLICATION.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA HOUSE HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PRINCIPAL—MISS HAIR B. LLOYD, Assisted by a Staff of highly-qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Maste-s GOOD-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education, Finest Position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms, Electric Light. UnsurpasseA Health Record. Ex- cellent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local References on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEB £4 4s. PFR TERM. The NEXT TERM begins WEDNESDAY. APRIL 18th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, the same day at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, &c., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, Is situated in Higher —:oughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOOK AND SHAH BIIOKEItS, 29, RAN ELAGII-STRSET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

FOR MAXIMUM VALUE AT MINIMUM COST. PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just Past Station, through Railway Arch). ESTABLISHED FIFTY-FIVE YEARS. PirTs's CANNOT WONDER AT THE BE- WILDERMENT of the stranger coming to Manchester when he finds each and every Furnishing House advertiees Itself "oldest and largest," as this is obviously impossible. But the native of Cottonopolis is not perplexed the slightest, as he knows that the "DOYEN OF THE FURNISHING TRADE." not only in this City, but throughout Lancashire, is SAMUEL PI_TTS, of LONDON-ROAD, who can give most of these self-styled "oldest" firms Quarter of a Century's start and then have a few years to stare. As to the magni- tude of PITTS'S Business, P/TTS'S Establishment, being about DOUBLE THE SIZE of any other Furnishers in the City. and PITTS'S Turnover for 1898 showing an increase of £7,403 Is 7d over that of 1893, as certified by Messrs. Bolton and Co., Chartered Accountants, speaks for itself. DITTS'S.-CELEBRATED HOtflES OF FURNI- TURK at 15f, 22k, 28k, 38k, 50, 75, 100, 290, up to 1,000 guineas. are irt.point of Excellence, Durability, and VALUE THE VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They repre- sent a clear saving of 50 PER CENT. as compared with others. Full particulars and NtsW ILLUSTRA.TED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, priced, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments arranged suiting convenience. IDITTS'S FIPTEEN-AND-A-11ALF GUINEA. BAR- GAIN.—LIVING ROOK has strong Sofa or Couch In American Leather, set of nice Chairs, servieeable Dresser, Pair of Hocking and Arm Chairs, substantial Square or Fall- leaf Table, Fender, Fireitons. Floorcleth and Rug. Wringing Machine, Dolly and Tub, Three Pans and XAtle. BED- LOOM includes Pair of nicely-polished or enamelled Toilets, both fully enclosed with drawers, iare swing glass attached, tile back, Ac. ; Two Cane-seated Chairs, Towel Rail , Toilet Set, full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattrese. Wool Overlay Bolster, and Two Pillo es, Carpet or FlooraloZts, Stairs and Landing fitted with Carpet and Floorcloth, Stai, Hooks and Byes, Brass Door Plate, Cocoa and Door Ms tar Conspare this with what expensive City firms charge £35 for, and judge for yourselves. IGIO IT TS 'S ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SEVEN- ." ROOMED HOUSE.—Originalle cost £lBO. for 75 guineas. The Dining-room is in real Leather, the Drawing- room is In Rosewoed,a spare room fitted upstairs as a smoke- room is in Saddlebags. Furniture complete for kitchen, Hall, Stairs, Laniiing,Cellars, AG. The first Bedroom is in American Walnut. including Wardrobe. Dressing Table, Weelistend, Chairs Ac., Bedsteads, Bedding, Carpet. Rugemd Toilet Service. The Second Bedroom is in Ash, and the Third Bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly a great bargain. Well worth seeuring. PINTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. All British make. Fitted free. Largest, best, and cheapest stink. Astounding value. Grand display. Exclu- sive designs. ID ITT S'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAILCAFITS, BEDSTEADS, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware. Magnificent selection. Guaranteed great saving. Inspection will verify. • pITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE, Every description of Bookcases, Seerataires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Sates, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices. SAMUEL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

Vtuiaszifirti abbertOttnento

WAR MEDALS WANTED. dated 1848 or earlier, 1892 or hter ; also last Arctic; £2 each given.—MAJOß TOMBS Droitwich.

A KIND OFFBR.—If this meets the eye of anyone 11- Ruptured we shall he pleased to send free a home cure for that dangerous malady. RHEUMATIC CURE Co. 2 Frederick Crescent, Brixton. London, S.W.

SAFES.—Send for Price Libts, over NO in stock; state size.—TROMIS WITHISRS AND SONS, :ate Works, Sand- well-road. West Bromwich. DARE French and English WORKS, Curios, Facetla, _lt &a. Very valuable private collection ; catalogue is postage 2d.—H. BoVVIES, 44. Rue St. George's Paris.

fIIVEN away post tree a2B page illustrated price list of RUBBEIS SURGICAL APPLIANCES and useful in ormation.—Address 56, HILL-STREET, M iddleebro%

RANKIN'S OINTMENT. FOR DESTROYING VERMIN ON THE READ. PRICE 6D. Applied for a few nights in suecession the desired result will be ootained.—Manufsoturers : RANKIN AND CO., Chemists. Kilmsrnock.

WHITE SHIRTS Extraordinary value 3 for Ss. 3d. worth double ; Coilara fourfold, extra heavy 3s. 9d, dozen, carriage free.—HATTER, Shirtmaker. Sutton, Surrey.

UULL PARTICULARS of the most simple and successful 1! method of finding winners on receipt of P.O. for 2s 6d ; no further charge.—Mn THOMAS 4 Bath.street,Stoke-on-rrent

AJ ITH'S PLANT FOOD acts like ma,ie on flowers, fruit, vegetables ; sample tin is ; pamphlet free ; agents wanted :--Virru's CHEMICAL MANURE CO.. Hereford.

LICZEMA BALM.—The miraculous Eczema and Skin -CI Cure ; cures when all else has failed; post free, 13 stamps.—The ECZEMA BALM Co, Scarborough.

EARTENWARE and China Dealers requiring crates of H enamelled, printed white and mixed seconds, or china thirds; also the famous semi-porcelain gold edge line and sprig ware, should apply tJ FREDERICK MALKIN, Belle Works, Burslem. Established IE6B. - HASTINGS.—APARTMENTS in private house aristocratic neighbourhood, near sea and rail,, bath, piano,moderat terms, board if desired.-48, CORNWALLIS GARDENS. PATCHWORK —lOO plain and fancy silk pieces 10d.— DORA, 167, Nelson-road, Hornsey, London.

1 SWIFT" SILENT SAUSACiIiI MACHINEs, with 1 simple knife arrangement and sausage fillers Stn.—Write for Illustrated Price List to SILENT MACHINE AND IiNGINEER ING CO.. Albion Works, Sheffield. GLAZIERS' DIAMONDS, special line 7s 6d warranted to cut well and wear well ; re-setting a speciality; send for price list.—T. B. ANTILL. 15. st. John-st,Rd.,London.

LAIHBS„, GSA MOBtiONNS, etc. ‘..) 10s. monthly.—MEWS, 358, Harewood-street, Bradford. DRESSWIS.—Ladies' or Men's new Silver Watollss l Os. 6d. gold from 22s 6d.—KIRBY'S VVA.Tos STORES, Peterboro'.

A DVICH g;ven on Any subject astrologically, fee ss; time .tl.. of event happening required,--Lawfwica, 1, Argyle Villas, Preston-road Brighton,

OR 28 Page Illustrated Price List of Rubber Surgical Ap- pliances post free; uo atter or cheaper anywhere.— ATKINSON, 56 Hill-street, Middlesborough.

KHAKI COSTUMOS.-10 yard length of beautiful Khaki drill. exact same cloth as used for the Imperial Yeomanry ; fadesess, washing only improves It; post free for lOs 6d.—A. WARD, Buckingham.

A GBNTS wanted PANNASsINA the marvellous cure for C - Gapes in Pheasants, Poultry&c. Sample & terms 7d. Stamps.—HAmmorro, 19,Anstey-rd. Camberwell, London.

66ART I PIOIA E. Incubation and It's Laws" is 81d ; "Duck Farming" 7d ; "Profitable Poultry Farming" is 2d ; Poultry account book begins any month, Is 2d by J. H. Sut- cliffe ; Buyers' Illustrated Incubator Catalogue of reliable makes Id. Reliable eggs, best blood obtainable, 3s 9d dozen ; 19 varieties. List andadvice Id —J. H. SUTCLIFFE, Faille- cliffe, Ripley, Yo*lcs.

LiOR SL.—Geranium Cuttings, ltaspail Improved, the .1: best Gerruium for tile cue-flower trade ;9d per dozen ; 53 per 100; rooted cuttings 7s 6d per 100, special prices per 1,000; free for cash with order.—A. L, CHALMERS, St. Peter-In-the-Wood, Guernsey.

4CUIREEIRITIS" new coal saver noticed in "Madame" and "Hearth and Home." of grocers 74d or 9 stamps.— PROPRIET )R. " Firebri Fairseat. Sevenoaks, Rent.

"EGGS cheap! Keepurn. Send for instructions. No lime, 324 gre,ise, varnish or setting on ()ad, no trouble; keep many months as fresh; CLA.MF, Main-street, Old Fletton, Peterborough.

ONE SOVEREIGN will be awarded, absolutely free to every purehaser of a Recipe Book, sending in correct solution to Competition Puzzle; particulars with each book, containing 500 valuable recipes and secrets, etc. Indispensa- ble to all tradespeople and tamilies ; post free 2s. P.O. £lO3 If not genuine.—J. HARvIS, Daguall. Berkbamsted,

or navy, unequalled value ; money returned if not approved. —FIRTR'S, Marsh-street, Bradford. SEEG-B.—High class Serges. We hava on hand a few pieces of very high class fine twill Borges suitable for ladies' costumes, tailor-made or otherwise,and also for gentle- men's eu,ts at 3s. 6d. and 4s. f3d. per yard double width (54 Inches) carriage paid. Them serges have been stopped ship- ment for the Cape and are qui e half the usual priees.—Send for patterns to Messrs. WARNER ft Co., Manufacturers' Agents, 27, King-street., Cheapside, London, B.C. AvA LKE 'S TYPEWR G ITIN BUREAU, 3. TRAFALGAR BUILDINGS. London, W,C. Typing, Duplicating, Translations. Orders by post receive special attention.

QPLEND (13 RECEIPT for liquid Metal Polish, own secret ; 1,3 quick, clean, economical, cheap ; worth pounds, is. only P.O.—LE,,LIE, 14, Reading-road, Sutton, Surrey.

YARDE AND CO's. PRIZE MEDAL SEEDS. LARGEST SALE IN THE MIDLANDS. " COTTAGERS" COLLECTION. POST FREE 2s. 6,1. TEN COLLECTIONS FOR 20s. Contains : Half pint early peas, half pint late peas, one packet ea,Pla of beet, broccoli, kale, Brussels, cabbage, cauli- flower. celery, ridge cucumber, leek. CO3 and cabbage lettuce, mustard, cress, parsley, savoy, vegetable marrow; 1 cz each each of onion, radish, parsnip,carrot, turnip, and 6 packets of good flower seeds —YAILDE & Co. ,Seed Growers. Northampton

SEND ONE SHILLING to the Worthing Manufacturing Company. Worthing, and you will receive, post paid, one of toe Wonder Sine Toasting forks and Hand Grills. Patent time and temper saver. WWI one you can grill chops, stenks, toast muffins, bloaters. &c. Cannot get out of order. Price one shilling.

pROFITABLIC and plPasurable oceupitiont Fruit and flower culture tor market in the Channel Islands.— Write particutars to the GUERNSEY AGENCY LIMITED, 4, High-street, Guernsey. EsTAISLISHF:D 1872. TELEGRAMS—"FAIR. DUNDEE."

A FTER LA GRIPPE, lest a worse thing befall tl you, rebuild the consumed tissues and renew the sup- ply of RED BLOOD by using my OLD BONDED WHISKIES. They are the pic'4 of Scotland's Distilleries and are blended to that perfection which is absolutely unequal( 1 for mildness of flavour. that age alone can give. Per dozen 39s ; 6 bottles 20s ; 3 bottles. 103 3d ; one bottle 3s 6d. Old Irish Whiskey same price. Very old Liqueur Whisky (extra special) sample bottle 4s 3d. Cash with order Carriage paid on any quantity ; plain package, no marks.—JonN RAIR BLENDER, (Dept. 3), 96, & 93, King-st. Dundet , N.B.—Telephone 01948.. 66 TIAINIY TEA." splendid flavour, in 3, 5. 7, and 101 W. Ji this, at is 7, Is 10d and 25 Id per lb., carriage paid. —DAINTY TPA Co., 32. Qu.ren's-road,Peck ham, London. S.B. #77I—AND SUCCESS of 23 6d one horse WIRE, Le BlIzon" 7 (twice), Osbeech. Ambush, Bridge; 5 right in Z.-.--JAMES 614, Holloway—road, London, N.

rsoobned..- RUDD N RS!' C.tdel&Hoteelr,cinaelarntitaptriiovn,L2 A IiTIST'S House, Weimer, Kent. Paying guests received 13- from 2-s. weekly ; near sea, station ; very healthy ; belutiful country ; or art student received as pupil ; good sketching. —ANNA LY HOUSE.

PAST 131111 HINGE 4, all sizes, 14in. to 41n. ; special pri to etc ir speedily.—Address FRANCES H ANDFORD, 32, Bue,dngliam Gate. London,

Crayon Portrait ot an Oil Painting Of yourself or friend ? Perhaps some loved one no longer with you. Then send us a photograph and a postal order for 15s. 6d. These pictures nre framed complete. We defy competition.—TßK POIITRAIT PAINTING Co., Studios, Pitzgeralti-aveaue, Mortlake, Surrey.

youß OLD spo:DNs, FORKS, MET TEA AND COEFLIE SETS Re-pateJ with pu Silver. arid a wri,tea guarantee to Wear for TEN YEA.fi In first-class quality. Jo AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVIO?, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEAANT, LIVERPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES. LOCKETS, &c.. RE-GiLT. from 6d.

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE Renowned for "I COUGHS, ( TOWLE'S IJHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS TOWLE'S URLORODYNE IN Asthma. FLUENZA, TSpasms. OWLE'S CH LORODYNE DIARMICEA. 1 24 doses for 2s. IL OW LE'S k.)I3I4OIZODThE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. CURB TIEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGIWTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S. PILLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. Arc prepared ohly by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyoue to buy any other Medicine Instead, but insist upcn havilg the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package, by Post for 14 or 34 stamps

puma° HALL, RUNCORN, EASTER MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, NEW LIVING PICTURES BY THE " SILVOGRA.PH." THE TRANSVAAL WAR. MODDER RIVER BATTLE: LANCERS FORDING MODDER RIVER, After the Enslin Engagement TRAIN CARRYING THE SEIFORTH HIGHLANDERS OVER MODDER RIVER. CAPTURE OF A MAXIM GUN BY THE BRITISH. Charge of the 12th Le.u.cers. British Attack on a Boer Outpost. How British Tars serve the Enemy. NEW BORIC FILMS. MR. W. ROSELLE, The Popular Ventriloquist and Humorist, VOCALIST: MADAME ROSE amiTaa. Popular Prices: 6d., is., 2s. Doors Open at 7.30, Commence at 8.

TAItES•;IVIAKIR WANTIM for smatl workroom ; medium tr de : must 0 it and fit ; comfortable home.—A. SIIA.w, 34. Searistiriek Avenue, Southoort. OONFNCTIONER WANTED, youth; must be 18. with two or three years' exoerience —T. E. OWENS, 58, New Chester-road, New Ferry, Birkenhead.

TARINSM IKING —Thoroughly experienoed RUMOR 1,/ Hands for high-class trade ; stats experience and wages (outdoors).--J. HOLEY, Lord-street, Southport. ISS—SHRRIFF, 6, —Victoria-road. Crosby. recprires I‘.l (lencrAls. Choirs, Housemaid-Waltresses and Nurse- Housemaid at once. llTearnflidn-ewraalistr7ossreisofao; A MPTr gas gfroduseCs (ix? K.Lliandnucdino4°Fin inz houses ; fare paid.—Apply SMITH, REGISTRY, 26, MostYn- strest, Llandudno. _ A NT4Dp ve tn.,. DI cFa PLUM3fift for pe; menent job. _ ELD'S Manure end Vitriol nork Liverpool.

For nearly 20 years DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. ,They are the best known remedy for Anwmia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 90., le. lid., 2s. 91 and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— Dn. DAVIS, 309, Portob3llo-ro , Notting Hill. London.

COOPER AND CO'S CAKES, SHORTBREAD, BISCUITS (in Fancy Tins) CHOCOLATES, &c., COSA QUES (Crackers), DRIED FRUITS &C., TEAS (in Decorated Tins), LOCAL BRANCH, 13UTTERMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

NOTICE. M • T • GILLIGAN FOR UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH J. Ikt PORTER HORSEMARKET STREET). BR N BEGS TO INFORM the INHABITANTS, of W GTON, and Surroundin Districts that he has opened the PRE SIIS KS 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WITH A CHOICE SELECTION OF FISH. GA ME AND POULTRY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDER 3, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, a d he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS. to merit a fair share of your kind patronage

WANTED IN CANADA. riAPITALISTS, persons with "aoderate incomes, Farmers, Farm Labourers, young men desiring to learn farming, and Domestic eervants, for whom special arrangements are made. FREE GRANTS OF LAND In Manitoba and the North West. No Rant. The grain crop of Manitoba alone in 1899 was 55.619,764 bushels. Crown Lands in other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. Free Schools. Low Taxes Healthy climate. Record Trade and Record Revenue in 1899. Pamphlets, Maps, reliable information and advice on all matters of interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominim, may be obtained gratis and post free on application to the All4n, Dominion, or Braver (Elder. Dempster & Co.) Lines ; or their local Agents ; the Canadian Pacific Railway Co„ or to the Canadian Govern- ment Agency, 15, WATER-STREET. Liverpool. Correspondence and personal interviews invited. Lectures iven FREE. Lantern Slides loaned VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. ANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC; Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRRR (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAIN—TS MRS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widoll Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Baedlellll3 from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtaine3 for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchaser, should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To careful that what they purchase is prepared by NW. Smithers, who is the only person in possession f the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Pape' and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the riole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS St S°ll 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul° London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, 501 d boxes al. 2s. Pd. each by mos Chemist. 0/11.illt/itY'S UoCos, on the testimony of the Lanc.e., "represents the standard of highest purity." It is entireir free from all foreigE substances, such as kola, malt, hoP°:, .tc., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so decein, the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in Illustrated London News writes • 'Cocoa is in itself a petfeet food, and requires no addition of drugs whatever." CAr, , BURN'S Cocas is absolutely pure, and snould be takett old and young, at All times and in all seasons; for Childrel; it la an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth ell, development in a remarkable degree. Insist on haviu, CADBURY'S. as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Sold only in Packets and A dvt. 3

• -I•teettla. 46-4:5 6plast er, CURES who all other Remedies- fail, IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC cs In RELIEVING ALL PAIN ANDITHROBBING AND SOON CLIn" The Worst Corns and Bunions It. bottens and Removes all bard callosities on 'A soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, yoU never regret it. Boxes, 1 of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILW GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCKS. The London and North-Western Railway Company Lgh,l NOTICE that MOND IX, APRIL. 16th. being a H0L1.,, under the Holidays Extension Act 1875. the day wiD.Ol observed as a HOLIDAY at GARSTON DOCKS WIDNES DOCKS and the Quays and Estate. FRED HARRISON. General Manager. Ruston Station, London. April 1900. A Y LONDON AND NORTH-W EST ERN 14 •a— fiRRAT WESTERN JOINT RAU-WAYS. 14 ASTER FXOURSIONS FROM WARRINGTON.,OO On GOOD FRIDAY. April 13th, at 10 20 a.m. and a.m.. to Norton, Halton. Frodsham, Helsby Chester. 0114 On EASTER MONDAY. April 16th. at 11.20 p.m.. •3 2.18 p in.. to Chester ; 12 20 p.m., 1.0 pan..:lo 2.18 p.m., to Norton, Halton, Frodshana. Ii el sbv. Returning same day. For particulars of fares, retm n times, &c.. see small bil W. THORNE, Superintend Shrewsbury, April, 19'1'0.

..„,_..„ . tsoc.ci Sciatica, a, Rheumatism,sleeples. e ss,NervousAsthma, P._ Sold under a Positive unarantee 4. ,1„„„,..,, . ache,Weakness, Bronchitis, Stomac "_- •zr.:q.,,,..;,. Heart Troubles, and other disea-1,5 ,E),,,,R11150:27:1p::,: mThonoueysarnedfusndCeudr.edc. Circulars stPoe,,::: American Tonic will cure you; I' Pii• •,''',..4' ' ..k.itC.:,,. monials free. 300 doses, 4116. (J !lap Sales Agent for Great Britain). cwrea. SON RHEUMATIC CURE CO., St r , -• erick Crescent, Brixton, S.W. CYCLES.—BARGAINS.--1 ,50 Illr p- . MI, f, , .N. aps. each ;agents wanted ; wholesil& lust free any address. WarreloW aw' ' Company, Weston-super-Mare. EIiRLY e1.4061NG M ,V6MENT. of; MESSRS. SRS. BAYLgY BROS, Bridge-street9,o6oo J_ nngton, beg to inform their patrons and inhauso 0 generally that their Premises will in future be Ci° , 1 p.m. on Thursday. PLAIN tjtJUK, good situ 4 ,{ln, wAges Lo.—APPI- Hunsas's Registry, 19, Irlarn-street, Warringto°' 61.,... WANTED respectable GIRL, about 20 as reitet. BRIGHTON HOTEL, Warde-strft, iluln qUPERIOR GICILIRT,:AL for family of two, wag" ~ % kJ Apply .7-friss HUDSON'S Registry, 19, Irlatn.streew, rington.

- RAILWAA TIME TABLE MARCH FROM WARRINGTON R.415c.50,_n Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 3 28,9 50, 10 20, 11 35 1 25, 2 55, 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. eic_car and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31, 1 14. e 3 22, Sundays 9,36 52 Wir a Stops if requrrea. 5 20,nlingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 13 23, 7 10, 9,50 11 57 mo 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, aMondays excepted' udaYs only 55.11 ugham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, li 55, 12 55, 6 0 illackt2u.rnS-u5n2da9,3755455,158p3.m5, 957, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50, 6 23, Sundays 843,60. 5 Plackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835. 9 56,11 53,12 25,2 10,3 50,4 50, 7.3:601. t7o' 7,8n1- 8 5 502,9. 9 40. Sundays 8 43. 335 6 0. 411 19, 113 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays 8 Car's "a 57 p.m. °3 5_ i 5,31 335 sle-5 29, 5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25, 2 10, 4 50. Sun- -2,i'ollester-57 37, 817, 95,102. 11 3, 31.12 30 I'4o. 2 15. 422,5 7,6 4.744 10 14,1135 Sundays 8,44 7,45 11,35 5 Hollins Green-75. 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10,12 7,2 35,3 40, 5 15, ° 551r,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. "Ye-a 2 58, b 3 23, 7 10. 9 50, 11 57 1 25, 25, 6 22,7 23,11 34. Sundays 258, 10 15 4 5,11 35.ablondaya °4_._caPted. bAlondave only. s lOaresbury-7 37. 9 5 1225220.315,57. 64, 7 44, 10 14 tinda3s3B 44, a,m.. 746 m. tl)erbY (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 953, 1155, 1255. 3 18, 47 1ia6,55, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m 11 55riestem n-5 45, 75, 85,8 25.8 35, 925, 10 10,10 20, 10 55 ,12 7,1225 115, 2,35 340 3,50 5 5.20 e ,33 Q 740, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 04 p.m. 5 f_iddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30, 8 25. 9 43, 11 53,1 5o 0, 943. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 80. 10r,rodsham-7 37, 95 10 23, '2 25. 220. 3 15. 4 22, 57, 6 4 n 554. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 7-45 p.m. 87"thn (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57, 8 31. 95. 12 0 0.9 55 2 15, 4 0 75,80, 59 40, dla 25, 11 39 Sun days yll 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 13, 10 18. dSaturdays only. s excepted. '- Lasgow-5 29. 9 56 1150. 1225, 2 10, 4 50. 8 Rolborne-5 45. 75.3 36, 1055, 12 25. 1 15, 3 50, 520 7 17, Sundays 843.60. 4 0 °lei Ureen-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 ..5, 11 2' cri9,' 75, 80, 59 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 -.09, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted 13 Irlani and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 8 2, 7 10, 9 1 tirldaYa 8 56, 10 '4, 3 15, 5 15. 7 18.9 35. n Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 ;558. l 0 49, 12 36. 1 14. 2 23, 6 38. 4 11.5 18,5 13. 78, a 7 4 5 57. Sundays 850, 38, 812. aSaturdays only. , Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)--3 sa, 5 10, a 5 32. 75, 85, 8 35 °525, 10 55, 12 7, 12 25, 2,35 3 40 5 20, 78,740, 10 30. Sunday 510, 5 30, 8 35, 8 46, 3 28, 510 60, 9 54. From High .140/el Platiorm. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level I'latform)-7 30, 8 25, 10 9 42, 1 55. 3 20,5 20, 6 17,8 0, 3 53. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 8 0 „Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-? 15, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, "0, 13, 18, 2 15, 3 37. 40. 5 55. 75, 80, /9 a4O 10 25 Sundays 9 3, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10,9 18 1018, 10 43 Mays only. bexcep' .aturdays. Loncion (L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 950, 11 57, 2 0 20, 622, 11 34. undays 2 58, 10 15, 45, 11 35,511511 days '4septed. aMondays only.v London (Midland)-5 51 -, 8 46, 9 58, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 days 11 46 a.m., 5 15 p.m. 155`537min (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.? 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 9,1236, 1 14, 2 23, 3 35, 4 11, 5 18, 613, 78, a 745. 927. 515ndays 850. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only ~.danchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 75. 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 41 91,55, 12 14, 12 25, 1 15, 2 29, 3 32, 4 26,5 20, 7 17, 8 8 193' Platfo Sundays 3 10, 5 15, 60, 7 57, Fza High Leve rm: m Nanchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80. 835, 50 Q 1049, 1 14, 2 26,3 33, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, Sundays 1, 55mtanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 7°55 11 6,11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55 3 s". 8 S 5, 9 55, Sunda 8 56, 9 37, 10 14 i, x 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 65 9 25'10 0. tiddlewich-7 40, 10 23. 2 555, 5 355,7 20.5Saturd ys only o *ma. ora-7 40,10 20,11 35, 1 23,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sun,' ays 10 1-5 .1.1‘1„ awton-le-Willows-7 5, 8 5, 8 35,a9 19,10 20, 15 40, 10 55 8:5255 , 1 is, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 453 5 20, 717 9 20, 9 55, Ys 843 a m 3 35, 515, 6 0,7 57, 9 54a via enyun 5124562ate7 0,7 55' 82, 8 40, 10 28, 11 6. 12 0 1 20, 1 40, °, 7 10, 8 12,9 15. Sundays 8.56, 10 14, ? 47, 5 15, 9 3 reston-5 2. 5 45, 8 35, 55, 11 50, 12 25, 210. 3 5 • 28 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, aSaturdays only. "un,°°M-7 30, 825, 945, 109, 155. 320. 5 20, 617. 8 0 z 3BanKey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 8 05;.,4,.,58, 4 0, 5 29, 6 0, 7 5, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sunday!. 2 39, 8 65, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted 55aturdays a 1315 aloadays only. (0.L.C.) 1 tbefaeld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 105 5, 3 4,6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15. 11! Helens-5 32, 75. 85, 3 35.9 25,11 .0, 10 55. 11 55 12 55 8. 35 3 40 5 20,6 58,7 8,7 40, Sundays 8 35,8 43,6 0,9 46 35500uthport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 3 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 056, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur .aYs only. „ Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 35,1 14,2 23, ° 38, 518, 613. 78,a? 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 12• Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. 2 Widnes (Cheshirts Lines)-756, 95 115, 115, 120, 18, 58, 40, 5 29, 60,7 5, 80, 925, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- flav -0, 9 36, 2 39, 9 13, 10aSaturday excepted, bSaturdays oldy. azWo idnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, li 53, 1 55, 5 20,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. '3•Wirl- 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55,11 50, 12 25,1 15,2 10 3 lg 6 500: 49 5504..5 20.6 21,7 17,8 50, 9 43, 9 55. Sundays, 8 43, Acton Bridllo WAKRINGTON ritum. tide _6, 3n 7 11 2, 120, 3 35,4 45, 7 2. Sunday 7 S. 4 42. -. • •- afi , 852 , utidt°ss yrs a n2do 511. house-11 26, 12 43. 7 18, 8249 57 44 8.32 550 Birmingham (L. &N. wr,)-3 10 550 720 910. 12 25, 2 0 , 7 25. Sundays 3 10, 12 40. 70. Birmingham ()aidland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50 11 43, 1 25 2 45, 545, 6 50, 510 33 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 bilxcept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30. 10 48,12 30, 3 47, 5 27, 750 Sundayes,B 0 1 47 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8,8 5,10 40. 11 40 1 40. 3 15,5 23 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 12, 7 35. Blackpool (Central)-? 55, 8 25. 10 0. 10 31 2 55, 4 10, 4 58, 55, 6 50. 8 15. 108 Sundays 7 10, 1 15, 57,8 40. B 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25. 12 30. 5 10.7 15, 8 35, 1050.01t0un5da4)9; un5da4)9; 8 20 a.m.. 65,9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only, 5 Carlisle-all 5, 6 40, 860, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, ° 42, Sundays 12 5 a.m., 2 0,4 30 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays "eePted. Cheater-7 25,8 40. 1010, 11 40. 1 55, 2 1,0,_ 3_o_, 35,5 15 6 :kr, Fo Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 33, 6 55, --.7 30,8 10, 8 --. , Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42, 10 24, 11 23. 12, 38 1 8 4 Z 2.2 10, 3 10, 4,1, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36, 74?, 96. 1046. Sunday 7 15, 8 lea.m • r Crewe-4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15,11 30, 2 25, 250 415 °45 6 40, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 20 4 Et. paresbury -8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53. 8 43. Sundays 721, axn, 7 45 P.m. 5 Derby-7 40, 8 12, "9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5, .„„°' 5, all 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 35. alixcept olcaldaya. ~,liarlestown-6 58. 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 11 26 14542, 16. 1 42, z 13, 3 14. 6 15, 5 52, 630 7 33, 88 9 20, O. Sundays 8 33.9 52,9 57, 10 0, 3 46. 7 24 5 Viddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 45, 12 24. 29, 327 2.6 54, 9 14: Sundays 8 2. 257, 52. rodßha 75591,10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 531,637,831 'YS 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. 10 48, 11 40 1.,`5 Mon (Cheshire Line ) _ d 7 325 85 0, 0_59 50, 4•71,0 a, 4. 2 11. 32, 4 bb. 0 . 5 05, 657. 124 940 ri-a•ytt 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 651, 8 54. (, 9 5, 1010. 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 95, aMo Y *rieepted. t.txonlborne-6 44,18 26, 10 12, 12 23 2, 41, 4 36, 5 30, n ....undays 940, 7 5. asm°4ll (ireen-7 45, 815 ' 99' 10 3., 1055, 1.17 130,'; 2.22 °' 5 10, 523, 5 7,7 11,7 33,9 15' Sundays 8 37' 9 29' 3'2 iLb,9 4, 9 10 11,111,1 ail and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 days 10 59, 6 53, 8 40. 10 5.3 Latchford-8 14 8 40. 9 34, 10 2, 11 16, 12. al 45s 8 23 ' , 2 13 , (1%4 22, 55 al, 67, 6 49, 7 49, 9 6,9 42 1127pSunday 7 23. aaat o s only. briaturdays ax ea 1 Liverpool(ria Earlestown)-1 oa2 65.6 0,7_5°;8_0.9_2u5n..12-a35 1 '1;i1:,;=0, 3le 4 2., 4 50,1. 65.7 5.5 25,10 5.11 10. b • 20. 6 30,8 40 a Slondays only. 5, 9 5C 12 30, 1 7 ,2 464 :ildnes (L. NW.)-6 25, 8 'd s, 7 2 10, 27 • 5 26, 5 20, 65, 830, 10 45, bun ay 155 (C 1-ttb:re 1 ' '-E 20. 7 10. 7 40, 4, g 3 z 5 tr“cl 'Fes, • 23, 44, a Z 6 11 20, 11 80, 12 43, 1 55, a. „u. 55. 7 5 0 8 40, 11 0, Sundays 80,9 0,5, , 2 50, 830 83 114 & N W)-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 12 15, 5 1.0,55° Sunday 1. 0 5 30, 12 0. tun -,on (Xliciland);-5,15, 90, 10 5,12 10, 20 4 0, 30, /55cals 3 15, 120 aexcePt Mondays' ,•• 5 q15.ar51-8 7, 39 58, 9 54. 11 b, 1 a- , a 5 15,2 31, 5 89, 32, 7 41,8 88 b 11 19. ELM:L*I aSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. 1215a11ehe3ter (L & 45. ss' 5 A 5 10 45 11 15 13 5551 5, 135 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 60, 75, 7 10. 80, 9 23. 1U 43, litla-r a. 8 0, g 30, 9 0, 6 0. 9 30. _, 0 10 40 Saturdays excepted (London-road)-7 25 7 33, .2_5,510 3,5, 12 35 45 „lichester 40' '.40, 55 5, 5 20, 65,75, 8 20 8 55, 10 Sundays 7 3 baaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. a 9 5, 9 33 039,44511e5ter (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720, _ t 40, 103, 1035, 1130, 1230, 1 3), 2 30, 330, , 430. 443 830 63U 6 38, 730 8 33. 1) 0, 11 0. Sundays 50.1 J 40. 10 9 3 635 20, 9 40. 4 Saturdays ettly. .C. b, 5 dlewich-6 48, 2 47, 6 6. rieN,°°tje--6 56,9 6. 11 14,12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 8 Z. 2, 54.5-6 55. 725. 842, 9 11, 10 9, 11 8, 12 38, 1 0,1 28, 1_ 5 '1.0145,°1, 511), 5 49,6 27, 7 30, 80, 9 16, 9 55. 11 4. 11 47, 3,-s_°) 49,0 0, 3 40, 7 IN. 11 5, einadra'a 7 8, 7 48, 8 26, 90, 10 6 1 9, 210. 5 18 73, 910 Preal 53. 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. az° 9 ,°p• 2 9, 4 5, 5 50, (05. 9 30,10 10,11 28, 1 20, 3,4 20 2ad 55.0. 1049, Sundays 29, 45, 115 aaaondays excepted. 8 35, 30, 6 10, 1 tiaa zeorn 8 5:4 39 9 19 10 15,10 26, 1230. 125, 32, 4 40 5 y, 810 9 Sam, - • 2qo aq-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 32, 10 20,11 24, 12 36, 01348kt:3ie041,,d34,3952. 85. 8 21, 5 40,6 22, 726, 8 6 932. Sundays, 1 7 25, 11.5. 1 55, 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. 15 " -6 20,6 55, , AK 80, 8 28. 9 15,1 t; 5,10 85,12 5 122 50, 9 430, 5 25,6 10, 6 56, 7 25. 05010 0, buboa 8 35. 655 , 9 5 E):Qutlaport- -8 5, /0 10,11 10,12 30,2 10, 2 45, 3 55, 70, 81 1,11. 40, Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. 4,18, e5h,5„411-8 IV, 8 36, 9 30, 9 58, 1112. 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55 I 19.5 Qi. 63, 645, 7 45,9 2, 937. 11 23. Sundays, 819, 2 23 Vvid 125 (Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25 34,4 25, 529, 612, 716? 58.9 22a 11 42, a3un7 W• sid,ss 3, 33, 5 0. 9 10,9 20. a Saturdays only. & N W)- 7 5 8 56, 933, 10 33, 12 16, 12 57, 2 2, 55. 6 46, 9 6, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 2 SU, 27,i"n55-5 633,375, 9 31. 9 56. 100, 11 23, 12 15, 1 45, 230 25 ' 456520 6 5 7 5 0 1030, 6undays 2399 33 11 ' ' ' ' ' 13,

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Pre scot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S .„411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, olborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND W aLL ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: •

THE "QUADRANT" CHAINLESS 41CYOLE Is the most efficient bicycle ever made. Write us for proofs of this. The QUADRANT CYCLE Co., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM.

POSTAL IN FORMATION YOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. __- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the ti-le to which a Letter, can be pop! ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heaney Heath, a roft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, 6tretton, Warburton, nd Wools- to a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales. and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales reland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, , cotland, Liverpool, Present, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and . Yorkshire 11-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South -40 p.m.—Liverpool, iouGhport, Or.n3kir'c. B th. Bri Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manche I S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m —Liverpool, Southport. Birkenhead, Northw Nantwich and Sanibach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodaham Bridge, Helsby,Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.Amertca 6-15 paw.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and ricotlan4 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign /4etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON, HEAD OFFICE ..• igh- st , Newton POSTMASTER Mr .Ja roe s jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte lace. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The TeleeTaph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL Pon'. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Extra id. Stamp

Extreme Folk. These peop;si always go too fast or too dove: Either they go at a seail's pace or try t) outrun the flying Dutchman. Either thee are 12e degrees in the shade or else they're 20 degrees below zsro. Extreme Folks, like that Puritan Sabhatarian, who killed his favourite cat because it caught e mouse on the Sunday; or like the man the Rev. Peter Cartwright speaks of in his autobiography— n Dutchman he was to be sure—who being told by the preacher that if he would get to heaven he must take up his cross and carry it, at the close of the service, packed his wife on his back, and rushed oil home with her, for said he, " she's the biggest cross I've got." There is always a danger of going to extremes. Among the Puritans it was a law a man sh)uld never kiss hi 3 wife on the Sunday. What a deprivation ! How sad for the wife, and heartbreaking for the husband. Ex- treme folk should even go to extremities to secure ab)x of Page Woodsock's Wind Pills. For Indi- gestion, Wiad on the Stomach, Liver Complaints, Sick Headache, Costiveness, Palpitation of the Heart, Biliousness, Pre., they are simply invaluable. We've told you so seventy-tinier-seven. One of the leading Chemists in Leeds recently said to Mr. Northcote Willey, the 'el'-known Evangelist, " There are no Pills sell so well as Page Woodcock's Wind Pills. We are selling large quantities of them. Only a few days ago I gave Page Woedcock an order for 400 dozen." We hear similar statements on every hand, and the good they are doiag excels all telling.—r.W. Page Woodanck's Wind Pills being purely Vege- table, Tasteless,and Mild end Tonic in their action, may be taken with perfect safety by the most deli- cate of either sex. Chi!dren may safely take them in reduced doses. Page Woodcock's Wind Mlle are sold by all Medicine Vendors at Is. 111. and 2s. 9d. ; post free for price by Page Woecicock, Lincoln.

EmtEpsy FITS, T. MB' MOE are curable where ANTI-EPILEPTIC DE LIEGE zs USED Hunciretls have been cured, to whom yoa can write to convince yourself. Descriptive book, with testimonials, will be sent free by sending your address to ANTI EPILEPTIC COMPANY, O. GPEAT RUSSELL ST., LONDON-

gek Tsaem a H wonderful HARNESS. oferfo iloSot lip '°•', I . ~, 7 tens and preserves the leather 1-,e,s, • -..,#•: Pleasant odour, allows polish. ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. N Zil Tins 2d.. ad., if- & 216 of Boot 4. Malsers, Saddlers, Ironmonewors Ltrl 1 1',,.. 4 0 si t 6.7. c Manufactory Dulwich, ' r." "."." I"7',' ,-.14 • Lo;idon.

LA, E YOU A BAD LEG WITH wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhap surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that wnen Vou press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remecies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may hnve ettended various hospitals ad had medical advice, awl oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am putation ; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't sa perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is n reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Orde for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-STREET (orimar, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which Is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs House maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pots ael Hand P unions. Registered Copysight.)

FOR THE BLOOD :S THE LIFE CLARKE'S woRLD-Fikm ED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to tight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever reuse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blow. Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary glous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumalc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and boues. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and us each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG I COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless imtations.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THFAZAPIOkT . pTohpisnisaurcceressmfueldyandashigehmly. ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for— mpurity of the blood, spots, t lotches, -pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, Madder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, plies, grAvel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhauston,sleeplessness,naryous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three uifferent forma Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full p ,rticulars send stamped addressed envelope for phamptilet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.C. EVERY WEAK MAN ‘ziIOULD send for a Descriptive Treatise on the LJ Modern and Successful Treatment of Nervous Diseases and Physical Weakness in Men, including Premature Ex- haustion and loss of Vital Energy, with other allied affections by local absorption (i e., without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced researches in the subject, together with numerous recent testimonial- showing successful cures. Write at once and grasp this oppor tuttity of being quickly restored to perfect health. Sent in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. E. NORTON, 59 & 6 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. ESTABLISHED OVVER 3 YEARS.

BELL'S ASBESTOS Packin gs, Jointings, and Lubricm are always the BEST. Northern Depot O. R. Puzz, Man hester. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HIIR,—If your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR I-4ENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d per bottle. —Advt. FLORILINE I—Foe THE TEETH AND BREATI3.—Tho roughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt-i,ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fr agrance to the breath. Price 25. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilint "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfu mere. Ade CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. Free from Mercury Estatlizhed upwarls of 3') years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chena3ts and Patent Medicine Vendors t h o ugh ! but the world, cr sent for sixty stamps by the makers The I Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt

DR. DE.ROO'S COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumdism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the ' Bladder, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys aud Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed •o be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should havo been carried off by the kidaeys. Every paz,kage bears the Government stamp, whh the words, W ALTRI? DI3 ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of he Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. Id. and 149.11., at all Medicine Houses, or p3st freo from Proprietors, aoford House, Holford-square, Laudon, W.O.

MANLY MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send fo my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quic!cly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, one 9var7nteed genui ••I cannot find words to express •,w am. I used to think I never would gee cure I. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." 'I have carried out your instructions, and am now per fectly well.--J.F." Book cent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Sucees

1 ..--- r,,, , i- ne ' '7",' ii- .'\•''' ' .:.? E4v, .';' 4.-‘•si ...4. • telt 4.. A, ' - Fusin the first, dose of Ozerine flts ceasA. R has cured yEr,v, ,NENTIX the rery w .rst CaSPR of Epilepsy when every oth-r re,nely had failed. Pries 4s. 61. and 11s., Pest Free. I ho,Frtls of TosLim.nials. Send /or a Free Sample Boale, and Write to—)Department 7.) X.. Xf4-r.. wilocis-r4an -L.- , Pharnmzentical Chernist. 35. migh Str,et, Belfast.

;ENGLISH WATCHES—ALWAYS THE BEST' . e) ii..„. tl4 It ~ tr 4 -,.t-9 ," . ..••='*'"‘..'.llQ Pi MF 40 ' q v.: '',`,..' -;,i, --':, -! Is: tisiGll, 14;:z, - k '94''' ti - ,-.• ,„,,,,A ' ‘4 m' (NINO ~,,, ......„---- Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength, at Maker's Cash Prices. In Silver Cases. In 13-et. Gold Cases. .41r :_t.., ? ..„ 1'..-.A 4 43:4' •.e." ' ' <l./V ' 1.4 IN • - . . - ctivo _ - - , --„,,,, ~,_, ..,,. dip /- i ENGLISH LEVER ' I 4 6i 1. ~f .'' 1.1 \,‘ - ' -DEST. CHEAPEST, and STRONGEST. London made i ' %' 4 , JO THREE-QUARTER PLATE English Laver Watch. .. fin,,,,,,,, /I\\ , . F. Thirteen Jewels, Chronometer Balance, Patent Large Barrel and Damp and Dust Proof Ring Band. Massive Silver Cases I' 1, \ \A ' with unbreakable Crystal GlaE double the Strength and , 1 , : Value of any other £5 6s. Watch. Made in Four Sizes, at one Price. £5 6s.:—No. 1, Gentlemen's (as illustrated) ; No. 2, Working Men's; No. 3, Railway Men \' 0 ,&, i I and Miners': No. 4, Ladies'. 1 ' In massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's \ • i 7 ;;;"/ zs,E2Nl27..rtaEdEy,s,ro los.. 0 BErm s ' ~.\ f' i /•/-:;:nTf; a our risk, to all parts of the World for ~,i ~........ N, , ~ ~ / Cash or Post Office Order. 807,K ' 4 .-' - k''. • Y./ ',. •.....:"- - ,:,;,-Ai,i_•,„", BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. v. 0.- ~," A • v., CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, KIST FREE -' '-'o.•:fi,K PLATE, &c., cte. Post free on application. In Sliver Cases. In Met. Gold Cases. BENSis?N'S ft ~,?r y„, :.E.,,.,..,,. ~.. „„, .....,,,.,,_ K eg; KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER _..::? , NY ~ i ci ,o N_ IPC2) rtti,s 6 6 Ilk ". A. 14 K " . AA.,..,,, ,i,„ ~ ii w/ , \‘ kv , ‘,% t., f A ,* 'O, v, .1 /I, - ' 1 gf..:«Lr A GOOD KNOCKABOUT WATCH for general wear. BEST /1 LONDON MADE. Three - Quarter Plate ENGLISH LEVER Chronometer Balance, fully Jewelled, Keyless Action, t rvstal Glass Cases, in Sterling Silver, £6, or in strong 18-pt. Gold Cases, -2,15. Post free at our risk for Cash or P. 0.0. SELECTIONS OF WATCHES OR JEWELLERY SENT h ON RECEIPT OF REFERENCE. " ...* 0 4 'it ,N l. ,„ lit OLD WATCHES AND JEW Fll.l EXCHANGE. CLOCKS TAKEN IN EXCHANG ~), co,LOCKSn;yr CharehEes.Setrhoorlsti, :410Perviabliiie.7ildings, from£s. ,or\v„ ,„ _.,.... - , , k...., ~Id p Ltd., v t 4,41 , Y BENSON'S ~' cv. • OO •k .4v BK ~ ( ,sw.. TEAM FACTORY- -61 & ;74 LUD 9 GATE HILL LO 0 NDON E.C. L ,-,.:. 7 ' ynTi•l (IP Obtainable on "THE TIMES" system of A v a 1.W.J11 MONTHLY PAYMENTS of .£l. Order Forms Free.

,Ppnint m Ler-\x LY RI ED 'rlIF CH3 7.I`.UH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be / inTioved upon and rediict.d to a more simple Take some good Compound such a: COCKliefS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, sz-' ond we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS; as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be t,zt- down as the best.—Observer. MEE .7:ROM MERCURY . 40, • 7 • If 1; A-17 S A ztip „..- DF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. AID 111 L. 4 Li rg 151 For TIL, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Bz_c.

.._ , ..ria---- ...... • ril ...„ l . .:41. . Ad 'le7, I ..1 141 i 1 •' ' ' -• 41 ' titi ' 4:1..-t;sl C' ' ' ; t • 4 • „..,c" ' • * -4 "Illre7sl° 1 .r.r.t.'—'"••• P. il „,/-1 111/4,,' ;.-.'-(.-: ---L"::- --N, J - ( * , 40' - • t... • •4*--/ -.. -.,---- L It] t ,if N Atilk,/: "I -14 L %, ,•,• •c -.-. i '.:44 ' -,..' • ~,, , -,,.' .‘.. ''',. ›,... ....cf,-.4.,. • ' ,/,'ll ' ''''i,i7.\,:„.l:'`ii::::4: ---= 1 ....'4-,..;;41--'' -",,•--' ' '-:-0 ,-.! --- . -___-- ____-- - —"w• *," a - * ..,-.j...-14”1/4, \ ' -- 4 ..' '-. % -7.---' --;.1,---z_-----:-, 1 —DitiliAll, .c., 2.) .N_N.,=_•_. : •-_-,-:...----._ 1 4e 1 Rzs.T. SPECIALS—FIFTEEN GUINEAS. I. STANDARDS—TEN GUINEAS. vaiyiSsltiqt, Kil()ILIE aLiIgrSIMITOOMMNI-35) C'' .CHIEF• ..r4 : ES Cl?' •Bso3l* • Syndicate Limited, Liverp Local Depots :—Warrington 001-road &MI @NM° ; Warrington ; L. Jackson and Co., 91, Greenway-road, Runcorn ; J S McLean, and Co, 51, Duke-street St. Helens ; R. Tebbutt, ietoria-rcad, Widnes. Liverpool depot :-101, Bold-street. .

v ERA y HAIR YE The r ateqt mryierti lime:dim:, Used by leading beauti,..l nowlity and-theatrioa. ,ion. 13--efect, le And harmless; easy Analyst's rertifvr '4, of guarantee with each bo One Ljclug. Black, Brown, Light Chestnut, Dark Chestnut, Golden Brown, Light Golden Brown, Golden Bronze. Post free, 2s. 6d., ss. and 10s. per bottle. Granville Sharpel_F.C.S., ia his Analytical Report of Vera Hair Dye, writes— "I find it to be a skilfully and judiciously com- pounded preparation, manufactured on strictly scien- tific principles, and free from Injurious constituents or undesirable admixtures. From experiments carried out, I find it produces most satisfactory results of a permanent character, and an effective and perfectly harmless application for the hair." THE ORIENTAL PERFUMERY CO., 75 Oxford Street, W.

WILLIAM BAYLIFF, Billiard Table Maker. • - I. 400,006-4" e -"4 _ -; • Tables Re-Cushioned, Re-Clothed. and Set. Cues, Ball 3, &e., in stook. Various designs of Tables in stook. Patentee of the Two-light Billiard Pendant. Estimates Free. 9, Tyrer street, Houghton Street Liverpool. Established 1847. Telephone 7082.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain lik2, a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In bottles from all Grocers. 82

WATCH Cc CHAIN FOR ONE RAY'S WORK. Boys snel Girls Ot• get • NICKEL- 01. • L',t PLATND WATCH, also a CHAIN and CHARM for selling 1; dozen packages of • BLInNE at Flv‘pence each. Bend your `?:.. • NH address Including name of County, _ by return atc.ll, and we will tke Blulne, pest paid, and a large premium list No mower required. '-'I'SMUINS Co. (Department 7I) S4l. War liond, Wtit Norwood, London. rs.r2.

'„•,.. "t: ~ .....' n Eb.V.` Sip, ' 11,1 ...: El- i '4'l, -1 ' -,A-6, . ~,, a'. ti 5...? "`'.ll e • ,&',..e..'..7 ,' , -, '181,.4,, T -QUICKLY coratcx ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE LLL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalentwith the sex. Boxes,l/4 &20 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 31 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., liatimfacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Beware at Imitations. inisrious and worthr,nr.

SY ET N GTON ' S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. ICUARANTEED PURE. 10e

THE GREAT REMEDY. • 4k•i GOUT lIXAL&.S FOR GOUT. IiIiBUMATISeI SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and ctive. All Chemists and Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d Per box

t ! ... :r. ' :14; 6nli stg 4, gt ?5 lti ~. ',Vi 7 1 41, 7-° .: A . • 4 f .„ , ,... '''t ' . • t ‘3,,. .*, .; •,'.''.' ,3 felv, :.;•- -. ..., 4; tr, 4t, • '..i , .i,4 :e 1; IN - , ''. fri'4-',-` ki .4, v.' ft, -:,1 " CURES BROFICHITIS, lISTH7II, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CEZ.PPED HANDS, CHXLBLA.INS, SCURVY, BZI3. IT LS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OP Stiff Joints, Spreolias, 3131.iiints, Soalszits, nava EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor*

THE "GAMAGE" 1 THE BEST SADDLE FOR CYCLISTS is the SMITH'S HOISELESSA, ' II BELL. " cia,ll:2sm mz I." METAL MUNUARDS ) re! e(*;11 ''''','.''''',-*ata4.• 127 1 a 21 1 ~,, Ver 1. - `,I. -4 I ~ • ..,.,:......••• ftigardAy'. ;,.: 44, . . la .:,:5.::;.::;•,','";:Z)..i1ii+.4,.•,...„ :..;.-- - ' 41), -•ta, 44% '1 A....,:. •'4 41/4 rap.'' --•:----.,',...',,i.::_•;)we4,----T g 4 ' ...4 i la ~.,:.,,,,,z........_ ..:., 14. 4: V i',., q," • .4,,i:,.-et j; 'T.'. "C '.• . - .;. ' ‘!s. r • ''' rt Y iii) I • 1., "fc,... ' ~--4 =_. -AN-101....-- -,- 0 ....cr . • MI As used by the Queen of Sweden. ‘ Pattern a ab a ',... • Humane and Handsome. Healthful and Easy. Made in 9cl. and 1/6 two sizes, with Hammock or Coil Springs. Suitable ig Extra quality, 2,1113 i. for Ladies or Gentlemen. Price 21. a., post free, in- Price If. Postage, 2d. eluding combined tyre lever and spanner to tit nuts. Postage, 4d. AN

Quick Adjustments when on Tour are most €oi conveniently made with THE GA MACE 1899 SPANNER. ra; .Weight only 3 ozs. Length, 5 ins. /D Quick Adjustment. /D '4:7 E' , - Instantaneous Grip. ....... '' . fa I . ( '' ~,,,,,,%•!1,101 , JV 1111111 ,i. To Use.—Pnt, Spanner on nut, and place thumb on spring, B,s in 'WI Illustration, which releases coil from rat--h' t- the spanner can then be perfectly adjusted to any nut by sliding up the shaft. Hardened Steel, 9d. Postage, ad. GAMAGE'S NEW CLEAN-ALL. THE ORIGINAL 'MIMI" TOE-CLIPS Much time is saved by. using m this. cleaning. set, as all out-of-the-way Z 'WI dust and mud-collecting places m.mplements. a machine are easily gut at by mistered). I,a,ie of the best material, highly these special il/ Lick el-plated. Most durable cbps. Invaluable to all who cycle. • ~,,,,,,,, ~, 4. , ~,,,,,... • : 4.llK;;E=Nikk, 421 r 4-, 0 Ail, i, ' gu,' 11 ' ' t,i.," ,s- ..-. •• - • ' K./.. '4. 0-4- Qzo,-,,.-5+ ' 11,;.-or -Aq*,„''''' -., , wcia'-, ' . ' x fa --.-:'-`-,;,,w:e,-;‘,-. 46 4-,,,,,NttZ ': 'i i't;t7i•Cli.t 1/4(iY,,,,,e,,,,i)Pk& t' \ 4‘ 4,41111r.t.. iipp3oo'.'- ' 1 • ~,,,a. 0: ir,. ,(4,,,,k;c:.:,,, _ .•-,,1.1, . A 4 ..' ' - -,,,,4k ••„: , \ i . , ak ..,:iiiWy rs. ig • , —4( ''''''s "'f' ."=`, ..e)kt- 4 .. 1,...5, A \ i,,,,,,,r,,zipeky e r fa Stre_, it: ' ..9 .1‘ \.• ie.*. No. i—Price lie. No. 4—Price ad. 41 ' , ,•,,,,- ' -:-., .•- ..„; ~.»....,,,. .. _ , - ,i , ~ a • YA''''') II .' "I' ' l'ii l'lllrij, ' 1': \ 4,.;*)1 ', i"":1: i, \ ' Or 11 1 I l'l'lltll Mill: ..1 ''' • . -'",e, i ia ~ ~1„,,,,,,,,,..7_,,...„..._ _. ,• . . P47rS'__ ,' ' ; = 4 l t 1k: i& -''' ...,...1...:.: 1.,..,X.,-- riiit..,__- • _.--'--=.-- - - -.„ • ..,,, . , ----=--..,,-.- _.-..--„,;_„•-_ --.,... ~ No. s—Price 1/3. No.6—Price 2/3. IP,eledaasies.mpeo,nttaiogne72l(ifnNogesrainnda tisuiztte,,lbthberer 2 Price 3s. 6d., or without chain and tyre brush, 2. ed. Postage, Gd. covered for lady a use, Is. extra. Ty Smaller Olean-All, 11- Postage, M. ------- - All Orders -.-wir Aated). 40 - '' 4/

TRENTON CYCLOMETER. Aluminium. Watch-face Pattern. Sizes-26,28, and 30 in. Wheels. Price I.a. lid. \ Postage. M. ' lt f" i 434; 'f.l „ .s. . ~ d" The case and dial of this Cyclometer are both made of Aluminium, making the little instrument very light and strong. It is made with the ac- curacy of a watch. Cyclists in need of a reliable Tell-Tale cannot find a better than the "Trenton."

AXTANTED STRONG YOUTH, from 18 to 20. to look after • V horse, cows and general work ;to live in the house.— Apply JOHN FRODSHAM, The Finney, Kingsley, near War- rington. WAVTBD SITUATIOg AS FORRIAAN in a mixed tanyard in Warrington well up in Lime yard and shed work 9 years at preeent place.—Apply EDWARD HARRI- SON, Heath-read, Penketh near Warrington.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P;R:IvATO DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, ,but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations ree. TEETH. Bach patient informed be-forehand the cost work required. TEETH. Gold and ether fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless E33raVronuass fart° by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late Jo He PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Exam.) MANCHESTER.-- —.......46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS ..... -__GEORGE-STREST MONDAY, 9 am. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN - -7, BRIDGE-STRE&T TUP,SDAY. 2 p.m. WA ERINGTON ..... SANKEY-STREET WEDNESD tY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH ........ 18, XPPLEIARKI7.T-STR,I4IO , FRIDAY, 11 tc. 12 ad Ito 5.

DEATHS. ----- HAIMCISTLE—On 7th April. at the Endowed School. -53 f, bridgewortb, Herts.. at the residence of her son. J4llO-; widow of the late William Hardeastie, of 10. Waterl° road, Runcorn. ; PLUMB—March 29th, at Gee-street, Warrington, Mary 4lll— aged 24 years. / GREEN—March 30th, at Foster-street. Warrington. Green, aged 19 pars. fag BARKER—March 31st, at Edgeworth-straet, Warring— • Samuel Barker, aged 47 years. fatie JACKSON—ApriI Ist, at King-street, Warrington, Ann Jackson. aged 38 years. BuTrkßwons—Aptil sth at Leonard-street, WarringOn' Jane Butterworth, aged 62 years. FRIARS GREEN, Warrington:Opl. ssite Arnie 'tat" Also at MANCHESTRR-ROAD, late Esseuhigh'e•) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. &Co .., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, M0nu132..4.1160—' Tombs. Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTINa MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY • 50 Warrington.—Printed and Published by JonN •ALIc Co. at at The gram iner General Printing Works. 1113-0 ap street.and published by them at the eam,3 place and the The [examiner Offices, Victoria-road,VanNES; 42,‘1,71: win street, Sr. HELEN and 3, Market-street. IlantaWroor',;,oll,l the County of Lancaster and nlea at /rich street,A6' in the Count of Chester.—AßßlL 12, 1900.
