===== 0002601_19001214_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY OBTAINABLE AT

BERESFOEDS (LATE LEE AND BURMAN.) 77, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Cl REENALL, VVIIITLEY, & COMPANY, LIMITED.

'TO THE EDITOR OF THE WARRINGTON

EXAMINER.

'SIR,-

As the imblic mind is just now considerably dis-

turbed, and very naturally so, by what is known

as "The Beer Scare." we think it may allay

anxiety to some extent if we state that the Beers

brewed in our Breweries (Wilderspoll and St. Helens) are, and always have been, absolutely pure

and wholesome, and eltirely free from arsenic and other deleterious matter.

For Greenall, Whitley & Co., Ltd., THOS 3. DOWN.

Director and Secretary.

Wilderspool Brewery, Warrington, 29th November, 1930. Municipal Officei, Warrington, let December, 1900

g3g7 To Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, 8; Co., Ltd..

Warrington.

DEER SIRS,-

I am pleased to inform you that the samples of

Beer taken from the " Blackburn Arms,"" Haw.

thorn Inn," and •1 Old Ball," are free from Arsenic.

Yours sincerely, JOHN B. GORNALL.

Medical Oiliwr of Health and Public Analyst, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
_

No. 1131.

. XATIVITE STAR Li NE - . d.. V V ROYA MAIL STRAMERE. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. TEUTONIC ...Wed., Dec. 19 MAJRSTIO ...Wed., Jan. 9 CYMRIC Wed. Dec. 26 OCEANIC .. Wed.. Jan. 16 GERMANIC Wed., Jan. 2 TEUTONIC... Wed, Jan. 23 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of °barge to New York, Boston, Phlloielphia, or Baltimore Apply to IsmsY, Imam, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur , Street 5 mil ti..-1 34, Leadennall am it, MAL, London

===== 0002601_19001214_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
, .... .. a_.e..•"""--- - .-4_, ,---;,.._.- --° —..---.7—...—_ t .. • . , ' . . ' , • r - I 4, . . A ELEC rEic LIGHTING Ha INGRA:AYND COMPANY. 4 .. ~1 , I -:- :;s; (LL t It L. L'''' LA-i'lliii. . ~._(,::, ' Ni. 72, S.ANREY STREET, WARRINGTON. .1 .4 '' ~ ( ~.„, , N ' '""*.'; -"I"- . • 41,0„--,. ) • ~...... -. . . . ...4, L ,;•;;1,... _ 1 \ "4" '_..11 MitX I . .. . t ' ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY I

BELLS AND TELEPHONES.

ESTIMATES GIVEN.

DECEIVD3IErt 14, 1900.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PR V ATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged_ TEETH Alloonsultations free. TEETH. Bash ratitnt Informed beforehand of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. &a LLD., also Lady Attendants. TEETII. Painless Hrtraonilatrrasipmedreto by the aid TEETH. Rater to De.iusr,s of 10,000 gallons weekly.

lEi=cre. of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(Den? BY Bikm.) NIANCHESTER.- MOSLEY-STREEI2

(Telephone 1680).

ST. HELENS ..._—.____GEORGE-STREPT MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7p.m.

EA.RLESTOWN --......-7, BRIDGE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

VirARRINGTON --...3A, SANKEY-STREET NVI.MNESDAY, f. to 5.

RUNCORN,______3l. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5,

NORTHWICH _lB, APPL EM A iLT-STR EET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

ECONOMY'S HEA.DQUARTER'S ALP TAYLOR, THE cAsa BOOTNIAN'S NEW UP-TO-DATE BOOT STORE.

45, HORSEHARK!LT STREET, WARRINGTON

GRAND OPENING DAY

DEC. 14m, FRIDAY mar, DEC. 14m.

BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN TOtINSMAN.

NVEDDING RINUS.—Pure Garnett Gold =- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE: to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Hail-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—RUSTANCII AND CO. the Illnminat.-4 Clo3lc, 43, Sanhey-'-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUN INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £435,000,00%

For all particulars apply to the following Agents : VIARI.LIAGTON Messrs. J. K. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woorls & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, Ring-street Mr. K. Low:, 1, Bsnk-street.

BOO:i'S CASH ~JHEMISTS NOVELTIES FOR XMAS.

BOOTS business grows and grows be- cause new customers are constantly realising th..: worth of our goods and the benedt of our low prices.

Here are a few articles of the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents :

PERFU M ES

make very acceptable presents for young or old. Good quality, 6d. size 5d., Is. size 91-d. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponax, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hey. IVood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Bottles,le. 6d. size Is., 2s. 6d. size Is. 9d.

PARNI.k VIOLETS

In Bottles from is. 3d. In Artistic Csses from Is. In Cut Glass Bottles from 2s. 6d.

EAU DE COLOGNE.

Jersey Oastlefirind,2s 6d bottle'ls 6d,4s bottle 2. 10cl Silver Cologne. Is. bottle 70., 2s. 6d. for Is. 2d. Golden Cologne, is. bottle 81d., 2s. 6d. for Is. 4d. Toilet Bottles from Is 61.

TOILET ARTICLES

are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A. glance at this short list will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line.

Hair brushes from Is 61, Dr,ssing Combs from 6d, Hand Mirrors from Is, Nail Brushes, Puff Boxes, Tooth Brushes,Poaket Combs, Tooth Pow-. der Bozos, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY.

Honey, Curd, elder Flower, Brown Windsor. 2d. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber, White Bose and Glyceriae, Coal Tar. 21d. per tablet, 5 tablets for le. Castile Soap, 3.1. per tablet.

A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows ,

Violette de Parme, Grey Catnmal, Marshmallow awl Glycerine, Cold Cream and Honey, usual 6d., tiblet for 3,1 id., Is, 61. b)x lot.

We can recommend this particular line of choice

Soaps with all confidence.

BOOTS CASH CELEUISTS,

35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

ALS) l'r 20, ALBERT ROAD. WIDNES.

BRIDGE STREET, RUNCORN.

AND 27, POST OFFICE AUOADII, ACCRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19001214_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner places it before those whom you want to reach. goes direct to the Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you better known among them, at a very man coat.

h‘rrYPOKLENE " A perfect substitute for Tur- J— pentine for cleaning Type, Lithographic Stones, Rollers, etc.- absolutely non-inflammable, and tbetefore safest. 40-del. Barrels, is. 4d. 10-Gall. Drums; is. 7d. 40-Gall. Barrels, Is. 6d. " OTTO " GAS ENGINE OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, Is. 6d. Per Gall. Carriage Paid, sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL CO., 19, e& 20, WATER-LANE GREAT TOWER-511MT, LONDON, B.C.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS.

SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. HOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. TAILS OF PURE HAM. FROM 63. 6n. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6n. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :-

. B. SWERTM AN, 5, RANELAGH-STRRET. LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

===== 0002601_19001214_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
BV:2 POST{ IS 7%d per Quarter, Be 6d per annum as 9d. per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19001214_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
HIIRDLES.—Wood Hurdles, Gates, etc.—G M. JONES. 9. Blackfriars-st. (late Victoria Bridge), Manchester.

910 SKIP and Basket Makers. tha Sale Cane Willows -1.. Hazels &e.-0-. M. JONES, 9, Blackfrlars-st. Manchester.

WINES and SPIRITS; finest quqlitv.—Send for price list to G .M. Jos, 9. Blacktriars-st. Manchester.

17 EAST! YRAST 1 " Eagle," • Half Moon," D.C.L's " Kan- JL g aroo" Brands.—G.M. JoxEs,9,l3lackfrlar3-st.Marichester

===== 0002601_19001214_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. R.. CLAMP & SON,

MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS.

CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S

PRESENTS.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET,

AND 12, LORD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO,

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING, IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
• 44. • - - - 4 - .4

===== 0002601_19001214_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• tow‘

===== 0002601_19001214_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
,r 4 ,# ' ; ; ;

;,

i

===== 0002601_19001214_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
opt

===== 0002601_19001214_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
411, 124 • \\\, ' . _

3REAKFAST-SUPPER.

.ESTABLISUED 1866.

"You haven't. earruid your hundred pounds yet," he said, "for you haven't enabled me to lay my hand on this Miss Ward, who has gone off with my precious MSS. But go to this address "—and he scrawled a few words on the leaf of his note- book, which he tore out and rave to the young

===== 0002601_19001214_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

ME DEAR NELLIE, The bright crude and pinks look garish, and hardly carry the stamp of good dressing upon them. A real rich red, on the other hand, is attractive, but after all the quieter tones look more chic. The dominant note of gold has intro- duced a cheerful element into our winter dress schemes, and with that it would be well to rest content, for allied with too brilliant colours it becomes vulgar at once. The gold roses and choux whieh are now lavished on our newest headgear are not nearly so alluring as those large flowers of velvet just tipped with gold. Coloured veils are also reappearing, and • are dotted with chenille which takes so-called vermicelli patterns over a very fine net background. A ginger brown veil worn all over a black tulle toque, on shich a couple of scarlet and black pompoms were poised, gave an impression of intense smartness to its wearer, whose hair was of the correct auburn hue, and whose clinging panne gown was wholly black. Her boa was brown, like her veil, and it was difficult to see where the one began and the other left off.

Ermine soils easily and is too conspicuous to be really suitable for day wear, except in the case of children, for whom it is, perhaps, the ideal fur. Next to thd very short coat in order of popularity comes the three-quarter length sacque with a "whole fox" boa collar instead of the more usual high one, and bell-shaped or bishop sleeves with cuffs matching the boa. Some of these coats are cut straight and square round the bottom and are double-breasted, but others have rounded fronts and are fastened with a single row of hooks or buttons. Sealskin and black fox, and caracul and sable, seem favourite combinations in this special type of coat.

- Change is ever welcome, if only as an experi- ment, and so it is quite on the cards that the new bon-bon tinted gloves will be liked, though it is ages since bright blue, pink, and purple handgear was deemed anything but vulgar. These gloves are intended to match in colour, and to be worn only with frieze tailor-made suits. For panne- cloth afternoon toilettes, black, grey, and the tans are much worn, and white Suede is also being seen again, ruinous though it is, in murky Decem- ber weather. No gloves are sold for ordinary day wear that have more than four buttons, and three is the popular number.

Although chains of all sorts are still used for the purpose, muff-guards of black moire ribbon with small gold ornaments or buckles at intervals ore newer and really more tasteful. The fashion- able coloured muff-linings, by the way, are now sold separately, all ready made up for slipping in the muff. Those of white satin or brocade with lace frills are smartest-looking, but they soil rather too quickly to be useful. Sets of buttons in ,pretty morocco cases are likely to find many buyers, so pretty, and in most instances so in- expensive, are they. Some set are of silver, cut and open-worked, while others are enamelled with tiny coloured blossoms forget-me-nots, daisies and jasmine. Belt buckles' are to be had in the same styles, but the flexible snake belt of gun metal with gilt stars is the very latest novelty. Fans are small, and nine out of 10 are of white gauze ornamented with silvery spangles, either used alone or surrounding insertions of lace, or small painted medallions. The sticks are of carved ivory, and every fan is a miracle of delicate workmanship. There is no decided novelty in purses or bags to note. The gilded or silver chain purse is still much in vogue, and is to be had in many sizes. So many belts of gold ribbon tissue are spoilt by not being properly mounted. It should be fitted on the figure, properly pinned and adjusted, and well boned and mounted on a foundation; then we shall get a well-shaped corselet belt. The com- bination of gold and chinchilla is an attractive one. I have seen a bolero of chinchilla completely covered with a design of bold scrolls and arabesques in half-inch wide gold braid, the fluffy fur standing up between the intricacies of the pattern. It seemed rather a :we of gilding the lity, but, after all, chincilla is somewhat of an insipid fur. The fiat has gone forth that the basque is to be added to the newest winter bodices, which, it seems, may pouch as they will, in front, at the back, and at the sides too, and be belted; but must have bob-tails quite short and pleated to take off the square look the Eton and bolero have for so long given to the figure at the back. Even in fur bob-tails are piquant.

Your loving JE'SNIE.

GIVERTZR APDO UGAL 1:S PATBNT S ELF-RAISING FLOUR

- \ • ' . v,/ */ •&• (ra°:):Xc-jtt , .1,,,,' .Niat.r. --. .., ' ,%,,,-.1 :•,.,::;,,, ~,-;-",:::,, q/,.....,, ~..1 A, ---;:.,...::::2 9,%-,(':;;;0., .... ‘,‘,g 7/ ~4;:;.• ,`.% /////i- , ,6, - - / / , ii--_.-- tp/.4% virirr/,,, . .-_,_,. / / , ^‘,1.,,,, "..... 7,-7_=.77-_-_,,,,,.. ~,, n <- ,7 -_---'-------. ' / / t. -------',_ /

' ?-47, ~!!,..iiiii:i?citi,,'Aji. n. '. li . 11111' l l . '.:l HIiiII.: Itifi':;,?iit,t-----t i' t_ id jilitr, ~,[qpvtat',-2 111,.,!'"',.14,-,,--,-,,t 1•1 p, ;F.' .- M 0,,:t.di".,,',1,r- 1 ii ~, .4 :•,.,tb_07,31 . . i•A,-,-7----, •

... „:....,:,, .. \ ~.. ilsk ~ ik till --\ W 2-1. , \v'Ji , • c. A i % i iv, ‘ 1,, 1 •,,4,. s vozs c -% '', It -'t -- f- - . ....._ . - 0...... IP \ Ik\ '' •

===== 0002601_19001214_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

EPP

S's -COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
GFATEFUL.

, ,• et; •

WOMEN'S CHAT.

The return from South Africa of the Duke, Prince Francis, and Prince Alexander of Teck, has been the signal for reje,cings at York House, St. James' and The Cottage, Sandringham. The Duchess of Y rk is devoted to her three brothers, and is seeing as much as possible of them before leaving for Australia. Prince Francis, who, if the Duchess makes any exception at all, is Her Royal Highness's favourite, has inherited no inconsider- able share of his father's good looks. Like all the mem- bers of the Royal Family, he never forgets a face, and always renews his acquaintance with anyone with whom he has had the most casual meeting. More roomy quarters have at length fallen to the lot of the Duke and Duchess of York, who will henceforth take up their residence, when in town, at Clarence House. The Duchess of Saxe-Coburg Gotha, whose dis- like of the Metropolis, and indeed, all things British, is well-known, has decided that she no longer needs the establishment, to the great delight of the Duchess of York, who now comes into possession thereof. York Cottage, Sandringham, like York House, St. James', the Duke and Duchess have also long since outgrown. It is just possi'ile, however, that the Duchess of York may even yet be granted the use of her old home, White Lodge (Richmond), it being very improbable indeed 'that the Empress Frederick will need it. Tbe betrothal of tbe youngest and only unmarried daughter of the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg Gotha, to the Hereditary Prince of Saxe-Weimar, is expected to be announced almost immediately. Her Royal Highness will not be seventeen until April next, but all her sisters were married before they were eighteen.and the Duchess is not likely to make an exception in the case of the Princess Beatrice. Tnis Princess—a very clever and charming girl—is a gcd-daughter and namesake of Prin- cess Henry of Battenberg. Mary Catherine. Countess of Derby, who died tbe other day, in ber 76'.h year, was the s-epmother of the Prime Minister. She was a danehter of the fifth Earl Do la Warr, and was married in 1847, as his second wife, to the Marquis of Salisbury, the father of the present Lord Salisbury. The Prime Minister was then Lord Robert Cecil. and as there was some little estrangement at the time between himself and his father, there was never any intimate friendship between Lord Salisbury and his stepmother. Two years after the late Marquis of Salis- bury died, in 1868, his widow married the Earl of Derby, who was afterwards the colleague in political life of the present Prime Minister. The late Earl of Derby died in 1893, and since his death Lady Derby lived in retire- ment at Holwood, near Bromley. She had five children by her first marriage, of whom four survive viz., Lords Arthur and Lionel Cecil, the Countess of Galloway, and Lady Margaret Cecil, who are, of course, the step- brothers and sister of Lord Salisbury. The Earl of Derby takes his title from West Derby in Lancashire, and not from the County of ll.rbyshire in which the Earl has not an acre of land. There are of course,manv peers whose titles have no connection with locality. The Duke of Devonshire for instance owns land in more than a dc z.n counties in Englann and Ireland, but not one of his 200,000 acres is in Devon. Another illustration is afforded by the Duke of Fife,who, though a large landowner,has no territorial connection with the couety of Fife. Lady Warwick, and others who have interested the in- selves in providing agricultural instruction for wcmen, are to be congratulated upon the success of the College at Readingoa bleb has just celebrated its seemed anniver- sary. If only we had the same facilities for training. there is no reason why we shou d be behind the Flemish women, who, as a rule are splendid agriculturists. We have a large surplus population, and ample rcpe for work in the small cultures, if only there were bands, properly equipped to do it. In Belgium, there are hun- dreds of small technical schools scattered about the rural districts, giving gratuitous instruction to girls in dairy work, and practical agriculture. Then there is the great College of Heverle, which has about 750 pupils. Most of these are farmers' dauehtera who go to Reverie to finish their education and where the daily life alternates between theoretical work in the class- rooms, and practical work in the farrrs and gardeaq. The total fees do not exceed £l2 a year—which is only a fraction of what they are at Reading. But having made a start, it may be hoped that the movement for training women in agiisultural pursuits will be ex- tended in this country, and it is a subject which might well be taken up with advantage, by the County Councils.

This is the season of appeals for many charitable pur- poses at home, but there are also one or two relatinz to South Africa. which claim attention. One is that of the South African Loyal Women's Guild, which is ask- ing for help in providing a fund, and the necessary attention for maintaining and beautifying the graves of our fallen soldiers in South Africa. The (alter is that of the South African Women and Children Distress Fund, the object being to feed, clothe, and shelter women and children, of any nationality who have been rendered destitute by the war. Mr. Chamberlain has expressed his belief that the Boers have destroyed as many farms and homesteads, as tbe British, and if this is so, there must be many of our own country people who are in need of help. Moreover, in every case that this is offered to the Dutch families, it will help to soften bitter feel- ings, and begin the work of reconciliation, which is the one hope for the future well-being of the annexed Colonies.

In glancing over the Christmas cards for the year, one cannot but be struck with the extraordinary inventive- ness of the designers. One firm issues na fewer than 1,200 entirely new sets of cards requiring at least 3,000 separate designs, a really wonderful diversity. Even more beautiful than the csrds however, are the calendars, some of which are veritable works of art. Singularly enough among all the diversity, there is a total absence of war subjects and references, possibly from tha feeling, that matters martial are not in consonance with the season whieh brings peace on earth, goodwill to all man- kind, but the reason more probably has in the fact that all designs are prepared so many months in advance, that topical events could not be brought up-tr.-late. Parisian leaders of fashion would seem to be making a pot-pourri of all the styles which bay^ flourished during the expiring century for a Louis XV. coat, a , Mar- quise'hat, a Watteau pleat, or an Empire robe, are seen with the most fin-de-sleeks styles. But so clever is the adaptation, that there is nothing incongruous in the combination, a sure indication that taste is improving. That interesting collection by at the Palais des Costumes, is to be preserved, and the original scheme will be enlarged upon and added to, as time goes on. This way lies wisdom, for there was no more perfect exhibi`.; in the wonderful Exposition.

For smart winter fur ccats, caracul with revers of er- mine or sable is the fur par excellence. It is as supple and adaptable as velvet, and is not in the least clumsy. So much of the success of a fur coat depends on tha cut and the figure of the wearer, but with canon!, success is assured. The fur blouse is also very becoming in cara- cul, and when trhomed with gold galon and ornamented with large buttons, is a confection to be coveted, and acquired if possible. One of the nrvelties fol this year is the beautiful j.we!lery, calird in Paris. "Nouvesu Art." It is the most notable departure in really :esthetic ornarrenta tion, since the time of Benvenuto Cellini. In pendants and clasps it is especially effective and its subdurd rich coloring is most varied. It is haowever somewhat xper - sive. With the revival of ol(-!ashioned jewellery, the cameo, co beloved of our great aunts, is coming into favour again. The small stones make combs or dides to fasten the loose hairs at the back of the head, and when set with prarls or diamonds, look well. The larger cameos are used to fa eon boas and cape., in fact there, seems to be a variety of uses to which th's pretty orna: ment may be assigned. _ _ _

White la stifi the vicar for quite tiny but when a colour is permitted this is usually of a dull werigwopd tint of blue, than which nothing is more bec.ming. In fur, white Thibet stands first favourite for the rursery f cik, partly no dcubt cn account of its softncss, and partly on accouel of tre delightful habit it has of returning from a jcurney to the cleavers. lonking like unto new. Patty hocks are being Extensively built of

white Oriental satin, which is an excellent fabric for this purpose. It is pretty and suitable. and is not easily torn or creased. The best built frocks are quite straight and simple, smocking, and rows of insertion being the only form of trimming deemed necess.ry or desirable.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_19001214_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED OF ASTHMA'

After Seventeen Years Suffering.

It will be gratifying to Asthmatic readers to learn that an absolute cure has at last been discovered by Dr. Rudolph Schiffmann. That the remedy is an effectual one cannot be doubted after perusal of such testimony as that of George Burton, Littlewood. Loughton, Barwarton, Bridgenorth, who says :—" For seventeen years I have been suffering a martyrdom from Asthma, being laid up and unable to work for Fix months at a time, and have been unable to go to bed for periods of seven weeks at a time. I tried every remedy that nay small means webld allow, but found no benefit whatever until I chanced to see your adveltisement. I sent for a box and found instantaneous benefit from using it according to directions, and by following, up with. it I am happy to say that I am quite free from aty symptoms of Asthma. I am living under Lard Boyne, and I can brief; any amount of reliable witnesses to prove the truth of my statements. You can make what use you like of this letter." Schiffmsnn's Asthma Cure is sold by all Chemists at 2s. 6d. and 4s 6d. per package, or can be obtained by writing direct to Dr. R. Sciliffmann, British Depot, 32, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET BETTING. --- Prosecutions at Warrington.

Heavy Penalties.

Two young men named williem Green, jun.. of 19, Greenell-street, and Thomas Hackett. of 11, Earle-street, appeared before the Mayor and other magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Monday, on a charge of frequenting Winwick-etreet for the purpose of betting with other persons. contrary to the bylaws on the 4th, sth, 6th and 7th of December. The Town Clerk conducted the prosecution on behalf of the police and explained that these were the first cases under the bylaws, which had been brought before the court. Although there bad been many complaints from the Bench and other person. about the p•evalence of the great offence of betting in Warringtnn, the difficulty had been to detect offenders. The men were as crafty as foxes, and all kinds of expedients were used to avoid detection. It was with great diffitulty the police had been able to get the present case. It was no goo making complaints, unless the police were supported in the matter, and if the present csees were proved he asked that the Bench would assist the police by imposing the full penalty. The mischief wrought in the town by neop:e who systematically carried on betting was untold, and he had beard on good authority that the wives ot some men actually complained that they were unable to buy bread because their husbands spent their money in betting. Detective Albert Me.cock was then called and gave evidence as to peeing the defendants taking bets on each of the dates in question. From instructions he received he proceeded to Winwick—street near the Central Station and watched the defendants between 12 noon and two o'clock on the 4:h inst. Re saw the firer, narneel defen- dant receive eleven bets. At 2-50 he eaw him receive a bet from another man near the Central Station steps. He saw Hackett receive three bets the same day on the footpath at the cerner nf Crown-sereet and the approach to the Central Station. On Wednesday he went again tn the same place and saw Green, who ap- peared at 12.25, and he noticed him receive five bets Hackett received two bets and paid out to one man. On Thursday he watched he same vicinity from twelve to two. Green appeared at 12.15 and received five bets. The Town Clerk : How is it done? Explain to the Bench. Witness : Sometimes the money is placed in a piece of paper, and sometimes you can see the mocey pass out openly. When only money is passed they generally make a note of it. The Town Clerk : They don't seem to speak to one another. Witeess : They have a short conversation when they receive a bet. They lock up aod down and then get close to one another, and then pass it. Mr Monks : Were there any bays amongst them ? Witness: No sir • I didn't see any. Cintinuing the witness said that on the Friday ha saw Green receive two bets and make two entries in his bock. Hackett received six bets and male one entry. In answer to the Town Clerk, witness said other transactions might have taken place which he did not see. He kiew the men loitered about the place in ques- tion. One of the men told him be had given up betting some time ago, and that he intended to start again that Imornine at his old trade. He added that" he was sorry it had come to this."

P.C. Clough corroborated. John Hayes. a wire weaver, residing in Kendrick- etreet, said he saw Green near the Central Station about 20 minutes past one on the sth inst. He was near Mr. Pendlebury'a shop, and witness asked him if he was making a book, and he replied" Yes." Witness gave him a shilling to put on a certain horse, and he said " All right." George Davies. ereeegrocer, Blackhuret—street, in answer to the Town Clerk, said he had indulged in bett- ing for some months. He had made beta with Green. The last time was Thursday. Witnels detc ihed the transaction. The horse clid not win. (Laughter.) Wit- ness had backed a winner. The Town Clerk How long have you had transac- tions with Green.—Witness : A few month!. The Mayor :—Have you clone any betting with an, - one else in Warrington, hut Green ?—Witness : No. . The Mayor. after consulting with his colleagues, as d the Bench were very lad, indeed, that these cases hid been brought up, and as this betting had become notor- ously a s,:ardal to the whole town, they were dete,— mined to inflict the full penalty provided under tte bylaws, namely, £5 and costs in each case. Every case which came before them would rEceive similar treat- ment, he believed. The fines were paid. The Mayor : In f,uaification of the sentence. the Bench are a opinion that there is no form of beamv calculated tc do more mischief than betting in small sums, chiefly amonest woikpeople. Whatever may be said in excnee of people who can afford to risk money, although the moral aspect of the question is beyond argument wotking people have no right to ‘vaoder their money—or be tempted to squander money this manner,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Ancient Order of Shepherds, A U

The annual meeting of the above lodge was hold on Saturday evening in St James' Schoolroom, P M. Thomas Hewitt in the chair. The yearly balance sheet presented by the Secretary (P.M.S. Blythe) showed the funds to amount to £'357 15s. 3-!11 I, a gain of £l9 4s. on the year. The adoption ot the report was moved and seconded respectively by the auditors, P.M. J Mather and P.M. J. Astley. P.M. Box, in supporting the motion, congratulated the lodge on the fact that the last balance sheet in the century showed a substantial gain, and hoped that in the coming century the lodge might still go on with increased prosperity. A vote of thanks to the Secretary and Frea-urer was passed, on the nytion of P.P.C.S. Clrez-ty, seconded by P.M. J. ,ck..t,ley, and supported by P.M. J Straw. The TH,t of the evening was spent in the election of officers and other important business.

Elastic Stockiggs Surgical Bandages. Abdo nt nal Belts. Buy them from thP or makers in Liverpool. SLVITIIPI cSz SOI\TS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. e apply a better_gmility at, a lower pica than any other firm in !-,)! tr.de.

woman--and Una out what you can, in your most diplomatic way: Don't mention that you are in search of anyone, but say you want lodging; and cask to.; • )k at the house, or something of that sort. Judgin& from what you've already accomplished, I can trust; you for the rest. Find the girl, and, au I promised, you get your hundred pounds. Here's a note, which tear in half, keeping one part, and. giving you the other, to prove my good faith, sirite you don't know me. When you can tell MO where Miss Ward is, you get the other half. But if you can do something more—if you can persuade her, by any pretext whatever, to go with you to a place owned .by a friend of mine— you shall have a second hundred on top of the first."

"What place is that ? " inquired Miss Alonstance, her greenish eyes sparkling. She thought that...lee would almost have committed a murder which appeared so enormous. Why, two hung' pounds would be a little fortune to tempt Mr. Kittredge into hinmediate matrimony "It's called Carstairs House," said her com- panion, assuming an air of indifference. "I've got to go out there to-morrow—er—on business. I shall be there in the morning of to-morrow till late the following night. Bring the girl there to-morrow, if you can, any time; but the day after there's a funeral going on, and she mustn't come at that time. She'd have to arrive either in the morning or past five in the afternoon. Can you remember all that? But, pshaw ! it's not much good talking about it. There isn't half a chance that, if you come across the girl, you could per- suade her to go with you." "She isn't very fond of me, but once I get hold of her, I wi/r persuade her somehow," said Miss Monstance, grimly, thinking of the two hundred pounds. "How do I get to this Carstairs House? Where is it ? " "I'll shew you on a piece of paper," said Lord Carstairs, sacrificing another leaf from his notebook. "You'll understand better. The worst of it is, Miss Ward has been to Carstairs House once before, and she didn't 'particularly like it. But it was so arranged that she saw nothing of the place till she was taken indoors. She went the longest way round, and it was almost dark when she reached the house. But there's a simple way to get th‘z;#: Look here." And he exp7ained the rough nirtik had been engaged in sketching while he talked. It was finally arranged between the two that Miss Monstance should telegraph "Mr. Smith" at Carstairs House, using the word "Success" or "Failure," and adding the time at which, if she succeeded, she might be expected to arrive. The toin half of the hundred pound note, and another whole one, would be handed her at the porter's lodge in case she presented herself there with Miss Ward as a companion. By the time that Lord Carstairs and his assistant thoroughly understood one another, it was growing dark. Still there was time to go in a cab to the lodging-house kept by Drake's old servants, and, having parted from her employer, she betook herself there at once. •

Every room in the neat little house was shown her by the unsuspecting hostess, and to Miss Monstance's apparently innocent inquiry if there were "any young lady lodgers" she might make friends with if she came, the woman reluctantly replied in the negative. There had been a very sweet young lady only a few days ago, but she had been called suddenly away, on Monday, a week since; and the only other lodgers at present were an elderly married couple just come in. Monday, a week ago That gave the needed clue. Sara Ward, then, had only remained a single night. Miss Monstance dared not ask ques- tions concerning the episode lest the woman's suspicions should be aroused; but she saw by (.!-- • speaker's face that the lodger's departure had boa: a matter for regret. "Ran away, very likely," thought the amateur detective. "In that case, my only chance is to inquire in the neighbourhood as carefully as may be, and find out if anyone saw her sneaking off. The landlady may have her own reasons for not mikin;, too much fuss about her lodger's absence, and I'd have the advantage there." Miss Monstance departed, remarking that she liked the rooms, and would perhaps return next morning to engage one. This, of course, she had no intention of doing; but she did come back to the neighbourhood the following morning, after she had again arranged for it 'substitute in the office. Try as she might, however, she could learn nothing. "Sara Ward" might as well have disappeared into space on leaving the house where for one night she had been a lodger. Still, the promise of two hundred pounds dazzled the girl frem the Addressing Agency. Undaunted by one failure, she said doggedly to herself that she would return to the hunt next day. Patience is usually rewarded, and the patience of" Miss Monstance was no exception to the rule. On the morning of the day which, according to the papers, was appointed for the funeral of Sybil Wade's father. at Carstairs House, luck, in the shape of a small boy playing marbles, came her way. He was stopping at home from school (he assured the sharp-eyed young woman, who gave him a bright new sixpence to open the conversatiou? because of "toothache." He often had it, and WU kept out of school in consequence (this with a sly twinkle of the eye). Yes, he had suffered badly on the Monday a week ago—he quite remembered that. He had been rolling his hoop that morning. He recollected seeing a fair girl, with a lot of yellow hair, walking very fast. She had come round the corner of his street in a tremendous hurry, and he had trundled his hoop after her, to see what she would do, because she looked so queer. He hadn't spoken to anyone about it since, because, after all, it had turned out to be of no importance, and, besides, he'd been to school quite regularly every day since then till now. She'd only walked on till she saw a growler, had hailed the driver, and got in. The driver was a nice old chap, named Toni Atkins. He came that way sometimes, and had been known to "give a feller" a ride on the seat beside him. He lived in Rosemary-mews. Yes, the boy was sure of that. And so at last Miss Monstance went on, having got extremely good value for her sixpence. She had a long distance to walk before she reached Rosemary-mews; but she did finally reach it, and of an old woman who was a dweller there she readily learnt that the "Atkins had a young lady lodger, who was tykin' Fan Atkins's plice in a restaurant called the Busy Bee, somewheres along the Fulham-road." Miss Monstance could scarcely refrain from clapping her hands with joy. She seemed to see the other half joined on to her torn hundred- pound note; and she began to feel more excited and happy than she had ever felt in her monotonous life.

aeon different, if he had been free to go to her anctr win her, as other men won other girls, how happy he might have made her life, provided she had cared for him—only a little, only half as much as •he would have cared for her. How he got through the next day he hardly' knew, except that he went to Lady Carstairs and asked if he might go to the funeral with her and with Gladys. But Lady Carstairs had looted dubious, and said that, as Gladys was rather upset at the postponement of the wedding, she would not attend the funeral the following afternoon, and Jack had far better stop at home with her. Of course, he nuist do as he pleased, but she would suggest that it Ivould be much better if he con- tented 'hintseif with sending a few flowers out to Carstairs house. Empty as Carstairs House had stood (save for• a caretaker) for years, until, as be supposed, Sybil Wade had been taken there to die, the place Was Lord Carstairs's property, and Lord Carstairs's mother had a right to say who should or should not go there. Jack saw that she thought it would be better taste if he stayed away - therefore he must stay away. But he went to a 'florist's and ordered such an offering of flowers as had never beea ordered there before, perhaps, except by Royalty. The night before the funeral Gladys decided to dine quite quietly with a girl friend who was to be her.. bridesmaid, and Jack was earnestly requested to join the party. On the way to the house, which was near the. Boltons', driving in his private hansom, a face looked out at him from the window of an old four-wheeled cab, \which seemed to send his heart into his mouth. Sybil Wade's face! At first he believed that his eyes had played him false, that his constant thoughts of the dead 'lO had crystallised into this vision. But the vision fiaci been ‘marvellously real, so real that he could not resist ordering his man to turn and endeavour follow a four-wheeled cab that had just gone by. Sybil was dead! He entertained no doubt of that fact, which. made the world so grey, so cold for him; yet he felt that he must see once again the girl whose face, in his one fleeting glimpse of it, ; had appeared so extraordinarily to resemble her But he had delayed the pursuit a moment too loll°. He stared almost rudely into the windows of ront7Y four-wheeled cabs in the crowded thoroughfare, bidding the coachman drive on and on, while (cotld. he have guessed it) the :vehicle he sought had been left far behind in a dark and narrow mews. By .the time he gave up hope and abandoned the search it was long past the hour at which he had. promised to report himself in the house of Gladys' Wade's friend. The rememblance of his engagr, ment came suddenly back to him, but the thougm' of keeping it in his present mood was nothing less than intolerable. He stopped at a telegraph office and sent two wires, one to Gladys and one to her hostess, regretting that he was unavoidably prevented frora coming. Gladys would be angry, .but Jack could not help that. He felt.that he must go mad if h,ø. were obliged to chatter 'inane nothings while 11'5 soul cried out for a lost love, and his eyes' werl blind to all else than a white, childish face frame"' by the window of a cab. He dismissed his hansom at the telegraph ofacf)..., that he might at least strive to find relief walking. A slight drizzle of rain had begun' fall, but he did not even notice it. He walked fas,t although aimlessly, with no destination in mind, and went he knew not where. The thong" of the future was hateful to him, and he could ba wished that for him it might be all night an loneliness such as this; rather than be spent with' Gladys Wade and the eyes of the world upon It had been a few minutes after eight when hel had seen the face so like Sybil's—in truth, 7 certain restaurant in the Fulham-road closed a" eight—and he had been due at dinner at half-Psta His search for the missing four-wheeled cab hat lasted nearly an hour, and by the time lie had sea his telegrams and dismissed the cab it was lons past nine. Only the booming of a church cloet close at Fend, striking the hour of midnight, rousel him abruptly to the consciousness that he bac' walked until he was weary and had better go home-, But he had no desire to go home and be remindea of everyday life and all its obligations. At home there were pictures of Gladys Wade in almost eyed: room pictures which Gladys herself had sent hitt!,! in charming frames, taking it for granted that his eyes could not too often rest upon the presentment of her beauty. After Thursday of next week be should always have her before him; she would be his wife. If Sybil had not died they would have been married to-morrow. The future would belong to Gladys; but to-night was still.his own, and ha would not blot out the vision of Sybil's face by' going to the chambers in Whitehall-gardens where the photographs and miniatures of Gladys wer° conspicuously displayed. He thought of the various clubs of which be rert a member, but all were equally undesirabla• _ bad would condole with him because his Marriage been postponed a few days out of com Mon decenl. They would speak of the dead girl and her father; not speak of them, in a careless, indifferpt ways to, dreaming that Sybil, Gladys's cousin, was more him in Heaven than any other woman could be Ors earth. Jaciti r His desultory wanderings had brou Churchill at last to the towing-path at am mer: smith. He sat down on a seat near the water watched the river flowing by. The dark,. swint moving current fascinated him. He.thought of a-`l ; the lives, once bright and promising, that ha; voluntarily gone out beneath tile black water, go_li out in the night—on such nights as this. It WO easy way of ending it all when happiness was overoi; Yet it was a coward's way, and Jack did l° mean to take it., Ho must face life again, a`,l3-, to-morrow, though_ there was no Sybil in `•

world but only Gladys. The drizzle of rain had ceased long ago, and few stars peeped out from behind a torn black 'Tel of cloud. At least there was peace here. Ncit 3 soul passed; and, somehow, he felt nearer to SYII%, than he had felt before. It was not many Wile' away that Carstairs House stood, by the river silte4 and in Carstairs House—so Jack believed—SY', lay dead. He would have given anything to 1111:" taken his offering of flowers himself and to 1-131 been permitted to look upon her sleeping face 1 only for a single moment. There could have beeil no treachery in that. But living, Sybil had be,e nothing to him. She had been protected by IS own people, and none of those things which he 11 it yearned unobtrusively to do for her had he beeli allowed to do. Now Lady Carstairs had delicate,r, hinted that he could do nothing for the dead Sy:l The river, near which he pictured her brill wrapped in the sleep from which she would no; awake this side the grave, seemed now to form, link between them as he sat gazing on the ilovollici water, hearing its mysterious whisper. He cOlll,O not tear himself away, and through long hours remained on the seat by the towing-path until tfa3l first glimmer of dawn turned the river from eti.no to steel. Perhaps he had slept a little, for WC, were memories of dreams lingering in his brsirl.o; dreams which had shewn him Sybil alive and

need of his help. big' ' lie was cold and his muscles felt stiff, bu 4 passionate rebellion against fate had burnt 1,,-0 away and peace had come to him. Happiness Oro'. not be his portion, but he would live so that ori'los'y the end came he might hope to see again lliciscl;; love, who had never known she was his love. ; V was glad of the quiet, dark hours he had sPet7tat ka the river ; but they were over now and he 110" up the burden of commonplace- once more'cg looked at his watch. It. was almost seven dcthc ' and he had sat by the river for nearly six 1101.'1," rst, Exercise warmed him, and when he came b3c: f last to the region of cabs he did not take °lli-ke°‘l the few out so early in search of fares bat 0.3',,h.1 g on, and finally reached the Fulham-road. lc —0,4 time the work of the day was beginning. ''''' weNice half-past seven or later, and workpecple fc, hurrying to their places of employment. SucideLti at the side entrance of a small restaurant, u---ea came upon a group of two or three plain girls, evidently employed there, who wereli-dires''lllo. evhavgierT, became visible, and a stray gleam of a few words before going in. Their lAckse wcoo turned in his direction, but the profile ('-i aril It was the face he had seen in the pale, e - LI sunlight lit up her golden hair. so strangely like Sybil Wade's ! ( To he contila , • • I _ ... . • ~, .. , ..r • . SOFT FAIR-SKIN'. , Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness Iristir- , ed to those Ladies who use , w 1...,, • .. .. ~.,,,,. . ~.. ~„ ‘ , ~„ 4, •,,,, .''' " :I' *LI." • t which removes 'Redness, Routtl,ness, and all.cutt;' aneous defects and iircduces a lovely dclicas complexion. Sizes 2, ",d. & 4s. 6d. Sold by .',..:,!ve t Chemists &A. Rowland & SO:1F, Hiittort (iarlient ' London. 9 cab—the faca,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FX AMIN ER, FRI DA Y, DECEMBER 14 1900

PUBLIC NOTICE.

VVIIEREAS IVE, J. and L. HARRIS. of 28 , and 30, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL, being, Licensed Pawnbrokers pursuant to the Act. of Parlia,nent of 1872. do hereby OFFER to the PUBLIC, at REMARKABLY LOW PRICES, One-third of the Oritrinal Cost, the following ARTICLE.; being goods pledged with us and not redeemel within the statutory period. Each article has been restored to condition equal W new. We give a written guarantee to advance (if recprired) within 10 per cent of the price paid. Cash returned if goods are not approved of. (169) Lady's fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. beauti- folly engraved cases, equal to new, warranted 25 years, 101 s ; (258) Lady's High-class Gold Derai -Hunting K vless Watch, plain cases, equal to new warranted 25 are, -£5 10s ; (174) ditto, engraved cases, small size £3 18s Cl; (173) similar lot, £4 ss; (63) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, opal dial, engraved cases, warranted 25 years, 2,3 ICs; (172) similar lot, gold dial, £3 108 ; (187) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. by Elgin Watch Company, warranted 25 years, £4 Sc ; (156) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, a very pretty watch. warranted 25 years, £3 3s; (153) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watt... 7, richly-engraved eases. opal dial. warranted 25 years. £2 76 6d; (263) Lady's Gold Keyleos Watch, very pretty style. richlv•engraved eases, warranted 25 years, £3 15s; (456) Lady's i-plate Keyless Watch. by Russell, Church-street. warranted 2.5 years ; (232) Gent's Gold Key- less Watch, by Piatenur warranted 25 years, £3 3s; (220) Gent's English Lever Wateh, by Russell. &thumb street, in massive 18-et. gold cases, warranted 25 years, £8 15s ; (237) similar lot, £9 1511 ; (218) ditto. by Harris, £lO ; (212) ditto, by Jones," £ll 15s ; (569) Five-stone Diamond Half-hoop £2 is ; (412) ditto, £2 12s 6d ; (437) ditto, £2 9s 6d ; (652) Di .mond and Sapphire Half-hoop, ES 101 ; (107) ditto, £22 103 ; (108) £lB lOs ; (169) Five-atone Brazilian Half-hoop, £l5 : (393) ditto, £35 ; (626) ditto, £3O ; (124) a magnificent Diamond Marquise lUng £3l; (599) a lovely Pearl and Diamond Ring, magnificent quality. £25; (596) Diamond and Emerald Half-hoop, £7; (102) Diamond and Turquoise Half-hoop; (648) Lady's Five-stone Opal • Half-hoop, 18-ct. gold setting, 25s ; (453) Lady's Five-stone Half-hoop Diamond Ring. £5 166 ; ,4138) ditto, £5 5s ; (576). ditto. £7 Hs ; (187) ditto, £9 9s ; (651) ditto, £l2 101 ; (447) Gent's Single-stone Old- Brazilian Diamond Ring, £27 Ifs ; (101) ditto, 235 ; (89), ditto, £5O ; (589), ditto, £l6 10s ; (153), a Circular Diamond Pendsnt. to form brooch, composed of the purest Brazilian Diamonds, a rare bargain, £55; (700) lovely Diamond Star, Brooch or Pendant, £3B 10e ; (555) another, £25 ; (3 3) pretty Diamond Ruby and Pearl Crescent Brooch, £7; (101) Unique Carved Opal Brooch, £2O ; (750) a Regal Oriental Pearl and Diamond Necklace, £200; (117); Opal and Diamond Bracelet, fashiona.rle style, £35 ; (:04) Diamond and Sapphire Cluster Bracelet, £l7 105 (166) Diamond and Ruby, 15ct. geld, stylish, £5; pretty Pearl Bracelets, from El 10s ; a large sr•lection of Bracelets, all genuine forfeited pledges ; (1.176) Gent's void Allert. Government stamped each link, graduated curb pattern, , very massive, £5, (1,109) ditto, £4 17s 6d ; (118) ditto,£2 15s; , '1,334) ditto, £3 3s ; (1.177) ditto. £2 106 ; (1,318) Gent's Fashionable Vetter-link pattern, £2 141 ; (1,299) ditto, £4 ss; (1,317) £2 10, ; (1.320) £2 13s ; (1,168) Gent's handsome fancy pattern £2 15s ; (124) £2 17s 6d ; (262) £2 les ; (1,204) Ea 56 ; (1,291) Gent's Solid Gold Curb Albert £1 be, marvel- lous value.

It is admitted by the entire jewellery trade that we have the Largest Stock of Gold Alberts in Liverpool. Over 1,',.00 to select from. Value undeniable. SPECIAL OFFER.—A Gent's Solid Gold Albert. Govern- ment stamped each link, over one ounce in weight, £2 3s 6d. Valuables of all kinds Purchased. Exchanged, hold on Commission, or received (in a confidential manner) as Security for Cash Advfoces. Any of the. above forwarded on approval carriage paid to any address. Quote Number and Article. hEND FOR OUR MONTHLY Mel OF FORFEITED BARGAINS, POT FREE. Established 1821. Telephone 5,949.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIS'S, 28-30, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ASSESSMENTS. ---- " The Swan Inn," Newton.

Mrs. Naylor, on behalf of John Naylor, landlord of the " Swan inn," Newton Common, appealed at War- rington on Friday, against the assessment of the premises, which was £9O gross and £76,103 rateable. It was stated tnat the assessment had been increased by £3O groas. The appellant; stated in writing that the "Swan Inn "was essentially a summer house and was principally dependent upon that season. There had been extensive structural alterations, without a correspond- ing increase in the business ot the house, which also suffered through the deprivation of the races. Mrs. Naylor stated that the rent of the home was £5O a year.

In reply to Mr. Billinge she said that although from £2,000 to £3.00 bad been spent on improvements there had been no increase of business. They sold %bout eight barrels weekly in summer but hardly any in winter. Being isolated they had not the same facilities as the town homes. When Newton races were held they used to make enough out of them to pay the rent.

The Asiseesment Committee -declined to alter the assessment.

Mrs Naylor said her husband would have to give up the house as they could nor make it pay on the present conditions.

"The Railway Hotel," Earlestown.

Mr. George Appleton appealed against the increased assessment of the "iltailway Hotel," Earlestown, which was £l6O gross and £136 rateable. It was stated that the rent was £lOO and the appellant urged that the business done, did not warrant the increase of £lO on the assessment, which had been made. The Chairman said the committee could not see their way to uphold the appeal.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
The Clara Butt Grand Concert.

Warrington people will, on Sionday evening, be afforded a last opportunity of hearing Miss Clara Butt (Sirs. Kennedy Rumford), and Mr. Kennerley Rumford, the wt,r-known vocalists, prior to their departure for America and Australia. The cpncert will take p'ace in the Parr Hall, and, in addition to Mr. and Mrs. Rumford, several artistes of high repute will appear, including Miss Maggie Purvis, Mr. Joseph Reid, Miss Anna Stern (solo violin), and Bidllo. Elsa Ruegger (solo violoncello). The plan of reserved seats may be seen at Mr. B. 11. Pearson's, Bold-street.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "The Secret of the Pearls," "The House by the Lock," "Queen Sweetheart," "The Barnstormers," "Her Royal Highness," Am.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXIV.

AN OLD ENEMY AGAIN.

From Lord Carstairs's point of view, the conversa- tion passed off satisfactorily. Whatew:r Drake suspected regarding the disappearance of Ifester, he asked no questions, as aprar:tntly Hester had ,been true to Sybil's interests, and refrained from betraying her whereabouts to Carstairs. As for the notice in the papers which had just appeared, he naturally had some questions to ask, but he prudently affected to be satisfied with the answers he received, and kept his thoughts to himself for the present. Carstairs therefore got away from his ,quondam friend and confidant without having said anything;;which he would have to regret later; and, leaving the impression that he still kept his old faith in Drake, he finally departed.

What he said was, that he was going to do some- thing which he had neglected—buy a wedding present for Gladys. What he did, was to go to the nearest post-office and consult a directory. lie found Robertson's Eclair Addressing Agency with- out difficulty, and drove there at once in a hansom. ,He was received by Miss Monstance, Sybil's old enemy, who had glared jealously from narrow grey eyes over her typewriting machine on the first day of Sybil's appearance at the agency. Carstairs did not. wish to be known, as, should he give his name, the fact that he had called and made inquiries might reach Beauchamp Drake. He represented himself as a Mr. Smith, in business in the West End of London, who wanted to inquire the prices at which the agency worked. He had been recommended to Mr. Robertson's Agency, he said, by a young lady he had met in a business way; he rather thought she was employed in the establishment. At the moment he had forgotten her name; but she was quite a young girl, not more than seventeen, small and slender, with great quantities of curly, pale yellow hair, eyebrows many shades darker, and a very pink and white complexion. Was there a lady answering that description working in the office? The smile of welcome with which Miss Mon- stance had greeted a new customer, in the absence of Mr. Kittredge (who had a cold, and had stopped at home that day) gradually faded from her sharp visage, which clouded sulkily over. No, there was no lady answering that description, she replied, bluntly. Had there been such a one? If MiEs Monstance would endeavour to recollect, she might expect to have it—er—made worth her while. The lady in question had neglected to return some valuable manuscripts she had been copying, and he was anxious, if possible, to learn her address. When Miss Monstance discovered that this handsome though peculiar-looking young man ("quite a swell," as she put it to herself), was not a possible lover for the girl she had hated, her objections to telling what she knew vanished into thin air. She informed the gentleman that a Miss Sara Ward—or a young person calling herself Sara Ward—who was of the type lie described, had been in the office, but had left, without a word of warn- ing, a week ago. A friend of Miss Ward's—Mary Carter, a gloomy, dark girl, with big black eyes, had disappeared on the same day; but as the em- ployes did that sort of thing from time to time, and these girls were of no importance, so far as she knew, no inquiries had been made. However, there was a friend of the proprietor's, a solicitor, who had taken a fancy to Miss Ward, and he might know something. Miss Ward had looked like a flirt _ _ _

) "My MSS. were very -,-.:1117;1)1e," said Carstairs, in a reflective tone. "I eon 't wish to apply to the police in this case "—which was true, indeed, for reasons he was not likely to mention—"but I'd give anyone a hundred pounds who would show me exactly where to put my hand on the girl." Miss Monstance's sallow face flushed deep crim- son. If she had a hundred pounds she could do many things—best of all, she could marry Mr. ,Kittredge, and they would set up in business for themselves. Besides, she would have been pleased to do anything which might injure "Sara Ward," without payment. "Give me twenty-four hor le exclaimed, '‘and I'll find her for you."

CHAPTER XXV.

TIIE PATIENCE OP 21ISS MONSTANCE.

, When the bargain had been struck between Lord Carstairs and Miss Monstance, the first thing that the astute young woman did was carefully to think 'matters over. In ten minutes she had formed a plan of action. She knew where "Sara Ward" and "Mary Carter" had lived, and went to Thameston-street. Their room was still unoccupied, and she, posing as an inquiring friend of the absent girls, asked to be shewn up there, in the hope that she might come across some clue to their whereabouts. In a cheap waste-paper basket she spied a number of papers which had not been thrown out, and a crumpled note from Mr. Robertson told her that Sara Ward had been doing some work for the pro- prietor of the agency. , Miss Monstance ha l in her all the ferretty instincts of the born detective. Besides, she was now on her mettle, playing for what seemed to her a great stake. She discovered, through questioning the landlady at Tharneston-street, that her two young lodgers had gone out on a Sunday afternoon, carrying with them some papers, and had never afterwards returned.

! "They went to Mr. Robertson's, I'll bet V Miss Monstance inelegantly assured herself. Having left the office in charge of a responsible person, she was free to pursue her investigations, and proceeded straight to Craven-street; for, though she had never been to Mr. Robertson's flat, she knew the house by sight. She did not ring the bell which would produce his servant in response to a summons, but rang for the janitor. A tip, paid from Miss Monsta.nce's savings, sharpened his memory, and he. presently recalled the fact that be had seen such a girl as Miss Monstance described. She had come, stayed a few minutes, and departed in the company of a gentleman who occasionally visited Mr. Robertson—a well-known solicitor, Mr. Beauchamp Drake. More than this the janitor could not tell; but, hoping that she had already earned her hundred pound's, Miss Monstance took a cab to a quiet restaurant in the Haymarket, where Carstairs had told her she might, if she had anything to com- municate, ask for, and find "Mr. Smith" between certain hours in the afternoon.

Carstairs was there to keep the appointment, and anxious for new. His face flushed, and he tightened his lips when he heard that which made him more certain than ever of Bcauchamp Drake's treachery • but he was equally certain that, what- ever had fiappened a week ago, Drake had somehow lost touch with Sybil now. If he had not—if ho had been able to mould the girl's actions according to his will—he would have married her by this time, crying: "Checkmate !" to Lord Carstairs's plans. Drake's manner had e;pressed concealed anxiety when he bad spiten of the death notice which Carstairs had imu,ried in the papers, and from that the other judg;,,i that his false friend had failed in his own schemes.

"The girl wouldn't him, and most likely she's contrived to slip bet ween his fingers as she did with me, though she has no Hester to help her now," • Carstairs said to himself. He knew of the lodging-house kept by the man and woman who had once been in Drake's service, for Drake had at one time proposed that Carstairs should have certain dealings with them before the old house by the river had been definitely decided upon as the scene of action. Now Carstairs guessed that the solicitor had had a thouOit for his own advantage even then ; and, in remembering the lodging-house keepers, he suspected that Drake tllight in this instance have taken Sybil there. He was particularly anxious to keep his dis- coveries and investigations from Drake's knowledge, partly from a cowardly fear that Drake would instantly seek revenge, partly lest he should be thwarted at the outset ; and he congratula;ed him- self on having so clever an assistant as this young woman from the Addressing Agency. Her spiteful enmity against Sybil had been betrayed by word and look Oierefore, she could be relied upon for a personal motive even deeper than cupidity; and in pursuing the case still ftirther, Lord Carstairs intended to screen himself behind Miss Monstance.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXVI.

THE FACE OF THE DEAD.

Jack Churchill ought to have considered himself one of the most fortunate men in England, if not the world. Rich, good-looking, popular, young, and engaged to marry a great beauty—for whose sake more than one man had broken his heart—it must have appeared to an outsider that he had little left to wish for. Yet he was unutterably miserable, and in the last few weeks had grown old in feeling that there was nothing to make life worth living. The more he saw of Gladys Wade, the more dis- illusioned he became. He had never loved her, but he had chivalrously credited her with many good qualities which he saw, now that the girl had been literally forced upon him, she did not possess. Literally, her face was her fortune. Heart she. had none, of mind only enough to scheme success- fully against a rival, or "assume a virtue when she had it not." Without her beauty she would have been bankrupt, indeed ; and poor jack Churchill, whose quixotic generosity had led him into his present position, had reached a pass when, not only had Gladys Wades classic featm-es lost their charm, but become well-nigh repulsive. The news of Sybil Wade's death, which came to his ears through Lady Carstairs before it went in tics the papers, was not only, a shock but a revelatic to Jack. When Sybil lived, he had not dared tti; let himself realise that, though seen only once, she was all the world to him. But when he was told that she was dead his heart spoke, and told him the truth. He had hardly seemed to have any part in arranging the date for his forthcoming marriage; and if it could have been postponed for any other reason on earth save this one, he would have been inestimably relie7ett. But Sybil—beautiful little wistful-eyed Sybil -- v,-,ts dead ! Nothing else mattered since that was so. Lady Carstairs said that the proper thing would be to put off the wedding for a few days till after the funeral. Nobody who knew anything of the circumstances could expect more, as really poor little Sybil had been almost a stranger, and they had already been far kinder to her than they were actually calit.•:.,cl upon to be. Jack listened dazedly, his only e.,;,,ecious wish being to get away front her cold eyes,. ad Gladys's dark, questioning gaze, fixed upon ;4!;,s paling face. Sybil wet! kad! He thought of nothing else that day, and 4,• not sleep that night I,)r the agony of thinkiw Ilat death had stolen the sweetness he had loved, rte was so vounz. If only things had

===== 0002601_19001214_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19001214_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . - . . • •••/, ~,.. - ./Alritii...?!•-.7-- .-= ' •' . - . • • ' , , • , ..„..„ . . ... . . . ~ , , .. i ' .., t • . ,; •.,-. - .. . . . ...._ ,

-2,0‘,41100

4-'

===== 0002601_19001214_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
'I HE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.

PROPOSIM A.CCOMSIODATION.

Drawing Offices, 10 places. Apparatus Store, Mechanics' laboiatory. Woodworking shop with benches for 24 boys. Plumbing workshop and metallurgy laboratory, one storey building). DOM EST IC DEPART lENT. PROPOSED ACCOMMODATION. Cookery room to accommodate 54 for lecture or 36 for practice. Laundry for 14 at practice. Dressmaking room. We have already pointed out that the Com- mercial and Continuation classes will not be accom- modated in the new Technical School. At a lacer date it is intended to build behind the proposed building and provide the necessary accommodation with an entrance from Museum-itreet. It has also been decided to postpone the consideration of pre- viding accommodation for the pupil Teachers Centre and the establishment of a Higher tirade Mixed School. These will be taken into con- sideration at a later date, Another scheme which has been postponed is the prevision of an assembly hall. In the course of his report on the proposed new Technical School Mr. Nladeley stated that the work of the institute had been considerably hampered in the past by the want of a mederate-sized aentably hall, in which prize distributions, general lectures, and similar functions might be carried on. The committee, however, found it impossible to include this in the present building, but it is to be hoped that in the near future, the Technical Instruction Committee will be able to meet all the requirements for techni- zal education in this busy manufacturing town where such education is essential if we are to hold our own in the industrial world of to-day.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.

Annual Meeting. Mr TI GREENOCGIT presided over the annual meeting of the Warrington and District Agricultural So.iety, wnich was held in the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, on Monday afternoon. Amongst others present were the Mayor (Alderman Robert,) Councillor A Bennett and Messrs A Chandloy, L A Voimey. J E Seck2t, C Jacksln Rolmes, E Gibbons, E Clarke, H G Roberts, J Knowles (hon. treasurer), Cohn Mac Iver (hon secretary) and R Betcs- ford Melville (secretary).

===== 0002601_19001214_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL MATTERS,

The statement of accounts was submitted :—Raceipt,!: Subscriptions, special prlzos, Z 42., £192 ; special dona- tion,c.,£3oo ; entry fe,s tor exhibits, £159 2s ; admissions at gate. £79 103 31 ; admissions at grand stand, £lB 19s 61 ; sae of catalogues,&c, £l4 us ; resirs of private stands, £l4 ss; ba!ance, £l5 Gs 31 ; total £793 83. PAY- ments : Prizes, £5BO ; fitting up show yard, £B3 2s 81 ; printing,adyertisinv,. &.7, £47 91 ; jadges' fee:s, salaries and commissiona,£s7 19.4 ; oostanus and tele- grams, £7 103 lid ; provander, £2 4s 71 ; p £5 19.3 51 ; affillate -1 society's subscriptions £3 34 ; laneous, £4 34 31 ; 'otal, £793 B,.—Gener al s.llance : Balance in band, 1399, £43 17s id ; deduct balance as above. £l5 03 31 ; total, £2B 193 101. The accpuuts were approved on the motion of Mr. VBRE DAVIE 9 secomiel by Mr VmsEr. LAST YEAR'S SHOW-REPORT BY THE SECRETARY.

The SECRETARY read the annual report which statei that the eleventh annual show was again held in Walton Park by the kind invitation of the President, air Gilbert Greenall, on Thursday, 9:h August, 1900. The Mayor of Warrington (Mr. Henry Roberts) was the vice-presa dent for the year and the society are indebted to him for the support he has always given the society since its inauguration both as a subscriber and an exhibitor. Apart from the bad state of the weather the show was a success. There was a " record " entry in most classes and the judges spoke very highly of the exhibits. ThR jumper class, which was a special feature of this year's show, had not a large entry, there bsiag other shows about the same time, having an older repueation for this particular class. The cattle chases are not sufficiently supported, especially in a district so well known for its dairies ; but it may net be properly understood by owners of cattle and tenant farmers that with the exct Wien of Use class for pedigree bull no particular breed is necessary, and pedigrees are not required, the idea of the society being to offer prizes for the best dairy cattle. As regards the classes, for shires it would be noticed that there were very few barren mares, and tee largest class was for mares with foal a': foot, which in itself was most satisfactory. The Shire Horse Society gave their add medal, and silver medals were given by the Hunters Irnprov -- ment Society, and the Hackney Horse Scciety. This year the silver challenge cup given by Sir Gilbert Greenall for the best shire entry in mares and fillies, 'filly foals and colt foals, leaves the socie,y, the winner having won it outright. An epee draught gelding class was well supported, there being 13 entries. and together ' with the draught gelding shown in the district class made a good display, and the withdrawal of the conditions as to the entries in these classes having to be eligible for lentry in the Shire Stud Book created keener competition as the exhibits were not limited to shires. The president has long been ef opinion that the society ought t enlarge its work, and last year submitted a scheme for the con- sideration of the members. It is for them to say whether this scheme has pmved satisfactory. Sir Gilbert Greenall spared no pains to make this year's show successful. He laid an entirely new ring at great cost, and when the comm ttee Ir!sitatl:l to flat such an enlarged prize schedule on account of the risk in finances he cffered to guarantee all lons. In consequence of the bad weather there naturally is a deficit in the accounts, but Sir Gilbert, in fulfilment of his prormise, enabled she society to meet all its liabilities. An additional item of expeaditure was the new railing round tee ring. Mr R A Naylor, of Warrington, again gave his support to the wark of the society and only charged a nominal sum for a very strong and useful fence 'file cot:emit:me earnestly invite the members of the Society to co-operate with them for the successful work- ing of the society, not only in remitting their subscrip- tions early but endeavoering to obtain additional members and bringing forward to the notice of the neighbourhood generally the advantages derived from supporting a society of the kind, A resolution passed at, a meeting of the committee to the effect that all exhibitors wishing to take the advantage of the lesser entry fees by beceming members of the society should pay two years' subscription was, after due considsra- tion, struck out of the minutes, but it was decided to defer the matter for final settlement by the members of the society at the annual meeting in December. Before closing the report the committee with to take this opportunity of thanking the hon.veterinary surgeons, Nlr Joseph Welsby, of West Derby, near Liverpool, and Mr Hugh Ferguson, of Warringtorefor their continued help. The stewards also deserve the greatest praise for the excellent way in which they carried through their arduous duties, the judges again congratulating the society on having thee a band of energetic workers. It is almost unneeessary to repeat that a great atmouet of the success of a show of the kind depends upon the manner and promptness in whica the stewards conduct their share of the work. The committee have cs.refaily considered the rules of the society, which they submit, in a reduced form, for the approval ana adoption by the members, and they also wish to suggest for the con- sideration of the members at the annual meeting, that a recommendation be made by thin to the General Com- mittee to adopt the prize schedule of the last show with a few slight alteratians, which will be more fully con- sidered by the Executive Committee.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR GILBERT GREENALL RE-ELECTED PRESIDENr.

SPEECH BY THE MAYOR.

The CHAIRMAN proposed the re-election of Sir Gilbert aroma 11 as president for the ensuing year. Ile said it was well-known that Sir Gilhort to3lc a great inte.reqt th Society, and it tvienaed to him that he intended that the show shoold go on. (Ileac, IPar). Mr. Gissorz seconded.

The MAYOR, in upportinF.! the resolution said the in- tense interest Sir Gilbert Greenall had shown in the society since its formation up to the present day entitled marriage. (Applause.) It was a very fittiug oppor- tunity to do it Pecause this was the first public meeting

===== 0002601_19001214_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
r 133 419 .1 A ti,4 r td.

In al; Cases of f.tchi-th..-_,- Bizi:n!ng Humours with

===== 0002601_19001214_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
a Pollcur2 r"? ?I lc ptiNtsolvoli! .til2, •

While C:eansing the Skin and Scalp with hot baths GfCISTICURA SOAP and hca!ing the Fen, Inflamed Supface with CUTICU RA O:NTRENT.

dby all Chemists. Price, TUE SET, 69. t or,SnAr. ; OINT- MENT, 2tl. lirbutvENT, 2s. ed.; poapaul by F. NYWBERY St 1,011,1011, E. C. POTTER DRUG ANi CI; ELL C 001.., Sole P:4114., IOStOII, C. S. A. ll.ew to Cure lit:mows," poet free.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE MAYOR OF WARRINGTON.

DRAUGHTS.

Warrington League. First Division.

CAIRO-ITREET V. PADOITg.—Tbe Above tesme met at Cairo-street room. on Monday, neither Learn being fully rep- resented. Results : CAIRO-STREET. Wins.

PADGITE.

Draws. Wins; 1 S Tavlin 2 D Plinston 2 iii W Clarke 0 P Croft 2 J Green 0 J Davies 0 2 Fred Wright 1 H Hepple 1 T H Granger 0 2 J Baton 0 T Boyd

- ; ... -n, Yr ARRINGTON V. Sr. so 01211:31., . —..--,ayed on Monday evening at St Birnablis' rooms.—core : WIRRINGTJX. 13T. BLIINLELS'. Willi:,

Wins

Draws.

1 F Dunne 1 J Roberts 0 W Cummins 1 1 W Rigby 1 li J. Powell 0 W Darlington . 1 1 F Warburton ...... 2 0 Powell 0 W Virarburtou ...... ... 1 J livens

"TUPPENCE" A DAY. • • What is it? Well, it's ss. per month, or, to put it more , • ~,, ,V,1tkr.r..,... i'. ' - .." . , .. strikingly, those two coppers a day will pay for one of ~.- ..:"!%;:- 4,.. CI, . i.,-,g, ' \ L.,:0t% the finest watches in the world. •?-....-' ' ' • • +. . 4::,' 44; ;:,4•,' - • ...‘ ,-:, , .-4,-. You only send ss. to start with, •-.' \ •, s , •m J G Graves w enorw ill h fard ''4 ••••1,1.;t' ,'_ 4." -' .-• ' • t '- ' 50/- • ~,,.. -,,:,:::•::,-.4,, „..,.,,,;,... ,.,„, ;.c .....-z-N,-,,,•‘•17 v ...,.iL:k. - el. The "EXPRESS ip ~. c4.1„,,..,t 7-• ,d,s,,Akk. V. ---7-7"--.-_, ' • NO-.lVi-f-, :, '. ,i__„<'. ''' ''o;blll,l°..:/' ,N, j,. ----,- •••.: : -,„;,...,. 0.4.-V English Lever, . _. 21.. 10s. . ,4 (0111 N\ ,-- Guaranteed British Manufacture throughout, and 1,/ W ,; Warranted for Seven Years. It contains all the most j4t, 1 Modern Improvements, and is fitted with Massive - i 4 --- ' ~- --= -- - Sterling Silver Cases. ~ k _ v _ If you are satisfied with it, you complete the purchase i l`‘ in nine more monthly payments of ss. If you are not . satisfied with it, return the watch, and your deposit will (II •. , • LW] ' ' be instantly refunded. 10 4 •-••• 4 ',.. Have you seen 3 .G. Graves' New Catalogue of Watches, , , •Ili I ty 2 1 's /1 .; ' , . ' , Jewellery, Clocks, Sheffield Cutlery and Plate, Workmen's • Tools, &c., dcc. Sent Free to you on application. \ k .4- . WANTBD.—Young Men to show these goods to their friends. Good incomes made. Write for terms and. particulars. r_ ~... J. G. GRAVES, Dept. -161 Division Street, SHEFFIELD. 1-,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Interesting Proceedings.

At the invitation of the directors of the Warrington British Workmen's Public-hou,se Company, Limited, a small company assembled in the drawing room at the IVinmarleigh Cato, Warrington, on Wednesday afternoon to attend a pressmtation to the secretary of th 3 Company (Alderman Henry Rob?.rts, J.P., Mayor of Warrington), Light itfrestiments were handed round from four o'clock to five. Thero were present :—The Mayor and Mayoress and Miss Roberts, Mr and Mrs Itatv rt Garnett, A!th•rman

Shaw tireen,.Councillor and Mrs Wiliidna Roberts, Coun- cillor a(ul Mrs Brough, Mr and Mrs Jackson Holmes, Mr and Mrs T Birchall, Mrs Yonge, Mr Jatin Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr and Mrs I,o(4:land, Mr and Mrs J W Hayward, Mr Isaac Hayward (WakAiela), Mr Francis Brown, Mr ard Mrs John Critchiev, Mr and Mrs Taylor (Macclesfield). Mr E A Connor, Mrs Lightburn, Mr and Mrs Thomas Hawthorn, aLd Mr and Mrs Joseph Podmore.

The formal proceedings were presided over by Mr J W Hayward, and at the outset he read letters of apology for noo-atteudsace from the Rev John Yonge, Mr E J Guest, Mr arid Mrs Jona Fairclough, ilr Z ba Armitage, and Mr William Uns worth (Latchford). The Rev John Yonge wrote " December Bth, 1900. Dear Sie,.—l regret that an important engagement in Londom will prevent my being present on Monday at the presenta- ma to Alderman Roberts. I shall be glad if you, will: kindly explain my unwilling absence on so interesting and gratifiying an occasion. Faithfully yours Jorns YONGI3. C Jackson Eloleoes Eig " Proceeding he said that four years ao the Britian Workman Public-House Company celenrated its cemiog of age, when the direc- tors and secretary marked the occasion by presenting to teeir then chairman the late Mr Thomas Morris) a token ot appreciation of his valued services to the company and Les generous and kindly spirit to those associated with him. That day they celebrated their 25th anniver- sary or their silver vr edding ? (Hear, hear.) Directors and shareholders had alike combined to rec.,geiz, the 25 years' faithful service of their Secretary. As actions spoke more effectively than words they were wishful that what they did that day might be a sincere expres- sion of their appreciation of his service, worth, and abit- ity• (Hear, hear.) Be would now ask one of the city fathers, Mr Robert Garnett who had been associated with the company from its formation to make the pre- sentation to their Secretary, his Worship the Mayor. (Applause.)

• Mt' ROBERT GARNETT said he did not know that the British Workman Public-house Company could have been under better guidance than it had been since its formation ; he had watched it through the various years, and he was somewhat surprised to find that it had been in existence for 25 years. He remembered taking an interest in the houses in Liverpool when the late Rev. Chance Garrett:. was to the front, and he thought it was a very hopeful sign when their Warrington friends took the matter up aud established similar public-houses, where men could have some:bing to eat and drink and not be expected to spend their money in something 'which was diametrically opposed to their own intere-its. (Hear, hear ) With Alderman Roberts as secretary of the Company and with his brother, Mr. William Roberto also counected wita it, it was sure to succe el. The property was a large and valuable one, and was worth vastly more than it cost, and the company was now in a good position. Of Alderman Roberts he could not say too much. He felt proud of him, and he was proud of him as Mayor. (Hear, hear.) He had known every Mayor since the incorporation of the borough—some of them pretty well. He (Mr. Garnett) never took a great interest in politics, and he would not go into the Town Council, not because be did not like the work hut be- cause he would not go in on party lines. Be contended that the men they wanted were men with good square heads on, with time to devote to the duties ot the orfice, and men should not be elected because they were Whigs, Tories, or Radicals. In the Mayor they had a man whom they could trust. (Hear, hear.) He had not got his price. (Hear, hear.) He( Mr. Gar- nett) esteemed Alderman Ronerts for his integrity and high priuciples, and he could say the same of hie brothers. He wished they were a bigger family, as they were • good sort. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Their lather was a good man and he knew and esteemed him and he was sorry that his life had been cut off at a corn- peratively early age. He was a most estimable man, and if he could only know what was taking place—no doubt he did—be would feel that honour was lasing done to the town by his sons. (Hear, hear.) He had much pleasure in presenting the Mayor w.th a handsome silver tea and coffee tray. He s'aculd never expect to see it at their uncle's—(laughter)—for he was quite sure A!cler- man Roberts would cherish it. (App!a use).

, . The tray, which was chaste in 'design, had been supplied by Messrs. Eu,tance nod Com- pany. It bore the following inscription :—" Pre- sented by the Directors of the Warrington British Workman Public-house Company, Limited, to Alderman Henry Roberts, J.P- , of Warrington, in recognition of 25 years.' taitlitul services as Secretary of the Comp toy. Dated December 10th, 1900 " Mr. JACKSON HOLMES (chairman of the company) next addre sod the meeting, and coniVlirnented Mr. Hayward upon the manner in which he had made the arrange- ments for the presentation ar.d said it was owing to the sbrewiness of Mr. Roberts that they now po:ses-eci that handsome piece of property at the bottom of lEl)l'3m:tat- ket-street.(Hear,hear.) If it haa no: peen for the manner in which he had coesisteotly and persistently advocated its purchase the company would not have been in a posi- tion to pay the handsome dividend it now did. But they did not make their profits on the goods they sold,as they gave such excellent value for everything. The profits from the sales were exceedingly small, and their income was largely augmented by the fact that they were their own landlords. It gave him very great pleasure to be. present on that occasion, and he was pleased that Mro Garnett had been able to make such a presentation t the Mayor. (Hear, hear ) Mr. T BIRCHALL said it gave him very great pleasure indeed to be present and help to do honour to a man, whom he believed from his heart was worthy of honour. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Roberts was a man who bad grown up amongst them. He had known the Mayor from his childhood. Unfortunately, like Mr. Garnett, he had known every M tyor of Warrington, and many of the inhabitants who were now to the front, since they were children, and he thought it was a credit to War- rington that most of its public men had risen from com- paratively poor positions. It showed that they had men of sterling worth and ability amongst them, men fitted to take their part in the battle of rife in a town sech as .their own. They had reason ;to complain of many of the public citizmis in Warrington. They had seen them make their fortunes here, and then quietly slide out of the town and decline to take up those duties which men who had obtained wealth an( leisure ought to perform. They went to their churches and chapels, and perhaps some of them repeated their creeds, but there were some plain things they frequently overlooked, and one was this " To wham much is given, from him much shall be re- quired." (Hear, hear). Ile was afraid that some of tneir wealthier men had not heeded that lesson. But they were fortunate in the class of men—of whom their worthy Mayor was one of the best—who filled the civic chair. They were men of ability who bad made their way in the world and could stand up to the front with anybody, and had taken their full share in the municipal lite of the borough. But he bad never been so proud of any Mayor as he had been of the present occupant of the chair. He was a Warringtonian born and bred, and he was a man of whom they were proud. If he went to any place at a distance he could represent them with credit ; that was not what they could have timid of all their Mayors so far as ability to do anything in ttie way of putting their case before the community was con- cerned. They weep proud to have that opportunity of showing their good-will to Alderman Roberts who had PO many claims to their respect, and they were proud t do him honour. (Hear, hear, and applause). Mr. JOSEPH PODMORE also spoke and.gave come inter- esting reminiscences of the early history of the company, with special reference to the building in Horsemarket- street, and contended that they owed mush of their prosperity to the ability of their worthy secretary. Ho had always felt cenfid-nee in anything he had put his hands to in the way of business. (Hear, hear). Mr. HAYWARD sai I ho trusted that the Mayor and his good wife would be able to drink tea from that tray until the Company c lehrated its goldee:wedding. The MAYOR, in acknowledging the gift, said it was not an easy thing to reply to matters so personal to him- self, andl'he found considerable difficulty in expressing what be should like to express to the Chairman and the other speakers and to all who had 60 generously sub- scribed to enable the company to naake such a handsome present to him. He thanked the Committee for having allowed him the opportunity, with his wife, of making the selec:ion of the present, and if anything could add to his pleasure it was the fact that a very old friend of his father (Mr. Garnett), and other old friends, in the persons of Mr. Birchall and Mr. Polmore, were present to say the kind things they had said of him ; and to re- member at the sameitime the influence which his father's life end conduct must have had upon his own life. He Oiould value, as he knew his family would value, the present not only for its intrinsic value, which was very considerable, but more for the kindly feeling which lay . . . .

at the back of it ; and which showed that, after all was said and done,if a man did his work conscientiously and thoroughly the time would come when it would heap- predated by those on whose behalf it was done. (Hear, hear.) It was only just that ha should say that all through the 25 years he had received at the hands of the directors the very utmost. consideration that any official could possibly desire. He regretted to find that th(ro was not a single one of the original directors now on the Board. Most had been carried away by the re- morseless hand of death, but in every case thy had lett fragrant memories behind them and the value of their work was being shown. There wore two sides to the I work in connection with the company. One *as the purely financial side and the other the moral side. When these houses were first instituted there was no doubt a veat and pressing need for some place of accommoda- tion oth2r than the public-house. That need had been

to a large extent supplied tv the establishment of these houses, but they all felt at the time—although it was 25 years since—that unless the concern could be established upon a sound financial basis, and that if they were to trust to philanthropic effort to keep it going, the :,ime would come when it would drop out. The concern, of course, as originally started, was not the concern it was to-day. It was commenced with the idea of forming a I sort of workmen's club, and for nearly two years it was carried on on those lines. The first year it did pretty well, but tho second year it did badly indeed, and such was the position at the end of the second year that if they had been compelled to wind up the ehareholhere would have got only a small proportiou of their capital, if any at all, back again. But they had one or two great hearts millings= them. They were now g-ne, but they said • " No, we are not going to Ift this thing slip through. It will want a little more money, and we shall have to alter our plan." The Liverpool houses had been established in the meantime. He believed theirs wee older than the Liverpool Company, who however, started on the right track from the very beginning, and their Secretary and Manager, who was still in office, and was an able man j came over to see him, and gave him the lines on which their company was working. And the directors at War- rington decided that they were the lines to follow. They scraped together sufficient money t, entirely trans- mogrify the premises ia Horsemarke-street and start on the new lines, and from that day to the present the company had never looked behind. I had had better seasons the,t others, but it had always been able to pay a dividend from the new system and put something by for depreciation, &o. They had psi] a satisfactory divi- dend, and had entirely extinguished their furnishing account, and had become possessed of a property which was worth considerably more than they gave for it, and which the Chairman had kin lly attributed to some extent to his efforts. But these efferts could never have succeeded without the entire support of the directors. They were not making their He profits entirele out of the sales. They were mere the result of the economical policy brought about by the purchase of the property in combination with a good besiness manegement. He did not think he cool I say anything meee except that, of course, the directors knew perfectly well that his connection with the management for the last few years had been only a saperfieaal one. The real solid work had been carriei out by his brother. (Hear, hear.) He had, however, always kept hims-lf in touch with what was going on, and he bored still to he able to do that for some years to come, but he did not want to take credit for that attention to the details of the business which justly belonged to his brother or the credit for the position of the company that day without acknowledging fully and frankly the very cordial ce-operation with which all his suggestions had boon met on the part of the Board, whom it had been a pleasure as WU as an bonner to work a ith. He was glad the pesition of the comna7 7 was what it was. It was an object !woe te other towns who might have done as well as they in Warrington had done, perhaps better, but they were one of the few towr”; who had stuck fast to the principles with which they started. The result was that their little concern—for it was only a little concern—had been cor- ducted on euch lines as were essential to the success of any husiness. H. again thanked mest sincerely the directors and shareholders for the very hendsom- recog- nition of his work. The tray would be treasured in his house as long as he lived, and he sincerely believed that those who would hays to follow him would always re- vire' it as a very handsome recognition of the work ' which he dii during his life'irne. He honed his name in some way might he a,s=o elated with the company as long as he I veci, and that every lady and gentleman who had subscribed to the testimonial weirld ace,pt from him his warm and heartfelt thank", and his pledge, as far as it was worth, that as lone as he could be of service to them he should only be too p'eased to place his services. at their disposai. (Applause). Mrs JACKSON UOLMES eery eliently contributed two s los on the piano, and the gathering then dispersed.

local Trades' Unionism.

Very little business of public interest was trans- acted at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council, which was held in the Druids' Ilan, Sankey-street. on Tuesday evening, Mr. A C Binks presided: over a good attendance.— The Secretary read a letter from the Town Clerk, acknowledging the rec 4pt of a letter with refer- ence to municipal bowling greens from the Trades Council, which, he said, shoull be laid before the next meeting of the proper comnaittee.—Coun- cillor A Bennett, the Secretary of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce, wrote in repl y to a communi- cation from the Council, stating that it. had been decided to defer the question of the creation of a local Board of Conciliation until the annual meeting, which would nrobably be held on the last Monday in January. Could the Council arrange to send a deputation to the meeting, when the matter might belf ally discussed ?—The Chairman: We passed a resolution asking the Chamber to meet us. They ask us to appoint a deputation. I think three will be sufficient.— Mr. Battersby : It is -oecessary t ) have sufficient men to Se able to cope with men who can argue. On the last occasion on which they met the Chamber of Commerce, the deputation consis- ted of five members.—lt was decided that the deputotion consist of the Chairman and Messrs. !Plinston. Edwardson, Malkin, and Battersby.— Mr. Poleaore thought the Council should be I thoroughly prepared with the aims and objects they had in view in the matter of conciliation. He proposed that the five delegates meet the executive on some special occasion, and talk the matter over with them, so that they might be thoroughly equip- ped as to how they would approach the Chamber of Commer:e. Unless they were prepared wall a definite programme the deputation would be at sea. —The motion was seconded.—The Chairman : I have taken some trouble in the matter, and I shall have some information to lay before the executive meeting. It will be wise in the circumstances, to hold over that information. Mr. Horrocks thought the suggestion a wise one He would have seconded the proposition, but he did not know the meaning of the Conciliation Boar. or what the grounds were upon which they wished to be conciliatory to the Chamber. The decision of the deputation should be made known to the Trades Council before

the interview with the Chamber.—The Secretary replied that that would be done, as the Trades Council would meet again before the meeting of the Chamber was held.—Mr. Podmore's motion was carried.

St. Helens, Rainhill, and Prescot Tramway. On Monday morning the trial trip was run on the new section of the St. Helens anl district tram- ways, connecting the Thatto Heath end-with Rain- hilr and Prescot. It is expected that the extension lines will be open for traffic in about a fortnight. When this is done the electric cars will run direct from St Ht lens to Thatto Heath, and alongside the boundary walls of Rainbill Asylum to Rainhill, thence along the road past Whiqon Workhouse, and on to Prescot. where a junction has been effected with the present St Helens and Prescot lines. At stated distances along the route—the round journey from St Helens being some eight miles in length— passing places have been laid down for the service of cars running in the opposite direction. The new ei'ension will prove of great advantage to the residents along the line of route. - -

COMMMICIAL FAlLTlBBS.—According to ..I,Cmp's Mercan'ile Gszntte." the number of New Bankruptcy proceedi: Rs in England and Wales gaz-tted during the week ending December 9th, was 112. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 96. showing an increase of 16, being s net increase in 1930, to date, of 254.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLAiS MINIMAL ‘fATSES.—Advt

===== 0002601_19001214_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Second Division.

LITOFIF.NRD T. Ckl6lo-snuosT.—Latchford accomplished good performance at Cairo-etre it &two's by defeating last season's League winners 147 a majority of two games. This is the first time that Cairo-street see ,nd have been defeated in the last two seasons. Itesults : LaTCHPoRD 2:03. Wins. Draws.

CAIRO-STREET 2:413. Wing: _ W Potter P W Wilkinson H RichArdson II Kenwright J Albinsou P Johnson 8 llowbottom 0 C Turner 0

ST. LUKE'S V. GoLBORNE-STREKT.—PIayed at St. Luke's schoolroom on Monday. Resultei in a win for the viaitors by 13 games to one. S3ore : Wins. Wins

GOLBORNE,TR E ET. Draws.

BT. LUXE'S

A Rutter

.. G 'tickers 0 G Huxley T Bickers 0 li Clare W Bell T McHugh L liiiwsrds W Tynan 0 Duckwortn 0

===== 0002601_19001214_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTONISHING CURES

OF BRONCHITIS, COUG IS, AS MIA AND INFLUENZA BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is & new scientific remedy endorsed by medical men. Far superior to ordinary caugli mixtures or any of the emulsions. It eclipses all other remedies.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS.

Mr. JOSEPascort, 1, Joseph-terrace, Spivey-street. Groves, Hull, writes, June 14th, 1900 :—Dear Sirs.—l have great pleasure m recomm,mdirig Verio'R Ligntniag Cough Cure. It is a valuable medicine anti lam sure I cannot praise it too inuc'a, as 1118 dune tn!! a woader- ful lot of good. I have lye(:r. a great sufferer for the last four years from brnnohitis and asthma, and it has done for me what other medicines could not do. I an taking Veno's Seeed Tonic for kidney trouble; and it has done me a great deal of goo. Should any sufferer doubt tny word, he can write me. lam a retired N.E. Goods Guard.

INFLUENZA- AND INFLAMATION OF THE LUNGS

CURED.

Mrs: SMITH, 71, Linney-street, off Platt-lane, Wigan, writes .—Mv daughter came home from the mill with a severe attack of influenza. She wai very feverish and had pains in the chest. She hail suffered for nearly a week with a nasty hacking cough, and at night she could not sleep for coughing. I got a brittle of your Lightning Cough Care for her and it cured her com- pletely. She has never coughed since and is baok at her work again. ASK FOR VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE Don't be persuaded to tak., substitute or an in2ita tion. Price is. lid. and 2s 9d. Sold by Boots Ltd, Warrington; PeAke, Earlestown and Newton; Weston and C ) , Runcorn; Walbridge,St. Helens and all chemists.

WARRINGTON EQUALIZED —Dt4TRICT ORDER OF Damns FEARNHEAD LODGE. the third annual dinner of the above lodge took place at the Farmers' Arms, Padzate. About 40 members and friends (including the District Master C Bebbingcon, Deputy D M Ail -n, D C S Hough- ton, and P A Pooiey) sat down to an excellent repast pr - video) by the landlQrd,Mr Roberti.After dinner a "smok- er " was held, presided over by V G A Antrobus, when a varied selacti,ln of vocal and instrun-ntal music was presented by the members.Mr Roberrs contributed sever- al selections on the latest phonograph, and the results were loudly applauded. Songs were given by Messrs Ted Kgrnel, G W Rigbey, George Finch, and J Harrison Mr G Finch secorno.niF,d with hi, usual

===== 0002601_19001214_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
LAND PROBLEMS.

Paper by Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins. Land in its relations to English Social Life was the sutject of an excellent paper read by Mr W H J Jenkins 'before the members of the Warrington Literary and Philesophical Scciety on Monday evening. The Rev Morley Stevenson (president of the Society), in ceiling upore Mr Jeekins to read his paper said the subject was one ?rein he had no doubt would in his hand; be made very inte:eeting, though perhaps it did not appeal to ell of them in the way some subj cts might do. He did not know what their interest in laud might be. His own Was extremely small—(laughter)—and never likoly to be larger. Dealt with by Mr Jenkins he had no doubt the , Subject would invest itself with an interest which it did not perhaps practically bear for each one Of them at the preeerit moment. (Applause) Mr JENKINS very graphically portrayed the condition of the people of this country from the earliest times uatil the inception of the feudal system. He pointed ; out that side by side with the growth of the great mili- tary meendency, which exercised such a powerful ioflu- eine in the Councils of the nation, and contr )l over the occupancy of the land, the art of Agriculture had been ; making el w but steady proerese. This development, so heceesary for creating some regular method of providing a Constant source of subsistence' as a natural consr- 1. guenee, introduced and established the idea for a more Permanent property in the soil. The period, though it , ba3 irreverently been termed" the era of sealing wax and eheapskins," was not altogether a tad one for the tiller of the soil, the artisan, and the labourer. As the time went on, the land gradually, but surely. Passed into the hands of fewer owners, the position of the poorer classes and the peasantry becoming, worse in !ach succeeding generation, until we are t -Ad that " competitive rents and private ownership took the place of the old feudal system, and the landowners became 'emetically the masters of the country.'' The artisan and the labourer now held positions which, in com- Peeienn w,th their former lot, were little less than that 'of slaves. This might possibly be rather a strained view of the positiou. For many generations alter the feudal sestem had gained a firm held in this country there 'were many causes other than toe influence or the greed of ton govsrning claeses which tended to vest the land in cemparatively few hands. Commerce, though slowly growing, was not of sufficient importance to affect the Value of land. A reason is rather to be sougbt in the feet that, for generation after generation, the country Clad either been engaged in war with other countries or in the subduing of civil disaffections within her own borders—oftentimes in both at once. Proceeding to refer to the passing of the Settled Land Act he said the provisions of that Act had an important bearing on the land question. As the title of the Act states it was passed—" for facilitating tales, leases,and Other eiepositione of settled land, and for promoting the execution of hr3DlOVementS therein." The period was one in which land and law reform (the latter especially es affecting matters connected with the land) occupied h prominent place in the minds of legislators. It seems to be a point well worth consideration, whether the un- satisfactory position into which the land had clrifted,and the laws effecting it, were not occasioned by a fallaci- ous view of the landowners as to their rights of owner- Slip. There is a common, but erron-ous idea prevalent with regard to land. It is popularly assumed that the Proprietorship of land carries with it an absoute right of ownership, That this is not so every student of the question knows. It was largely due to a misconception of the true view of their position on the part of the landowners, which necessitated the passing of the teertled Lend Act of 1832. In fact, it was a measure paesed to save them from themselves. Many and varied are tho remedies suggested for a better adjus-ment of the land laws, and for bringing within the reach of every subject, easier methods of ac- quiring and enjoying land. There are in all probability none more drastic and comprehensive than those pro- peeled by the Lend Nationalization Society. The society advocates: 1, The taxation of and values ;2, the reform of the L -,nd Laws with the objet oft xten lir g the cte- tivation of the soil ; 3, tee right of public access to rivers, mountains, moors, and uncultivated land in general ; 4, an extension of the power of public bodies to acquire land for allotments, small holdings, town improvements, and other public purposes which may hereafter benefit the people; 5, the common riett (if every individual to rent a portion of the land ; 6, the acquisition of all mineral rights by the State ; 7, the abolition of private ownership,and the acquisition of the lan by the 5-ate ;8, compensation to dispossessed land- horde at 25 to 30 years' purchase of the net incomes ; 9, the reservatiou to the State of all future " unearned in- crements d of land values, and the allocation of the pro- fits from rents to the reduction of taxation. The society opposes : 1, all encroachments on rights of war, corn- merle, and roadside wastes, or footpaths ; 2, any measures tending to increase the number ot land- owners, or merely involving transfer of ownership. The Lecturer then reviewed the arguments in favour of this propaganda used by Mr W P Price-Heywood in "The Landless Man." Proceeding he said it would be itle to contend tbat there was in the land a possible e•eleeloernent which might prove a source of livelihood for thousands of earneet workers. Dealing with the (oration o; housing the poor. What is there, he asked, more painful to contemplate, than the badly-built Property, the squalid slums. the densely crowded courts atid tenement houses, with their unwholesome surround- Inge, which disgrace our cities and largo WWI:IS, and which are far more common in smaller country places ll.an the unobservant are aware of ? No thou4htful Inan can regard with other than painful feelings the aufferiegs of his poor fellow-creatures in this respect. The wretched housing of a large section of the toilers of this country has awakened the keenest sympathies of all sections of the ceminunity and of all political • rt'e7. It is a foremost queition of the day, demand- hie our deepest attention, and calling for the earliest Pcssible soaation. From what class was drawn " the thin red line" which has played so splendid a part in the history of our country? Who does not regard with f„''lings of pride the struggles in which our Army and -Navy have left FO glorious a record P There surely the Pcor man no less than the rich, has a heritage of which be may juNtly be proud. At the present moment is not the highest fseling of admiration evoked by the deeds of heroism urroap.ht by the rank and file of our forces in South Africa ? We know that, though it may not be ehe case with al!, yet too many of these men will return ti hcmes situated amid surroundings of squalor and vseetchedness which are a disgrace to the nation. What • indictment on this subject did the Rev J W Horslee- lay at the Newcastle meeting of the Cnurch Congress ! Us spoke from intimate knowledge of a congested dis- zrict in London. Of 4,575 cue-roomed houses in Spite:- rlolns. 1,400 were occupied by fram ten to eleven per- • ; inn one no less than seventeen persona occupied a °ingle room. Hie experience was that slum life stunted the groac th, that the stunted steal, that criminals and drunkards were made by over-crowded insanitary areas, and that bad landlords were largely responsible for --'airne. The ruffianly Hooliganism of which we read so much in the papers just now, whet is it but the natural outceme of such an environment ! To preach temper- e-tice, soberness, and chastity to dwellers in overcrowded and insanitary dens, without attempting to ameherate their condition, was, Mr Eloreley declared, more than 'futile ; It was an irreligious absurdity. turning to the remedies suggested, the lecturer dealt 10 detail with a scheme initiated by the C'-oPerarwd I:Vholesaie Society in the direction of co-operative agricul- eine and its success and referred to the increasing rise is, land values in and about large centres of popalation. Whereby landowners reaped enormous incomes in the form of ground or chief rents. It is urged, he said, by eotne that the rise in land values with no direct benefit aescruing to local taxation is now runt by the increase in d Path ciifjes,and that such contributions to the Imperial Exchequer fairly compensate for the loss which arises through the none taxation of land values. To the poor ea.ri thi?, argument offers hut little consolation ;i1 it be erne that these land values are not already taxed, and that if they were it would so greatly relieve local taxi- as te have an appreciable bearing upon the question f t'ae better housing of the poor and possibly lead to ~t 4 satisfactory solution, then, by all means, let them be taxed, A friend of his contended that land values are already taxed and that the present mode of assessment the poor rate amply provides the necessary machinery 17, .r the. incorporation. The overseers in preparing their asetten lists take into consideration the value of the • • riu or chief rents which may be reserved to the ;I,vener of tke land, and as that is the basis of all rating is held that the landed interests hear their full share ''of taxation. This is, however, a very debatable point.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
I tIII I I I I I ""111 I I I a

The care of the poor and the protection and encourage- merit of the industrious workers in the community are amongst the most important questions for the considera- tion of the social reformer and the statesman. A crisis in a country's history often comes as a blessing in dis- guise. It,cent events have showe that when the oc !a- Mon arises both our rich men and our poor men can pull together with a will, one motive in common prompting and sustaining them, one goal their sole aim, the welfare of the Fatherland. May the same spirit pervade the thoughts and actuate the will of every member of the cornmugity when the time comes for the consideration of these social and other questions, in which the interests of the rich and the poor may seem to clash. The CHAIRMAN complimented Mr Jenkins upon his excellent paper. He was glad to hear what had been said in dispelling the fallacy that the man who had a little ground would make his fortune right away. It was his (the Chairman's) duty to manage a small dairy farm in connection with the Training College. It was worked principally with the object of providing them with pure milk. They had plenty of that, but he should a extremely sorry to have toi live on the profits of the term. (Laughter). He should have liked some infer mation regarding the depopulation of the rural districts. Was that really so to any great extent, and were they all going to be herded together in the large towns? Then there was the question of aericultural produce. There was a startlingly large increase in the amount of dairy produce iteported into the country every year. It was suggested to afford help to the farmers by granting a subsidy, but that was a very difficult question to settle satisfac only. Councillor A J JOLLEY proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Jenkins for his paper. Referring to the question of the taxation of land values, he said it seemed to him, to speak quite frankly, that C orlyle's epithet " clotted nonsense" might be justly used concerning a good deal that was said and written about the taxing and rating of ground values. That land was already taxed there could be no doubt. Some people said that the owner ought to be rated and taxed, distinguishing between the owner and the occupier. Where the owner was the oc- cupier it was so. His (the speaker's) point was they were rated:on:the full:annual value of the land,and people who wrote books or made speeches in which they assumed that by some change in the system the total revenue of the community would be increased were simply talking nonsense. The housing problem was a great problem, but many people attached too much importance to it. There was often misunderstanding and the state cf affairs was exaggerated. Tne rev, gentle- men who spoke at the Church Congress came under that category. If it were true that there were BO many single rooms in London containing so large a number of people there was something wrong with the work of the sanitary authorities in the district. This was not BO much a question of the houses as, to some extent, of the people themselves. There were people of so degraded a type that there was little hope for the success of meesures ta ken to improve their dwell- ings. That was rather hard, but it was true: He did not for a moment suggest that improved environment would not effect improvement, but it would not achieve complete reform. Mr. MAY, in seconding the vote, said the difficulties in the way cot land reform were the dead man's hand and the lawyer's jargon. The remedy was to make land a marketable commodity like any other article. The vote was heartily carried. Mr. JENKINS, in returning thanks, expressed the opinion that lack of sympathy between the farmer and the labourer had ca.used some depletion in the rural population. There was, however, more sympathy grow- ing up between them, and that would teed to keep a better class of labourers more attached to the land. The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR ALMANACK ILLUS- TRATION.

The Proposed Technical School at Warrington.

In educational matters Warrington moves slowly. At a time when every neighbouring town bas erec- ted a handsome pile of buildings in which to house is technical instruction classes, Warrington is still considering a " scheme." It is true that events have now progressed so far that a plan of the pro- posed new technical school is obtainable, but a considerable period must elapse before we may con- gratulate ourselves upon having drawn into line with such near neighbours as St. Helens, Widnes and Runcorn in the accommodation made for techni- cal instruction. The classes already carried on by the fTechnical Instruction Committee are pro- vided with accommodation in a number of buildings in different parts of the town. The Science and Technical subjects for instance are accommodated at the Old Barracks, whilst the Commercial and Continuation classes are housed at the People's College. Then again, the plumbing class assembles at the Old Gas Works in Mersey- street; the classes in dressmaking and building con- struction are located at the Museum, and those in geometry and machine drawing at the School of Art. By means of a commix:icing Technical School building it is hoped to eventually draw all the classes to °tic centre. This will not be accomplished by the present scheme inasmuch as it is not pro- posed to find accommodation in the new building for the Commercial and Continuation classes. These will continue to be conducted at the People's College until such time as the committee is in a position to extend the new Technical School by the erection of further premises extending to Muse urn-street. Our illustration shows the front elevation of the proposed technical school.As will be seen it is sand- wiched between the Parr Hall on the one side and the Gymnasium on the other. The site is an admir- able one in many respects and the building will not only have a commanding frontage to Palmyra- square but its position at the foot of Springfield- street is such as to enable it to be seen from Sankey- , street. The building will be three storeys high and I will be built of pressed brick with stone dressings, and the style of architecture will be late English renaissance. Messrs William and Seger Owen are the architects and there is every reason to believe that the building will reflect credit upon them and be one which the people of Warrington can point to with pride. Ascending a flight of steps at the main entrance in Palmyra-Square the visitor will enter a wide corridar above the basement. The corridor will provide space for exhibiticri cases and convenience for hanging framed prints. In addition to the class- rooms for the students there will be an office, com- mittee room, students and reading rooms, store rooms and lavatories. The technical classes will divide themselves into three departments, namely, chemistry and physics department, mechanics and engineering department and the domestic depart- ment. The accommodation provided will be as follows :

CHEMISTRY AND paysics DEPARTMENT. übjecta now taught: Inorganic and Organic Chemistry, Iron and Bteel, Electricity, Theoretical Mechanics, Physiology. Hygiene.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSRD ACCOMODAT/ON

Chemint Lecture Theatte, to uccomodate 6) students.

Chemical Laboratory, with benches for 32, and space for 16 more. Demonstration Table, and usual accessories. Prep aration and apparatus room. Reagent Store. B alance Room. Two small rooms for special work (spectroscopic, water, or gas analysis. &c.) Physical Lecture Theatre to accomodate 40 stu- dents. Preparation acid apparatus room. Pilysical Laboratory. Biological Laboratory. MECHANICS & ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT.

Subjects now taught : Mathematics, Geometry, Machine Drawing, Building Construction, Applied Mechanics, Stearn.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSUMPTION THE RESULT OF

CARE LESSN ESS.

It is one of the greatest and most tragic pities in the world that nearly all cur failures and misfortunes— nearly all our unhappiness, and nearly all our ailments, are attributable to a want of care. " Doift care got hanged," is an old saying—and don't care as regards health, nearly always ends in a debilitated body and unsound lungs. A neglected cold may end in pneumonia or consumption, or permanent il!-bealth. Colds mu,t not bt. neglec:ed—it is folly—it is wicked—it is fatal to ignore them. One's own health,and that of one's family may pay the forfeit. Colds are infectious—hfluenzt is infectious—consumption is infectious,too, and consump- tion nearly always follows in the train of a neglected cold.

If any read rr of this paper suffers from a c,ugh or cold ia the head or throat, or chest, let him at ,vrice send for some Lavan's Lung Linctus. It may be had at any good Chemist's, Drug stores, or Co-op., and is generally recognised as one of the world's finest remedies for throat and chest affections.

Levan e Lung Linctue may be bad at all chemiets,Co- op.'s, and Drug Sti,rei, ard poet free, Is li. 2i 91 and ffd from Green and Co, Cnemiste, Bolton.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
.-..4,-_._. THE Y.M.C.A BAZAAR.

Saturday's Opening Proceedings. The Gtisha Bazaar in aid of the funds ol the Young Men's Christian associatioe, was brought to a close on Saturday evening. The opening ceremony was per- formed in the afternoon by Lady Brook', of Norton Priory. The Mayor (Alderman Roberts) presided, and in addition to several ladies, there were present on the platform :—The Revs J Yonge, J Davies, and T Bishop, and Messrs J Charlton Parr, John Fairclou,eh, J Horton, and S B Stringer. The MAYOR said the duty which bad been allotted t 3 him was not only a very easy one, but a most pleasant one. It was to offer on their behalf, and on behalf of the people of Warrington generally, a most cordial wel- come to Lady Brooke for her presence among them. It was ertremely pleasant to see her ladyship among them at any time, but on an occasion like this, when the object of her visit was to do some permanent good to an institution which had so much claim upon them all, it added to its value and their pleasure in receivinee it. Re did not know that he need say anything in regard to the goad work of the institution in whose support they were met. Young Men's Christian Assoceations in various parts of the couetry had become for many years past a recognized fact, and their needs and claims ban become more and more establi:hed among them every year. He was sorry that the weather and probably the extraordinary claims of the past year had to some extent militated against the success of the bazaar isp to the present, hut there were two mottoes on the top of the page of the day's programme which might tee taken to heart, and if acted upon in a practical manner the re- sult of that day would make up in a great measure for the only partial success of the two previous days. The The first was " Great business must be done this day." It was an instruction which if earnestly and honestly carried out would result well. The other was" Do all that you know and all that you don't"—he did not com- prehend the meaning of the latter part of the sentence; the audience most attach their own construction to it —(laushier)—" no chance must he wasted to-day.' (Applause.) in asking Lady Brooke to open the bazaar he expressed the hope that this would not be the last occasion upon which she would similarly honour the town with a visit. (Applause.) Lady Bacioise said the objects of tbe Young Men's Christian Association must appeal to everyone, and more especially to those who had sons of their own, who in time would have to go out into the world and fight Its difficnities and temptations. Any attempt at work in the direction of training the young must have their sincere support as Englishmen and Englishwomen, for it was upon them that the future of the country rested. (Hear, hear.) She knew that a great re%ny claims had been made upon them during the last _veer, eotn on their purses and sympathy, but she was quite sure that because of having respond, d to them they would not neglect institutions so worthy of their support as this one. (Applause) The crisis through which the country had passed called for renewed efforts on their part, and while recognizing with admiration the splendid services of their men in the field, their magnificent courage, endurance and forbearance under the greatest provocation, they must not forget those lett at home, who, with equal oppertunitv would, no doubt, have done quite as well as those abroad. (Rear, hear.) Se had much pleasure in declaring the bazaar open and wished it the success it deserved. (Applause.) Miss Bessie Dterross in proposing a vote of thanks to Lady Brooke said she was a nearer ceighbour of hers than of many of them, and she ,very ott m saw, heard and knew of her kindly, gracious, helpful work. She came in contact with it personally sometim sat the Runcorn Workhouse, and could testify to her ladyship's ready hireiliness in every good thing in which she could assist. Only the previous dakeshe was engaged in a similar work in the old parish close to her own gates. Mr James HORTON, as one of the originators of the Y.M.C.A., and a member of the present committee seconded the vote of thanks.

Ths, motion was heartily clrried. On the motion of Mr J "C PARR, Seconded by Mr H PIGOT, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Mayor for presiding.

TOTAL PROCEEDS. The total ntreeeds of the bazaa7 amounted approxi- mately to £350.

A Narrow Escape.—Scene at the Central Station.

An exciting scene was witnessed at the Central Station on :lionday evening. The 5.50 express train for Liverpool was leaving the station when a man attempted to get into one of the carriages. He was unsuccessful and fell between the carriage and the platform and was dragged a short distance. One of the railway officials who was close at band saw the accident, and with no little difii,ulty extricated him from his dangerous position.

WAGON COVERS

MADR FROM

BEST FLAX CANVAS KErT IN .1'( CK

Fr. long Fr, wide. s. d. 8 by 6 ... 0 9 0 9 19 6 ... „.. • 010 0 EP/ „ ••• ••• ••• ••• 013 6 12 8 018 0

13i ~ _9 1 2 6

_ 15 „ 10 ... 8 0 16. Z• „ 11 113 9 18- „ 12 • 2 0 0 18 „ 14 ... • 2 6 9 19 „ 14 210 6 21 „ 14 ... 2146 21 „ 15 • 218 6 !ncluding Tabs, Eyelet Holes, Ropes, Lettering, &c. OTHIGIL SIZEiS MAIM TO OHL/Litt. CARRIAGE PAID.

35, REDCROSS STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Telephone 2339. Eshblished 1819.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
idA ANSIC= ' ts .-1,7 • —7— - _

!

===== 0002601_19001214_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
~ ' - a ----- ''','------17.7.- : .7- icej -__7_,-- re-e-7-,------, . _ .._...

P.'. ri,y, ', ' , ,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Tit,' `,'-' • :'t: 1 ).:.: . _

4

===== 0002601_19001214_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
:t 4 I,y 4 . 4 -

4stl

6, 0111aSKIRK-STREE C, ST. HELENS.

:

===== 0002601_19001214_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe enallitner " Derits

THE •• WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." pub,ished every Saturday morning. T" " EARLRSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. THE .. WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE BOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

nornesitt Ambanis. etc. WANTED at once GE NERA.L,aIeo Kitchen Maid.—Apply MRS GRIFYITH, Manor Hoase,liale, near Liverpool.

WANTED Good GENERAL.-2, BontlowDaLE-RoAD, Smithdown-road, Liverpool. WANTED, COOK-GENERALS. HOUSEMAIDS; good wages; best plsees.—TEEs.Y's REGisTRY. Arcade, Chorley.

(IBNERAL at liberty 17 months reference, cook and wash; Wong and willing Miss JcNES, 4 Bank street War- Yington.

aOOD PLA.OES Waiting for SERVANTS of all kind., at BORLAND'S BEGDITRIt, 148, Liverpool-road Patricroft, Manchester.

ANTBD, COOKS, Housemalis. Waitress, Kitchen- maids, Generals,— Mrs. LOTT, 25, Church-road, Wool- ton, near Liverpool.

WANTED, respectable GIRL; good worker, with good, references.—WoßxmEx's DINING lioo3l, 23, Waterloo- road, Liverpool.

WANTED GRNERAL for one Lady, an washing, take all other duties; £l6; good refetences Miss Joss, 4 Bank Street Warrington.

MTANTBD,good GENERAL ; three in family. good wages —Apply alter 5, 18,BniinutTow-avExtE, Woolton-road, Wavertree.

WANTED GENERAL able to cook; small family TV private; age about 20.—Mrs BABERTON, 63, Warley road, Blackpool.

WANTED. Good GHNERAL SERVANT. Wages ss. to 6s. per week. —Apply POWERS. 65, Market-street, West- houghton, near Wigan.

VV for 000 D GIINEIIAL aged 18 to 23; good home for reqieetable girl. —Apply 13, CHURCH-BoAD. fietteombe, Cheshire. WANTED immediate'y Superior MINERALfamily of Two, no washing; wages £2o.—Apply Miss HUDSON 19 Irlam Street, Warrington

WANTED capable GIRL as general ; goad wages to suit- able girl.—Apply, 20, HARTINCITON-ROAD, Charlton- turn-Hardy, Manchebter. WANTED Experienced GENEHAL, for small family; Rood plain cook; for December 26th.—Apply BILIS 011A1sLoN, West Thorpe. Bowdon.

WANTED, GENERAL, SERVANT at once, for lady and gentleman; no washing; Protestant.—Apply, 42, GARDNER-RoAD, Prestwich. near Manchester.

WANTED, GENIMAIS and GIRLS for Manchester ;beat places ; excellent wages ' • letters answered. —Bliss HAREISoN, 6, Oldham-street, Manchester.

AA/ ANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRHSS for country. at 1 7 once ; age about 20.—Apply witk, references to Mrs. CLARKE. Harwood Lodge, near Bolton.

---- WANTRD immediately WAITRIBS, excedent situation near Warringtoa ; wage 3 £20.--apply Miss Rumor: Registry, 19 learn street Warrington

WANTED Good GEMERAL. After Chrl,tnaas, able to do plain cooking, no oMai,ie work, another kept, refer- ences.—Address by letter, Bnoext,Alios FARM, Sale.

ANTED, COOKS, Housemaids, House Waitress, VV Nurses, Young Girls, Useful Helps ; good wages : fares paid.—BOTTOMLEY'S REGISTRY, Morley-street, Braatord; Yorkshire.

WANTED Immediately, competent NUftSl3-HOUSS- MAID ; ano her Servant kept ; wages commence £l6. Comfortable home.—Write Mrs SUTCLI7FE, The Vital-age, btalybridge.

NI-IST/IESBES wanting SERVANTS and SERVANTS 1 with satisfactory references wanting SITUATIONS appiy Mrs. PRESTON. Progressive Registry, 14, Bold-place. Liverpool ; or 44. Charler-street, Blackpool. Enclose stamp.

WANTED, bEEVANTS, for good Situltions ; Cooks, Waitresses. Housemaids, Generals, &c. No charge 'until engaged; lei ters answered ; stamp for reply.—WlLsoles EXGa CLASS bEnv.tras' AGENCY, 478, Park-rcad, Dingle, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
anttb.

WANTED. A DAIRY of well cooled MILK. about seven dozens dallv.—THomes HAYMAN, Eccles.

LittliNCH POLI6I-iIiItS.—WANTBD two first-clasa RN' (non-aociety).—ASllrON LHACEI & C UMBERBIRCH, Roch- dale.

-IvANTED, experieueed FEMALE comPoszrons • Must be over 18. Good wagcs.—Apply " EXAMINEIi ()thee. Warrington.

_ IVANTED IN ST. HRIAINS A SHOWROOM, with !Air r.coommoclAtlon for workshops sul•able for Angin6er's. Apply No B 37, Ex iMINER OFFICE, t Helene.

WASTII RUBBER bought; any description; prompt cash; empty to.g3 supplied.—W. CHEETHAM, 118, nelson-street, Hyde, Cheshire.

WANT BD An Energetic 140,1k1 for Pearl Assurance Society £4 lOs Book to commence witti. Apply, 22., HATDOCX-STREILT, BABLESTOWN.

\VAR MEDALS WANTED. dated 1348. or earlier. £2 piven ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Firket Atbara Masbona, Matabele, Ac.— MAJok Tosi2B, Droitwich.

BoDOLTON ROAD, British School. Wanted Certificated Assistant MASTIR. Salary from RBo,aceording to quail- tications.—Apply Rev T. AliME:±, Bolton-road, Darwen.

()LI) GOLD. SILVIGH and FUHNITURM BOUGHT to any amount or exchanged ; cash advanced to any amount on Furniture stored In any ropo3ltoly. OSWALD, Pawn- broker, 255, Stockvint-road, Manchester.

QANITARY INSPECTORSHIPS salaries £lOO to £250. 0 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing lor Liv,rp9ol and Bradiord exams. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 200 successful condi dates, ladies eligible —apply iII,BERT M USIIENS, Sanitary Science, Teacher. Sunderlaud, Name paper.

Eottitt.

PENKETH.—Cottages 43 Gcl., 3s. 9d. and 23. Bd. per week. BANK BTREET orrieß, £5 room. 25, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d. 6, WELLINGTON JTEttilia, rent ss. Apply ROBERT LowE, Estlte Agent, No. 1 Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

r 110 LHT good HOLISH hi Derby-street, rent 48 6d.—Apply J_ Wnons and SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

'l,O LE-P.—LARGE it00:41, Orford-street ; rent £2J.— Apply Woons ez SOW, Solicitors, liorsemarket-street, Warrington.

pREMISKS suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-3treet.— Apply Woons & Sox, Solicitors, Iforsemarket-street, werrLgton.

rip() LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street ; 3 bedrooms. - Apply WoODS AND boll, Solicitors, liorsernar:iet.btreet, Witrrituton.

1110 Lll, STABLE, and COACH-1101161i, with lofts ove large yard attached off Tanneri-lane.--Apply Woops and Sort, Solicitors, 55, Horsernarket-street, Warrington.

DoNT COUGH-USE

DON'T COUGH-USE

DON'T COUGH-USE

There is absolutely no remedy eo speedy and effectual One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

KEATING'S COLCai LOZENGES,

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughlw,', one Keating' Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are

UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. T UTT ERLY UNRIVALLED. U TTERL UNRIVALLED. 831 d everywhere in tins 131 d, each or free on receipt of .tamps, from THODIAIi KIiAILNG. chemist, London.

PLOCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGII The celebrated effectual HOOPIN COUGH cure without znternal G medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists prices 43. per bottle. So I e HOOPING COUGH W holesale Ag e LI; , _DROISCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, UROUP London. RDUI.IE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION,

Also at BRIDGE-STREET, KUNCORN,

20, ALBERT-ROAD, WIDNES,

Every Description of

LETTERPRE26 AND LITHOGRAPHIC

PRINTING EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREEr, WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, OR AS MAY BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT SURETIES. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CIIARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has alway s conducted his business under HIS OWN NAME. He has cousisteritty endeavoured to act in a fair and 6traightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPP.MIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, Terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on App:ication either pert.onally or ty letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS lti, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

JOHN la/V ALE:ER AD CO.,

FUJI ALL KINDS OF I 'RINTING, BOOKBINDING,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ottt,llygrogc, oarutng Oztabs.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
otorks, Zusm:sscs.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Cntolaintai.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
florsts, (6arriagto. Str.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
mAIL CART. very little used; cost Ns take l'.9s 6d.-78. KN IJ TSFORD-ROA D. Latchford.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
goattOop Jrwae Ertatp.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
GOULDING'S CHILDREN'S COUGH MIXTURE.

Children's Medicines should be carefully chosen from simple and effective remedies which have stood the test of time. They too often contain poison in some degree, as is evidenced by the inquests which are frequently held in different parts of the country Some Cough Remedies especially offend in this respect, as they generally contain a preparation of opium, such as Laudanum, Morphia, or Paregoric. Yet there is one, GOULDING'S CHILDREN'S COUGH MIXTURE, made by Francis Goulding. the proprietor of the celebrated " Cooling and Teething Powders," which have proved cf such great benefit for children cutting their teeth. This preparation is made specially for young children. It is an excellent remedy for the irritable cough to which children are liable. It acts splendidly also for Colds, Bronchitis, Feverishness, Difficulty of Breathing. Whooping Cough, Croup, &c. It is perfectly safe and is free from Poison.

Sold in Bottles at Bad. and Is. lid. each.

TO BE OBTAINED FROM BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

At the Reduced Prices of 7d. and 91d. 35, BR IDGE-STRENT, }WA-BRIM:11'0N. 6, BRIDUE-STREET

===== 0002601_19001214_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14 1900

Obaratten.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*att-upZatrion*

===== 0002601_19001214_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A ROYAL VIKTOR

===== 0002601_19001214_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
TO THE LIVERPOOL

COMPTON HOUSE.

LAST GREAT CELEBRATION OF CHRISTMAS IN THE NINETEENTH k.,ENTURY.

CONTINUOUS FESTIVITIES FROM MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, TILL XMAS EYE.

THE QUEEN'S GRACIOUS RECEPTION

FATHER CHRISTMAS AND SUITE.

HER MAJESTY, ENRAPTURED By a Personal Audience of Father Christmas and his Merry Company, . THE SPLENDOURS OF lIIE GROTTO, AND THE

COAIPTON HOUSE, FANCY FAIR AND YULE-TIDE nARKET. Makes PRODIGIOUS PURCHASES of Christmas Cards and Novelties tor Presents to the Aristocracy of Her Realm; Toys, Dolls, Picture Books, Story Books, Gained, Santa Claus Stockings, Confections and articles innumerable to delight the young; and large quantities of Useful tioods to comiort and make glad the poor during the Joyous Christmas thtl3oll.

FLYING VI SIT OF QUEEN ASTARTE !! WITH HER cOURIER, THE MAN- FROM-THE-MOON.

GREAT EXCITEMENT THROUGHOUT NORFH BRITAIN.

THE COMPTON HOUSE, LIVERPOOL, GRAND FANCY FAIR, ,TOY MARKET, AND BAZAAR- FOR THE LAST CHRISTMAS OF THE CENTURY. OPEN FROM

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 24.

£20,000 WOR rEt

FANCY ARTICLES AND USEFUL GOODS.

SPECIALLY PURCHASED FOR THE FINAL CHRISTMAS OF THE

PASSING CEMURY.

T4OUSANDS OF NOVELTIES

SUITABLE FOR PRESENTATION ETC.

AN ICNDLICSS SNLECTION OF OARIST VAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS, Artistic Calendars, and Picture and Story Books ;or Children, by Vie best publishers ; Presentation Volumes for Young People; Fancy Stationery; Toys, Dods. Games, etc., in im- mense numbers ; Leather Goods and Travelling Re- quirements of every kind ; Clocks, Bronzes, and Ornaments of British and Foreign Manuta.?.ture, in innumerable styles ; Perfumery, Fancy and Useful Accessories to the 'loilet ; Fancy Smallwares, Jewel- lery, Trinkets and Trifles, for personal or household use, beyond description.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
HUGE DELIVERIES OF ri k_)IIOICE GOODS.

For Wear and Use in Winter, and for Charitable Gifts.

TO MEET THE DlialakNOS OM THE FESTIVE SEASON, immense numbers of Stylish Garments have been received for the wear,of la lies. gentlemen, gir.s and boys of all ages.'these comprise the latest productions in Millinery. Mantles, Underwear, of every kind, Blouses, Woves, Hosiery, Boots and Shoes for all occasions, Clothing for boys, youths, and gentlemen; Handkercniefs. Umbrellas,and Small Articles too numerous to mention. Alto vast quan- tities of warm Bed Clothing, Flannels, silks, Dress Goods. Ribbons, and Fancy Drapery Goods; Laces and Embroideries ; Trimmings for Dresses, Mantles, Blouses, and Millinery, etc., etc,

AN INCOMPARABLE STOCK OF SUPERIOR GOODS

For Household Use arid Decoration. BEAUTIFUL ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS.

without end; the finest Cutlery ; Cooking, Kitchen. and Domestic Machinery and Appliances of all sorts; Beautiful China, Pottery and Glass. from the simplest to the most highly decorative styles ; Carpets, Furnishing DrApings in all textures ; thou. sands ot pieces of Fancy Furniture; Table Damasks, Household Linens, and Drapery Goods of every class. CEIRISIIIAS FARE.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
OF THE CHOICEST BRANDS AND FINEST

QUALI 11E8.

THE FINEST GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS procurable, comprising Coffees and Teas of fAvourite blends ; Bacon, Hams, Cheeses, Butters, Canned and Bottled Meats and Fruits, of the best brands ; Jame and Preserves ; Dried Fruits auct Nuts ; Plum Pudd- ings. Biscuits, Confectionery, and Sweets, among which is an endless choice of santa-Claus Stockings and other goods.

And thousands of other Items which cannot be mentioned in this space, suited to the requirements of the Festive deason and Wiater use.

For full particulars of the Compton House, Liver. pool, Fancy Fair and

THE QUEEN'S VISIT.

See the Christmas Catalogue, Free on application, DAILY RECEPTIONS

111 THE

ENCHANTED GROTTO.

"THE MOST WONDERFUL THING ON ESRTEI !" said the Queen of the Air, referring to THE MONSTRE GROTTO PARCEL., _ .

For which there is ABSOLUTELY NO CHARGE.

ENTRANCE TO THE FANCY FAIR, FREE.

ENTRANCE TO THE GROTTO, AND INTERVIEW Min THE DISTINGUISHED VISITORS, SIXPENCE.

OPENING DAY. DECEMBER 10T.

THE SEASON'S GREEIINGS FRONI THE QUEEN OF LUNA, FATHER CEIRISTNIAS, AND W. 11. WATTS .AND CO., LTD.,

COMPTON HOUSE,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LIVERPOOL.

•

===== 0002601_19001214_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEIL

DECEMBER 14TH 1900.

The House of Commons has not expressed its disapproval of either the family.espect of the Government or of the connec- tion of members of the Administration with com- panies directly and indirectly concerned in Government contracts. But this reluctance to censureis not the end of the matter, and the com- ments of respectable journals are worth a little consideration. The .Standard is always independ- ent in it&comments. on public affairs, and it re-

- Family 'Politics.

marked on the two, debates: "To put the matter briefly in both cases, we could have wished that Lord SALISBURY had been able to obtain more talent outside the family circle, and that Mr. CHAMBERLikaN held no shares in any public com- pany to which Government contracts were given." Ehe Morniv _Poe passed over the amendment about the family aspect of the Govern- ment, but it said.: "We agree with the spirit of the (contract) amendment, so far as it aims at re- affirming the probity of British public life," though protdsting against the use of it as "an engine to injure MT. CHAMBERLAIN." The Times, without committing itself to any judgment on the conwosition of the Government beyond declar- ing that Mr. GERALD ,1341/FOUR " was certainly not zo conspicuous a success at the Irish Office thatkle had any specialclaim to be promoted into the t.Cliabinet as President of the Board of Tradn;" suggested that a Prime Minister is not " necaocarily above the influes.ce of personal pre- possession, or even Qf family feeling." A Prime Ministe7, we were also informed, is not" necess-

arily stac.:nger in the Cabinet because there are ,aeveraf =embers of it who are closely connected with himby birth or &Mance." We turn to the

World which cannot be sregarded as biassed in ;favour of any Liberal Iriew of aftairs, and we find .it stated "The feeling of dissatisfaction is very great" about the family appointments. The ,Frinciple f family selem.'-ion is condemned. "It introduces .2sa element of insecurity into public life. The surviving members of the Ministry must feel that their sitcation is precarious, and 'that each holds his office only until Lard.SALEURY wants it for nome'aody The question they must be askißg each othw is Whoseturn will it be next? There,are, we believe, in the House of Commons two members of tile Cecil family as yet officially ;unprovided for." Yhese comments are signifi- cant botause they glew that general attention is 6eing directed againa the composition of the Government, and they justify the remark that, if the Ministry had Lleen reconstructed before instead of after the General Election the electors wcald have bon disposed to be Less

ready to snpport.it. flge Daily Telegraph had no comments on the zontstitution of the Government, end on the contract amendment it declared that it would be monstrous to contend that no Minister should be directly or indirectly concerned "with a.ny commercial money-mating business." The amendment did nob make any such restriction, by the way, as it was limited to contracting firms. But the Telegraph contention was that "a man of honour must be left in this, as in every other instance, to be the keeper of his own conscience." Mr. GERALD BALFOUR and Lord SELBORNE have .s)hee acceptance of office,withdrawn from director-

===== 0002601_19001214_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
DELICIOUS MAZA.WA.TTER TEA DELICIOUS MAZ,I.WA.TTIiai TIM DELICIOUS MAZIWATTELI TEA. SOLE AG NIS : IiENUY MILLING AND CO.. LID. WIIOLEbALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., b, HoItSEMIRXET-BTiO4ET, W.IItRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
, - -------- -"-0-•' , • _. , : , ) . ..--... ~.v.,_,:-._.,,,t.; . ~.\, 7.,..,. ~. , \ '4, ' -'-',.„.•,?-fr,A•vt.iii—N4l,;.,„."l.:',..i. --;‘,.:',;f„..;,,.-1 s."-'..;:i, t",•'.N..._ \---___„..';`,,- :I,„_, . „i„.',-':--..1`--------Yi l'.i.''' 7.,*. ...-.--..T.7:7--,Nekl, ,„ . •• • •,.,,':-.",,,,,77., - '-. ', ';-: : ~ , N.,,•;,_1'..,.4.,14 'i' ;--,., .; if -44L1-;-1 '' .-..; - ',': ',--•-'l. , . ' •e. ' 12''': '' ''''''',:,''''.. 4.' ;,...,-,-L ' .-s, ‘.*",-.1 . ."- ~- .---.•••• -'.' . "- . . _ - 4.-.4A .-....''..'•..;,__ ',. :I * , ' ',' Z; ',..,-.:"' . - '•, •' t '". , "' ~-:'. • . ... . _ . _

WNTI.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ships in public companies, either in obedience to a sense of high personal honour or under the inspira- tion of the general controversy which has been raging. The Daily Mail another journd not friendly to Liberal views, remarked that our "destinies can be, and are, controlled by a single family. If some are disposed to grumble at this let it be understood that this is the way in which the Empire is governed." As to Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN, the admission was made that "he was un- wise in failing to follow himself the rule which he had laid down," and that "a more careful Minister would have avoided even so slight a cause of offence." These quotations will suffice to shew that the questions raised are not of so light and party a character as to be dismissed with con- tempt. Mr. BARTLEY, who attacked the corn- position of the Government, is not a Liberal, but a life-long Conservative, who was once a Con- servative organiser. The contract amendment* represents the quickened view of official life which finds increasing favour with all classes, and in spirit must be accepted as sound, apart from the personal matter with which it was almost neces- sarily connected.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
UNNECESSARY fuss is I The -Commander-in- being made about the Chief. conditions under which the new COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF has accepted office. It was hoped, and it was announced, that he had insisted upon receiving the powers which had been exercised by the Duke of CAMBRIDGE, and that he had procured the abolition of the fbmous Minute of E. 895; by which the COMMANDBR-IN-CEEIEF holds office for five years, and shares much of his power with the Minister for War and the National Defence Committee. It is now discovered that no change has been mayle, and there is unreasonable disappointment in consequence, especially amongst persons who are not at the trouble to understand the position. The reforms carried it in 1895 were recommended by a Commission which investi- gated the whole subject, under the presi- dency of the Duke of DEVONSHIRE, then the Marquis of HARTINGTON, after whose then title the Commission was named, and is still referred to. The Commission advanced Ireasons for the change which are as valid now as they were then. A wore efficient Parliamentary control of the army was desired. But this is now being represented as a reduction of the powers of the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF, not only in adminis- trative matters, but in pronosing:ehanges in our military system. There may have been some re- strictions in the former case, but in the latter the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF is in as good a position as he was before, even if he be not in a better posi- tion. The autocracy has vanished; but it was never satisfactory, and it would not :accomplish anything the country desires, ,st the present moment, if it were wholly restored. The discipline land care of the British Army is shaped between two officials—the COMMANDER-IN.CHIEF and the SECRETARY for War. The former is mainly re- sponsible, and the latter can now consult the COM-. MANDER-IN-CHIEF directly, and correct his know- ledge by consultation with the heads, of special offices. He could not do this before, and so it is said that the military head of the army is in a de- graded position. This is a ridiculous account of what takes place at the War Office, because the same thing occurs at the other offices as between the Premier and their respective heads. As to the reorganisation of the army, the situation would not be improved by restoring the position before 2E95. When re- forms were wanted at that time the Duke of CAM- BRIDGE could do nothing requiring legislation without the Minister for War and Parliament. Lord ROBERTS will be in exactly the same position. The free hand desired for him in administration he will have; he, cannot have it in large reforms, and it is undesirable he should have it. The re- presentatives of the country have to sanction what ,he proposes, or otherwise the army would become a real.imperium n imperio, and we might as well hand it back to the Crown and forego the resulta of the two Revolutions which have brought about Parliamentary .as distinct from Rayal control. When Lord 111:)ThERTS has thought out :a new scheme of reform he will have to discuss it with the Government and not with Mr. :BRODRICK alone, and Parliament will have to sanction it. Confidence in Lord ROBERTS should warrant the belief that what he deems best will be sanctioned and accepted. He will have a better and not a worse chance of getting his scheme passed than if he were wielding the powers exercised by the Duke of CAMBRIDGE. Difficulties may occur with the Treasury,but it is for the country to overcome them and not for Lord ROBERTS to override them. Accordingly, the idle chatter about a return to the atatusguo ante 1895 being essential to wig) army reform is simple nonsense.

The new Duchess of Manchester has explained to a newspaper reporter how happy the Duke and herself are in their marriage state, and how indifferent they are to worldly considerations. The two facts which she seems to have been at most pains tdmake dear are that the Duke married, her, a Chicago millionaire's daughter, with a frank indifference to money, and that she herself has something of a •contempt for titles, and could not help it that the object of her affection was hidden under strawberry leaves. It was an odd coincidence certainly, that two people with such a disregard for the advantages of pedigree and wealth should happen to fail in love with each other, and by uniting in marriage give each other the social benefits of both qualifications. Mathematicians would put the chances of such a casual meeting of two pairs of eyes—the one from Chicago and the other from a ducal seat—as somewhat remote, unless they were looking for each other; and that we know was not the case in :this instance. In Vienna and in other parts of Austria, as in North Germany, would-be wooers do not all put a pre- carious trust in coincidences. If a young man, for instance, is clever, and has a good prospect of -making a mark in his profession if he can strengthen his education and start with good social advantages,he informs the feminine world so under cover of a newspaper offer of marriage. The offer must be absolutely honourable; his antecedents must bear investigation—there are far f 3wer marriage frauds abroad proportionately than in England; and then, if the two people seem to have. sympathies in common, a satisfactory marriageis arranged. They act in these cases on the principle that marriage for money is base and revolting, but marriage without it, under some conditions, means a sacrifice of a career—indeed, a wrong done to humanity.

The definite retirement of Mr Edward Lloyd from the concert platform is an event which de- mands more than passing notice. We may have hAd tenors more richly gifted by nature than Mr. Lloyd, or singers who by their brilliant perfor- mances in opera have dyed their reputation in all the hues of romance; but there has been none who has more worthily upheld the classic dignity of English music, or has left behind him a cleaner record of devotion to his art. Mr Lloyd's career has thatmote of austerity which Matthew Arnold declares eakkential to the cultivation of all great art, The most tempting offers were declined if they eentlivted in any way with the strenuous per-

===== 0002601_19001214_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19001214_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX &MINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900

vice to the classic ideal he had set before him. He might have distinguished himself as the first Eng- lish tenor to sing in " Tanhanser " but a most lucrative engagement was refused through his de- termination not to go upon the stage. In fact, it is said that he has only once sung in costume, at a private house in Hampstead, when he appeared in an operetta of Mendelesolm's. It was in oratorio that he made his mark, and an oratorio soloist ha has remained to this day,holding inithat sphere un- questioned pre-emineuce for nearly thirty years. While on the ballad concert platform he may have rivals ; in the great roles of oratorio he has none. He leaves his professional careei. in excellent voice, and even at 55 years of age might have along period of popularity before him it he chose; but he has determined, and we must think wisely, not to run the risk of lagging superfluous on the stage It is the wise decision of a great artist that there shall be no mean anti-climax in his life-work, and in his retirement to his country estate he will be followed by the good wishes of thousands.

Birds of the air even, according to "Sussex Rector," canlbe satirical at the expanse of our rail- way proprietors, since this is how they have come to regard the gaols on the lines, in his part of the country, as a kind of special providence arranged for their accammJdation. A truck of coal ordered by a gentleman who resides in the neighbourhood of Hastings was so long on the road that when at last it arrived it was found that some of the feathered tribe had built a nest among the coal, in which eggs had been duly laid aun hatched, and the young birds had got away sately.

The Christmas outlook in a certain direction is not too reassuring to the provincial hanie wife. • In addition to the dearth and consequent dear- ness of currants, which will eff set the cost of the Christmas plum pudding, the toothsome mincepie, and all varieties of cakes, it is reported that the dessert table is threatened in a way compared with which calamity, the war would be a trial. Table fruit is plentiful, but there is ona other exception, and that is nucs Tne almonds which from time immemorial have been affianced to the raisins, the popular walnut, the C,181; iron husked Brazil, and the familiar black Spanish have all yielded poorly this season, and will ba found dearer than for many years past. Let us hope that the cheapness of other fruits will make adequate amends.

Warrington is a benighted old town. yet, and the distance it lags behind in the application of modern inventions and appliances to the Fublic convenience is to some extent indicated by an incident which occurred one day this week. The fact that we are dependent on such an antiquated mode of progression as the two-horse 'bus service is in itself evidence of our backwardness, but the incident in this connection here related makes poignant the sufferings we endure. A passenger from Latchford "caught" the omnibils at the terminus and sat down expecting an early and expeditious departure. Ten minutes of silent meditation elapsed and then the diminutive conductor was interrogated. "What time do you start?" queried the pass- enger.—" A quarter past" was the reply— " But the 11.17 train has just gone !—" Oh! we don't go by train time. We have our own time.' (More meditation) and then—" Where is the driver?"—"Avin 'is 'air cut."—Amazed collapse of the questioner. Half-past the hour arrived, and with it the next 'bus, the driver of which calmly transferred himself to the waiting vehicle and drove off, the missing driver being, presumably, still in the hands of the village barber. And we the inhabitants of the County Borough of War-o ringtou, at the dawn of the 20th century endure this! Patience is a virtue. .

It is an ill wind still that blows no good to any- one. Newspapers and other similar merliu:ns are just now being benefited by the pnsoned beer scare, since ithose advertise now who never advertised before, and those who advertised now advertise tht, mole. Mr Ciare Sewell Read, and Sir Cuthbert Quilter, two " doctors" in the sense of Pope's well- known adage, appear determined to make the most of the alarm which has seized the public mind, in order to promote the cause of purer beer. The name of the former has for many years been before the public as that of an eminent actriculturist, and afermer M.P., who supported Sir Cuthbert Q 'liter's fare Beer Bill on a committee appointed to inquire into its merits and the possibility, if approved, of carrying it. It is believed in soo3e quarters that if it-could be brought before Parliament now, it would thave a particularly good chance of getting to the statute book. It was one of Sir Cuthbert's objects to cause it to be eoacte i that beer should be obtainable with a certificate of purity and freedom from injurious ingredients, and, incidentally, that it should be brewed from malt and hops only. In other words the demand was, and is still raised, that beer should be beer and not something else called by that name. It is somewhat of a satire upon the safeguards of our boasted civilisation that chemists and others are under heavily penalised restrictions as to the sale of poisons, whereas beer which is a common drink of the nation, is not sub- ject to any such supervision.

Mr. J. H. Gornall's report on arsenical beer poisoning proves how eliglatly Warrington has been affected by the epidemic which has created suck alarm in Manchester, Salford, Liverpool and other' places. The beer manufactured in Warrington is exonerated from all blame for the few cases of suspected poisoning which do exist, and thie must be counted a feather in the cap of our local brewers. A natural inference therefor° seems to be that the Warrington people so inclined may go on drinking beer to their hearth' content. We certainly do not counsel them to do this, however. Beer at its best contains alcohol, and alcohol is quite poisonous enough to bring about the death of the immoderate consumer. Alcoholic neuritis is little less horrible than that aggravated by arsenic, and it is not an uncommon cause of death in Warrington. Beer-drinkers wouk be better advised if they took warning by recent happuings and cultivated the consumption of a liquid less injurious in itself and less liable to contamination. Milk and water are beverages worth a trial—not mixed of course—even by topers. The latter are quite welcome to our suggestion.

A bad time seems to be coming for what in large towns and cities are known as "orderly boys,"' whatever it may prove to be from the ratepayerst point of view. It comes in the shape of a paten scavenging machine, calculated to render the orderly boys a superfluity. The apparatus, which is an American invention, can be pushed by a man, and it will do the work of four or five boys. It will soon be at work on the wood-paved streets in the centre of Birmingham. It is not known whether the local High way Department has any portent of very arctic .weather this winter there,but it appears that not only has i arranged for a number of extra snow "tips," but it has been ordering more snow ploughs. Birmingham has often proved itself a place which,in municipal matters,other towns might safely copy, but these are certainly "orders" which would be " large " for most communities.

and a contract has been entored into by which the RUNCORN AND WIDNES. paper is purchased fora given terra at 224 61 per ---- ton, delivered. The quantity collected averages RIIRI-DECANAL CONFERENCE AT RUNCORN*. seven tons thirteen cwt a .week, and thus gives a On Weduesiay a conference of the rural ,eanery revenue of ..e8 12s 21 per week,out of which .t 7 03 3.1 of Frodsham was held at the Mersey Mission, Run- goes for expenses, cost of bags sad so forth. In this. corn, Canon A Maitland Wood presiding. The way Glasgow gets rid of a troublesome forin of business was the consideration of ir li Jebb's bill rubbish, and saves .CB2 Os 81 per annum in the for the reform of Cmvocation. bargain.

A STREET DISTURBANCE. Jazieph. Bushell, elsou-street, tor being drunk and disorderly in Ceurch-street, on Monday night, was fined 10s.. and costs, or 14 days, by the Runcorn Bench, on Tuesday.—P.C. Gregory who proved the case testified to the defenuant creating a great disturbance in the street, and ill-tceating his father. OUTRAGE ON TILE BRIDGEWATER CANAL. At the Runcorn Police Court on Friday, before Mr Vi Handley, Henry Spencer and Panay Spencer, husband aud wife, were again charged on remand with unlawfully inflicting grievous oodily harm on Samuel Lamb at liadeora, on the 27th November.— Evidence Wa.:4 given to the effect that the complain- ant was not in a tit state to attend court, and tne prisoners were further remanded for a week, bail being allowed in the sum of £lO each, and one surety eacii in the same amount.. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMIM.

Mr II Rod(' presided at Lhe weekly coecert given at the Mersey Mission to seamen, on Tuesday, when a capital programme ot vocal and instrumentamusic wae suitatned by Misses Ria)dd, L Hinman, Davies, L Shaw, A Coward, Gibsoa awl Kimmer, and Ilessre J Clare, F Ellison, aud W Gregory. There was a fair attendance. Votes of thanks were accorded the arti.tes and chairman on the motion of Mr W Shaw, the missionary. BOATING CLUB CONVBBSAZIONB.

The annual ball and con versazione held in con- nection with the Runcorn Boating Club, took place at the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Friday evening last. The room had been most elaborately decorated by Messrs ilitchen and Squire, of Liverpool, and when filled by the large and select company of dancers looked charming. The band was supplied by Ur Craddick, High-street, and their repetoire included the latest music available for dancing. A splendid evening was spent, the company breaking up in the small noun of the morning. Tna arrange- ments were admirably carried out by the commit- tee, of which :Nix W Millinger was the secretary. The genial M.C. was Mr W Lrosby, and he was assisted by a corps -of obliging stewards. A.CCIDIt SIT TO A itIMCOILN LAD.

The danger of sitting on the wall by the Duke's Stables, Runcern, was illustiated in a remarkable manner, on Moutlay evening last. A boy natnee elarrison, who resides with his parents at the ficeloway, was comfortably seated on the wall, deeply iaterested in the capers of Some of his com- panions, when suddenly in rushing past they knecked him over, and he fell a distaace of about 10 feet, his back coming into viol6.mt contact with the foot of a wheelbarrow, which was lying below. At first it was feared that the eoy's, ribs were damaged, bat subsequeut exeminatioa proved that he had escaped with notniug worse than a severe shaking. Mr W Shaw and a couple of cen- stables were quickly on the spot with an ambulance, but tneir services were not required as the boy managed to walk home with slight assist- ance. FINANCES OF THE RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. Tne financial ri tavement of tee Runcorn Sceoel Board for the half-year ending September 29;:h sub- mitted to the meeting of that bedy on Thursday last, shows the annual grant from the Science and Art Depart eent amounted to £1.191 19e. 61.; grant from Nducation Department £259 15e. ; from the rates £1,000; grant under Agricultural Rates Act, .£8 9s. 61 ; school fees, ..£6 6s; sales to children, £l2 10s 41; sale of needlework, £l3 18e 7I ; from parents of blind and deaf children, £5 5s 64; super- annuation contributions, £27 183 41; making a total, with a balance in hand on March 25th of £2BO 12s 74, of £2,803 153 10d. The expenditure included among other items Salaries of officers, £156 53; expenses of administration, £53 14s lid salaries of teachers, £1,051 12s 101; beoks, &c., £23 63 81; fuel, light, ao.l cleaning, £93 193 61; repairs to buildings, £l2 153 64; rents, rates, taxes, &c., £lB 2s 3d; priucipal and interest on loans, £350 2s 21; other payment', £B5 14s 10d; making a total expenditure of £1,857 1s id. RI7NCORN LIBERAL CLUB.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
"Forced, foolish, futile." were the three graphic words in which Mrs. Allan-Bright summarized the results of the resent .general election in her address to the members of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association last week. She had little difficulty in showing that these words, with their trio of " ", were an accurate summary of the Government's achievement at the rccent Parliamentary election. The address was an admirable one and was listened to with interest and profit by the large gathering of ladies present. It was a matter for regret that the sterner sex was not batter represented but perhaps this was due to an impression that they were not " wanted " on this occasion. Not only was the audience favoured with an address from Alrs.:Bright but her husband, who was the Liberal candidate for Exeter at the recent election, also spoke. In the speaking line, Mrs Bright was certainly the "better half" on this occasion. Nevertheless Mr. Bright made an earnest protest against the manner in which the war in South Africa is being conducted.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

Juries are supposed, by an impossible and curious fiction of our legal procedure, to dismiss all sym- pathy and prejuaice from their minds while in the "box "or the jury room. Jurymen, however, are but men after all, and the evidence to which they sometimes listen must of itself create sympathy, if. not prejudice. Anyhow, an accident reported from the Edmonton County Court this week is typical not only of the relations which sometimes exist be- tween jurymen and judges, but of the way in wbich the former occasionally assert their sym- pathy. The case itself was simple, and the jury desired at its conclusion to give effect to their sympathy with one of the suitors. CariouslT enough the sympathy of the judge was on the same side, but the man of law gave his decision as such,while the jury sought to give a verdict in accordance with their feeling of sympathy. But the .judge re- fused to accept the verdict, and entered judgment according to his view of the law. Thereupon a juror, probably with the full concurrence of the other occupants of the box,exclaimed that he could see no use in their coming there at all, if they had only to decide as the judge directed. The judge made good tempered allowance for this little ebulli- tion, which, after all, gave expression to a very popular misunderstanding, and one that affords some thoughts worth pondering over.

Many and important are the preparations now in progress for the census of Great Britain. which is to be taken on Sunday, March 31st. The enumera- tion of the population is taken on the Sabbath be- cause people are supposed to be at home on that day. Within the decade the poiulation has in- creased enormously, and no fewer than forty thou- sand enumerators will be engaged in the work next year, or three thousand more than in 1891. It is evidently not everyone who is qualified to fill the office of enumerators. A.ccording to the fairly"high' standard fixed by Somerset House, he must be "in-' telligent, trustworthy, active,write well, must. have some knowledge of arithmetic, must not be infirm, or of weak health, not under eighteen or over sixty- five, must be temperate, orderly and respectableond be suil a person as is likely to conduct himsPlf with strict propriety and civility in the dischary of his duties." All these qualifications, together with a week's work,may bring the happy poisessor the magnificent sum of about thirty-five shillings.

For the "first time in its history, probably,the War Office is actually proming for the future. From the announcement which has been made this week, it appears that the gratuities ofbred to the return- ing troops, Imperial awl Colonial, who have been employed in South Africa, will range from five pounds upwards. Reservists and volunteer o will obtain ten to fifteen pounds, awl captains sixty pounds. The War Office has, moreover, taken a step that will greatly advance the effectiveness of our forces in the field. An order has been issued that after the commencement of the New Year every officer of Cavalry or Infantry shall, before he is pro- moted to the rank of lieutenant, be required to obtain the officer's extra musketry certificate. It is presumed that this order is applieable both to regu- lars and Volunteers,and to the latter it should prove decidedly encouraging. It is hoped in the provinces that the War Office will reauire not only a theoreti- cal knowledge of musketry from the officers, but practical demonstration that they have profited by what they have acquired on paper. It will be better for the men.

It has more than once been observed that in matters of municipal administration Glasgow can give lessons to many parts of the Engli-h provinces. Here is one of its recent arrangements for getting rid of the waste paper which too often litters the streets everywhere. The Corporation has just established a regular separate collection from shop- keepers and others, providing them with bags, and calling for them *ten full with a covered van. Off era were invited for what was thus gathered up,

It seems probable that superstition may accom- plish what humanity has failed to effect; for it is reported that Paris ladies are giving up the use .of " o,preys "or aigrettes, in millinery and for hair- dressing, because they are supposed to hasten the growth of crows' feet around the eyes of their wearer'. Bird-lovers ought to take steps to inoculate English women, of every degree with the same kind of notion.

This Club held its weekly lecture, on Tuesday night under the presidency of Mr Thomas Lei. The lecturer, was W Millington, and in a brilliant manner he dealt with the " Reform Bill of 1867." Toe lecture is perhaps best de.icribed as a fascinat- ing page o history, the conclusion of which would leave no doubt as to Who passed the Bill. Teat was a purely Liberal measure is clearly ineicated Lord Salisbury's testimonial to Mr Gladstone, for the then Lord Cranbourne stated "Mr Gladstone had practically dictated the particulars of the Measure to the Government." The lecturer urged that the work of the Liberal Party as reformers was not complete, and illustrated that, a great de3l more was to be accomplished in the direction of ameliorating the con ition of the working man. In the after discussion Messrs E liniveton, Massey, J Lea, T Wood, J Brown, the Chairman, and °titers took an active part. Tee usual votes of thanks followed. PRESHNTITION To A. RUNCORN BANDSIIIiN. The Drill Hall. Raueora, was the scene of an interesting function on Saturday night last, when Mr. George Booth, Balfour-street, a bandsman of twenty years standing, was the recipient of a valu- able cruet, as a Luken of the regard and esteem of his fellow b indsmen. Prior to the presentation there was a knife and fork tea to which a large com- pany sat down, amongst the number being the popular officer, Captain George F Ashton, Captain Timmins, and Sergeant-Instructor Callaghan, and Sergeant Mort. Bandmaster T Outnwaite, in making the presentation, referred in eulogistic terms to the services rendered by Mr Booth on the solo trombone, and wished him every success in his new sphere of labour at Port Sunlight.—Mr. Booth suitably res- ponded.—Mr. James Moorfield than made a capit-al speech showing the progress of the band. —The remainder of the evening was spent in a convivial manner, songs being contributed by Messrs R Shaw' W Outhwaite, C Garrett; a pianoforte solo by %V Stanway, and a cornet solo by W Gregory.—The toasts included "The Loyal," "The Bandmaster," and "Our comrades at the front," the latter being musically honoured.--Votes of thanks were accorded Mr and Mrs Chamberlain, the host and hostess, fur their admirable catering. The success of the even- ing was in a great measure due to Mr R Shaw, the baud secretary.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOT ES ---- [By a Correspondent].

The Runcorn Teath and Common has been greatly enhanced by what has so far been accomplished, nut, its ~ransformation into a park is not yet. A stroll round the spot, the other day. there being at tne time a sniff ot trosr, in the air, caused we to contemplate the lake with greater satistaction than ever. And being in a contemplative mood, it was not long before I, in fancy, beheld, a rollicking boisterols crowd ska'in,:. abou; upon blaut;ilulis clear iee,whilst, others faithful to their Pickwickian principles kept the pot a boiling," Fancy's pic- ture was, however, rudely dispelled, and I telt as if the shade of. B. 8 and W. stood besides me saying,

It is with that point I wish to deal. When the scheme was taken in:nand it was contemplated,very wisely so in my judgment, that all the money would not be tequired a:, once. A little was to be accomplished at a time. First the drainage and lake, then the " compulsory " road making, and lastly the laying out of the grounds Up to the pre- sent about halt the work 114 s been entered upou and what is completed gives very good hope for the whole being finally accomplished. What has been spent has been spent well and appearances zo to snow that the £4,000 will be money well invested Another fact that is worthy of notice is that in a few years' time Runcorn will have wiped off. some thousands of pounds from their loan accounts

I have a bit of advice for the tradesmen, who complain of bad trade. "Live where your bwdness is, and amongst those by whom you live." En- courage trade w;th one another, and don't be too fond of carrying your money out of town. En- courage everything that will t,11.1 to enliven aud enlighten your town, and by working to keep the labourer in your midst delighted and contented with his home-town, when all he requireß is get-at- able he will not travel afield and take is money with him. A trades union, or association would do well to consid-r thee

1 Colour-Sergeant W H Ilsrvev, £5 21 6d; 2 Lance, Sergeant J F Edwards, 24 2s 6d and Barclay cup; 3 Colour- Sergeant J Mort, £3 lOs ; 4 Sereant G Ellwards, £3 7s 61 ; 5 Corporal J Mort, £3 78 6d; 6 Corporal J Houghton, 17s 6d ; 7 Private T P Mort, £2 108 • 8 Ser4eant W B Cower, £2 5s : 9 Private W Gr,!zory. 2461 ; Sergeant J A Rnsh- tea. £2; Sergeant J Gittens, £; 12s 6'l; Private I P Le Couteur, £ll2s Gd : Private C Garrett, £1 108 • Corporal 0 Brtdbury, £1 Is 6.1; Sergeant S D Vatthews. 21' : Private A Joinson, 173 61 ; Corporal W Griffiths, 178 6d ; Private S Joinson, lbs ; Private J. Saddler, 12s ; Private W Har- graves. 12, 61 ; Corp3ral J Marsh,lls . • Lanc-Sergeant W F Gaskell, 7561; Corporal G ()Aram, Te 6,; Private T Chamber- is,in 7, 61 ; Private R Shaw. ss; Private W Freeman. 5s ; Lance-lorporal 0 Glover. 55; C,rp)ral W Walker. 5, ; Private B Hughes, 5s ; Private G Ooralev. ss. Swamis PRIZES.

1 Private P W Dutton, £1 and Li-Cly Brooke's Cup; 2 Private W Moores, us ; 3 Private T 12s 6d and silver medal for higkest eggragate in all competition prizs shooting ; 4 Private Hill, ; 5 Private T Carratiters. is 6i; 6 Private W Woodier. Se; 7 Private El 113rt0a, Se; 8 Bugler H Horrocks. ss.

- SQUAD PRIZE 3 FOR ATTENDANCE.—F Co.' Ist, No 1 Squad. avenge attend4nc3 171. commander Sergeants A lidabtou, prizi £2; 2nd, No 4 Squad, avevage Attendance 16• J ; commander Sergennt Lea,prize £1 : 3rd. No 2 Squid. average :,tteadanee 16.4, camas slider Sergeant W ki Phoenix, priz 3 109. SQUAD PRIzEt FOR ATFENDANCE.—a. Co. let, No 4 Squad, avers ,e attendince 176, commander S-rgeant-T frotanes. prize 22 ; 2nd. No 1 Squad, average attendance 154, commander Lance-Sergeant J F RdwArds, prize £1; 3rd, No 3 squad, average attendanoe 131, com- mander Sergeant D Edwaria, prizllo3.

PAM ALTON PRIz E, This year the prizs fir class firing and sectional practice was won by the G Compaly, commanded by Captain G F Ashton. The last occasion upon whim the prize came to Hauteur:l was in IE9. when the F Company secured the honour. The prize is a beautiful chalienge cup. TIT. E EXTRA. SERIF 1 PRIZES, Consisting of goods were won by Private 1 F , Bdwar4s, Corporal Mort, Sergeant Rushton. Sergeant D Edwards, Colour-Sergesnt lißrycy. Private P W Gregory. Lance-Sergeant Saddler, Corporal Griffith,, Coloiir-Sergeant J Mort. emporal J Houghton, Lanes- Sergeant J Gitteus, Sergeant S D Corporal Marsh, Corporal Bradbury. L .'ice-Corooral It Jontli, Private P T Mort, Sergeant Co)psr. Private Hargraves Private R Shaw, Private W Moores, Private W Freeman, Private T Mellor, Lanco;Co-paral Gaskell, Corporal W Walker, Lance-Corporal C Glover, Private 1. J Hughes, Priv- ate B gughes, Bugler Horricics, Private It Wright, Private S Johnson, Private A Joinsan, Sergeant Callaghan, Sergelat Phceaisr, Private If Horton, Private T H Carruthers, Private T Chamberlain. Corporal Outram, Private G C rrnlev, Private T Jones. Private J F LaCouteur. Lance-Corpora Forster, Private F Dutton. Prlvats Jones. Private F Johnson, Private Roberts, Private C Garrett.

Captain Timmins said aef:-ire concludinz tho first part of the programme, he had first to thank the public or Runcorn ter their kind supp,irt. Were it not for their contributions in money or kind they would not be able to Nye a prizl dibtribution, and CaptAin Ashton would have born deprived of the privileze of giving them aa account of the Corps doings. (Hear, beAr.) They hal tweu favoured with tha pcesenc3 at grs. Smith, wife of their new Colane!, and on behalf of the D.,taeiment, Ctptain Ashton. 4rni himself, he wished to tenler..their sincere thanks. (App!ause).

Colonel Sirhth inaTuirel Captain Timmins very much on behalf of his wife. He could asurri thAn it was very pleasing to her, to do anything, no matter how small, in aid of the volunteer movement- (Flear, hear.) Captain Ashton had referred to ttlAr last ctinp. and he agreed with him. It was perhaps most fittingly pit in the words of a volunteer " To(unly Atkins " whom he overheard on the way hams from Salisbury Plain. His retnatir was " We have learnt more in Salsbury in 14 days than all ths ten years I have been in th‘o Corps." Well if that was so it prove' their S ilisbury training was right. (Applause.) There was still one prize—the most important one—to nand over, and he c.mgratulated the Runcorn 13,tach- mi=nt in securing the priz3 for the beat shooting of the whole Battalion. (Applause). The " G " Company had carried off the cup, and won i ton by 7 points better than the next Company to them. (Applaur.e.) More- over, the next Company to it was also a Runcorn com- pany— (applause)—which tied with one of the Chester Companies. That was ,:atisfactory, and be felt sure that when Captain Ashton came forward as commander of the successful company, they would give him what he deservod In the way of a hearty gre,ting. (Ilear, hear ) As Cgotain Ashton received the cup, he was greeted with deafening cheers.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
DRLICIOUS MAZAWA.I2IIib; TEs. DEdCIOIJSMAZI.WANTS TEA MiLICIuUS MAZA.WATTM3 THA SOLE AGENTS: IiINIY IILLI?iG AND CO, LTD. vrnoLesALE AND RETAIL GRWERS ETC., "G. 110R5EMARSET STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
pF.,•wkWir,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN VOLUNTEER PRIZE DISTRI3UTIONI.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Douglas Story at Runcorn.--A Little about the Boers.

A large and fasuloa:Lble aunieuce assembled on Wed- nesday evening at the Dzilt Hall, Runcorn, the ocoasinn being the distribution of prizes to the Runcorn Voluuteati. Nacardity con duet a.ctraction to many was the a:t that Mr. Du,Ls Story, of the .• Ds'ly Mail," was to lecture on the S.iu-.4 African War. _

Toe Wad uniqlr.T Onthwaite having opened with a selectbu of " Elguzh songs," tus stag., was occupied by the succes3ful mem iers of the dttactuuen:, aut.' Mrs. Smith (who had kindly clusented to cluduet the distri- bution) toak the chair, being suppertsd by Colanei Smith, Lieut.-Colonel Kiug, hitjor ilarrison, Captaiu Georg a F Astit Captain Barton, ()Apulia 'fidarniur, and Lieut. Ldiaker.

Cepcam Asatoa, tee c num ateler of the Runcorn Detaetainent,ou rising was loudly apeteuied. He said it was ouce again Me privilege to be Oil a to give a good accouut o the doings of de 3 Runcorn Volunteers during the previous year, (Hoer, bear.) Oa this occasion it was certainly a very pleaeine cluv he had to perferm, for teey were able to saew ace; only very g‘est meat in -respect of their numbers, bat also he could safely say as regards cee etheency ot the corps. Wite respect to cher tenuous at the end of the last Volue- tee!. year (1899) they stood at 143 strong, whereas at the cad of the present season they stood at 196 strong. (Hear, hear,) That of itself RAJ cereeinly very gratify- ingito them ; but, he thought it was altogether eclipsed by the greater efficiency, welch had been shown, not only by the Runcorn Volunteers.bat also by volunteers all over the country during the past year. Idest of them or ,at all events, a gre it number of them were aware of how they used to go into camp for one week during the season, but perhaps there were not 'many present aho knew what their duties were when teey got to the camp. They laid company drill, battalion drill and cereminiat drill ; and, sometimes something that would do them some good should they ever enter into actual warfare. Of course, they took it as a matter of course and did not know whether they were deficient, and they used to return home feeling they bad received a good traioing. However, twelve months ago, through the war in &ouch Africa it was seen that even our Army had not been properly trained for the duty that lay before them. The eyes of the War Office Officials were opened, and they ordered that the Volueterre Shoeld have in future, instead of one we, et lees"; two weeks training and for a longer time in some instances. They had been to camp on Salisbury Plain, ane sune of their members had stayed the full time. It was not the length of traiaing, but rather the method of training to which they owed th3ir increased efficiency. Battalion drill, company drill, and cereal-Jule' drill, were practic- ally laid en one Bile, and in their place they were taught how to form out:pmts, advance aud rear guards, and how to construct shelter trenches awe LU scouene ; else, several times chitin,' the came they had sham fights. Certainly that was a batter training to them than all the battalion drills they would have had in a year , _• •and they therefore considered them- selves a more efficient force than they were last year. (dear, hear). They would all remember how events auceeeded each other last year, and aboat the eorree- pending period volunteers were asked for to come for- ward and join their territorial regiments which were in South Africa. He could safely say that Volunteers throughout the whole of England did not in any way disgrace that call. (Applause). And so far as Runcorn eves concerned, he would net say they were any better, but he did not think they were behind the rest of the country. (Loud applause). Oct of the Runcorn com- panies at least 70 names were put down if required. Taey were informed that se many would not be required, and finally six were chosen to go on active service and five others were put on the reserve. It was not for him to say aaythin; about them that night, for all Ruienern people would know about there—(applause).—and he thought that grateful act which had been performed by the Runcorn Urban District Council was sufie cleat to sbow at all events, that the r representatives in office thought of those men who had gone out (Loud applause). Be did not propose to take no their time any longer, but before asking Mrs Smith to distribute the prizes, he would ask her to kindly present three illuminated die- charges to three of the oldest membere of the corps (Hear, hear.) They were Quarter-Master-Sergeant Ilan- kinson, Sergeant Wondlaua, tine Bugle.: Buckley, all of whom had been obliged to retire owing to the age limit. Still they did net wish to let them go without som 3 token of the respect tier. fee: for them. (Applause). Qearter- Master-Sargeant Harikinson hal be -I 39 years in the corps. Sergeant Woodland, who joined in later life, 19 veers. and Bugler Buckley had also beea a member for 39 years. (Loud applause.) &Ire Smith then gracefully complied with the request, after which ehe distributed the prizes to the following:—

===== 0002601_19001214_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE LECTURE.

Mr Douglas Story then took over the attention of the audieoce, anti sketched for them his earls: acquaintance with the Boers. It was som-thina over a year since he was sent for to attend at the "Ddy Mail" offioes, and a,ked it be would go to Pretoria ? Uo replic.d "I'il try' and the next morning he was off to the Contineat to in- t,rview D: Ley ds, in the hope of obtaining a safe con' duct. Bow he got it, and of the delightful time b, spent on board the " Yanetse." a French Liner, upon which he travelled to Delagoa By, and upon which the Fri-hell Volunteers who were going to assist the Boers were travi-Ping, were most interestingly illustrated. Than those 400 volunteers, it was never his pleasure to gaze upon a more ruffianly gang. fie as satisfied that no convict ship could have turned out such a crew. They bad stabbings and robbings, and before they got through the Red 6ea every pair of irons on board was filled with a prisoner. There was .quite a revolution— but then it was only a French revolution. (Laughter.)

Ia conneotion with the Temperance Mission Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Temp!ars, a "rally" was held in Brick-street Missioa on Wednesday evening. At six o'clock upwards of 100 persons sat do wu to a capital tea and subsequently a public minting Wa° he!cl, pre- sided over by WO Newman, D.S.J.T. of Etriestown. Toe juvenile temolars occupied seats on the platform, and assisted by Bro Nurse, rendered the following pro- gramme of songs, recitations, &c. Recitation, Elsie Broughton ; son'," Queen of too Eart," M- Nurse; recitation, Charles Roylauce ; song, Lacy Sheath ; recitation. E Commins ; recitation, L Cubbias ; glee. " Victoria" Lucy Sheath, Florrie Phi knett, Nelde Walton, and ,Taee Walton ; recita..ious, M flow:lath, - Detkin and S Webb ; soag, S:ster Commies. Its the course Of 50a1.3 appropriate remarks, the chairman said he was delighted to know that a good work was being done by the Good Templary movement in Warrinvon. It was the duty of parents to do what they could in the interects of the children and he hoped that Good Templary would not look behind, but press forward, and further the temperance cause in Warrington. They had in the country something like 100,000 members in 700 lodges, so that it was the largest temperance society in the world. (Applause). Bro. CLARKS, of E rlestown, also made a brief speech. Sister Woons, of Earlestown, then d:stributed pr'zes to the chiliren for bringiug members to the T,mple ood regular attendgac% The speaker for the evening was Bro A A LEE, of Liverpeol, who referred to the enor nuns amount of in- .liffereoce, which existed not only in the spuere of tem- perance work, but a!so in religious and other matters. They wanted to arouse enthusiasm and although they might now !rem to suffer deleate,teetotalers would, la the end be victorioas. (Applause.) 1.0. G T. No. 1 Convention, S.-W. Lancashire. The monthly session of the above was held in the Ragged School, Bank-street, Warrington. Bro G Clarke, C CT (Earlest4wn) pre representatives and visitors being present from Warrin ;ton, E tries- town, Ashton, and Widnes. Bro D P Sykes, D. Couneillor Southport), was present as a visitor. Bro Newman, C Sec. (Earlestown) presented his monthly report, which was of a fairly encouraging description. The members were urged to go in for recruiting, covenant services, church parades, grand lodge special sesions,and to try to make this year— tile jubilee of the Good Templar Order—a great sue- cesso—Tne report was adopted.—Bro Fowler (Ash- ton) wrote thanking the members for their expressions of sphapathy on his recent severe illness. —The Star of the Nast Lodge, Warrington, applied. for affiliation with the Convention, the request being granted.—Encouraging reports of the lodges and temples in the area were then given by the representatives. Bro Clark (Earle-town) and Bro O'Brien (Warrington), gave short addresses, urging the metnbers to show a grand increase in member- ship this quarter. The Credential Committee's repon was then presented, after which Bro D P Sykes (Southport) delivered an address. The meet- ing closed with the usual vote of thanks. After tea a public meeting was held in the same room, when Bra Ciark presided. Addresses were given by Bro. Sykes and the Chairman, and songs,recitations, etc., by members of the Hope of Warrington Juvenile Temple, assisted by Sister Sheath (Warrington), and Bros. Speakman and Jackson (Ashton), and New-- man (Earlestown).

The Winding up of a Local Company. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, a petition was heard under the Companies Act 1862' to 1893 against W Furness and Company, Limited, on behalf of the North Shore Alin Cmpany, who were creditors to the extent of £72 23 61, for a winding up order under the provisions at the Companies Act or that such order he made in the promises as shall be just. Mr Lorraine, barrister, Liverpool (in- structed by Messrs Evans, Lockett and Company) appeared for the petitioners, and Mr. Eastwood, barrister, Manchester (instructed by Mr Arthur Browne), represented the company. In opening the case on behalf of the petiti )nors Mr. Lorraine stated that., the firm of William Furness and Com- pany was incorporated in 1892, with registered oilleies in Haydock-street, Warrington, The nominal capital of the company was £5,000 divided into 1,000 shares of £5 each, but the number of shares i=sued was only 240 at.. £5 each. The peti- tion was for a compulsory windiog up of the Com- pany. On the 4th of July last the company passed a special resolution to wioil up the company volun- tarily, and Mr 11 Bowdeo Furness was appointed as liquidator. This gentleman was a near relation of Mr William Furness, who was the sole director of the company. At the time it was agreed to voluntarily wind up the com- pany; it was also decided to re-construct the concern, and the effect of that would be likely to po3judice the interests of Cie unsecured creditore. Mr William Farness was the sole director of the company and under this voluntary liquidation he had appointed his brother as liquidator. He sub- mitted that under the circumstances, the rights of the unsecured creditors were likely to 1:).3 prejudiced and this was essentially a Casts in which theie ought. to be a compulsory winding-up.—Mr.Eastwood said the company had no objectian to the affairs being properly investigated and were quite willing to consent to an order for the co:npuisory winding up of the company•—liis Honour said he would make a compulsory winding-op order.--31r.Uns- ; worth said he appeared in support of the petition. I on behalf of M,ssrF.. Fairelough and Sons and asked ;for his costs to be allowed.—This was granted.

DELICIOUS MAZ &WATT Slil TBA D 14LICI,JUS MAZ A.WATTHE THAL D HMO lOUS MAZ ovArTHH TEA SALE /GETS: JIMMY MILLING AND CO.. LTD. WII,II,ESILE AND RETAIL. GROCERS ETC., 5, HORSEMARK ET-S CREEP. WARRINGT3N

TO CURE A COLD IN tPal DAY Take Laxative Brorno Quinine Tablets. All Druggists re- fund the money if it fails to cure. 1./li. Tho genuine is, stamped L. IL Q. -Advt. LAMBS' BIM riLXOR 1100 IS AND SILORS UNDI,IIt. ii CLOCX, WRITING &c. To become a kooi Elwin 'es Writer, take lessons from PROFESSOR MITII. 47. LOEENALL-STREET, WARRINOTJN. Open every day and evening--Advt. PUBLIC lISNEFIT UNDliii THE CLUCK FOR Bur Boars IN LANCA.Slitltti.—Advt

HUGH Fe (TREE No UGH. HANSOM ANL) CAR PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOU-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, &c. FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR FARTIES. TELEPHONE N. 169- BRANCH OFFICE 24, HORSE 'tf ARKET-ST'

OFFICE AND LIVERY 6TABLES 111LATIISIDE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19001214_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
On reaching, Boer territory he foaled that practically a - reign of terror prevaite.i. The first official he came in coutact with asked " Wnat sort of a mad Snglishman Ihe WM to come t 3 their country at that tune ? " The lecturer'a experiences of the secret service sa:veillance were unique. a e found Johanaesburg a "City of the dead," whereas a few years previously he PilOW it to be as busy as Li, erpeei or Man- chester. Pretoria was a much more stately and healthy place. Beer women he found to be really "manly" hi their self-sacrifiaes; When the Boers came home tram the front the women wee d soon pack them off to the fighting line again. Mrs Kruger was a woman entirely iauce:eat of politics, and when sae heard of the deaths of the soldiers in the war, she had shed many really genuine tears of sympa:hy. (Hear, hear). Amongst his experieaces was that of being arrested for high treason, and taken a great way out of his proper directioa. El tying dealt with the Baer on 03m.nando, the Boer generals in the field, L )rd Metuaen's cam- paign from the Boer side, Spien Kip and Pieter's Hill, Vac retreat to (lencoe, and the capture of the c-nvoy at Gantias Po.t, Mr Story showed that the British had net t.ken iato consideration the vale, of a keeje and.smekeless powder. If there were 10,00 Been; rep )rted, It was considered that 2,000 British woad be sufficient to deal with them. Instead of wbteli the Boers stilted have been considered plus position and emokeless pa seer. it ,ferring to the v.-ay Brizish cavalry were ridden, Hr. Snry pointed oat teat dae Boers never rode their h irses for more than two ho irs at a stretch, when they off saddled and had 15 minutes ereataiug time. Braise mounted infantry and cavalry usually rode 12 hours at a stretch, neither man or horse haviag any root. Regarding the sight of , the Beers it was a suejeet of remark than they could see further than English people General Butler hal sail that the Beers se about two miles further thin the British, and from his (the Lecturer's) persoealesperieace he would say it was well within the mark. Lord Roberts' inarca to Bioomfon- t i ein and from thence to Pretoria were described n detail and Mr. Story said it was the happiest day of his life when Lord Roberts entered Pretoria, for on that day be parted with his "Keret service atteedaut " an indivi- dual who had stuck to him ever since he entered the country. Tne lecture was throughout int nselyinter- esting, and was illustrated by limelight views. At its coaclusiaa the band played" God save the Qat•en," which terminated a delightfully spent evening.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY,

" Rally" in Brick Street Mission, Warrington.

4 ' ;

, ‘.

-4

===== 0002601_19001214_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_19001214_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19001214_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1*

kid

ri

===== 0002601_19001214_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11*

===== 0002601_19001214_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: I •

===== 0002601_19001214_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Has seen the practical results where patients have taken Scott's Emulsion.

HOUGHA ,om a Photcgraph.)

8, North Row Buildings, Park Lane, London, W., January 28th, 1900.

Dear Sirs,---I highly recommend Scott's Emulsion as being most beneficial for coughs, colds, and all affections of the chest and lungs. One small bottle cured an infant of a most shocking cough. which was very distressing to hear. She was only two months and a half old: since then she has taken a large bottle, which has quite cured her delicate chest. I cannot speak too highly of Scott's Emulsion, and feel it my duty to other infants, also to adults suffering in a similar manner, to testify to the beneficial qualities of your splendid preparation.

Yours truly, (Signed) NURSE HOUGHAM. upon having the genuine Scott's El guished by our trade mark. This trade mark is known round the world, and stands for a remedy whose superlative merit has been proved beyond question. A sample of Scott's Emulsion will be sent to any address in Great Britain upon receipt of threepence to cover postage, and a mention of the name of this paper. Applica. tions for samples should be rpm to Scott and B )wne. Limited, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C.

Searr's EMULSION is an ideal remedy for all such affections as are mentioned in the foregoing letter, because it is not only a specific affording immediate relief, but it also builds up the entire system, and thus makes the cure permanent. A remedy that merely treats the local symptoms leaves the system as unprotected as before, while Scott's Emulsion gives vitality and overcomes its weak tendencies. No other form of cod-liver oil is like Scott's Emulsion. This preparation is the most palatable,and is !prepared in such a manner that it does not in any way impair or tax digestion. It contains hypophosphites and glycerine, which add greatly to the value of the oil, and is made train a formula not employed elsewhere. Consequently, it is quite important that you insist

_..„-------),_, 4_,(i.?.. ?.._;--s---‘)- ((. -_,..... (-cc? I 11\-‘ " c-\6>--....._, re---,- .__ S--;_,-- ' -`,- .::-: , t -,i, - =-,- . , _w ,1?" . J‘ -f- /*') -6LI. ' •‘7',' k 44,1" •e ,•.‘,.- •Y- --/=, _.-.4, % ‘ 7, ;•-7.,•_- _,—,----•.: ',(.".5--: -- / •-.---*--7-: ' 4;:.• '4, ) , , • ~...--) . ....- 7. ------''''-•,'N'—s• . s . . ••-.. •,-..........,........,,v ‘).•f\ , ~•••e; . s \ i \ \'' 41 ' • . I 4 I I \ \ \ NURSE M. (Fr•-•

.C. , o mulsion, distill- -4 . irVi II I J 4, ri i li' PY i 5, . t, . —...t— -,--• 4 - "''• TRAMS MAUL.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
_ , , t i 7 , 1, rli . , • 1 .... 4. ' ~ 1 •:' .1.. -l• . ~.' • 1 IA , • 1 , , . . ... - . .., 4 , ~... - . ~.. : ... ......, .........,=_- -..- - ---... • --•-•-• • . , - -- -------.. - -...--..-- ~ ---• ........ ... --.......-...-....-.............-....._..- -..........--- --- . ' ...-..-..-.....-.-.-.. .. .. . . ..,. _ , . .- ... ... . , ... - ........-...-.-....,

CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, &c.

JOHN H. GORNALL.

Mr. Alderman Bolton.

-

===== 0002601_19001214_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
" HOME " AGAiN.

The charms of " Home " go with us, wherever duty or pleasure calls, whether in peaceful occupations, or in the stern necessities of war. How int,nsely precious must " Home" be to those who are retnrning from the struggles and hardships endured in g-ut'n Africa. Think of the sick and wounded invalHed " Home," to the care of mother, wife, or friends, who are only too anxious to have their dear ones with them a,:ain, to nurse them back into a new life of perfect health and strength. At such a time, the great recuperative Tonic is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It gives power to the weak limbs, it steadies the nerves, brightens the eye, infwes new hope, and builds up the system anew. Many patients that have been suffering fro:n Enteric an other wasting diseases, simply require to be systematically treated with a tonic restorative. A c:orrinlete rest and a reviving tonic, is all they require. In Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, this will be found in its highest perfec- tion. The Best Remedy for Lass of Appetite, Indigestion, Impure Blood, Chest Diseases, and Influenza.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T LOSE TIME.

People are continually wondering where to go for some mew remedy, when they feel " Out of sorts," " Not up to the mark," or "cnly Middling." We say "Don't go," come and get the well-tried and proved Remedy Gwilyth Evans' Quinine Bitters. Do you suffer from Indigestioli? Do you feel " Tired "at your work? If so, take Gwitym Evans' Quinine Bitters and you will soon be right again. Chronic safferers are sometimes averse to be always changing their melicine, and rightly so, but it does happen at times that a change would lead to a better stet- if thing. For iestanee, if you are suffering from extreme weakness, and are gradually making up your mind to a prelonged illness, you are making a great mistake if you have not tried Ciwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Will you try it ? Don't lose time. It is the best remedy fer General Debility, Low Spirits, and Nervousness. Its tonic quelities infuse new life, and you soon see the sunny side of nature again, and cheerful content comes with a gradual rain of strength. For Chest Affections, and to guerd off Influenza, try this excellent vegetable tonic restorative. Be sure that you gee it, when you ask for it. Don't buy worthless imitations. Say you *ant Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and see that the nem:, " Gwiiym Evans' "is on the label, on the stamp, and on the bettle, without which none are genuine. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles, 2s 9 and 43 6-1 each, by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be seat, carriage free, direct from The Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Dewily, South Wales

===== 0002601_19001214_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court. FTtlDA.T.—Before the Mayor (In the chair), Alderman Fair- dough. Conseillors eirretherst and Reberts, Dr Gornall and Messrs Thornton sad Hopherd A TRANSPORT CcMP NY Sumetoferen.—The Manchester and Liverpool Transport Co, Ltd, was summoned for keening the cabins of, two Canal boats owned by them. "The Esther" and •`Alito Field" in an unclean and uninhabitable condition.— Inspector Norman proved the c ,se. A fine of 5s and co;ts wasimposed in each ease. Youxo WOMEN ASSAULTED —David Lloyd. 24. Warburton- street was summoned tor assaulting two young worn' named Annie and Mary Ellen Pownell. who reside at r?, West-street. DM the 3rd inst.—After hearing the evidence die Bench fined the man les. ALLEGED NEGLECT OF FAMlLY,—William henry Nampleries, 83 Havdock-Itreet. we summoned for neglect- ing to provide reaeopable maintenanee for his wife and children, thus causing his wife to lice apart from him. —Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant end Mr. Steel repre- sented the:defendant —Mr Browne steted that,the allegation against the defendant was absolute lazine=s The parties were married on the 12th January, 1893 and lived very com- fortably for some time. The man had a place at Mersrs. W Houghton arid Compen:y-'s, Sankev Bridges, and earned 225. per week. Ultimately defendant began to neglect his work. He would not get up in the morning and kept losing quarters." and " halves." Then he would go to the Library and sit there reading instead of going to the works. About fifteen weeks ago he was discharged from Mailers. Houghton's. Since then he had gone entirely wrong and had left several Situations. It was nothing bet wilful and absolute lazines CM his part. Mr. Steel was instrueted that the defendant had suffered from consumption of the bowels, and had not bad the strength to work regularly. Last week end he gave his wife, money and there had not been auttieient neglect to cause her to leave, The Bench were not eathfied that there was sufficient, evidence and dismissed the ease. Wt ASSAULT —Charles Partridge. 193, Wellfield-atreet, was summoned for assaulting hie wife Mary Elizabeth on the 3rd inst.—Cemplainent stated that her hasband WAS driak- ing in a publ:c-home on the evening of the date named. and she went to fetch him home. When they got into the house defendant attempted to strangle her, but was prevented from doing so by a friend of his.—The Bench eonvieted defendant of an aggravated assault, and fined him in the costs .—His wife was granted a separation order with 15e per week. Ploeneser.—Bef ore the Mayo- (In the rhair) Ald,rmqn Iles- ten, Councillor Smethurst, Messrs F Monks, Birchen, Hay- ward, Wright and Thornton. ILL-TaTZATMEYT CF A Hunsr.—Willtam flattened Wallace, Delph Farm, Winwick, W 39 summoned for ill-treating a bore by working it whilst. In an unfit state on the 30th lgocrnber.— Inspector Wilson, R.S.P.C,A.. said he saw a mare, belonging to the -lefendant, attached to a spring cart. On examining the animal he found it was very Nine on the Off fore leg, which was swollen, and lull of infiernmet!on &Most up to the knee. The ho-se was qiiite unfit for any kind of work. Defendant said he )(nevi', sr was " ttone for," and he was going to leave it killed. The horse bad since been W Know!es appeared on beaalf of the defendant and offered to pay tee costs if the magi atr.tes consented to dismiss the ease. The horse bed been got rid of.—The ease was dismissed on payment of costs. LICMM GIRL CILLEGCD WITH THETI'.—A girl named Annie Miller, residing at Brookfield-terrace. Lyrnm, was charged with stealing from a etall in the Market Place at 8.20 on Saturday even ng two pieces of embroidery and an antimaccalsar, of the value of 9a.. the property of Thomas Edward Leigh.—Mr. Crompton appeared oe behalf of the nrisoner.—Superintendent Moneghan said that at the time In question the girl was seen standing at the prosecutor's stall, in company with her mother. They remained there for ten minutes . and then left. Mr. Leigh saw tee girl put something in a carpet bag whinh she was csrryine, so ho followed her, and on examining the bag found it onntained the articles mentioned in the charge. Ile gave her into cus- tody, and Wilf4l charged the girl rep Led " Yes, I did take them."— Vor the defence Mr Crompteti said the prisoner hat previously borne a good character. Her mother did not Sae her take the gcods, and pri.onee would swear that she took them off the floor, and not off the stall. The girl had been in custody since Saturday evening —Toe magistrates decided to deal with the prisoner under the First Offenders' Act, and fined her in the caste. BR ?'ACIT op TELE PEACE—On the evidence of P.C. Clough. John Stanton end Ellen Stanton. who reside at 8, Berry's yard, were bound over and ordered to nay the coat, for corn mitting a breach of the peace iu the Market-place on the 29th salt. OBSTRUCT ON.—Mary Ann Qt1:11r1 was fined 13 for eausinZ an obstruction in ea, twright-atreec he leaving a quantity of market produce and final tire on the footpath—P.C. Baxeu- dale proved the case. TCESDAY—Before Mr. T Birchen (in the chair), Aldermen

Shaw Green and Hutchinson and Dr. Fox. EPFICT £5 IN LYSS THAN A WEFK.—A man of military apnearance, named Jc.seoli Wood, was charged with begging in Mtnehester-road,st 4.25 tho previous afternoon.—Prisouer admitted the offence and etnted that he only left Aldershot last Wednesday. He belonsed to the south Wales B4rdor Begiment which had just been disembodied—lll answer to the magistrates pesoner said that £5 w,re given to him when he left Aldershot hut he and some cornpanious got tofzethssr and spent it in drink.—He was discharged on promising not to repeat his conduct.

Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MoNoiY.—Before Me33r3 F J:Norman (prcal.Eng), ani S

Taylor. DRUNK IND RFFIIiING TO QUlT.—Robert McKeown, a tailor, pleaded guilty to being drunk and refusing to quit, the Holyheat Harbour public-house, on t'le 7th of December, and also with ding wilful damage to the glass or the door.— Jarnei Tatlook,landlord of the inn, stated that the man came to the house and asked for a pint of lator. He refuse to serve him for he thouolit be had had enough. The man would not go out so he had to turn him out. Pri^oner smashed the glass of 'he door doing damage to the ertent of 5s Mi.—Prisoner admitted it was co—The Chairman Imposed a fine of lOs and costs, for the first offence.-1n the second c 'se theilarlson,r would have to rua:tsigood the damaws. INAVELLING T.AILoRS IN TROUBLE.—Patrick Donovan and Frank Hughes, travelling Manchester tailors, pleaded to being drunk and disorderly in Halton-road, Koncorn. the 9la Deeember Robert Giln7n proved the case Another tailor came forward and offered testimony to tie precious good character of the defendants and asked that the Bei.ch would take a lenient view of the 013e.—This was done.a les fine being imposed in each cane. “A SAILOR SAVI:D."--William Campbell, sailor of the 4•Ham)ourg." Glasgow, pleaded guilty to being drunk in High-street on the 9 :1 Decerntser.—P.C. Nicholls call 5.8 he was proceeding along his beat at about 1.31 a.m. he heard a groaning, and on cuing to aeo WOO was in distres: found the defendant helplessly drunk on the st,p ot a house.—The Chairman observed the' prisoner, if not found by the Con- stable, would most likely Dave been dr. wned.—Fined 5s lu- eluding ccs:s.

Warrington Markets. At the Warringtcn corn market on Weelnesday new wheat fetched 34 61 to 33 81 (701 b to the bu9hel) ; new 0049, 24 'ld to 9i 51: flour, best seconds, per 2401 b, 21; bran lid per 20Ih. At the Provision Market prices were aq fcllows :—Fresh butter is 31 per lb ; chee6e, 6d, 71 and Sd per lb fresh eggs, 6 for Is; fowls. 4-4 to 5.4 Gd per couple ; English beef, G 1 to 101 ; mutton, 7d to 10d ; vett; id tond; pori 61 toB.

SPECIAL VISIT TO Pii.ESTON —Mr. Tliornav Non, Ocu- list and Aurisit Eye v-.(1 Ear Dispergary, Leeds), establi.thed 1871, will i,it the Caotte 11,)rol, Preston, on ThurPday December 6th, hours 11 to 5 30, and tray he consulted on all cases of failing sight and hearing. New treatment without operation. Sufferers should avail themselves of the p-ent opportunity of consultation. Spectaeis adapt, If tor weak or elefe,,;tiv:, sight. Those unab'e to avail themselves of a personal consultation, should write for printed form of quecrionA forwarded free. Letters to be addressed to 71, GREAT OEOROE-ITREET, Leeds.—Advt.

CADBURY'S Cocos, on the testimony of the Lancet "represents the tandard of highest putity." It is entirely free from all lo Ow_ substances, Puch as kola, malt, hops, ,ttc.. nor is alka I used to darken tir3 colour (and at) deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in the Illustrated Loudon News writes : "Cocoa is in itself a perfect feed, and requires no addition of drugs whatever." CAD- BURY'S Cocos is absolutely pure, and should Ito taken by old and yonng. at all times and in all seasons ; for Children Is it an Heal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CADBURY'S, as other COCOAS are often substituted far the sake of extra profit. Sold only In Packets and Tins.— Advt. (3)

===== 0002601_19001214_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

Intuition is the feminine of guess. The well-bred man is never rude uninten- tionally. Nothing is werse for a society reputation than to be suspected of wishing to please. LOVE makes the world go round, hut the disap- pointed lover is likely to consider it flat. THEORY and practice are two very different things, as any young lawyer will tell you. PATIENT: "-Oh, doctor, if I could only die"-- Doctor: "Pm doing my best for you." A MAN is never so willing to do the square thing as when he gets in a hole. The foolish and the dead atone never change their opinions. HUSBAND (to very old frien).--" Strange, but my wife always wants me to remember her birth- day, but to forget her age." "SHE refused him, as she thow;lit that he would propose again." "And did he ?" "Oh, yes. But it was to another girl." "YOUR husband. is so amiable!' "Yes, he acts that was in public, so people will think the baby takes after me." HE: "I saw you at the theatre the other night. Wasn't it immense?" She: " What ? The performance?" He: "No. Your hat." AFTER THE SERVICE.—She: "I don't believe there was a hat in church to-day that I didn't see." : "Except the one that was passed for the collection." DOCTOR,: "After this you ought to sleep like a baby." Patient (anxiously): "1 hope you don't mean like my baby, Aoctor." TEACIIER : "Have you learned the Golden Rule, Tommy?" Tommy: "Yen'm. It is to do to other people like they would do to you." Docror. (to patient with smashed ribs and gene- rally dilapidated appearance): "Have you been kicked ?" " Lor', no sir, I ain't got a husband." Funny: "There are people who make a cloak of religion." Duddy: "I know. It is a bad habit."

"WELL, " I'm glad o' one thing. Our Jim seems to have good religious comp'ny. "How is that, mother? " "His last letter says he's comin' home in a converted yacht." HE (in favour of keeping house): "But, my dear, you would not like to spend your married life in a boarding-house?" She: "Oh, my, no We could go to the theatre or opera nearly every "How did you learn to skate?" a little bof was asked. "Oh," was the innocent but signi- ficant answer, "by getting up every time I fell down." MISS DIMPLE "I suppose I am foolish. Bat then you cannot put an old head on young shoulders." Old Totterly (eagerly): "I've got one you can." Jr is said that one cannot dance without paying the piper; but, at the same time, one may pipe without being able to collect much from some of the dancers. The funniest thing about the man who dyes hair is that he thinks he can foul other people. "What are you going to be when you grow up, Tommy?" asked the visitor. "I think," said Tommy, thoughtfully, "that I shall be some. body's ancestor." EMPTY TALK.—Higgins Hall: "Have you heard that empty box story?" Rustic Bridge " Higgins Hall: "It's just as well you haven't; there's nothing in it." Two SIDES.—Mrs. Call: "It's too bad of you, Ethel, to worry your mamma HO." Ethel (aged five) "Oh, well, Mrs. Call, if you'd lived with mamma as long as I have you'd know which of us was to blame." Too SaLenn TO ANNOY HlM.—The Visiting Clergyman: "Didn't you ever listen to the still small voice?" The Flippant Convict: "Oh, I didn't mind a little thing like that." AT HIS TRADE.—HaI Counter: "So she did not accept you?" Sam Shoeseller : "No; got down on my knees to propose, then forgot what I was there for, and asked her what size shoe she wore." How is This ?—" Always do right and your friends will stand by you." "Yes, but the time a man needs friends to stand by him is when he does wrong." SHE: "Why is it, I wonder, that little men so often marry large women?" He: I don't know, unless it is that the little fellows are afraid to back out of engagements." "Is this a fast train?" asked tha travelling man of tile porter. "Of course it is," was the reply. "I thought so; would you mind my getting out to see what it is fast to." REMENY/ says: "Genius is the power a man has to kindle his own fire." Nonsense. It is genius that enables a man to lie in bed while someone else kindles the fire for him. "ONE half of the world don't know how the other half lives," exclaimed a gossiping woman. "Oil, well," said her neighbour, "don't worry about it; 'tisn't your fault if they don't know." Two little chaps were overheard discussing the age of a third, and then one reflectively remarked : " Well, I don't exactly know how old Charlie is; but he must be old, for he blows his own nose." " DocToß," said the grateful patient, seizing the physician's hand, "I shall never forget that to you I owe my life." "You exaggerate," returned the doctor, mildly. "You owe me only fifteen visits." DEACON JOHNSON: "It's one ob de frailities ob our poor human nature dat no mattah how much a man gits he wants more." Jim Jackson (thought- fully): "On, I dunno 'bout dat ; not in a Police. court, he don't." TILE steamer rolled and pitched in the waves. "Dear boy," groaned Cholly, at the end of his first hour " prom ise me you will send my remains home to my people." A second hour passed. 'Deer boy," feebly moaned Cholly, "you needn't send my remains home. There won't be any." CORNERED.—" Do you mean to tell me," said the passetby, suspiciously, "that you were wounded during the war?" " Dat's what I intended to express," replied Meandering Mike uneasily. "When, where and how?" "Well, only in a general way. Every time I t'ought of enlistin' it nun my reelin's." ONLY ONE OBJECTION.—The two girls were look- ing over the wares in the book store. "Do you admire Dickens ?" asked one of them. " Yes," replied the other ponderingly, "but I think he would be handsomer if he didn't wear whiskers." "Two little tots were watching the clouds near the horizon ono evening, when one exclaimed: " Oh, see the sheet lightning !" Shortly after there was a smaller flash from the same cloud, and the other cried out: "Oh, and there is some pillow- case lightning !" COERCION.—Mrs. Shrill: "So you won't get me that new bonnet?" Mr. S. : "No, I won't." Mrs. S. : "Very well, then ; I'll go to every tern- peraoce meeting that comes here, and people will think the rea,ou f am not decently dressed is because you hive taken to drink." Two ladies wile were lodging together in a North of Sco• land t ii were asked in the morning by their landlady how slept. "Oh, very well,' was the reply. " Nae wonner !" said the landlady with a touch of pride in her tones, "ye were eleopin' in my best funeral sheets !" PRIDE. —" No George, don't ask me. I can't go down the fire escape with all those people lookieg." "You must. You'll be burned to death if you staop here." "I can't help it, George. I wouldn't go down that ladder for all the world. These shoes I have on Fire two sizes too large for me !"

LADIES AND TIIE CYCLE.—TWO Dundee cronies—

Tam Skeen and Jeems Baxter—were taking their .usual stroll the other evening when they saw a number of elderly lady cyclists scorching east- wards. "Man, Jeems," says Tam, "I believe cycling 'll de a lot o' gold tae wcemen ; it'll keep them trae gossiping aboot their neehors." "Well, Tam, I canna see two that cou'd ho," replied Jeems. "I'm inclined, tae think that it helps them tae run founk doon mair than ever." A RESPONSIBLE POSITION.—A mistress told her maid, Bettie, that she must not do things on her own responsibility, but first ask permission. The next day Bettie walked into the parlour and said, politely: "Please, madam, the cat is eating the duck in the pantry; must I stop her?"

HOCKEY. If one firm of manufalturers more than another keeps abreast of the times io the matter of Implements for bport, that firaa is Geo. G- Hussey & Co., of London, who are leading the wav again with their latest Improved " Demon Driver " Hockey Clubs which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for GGB lc Co.'s Sped Al Hockey Liat. If not procurable apply to 36 Pc 33 Queen Victoria Street, or 213 Regent Street. London. kaciories.—Peckham, London, and Blmswell, Suffoll‘. Advt. (2).

." Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office. Bewsey-street. Warrington. nat late than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted

===== 0002601_19001214_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'BALLS.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SACERDOTALISM. The Present Condition of the Christian Church.

Sermon by the Rev E, T. Reed

Pre,achin:.; on I.)ceember 2ad in the Eminanurl Reformed Church, Warrington, the Rev. E. I. Reed spoke in terms specially applicable to the occasion, which was the 27-h anniversl:ry of the organiz ition of the Reformed Episcopal Church His text was "Is there not a cause," Ist Samuel, 17, 29, and after tracing the history of the Reformed Church, and that of the Emmanuel Church in Warrington, Mr. fired alluded to the spi%.:ad of Sacerdotalisin and priest-craft in the Christian Church to-day. We extract too followi n from his remark; : And what is the condition nf the Christian Chareh in England at the present time ? Christians are divided into three great classes, Viz: First, those identified with the Established Church in this country. Sec-mdly, those who belong to other Protes:ant and Reform6d Christian Churches and who a:te usually called " Nonconformists," and thirdly, Roman Catholics.

In the Established Church there are three parties. First, the High Church or Ritualistic or Sacerdotal party largely the result of the Oxford movement, whose weekly organ is "The Church Times." The English Church Union exists for the purpose of propagating the views of this party. becondly, the Evangelical party whose object it is to uphold the doctrines of grace, the Protes- tant and Reformed character of the Church of England. It is represened in the press by such papers as " The English Churchman,"" Toe Rock." etc. The Church Association has for its object the maintenance and diss- emination of the principles and views of this party. Thirdly, the Broad Church party which is numerically the smallest of the three, and whose theological position it is somewhat difficult to define. Between the High Church or Ritualistic or Sacerdotal party, and the Evangelical or Protestant or Reformed party there is constant conflict. Upon certain points of doctrine they are diametrically eppesed. The two syetems, viz., the Sacerdotal on the one band, and the Evangelic at on the other are quite irreconcileable. The Church of England at the present time is a house divided against itself, and tloe fate of such a house awaits it. Either one party or the ite her must ultimately oust its epponent, and so far as appearances go, it would seem as though the Sacerdotal party were now much the stronger of the two. Notwithstanding tie most strenuous opposition on the part of Evangelicals, by means of the Church Association inside the law courts, and throughout the country, the Sacerdotal party has steadily hut surely pressed forward until the English Church Union has connected with it at the present time more than 4,000 clergy—bishops,- deans, archdeacons and priest', and lay members and associates numbering 35,000. At the head of this solid and formidable body is Lerd Halifax, an able and experienced leader. The manifesto rrcently put forth by this Union through its President, c:early indicates the position taken up upon one important point, viz., the presence of Christ in the Holy Communion. It is as fellows :—" The bread and wine through the operation of the Holy Ghost, become in and by consecration, verily and indeed the body and blood of Christ, and that Christ our Lord, present in the same most holy sacrament of the altar under the form of bread and wine is to be worshipped and adored."

"This," says Archdeacon Taylor of Liverpool, " is absolutely the dcctrine of the Council of Trent as re- gards the bodily presence of Christ in the sacrament, but is virtually transubsrantiation also, albiet the word is not used. In accordanco with this doctrine they de- mand, and, as far as they are permitted, practise, the six points of the Ritualistic charter-vestments, altar light, eastward p,isition, inc:hs,, mixed chalice, and wafer bread. Masses and nrayers for the dead are openly in full swing, and the sacrament of penance or auricular confession and sacramental absolution." "[here is not the least necessity," Archdeacon Taylor goes no to say, "for round table conferences or abortive cor.trivancea of that eort to try and reconcile Evangeli- cal Christianity and Romanism, a deep and broad leav- age the two. The bridge is not made which vidl unite th( m• In one word, the doctrines of the Ritualists are simply Romanism under an alias."

Until recently Nor conformists were not greatly moved by this internecine warfare between the S tcerdotal and Evangelical parties in the Es- tablished Church. Feeling secure in their own freedom from the errors of priestcraft they too much ignored the growing evil. The publication of Mr. Walsh'z book entit.ei " The Secret History of the Oxford Movement" undoubtedly did much to rouse the Protestant part of the nation outside the Eitablished Church to a real appreciation of the peril to the nation caused by that movement. Since then much has been said and done to spread information and to give instruc- tion. Excellent service has been rendered by the Rev. Dr. Horton by means of his little book entitlsd " Eng- lard's Dingcr " by Dr. Fairttairn and others, and many Christians who were formerly indifferent are now ready to resist Sac?rdotalisrn and to stand by the principles of Protestantism and the Reformation. For his faithful testitneny in the House of Commons, to these great and important principles, the tianks of all Evangelical Christians are duo to Mr. Samuel Smith, 51. P , and their prayers should continually be e,ffared that he may re- ceive Divine strength and guidance in the future. The Federation of the Evangelical Free Churches of this country has provided an organisation through which effective opposition may be offered to error and active assistance rendered to aggressive evangelical sniritual eff ‘rt by which alone these errors can be displaced,

What posirion than dos the Reformed Episcop3l Church occupy with respect to these various sections of Chrstians

To the doctrines and principles of the Sacerdotal party it can offer only the most uncempromising opposition. It believes that instead of receiving the Bread of Life by means of a priestly system and ornate services, it is receiving a stelae, and the Reformed Episcopal Church effers to all stich misguided and unsatisfied souls the pure Word of God,a scriptual liturgy freed from It omish error, and a simple worship which does not hinder the soul from having direct access to God. With respoct 4o the Evangelicel party, the Reformed Episcopal Church acknowledges the good they are doing in difficult circumstances. That there are many clergy and laity within the Established Church who have no sympathy with sacerdotalism and are in full accord with the principles and doctrines of Protestautism and the Reformation is an undoubted fact, but we feel that they are sadly hampered and hindered in their efforts by the fact that they remain in a church in which clergy and laity holding views diametrically opposed to theirs are also allowed te propagate their pernicious doctrines and practices. We fee!, moreover, that while the Book of Common Prayer is, upon the whole Evangelical and Prot, s'ant yet it also contains remarks of sacerdotal error which, so long as they remain there, will produce like results. We are of the opinion that instead of seendine our lives in a conflict which up to now has re- sulted in defeats and humiliations for the Evangelical party, wo shall do more effective work by building up a living spiritual church upon the sure foundation of the Word of God, a liturgy treed from Romish eerier, and a censtitution'which allows to the laity as well as to the clergy a full share in the goventneet of the church. Our attitude towards the Sacerdotal party in the Church of England defines our attitude towards the errors of the Church of Rome. We an of opinion that Roman Catholics allow themselves to hold many errors, along with the substratum of truth upon which their seetem i 3 built' What our attitude is towards all other Christian people cannot he better declared than in the words of Bishop Cammins on the occasion of the organization of our church. He then said :—" Towards all other Christie,' people, of like precious faith, our attitude is that only of love, of sympathy, and of earnest desire to co-operate with them in the extension of the kingdom of the Redeemer—both theirs and ours. We regard our movement only as a step towards the closer union of all Evangelical Christendom. For this we shall labour and pray. We gladly acknowledge the validity of the ministerial orders of our brethren whom God has sent into His vineyard, ard whose labours He has accepted and blessed. We shall invite ministers of all Evange- lical churches to occupy our pulpits and to take part in our services. And we shall rejoice to meet them and rhi in flecks as often as may be expedient around the Lord's ;table, ar d acknowledge that" we, being many, are one body in Christ, and members, one of another." Our text asks the question : Is there not a cause? It was David the shepherd who asked it. The armies of God were confronted by the armies of the Philistines with Goliath the giant of their champion .The Philistines were powerful and defiant. The Isnaelities were cowed and humiliated. Bit the man for the time and the occasion had been raised up and God delivered His people by means of David and his sing and stones. We, to-ea,', may ask the same question : Is there not a cause ? I have attempted to answer it. And it may be that in our own day and generation God will use our Reformed Episcopal Church to cast down the hoary. he ided giant of Sacerdotalism which has once again in our beloved land set at defiance the armies of the living God.

Wc are no strong or powerful numeri^ally,financially, or socially. We can be true, we can put ourselv( s ahgolutPly at God's disposal. and iu depondenco upon Him we cart ",ca forward and do a grand work,"

PRoFT.44oR SMITH. Busrvvßs Writing and BooKKE,P- -!NO Ac.tderny 47, GREENALL-9TREET, WARRINGTON, °pm every day and evening.—Advt. BRASS FIVDRR Suites aril Coal Vases in large varietv.—J. S. GAEL...rm. 51 to 55, Bridge•street —Advt. ABlt. or Cl/NNIISUHAIYI' HIGII-CLASS WAT NRS—Ad KITCHHISt RA.NGB3. Tile Grate., Marble an(-I Wood

Cbirnriev pieces. 'Lb. GARLAND,SI te 55. Bridge-st—Advt.

CURES OF ASTHMA, COUGHS, AND DISEASES OF THE CHEST HE DR. LOCoCICS PULNVINIC WAFERS. G. M. Twedtkell, Bur F.lt 6.. Author of " Shakespere's Times," &c.. Stokesler Yorkshire, wri'es :—" I have always found them to give immediate relief to myself, my wife, and children in diffimlty of breathing, coughs, and affections of the lungs, and witnessed th,-.ir good effects on friends who were asthmatical.' They taste pleasantly. Price Is 141 and Zs 9d pa' box. Sold by all Druggists. Adv. (5).

===== 0002601_19001214_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

Warrington V. Aitrincham.

Warrington played their return match with Altrincham on Saturday, and with the exception of Fish were fully represented. The attendence at the Devisdale enclosure was satisfactory, considering the counter attraction at Stockport, where several of the Altrincham players were engaged. Isherwood, losing the toss, was deputed to commerce against the wind, and the opening phases of the game were witnessed in the Altrincham quarters. Twice the visiting bac'-er broke away, but accurate tack- ling upset calculations. Barnett cleared out the invaders, and a beautiful movement between Duckworth, Isherwocd, Dickenson, and Hockenhall saw the last- named open the seoring,placing the ball behind the posts for Isherwood to place a goal. The locals improved some- what after this reverse, but their e!Zorts lacked method, 3nd Hallam had little difficulty in keeping them in check. Another return to the attack saw bold efforts made by Mereweather, Swift and Isherwood to cross, and it was left to a sham movement between Duckworth and Harris to augment the score, the three-quarter dribbling over and scoring near the corner flag. fhe major por- tion of the attack was in favour of Warrington ; but a damper was nut on the proceedings, when Harris was ordered (If for some Infringement. Although short- handed, the Warriegtcnians more than held tlvir own. Bradshaw negotiated a fine run,which was responded to by Hallam, and at the call of the interval Warrington led by eight points. During the second half, and with the wind in their favour, the visitors were constantly on the attack, and after Mereweather, who took the place vacated by Harris had made a dash for the line, Eden scored. Altrincharn failed to make headway against the superior play of the Warrington backs, and Burgess with a tricky movement scored a try, whiist near the close the visiting forwards rushed the ball over and the elder, Swift scored near the posts, Isherwood concluding the day' scoring by placing a goal, the final aggregate read- ing :—Warrineton, two goals, five tries (19 points). Altrincharn, nil.

NORTHERN UNION CHAMPIONSHIP

Cheshire v. Lancashire.

This match in tlz. Northern Union County Champior- ship Competition came off at Stockport on Saturday and attracted a large nutnly.r ot spectator. It soon became apparent the Ccstrians were no match for the Lanca- shire playprg, who had matters much th,ir own way— more especialiy during the Fecond half—aod won by six goals and six tries to nil. Field (tw(), N. Williams (two), Davies and Moffatt scared the tries, and Ferguson kicked all six goals.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Bramley v. Bradford.

A great surprise was furnished by this cont, st at Bramiey, as Bradford, the leaders in the competition, were defeated by Bramley, who are nearly at the bottom of the record talo!e. by a goal and a try to a try. Murgatroyd first scored for Bra,tford, but Lomas responded with a try, which he ccnverel.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Manningham v. Brighouse Rangers.

During the opening half at Manningham the play was fairly even, but afterwards the R‘ngers gained the upper hand and won by two goals and two tries to a try (Wilsou). Saville, Denham. Rawlinson, and Walker al3O played well for their respective sides. Hunslet v. Hull Kingston Rangers.

After a hard struggle at litilelet, the home side won by the margin of a single poii.t. For the winners Albert Goldthorpe dropped one goal and placed another from Wilson's try, whilst Guy twice got behind for the Rangers, who lost by six points to seven. Wakefield Trinity v. Leeds. Playing upon their own ground,the Trinitarians gained the upper hand, and won easily by two goals and three tries to a goal (Lumley). Goodyear. Whitaker. and Metcalfe got the winners' tried, ani the first and last- named, their goals. Holbeck v. Huddersfield.

The visitors had a little the better of the play al throueh this game, at Eio!beck, and at, the close they were declared the winners by three tries to a goal.

Hull v. Liversedge.

Hull, playing at home, hadlan easy task. At the in- tervil they led by threo trus, and eventually won by 30 points to nil.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
:"A" TEAMS COMPETITION.

Leigh Defeated at Warrington.

This engagement attracted about 1,000 spectator,: to the Wilderspool enclosuie on Saturday. Leigh won the toes and Warrington kicked (.ff again.: the wind. The home team at once pressed and a passing movement be- tween Lawless and Ratcliffe almost resulted in a try,the latter player missing the ball when near tha line. Leigh made a rush into the Warrington quarter but Knight cleared in flue style. Eventur.lly, from a scrimmage at rentre Isherwood secured, and dedging Garrity and Knight, scored the visitors' first and only try after a fine run. The kick at goal was a failure. Half-time. Leigh three pointe,Warrington nil. Warrington held the uppr,r hand during the whole of the second half and Ratcliffe scored a try, which Lawless converted. Final Warrington five points, Leigh three points. LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE. Flixton v. Salford "A.'

At Fl'xtqn, on S.aturday- Final Sifori " A," 20 poists ; Fiixton. three. Runcorn Juniors v. Latchford Rangers.

At Halton on Satorday. Latchford commencol, Richardson returning. Rramhall lost the ball wheia on the line. Finnigan scored for Latchford, Laangle. failing at goal. Limas aiso sewed, and Ll'ehlord had much the best or matters. Half-time : Ls'cliford, one goal. two tries ; Juniors. nil. Final : Runcorn Juniors, ono goa!, two tries (eight points) ; Latchford, oae goal, two tries (cight point ,). Runcorn " A "v. Runcorn Fins.

Thisi friendly fixture tok place on the Runcorn ground last Saturday afternoon, and was witnessed by a lair crowd of interested eiyetators. The Wcreation losing the toss had to face a smart breeze ; but, notwithstand- ing, maintained a footing in the Runcorn quarters for somc. minutes. Smart passing betwe:.n the Runcorn backi brought about a change of venue, but Dunbavin again placed Re creatirm on the attack by a run half the length of the field. Operations were then confined to centre, until some quick pasAing gave Moran a chance of which he availed himself and Hughes kicked a goal from the place. Dunbavin then showed up strongly for the Recreation, and scored a try, the goal-kick fai'ing. Henceforward the home team diTlayed considerabe superiority especially in the back diviaion and Morau and C Butterworth each scored a try, u hilst Ingleafield dropped a goal. At half- time Ru-corn A. leu by 15 points to 3. In tbe secand halt Recreation defended grandly contesting every inch

YOU OUGHT TO KNOW. That Hoidroyet's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Ltravel, Lurchago, Pains in the Back Droosy. Wind, Water Comp!aints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Oran, t•tone, Gout, Sciatica and Rheuma- tism. Try one box ; if not satisfied, money returned. Is. OA. all Chemists. Post free, 12 stamns.—HOLD- ROYD'S MBDICAL HALL, CLECKLEHATON YORKS.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
pILES AND INDIOESTION CURED

===== 0002601_19001214_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
If you hive PILES do not neglect and allow thorn to .assurne worse forms ; Fistula rnsy follow.

KEUTY'S CURE is the only safe and eff.e'ual remedy for inward. outward, .nd bleeding Piles or Fistula. It nets like a charm on the Blood. and causes them to disappear like mAgic. It is a positive cure for the most ;acute forms of Chronic Indigestion Dizziness or Fainting Fits, Sick Headache, Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince you. price Is. 14d. Sold be all Chemists and Stores. Post paid Lora

KEUTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.—Open Meeting.

Wycliffe Church was well filled on Sunday afternoon, when the periodic open meeting was hi•ld and members of both sexes were admitted. The ch iir wig occupied by Mr Thomas Birchall, J.P„ ho delivered an address. He based his remarks on Wirdsworth's " We live by admiration, hope and love." In an interesting way he showed that life would he much happier and brighter if admiration of Goers works and hope and love entet ed into it more fully.—The Rr,v F G West, of Liverpool in the course of his address said he was glad to be present to help in such a good work as was carried cm by the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There were some who thought the P.S.A.. movement was an entertaintnent business. It it were merely that, it would have been given up long ago. The aim of the promoters was that those who attended should get everlasting good. The speaker then sp-Ace (in the words " Believe of the Lord Jesus Christ." Mr E Whitehouse sang two so•os in an efficient manner. Mr WEI Payton, NT U 9 B , presided at the organ. The Nervicei *as also tak ,n part in by the Rev Yonge and Mr Healy. A collection was taken in aid of the funds of the F.' ciety.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
, Emmanuel Church.—Missionary Services and Meeting.

The Rev. ALBERT EVANS, of the China Inia.ed Mission, who is now on turlough in England aecompanied by his wife, preached at Emmanuel Church, Bold-street, on Sunday, There were good conpregatinne, and the rev. gentleman's discourses were listened to with great attention.—On Monday evening a well attended public meeting was eetel in the schoolroom over A rpley Station. Mr and Mrs Evans appeared in Chinese costume and de- liver'd interesting addressee on the work of the mission. A nunaher of Chinese curios were exhibited. In the course of his opening remarks the Rev. E. T. Reed (vicar) who presided, said they regarded it as a great honour that Mr. and Mrs. Evans were their guests on this occasion, and for this reason, that the canine of the missionary was the highest, the most self-sacrificing the most beneficent of all callings. They believed with Dr. Samuel Smiles that " The career of a missionary is the most dutiful and heroic of all He carries his life in his hand. He braves danger and death. He lives amongst savages, sometimes amongst cannibals. Money could not buy- the devotion with which he encounters peril and miery. Be is only untr-11 by the mission of mercy with which he is charged." (Applause.) The missionary was engaged in co-operating with God in carrying out His great purpose of bringing blessing to the whole world through the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jecu-r Christ. The station at which the laboure of Mr. and Mrs. Evans had recently been carried on was no Les' then two ref 1.• sand miles from Shanghai, in the Province of Western China. Altogether, in coming home they travelled over a distance of thirteen thousand miles by land and river and sea. (Applause). Mrs. Evatas then gave an address with reminiscences of her life among the Chinese. During the cours, of her remarks she expressed the hope that they worild have the joy of welceming some of her hearers in the mission field (Applause),—Mr. Evans, at the outset, referred to the present cendition of China l and the cause of all the terrible cart:reeks and , awful messacrea which had taken place. On landing in England he learnt to his surprise that the Press had been ' very liberally blaming the poor missionary for all the troubles in China, and everywhere he found h s fellow. workers on furlough trying to defend the miasiena y and missionary work from the charges brought against them. If they regarded the outrages as caused by the missionary, and thought he was to blame, they were very far wrong. It seemed to him that it required only a very superficial study of the subject to see that the outbreaks were very much more anti-foreign anti politi- cal than they were anti-missionary or religious nerßeeh- tient+. The majority of them left a part of China not because the country was in a state of unrest, or great massacres had taken place, but because a great political movement was in progress. A great anti-foreign rising I was spreading all over the country, and they felt it vr as I not merely a question of their own personal sa.fety, but a question of saving the converts from persecution by l their abser cc. The troubles in China were against the missionary not because he was a missionary hut because he was a foreigner. That opinion was widely shared by those who knew anything about the present condition of China. If he were asked why they went to carry on missionary w Irk in China he sle.ull briefly warmer the question by referring to the words of the 16:h chapter of St Mark "Go and preach the gospel unto all nations." Pro- ceeding the speaker referred in a highly interesting way to the characteristics of the Chinese, including their perseverance, thriftiness and superstition The pro- ceeeings concluded with the singing of the Doxology.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. J. Carter Bell, A.R.S.M., &c., Analyst to the County of Chester, reports : "I have analysed a sample of Messrs. Thomas Foden and Co.'s Horse and Cattle Food and I find it to be of excellent feeding quality, a splendid tonic, and free from any adulteration." (Signed) J. CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M., &c.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE BEER.

BOLTON BROS.,

MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
GUARANTEE

All BITTER BEER, STOUT, or PORTER, as being

Brewed from MALT and HOPS only. They also

===== 0002601_19001214_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
GUARANTEE

all their ALES to be PURE. FREE FROM ARSENIC.

or any other poisonous ingredients.

They have received the following certificate :

Health Department, Municipal Offices, Warrington, December let, 19:,T.

Dear Sir,—l am glad to Inform you that a sample of

beer taken from the Exchange Inn is free from arsenic.

Yours sincerely,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH KNOWING

That JOHN WALKER AND Co., Printers. Bewsey-street, Warrington, can effectually assist you in any department of your business, having unrivalled facilities, can give you GOOD WORK, PROMPTLY. PUNCTUALLY. and at cheap rates. When next you have any PRINTING, BOOK-BINDING, OR LITHOGRAPHING consult us for prices &e. Your inquiries will be cheerfully responded to. ESTIXATES FREE. CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A WAGGONER'S COLLAPSE.

Mr. Jehn File Parker, a waggoner, pursues his daily toil at Ebenezer Cottage, Spratling-street Firm. Rams- gate. The Kent Argus says that he is now of middle age, hale, hearty ana vigorous: but he said " A few years ago I was laid up for sixteen weeks with sciatica. I had frightful pains in the hip, and could only drag my- self about with the aid of sticks. I was under a doctor for twelve weeks; at the end of this I could only crawl. I tried every remedy I could think of, in vain, until I read of the cures effected by Dr. Williams' pink phis and purchased a box. The very first box did me good ; with the second box the improvement was still more marked, and before I had finished the third box I was once more fit for work. tiothing but Dr. Williams' pink pills cured me, and I have never felt any return of the complaint since." Sciatica, rheumatism, bronchitis, indigestion, bile, St. Vitus' dance, paralysis, anmoaia, and numerous other disorders bave been cured by the same means. The genuine pills always bear the full title (seven words) Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people: the public should make quite sure ef getting Dr. Williams'. So many cures have lately been effected, that the remedy deserves widespread attention.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR RINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1903 Pts. Sept. For Agst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford horne 10 7 15 St. Helens home Cl 0 22 Stockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 Oct. 6 Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 Lane. • Cumber. away 21 2 20 Altrincham 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. 3 Lane. • York ••• ...101.0 home 24 5 3 Widnes(iLW.L.S:B.T. Cup Comp)home 21 7 10 Rochdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 24 St. Helens away 7 0 Dec. 1 Widnes 8 Lane. • Cheshire away 30 0 ' 8 Altrincham away 19 0 15 Salford away 22 Oldham home 25 Xmas Day 26 hunoorn home 29 Rochdale Hornets away Jan.

1 5 Swinton away 12 Wigan home 19 Millom away 26 Barrow borne Feb. 2 Oldham away Leigh away 5 Broughton Rangers £3 Stockport home Mar. 2 Cup Tie 9 Cup Tie 16 23 Cop Tie 33 Cup Tie Apt. 5 Goal Friday 6 Millom 8 B M Leigh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

===== 0002601_19001214_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. ..900. Pts, ept. For Agst 1 Barra. home 10 5 8 S WilltoTl away 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 11 0 29 Millom away 5 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 6 2 13 Widnes away 0 10 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warrington home 10 8 Nov. 3 Stockport away 5 :1 10 Cheshire v Cumberland, Cheshire 11 3 17 Wigan home 34 5 24 Salford away 10 11 Dec. 1 Barrow away 4 8 8 Cheshire v Lancashire Cheshire 0 30 15 Stockport home 22 Wigan away 26 Warrington away 2: Leigh home 1901. Jan. 5 Rochdale Hornets away

12 Millom home 19 Leigh away 26 Salford home Feb. 2 Swinton _home 9 Broughton Rangers P way 16 St. Helen. home 23 Oldham. away Mar, 2 Cup tie 9 Cup tie 23 Cup tie ao Cup tie .. Apl. 5 ((ood Friday). 6 , Widnes

WIDNES FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900. Pte Scpt. For Apt 1 Warrington 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow ! home 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 If, Leigh home 2 3 Oct. 6 Salford 13 Runcorn home 10 0 27 Rochdale Hornets away 0 13 Nov. 3 Warrington(S.W.L.&B.T.Cupo.)away 7 20 10 Broughton Rangers home 0 17 17 Oldham away 2 9 24 Stockport home 5 0 Dec. 1 Warrington , away 7 10 15 Swinton home 22 Millom away 29 St. Helens home 1901. ' Jan. 5 Oldham home 12 Broughton Rangers away 19 Barrow away 26 Millom home Feb. 2 Leigh away 9 St. Helena away 16 11.chdale Hornets home 23 Salford home Mar. 16 Stockport away April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

===== 0002601_19001214_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ET, HELENS FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. 193% Pte. Sept. For. Agst. 1 Broughton R borne 5 3 8 Rochdale H. home 10 3 15 Warrington away 0 0 22 Puncorni... 29 Wgan . . i .home 16 0

Oct. - 6 Stockport home 3 n 13 Oldham away n 22 27 Atinom —home 2 4 Nov. 3 Wigan(S.W.L.B;B.T. Cup Comp.)home 7 0 10 Wigan away 3 8 17 Salford home 2 13 24 Warrington home 0 7 Dec. 1 Stockport away 0 5 15 Oldham home ------

22 Broughtonß away 26 Leigh away 29 Widnes away 1911. Jan. 5 Birrow away 12 Leigh ................................. . 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale H. away Feb. 2 Salford 9 Widnes 16 Runcorn ,tway 23 Millom away Mar. 16 Swinton away April. 6 Barrow' home

There is Security in A few tz3rnmc=rthusti CARTE"S N4‘ ITTLEof IVER Small Pill. prroiscee. PILLS SOZODONT

Will Sweeten t Breath all day and make all the diticrence tween— - -•

Absolutely Cure Sick Headache, Ifii lio usnes s, Torpid Liver. Indi- gstion. Constipation, Dizziness. Furred Tongue. They To.ll the Liver.

_ ;300 Teeth and Bad Teeth. VhitO 'Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Pretty Teeth and IJEIy Teeth

be sure they are ,FALL___E s•

"SC Wb Ccinplete in TGilet "IvoLt. Fcv.cler, a4o.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
--te"

-

• , _ _ _ _ _ , -64

~.-.-NadiAoll'444lft

===== 0002601_19001214_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Go'borne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r .rn. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are 7elegraph Oixes also

WALL Boxhis— ;Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Giolborne Legh Street. „ • Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) arcels are despatched from the Receiving Orrice at Earle own at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the en e me as letters.

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p m. 8.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 83) a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 pap. 7.19R.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. , Nll.

3 FOLLOWS:-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen , 7-0 a.m.

7-0 a.m. 13-30 „ 10-45 .. 111-30 .. .!.11-4b i

11-30 aan.

1 12-0

12-15 p.m .

2-15

5-30 p.m,

===== 0002601_19001214_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotlaud and Foreign London and the South Frodaham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, 13.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham. Northum- ber:and, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, Southport.Preseot. Wigan, Orme- kirk Widu & Farleatmi n London. Foreign, and the Ronth Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester ..................... . Manchester London and Foreign, South. S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Fastern, Midland, Northern, eastern Countir, , & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. W Jolston, Stockton ' Heath and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S-1 Eastesu Counties

3-15 a.m.

6-5 a.m.

F

To MOTIIERR.—Mrs., Winrlow'a Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their hildren while teething. with perfect sucess. It will relieve the poorsufferer itnnaediat.ly It is ple.i.ant to taste ; and produces natural seep. oy relieving the child from pain an I the ittib ishernb awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists is le per bottle. •Advt.

VALTIABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair h turning grey or white or falling of/ use th 4 MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore in every case. grey or white hair to its original coloui. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3a 6d per bottle. dut•

CLARKWS P al PILLS are warranted to cure. in eito sex. all acquirer nr constitutional Discharges frora th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from P.ll-eronry llstabllrhovi upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. tici ach, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th ough ut the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers 'Dlr. incein and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— A dvt.

FLORILINE !—Pon THE TEETH AND BREITH.—ThOrOVIZWY cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, preyi.nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whitonPss and a dejightful fragrance to the breath. Price gs. 6d. for the liquid, or Ic. per jar for the Florillns " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. Addy

For the past quarter of a century there has bee continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the trolv wonderful cures effected by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood Pur!iier that, science and Medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Disease, Pimples, and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a tria to test its value. Sold everywhere. at 2s. 9d. 'per bottle ware of worthiesimitations and substitutes. —Advt (6)

===== 0002601_19001214_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra Id. Stamp

===== 0002601_19001214_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_19001214_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 q..m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECENII3ER, 14, 190 C

===== 0002601_19001214_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE BURIAL ACT, 1900.

[By COUNCILLOR F. R. ROBERTS, M.A., LL.B.]

The new Burial Act comes into force on the Ist, of January, 1901. Until then the status quo is main- tained. As regards churchyards the act does not apply at all. It is therefore necessary simply to consider what effect the act will have in moditying the law now governing the rights and remuneration of ministers of religion in respect, of interments in cemeteries, the word " minister" being employed to iticlade all types and classes of persons entitled by law to officiate at such interments. it will be convenient to state generally that the main objects of the Act are (1) to abolish the fanciful and absurd methods of paying ministers of religion for interments, now in force : and (2) t 3 secure that the person actually officiat- ing shall alone receive the pay. hitherto the extent of the remuneration has been partially disguised under the terms " surplice fee "—a fee amount- ing in some cases to as much as us 21 ; the us being presumably for the clergyman and the 2d for the washerwoman—a fee paid to the clergyman in ad lition to the fee which nakedly appeared as the clergyman's. These fees have evidently been reearded as payable tolthe clergyman in right of his office and not in respect of his services ; hence it matters not whether the clergyman, his eurute, or a Non conformist minister does the work ; in all cases the incumbent is paid the fees. Now the Burial Act 1900 rudely disturbs this happy state ot things and in the most vulgar and democratic way possible en- dorses the apostolic dictum that if a man will not work neither shall he eat, It will be convenient to consider the Act as it affects(l) consecrated ground, and (2) unconsecrated ground. (1) It will have been gathered from what has been said, that under certain circumstances a Non- conformist minister could and can inter in con- secrated ground. Until 1880,however it was not so. But by the Burial Act 1880, a Nonconformist minis- ter might be employed by his people to inter in consecrated ground. Of course the question may be asked why a Di,senter should wish to be so interred To this the answer is that in articalo a man may and sometimes does attach importance to the "odour of sanctity," and accordingly may express a desire for consecrated burial. But in the great majority of such interments the simple explanation is that some member of the deceased's family father, mother, wife, or child— may lie buried in a consecrated grave and the wish to be put by their side is but one oE the dictates of natural affction. Until 1880 the Dissenter pat into such a grave had to be buried by consecrated hands and his own minister had either to stay away or stand by as a spectator. But though the Act accorded this measure of justice to Nonconformists it also provided that the burial fees should as before go to the clergyman. This was one of those compi omises so dear to the British statesman's heart, compromises which, whilst admitting a wrong, compensate the man who does it. And now we get at the gist of the new Act. In new cemeteries , all ministers of religion are to receive the fees which the Act compels the authorities—in our case the Town Council—to fix by way of remuneration for actull services rendered. That is to say that the Rev. Smith, Brown, Jones,or Robin- aon,the Episcopalian,the Nonconformist, the Roman Catholic, all alike will receive one fee ; a fee which will not be masqueraded under the name of " sur- plice," " clerk " or any other disguise but will be fixed, plain, and unmistakable. So far for new cemeteries, whether the ground ha consecrated or unconsecrated. _ - -

But with regard to old cemeteries (i e. in being before 1901) whilst the new fees will apply to all ministers of religion burying in unconsecrated ground the rights (legally so called) of the present incumbents of the town are safeguarded in the following manner ;—For 15 years from the Ist January next such incumbents will be entitled not only to the old fees but to all fees now payable in respect of interments in constcrated ground by whomsoever the interments are carried out. If such incumbents lie beyond the 15 years then their rights are preserved so long as they live. (Some doubt exists as to whether in a Cuss of such in- cumbents dying or resigning before the expiration of 15 years their successors, will take their places under the Act for the unexpired portion of the 15 years. To my mind, however, it is clear that such successors would be so privilegeJ.) (2) Little need be said about unconsecrated gronad. All ministers of religion whether incum- bents or dissenters will be entitled only to the fee now fixed by the Cemetery Committee, and only then if they have in person discharged the duties at the grave aide. A great deal has been said about the scale of fees, and I understand that one or two of our local clergy are somewhat diF-- mayed by the prospect before them. Why? Is it a question of vested interests? Then the 15 years' enjoyment of the present rate of pay whether earned or not should satisfy any reasonable man. A lironconfornoist might even be tempted to go further and say that com- pulsory fees whether for services rendered or not are repugnant to the religious spirit. But we will let that pass. Assuming that tee 15 years' exemp- tion had no existence and that the new scale ap- plied at once could it be said that ministers of religion had been harshly treated ? Let us consider the question just one moment. It appears that in the pass one scale of fees has been payable in res- pect of a morning and another for an afternoon in- terment. For some occult reason known only to the clergy, a much higher fee has been charged in respect of the morning than of the afternoon in- terment, such moraines fee (with the aid of the sur- plice and the wastierwoman),in some cases amount- ing to 325; whilst in the afternoon the fee has been on the average 3; 61. Curi- ously enough fees have varied in proportion to the distance of the grave from the cemetery chapel, contemptible as such a method of assessment annears to be. What has been the result of this differentiation ? That the interments in the morn- ing have been very few—some 30 per annum —and confined exclusively to the well-to-do. The boast of thelChurch of England that she is the church of the poor is not borne out in this instance. By her heavy demands at the graveside she has given

the rich a monopoly of the quiet morning hours. in ninety-nine cases out of one hundred therefore the tees paid to the clergyman for burials have been payable lin respect of afternoon services, about 3s 6d. per interment.

What does the npw scheme propose? For morn- ing interments a fee of lOs ; for afternoon 3s.

did my best both in the co.nmittee and in the Council to reduce the lOs to is 6d. For this I have been severely taken to task. I am asked if I should care to meet a client in the neighbourhood of the Cemetery in a morning for 7s 6d. My reply is that at all events I should get the same fee whether morning or afternoon. But that is not the question. It one had to argue the point I should say that the whole system of burial fees ought to be swept away, and that ministers of religion should discharge these sad offices for such reward as the affection and respect of the living would bring them. But so long as the law requires that a fee shall be paid, the only question for us is what is a fair fee? I contend that the suggested scale is fair having in mini not only the incomes of the clergy but also the grinding poverty of the poor. Let it be remembered that from inquiries made by the committee the scale proposed here is seen to be in advance of any scale yet adopted under the Act by any town. For testi- mony I refer your readers to the statement by the chairman of the committee at the Council meeting. In conclusion may I say that in a report which has appeared of my remarks at the Warrington Town Council meeting I am made to say things which certainly I never did say. Your own report, which I have seen, is accurate, and I abide by it, and I think your readers will agree that it is consistent with what I have written here. F. R. R JBERTS.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MRS. KIERNAN.

The news ot. the death of Mrs Kiernan, proprietress of the Patten Arms Hotel, Warrington, will come as a painful surprise to many in Warrington and district. On Tuesday last week she was found dead in bed at he residecce, Borholm, Tnelwall. Abut a month ago the deceased lady was taken ill, and was attended by Dr. White.but she recovered and seemed to have many years of useful life before her. There was no indication that the end was so near and her sudden death came as a shock to her family and relatives. Her position as proprietress of the Patten Arms Hotel introduced her to a wide circle of frien is and acquaintances by whom she was greatly rsepected and esteemed. She was the wife of the late Mr Thomas Bernard Kiernan, vs ho pre- deceased her aoout two anl-a-half years, and was the daughter of the late Mr B Ficnigan, of Manchester. Sne was 57 years of age. The grave closed over the remains of the deceased lady on Friday, at the Warrington Cemetery. Bequium mass was celebrated at 10 o'clock at St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Buttermarket-street, the celebrants being the Rev. Father Wilson, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Mercer and the Rev. Fatties Baynes. The other clergy present were the Rev. Dean Finnegan, of Apple- ton, Rev. Father Whittle, Rev Father Crsw, Rev Father Duggan, and the Rev Father Ryan, who per- formed the last rites at the grave side. The cortege left the hotel shortly before eleven o'clock,the chief mourners being Mr W Kiernan, (London), Mr F Klernan, Miss May and Miss Kitsy Kiernan (sons and daoglaters), Mr A Finnigan (brother), MISS Flani- gan (sister). Messrs W F and Et Finnigan (nephews) Mr J Finlay (Altrincham), Mr Joseph Finlay (Manches- ter). Amongat those present in the church ware Dr Adarrr, Dr White, Alderman Francomb, Councillor W Pierpoint, Mr J Lyon Whittle, Mr Longslin, Mr R Connor, Mr E A Connor, Nit. S Wright, Mr Picisavance and Mr Booth (representing the Cycle Club). Mr C Leigh (represen:ing the Nomads Cycling Clvb), Mr Bradshaw (representing the Warrington Association Football Club), Mr W J Robson (representing the Caledonian Association), Mr Gordon, night staticsimaster at Bank Quay (represent- ing London and North Western Railway staff). Lett •es had been received fram the following gentlemen regret- ting their inability to attend Worship the Mayor (Alderman Roberts), Mgr Pro. Creekwell, Rev Dr Casartedi, Rev Father McCarthy, Mr Voisey Mr Main- waring, and Mr Daintith. Over 60 flsral tributes had been received. Amongst those who had sent them were :—The Warrington Cycling Club, Nomads Cycling Club, Warrington Association Football Club, London and North-Western Railway staff, yard staff at the Patten, indoor staff at the Patten, members of the Ca:edouian Association, servants at Bsrholm, Thelwall, :he children of the deceased lady, William, Ava and Babe (London), Mr and Mrs Finniaan (Manchester), "Sister Emily," Mr and Mrs Arthur Finnigan, "Charlie Finnigan," Alder- man and Mrs Franconab, Mr Heyldia (St. Helene Cable Company). Mr and Mrs Arthur Browne, Mr and Mrs Bsrsi (Eleaton Mersey), Miss Kate O'Donnell and Miss Fleming (Fatten Arms), Mr and Mrs T Sal. (Manchester), Mr H Finnigan, Mr and Mra Fin- ley, Mr Joseph and Cissie Finnigan, Mr and Mrs Baiter (Lower Walton), Mr and Mrs Main waring and family, Mr and Mrs Eecles and daughters, Mr and Mrs W B Houghton, Mr and Mrs Newall (Patten Arms), Mr and Mrs Connor, Mr E Connor and Mrs Lightburn, Mr and Mrs it Connor, Me Urrneton (Manchester), Mr John Mes.gb 'nclon), Mrs .1 E Wright and family, Mr E Keating (Cslwya Bay), Mrs Fleming and family, Mr and Mrs It Johnson.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Ryiands Brothers Cricket Club'

In connection with the above Club a knife and fork tea, and smoking concert was held at the Pelican Hotel on Friday the 7th instant, when up- wardtlof 40 members and friends sat down to tea which was served up in Mr Chalmers' best style. After full justice had been done to the good things provided, the smoking concert was proceeded with, Mr H II Field taking tile chair in the absence of the President of the club, Mr W P Ryland, and was supported by Councillor T J Hulse as vice-chair- Numerous toasts were proposed, and duly bononred " The Quell," "President," "Cricket Club." Songs were given by Messrs W II Ireland, T Reddish, W Moores, and H Hudson all of which were well received, 31. r Ireland having to oblige with encores in each instance. Mr E A Sanders supplied the humorous part of the enter- tainment, and his recitations were tighly diverting. Mr Bert Smith gave solos on the piano, and accom- prinied during the evening with his usual good taste and ability. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and vice-chairman, and an exceedingly enjoyable evening was brought to a close by staging the National Anthem,

MOURNING—Ask to see the New "W4VBRA" Cloth. Very smart and serviceable for Black Dresses. Also a cholae assortment of other makes.—W. T. WlLLuxti. Sankey-street and Legh-street.—AdYt.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LINUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. FOR INDIGESTION 8 ITS EVILS SICH•HEADACHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT- • AN AGREEABLE APERIENT.'44'

i 1:, .' '-t '.,-7-, . .i'7 ' ,;

iV,Ne 11C PILLS. •:- •:. • CURE FACEACHE & NEURALGrit

REFUSE SUBST/TUTES. SOLD BYALL CYEMISTS THROO.LHOLIT GREAT BRI TAIM & TCLO&

===== 0002601_19001214_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING, BOOKBINDING, LITHOGRAPHY, &C.,

Executed with

P ROMP TMNESS AND DESPATCH.

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

===== 0002601_19001214_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WORTH CUInEA A MOX.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
. , .4-n,M7k e, '"4l' 1'4:4 , • • ^ ,r• 7 •• "4. "44.441 • AK - *A. • • 4., 4t.r:4 - ‘., • •. *IV, '

'OR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Slick lizadache. Constipathm, Wine%

Weak Stomaohl impajrati aitv,estiog,

Disorderel Litfer & Fernae Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BP.IVIIA3I, St. Helens. Lancashire, in boxes, is. 11d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

One of the 4 "Sights of London."

The Grandest AS,' ivtl. Collection of PreEents ?AN , 4N'T 44:12P"' - in the World. V

Otriatax coral= ALL nnuovuarnas. nr• Ara. orcal:rendrs,•an,cl raieve the CZ& tressino to PnK;cdent with the sex. Boxmlili & 2/9 (eorir.- tithes the quantity), of all Ohemlsts. Sor.t on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, byE. T. TO WL1...- Alaanfacturere, Dryden St.,. Nottingham. Peocte of Iraitatirms,ivair. and wor:hrotr.

MANLY MEN' Why suffn from paha. 7nd misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Was: ing Weakness P Send for my book, which shows h9w every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACIEL MEDICINE or ELECTEICITY. :

Specimens of letters received. au guaranteed genui " I cannot Mid words to express am. I used to think I never would gee cure 1. I with I bad seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have mixed many pounds.—G F M."

I nave card .d out your Instruction's, and am noW pair fert:y Book eent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LI:IGH, 92 and 93, L..t rest Bunnell Street, London', W.C. Send t one. ?Ind bi curf.d 12 Years Continuous Suoceso

SYIVIINGTON

.1;r: . : , . e • . • • . < . -r • gy ' . 4,11,k44-%-1,416. • it,-L •

T 14 POYAL .'''' .:- - ,t ' - ~BuST-ECI .11 • ;.- 41. LE,V- LLS ~. ~.:,,,,,,,E.-,4„ ~,,,c,...„ J.:4:.!...-;;;,:44,`,..,'" , wus ...-.4.1.111111•Mill

===== 0002601_19001214_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes dacious cofThe in a cnoment. Nu trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles. from all 101-0-

Grocers.

DUARANTEED PURE.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NRW FEINCT-1 REMEDY.

THF-tt pf()XT - This succcseful and highly popular n-medv. se era played in the Continental Hospitals t,37 llicord flostanjobt-rt. Velocity, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots. t lotciie, pains sod swell. Inge of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, disciaarces, pis, grvel. pains in the a :wk. rheu- matism, gout, ey...aostion.siceplcasness,nervonr ad ph vsica ability, etc. Therapi.in is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1, 2. and 3 according to diseases for wr sett Intend Full particulars send stamped addressed enva lope

pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD•SQUARE, LONDON, W. 12 .

===== 0002601_19001214_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19001214_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_19001214_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
1 , 1 1 , } i ' ‘ •• t. 4 ' 1 • ' t ‘ , „ • , ..• ' .. , ' 1 ' 1 ' i ' i $ :I ) i f 4 : 1 .1 , : I i i I 1 , 1 1 1 . i i ....-, , ~.,: tt , • ti,tii.itt , :t ik )- , ,) .1 ..- '. 1, 4 1 • 1 14, i 11 r. , i I 1 • i ' I i * t r : , 1 1 ' 1 I i 1 I , i , [ , r ' , 1 1 1 i 1 -I. -. 1,.. • 1,

4 ; •

===== 0002601_19001214_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
, t i.---- j -!!...,..\ 4.4.1 t, _- ~ . _ ~ , _ ~._ _,.._ , . . . .... . _ „, __ __ ______________________

[We have deleted from Mr. Pemberton's letter some references to a local company which we do not con.ider necessary to his argument or fair to the said company. EDITOR 6' EXAhMfER.I

•

_

===== 0002601_19001214_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
letters the Obttor.

Lights on Vehicles.

Sir,— I notice in your report of the Town Council pro- ceeding of last weok that "owing to th. Watch Corn- =Me having received a memorial from thc carriers and Carting agents asking them to so alter the bye-law with respect to lights on vehicles, that it shall only apply to vehicles proceeding faster than walking paw.," that the Town Clerk has been instructed to obtain informatim as to what is done in ether towns. On behalf of the vast number of cyclist in the War- rington district allow me to most emphatically protest against such a procneding. The National Cyclists Union and the Cyclista 'Touring Club have spent valuable time and large sums of money in tryirg to get thol Universal Lights on Vehicles Bill passed through Parliament, but Owing to pressure of other business and the small amount of time allowed for private measures, unfortun- ately they have not,m.t with the success they so greatly deserve. The County Councils and also a large number of the city and Town Councils (of which Warrington is one) have helped to mak. matters easier by passing bye- laws in their own respective districts which practically 'fleet the case. Now, at the insdzation of a few cart owners who want to saver a paltry shilling or two in oil per annum, our Watch Committee is asked to alter a bve-law which ' has proved invaluable,and thug jeopardize the lives and limbs of hundreds of Warrington ratepayers who happen to be the unfortunate (?) possessors of cycles, and who have ta habitually use the streets after dusk. Unlighted vehicles are just as dangerous to pedestrians as cyclists, especially in the magnificently (?) illumin- ated, and superbly (?) surfaced atreets of the town and Surely some measure of protection is due to them as well as wheelmen. A slowly moving lampless vehicle is simply a lumbering Juggernaut to wheelmen and pedestrians alike, and I hope that when the matter is brought up again before the Council, that they as a boay,will not listen to any alteration of the existing bye- law whatever, as I am firmly convinced that any sane person who objects to vehicles having a light attached after dusk is totally unfit to act as a local legislator. Thanking you for your valuable space, and with best Wishes, I remain, yours truly, E. PICKAVANCE, jun., Hon. Sec. Warrington Cycling Club, Vice-Chairman National Cyclists Union (Liverpool Centre). December 11th, 1900.

Christmas Cheer for Ironworkers.

Sir,—l have been consulted by a large number of friends (who have already promises of several sub- scriptions) whether some sort of Christmas cher:. could Inot be given to the many ironworkers who have almost been out of employment for the last three or four months and so far as I can see will not be in any better position for some months to come. No doubt you will think ironworkers' wages are very high. That I admit, but what is the benefit of high wages if there is no work 13 be done. I personally know of families at the present time who are in great straits for want of fire and food and many cases have come under my observation of people wh) have had to seek relief from the Board a! Guardians so that a little help at the present time would be highly appreciated. Donations in money, fond, or clothing will be thank- fully received by the committee, and acknowledged. ....Thanking you in anticipation. THOMAS B. mALEIN. 2, Lilford-street, Warrington.'

Arsenical Beer Poisoning. The Medical Officer's Report on Warrington.

Sir,—Poisoning by arsenical beer, as will already be generally known, has not occurred in the borough of Warrington to any great extent. Neuritis, of which ths direct couse is excessive con- sumption of alcoholic liquors is of caurse in a town like Warrington not infrequent, but the fact that during the quarter ending 30'h September only one death was regis- tered as due to alcoholic neuritis is sufficimt indication that during the period when the prevalence of arsenic poisoning in neighbouring towns was greatest, there was no abnormal increase of this class of cases in Warrington. Moreover, enquiries elicit the fact that though some medical men report an increase in the number of cases of neuritis under treat- ment, the greater number of these are outside the borough, and are not due to liquor of Warrington manufacture. The cases in public institutions tthe Workhouse and Infirmary) tboug.h some I believe pre- Senting signs that indicate an arsenical origin, are not numerous. Numerous samples of beer have been examined since the matter came to the front, and a few only have been found to contain slight pace; of arsenic : indeed the quantity contained is so minute as to render it im- possible to estimate it.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN H. GORICILL, (Medical Officer a Health).

Municipal Offices, Warrington.

Corporation Contracts and Accounts. Sir,—ln you, contemporary of last Saturday a letter was published from Mr. Martin Flanagan in which he takes me to task for suggesting that we bad tome in- dependent members of the Town Council. I can only now say that when I wrote that letter I truly and firmly believed that we had several ; I can assure him and the public that I bad the very best and proper reasons to believe so but alas! I must admit I made a mistake. At the meeting last Tuesday of the Town Council, when I and many other ratepayers expected so much from Several of our representatives, that business ended in quite s farce for the reason that Council'or For- shaw's motion adds nothing new to the situation, far what he proposed has been the law many years. It does, however, show this, that M: Fershaw must have had some imforrnation which caused him to move in the matter. He, being a lawyer, would know that without his moving such a resolution, the law had provided for such transactions. If that was so I think it was his duty to extend his motion so that an inquiry could be held to satisfy the public mind. Mr Flanagan Is wrong in his facts in saying that the Ceuncii is en- tirely drawn from the leading manufacturers. This is not eo,for with a few exceptione the councillors are very small ratepayers, in fact I do not supeose there are many towns the same size as ours where the rateable value of it town council is se low. Therefore I must beg to differ with Mr. Flanagan on that point. Mr. Flanagan wishes to drawn my atteetion to the working class ratepayers, whom he remarks I have con- temptuously ignored in my letter, but this is net so and if he will carefully Consider nay let,er he will find that what I did say was "the largest manufacturers tradesmen and ratepayers." Ratepayer, of course, includes tbe working classes. I must agree with him in saying that there are undoubtedly many working men capable of going into the matter and that they do pay a very large share of the rates, and what is more as they have the largest number of votes they are respon- sible for those who now represent the ratrpavere on the Town Council. The audit alai investigation I and many others consider necessary, would take quite eight or ten weeks, and if Mr Flanagan and his friends will get to work and do all they can in the matter no one will be better pleased than the writer. The Mayor has done nothing towards bringing about the inquiry many ratepayers wish for. He has only by his explanation made one of the cape fit, and there are many other caps waiting wearers who I think will be in no hurry to try them on. As there was no resolution at last Tuesday's Council meeting re Auditor's report, I suppose it is the intention of the Council not to publish the Fame. although it his always been done in the past. I want the public to know the reason. It is, in nay opinion, became Auditor's report pointed out two or three undesirahle matters in the accounts, one of which wee the exnenses of deputa- tions, which amounted to £3lO 94 9d, among which were the following : MALTS CONGRESS, SOIITIILMPTON d.

Health Department, Longford Manure Department, Nighteoil Collection De- partment HEALTH CONGRESS, BLACKPOOL . Health Department, Longford Manure Works nepartment 4l 10 0 Hiehway Department to Scotland, Ireland, and various towns Ido not wonder that this report of the Auditors has not been published but as I have said on previous occa 'ions it is time the public had an investigation and they will I am afraid have to look elsewhere than the Coun- cil Chamber to Wet it. Manchestee, Salford, Bolton, Blackpool and other Isues have all been very fortunate in having a Clur- 6;lnr bold enou,h to bring the matter forward, but we in Warrington will, I am afraid, not get such an inquiry excent through the Loral Government Beard. I see that in the Curt of Queen's Bench that Mr Justice Bir ham removed a Councillor for trading to the extent oronly £24 with his Council, although the work was done by his two sons, who, he Said, were in business for themselves. and His Lordship made the followidg remarks:—"He wished to say that his ex- perience showed that there were noon Local Boards far too many of this class of men,builelers and nersons who were likely to be interested in work rf cplired to be done for the local 'lndy. They were remnted to enter into Contracts vrith which they oncht to have nothing to do. He therefore made a declaration that the defenlant was run longer entitled to sit as a member of the Couneil " The transaction in question only amounted to £24 but I think every right minded person will agree with Mr Justice Bighorn,

Your; trilr, JOHN PEMBERTON.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Wmth,

LATEST NEWS.

Christiarity in China. A Convert Tortured. HONG KONG, Thursday. Reports received here from Canton state that Dr. Young has been horribly tortured. He was strung up by thumbs and toes, but confessed nothing. Note.—Dr. Young is apparently one of the Chinese converts for whose capture a reward was offered in an anti-foreign placard which was posted up at Fatshan last month.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Fighting on the Western

Frontier.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
A Trap that Failed.

MAFEKING, MONDAY.

It is unofficially states that on Saturday some of the 10th Yeomanry and sth Fusiliers under Colonel Meyrick were heavily engaged at Wonderfontein, A messenger was sent to Lord Methuen at Kaffirs' Kraal, and reinforcements were despatched from that place. The vanguard was attacked on the left flank eight miles from Wonderfontein, but beat off the enemy. On their return the troops were harassed by snipers. When they were about a mile and a half from the camp a trap was prepared for the Boers. Sine of the troops continued their march, while the others lay in wait for the enemy, who, however, noticed what was in store for them and disappeared. No casualties were reported on the British side. One Boer was killed and several wounded, one man subsequently dying of his wounds.

"The Heat of Summer" in South Africa.

Writing to his methor who lives at 8, Heaton-square, Warrington, Private J Abra,ha.ms, who is serving at the front with the 3rd South Lancashire Regiment says: —" Things are very quiet here now, and we are waiting for orders to come home. A few of our regiment were cut up not long since whilst: out on patrol and we lost one of the best officers in the regiment, He was found, riddled with bullets. We are having the heat of the suromn out here."

===== 0002601_19001214_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST REMARKABLE CURE

THAT EVER OCOUIED IN THE WEST RIDING Or' YORKSHIRE.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC PERFORMS A CURE

OF CEIRONIC INDIGESTION, WIND ON THE STOVIACR AND GENERAL WEAK- NESS WHICR THE DOCTORS SAID WAS IMPOSSIBLE.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC IS VIE mosr SUCCESSFUL REMEDY IN ENGLAND FOR THE PERMANENT CU RE OF ALL sromxcH, LIVER, KIDNEY AND BLOOD DISEASES.

Mr S. WILSIIAW, R'hble Bank, 11; Settle, Yorkshire. writes :—June 21st 1898 :—Dear Sir :—You will be glad to know that Vena'a Seaweed Tonic is working wonders in my case. For the last two years I have suffered very I much with nain after eating, and wind. My stomach Was so weak that I could not eat solid food. I lost a great deal of strength and flesh and was not able to work. I had taken all kinds of medicine ; doctors gave up try- ing to cure me. It was a barmy day for rue when I started taking your Seaweed Tonic. Afear the first week the pains were relieved, also the wind. I began to relish my food, and gradually got stronger, and now, I feel myself cured and able to work. It is a GA-send to me. I will never forget your Seaweed Tonic. DENO'S SEAWEED TONIC has beaten off the angel of death and brought brightness and strength to many a despairing invalid. Those who have tested it kiow its healing and strengthening power. IThey speak from exoerience when they say it is the only medicine that ever m tele them feel well. It clears the hrain, strengthens the stomach, purifies the blood, regulates the whole system, removes headache, steadies the action of the heart, and invigerate; the body. It is the most natural cure for constipation and kidney trouble. Price is. 14d and 24 91 , VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE stops an ordinary cough in one night, and cures chronic coughs, traechitie, asthma, influenza and whooping cough rapidly. Vastly superior to ordinary con ;la mix- tures or any of the emulsions. A scientifin remedy en- dorsed by Medical Men. Price is ld and 24 9d Sold by Boots 1.,,(1. Warrington; Peake.Earlessown and Newton ; Wesron & Co Runcorn ; Wailbridgs. St He'ens, and allchernist s and Ce-enetative Stores everywhere.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
..... FRODSHAIVI.

ENTERTAINMENT AT TUB GIRL'S SCHOOL —Dirge audiences have been attracted nightly, nn Tuesday. We.inesday awl Thursday last,to the School,where upwards of 250 nf the schaol children were Fleeces,- fully staging tableaux, and jnvenile drills and chorus,s, in a manner which rr-filets very creditably unon their teach,rs. The chairman way th v H B Blogg, ViCAC.

"Parliament, the Prelates and the Protestant Position."

A lecture with the above title was given in the Lecture-room at the Y.M.C.A, on Monday evening by the Rev Theodore A Howard, Vicar of St. Mat- thew's, Liverpool. The meeting, which was poorly attended, was presided over by Mr John Warburton who was supported by the Rev James Davies. The Lecturer, who was greeted with applause, referred briefly to the General Election. and said that, the question of lawlessness in the Cu arch had been for- gotten or ignored owing to the predominance of Imperial affairs. He then explained the two great Bills which would occupy the attention of Parlia- ment, viz.. The Church Discipline Bill, with five clauses (I) Maintenance of royal CI upremacy ; (2) Abolition of the Episcopal Veto; (3) A lay judge in the court of first instance; (4) Substitution of de- privation for imprisonment and (5) Simplification of procedure: That Bill would, he said, almost cer- tainly be introduced by one of the members for Liverpool. probably by Mr W McArthur. The other Bill would be brought in under the auspices of the Church Reform League and would be headed The Convocation Act, 1901. The object of the last- named would be to substitute sacerdotal supremacy for royal supremacy. The speaker went on to say that, on the authority of Mr Miller, secretary of the Church Assoeiation, 291 M.P.'s had been returned Ito Parliament who were either pledged to support 'the five points of the Church Discipline Bill,or who had expressed themselves in sympathy with the Protestant cause. After a reference to the "decisions " of the two archbishops, he went on to say that the Bishops of London, Bristol, Chester, Manchester and Rochester had given direct sanction to the use of incense and processional lights in church provided only that they were not used in the communion service. As examples, the Bishop, of London sanctioned tha ceremonial use of incense at, the introit (" Church Review," November 9th. 1899). The Rev W C Reid, vicar of .Coppenhall state. that," acting with the Bishop's advice," he proposed in future to use incense during the sing- ing of the hymn immediately preceding the service of the Holy Cemmuni (" Church Times," October, I3'h, 1899). The rev gentleman gave other examples of the use of incense and the use of other forms of service of the Roman Catholic church At the cenciusion of the lecture he moved the following resolution :—" That this meeting, believ- ing that the extirpation of Rornanism from the National Church is a matter of paramount import- ance not only to the Church but also to the nation at, lerge,aild seeing th st no effectual eteps had been taken by the Bench of Bishops as a whole to put an end to the gross scandal caused by Romish doctrines and practices in the Reformed Church of England— notably the mass and Sacramental Confession—calls upon the Government, to redeem the pledge made intthe House of Commons IS months since, and to take the matter vigorously in hand in the opening session of Parliament ; and, further, that the Secre- tary be requested to forward a copy of this resolu- tion to the Member of Parliament for the Division." —This was seconded and carried unanimously. Votes of thanks to the Speaker and the Chairman concluded the meeting.

DBLICIOUN MAZN.WATTHE TEA DELICIOUS ISIAZ I.WATTEI4 TEA DELICIOUS MAZ tv7ATTEB TBA. SOLE AGENTS: HENRY CAIr,LING AND CO.. LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC., 5 HORSEMARKET STEET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER' FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14 1900.

[ALL RIGFIIS RHSNRVED.f LIDENSING REFORM,

BY THE HON. SIDNEY PEEL.

allowed before the present holders of "grocers' lic3nses " should be required to give them up, and in allotting the new consolidated off-licenses, prefer- ence should be given to the old holders, if they so desired. CLUBS.

A good deal of attention has been directed to the sale of intoxicants in clubs. There has been a large development of the club movement during the last 15 years, especially of working-men's clubs. There are now altogether between 4,000 and 5,000 clubs in the United Kingdom, in which intoxicants are supplied. The towns having the greatest numbers (in 1897) were London 660, Manchester 85, Bradford Si, Oldham 69, Leeds 61, Dublin 51, Liverpool 49, Sheffield 41, Huddersfield 39, Stockport 34, Halifax 31, Salford 30, and Cardiff 29. ,There are some great associations of clubs, especially the Working Men's club and Institute Union (chiefly in London), and the Conservative Union, which exercise some control over and give advice to their affiliated members. These clubs are outside the licensing laws; a propri tary club, i.e., one in which the profits in the sale of liquor go to an individual or any group of individuals other than the club irself as a whole, is of course in the same position as any other house in which intoxicating liquors are sold without a license, and liable to all the penalties of the law. But in a properly constituted members' club, where the profits go to the club as a whole, it has been held that the sale of intoxicants to mem- bers is merely a distribution to them of what is already their own property, and that therefore there is no sale in the legal sense, so that the licensinz. laws with the restrictions they carry do not apply In some quarters, not. least among the publicans who fear to see their regular customers attracted elsewhere, a great deal of alarm is felt abut these clubs. It is said that their formation is simply due to the &sire to eva Is the restrictions of the licens- ing laws. ano that in Cime rif any further restrictions or a dinunution in the number of licensed houses, there would be a great outburst of uncontrolled drinking in clubs. To give colour to this theory, there are or have been about a dozea instances of public houses which have lost their licenses, being turned into clubs of a very disorderly character, and there are other in- stances, somewhat more numerous, in which brewers have startel clubs, or supplied the funds for so doing on condition that the club shall be tied to them. That this is a danzer is rec)guised by the Working 14.1 en's Club and Institute Union, whin re- fuses the privileges of affiliation to a club under any such obligation. _

Unhappily too,thera is no doubt that many Work- ing Men's Clubs ar3 not well conductel, but are the scenes of a great deal of unnecessary drinking ; Clubs, that is, which are properly constituted naem- bers' clubs, are not in anysense bogus clubs. Bogus clubs are of course entirely illegal, and the present powers of the police in dealing with places used for illicit retail sales would appear to be quite suffi- ,,ient for their suppression, it actively employed. But badly corlducte i though legitimate clubs they have no power to touch.

Just as railway carriages were bait originally on exactly the same pan as the old coaches, so work- ing men's clubs too often are cast naturally in the mould of the public-house, and old associations are not easily cut off. Men who used to drink in public-houses do not lose their habits suddenly when c•hey join a club; many clubs depend too much on the profits which they derive from the sale of intoxicants, and not upon subscriptions. But even at the worst a club is not a public-heuse; drinking will not remain the sole object of its existence, even if it is so at first; sooner or later public opinion will spring up to enforce better objects; club men do not like the reproach that their club is a mere tippling shop. Whatever may happen in the future, the growth of clubs cannot be attributed to a mere desire to evade the laws. It is true that in Cardiff a great number of drinking clubs did spring up after the Sunday Closing Act, but these ware reluced to 29 in 1897, and since then about half of these have been ctosed. In London, where clubs are very numerous, there can scarcely be said to be a diffi- culty in ooteining liquor ou;sile them. In Dublin clubs were said to have been forme I in anticioetion of Sunday closing, but i's the rest of Ireland there are very few clubs indeed. The real fact is that the extension of the franchise, spread of education, the general improvement of conditions among the working clas,es, and political influences heve had the greatest effeets in promoting clubs. Clubs have done and will do much to meet the needs awakened by all these things for better means of social inter- course and reureatio a than those provided by the public-house. The saying that the public-house is the poor man's club is not so true as it used to be

No better support could be rii-v-e-t-C-to-th-e-Cli-lb movement, than the suppression of or prevention of the mere drinking club: no one recognises more clearly than the clubmen thetiselves, and some legislation is desirable with this object. Such legis- lation must embrace all clubstit must prevent bogus clubs, and check disorder in legally constituted clubs, without putting any difficulties in the way of genuine and well-conducted clubs. We will sketch the oatlines of the scheme con- tained in the Minority Report of the Royal Com- mission, which follows pretty closel3 thai, recom- mended by the representatives of the Working Men's Club and Institute Union.

All clubs selling intoxicants should be registered and such sale should only be considered' legal with- out a license in properly registered clubs. Regi‹- tration should only be allowed when certain condi- tions are fulfilled, eg. the club must be a members' club of not loss than 25 members, with its property vested in the club as a whole. It must be under no obligation to any dealer in liquor, and must. n3t be on premises which have been used as a licensed house within the last five years. All members must be elected by the whole club, or its com- mittee, after an interval of at least a week between nomination and election; the rules must provide for the regular meetings of the committee, the cir- cumstances under which membership lapses, the amount of subscriptions, hours of opening and clos- ing, ant the objects of the club. The committee must be antlividually resp misible for the conduct of the club, and mast make sworn afil lavit that the nece-sary conditions are fulfilled. Distribution of intoxicants for consumption off the premises should be regarded as a legal sale, and no member under , 18 should be admitted.

Objection to registration shall only be allowel on the ground that the conditions are not fulfilled, or that the cimmittee are not persons of good charac- ter. If objection is made, the case shall be heard before the Recorder. or a County Court Judge, Registration shall be annually renewed, and it shall be regarded as a matter of course providei the necessary affidavits are made, and accounts pro- perly rendered, unless objection is made on one of four grounds.

(a) That the club is a disorderly house. (b) That it is u.ed merely for drinking purposes (c) That its frequenters are habitually drunk. . _ _ _ . _

(d) That the rules are habitually broken. On proof of ‘uch objections the 98,132,3 court as before should have power to inflict a fine or to can- cel registration. The court sha'l also have plwer, in case of a su4pect«,3 club, to order a special officer to inspect it and ex tmine its books. &se such a scheme, CUil&iil wic.h viizilanCe on the part of the police and their ptesent powsn, will suffice to put 10M1 hOr4,li or unle4irsblti clubs. It will not int.;rf-.ro with rIL-t es4entia feature of clubs namely thst thsv are orivate and not public insti- tutions, and iartake of tie character of a private house.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
v.t Closing Regulations, Etc.

(CONTINUED).

Hours of Closing on Week-Days.

More important parhaps than th question of Sunday closing is that of earlier closing on week- days, especially on Saturday nights. The figures quoted from Liverpool and Efl.nchester shew that 35 per cent. of arrests for drimkennhss take place on Saturdays, and most of this in the evening. It is generally acknowledged that drunkenness is greatest during the last hour or two of the day.and the " fierce drinking " takes place usually between 10 and 11 prn Many people, however, doubt the effect of earlier closing; it is a point that can only be settled by p.-qetipal x,arinient To do his the licensing authority should •given plwers to make orders for earlier closing by any time up to two hours,these orders to be annually renewable Such a plan would be eminently suitable to the varying conditions of different localities In Scotland a Isimilar discretionary power of earlier closing has been in existence (except in the 7 large towns) since 1887. It is a remarkable fact that it has been put into effect in every licensing district, with unani- mous testimony to its good result; indeed the large towns which are excluded from the operation of the rule, are constantly agitating to be included. At the same time there is no reason why intoxi- cants should be sold before 8 in the morning. Coffee-stalls and the like could as easily and more wholesomely supply any early morning needs 8 a.m. is the opening hour in Scotland, 'and there:is no reason to think that the English working man requires alcohol earlier than the Scot‘ish. Further the licensing authority should have power to close on electimidays, which are often the c ause of much drinking

===== 0002601_19001214_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
OTEUE BONA FIDE TRAVELLER.

There is one exception to the stringency of clos- ing regulations, that in favour of the bon fide traveller, which has been greatly abused. To be a bona fide traveller a man must have travelled at least three miles from where he lodged the precious night; this does not necessarily constitute him a bona fide traveller, but it is almost universally held to do so. It consequently results that some place may be overrun by a most undesirablo class of visitor, who drinks to his heart's content, while its own inhabitants are robbed of all peace and quiet without a remedy, and calm° even drink themselves. Outside the large towns the grievance is particularly felt. Almost everywhere the so- called bona fide traveller is a fraud and a nuisance, and ha 9 no other objeo. than mere tippling, a parti- cularly noxious form of drinking, whichl de- serves no consideration. Still there are some bona fide travellers, especially cyclists, and some allow- ance might be made for them. Licenses for hotels, that is houses with a certain sleeping accommoda- tion for strangers and no public bar, apart from the public house license, are desirable on other grounds as well, and these with restaurants should alone possess the privilege of serving travellers. Travellers should be defined as persons who have travelled at least seven miles from their last night's place of lodging, who are about to take a meal in the house, or who are about to 10(4;4 therein. To guard further against any abuse, the licensing authority should have the power of withdrawing the privilege, if they thought fit The licensin authority might also be given power to fix certain hours during which bona fide travellers might be served.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE TO CHILDIVRN.

At present the law is that no spirits may be sold to children under the age of 16, and no kind of in- toxicating liquors to children under 13. But the fact that children may buy liquor and carry it away, whether as messengers or not, renders this law largely nugatory. Whatever view be taken of the necessity of alco- hol to an adult, no one can say that it is good for children, and few would. assert that i is well to familiarise children with the sights, sounds and smells of a public-house from an early age The prac ice of sending children for liqulr is bad for the children, and bad for the sender. Lazy and drunken parents are enabled to stay at home and go on drinking as long as money holds out, and cases of cruelty to children often arise from this cause ; children are also kept from school for the same reason. It is argued on the other side that it would be a hardship for many working-men, if their children were not allowed to be sent for their beer, and that if a man went himself, he would be likely to stay and take too much The hardship is often exaggerated, and if any were inflicted, it would be an inconvenience small in proportion to the benefit of the children. Many benches have now adopted ' the practice of advising licensed victuallers and others not to serve children under a certain age. The simplest and best plan is o forbid all sale of I intoxicants •o any child under 16, and to increase I the penalties imposed for knowingly serving chil- dren under age, which are now only 20s for the first, and 40s for the second offence.

THE COMBINATION OF THE TRADE IN INTOXICATING LIQUORS WITH OTHER TRADES, OCCUPATIONS, &C.

At the present day in Ireland much harm results from public-house licenses being held by persons dealing in all sorts of other goods, even clothes, and boots and shoes. Temptation to drink is always present, and a purchase is often sealed with too deep potations In England the separation of the trade in intoxicants from those in other goods, ex- cept of course eatables to be consumed on the pre- mises, is a principle recognised in practice, though many an unnecessary license is still attached in country districts to farms, mills and the like; and, while in some places like Cardiff bye-laws under the ferchant Shipping Act, 1894, forbid persons keep- ing lodging-houses for seamen and fishermen, to hold licenses for the sale of intoxicants, in other seaports a good deal of scandal and abuse is caused by this combination. The separation of the trades is not. howeve-, in law or practice regarded as essential in the case of off-licenses, there is a widespread feeling against what are known as grocers' licenses. In law there is no such thing as'a grocer's license, but there are four retail off-licenses for selling spirits, wine or sweets, which must be held by a shopkeeper, and three retail beer off-licenses and the cider license which may be so hell. In prac- tice the spirit, wine and beer licenses are very fre- quently held by grocers. and hence the name The wine and spirit licenses only permit sale in bottles, but this restriction does not apply to beer. Various complaints are made against these licenses. It is urged that the combination makes supervision difficult and the detection of con- sumption on the premises nearly impossible. It also gives facilities for circulating beer and spirits in carts and vans, so that intoxicants may be hawked about the country in contravention of the law. This kind of complaint is very common in Scotland, :but is also not unknown in, country districts in England. It is also urged that grocers' licenses unite both ' temptation and secrecy in urging women to drink, and that the grocers sometimes co-operate in the deception of husbands, or other responsible bill- payers, by entering intoxicants thus sold under the name of other goods. Detection of such offences is most difficult Police statistics cannot prove the drinking that results, as by its nature it is secret. All parties in the trans- action are strongly concerned in keeping it a secret, and, even if it is discovered, the discoverer, who is probably a friend or relative, has also strong reasons against publishing his knowledge. Under these circumstances it is surprising how many well authenticated cases of the practice there are. A remarkable case came from Chichester. There the workhouse officials were allowed a certain amount of groceries to be supplied in turn by a rotation of grocers in the town. Grocer after grocer supplied intoxieants instead and booked them as" groceries," till one grocer, more honour- able than the rest, came forward and divulged the practice That some grocers do indulge in these objection- able practices may be regarded as an established fact, but the real objection to the combination of the trades lies in the temp ation held out to women purchasing ordinary goods. Wi- hout any decep- tion or malpractice, but with perfec- secrecy, it is possible for a woman to purchase bottle after bottle of spirits with the deplorable results well known in many unhappy families. It is far safer to confine the trade in so danger- ous an article as intoxicating liquor to run entirely within its own channels, and not allow it to be combined with others The excise off-licenses should be consolidated, and no new ones granted except under the full discretion of the licensing authority, and to premises exclusively used for the sale of intoxicants. A period of 5 years might be

===== 0002601_19001214_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By " Ovalist."]

The Warrington club had only a minor engagoment on the c tri for S sturday last, the task of defeating Altrincharn being a very light one. Fish was an absen- tee owing to the claims of the County match at Stock- port, where he was first reserve, and therefore a specta- tor only. Harris was promoted for the match with A.ltrinnang, but did not enjoy his luck very long, for the referee sent him off early in the game. It is a pity that Harris cannot keep his temper better and play the came. He w nild be a usefnl man if he paid more atten- tion to his behaviour on the field of play. However. he had the satisfaction of scoring a try before his depar- ture.

Altrineleam were short handed owing to the claims of the Coeshire authorities and from other causes, but they mallard to scrape up a fair team. The odds were not very uneven after Warrington lost Harris, but this did not affect the resu't much. Warrington were immeasur- ably superior all through the game, and their clmnina- don was an object lesson to the home team. Smart passine got Hockenhall in very early on, indeed the riahr-winger played one of his best games notwithstanding the fact that Dickenson did not give him over mirth to do. At tha interval Warrington led by 8 points, and playing with the breez , in tne second half they did pretty much as they liked • Mereweather distinguished him- self on the wing by several great efforts to sclre hut failed. Elan, however, got his unard t1:57, Burgess and Swift also crossing the line. Isherw.-md lan lel a couple of goals and the reclrd at the n!ouP of p'rav was 19 points to nil. At Warrington the Cheshire lids scored twice, hut on S aturday the visitors were not to he caught napning and went ia for improving the seasm's p3int average.

It ig hardly worth while singling mat players for nraise in a mstch !lira this, hu`, the fact remaing that Isher- wood was in form anl roak th hananrs for balk play Hallam coming nt. Tho halves were b )'h good, as was to ho exp,.‘e',ed behind winninz forwards.

Away at Stockt”rt, Lancashire were knockinq all the maggots out of the Cheshire chnese, and emerged from the fray with the fine score of 30 points to nil in their favour. Up to half-time the home toam dil well and were only a try behind, but class told in the later stages of the g'me and goals and tries came in professional order. Fsrguson, the Oldham forward, kicked six goals, five from sacc,siive shots, a perfor- mance as surprising to himself as to his clllornates. They want a goal-ke,ner at Oldhina badly, and the Scotchman will be asked " the why and the wherefore" no doubt. Lancashire are a grand team this rear, of a certainty, and the mon who julge thorn the finnr combination which his vot repre- sen'el the red rose are not far a rong. In fact thny wAta dbs abio:htsly correct did the count Figh as the !Aft wing. He is much superior to Field, the Rochdale " Sportsman."

Th 3 Les.zue table up t) date is as fellows : For Aot.

P. W. L. D. (+T. P. +9Z. P Swinton l2 .12. 0. 0...13 33—'41... 9 4 31...24 Oldham ii... 9. ? 0...1?. 34—t96... 7 7 35.18 Runcorn l2 R. 4. 0...19 21-101 .. 916 63...16 13,ou4hton H'l-451.1... 7... 5... 0...14 17— 79... 8 13— 55 ..14 Warrington 12.. 6.. 5. 1...14 21— 91... 9 14— 60...13 Salford 12.. 6. 6.,. 0...19 28-122-19 13— 92-12 Rochdale ifornetsll... 5... 4... 2...11 11— 55...15 20- 12. 5. 7. 0...13 15 71...12 23... 93...10 3tockplrt it... 4. 6.. 1. 5 in— 41... 6 9 39... 8 *it. Helens 12.. 4.. 6... 2... 9 10— 48...11 21... 85... 8 Barrow ii... 4. 7.. 0...1.0 14— 6?-14 18— 82... q 11. 3. R... 0... 8 I— 43...13 IR— R 1... 9 Widnes 12 3. 9. 0...10 7 41...12 27-115... 6 Wirn 11... 1... 8... 2... 7 9 41...23 3—t45... 4 Flolenq have had two points deductol for a breach of the rules.

Serious business begins again far warrrngton to-lay when they nay th,ir annual visit to N3c7 B Rocs aro (martins! yet from the defoat at Wilderspoo', asd wfll b certain to rub it in tithe best of their ability. Al a !We they succeed easily enough, though Warring- ton's defeat is no certainty. They have won at Salford. and I well remember the last occksion when Barber scored a btillisnt try and kicked a goal in tho thick of a bliedincr snew.,torrn. There is no Barber to rely on now unfortunately, but there is a Fish nnd very often " whore there's a Fish (will) there's a way."

There have been nlentr et erroneous stat,ments in the evening pane's about the West Lanoashire Cu Com- rietition. A. short time ago it was slid 'that Swinton rilayel Warrington next, but this is not the elq., and Leiah and S. H +ens have to be beeen before the two firat-named meet. Then again the Warrington aril St. qelens Outi tie has been announeei for Christmas Div, and this ig algo false. The match has been definitely fixed fir the day before Christmas day, Monday the 211. h, an-1 posters A.rosouncifi_cf it will soon be on the walls. Warrington have had enough of Christmas Diy matches. They always end in defeat. Plum-pudding and beer are bad to play on especially if the latter has avenio in it.

The holiday week end will be a stiff one for till toam and % grani one for the spectators, 3.4 tnore aro three mat3hos in five lam owl ail of them at home. Oliham visit Wildersnool on Saturday. St Helens on Monday, and on Wend av the Runcorn men make their apnea.- ance. If Warrington raallv wish to distinceolish toom- snivel ani p'ease their ar.rs let them win all three. They can fin it if they will and if tha elmrnittee make it worth their while.

The last match nf the century is with ilichlate H-mnets arA pled tn be at home to Warrington on the 2991. I her thoy have been having their stings sonnially Rrvind for the occasion. That troancing at Wilderspool is very far from tieing forgotten or forgiven.

S 4 far Warrington'a efforts to obtain assiotanes from the Midland,' have not been suceeosful, though it was exnee,ted that* promising three-q larter would have ben in tows thia week. In fact he had promisorl to came, but he hag not maPerialioed ao vet. If Warrington want him they will have to fetch him, though that is no easy matter.

Though no new name appear, the Warrington team has unisrgoon cionvi alteretion, the right wing blag changel entirely fr the Salford mach. Hockenhall ig playing in ths " A" team, Dickgnson is absent hurt,g.nd the vacancios are filled by Leafless and Lis.rris. The shangs will maks very little differencs, in all probability. A very fair forward teem hag been selected, and the Rees will have to exert themselves to get the upper hand in this denartment. Morrison's injury still keeps him not of ths fist& and only on Thursday I saw him with his arm in a sling. That knock at St. Miens is 1 praying (pits ag geriong as was anticipated. Mlrrisin was always an unlucky player in the matter of injuries.

The " A. " team will do well to defeat their visitors on this occasion, though tiler have been very successful in receot engigements. Garrittv and Allen have been drooped, and J. T. Bate and R. Bate are down to play b.hind the " scrum." If they turn out they onght to aff,et an imosovement in the play of the team. It is not impoasihle that the two brothers might win their way to the first team. They will have to play for the honour, howaaver, that is certain. The present pair are trier; if nothing else.

Fletcher Ruqqell's and Latchford Ihnzers should pro- vide an intnreo•ing game at W.ltield-street to-day. Though tn. Rulers .re not so enryl aq they used to be, they are full nf and will give the Engineers plenty to da. The latter continne to play well, and pOIRPg4 a well-balanced team. In Blomley they have a weighty forward. who may make a good man for the pasition in better company.

The following; Lancaph ire Senior Competition Matchee will he player] to day, on the ground of ths first named club in each ease : Runcorn V. Stoskport. Rnnivisie ffornAts v. Broughton Bangers. St Helens v 014harn. Salford v. WarrinGton. Widnes v. Swinton. Wigan v. Leigh.

NEWTONT CONGREGATIONAL Caunca—SALE OE WORK.

On Thursday afternoon last week Colonel W W Pilkington, VU., of "The Hazels," PrPse.ot, opened a sale of work in connection with the above church. The object in view was the raising of a sum of money—it is hoped £loo—towarris clearing off the debt incurred by the renovation and partial re-buildin2 of the schoolroom, which has cost £1,200. The sale was held in this handsome school- room,which a large number of willing workers had converted into a most delightful apartment.— The sale was continued on Saturday afternoon, when the Rev James Ryder, Vicar of Newton, was present. The Rev James Allatt said they did not propose to have any formal opening, but he alluded to the good feeling shown by Mr Ryder in being present at a Nonconformist gathering. There was a good attendance during the afternoon, and the sale was carried on briskly. The total receipts for the two days was £95, which were much in PXCORS of the anticipations of those who had the affair in hand.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Next Week. : "Tire COMPENSATION QUESTION."

Concert in Ellesmere-street Mission Hall. , A concert for the benefit of Brother Ash worth,one of the workers in connection with the who unfortunately is losing bis sight, was held in Ellegmere-street Mission Hall, an To ,s lay evenin z. The room was competely flUed and Air T Birton °coupled the chair. An attractive programme was ioibmi,,t-u, c msisting of Qong. by I.r's Stone (,oprano). Mc Itufft (alto).Mr A Griffi-.lis (ten,r) and Mr Wallington (base), piccolo solos by Mr Podmore, violin solos by Mr Bennett., a piano- forte soli by Ntiss A Longdin (who ably accom- panied), and humorous contributions by Mr E A Sanders. All the artistes had a cordial reception and for his sympathetic rendition of "Shepherd of souls" Mr Ruffil was recalled. Mr Sanders created roars of laughter with his humorous items. It. is expected that the proceeds of the concert will amount to ab)ut

===== 0002601_19001214_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNESS.

RYESMIT RR3TORED. -DISHASIO OF TTT CURD without operation. Book with full par- ticulßrs, free bypost on mentioning' this paper.- Address W. :KELL )n, Eye Specialist 238,003 rd road, Manhester.

MILICIOIJS MAn.WATTIATA TA MALICIOUS MAZA.WATTIAB TRA. MALICIOUS MAZA.WATTRIA THA. SOLE AGENTS : HIANItY dILLINO. AND Co.. LTD. WROLE.SALE ANT) RETALL GROCERS ETC., 5, 111RSENIARERT-3TRRET, WARRINGTON.

DELIMITS MAZAWA,TTER Taft DELICIOUS MA7AWATTER TEA. DELICIOUS MAZN.VATrEIi TEA SOLE AGENTS: HENRY MILLING AND Co., LTD. WHoLTRALP: AND RETAIL GIoCCRI ETC., b, RoRSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

. ,

INsz Kr. II T. W BONI

wino

All 9 Pit fro' The

===== 0002601_19001214_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN 84 NEWTON

P.S A.

_ The usual weekly meeting of the Earlestown and District P.S.A.. Society was hell in the Cc-operative Hall on Sanday afternoon, when there was a good muster. Mr Markland presided, and an interesting address was given by Mr Plant the Haydock Missionary. Vocal items were given by Miss Watkins and recitations by Miss Huffar,whilst Miss Profit presided at the piano. FRYE Cinntcri COUNCIL, EARLESTOWN.

A gathering in connection with the Free Church Council of the Earlostown and Newton district was held in the Lecture Hall of the Wesleyan Chapel, Earlestown on Monday evening. Before the busi- ness proceedings tea was served, and a good num- ber partook thereof. Afterwards the chair was occupied by the Rev F E \filler, and he was sup- ported by the Revs J Allatt, C E Dove, E C Bocock, Mr G Dring,and Mr Wallace of Burnley. It appears it is the intention of the Council to hold a ten days' mission, commencing on the 17th of February, to be conducted by Mr Wallace, and the object of the gathering was to welcome that gentleman. The Rev E Miller introduced Mr Wallace to the meeting and the latter gave a very interesting address, ex- plaining his views and stating what he required doing in order to help the mission, and some novel ideas for publicly announcing the mission were expounded.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

HAYDOCK PARIX STEgPLP,CgkSES.

Fr the convenience of the racing pub!ic. des;^ous of attending this 3teeVe-chaon meeting on the 1.811 and 19% in. the Great Central Railway Company have arrangPd to run a sp,cial train at ordinary fares from St Helens to Flaydock Park (Racecourse Station) at noon on each day of the Races. For full particulars !Go our advertising, columns.

MILITA.RY TOURNAMENT -THE POLICE WIN THE CHALLENGE CUP.

A grand gymnastic display and military tournament in aid of the St Helens Young Men's Christian I.ssocia- tion and Gymnasium, was held in the Gymnasium, Duke-street, on Tuesday, by members of the Gymnasium and Borough Police force, with detach- ments of the Lancashire Huseari and Volunteers. The chief event of the evening, was the tug of war contest for the Silver Ch sllenge Cup, for which four teams (six aside) competed—namely, the Borough Police Force, Lancashire Huisars, -End VR. South Lancashire Regiment, and the 2od Lancashire Engineers. Considerable interest wIR attached to the contest, and in the first round the Police (with Sergeant H Hudson as captain) beat the Eir,rineers (under Sergeant-Inahlictor Seay,er) by 2 pulls to 1. In the second round the Volun- teers beat the Lancashire Hussars by 2 clear pulls. In the final the Police had the best oF the argument, and won the cup with 2 clear pulls. Colonel Murray then presented the cup to Sergeant Hudson, on behalf of the winners.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MORALITY oF EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. Ow A PURIST.]

" Womanhood" Saeh was the title of a very pithy and plain spoken paper read by Miss Allatt of Newton before the members of the Women's Liberal Associetion on Monday evening in the Primi- tive Methodist S;hoolrootn Earlestown. Extracts from the paper are reprinted in another column, in the shape of a report of the gathering and doubt- less they will be fund wholesome reading, and of much valuable help to those who have tie welfare of wemen at heart. Very mach is contained in that one word " Wom-Inhood," hut how little is thought of it in Eerlestown. Passages in !Miss Allatt's paper, well-meaning enough, were doubtless written for the information only of the women to whom she intended reading it, and for that reason, certain passages have been deleted from the report of the mewing. and partly because of the plain language used. Possibly Miss Allatt has good grounds for bringing a sweeping charge of immodesty ngainst the young worneu of Narlestown and Newton. and perhaps here the sense of deceuey has been outraged by the statements which have been evi- dently male to her. Her attacks upon public works where fetnal 3 labour is employed were of the severest, especially as it related to the girls them- selves, and not to the management, If what, Miss Allatt stated is correct, it shows a condition of things, in our midst, of a most alarming character. We ,av "in our rni let," because Mies Allatt in her assertions, plainly alludes to the young women of Earlestown and Newton. Purists, were they ac- quainted with the extent of Miss Allatt'. chnrges, would cry shame, and yet the puriste are in Some measure responsible tor the condition of things diF- closed in tie paper. The intermixing of the sexea in publiciworks, also makes fr the degradation of the female, aud Miss Allatt points out that on the evi- dence of a man, toe language used by the young women and girls in the works she had in her mini was disgusting. Marriage is always stated ti be a sacred un lertaking, but it would perhaps not be wise to say what Miss Allatt maintains the girls think about marriage. It will be sufficient to say that, according to Miss Atilt', the girls think very little about the sacred side of mar...lege. All they have to do is to get married and they care little how they attain their end, P: may he said that I am not in agreement with Miss Allatt, but such a statement would not be correct. lam in perfect accord with Miss Allatt, all through her paper, and more especially in relation to the uplifting of tae moral et indent of women. "Some woman sell their womanhood cheaply "says the paper, and for an echo to this one has only to promenade some of the streets of E trlestown at night. True we have the Salvation Army doing its best, according to the lights of the members to uplift the masses, but then the salvation of youngwomen from themselves cannot be effected by the blare of a trumpet, and the thumping of a big drum on a public market place. We have the Manchester City Aission,whose work in the district is brimful of good,be even they do not deal with the evil referred to by Miss Allatt. Then there is the Free Church Council,in connection with which a mission is proposed to be held shortly and to this we look for some sort of assistance in dealing with the terrible evil lurking in our midst., To make a special effort and appeal during the MiF- I *don. and to lay bare in all its hideousness the crime, for it is a crime, of which our young girls are alleged to be guilty, would be of immeasurable benefit. Lastly we have the police,and their sphere, though not lying in the same direction as the re- ligious bodies mentioned, would be to root out and brush away the opportunities given for the cheapen- ing of womanhood. To particularise, one might draw the attention of the police to the condition of Ilaydock-street, any evening, but more especially on Friday and Saturday ',night, and here work in plenty can be found. If betting characters are found congregating in a public thoroughfare they are quickly moved on, but in flaylock-street, young men and women, aye and boys and girls can congregate to their heart's content, and indispu- table evidence can be given that the language and the acts are of a,moat disgusting character. Here- in lies the root of the cheapening of womanhood, but a clean sweep by the police would rob it of many opportunities. Miss Allatt's disclosure has come none too soon, and it can only he hoped thaa I the advice she gives will hoar the fruit it deserves.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ST. HELENS BOILER EXPLOSION.

Judgment of the Board of Trade inquiry. Severe Strictures on the Owner.

At St Helens Town Hall, on Wednesday morning. Mr. Howard Smith and Mr M'lntyre, the commissioners appointed by the Beard of Trade to inquire into the boiler explosion which took place at Sutton Heath Pot- tery, Mill-lane, Sutton, on November 8, gave judgment. Mr Howard Smith reviewed the whole of the evidence relating to the boiler, which was bought second-hand by Mr Twist, on January 7, 1892, and was afterwards allowed to lie out exposed to the weather for four years. and then fixed up in ordinary bricks and mortar at the Sutton Heath Pottery. The boiler plates after tha explosion were found to vary from a quarter of an inch down to the thickoess of paper. The commissioners found the ex- plosion was caused by over-pressure of steam, a portion of the shell plate, where, in contact with the brickwork, having become so waged by corrosion, owing to damp, as to be unable to withstand any useful pressure. The boiler was not properly s‘i.c, up or examined. Mr. Twist was told about two months ;Jac,. the explosion that a portion of the plates was very thin, and he was likely - to have trouble with it, but ho tailea to take proper measures to eosure its being avorked under safe conditions. The court found Mr. 'Ft:P.lst very seriously to blame for the explosion. He had a large family, and his property was encum- bered. Mr. Howard Smith said the Court always con- sidered the circumstances of those it had to deal with. At the same time, Mr. Twist had been guilty of such gross carelessness that they would be justified in order- ing him to pay ths full costs. Instead of the whole £llO, they would, under the circumstances, order him to pay £3O, and the Court wared the Blard of Trade to give him time to pay. Fortunately for Mr Twist, no one bad been killed,or.his liability might have been unend.ng.

EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

The monthly meeting of the mornbers of this a.ssocia- tiou was held in the Primitive Wthodist schoolroom on Monday afternoon. There was only a moderate atten- dance, but ths proceedings were of an interesting character.

The chief item of business was a paper read by Miss Allett, entitled" Womanhood" which was a subject, Miss Anent said,in which she always felt the deepest in- terest, seeing they were gathered together as a band of women, whose very presence at such meetings as those, and membership of such an association as theirs, in- dicated an intelligent desire to do all that women could do for the uplifting of their dear old country. She had sometimes been asked what was the use of the Women's Liberal Association and why she cared to belong to it, to which she invariably replied " becawe it gives one at least a small oppertunity of doing something for one's fellow women upon whom the unjust laws fall heavies:, and laws which will never be altered unless women de- termine that they shall be." Womanhood was a very great subject, too vast to be entered kite in one brief afternoon. First of all she wanted to speak upon their womanhood in relation to their country. Everyone present loved their country and wished to see it not only the greatest country in the world, but the purest and best. During the past few years, women had come greatly to the aid of their country, flehtine its battles as bravely as any soldier in the battlefield. They had only to consider for one minute what had been done, and how women like Mrs. Joseph Butler had faced the shot and shell of bitter sarcasm, and worse, of men, in order that womanhood might be treated with more jnstice. In the cause of temperance too, they knew that the quiet systematic r work of such societies as the British Women's Temperanee Association was having an influence for good in their land, for ifi the women could be won on to the side of sobriety, they all knew what the effect would be ; their homes would he better, their men would have less cause to be drunkards, and Enelend would begin to be free of its greatest chain of slavery. Then they thought of such associations as their own and the work being dote. True they had no Parliamentary votrebut their voice had been heard and their influence felt in Parliament, for by persistently bringing its claims before its members, rtnny had been compelled to take notice of the fact that women were wide awake, and meant to have wrongs righted, and , especially where it touched their fellow-women. Many people said that women's work lay in their own homes, and that they should not bother themselves about politi- cal work, and she felt she could not do better, in relation to that than read a shoit extract frt m Ruskin. He said —" Generally we are under an impression that a man's duties are public, and a woman's private, but this is not altogethFr so. A man his a personal work or dnty relating to his own home, and a public work or duty which is the expansion of the other relating to the State. So a woman has a personal work or duty, which is also the expansion of that. Now a man's work for his own home is/ to secure its maintenance, progress, and defence ; the woman's to secure its order, comfort, and loveliness. Expand both these functions, The mans' duty as a member of the Commonwealth is to assist in the maintenance, in the advance, in the defence of the State. The women's duty as a member of the Commonwealth is to assist in the ordering, in the comforting, and in the beautiful adorr- ment of the State. What the man is at his own gate. defending it if need be sgainst insult an) spoil, that also not in a less, but in a more devoted measure he is to be at the gate of his country, leaving his home, if need be even ta the spoiler, to do his more incumbent work there And in like manner, what the woman is to be withia her gates as a centre of order, the balm of distress, and the mirror of beauty, that she is aico to be without the gates where order is more difficult, distress more immi- nent, loveliness more rare." To her mind they had there the:whole thing put clearly before theinnt was a duty for women to use the very best of their womanhood not only in the four walls of their home, but outside it also. In working for the genera! interests of their land, their personality was to a great extent lost sight of, but than could not be said in relation to their worn in their own district. They were known amongst their neighbours, and what they were in their own homes came out in various ware in spite of themselves ; they all had a cer tam n amount of personality ateut them. No one could deny that the most seer d and be iutiful side of womanhood was to be felled in motherhood. There wan a danger, a growing danger in these days, of women making their womanhood cheap. All of them might and ought to do something to remedy that. She wanted to make an appeal to the mothers preeen: to try with their ' girls at home to do something in that direction. Show them that so much lay in their power if they would but use their eromanhool rightly, teach them that it was given to them as the greatest gift they had, and to ' keep it pore, to use it for good, wou'd do much to better the world. (Applause). Lately there had crept into custom a more generel use tor the word " woman," and she thought the name was becoming more houourd in conseqeence. She honey nl the change had come about greatly on account of the word " lady" bsine abused. In society they knew there was great need for reform, and it was always refreshing and gratifTing to see and hear of women nobly striving to work on behalf of womanhood from that circle. But while they looked on and criticised or admired toy turn, do not let them for- get that they too lead meets to do in relation te the class to which they belongEd, and as those in the higher classes reacts a heloing hand to those less fortunate in life, so they too mieht do their share though it might seem a smeller thing. A good woman, wherever she was found, was a veritable green, she drew and attracted, though she might have little or no outward beauty. Her influence went out far and wide, though it would be greatest in her own home. A good woman left footprints behind her, the memory of her life upheld others in its struggles and she left a track ef lieht which showed others the upward path and the possibilities of a pare and holy womanhood, (Applause.) A cordial vote of thanks wan, accorded Miss Allatt, on the motion of Miss Marrow seconded by Mrs Jones.

===== 0002601_19001214_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ttIPL

===== 0002601_19001214_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER 16Tff. At 10.30 Rwv. THEODORE BISHOP, At 6.30 Rev. H. G. ROBERTS, M.A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

LONDW.7 AND NORT H-W ESTERN RA IL- WAY.—GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. The LONDON and NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY COM- PANY give notice that WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 26th, being a holiday under the Holidays Extension Act. 1875. the day Will be observed P.ll a HOLIDAY at GAIISTON DOCKS and WIDNES DOCK and the Quays and Estate. FRED HARRISON, Ruston Etd.tion, General Manager. London, December, 1900.

GREAT CENTRAL nAILWAY.— HAYDOCK PARK STE RPLEO HAS RS. On TUESDAY and WEDNRSDAY 18th and 19th December, SPROIAL TRAINS to Haydock Park (Rae., Courea Station) Will leave St. Helena at 12-30 p.m. Haydock 12-37. Return- ing from Hayclock Park (Race Count', Station) at 5-33 p.m. Ordinary Ist and and 3rd Class Single ani Return Tickets Will be ay,ilable by thece trains. WILLIAM POLLITT, General Manager. Manchester.

RICHMOND AND COMPANY LIMITED. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the TRANSFER :ROOKS of the Four per cent. Debenture Stock and ,he Preference Shares of this Company WILL be CLOSED from the 19th inst. to the 31st inst. for the purpose of preparing the half-yearly Interest and Dividend Warrants. I. E. BARLOW, Secretary. Dated Warrington. 15th December 1933.

UNION OF BUNCORN.—SCHOOL ATTEND ANCE COMMITTEE for the Parishes or Townships following : Alvanley Kingswood Antrobus Latchford (with Out Bartington Manley Budworth (Great) Newton-by -Frodsham Clifton Norley Crowley Norton Frodsham Seven Oaks Frodsham Lordship Stockham Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton Etre: ton Helsby Thelwall Hull and Appleton Walton Inferior Weston NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, in reference to each of the above Districts, that :- 1. The above Scho.:l Attendance Committee have (sub- ject to the approval of the Board of Education) made certain BYE-TAWS in pursuance of the powers given to the School Attendance Committee by sec. 74 of the Ele- mentary Education Act, 1870, as amended by the Elementary Education Act5,1876,1880,1893,1899,and 190. 2. A printed copy of the proposed Bye-laws will continue deposited, for inspection by any ratepayer. at 71. High- street. Runcorn, the Office of the School Attendance Com- mittee, for one month from the date of the publication of this notice. 3. At the expiration of the said calendar month the said proposed Bye-laws will be submitted to the Board of Education for final approval. 4. The School Att-ndance Committee will supply a printed copy of the said proposed Byelaws gratis to any ratepayer. GEORGE F. ASHTON, Clerk. 30th November 1930.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ' ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c &C.. GO TO W ILLIAM TCDD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BO- D STREET), LIVERPOOI TELEPHONE, 7823.

COON rY OF CHESTER, TO Wli. NOTIOE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, iu and for the said County, on Monday, the 31st day of December, 1900, at half-nast eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. I The bearing of all appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddishury, Nantwich, and Wirral!, forming thd Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the ispenino, of the Court on MONDAY, the 31,:it day o December, 1900, at half-past eleveu o'clock in the fore aeon. The Court will be alourned to the Court House, Knutsford, on WEDNESDAY, the 2nd day of January, 1901, at eeven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northt-sich forming the Knutsford Dis- trict, arid the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take pl ce at such Ad- journed Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House. Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WED- yESDAY. the 2nd day of January, 1901, at eleven o'clock m the Foreneon. REGINALD POT'TS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 11th December, 190.

WARRING TON PEOPLE'S COLLEGE ANNUAL CONCERT. PARR HALL. THURSDAY. DRCEMBFTI 20Tir, 19C0. CHORUS OF 350 VOICHS. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME CONSISTING OF SONGS :-NATIONAL, PATRIOI IC, HUMOROUS. OLD ENGLISH DANCES. NAVAL DRILL. ORGANIST : MR. W. H. PAYTON, Mus. Bac— PRICES of Admission. let Reserved Chairs, Body of Hall and Centre Gallery, 2s. 2nd Reserved SeAs, Body of Hall and Side Gallery, la 63. Unreserved Seats, Body of Hall and Gallery Corridors, Is. Back Seats, Body of Hall and Back Gallery, 6d. Sch,)lars only, Half-price to All Parts. TICKETS may be obtained from Mr. R. H. PEARSON, Bold-street, Mr PERCIVAL PEARSR, Sankey-street, the Teachers and Scholars. Plqn of Reserved Seats at Mr Pearson's open WedntSde.y, December sth. Doors Open at 7.15 p.m. Early Doors for Ticket Holders only at 7. Concert to begin at 7.30.

WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 19TH, 20T8T. 2lsr THREE GRAND PERFORMANCES. IN AID OF THE FUNDS OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. THE ORIGINAL COMEDY, IN'FOUR ACTS, DY R. C. CARTON. "LIBERTY HALL." Boxes (to hold four), Li Is. ; Orchestra Stall (Dress), 55. ; Lower Circle (Dress), 58. ; Upper Circle (Reserved). 3s. ; Pit stalls (Reserved), 2s. 6d.; Side Circle, Is ; Pit, 6d. The PLAN of the Dress and Reserved Seats IS NOW OPEN at, Mr. PIG OT'S, Music Warehouse, Bridge-street, Warrington. Doors open at 7 Curtain rises at 7,30 prompt. Early doors for ticket holders only 6.45. Carriages may be Ordered for 10.30. ARTHUR 13ROWNR, HON. SECRETARY.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 1. CD.

GRATIS WITH TO-DAY'S EXAMINER "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, FOR 1931. embellished with a picture representing THE PROPOSED NEW TECHNICAL SCHOOL WARRINGTON. (FROM A DRAWING BE THE ARCHITECTS, MESSRS. WILLIAM AND SEGAR OWEN.) FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS. Are published containing Full Information coreeted to the latest date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND PLACES DISTRICT COUNCILS OP WORSRIP MAGISTRATES FAIRS. CARRIERS, &C. FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Burtonwood Penketh Dare+bury Present Barlestown Runcorn Frodsham St. Helens Graopenhall Stockton Heath Halton Sankey Lymm Thelwall Moore Warrington Newton Winwick Orford Wi•lnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER" (8 PAGES, 56 COLUMNS) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANACK ONE PENNY.

BUY YOUR BRUSHES, FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO. 19, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON WE MAKE EVIMY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY AND PRICES DEFY COMPETITION.

E. M. ASHURST, HIGH.CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE THE TERMINTTS OF THE STOCKTON- HEATH 'BUSES. CHRISTMAS AND BIRTHDAY CAKES. SPECIALITY-SCOTCH MILK SCONES. TEA ROOMS. FANCY CHOCOLATES &C., IN GREAT VARIETY.

PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. FOR ALL TRADE PURPOSES, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. STATIONERY, TWINES, ETC. So WEAVER, 3, FLAG-LANE (OFF KING-STREET), WARRINGTON. JOHN ATKINSON. 62, AND 64, GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGTON. BAKER AND CONFECTIONER. DINNERS, TEAS AND REFRESHMENTS. SCHOOLS AND PARTIES SUPPLIED. WEDDING AND eIRTHDAY CANTO, a rECIALITY.

ESTABLISHED 1842. JOHN ILYTEIGOE AND CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CONFECTIONERS, 35, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES FOR THE CHRISTMAS SEASON. LARGEST ASSORTMENT IN THE TRADE. SHOPS SUPPLIED .I.T LOWEST TERMS.

19410tEG PARDON, FACITAE ME, BUT WHERE .1.1) DID-," "OH, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAM SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEOE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOU."

A. AND J. PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVICRPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. AU transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined.

R. nOLLINGWORTII AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD. Tile and Mosaic pavements. Glazed and enamelled Tiles for walls, hearths, floors, &c. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. Estimates given for church and chapel pavements. Telegrams: " HOLLINGwORTH, Latchford,"

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On SALE a Choice pelection of Presents for CHRIsTMAS, WEDDINGS. and BIRTHDAYS. in SILVER. ,ILVER- PT ATE DIAMONDS. JEWELLERY. and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine sele•etion of RARE COINS. WAR MEDALS. COIN CABINETS. ANTIQUES, CHINA. and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD boußht or taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON AND CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS, 63, RENSHAW-STREET. LTV ERP(IOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, &c, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSANDS OF LIVING, TESTINtoNLUS. 3. HIGHAM (OF CROSS-LANE. B.A.RLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CHARLES', 13, LEGII-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO S 4, OXFORD-STREET, ST. HELENS.

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver. Old-fashloned Jewellery, Dinmoncle, Watches. Plate. &e. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE, 47, LIME-STHERT, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elllot-street). N.l3.—Money advaneedupon Diamonds,Watehes.Jewellery, &e., at low rates.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS. SURGICAL BAND AGF,S, ABDOMINAL BEL rs. BUY THEM 1,1^1,1 THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS. 37, BREOK-ROM), LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866

QERGE JACKETS! SERGEI JACKETS ! Every workman should have one of 1-1/IPUR'S cele- braterl 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool.

QPLE NDID Asortment of New Season'A PAT- L. TRRNS for our Celebrated Ps. 61. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGum AND Co. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

ILLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING; Fac-Similes of Hasolwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan- tities .tc., copied and lithographel.— BROOKS AND SJN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (lAncashirs) Ltd., ORE MISTS, DRUGGIST. STATIONERS. &c.. STATION-STREET. NOTTINGHAM. The TRANSFER BOOKS will be CLOSED from the 17th to the 31st Decem- ber inclusive, for the pnrpose of preparing warrants for a SIXTH QUARTERLY DIVIDEND at. the rate of Six per cent per annum on the Preference Shares.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVPN that tho ANNUAL GENERAL MRETING of Trustees and Managers of the Warrington Savings Bank will he held at, the Bank, Buttermarl:et-street, Warring‘on, on TUESDAY. the 18th day of MU:NT:ER.I9OO, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, for receiving a Statement of the Accounts and the Report of the Committee of Management for the year ended 20th Novem- ber. 1900 to elect a Chairman. Vice Chairman. and a Com- mittee for the ensuing year, and for any other Business relating to the Inatitution. Dated this 10th day of DePPIDIV3/". 1900. THOMAS TUNSTALL, Actuary. --- ---- - - -- LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ETI/47GL19T1 LEVER on the Market. Prescot Factory 20 YRAES' Guarsntee Certificate with each of these splendid Timel;eepers. Strong Silver Cases from &is. Hunters from £2 12s. 6d, ' Livernool Agent : R. RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST. JOHN'S-LANE, LIVERPOOL. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver, and Gold- filled at Lowest Prices Current. _ yam HALL, WARRINGTON. IVIDNDAY, DECEMBER 17Yn. MR. R. H. PRATICON AILS PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING MISS CLARA BUTT (7,1 RS. KrNNERLEY RUMFoNIO, AND MR. KF,NNERLEY BUNIFORD'S GRAND EVENING CONCHRT (UNDER THE DIRECTIoN OF MR. N. VERT). THEIR LAST APPEARANCE PREVIOUS To THEIR DEPARTURE TOR AMERICA AND AUSTRALIA. ARTISTES : MIS MAGGIE PURVIS, MISS CLARA BUTT. MR. ;M.:MPH Rvyn. MR. KENNFIRLEY RUMFORD. MISS ANNA STERN. SOLO VIOLIN. MPLLR. ELSA RITEGGER, SOLO VioLoNcELLo MR. F. T. WATRIS. CONDUCTOR. Doors open 7.30. Concert at 8. Carriages 10.15, Reserved Dress Stalls. ss. ; Reserved Centre Gallery. 41. 1 neflerVed 11-dy of Hall. 3s. ; Reserved Side Gallery, 2s. 6d, ; Back Gallery, Is. Rd. : Body of all (limited) Is. PLAN NOW OPEN at Messrs. R. H. Pearson's, Ltd., 10, Bold-street. -

HOLLY! HOLLY ! ! HOLLY ! ! CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS. A LARGE SUPPLY OF RVERGREEN AND HOLLY AT OXLEY'S FARMER'S STORES, WARRINGTON.

FROM BEHIND THE SCENES. 1 0 THE FOOTLIGHTS, and no matter how powerful the light ARTHUR EVANS' 6s. 6D. AND Bs. 6D. GENT'S BOOTS will stand out as the finest value ever offered, NEW CITY BRANCH :- 221. LONDON-ROAD ; also at, 5, London-road, 24, Berry- street. 51, Byrom-street, 201. Breek-road, 65, West Derby- road, 124, Breekfield-road. Liverpool. Telenhone 225. Anfield.

- - - -- MATSMATS.—For GARDENERS and FURNITURE RE- MOVERS.—G. M. JOIIES. 9,Blackfriara-st.tdanchester.

EADE's PILLS - PILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Emma PILLS. All who suffer from Gout or EALR'S Rheumatism should immediately Hundreds of Testimonials have EADB'S piLLs. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EaDßs piu.s. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very VADE's plus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation C9er given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Eurton-creseent Dewsbury road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. I ) HRUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with untbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in ROUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had 11) HBUMATIS M Rheumatic Gout, and! hact three months in bed with it. Of course G_OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton, HBUM AT ISM The next spring I had another IL attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Fills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM soy being laid up again. Ever singe, when I have ntvi the lea,t GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have beea all right again RHE UMATI SM directly. I WOULD NOT 131% WITHOUT GOUT THENI IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUM TISM You are quite at IR erty to make what use you Dice of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased te answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHBU MA T M n.O (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALNERT Mourrs.rf." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. iii. and 2s. ed or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOEMELL-HOA.D, B.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT A.ND dIiUU MATIO PILLS. -17 r.JADE B PILLS

NOVELTY, VALUE, STYLE, CHRISTMAS GOODS .&c. WI. ISHERWOOD & CO. (LATE POOLE.) SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALITY HOUSE FOR GLOVES. DENTS KID and 'MINDERE Lined Silk Is. 111 d. to ss. 11d, per pair. Long Evening Silk Gloves, Lace Tops.fronn is. 63. Long Creme Suede Gloves 3s 63. Perfect Fitting Fabric Gloves, Lined Silk, from is. to 2s. 6d. per pair. FANCY LACE GOODS Just to Hand from London Very Choice Lot of Lace Fichus. Bows, Fancy Collars, Ties, &c. Love'y Goods at Medium Prices. SPECIAL LOT OF LADIES SILK SHIRTS. LADIES SILK SHIRTS Delinate Evening Shades, Perfect Fitting. From Ss, lid each. Splendid Designs in Our Own Make Wool Shirts 43. 11d.to 10s. 6d. SPECIAL PURCHASE of Linen and Cambric, and Initial Handkerchiefs is. Md., 2s 33., 3s. 63. to 53 63., half dozen. FURS. Best value in the trade in FURS. Very useful presents Kolinskl, Bear. Sable. Stone Martin, Thibet Necklets. DRESSING GOWNS. New GOODS for CHRISTMAS. CHILDREN'S COAT' and CAPES CHILDREN'S MILLINERY. Hundreds of Children's PINAFORES for Christmas presents ; beautiful Lacey Designs. NOVELTIES for PRESENTS in UIIBEELLAS. BEST VALUE IN CORSETS. Special delivery of UNDERCLOTHING, Wool Goods. Flannelette Goods. White Underclothing. Splendid line in Ladies Winter Combinations, 3s. lid to 10s. 63. DRESSING CASES. Ladies and Gents Dressing Cases 4s lid to 30s. Oak Stationery Cabinets, with revolving American Desk Top, 22s 63. Smokers Cabinets, Liquer Cabinets, Card-Cases, Cigar- Cases, Handkerchief Satchels and hundreds of other useful Articles for presents, a:2. TOYS eOR THE CHILDREN CHRISTMAS CARDS GENT'S OUITITTING DEPARTMENT. Thousands of Tiesonew designs. Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, Mufflers, Linen Handkerchiefs, Kid Gloves, best value in the district. Under-vests, Pants, &c., Special value, 2s 113, 3s 11d, 4s 11d, 5s 11d, Wool and Linen Shirts, our own make, 48 11d, 58 11d, 7s lid. DRESSING GOWNS, TRAVELLING RUGS, UM- BRELLAS, FANCY WAISTCOATS, &a, W. ISHERWOOD AND Co., SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS! CHRISTMAS PRESENTS! JOHN FINLAYSON. THE POPULA.R JEWELLER, 42, HORS Elt ARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON. IS NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest designs in GOLD AND SILVER JEWELLERY, PLATE, ETC., for the present season. Our prices are undoubtedly lower than any other establishment in town, A visit will prove it.

IF YOU WANT A REAL CHESHIRE GOOSE OR TURKEY DON'T BE IMPOSED) UPON WITH FOREIGN STUFF, SEE Mo DERNIOTT, THE RABBIT KING, NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON. DON'T PAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPS.

M. T. GILLIGAN (UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH THEILATE JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 3.3, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he bee by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair stWeYof your kind patronage.

CHRISTILJ SEASON 1900. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. ABE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL EXIIIBITION OF USEFUL FANCY ARTICLES AND NOVELTIES. SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. They Invite Inspection of the many Beautiful and Ckoice Articles, Collected from the Various Manufac- turing Sources at Home and Abroad, Embracing : STERLING SILVER GOODS, ELECrRo PLATE, CHOICE CEIINA AND BRIC-A- BRAC, ART FAT ",r,RNS, LEATFIER WARE, CABINET GOODS, BRASS AND COPPER WARE, ART EMBROIDERIES, LAMP SHADES, aELEC ;BIC LIGHT SHADES, FANS, GLOVES ; UMBRELLAS, H AND- KERC HIEPS, DOLLS, MECHANICAL TOYS, GAMES, GIFT t!OOKS &c. IN GREAT VARIETY. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND Ca, LTD • LIVERPOOL.

END OF SEASON SALE. LADIES' AND „GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAINS. CYCLE CAPES FROM 2s. 11D. GENTLEMEN'S SAC COATS FROM 14s. 11D, J. E. HUGHES AND SONS, 36, PARADISE-STREET (OFF CHURCH-STREET), LIVERPOOL. LATE Sr. GEORGE'S CRESCENT. A FEW ODD GARMENTS FROM ss. 11D.

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS !! THE LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE FOB LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS Uh/BRELLAS AND RIINSILIDES Itht,JVHIIHD IN HALF AN HOUR FROM SS. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. ANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all itslbranches. JOHN BYRO.II. PRACTICAL VIOLIN LUKER AND RBPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanoto, RENBHAW-STREBT, LIVERPOOL•

JAMES ATKINSON'S XMAS BAZAAR. NOW OPEN. PRESENTS FOR THE CHILDREN'. DOLLS, TOYS, AND GAMES IN LARGE VARIETY. PRESENTS FOR ADULTS. PURSES, SATCHETS. PHOTO FRAMES, ORNAMENTS of every degeription, PERFU7;7IY, WORK BASKETS, HANDKERCHIEF AND GLOVE BOXES, CARD CASES, DRESSING CASES, &c. &c. FOR DECORATIVE PURPOSES. JAPANESE UMBRELLAS, LANTERNS, &c., in all shanPs and size 9. TABLE DECORATIONS, FLOWERS, PLANTS, PALMS, FERNS, &c., &c. PRIVATE XMAS CARDS FROU 1/6 PER DOZ. A Large variety of Messrs. Raphael Tuck's XNIAS CARDS. Thousands to select from. From id. each. !A VISIT OF INSPECTION SOLICITED. JAMES AIIKINSON, 4, 11, AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, ARE NOW SHOWING A SPLENDID STOOK OF FANCY ARTICLES FOR THE XMAS SEASON. COMPRISING BOHEMIAN, DRESDEN, AND AUSTRIAN GLASS AND CHINA, PHOTO FRAMES, PURSES. SATCHELS, CHATELAINE BAGS, AND METAL GOODS. PERFUMES, PICTURES JEWEL CASES, DRESSING CASES, AND A GREAT VA RIE IT OF OTHER USEFUL ARTICL ES OF A CHOICE CHARACTER. FLORAL AND TABLES, DECORATIONS, ARTIFICIAL PLANTS, &c. CHRISTMAS CARDS. WILLIAM HODGKINSON. LIMITHD, are showing a really beautiful collection of CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR CARDS and CiLLENDERS at extremely moderate prices. Also a CHOICE SELECTION of PRIVATE . CHRISTMAS CARDS. (Printed to order at short notice). UMBRELLAS. WILLIAM HODGKINSON, LI VIITED. have purchased a LARGE STOOK of very HANDSOME GOLD and SILVER-MOUNTED UMBRELLAS, 'Which they are now shewing. 46 & 43 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL SHOWROOM FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS. PRIVATE CHRISTMAS CtIRDS FROM TWO SHILLINGS PER DOZEN. ARTHUR DAVIDSON, (LATE LOWE AND LAITHWAITE) 61, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. BANKS, 69 HORSEMARKET STREET, AND S 'COTLAND-RD WARRINGTON, LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S HATTER AND OUTFITTER, LADIES' ENTRANCE IN SCOTLAND ROAD. !GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE CHRISTMAS The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblll. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canistec AND 5d.. 103., and le. Bd. each. Wholesa:e by J. GEODES Imp SON. LTD WARBINGTOS ESTABLIHED 1833

MC _DOWELL'S LIMITED. CARRIAGE BUILDERS, TOWN IMPROVEMENTS. ALTERATION AND RR-ARRANGEMENT of Premises. SPLENDID NEW SHOWROOMS Will shortly be opened with entirely new stock, Present Stock will be sold out at GREAT REDUCTIONS. GRAND OPPORTUNITY to secure HIGII-CLASS GOODS at VERY LOW PRICES. RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTNIAS ! /11RISTMAS ! FOR A. CHOMP SELECTION OF CHRISTMAS & NEW EAR CARDS AND 0 RIST MAS PRESENTS IN GREAT VARIETY, GO TO T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER " OFFICE. MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN

THE WARRINGTON SLATEA.)O., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FVOM THE QUARRIES OF THI3I BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OPFICX AND WHARF ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Ofilce Pdarson Street, Warrington

"A . WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVia-R ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSES. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASE, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION ! A Bona- fide Written Guaraiitee for Fifteen Years given with earta watch. This watch can be had In ALL SIZISS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTA NCH AND CO.. we tehmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent pest free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWTNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful!and valuable remedy ever die covered. CIHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for !LI Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, group, Ague. 011LORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Choleraand Dysentery. CI.ILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. CLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- ea, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULToN AND Co., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whitever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over , all other sedatives ; thht it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell comrannicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUT lON.—BEIVAR E OF PIRACY AND IMITA- Tiotira. CAITTIoN.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. Pam.: WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLIS BRoWNE was- nnioubtedly, the inventor c f "OHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Zimes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lir-, 2a. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ing Medica testimony accompanies each bottle

.. . .... • , • ••• • -...:.,!,....: ',i,.;,?.• ;,-,:,,•.. -.: ,_ ;-. : - • , • • - . _ • • ',., • • ~- ~; '. ', .' .1 z‘,...,:,,,,,, ~,,•:., ' , _,..:tf..- •., .c, I , • . ...' .... •-- 4 , -,..!..4- I -:• : ' , : .---,4l',•'_:-.: , . , .;. , ' a '.. .•,.:4:,,, ".i''':,,_-7'n".,-;',1,, ',:, ,''• ~, ,' ',. , • .:., 4- 7 -'' ' ' • ''' -,-, ,"/ =:':(. 7-tiv, .. )1:-...4;,,,,, . • :;;-",4 ~.'",.,- t":,.!, ' 'l, ''',. • , : '-' '. -, : , . • ::',:," ' . ' . •,,,,,,,-.., .. ~.,•.,;,‘.l„ ...1.•4!„..t., 41..'7',..-P, ... - , • • • *.rtz-‘,. t•••'-`, --, =,;,:Zi• :" •?-4.1.414, '.- ' '",' . , ~ ... ..., - . -,-, 1,,,,` , *- •• - 7;:.1.?".' ~ ''..: '.!-,, %., -,j, •:,,,,o`iV.'e -,, ,f.,,, ..(4 .. , ,7,-,-.,,,,,. -.;;%-,;;E -,,,,',',1%,•,:, , 15-'4.17k, ~,L :;,.....-- ' • •-•-- . ''' --- .-''' '-' - - 't--.4.f;;;;Ji7:„tifty,,,,,,...,';.,.., '',.',•`•.,F!,. 1;-,,,..t,,, ....„,.,,,..- .•-•".1.7,' ' ~ ./.._ ,t ' '', ,* `: .. '<-4. . ' -.4. 1,.:'•-t-,-,,,,' ''',- •. : - ...,-- ,---..." , -.. titt l''••••,,;k7 ,:. •:" • ~ , .., 't:-'•`;'_.,,'„i'*:',4', ~.;••-•:-• . - -, -, . ' •- • •••• .P‘R,f.''..i ''.f.., ":::::.•4''. - '., ..?"..t.....".'t•''' '44:',,,,,,': .}...' , r:1; ‘. % ';' ':. ' '-..:.,''Sje'f* 1.:...i...',.•.: .4:4, "r.i:r:. '''t '' The -...i,--.,•:', 1 .. • . , , ' • - _ ~,,,......-,,,,_ ..,....-1......,-:: _,•,.., •,:,..,,, ~;-• ~- ~„,,,,-., ~-,....'., .•,....: _ .;„..1 ~....• „...,...,,...,,,,,......„, ....... •,•• -,.. . .. New ...[ .. „. ._,_ ~ .• ~. ~.„.7-----• ,- . ~,,,r ~, , • •,--• ~, 9 •,,,,,,,.ii".:-,\----z;H,14.,:.,-:,,,:,...--,,,,, .. -- ~4,-.7,,,,,,,,,,, Ftraisio; .1.,7•1 .%--t--,-, - ' -'.',.. - , . . , . 5 _ . Contains everything necessary to make LINEN GLOSSY, STIFF and FLEXIBLE.. '*Does- not .Stic..K to the . troll ~,.A'lrdtow.:l6.,diged to be the , BEST. -: B"TAAts iH.:s. 01.0....,:'::-:,:,:,.. Ivhicle;il;'"-'the• Marii:,fa'Ci-ui:er'S OF he cetebrafsed.'Reckit'r's'..Parii.-:Bil.fe'..?,',

• REDUCTION IN PRICES. FOR INCANDESCENT • BURNERS. •Ak INCANDESCENT MANTLES. :I INCANDESCENT • • CHIsiNEYs. dif : INCANDESCENT GLOBES. - ALL KINDS OF SMOKE • PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES. OF DIFFERENT COrtidES AND PA !TERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE K ATCHED OR EXCHANGED 4T ADAMS, 80 Sr. JAMP'S PLACE. INDow GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT SUBSTANCES. BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Telephoqe: No. 570. HOSPITAL k .TRAINED NURSES INSTITUTION. FI) MALE AND FEMALE NURSES AND 15 •• E ATTENDANTS. . Z _ 0 CI- mtDICALSURCICAL & MoNTHLY NURSES c 0 au.F.LirD TO THE 0 c. MEDICAL PROFESSION, PUBLIC HO.PITALS AND PRIVATE FAMILIES. , r- co HOPE STREM LIVERPOOL Telegraphic Address: Nurses.' " . c NA-7:71. 4 _ 13Tc AUG.c LifOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. 1.4 GUITARS. VI OL I NS, &C, dal Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE. MAKER'S name Inside. Rose- wold. ornamentEd; 12s. 6d. Carriage paid. ARCIUZIL AND SONS. sT. GLIORG6S. CRESOaNT. TOP OF LOUD- STREET. LIVERPOOL. Ets:abllshed 1848.

„2•,,,,,,eat .az-,4•.'•;'''. ‘.;;:go,e; AP'. ~:'..::PW,16'1440,+...if.&,' ~,,,.:4---,;,-: - ..--,-..,'„,' ...1.-- ..,-..0 . ---4,-*' ; ~.i.a4--,4,2,,A.,-.,.7 -,...• , ~,, F,I-,,,,,P.,T,,,t.1q '..-c-n:l,-... tt4,',....-- *ry '''' - ''. f ' ' ;-..1v --i' ' ' •-' • %-it's..,- --% - -.L. P./ %-`,--%. - ..7.-Ixt-4,,,k2.;4% - . '' --.....:. i,„ ,;,77 ...t,,, 7.:.:•,-: .1%9,, , ~ ~. 4.... ::.,F,,,,..,,,,..,,,`.: ~:: ••• ,:ticri: :4....i.%.,.::.;•,,i .7,,,,,.-1.: ~.,._;:,,, : ::.,..., ~,5'...".. .' ' ~ .. : ~. ..;,''' : .' z: i.: ~,. t: .. ' -r?.. 4- ' ' • ~ .4., ,s, -.L. ~; : . :,.,,, -., ; : k., • ~...,.... , . . .• ~ . ... . I: '',A,..1"`.. .0' ''.=. 441, Ir. ~i '',., :: -ii -= , , .„,.. , , ,, , :. c.,:,..,.. —: . . ' A , • k, , , ,'"1.,„,0f. . .i.,.. - ..,.%.t..t.'•:,..m. .. f „IV . SZ, - 4,', ,I. ~p . ~ • , _'.. ~ lr ' ‘.4.-r ''''., "Or -''' • ,) .'4 ''' 1 fP. . 3/4 '''' ",,,,, ' ' , • '•?:',.. 44.” *Z' e .-- ... =,- • -„,,,,1„,,,,, ..-..., 4,-4 1„...,,„„?..„ ~„. „.,..,i, 3 ~.,,,,, i, : „.„ • , 4 IP, vi,-..,,,.,,,44,..,:,,,4,,,1z-ifftr..4,,-,,...,,,,,, ....., ...,;**4 ' '',5..,-' • i". ?.4'.. . ~ . • 14',.. • ... , .......:- ~,,... ~:. . . ' ..'.5 '' .• .'.V., ', ' 6*,...' 'A ..,,,Ly-' ...,..., ' . ~ ' ..,;•"-...- ~,:,.'h -,A.,...,:..4,...,.@,-, ; .1,,t, -:,,, ..,,,•T_f-,:,.1',.:-k.y,:,,f;-&:','n-iT,..',:t,....::,ii,-.,„,... 1 .6 a ~..41;,..:.t ~,.,u;.. ..,.,34.?...,, t.4.W.',4*,'L.VirrU.U€4fr:! „I. "'"" - -s.'iqi!,i•e,4e7.-.;:S-Xs*.t,'''': 41,Nayt *,f--4A 221;',,,,,,,5v.wAtft,A*4.:,-. '-..--,V1447444.•;" ''', sfif:lti,,:FlW,k_l7:Wpc4:l,;,44=ft,f4As;:4,7-.4.'5:1Z -c.''.':','''‘..."l;il.-T:4-7,;,,,'''.,-) ' ' • .t.,,,- ; '--..--:-;,- .-:.;,-, -:....~ ffk...4.,,---- ~-4*--,..' ''';•. 4N 4,1 !:, - ; --,-.. ar. ~.,,,7:..5...,::,.,.,,,...1..1...c.._ 4...._, . --4-- - . .). ' -v-• ~..-,4 , . ei, ,:,, ,3.4 - , -• ,l, _• , - en- ~,.. . .., .. 1 -',- " ;#'11.,13/47.4-,,, ~...Mq'S i • .:' ~... -..-Y.str.."l,ti,-;•??.--.' '' . - . 4 .1....=,.. -Iti'..e.., .• •• . -', .. ... ~ . ~....- - .

I in connection with the soeiety since the auspicious event I took place. and he (the Mayor) felt certain he was only Ivoicing the feelings of every member of tbe society wheu be:expressed the hope that Sir Gilbert and Lady Gresoall had before them very many years of happy wedded life and public usefulness, and if, as they alt hoped would be the case, ziir Gilbert's interest in this and kindred in- stitution s was maintained as in the past the whole dis- trict would have great reason to b, grateful for his con- tinued residence among them. (11-ar, hear.) Be had much pleasure in supporting the proposition and hoped the re-election would be accompanied by a few words of congratulation in the terms he had mentioned. The proposition was unanimously and heartily agreed to: THE VICE-PRESIDENT. On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Coon- cillor BENNETT, Colohel Cornwall Legh was appointed vice-president. COMMITTEE. ' The following cemmittee with the president and vice- president as ex-officio members was appointed, on the motion of Mr. VERE DA vIES,SO !or:,-kcl by Mr. CHANDLEY —Messrs. R Aincoueh, A Broome,T Chernoek, R Garke, P Davies, W Fairhursn El Greencugh, J Gould, S Gould, E Gibbon, James Hepherd, W A Jonef, J Main Waring, IT Mandsley, A Milling, jun., J Shakeshaft, J Tinsley, jun.' F Tinsley, J Tickle, Colonel Hall Walker, J Waite, and 11 G Roberts. REVISED RULES. Revised rules of the society were read by the Secre- tary, and approved. Tne meeting then terminated. him to more than a mere formal recognition of the valuable services he had rendered to agriculture gener- ally through the society. What was a very email thing a few years ago had become a very important f,!atu,e in work of this kind in this part of England. (flear,hear.) Ile should like to take this opportunity—he did not know whether the committee had already done 9-3 —of offering to Sir Gilbert Groenall and his excellent wife the society's very sincere congratulations upon their

AT CHRISTMAS TIME. You are puzzled what to give your friends and neighbours. You want to give them something good, something useful, some- thing that will be a pleasant reminder of your thoughtfulness. Now, there is no present more welcome in a household than a canister of really good tea. It does not spoil if not used immediately, and is never out of season. There is, too, a peculiar appropriateness in a present of tea being made at Christmas when each home has its festival. But when you buy, be sure you get good tea, tea that will make a friend of every lady who drinks it, a tea like Brooke, Bond's Tea, a small spoonful of which is stronger and better than a large spoonful of other tea. BROOKE BOND'S TEA FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. For Christmas and New Year Gifts, Brooke, Bond's Four Favourite 1/6, 1/8, 2/- and 2/4 Teas are packed in artistic canisters and sold, by Agents, complete, at these prices: 1-Ib. CANISTER: 1/9, 1111, 2/3, 2/7. 3-Ib. CANISTER: 5/-, 5/6, 6/6, 7/6. 6-Ib. CANISTER: 918, 10/8, 12/8, 14/8. Brooke, Bond & Co., Ltd., pack tea for Parochial Distribution and for Charities, in onc-ounce packets at ltd. and in two. ounce packets at 3d. each. 30,000 AGENTS SELL EXACTLY THE SAME TEAS AT EXACTLY THE SAME PRICES. Immediate attention is given by Agents to orders. Letters and post-cards seeking further particulars may be addressed to Brooke, Bond & Co., Ltd., 17, Piccadilly, Manchester. BROOKE, BOND'S TEA

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL 7011BUSINE88 OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd. SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE ,HYDRO, Physician: Dr, BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

XPERIBNCIiD French TBACHEIR, good connection, highly recommended, has Vacancies for private pupils, conversation a speci4lity.—C. S., 40 UPPER PARLIAMENT- STREET, Liverpool,

HIGH CLASS SCHOOL for Girls, Doleithyn Towyn, N, Wales, splendidly situated, bracing sea and mountain air. Sound modern education. Preparations for Exams, Govercess pupil required! Principal bliss Cook.

MR. TOM BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR. Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-STBMIT. WARILINGTON.

PUBLICANS REQUIRINOr THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING :OR RE-SEATING SHOULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE ANY DISTANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTERS, FITkINGS ac.

MISS .13.ti1tniA BOUtJkIIEI, A.L.U.M. is prepared to receive PUPILS for tbe Violin. Lessons at own or pupils' residence, or on Monday's at Mr. Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-street. Terms, Sm, on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-ROAD, Stockton Heath.

ATANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE £4 48. PER TERM. The NEXT TEIIM begins TUESDAY, JANUARY 15th, 1901. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION. MONDAY, JANUARY 14TH, ISOI, at 9a.ru. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, iitc„ may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in *connection with the School, a aitu.ted in Higher ziroughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

F. R. LAMB & CO., HOTEL AND BAR FITTERS. puzs MEDAL BEET ENGINES, BETH AND SPIRIT TAPS, CORK DRAWERS, MULLETS, TABLES. Send for Prices. Estimates tree. MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER. Telephone 08915.

HARROP BROS. AND COMPANY. PEWTERERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS-7 PATENT DRIPLESS BEllit-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

ruwo New Stylish Governess Cara on Sale of best make at redu..ed prices to clear for winter at YARR'S Carriage Works. Chapel,treet, Ormskirk.

TALENT AND CO, Carriage Makers, Higher Broughton Manchester;J. Landaus, Broughams, Wagonettes, Italli-cara, Gigs, etc. listimates and Sketches supplitd free of cost. SALB, cheap, three 10h-ORBAM HAND-OAU tS and kJ Pony Cart, Freezers and Tuba; also nhooting Gallery, all complete, with eight Guns, for £8 ; owner no use for it. —Apply, 15, k,WAIMIort-STREET, a.lackpool. CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, AUDLEY rREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

OIN EMATOGRArIi ITEItTAINMEL IS for bazaars. (schools, private parties, &e. Latest war pictures. Terms moderate.—ScuouVa Puoo hT °EU, 3b South Castle-street, Liverpool.

TO ORGANISTS AND CONCERT AGENTS.— SOLO BOY desires Bugagements.powerful voice, thor- oughly zeliable, for sacred or secular music, quartettes, &c. Address (in first instance) PhkCENTon. 73, BArk-zoa.i, Birkenhead.

SHA LSKIN JACKIST, very handsome, fashionable shape, storm collar, equal to new, £6 10s.—Div18, Pawnbroker, Strangeways, Manchester. -PORFRITED, Marquise Ring, eontaining 15 genuine lovely white and brilliant diamonds, neatly mounted in 18-ct. gold, £8 105.— DAVIS, Pawnbroker, Btrangeways, Manchester. FORFRITED, Gold Centre Seconds Hunting Watch, Forber, Liverpool, £8 10s. ; Gold Curb Double ,Albert, 535., Hall-marked.—Devos, 59, Strangeways, Manchester.

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING RYDER LLOYD AND (JO., WITH REtPECT TO ANY KIND o BUSINESS YUU MAY DEsIRE To PURCHASE ou SELL; AB,3OI4UTELY 'THE BEST MEDIUM • BUYERS SUITUD FILER; QUICK SALES AT IiODERATE Etc IIXSD CHARGES; EL SALE, NO CHARLIE ; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED ; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED; CALL, WRITE OR TELEPHONE, 01f.9. RYDER ,LOYD AND CO., EISTABLLMED 1837. . g GIA, OLD HAYMARKET, LIVERPOOL (Close to Lime-street and Central station). - TRONHONGERY and TINPL 3TE- WORKING BUSINESS FOR SALE ; established over 60 years ; satisfactorS reasons for disposal.-1,147, IAtEsTER-aosu, Stretford, near Manchester.

A LL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved. lars tree.—Eiddress ELIGBox. Box 278. north-street, Nottingham.

Good String Twill BAGS, 44 per dozen, 51 by Jay 23. T WALsa,lOl, Johnson-street, Blackburn. " 000 PUULTttY ; immense k'ULLY UM.) B WAI YULLTo, lay directly. 2t. 3d. eaoh.—Buree FARM, Thurstanland, Huddersfield. PROFITILBLIC GOODS TO SILL. livery kind. Method tor beginners. Wholesale book free.—Write HENRY ZtlAlt. Merchant. (624), Birmingham.

AMEKEEPHIVS-RABBIT NETS made from 4-fold super Vi flax, 60 vittifv, 40s. Plaited Cords.—Joismon's NET W4.11E1101,81, 38, CerPerition-atreet, Manchester.

JOHN BROWN & Co 4000UNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINr..sS AGENTS. (ESJABLIBRED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLASES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL' d BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTEI JOHN-ST.

I Q GUINHAS for £2B Iron Frame PIANO, Walnut, latest eJ improvements. Ten years warranty. Tweive months trial.—Addrese A.(l, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

I F YUU WANT A Real Cheshire UOO r TURKRY for I_ Christmas, see McDmintoTT, The Rabbit Ring, near bridge toDt Latchford.

42TAMPS.—A Collector wishes to buy some old POSTAGE L) STAMPS. either a collection or loose ones.—Apply COLLECTOR. " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

GLASS AND AUCTIONEERS AND VALUERS, ESTATE, INSUR- ANCE AND BUSINESS TRANSFER AGENTS. 41, CORPORATION-STREET. MANCHESTER. Valuers to the Drapery. Millinery, Mantles, Furniture, Irontnonge y. Cutlery, Jewellery. Boot and Shoe, Toy and Fancy Goons, Grocery and Provisions, Bakers and Confec- tioners, Tobaccos, Sweets. Off Licences, Also of fixtures, Utensils and Machinery, eic., Ac. Also Fully Licensed and Beerhouses. PERSONS DESIROUS to SELL or BUY BUSINESSES are advised to CONSULT GLASS and Cu., 41, CORPORA- TION-sTRRET, MANCHEsTEn. BUTCHER'S, Village 3 miles out, taking £2O weekly £2O. GROCERY and PROVISIONS, Bury taking £2) weekly £9O includes stick. CONFECTIONERY. SWEETS, and MINERALS, taking £lO weekly £4O includes stock. PROVISIONS, in country taking £35 to £4O weekly £l7O Stock at valuation FISH and CHIP SHOPS, £2O, £25, £4O, £65, £9O, and £lOO all doing good trades. OFF-LICENCES. £56, £225. £27C, doing good trades. MILLINERY and DREsSMAKING, Rochdale doing .212 weekly £306 suit two ladies. NOTE OUR ADDRESS, GLASS AND COMPANY, 41, CORPORATION-STREET. MANCHESTER.

CIABAIIIE.—Rich Yellow and Variegated long YOWL- SHItLii COOKS; splendid songsters; 3s. 6d. each, 2 tor 65.--tiAiIDY, 4, Allestree-road, Fulham, London.

(lIVING AWAY. two BRUSSELS CARPET RUGS, kJ Bordered 60in. by 27in. 321 u. by 18in. Carriage Paid U.—WOODS, Manufacturer, 88, Roaebitnk-Areet, Dundee,

e imn ea nx p e(uncsi rvend shei rulrfltiwveillTreeantd m e freent. U :lig sCI °not( htamped address. Box 46, 69, CasTLE-sTttEaT, Carlisle. S&NOMA. DERMA.LINE and Wrinkle Eradicator will add beauty to the Skin and give rcnewed youth to the middle-aged; Is, 2s and 45.-BASOLIA, Booth-street, Picca- dilly, Manchester. pRIVATE CHRISTMAS CARDS, printed in Gold with own wording, name and address, from Is. 6d. per dozen; sample book sent.-7:IIO3EAS BROTHERS AND CO,, Printers, 34, 36 and 37, Everton-road, Liverpool, IL HOW TO ENSURE HEA.LTH."—A. medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds ot Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES, 43, Lonsdale Square, Bamsbury, London,N ILD VIOLIN, stamped Duke £4; flee Viola labelled, kl Carle Bergonzi ; also Violoncello, Italian made; four string Bass, property of a professor. Must sell to close an estate.—C. 13. HALES, Auctioneer. 27, Houghton-street, Liverpool.

/ IHRISI3IA.S POULTRY ; bplundid fat geese, 10Ibs ki 73.6(.1.,12 lb 9s; Turkeys 10 lbs 8s 6d 121bs. 10s; ducklings bd. 3d. couple, grand chiakens ss. couple; all carriage paid, grand pullets 2s. 3d. each.— BUTT'S FARM. Thurstanland, J-luddersfield.

MR. R C NU UTER. AUCTIONEER, LICEN: C. ED VALUER AND BUSINESS 1 TRANSFER AGENT. STOCKS VA.LUED, BUSINESSES TRANSFERRED. AUCTION SALES ARRANGED, TOWN OR COUNTRY.' If you wish to SELL or BUY A BUSINEsS, write or Cal on Mr. BUTTER. 45, MARKET-STEET, MANCHESTER' quick sale guaranteed. (Established 30 years). Mr. NUI"IER, has the following Businesses for sale. HAY CORN AND PROVENDER TRADE, £3.750 Yearly £1,400. CYCLE AND MOTOR Profits £740 Yearly £2 500. FRUIT, FLOUR aAci. PWATO Salesman, 2.0,0 Weekly £1,200. MORECAMBE. CONFECTIONERY AND APARTMENT HOUSE, £B5O. FULLY LICENSED PUBLIC, £4B weekly £575. CHESHIRE. VILLAGE PUBLIC TRADE. 223 Weekly £275. SOUTHPORT. CAB and COACHING, Clearing £3OO Yearly £1,500. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £4O Weekly £230. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY wits brisk TRADE, £2,100 Yearly £3OO. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £l6 Weekly £l3O. SOSTHPORT. CYCLE and MOTOR Business, £3OO All. BEERHOUSE TRADE, 7 Barrels Weekly, £2OO. BEERHOUsE TRADE. 4 Barrels Weekly, £llO. BEER AND WINE HOUSE TRADE, 4 Barrels Weekly, £5O. STATIONERY pnd FANCY TRADE. £l2 Weekly £l5O. STATIONERY NEWS, and FANCY TRADE, £l2 Weekly £l3O. , TOBACCO and NEWS TRADE, £lO Weekly £75. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY. NICE TRADE. £5O. OFF-LICENsE aud GROCERY TRADE, £7 Weekly £9O. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE. £l6 Weekly £l3O. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE, £25 Weekly £2lOO FRUIT and FISH TRADE, £5O Weekly £l5O. FRUIT and FISH TRADE, £25 Weekly £53, COAL I3USIDiESS TRADE, 17 tons Weekly, Horse and Cart £6O. MILK BUSINESS, Clearing £5 Weekly after expenses, 2225, MILK BUSINESS, Pony and Float, nice Trade, £7O. MILK BUSINESS, Pony Ana Float, 43 dozen Weekly, £55. CAB AND COACHING BUSINESS, Clearing £5 Weekly after Expenses £250. FRIED FISH and CHIP TRADE, £l5 Weekly £llO. ZILIED FISH and CHIP TRADE, £5 Weekly £so' RESTAURANT £203 CITY, Clearing ES Weekly after Expenses , . DINING-ROOM and CONFECTIONERY, NICE TRADE. £6O. GROCERY and CONFECTIONERY TRADE, £lB Weekly (Rochdale) £l2O. SWEETS, TOYS and MINERALS TRADE, £7 Weekly £6O. DINING ROOMS and CONFECTIONERY (City) £5O. HAND LAUNDRY TRADE. £2O Weekly £2&O. srlia.o LAUNDRY, Large Plant, First Class TRADE, £350.1 1 STEAM LAUNDRY, Large TRADE. Modern Plant, £5OO. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £l5 Weekly £llO. COAL and HERBALIST Business 6 Tons Weekly good Herbalist TRADE, £5O. COAL CARRYING WAGGONETTE Business Profits, £5 Weekly after expenditure £3OO OU'IFITTING BUSINESS TRADE, £7 Weekly (Main Road) £5O. STATIONERY, BOOKS, FANCY GOODS TRADE, £l,OOO per Annum £4OO. sIATIONERY, NEWS and FANCY GOODS TRADE, £22 Weekly £263. MR. DI U 3 TER, 45, MARKET St.. only sells Genuine Con- cerns. All Bwainessos Guaranteed.

HICUSIATISM AND PAILALY:iIS.—Their complete Rome cure. Frelace by Dr. Cole. Recommended by, the ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free on receipt of post- card. Address :—PußLlstiEns, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester.

IVO B SOLD.—Farnwortb, near WiAnes.—The extensive Works. latAy used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yarels of Freehold Land, With siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick- street, Liverpool.

VLECTEICITY I ELECTRICITY ! ! ELECTRICITY! I 1.11 Everyone interested in Electricity should procure the '• Practical Engineer " Electrical Pocket BOOK for 1901 now ready. price is. and is. 6d., postage 2d.—TECUNICAL PUBLISHING Co. .Limited, 31a, Whitworth-street, Manchester, and all Booksellers. HOLMES, HOLMES, HOLLIES. From 3 to 8 feet. recently tiansplanted. Guaranteed to lift and be &livered with good balls of earth. Forest trees in variety from 6to 12 feet, recently transplanted. Also a great assort- ment of Ornamental Trees and tihrubs, all guaranteed to be delivered in good condition. Catalogues on application.— THomeis fi TEAL IND SON, Holly Nursery. Bold near Widnes

riAßTßlDGES.—Warrilow's Noted ellippenham, for kill- ing, with treble strong powder, superior English wads, cases, and chilled shot, any size to order—Brown, 5s 9d ; blue. 6s ; green, 6s 6d; long shot reds, 7s 6d; unequalled, smokeless, reduced recoil light report. no smoke, but most effective, 7s 6d ; superior. 83 6d ; best, 93 6d ; special for. pigeon shooting, lee., 108 6d ; these are special prices for cash with order only ; 500 sent carriage paid if cash with order. " Shoot the ' Kynoak ' Smokeless powder," remaikable for killing and absolute safety ; gun repairs, re-stock, re-bore, choke, and snooting a speciality. Gct full particulars free from WARRILOW'S GUN AND CARTRIDGE WORKS, Chippen- ham, Wilts.

IMMENSE SUCCESS WHY? BECAUSE HENRY WESTON LIIVIITED 9 9 33, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE GIVEN THE PUBLIC CLOTHING AT SUCH PRICES THAT HAVE HITHERTO BEEN UNKNOWN IN WARRINGTON AND Disraicr. NEVER BEFORE HAVE THE IN- HABITANTS OF' WARRINGTON HAD SUCH A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY OR PURCHASING. CLOTHING FROM THE MANUFAOrLTRERS AT SUCH RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES. SEE OUR WINDOWS, AND NOTE THE ADDRESS.

M ;C.D. SPECIAL LINE IN OVE RCOATS. A GOOD SERVICEABLE OVERCOAT OF RELIABLE MELTON CLOTH WITH VELVET COLLAR, FOR 16s. YOU CANNOT GET THIS COAT ELSEWHERE, AS IT IS OUR OWN MAKE, AND IS SOLD AT .A PRICE WHICH DEFIES COMPETITION SEE THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT'S WINDOIN S FOB BARGAINS IN WINTER OVERCOATS, 8. AND 10, HO RSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS USEFUL AND BEAUTIFUL. ' AND AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. AT THE PIOINEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. YOU CAN EFFECT AN IMPORTANT SAVING. AND IN ADDITION ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION. IN GREAT BRITAIN. MOST ARTISTIC FURNISHING STORES OUT OF LONDON, . ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES FREE.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLA.TE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. XMAS RICHARI) JEFFREYS XMAS PRhSENTS kJ I • Pit ILSBNTS 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largo Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOTOGEAPHS for Orystoleum and Panel P:.inting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER, FOR M ()R ET S INKS. (UNDER. ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCRE W-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS I LITID I NEVER FADE!

rr OBACCO, CIGAR, ‘,..).I.tiARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGIZAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 67 Years

Atbarts. INVES2MENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH Sr, SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STRtET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

ttr. _ TERTICAL BOILER for Sale, 6ft. 6in. by 4ft. insured at V 601 b. pressure.—HADFlELD, Lightbody-street.Liverpool. - - ABOUT 50 Good WOOD-WOREING MACHINES, all kinds; low priess.—GREFNWOOD'23, 48, Molesworth-3t. Roebdale.

EIGHT HORSE Power Traction Ei.IGZTh I for SALE price £lso.—Apply to S. T. Roan°max, Bickerstaffe, Ormakirk. OSALE, DOUBLE CHIP POTATO STOVE; new; will sal cheap ; too small for prcseut owner.—Apply UTTALL'B, High-street. Golborne.

FOR SALE FORFEITED PLEDGES, --- ITOCI I P ' ' RSE P lAG ACHINES FRONT is. PER PAIR. GLAZIER'S DIAMONDS FROM 4. EACH. AT H UGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JBWELLERR, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVE RPOOL. TELEPHONE 5,171. CASH LIBERALLY ADVANCED on Jewellery. Dia- monds. and Portable Property. Best prlce given for old-Gold and Silver Goods.

itiontp.

(2.A13 AND OIL ENGINES.—The Dudbridge, to 100 h.p. Cash or Easy Payments. Dynamos and motors. The Lister, latest and best type. send for Catalogue. Repairs of all IdOcI3.—CENTRAL tiAB ENGINE COMPANY, 6, Charles-street, Sackville-street, Manchester. qlO ENGINEERS, MECHANICS, and DRAUGHTSMEN, _L. ex.—Have you got your " Practical Engineer " pocket book for 1901 yet? If not don't idelay. Hun dreds were again disappointed last year. Pile Is and 15 6d, postage 20.—TECHNICAL PUBLIMIIING CO. LTD, 31, Whitworth-street, Manchester, and all Booksellers. ASPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOO LS, new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 18in, Centres bit to 201 t, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 2ft square to 12tt by 41t square. Drilling Radial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines. Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working Machinery. etc.—PWINGTON, a Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. Eatablithed 1864. JOHN G-. ILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET 6'flt,6ET, MANCIIESaIt. NEW 1900, HANDBOOK iiittuis.

pATENT OFFICIt LIANCIIESTIIR EaTABLISRED IN 1836. Nem GEORGE DAVllthtt SON have hail moie than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish, ment, and possess practioalknow/edige of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufacttlres. "Sell-help to the New Patent Law,' price ad. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price 10. EiRORGEI DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE,IIIANCHEST/111.

£150,000 fitofrrtoma Mortgage cen,ofbt Advanced on s Deposituntrs J. Deeds In to suit borrowere,in any part the co W. 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

1:86 500 G TO ADVANCE ON MORTGAGES 9 RiiVERSIONS, LEGACI &c. In terest :rum 3i per cent. CHIEF RENTS FOR SALE.—j. BHOWN, 50a, Lord-street, Liverpool. Tel. 1,0. 7486. Est. 1872.

£5, £7, £lO, £u. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on sour simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FILHELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF TILE CENTRAL STATIoN. MANAGER; JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS £5 TO £l,OOO, THE LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., 121, MkRSEY STREET WARRINGfON. THE ABOVE COMPANY IN PREPALED ,TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopliflepers and others or. reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH. DISTRICT MANAGER. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

BY MR. WILLIAM .ELLL9. • NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS AND OTHER LACE GOODS, On MONDAY. TUESDAY, and WEDNESDAY NEXT, DIWEMBER 17TH, 18TH, and 19TH, at the MART, 37, Corpozation-street, Manchester. ivIR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL by AUCTION at 11 o'clock, upwards of bOO Lots of Nottingham Lace Curtains and other Lace Goods. Catalogues. On view mornings of Sale.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE; AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STIIEET, IA ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 55. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and oeconci-hand furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. kurniture, itc., warehoused.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDUE STREET, WP..ItRINGTO FOR GOOD BOOTS.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSEY-STRERT. WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'iS MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppPred Bottles. Telephone No. 179, bTORES, OWEN STREET.

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6310. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KELLIR has had over 33 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained tke highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT. PITTS' S. LON i)ON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). ALSO AT PiTTs's PANTHEON, GA.YTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). --- PROMPT CLEARANCE IMPERATIVE, WOND",RFUL HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE. at 151, 221 28;e 38),50, 75. 100. 200, up to 1,000 guineas, epecially augmented in QUANTITY and QUALITY of articles for the Sale, represent ths highest standard of excellence procurable. They have obtained the universal ap. proval of critical connoisseurs. They easily,excel others. Full particulars and INIVN ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, cont.iining 700 designs, post tree. Cash prices only quoted ; U. ferred payrn ents arranged, suiting convenience. PITTS'S STOChTAKING SA LE—DI NIN G-ROO SUITES (Second-hand).—Servieeable Suite, in leather, substantial heavy chairs, cost £l3, for £5 ; another Suite, similar £5 10s. worth double ; exsellsnt Suite, in Smyrna saddle bags, Oriental blended colours, massive heavy frames, ' cost £l5, tor £6 lOs ; substantial solid oak Suite, luxuriously re-upholstered in best skins padded backs, small chairs, honest qualits , design. and workmanship. coat £25 for £l3 ; magnificent solid walnut Seite, in rich Oriental saddlebags. with velvet borders, divan couch, and elegant easy and small Chairs cost £3O for £l3 ; massive spoon hack Suite, very fine heavy frames. in real skins, cost £35, for £l5 , grand solid oak Suite, frames exceptionally heavy and elaborately carved very uncommon design. cost £4O, for £l7 ; another similar, In walnut, £lB. Two hundred to select from. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SA LK—DINING- TABLES (Second-hand). Splendid solid oak Table, extending frame. Leautifully figured wood, heavy massive legs, 811, cost £lO. for £5 108 ; another 12ft, cost £l2, for £9 ; substantial dining-table, with pine top and and extend- ing screw, cost £2. f r 250; innumerable Tables, all sizes and designs. in oak, mahogany, and walnut, at exceptionally low prices. pITTS'S STOCK rAKING SA LE.—SIDEBOARDS (Second-hand).—Handy Sideboard, in walnut, latest design, fitted with drawers. cupboards, Bm., cost £7. for £3 5s ; substantial solid oak Sideboarsi, massive and bold, cost £lO, for £5 ; very special solid oak Sicieboard,splendid design and workmanship, cost £l2, for £7 ; marvellous Sid board, very imposing design, coat £2O. for £9; grand walnut Side- board, cost £24. for £l2. Scores to select from, astonishing value, up to £6O each. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE. —DRAWING- ROOM SUITES (Second-hand) —Nice Suites, covered in serviceable tapestry, equal to new, cost ED, for £4 103 ; another, in frieze plush, £5 ; excellent Suite in stamped velvet, cost £lO, tor £5 be ; choice Suite, beautifully re- upholstered, in fine Genoa velvet, cost £l3, fir £7 10s ; artistic Chippendale Suite, Oriental covering, cat £l2, for £6 10s ; inlaid mahogany Suite, covered in silk, esst £l6, for £9; Chippendale Suite, expensive choice Bilk covering, cost £2O, for £lO 10s ; exquisite inlaid rosewood Suite, of choice character' latest design, beautifully covered in silk tapestry, lost £25, for £l4 ; elegant Louis XV. Suite in dark Chippen- dale mahogany, beautifully c)vered, cost £35, for £l9. Over a hundred Suites to select from, at all prices up to £4O each. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—DRAWING- ROOM CABINETS ('iecond-hand)—Solid Walnut Cabi- net with carved panels and bevelled plates,cost £5 10s, for£3 nicely figured Walnut, Cabinet, with marble slab and plate- glass back, cost £7 for £4 ; elegant Chippendale Cabinet, cost £l5 for £7 10s ; splendid Inlisl4 rosewood French Cabi- net, beautiful design, cost £2O for £3 15s ; exquisite inlaid rosewood Cabinet, exceptionally choice design, would grace any drawing-room, cost £3O for £l5. Scores ot others to select from up to £6O each. pITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—BEDROOM FURNITURE (Sec ind-hand).--Handsoine pair of stands, dressing chest has bevelled swing glass, washstand with marble slab, pedestal and rail attached and two chairs cost £6 for £3 15; convenient Suite, containing all requisite' articles, very nice design, cost £lO for £7 ; handsome Bed- room Suite, in rich black walnut, hand carved throughout, full-sited wardrobe, large bevelled plate,large stand and table pedestal, rail and chairs, cost £l6 for £9 ; elegant Bedroom Suite, landscape pattern, carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £lB for £lO ; taAeful Su te. in walnut, finely-designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors, everything complete, large sized stands and tables, pedestal, rail, chairs, cost £3O, for £l5 ; maghificeat suite of full numbers of articles, all large of beet workmanship and design, cost, £4O, for 4.:18 ; another similar, cost, £5O, for £::4- A hundred others up to £9.1 each Must be promptly cleared out. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS and BEDDlNG.—Largeat and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Hare chance tor cheap lines. Do not miss them. pITTS'S CARPETS and FLOOR COVERINGS.— Grand Display. Ali British makes, choicest designs, many of which exclusively exquisizely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. pITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSIr ETTES, MAIL CARTS,LAMPS, CHINA. GLASS, EARTHENWARE, Magnificent Selection. Astounding Value. Well worth inspection. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER, LOLSDON-ROAD (Ardwiek And Longsight Cars) ; GAYTLIORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1,124

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S CIJHLORODY NE Consumption, BUONOHITIS, TOWLE S CHLORODYNE Asthma, INFLUENZA., TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasms. DIARXHCEA.. Tdoses for 2s. oW LE'S CHLORODYNE . ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. LESCII BROS. & CO., IRONMONGERS, &c., 20, ,& 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. After over 30 YEARS' trading, are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS Clocks and Bronres 25 p.o. dis. Gas Fittings Marble Mantelpieces Grates, Ranges, Tiled Hearths lO Furnishing ironmongery lO „ CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. 'CUTLERY, PLATE. TONGS, COALBOXES, ART METAL WORK. &C.. &C. GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS. LEECH _BROS. & CO., 20..& 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

yOUR OLD oPOONS, FORKS, citumo TEA AND COFFEE SETS Re-plated with pure Silver, and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN %TEA US firat-clasa quality. OF • AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKRL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES. LOCKETS, &e.. RE-GILT, from 6d.

THE SAFEST MEDICiNE FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, Loss OF APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSITUDE, DYSPEPSIA, H.EART- BURN, LOWNESS OF FIRM!, GIDDINESS, C. AS A GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE DR. oco rr's PILLS ARIL UNEQUALLED. being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in their curative effects. They give RIG healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digeation, and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine Instead,butinsiet uponlhaving the right thing,which is wrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stanapa.

USEFUL UHRISTMAS PRESENTS, FREEBORN'S CORAZZA SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOR FITTING; ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS WORN. FINE LINEN FRONTS, • BANDS AND WRISTS. AND THE NEEDLE- WORK IS OF THE HIGHEbT CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 3s. .6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d., 15e 6c14 FREEBORN'S WATER - REPELLENT OVERCOATS, 355., 455.. FREEEORN'S MACINTOSH COATS. 15s. 6d., 275. 6d., 425. H. R. FREEBORN, aiv CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

GRATIS WITH TO-DAY'S EXAMINER. "THE EXAMINER" LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, FOR 19)1. embellished with a picture representing THE PROPOSED NEW TECHNICAL SCHOOL WARRINGTON. (FROM A DRAWING Dr THE Ancanzure, MESSRS, WILLIAM AND SFGAR owEN.) FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS. Are published containing Full Information corrected to the latest date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND PLACES DISTRICT COUNCILS OF WORSHIP MAGISTRATES FAIRS. CA.FtRIERS, Ac. FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Bartonwood lienketh Daresbury Prescot ICariestowu Runcorn Frodsham St. Helens Grappenhall Stockton Heath Halton Sankey Lynam Thelwall " Moore Warrington Newton Winwick Orford Widnes Padgate Weston "THE EXAMINER" (8 PAGES, 56 COLUMNS) AND LARGO SHEET ALNIANA.CII ONE PENNY.

XXIAS 1900• BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. DUN'f PAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES'. UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRIJES, FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND. PUUNISIII NG utozatosalia. 51, 53, 55, BRIDG11; &.I.TREETI WARRINGTON.

FURS. FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, FURS. SEASONABLE, ACCEPPAELE, USEFUL. WILLIAM VIRE A.NI ER AND CO., FURRI MitS. Have Specially Manufactured for their Annutl Dispiay, du Elaborate and Unprecedented Codection of OM ART FUR GARM E 'NTS. CONSIS PING OF FASHIONABLE COATS, COA.TEES, CAPES, WEAPi, RUGS, GLOVES, FUR NECKLETS. IMUiIF4, AND SE 25 OF FUR, . &c. 5,000, CHOICE AlmuLtiS eou CHRISTMAS MM. 5,000. At Prices from I.oe. to 900 Guinelq. FURS ARE THE MOST USEFUL uF ALL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. MANUFACTORIES AND SllO oiROOMS. 56 BuLD-S MEET, LIVERPOOL.

• SONS OF TEMPERANCE RUNCORN. The fortnightly meeting of this society was held on Saturday night in the Greenway-road school. The President Mr Thomas R Whyte, occupied the chair. Mr 6amuel II Tewprley oi Lostock, gave an encouraging address, in which ho congratulated the "division " on the progress they were making, Ho referred to the fact that five candidates had that, night been proposed for membership. Temperance men should be true to their principles in whats.ver company they were placed ; then their influence would be potent for good. The following officers also gave short. addresses :—Moisrs Thomas Cooke, Thomas G dolt, Thomas lieesom, Uaniel Bisbrown and the Chairman.

of ground, but neverthelets Moran added two more tr i to his credit, the goal kick failing in each instance. The game ended in a decisive victory for Runcorn A, by 3 goals, 5 tries, 21 points, against Runcorn Res, 1 try, 3 points. ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. Win marleigh v. Brunswick (2nd) Runcorn. This match was played at Runcorn on Saturday, the Winmarleigh being without Doody and Byrant. Lociing the toss they pressed their opponents nearly all the first half, but no score ensued, the play of the Brunswick custodian being highly commendable. But towards the end of the second half in s4mi-darknee. Brunswick managed to place two goals to their credit, the game thus ending in a win for the latter by two to nil. COMBINATION. --- Warrington v. Wrexham. These teams played their return fixture on Wrexham Racecourse on Saturday. The weather Wag unfavour- able, a high wind prevailing. Tbere wa:i a wretched attendance. The home team bad the best of it, though the Warringtonians several times got within shooting range, but their essays in front of goal were very weak. The final rveult was—Wrexham. five goats ; Warrington, WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. I Second Div;sion. Warrington St. Mary's v. Latchford Britannia. Played at Howley on Saturday. The opening stages were greatly in favour of the Saints, Albert Meachin and Howell being tee most Conspicuous in the attack. ' New ~1 opened the scoring for the visitors from a corner I Half-Arne : Britannia, one goal ; St Mary's, nil. In the second half Latchford were penned in their own quarter, Albert Meachin and Hawtrey having hard lines ,1 on several occasions. Tha visitors broke away and Sherratt further added to their score. A cross shot by Howell narrowly missed success in the last minute. Final: Britannia Combi•oation two goals, St Mary's nit. Stockton Heath v. Warrington Athletic. This League match was played at Stockton Heath on Saturday. From the start the Athletic forced their way to the homesters' quarters, and Fielding scored, after some exciting play. Soon after Kee7on put the second through, being followed by another by Fielding shortly afterwards. The visitors kept up the attack, and Kenyon broke away and scored, but it was ruled off- side. Half-lhue arrived, the visitors leading by three goals to nil. From the re-start the homesters rushed away, but were beaten back. Jackson ran away drown the field and missed a good chance to score. Towards the finish the Athletics had the best of matteri, the tacks showing good form and from a free kick the hrinesters' custodian saved splendidly. Final :—War- rington Athletic, thre. goals ; St,,ckt,n flev-h. nil.

FOOT _ .. .. .. ~ .., ~.,.....- 9 6d 8 6rt 8 ':\?67<-1-'-741 •-•'` 7s. 6d.. 6s. 64., ss. V‹,77' 0_ 9 SHIRTS. ....V, Any c)lour Gr pattern. -c"..„,._. \„... per doz. cy:,..4,51.7.7.-z,-,-,i,".;•; % , Flannelette 2ss. Od. ,Yesi•-.6;,,----.7._-- --..,, r- 'N Matting 303. ed. 0 \ Untearahle 405. Cd. Jco 7' KM CICFRS . Ve,':.r?-. -, Navy or White. •'-;\ \,,.---..-s.-.._____ 1" la. 6d., la 11d 25.6 d., s" 'f.'.1,., 5..._., .. 'i/ • find 3s 64. 0-, \ .....k, c GO ‘I. NRTS. l',"-‘, v•... t.",, c,mplete,ready for use, >,../4..• ~.. „,-.; c. 4s. and 35... the at. 'i•;','"4"--9--• ''' 16. SHIN GUARDS. / 100 , is. 6.1.. Is. 11d. '.../G-• (-.---. ' \%'' HOORAY. 6S3TICICS. •-... Is- -13') • va • 45. ....--- , , BOXTNG GLnVRS. :: /7 3s 641 , 55. 64.. 71. 64., •,:.-.,,,.. ' .17• C %.0-- ;% \ N 108. 64., 125.' 6. •,,,,/ t: . ..f- ,-i• ~ . -, . - ,-i - ,\ '',l.-;-,. - ••• s 4 * \ti All orders executed *Pt name dFayßCAaNrriKage paid. SUGG, --...,_ ‘ ..,..+-3-. .., ~, ,-!>>- \--1,ppeez...,0,,.. 32, Lord St.; Liverpool.

• JOHN ALKER AND CO., m-1 11_4XAMIN7,11" OFFICE, BEWSEY SrREET, -WARRINGTON' TELEPHONE NO. 0489. SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AN Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGP.AMME:_•I,&e. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZ A.ARs. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES:OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. ROG RAMME'S FOR FE rm,

Opinion of a 'ell known Nurse.

Established 1884. FODEN'S HORSE AND CATTLE FOOD.

30s. per Cwt, Carriage Paid. THOMAS FODEN & CO., Cumberland Street, MANCHESTER.

HENRY MILLING AND COMPANY, LIMITED, ARE NOW OFFERING A SPLENDID SELECTION OF GROCERIES, PROVISIONS, AND CHRISTMAS SPECIALITIES, OF THE FINEST QUALITY AT LOWEST PRICES. 5, HORSEMARKET ST., AND CORPORATION ST., WARRINGTON.

PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. HOSPITAL SUNDAY. MARCH 17T, 1931. ALFRED J. JOLLEY, Hon. Sec.

HALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN VIE MARKET. OPEN EVER DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. THE WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY PRODUCE "LIBERTY HALL" (AN ORIGINAL MODERN PLAY, IN FOUR ACTS, BY R. 0. CARTON), IT THE ROYAL COURT TIM') RE, WARRINGTON, DURING THE WEEK COMMENCING DECEMBER 17TH NEXT. ARTHUR BROWNE, Hon. Sec. and Treas.

PURITY OF BEER, MRS. A. M. BRUNDRETT. GENERAL WOLFE BREWERY, WARRINGTON. Only the Highest Class Materials, are purchased at the above Brewery, Guaranteed Absolutely Pure, and to ensure perfect safety, analytically tested for even the faintest trace of Arsenic before being used. Copy of Medical Officer's Certificate appended : HEATH DEPARTMENT, Municipal Offices. Warrington, Dec. Ist, 1900. MRS. A. M. BBUNDRETr, Dear Madam. I am pleased to inform you that the Sample of Beer obtained from your premises is free from Arsenic. YOURS TRULY, JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health and Public Analyst. WARRINGTON INFIRMARY, THE ANNUAL. INFIRMARY BALL IN AID OF THE FUNDS oF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DisrENSARY. WILL BE HELD ON JANUARY 29TH, Al TirtH LION 1101111 L, WAttaiNctrozi. Tickets may oe obtained from Mr. P. Pearce,Sankey-street. J. A. BataLSTBN, Hon. Secretary to Ball Committee.

THE itACRED II NART 8U li 014 WAIG -CON. ANAUAL DANuE, IN TLIE PAILit HALL ON BOXINU 26rA, 19D0.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON! -- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be poet ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 A.M.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnveorth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Beweey, Grappenhall. Heaney Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield. Stook- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, amd the Isle Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham. North Walch and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prescct, Southport. Birk enheau, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrew sbur North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormakirk. B ath. Borist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Mancheste S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W,gau Bolton 2-15 p.m.—Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sandbach 2.45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Whines, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3-0 p m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge, Latchford, Padwite and Bewsey 3.15 p,m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown and the U.S. America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-37. p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland. Liverpool, Birkenhead Ormsluirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 pm—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m., 12 noon, 3-45 pin., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursd:.ys when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended, EAULESIOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st„ Newton POSTMASTER ••• ••• ••• .•• •Mr James Jordan Ho it's of f Week-days, 7 St.M. to 9 p.m. Attendance. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-4) p.m. The Telweraph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 8 i. -n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30,and 3.30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showingthetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halLpenny stamp

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wast of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham- Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool. North Wales,Preston,St.llelens. Southport, and S •Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, ,9tockport ,and all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCRY:S. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND Vio .LL BFXS ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: • RECEIVING HOUSE— WEEK-DAYS. Barlestown and 8 p.m.

- '4, • ' ",. -,'....."- ,'•" -•-, -,-." ' '-',.. • ',i -•'. -(t ' 1".7' a - 1.. ' , ... -....--. .--4,--.., r5,,10,-A,..,,,Z,N.- -.1r.,--,*.2:,,,... •;"...I.t. •-•,- ...4.--..; , a's .. ........ .e aw,' .... = 4 ' ' ~ ~,rfie•,- ',•,' 4+ ,ff,„•:•-&,;: •,11-',. ' •-it.,•:' 4'; ":tee,'••W,f -'1:-,,,•.}.2..;;;. ' '-'-'--- -• '"%• . '".l' . .fi .-*, .: - a- J A'."F•X41,..1. ;.1„ •'...- .. . ;-...0.1. r.,-..„,...,;„j'i? az:: ...,• -,,,,,,..-,..... vitti.4 4 i 01,.. ---,±-;`,4-4,12-,:-..4*.t.....--44cre:-.1,,T,.-. K. 4 , ..-, ,r,T;.• . .7.-•.;/:,.'•*:' -`,, V, . ',.' ,-;', ~ ..„-,...,,•.,--..,,1:.,...,_ , -, , „.. ... , ,z.. P.. 5 V•....V...?1,,C.,- ill) ..!, ,''' 1,0...,:41, 1,, 4 ~ , . • ..,.. •• • j 'F. "....,. •, fr,.,,,,,.1554-•.„. : 1,...:a:.. t.• "•,. .'• A , e* *.7 i. ,a,'"-.7 ete •"t "--'''lvi,-•.;,•ft'-,,.. ~ - 'Mnts.l_,,.' • A- -5. ,' • , , 7,-1 . .., ....„‘Aw. ..,-,., -40,-*, „02115,4-,;sr. 3•.,'''Fia • t, :.- . 1/4... . , raii, .',.." ", •"*.t.:474; '-: ~,-,t. :",--.4" 4j14..f# r.'44 i'W".:: '' '• ~ Mt . 41 • : i, f amile, 44,,, , Iva exa.: , . -...,,, • . :44? , ~. Av..< •ir • vy , " „•tozpix .4 ~....-v-,,,,t ,,,,t ..,t. to!, 340c00tt.,„, '7 • ....' , '••,,.... A ~ 4'. z‘- tt'i'' . - ett, 'll ••2: le ' 0 ' 4,:? ' '''• ' ;041."' ; " 6.1 :- .'-,.';,'..74- 4.: : V,.,.,.- _.,-.12,`r.77 ,0" ' -lIM:v-4, '.. '7, .4. i ii %-,- ~., „c.:4--:-:.' _ ..?..,..kt 1,7 4 44% ,c, -, - % - .4 :, i., -,......4., .:::;,. ~ , .:4„,,c„,: .t , - -- .*: . vr..,, m-,-;;$ ;1-. 7, 3 ..t ..i., 4...,...., . . ~. ft, 4... ke.. , • ..- ^ -44:; .s.. ve:, ---, -.'"' ,' ~i,..?e, ;.• '.. ''' ~`,..,:g.i,_ 4.,:‘--..." -:„,rt ii.; ' * j'a,,..1 . • .7, ", " "' .14'0,' • ' '..,... . ...5'...".„...r. c,4 '1 t'''' '-'t ,I. S' .n' , ' i.',/i -A. 4';`,7 sa. -rm'ira...-V. ''•-'. PURIFY THE BLOOD. 4aII27II=MENNI Such symptoms as boils, pimples, blotches, sores, eruptions, rashes, tatter, and nearly all skin diseases are proof that the blood is impure, and if not cleansed, these troubles may be followed by severer symptoms, such as ULC ERS, TUMOURS, ABSCESSES, OLD SORES, SCROFULA, and CANCEROUS affections. In BILE BEANS for BILIOUSNESS we have a remedy that has cured the severest forms of had blood—from a common pimple to the worst scrofulous sore—and that is purely vegetable, so thatlthe user, while certain of benefit, has no fear of any harm resulting through the presence of any deleterious substances in their composition. Charles Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness ere the world's greatest specific for indigestion, Influenza, liver chill, colds, liver complaints, kidney troubles, anmasia, female ailments, piles. constipation, debility, and all ailments arising out of detective liver action or an impure condition of the blood. Bile Beans may be had of all chemists, or direct from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co.. 119 and 120, London Wall, London, 8.C., on receipt of is. ltd. for small box, or 2s. 9d. for large box, containing three times the quantity of small one. FREES A -A,IP 1. E.—The Proprietors have so much faith in the efficacy of their remedy that they are willing to forward a free sample to anyone sending their name and address to the London Office; the only conditions being that a Penny Stamp is enclosed to pay packing and postage, and the name of this paper mentioned.

FOR - -- - - , CS -4 RETI, g° 41 3 ..NtsArt4 ok- -4 , „.,., :,''N.- -.e..% -It-i\-..,u----,4 04, „ 4 1.:4 ,4-'7gr,%tii.,"': . '. '-., '-•.---, :+tv !!'''''' ,4.-4 .14,41 iii 11': '.. -- 4-'4„, 0 IP 4 1 W e 1 1 1 S '79 - - ..3 al 7,-..% '., 64 ~,., r.;:o 0 F .' . -tilllniSeeda IT CURES COUGHS, ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, AND ALL LUNG TROUBLES. SAFE AND RELIABLE. A Proved Remedy of 75 Years' Standing. Sold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Tenders, in bottles lilt. 2'3, 4/6, & 11-each.

A ‘ VI w C •e t / f -.' ' ' %-'----1------ fok-pouNto_rtii:-. ,4 . _ I._. ......: 0f.0443 OrilitVallbat gitr:' S 4.4 . : ~., aCe 'Oa :•.. fc„:•?.,: ~._ .• , se i . ~ oF p.... -,!r• , eoliGtis .. ' • 0e oLps : , .------,li ." ASTHMA & BRONCHITIS. V, . .: f, , .„ V 's, _ . -i; • 35 YEARS ' b-; --- . . --PROVEN EFF/CACY. ''''. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDy_ : LOOSENS PHLEGM *, ALLAYS coypif.., I,- ... GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF. ,•.• *

ffIMS , 0 L CURES wimp all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC E. 114 ; W. PAIN ANDiTHRO3BINII AMA SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It ;Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1/Ik, of all Che:nists. BEETHAM & SON. Chaffilets, CHELTENHAM.

THE GREAT REMEDY. Vvl4 A .tirit,rs„ 12. ILA FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The excruciatjng P,Lin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe an effective. ALL Chemists and Stores at le. lfd. andl2s. 9 per box

dn. C litycEiznityA best tone, twat!, ami mast reliable made by the ORIGINAL INVENTORS and PATENIEeS, WHEATSTONE & Co., LON DON,W.I To BE BAD FLOM ALL DEALERS. Wheatstone's are al,o the largest publishers of Concertina Music in tho World. New 36-pe Catalogue poet free for two t stamps &rem 20, Conduit Street, London. W. ...Prwr•

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Supply to Country Mansions, hotels, and Public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE For: PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ReRE, w.e. WURKS : GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers.

a wonderful waterproofer o , La "1 BOOTS 8; HARNMS. So , 2.., ::...... ~ S -• • 'ens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. in with blinking. COLD W-E.DAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. il ' 41: ,174,, e Tins 2d., 61., 1/- &a/ó of Beet ; i :. ~,,. Ni h .-„iyA , - . 1 -... Makers Saddlers, Ironmvn,,eor: ~,,,, . • ' 6, . rdo .. ~,, ez;ao;Manufactory Du/wick,

HAVE YOU A BAD LOG wonnds that discharge or otherwise. perhap V T surrounded with inflammationand swollen, that v.nen You press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression P If so, under the skin you have Olson that defies all the remenies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases von. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease If allowed to continue will drprive you of the power to walk. You may have Mended various hospitals and had medical advice, an oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not. for I CAN CIJR you. I don't say perhaps ; but I wrim. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being curd. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. A. 1413101% 73, FARRIIcGDON-EITREET, Losbox, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPZR 01NTHENT AND PIMA which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Howie maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pots 32e1 Hand Bunions. Ilegistered Copyright.)

. ... ', : -,..-C ti::, ~ , , ..,,..i . ,:,. ~.-4. ~., :,.. ,-: .', ', ,_ ~,,,,,, ; ~, .:„. ~-.5...,,'...,i,:!, -., -,,,,,..,,.....,;':,..„.7.,:,.,::,,,,,,,,1,,.., ~...,..,,,,..45,.:‘,;„.,.,.,.: , . ::, ~:,, ~.....ty„, ..... 4,t,, .. ~.. , . rs. . . ~ i,..t. i : ..101.1. i,, . : C R ~..,:‘,,,. 2,:e . to 4: da. s. `• .- ' ' ••• ,S

' Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain lik2. a ex . strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essance. In oi bottles from all Grocers. QJ 5:2 d

....,,i- .7 ,a , A.% ,Pt L .. . . •.$ g...„. k 4 ' ~ • .: y ~ ' ka 1 , 1 .: tiiious and i‘iervos Disoden, SUCH AS HEADACHE, iNDIC-EST/ON DIZZIZiESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STMYLECH, Itc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY TEE INVALID, TEE YOUNG and TEE OLD. ' Manufactured only at 78, New OsSnrd Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor&

IT . 4,.. ~...:„ T. , A. A L't % • I .114 LIM i'-‘h :i: iiPti li' 1.. 1 , ,1' ''''ai ' P. 7: Pt ~ - ff„,- .., ...a, ). • TO SEND - • TO E' 0 3.,.Z "Sr OTJ re -‘-; ' • 7,4, 2.4 1 NI,. 4, 0 :4,1 ~ ' -4 -`,7,:, r 775 ,t - ::. • ' ::4-• --,44ii . -*•,; _.,,i - ,-...„ A.,. . ,Z) - • sr >, 4 1-'' ::_, " '''N,d,'Ci. 11, -4, 4, 's! '1" .' ,Au f ' •,. ,ov, " k,o.' *• . . 't. U.:'.4."-•.;" , ...T • "",. '•• _•• ••4i c...• • rs `4, kl• ' • -1. tr. ' A ke ; , , • . , i:\ . „...tsl . ,:t 4:1 , ..,.tciti. 44 ....4, ~, , • , 1 *1 :4' -64 14.: ' .*-• 40.,f •• • - ..r.. ii.a • • `' r ' ' - ` Write to.day for a copy of the Illustrated Catal,:rue of

Which will be sent post free to any address on receipt of a card. Brimful cf Presents for Old and Young. Everything required for Gifts or Amusements is contained therein, at a saving of 40 per cent. over most houses. We have bought the chief cases of Toys and Scientific Novelties from the p „51, R 1 s E ;,...,. Pii'T 1 0 '.- ..,-,. and are offering them until Xmas at a Great Reduction. L 0,...„ DoN BROUGHT TO 0 PARIS YOUR DOOR } By a Post Card. N.B.—A SPECIAL LINE of GRAMOPHONES end PHONOGRAPHS.

WRITE A iw Ld. 7.1 IT ELL ksi pm YOJ. NOM HOLBORNI LONDON! F.: C.

DR. DE. h 00810.•••• COMPOUND RENAL PILLS te justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism. Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder. Discharges, and Diseases ot the Kidneys and Urin•try Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous. oftan arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DE ROO3. LONDON'," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. id. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine House.), or post free from Proprie tors Holford House, Holford-aquare, London, W.O.

THEgivANT OF THE DAY. MAKES STARCHED LINEN IIKR NEW. E GREATEbT BOOS ever of- fered to the Laundress flr imparting n. 9 Ivory finish t o Starch' Linen. Laces, etc. & does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once tried always wanted. Used in the Royal Laundries, Should he used in every fringe. Sold by mnst by Starch Sellers in Packe's, at 3d., and 6d. Prepared only T. CULTCHLEY, Bia&burn. -- Made in Switzerland. liro pins et projections to time sheets. Sweetest "r‘• - in tone and best in quality. A speci- , • I ty . British made cases. IrAit‘ I STELLA' MUSICAL BOX To be had of jewellers and music- sellers. Sole wholesale agent for *444 Great Britain, Alfred Geater, 105 St. John Street Road, E.C., late A. Pail- i• - lard, 23 Berner Street, London, W.

• ' • • • I V- -4, From the And dose ee Duerhie fits cesie. It Me cured PERM kNYSTLY the very worst cas-s of Ppilspsy When every other reco,iy kad faibil. Price Is. eta and 11.5., Post Fres. ThoLsan of Tedlthuarti SAE. Relii jar o Free Sample iter-leossost test it. Write to—(Departtnalt I. W. ASTIC7-YOICAL, chentliit.roetkzeirast..,l

1 ' WATCH & CHAIN Fen ONE DAY'S WORK .: : Boys and Girls ran gat a. NICOL- ."---r -'s ' PI,AI-O,D WIATGII,. Also a CRAIN atta for selling li dor.," racks& of , % , NE at Fivepence each. Send your , 4" I n'illlUal Wrens, inclo,ltng name of County, by retu u mai', and we tvill fsv ordrd tle liluine, ,-;,....t.c...,,. • Htl,o.q..2s;lßot.yTi.,itid.v:lE,A,i.ap:n. jssilnypGfr,":ol.oArtiaorcA,raNd. i-ww.sveEt7.4olrmiuDl4.l.lo,gptr...avirriSoit,4,rnodl,ra...na::yt;o:n. ;xi ~..:,, e,:. '-‘,.' ''''' `""'..:'"‘ 4 ,"••••-`,1•12.4", ..' ' , .. ' 4.0 vi, • 'r• ,•• ~.. 4 !REV! SAFIPLE CASE c't... ~,: lifbl EAT. CARLEY; ) -.:',/ 4'-• ',. , . , r. tuiDC,. tiCALTH , .A., • 1' / . 6nr-CCIOT s,, ,Fe . ,t,. . . co .... " or .... , _ r. To cRYLR _, -,_ s , .., , • '.- , „., .a. IVITACE ;., ---:•,..:' •-,'„-- r,k e, ~.. -;' ' ' •-• 4 , r 4 4';''''-':---1':-/Cr' ( e._(...."1.':- `:-.....1.--cf'v"....uvxtiElfpu-°cd'i4:: ~, ~,,‘,,, ~ , ",41,',\ ip 11,- --44,,,. sr, ~,,r1,71".7,,it....., •'• .•: 4,....- • , ~

DIARIES FOR 1901.-1 t their various establishments, Messrs. Boots, Cash Chemists and Stationers are now offering for sale their diaries for next year. The first of the series ilfor commercial use, foolscap size. It con* tains an abundance of information daily required by business men, amom at which are customs duties, foreign money tables, French weights, and a ready reckoner. An excellent diary and note book which should be in the hands of all housewives and housekeepers, may be pur- chased from Mesqrs. Boots for sixpence. It is bound in cloth and contains a largo selection of domestic and general information. The pockrtr,diary published tor this firm is a neat and compact book. It is printed oil best quality thin paper with gilt edges and bound in leather, price 61.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PR 1 VAT • consultationsrmeeb.ror eharn e d Hach ptient . DENTISTRY. TE4IETIL Appointments unnecessary, but may be c,Ailnlfo arranged. TEETH. TEETH. the cost work required.. TE ET IL Gold are. other fillings at mot.lerate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-Inless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitroga Oxide. TEETIII. Maker to Dentists o 13,000 gallons w Exors. of ate J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM MOSLEY-ST ag gT (Telephone 1660). ST. 11ELENS MONDAY, 9 am. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EAR:JEST B tilDa&-STRE ET TUH:SDAI% 2 p.m. WA RRINGTON SANK b.;Y-STREET WEDNESD kY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ...... B RIDG E-STREFfr THURSDAY. 2 to 5. NORTHWIC 18, AITLKMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

Krtgeir:ll;l4.th—eOlant:Bue;ldnanyi'D EDTAceT7I3II t7eSr. 4th, suddenly. Nrfiwl Ellen. widow of the late Thomas B,rnird Kiernan, The Patten. Warrington, and Borholm, The'wall. (.(dest &ugh' gaa, of Manches.te . R.I.P. 1114 !ARS' GREEN. Warrington Opt osite Arpley Station, Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Basenhiglo's.) S. T. WARD AND Go, AIONUNIENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. &go Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments. Tombs TAblets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Granite. Marble, and Stone. Designs and ISstimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING BXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY. Warrington.—Printed and Published bv JOHN WALREB Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey: street, and published by them at. tte same place and also at the The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road,WipsEs. 32, George•street, ST. HELENS and 3, M'arKet-Straet. Fs rAeReLE. u BTuONT.TO,R i tIN the th e County tyunctoyuin)fLaonfcclitseaer. rtan:l2olszocat,uffii sish t a , 14, 1900
