===== 0002601_19000817_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
?oVIIS rhOros. ..11C1f1 date, W(53: 02 Ball ng9 se gib° Or 3°placed -

===== 0002601_19000817_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
0 r,,ve i%ture• clears monis' it ls uglit ta load it

, froo gec , oro, ut 1. .0 - Pr°- 37Dituet one.

A

Jo" ..

IN° (0! vrsei" oct 7059 s,reer rsr

===== 0002601_19000817_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
•131.',7

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR INIORRELL'S INKS, IN PATENT BCRBW-STOPPERIII3 BOTTLES, WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID FKVR FADB

pRIN TING, BOOKBINDING, PAPER >ULED TO ANY pATTERN. TEE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

WEDDING AND BIRTLID AY niIiSENTS.

ALSO COINS. WAR MEDALS. AND ANTIQUES On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a F;ne Selection of Rare COINS, WAR 7vIRDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA and BRIC-A-BRAC, OLD GOLD BOUGHT V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63--RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL-63 Established 1818. Valuations for Probate.

HALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN VIE MAK.KRT. OPEN EVER DT FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

ALWAYS FLUID

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATIN GS POWDER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/-

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Sold in Tins. 3d„ 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows. 9d.

KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
NEVER FADE!

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS. HARROP'S, LIMITED, 12a. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ARE PREPARED TO SUPPLY AT CASH PRICES. Sold oil Inßtalments (not Hire). TERMS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS. BUY FROM THE MIXER. MONTE WANTED.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Oburation.

MANCHESTER GRAM NUR SCHOOL. FEB £4 43. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER llnt. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER MTH, AT 9 .t.at. Prospectuses, Forme of Application, &c., may be had at the School. NB.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, Is situated in Higher Broughton.

OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

WARRINGTON OR ASIMAR SCHOOL

THE NEXT TER I& WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER lint. The Headmaster will be at home to intemiew parents on SATURDAY, SEPTLMBEE Eth. and MONDAY, tiRPTEM- ERR 10th.

New CHRIIICAL LABORATORY, ittz. Prospectus, Ac., on application.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA HOUSE HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PREWIPIL—MISS RATE B. LLOYD, Assisted by a staff of highly-qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters. CI_OOD-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education, UI Finest position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms. Electric Light. Unsurpassed Health Record. Excel- lent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local references on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
aloncp.

- 2150,000 At from Mortgage 3 or per eepeonsti oo f dvs a Deeds In sums to suit borrowers,in any part of the country.—T. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool, Telephone 5182. _

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. I OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES P.l PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen. and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at mi Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District general! receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7. £lO. £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

T ONDON AND PrtOVINCIAL kd LOAN COMPANY. LOANS £3 TO £5OO DAILY. TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. also LOANS granted on ordinary Life A.esurance Policies, Reversions, Life Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £2O repayable 10/-per wk. £5 ~ 2/6 .. £25 „ 12/6 „ £lO ~ 5/- ~ £3O „ 15/- , £l5 „ 7/6 £35 „ 17/6 No Fees or Fines Charged. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Offi:e Hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saturdays 9-to 1 p.m. Apply to JOSEPH Wit CSWORTH, District Agent, 121, Mersey-si ,t, Warrington.

treet

MONEY. LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. AT MUCH LOWER /NTEREST THAN USUALLY CHARGED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has carried on BUSINESS for thirty years. and always under HIS OWN NA 11 K. He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner. and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus and Terms, may be obtained Free of Charge on Application, personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, TY PALATINE BUILDINGS 16. SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the

Head Off.ce. 20, Kennedy-street. Manchester. Established 1870.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING

IN -.LL THEIR BRANCHES.

EXAMINER" OFFICE'.

BE War %BEET, W 4 REI &MON.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: • 1 f •

===== 0002601_19000817_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
1:1

al gi

,

1:

1 +~.4

===== 0002601_19000817_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
MeDOUGATAIIS PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOU R INDPINVM.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPITS.

SOME people's autographs are a very bad sign. IT doesn't take a long look to look at anything longingly. THERE is quite a difference between having "nerve " and ‘• nerves."

Wazm the man hasn't the ghost of a chance he is naturally out of spirits. PRIN—" I wouldn't be a fool if I were you." Prone—" But I would if I were you."

MRS. FROST—"Don't you dare to tell me you haven't been drinking again, sir. I smell cloves." "Wily is golf called an amusement?" "Because it is such fun for the people who look en."

IF you will live according to nature you need never fear being poor; and if you must live ac- cording to opinion you will never be rich. "FOR goodness sake, Clarinda, why do you eat so much candy ? " "That's just why, my dear." "What is?" "For goodness' sake." SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER—" Now, Tommy, why do we celebrate Easter ?" Tommy—" 'Cause we don't have to fast no more after it."

THE HAND'S USES—Ethel--" Do you believe in palmistry ? " Mabel—" Oh, it's all right for a starter, if the fellow's shy." A DISTINCTION AND A DIFFERENCE.—" But you said she sang beautifully." "No, I didu't." "What did you say?" "I said she was a beauti• ful _singer."

"AND your wife aimed at and struck your head with the cup ? " " Yes, sir." " Well, then, all I have to say is that you should be very proud of her."

CLERK (entering private office)—" Your wife wishes to speak to you at the telephone, sir." Mr. Henpick (apprehensively)—" Quick give, me a clove l"

SIIE (anxiously): "Tell me, quickly, dearest, what was papa's answer! Did he smile on your suit?" He (bitterly) : "Smile is not the word. He simply roared with laughter."

A GENUINE musiciln is one who can tell off-hand when a country band starts in to play whether it is struggling with the "Washington Post March" or "Sister Thou \Vast Mild and Lovely." IMPASSIONED LovErt: "Tell me, my angel, what to do to prove my love. Oh, that I might, like some knight of old, battle for you, suffer for you, di 3 for you ! " Sweet Girl : "I wish you would give up smoking." Impassioned Lover: "Oh, come now, that's asking too much." Lady: "If you saw that wood I'll give you a good meal." Tramp: "Thank you, lady." you (who has given him the meal in advance) : "Here, where are you going?" Tramp: "Why, you told me if I saw the wood you'd give me a meal. I saw it soon's I come in the gate."

OBOURATE.—The Cook : It's th' seconc; corn. plaint an' it'll be th' last. Oi'll lave whin me month is up !" Master of the House: "But, Bridget-' The Cook; "That'll do. son 11l lave at th' end of me month, though I did intend to give yes another month's thrial !" HAGAN : Is it thrue, Hogan, that yez bate Slogan at ?" Hogan: "Oi did that, Hagan." Hagan: "But Slogan is a first-rste player, Hogan." Hogan : "He is that Hagar. an' he was winnin', too, begorry I so I ketched um a whack over the head wid me cue, he made me that mad. I bate urn all right, all right."

"I woNia_,7t.," said the student boarder, "whence came the eifiession, 'money talks ?' " "I think it originated in Athens," said Ashbury Peppers. " Athens ? When?" "When it became known that Demosthenes learned oratory by filling hiv mouth with rocks."

WILLIE "Say, pa, didn't you tell me the othcr day that it was wrong to strike anyone smaller than yourself?" Pa: "Yes, Willie; that's what I said." Willie: "Well, I wish you'd write my qeacher a note to that effect. I don't think she knows about it."

A NATURAL ERROR.—Beggar—" Could youse gpare a poor feller o'ny 10 dollars fer a meal ? " Citizen— Ten dollars?" Beggar—" 'Souse me, boss; I meant 10 cents. I've jest escaped from Dawson City an' hain't got used ter Now York ways yet."

1-3E.:•isnicr "It was a mighty good thing for Jonah that he didn't live in the nineteenth cen- tury." Bachelor: "'Why ?" Benedict: "Be- cause no modern wife would have accepted that whale story as an excuse for staying away from home three days and nights." "Tam mask is torn off thy face!" she cried, with all the vehemence of the woman scorned, "and the cloven hoof is revealed 1" The unworthy lover cowered back. "That," he muttered—for he was not unconscious of his deficiencies— " doubtless arises from the fact that I cannot open my mouth without putting my foot in it." "I'M afraid there is something crooked about Mr. Hunker's business," said Mrs. Tenepot, "There is" assented her husband. " There ! I knew it! That is a woman's intuition for you. I'm not often wrong in my impressions. What is his business ?" He is a manufacturer of cork- screws."

Taz carrier left a letter at the house of Mr. Manhattan Beach, whose son is at Yale. Mr. Beach: "Here is a letter from Charles." Mrs. Beach: " Read it." Mr. Beach (reading) : "My dearest darlingest mother-" "Great heavens . The young scoundrel needs more money again already."

No DOUBT IN HIS CASE.—Mamma: "Has Mr. Dorrance given you any reason to believe that he means business?" Clara: "Business ! I should thfnk he did mean business? I'm sick of the word business. All he has talked about the last three times he has been here was papa's business."

"I HARDLY think," said the lawyer, "that you can get a separation from your ssiie ou account of her making a practice of throwing things at the dog." "But, mister," said the man with the haggard look and the black eye, "every time she throws at the dog she hits me."

EDITOR—" What qualifications have you for this position? What do you know?" Applicant— "l know what I ought to find out, and that is all I ought to know, for when I know what is neces- sary to be known I know all that is necessary to know." Editor (bewildered)—" Leave your ad- dress."

"How old are you?" asked the insurance agent of the lady. It was thoughtless of him, and her indignant "Sir " brought him straightway to his senses. "Of course, you will understand," he went on, "that we have to be careful about making contracts. I merely wished to assure myself that you are legally of age." To Wirom IT BELONGED.-Sr Robert Ball has an amusing story of a meteorite which fell on an American farm. It was claimed by the ground landlord, because the lease reserved to him all minerais and metals on the land. It was also claimed by the tenant on the score that it was not in the ground when the lease was made. The landlord than required it as "flying game." The tenant, however, pleaded that it had neither wings not feathers, and asserted his right to it as ground game. While the dispute was raging, the revcrne officers seized it as an article uhich had been introduced into the country without payment of duty.

" MORNIN', Mrs. Muldoon," he said, with a sweet smite. "Mornin', Micky," said Pat's wife. "How's yer 'usband ?" he asked. "He's quite well," replied Mrs. Muldoon. "Alt !" exclaimed Micky, regretfully, "it's a strange thing, but we can't always be well, can we, Mrs. Muldoon?" "S'pose not." "No; a time comes when even the strongest rmist fall. Even your Pat can'fi live for ever. You can't expect it, of course. Besides, Pat isn't strong, as y' might say " Isn't strong?" queried Mrs. Muldoon. "NO•0 ; what with one accident an' another, its weakened 'ho like." Mrs. Muldoon stared, with her mouth open. " Why "-- she 'ueg.,,an. "I know—l know what you're goind to say," went on Micky, confidently. 4 didn't think he was so well when I saw him -last. In fact, I think he's been getting worse day by day. He had a bit of a slip to-day, and, though it hasn't hurt him, p'r'aps he may feel it in time to come, v' see." "Hid a fall, has he?" "Ye-es," isaid Micky, casually. "Just a bit of a slip, y' know. Fell off the top of a chimney an' dropped in the street. . . . Why, it'd he enough to kill anybody, a fall like that would, Mrs. Mul- doon."' "Yes, it would." "Yee," said Micky, as he wiped the perspiration from his brow. "Well --it's killed Pat!" And Micky went.

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
~ .11111 , ... ~ • ••,,,,. . - ~, - - ... • „..„-,

GRATEFUL-COM FORTI NG.

COCO

4REAKFAST AND SUPPER:

LADIES' LETTEIL

MY DEAR NELLIE, There is a decided tendency to put more fulness into skirts near the waist, and this fashion is very pretty and becoming if it is carried out in thia materials, such as soft silks, voiles, or nun's veil- logs. A very pretty gown is made of pale mauve China silk, trimmed with ficelle-coloured lace ; it is lined throughout with glace silk to match the lace, and has gathered frills of pinked. out silk at the edge of the underskirt. The foun- dation fits closely round the hips, and the over- skirt only is gathered finely several times, leaving a fiat space in front. The draperies of the bodice are also gathered, and they open over a vest of tucked white chiffon; there are also puffs of white chiffon at the wrists. The lower part of the skirt is cut separately from the upper part, and forms a fluted flounce, which has rows of tucks at the edge ; the join is hidden by the lace appliques which appear at the head of the flounce. A soft sash of chiffon is tied round the waist, and long ends hang down to the bottom of the skirt.

I have noticed that hardly any bodices are now made high to the throat, being cut away and filled in with white muslin or insertion. The idea is that the dress should come up over this, but too often the gown is sewn down upon it. This destroys the idea, but it is often so in dressmaking. As to boas, they scarcely dare call themselves so, unless they are provided at either extremity with many long strands of chenille, reaching almost to the hem of the wearer's gown. These chenille ends have their uses. They weight the boa or ruffle, and prevent it•silently slipping off the shoulders, aud absenting themselves without leave.

An extremely smart costume is made of Wedg- wood-blue eolionne, over an underdress of the palest rose-pink silk, in one of the soft drages shack-4, veiled with creamy guipure or Irish lace. The edges of the draperies are stitched two or three times, and the points are fastened with old silver buttons. The drawn waistbelt is of soft black satin, cut on the cross, and the strays in front are formed of black satin ribbons, with little bows at the top. This elegant model, which would be very becoming to a woman with a fine figure, should be lined through with glace or foundation silk of a drag& shade of pink. The design conic be carried out equally well in silk cashmere, a thin faced cloth, or other light woollen materials, and it is also suitable for various other combinations of colour. A material in pale turquoise or electric blue would look very pretty over the cream lace underdress with a lining of ivory-white, and a dress of white cloth or cashmere would be effective with an underdress of 6cru or coffee-eoloured lace, mounted on a white satin lining, with a waistbelt and ribbon:, in turquoise-blue.

It is generally agreed that hats were never prettier than they are this summer. I should like to describe three which particularly impressed me the other day. The first was of fine, flexible straw, with a trimming of pink ribbons and roses, the latter nestling up against the high crown. The lace fell slightly over the edge of the brim, which was lined underneath with pink silk muslin or chiffon. A black velvet bandeau raised the crown slightly from the hair. The second was of the beb6 order, and had a straw crown, with kilted chiffon frills for brim. All the frills were edged with lace. The high silk bow was wired. The third hat was in sunburned straw, edged with black velvet. The rosette was in crimson silk, and the curled quills were dark brown. A cluster of black- berries rested en the hair at the left side, under the brim.

The little black silk coats which are being worn are very smart, and will be much in evidence when the weather gets a little cooler. Some of them are trimmed with embroidery or colour. That worn by a very prominent personage the other day was ornamented with antique embroidery on blue cloth in a very effective way. Another is faced with white cloth, embroidered with large raised flowers outlined with black, filled in with white and veined with pale gold thread. Cloth may be considered rather heavy for this purpose, but it is not so, in fact, for that chosen is of so light a texture as to be quite as free from weight as the glactS silk of which the little garment i• composed.

Your loving,

(-,•:,--...ei, 5A„.. ;7.. • ' / • • • :,=:•4'.•.-:':". :• ~ • ( z fi / ///////1 .10:11;•ai‘.''. ' *. - /0 ///i . Abtopi ,11)141? 4(A, -

76(''' iacei - 7 I\, ! 41 i V;'.3 .4/4. tv 1i w v/4 1,.)) i ',l'!''W (fir: ~ A 114,4,... coir ..', ,) ! ' ;.i., , ,I, . t ~ i , 1 . i .0., _ _-

A a , , . I 11.• ....V , . 4 , ..--=-7,--• A.. --;- _, rip -:--, --"'''..-1,,/ _ -4-- ...,,,, -- - . - 7 ..,..-.2.:_ - --„,,4. -,,,,7 ..--- --,..r, ‘.l • ~.Ark.. ILA,* , ... -4; 'd ? 7, .. -- _s— A- i : '' •Vl.-1. \ V ‘ f // cep _, . ..-„, , -/ '4' ,/,, ' z ~ -';'--•_-A j y'/, TV' --- / ..,, - - i

===== 0002601_19000817_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

That the happiest hours of her Majesty's long and glorious reign have been spent amid the simple privacy of family life, in the country retreats she has purchased for herself, there is no possible doubt. And can we marvel that this should be so? When all is said and done, the Queen is but flesh and blood, nerves and heart like the humblest and most irresponsible of her subjects, and it must, at times have been nothing but the short intervals of repose she has been able to snatch at Balmoral and Osborne, which has enabled her to bear, with such grand courage, and wonderful self restraint, the hear and burden of that long day, which happily is not yet finished. The Prince of Wales bad arranged to go from Osborne to Marienbad, but, learning that the Duc d' Orleans was there, His Royal Highness changed his plans,and decided t 3 go to Homburg for three weeks. Another considera- tion is that the Prince is anxious to be near the Empress Frederick, whew health unfortunately is just now a further cause for anxiety to our Queen and Royal Family. On his return tretn the Continent, the Prince of Wales will go to Scotland,but the Princess will remain abroad for some time, paying her usual annual visits to the various members of her family in Denmark. This year the grouse obtained one day's grace, as the Twelfth fell upon a Sunday, but, as a rule, it is astoniEh- ing how soon the birds reach London after the shootine is supposed to begin. Usually grouse eau be had for lunch on the opening day anywhere in London,which is fully twenty-four hours before the birds reach the Royal table at Osborne. There are not many grouse on the Balmoral and Abergeldie estates, and there are never any Royal shooting-parties for the Twelfth. Tho moors are shot over by the keepers, simply in order that a large box of grouse may be sent at once to Osborne. King Victor Emmanuel 111, and Queen Helena have surely won the hearts of the Italian people by their prompt and kindly sympathy and assistance at the scene of the terrible railway atcident near Rome: So soon as their Majesties heard of the accident they left the Palace, and joined in the work of rescuing the wounded, and sootning their sufferings. The Queen's sister, and her husband the grand Duke Peter of Russia, were in the wrecked train, and both happily escaped injury, but the accident was of a more than usually disastrous kind, the killed and wounded numbering con- siderably more than a hundred. . . _

Victor Emmanuel 111 is of a somewhat frail and delic- ate appearance, and he has all the reserve of a retiring disposition. Be is both small of stature, and slightly built, though at the age of 31, he would no doubt be considered to be in the prime of life. His marriage with the Princess Helena four years ago, was extremely popu- lar in Italy, but there is perhaps one thine in which Her Majesty hes disappointed her people. Whenever Royalties go abroad the populace always looks for them to wear a smile, and as Net the Italian people says they have never succeeded in making Queen Helena look pleased. This is of course, not from want of any syni- pathy er interest in the people, as recent events have proved beyond doubt. It is her habit to look somewhat preternaturally serious, and she has never quite suc- ceeded in overcoming this inclination when seen in public. The mosquito though prevalent in many places, especially in London, has net as yet proved so great a pest as it was last summer. There is consequently some hope that after all our climate may be too much for it. This would he all the more satisfactory as scientific in- vestigations all tend to show that it is the cause of much mischief. Not only is it said to be the cause of malaria but it is also accused of spreading other dis- eases, including elephantiasia, that hideous deformity se common in the East,and which causes the limbs to swell to double or treble their ordinary size. It is when we come to the remedy, that the crusade against the mos- quite seems so hopeless. The only thing suggesTed as yet, is its extermination but there are few countries in the world in which the mosquito does not flourish, and one is tempted to ask how such a thing would be possible. We might just as well try to exterminate summer flier, which would in fact be child's play, as compared with the annihilation of the mosquito. Many School Boards have recently made systematic efforts to discourage juvenile smoking. There is another thing they might do, which would be at least equally as useful as trying to exterminate the mosquito, and that is the discouragement of the habit among children, of putting pencils in their mouthsein order to make them I mark better. When the pencils are given out indis- criminately, the child constantly getting a different one, there is some danger of taking a complaint or disease, just as there is frcm the practice of licking the finger tl turn over the pages of a book or periodical. The best thing would be to make all pencils bitter or tasty to the taste. 90 that no one would put them twice in the mouth but that, like the extermination of the mosquitoes is perhaps hardly practicable. Rarely indeed do we see a woman cyclist three ding her way in crowded thoroughfares nowadays. Cycles are restricteJ to country use only—when they are in- valuable—and to ride ore in crowded towns and cities is now deemed an undignified and foolhardy proceeding. That more accidents did not occur when the craze for cycling at all hours, and in all places was at its heieht„is little short of marvellous. All the skill in the world can scarcely insure a cyclist against a side slip in wet weather,on a greasy road,ard if the accident takes place when hemmed in by vehicles, it is more than probable that tht cyclist will be very seriously injured. Why will so many women persist in leaving their coats behind when starting for a long spin ? During the uncertain weather which preceded this last heat wave, it was by no means an uncommon event to pass cyciists on a conetry read, miles from " anywhere " ia a muslin blouse, or a cotton shirt, drenched. In a climate such as we enjoy (?) in which we are scorched one day and almost drowned and blown away the next, we can Scarcely conceive of people So toalish as not to make provision for the weather when starting on a ride of any length. A skirt for cycling should invariably be built of Pirle-finished fabric, which will defy the heaviest of rain. Add to this a Viyella blouse or shirt, a neat little waterproof coat, and sailor hat, and we need have no fear of the elements. By the way.there is Special waterproof leather glove being sold for cyclists. Its price, however, is of somewhat exalted character at present. The general mourning ordered by Her Majesty has been widely observed, few colours being en Evidence during the peat three weeks. Mourning nowadays does not meen FO much the adoption of black, as the avoid- ance of colour. A white Roza I.,ith a few yards of black tete ribbon run through the insertions, a grey gown trimmed with white, accompanied by the all fashionable black hat, or perchance a heliotrope frock with a black RR‘il, and a touch of black at the neck, is all the mourning that is required of U 9, save fir a neat relative. Children are seldom, if ever seen in blank gar- Mentr, and this applies especially to Royal childrat. The trand-children of the late Duke of Saxe-Cohurg are, it has been noticed, wearing white, and neither the Czarina the Duchess of Fife, or the Duchess of York have ever petmitted their children to be dressed in blank. " MADGE•"

===== 0002601_19000817_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH WOMEN "ALL NERVES."

A Note of Alarm.

There are ominous signs that the conditions of press-IV:- day life induce a state of extreme nervous tension in wornee, especially married women. The danger threatens not only the peace of many homes but the welfare ef the next generation also. One instance is that of a lady at East Elam, who has been the victim of dis tressing nerve troutles since the birth of her first child eight years ago. The following details were furnished by Mrs. Shaw, of 92, Lancaster-road, East Barn. Ezsex, to a reporter ol the "Essex Guardian.". She stated : " Bly nerves caused all the troub'e, and made my life almost unendursble. At times I was quite unable to control myself. As goon as the children had gone to schsol. the house became unbearable, and I had to go nut. I knew that I was neglecting the home, but could net help it. Doctors told me to' pull myself together,' and to wercome my feelings,' but it was impossible. I was a patient at several hospitals, but as time went on I got moue iestead of better. I had palpitation of the heart, and suffered from shortness of breath. I got very thin, had attAcka of faintness, and the nervousness increased so that I dare not be left alone aster dark. "Last summer, when the heat was dreadful, I got scarcely any sleep. I had no cause to feel depressed, hut suffered greatly from low spirits : if it had not been for my hustand and children, life would not have been worth living. •But mine wee a strange cute to a strange ease. A friend of mine had been cured of a eerious illress by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, and I suddenly rrsolved to gets hex. After only two doses I felt slightly better, and en I presevered, I could feel them doing me good, and after taking two boxes I was better than I had been for years. My appetite has returned. I dim) well and awake refreshed, %chi% I have shaken off the dreadful, nervous, miserable feelings. Dr. Williams' pink pills have done wonders; the credit for mv recovery is due to them, and nothing else." *Disorders of the brain or spine are manifestni through the nerves, which may become over-sensitive eausing acute misery at the least noise or worry, or delled and incapable of feeling. Various reeve diseasts such as epilepsy, paralysis, neuralgia, tt. Vitus' Dance, early decay of the faculties and hysteria have yielded to the f2reat tonic effect of Dr Williams' pink pills. By en- richina and purifying the blood they alsocure at Lernis, " decline," consumption, rheumatism, indigestion, pat. piatio, ard all forms et female weakness. They ate sold at two shilfings and ninenenee a hex, or six boxes for thirteea and nine, by Dr. Wdliams' Medicine Corn- pony, liolhorn Viaduct, London, and by chemists ; hut pereheeers sheuld watch that the fuil name Dr. Wil- liams' pink ell: for pale people is on every package, as dcCepllre sutxtitty ea are often passed on on umuspect- ing persons.

A cow betonging to a farmer of Mite, in Switzlrland• refused to eat, and wal plaughtered to prevent her dying of ‘tarvatiom. The cause of her bad appetite was dis- i covered aiter death. Her heart Was transfixtd by a lady',3 hat pin, which she bad probably swallowed with her bay.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
((;&PYright)

===== 0002601_19000817_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TEMPTATION OF DUNCAN RUTLAND.

ar JOSEPH HOCKING,

Azthor e The Birthright," "Mistress Nancy Mo!ovaah," "All Men are Liars,' "The 111017 of Andrew Fairfax," Ice.

CHAPTER XIX.

WDAT SZLIZON AND DUNCAN SAW AT ST. I'ETER'A

"You teem surprised to see me," said the girl, with a laugh. . "I am, indeed," he replied. "I had no ides that you thought. of coming here." "No! Well, everything has been very sadder It is less than a week ago since mother decided to come. The truth is she has not been very well, and as winter does not come to an end in Lancashire till well on to the end of April, the doctor ordered her south. She has not been to Rome for many years, while I had never been at all, so she decided that we should come here. Of course, you can imagine how delighted I am to come and see this,. the great centre of our faith." _ _

"Oh, yes," replied Rutland, "and I am gladder than words can say to see you here. I hope her ladyship is better.' "Yes, she is better, but she is far from strong. The doctor advised Italy, while Father Ritzoom, who has been staying at the Priory, persuaded her to come to Rome. He says it is one of thr healthiest. cities in the world."

"I should judge that he is right," said Rutland. "Of course' before the Italian Government took possession Rome was a fever-trap, but now it it wonderfully clean and health-giving." "And are you better?" asked Alizon, kindly. "Oh, yes, I am better." "It seems such a long time since I saw you. Why, it was last September when we last met, nearly six months ago. "Yes, it is a long time. It seems six years." "Does it? And you have been very ill. I-1 was very anxious about you. We often made inquiries." "You are very kind," replied the young man. "We heard once that you were dead," said the girl; "and—and mother immediately sent a special messenger to your lodgings. I—l was so relieved to know that the report was false." "Thank you," replied Rutland. "I suppose at one time the doctor thought I had breathed my last. But there—it's not worth talking about now. lam worth a host of dead men. I'm not going to die yet." During dinner Dady Neville proved a delightful companion. She related some of her former experiences in Rome, how as a girl she had an audience with Pope Pius IX., what he had said to her, and how he had impressed her. "I was here on my honeymoon with Sir Charles," she said, gaily, "so naturally everything appeared to me in the brightest of colours. Besides, the Holy Father was very kind, as were some of the Cardinals. At that time there was a great movement towards Rome. As you know, Newman and Manning brought a troop of converts at their heels, and it appeared as though the whole country was coming to bow the knee to the Holy Father. It seemed to atone for the lozs of Imperial power in the State." "But Rome has changed since then," suggested Rut land.

"I suppose it has, doubtless it has. But tell me what you have been doing here. Father Ritzoc,o3 told me he had written to Father Rizzio asking him to render you any service in his power. I hope he has done so."

Thereupon Rutland told her what he had seen. How he had been led from the head of one organisation to another, and how he had been astounded at the vast magnitude of the machinery of the Church.

"And were these men interesting?" asked her ladyship, her eyes beaming with pleasure and satisfaction.

Thereupon Rutland spoke of the services which had been rendered him in no sparing terms. He extolled very hithly the learning and intellectual power of the men with whom he had been brought into contact.

"The Church occupies a different position here from what it does in England," said her ladyship. "Yes, in a sense the Church is almighty," replied Rutland. "The wealth of the world has been poured into this city. Everything astounds one." "I am so glad you came here," she replied. "Father Ritzoom feared it might give you a wrong impression, and--" She hesitated a second as though she had said more than she had intended. "You see," she went on, "Rome is not like other cities. It cannot be understood from the outside. It is like a church window. You cannot see its beauty from the outside; you must go inside and look out towards the light." "I think I understand, Lady Neville," he replied; but he did not understand at all. "I am afraid I am not well enough to take much exercise while lam hex-6," said her ladyship. "The doctor ordered we perfect rest, but I am anxious that Alizon shall see everything. You say that Father Matthew is accompanying you?" "Yes," he replied, "and—and," he stammered almost painfully, "if Miss Alizon can accompany us—l—l shall be delighted." "That will be capital," responded her ladyship. "To-morrow and Monday Father Matthew will be engaged," went on Rutland, "and I had decided to wander around by myself. To-morrow morning I thought of going to high Mass at Peter's." "0 mother, I should like to go," said tilizon, eagerly. "Well, why not?" responded her ladyship, "that is if Mr. Rutland will encumber himself with you." They sat talking during dinner, and then Lady Neville invited him to her private drawing-room, where they passed the evening most pleasantly. On the following morning the two started for St. Peter's. They had allowed themselves plenty of time, and so were able to walk quietly. The sky was clear and bright, the air was crisp and exhilarating. When they reached the Piazza Del Popolo the morning sunlight fairly flooded the square, while up above them in the gardens of the Fincio the evergreens glinted in the light of the bright sun. "This is lovely," cried the young man. "I never dreamt of such happiness yesterday." "1 am awfully excited," said the girl. "I have often dreamt of being in Rome on a Sunday, and longed to attend high Mass at St. Peter's. Haven't you? " "No, lcannot say that I have," replied Rutland. "Oh, I forgot. Ido pity you, Mr. Rutland." "I pity myself," responded the young man. "This is the Corso," he continued, as they walked down the long thoroughfare. "This afternoon, indeed on all afternoons, it is crowded with carriages. So is the Pincio above. Yonder is the house which Dumas had in his mind when he described Monte Cristo watching the carnival," and he went on pointing out objects of interest as they went down the Corso. As they walked across the square outside the Vatican buildings Alizon spoke never a word. She seemed entranced at the sight of the great building. The fivures of Christ and His Apostles standing on the great front of the church, looking solemnly across the city, filled her mind with many thoughts ; the ground on which she walked was to her holy. When they came to the massive bronze door& which were open only on great occasions, sha felt a shiver pass through her frame, then she followed Rutland to a smaller entrance, where a dirty Italian lifted a heavy pad which hung across the doorway, and,"then held out his cap for alms. "Starving beggars on the stops of St. Peter's, - she nuirmured, as she passed in. Such thoughts were dispelled, however, when she stood beneath the roof of the most renowned church in Christendom. She saw at a altine9 that untold wealth had been poured here. Staities pillars, decorations, all represented incalculablc riches.

________ Duncan made hi i way towards the Gregorian Chapel, where high Mass was being celebrated. it is only a small building, capable of holding, perhaps, two or three hundred people. Very little accommodatiori was allowed for worshippers, how- ever. A few forms were placed, calculated to seat forty or fifty .people, but beyond that, nothing. About a hundred and fifty people were gathered, nearly all of whom were standing. At each end of the chapel sat a number of priests chanting. There were eighty in all, forty at each end of the build- ing, who sat in the armed seats provided. But few worshippers appeared to be present, nearly all were spectators. Both Ali= and Duncan noted that all the priests belonged to the higher order of clergy. Bishops, Canons, Monsignori, and other digiitaries participated in the service. Ail of them wore magniacent robes.

-

Allzon looked around tor a place Ivnereon to kneel, but noticing that all remained standing and looked towards the clergy, she did likewise. Presently she found herself studying their races. She remembered that all of them belonged to the aristocratic portion of the clergy, some were even princes of the Church, and yet she failed to be awed. There was scarcely a fine face among them. Most of the priests were fat, corpulent men. As she watched she saw them yawning as they chanted the words from the books they held, as though they were weary, and longed for the cere- mony to come to an end. A cold, disappointing feeling came into her heart. She expected to be awed by this service; she had dreamt of kneeling down on the floor of St. Peter's, while a great hush filled the hearts of the multitude. Here, however, all was different. There was no reverent feeling pervading the place. Presently a feeling of indignation came into her heart; for while the officiating priest stood on the altar and was handling the sacred elements, she saw that the crowd of clergy who sat in the stalls were taking their snuff-boxes from beneath their garments and deliberately ,taking snuff in the presence of the amused spectators. Involuntarily she looked towards Rutland and noticed a smile playing around his lips, a smile partly of amusement, partly of derision. She continued to watch, however. She had Intended to fall on her knees at the elevation of the host, but even while the officiating priest was engaged in what she believed to be the most sacred part of his duty, the changing of the elements into the very blood and body of Christ, she saw these prelates of the Church whispering to each other, yawning, and deliberately taking snuff. At that moment she felt someone tugging at her skirts, and looking down she saw a poor Italian woman on her knees, and was trying to make her two children kneel likewise. It was in doing this that she had accidentally pulled Alizon's dress. The sight of the woman aroused in her a sense of duty, and so she knelt down, and tried to think the thoughts appropriate to the solemn occasion. But it was impossible. As she read the book before her she pictured those dignitaries of the Church, there within the very walls of St. Peter's, yawning, and indulging in a habit which she despised, even while they believed that the very body and blood of Christ were elevated in their midst. She did not condemn the habit so much in private life, but that they should indulge in it within those sacred walls on such an occasion, seemed to the English girl the veriest sacrilege. Presently the service came to an end, and she had to move nearer Rutland, while a dozen or more priests entered, followed by boys. Then a proces- sion was formed. The officiating priest carried a receptacle containing the sacred elements, over this was placed a canopy borne by four men, while others bore candles, and thus they paraded around the church. She had enjoyed these processions in England, they had seemed to her picturesque and stately, but here everything seemed mechanical, unreal. All was so different from what she expected. "What does Mr. Rutland think of it, I wonder ? " she asked herself, but she did not ask him, somehow a weight seemed on her tongue.

Presently they found themselves wandering round the church. Many hundreds of people were within its walls, but it appeared almost empty. "Is it not stupendous ? " said Rutland. "Yes, it is immense," she replied, quietly; ".but I think I like smaller churches best." "You see those windows there at the left ? " said Rutland, when they had gone outside, pointing to the Vatican buildings.

"Yes." "The third from the end belongs to the Pope's private apartment."

"Indeed."

"Report has it that he often stands there at night-time, and looks out over the city, grieving at its loss, and dreaming of a time when he will not only reign over Rome again, but over all the world."

"And do you think he ever will ? " "No, he never will," replied the young man, quietly. :She seemed about to reply, but somehow the words died on her lips. Why, she could not tell. "What do you think of the church and the service ? " asked Rutland, presently. "St. Peter's is terribly imposing," she replied, "only—" "Only what? " "I do not know why, but—but it feels like a gorgeous vault." "Do you feel like that, too?" asked Rutland. "Oh, do not mistake me," said the girl, impulsively. "It is all very grand. Such a church ought to be. When 1 have gone again and again I shall understand it better. But I have never been in Rome before, and I seem to be stunned."

"Yes, I can quite understand you." They walked quietly back to the hotel, scarcely speaking a word. They took a circuitous route, passing the Pantheon and the Piazza Venezia on their way, Alizon constantly looking around with an expression of bewilderment on her face. "It's wonderfully grand," she said presently.

"That is the word, replied Rutland: "It will take me a few days to get accustomed to it all. At present lam sure Ido not see things as they ought to be seen," and , she sighed as though she were disaupointed. Presently they came to the Piazza Di Spagna, which was glittering in the sunlight, and where flower-sellers had brought their beauteous wares. Bright-eyed Italian girls followed them, beseeching them to buy, using all the English words they knew.

"I like this part of Rome best," cried Alizon, "it seems more like home."

"But not like home on a Sunday," suggested Rutland.

For several days after this nothing of importance happened, save that Duncan was invited to meet two of the dignitaries of the Church who had promised to dine with Lady Neville. These gentle- men, Monsignor Lindly and the Bishop of Tolisco, impressed the young man greatly, but both he and Alizon forgot the many things ,these priests spoke about, owing to the fact that on their return from sight-seeing one day, they were met with the dread news that Lady Neville had been taken seriously ill.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XX.

THE BAIIBINO.

Rutland did not see Alizon for some hours after their return. No sooner did she hear of the dread news than she rushed to her mother's room, and nothing would induce her to leave the bedside. It appears that just after lunch Lady Neville had been seized with severe pains, while her blood suddenly rose to fever heat. Every endeavour had beer made to find Alizon, but in vain. No one knew what part of the city she was visiting,, and as Lady Neville had become delirious she could give nc information. The • nearest doctor had been sent for, who had shaken his head gravely, and sug- gested that he consulted immediately with an English doctor who resided in Rome. The two physicians were holding a consultation when Alizon arrived. They agreed concerning a prescrip- tion, and left about nine o'clock, saying they would call again in the morning, but that if her ladyship was taken worse through the night they were to be immediately sent for.

About midnight her ladyship appeared to become quieter, and dropped into a fitful sleep, and it was not until then that Alizon left the room. When she got into the corridor she saw Rutland walking up and down, and with a grateful heart she went towards him. As far as she knew he was the only friend she had in the city, and this fact drew her more closely to him. "I think mother is a little better," she cried.

"I am very glad," replied the young man.' "Have you seen the doctors?" "Yes, I saw them as they came out." "Did you speak to them ? " "Yes. I asked them a good many questions." "And what did they say ? " "Oh, I judged that they regarded the matter hopefully, but they seemed very reticent. They always are, you know." • "Are they? 1 know so little of doctors. But— but you think mother will get better, don't you?" "I hope so, I trust so," said Rutland. "I have been praying for you, Miss Alizon, and if I can render you a service you will not hesitate to ask me. will you? " "Oh, thank you. You—you are the only one I could ask in Rome. Mother has friends here, but I do not know them. But it is late. Ought you not to go to bed ? " "I could not sleep if I wont. I have stayed here in the corridor hoping that I might be able to help you." "Have you? I am very glad. I know it is selfish of me. But then I am all alone, and it is helpful to think I have a friend." "I shall always be that, Miss Alizon, whatever happens." Tears started to the girl's eyes. "Will you ? " she said. "Yes. I am sure you will," she added.

"And to shevv that I am your Mend, I ast you to go to bed. You ought, for your mother's sake." "But I could not, Mr. Rutland. I must go back by her side. The nurses are all right I dare- say, One is from a convent. She is a very good Woman, but she makes me think mother will die." "Why ? " "Oh, she is always turning up her eyes and praying. She is constantly telling me to send for a priest, too. Do you think I ought, Mr. Rutland?"

"At any rate, one would do no harm," replied the young man. "Her ladyship will very likely be conscious by morning, and the presence of a good man might comfort her." "Sister Mary says she knows such a holy priest, a Franciscan, and she tells me that his prayers have wrought wondrous cures."

"The irayers of a good man must do good," replied Duncan. "But the doctors will be here early in the morning; you can ask them." "Yes, I will; but I must go back now, and you ought to go to bed. You have only just recovered from an illness yourself, you know." "No, I shall not go to bed; but I will lie down on a sofa in your drawing-room if you will let me. I shall be near you then, and ready to render you any service if you need me." "Oh, you are kind!" said the girl. "Good- night." "Good-night, and remember that God is good. Nothing happens by chance. He never makes a mistake." "Are you sure?" ...._ __ . __

"Yes, 'I am sure. I shall be praying for you." The girl went back to her mother's room. In spite of her anxiety, she felt better for her talk with Rutland. True, he was not a Catholic; but she felt sure that his prayers would help her. He was calm and strong too, and this helped her. She was glad, too, that he was close by. His near- ness comforted her. She looked at her mother, and saw that she slept heavily, while the two nurses stood near. One, a nun, prayed audibly, and counted her beads.

At eight o'clock in the morning, the doctors came and held another consultation. Just as they were leaving, Rutland spoke to them. "How do you find her ladyship ? " he asked. "She is very ill," was the reply. "Worse ? " "No, we should think she is rather better." "You think she will recover ? "

"Oh, yes, I should say so," replied the English doctor. "In about thirty hours from now the lever will leave her, and then she will get better. But in all such cases the fever must run its course."

"I think her daughter would like her to see a priest. I suppose there is no objection to that ? " The Italian doctor smiled scornfully. Like most of the scientific men of Italy, he was an Atheist. "Let her, by all means," he said, flippantly; "it can do no harm. We shall cure her, and the priest will get the credit." "Pardon me, are you in any way related to Lady Neville?" asked the English doctor. "No; but I knew them in England, and they regard me as a friend." "Nothing more, 1 suppose? I do not ask because of mere curiosity." • "No, nothing more." "You have no influence with Miss Neville? " "No, none in particular." "I am sorry for that, because—but are you a Catholic?" "No, I am not a Catholic."

"Ah, I am, that is, if lam anything; but dc your best to ,see to it that her ladyship is not frightened.", "What do you mean ? " "One of these nurse's is a nun. I have spoken with her, but some of these women lose their heads. Try and impress upon Miss Neville the absolute necessity that her ladyship shall not be excited." "Yes, I will do my best." "Of course, the fever may leave her a few hours before I said, and when it does, anything like feat would do her incalcuable harm." "7 understand." "That is well." The doctors left the room together. "The Pope is better this morning," said the Italian.

"I suppose so. Wonderful old man, isn't he ? " "Yes, he has a constitution like nails. I suppose ha attributes his recovery to the intervention of the Virgin Mary ? " and the Italian doctor laughed derisively. "A lot of the Cardinals will be disappointed again," said the other. After breakfast Duncan returned to Ladi.lieville't, private drawing-room. He wished to be near in order to render any neassary help; also he longed to be close to Alizon. His heart went out to he' more than ever in her anxiety. During the morning, a Franciscan monk came. It was the man so much revered by Sister Mary, the nurse. Rutland nomired the founder of this order immensely and felt kindly disposed to all those who were his followers. This man was called Father Francis, ar.d Rutland looked at him with interest. In appearance, however, he was not suggestive of Francis of Assissi. He was a well- fed man, short and very stout, and he waddled as he walked. His face was like a full moon, and his eyes stood out with fatness. He panted much at climbing the few stairs, and his face was almost purple. "I am not as young as I was," he said; "but I have come, Sister Mary. 'lake me to her ladyship at once."

Rutland could not help smiling as the brown- frocked brother found his way into the sick-room. He seemed so utterly incapable of imparting spiritual help. After about half-an-hour Alizon brought the priest into the drawing-room where Rutland sat. Alizon's eyes were wet with tears, her face was drawn and pale. "Mother is saying such strange things," said the girl ; "she is quite delirious. Oh, lam afraid she is going to diet" "Do not be afraid," replied Rutland; "both doctors told me this morning that they thought she would get better. The fever will have run its course by to-morrow night." "We must trust to the Blessed Virgin," said the old priest. "Let the doctors do all they can; but I trust in the sacred offices of the Church. I believe her ladyship will get better, not because of what the doctors have said, but because of the inter- vention of our Holy Mother. The Church can still work miracles," he added. Rutland smiled.

"Why, think of the wondrous things done at Lourdes," said the old man. "Hundreds of cases have been given up by the doctors, and yet they have been completely cured by the Blessed Virgin in her grotto. There can be no doubt about these cases. All have been critically investigated by eminent doctors." Still Rutland was silent.

"Oh, I wish we had some such power here!" cried Alizon. "Cannot something be done, Fathcr Francis? This is Rome. Could not the Holy Father be persuaded to do something?" The girl spoke excitedly; she was almost beside herself. "Yes, something can be done," cried the priest. "I was going to toll you about it. Surely you have heard of the Bambino in the Aracceli ?" Alizon shook her head.

"Can it be possible!" cried the old man. "I thought the history of its miracles had reached even benighted England." . .

"What-is it ? " a-sked Rutland. "A Bambino is a child, is it not ? "

"Yes. It is the figure of the blessed Child Jesus. It has wrought, oh! such wonderful cures. Cardinals, Bishops, and old Roman nobles have been given up by doctors, and then the Santa Bambino has been sent for, and, lo! no sooner has the blessed figure of the Holy Child entered the house than the patient has got. better." "Is this possible? " cried Alizon. "Possible!" repeated the old priest, "possible! Why, ask anyone in Rome! Of course, the Jesuits and the Dominicans do not say much about it, but that is because they are jealous that our Order possesses such a miraculous relic. But, my dear child, even Cardinal Lostella himself was cured by it, the Bishop of Tolisco was dragged back from the very jaws of death by its power; why, during the last few years the blessed Bambino has wrought cures upon the most exalted people in Rome. By the blessing of God that sainted Child shall cure your mother too. " "And can you bring it here?" asked Alizon. "I can obtain it for you. I must speak to the General of our Order, and obtain a permission; then I must 'Yet a carriage and horses, and after that another brother and myself will accompany the sacred Child here."

"Is the figure that large that you need a carriage ? " asked Rutland, smiling in spite of himself.

"Oh, no, it is not large, but we pay honour to the Blessed Bambino. It is always drawn by two horses, just like a Cardinal is, and it has a crown on its bead. It was crowned by the Holy Father's Secretary of State. I will have it brought in its jewels."

"Jewels P" said Rutland. "Yes, it is covered with jewels. It has wrought so many miracles that the recipients have covered t with costly presents • it has been a source of vast evenue to our Church too. People like to give Cargo offerings, you know," added the priest. , "And it has really worked miracles ? " queriecs Alizon, like one) in doubt. "Why, yes, my child, hundreds, thousands! Heaven only knows the number of people it" cured. The Holy Father thinks highly of it too. It is not generally talked about, but many believe that it is through the Bambino that his life has been prolonged. He has sanctioned a prayer honour of the image, and on January 18th, 1894, Leo XIII. accorded a hundred days' indulgence, applicable to all souls in Purgatory, for every tire this prayer was repeated with contrition. •Ow indulgence can be gained every day. Why, it i 5 the most renowned relic in Rome, more renowned even than that of the Blessed Virgin herself I At this moment Sister Mary, the nun, enteral The room. "You are speaking of the Blessed Bambino in the Aracceli," she cried. "Oh, yes, bring it, Father Francis, bring it." Alizon looked at Rutland as if in doubt, but the young man's face was perfectly motionless. "Yee, send for it," she cried. "If it has heels blessed to so many people, it may a!so restore my mother to health." "By the blessing of the Church, and througl,l; the prayers of her children, it will be blessed, , cried the old man. "Oh, it has a wonderfu! history. I will tell you about it to-night when bring it. it. If, indeed, the General of our Order condescends to allow its being taken out of tbe Church." "But there can be no doubt about his doing it cried Alizon. "I hope not; I think not. And when her ladi- ship is cured, she will doubtless remember the power of the blessed image, and shew her thank- fulness." "Oh, I am sure she will," cried Alizon. "I think, I think our General will give hie consent," said the priest, as though he were in doubt. "It is seldom taken out of the clikAtch riolv except to confer a blessing on some renowned and faithful member of the Church. Why, the last time it was taken to a sick bed; and the patient recovered, it was for an Italian Countess, Countess Pelanti. Doubtless you have heard of her. Slis belongs to an old Italian family, but she has lost nearly all her fortune. 'dike so many of them have- When she recovered she ivas exercised greatly how she should manifest her gratitude. She had 11° money, but she possessed some old family jewel 3; and although they were very precions to her, shis sold some of them in order to give one thous lira to our Order." "Oh," cried Alizon, "if my mother is cured, I will give two thousand lira to your Order." "Let me accompany you to the street," sai(i! Rutland. "You may get lost in the passages,,, and he led the way downstairs, the old nio" following him. "Have you seen our church? " asked the old mar' "No, not yet. I have seen your General, though. I visited him the other day with Father Matthew, of the:Society of Jesuits." "Oh, indeed, and what is your name?" Rutland told him. "Ali, I heard him speak of you. And you are e friend of Lady Neville. Oh, I shall be able to prevail on him, I have no doubt. Lady NAville is a faithful child of the Church, I suppose ? "

"Oh, yes." "The titled people of England are not poor lae those in Italy, are they? I have been in Englsn.9. myself. I learnt your language there. I think have heard that Lady Neville is rich." "Yes, I believe she is. How long will it take' you to walk to the monastery ? " "Oh, a good while. It is half-an-hour's walk for me. lam getting old and stout. Simple living agrees with me, you see.".

-"Let me call jou a carriage." "Oh, there is no need. We followers of St. Francis always walk." ~ aid is" But this is a special circumstance, s Rutland, noting the look in the old mares "You will be able to get there in a few minus"— then." clog' "Then let it be a close carriage, my son, a carriage. areelv The day passed slowly away, Alizon ec leaving her mother's bedside. At eleven °'cic'estlear night a messenger came to announce that F oarriTr Francis and Father Anthony had come in and that they had brought something to take t° fadyship' s. room. "Ails the Blessed Virgin be praised!" said Sister Mary; "they have brought the holy image." ctl shall be glad if you w 11 go and meet theca' said Alizon to Rutland. The young man found his way to the front cltra' where a carriage and two horses stood, while fa, brown-frocked friars stood as if guarding gr"-- trartsure.

"Have you brought it?" asked Rutland: "Yes,"_ said Father Francis.

(To be continued.)

Telephone

Telegi Icire

Elastic Stockiggs. Surgical Bandages' Abdominal Belts. Buy them from the only makers in Liver Poet SIVITI/11 Slol\l-1 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOer We esipply a better quality at. a lower pica tbaa arm In taa trade.

ESTABLISIIND 1866.

• HOSPiTAL, TRAINED •;, • INSTITUTION . ' • M'AkE,.ANtli. FEMALE NURSES Ai4l:l , 11,AR TE NDANTS: MEDICAL,SURC4Civ. &NI OTH IN NURSES • • 'l'PlbrOTM e MEDICAL ORO:PESSION, PUBLIC HOSPITALS , ittfitAFIRIitATE,FAMI,LIES OPE 'STREET, raphio ..,;441VERPOPL..: 'Nur tiss

===== 0002601_19000817_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. ..

===== 0002601_19000817_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN 600UNCIL.

A meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held] ZII Tuesday evening in the Council Chamber at the , OW Halt. Hall. The Mayor (Alderman Roberts) presided ) ait.nd there were also present Alderman Fairclough (deputy Aldermen Suttnn, Heaton., Hutchinson, Bolton, rancomb, Councillors Davies, Shlllcoca, James Evans, Jclati Evans, Smethurst, Baird, Lee, Rogers, Wilkinson, Ellison,Duncan, A J Jolley,A Jolley, A Bennett,Forshaw, onks, Peacock, Burton,Humpton,:with J Lyon Whittle ltown clerk), S sNilsou (deputy town clerk), I Fairhurst thorough treasurer), J Dees (water engineer), W S addock (gas engineer), J Sutcliffe (deputy surveyor), C Madeley (librarian). and Dr J Guest Gornall (deputy (Heal officer of health). The Late Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

The MAYOR tiaid the only communication he had to lilatre was in referenc3 to the very unexpected and sad death of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. They all aPereciated the toes the Qwen had suffered in the death ,43f her second son, and the terrible bereavement it must 10,,en to the late Duke's withw and children. While 18e Duke of Edinburgh—by which title they knew him eest—was actively engaged in England he had the un- alia.litied respect and admiration of all who knew him. 41.18 devotion to duty as a naval officer was certainly re- 41aritable,and he possessed abilities of a very high order. tie nation wad certainly the poorer by his death, and in 18 Own immediate family the loss must have been very &se'ere and deep. He moved "That this Council desires %.0 record its deep feelings of sympathy w ith her most gracious Majesty on the death of her Majesty's second B,Q,n, his Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Al _bert, KG., the reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and vetha and Duke of Edinburgh, and prays that her kaje6ty may be endued with strength to sustain this additional loss of a member of her royal house with for- titude and resignation. This Council desires also to express its continued devotion and loyalty to her Itllajesty's perdon and throne." He further moved" That hiB Council also desires to express its deep sympathy ith H.R.H. the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and ti_ue members other family in the irreparable 1093 which ~ueY have so suddenly sustained." It was not intended .‘;;) send these resolutions either to the Queen or the ullehees of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, but they would be Placed in the record of the Ccuucil's proceedings. The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded, and the motions were agreed to by the members standing.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Watch Committee.

At a meeting of this Committee on June 28th it was tesolved that the license for the performance of sta.'s. DIAYs in the Parr Hall be renewed for twelve monthi,al7d that the tender of NIL% George Venn for the hitching bar- hem for use with the ambulance at £l2 103 be accepted. uTbe minutes were agreed to, on the motion of the 41L4ion, seconded by Alderman HEATON. Finance and Estate Committee. The DEPUTY-MAYOR proposed the adoption of the tanutca of the Finance and Estate Committee.

Coun-citlor LEE seconded. Councillor SMETHURST asked why the auditors' names Itere not attached to the accounts. He thought it was 80 on the last occasion. The MAYOR said the act.s.ounts were the aggregate itecounts of the various committees. There was nothing r!esh in the manner in which they were submitterl to the i;euneit. They were all signed by the chairman of the ),...'°annittee and forwarded to the Finance Committee to The minutes were then agreed to. Purchase of Property at Wilderspool Causeway.

()fit a meeting of the Street Improvement and Lighting rratnittee several plans of buildings were recommended approval, and at a meeting held on July 28;ti the rough Surveyor submitted plans for the proposed en- b4tgerrient of the market shed and it was resolved that the rhirough Surveyor inform the Markets Committee that committee cannot approve of any plan which will 'pluce the width of Queen-street to less than 50 feet. t Other meeting was held on July 24th, when it was the3olved that the Town Clerk be authorized to offer the gtt of £BOO and £2O for Costs for the purchase of cown's property, Wilderspool-causeway. ItiAlderman SUTTON, in moving the confirmation of the ottfnutes, said that with regard to Brown's property the er had been accepted by the vendors,and the contract 4d been signed. 9.01113Ci110r BAIRD seconded. tkuouncillor LEE: The Chairman might tell us what is "e obj.ct of buying this property. le Alderman SurroN : The only object,so far as I know, h fOr street improvement. It is considered that the Derty may be required before very long for widening nses—in fact, it will be required for the widening that portion of Wilderspool Causeway, and we took °Pportunity of purchasing it when we had it. I.l4t:Uncillor LEE thought the widening was on the ether Th. MAYOR said it was on the Church side. He might pre tnPntion that in the event of a bridge being required the crossing the property was indispensable. " minutes were agreed to. Warrington and the Expenses of the Port Sanitary Authority.

The following resolutions ware passed at a meeting of 'he Health Committee on July 11th :—That all persons %hag steam whistles without the sanction of this com- baittee be required to make application for sanction, and that they be informed that sanction will not be granted 1/{eept upon an undertaking that the whistles shall not used for longer than ten secOncls at any ehe time; at the Pork Butchers' Supply Company, Limited, be ZieWed to establish the trade of skin cleaning at premises eilown as Ash Acre, WeNty-lane ; and that the Town tl elk be instructed to take the necessary proceedings tilpler the Housing of the Working Claeses Act. 1890, for Le closing of the following houses, all of which have ren reported by the Medical Officer of Health to be unfit :I' human habitation :-11 and 13, Orchard-street, 11 ikiati 13, Back Orchard-street, and 61, Turner-street. tsclietter was read at a meeting on July 25th, from the th eat Government Board, asking for the observations mf tt:2_l.own Council upan a resolution passed by the Man- '"ter Port Sanitary Authority, requesting the Bard ,111. ake a permanent Order and to form a port sanitary nority out of all the Councils abutting on the Port, them equitable representation, and requiring %II to contribute towards the expenses of such itolthority, and it was resolved that this authority has objectinn to the proposal, provided that the basis of °tribution be upon the tonnage burthme of seagoing emelt; bound to and discharging goods within each ltrict,or in proportion to the number of persons found 4`eetee on such vessels. It was also resolved at the L. I11,.(3 meeting that the sum of £2,330 be paid to Lord lt,[ord for the purchase of a plot of land containing tt,,,:400 square yards adj aining the hospita/. It was ki.'3l7rttnended that several Warrington companies be st,iinted the use of steam whistles on condition that no ;lin whistle should be used longer than ten seconds. krdderman SurroN proposed the adoption of the ,th'entes. Referring to the matter of the Port Sanitary kmthority, he said he did not know that they had been boloY way antagonistic to the authority and the pro- kr, ions that had been made. They had always, in I .11 been disposed to help them as well as they could. hi:vas rather surprising to find, therefore, that at the Valchester City Council meeting on the previous etecltlesday, Mr. Alderman Southern in the absence Vderman Walton Smith. the Chairman 1:1(3 Port Sanitary Authority remarked that there important places down the canal which partook to titarße extent in the advantages conferred by the autho- q• and which had very considerable commercial in- suck as Ellesmere Pert,Runcorn and Warrington. tt) u it had not been found possible to get these authorities tqe,Zree as to the proportions they should contribute.Up he present the authority had been of a tentative and Sitory o,baracter, but the time had now coma when thlhhuld to made permanent." He (Alderman Sutton) ti:e2ht thee abeervations were a reflection upon War- ton, and very unfair, because, as he had sta,ted,thev 411;_always been willing and anxious to assist as muchi Ile,;VeY could, and their proposals were very fair and ;as ought to be accepted by the Port Sanitary autho- 4'. He thought it best to mention this matter,as some tott,B°,e9 might have read the report and come to the t44tcOsion that Warringson was not acting fairly in the Ilihrr• He went on to say that be had attended the itt:Lth Congress at Aberdeen.and was prepared to make 14, 'Port now to the Council or, as they thought desire- -ea) bring it first before the committee. tee:neNiavoa thought it should go before the commit-

TCHL URS L'es and irritations instantly relieved and y cured by hot baths with CUTICURA Sota›, ktrawe applications of CUTICCRA Ointment, and dOSes Of CUTICITRA RESOLVENT. TOE SET, to.; or SOAP, II.; OINTMENT,26.6d.;RESOI, ed 6c, 64. Sold by all Chemists, or poetpaid by F. NEWERRT 'sB. London, E. C. Form Cour., hope., Boston, 1:1.8.1i.

Alderman SUTTON: Very well. It will be reported to the Council on another occasion.

_ The MAYOR, in seconding the adoption of the minutes, emphasized what Alderman Sutton had said with regard to their relations with the Manchester Port Sanitary Authority. From the very beginning they had net attempted in the slightest degree to shirk their share of I the responsibility or of the expense. The only question was 38 to what their share should be, and he did not think there could be any posiible difference of opinion that the question should be decided in proportion to the tonnage arriving at the various ports. To take the rate- able value of the ports as the basis would absurd be- cause as they knew W'arringtun was not a seagoing port except in a very limited sense indeed, and to assess the proportion of contribution upon the rateable value of the town alone when the town derived so little bee- fit from seagoing traffic would be a monstrous proposal —(hear, hear),—and ORO they could not under any con— sideration agree to. But if the basis of the c)ntribtrion was taken on the tonnage received at the ports there could be no possible grumb'ing on one side or the other. The port receiving the greatest benefit would have to make the largest contribution. That was the view the Health Committee took. . . .

Councillor SMETHURST was pleased to know that the committee had talon up the question of work whistles, and nothing. pleased him bett-.r tan to see a largo num- ber of people accepting the arrangement. He wished them to understand that the time limit would be taken notice of. He had not yet, however, heard one which had stopped at ten seconds. The time had been 21 and 23 seconds. He hoped that the works wc,uld keep to the arrangement. Councillor BENNETT asked whether they had power under an Act to control them ? The MAYOR : Yes.

Councillor BENNETT thought they ought to U9O it. It was questiocable whether they should allow them even ten seconds. He personally would rather hear some of the old-fashioned bells than the unearthly noise of the modern substitutes.

Councillor WILKINSON: I wish we had twice at; many. (Hear, hear). The MAYOR: Order. The minutes were then agreed to. Paving and Sewerage Committee. The Work on Wilderspool Causeway. Proposed Photographic Record of Old Buildings.

It was resolvel at meet no -f this Committee that a sewer lse constructed in the passage behind the new property in Bridge-street, near Friars-ate, and that the tender of Mr. Harry Fairelough for the construction of a gingway on She wharf at Howley, at £ll7, be accepted. The Borough Surveyor submitted plans, estimates and provisional apportionments of the cost of forming and paving the following streets :—Worsley-street, passage from Worsley-stvet to Allcard-street, pa;s tge between Allcard-street and Worse'-street, passage along gable, No. 18, Worsley-street, passage between Nos. 33 and 35, Folly-lane, pasiage between No. 27 and 29, Folly-lane, footpath along gable of No, 41, Folly-lane ; and it was resolved that the same be approved, and that the Town Clerk serve notices requiring each of the above streets to be formed and waved in pursuance of the private Street Works Act, 1892. It was also resolved that the tender of the Warrington Slate Cpmpany Limited, to supply 1,000 yards of concrete flags 133 accepte..l, and that the tender of Mr, F. T. 13gAnie for Ma pacing of Napior-street with wood, at £1,026 7s 31 be submitted to the Sanitary Works Committee for their approval. Alderman HEaTorr, in moving the confi-mation of the minutes, said the sewer behind the property in Bridge- street had been constructed. The construction of a gangway on the wharf at Howley was nearly completed. Alderman HUTCHINSON seconded.

Councillor BENNETT asked if any steps were taken in case of alterations necessitating the pulling down of interesting old houses to keep a record of the houses. He was not so impracticable as to imagine that they could save the whole of these houses, but he thought they ought to be putted down with a certain ;Lmount ef verence• An old house, said to be the residence in Bridge-street of the Earl of Warrington, had been partially demolished. There was a particularly inter- esting portion, a room with an extremely interesting gallery, and he was surprised to find the other day that that had entirely disappeared. The improvements rendered demolition inevitable, but he hoped Mr. Longdin would have taken a photographic record and vvi uld see that any relics touad wore taken to the MUROUM.

Alderman FRANCOMB asked if it were not pissible to put a few more men on the work in Wilderspo3l-road. It would eventually be a very beautiful road, but the work was dragging along at a very slow rate. He hoped the committee would put three or four times the number of men on it and get it finished. Alderman BOLTON called attention to the fact that the footpath on one side was 19 feet, and on the other side only two. He thought the committee should make them equal._ _ .

-Tne DEPUTY-MAYOR: I should like more men on Latchford-road. (Laughter.) The MAYOR : I believe this discussion is out of order.

Alderman BOLTON: I think there is something paid here for Wilderspool-road, and we are in order. Councillor JOHN EVANS asked if the gullies in Padgate- lane were connected with the sewers, and if not, why not ? He had had numerous complaints from inhabitants about the flooded state of the lane afttr the recent heavy rain.

Councillor Motims, referring to the construction of the gangway at the wharf at Howley, said they were spend- ing a good deal of money on what was practically use- less. He had all along been against the expenditure of money on that wharf and he did not think the Corpora- tion would ever make the slightest use of it. Ile wished they maid have some assurance that they had 'finished spending. If they had he had nothing further to say. If they had something more to pay they ought to take the matter into serious consideration. Alderman HEATON said this unfortunate committei had a largo number of questions asked cf it. Some were in order and some were not. (Laughter.) That sort of thing had occurred for a long time pass. It was not his intention,in future, unless members gave notice, to answer all questions put. With regard to Councillor Evans's question, when that district was sewered it was not intended that they should take any surface water. It was not intended yet. Many members knew-why. The sewage had now to be pumped If building opera- tions continued they would hare to provide for the sur- face water into the broek. They could net deal with it in their sewers.

Councillor Evaws : The gullies are not connected? Councillor HEATON : They are not and were never inten&A to be. Continuing, he said that Howley wharf had been a very long piece of work, and as far as the wharf and staging were concerned this expenditure would complete it. At the time this was proposed it was thought that it would be useful. He hopod yet that it might be useful. (Hear, hear). He had not the slightest doubt it would be useful some day for some- thing they were not now expecting. With regard to Wilderspool Causeway, it was very easy to say "Get men." They could not be got. In Liverpool and Man- chester they were paying them is an hour for their tram car purposes, and they were only working eight hours a day. The MAYOR : For sett paving. Alderman BRAWN: Yes. I think the work at Wilder- spool isgoing on very well. Alderman BOLTON reminded the speaker of the foot- paths. Alderman HEATON said it was now just as it was before the improvement of the road was commenced, and people then walked on the other side. The footpath was more than three feet wide where there were houses. If members would only be patient they would have one of the finest roads in the country. With regard to Councillor Bennett he had hardly the patience to listen to him. (Laughter) They had had an example of his folly at Bridge Foot. (Hear, bear.) He did not think anyone had a right to squander the ratepayers' money by suggesting that old houses should be allowed to remain standing. Councillor BENNETT said his suggestion was 'hat a photographic record should be kept of them, and he honed the committee would see that it was done. The minutes were adopted.

111htt , 1 ....-- , -7"•c._ \ ' - / , \ 140 Olik j'IY( lir h P ' f • ÷‹, 9 , , ---.4.4.--- 111 .NC HURSO'

===== 0002601_19000817_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Scholarships for Elementary School Boys.

At a meeting of the Museum, Library, Arts and Technical Instruction Committee it was resolved that the Finance Committee be asked to place a rate of ti in the £ for technical instruction on the estimates for 1901-2. The scheme for the Charles Middleton scholar- ship for boys attending elementary schools, which way published in Saturday's" Examiner," was read, and it was resolved that the scheme he adopted and that two junior and one senior Charles Middleton scholarships be offered this year. The Secretary reported that a gift of £5 per annum for three years had been offred by Mr F W. Monks for a local scholarship in art for girls, and it was resolved that the hearty thanks of the committee be given to Mr. Monks for his kind offer. The Secretary reported that the following County Council ochibitions had been gained by students of the institute, one in science. by F. Daintith (second year) ; two in art, by H. H. Dell and Ethel Mottram. The MAYOR, in moving the adoption of the minute., re-narked that the scheme for the Charles Middleton scholarships had received a great deal of attention on the part of the committee appointed to consider it with the assistance of the Town Clerk. Councillor MONKS seconded the motion, which was carried*

===== 0002601_19000817_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cemetery.

A meeting of the Cemetery Committee was held on July 23rd,when the report of the registrar was read,from which it anpeared that the interm-its for the past four weeks were :—Adults. 42 ; minors, 38; stillborn and premature, 5 ; eorrpsponding period hat year, : Adults. 28; minors 56 ; stillb&rn and premature. 8. The receipts fur the past four weeks were £lO7 64 6 1 ; cor- responding period last year, £76 184 11d. The minui-es were passed on the propositioo of Coun- cillor John Evans, seconded by Councillor JAMES EVANS.

Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee.

The report of the bathkeeper was read at a meeting

of the committee, from which it appeared that the- -1 income from the baths for the past six weeks was £ll3 53 Bd., 'And for the corresomading period last year £95 23 101 ; increase. £lB 2s 101. It was resolved at a meting held on July 12th that the tender of toe Warrington E!ectric Light sod Power C) Limited, for wiring and stting3 required in the Town flall, be accepted, subject to the fittings being selected by the committee ; that the tender of the Warrington Electric Light and Power Company. Limited, for wiring and fittings required in Bank /louse be aczepted, subjsct to the fittings being selected by the Commutes, and that the plan and elevation of the proposed extensions of the Volunteer quarters, now submitted be aporoved. At a meeting on July 26th it way resolved t—lliat the tender of the lilarrington Eiectric Light and Power Company Limited, for the wiring and fitting up of the Drill flail and Volunteer quarters at £BB 124 101 be accepted, subjet:t to the fittings being Lelected by the committee. _ _ _

On the motion of AldPrman BOLTON, secnacild by COUlleillOr ELLISON, the minutes wer3 Markets Committee.

It was stated at a m:eting of the Markets Committee that the total ineorne tram all SOIIITO3 for the past four N,47,ek4 was 2395 174 61 correspondiag period last year £393 93 9.1 : incre4se -C2 74 91. A!: a further meeting it WitH roved that the Chairman and D ,poty-^,hairrn an, with the Inspector of Weights and Measures, be appoin- ted to attend the annual geaeral meeting of the incor- porated Society of Weights and Measures, held in London on the 12th and 13th July. These minutes were pased on the proposition of Alderman EitITOIINSIN, seconded bv COUGeillGr ROGERS. No Increase in the Price of Gas.

It was reported at a meeting of the Gas Cammitt'e that the average illuminating pocer of the gas for the past four weeks were equal to 18 75 candles. A mr!ating was held on July 13:h, when it was resllved that Mr. Haddock be auttiorind to attend the annual meeting of the Incorporated Gss Instittf-e, and that gas mains be exte.ided in the township of Lower Walton. The annual report of the Gas En.gineer,which appeired in Saturday's " Examiner" was submitted. The eniarnitt2,l were please/ to report that they hoped, with earoful manaN:e- ment, to avoid increasing the r.rine of gas dming the next twelve montlls.

Toe DEPUTY-MAYOR preposed the adoption the minutes. He said they could -congratulate themselves that there would be no increase in the price of gas during the next twelve months, although he beicved it would cost the town £lO,OOO more than last rear on account of the the in the price of coal. Thlir gas engineer deserved their best thanks for the careful manner in which he had discharged his duties. The IVIAYOR : I suppose we may expt!ct s profit of £lO,OOO when coal gets down t 3 its normal price ? (Hear, hear.) AidPfinan HEATON sezondel, and the nv7tion was carried.

THE EXAMINER, FRI DAY, AUGUST 17, 1900. otter from Mr. William Owen, of the 11th July last,and SHOW AT WALTON PARK. r, ,„tee common seal of the Corporation 09 affixed to the follewine documents :—Agreernent with 'the Geonty The reputation which the Warrington and Dis- Council of Lancaster for the repair of main roads, 1900- 1901. Duplicate aereemeet with Mrs Eleanor Wrieht trict Agricultural Society has enjoyed since its for- for purehase it land at Saukey, and agreemeat with tin maion of being favoured with fine weather on the London and North-Western Railway Company with re. day of the show was broken last Thursday,when for spect to a gas pti • under Crosfield's Creising. the first time rain interfered with the attendance The hieena movel the adoption of the minutes. He and militated against the success of an exCeption- said the report of the Tramways Sub eyernittes had no ally good show. The extension of classes during the doubt been read be the members of tes Cuuclt, aed,he past two years has added greatly to its attractions, would not refer to it mere than to say that the result of and this year there was a record entry. The prizes their application for that pawer had been !sere are mush more valuable than in previous years, and satisfactery. The question of the purchase of iu this connection it may be Interesting to note Springfield was thoreughly decussed at the meet- that assistance has been rendered by the London ing of the General Piarpoles Committ.ae, and he ee aneteee Shire Horse Society, the Hackney Horse Society thought he had no need to say .• • I, and tre Hunters' Improyment Society. As com- further on the qnestion. The perch vie was exeee -it desirable, and the price was not unreasonable. They pared with last year, there were fifty-two classes , would have it in their pasver to make what Use Of it they against forty-two, the increase being chiefly in liked. Primarily, he hoped they would un-, the greater jumpers and hunters, and the total number of portion of it for the extension of Qleen's Gardens, hut entries was 466, last year's entries (which was the that remained to be decided later on. Tners was tee record up to then) being 252. Not only has the important question of the confirmation of the Bill in ik- number of entrants increased, but the quality also , nee them into a Counter Borough,which had receivee the has greatly improved. Royal Assent, and which would come into operation on Walton Park was again placed at the disposal of Ortobsr let next. He hoped oa that day they would the socie:y by the President, Sir Gilbert Greenall have an opportunity of celebrating their growth to that Bart. Tue grounds had been excellently laid out dignifiei position. Personally, h had taken a warm at the sole expense of Sir Gilbert Greenall. One of interest in the matter. He felt the injustice under sylaic the most notable additions was tbe provision of a they had laboured with regard to the treatment dealt out to them oy the County Council of new ring and stands which added greatly to the Lancashire, and also felt that a town of the comfort of the exhibitors and sightseers. In every sze if Warrington, which heel grown b-iyond the emit detail the show was admirably managed, and, had r geitescl fo• county boroughs. else' thorn to it. lie the day been flue, would have afforded unalloyed Was especially gratified that thee Bel came into operation pleasure to thousands of people. The entry of during his year of office, shire horses was both large in number and excellent Alderman FRANCO:AB, in seconding, said he weiald like in quality; a remark which applits equally to the to know if they es-re going to pension off the three haeimoye. Hunters, too, were of a superior class, county counciitore ? Personally, he was vere pleasei and the cattle, though they varied considerably in to be relieved of the office. It hail not be pleasant- ;it had; been costly, and bad taken up a great deal of time quality, were above the average, A striking feature But still he thought they should be pensioned off. Of the show was the young stock, which., oven when winning no prizes, gave evidence Ot careful (Laughter.) Alderman SUTTON tholeht the three County C eri- breeding. aloe shout) have invited them all to dinner before this In shire horses the best animal exhibited was the for giving them the honour. (Laughter.) smart two-year-old bay filly Lynam Lady owned Councillor SENNETT scated that he had always stronele and bred by Mr James Gould, of the Model Farm, advocated the purees,,e of the Springfield property. The Lymm. It won in the local class, again in the open use t whice it would be put was still open. M iny class, was awarded the special prize for the best memtsers thought that particular site was desirable for gilire filly in the show, and.iti addition, was awarded the Technical Institute, and he would like to know the District Challenge • Cup and the Shire Horse whether the matter would be temsidersd. He knew a Seeiety's gold medal. Lymm Lady is a thoroughly considerable number of men:hers die not favour the well bred, upstanding animal, with plenty of bone site whice had been selected,and if it was considered that an institute should stand on the b•st site pe-e-ible, now and muscle, and should, with good fortune, develop into something of even greater distinction. Le turn was the thee to do it. He persenelly thou 'lit thee ousel, to have a beautiful, convenient, and commodi boasts another fine shire horse in Mr Maclntyre's buildine, and on a site upon which toe atceiti.et could Redlynek Duke, a capital four-year-old, gelding, do full justice to himself, which beat eiessrkJackson's Hulton Laddie. The MA.Yon replied that the matter would be in the Hunter entries were large in number and satis- hands of the Council later to decide what should be done factory in quality. The winner, Whisper Low, a with it. Indiseduil opini an had already bale expressed six-sear-old bay, owned by Mr Richard Prescott, of as to what should be done with the property but nothing Ashton, showed all the typical points of a good of a definite nature had been brought forward. cross-country animal. Another first-class hunter, Lighting Bylaws. suitably named Treasure, and owned by Mr J H The MAYOR moved that the sena we with respect to Stokes. Market Herboro,was adjudged the hest four- year-old exhibited; but when it came to weight lights on vehicles, male be the Town C tuneil on the 1211 day of June, be, rand they are hereby adopted. carrying had to give place to his stable companion, T!-! PEPIITy MAYOR, secoeded, and the motion was Good Health, and also to a beautiful six-year-old carrieci. , chestnut mare, Sappho, owned by Mr A hrickle- The Council then rose. hunt, of Prestbury. In heavy weight hunters, to carry over 14st. 71b, Mr Stokes was again success- ful with King Bronze, a son of the well-known North Mayo, but found a sterling competitor in Foxhall, owned by Mr A J Brown, of Doncaster. The quality of the hackney classes may be judged by the fact that Mr Norman Read's well-known winner Snapshot only carried off third prize, Sun- shine, of the Berkeley Stud, being an easy first, and Lord Go-Bang, owned by Mr Franklin, of Des by second. The jumping competitions aroused much interest and among the competitors was Mrs. Blockley, the famous lady " jumper," who during the past twelve months has won £l,BOO in prizes. She rode very cleverly and won tee first prize,but her claims were very closely pressed by " Paddy." The third prize winner was unfortunate in being thrown from his horse at the final jump, and was rather badly shaken, as the horse also fell over him. Fortunately his injuries were not serious. Considerable interest was taken locally in the district classes for trades men's turnouts and there was 3003.6 keen competi— tion. In the two-wheeled class, slessre. W and J Arange of S. James-street, carried off the first prize with the five years' old by mare " Lady Sefton." The turnout was a highly creditable one. Mr. William Parkin.son of Buttermarket-street was &good second with "Jewel." Messrs. Hayes Bros. of Stockton Heath came third with a grey gelding and Messrs William Owen and Son, fourth with " Daisy," a chestnut mare. In the four- wheeled class, the Warrington Slate Company gained first honours with "Bouncer," a bay gelding of fine proportions and well suited for heavy work. The second prize was secured by Mr William Monks of Sankey-street, whose turnout for light goods traffic was exceptionally good. The Great Northern Railway Company carried off the third and fourth prizes with two brown geldings. The cattle classes showed a distinct advance on last year's show. Mr Richard Clarke, of Warburton Park, and Mr Samuel Gould, of Lymm, were the chief winners. The roan bull Marquis, shown by Mr J Highfield, Northwich, although in all respects a worthy winner, hoe the too common fault of a thin hindgetarter. Cheeses were:, as befits the dis- trict, of excellent quality, and the butter made by Miss A M Woods, ot Walton House, Warrington, won deserved commendation as well as the first prix Some excellent exhibits of hen eggs were shown and the honours were evenly divided. In poultry, Mrs. Priestner, of Hurst Farrn,Appleton, carried all before her and was first in every class. The work of judging was performed under great difficulty on account of the sodden ground,and the spectators also suffered by the discomfort. During the deer. the Besses o' th' Bern Band played selec- tions with their usual brilliancy. The judges were as follows—Shires and draught geldings: Messrs R C Cooper, Waltham, Melton Mowbray, and Joseph Grimes. Palterton, near Chester- field. Hunters: The Rev Cecil Legerd, Cettesbrooke Rectory. Northampton, and Mr C Carlton Curlieu Hall, Leicester. Hackneys and harness: Messrs Eustace Smith, Benton House, Newcastle-en-Tyne. and W 'Bainbridge, Hillside, Lancaster. Jumpers : Messrs James Tinsley, Daresbury Halenear Warrington ; James Hepeerd, Stockton Lodge, near Warrington; and W Beinbridge,Hillside,Lericaster. Cattle : Messrs William I Roper, Curthwaite, Carlisle, and Thomas Richardson, Wigton, Cumberland. Butter, cheese, eggs, and dressed poultry: Mr Thomas Welsby, Rbyl. Potatoes • Mr 1 James Mercer, Halebank, near Liverpool. Consulting veterinary Surgeons; Messrs Hugh Ferguson, Warring- ton, and Joseph Welsby, West Derby, Liverpool. Referee: Mr John Stuart, Rostherne. The society is exceedingly fortunate in its officials,and a better arranged show it would be difficult to fin 1. Sir Gilnert Greenall acts as president, and his Worship the Mayor of Warrington as vice-president. The committee consists of Messrs Richard Ainsoougb, T B ill. Alfred Broome' T Charnoek, Richard Clarke, Peter Davies, Richard Feirclough, William Fairhurst, Cyril Greened!, H Greenough, J Gould, S Gould, Edward Gibbon,James Idepherd, W H Jones, J Mainwaring, Henry els wdolese Henry Milling, jun., W Richardson, Joseph Shekeshaft, James Tinsley, jun., Frank Tinsley, Joseph Tickle, Jr,bn White, and Colonel Hall Walker and Colonel Ridgway. Tke secretarial duties are ably discharged by Mr Colin Maclver, and Me Beresford Melville, whilst Mr Joseph Knowles performs the duties of treasurer. THE LUNCHEON. Shortly after one o'clock a lunch was given by the president in a large marquee, at which a large number sat down. After the toast of "The Queen" had been honoured, Sir GILBERT GREENALL proposed "The Warrington and Dietrict Agricultural Society." He said they could con- gratulate thenuelves upon the strides they had made in the past eleven years. Many would remember the first show, and wonted be able to see the vast improvement. The shires were a wonderful lot. The cattle judges told him that the cattle were far above the average they saw in ,county shows. (Rear, hear.) They had a capital entry of hunters and hackneys. Unfortunately the weather was very unfavourable, but they must hope for better next Year. (Applause.) Mr R I WYNNE JONES proposed " The Judges," and alluded to the diffisellt task they had to perform, which he said teey bad done with the greatest satisfaction. The Rev. CECIL LIMED briefly replied. The young stock which he had seen that morning were very promising. They wore well bred and in very good condition. Oee of the great influences of a show of that kind was to induce the breeders to keep their young stock in first class condition. He was told that ithe entries of the older horses were excellent and he only

===== 0002601_19000817_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Rivers Committee.

At a meeting of the Rivers Committee on July 23rd a letter was read from Mr. R. T. FAire.lotlgil, th'! repre- sentative of the Corporati3n on the Upper Mersey Navigation Commission, reporting on the agenda for the last meeting of the Commissioners, and it was resolved that the attention of the Acting Conservator oE the Mersey be called to the movabll sill erect3l by the manzliester Ship Canal Company on W 3 )Iston Tiit 131rouV S4rVeync-reprt::l tl3 WI iv with the progres4 ni;deb ie Manalveer Ship Canal Company in the dredging of the channel in the rivor.

Th.) Minutei were" approved on tie vailtian of the MAYOR, secondel by Alderman HETON.

The Fire Brigade Complimented.

Counchlor SMETHURST, in m wing the adoption of the minires of the Fire Engine Clrnmilee. said considerable work had been done by the Fire Brigade during the last month, and he thought they 6eserved every cen.gratula- tion upon the way in which tney had performed their duties. It was not often the firemen received much credit, but they had won great praise for so ably cop- ing with the ricent fires. For instance, they would have noticed the fire at Mr. Isher4ood's stables, adjeining which was a tannery containing a very valuable stock of leather, and the energies put forward by the firemen saved that building when people thought it was utterly impossible. It was a noted fact that every fire—they they had had four in one month—the Brigade had had to deal with, the men had succ-eded in keep- ing the conflagration within the building ic which it started. The amount of damage done at the three fires, excepting that at CockhAg,e gills, which was very heavy, was £1,809, and he might say that the superin- tendent had received a very pleasing letter from one of those places. It read as follows :—"Chapel Elon:e Farm, Great Sankey. I beg you to accept my warmest thanks for the assistance you rendered me on Monday last. The promptitude with which you arrived at the tire, and the untirtng effarts of the Bri.gaile.ceunlel with tne fact that one stack in a most dang-nrous position was ex:lnlet dy saved,was most praiseworthy. The fact that the Brigade had two ether fires to contend with practically the same day makes me feel they are entitled to every compliment far the excellent way in which they coped with toe fire. Yours respectfully, Jomna WRIGHT." Councillor PLIMPTON seconded, and the minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Extensions.—The Purchase of Land at Winwick ,

At a meeting on July 9:h the Town Clerk submitted the award ot Mr 10bar: Bridgfori in the r-qermee by the Ecclesiastical Commisdoners and the C)rooration with respect to the acquisition of land at Winwick. The offer of the Corporation for 8 acree and 26 perches VVE-be £1,424, the claim of the Commissioners wai £3,500,and the award of the arbitrator was £2.180. It was resolved that the tender of the Warrington Electric Light ad rower Company, Limited, for electric level r,c orders and the laying of i the necessary wires at £6ll les be accepted, and that the tender of the Warrington Slate Company, Limited, for the supply of 32 saddle stones be accepted. A meeting was also held oh July 11th. A deputation from the Runcorn Rural District Council, cans;sting of Messrs Darlington, Baxter, Mawdesley, Ashton (clerk), and Swinton (surveyor) again attended the Committee with respect to the proposed works at Hatton. After considering the scheme the Corporation agreed to pay the cost of laying the sewer fro= the termination of the existing sewer ta the proposed new filter beds. Alderman FRANCOMB. in prooosing that the minutes be passed, stated that the committee felt they had not been hardly dealt with in the matter of the purchase of the land at Winwick.

Councillor LEE seconded, and the resolution was carried.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Gymnasium Committee,

It was reported at a meeting of the above committee on July 31st that the total attendance at tte classes during the month of July was 1,810. It was resolved that the tender of the Walsall Electrical Companr. Limited, for wiring and fittings for electric light at £5l 13i be accepted, subject to the work being completed by the Ist September next. That Mr. Councillor Wil- kinson be elected a member of this committee, and that the next session commence on 10th September.

The minutes were agreed to on the motion a? Coun- cillor JOHN Evews, seconded by Councillor JAMES EVANS.

The Electric Ligkting of the Town. The Effect of the Joiners' Strike.

The TOWN CLERK rep:)rted at a meeting of the Hier.. trio Lighting Committee'on July 12^,h that the oreamhle of the Lancsshir,3 Power Bill had been proved befne a committee of the House, and that he had obtained an undertaking from the promoters as required by the com- mittee. It was resolved that the amended tender of Messrs. Johnson and Phillips for cast-iron pillars for arc lamps at £987 6 21 be accepted. Councillor IlloNss said the strike that was keeping !back the progress of the building operations was now over and the men bad gone back to work. Those peopl.l who had to supply the machinery, &0., had been noti- fied that the place would be ready or them in two or three weeks' time. He hoped they should be able to push the work on much fa9ter than had been pos- sible recently. He moved the confirmation of the minutes.

The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded, and the moon wai carried.

The Corporation Tramways. The Purchase of Springfield. Warrington a County Borough.

The General Purposes Committee met on August Ist, and resolved that the tender of Messrs. Eustanc.z. and Co., to supply a silver model of the "Walker "fountain, according to the terms of their letter of the 20th Sane, last, b 3 accepted. The report of the Tramways Sub- Committee which was published in our last issue, was read. Mr. iluddock certified that the illuminatiiag bower of gas for the months of June was 15 74 and Jul v 15.25. It was resolved that the sum of £5.750 be paid to Mr. Edward Berk for the purchasr of his premises known as •sSoringfield." Warrington, on the terms contaired in the

===== 0002601_19000817_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
FLO NER AND BIRD SHOW AT

PEN KETH.

Fine Weather and a Record Entry.

Fine weather favoured the seventh anneal exhibitbri in connection with the Sink 'y and Penketh Cottage Garden and Bird Society which was held on Slturday afternoon. There was a record numbcr of entries in coo sequence of which, the show, which in former years has taken place in the schoolroom, was held in two msr- quees in the field opposite the Post Offi te, Penketh. the accommodation at the schools being iladequate. Much of the success of the event was due to the indefatigable eTtorts of the hon. secretaries. Mr G Clarke and Mr E R Godwin, to whom the greatest credi; is due. The attendance of the public was much larger than Usual, and the show was opened at three o'clock by the President of the society. Mr. Aitkin, who expressed his pleasure and sati4action az the increased support the committee had received from friends in the district, who had not only contributed in a monetary sense, but had also assisted by the excellent exhibits which hid added to the beauty of the show. That beiog the fist year in which the committee had attempted to hold the show in tents, it was a source of much thankfulness that the day was so beautifully fine. There was much in the show that was beautiful, some things that were good and some things that were excellent. He had much pleasure in declaring the show open. (Applause.) The fiswer, fruit and vegetable exhibits were tast,.fully arr4nged in the larger marquee, and in the centre was lsrge netnber of choice plants. .te., exhibited by Mr. Aitken, Mr. R. Garnett, and Miss Bolton. The eeneral quality of the exhibits was admitted to be excellent notwthstauding the lateness of the season and the effect of the recent weather. The judges were—garden section, Mr. Smith-Varley; bread, Mrs Photon; birds, Mr F W Heaton. The window plants were greatly admired, especially those in class five,which were in splendld con- dition. The first prize in that class was taken by Mr. E R Godwin. and the second and third wens to Mr. J. Davie a and Mrs Datton. There was not a large cellectioe of cut flowers. Most of the prizes were a,warded to Messrs. W Dutton (eight), S Moss (five), F Davies (four); and J Carrington (four). The bouquets of wild flowers made up by children under thirteen years of age,:eflectod much credit on the youngsters who had exercised great care in the arrange:nent of the blooms. In the vegetable classes there was a good entry. The potatoes peas and 'narrows shown were of partitalarly good quality and were a credit to the exhibitors. Mr. W Hill was success ful in winning the two first prizes for red and white Potatoes. In the fruit classes there was a poor entry.— Special prizes were given by the President (Mr B Aitken), Miss Bolton, Messrs Het-beets, Garland, Lawless, Podmore,Mather,Carter and Son,Owen and Sons,Righta Eustanne (Warrington), Baker (Peeketh). A. Cooper (Widnes), Cawley (Runcorn), and Hyde, and there was keen competition for them.

In the birds' department,some fine well-bred spscimens of both British and foreign birds were shown by the villagers. The best exhibits were adjudged to'be Mr. Borrill's nightingale. Mr. Jenkins' crest, and Mr. Peck's Yorkshire buff. The canaries were excellent birds and were highly praised. Mr. S: Booth. a well-known bird fancier in the village, exhibited two very uncommon birds—a waxwing and a popegardnel—both of which were in first CIR,EI condition.

_ The Penketh Tannery Bra sa Band played selections of music during the afternoon and evenincr. and Mr. R. Garnett opened his beautiful grounds to visitors to the show.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Prize 'List.

The following is the list nf awards PLANTS. —Tian., window piants in pot 3 or baskets : 1, I Hammon ;2, g Davies. One window plant': 1, 13 R _ _ _ .

Godwin ; 2. J Davies. 3 Mrs Dutton. CUT FLOwERs. —Twelve roses: 2. F Davies; 3. Carrington. Three roses, hybrid perpetuate : 1, S B,oth ; 2, F Davies. Three roses, tea : 1 V Davies; 2, 1 Carrineton. Six asters 1, W Dutton : 2. 9 Moss. Three spikes of stocks -: 1. 3 Tr ampson ; 2. J Carrington. Three dahlias. show or fancy 1. 1 Ffampson 2. W Dutton. Three dahlias. cactus 1. J Goulden ; 2, W Dutton. Three dahlias, pomoone-: 1, J Ca•rington ; 2, Moss. Three carna.tions or picotees : 1. 5 Booth: 2, S, Moss. Three gladioli: 1,5 Moss: 2, W Dutton. Three spikes ef phlox: 1. F Davies; 2. W Dutton. Three hollyhocks: 1. S Bodth ?.. W Dutton. Three distinct sweet peas. not less than twelve sprays each: 2, W Dutton. Three So ',erg of any variety: 1. S Moss; 2. W Dutton. A bouquet of wild flowers, made up ty children under 13 years: 1, Mark Atherton ; 2. Elizabeth Dutton ; 3. Ellen Spark VEGETABLES 1.N79 FRUIT. —Dish of six potatoes, red 1 W Hill :2. I Moss. Dish of six potatoes. white : 1, W Hill; 2 J Daniels. Six dishes of v -getables S Moss ; 2 Goulden : 3 (extra prize). W Hill Thee sticks of celery :1. NV Hill ;2, 3 Goulden. Dish of peas, a dozen : 1, J Daniels; 2. I Hampson. Dish of French beans, a dozen : 1, S Moss; 2. E R Godwin. Two vegetable marrows: 1, W Dutton; 2, 5 S Inkev , Dish of six apples, culinary: 1. F Davies ;2. J Mainlev. Dish of sin apples. dessert. 1. V Davies Dish of six pears: 1, S Booth ;2, Mrs IPlumpton. Dish of any other viriety : 1, F Davies ;2, 8 Rooth and I Harr:oven (equal). Sta-ri of vegetables fruit an floWer3 four feet square ; 1, Harold Clarke :C. W Capewell. BREAD-NUKE/M.—Loaf. home-made, not enceeding two pounds : 1, Rose Foster ; 2 Ethel Drs'aioa. oxnv.—One pound jar of this season's honey: 1, James Wood ward. _

Btanv.—Canary, Yorkshire. yellow I, H Abbott 2, G H ltathbone ;3, S Howard. Canary, Yorkshire. buff 1, R Peck: 2, 11 Cawley; 3, T Penney. G‘nary. Norwich, yellow, , 1. T Fenny; 2, 3 Ball ; 3. Tt Barker. Canary. Norwich buff : 1 and 2. R Sarker : 3, T Penney. Canary. crest or crest bred : 1 and 3 R Jenkins ; 2, T Penney. Cans...v any other v triety : 1, S Andrews 2. S Booth 2, J Ball. Mule, any variety: 1 and 3. J Ball; 2, R Johnson. British I,irds, anyvariety. hard bills (except birds of prev): 1. J Bali; 2. S Booth ; 3, S Davies. British birds. any variety. soft bills (except birds of prev): 1, J Barri!! ; 2, R Johnson; 3, S Booth. Foreign bird, any variety: I, S Booth; 2B R Godwin; 3, S Andrews. Selling class : 1. R Barker ;2, 5 Andrews; 3. II Abbott, Hydes' sp.cial : Jenkins.

BEFT KEPT LARGE. COTTAGE FLOWER GARDEN : 1, W Dutton ; 2 J Carrineton. BEST KFPT SMALL COTTAGE FLOWER GARDEN : 1, J Wslters ; 2. NV Hill. BEST ARRANGED AND CULTIVATED KITCHEN GARDEN : 1, S Moss ; 2, W

Warrington Markets.

At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday : wheat fetched 3s 101 to 4s (70Ih to the bushel) ; oats, 2s 101; flour (best seconds) per 2401'0.. 21s ; bran, 101,-1 per 20Ib At the Provision Market prices were as follows :—Fresh butter, Is 31 and ls 41 per lb ; cheese, 7d and 84 per lb; fresh eggs, 10 for Is ; fowls, 4s 6d to 5s 6d per couple ; English beef, 6id to 101 ; mutton 71 to 101 ; lamb, 9i to lid ; veal, 7d to 104 ; pork, 6d to Bcl.

PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BliS BOOTS IN LANCASBIBE.--Advtl

There!! Security in A few drops an the toothbrush every morning GARTER'S ..eregb, - . . . of Small Pill. BS D Priceo s sozopoNT Will Sweeten the Breath all (ay, and make all the ditiereoce A. , Sick Headache, tween— Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Indi- 'Good Teeth end Bad T,edi.. gestion, Constipation, Dizziness. white Teetb and Yellow Tectla. Furred Tongue, They Touch the Preteqi Teeth and Ugly Teeth Liver. Complete in Toilet Case with Int be cure the, &re CARTER''' I Tooth Powder, 474.

regretted that the weather had turned out so unfavourably. The MAYOR of WARRINGTON said he had been honoured in being asked to propose the toast of "roe President." (Applause.) He knew he should receive perfectly unanimous support in that proposition, and he thought be might say without fear of contradiction that the society was most happy in its president. Be did not believe it would be possible to find a man from one end of the county to the other who had a warmer, personal and more active interest in an agricultural society than Gilbert Greenall had in that. When comparing the posi- tion of the society to-day with what it was eleven years ago, it was almost impossible to overrate the advantage it had obtained by Sir Gilbrt Greenall's connection with it. Be was not a purely honorary president, but be was acLively associated with it in every depirtment. (Hear.hear.) He would like to say,as he had done before, that if it paid farmers to breed good horses it certainly paid manufacturers and merchants to buy and use them. Be wished again to point out the great influence of the society upon the district. When they came to compare the animals—particularly those in the gelding class—with those of even a year ago, they realised the tremendous amount qf good brought about in the district tkrough tit, influence of the society. He hoped the society would benefit by having the in estimable advantage of having Sir Gilbert for its con tinuous president for years to come. (Applause.) The toast was drunk with musical honours,

Sir GILBERT GREENALL who was received very cordially, thanked the Mayor for his remarks and said he was very pleased to see all present, arid hoped they would meet on simihr occasions for many years to come. (Applause.)

lutE IVER PILLS Nbsolutely cure

===== 0002601_19000817_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

NORM v. MIDLANDS.

This international test match was played at Walsall Baths before a large attendance. Neither aide was at full strength. The North started from the shallow end and showed much smartness, beating the Midland backs repeatedly. At half-time North were leading by three goals to one, and again having all the best of matters in the second half won easily by seven coals to three. For the winners Roney, Towers and Hodson each scored two go'ils and Wilkinson one, whilst Lirkin,Rounds and Taylor got three for the Midlands.

WARRINGTON v. WIGAN.

There was a crowded attendance at the Warrington Corporation Baths, Legh-street, on Tuesday evening to witness this r.turn match in connoction with the Liverpool and D:strict League. It will be remembered that in the first engag;ement. at Wigan, Warrington were defeated by three goals to nil. Warrington were poorly represented on Tuesday evening,the following being the home team :—A. G Robertson (goal), W Ashton, Baker and Sutton (forwards), Lowe and Warren (half backs). The following team did duty for Wigan :—Smith (goal), Saunders, Swift, and Matthews (backs), Elaselton, McGraw, and Nevinson (forwards). During the first half Wigan defended the deep end. From the throw in, Warrington got possession and play waged in the visitors' quarters until Saunders, of Wigan, broke away and sent in a good shot, which Robertson, the home goal keeper, warded off in fine style. Fouls were frequent. Ashton, of Warrington was heartily applauded for aishot which the Wigan custodian saved. At half thin ncnthAr side had scored. On chang- ing ends Wigan played up vigorously and Saunders scored two splendid goals, Robertson having no chance to save. Baker of Warrington, made two good attempts to score but his shots were weak and the final arrived vi ith the score Wigan two goals, Warrington nil.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS v. HYDE SEAL.

The return water polo match between St. Helens and Hyde Seal took place at Hyde on Tuesday night, before a good attendance, when St. Helens had revenge for the five goals to three defeat they received in the initial match at St. Helens. Final result : St. Helens 1 goals, Hyde Seal 2 goals.

LANCASTER v Sr. HELENS.

At Lancaster. The visitors were over an hour late. Lancast:!r were minus Kelly and Armitstead, and St. Helens were without Bretton and Walker. Lancaster though having the shallow end in their favour, were outclassed, the visitmrs scoring frequently. Mavisty opsned the score,and Preston added two goals. Robin- son scored for Lancaster, and Preston carried the visitors further ahead. Half-time: St. Helens, 4 goals; Lancaster, 1. In the second half, Kearnsley (two), Preston, and Green scored for the visitors. Result—St. Helens, 8 goals ; L incaster, 1. 4 two lengths squadron race was also decided, which Sc. Helens won by four yards.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN v. OSBORNE.

This important engagemsnt took place in the Wigan Public Baths on Wednesd ty evening, in the presenni of a large num*:)er of spectltors. Ibe interest and excite- tn.mit te the conclusion of the game was of the keenest kind, and the doclaration of a victory for Osborne by 4 goals to Wigan's 2 was regarded as very satisfactory, compared with their last meeting.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR CUP.

The Draw.

A meeting of the Lancashire 03 unty Union was held in Manchester on TU334ly, under the presidency of Mr J El Houila ' ton St. Helens. Massrs E W M`Norton (Widnes), PMarsh (Tyldesley), T Wilkinson (Lancas- ter), T RAdis (L-?igh), and r find (Morecambe), were elected members of the committee, in place of Messrs J H Smith, R Shaw, F Herbert, C Rawle, and 't B Limo, resigned. The following clubs were elected to honorary membership of the Union, v;2 :—Rochdale Itsrigers, Barrow S. James's, St. Joseph's, Dalton, Askham, Widnes Rangers Widnes White Star, and Littleborough. J. W. Trotter, of Stockport, was cautioned for rou2h play in the Stockport v Morecambe match on Ester Monday. _ _ .

At a meeting in Manchester on Tuesday night the draw for this cup was made. District I—First round : L es v Littleborough, R3chdale Rangers, Glenby Hor- nets, and Abbey Hills byte. Second round: Ahbay Hills v Lees or Littleblr Argh, Glenoy Hiroo' s v Roch- dale Rangers. Third round: Glenby Hornets or Roch- dale Rangers v Abby Hills, Lees, or Little. borough. District 2—First round: Rleetwood v Leigh St. Joseph's, Leigh Shamr6cks v Wigan St. Joseph's, F:oetwood Rlereation and Plank Lane byes. Second round: Leigh Shamrock , or Wigan St. Joseph's v Plank-lane,Fleetwood Recreation v Fleetwood or Leigh St. Joseph's. Third round : Leigh Shamrocks, Wigan St. Joseph's, or Planklane v Fleetwood, Recreation, Fleetwood,or Leigh St. Joseph's. District 3 First round : Carnforth v Barrow Sc. (eorge's, Leven Valley v Barrow St James's, Askham and Dalton byes. Second round:Dalton v Leven Val:ey or Barrow St.Jarnes's Askhana v Carnforc.h or Barrow Sc. George's. Tnird round: A.skham' Carnforth, or Barrow St. George's v Dalton, Leven Valley, or Barrow Ss. James's. District 4—First round: Widnes Rag v Fletcher, Russell and C.).; Salford St. Bartholomew's Flizton, and Widnes White Star byes. Second round : Widnes White Star v Salford St. Bartholomew's, Fliaton v Widnes Rangers or Fletcher. Russell, and Co. Third round : Widnes White Star or Salford St. Bartholomew's v Flizton, Widnes Rangers, or Fietcher, Russ3ll. and Co. Semi- final: Winner of district 1 v winner of district 2; winner of district 3 v winner of district 4.

Tke Bedstead Combination, At a meeting of the Bedstead Manufacturers Asociation, held at Birmingham, on Monday,it was ported that a nurn ber of firms had lately joined the secedere from the combination. The oustide houses are now in about the proportion of 16 to 35. Amongst those who have witherawn are some of the most important makers in the trade. The asso- ciation has been in existence about eight years. Operatives have been in alliance with the manufac- turers under an agreement to work only for associ- ated firms, the employers undertaking to maintain euce as lost their occupation by adhesion to this pledge. As the number of seceders has increased the drain on the funds for the support of men out of work, has grown to impossible dimensions, and lately a modification of the arrangement, was agreed to by the operatives Later seces- sions have threatened the combination with total disintegration, however, and at Monday's meet- ing it was recognised that, in the general interests of the trade, some reconstruction on lines accept- able to the revolted firms was highly desirable. The tzade is now in a very depressed condition, and there was a feeling that if step were not taken to avoid a war of 'low prices the effect weuld be dis- astrous to the industry. It was resolved to con- vene a general meeting of the trade to which representatives from all the bedstead manu- facturing centres of the kingdom should be invited, and that, in the meantime, no restrictions be imposed on associated manu- lecturers in regard to prices either for the home or export trade. During the existeixe... of the association, prices have advanced by 40 to -50 per cent., and operatives wages have been improved by 40 per cent.. It Is pointed out, however, in relation to selling prices, that the cost of all materials used in the trade has risen greatly in the same period. The independent action of seceders has caused a good deal of friction during the last year or two. The combination to sustain prices has also been bitterly resented by buyers, and many threats of reprisals have been made. E'XOELSIOR CYCLES at £lO Ka. Sole Agent, J. S. GARLAYD,S2, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warrington. Advt.

ASK or CU INGHAM' HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS—Ad

NEW RAPID CYCLES with Bin cranks and free wheels, J. S. GARLAND, Cycle Factors, Bridge-st., Warrington, Advt.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AMBULANCE CORPS.

Annual Inspection at Walton Lea.

The pleasantly situated grounds of Councillor John Crosfield, J.P.. at Walton Lea, were, on Saturday afternoon the scene of an interesting event—the annual inspection of the Warrington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade. Coun- cillor Crosfield has always evinced much interest in the ambulance movement, and this was demonstra- ted on Saturday when his beautiful demesne was placed at the disposal of the corps, The ambulance men assembled at their headquarters, the Gymnasium, Palmyra Square, at halt-past two and proceeded in 'buses to Walton. On arrival at Mr Crosfield's residence, they at once marched to a field. at the rear of the mansion, where the important event took place. fhere were on parade 24 privates and four supernumeraries, together with Captain Waring (chief superintendent), Superintendent Baldry, 2nd officer T J Hulse and 3rd officer F Taylor._

ihe Inspecting Officer was Mr. J. C. Derham, (Chief Constable of Blackpool), who is an assistant commissioner in number four district. The men were put through the various movements, which included stretcher drill, carrying wounded,infantry company drill, application ot bandages to wounds and putting up fractures,by Superintendent Baldry. At the close of the inspection, which was Witnessed by only a small number of the public, The INsPißdTon addressed a few remarks to the men. He said he was pleased with what he had seen alphough there was plenty of room for improve- ment. The stretcher drill was fairly good but was not sufficiently smart. It was carried out accurately but a little bit too slowly. With regard to the bandaging that also was done elowly, and they must do it a bit quicker. What he saw with reference to the putting up of a fractured thigh, considering the material they had at their disposal, was very well done. It behoved them as ambulance men to become efficient so that when they were called upon to deal with accidents they would be able to do so in a proper manner. The only way in which they could become efficient was by having frequent drills and practices. They should also read the in- struction books and take advantage of the doctor's lectures. If he had the honour and pleasure of visiting them again next year he hoped to find them more efficient. The inspection then concluded and the men were free to spend the remainder of the afternoon according to their inclinations. Most of the visitors availed themselves of the opportunity of inspecting Mr. Crosfield's grounds which are neatly laid out and trimly kept: The Walton Band was in attend- ance and discoursed lively music. Shortly after six o'clock a capital tea was partaken of in a marquee,the catering of Mr. Woodcock giving every satisfaction. At the conclusion of the meal Captain Waring called upon the Rev. L. J. T. Darwall, Vicar. of Walton, to present first aid and nursing certifi- cates and medallions to °number of members of the corps. Before performing this duty the Rev. L. J. T. DARWALL delivered a brief speech. He said it was a great pleasure to him to be present that after- noon, and he felt Captain Waring had done him an honour in asking him to distribute the certificates. He was sure they would agree with him that the- ambulance movement was of very great importance and was a movement which would spread every year. They felt the influence of it in their country parishes, and during the last few years he had. done what he could to foster a growth of ambulance feeling in Walton. During the three years preced- ing the present one they had a very good class, and. did their best to inspire a feeling of regard and enthusiasm for the work amongst their village men. At Walton they had very little opportunity of carrying out in practice the precepts they learnt. They should never forget the fact that the War- rington corps bad sent men to the front. In War- rington it was a great advantage that they had the opportunity of putting into prac- tice what they were taught. But, if they did not have this advantage in the country he thought the same enthusiasm prevailed. Ambulance men should feel proud to be the means of rendering help to others. The speaker quoted the old saying that"knowledge is poweeand stated that the saying came more true every day. in ambulance work especially it was very true. He thought they would feel that an inspection of that character was extremely useful and they should be strengthened and encouraged by it. In concluiol2 ha congratulated them upon having secured such a fine day.

'The Certificates &c. were then presented. The following is a list of the winners :—First aid certi- ficates : Privates Henry Maddock, William Webb, George Watkins, John Mahon, George Critchlay, Thomas Broomhall, Peter Rigby, James Wrench, Arthui: Horne, Harold Alcock ; medallions, Jesse Webb, ifenry Taylor; vouchers, William Paskin, William Kershaw; nursing certificates, Chief Super- int.:ndent W Waring, Superintendent S Bal- dry, 12nd officer T J Hulse, 3rd officer F Taylor; supernumerades, W D Fell, T Langley, W Newns, Privates J Kirby, J Fogg, T Davies, W Massey, T Maddock. J fl Pernberton,S Drinkwater,W Roberts, J W MEldleton, H Galloway, J Hill, J Harrison, Gilbert, J T Wilson, II Slater, T Miller, H Ilepple, McGowan, J Wilding, W Higham, H C Manning. Ti;e Rev. LJ T DARWALL read the following letter from Mr. R Pierpoint M.P,, to Mr. Hulse, " I have signed St. John Ambulance certificates and have pleasure in returning them to you. lam very glad that so many have earned certificates." 1 Attendance priz3s, which had been subscribed for by Captain Waring, Mr W B Roberts and Dr, ' Markel were presented to Superintendent Baldry, Superintendent Newns, Private Kirby, Superinten— dent Banning and Private Maddock. , Captain WARING proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev L J T barvvall for distributing the certificates and prizes.

Dar. HULSE seconded and said they all heartily appreciated Mr. Darwall's kindness. Ambulance work was for the good of their fellowmen and was aR good a work as anyone could undertake. He hoped that at the next inspection they would show therneelveg smarter men.

The motion was carried and Mr. DARWALL res— ponded.. ___

- Captain WARING proposed a vote of thanks to Councillor Crostield for the use of the field. He had been a very Rood friend to ambulance work and without the Crosfield family there would not have been much ambulanca work in Warrington. (Hear, hear.)

Superintendent BALDRY seconded, and referred to the good work done by the Crosfield family. They bad a good friend in Mr. George Cros- field, and they all wished him a hearty return from South Africa. When he did come back there was no doubt that he would take up his work ot loi:kinQ after and coaching the ambulance class. He (Mr Baliiry) did not think anything would givc, him mo'e pleaQure than to know that the Corps was beiry.; entertained 01 his father's ground. The vote was heartily carried and the proceed- ings terminated.

Several selections were given by the band and the remainder of the evening was agreeably spent. Anologies for lion-attendance were received from Mr .T Bridgwater (Manchester),Councillors Tinnion, Monk, and Greening, Misses Rimm3r, Miss Milner (Moore llow,e), Mr Fairhurst (borough treasurer),. and Mr..) Kinsley (gymnasium instructor).

===== 0002601_19000817_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " eraminer " g.l/4rtes.

OP LANCASHIRE CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises 'THE WarrinVon and 111,7-Cheshire Examiner, iyal J. if shed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published L. every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri-. J t day morning, and E Widnes Lixaminer, published every Friday I_ morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secure.; insertion of the undermentioned Adver,

tkements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS. 18 WORDS 6D , Ti) BR LISTS ON 6A.LES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 words PAIL ADVaIATISEMEN One Three Six Week Weeks Weeks Os. 6d• •-• Is. 3d. 2s. id. Os. ed. ... is. 10d. .3s. Oct. Is Od. ... 25. 6d. 45. Od. is. 3d. ... 3s. Id ss. Od. is. 6d. ••• 3s. 8d 6s. ud. TEE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. an* offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrIHE IVidn...:s Examiner, published _Friday moru- JL ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry.

Words IS 27

.•

===== 0002601_19000817_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Fr

4 !r.-

r

*

'

Or "Cranium " 4trits

T" WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMENTER." pub:ished every Saturday morning. T" ..EA.RLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAbIINER," published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every J- Friday afternoon. THE ." RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" `'•WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words.' ' Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 .. ..., Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 .. .• Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 • .014 ls. 01. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ....... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... 6s. Od. 54 The above elpirges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tlseraegt inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS .WANTED HOUSES WANTED A PART MEICI'S 4'o LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES POITNIi MISCELLANEOUS BALES

===== 0002601_19000817_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Birmstir Onbanio. dr.

WANTED 'a Respectable GIRL, about 18.-101, OREAT WESRVIN-STREET, Moss Side, Manchester. _ AOUGLA.S.7—Mrs. KENNA'S Servants' Registry. 25. Peel- road.—.Reliable Servants, all classes ; enclose stamp. . ,

WANTRD;respeetable GIRL. small family; washing.— Mrs. WHALLEY, IC2, Ashbourne-road, Liverpool.

WANTBIee strong young WOMAN for farmhouse.—Apply Mrs. ST47DRINO, Boaredge Farm. Birtles, near Bury, Lancashire. • '

NVANTBD. Ahorough GENERAL • small family': no washing.--After 5 o'clock, 4. WEIFIELD-PLACE, Livetpo.of. WANTED ,Gooad GENERAL ; washing: small private house.—Apply evening, 52, FICRNLEAF-STREET, M 035 0 Side, Manchester. •

WANTED smart active Girl, 18-20 as MINIMAL VANT corrifortable home.-554, CuEsTER-RoLD, Old Trafford, Manchelter.

WANTED COOKS, PARLOURMAIDS, HOUSEMAIDS, Kitenempaids and good Generals.—Mrs. WILCOCK , lbe Registry, Ix,nc4stor. ,

-IkVANTBD,IIISIBRAL, about 18 to 20; good home ; V tye:tel se our own; no chiIdren.—PLATELAYERS ARMS, Miry-lane,Z.Wigan.

-COOK-GRNBRAL,two years' reference, wants Situatidn in Warrington.—Apply Miss HUDSON Registry, Irlarn-street, Warrington.

_ 1J RS. WEvroisr • 25. BARNSTON-ST B E ET. Mount-grove. Birkenhei6.4-At once superior SERVANTS ; £lO to £3O ; eleven years: connection.

WANTED youpg GIRLS and experienced SERVANTS; ages 15 t,o ,40.--BoTrosfLEx's REGISTRY, Morley- street, Bradford, yorlishire.

ViT A liflaTnlitg r(ecsrthetbelse) GnleßarL 1111 tan! o oAk idndgr)..s ro gentleman'swELt Ruthin Lodge, Lee street. iouthport. NATANTED, coeiftry CURL. 16 or 18, as GENERAL; no I children washing sent out.—Mrs. GEORGE BARLOW, Hayes wood, .t 1 artf ord. Cheshire.

'W AreinD, second LAUNDIUSs6 tor small Institution. Churcbwomn,; capable ironer ; comfortable place.— Sit4TEP.S. MISsIoN rS -hoE,, Newport, Mon. -r - W ANwToEmDaninaltmlf, gyv,,,ages HOUSEMAID;£IVto ; English.am family three.— Mrs. er c b - Mrs. EDEN, Lletty-'n:Diyiy, Colwyn. N.W. --- IWANTED good Win COOK. private family ; housemaid waitress kepta„wages £2O; reference required:—Apply litirrwisTLE, 5, Carshalpin,-Joad, Blackpool. WANTED a kijoci strong country lIIRL, to help with housework; toOdtiference required. —Apply by latter 11•Ir3 Tnamsox. MA; litanley-road, Liverpool. --4---- _ ---- WANn'aTir t.anaCfOltootand HoglidSrelinMALDoT.TLootlywalesfar Clare- mont Terrace, Morley-4495t, Bradford, Yorkshire. ------;---------42—‘1, • able to wash 'W ANTED GEN , goo , age o , and cook; gook references ; state wages.—Address Mrs. NoTax. 351, Lelvt-read., Atherton, near Manchester

NVANTED at once NI,IIISB for Leigh, aged 20 or over; comfortable bow for respectabte girl.—Apply or address Mrs. JONI'S, Select-Eegistry. 56, Earle-street. Earles- town.

- AYANTRD GBNBIIAL-SURVANT, been out before. age 16 to 20 ;3s 6d to •Afi 6d ; family about to remove to Winwick.—Write it; 40. LIiGSMORE-LsNE, Toll Bar, St. Helens.

ENore A. Lr,efaebroenntee2so. ;wfaognede WANotTlieDh;idartimon.Oec,Qptr intgrnt% Gle h £l6.—Mrs. BURKITT:'.ItO, Bramhall-lane, Bramhail, near hteckpert.

_—____--,---:---- WANTED a Good GNIXERAL, about 20 or 24, who can do plain cookink."-Two in family. Part of washing sent out, £l6, ref erenco required.—Apply 28, BT. MART'SROAD, Higher Crumpsall. Manchester. 4ZEI:VANTS with refe-rences wanting situations at seaside ..".1 and other placesr.:-Atply Mrs. PRESTON. Progressive Registry. 14, Bold ilnPe._ Liverpool, or 44, Charles-street, Blackpool. Enclose staknap-.., -------= ' '''--1------- WANTED. a situailori ‘tti• a bachelor or widower as WORKING-HOPVCEEPER. good cook, so., seven 7ear3 reference from gentleman ; salary moderate.—P., 64, -PORTS3L)IITH-ST., OXFORI?T., MSRCheSter. ------r•---.—',---- --------- INTANTED. thorough .experienced COOK-GENERAL, for small family, Iy.Beptember ; good wages given to comp3tent peraon.—App, , by letter or personally, after one. Monday and Wt. , badly, s&w, 22, rk-road, Birkdale, Bouthport. . , ..4

A PARTMENTS pleasantly situated.—Mrs. BUTLER. Bet 13. View, Windermere.

LYTHAIII.—Mrs COULTON. Westby House, one minute's walk from station. APARTM lOUS.

B11)0WBEhd (Windermere).—Comfortable APARTMENTS. —Mrs. SUART, 1, North-terrace, Bowness.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
diknteli.

_ QCRAP RUBBER WAISTi4I4 for prompt cash. Any kind and quantlty.—RiciipiD4s6l‘, Buck-street. Birmingham. A UCTIONEE—R Lichtted hOPEN for an ENGAGEMENT; 11.. good salesman and BMW y.--BcoTT, 82, Russell-road, Smithdown-road, Live:riarool;

WAR MEDALS Wit,,NTRD; dated 1848, or earlier. £2 given ; also round Argtic-Red, River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele !co.-11,v31t To*l34,,Oroltwlch. WYANTBD COW MAN.'.t.6 live in; must be good milker' Also Waggoner to live" one who can milk preferred; good wages to suitabie,,psen.—W. TANNER, Perrin Farm, Csvnham, Ludlow. • .

urAITRD HBADMASTER for 303 boysjand ASSISTANT MISTRESSES. Applications are invited for the post of headmaster to open new .K,nowsley-road British School St. Helens ; salary £l2O 'Pei' annum Also for two assistant mistresses, trained certftieSted. at salary of £65 per annum. - Apply to A. E. PiLlCHiciTelfvereve-street, St. Helens. -- - - ILD GOLD AND SILV.Itt, Plated Articles on copper and ,7 Antiques WANTEIV-Highest cash prices given or taken in exchange for Diamonds, Gold and Silver Watches and Jewellery oc every& 4e,wlption from the finest selection n the Midlands. The cheapest house in the country for Musical and Ai athematiqal. Xnatrum eats , Cloaks, Bronzes. Cutlery Silver and Electfo4Ute. Carriage paid one way if no sale effected. DistAtess:Jno object. Bankers reference given. Established 1844,7)11411ER, Pawnbroker and Jeweller* 9, John Bright-strect. Birmiptitam (two minutes' walk from et Mid. Rlys, and'ltittrom G.W.R.)

R)orses,-;(t'arriageo. Scr.

CA.RRIAO:4.IJAMP MAKER.

BINNION,

4, Aui STREET, LONDON IiGAD, LIVERPOOL.

DR. J. CO:Ji.i.2IS BROWNE ORBORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL":. AND ONLY GENUINE. CLILORODYNE iscadmitted by this Profession to be the most wondirf* and valual4le remedy ever di. covered. OHLORODYNE ia-itp_6. -best remedy known for k/ Coughs, ConsumPtiblq.ll"....oncbitis and Asthma. IiLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k) those too often hitil • alsease3—Diphtheria, Fever Croup Agile. P.IILORODYNE-4&s.' -like a charm in Diarrhoaa NJ and is the only specififbi Choleraand Dysentary. CELORODYNE 'tuffkttisily cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. f-IHLORODYN E. 18 bhernnly palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, 'Cancer. Toothache. Meningitis, ac. From Dr. B. J. BODLTON AND CO., Hornoastle. We have made prettypttansive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and loot upsifi it., as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, anctlfrom wb &Lever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude r Jt obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possee this great advantage over all ether sedatives ;ttnbll• eaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell comntatttleeltiktto the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of ?any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, IstaDecember. 1864. CAUIION.—BEWAREOF PIitACY AND IMITA- "-- CAorrort.—Vice-Ch*Letlinr Itr W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNII •nn3oubtedly, the inventor a •• CHLORODYNE " gnct.tha.he story of the defendant pREEN,Lif, was deliberatels,aaatrue, which be regretted to say had been sworn to., eltesei, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at In. Z. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words pa. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYN E "on the nubble:anent Stamp. Overwhelm- sag Medica ,testicaotayr,Ptiuies each bottle.

ST. ANNES-ON-SHA. —Mrs. BIRTWISTLE, Moreton House, 13, St. Alban's-road. Public or Private Apartments.

QT. ANNES-ON-THE-SBA. To let furnished cottage. k 7 Terms reasonable.—Apply for September.-3. nT. ANDREWS-R 0 AD. North, St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

MORECAMBE, W.B.—Original NELSON HOUSE. b SETS RD AND CLOUGH. 109. Balmoral-road, off Regent-road. Public, private, homely, clean. Piano.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY ......- MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FO MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING ____

MoTH POSThS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in he Country. MAMMOT ti POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEW SET STREET, WARRINGTON.

010110, Zuslnf.sses, tit.

THE FIRST AND FOREMOST FURNISHERS ARE Pars's, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station. through Railway Arch) ;

ALSO AT PITTS'S NIIVI BRANCH,

pITTS'S, PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station).

Business Hours. Bto 7; Saturdays 8 to 9.

THERE'S NOTHING HALF SO SWEET IN LIFE as LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM. So sang Tom Moore years ago, and everyone who has been fortunate enough to consummate a happy engagement by a suitable marriage will doubtless cordially endorse his statement. What could be pleasanter than to be the proud posssessor of a nice home, presided over by a loving winsome wife, whose sole desire is to made things comfortable for you and the little ones—when they arrive? Especially do you realise the charm when you know that thanks to your own industry and the economical methods of the aforesaid good lady the "nest egg "at the bank is steadily augmenting. Agreeable home surronedings, of course, tend to heighten the felicity whilst upholding the family dignity. Good furnishings. artistically and substantially constructed and tastefully arranged, not only give pleasure to all beholders but have an educational, an elevating influence upon the children, creates in their susceptible minds the desire to possess a similarly furnished home some day, supplied by the MIRO good old firm their rarents patronised, makes them frugal and thrifty, so that when they reach manhood or woman- hood other good orders are given to PITTS'S, of LONDON- ROAD AND GAYTH URN, who fulfil them in a satisfactory manner, as usual.

PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 15f, 22f, 28f. 38f, 50, 75. 100. 200 up to 1.000 guineas, specially augmented in quantity and quality of articles, represent the highest standard of excellence pro- curable. They easily excel others. Full particulars and new ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE. containing 700 designs, post free. Cash prices only quoted; deferred pay- ments arranged.

PITTS'S DINING-ROOM SUITES (Second-hand), Magnificent solid walnut Suite, in rich'Oriental saddlebags. with velvet borders, divan couch, and elegant easy and small chairs, cost £3O, for £l3 ; massive spoon back Suite, very fine, heavy frames in real skins, cost £35, for £l5 ; krand solid Oak Suite, frames exceptionally heavy and elaborately carved, very uncommon design, cost £4O, for 217 ; another similar, in walnut, £lB. Two hundred to select from.

TIITTS'S SIDEBOARDS (Second-band).—Handy Sideboard in walnut, latest design, fitted with drawers, cupboards, Scc.. cost £7, for £3 ss. substantial solid Oak Sideboard, massive and bold, cost £lO. for £5 ; very special, solid Oak Sideboard, splendid design and workmanship, cost £l2, for £7 ; marvellous Sideboard. very imposing design, cost £2O, for £9 ; grand walnut Sideboard, cost £24. for £l2 Scores to select from, astounding value, up to £6O each; well wort% seeing. Dining Tables, all sizes, makes, and woods, at exceptionally low prices.

-111DITV,'S DRAWING-ROOM SUITES (Second- band).—Artistic Chippendale Suite. Oriental covering. cost £l2. for £6 10s; inlaid mahogany Suite, covered in silk, cost £l6, for £9; Chippendale Suite. exnensive choice silk covering, cost £2O, for £lO 10s; exquisite inlaid rosewood Suite, of choice character, latest design, beautifully covered in silk tapestry, cost £25, for £l4 ; elegant Louis XV, Suite, in dark Chippendale mahogany. beautifully covered, cost £35, for £l9. Over a hundred suites to select from, at all prices up to £4O each.

DITTS'S DRAWING-ROOM CABINETS (Second- hard).—lnlaid Rosewood French Cabinet, beautiful design, cost £29 for £8 16s ; exquisite inlaid Rosewood Cabinet, exceptionally choice design. would grace any draw- ing room, cost £3O, for £l5. Scores of others to select from up to £6O each. Overmantels in endless variety.

PITTS'S BEDROOM FURNITURE (Second- hand). --Elegant Bedroom Suite, landscane pattern. carved panels and bevelled plates cost £lB for £lO ; tasteful. Suite in walnut, finely designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors. everything complete, large sized stands and tables. pedestal, rail, chairs, cost £3O, for £l5 ; magnificent Suite of full number of &Moles, all large, of best workmanship and design, cost £4O, for £lB ; another similar, coat £5O, for £24. A hundred others, up to £go each.

pITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest I. and beet selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Bare chance for cheap lines.

PITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. —Grand Display. All Britisb makes, choicest designs. many exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and fitted tree of charge.

PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS. Lamps, Chins, Glass, Earthenware, Magnificent selection. Astounding value. Inspection invited.

SAMUEL PINS, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwiok and Longeight care); GAYTHO RN (all City-road gars pass door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1.124.

epries,

NR. W. H. PAYTON, MUS. BAG., ViCT., (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVRS PUPILS in ORGAN, PIA.NOFORTH, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College a Music. Terms moderate,—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

RESULT Ok'

SPRING CLEANING COMPETITION.

We have received such a number of really good parodies on Kipling's celebrated verses that we should like very much to give the prize to several dozens of them. As that, how- ever, is impossible, we hive had to make a choice and have decided upon which we think Is really the most appropriate. We publish this one, and also a selection of the others, not adjudging them the best of those which have been sent in but as a representative selection. We desire to thank all those who have taken the trouble to send us contributions towards this competition.

.23 was AWARDED to EDWARD H. DAVIS, Harborne, the following_ verses :—BOOTb

AbVlOl4 to HOUSEWIVES.

When you're started with Spring Cleaning—and you want

to do it clean

(And you know you cannot do it with your mouth)— Will you kindly buy a bottle of our Yurnitewrer Cream, Which is used in East and West and North and South. It's a powerful kind of compound, and it's very good to And you and Jane can take it as you find it. When it's used in active service, cleaning stains from " sticks,'' You will find it wont leave many marks behind it.

Boots shop, Boots shop, shop of a hundred things An enterprising Company, it's all the rage to-day • Everything sold for the lowest cash (as you can see for yourselves). Then step in ladies, take your choice, and pay pay pay! There are wives who do it secret—asking no permission to— For their husbands wouldn't give it if they did' • But suppose you use our " polish"—it will make things look like new— And you need not stop the work " cos " there's a kid. You could do your cleaning casual—without worry—when he's gone, For if the beggar's absent never mind him. You might use our "Wills' Ammonia," which would take away the smell Of tobacco—which he always leaves behind him. Boots shop, Boots shop, etc. You can manage so as later, when you loek him in the face, You can tell him what he'll think is only fair, How that while he earned the wages you had tidied up the place And had polished up his special old arm chair. He's an absent•minded beggar, and he may forget it all, But you do not want his kiddies to remind him That you locked them in the coal house while you eleaned his house and hall, lied were bright'aing up the home he'd left behind him. Boots shop, Boots shop, etc.

When you've started on your cleaning, when you're scour- ing all your rooms, Use" Ammonia, Cloudy Cleansing," made by Wills, You can buy it for a shilling, and you'll find its pleasant fumes All the dirt end noxious germs quite quickly kills, Boots' an advertising beggar, but his stores are very great, And I and you must take him as we find him, He'd sooner have your cash than put it on a slats, And he's leaving all the other shops behind him. Cooks Boots, dukes Boots, Boots of a hundred kings, Boots of a market publicsn,he'll fit them all,we say; With Varnish. or Cream. and Paint, and thousands of other things, Ask for them all for your cleaning's sake and pay, pay, pay. There are girls who make no secret,'coa they'vey,no occasion to Boots Cream to polish furniture is good, That Gold Paint as made by Morgan is the finest thing that you Can gild upon old ormolu or wood. There are girls you talk to casual, will assure you that they love To polish up their brasses, and their tins, With Paste thst's sold at Boots, so much better, and above All others, covering multitudes of sins. Cooks' sins, dukes' sins, sins of a belted earl, Fifty thousand soldiers' sins, gone from them astray, Buttoas and buckles and gun, will shine our khaki girl, Buy it quick for your polishing's sake, to-day, day, day. There are families by thousands using Booties Oaken Stain ' To furbish up bare spots around their fliors, It saves them yards of carpet, for it will wash again When varished well to close the open pores. You can polish up the chairs with the Cream they sell Boots— You need not go to Africa to find him. He has so many branches, from scores of good old roots, He is mostly at the front, nor looks behind him! Dukes' Cream, cooks' Stain, Polish for metals, Gel Paint, These are the things you will ask for going to Boots to-day, With Ammonia, Cloudy Cleansing, to save you from a faint, Take yoar cash in your pocket and pay. pay,pay. Nom de plume JACOB WILSON, Nottingham.

If your slavey goes and leaves you when spring cleaning's coming on, And you cannot get another maid that suits. I will tell fOU how to manage with little extra toil, Just walk off to the nearest shop of BOOTS. They are civil and obliging, you will very quickly find, Their goods are cheap and fresh and up to date. And you'll buy for say one shilling what most firms would sell for three, As they trade for cash and do not keep a slate. Pure Drugs, Gold Paint, Furniture Cream and Pills. Stuff for saving elbow grease, powders and various roots, Stains and Polish of every kind, things that will cure all ills, So cease to fret, but put on your shoes and just try BOOTS. If you think your chairs and tables get a little worse for wear, And the sideboard is not what it used to seem, Don't break your cups and saucers and say you wish you're dead, For 4d. only need be spent on Cream. With a rag apply it gently, any child can put it on, It's as easy if you want to stain the floor. Spend another 41d. on a pot of Varnish Stain, Then your home will look just as it did of yore. Soft Soap, Brunswick Black, Paste for a hundred tins, Oils and Paints of every kind, Cloudy Ammonia, too, Each of them certain todo its work, just as you're told It will, So keep home clean for your credit's sake and you'll not rue. When you've finished in the bedroom, and the parlour and the hall. Although you're well repaid don't think you're done, 7 There'd the pots and pans and kettles want a little clean- ing out, So again to BOOTS you'll have to run; Get a tin of Metal Polish, jest one penny does the trick, No stains or scratches you will ever trace, Tben you'll ding about your housework and be glad y are alive, And in everything you'll see a smiling face, Cash Chemists, Good Chemists, things at the lowest rate, Everything superior for a price thlt always suits, 50,000 housewives sing praise of one accord, And never deal with another firm but Board, BOOTS, BOOTS. F. JOHNSON, 4, Victoria-rd., Penketh, near Warrington.

When the Springtime surreptitiously steals on us unawares With a sudden light of pale and sickly sun, Then the prudent British matron takes to polishing the stairs, And there's lots of other house-work to be done. So in order that the mansion may be thoroughly made bright, BoOTS VARNISH STAINS and other things are bought. And the hubby's consolation is in thoughts of speedy flight, For he doessqt understand things as he ought. Rub, ru6, scrub, scrub, ain't it awful work. So the hubby thinketh, though he really doesn't Al Int tdl et hb iet baebsotutth nt gwhhee ne ahne df aoni cs i et os gt oe r. r ogros, lguor k , know One Oh, the saving in the coal bills with the coming of the Spring, When the black bacteria wobble in their flight, And the income tax collectors and the birds begin to sing, And the dirty smoky ceilings turn to white. If you view it as you ought to it's a most congenial time, With UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH to the fore. In burnishing door handles and removing all the grime From the metals while the women scrub the floor. Rub, rub, scrub, v. rub, making things look like new FURNITURE CREAM and BRUNSWICK BLACK are ';l3 articles that pay, Buy all you want at Boots, you'll keep that well in view? And do your work when hubby's out of the way, way, way. When the work is nearly over there's a transformation scene, And you don't regret you've tackled it in time, As you realize the fact that now your house is nice and clean, To have left it dirty would have been a crime. Oh the glory of the carpets which now look as good as new, Oh! the brightness of the fenders and the chairs, surprising to the hubby as he takes a startled view, And the wife enjoys his wonder as he stares. What, what I what, what 1 done the whole lot in a day? (Heaven seems to open to the guilty man who scoots) Wonderful ! how did you do it? Tell me your secret Pray, "I did it all with things I bought from Boots, Boots, Boots." C. P. JONRS, Solicitor, 6, St. Andrews-street, Cambridge.

BOOTS VARNISH STAINS give a brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, etc. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 6d. size for „ 1/- „ Sd. „ 2/6 „ 1/5 per bot. WASH LEATHERS.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ . • • . _j• - _ , • • i

Oato up rmate zrrittp.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Large size and good quality, 6d.

r.JRMTURE CREAM gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and French-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. tivaranteed Hot to show finger marks. 6d. bottle tor 44. is. bottle for 7d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT

as used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decorators. Has the original qrightness of Gold, easy of applica- tion, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price— is. bottle for Rd- BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, THE LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST. 35, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, } WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19000817_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA. MIN El? ,

AUGUST 17TH 1900.

THE Chinese situation Chinese Development. developes slowly; that, perhaps, is quite in keep- ing with the character of the Eastern race with whom we have to deal. The national anxiety has been much relieved since it became known that the British AMBASSADOR and his colleagues had not met the fate of the German MINISTER, but were " safe, if not saved." The successes of the allies at Tientsin • have evidently had their influence with the Chinese Government. An edict has been issued authorising the AMBASSADORS to telegraph in cypher to their respective Govern- ments. Several such messages have been received during the past few days. The fact that these have been permitted, and the issue of the edict seem to prove that the Imperial authorities at Pekin were responsible for the previous stoppage of communications, and to stamp upon them complicity in the international crimes that have been perpetrated. It looks clearer than ever that, whoever the men may be now dominating the Chinese capital, they have simply been "bluffing," the Powers. Recent events have, however, brought them to a sense of the peril in which they stand by their defiance of the civilised world and disregard of the comity of nations. It is reported that another Imperial edict has been issued appointing Li HUNG CHANG negotiator, or mediator, to make peace with the Powers. That wily and not over-scrupulous diplomatist has held office of this kind before. It was he who negotiated peace with Japan after the war. But he will probably find the offended Western Powers more difficult subjects to pro- pitiate than the simple "Japs," and more particu- larly as he has himself been regarded as a just object of suspicion throughout the whole course of the recent grave events. Some of the cypher despatches that the Cninese have permitted to come through intimate that the authorities at Pekin have been pressing the Ambassadors to withdraw to Tientsin, and trying t 3 persuade them that this is the wish of their own Govern- ments. But the Ambassadors cannot trust them- selves to the tender mercies of the Chinese, and will wait at Pekin until relieved by the allied forces. The immediate object, therefore, is still to press forward to Pekin as quickly as possible. The question of a Commander-in-Chief of the Pekin expedition has been brought to a rather abrupt issue by the Emperor WILLIAM, who, with the concurrence of Russia, Austria and Italy, has taken the matter into his own hands, and appointed Field Marshal Count von WALDERSEE to that posi- tion. The assent of Great Britain, France and America will possibly be given, if only to avoid any appearance of discord among the Powers in what ought to be joint etion undertaken in the interests of common humanity. It will, however, be something like six weeks before Count WALDERSEE can reach Tientsin, and meantime, it may be hoped, the Legations will be relieved by the force now on the way to Pekin. There does not appear to be any objection to Count WALDERSEE personally,though there may be exception taken to the matter of his appointment. But this is a minor matter com- pared with the more important one of future policy. If Great Britain can only induce the Powers to follow the lines of settlement laid down by Mr. BRODRICK when questioned in Parliament —no partition of territory, but the establishment of a strong Chinese Government, guaranteeing protection to foreigners and the "open door " even a German Field Marshal as commander may be temporarily tolerated.

THE recent rise in the The Great Coal price of coal has been Question. troubling many people be- sides the British Paterfamilias and his good matron. At all the recant meetings of railway companies the directors assigned the high price of fuel as a main cause of the falling off in dividends. Nobody professes to have much sympathy for the railway shareholder, especially if he be also a director. He is looked upon—we hardly know why—as a par- ticularly objectionable form of the "bloated capitalist." But when it becomes apparent that the entire railway enterprise of this kingdom yields less than 31 per cent on the capital expended, those who have money to invest very reasonably ask whether, after all, it is worth while making more railways. The travelling public, who are still demanding further railway facilities, would undoubtedly suffer if this idea began to fructify in the minds of investors. The falling off of some- thing like half a million in the amount distributed by the railway companies in dividends for the past half year is not wholly due to the rise in the coal bill; but that is the largest item in the in- creased expenditure which has occasioned it. The high price of coal is also the main factor in the apparent increase in our exports which the Board of Trade returns have shewn for some months past. The question has arisen whether the increase of 30 to 50 per cent. in the price of certain qualities of coal during the past twelve months is warranted by any failure in the supply, or whether it is only a rig of the market by the coal masters. There is no doubt that we have been drawing very heavily on our national stores of fuel, and ominous rumours of the exhaustion of coal-fields are being heard again. This subject is to be discussed by the savants of the British Association when it meets at Bradford next month. There is a growing feel- ing in certain quarters that the Government should L

impose an export duty on coal, of prohibit the exportation of steam coal for the sake of our Navy, or should do something to prevent our coal cellar running bare too soon. But none of these measures would reduce the price —rather enhance it, and dear coal might become almost as great a hardship as dear bread. Some of the railway magnates, however, are of opinion that the coal proprietors are driving too hard bargain with them and the public just now ; and that by refraining from buying [at present, prices will soon come down again. So the Midland Rail- way Company is only placing contracts for als months, and a number of steel works in York- shire have had a week's stoppage, simply to avoid having to purchase fuel at present prices. It might be regarded as another sign of a change la the seasons if coal should come to its "lowest sum- mer prices "at Christmas time. There seems to be that expectation in some quarters. In London householders have been recommended to hold their orders back awhile. We place this advice on record without expressing an opinion of its value.

The agenda for the monthly meeting of the War" rington Town Council on Tuesday evening bore on thelace of it distinct evidence of the growing ler portanee of the Corporation as a municipal body. On one page alone there was a record of the pees' ing in the last session of Parliament of two Bills materially affecting the town. One relates to the passing of the Tramways Order which will enable Warrington to draw abreast of the most progre.s- sive of municipalities in the provision of electric tramways and the other confers upon the town the more dignified title of County Borough, which carries with it additional cowers likely to become more and more onerous in the near future. OP October Ist next, the Corporation is to celebrate. the dawn of this new era in its municipal life anal all well-wishers of the town will hope that itS career as a County Borough may be in every NOY worthy of that dignified position. With regard to the tramways order it is some satisfaction 0 know that the provisions of the Tramway Act re' quire the tramways to be commenced within twelve months and completed in two years. This should have the effect of spurring on the Corporation 0 enter upon their scheme at once. It is too uuleh to expect that within two years such a large scheme of tramways will be carried out within the time stated but if we are able to see one section 30 use by that time we shall have no reason to conr plain.

Tuesday's Council meeting was a business-like one and the whole proceedings did not last Wl'? than an hour. There was not even a passage °el- arms which might be termed a "scene." Some 0' the Councillors seemed to have been away holidar ing and it may be presumed that some of the absent ones were basking themselves in the all? at some seasid 3 resort. At any rate, the Counclz was in very good humour and this was perhaP.S, fortunate, for the heat was so oppressive that.' any more had been infused by irate Councillors the course of the discussions on ,the minutes) condition of affairs might have been serious for concerned. The Chairman of the Fire Engllie Committee certainly introduced a warm subjecO when he began to talk about four big fires in tll.° district, but as they had all occurred in the previ; ous month and as the Fire Brigade had displar: particular promptitude in putting them out, tia.6 Council kept as cool as possible and acquiesced 1? the commendations which were showered upon the long-sullering Fire Brigade.

One of the most important subjects under dis- cussion was connected with the formation of th.n he jjealtn, Manchester Port Sanitary Committee. T Committee reported that the Local Governno.lin Board had asked for observations upon a resnlut.ll7,„. or),. of the Manchester Port Sanitary authoritY lop out the formation of a port sanitary authority all the councils abutting on the port. The Cl° la I mittee had passed a resolution stating that LITO had no objection to the proposal provided thathte-ti basis of contribution was upon the tonnage bustds of sea-going vessels bound to and discharging Vthe within each district, or in proportion to number of persons found infected on such vt3s'h-le, Such a basis of contribution is far more desiraf'co and equitable than that which has been suggeso_ in Manchester. As the Mayor well pointed ouv, "tt take the rateable value as the basis, as had bf3Elis proposed, would be absurd becalse WarringOn not a sea-going port to any censiderable extent si,2 derives very little benefit from sea-going trawe' By fixing the basis of contribution on the tonn% received at the ports, the port which receives b greatest benefit will have to make the largest CO tribution towards the expenses of the port 8 11 tary authority which has an important function '4 perform in the detection and isolation of porsol3- infected with disease on incoming vessels. Alder; man Sutton had very little difficulty in shownhl that the imputation cast upon Warringt°ll, at the last meeting of the Manchester City Coll cil, that it was desirous ot shirking its respollsl . bility in the matter was groundless.

Councillor Smethurst is at the present moment greatly interested in the steam whistles used h9e, the various wolks in Warrington. Recently t'nf Corporation have decided to exercise some sort "te control over firms using this modern substitn for a bell as a means of calling their workmen ra gather. The time allowed for "whistling "is v'id seconds, but on Tuesday Councillor Smethurst 0,14 the Council that the stipulated time is groliZ exceeded and according to his reckoning shortest time taken is 21 or 23 seconds. Roc :06—w of "A Window in Thrums" will remember lied Davit Lunan was sternly rebuked for pretencit to see humour in the origin of cock-fighting. w was Davit, who after hearing a description of 110,, Miltiades with his Greek army of t thousand men watched a cock fight, remarked 00, it was a humorous thing to think of a whole looking on at two cocks fighting. There will P,r bably be some of a like opinion as Davit when tubet,li come to think of Councillor Smethurst with vaio in hand, say at 5.30 or 6 a.m., timing the dursti".o of steam whistles. It is to be hoped that thnleble charge of the whistles will not unduly prolong' unearthly noise " as one Councillor termed it,vmv they know that Councillor Smethurst is " diving

then. lace Correspondence which has lately taken 13—he between a Yorkshire Board of Guardians and t.r, Local Government Board well illustrates the hsibba splitting character of the judgments in which it central poor law authority sometimes feels it: to duty to indulge. The Keighley Guard.ta cherished a little plan for sending to the 5e351th.;50 few paupers who had assisted in the work/Orel administration, and it is impossible not to lejo some sympathy with the idea. These poor pe°l3o; argued the Guardians, have been in a certain our officers, and though they have received no Ptlisi's ment for the work they have done for us the4hey none the less entitled to their little holiday. I.*-jt pointed out in a general way the b,ell;rd that would accrue in health, and the P°4,l,is in their reply seized, official-like, on ,iist small point in exeressing the opinion _ivies! the payment would be irregular unless the in;et`i to officer of the workhouse certified that a 041 the the country or the seaside was "necessary" f°,,r4,100 health of the individual inmate. The Boar" -scat reminded the Guardians that they had nn P° to compensate paupers for service rendered in it workhouse, adding, with a touch which Wolof, private individual would have been called eYbilnisid that if the Guardians had not suffioiell7heir officers in their service it was quite within the competence to appoint more. On thigatter Guardians have determined to test the ni",tos more fully by sending four of the women inll3,aa to the seaside for a week, and in order to Tie the loss from the almost inevitable surchar,gr the or a dozen Guardians signed the cheque I°o Bee cost of the trip. It will be interesting. the whether by any further process of hair-splittinteso central authority will now be able to releaseAbeir gentlemen from the financial consequences kindly act.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19000817_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
The Labour Department of the Board of Trade reports some slight falling off in several of the more important industries, though noting that, on the whole,einployment at the end of the month remained fairly good, while wages continued to be at least slightly on the increase. Naturally, coal mining is mentioned as one of the industries in Which employment has remained good, and we cannot help adding an unofficial wish that this state of things may soon result in so obvious an excess of supply over demand as will take away the last excuse for the maintenance of famine prices. There is a falling off in the iron and steel manufacture, but this appears to be solely due to the temporary closing of works, either for the local holidays or on account of the extreme heat of the weather. A less favourable report is given of the tinplate trade, a considerable number of mills having stopped work. A decline in employment in the boot and shoe trade may be due to the fine weather, and a Speedy recovery after the holidays is to be looked for. The falling oft in the cotton trade is, how- ever, a more serious matter. Employment shews a great drop from the figures registered last year, and here, unfortunately, deeper and more per- manent cases of depression are to be traced. The Indian famine cannot but have great effect on the export trade, and to this as a disturbing influence the imbroglio in China may have to be added. On the whole the reports, however, give a favourable impression. There is, at all events, no definite indication of the setting in of that downward current which pessimistic prophets have for some weeks been foretelling.

What has now become known as the Thelwall nuisance is still very much to the fore. The Run- corn Rural District Councillors were engaged for some considerable time at Dutton on Tuesday in once more considering this vexed question. Long letters were read from both parties affected and anyone who cares to peruse the letters will find them interestingreading.Mr R A Naylor,who raised the complaint in the first instance, returns to the attack. He considers the nuisance serious enough " to bring disease, death, and desolation" in its train, and attributes it to the "vile matter" sent down the brook from the tanyard of Messrs. William Long and Sons. On the other hand the firm "unhesitatingly deny" that the tanyard effluent has ever been injurious to health and submit copies of analyses which they contend bear out their contention that the nuisance complained of is due to the in- sanitary arrangements existing on Mr. Naylor's property. Between the two parties it is difficult to decide, but it seems to us a case of the pot calling the kettle black, and the best way to re- move any complaints in the future is for both parties to take steps to prevent any further pollu- tion of the brook.

It is to be regretted that the inclement weather of last Thursday militated against the success of the annual show promoted by the Warrington and District Agricultural Society. The show itself Was the best which has been held in the district, and all that was wanted to complete the success of the event was a large gathering of spectators from the town and environs. This, however, was lack- ing and the small attendance may be attributed to the rain which fell intermittently throughout the afternoon. The turf squelched water at every step and it was difficult for those who showed their courage and endurance by braving the ele- ments to inspect the show with any degree of comfort or even comply with the popular request to "Listen to the Band.' As an exhibition of things agricultural the show was full of interest and almost every class showed a decided improvement Upon last year's exhibits. There are many evidences that the society is exerting a great influence in improving the breed of horses and cattle in the district. The show has already gained a high reputation and with such excellent officials as the society possesses, there is every reason to hope that the Warrington show will in future years be regarded as one of:the leading shows in the North of England.

The action of the London and North-Western "Railway Company is peculiar at times. The most recent example of this is afforded by the company's treatment of local anglers. For many years all anglers possessing the Provincial Angling Associa- tion's travelling card have been favoured with re- duced fares when proceeding on fishing expeditions. The privilege is enjoyed by anglers over all the rail- way systems of the country ,but for some reason or other, the London and North-Western Railway Company has withdrayvn —this —concession from -Warrington Anglers within the last few weeks, and as far as can be learned, -Warrington is the only centre which has been picked out for this arbitrary treatment. No explanation has been offered for the change and the Warrington Anglers are at a loss to know the cause. Surely it cannot be that the company's action is in the form of a reprisal against Warrington in consequence of the action of the Corporation with reference to the tramway order! We hope not, for the credit of the railway company.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

So long as the short service system is part and parcel of the constitution of the British Army, it is reasonable to expect that employers of labour throughout the country will view with favour the appeal made by the Secretary for War to give em- ployment to Reservists. There is no desire to see the Army in England as it exists in France, but there is a growing wish that it shall be made more popular, and that the men shall receive proper en- couragement. Of course, no greater encouragement can be given than by employers showing a readiness to engage discharged soldiers and men of the Army Reserve. This readiness has not always been dis- played but recently a change has taken place in public feeling, of which there was evidence in abundance at the outbreak of the war with the Boers. Employers in all parts of the provinces undertook to keep open the situations of the reser- vists from the moment they were called to fight our battles in South Africa. Since then the occupa- tion of the s9ldier has continued to rise in the esti- mation of the public. But, as the Secretary for War reminds us,the discharged reservists cannot be put in the way of obtaining civil employment by the military authorities, and he must rely upon employment registries and the local organizations -which have been formed for the purpose of pro- moting the interests of the ex-soldiers. Appeals through the newspapers and the holding of public meetings are among the suggestions put forward ior the purpose of meeting the case of Reservists returning from the front.

On the principle of going " from " home to hear the news, one has to go to the "Man of Mark Lane" for the information that quite a scare has been caused in the Fylde district in consequence of rumours among the peasantry on the seaboard of Ireland that the French were about to land troops in Erin's isle. The appearance of British warships off the coast during the naval manceuvrs, says the writer, was accepted as proof of the rumour' and letters were received by several of the Irish har- vesters in the Flyde district of Lancashire,advising them to return home. These were passed from hand to hand, and a state of panic arose. During the course of a single night more than 200 Irishmen left one district alone, and it has been ascertained that the majority booked for Dublin. It is esti- mated that more than a thousand labourers thus disappeared without warning. Of course,somebody had a good laugh, but if half what the "Man of Aark Lane" flays were true, it would be no laugh- ing matter for the men, any more than for their employers. -

There could be no valid objection to the Railway Companies exacting their full due, or "pound o-f flesh," in regard to excess luggage, if they were to provide a properly organised staff for adequately coping with the extra work which must necessarily arise. But, if a correspondent in the " limes" is correct, this has not beeu done; nor do the Com- panies appear to have any intention of doing it. It Is understood that charges for excess of luggage are to be made whenever the present staff of officials can 'and time to attend to the work of weighing. it fol- lows that if the matter is left to chance in this way Charges will be made at some stations and not at -ethers, and one passenger will be charged, while

another equally liable will go scot free. Indeed, according to one correspondent's statement he was charged two shillings on his way to the seaside, while on the return journey no charge was made. The public do not care to be treated in this hap- hazard way, and are right in complaining as they do. So that the companies should really make up their minds to either make the charges and provide an adequate staff and machinery for doing the work, or drop the charges forthwith. But the probable secret of the matter is that the revenue derived from charges on excess luggage would not be sufficient to make it profitable for the companies to provide an adequate organisation; while by trusting to the charges being le vicid by the existing staffs, wherever opportunity offers, they see the chances of an augmented revenue without any corresponding expense.

As the time approaches for the holding of the Brewster Sessions, there are indications of the adoption of a new policy at the Court to be held in Liverpool for the renewal of licenses. Owing to the demolition of insanitary properties and other causes the authorities believe that in various dis- tricts of the city there is a great excess of licensed houses, and an intimation has been issued to the trade that so far as the areas in question are concerned, the magistrates will, in deal- ing with the renewal of licenses, take into consideration solely the wants ot the neigh- bourhood. The application of this principle will no doubt result in a reduction of the number of public houses,and P.,. is expected that thequestion will be strenuously debated by " the trade," who have been invited by the magistrates to voluntarily surrender licenses. The matter is of interest to other towns and citiss as well as Liverpool; and in Birmingham the ccturse mentioned has been readily adopted by the brewers for some years in succes- sion. The difficulty, of course, is with the private owner, who, while giving nothing himself, benefits by the licenses surrendered by others.

The bathing season has produced a number of accidents,of course; it always does. But there has hiTherto been an absence of the newspaper head- line, the" Drowning Season," owing let us trust,to the fatalities being fewer or of a less sensational character than in some seasons. As it is, however, many lives have been lost. It goes without saying that many lives would be spared every year if only ordinary care were taken. For instance, some per- sons are in the habit when at the seaside of going off alone to bathe in some secluded place away from the ordinary bathing locality; while others who can swim a little, but not sufficiently to battle with strong currents, go out into waters of which they know little or nothing. A representative of each of these two classes has this week paid with his life for his folly in South Devon. One was overtaken by cramp; while the other was carried out by a strong current.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
116BEIlmemi

===== 0002601_19000817_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSH AM.

THE ODDFELLOWV CLUB.-011 Sunday morning the members of the Frodshim Court Independent Order of Oddfellows attended Divine service at the Parish Church. There was a good muster. The Widnes Subscription Band was in attendance, and healed the procession during the march t ) and from the church. On its return the band played a number of selections. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.-91 the monthly meeting of the Parish Council, acting as Parochial Committee, held in the Court Room, on Friday evening, there were present—Messrs T Earlam (presiding), J M Williams, W E Shore,G Rodgers,P Booth,J W Rothwell,S Davies, G Gleave, W Youd, Ashton (clerk), Farrington (inspector), and Rodgers(water engineer).The Clerk read a letter from the Cheshire County Council intimating that the Council could not see their way to adopt the suggestion made by the Parochial Committee with regard to vehicles with two or more horses carrying an extra light. The Clerk reported that he had written to the Manchester Ship Canal Company complaining of the holding up of the water in the river Weaver, and a letter had been received from Mr. W. H Hunter asking for information. The report of the Water Committee was produced, from which it was shown that the Railway Company had applied for a supply of water for the stationmaster's I' house, and on the recommendation of the Water Com- mittee it was decided to charge the rate of Li per annum. The Inspector of Nuisances reported that his attention had been called to the emission of black smoke from the Jam Work 3 chimney, and it was r Fiolved that the Inspector write to Messrs Kydd and Kydd, Limited, calling their attention to the discharge of smoke, and making a suggestion which would, if followed out, abate to some extent the smoke nuisance.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLDEN WEDDING CELE- BRATION AT WARRINGTON.

On Tuesday evening, Mr. and Mrs. George Savage of Wellfield-street, Warrington, celebrated the anniversary of their 50th wedding day. The guests which included the Mayor (Alderman H. Roberts) and Mayoress, Councillor and Mrs Shaw Green, Mr and Mrs Hayward, Mr and Mrs R G Henshall, Mr and Mrs SG- Davey, Captain and Mrs W A Savage, Mr and Mrs Rees, Mr and Mrs McGookin, with many friends from a distance to the number of over 50 were received by Mr and Mrs Savage at the Winmarlegh Cafe, Sankey-street. Some charming presents had been presented to the venerable couple, and were displayed on the table in the upper room. A most excellent repast had been provided by the Directors of the Café Company at the conclusion of which the Mayor, in suitable terms, proposed the health of their host and hostess. In the course of a very chaste address he referred to the long time Mr. and Mrs- Savage had been associa- ted with Warrington, to his useful life in social work, to the foundation and conduct of the business of the Zillah Shipping and Carrying Company, Limi- ted, to his geniality and uprightness in all of which as the speaker said he had been helped and aided by his good wife, and he trusted that there might still be many years before them, but that when the time came as it must for them to part, their lives were such as to justify the assurance that it would be merely to enter upon a happier and more enduring state.

A most touching letter from Mr. Brouah referring to his personal acquaintance and knowledge of the host and hostess was then read in which he wished them continued happiness and prosperity. Mr Savage in responding said the kind remarks of the Mayor had almost deprived him of the power of speech. He came to Warrington 60 years ago a poor boy. He had been greatly blessed and pros- pered. He met his wife here and she had been a true helpmate. When he looked back upon his life he felt like the Queen of Sheba after seeing the greatness and glory of the court of King Solomon when she said" there was no more spirit left in her." When he remembered coming a poor boy and that now he was entertaining as his guests the Mayor and Mayoress, a Town Councillor, Justices of the Peace, bank managers &c.,he was overwhelmed with gratitude, and he desired on behalf of his wife and self to express to one and all their great thanks for their kindness in coming to greet them on this the anniversary of their fiftieth wedding day. At the conclusion of the speeches a very pleasant and enjoyable evening was spent.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

DEPARTURE OF AN OLD RESIDENT.—Miss Sansomsafter a neriod of over 23 years' residence has recently severed her connection with Padgate. Miss Sansom, who was held in high regard, was formerly headmistress at the Church schools, and since relinquishing these duties has conducted a private school in the village, which, owing to ill-health, sbe bas had to give up and remove to recruit her health to Ansdel, near Lytham. THE INSTITUTE. —The members spent a social evening on Friday evening, the occasion being the presentation of prizes won in the recent billiard handicap. Ahout 80 members and their wives sat down to tea, alter which an exhibition game was played between Messrs F Drink- water and J Taylor. A concert followed, items losing contributed by Messrs F Blackwell, J Ryder, Drink water. A Brindle and E Young. Seaga were also given by the Rev F E Evans (curate-in-charge of the parish) and Mrs Evans. During an interval in the programme the prizes were distributed by the Rev F E Evans, as follows :- Ist prize (an oil painting, presented by Mr W H Drink- water), Mr Joseph Davies; 21d. prize (shaving outfit), Mr James Roberts ; 3rd priz, (pipe in case, presented by Mr Joseph Roberts), Mr William Bowering ; 4th prize (amber cigarette holder in silver case), Mr Thomas Smith. A very enjoyable evening was spent, one of the leading features being contributed byMr Joseph Roberts on the gramaphone.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

NOR'THERN UNION, LANCASHIRE SECTION.

At a meeting of this section of the Northern Union, held in Manchester, several changes were announced on the General Committee of the county union. It was announced that Mr. J H Smith, of Widnes, would only retain his seat on the General Committee. Mr. E McNorton, the club secretary, was appointed to succeed him as the Lancashire representative. Mr. C Rawle, of Leigh, also resigned, and his place will be filled by Mr T Reddish, Messrs. It Shaw ( ryldesley), F Herbert (Lan- caster), and r B Lamb (Morecambe), have all resigned, and are succeeded by Messrs P Marsh, T Wilkins)n, and T Baxter.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THEATRE ROYAL RUNCORN.

The Runcorn magistrates on Monday held a special sessions for the purpose of hearing an application for a license to perform stage plays at the Theatre Royal. The magistrates on the Bench were Sir Richard M. Brooke Bart., Alessrs. G L Davies W Handley, F G Norman and S Taylor. Mr. W. Caddick, the lessee, made the application and stated he had been lessee of the theatre Uar eleven years. Sergeant Pearson had no objections to raise and the license was granted. A VIOLENT CUSTOMER.

At Widnes, on Thursday morning, Bartholomew Bowles was fined forty snillings and costs for being disorderly and refusing to quit the Stanley Arms, Widnes. The defendant is a notorious character, and owing to his conduct Mr Whittaker had given instructions that he must not be served in the house. On the 4th inst, he went there and caused a disturbance, and threw a big stone, which struck Mrs Whittaker,knocking some of her teeth Out. NELSON-STREET WESLEYAN SCHOOL.

The annual sermons in aid of the funds of this school, which performs an admirable work in the district where it is located were preached on Sun- day by the Rev Joseph Rosnett, of Leicester. The services were held in Camden Chapel and were well attended. Excellent singing by the choir and scholars was a pleasing feature. The collections realised £22 12s 01—a record for the school anni- versary. PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN.

The members of Mr.T Simister,' select class at the Brunswick Sunday school. on Friday last presented to Mr John I Simkin (one of their number, who was leaving for South Africa for the benefit of his health), with a very valuable gold mounted umbrella suitably engraved. —Mr Simkin returned his sincere thanks to the members of the class and promised Co treasure their present in remembrance of their spontaneous generosity.—The presentation was made by Messrs W F Jones bind Williamson.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
OVERTON HILLS DELIGHTFI7L.

Conside-r-able—p-leasure is always afforded to the visitor at Mersey View, Overton, provided the com- pany is good and the day fine. On Wednesday and Thursday afternoons the Brunswick Sunday schools, and the Parish Church Sunday Schools. respectively, had their annual outings there. The elements on their several visits proved ideal, and enjoyment was provided all round. Mrs. Parker loose in her usually capable manner provided ex- cellent catering. A THOUGHTFUL ACTION BY A WIDNES BAND.

On returning from Frodsham on Sunday, where they had been attending an Odcittellowi' Church Parade, the Widnes Subscription Prize Band called at the house of James Harrison, Wivern-place, Run- corn, and played a number of nymns. Harrison is a confirmed invalid, and the band on several occa- sions has been instrumental in raising sums of money for the benefit of himself and his aged mother. Their kind and thoughtful action on Sun- day was much appreciated. RUNCORN CYCLE CARNIVAL. _ _

The Mystic Letters which have been placarded about for the last week or so, rendered into English ask the question" Who will help the Cottage Elos- pita! Fund ?" We venture to reply everyone, for truly there is no more deserving object. With their usual generosity the Runcorn Cycle Club officials and their friends have again instituted the Cycle Carnival,and on Wednesday next. we are prom- ised an interesting and delightful spectacle as well as an opportunity to contribute our mite. CHURCH LADS' BRIGADE. On Saturday afternoon about ten members of the Runcorn Company of the Church Lads Brigade re- turned from South Shore, Blackpool, where they have spent a week in camp, in company with a large number of other brigades forming the North- Western Division. They should have left Runcorn for camp on the preceding Saturday, but owing to the camping ground being flooded they had to go from Widnes early on Monday morning. The weather was rather wet in the early part of the week, but the lads made the most of the few fine days which favoured the proceedings. They were accompanied by the Rev. 11. B Firth and Mr. John Littler.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPENRATION CASE AT WIDNES.

A case came before his Honour Judge Goldthorpe on Saturday at the County Court, in which Charles Byrne, Caroline-street, sued the United Alkali Company, Limited, under the Workmen's Compen- sation Aet, for half wages owing to incapacitation from work. Mr. Knowles appeared for the plaintiff and explained that terms of settlement had been arrived at. The plaintiff was to receive £lO in liquidation of past and future payments. The costs were agreed at .E 7 14s 61. The facts of the case were briefly these :—On June Bth the plaintiff was loading cask 3of bleaching powder into a waggon by means of a crane. His fellow workman released his hold of his handle and the plaintiff's handle was twisted out of his hand, and he received a blow on the head which inflicted a wound. This prevented him from following his employment.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
COOK-E AND THE ARAB.

Henry Cooke, a well-known Runcorn character, has appeared in many characters, and in all sorts of company before the Runcorn Bench, and in the majority of instances his appearance before his superiors has been but the prelude to a longer or shorter period of banishment to the house of cor- rection at linutsford. On Tuesday morning last he bawed before the Bench in company with Mrichand Ben Saadi, an Arab, to answer to a charge of drunkenness in Bridge-street. Cooke was also charged with begging.—No doubt "Knobby" who possesses a ready tongue would have prevailed upon the Bench that there was a mistake some- where, but the evidence of P.C.'s Wilson and Gregory was too much for him, and he got 14 days hard labour for each offence. —The Arab, however, was man enough to admit he had "too much wine," and got off with the payment of 53 fine. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCR.

On Saturday afternoon the juvenile members of the Runcorn Sons of Temperance, entrained at Runcorn Station,at about 2 30,0 n their annual trip to Overton. The weather was all that could be desired and consequently a good number made the journey. The hills were soon thronged with pleasure seekers enjoying themselves in various ways. The different amusements on the summit were all well patronized and the beautiful scenery round the hills also proved a source of attraction. During the evening a number of excellent races were witnessed, the successful competitors being presented with useful prizes. The return journey was made about 8.30 p.m., after a very successful trip The following officers. and friends were in charge of the children; --Niessrs. T R Whyte, patron; and Edward Key. jun., secretary; and Messrs J Johnson, T J Holt, E Bey, sen., T Clarke, T Dutton, and I) Bisbrown. The juvenile section is now in a very flourishing condition, numbering 123 members. _

===== 0002601_19000817_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSAULTED WITH A BAR OF IRON.

John Wickstead, firewood seller, Granville•street, appeared in Runcorn Police Court on Thursday morning with his head swathed in bandages, and preferred a charge of unlawful wounding against Lizzie Whelan, a woman with whom he cohabited. The charge, however, was reduced to a common assault and the ,circumstances, as narrated by wit- nesses to Messrs W Handley and S Taylor were as follow :—On Tuesday afternoon the prisoner was absent from home. In the evening at half- past seven she returned. She was under the influence, of drink and Wickstead, with more vigour than politeness inquired "Where have you been to, you drunken fool." Lizzie stayed not to bandy the words which break no bone., but seizing a bar of iron, aimed for Wickstead's bend, and struck him on the face near the left eye adding the definite assertion. " You will not call me a drunken fool again." Wickstead bled " like a pig" and remorse seized Lizzie's heart, and she humbly begged forgiveness, but Wickstead lacked that divine attribute, and P.C. Bratt was sent for and eventually that assiduous officer locked the woman up after rendering first aid. Wickstead was taken to Dr McDougall's surgery where Dr Bethune put three stitches in the lacerated wound which was an inch long and half an inch deep. Lizzie had a plausible explanation for the magistrates. There was, she said, a projecting nail in the door and she had twisted the bar over her shoulder in order to drive it into the wood when unfortunately Wickstead's face came in contact with the sharp end. It was quite an accident, for which she was very sorry. The magistrates.believed there was intent to strike Wickstead and not the nail, and for six weeks Lizzie will have the opportunity of ruminat- ing upon the perverseness of that iron bar, in the brief respite she may have from the bard labour of Knutsford prison.

Cans RY'S COCOA has a world-wide reputation as a deli cious, strengtkening beverage, slid a valuable nutritive food The "Lancet" says it represents " the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having Canstrav's--sold only ir Packets and Tins—asther Cocoas are often substituted to the sake of extra profit. —ads. (2

===== 0002601_19000817_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THELWALL NUISANCE.

More Correspondence.

At the meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council on Tuesday, Mr. Knowles presiding, further correspondence was read with reference to the above mentioned subject. Mr. R A Naylor, wrote as follows from the Angel and Royal Hotel,Doncaster,under date August Iltb. —"To G F Ashton, Esq., Runcorn, Dear Sir: The Tannery Nuisagce,Thelwall.—ln consequence of the unexpected turh of events I beg to draw the atten- tion of your Council to the following facts. (1) that your Council has not taken any steps to ascer- tain the real cause of thelgreat nuisance of which we have complained, the consequences of which have been of such an alarming character. (2) That the supposed iuspaction of the tanneries by your Committee was quite useless, in view of the fact that as soon as the gentlemen forming the Com- mittee were beyond the smeling distance, this horrible nuisance was very much in evidence. (3) , Your Medical Officer describes the effluent from the Tannery Brook "a very bad one," and as this was taken under very favourable conditions I beg to say that ypu might have obtained another sample at least ten times the strength of the one your Inspector submitted. (4) Your Inspector positively declined when taking the above sample to secure one from the two pipes com- plained of, stating that the discharge being almost pure water, this would be useless? Vbat about the house of some members of your Council and 200 or 300 more within your area it these drains can be rightly called a nuisance. (5) The second sample of the Tannery effluent was taken after being mixed with the discharge from the two pipes before men- tioned, and in your Medical Officer's opinion this diluted effluent was "the better of the two." This seems to prove that the supposed sewage from these two pipes improve the vile matter sent down the brook from the Tanyard. (6.) That this abominable smell from the Tanneries and the stench from the brook still continues, to the injury of Her Majesty's subjects, and is quite sufficient to bring disease, death and desolation as it has done in the past. All that I have before stated I shall be glad to prove, and can furnish your Council —if desired— with scientific evidence of the Most startling character." Messrs. W. Long and Son wrote to the Chairman of the Council under date August 13th, 1900 .—" Dear Sir, We have received through your inspector conies of two anal7ses by Mr Carter 4ell of our tanyard effi uant— )ne t ik an in Waste-lane and the other after its junction with the two sewer p.pes from the Thelwall side. So far as our effluent is concerned we are now engaged in experi- ments to see what can b 3 done to extract more of the solid matter, and you may rely on our doing everything in reason to render it as little offensive as can be. That it has ever been injurious to health we unhesitatingly deny and after the cruel charges that have been made through letters to your board and the public press we desire to call your attention to the enclosed analyses which were taken by Dr. Richmond of Warrington, at our request prior to your visit here on the 11th of July and suomitted by him to a competent analyst, prior also to any tampering with the drainage on the Thelwa'l side of the culvert, and when flowing in its normal condition. We submit his is sliewn to be Sufficient to account for the sickness and deaths of which we have hs•ari so much in the past, especially when, as we are told was the case, rain water down spouts were directly connected un-trapped with a ciwed sewer drain where gas must have been generated. We now leave the matter confidently in your hand to see that all who have offended against the laws of sanitation are shewn a better way."—The letter was accompanied by copies of the analyses referred to. In answer to Mr. Linaker, Mr. Farrington (the inspector), stated that he had served notices upon Messrs. Long and Naylor. No other notices had ben served by him as he was not aware other owners con- tributed to the nuisance complained of. He had received no replies. Mr. Linaker further asked whether Mr Farrington had inspected the premises of Mr Naylor; whether there was any nuisance arising from Mr. Naylor's property ; and what condition his drainage arrangements were in ? The Inspector stated that he thought the drainage arrangements were rather batter than others, but he had been unable to take a sample of the sewage,etc because at the time there was nothing flowing through the pipe. There was not sufficient flowing to go through a pencil holder. That was his reason for not taking the sample, and he had not refused as stated by Mr Naylor. Whether the flow had been stopped intentionally or not he could not say, but he had been told by Mr. Naylor's man that if he stopped for an hour it would come. Be could not, and did not wait Dr. Adams pointed out that there were numerous dis- crepencies in the various statements regarding the smal or no smell,and he suggested, if that was to be a reason for deferring the subject fortnight after fortnight that something should be done to set a continuous watch for twenty-four hours, a week, or even longer, and thus gave whether the matter did arise from the Tannery. Admiral Parry did not see what more was wanted. Dr. Adams had told them that it was detremental to the public health. Be had passed the place at ten o'clock at nicht and the smell had been enough to kill an ox. (L-ughter.) The Inspector further stated there was a certain time n which the parties were allowed to do what they would. He would attend to the matter and report in due course. Ihe Chairman That is all we can do. We had better go on with the next business. At a later stage of tbe proceedings Dr Adams said he had been trying to make comparisons between the analyses submitted by Messrs Long. and that of the County Analyst, but owing to the difference in terms he was unable to do so effectively, for he could not tel whether the same standards had been employed. There was, however, a great disparity between the two. Admiral Jones Parry added that he felt sure upon the point bnause he felt that their Inspector and Medical Officer were at fault. It commenced about six months ago, and unless it was very carefully handled it would incur a very great expenditure all round. Be (the Admiral) was of opinion that if the place was piped over with a good pipe drain with a valve to prevent the water returng at the end, they would bear no more about it. 'roe whole question had arisen because the Medical Officer in the first instance had refused to say it was injurious to health. He did not believe that the cases of diphtheria were due to it, but now they had something to go upon, they were told that Mr. Long's effluent was injurious to health. Be was not there to defend Mr. Naylor in any way, but. (turning to Mr Farrington) Mr Naylor had told Mr Farrington he was at liberty to do as he liked. Mr. Farrington passed no remark. Admiral Parry: Do you not hear my remarks Mr. Farrington. lam speaking on a subject of sanitation that should be interesting to you? Mr. Farrington: Certainly I hear all you say. Admiral Parry • Lid you say there was any nuisance; and did Mr. Naylor say you were at liberty to do any- thing you liked? Did he or did he not. Mr. Farrington: yes. - -

Mr. Linaker did not agree with Admiral Parry for it was his opinion that a nuisance could not be cured by piping in a ditch. It would have to be purified. Dr. Adams concurred and said if the pipe was laid there it would very soon be blocked and running all across the road. The sewage bad been condemned as unfit to go into any open stream. To d‘al with the mat- tPr thoroughly they would have to go to the purification of effluents: or the bed-rock of the Rivers Pollution Scheme.

Admiral Parry adied there was actually no sewage from Mr, Naylor's Cottagesor his house. The Chairman : Oh ! but we have seen it. Mr. S. Woodward said it was not sufficient for Mr. Naylor or Mr. Long to say to the Inspector you can do what you like. (Hear, hear.) It was for Mr. Long and Mr. Naylor Cu purify their effluents. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman Just so. We had better proceed with the next business. The matter then dropped.

Prize Distribution at Daresbury.

The scholars attending the Dardsbury Board Schools were on Monday premented with money prizes, &c., from the school endowment fund for regular and punctual attendance during the last six months The following governors were present— Rev II T Clark, and Messrs J Cooper and J Ockles- ton, of Runcorn. Prizes were, as usual, also given for marks received for different subjects during the school session, in addition to prizes for regularity of attendance. The following children have never missed a single attendance during the last six montbs,and in addition to the highest money prize, received a useful present or medal :—Nellie War- burton, John Taylor, John Jameson, Florence Buckley, William Jameson,Arthur Moulsdale, Emily Broome, Thomas Lee, John Boaler, Wilfrid Littler Ethel Prince, Maggie Littler, James Houghton, Frank Ryder, Garfield Furnival, William Jolley, Annie Ttylor, Alfred Warburton, Ethel Ryder, Cyril Furnival, James Ryder,Percy Wright,Arthur Ryder, Frank Lightfoot, Walter Prince, Florence Furnival, Elizabeth Littler, Herbert Leach, Ellen Endersby, and Hilda Endersby. After the distribution the children dispersed for the customary half-holiday.

Killed at White Cross Colliery. George Twist, of Peasley Cross, St. Helens, died in the St. Helens Hospital on Wednesday as the re- sult of being injured by a fall of roof at the White Cross Colliery, St. Helens, belonging to the White Cross Colliery Company, a few hours previously.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual Fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday, when thre were present .--Messrs J Moseley-Williams (chairman), J Meadowcroft, A R Thrman, T Lea, T Reynolds, with the Rural District C G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assistant clerk), and James Cunnah (master.) THE SOLDIER'S:REV:UM-THE BOY'S CARETAKER.

Mr. S. McLean, Eloys' caretaker, wrote resigning his office for the reasons that Mr. Roberts, the late boys caretaker, had returned from South Africa, and be had teen successful in obtaining another appointment. Thi reaignation wai ac :epted, and the Chairman re- marked that Mr. Roberts was now an inmate of Netley Hospital. but was exoecting his discharge daily.

THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S SALARY.

The Medical Orßeer of the House, Dr. Thomas J. Selby, The Rick, Frodsham, wrote under date, June 15th, 1500, making application for increase of salary alai some re-arrangemmt of present contract, whereby the Guardians should supply the drugs etc. His grounds for so doing were increased duties, number of visits, distance and time ta,ken in journeying to and from the Workhouse, and having to supply drugs and surgical dressings. After some discussion, in which it transpired that Mr. J. Moseley Williams proposed that the salary be raised from £9O to £l3O ; and, in which it was sug- gested the House Committee should take into considera- tion the question of the whole of the medical officer's salaries with a view to effecting a saving,it was decided tbat the doctor's application should be further considered by the House Committee.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VISITING COMMITTEES.

I;Mr. Woodward proposed that the following gentle- men constitute the committees to visit St. Clare's Orpianage, Pantasaph, Holywell ; the Buckley Hail Orphanage, Rochdale, and the patients in the County Asylum. Chester, who were chargeable to the Union : Messrs A R Norman, G Pillington and Wallington (to visit Panta.aohland Rochdale) ; and Messrs J Antwiss, J Edwards, A R Norman (to visit Cbester Asylum).

===== 0002601_19000817_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S TREAT.

The Master stated that it was propon.4 to take the children to Southport on Moray, the 20th inst., for a day's holiday, and he would be glad to make arranze- meats for any guardian who wished to accompany the pArty.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT PRESTON BROOK

A letter was read from Alfred Wright, who was recently before the Runcorn magistrates on a charge of attempting to commit suicide,thanking the matroo, the doctor, and the nurses for their kuld treatment of him during his conflaeaunt at the Work louse.

Mr.-Williams (die chairman) said he lived the press would notice the letter. The public generally were very ready to deprecate the treatment meted out in work- hous?s, and he thought the publication 'of this letter would d 3 something to wards removing any ials3 im- prssion which might exit.

IN LIEU OF OLD AGE PENSIONS. FOOD FOR REFLECTION.

A lengthy communication was read from the Local Government Board, dealing with the question of the provision of Cottage Homes and the better treatment of the deserving poor generally, in accordance with the recommendations of the Select Committee last year. Reference was made to the question asked recently in the House of Commons as to whether the Government would be prepared to introduce and carry through a bill on the lines suggested by the Select Com- mittee in the event of an assurance being given that the measure should be regarded as non- controversial. In his reply, it was pointed out that the President of the Local Government Board ex- pressed his desire to deal with the question, but found himself unable to do so. However, the Local Govern- ment Board had in contemplation a series of new regula- tions with a view to securing better accommodation and treatment for the aged and deserving poor. Were a bill to be introduced, it would require the aid of tbe Chancellor of the Exchequer, and having reg trd to the enermeus expenditure to be met at present, he had come reluctantly to the conclusion that this wes not the proper time to make further demands. The letter went on to mention some of the recommendations of the Select Committee, among them the removal of imbeciles from the workhouse, and also the removal of children. The latter was a question upon which public opinion was undoubtedly upon the side of the Select Committee, and Boards of Guardians should allow no opportu- niry to pass for carrying that suggestion into effect. Cottage homes ought; to provide opportunities for re- moving children from workhouse surroundings. With regard to the aged and deserving poor, it was felt that they should receive different treatment from those whose previous habits and characters had not been satisfactory. They should not be urged to enter the workhouse unless there was some cause which rendered sach a course necessary, such as infirmity of mind or body. Oat-door relief in such CaS93 should be adequate, and the Board are afraid that in such cases out relief is often inadequate in amount. The regulations in con- templation are as follow :- 1. That the Guardians should form a special class of inmates of 65 years of age and upwards with re- gard to whom the Guardians, after due inquiries' have satisfied themselves that by reason cot their moral character or behaviour or previous habits they are sufficiently deserving to be members of the class. 2. That for such inmates extra day roeine should be provided, which might, if thought desirable, be available for members of both sexes, in which they would have the opportunity of separation from disreputable inmates, and in which their meals, other than dinner might be served at hours fixed by the Guardians. 3. That sleeping accommodation in separate cubicles should be provided for them. 4. That privileges should be given them as regards the hours of going to bed and rising. 5. That considerably increased liberty should be granted to them, and greater facilities for being visited by their friends. 6. That for each inmate of this class a locker should be provided; the key would be retained by the inmate, but it would be required that the contents of the locker should be open to proper inspection; and 7. That as regards the inmates of this class the pro- visions in the orders relating to the supply of tobacco, dry tea, and sugar should be made compulsory. Boards of Guardians, the circular went on to state,are at present empowered to deal with most of these matters, and in some cases they have already done so. The difficulty with which many Boards of Guardians will have to contend in connection with the extra classifica- tion contemplated is the want of room, but it is hoped that where there is room the Gatardians will not hesitate to take steps to bring about improvements of the kind indicated in the arrangements for the aged and deserving poor. In some instances, as has been pointed out, the room required could be provided by the removal of the children from the workhouse, and the Board trust that no opportunity will be lost of adopting this course where it is practicable,and that the Guardians in all cases will give the whole subject their serious consideration with a view to improving the lot of the aged and deserving poor..

Owing to its importance the clmmunication was re- ferred for discussion at an early hour at the next meet- ing of the Board.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. -

The fortnightly meeting of the Council was held at the Workhouse, Dutton. on Tue,day afternoon. There were Present Mr J Knowles (chairman), Admiral Jones-Parry, Messrs S Woodward, T Wright, A H TalbJt, J Moseley- E Linaker. James Taylor,T Lewis,G Pilling, W Fietcher,J Elwards,T Antwiss,E Clarke,W Bradford, H Mawcisley, E Bretherton, George F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (assistant clerk), James Farrington (inspector), and Dr Adams (medical officer).

===== 0002601_19000817_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING OF HACKNEY CARRIAGES AND DRIVERS•

Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the County Coun- cil, wrote as follows under date 2nd August, 1900 : Dear sir: The Chief Constable of this County has re- cently suggested to one of the committees of this Council the advisability of regulations being made dealing with the licensing of hackney carriages and the drivers thereof in the Rural Districts of the county. The pro- visions of the Towns Police Clauses Act 1847 and 1889 with respect to hackney carriages by being incorporated in the Public Health Act 1875 (sec. 171) are in operation within urban districts and consequently the Councils of those districts are in a position to frame bye-laws and regulations for the licensing of hackney carriages and the drivers thereof. The Local Government Board have by section 278 of the Public Health Act, 1875 and section 25 (3) of the Local Government Board Act 1894 power by special order to apply to rural districts any of the powers exercised in urban districts under the Public Health or other Acts. My Committee have instructions to bring under the notice of your Rural District Council the suggestions of the Chief Constable with a view to their obtaining for their district the Order of the Local Government Board to put into operation therein the clauses in the Towns Police Clauses Acts with respect to hackney carriages and the drivers thereof. I shall be obliged if you will in due course bring this communica- tion before your Council, and inform me what action, if any, they will take thereon. ' On the proposition of Mr. Samuel Woodward,seconded by Mr J. Eiwards the letter was referred to the Parlia- mentary Committee.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIVERS POLLUTION.

Mr R. Potts, clerk to the C )unty Council,wrote under date 2nd August with reference to Rivers Pallution I submitted your letter of the sth ult., to the Rivers Pollution Committee of this Council at its last meeting when I was instructed to urge upon your Council to proceed as quickly as pocsible with their sewage scheme and also to rake up the stmller cases of pollution." It was intimated that the Council was proceeding in the matter.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATER SUPPLY OF NORTON-.-LOONCING AHEAD.

Mr. H. W. Cook, clerk to the Wallasey Urban District Council, on August 13b, 1900, wrote as follows:—"Dear Sir, Liverpool Corporation and this Council, Water Sup- ply. In view of a possible appeal to the Local Govern- ment Board upon this Council's proposal to lay a water main from Vyrnay to the boundary of the Wallasey Dis- trict, and having regard to the fact that opposition to the scheme is contemplated by the West Cheshire Water Co. I shall be obliged if you, as clerk to the Runcorn District Council, will if you hive any objections to the proposal, forward those objections to the Local Govern- ment Board at an early date, so that no delay may arise injobtaining the decision of the Board as to the proposed works, Of course you will understand that Ido not forward this letter to invite opposition, but only assum- ing such opposition to be contemplated so that what is to be done shall be done quickly." The Clerk also read a letter from Colonel W. R. Lascelles, chairman of the Norley Parish Council who wrote !under date August 13;h, 1900, stating that he was much interested in the question of getting a water supply for that parish, and was aware that the matter had been before the District Council. Be saw in the local papers an advertisement for the Wallasey District Council from which it appeared that the Livernool Water Main was about to be tapped close to the Zion Chapel in the parish of Norley. He wished to urge the importance of the opportunity not being lost, and that when the pipe was tapped a junction should also be put in to the Norley side of the pipe, so that when the time came (as it surely would) for them to arrange for a supply for the Liverpool Main the pipe would be found already tapped. Could the District Council help in the matter ? It would save money eventually for it seemed a certainty that sooner or later they must come to that water supply. Nothing was of more urgent necessity for the welfare of the parish, the water supply of which was most objectionable. Any advice the Council could give him would be accepable, and if an interview would be of any use be would be most pleased to come over. It was decided that the Clerk write for plans of the proposed route of mains,and that upon their arrival the matter be taken in hand by the Parliamentary Committee. The Clerk was also instructed to ask for the insertion of the junction, but the Council were not prepared to give any guarantee.

"TEE DOCTOR AND THE COW."

Dr. Adams, medical officer, reported that a cow on the farm of Mrs. Gleave, of Manley, had been found to be afflicted with tubercle in the udier. Dr. Nivea, medical officer to the Manchester Corporation, and Dr. Vacher, the County Medical Officer, had been in communication with him en the subject, and in accordance with their suggestions the cow had beendried for the purpose of being sold: . _

Admiral loines-Parry -asked if the animal was slaugh- tered would the carcast, be fit for food ? Dr. Adams replied that under certain conditions a cow affected with tubercle would, be fit for food, but ths milk from such a cow was distinctly unfit for food. The Inspector said they had no power to dictate to Mrs. Gteave what she should do with the cow.

Mr. Woodward agreed that the Council had no power whatever ta control the sale of the cow, and Dr Adams and Dr Nivea had no right to be on the premise; when the cow was sold.

Dr. Adams said the matter had been brought to Lis notice as the district medical officer.

Mr, Pilling: We had better leave it to the doctor. He will look after the Cow. (Laughter.) Mr. Woodward : If Mrs. Gleave ceases to sell the milk from this cow what can the Manchester Authority do with it ? If she dos not sell the milk your own Dairies and Cowsheds Regulations don't apply at all. The matter then dropped.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRHSPONDENT.]

The speculation upon the date of the General Election, naturally, in many divisions throughout the kingdom, will cause considerable shaking of the "dry bones." Even the Northwich Division will (indeed, it has already begun to feel) some effect of the expected stir ; but it is pleasing to Liherals to know that at least they are prepared, and come the election when it will, the work of registration will have been found to be carried out so efficiently that little fears as to the result can be entertained. As remarked some weeks ago the Tories are on the out- look for an opponent against Sir John T. Brunner, Bart., M.P. As yet, however, no name has been mentioned, and should the election take place in October next it is as likely as not the Northwich Division will be uncontested.

The question of greatest importance before the Runcorn Board of Guardians on Tuesday last, was an application from their House Surgeon for a re- consideration of his salary and terms of contract and after some discussion the matter was referred to the House Committee whose recommendation will come up for consideration at the next Board meeting. From the tone of many of the members' re- marks the Do?,tor is not likely to receive much more if any more advantageous terms than those already contracted for. Besides, of late, increases of salary have been very common—and very generously met by the Guardians or District Council—and any further increase of expenlitare in that direction will begin to awaken the public. Another item of considerable importance is the fact which was illus- trated so remarkably by Mr. J. Meadowcroft, the other week, that the number of inmates appeared to be 30 less for the last week in July,l9oo,than for the corresponding week of the previous year. Naturally, with such a decrease, the percentage of sickness will be less, and the doctor may be said to have chosen an unfitting occasion upon which to prefer his request. As Admiral Jones Parry put it "why could not the House Committee reconsider the whole question of medical officer's salaries with a view to effecting a saving ?"

Runcorn Licensing Sessions are fixed for Monday the 27th inst., and it is stated that Mr. George Par- tington, of Balfour-street, intends to again apply, for an off-license for his premises at that place Already the application has more than once been refused, and notwithstanding the petitions which may be raised and signatures obtained of people who have a difficulty in obtaining inadequate drink supply, every level headed person knows that already there exist too many public-houses in Runcorn, and the duty of the Magisterial Bench lies in rather reducing than increasing licenses, They have done High-street a good turn in closing one licensed house, and a further opportunity may be presented should they feel disposed to take it.

Who said the constable had not a heart? On Thursday morning Lizzie Whelan was committed to prison for six weeks inasmuch as she had thought proper to batter the had of "her man" with an iron bar, an operation which in the opinion of the Run- corn magisterial bench was an offence against the laws and constitution of this kingdom. Lizzie having descended from the dock and her descrip- tion and record having been duly inscribeu,the duty of escorting her to her Majesty's Mansion at Knuts- ford devolved upon the father of the Runcorn police force. Naturally his course lay through Hoyle-street and at the junction of that thoroughfare with Oran. ville-street where the prisonet resided was the prisoner's little boy. The youngster began to cry piteously and the compassionate constable allowed mother and child to blenl their tears and give each other a final embrace. Truly the Runcorn police force from the Superintendent to the rawest recruit is actuated by a chivalrous spirit, and holds out a pattern which other communities of guardians of the peace would do well to copy,

===== 0002601_19000817_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
The South Lancashire Tramways.

From a recently published map of the route of the proposed South Lancashire Electric Tramways it is apparent several towns will benefit very con- siderably by the new undertaking. One branch of the line will run to Westhoughton and Hindle y,an I from thence via Ashton-in-Makerfield to Haydock, St. Helens, and Liverpool ; another travels from Bolton via Atherton,Leigh,and Lowton to Earlestown and thence to St. Helens, and a third runs to Little Hulton, Walkden, Swinton, Worsley,and Patricroft. In short the large and populous industrial area, covering about 70 square miles, and which is bounded by Wigan, Bolton, Manchester Leigh, Earlestown, and St. Helens, will be intersected in all directions by the new lines. Exclusive of the larger towns, such as Manchester, Bolton, Bt. Helens, Wigan, and Leigh, the area to be served will embrace a population of half a million, The tramway will be of 4ft Bin gauge, and the cars, which will be worked by the overhead trolley sys- tem, will be handsome and commodious, and be furnished with outside seats. There will be stations at every quarter of a mile, but no doubt more fre- quent access will be arranged when toe system is in operation. Between 5 and 8 a.m. and at mid-day on Saturday the fare will be -Id per mile, while id per mile will be the maximum charge at any time. A great convenience to the public will also accrue from the system by the carriage of parcels, etc., on the cars. As the Tramways Bill has received. the Royal Assent it is anticipated the promoters will not delay in utilising their powers.

FREE TO RHEUMATIO AND PARALYTIC; SUFFERERS, an Illustrated Book on the complete horn Cure of these Diseases, preface by F. W. Oole, M.D.. who regards the author as the highest authority. Send stamp for book to the VENO INSTITUTE,. 141 Devousill e-street. Man- chester.—Lldvt•

===== 0002601_19000817_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON. Coming Events.

--- I We would remind our readers tnat next Wednes- day and Thursday (the 22ad and 23rd met) Shrews- bury Great Floral Me which has been described as the largest and grandest fl iwer show ever organized in either London or the Provinces, will be held at Shrewsbury, when over £l,OOO will be distributed in prizes. There will be many attractions in addition to the show. Each day the combined bands of the Royal 'Rue Guards (Blue), the Coldstream Guards, the Portsmouth Royal Marines, and the Scots Guards Pipers, to the number of 105 per- formers, will contribute selections of music, and some of the most accomplished acrobats, &c., will also appear and twice daily (at four and seven o'clock) there will be balloon ascents to the height of a thousand feet by the Crystal Palace Aeronaut, Further, there will be a horse-leaping competition, for which £lOO will be given in prizes. Special ex- cursions will run from Preston, Wizan,Warrington, and other towns. For prizes of admission and other particulars our readers are referred to the adver- tisement in another column.gf Transfer of Licenses

At the Borough Police Court on Monday the following licenses were transferred :—Off-license, 78, Battersby-lane, from John Smith to Frederick G Rigby; off-license, 38, Pinners Brow. from Annie Evans to Robert Flynn; off-license, 59. Lythgoes- lane, from Owen Lenehan to Sarah E Lenehan. The Lancashire Harvest.

In Cadishead, irlain, Astley, and on Chat and Car- rington Mosses, belonging to the Manchester Cor- poration, excellent crops of oats, wheat and rye are being obtained. The ears are lull, and the straw short. Good yields ot tuberous-rooted produce are likewise assured. A feature of the harvest Is the dearth of Irish labourers, a large number of those employed being fustian cutters and other, whose trades are in a depressed condition. Music in the Park.

The Ist Volunteer Battalion (P.W.V.) South Lancashire Regiment band programme for to- morrow (Sunday) will be as follows :—Exhibition, quick march, "The . 20th Century," J 0 Flume selection, " Ernani," Verdi, "In Memoriam (to the memory of our fallen heroes), Lynton selection, "Reminiscences of Donezetti," Smith; overture, "Rays of gold," Villers ; "God save the Queen." Mr. J.T.Richardson will be the conductor. Sad Suicide—A Victim of Influenza.

A factory operative named 'ehomas Marsh, of 51, Halme-street, Manchester-road, committed suicide by hanging himself on Saturday morning. He had suffered from influenz I for some time and was ins very depressed state of mind. About eleven o'clock on Saturday morning his wife left the house, and en her return aoout noon she missed him. She searched the house, and found him hanging from a rope suspended from a bedpost. She at once cut the rope. The police were summoned, but life was found to be extinct. At the inquest on Monday evidence was given by the widow and P.C. Newsy. —A juror said he had known deceased for a great many years. He was a very inoffensive man. Since his illness he had been very much depressed.—A verdict to the effect that deceased committed suicide whilst of unsound mind was returned. Warrington Engineers at Welbeck Abbey. The annual picnic of Messrs Rylands Bros.' engineering staff took place on Saturday, the venue selected being the well-known seat of the Duke of Portland at Welbeck Abbey. The party numbered 17, and a special saloon -being placed at their dis- posal, the journey to Worksop was thoroughly en- joyed. Arriving hare, carriages conveyed the party to the Lion Hotel, and lunch having been heartily enjoyed char-a-banes were chartered, and the drive through Sherwood Forest proved thoroughly interesting, the outing being made all the more enjoyable by the graphic descriptions given by a guide. Arriving back at their headquarters, a capi- tal dinner was served, and needless to add, full jus- tice was done. There was the usual convivial hour at the close, and on arriving at Warrington there was a cencensus of opinion that the visit to the Dukeries was one of the most enjoyeble yet ex peri.nced. The arrangements were ably carried out by Messrs R Savory and J Jeffery. Independent Order of Good Templars. The usual weekly session of the Temperance Mis- sion Lodge was held on Wednesday in the Brick-st. schoolroom. Bro J W Roberts, CT, presided, visi- tors being present from the Warrington "Onward Lodge. The nomination of officers was then pro- ceeded with and resulted as iollows :—C T, Bro W Roberts; V T, Sister E Sheath ; secretary, Bro C j Sheath ;F 5, Sister S L Sheath; treasurer, Bro Nurse; marshal, Bro j Sheath; chaplain, Sister Nurse; guard, Sister Holmes; sentinel, Bro J Mil- lington ; assistant secretary. Bro O'Brien; S J T, Sister E Sheath; ASJ T, Sister Plucknett. The officers were installed by Bro Roberts, L D,assisted by Bro Wright and Sister Sparkes as installing mar- shals. The treasurer, Bro Nurse, read his report which was accepted on the motion of Bro O'Brien seconded by Bro J Sheath. Bro Nurse moved and Bro O'Brien seconded that a vote of sympathy be sent to Bro J T Millington who had met with a seri- ous accident. Bro Wright sang "Pull for the shore." Bro J Sheath gave a report of the Conven- tion meeting. Bro Roberts closed the lodge in the usual manner. _

Warrington Field Club.

On Saturday the members of the Field Club travelled to West Kirby for the purpose of visiting Hilbre Island. The weather was beautiful and the tide favourable, which means that the members were able to be at the north-western corner of the island about five o'clock, at low water of a spring tide. This affords the best opportunity of examin- ing a considerable area of rock which is as crowded with living creatures as Sankey-street ,tt nine o'clock on a Sunday evening. Collectors were busy securing exquisitely beautiful seaweeds, hydroids which to an inexperienced eye look more like plants than animals, anemones, alcvonaria, with various crustaceans and molluscs. The most interesting of the molluscan dwellers on Hilbre is the pholas, a sort of mussel which bores holes in the rock, often half a yard deep, and which manifests its disappro- val of scientific research by indignantly squirting a jet of water at the meddlesome naturalist who endeavours to capture it. Despite their protests these venerable conservatives were dragged front their lairs and ruthlessly butchered to make a Field Club holiday. Tired, wet and hungry, but happy and triumphant, the membPrs returned at sundown.

Local Oddfellowship—Presentatio-n—:

On Saturday, at the monthly meeting of the Garibaldi Lodge of the National Independent Order of Oddfellows (Warrington District) an interesting ceremony took place. Among the visiting brethren were Bro John Brown,Grand Master of the district; Bro Edwin Pester,Deputy Grand Master; PPG M John Burgess, and P G James W Johnson. Bro Pester took the N G chair and Bro Walter EM9012 the vice-chair. At the close of the lodge business Bro Pester called upon PPG M William Hill to present, on lehalf of the lodge, a beautifully- framed embletn of the Order to the retiring Grand Master, Bro Charles Chidlaw, for services rendered. Bro Hill said it gave him great pleasure to perform such a pleasant duty, more especially to the recipi- ent, who he knew had worked hard and had attended to his duties very satisfactorily. He hoped he would continue to give his services for the bene- fit of Oddfellowship. Bre Chidlaw, in responding. said it was his ambition when first he became an Oddfellow to gain such an honour, and he had to thank the officers of the lodge for the help and ad- vice which had been given to him time after time. He especially thanked the lodge for their handsome itt The remainder ot the evening was pleasantly spent, songs being contributed by Bros Burgess, Emson, Blackshaw, and J Hughes. Brass Band Contest at Eastham.—Warrington

Borough Band Disqualified. The second annual band contest took place in Eastham Gardens on Saturday afternoon. The weather was all that could be desired,and the beau- tiful grounds were patronised by a very large number of visitors, many of whom were relatives or supporters of bandsmen taking part in the con- test, and had travelled long distances in order to be present at the performance. Some sixteen bands entered for the contest,and all put in an appearance but one, the Warrington Bosough Band, was die- qualified en account of some irregularity. The test piece was" Songs of England," published by Messrs Wright and Round, of Liverpool. Mr J 0 Shepherd was the judge, and in giving his award he expressed his disappointment with the performances generally though he had, he said, beard some very good solo playing. He awarded the prizes as follows :—I. (.E10), Coppull Prize, conductor, Mr W Halliwell : 2 (.£6), Haigh, conductor, Mr Peter Fairhurst; (E 5 Earlestown Viaduct,conductor, Mr W Rimmer; 4 (.£4), Ashton Temperance, conductor. Mr Chris. Smith ; 5 (.£3), Nutgrove, conductor, Mr John Glad- ne and 6 (£2), Ellesmere Port, conductor, Mr James Garner,sen. The other bands taking part in the contest were St. Luke's. Crosby ; Christ Church. waterloo; Thornton Hough ; Garswood Hall; Parr St. Peter's ; Litherland ; Tranmere Gleam ; Platt Bridge, and Widnes St, Mary's,

===== 0002601_19000817_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
wWI

I

I

,

I 4

‘.

,I :, . ~ 1 : .

1:211k

===== 0002601_19000817_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian,lavender, saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable.eHealth has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve arid mu.cle. We exact too much from these in t he daily competitive struggle for success in life, and we have to suffer in consequence—indiges- tion, weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver dis- orders chest affections, and numerous other complaints. ' Now all these are successfully combatted with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the bast remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and per- manent in its effect. If you find that your system is unabJekta bear the oppressive heat, and you are almost unajsW te follow your daily vocation, immediately sitrengtAaeo your constitution by taking a course of gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart and "go" to the ‘yeary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitutien they ivard off fevers and ether ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert the above confi- dently. • Man is much more subject to the influence of his surroundiegs than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close ill- ventilated, arid badly-lit homes, offices, or workshops, are, of course well-known to everyone who has studied hygiene.; while the life giving effects of sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said or the results of the various climatic changes. The injuri- ous effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons ; and the depressing influsnce of an ' approatgaing thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by masneople. Gwilyni Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insuratmespolicy against " catching cold." for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs,,whieh frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeebleness of the weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many -itnitatora, but the purchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name ".Gwilym Evans" on the label, on the stamp, andon the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefitting by the unrivalled virtues of this great tonic. Gevilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 21. 9d. and 44. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendere, or will be sent direct by the propristors,:without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Plaprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company,. Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

SAV A G 41:XT AC K ON A POLICEAIAN.-P.C; DYSON COMPLIMENTED.

At the Warrington Police Court,last Friday,before the _Mayor and er.ther magistrates, Patrick Moran, 15, Port- land Street; was ch,arged with obstructing P.C. Drson 'whilst aeing in the execution of his duty in James Street at 11 o'clock the previous night. John Chambers last from Matriaerer was charged with being drunk and disorderly and...with assaulting P.C. Dyson in James streqt ank OlOWn street. P.C. Dyson stated that at 11 o'clock be. was on duty in Buttermarket Street and heard a disturbance takin!,,/ place in James Street. On proceeding tUere he saw the nrisoner Chambers who was under_the influence of drink and making use of bad language.'cii.ere was a young woman standing near the prisoner and after calling. her an obscene name he struck ber and kndclied her down. Witness took him into custody. afisi he became very violent. Moran then came -on the scene and pulled , Win (Dyson), away. He gat. hold of the ; Man.: again and they fell to the ground. Whilst he Vilt getting the handcuffs out of his pocket Chambers kicked him in the stomach and ran away again. A large crowd collected and Moran endeavoured to prevent lli. from pursuing Chambers.—Witness rushed after bim up James-st rest, Cockhedgelane, and Orford street info. Crown-street, and again closed with him. ChamlozA:).lld pulled his coat and vest off and they again felr,td the ground. Chambers then kicked him in the eye'' awing discolouration and abrasion. -Moran then pulliØ _him away and Chambers escaped. Witness foaived ; him, and Moran rushed after him together wir.ti's- urge crowd. When he got to Cockhedge sane, P.S. WilliaTnson, aud P.C. Harablett came on tbe -scene and Moran was taken into custody. Chambers was subsequently arrested in an entry off James street. Witness's whist.le and lantern were lost during the struggle but afterwards taken to the Police Station— P.S. Wiliiams ;nand a woman named Kate Taylor gave Evidence and the Bfinch sent Moran to gaol for a monta in default of i”.yirig a fine of £5 and committed Cham- bers for three in:orsths.—The chairman said they were extremely obliged" to PC. Dyson for the manner in which be bad sthilt `to tne man. It did him as a young -officer, greet credit.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
'THEFT Ori'LifAH BY WARRINGTON WORKMEN

At the Vitar:ington F lice Court on Saturday, before Messrs. Chandiey anti Birchall, William Bolton and John Culloton were ciaarizei with stealing from a yard off Dial-street, some time bstween seven and eight o'clock on Friday morning, a quantity of lead, of the value of 103, the property. 9.4 Henry Thornton, The Laurels, /4%?arnhead.—The:Chipf Constable said that Mr. Thorn- ton was the joint. d'vvrier with another gentleman of some property In Dial-street, and the prisoners were employed by him to carry out some repairs to the house nuarbf r 4, Dial-3treet, and the little chOollr at the corner of N3ytor- street.At the bacil of this property there was an old well, which formerly surmounted by a pump and the lead, which was the suoject of the charge, was part of the fittinga in thtl ARIL The pump was taken away and sold some time a,g9 mld the money was divided between the joint owners 4.03 a property and this established Mr. Thornton's ciAfr4,to the well. On Friday the men were instructed 'r4-qa tip the well and in the course of doing so they ea,trytlyci-)ss the lead. They appropriated it and sold it to &tr.. Howard. men! broker, Hall-street, for 93 9d. Thei• went preeirtg with the money. and wet- drinkln ,ghen apprehended by Super- intendent Motiagtan • snd D-,tective Foster. It ap- peared that they told Mr. Howard the lead Was their own preporty and .be did not suslYct that it had been ae-olen. When charged Bolton made a statement to the effect that Culloton instructed him to take the lead and dispose of it and they,diviled the money equally. Cul- loton stated that the other tni,in proposed taking the lead and Bolton then:s44', Yes" and they thought they had a rit!ht to it for a' hit of allowance. Prisoners had absoluta ly no righ.t to take the lead and dispose of it.— Bolton, who had bee ti before the Court for a great many offences was comnaittgl to gaol for two months and Culloton was corninitted for a month.

A DRUNKEN MoTHEit';,•MORE NEGLECT OF CHILDREN AT • 4tIgtirARRINGTON

On Monday at the,-Warrington Police Court before Mr F Monks and othfsr ...magistrates, Joseph and BodeHa Birchag, 5, App'etlia-street, were summoned for neglect- ing their children hi a manner likely to cause them un- necessary suffering And injury to health. They both pleaded not guilts—Mr. Browne, who appeared to prosecute on behalf of tee N.S.P.C.C.„ said the proceed- were brought in.nrder to ascertain who was really to blame. Tnere ''strire`two sons of a mature age, and they blamed the nitYher. On the other hand the mother blamed the father. ,Whoever was to blame, there had be.en serious nrgl,ct, The male defendant had handed to the inspector of-the society 15 pawntickets relating to articles which he said his wife had pawned during the last few mootbs,Lancl he said that he had paid for bedding ut of his: wages. That seemed to put a differ- ent complexion on.tile ease, and after the evidence had been heard he might, Ip.ve a suggestion to make. The man earned good .yrae'ea, and gave his wife 223 a week. The boys gave he 15,. The man had, in addition, hour-ht bAding,' .-:On the evening of Friday week, %then it - yeas raining so heavily, the woman called at Inspector Hackett's house. She was carrying a baby. He told her that she had no right to he out. She complained that she bad been turned out the night before and had had nothing to eat. She said the baby .was famished. She had had to sleep out ni,z.ht alter night. The Inspector told her to go borne and said he would follow. He and P.C. Delahay Pf tn,vards visited 41ae house, and found that what she had stated wao ttue. The woman had gone out to buy some bread and"htid not returned. The Inspector examined the Children. George, aged seven, was fairly well fed and euth,di but the clothing was dirty. Mary aged ten. was ieiy badly clothed and the clothing was filthy. Hew body Was filthy and her head verminous. The lahild was also poorly nourished. The furniturerfr tbe house was simply nothing. Downs!'aira them, were two tables, a broken chair, a stool and a crlab. The bedrooms were filthy. There was an iron bedstead :,With two very dirty sheets for covering and in the ,back room a sack of chaff on the floor. It was a wretched home. One of the boys said that the mother was drunk sometimes three times a week In that vspect the man was equally to blame. He was not a anber man.—P.C. Delahay said he had seen both dilendAnta several times under the influ- ence of drink.—John Birchall (17),50n of the defendants,

UNuONQUERABLE. A PlanT Statement of Facts. t• Veno'i Senweed "Konie is used in hospitals and by doc- tors thembelves at borne and abroad, because they rccognise in it a. scientific remedy possessing the greatest therapeir'c value, .au el a quick cure for all ailments arising from a dieeaSed .condition of the stomach, liver. kidneys and Mood. It possrsees marvellous tonic and strengthening povier. .ls. VIA. and 2s. 9d. Sold by Boot's Limited,Knewies Warrington, Peake, Earlestown and Newton, Weston and Co., Runcorn, Foggi4 Widnee, and all ebecniete.

said be earned 15s a week and gave his mother 103. The lowest his father had givea her was 193. James gave her 53 and 5s 61. His father had bought bedding,which his naother had pawned. His mother was always drinking, and did not look atter the house. It was a hard thing to say, but if it were not for her they would live more happily. She had pawned a suit which he bought. On the Friday night mentioned she went out for some bread, and did not return. His father did not lock her out.—James Birchall (15) said his mother had no reason to stay out. She was the cause of the unhappy home. She pawned a suit which he bought, and gave him 6d. She was always drinking.— Mr. Browne read a statement which the woman had made to Inspector Hackett. Iu it she alleged that her hus- band gave her insufficient money, was drinking every day, and locked her out constantly. She also said that he illtreated her. She bad had to pawn the children's clothes. She did not take drink herself.—The male defendant said the allegations were not true.—The Chairman said the case was an extremely painful one, particularly so because the boys had to give evidence agaiest their mother. The evidence proved that she was mainly to blame. The man was not free from blame, because out of 35s be only gave his wife 223 and spent lOs or 123 in drink. There was some blame in that respect. The woman was, however, more at fault, and would have to go to gaol for a month. The Ira would be given a chance to improve the condition of the home. The Inspector would keep his eye on the house, and report progress. How LITTLE GIRLS ASS ROBBED—INGENIOUS THIEVES AT WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington Police Court en Monday, Julia Craghan (16), a fustian cutter, residing at 13, Dutton- street, was charged with stealing from the person of Nellie Mather, whilst in Bank-street at two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the sum of 4s 61, the money of Ellen Buchanan.—The Chief Constable said that for some I time p lc, the police had been receiving reports of children being robbed in the streets in a very ingenious way by a girl or girls a little older than themselves. Officers had been specially detailed to enquire into and if possible, detect this pernicious form of crime. On Saturday the little girl Mather, who was eleven years of age was sent by her grandmother to obtain payment for some work that the grandmother bad done. As she was returning she met the prisoner, who was a perfect stranger to her, in Buttermarket-street. Prisoner said to her" Your mother wants you to go for some flour" and thr girl said " Whore is my mother ?" Prisoner re- plied that she was in Bank-street and offered to take the chid to her. Whilst they were on the way prisoner said "Let me look at your money" and the girl innocently let her take the money which amounted to 4s. 11d. Prisoner then said" Your mother says you have to get some flour" and gave back to her what purported to be the money wrapped up in some paper, and disappeared. The girl, on opening the paper found it contained only sixpence in copper- In- formation was given to the police and inquiries were set on foot and prisoner was apprehended by P.C. Gough. She was brought to the Police Station and stoutly deni€ d all knowledge of the theft and endeavoured to prove an alabi in a very cute and clever way for a girl of her age. She impressed the officer so much with her statement that she was allowed to go, pending inquiries. Further inquiries were made and later in the afternoon prisoner was rearrested and brought to the Police Ratio,' and admitted having stolen the money. She said she had given her mother 2s 6d of the money and had hidden is 6d behind a gate in Church- street. An officer accompanied her to the hiding place and found her statement to be correct. Prisoner's mother stated that the girl gave her Ss as if the money was her wagee. She had been neglecting her work dur- ing the week and it was suggested, made up her wages with the stolen 21 61 in order to blindfold her mother as to her doings during the wee.—The Bench committed the prisoner to gaol for a month in number two division. —Ann Peers, aged twenty years,ls, Longford-street,was also charged with stealing from the person of Mary M'Cue, a little girl of 6, residing in Kerfoot-street, at 11.30 on Thursday last, the sum of 31. The prosecutrix was sent with 31. to buy some meat, when she was stopped by the prisoner, who asked her where she was going. She offered to get the meat for her and the child handed her the money. Prisoner then made off. When brought to the police star.ion she at first denied the theft, but subsequently admitted it.—She was sent to gaol for fourteen days in the second division A BRUTAL FATHER SMARTLY DEALT WITH.

William ad Clara Bibby, of 12, Warburton-street, were summoned at the Borough Police Court on Tues- day before Alderman Sutton (in the chair) and Mr. Birchall, for neglecting and abandoning their three children, Richard Stanley, William, and James. The male defendant pleaded guilty and the female defendant net guilty.—Mr. Browne, who appeared for the N.S.P. C.C. Society, said the male defendant was a forge labourer and earned 194 per week. He also sold ice cream and made profit on that. Detective Delahay had reason to go to the house on the 7th of July to serve a sumnaens on the man for breaking a window at the house of his father-in-law. He foetid the house empty and in a terrible condition. The floor did not appear to have been washed for months. There was very little furniture—two broken chairs and an old table. In the back place there was no furniture at all. Upstairs in the front room there was an old bed. stead covered with a dirty sack. In the back place was something similar. The detective made inquiries and foune! that the children were wandering about the street.—Mr. Birchall : Do you say that he made ice cream in tele place P—Mr. Browne: No sir, he bought it outside I hope. (Laughter.) Cmetinuing, he said the child res were afterwards taken in by the grandmother and subsequently were removed to the Workhouse. The wile made allegations against the husband, and the hus- band's friends made al'egations against the wife. He (Mr. Browne) and the Inspector tioeught that trouble had been caused by the interference oh the mother-in- law. The wife left the house because the man had stood over her with a knife, and the neighbours bad had to get.her through the window to prevent.as they said,his murdering her. The cuildren were in a wretched filthy, and negleeted condition. That was purely the wife's fault. She had however, been suffering from a tumour in the neck, and had been an in- mate of the Infirmary fteon July 17th to 31st.— Detective Delahaye Inspector Hackett, and Mr. Garnett (relieviug officer) gave evidence in support. —lda Woods, I€l, Warhurton-street, said she had seen Bibby illuse his wife.—Ellen Potts, 14, Warberton-etreet, said she bad given the wife food.—Biboy stated that he had lost work through his wife's neglect. She stayed out two or three nights ira a week. The children always had plenty to eat. She had driven him away.—Mrs. Bibby was sworn, and said she had only had two weeks' wages trom her husband since Christmas. He had been laying out the money and drinking. At one time he was on the shop book for eleven pints of beer. She had been living on dry bread and sugar. He was a good husband, but had been ruined by a drunken mother. One day he threatened to murder her. He said ; "I will operate upon you. I will burst that (the tumour) with my fist. lam going to murder you and put you nine feet under the sod."—Mrs. Cowen gave evidence, and the charge against the wife was withdrawn.—Bibby was committed to gaol for two months with hard labour.

SEQUEL TO AN ASSAULT ON A CONSTA BLE.-TIIE RESULT

OF GIVING EVIDENCE FOR THE POLICE.

On Thursday at the Warrington Borough Court,before Alderman Fairclough (chairman) and ether magistrates, William Cunningham was charged on a warrant with making use of threats towards Kate Taylor on the 14th inst.—The Chief Constable explained that on Wednesday the complainant made application to the Bench for a warrant against the prisoner under the following cir- cumstances. About a week ago the complainant came forward voluntarily and gave evidence on behalf of the police in the prosecution of a young man who violently assaulted a police officcr who had since b€ en off duty and was complimented by the Mayor for his courage and pertinacity in following up the two prisoners. It was mainly upon the woman's evidence that the man was convicted and since then she had been subjected to continual annoyance by people who lived in the neighbourhood and had gone about in fear. Her principal persecutor had been the prisoner, and on Wedne3day the complainant cam,' before the Bench and stated that she was afraid to go about on account of the man's threats. The magistrates on his (Mr. Talbot's) recommendation kindly granted a free warrant. It was an intolerable thing that a person who came for- ward to give evidence should be intimated by ruffians of this class.—Complainant, who resides at 8, James'- street stated that on Monday night the prisoner who resides in Bowcock-street was " carrying on " about her and on the following morning she was passing along the street whea she met him. He said she had given a fellow three months and that if she came down there he would kick her from the top of the street to the bottom. She was afraid of the man because she knew he was quite capable of carrying out his threat:—Prisoner alleged that com- plainant was drunk and said he did not remember using the threat.—The Chief Constable said that was his 19th appearance.—Prisoner was bound over to keep the peace for six months in one surety of £5, and ordered to pay the costs (153 6d) or in default a month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court. FRlDAL—Before the Mayor (in the chair), CouncillOv Smethurst and Mr. Hepherd. Ma. STEEL'S TECHNICAL OEJECTION.—Before the com- mencement of the ordinary business Mr. Steel mentioned the case of Sauce v. Collins in which the defendant was charged with making use of obscene language in Coronation Buildings. Last week he took objection to the summons because Coronation Buildings was a private place. He had made further inquiries and found that it was a private place and he had received a letter from Mr. Browne in which he sail thtt as there was some doubt as to whether Coronation Buildings was a public Owe or not be had advised his client to withdraw the summons. There was no doubt at all from the information that he (Mr Steel) had re- ceived and under the exceptional circumstances he asked for costs on behalf of the defendant.—Mr Browne said that a man was sued for the same thing in Coronation Buildings the day before —Mr Steel: That is not so ; he was sued for using threats—The magistrates agreed to the case being withdrawn but did not allow the defendant's costs. A. DEFENDER coR LADYSAIITIL—WIIIISM Haddock, a soldier whose addrcee was given as 45, Tanners-laue, was charged

hbeingdrunk in Bridge-street at 6.20 the previous even- ng.—The evidence showed that prisoner was in a helpless stee of intoxication and had to be taken to the P.slice Station on a handcart.—The Chief Constable told the magis- trates that prisoner said he obtained the drink at the Walton Show. He wore a good conduct stripe and had been through the Beige of Ladysmith. He had a clean sheet in the Army and appeared to be a respectable young fellow. He had been locked up all night, and if the Bench would allow him, be (Mr. Talbot) would withdraw the charge.—The magistrates agreed to this the chairman remarking that he wished people would have ft little more sense and not show their kidness in this unfor- tunate manner to men who had done so much for their ountry. Hear. hear). MeNnev.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Councillor

Smethurst, Messrs. Birchali and Hayward

A WORTHLESS CHARACTER.-firthur Longihaw, a labourer, was charged with running away from the Borough on July 25th, leaving his four children chargeable to the Union.—Mr. B, Shearer prosecuted on behalf of the Board of Guardians, and stated that the children were really admitted to the Workhouse on January 9th. They had been in and out of the Workhouse for the past eight or nine years, and during that time the prisoner had lived either in the Workhouse or In gaol. The family had cost the Guardians some hundred pounds, and this year alone had cost £3O or £4O. Prisoner was an able-bodied man and his wife was an able-bodied woman.—The Chief Constable said the man and his wife had shocking characters, both being inveterate thieves. Prisoner had ad a month for failing to maintain his family.—The Chairman The birch rod would do him more good than anything else.—Prisoner was committed to gaol for three months.

"A litimarria Kr= IT A WINDOW."—Peter Scully. of Bank- street, was charged with being disorderly and refueing to quit the "Theatre Tavern," Scotland-road, at six n'clock on Saturday night, and also with wilfully breaking a plate glass window, doing damage to the amount of £2 IN.—William McClue, manager of the Theatre Tavern, stated that the prisoner came into the public house and asked for a pint of beer. Knowing tbe man's character, ha made it a rule not to serve him, and he requested him to go out. Prisoner then made nee of filthy language and he had to call the police to eject him from the premises. Subsequently witness heard the smashing of glass and found that Scully had broken the window. P.C.'s Phillips and Heap took him into custody.— John Allen stated that he saw the prisoner take a running kick at the window.—P.C. Heap said the prisoner was very disorderly when taken into custody.—Prisoner was fined £5 with the option of is month's imprisonment in the first case. and was committed to gaol for two months for breaking the window. _

"A DANGEROUS TEMPPR."—John Ayres, Bank-street was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bank-street at 11.15 on Saturday night and with assaulting P.O. Turner and his wife Annie Avres.—Prisoner's wife state that her husband came home drunk and made use of threatening language towards her. He then struck her in the face and knocked her down. She ran into the pantry and he again knocked her do arn,preseed his thumb on her throat and nearly choked her. He said he Would kill her. Whilst she was on the floor be threw a mug full of water over her. P.C's. Turner and Whittaker apprehended him.—P.O. Turner stated that he heard a disturbance taking .place in Bank- street and on proceeding there he saw the prisoner who was drunk, and making use of threatening language to his wife. He put the man in the house but he came out again and renewed his conduct. He had a couple of bricks in his hands and he threw one at witness, and narrowly missed striking his head. He closed with him and prisoner kicked and struck like a madman. Witness took him to the Police Station and he there said" I am sorry I did not do for you." —The Chief Constable proved a number of previous convic- tions against the prisoner, who, he said, once narrowly escaped being tried for murder. He got three years' penal servitude for throwing a paraffin lamp at his wife. He had a dangerous temper.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month. A LAME ExcusE.—William Whittaker, a hairdresser. residing at 113, Winwick-road was charged with to3sing for money iniliack Stamford-street on Sunday atternoon.—P.O. Clough stated that he was on duty in plain clothes and saw the defendant and four others tossinz fcr money. They had several games and on seeing him they ran in the direction of Dallam-lane. Witness pursued them and caught the defendant who refused to give the names of any of the others.—Defendant stated that he was not taking part in the game but in the confusion ran with the others. It ultimately struck him that as he had not done wrong he did not need to run so he stopped and the officer arrested him.—The magistrates were not inclined to believe this, especially as P.C. Clough assured them that the defendant stopped running because he could not run any further, and fined him 54 and costs.

MORE GA.MBLEIG.—Jameg and Bdward Hill, 2. Hamilton- street, James Birchall, 8. Stevenson-street, Samuel and Thomas Braithwaite, 38. Battersby-lane. were each fined 58 for tossing for money in a place near Stevenson-street on the sth inst.

--- ---- TUESDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair) and

Mr. Birch%ll.

A PERFRcT /Missives. —Thomss HuttPr, who was charged with begging in Bold-street at 7.10 on Monday evening was described by the Chief Constable as a perfect nuisance. He had been before the Court 18 times and was a pe;sistent and impudent beggar. -He was committed to gaol for 14 days with hard labour.

WEDNESDA.Y.7Before gr. Birehall (in the chair),Couneillor

Smethurst and Mr. Geddes.

Two MONTHS TOR THEF.r.—William Ellis Adams, last from Liverpool was charged with stealing from the shopdoor of Brown and Co., Horsemarket-street at 5.10 on Monday evening, a psir of boats value is 14c1 and also with stealing from outside tne shop of Thomas Dumville. Priestley-street at 9.30 on Monday morning three pairs of men's trousers value 12s.—He pleaded guilty.—the Chief Constable stated that prisoner was seen to go to Brown's shop in Horsemarket- street, put a pair of boots under his coat and walk away. He was subsequently arrested by P.C. Millington and when brou4ht to the Police Station was found to be wearing one cd,the three pairs of trousers which had been stolen In the earlier part of the day from Dumville's pawnshop:in Priestley street Prisoner was brought before the magistrates on Tuesday and remanded in order that further inquiries might tae made and some of the property recovered. It appeared that he sold one pair of trousers to a lodginghonse keeper named Ann Davies and that he dropped the other pair whilst m tking off with his booty ald they were taken to Mr. Dumville's by a ueighbour.—Prisoner was committed to gaol for two months with hard labour.

iIIGRATITUDE.—SamtieI Parker was charged with being drunk and disorderly at the Police Station at noon the pre- vious day.—From the evidence it appeared that prisoner's wife came to ths ?olice Station to complain about his conduct and he followed her. He was suffering from a wound on his hand, and this was dressed by the police. Prisoner then commenced to act in a very disorderly manner. and made use of filthy language. His conduct was such that he was locked up.— The Chief Constable: This is the sort of grati- tude the police get for rendering first aid.—Fined lOs or seven dAvs.

TlLErßBDAY.—BeforeUlderman Fairelough (in the chair) and

Mr. Heptlerd,

LOCKED UP FOR SAFETY.—Joseph Glover was charged with being drunk in charge of a horse ond cart in Mersey-street at six o'clock the previous evening.—P.C. Delahay steed that the prisoner was in charge of a horse attached to a spring cart laden with mlneral waters. He was leaning on his side against the boxes. Witness could see he was not in a fit state to drive, and he and P.C. lidwards assisted him off the cart. When he alighted he was found to be in an advanced state of drunkenness, and he could scarcely stand up. He was brought to the Police Station for safety. —A. fine of 108 and Costs was imposed. HER SIXTY-FOURTH APPEARANCE.—BiIen COLMOT. who made her 64th appearance, was committed to gaol for a month for being drunk and disorderly in Ship Yard at 12,30 that morning. 4111 i

===== 0002601_19000817_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions

WEDNESDAY.—Before Captain Withington (in the ohair),and Messrs. J. Ball and J. Tinsley.

ALLEGED ASSAULT BY AN EMPLOYER.—Edgar Jowast, contractor, Winwick, was summonel for assaulting Martin Burke on August Ist at Winwlck. arid complainant also claimed from him 6s for work done. Mr Browne appeared for the defendant and pleaded not guilty—Martin Burke, labourer, said he was employed by the defendant to do some work in the laying of a water main at Winwick on July 30th, and he finished work on July 3tst, having worked the whole of the afternoon of July 30th, and the morning of July 31st. He then asked the defendant for his money 6s, whereuoon defendant pulled off his coat and thrashed him.—Miehael Kane. a labourer lately employed by the defendant corrobor- ated.—Mr Browne for the defence said that the defendant was a contractor for the Warrington Corporation Water Works Committee, and had in his employ about 25 men, On Monday morning. July 30th, Burke asked him for a job, and the defendant gave him work and atit.4 him to atart at once. He, however, only started in the af.ernoon. On Tuesday he worked five hours, and in the afternoon went away to a public-house, where he remained the whole after- noon. Then, under the influence of drink, he demanded his wages and the defendant plainly toll him that he would have them on the following Sitturcity,adcling that he had no right:to leave his work. Burke threatened the defendant, and would not leave the place, but tried to gat the other men to leave work. Defendant asked him three times to leave the place. and on refusing he turned him away, and that w .5 the assault complained of. The wages due to Burke were 3s 9d, not 6s. and the defendant was not legally bound to pay him, but to claim from him in the County Court for damages, because be did not work a fulr week. He was however, willing to pay Burke 3s 9d. —Burke accepted 3s 9d and withdrew the charge of assault. MINoR OFFENCES.—I-b-rbert Cook, Southport. was fined Is and costs for riding a bicycle without a light at 9.30 p.m. on August 10t1i.—For drunkenness the following were fined : Isaac Raves. Wiewick, 5s snd coats; John Brown, Wiuwick, 2s 6d; and William Parker, Winwick, 25 6d and costs.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions MONDAY.—Before Sir Richard M. Broke and Mr. W. Handley.

LICENSING.—Mrs. Taylor was granted permission to sell at the Wheatalleaf Inn,Bridge-street. under the license formerly held by her late husband, Alfred Taylor. Ban LANGUAGE.—Thomas Woods and his wife Mary of Wilson's-row, were summoned for using obscene and profane language and oa the evidence of P.O Gregory, a fine of 5s each was imposed.—Jack Feeney, 28, Cooper-street, for a like offence, was fined 59.—P.C. Edwards proved this case. DRUNlE.—Catherine Palin, 11, Princess-street, was fined 10s and costs for being drunk and disorderly.—V.C.Edwards proved the case.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. _ Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

Theusual service in connection with the above-named Society was fairly well attended on Sunday last. Mr. Francis Brown presided, and delivered a brief address, his subject being " Naaman the leper." Mr. W. Williams, of Manchester, was the speaker,whose address was highly appreciated. He based his remarks on what he considered to be the most pressing need of the present day, "Practical Christianity." Mr. Williams also sang a solo " Thus saith the Lord " (Handel), which was well received. The Rev. W. T. Ball, of Brightm, and Mr. B. Farrar also took part in the service.

To MOTHER.—Mrs. Winslow' Soothing:Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediatAly It is pleasant to taste ; and produces nature/ aoiet steep, ey relieving the child from pain and the ittle uherub awakes "a. brigl2t as a button."Of all Monists le led per bottle.—Advt.

il N view of the approlciaing Football Season, l may be in- teresting to state that the world-famed manufacturers. GEO. G. 13IISSEY dt CO., of London. are preparing a stock of Balls, which f•ir quality. uniformity, and durability, will be unique. These Balls will be distinguished by the appearance thereon of their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 35 and 38 Queen Victoria-street, or 213, Regent-street. London Factories.—Peckham. London; and Illmswell, Suffolk.—Advt.

* * Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, int later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted

WARRINGTON V. OnE LP LE Hummr..—Thla return match was played at ()beadle liulme on Saturday. Score :

_ WARRINGTON. CHEADLE HUMID?. B Sl!cock b Teather J Callon b Teather 9 J S Harding b Smith Dr R Smith b Teather 7 A R Rome c Smith b

B A Connor b Radford ll Bibby Thewlis b Radford 0 B A Raclford c smith b W H Podmore e Holloway Bibby b Teather l9 Teather b Gibson J W Bibby e & b Teather 0 C if Williams c Pdnston b A Duckworth b Redfern... 12 Bibby 1 El Gibson e Williams b G B Haworth b Bibby 4 Teather 4 C V Rome c Elarnpson b G Rampson lbw b Redfern 2 Bibby D Plinston not out

H Essy b Bibby 0 E Holl way not out 1 Extras

Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. 4CHEA.DLE ICULME. o. M. R. W. o M. R. W. G B Radford ... 8 0 25 2 Dr Smith Teatber ll 1 35 6 Thewlls W Redfern 3.3 0 4 2 J W B.bby 11.4 10 15 7 E Gibson ... 11 8 7 1 WARRINGTON 25D v CHEADLE HITLME 2ND. —Played at Warrington The visitors batted first and made 35. R. Pierpoint batted well for his 81: His score included eleven 4's. K Pierpoint also batted well for his 34. Score : CHEADLE HUL3I4 2ND, WARRINGToN 2ND. Holt b Crompton 4 Adamson c Shawcross b Crossley c W Houghton Crossley b Crompton Ashwell b B Pierpoint Shawcruss c R Pierp3int b Woods c Shawcross ... 8 Crompton . 5 R Crompton c Baxley b Baxley b B Pierpoint 9 Crossley l9 Cones 5 B Pierpoint Parrott c Fairclough b B B Pierpoint b Shawcross 34 Pierpoint Ashwell run out War i b Pierpoint 1 Dean b Crompton Brown not out 2 lixtras

Total 35 Total :for 5 wkte) 17S IMooRE V. HYLANDS BROTHERS STAFF.—Played at Moore on Saturday, and resulted in a win for Moore. Score : MOORE. RYLANDS BRCS. STAFF. James Antrobus c Butter- Mortimer b John Banner 0 worth b Plevin l4 Butterworth b James Knight run out James Banner b Barnes ... 0 J Beardsall b James John Banner a and b Antrobus 0 Butterworth l3 Barnes c James Banner b Taylor c Barnes b Plevin 0 J Banner 7 lidwards b Plevin Kilshaw run out 1 Plevin run out 0 Davidson a Belrdsall b Worthington b James Barnes 4 Antrobus _ 0

W—Ant-r-obus b Beardsall... .. 7 Kenyon c Knight b J Smith hit wicket Gandy not out 1 Knott not out Bate run out ....... ..... 0 W Beardeall b James Antrobus Extras 6 Extras

Total 53 Total SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. GormaßNE.—Played on Saturday, on the Wire Mills ground. Score :

GOLBORNE. WIRE MILLS. Entwistle b Cook 8 Williams h Barlow 2 Taylor c Burton b Evans ... 2 Miles h R Hunt Barton b Woodcock Inca c Woodcock b Evans l2 Gough c Inca b R Hunt 5 Hu -st not out Smith b Woodcock ..... ....... 0 Evans not out Dickinson c Booth h Wood- Lavell b Barlow ... ....... cock 2 Burton b Entwist,e Mills b Cook G Hunt run out R Hunt c Burton b Cook ... 5 Booth did not bat Barlow b Woodcock 0 Extras 3 Extras lO

Total 106 Total ST. PAUL'S V. PRODSHANT 2ND XL—Played on the ground. of the former, and resulted in a victory for the homesters Score :

BT. PLUL'S. FRoDSHAM 2ND ar. Forstet lbw Green 65 Booth c seed b Forster ... 5 Seed b Booth 7 Pearson c Houghton b E Mason b Stanway Whittaker b Stanway Lawless run out Baird b Wright ll E Longsbaw C Longshaw b Green 7 Stanway b Forster Lee not out li Longshaw. Houghton, Linaker b Forster 0 Rogez s, did not bat. Green c Baird b Lawless 1 Lina Per b Houghton 6 Chat wood b Houghton Nield not out Extras 6 Extras

Total 5O

===== 0002601_19000817_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Total (for 7 wkts) 120

Innings declared closed.

PETER WALKERS' BREWERY 2:413 V. ARPLEY IST. —This match was pltyed on the A.rpley ground and resulted in .a very easy victory for the latter by 75 runs and four wickets H. Jewkes for the winners bowled well taking Lix wickets for three rims and doing the" hat trick." .i9,!or.

BREWERY. ARE LEY. Knight b H Jewkes Glennon run out 3 Radford b Lawton Baird run out Seed c Taylor b H Jewkes 2 Dirlingf on b Seed ... ..... 4 Lawton c Hughes b H Ty/or not out Jewkes Hackett c Jones b F Jewkes 0 Jolley run out ~ lB Lloyd not. out Cane c Taylor b H Jewkes 0 Rutter c Hughes b H Jewkes 0 Hall b H Jewke.

Cross c Hughes b F Jewlies 1 Extras

Total ll

Total

GRAPPENHALL v. HoUGIS GREEN.—Played at Grappenhall on Saturday, resu ting in an easy win for the home team. Barrows and Lewis batted well for their respective teams. Score :

GR IiPPENHALL. HOUGH GREEN. Jas Burrows not out J Burrows c Cole b Kerry 7 T Lewis c Carter b Warburton c Kerry b Lewis 11 Warburton.-- ......... 17 Ellis b Lewiq I. Mr rtindale a and b

CartAr b Lewis 8 Warburtrn 1 Watson c Sparkes b Lewis 1 Cole c Watson bWarburton 0 Brierley b Lewis Fenton not out 9 Walker c Watson b Warburton 2 Walton b Warburton Risley c Tinkler b James Burrows Boothe Tinkler b Brierley 0 Linaker b John Burrows 7 Sparkes not out 1 Extras 2 Extras .. 1

Total 72

Total

FAIRFIELD V L. AND N.W. (BANz QUAY).—At Fairfield. The visitors made a poor stand against toe howling of Nield, and Boardman. Willi the help of a goo I innings of 17 by Haigh, Fairfield won very easily. Score:—

L AND N.W. FAIRFIELD. J Ball lbw Boardman... 0 N Nield c ,Horrabin b it Dutton b Ni.lcl 4 Johnson 8 T Horrahin b Boirdmsn 0 J Burley b Johnson 3 W Wilkinson b Nield 0 E Haigh c Ball b Woods 17 T Newbold b Boardman 1 GH W Steel std Wilkin- H 0 Kite b Nield 2 son b Johnston 1 J Jenkinson c Steel b AIC Boardman run out 8 Nield J W Travis c Morgan 5 It G Bra ndreth c Horra- Nield C Wcod std Haigh b Nield 0 G Parr b Jenkins WjWarburton b Nield 5 Morgan b Woods . T Johnson not out 0 Wicks c and b Woods ... 0

Young not out 0 Extras

Total l9

Total 52

===== 0002601_19000817_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information of how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousands of genuine unsolicited Testimon ia from all over the World.—P. BLANCHARI Dalston lan London.—Advt.

-

===== 0002601_19000817_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
•

BOWLING.

CONSERVA.TIVE CLUB V. SARA.CEN'S HEAD.

The return match between the above clubs was played on Saturday on the Conservative Club green, the home team winning by 73 points. The first match at the SAracen's Bead resulted in a win for the home team by 20 points, the Conservative Club winning home and away by 53 points. Score :

CONSERVATIVES. SAR A.O TN'S HEAD. H Turner 13 T Heesom 1 2 Jl. aylor J Gittings S Caldwell W Davies ll 1,, R Holland g } 5 J Holland W Wilcock ........ ...... ... 11 k,, J Bosco vr J Lee 2J " J Ince ll R Straw m 11 1,, J Broadhurst G Rotherha ...... ...... 11 J- " C Harrison D Rawling 6} A Griffiths ll 1 11 t 1 J Hesketh J Harrison ll 113 D Ii Watson 6l P Bradburn. W Hill T liorrabin - ''' S Green 131 47

150 104

Conservative doubles and singles Saracen's Head „

Conservatives home and away doubles and singles... 446 6aracen's Head „ ...... 393 If

Majority

Newton Division Bowling Association. EARLE,TOWN V. NORTH ASllToll.—Playod it Eirles- town. score

FARLESTOWN. NORTH ASHTON. J McAtee J Morris 2l J Ramsey P Talbot J Spencer J Spottiswood T Francis J Boon G Jones l4 J Arkwrigbt

141 At North Ashton. Score :

EARLESTOWN. NORTH ASHTON. J Savage lB J Fendlebury A Lomas l3 T Shaw J Barlow J Bedworth A James J Gee 9 CI Davies 2l J Powdl 3 J OunlitTe __ _ . 2i.

J Clough

95 166 • North Ashton Earlestown

Majority for North Ashton 72

===== 0002601_19000817_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

On Friday night the committee of the Runcern Foot- ball Club entertained the players to a supper at the headquarters, Wilson's Hotel, and the function was made the medium of a chat over the position of the club and the prospects for next seasoa. Tue whole of the players have not yet signed oa, but are expected to do so at an early date and practice games c ;mmenced, At the close ofilast sea3on Houghton, tns brilliant full-back seemed inclined to rest on his laurels and retire from the game. The general meeting, however, re-elected him captain by e large majority, and he has now announced his intention to again don the myrtle-green jersey and endeavour to lead the team to emulate the victories of the past. In the Northern Union Cup ties the club has been better drawn than ever before. Should the team have the good fortune to survive, the three first rounds are to b e played at tihome. On last ar's form Wigan ought to fall victima in the first round, and the probable opponents in the second round are Leigh, a match which would furnish a stern struggle with th probablities in favour of Runcorn. Halifax are likely to be the opposine side in the third round,an as the match would be on Runcore soil, the home team ought to win. Considerable alterations are being mide to the ground. The playing Ijtch has been removed about twenty yards hig,her up the field, in order to steer clear of the low lying land on the stand side which in wet weather is often a qulgmire. Toe stand, too, has beeß pulled down. It was tar from up-to-date, and did not provide the accommodation requisite. In its place is being erected a stand of better design, capatle of holding about 800 spectators with comfort, and with more convenient arrangements for the Press, who under the conditions that have prevailed hitherto, were often working in the dark ere the end of a match wae reached, and too often had their view of the game obstructed. These alterations will absorb the greater portion of the balance the committee have at the bank. Toe com- mittee, who behaved very generously to the players throughout, last season, propose to give the players a day at the seaside ere the season opens.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
TO LADIES.

Every female should send at once for particulars of the only genuine inexpensive remedy tor correcting irregularities and obstructions incidental to the EPx. Absolutely the only true, safe and sure remedy for suffer- ing women, will relieve the most obstinate case in a few hours, see testimonials. RUSSELL HARVEY, Windsor House. Windsor Terrace, City Road, London, E.C.

SUMMIR BALE.—W. T. WILLIAMS le now proceed ing : The whole of the Season's stock to be cleared at a " Sweeping Reduction." SANKEY STREET AND- LEIGH-STREET, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council was held at Bewsey Chamb..rs on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Joshua Ball presiding. There were also present :—Messrs J W Knowles,J Dignum,W Houghton, Brooks, T Halton. H Thornton, P Longton, R Forshaw, J C Sutton (clerk), 8 Sutton (assistant clerk), F W Kerfoot (inspector), W B Newcombe (surveyor), Wright (assistant surveyor).

MEDICAL OFFICER'S' REPORT —CASES OF SCARLET FEVER. Dr. SEPHTON wroze from Llandudno saying that he was sorry that he should not be able to attend the meet- ing of the Council, as he should remain at Llandudno uutil Friday. During the month several cases of scarlet fever and diphtheria had been reported from Burton- wood, Three cases of scarlatina had been sent in hospital,and one case of diphtheria proved fatal. Several cases of scarlatina occurred at Hollins Green, and one terminated fatally. Dr. Seegeaut reported that a com- plaint had been made to him about the deposit of manure at Fiddler's Ferry. He referred the matter to the Inspector, who would report thereon.

BRC-010 said he was sorry that Dr. Sephton was not present as there were rumours as regarded the scarlet fever at Hollins Green, that patients were going about peeling. That was the worst thing possible to cause contagion.

It was dee-iJed that Mr. Kerfoot should communicate with Dr. Sephton about the matter aai report at the next meeting.

THE ALLEGED NUISANCE AT FIDDLER'S FERRY.

With r ,fereuce to the depo,,,it ot maaure at Fiddler's Ferry, Mr Kerfoot stated that it was the same old com- plaint. The station master had complained that it took four days to di,charge a boat load ot manure. At present MPEI were very scarce and could not be obtained to dis- charge the manure in a shorter space of time. Mr. Kerfoot read the letter he had sent to the County Medi- cal Officer stating that on Saturday the 21st July the station master Unformed him that another boat load had been deposited and he (Mr. Kerfoot) gave instructions to Mr Warburton, toe owner, to remove the manure. Ho visited the place again on the following Monday and found that Warburton's mea were engaged in carting the, mreure away and it would probably be removed that week.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BURTONWOOD WATER SUPPLY.

Messrs William and Joseph Houghton, the Chapel House, Burtonwood, wrote aa follows :—" We as pro- perty owners wish the water scheme to be carried through Buttonwood. We own several cottages neA. the Board School and have no means of getting water. 'Therefore we think it very desirable that water should be brought through the village." The following letter was read from Mr George Anders:—"l am part owner of nine cottages and a shop at Buttonwood and am put to great inconvenience for a water supply, having t • carry it from a tank belonging to the Collins Green Colliery Company, a m,tter of a quarter of a mile. If your Council Can see their way to carry the Collins Green water supply to Burton wood village, I am sure all pro- perty owners would he benefited and that it would be for the well being of the parish." Mr. FousuAw: I thiuk all the Council can do is to refer the matter to the Town Clerk.

The CLERK said it was for the Council to say whether they could carry out the extension. The Town Clerk would go to the extent they wiqhed him so far as he could go. The Parish Council of Burtonwood had better consider the position as to how far they could advise the Council to act upon the letters. Mr. FORSHAW said ho was very anxious to see the water supply extended to School Brow but still he wanted it to he done in a bisines,-liko manner,so as not to put a burden on the ratepayers. It was decith-d that the Council should obtain the opinion of the Parish Council in the matter and that Mr. Forshaw should bring the subject undur the notice of the last named body.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE FOOTPATHS.

IMIMMEINIP!fi4

The following letter was read from Mr. Frederick Wright, clerk to the Parish Council of Poulton-with- Fearnhead re the footpatb;to Tidy-lane, Padgate. " I placed tne Letter re the above before my Council and I waq instructed to forward no following resolution . That this Parish Council achnowledge the receipt of the Rural District Council's letter and that they very much regret that they are not disirLsed to act in the matter. They request that they may re-consider their decision as toe footpath is tilt only dangerous but bad from a sanitary poiat of view.' " The Surveyor was instructed to inspect the spot. THE SEWAGE FROM WIN WICK ASYLUM. —DEPUTATION FROM THE ASYLUMS BOARD.

A small deputation from the Lancashire Asylums' Board waited upon the Council with reference to the Winwick sewage question. Mr. T. P. NluspaaTr, the clerk to the Board, said that the desire of the Board was that the Rural Distric,-; Council should take the swage from the new asylum either into their own sewers, or by coupling up with the sewers of the Warrington Corporation. They had power to treat the sewage on their own land and turn it into the brook. At the present time they were rated for a sewer which wain use but was of no use at all to them.

The CLERK: Not now Mr. Musoratt. Continuing i; said that s mae sewage on the C )unty Council's land was removed by the Rnral Council and it was found to be too much co he paid for in one half year by the agricultural parisn of Winwiek. That was the only occasion on which they had ever paid a special rate. It must not be forgotten that Winwick was a small agricultural parish and he could assure them that the twopence which was Ic•vied was very hard for the farmers to pay. They asked the Board to pu: them in exactly the same position asthey put the Present Union. From the comtnenceniew of the work at Winwick they were assured that the Board were going to deal with the sewage.

Alderman FRANCOMB (one of the deputation) : I know that was our intention. The Alderman proceeded to refer to the difficulty of them dealing with tpe sewage stating that the sewers in Longford and neighbourhood were blocked when there were heavy rains. The CLERK : AI we ca,i do is to assist you by any consent on our part to what is done or any support we can give to the Asylums' Board in what they propose to carry out.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
A BRILLIANT RUNCORN MEDICO.

The Microbe of Elephantiasis.

The exceedingly important discovery of the parasite of elephantiasis in the mosquito by the members of the expedition of the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine now in Nigeria, recalls the fact that the gentleman in charge of that expedition is one of Runcorn's most brilliant young medicos. This is Dr H. A. Annett, who is not yet thirty years of age. His career has been one, record of successes. Born in Nottingham, in June, 1871, he was a young boy when brought to Runcorn by his father, Mr T. EL Annett, schoolmaster of Trinitya Day Schools; and Dr Annett is re- garded as a native of the town, and the towns- people are greatly proud of hie achievement. A brief narration of his history cannot fail to be inter- esting. After receiving the rudiments of education. under the tutelage of his father, young Annett became a student at Liverpool College, Seaw-street. In 1889 he commenced his medical career at University Colleges Liverpool,having gained the Roger Lyon-Jones entrance scholarship, awarded for two years. Duricie 1891-2 he enjoyed the distinction of winning both the junior and senior gold medals for the subjEcts of the respective years, and else secured the senior Roger Lyon-Jones scholarship,tenable for two years. The following year he won the medal for pathology, and in 1894 he obtained his degree of Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery of Victoria University, with honours. Dr.Annett determined' to devote his knowledge and abilities ,to the important subject of public health,and in 1895 his studies in public health and bacteriology earned him the diploma of pub- lic health granted by Victoria University. Dr. Annett's 'field of operations was greatly widened in 1896. BesideS his training in medicine and in sanitation, Dr. Annett had also qualified himself for 3 university degree of science, and was thus eligible for one of the 1851 exhi- bition scholarships. Her Majesty's Commissioaers in the year named granted Dr. Annett one of these scholar- ships for two years, in order to " study and investigate the relations of the diseases of animals to public health., With characteristic energy and determination, Dr" Annett commenced the task of solving the problem set before him. For six months he studied the infectious diseases of animals at the Royal Veterinary College. London, under Professor M'Fadyean,and than proceeded to Berlin, and there enrolled himself a student at the Royal Veterinary College, and at Professor Koch's Insti- tute for Hygiene and Infectious Disease. Here hygienic problems—chemical, bacteriological, and sanitary—were wrested with, under the guidance of Professor Koch,pro , bably the greatest hygienic scientist of the world. Dr. Annett entered into the field of original research ia regard to ranschbrand (black quarter of cattle), and malignant celeina and braxy of sheep, and in endeavouriog to produce measures which would pre- vent or minimise the ravages of these scourges. Other diseases in animals, including tuberculosis, swine fever, and anthrax were investigated, and German methods of sanitary administratien,especially in regard to milk and meat supplies, also absorbed a portion of the energetic young medical student's time. Returning to England' Dr. Annett, in 1899, was appointed administrator irg, tropical pathology and bacteriology at the Liverpoel 'sschool of Tropical Medicine, where he continued aluanle work of research. A still further scholastic honour was in store for Dr. Annett. At midsummer. 1899, he was made a doctor of medicine at Victoria College, and he was given the highest of university awards, the geid medal, for his dissertad° upon the subject of his work in Germany. In tbe autumn he accompanied Major Ross in his malarial a pedition to West Africa, anu the success which attended that expedition is still fresh in the public mind. In the spring of the present year,the Tropical School determined upon another expedition with the same and in view,and Dr Annett had the honour and responsibility conferred upon him of being placed in command, with the result that a formerly unknown bacillus has been discovered. Dr. Annett has made numerous contributions to medic& literature, displaying great originality and research.

Lova! Order of Ancient Shepherds, All. The annual meeting in connection with the War- rington Juvenile Burial Society and Widow and Orphans' Fund belonging to the above order took place at the British Workman's public-house Horse- market-street on Monday. There was a very fair attendance of members during the evening who seemed to manifest great interest in the whole of the proceedings. Tee meeting was presided over by the President PPCS Frederick Massey, and supported by the Vice-President PC S Thomas Miller, the treasurer PPC S James Parr, and trus- tees P M William Holmes, PPCS Peter Edgar, PPCS William Eckersley. the general secretary Lawrence Weir. The Chairman in opening the proceedings asked to be allowed to extend to all a hearty welcome on the occasion of the 29th annual meeting in connection with the Juvenile Burial Society and the 35th belonging to the Widow and Orphans' Fund. He then referred to the work done during the past year and complimented the mem- bers upon the very substantial gain that had been made during the year's transactions which had ex- ceeded the previous year's gain by some pounds and these gains would continually take place so long as they kept the present machinery they now had. He felt certain all the officers had the interest of the societies at heart. The general secre- tary, in presenting his annual report, showed that the total worth of the Juvenile Society amounted to £2,140 28 8d as compared with .£1,967 is 3d of the previous year, making a gain for the year of £173 is 5d and a total membership of 1,280. The report further showed that the Widow and Orphans Fund amounted to £199 2s 6d as against £204 17s 4d in the previous year, and figures furnished by the secretary for the information of the members of the Juveni:e Society, shewed they had made a steady gain during the past seven years, averaging £l5/ 108 st-el, or a total gain for that period of £1,060 13s 3cl. (Applause.) The auditors P.P.C.•_,. Peter Edgar. and P,M. John Jones in giving in their re- port stated they had examined the various accounts and registers kept by the secretary and also seen and examined the treasurer's and collectors books They had great pleasure in certifying that the same were correct and satisfactory. The bank books, Corporation bonds, mortgage deeds, and vouchers which had been submitted to them for inspection were in perfect order. The manner in which the general secretary and the treasurer performed their respective duties reflected very highly upon those officials, and they could from past experience, assure the members that the societies had in them two excellent officers. The election of officers and committee next took place with the following result :—Bro Th0223a9 Miller, P.C.S., president; 13r1) John Haley, D.P US., vice president; general secretary,P.P.C.S. Lawrence Weir; treasurer, P.P.C.B. James Parr ; trustees, P.M. William Holmes, P.P.C.S, Peter Edgar,P.P.C.S. William Eckersley ; auditor, Bro John Jones, p.m.; committee, Bros John Jones, Joseph Whitlow, john w Sykes, Henry Cook, Samuel Bradshaw, Willian2 Ball, Joseph Adams, George Howard, David Harris, Henry Warburton,James Gresty. The remainder of the business was completed which consisted of several very important matters bearing upon the general welfare of the members. The following members took part in the discussion : Bros William Sckersley, Peter Edgar, John Jones, Peter Kirkham, James Lowe, Samuel Blythe and others, A vote 01 thanks was accorded to the retiring President, P.P.C.S. Frederick .Slassey, for the able and efficient manner he had conducted the business during the past year. Bro Massey, in response, said the kin', teeling displayed towards him that evening ha u rewarded him for his labours, and he assured them he should always be ready to render any assistanc! that lay in his power towards furthering OE society's progress. Vote of thanks to the ChairmaP brought the meeting to a close. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINBRAI" /ADIDS.—Advt

===== 0002601_19000817_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- •

===== 0002601_19000817_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
lEURs.—NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY 120, PORTLAND-STREET, Manchester (Oxford-street end, late of Lever-street). FURS. FASHIONABLE FURS, in Pit and Finish. URS, Middle Profits Saved, SEALSKIN JACKETS.

CIRCULARS IN SEAL, SABLE, MINK. & OTHER FURS. ECKLETS, TIES, TRIMMINGS. MUFFS, 8,:o. e Articles Wholesale Price. Also Alterations—Re- fa k toning of Sealskin Garments and all Other Furs. Repairs. Re-dyeing. Cleaning, &c. IitITLAND-SIT., late of Lever-st.. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19000817_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

AUGUST.

FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 1 25, 255 6 20, 5 35,6 23, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altaar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31, 1 19. a 3 22, a 4 0. a 5 6, a 6 a 7 9, a 9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 65. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 53 23,7 10, 9,45 11 57 1 25, 2 5,5 20,6 22,7 20. 11 34. Sundays 2 68, 10 15,4 5, 11 36 aMondays excepted. bMondays only Birmingham (Midland)-b 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, ro 14, 5 0 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 P.m Blackburn -529, 5,45, 8 35, 956. 11 50, 2 10, 4 50, 6 23, 8 50. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, 2 52, 3 50, 4 50, 6 48, 7,17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 35 6 0. Bolton- 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43, 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 838 p.m. Carlisle-5 29, 5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25, 210. 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 335,9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31,12 24. 12 30 1 40,2 15, 2,20 3 16, 4 22,5 7,6 4,7 54, 8 5, 10 14,11 35 Sundays 8,44 10 36 7,451,3 Collins Green-75. 85, 8 35, 10 10,12 7,12 43,3 40. 5 15, 6 58,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 68, b 3 23, 710, 8 28, 9 45. 11 57, 1 25, 2 5, 5 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15 4 5,11 35.aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 1225. 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 8 5, 10 14 Sundays 8 44. a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, .8 46, 9 58, 11 55, 'll2 55, 3 14, 4 7 50, 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Barlestow n-5 45, 75, 85.8 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 11.10 20,10 55 11 55,12 7,12 251;15, 2 43,3 403 50, 5 15,5 20. P b 8,7 a • 74p, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays.? 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 04 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 55 3 20 615, 6 17, 8-0. 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 80. Frodsham-7 37. 95 10 23. 12 25. 2 20. 3 16. 4 22, 57, 6 4 754 86, 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cbeshire Lines)-7 15. 7 57, 8 31.9 5. 10 5 12 0 15,210 , 4 0 529 75. 80. 5940. dlO 25. 11 39 Sundays 9, 955, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only. bsaturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 57 11 42,12 25, 2 52,4 50 9 55.Sandays 954 Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 1055. 12 25, 1. 15,3 50, 5 2J 7 17 9 55. Sundays 8 43.6 0. Hough Green-7 12, 757. 831, 95, a 9 30, 120, 15, 25. 40. 529 6 0,7 5, 80, 59 40,9 25 alo 25. Sunday 9 0,9 36 11 25,2 39, 9 13. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 7 18 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38.4 11.5 18,6 13, 7 8, a 7 4 5 9 27. Sundays 850, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 51, 5 25. 75, 85, 8 35 9,25,10 55,12 7,12 25,2,43 • 3.405 20. 658, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5 10, 530, 8 35,8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825. 10 9 11 53, 1 55. 320,5 15,6 17.80. 9 13. Sundtys 95, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 26, 120, 113,26, 2 19, 3 37. 4 0. 5 40, 7 5. 8 0, 9 11,9 45, 10 20 11 20 1139. Sundays 9 0, 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39, 710, 828, 918 10 18,10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London kL. & N. W.)-2 68b, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 45,10 29,11 42, 11.57. 2U 5 0,5 15 622,11 34. zundays 2 58, 10 15,45, 11 35, bMondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 9 58. 11 37,12 55. 5 14, 5 0, 6 55, 11 52. Sundays 11 46 a.m., 515 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 05 10 49,12 36, 1 14, 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78. a 7 45, 927 Sundays 8 50. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5. 85, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 4,,10 55,12 18.12 25,1 58.2 39, 2 43 3 32, 4 26:5 32. 6 15,6 53,7 17, 8 8,9 20. 1030. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5,15, 6 0. T 57From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 1 14. 22, 3 38, 4 11,6 13, 78, 9 27, 11 40, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 3 12 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92'9 55 10 55 11 23,11 55, 1255, 1 55,2 55. 3 55, 4 55,5 55. 6 55,7 10 7 55, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 30. 3 15,5 15, 7 13,8 559 25 9 35, 100. Middlewich-7 40, 10 20. 2 555, 5 355.7 20.bSaturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m.

-.Newton-le-Willows- 3 10. 5 45,7 5. 8 5, 8 35,a9 19, 10 20, 1S 40, 10 5512 25, 1 15, 3 32, 3 50. 4 26, 4 SC. 5 20. 6 53.7 17 9 20, 9 55, 10 30. Sundays 843 a m 3 35, 5 15, 6 0,7 57, 9 54a via Kenyon Padgate-7 0,7 65, 8 2, 8 40, 10 35,11 23,12 0 1220, 1 40,3 55 5 23.7 10,8 33, 9 15. Sandayo 8 45, 10 14, 7 44, 5 15, 935 Ireston-5 23, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 42, 12 25, 2 52, 3 50 4 50, 6 48 7 17, 8 50, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 945, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20. 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 Sankey (tor Penketb)-7 15, 7 56. 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10, 253, 4 0,5 29, 6 0, 7 5, 8 0,9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundayr 9 0, 11 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, clio-,days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 1 55, 3 14,5 0. 6 65. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, St Helens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35. R .0, 10 55. 11 55, 12 7 1225, 2 35 3 40. 5 20, 633, 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays 835.8 43.6 0,9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 119 3 22,56, 60, 7 15,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 15, 7 20,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 68,10 49,1236,1 14,2 23, 3 38. 4 11. 518, 613.7 8.a7 45.9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 9 5 10 5, 11 5, 12 0, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,75, 80, 9 25, 40, blO 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 620, 5 15,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wigan- 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,10 55,11 50,12 25, 1 15. 2 10 3 4, 3 50,4 50,5 20. 623,7 17,8 50, 9 40, 9 55, Sundays, 8 43, 335, 6 0. 9 54.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Acton Bridge-6 30. 7 40, 852, 10 57. 120. 3 35, 4 45, 7 20 8 30 Sunday 755. 442. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 26. 12 44, 7 38. 8 24 9 57 Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10 550 720 9 10. 12 25. 2 0 335 5 50,7 25. Sundays 3 10, 12 40, 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42, 850 11 48. 125 2 55, 545. 6 50. 10.51 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o. 11 19 Blackburn--8 30.10 35, 12 30, 1 55, 330, 750 Sundays, 80, 22. 540, 9 13. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 5. 9 55, 10 40. 11 43 1 40. 3 15, 5 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 5 12, Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.10 0,11 25, 1 27, 2 55,4 58. 6 50,5 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 15, 5 0,8 25. Bolton-5 45, 640 7 55, 8 35, 9 10. 10 25. 12 15, 2 15, 415 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only, Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 1 60, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41.aMonitys excepted. Chester-7 25,8 4b. 9 40, 10 12, 10 50, 11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 0 3 50,5 10,5 15. 6 35, 7 35,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30,6 30,6 55 8 10. Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42, 10 24, 11 23. 12. 38 1 8 1 38,2 10, 3 10, 4. 1, 5 313. 6 23, 6 36, 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sunday 8 ICa.m. 7 15.p.m. Crewe-4 55, 60,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 39, 2 25, 250 450 545 640. 85, 90. Sundays 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 21 Da.resbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53. 8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 P.m. Derby-8 12, 935. 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0. 4 47, 75 85, 9 35, Sundays 3 35. '730. 6 22, 6 55, J 35. alixcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 68, 7 13, 8 46, 9 20, 9 45. 10 26, 11 26 ' 1242, 12 50,142. 2 13. 314, 515, 5 52, 6 30 7 33, 88. 9 20, al2 o.Sun3.ays 8 33,9 52,9 5730 0. 3 45.7 24a Saturday only Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 9 43, 12 3, 2 9, 327 54, 6 2.6 54, 9 14, Sundays 8 '42.2 57. S 2. Frodsham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36 , 6 57, 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80,9 0. 9 50, 10 40 10 44, 12 0, 12 56. 2 11, 3 2, 4 56. 57. 5 56, 657. 7 24 9 1 Sundays 8 10.9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Glasgow-49 5, 10 10. 2 0,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 55, 95. iaMon day eTcepted. txolborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 436 5 30, 7 15. 8 99. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103, 1055, 1.9 130. 2.22' 3 16, 5 10, 521. 6 7.7 11,7 38,9 15. Sundays 8 23, 9 20. 3.23 4 55,9 4, 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 359 53,5 5, 50, 11 20 Sundays 1059. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0.1 Latchford-8 14, 8 40, 929.102 11, 16. 1 20. al 45, 213 3 0, 4 22, 55 41. 6 7. 6 49, 7 49, 9 6, 9 42 11 27 SundaysS 23 2.33,7 23. °Saturdays nly. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)-42 .35. 6 0,7 50., 8 0. 8 35.9 25, 11 0.11 50,1 5. 1 30, 420. 450. .35,7 5•8 25, 11 15b. Sunday 40 a ilondays only. biaturdays only. 1 Ov. Via W, d2noe.s6o (1. , N.W.)-6 25, 8 20, 95, 9 50, 12 3), 25 2 40,3 35 4 20, 5 20.6 5,8 30, 1045, ,Sundays 735, 2 10, 7 15 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40,8 20. 8 35,8 40 '9 33 9 38 10 30,10 45. 11 20. 11 50, 12 30, 1 30 1 55, 2 30. 3 40. a 30,4 40 450 5 30,5 36,6 35,7 30,80. 8 40,9 30,10 45 Sunays 7 50, 9 0, 2 30.2 50 4 20 5 30 6 30, 8 33, London (L & N W)-5 15 7 1.0. 10 25 12 15, 2 15 4 15, 5 30 120 Sundays 1-, 0, 5 30, 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 90, 10 5,12 10, 2040, 5 0, 6 45, 915 12 0. Sundays 3 15, 120, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 3 32, 9 20, 9 51, 11 8, 111, a 137, 25. 250 4 14,b5 33,5 t 9,6 41,7 41,8 58 9 33,11 19. Sundays 815,2 25 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 SO, 9 5,9 40 10 45, 1115, J 2 45, 1 5, 1 35, 2 25. 3 45, 4 20. 5 15. 60,75.710.80, 9 20, 10 40, Sundays, 80, 8 30, 90.60, 10 40 Saturdays excepted. !Manchester (London-road)-7 25.7 50,9 25, 10 35, 12 35 1 5a 2C. 340, b 5 5, 520. 65, 7 5, 8 20 8 55. 10 45 Sundays 73t) 40, 630 bSaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 3), a 9 5, 93) 35, 1030, 1035,11 30,12 3032 50 12 30,1 3), 30, 330. 430, 948, 5 30, 6 3u, 6 38, 930 8 33. 1) 0, 11 0. Sundays 4 30,9 10, 9 30. 10 40. 0.2, 2 0.2 6, 635 820, 9 40. a Saturdays niy. Middlewich-6 43, 2 47. 6 6. Moore-6 56.96, 11 9, 12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.Sundays.8 19,4 53 Newton-6 55.7 25. 8 42, 9 8.2,29, 10 9,10 22,11 8, 12 38,12 46, 1 5 1 53, 3, 2,3 7, 4 7,4 51, 510, 535 5 49,6 27,7 30. 8 0, 9 15, 9 55. 11 4.a11 47, Sundays 8 3), 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20. 11 5, Saturdays only. Padgate 7 8, 7 48, 8 26. 90, 10 6 1 14. 25, 5 18 73, 910 11 32. iludays 8 53, 11 16, 2 32.9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 5 50, 90, 9 30 .1115, 11 26, 1 20. 3,4 20. 5 38,6 43. 8 30, 9 45. 10 48. Sundays. 2 9,3 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47 aMondays excepted. Runcorn 839, 019 1015, 1230, 125, 32,440 5 41 6 23 810 9 53. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 37, 10 20, 11 24, 12 33, 140 240, 34, 435, 521, 5 38, 6 22, 7 26, 3 6 9 32. Sundays, 83 / 10 8.3 40, 5 7, 9 28. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 53,7 0, 3 20. Sundays,B 10, 6 10. St. Helps-6 20,6 55, 80, 8 23. 9 15,10 5, 10 55, 12 612 55 1 65, 55. 4 30, 525,6 10. 655, 7 25, 653 1030, Sundays 7 50, 9 35,6 55, 9 5. southport-8 5, 10 10,11 10,12 25.2 10, 2 45, 3 55, 70, 8 5 9 5a 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 6, adaturdays only. Thelwall- 8 10. 8 36, 930. 9 53, 1112, 115, 1 41, 292 55 4 18, 6 37, 6 3 645, 7 45.9 2, 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnes (Cheshire Line)-8 23, 9 25, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25 / 25. 2.30 3 34.4 25; 529, 612, 716 7 58,9 22a 11 40, aSun- days 8 42 3, 33, 5 0, 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays only. Widnes ( L &, N W)- 7 5 8 56, 933. 10 33, 11 55, 12 57, 2 2 32.3 58, 455. 5 55. 6 46, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 754, li2. Wigan- 239,6 33,8 15, 9 26. 9 56. 10 0,11 23, 12 15, 160 3 30 27.4 25, 4 56, sn, 6 5,7 5, 9 0,10 35, Sundays 239 9 43 2 25 6 63, 11 13.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 • w 3-0 „

===== 0002601_19000817_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SUB-OFFICES 1 *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

===== 0002601_19000817_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL Box—_

I:(7,Crow Lane. Newton 1 Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st„ Golborne Legh Street. „

Lowt-on Chapel Lowton Common

(Near Lowton St. Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village ..... Burtonwood (Providence Place) arcels are despatched ir( town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.n time as letters.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DBLIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Prodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorksi,ire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Preseot. Wigan, Or me- kirk Widn 'a. & Earlestow n London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland cilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midland, Northern, Aastern Countice, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W Jolsten, Stockton Heath and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - East Ti Counties

===== 0002601_19000817_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, PRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 190 G

===== 0002601_19000817_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_19000817_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and B_p.m.

7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.. 2_and_7 pm.

8 a.m. and 4-30 P.m.

5, 10 am., 12 noon. 2 & p.m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.33 am. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Ni!. 10-15 a.m. Sil.

om the Receiving Office at Ear!es. n.; from all Sub-Offioes at the saran

S FOLLOWS:-

ITo By I Callers. Postmen. , 7-0 a.m.

7-0 a.m. 13-30 „ 10-45 ~ 111-30 .. }ll-45

11-30 a.m.

V 12-0 ,

12-15 p.rr .

245 1 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
DELIVERY BOOKS, RECEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

TO TRADESMEN, MANUFACTURERS,

JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EX.ISIIIER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FEHMib

===== 0002601_19000817_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I Extra 'id. Stamp

===== 0002601_19000817_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 am

===== 0002601_19000817_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
3-13 a.m.

6-5 a.xn.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAME OIL Lights Brilliantly! Lubricates Perfectly! It has many incomparably Good Points, which will soon impress them- selves upon you if you give the Oil a trial.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TO SUPPORT HE INFIRMARY.

The Forthcoming Fancy Dress Parade and Carnival.

The arrangements for the fancy dress parade and carnival which is to be held on Saturday the 25th just, to augment the funds of the Infirmary,are now in full swing. Strenuous efforts are being made in order that the event shall prove a success, and it is hoped to realize not less than £2OO. The procession will leave the Town Hall at 5.30 pin and proceed along Sankey-street, Rutter- market-street, Irlam-street, Church-street to the lamp opposite the Parish Church, and then along Mersey-street, Bridge-Areet, Horsemarket- street, Winwick-street, Tanners-lane, Froghall-lane, Priestly-street, Powys-street, Liverpool-road, Bank Quay Bridge, Parker-street, Wilson Patten-street, Bold-street, Palmya Square to the Town Hall. The following organizations have promised to take part in the parade :-Ist Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment Cycle Corps, Warrington Cycling Club, Warrinzton Royal Cycling Club, War- rington Thursday Cycling Club, Padgate Cycling Club, ‘Vidnas Cycling Club, Widnes Wheelers Cycling Club, Warrington Cricket Club, Warrington Rugby Football Club, Warrington Association Football Club, Warrington Harriers, Sankey Harriers, members of the Gymnasium, St. John Ambulance Brigade, Warrington Fire Brigade, local Friendly Societies, and most of the local brass bands. All cyclists in fancy dress are invited, and valuable prizes will be offered for the best " get- ups." At a meet'ng of the Committee on Thursday evening, Mr H Ashton was appointed chief marshal. The Mayoress called a meeting of young ladies willing to collect which was held on Monday. It is proposed to have 500 collectors and the public generally are requested to assist in maintaining order, and particularly in protecting those ladies who are collecting. The demonstration will un- doubtedly exceed anything of the kind previously attempted in the town and it is to be hoped the funds of the Infirmary will be materially benefited by it.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECENT RAINFALL :IN WARRINGTON.

Interesting Figures.

We are indebted to the Borough Surveyor (Mr. T Longdin) for the following interesting figures re- lating to the recent heavy rainfall in IVarrington. It appears that from 9 a.m. on August 2nd to 9 a.m. on the following day, 489,055 tons or equal to 109,537,120 gallons of water fell on the area of the Borough ; and that between 3.25 p.m. and 410 p.m., or within 43 minutes on the 3rd of August, 343,330 tons or equal to 73,149,130 gallons fell. This is a phenomenal fall of rain in the Borough. It is calculated by the best authorities that 75 per cent, of this water passes away through the sewers, The rainfall this month up to the Btn inst. has been 4'16 whilst in the corresponding period of last year it was only .12.

WEEKLY REPORT REPORT OF THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

Week Ending Saturday, August 4th, 1900. Durim: the week the following births and deaths were registered : _ .

Births. Deaths. .Warrington Registration_ District 51 20

The excess of births over deaths was 34

The Birth Rate was equal ta 43.2 per I,oog. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 16.0 per 1,000, against 160 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 171 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 4 8 per 1,000, against 2.4 the average rate of the previous four weeks, and against 72 the corresponding period of 1899. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. Total. 7 5 1 6 1 20

The deaths included :-2 from whoopi-g cough. 4 from diarrhcea, 3 from phthisis, 3 from lung diseases, 1 from heart disease, 1 from influenza, 6 from all other causes.

The:Vollowing case of infectious disease has been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, one case. Total number of patients in hospital week ending Saturday,?August 4th. 8.

_ METEOROLOGY—The mean temperature was 60.5 Fah., and therefore 55 Deg. lower than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 76F., was recorded on the 30th July and the minimum temperature 50 F.. on the 30th July The Rainfall measured 3'75 inch. The general direc- tion was S.W.

JOHN H. GOIINALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Presentation at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Sunday School.

There was an interesting gathering at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Sunday School after the closing of the school on Sunday afternoon, when the teachers and elder scholors remained behind to make a presentation to Mr. Prank Light on his re- tirement from the duties of secretary in conse- quence of his removal to Wakefield. The presenta- tion consisted of a handsome Gladstone bag bearing the inPcription "Presented to Mr. Frank Light by the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Sunday school for his faithful services as secretary. August 12, 1900." Mr. W Brough and Mr. S. Blythe, the superintend- ents of the school, made the presentation, and spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Light's services and of his devotion to the work. It was with deep regret that they parted with him but they were glad to know that his prospects in life were brightening, and in his new duties at Wake- field they wished him :very possible success. Short speeches were also made by Mr. R flighley, Mr R Sudlew, Mr J Corrodine and Mr P Taylor.—ln ac- cepting the gift, Mr. Light thanked the subscribers for their present and also the speakers for the kind and:encouraging words they had given utterance to. He was exceedingly sorry that circumstances had rendered it necessary for him to sever his connec- tion with the school. It had been a pleasure to him to take a share in the work and he would carry through life a pleasant recollection of the hours spent in S.aukey Bridges Wesleyan Sunday b'chool.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000817_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

===== 0002601_19000817_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OP TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses ard clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to Aight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from v:hatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and 81000 Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary 'filous. It is the only real specific for Gout and EheumaVe Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and ones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and a. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN' AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG OMPANY LINUOL N. Beware of worths ' %felons.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
- _ ,

11, -..!. ,I ' • , 11,1 I 0 , ...it! t iil ~, ~.., , 1 -

===== 0002601_19000817_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
00000000•000.00006000•0000000000000000011

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••0•••

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

e' • •., , ~,, 9 .., I • ~ I 0 7. • C fIA ... PILLS

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
cncrs-o-z-o- -6- u 6 -6 (CO 6 C 6 6-15-6-6-21-615 613 .., Nothing steadies the nerves 1 and clears the brain like, a strong cup of F3YMINGTOITS Edinburgh Coffee Ess3nce, In bottles from all Grocers. So 82 C. 2.9.2-9-0 2.9.3211A5M1 --

===== 0002601_19000817_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

rgi r" This successful and highly ERAPIO'N. poptslar remedy, as eta. ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Hicord Hostan.Jobert„. Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots. t lotches. pains sod swell- ings of the joints, kidney, Wadder, r.nd urinary diseases. stricture, disenarges, piles, grsvel. pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustionosleeplessness,neryous and physical debility. etc. Tiserapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according t. 3 dlseassa for which intended. Full p rtieolars send stamped adiressed envelope for phamphlet to

MR. IL JOHNSON, 43. HOLFORD-SQUARE. LONDON, W.O.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. MAKES STARCHED LINEN LIKE NEW.

THE GREATEST BOON ever of- c;ered to the Laundress 'lr imparting an Ivory inish t o Starched Alien. Laces, etc. & icea not stick to spider- - like materials. Ince tried alwayti anted. Used in the loyal Laundrie s. ..hould he used In Starch Sellers in Packe:s, at CHITCHIA,Y, Blackburn.

rn, , Pd. red otl T,

PURVEYORS BY APPOINTMEN

TO HER MAJESTY E QUEEN.

C' 1 r ,it. ITCH ft tyss. ff; . _:,.. C.:.,. ..-.... . L '' - . . i;,,:e wi &TAR c.it 01.11 s ~, 0, s . . . , ~..., ..t....4.. ~.i . ....' SI every house. Sold by most by 3d., and 63. Pre)

JEWSBURY AND , BROWNS . . ARDWICK GREEN, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
- "deiriTy. ..eIIIBII.IIIIW. L .

-

===== 0002601_19000817_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
pri- • , , 1.k.,;,10,•:. •

===== 0002601_19000817_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Le

===== 0002601_19000817_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19000817_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4-

===== 0002601_19000817_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
,

;. ' , , r ..:, r - ,S!

c ‘, tj............_........' ' ''''' ' - 7' , • "*"'t..."-**-'

j

===== 0002601_19000817_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
I: , . , ', ,3,.. ,i ,: ' it

===== 0002601_19000817_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19000817_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter to the Obitcr.

The Handy Man. 1 Dear sir,—Eagland feels that she owes a deep debt of gratitude to her Seamen and Royal Marines for their gallant deeds in South Africi, and now again in China. Whenever there is a scrimmage, ashore or aft )at, Jac and Joe are in for it, and never come out second best. Vast sums of money have been raised for wives, orphans, and mothers, and although great energy is expended in the administration of these funds, there must still be missing links. Your paper is widely read, and the eye of some Rervice man may light upon this letter. He knows fu'l wel that my heart is ever with our men of the Navy and those dear to them, and I only want to know of a case of distress unrelieved to get that case helped. I ask my service friends and others to let me know of any unrelieved and deserving oases, and I will do my best for them. While much is done for widows and mothers, but little is done for Jack and Joe. Tke Naval Brigade are the fortunate fellows, but every day men are invalided out of the Service— without work, without pension, in weak health, and often with insufficient clothing. This state of affairs has only to be known to be remedied. Help for a few weeks would set many a bluejacket or marine, worn by sickness, on his feet again. A. warm suit of clothes on invaliding would be a boon to many a man on leaving the hospital for civil life ; and small sums of money can be wisely expended in paying the railway fare of mother or wife to enable her to look once more into the face of the dying son or husband, and to hear his last words. I am ready to do all this for our men—for richly do they deserve it—in their time of weakness and sorrow.— Yours very truly,

AGNES E. WESTON.

Royal Sailors' Rest, Portsmouth.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

CHINA. The Allied Forces Reported at Pekin,

SHANGHAI, WEDNESDAY.

The " Daily Express" says the Allies are reported to have reached Pekin on Monday. Chinese official news confirms this statement, but there are no details.

PARIS. WEDNESDAY NIGHT.

The" Agence Nationale" have received informa- tion to the effect that the international army has reached Pekin.

A Chefoo telegram, dated the 14th, published in the "New York Journal" on Thursday morning, says :—I learn from thoroughly trustworthy Chinese sources that the allies reached Pekin on Monday. I hive every reason to believe that the allied armiee forced an entrance, and that th e foreigners in Pekin were rescued to-day.

The Allied Advance Successfuli Chinese Flying. Enemy Abandoning Guns.

AUGUST 9TH, (VIA CHEFOO, AUGUST 13TH).

The enemy have retreated from their position at Ilushiwa. Our f3rward march is now practically unopposed. The Bengal Lancers and Japanese Cavalry continue to lead the advance. They are in close contact with the enemy, and pressing him hard. The Chinese are flying before our cavalry charges and have been severly punished in the pur- suit. Their losses are . great. The enemy have abandoned many guns, which have fallen into our hands. The heat is intense. Notwithstanding this we are making forced marches. We are all suffer- ing terribly.

Double, Execution at Armley Gaol At nine o'clock onThursday morning Tom Mellor, for child murder at Holbeck,and Charles Backheuse. for shooting a policemen at Swinton, were hanged at Armley Gaol. Billington was the executioner, No reporters were admitted to witness the execu- tion. The morning was gloomy, but a crowd assembled in front of the gaol to see the black flag hoisted.

YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. Close of Play Scores. LANCASHIRE v SURREY:—Surrey, 398 for 9. GLOUCESTERSHIRE v YORKSHIRE:—GIouces tershire, 101. Yorkshire. 203 for 6. NOTTS v MIDDLESEX.—Middlesex, 468 for 7. HAMPSHIRE: v WORCESTERSHlRE—Worces- tershire, 386 for 9. ESSEX v WARWICKSHIRE :—Warwickshire. 392 for 4. SOMERSETSHIRE v KENT. :—lieut. 283, for 7.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

The Elands River Garrison Official Despatch.

The War Office issued the following official des- patch at eleven o'clock on Wednesday night From Lord Roberts to the Secretary of State of War. PRETOEM, TUE MAY. Colonel Helyar, who was reported missing on 31st July, was, I regret to say, murdered by the Boers. His body was found yesterday by Colonel Hickman, and is being brought here for interment. Two men believed to ba the murderers will be trio I by curt martial. The small force at Elands River Station, which i t was feared,as stated in my telegram of the Bth inst., had been captured b 7 the en emy,was holding ow; on the 10th inst., on which date Colonel awe was able to despatch a messenger, who reached Mafeking yesterday. There had been sixty-seven casualties. A lieutenant of the Queensland Mounted Infantry was the only officer killed. Carrington has been ordered to proeeed at once to Zeerust, and lan Hamilton has been informed of the necessity of affording Hon assistance as soon as pas- sible. .

Hamilton's mounted troops should be less than forty miles from Elands River Station this afternoon. He reports that Lieutenant F G Newton, Queens- land Mounted Infantry, was wounded in the nigh ! on the 12th inst. ; severe, but bone not broken. No fresh news from Methum or Kitchener, who are reported some distance from the telegraph line.

Clery reports tint twenty more burghers surren- dered to him yrsterday.

The Pursuit of De Wet.

KRUGERSDORP. THURSDAY. De Wet has crossed the railway and is making north to jiu Delarey, who holds Rustenburg. His force is already reported to be beyond Ventersdorp. Lord Kitchener, with other Generals, is pursuing, and pressing him bard. The Orange River Colony is now clear of the enemy. except for a small force under Olivier in the neighbourhood of Heilbron, General Buller and General French have joined hands. Opposing Hunter's Advance. Boers Forced to Retire. Hunter's match north was opposed south of Heilbron by the Boers, who held Spitz Kop with six guns. The British, however, forced the enemy to retire. Good Results of Buller's Advance. TWEYELAAR, WEDNESDAY. General Buller's force has reaohed here. The opposition in the south-eastern corner of the Trans- vaal has been broken by the surrender of the Staaderton commando.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
"With Lord Bobs at Ladysmith."

Messrs. F J Norman and W Timmins, sat in judgment at the Court House, Runcorn, on Tuesday evening upon one James McDonald, a one-legged pedlar of unfixed residence. The charge against the prisoner was that of going about endeavouring to procure charitable dona- tions by certain fradulent proceeding. Sergeant Samuel Gregory testified to the prisoner calling at his house 14, Lightburn-street, and tolling a story about being in- valided home from South Africa where he had been serving "with Lord Roberts, at Ladysmith." Witness believed the story and parted with 2i. Gregory was wise enough, however, to enquire whPrs the self styled hero was putting up and was told at Mrs Kelly's, Fryer- at. Now as is well-known Sergeant Gregory knows every- body in Fryer-street, and the name sounding unfamiliar to him he hastened to asce:tain whether Mrs Kelly did reside in that locality. He found it was not so, and pursuing his enquiries further learnt that prisoner had been to Sergeant Instructor Callaghan and told a similar story. Sergeant Callaghan asked for the man's discharge, but it was not forthcoming. Still the generous instruc- tor parted with certain coppers out of wunpassion.— Prisoner admitted to the Bench that he had been going about telling a lot of lies, but that he had only done so as a kind of joke, inasmuch, as there was so much war knocking about that it was the only thing that would take at the present time and he did it to excite sym- nattiv.—lt further transpired that the man had lost his leg in a reaping machine.—The Chairman described the offence as a despicable one, for the prisoner's conduct was likely to prevent those really deserving men who came home incapacitated from the war, from receiving anything in the form of charity. He would be sent to prison for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY NOTES.

Captain Staveley, RA., who letely gave up the post of Staff Captain for Royal Artillery in this district to go to South Africa has been promoted Major in the Royal Field Artillery. Second Lieutenant Johnston just appointed to the South Lancashire Regiment on getting his com- mission from the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, joins the details of the Ist Battalion of 40 regi- ment.

In consequence of Captain Waters of the 2nd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment being placed on half-pay owing to ill health there is now a vacancy for a Captain in the regiment. Lieutenant Woods is the senior subaltern of the corps and he now obtains promotion to the rank of Captain in t' e South Lancashire Regiment. Lieutenant Woods has been over eight years in the corps. He was appointed second lieutenant in January 1892, and promoted lieutenant in October 1894. Lieutenant M. A. Ord will also, it is expected, be promoted captain in the South Lancashire Regi- ment. He joined the army the same time as Lieut. Woods and was promoted lieutenant in November 1894.

Co!onel Macfie, C.B , commanding the 3rd Volun- teer Battalion Liverpool Regiment at Southport has retired from the service atter being at the head of the corps for the long period of 20 years having been appointed Lieutenant-Colonel of the old 13th Lancashire R.V. as far back as July 1880. fie was recognised as one of the most capable of the Lanca- shire Volunteer commanding officers and general regret is expressed that he has had to sever his con- nection with the cDrps of which he was so long the chief.

Nlajor J. Formby, another well-known Lancashire officer, has been promoted Lieutenant Colonel and appointed to command the corps at Southport in succession to Colonel Alacde, C.B. Lieutenant Colonel Formby, has been many years in the batta- lion and has been Major second in command for over 15 years, having been advanced to field rank in February 1885. Captain W. J. Rigg, will also, it is expected be promoted major in the 3rd Volunteer Battalion Liverpool Regiment, and will become second in command of the corps. He has been over ten years in command of a company becoming Cap- tain in February, 1890.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS LICENSING OBJECTION

AT ST. HELENS. A Sprinter's Application.

At St. Helens, on Tuesday, John Banks, a well-known sprinter in the district,applied fora temporary authority to carry on the Nancy Inn, Pocket Nook-street, lately kept by John Whitfield. Inspector Steele, in the absence, of; Chief Constable Wood, obj.cted to the license oh curious grounds. Anticipating the objection, Mr E. W. Swift, solicitor, who appeared for applicant, said he understood the objection was that Banks had been a running man who had participated in races. He did not know if there was a suggestion that Banks was a betting man ; but he had been isstructed that he was not friendly to gambling men, and there was no reason to suppose he would attach them to the house if the license were granted. Inspector Steele said he objected to the temporary authority being granted on the groand that applicant's occupation and his associates rendered him an unsuitable person to hold a license. He had been a race-runner, and the nature of his employment late brought him into contact with betting men. He (Mr. Steele) had no objection to running so long as it was conducted apart from betting and gambling ; but it was almost invari- ably associated with those vices, and he contended that if the license were granted the house would be a place ef resort for betting men. a Applicant gave evidence in support of his case, and said he was twenty-eight years of age, and had served his thus at Pilkington's, afterwards going to act as bar- man for John Fletcher at the Railway Hotel. He stayed there three or four months, and then went to Smith's mineral water works: After that he wet back to the Railway Hotel for three or four years, and had since been at the Rifle Corps Ina. It was two years since he gave up running. Inspector Steele said if the magistrates wished to go into the case he would like to call evidence. The BEl:let' decide I that, as a special transfer sessions will be held in a fortnight, the matter should be ad- journed to then. Mr. Swift agreed to this course.

Good. Templars' .Convention.

The half-yearly meeting of the No. 1 Convention, South-West Lancashire, of the Independent Order of Good Templets was held on Saturday in the Co- operative Hall, Leigh. Representatives and visitors were present from lodges in Warrington, Earlestown. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Leigh, Tyldesley, Sutton and St. Helens. Bro G Clarke, C C T (Earlestown), opened the proceedings, and after the appointment of the Press and Credential Committees, Bro Morris Jones. district secretary (Liverpool), took the chair. Bro Clarke, UC T, read the .quarterly report, which showed that good *ork was being done throughout the Convention area, open-sir meetings having been held at Warrington, St. Helens, tEarlestown and Haydock. The Secretary's report showed a slight decrease in membership. Bro E Newman, Earlestown read the Treasurer's report, showing a small balance in hand. Sister Mrs Woods, CSJ T (Earlestown), reported 1 that th3re had been a decrease of 21 members among the juveniles, but the prospects were brightening, as one new temple had been instituted at Warrington, and another was about to be formed at the same I place. The election of officers was then proceeded I with, and resulted as follows :—C CT, Bro G Clarke, Earlestown ; C Coun, Bro Kirwin, Leigh ; CV T, Sister Mrs Sheath, Warrington; CS J,T Sister Mrs Woods, Earlestown; C BS, Bro Brooks, Leigh; C Sec, Bro E Newman, Earlas- town ; C Treas. Bro Speakman, Ashton-in- Nlakerfield;C Chaplain, Bro J Parr. Leigh; C Marshall Bro J Sheath, Warrington; C D M, Sister Lockett, Tyldesley;C Guard,Bro II J Price,Sutton; C Sentinel, Bro Wright, Warrington; C Messenger, Sister Mrs Howard, St. Helens. ' The Leigh members were thanked for the arrangements made for the session. after which the members sat down to a substantial tea. A public meeting was afterwards held in the same room, There was a large attendance, Bro Brooks, CE S (Leigh), presiding. An address was delivered by Bro J Parr,Leigh;and songs and recita- tions were given by Bro Clarke, Earlestown; Bro Hobson, Leigh; Sister sheath, Warrington ; and Sister Walls, Leigh.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Gospel Hall.

On Sunday, the service was conducted by Mr. F. Broadhurst -who spoke on the offerings of Cain and Abel, (Gen. 4 145). This incident he said, was one of the most important in the lives of Cain and Abel. They had doubtless heard of their father's fall and separation from God's presence, also of the promise given of a Deliverer and how sacrifices must be offered to make them accept- able before God. The story told had given them the desire to make offerings to become accepted,the day had at last arrived. Cain's was a beautiful offering, every- thing perfect and pleasant, the result of hard toil and he felt proud of it and brought it forward exultingly, comparing very favourably with the simple childish offering of his despised brother, a wee spotless lamb. lie forgot one little thing though. The source of his offering was cursed on acclunt of sin. He brought to God a cursed thing, never acknowledging his own guilt and unworthiness to approach God. It was rejected. Man to-day brought his own self-righteouness and good works for God's acceptance but nothing short of God's Lamb,the Lord Jesus Christ,who died for us,cou4l make us acceptable and fit to spend EternityA the Paradise of God.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.

EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

EARLESTOWN PRIMITIVE METHODISTS. Special services in connection with the anniver- sary of the above C iapel was held on Sunday. The pulpit was occupied by the Rev. W. H. Davenport, and there were fair congregations. Special hymns and anthems were sung by the choir,and collections were made in aid of the Trust Funds. POLICE CASES. At the Newton-le-Willows Police Court, before Colonel Wood, on Monday morning, John Alker was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Earles- town on Saturday, and was fined 2s 61 and costs.— W. Woods was also charged with a like offence at Newton on Friday. and was fined 23 61 and costs. At the Newton Police Court on Tuesday before Nlr T. J. Gillespie, Charles Jones, hawker, and Benjamin Gentle, gipsy, were charged with being drunk in Newton on Monday, and were fined 2s 6d and costs each. MESSRS. MCCORQUODALE AND CO's. EXCURSIONS. The annual excursions promoted for the benefit of the employees of Messrs. McCorquodale and Co. at Newton took place on Saturday in beautiful weather. A couple of trains left for Blackpool at 5.55 and 6.ls,conveying about 1,150 passengers and about 500 left for Liverpool ail 630. The excursion- ists for Blackpool found that popular resort pretty well crowded, and much inconvenience was suffered in attending the various places of amusement, and the piers. Despite this they thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and after a most pleasant day they left Blackpool at 9.48 and 11.28,the second train reaching Earlestown and Newton shortly after one o'clock on Sunday morning. Those who took the shorter trip Ito Liverpool, passed their time in rambling about the city; whilst a very large number betook them- selves to New Brighton, Eastham Szc, where they enjoyed themselves equally as much as those who travelled to Blackpool. GOOD TEMPLARY. The Hope of Earlestown Lodge meeting was held in Wargrave Hall, on Monday.—Bro. Woods, L.D., presiding. Circular received " Good Templar 1 Orphanage," Sunbury-on-Thames; notice of District Lodge to be held at Liverpool ; invitation accepted to visit the Ashton Onward Lolge on September 12th.—Bro. Newman gave the report of No. 1 Con- vention held at Leigh.—The Secretary's report showed that while there had been a slight decrease owing to the light nights and the fine weather, the programme had been carried out. Three open meet- ings had been held and three members initiated.— Toe report of the S.J.T., showed that good work had been done, the programme having been ably i carried out, and thanks were due to those who had so ably assisted. An open-air meeting having been ' held on the market, a visitor briefly addressed the Lodge. It was resolved that the lodge be open to friends on the visit of the mission choir. The pro- gramme was" A night with Ireland," Bro Woods responsible. Song, " Killarney," Sister Woods; reading," Patsy among the Spirits," Bro Woods; reading by Bro Driug ; piano solo, Bro Willis.— Sister Newman read a letter from a friend in South Africa, humorously describing his experiences and observations in Pietermaritzburg. Owing to the lateness of the hour, several items were left over, a vote of thanks being accorded to Bro. Woods and the lodge was closed by Bro. Cutler, C.T. THE EARLESTOWN HombAYs. This week Earlestown wears a somewhat deserted appearance, owing to the holding of the annual holiday. Practically the holidays commenced on Friday evening last, with the closing of the Vulcan Foundry and Messrs. Slee and Co.'s Works, until next Monday. It was originally intended that the holidays should commence generally on Tuesday night, August 14th, for the remainder of the week, but the Vulcan men were not satisfied with four days and insisted upon the full weak, consequently they broke away from the arrangement. The Viaduct Works, and Messrs T and T Vicars adhered to itand their respective works closed on Tuesday night for the week. On Tuesday night until nearly midnight, Queen-street, Earlestown, presented an unusual appearance, the approaches to the station being on some occasions during the night crowded with people loaded with boxes and portmanteaus, all bent on hurrying away from the scene of their labours. Of course the majority were from the Viaduct Works, the men there by reason of the quarter fare privilege being enabled to betake tnemselves longer distances. Dublin, North Wales, London, Paris, and even Killarney were the ob- jectives of those who sought the train on Tuesday night. Many got away to Blackpool, but a big crowd waited until Wednesday morning before journeying to tht. Lancashire seaside resort. There were many left behind who could not make it con- venient to go away for any lengthened period, but even they took advantage of the holidays and Southport,Liverpool,Manchester,and New Brighton saw a large number of Earlestown people. By a stroke of good fortune fine weather has favoured the holidays, and consequently the enjoyment of them will be much enhanced. The holidays have been eagerly looked forward to, and it is confi- dently anticipated that next year, the full week will belgenerally given.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A CHILD DROWNED AT ST. HELENS.

The body of a cnild named Forshaw, aged seven, son of a collier, living at Newton-road, St. Helens, was re- covered from the St. Helens and Sankey Canal on Tuesday morning. On Monday, the child was sent home from Blackbrook School unwell,but never reached home. It was the child's mother who discovered the body in the canal, and it la presumed that while playing on the bank the boy fell in. THE FATAL FALL AT ST. HELENS.

Mr. S. Brighouse county coroner, held an inquest at S. Helens Town Hall. on Monday, on the body of Catherine Glynne, wife of William Glyane, a chemical labourer, of 66, Bold-street, St. Helens, who died on Thursday last. On the 2nd instant Mrs Glynn° was in the yard of her house, when she slipped aril fell. Her ,njuries included a fractured arm. D. Cotton attended her, but she gradually sank and expired, as stated.—A verdict of" Accidental death" was returned. THE FATAL ACCIDENT IN SHERDLEY PARE, Sr. HELENS. On Monday, Mr S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at the Railway Hotel, Thatto Heath, S: Helens, on the body of John E iward Fitz tkerley, eight years of age, son of Thomas Fa tkerley, farm bailiff for Ciptain Michael Hosthes, of Sherdley Hall, who was killed in Sherdley Park. on Friday. The boy was running along one of the roads when he tripped over some newly-cut grass at the side, and fell with his heal under the wheel of a lorry which was moving along. The wheel passed over his head, and the boy expired shortly afterwards. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death." A DISPUTED _WATCH TRANSACTION AT Sr. HELENS.

At the St. Helens County Courc on Monday his Honour Judge Goldthorpe beard a case in which Max Cohen, Limited, of Manchester, claimed £5 173 from Joseph Alen, a workingman, of Higher Parr-street. D3fendant hal obtained a watch from the plaintiffs at a cost of £6 15, to be repaid at 3s a fortnignt. ff had only re- paid 183, leaving the balance claimed. IMendant said he hid the watch valued, and it was only worth £2 15s at the outsid?. He was willing to forfeit the 18i he had paid if the plaintiffs would take the watch back. Plain- tiffs refused the offer. In reply to the judge,defendant said he had a wife and three children and earned 253 per week. His Honour coasiderel he had been very foolish in Vie matter, and ordered the payment of ths amount claimed at 2s 61 a month. FOOTPATH DISPUTE AT ST. HELENS.

At the meeting of the St. Helens Highways Committee on Wednesday afternoon, the Deputy Town Clerk (Mr. Rawlinson) reported correspondence that had passed between the Town Clerk and Mr Campbell, agent of Captain Michael Hughes, of Sherdley Park, with regard to a notice board that had been erected by order of the latter gentleman. The notice-board warned the public against taking vehicles, bicycles, or perambulators along a footpath leading from Mill-lane to Green-end. The Town C:erit pointed out to Mr. Campbell that the foot- path was a public one. and Mr. Campbell then replied that he had not disputed that the footpath was public. On the Town Clerk suggesting that the notice should be taken down, Mr. Campbell stated that as the board was erected by the special orders of Captain Hughes, he asked the Committee to wait until that gentiem In's return from South Africa. The Town Clerk agreed to this course.and the Committee confirmed his action. THE FATAL ACCIDENT AT A HAYDOCIC COLLIERY.

On Monday, Mr. S. Brighouse, culty coroner, held an inquest at the Waggon and Horses Hotel, Haydack; on the body of Robert Boardman. 44 years of age, of 8, Walker-street, St. Helens, who died in the Haydock Cottage Hospital, on Thursday last, from injurios re- ceived on the 2nd inst at the Princess Pit, owned by Messrs. Richard Evans and Co. Mr. H. Hall, the Government Inspector of Mines, was present, and Mr. Peace representel the firm, It was stated thal on the date named Boardman attempted to Enter a descending cage before it was brought to a standstill, and he was badly crushed about the head and shoulders. No , one witnessed the occurrence, to which attention was ! drawn by Boardman's screams. Evidence was given that no one had a right to enter a cage whilst it was in motion. John Hughes, the signalman at the shaft bot- tom.was temporarily away when the accident happened. The jury, in returning a verdict of" Accidental death," cautioned Hughes that he ought not to leave his post under any circumstances when men were waiting to ascend the shaft.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER

THE CLOCK, BRIDGH-STREET. -Advt.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Important Business.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the B3ard RO3Ol at the Work- house on Wednesday. Mr. A J Jolley presided, and there were aso present :—Mrs Clay, the Rev W H Drummlni, Dr Patterson, Messrs Hickman, T 111 Ash- croft, E L Bent, J Billinge, A Brooks, John Clarire,John Dignum, S Davies. R Forshaw, Henry Hibbert, William Houghton, Alfred Jolley, T B Malkin, G Pilling, H Toon:3ton, J C Sutton (clerk), 8 Sutton (assistant clerk), C a Ward (Master), D A Wright (Superintendent ot Padgate Schools).

===== 0002601_19000817_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFTS.

The MA9TER reported t'iat he had received a quantity of fhwers from the Ragged School Cnapel and froda Ponketh Caapel, by Mr. Robert Garnett's man. He had also received a parcel of looks for the use of the in- mates from Mr. Ctarles G McDowell, Rylands-street ; flowers from Mrs T H Lyons. of Appleton Hall, each week ; flowers and fruit from Mrs Crosfleld, Walton Lea ; the Rev H V Pigot, Stockton Heath ; also from S. Paul's Church and St. Barnabas' Church ; and papers from the Rev E R Tarbuck, Mrs Halton, Great Sankey ; and Mr Ashcroft. guardian. THE ADDIrIONS TO THE BOROUGH.

rse CLERK reported receipt of the following letter from the L3cal Government Board:—" I am directed by the Local Government Board to request that you will be vod enough to insert in ths enctosed statement par- ticulars as to the rateable value according to the valua- tion lists in force at Lady Day, 1887, of the portions of the Parishes iii Warrington, Latchford, and Poulton- with-Fearnbead which were added ta the Borough of Warrington in 1890 and 1896 respectively, and that you will retransmit tne statement at your earliest conveni- ence. The hibernation is required in connection with certain calculations to be made respecting the estimated share of the borough in the grants discontinued under the provisions of the L3cal Government Act, 1888." The Clerk added that the information had been sent to the Board.

AGED DESERVING POOR. INTERESTING CIRCULAR FROM THE LOCAL GOVERNHENT BOARD.

The CLERK said he had received front the Local Government Board a circular letter dealing mainly with the question of the removal of children feom the Work- lentlle and the provision of homes for the aged deserving poor. The letter, after stating that the question of the removal of imbeciles must be deferred for the pres- ent, proceeds as follows :—"The removal of children, whice was also rec3mmeaded by the Committee, hes been still more strongly urged upon the B card. It is a question on which public opinion is undoubtedly in accord with the me )mmendation of the Committee. and I am directed to urge upon Boards of Guardians to let no opportunity pass of carrying such an arrangement into effect. Tno opportunity will frequently arise when there is a question of enlarging the infirmary wards of the work- house, or of increasing the accommodation in some other respect, and when it may be felt that the wisest course would be to provide the extra accommodation needed by removing the cnildren altoeether fro n the workhouse,. In connection with this point the Board may observe that by the provision of cottage homes, by the hire of scattered homes, by boarding-out and emigration, ample means are afforded by which children may be entirely removed from association with the workhouie and work- house surroundings." With regard to the treatment of the aged deservine poor, the letter proceeds :—" It has been felt that per- -5 hes who have habitually led decent and deserving lives should, if they require relief in their old age, receive different treatment from those whose previous habits and characters have been unsatisfactory, and w, o h aye tailed to exercise thrift in the brineine up of their families or otherwise. The Board consider that aged deserving persons should not be urged to enter the Workhouse at all, unless there is some cause which renders such a course necessary, such as infirmity of mind or body; the absence of house accommodation, or of a suitable person to care for them, or some similar cause, but that they should be relieved by having adequate outdoor relief granted to them. The Board are happy to think that it is commonly the practice of Boards of Guardians to grant outdoor relief in such cases, but they are afraid chat too frequently such relief is not adequate in amount. They are desirous of pressing upon the Guardians that such relief should, when granted, be always adequate. When, however, it is necessary that such persons should receive indoor relief. the Beard consider that they might be granted certain privileges which could not be accorded to every inmate of the workhouse. The Board may avail themselves of this occasion to state that they have received a memorial I from members of the Council and the Exec:wive Committee of the National Association for Promoting the welfare of the feeble-minded, asking them to take steps to institute an inquiry into the number and con- dition of feeble-minded persons in receipt of poor law relief. By' feeble-minded 'persons the late memorial ists state that they' desire t 3 describe persons who are of weak intellect but are not certificable as imbeciles or insane, and who cannot, therefore, be detained in work- houses or elsewhere except at their own pleasure.' Tne ISoard would feel obliged if the Guardians would state the number of persons in the workhouse who could, in the opinion of the medical officer,be regarded as coming within toe abave description ; and would supply any further information with regard to the csnditiou of such persons which they are able to afford." The CLERK said the matters referred to had been largely dealt with by the Union. Many Unions had taken no steps at all in tee matter. The CHAIRMAN said it lo3ked to him as if the cirsular , had been prepared partly with an eye to the administra- tion of the peer law, and partly with an eye on the day of election. (Laughter.) On the motion of Mr. PILLING the circular was re- ferred to the House Committee. REGISTRATION AT BURTON WOOD. The CLERK stated that he had received a letter from , the Clerk of the Buttonwood Parish Council enclosing a letter from the Registrar-General on the subject of registration in Buttonwood. In reply to a letter from toe Council the Registrar-General replied that he was unable to entertain the proposal to increase the number of registration sub-districts, unless it were proposed and I strongly supported by the Warrington Guardians, who, 11 if any sub-division of the Sankey sub-district were effected would have to pay the additional cost of regis. tration which would result from the proposed sub-divi- sion. Tee Sankey Registrar attended the registration station at Buttonwood on the is: and 3rd Saturdays in each month from one to two p.m. to register births and deaths, and there was no real necessity for any resident in Burtnnwood to go to Panketh for the purpose, as if in the occurrence of a death the relations were to send the medical certificate of the cause of death by post to the registrar, he would return by post a notification form which would enable the burial to take place and the death to be registered on the next visit of the regis- trar to Burtonwood.

Tll9 CLERIC added that the leter practically came to this—first that the Re :harm. General would only 03n8i - der the proposal if it came from the B ard, and src-mdly that he mould not acceed to it if it did. (Laughter.) _ THE CHAPLAINCY.

The CLERK intimated that he—na-d—received a letter from the Bishop of Liverpol, stating th4t the suggestion that the Rev Pollock Hill should be apppinted chaplain of the Pa,dgate Schools wou:d be considered after the reo. gentleman bad been instituted to the living of Padgate. NEW RELIEF OFFICERS.

Mr. BILLIDGE moved resolutions that land 111 nor- chased at the corner of Market Street and Nelson Street. Elrlestown, for £2OO as a site for Relief office, relief c3mmittee room, and relieving officer's residence, for the No. 2 or Newton district of the Union. He als) moved a resolution that the plans submitted by MaEsrs. Owen, arcoitects, for the erection of the relief office and, at an estimated cost of £1,700, having been approved by the Committag, they be recommended to the Board for adoption. He remarked that the price of material was somewhat up.and therefore the estimate of the architect was a little more than they had antici• pated. The cost had also b.eni a little increased by reason of the site being in a c =ntral position, and the baildings surrounding it being of an important charac- ter.

Dr. PATTERSON secondel. FORSHAW said he could not help thiqying that the present was the wrong time to build the Offices. The cost of the material was at least 20 per cent more than it was when prices were at the normal point, and the addirional cost of the building would be somathing like £4OO. The job would cost altogether about £2,000. Many firms were not proceeding with building operations for the reason he had mentioned. He thought £2,000 was to) big a sum to spend enecially as the Board tied borro %cid so mucn money, and he moved as an amend- ment that the matter be deferred for twelve months. Mr. HIBBERT seconded. Mr. ASHCROFT supported the amendment, remarking that the Board was already considerably in debt. Mr. PILLING : We have plenty of money. Mr. BICNT also considered that the matter should be deferred. He thought the estimate was quite £7OO too much. They ought to be able to ereat the building for 21.000. Mr. HICKMAN supported the resolutions of the Committee. He said it was ridiculous to suppose that a building suited to their requirements, to cover the area of land they desired to purchase, could be erected for £l,OOO, as Mr. Bent had suzgested. The Committee, after thrashing the whole matter out, had tinanirricu,ly come to the conclusion that the scheme now submitted should be adopted. He wanted to know how long they should have to wait before the price of material was less thae it was at present. The price of coal was going up, and coal would rule the price of building material very considerably. They might have to wait 20 years before the price of Iduilding material came down to its normal level.

Mr. W. HOUGHTON in supporting the propositions said he felt very strongly that they might have to wait a long time before the cost of building material was appreciably reduced. Bet.ides that, they would have other work ; they would be very glad to have the cost of building material reduced in time for the erection of the officea they had in project in Warrington. In regard to the Newton relief offices they at present paid a high rental for very indifferent accommodation, and he thought that there should be an alteration in that re- spect. Mr. PILLING. who also supported the resolutions, said that on land hk that referred to they could not get a building worth looking at without spending something Lke tlao amount the committee proposed to upend. The resolution was eventually passed, six members voting for the amendment.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

FAREWELL TO THE CLERK.

Appointment of a Successor.

A meeting of the Council of Newton-in-Makerfield was held in the Town Hall, Earlestogn, on Monday evening, Mr. J. W. Collingwood, J.P. presided, and there were also present :—Messrs J W Emmett, J.P., F J Wood, A Smith, J Stmpson,Dr Patterson, .; Thompson,T Orman& with W W Shirley (clerk), A Bowes (50rv370r) and D H Lloyd (gas engineer), THE USE OF THE MORTUARY. The Cemetery Committee reported that the c3metery keeper be instructPd to allow persons interring bodies at the cemetery to use the mortuary, if desired, in which to place the corpse whilst the burial service is being con- dulted in the chapel.

Mr. Simpson moved the confirmation of the recom- mondatiol which was approvAd. TECHNICAL INS fRUCTION COMMITTEE. The Clerk reported the receipt of a cheque for £BO 103 from the Lancashire County Council, being the final instalment of the grant in aid of Technical Instruction in this district for the Session 1899 and 1900, whereupon it was resolved that it be a recommendation to the Finance Committee to pass a cheque for £BO 103 in favour of the Viaduct Institute Technical Instruction Committee.

D:. Patterson mond the confirmation of the minutes which were agreed to.

GAS COMMITTEE. Tin following report of the Gasworks Extension Com- mittee was read, viz .—That it be a recommendation taat Messrs. Pooley and Sons' tender for two weighing machines at the Gasworks for the sum of £23 153 01 be accepted. That it be a recommendation that the tender of Messrs R. Dempster and Sons,Limited,of Elland,York- shire, for constructing and fixing two Green's Patent Purifiers at the Gas wo:ks for the sum of£B2o be accepted subject to alteration in clause with regard to payment.lt was resolved that the foregoing report be approved, in- cluding the acceptance of Messrs. Dempster and Sms' tender fo: two Green's patent purifiers, on the express understanding that their tender is only aecepted subject to the sanction of the iLocal Government Board being givea to the borrowing of the money by the Council. A letter dated the 4:h July, was read from the Vulcan Foundry, Ltd., asking if the Council could see their way to provide street lamps from Wargrave-road through the Vulcan village ; after consideration of which it. was resolved that the committee cannot see their way to accede to the application. The Clerk reported that be had received formal notice from the Local Government Board stating that the Pro- visional Order proraoted by this Council for iacreasing their borrowing powers for gasworks purposes by £20,000 had been confirmed by Parliament.

'Foe minutea were approved on the proposition of the Cnatrma,a.

WATER COMMITTEE

The letter of the Vulcan Foundry, —Lid., dated the 2nd June, and which had been before the Committee at the last ordinary meeting, applying for terms for a sup- ply of water for gardening purposes to toe allotment gardens at the Vulcan village, was again brought for- ward, aud the Clerk reported that, although be had written to sorne sixteen other Urban liathorities, asking what was done in their several districts in these cases, they had replied that they had no allotment gardens in their diitricts, whereupon it was rcsolved that water be supplied by meter on the usual terms. II letter dared the 20':h July, was read from Mr. G 'skin, Liverpool, consulting engineer to the Water Committee, asking for payment of a sum of 50 guineas on account of the fees due to him. It was resolved that a cheque fo: 50 guineas be forwarded to Mr. Gaskin on account of his agreed and inclusive fee of 100 guineas. It was alga reio'ved that the sum oc £134 103 10J be paid to Mr. John Thom, contractor for toe bore-holes, in full settlement of his acoount.

Mr. Thompson moved the confirmation of the minutes which were approved. HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORr.

Toe Me:licit Officer read his quarterly report for the quarter ended June 30th. There were registered births, 72 males, 62 females ; deaths, 27 males, 31 females ; excess of births, 45 males, 31 females. The births were at an annual rate of 34 7, and the deaths 15 05 per 1,000 of the estimated population. The infantile death- rate was 102 per cent and the deaths of children under 5 years of age 50 per cent, of the total number of deaths. The zymotic sick-rate—aotifted cases—was 1 6 per thousand. Fourteen of the above 25 cases were removed to the isolation hospital. There were seven deaths from the principal zymotic diseases, being less than one per 2,000 of the population. It; was resolved that the attention of the London and North-Western Railway Company be drawn to the con- dition of the approach to the goods station at Newton- le- Willows.

Tenders for the making of Haydock street and the re-paving of B:idge-streqt, E srlestown, were subnaitted, after c nosiderdtlon of which it was resolved that the tender of Mr. F. T. Bannie. of 80, Liverpool-road, War- rington, for the making of Haydock-itreet for the sum of £1,633 14, and the re-paving of Bridge-street for the sum of £787 103 Bd, be recommended to the Council for acceptance.

A letter dated the 11th July, was read from Messrs. R. Evans and Co.,Limited,having reference to the adoption of Clarence-street after consideration of which it was resolved that it be a recommendation to the Council that Clarence-street be ad3pted as a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large. With reference to the question of huts on the Market, which hld b3eo referred back to this committee by the Council for further cocsideration, it was resolved that huts be allowed on the Market and placed in such positions as the Council may determine, and that they be fixed on sleepers,or other wood frame, as the Council may approve, in such a manner as will allow of a clear space of at least ten inches between the ground and the underside of the floor of the hut, and subject to an agreement being entered into between the occupiers and the Council ; and that the Surveyor submit at the next meetinc, of this committee a list of conditions which should be embodied in the agreement for consideration of the committee. Resolved that L: be a recommendation to the Council that those persons using any building, of whatever description, within the district, as a slaughter house, without the same being licensed and registered as a slaughter house by the Council, be served with 14 days' notice within which to make ap- plication to the Council for a license, and failing such license, legal proceedings to be taken against those per- sons continuing to use any such building as a slaughter house after the date of the expiration of the said notice.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
The minutes wer pasied without comment. RESIONATION OF MR. SHIRLEY. COMPLIMENTARY REFERENCE 3.

a meeting of the GNieral Purposes Committee, a letter dated the 11'h July, was read from Mr. W. W. Shirley, resigning his position as Clerk to the Cquacil, as he was about to commence business on his own account. After cprisidsration thereof, it was resolved that this meeting accepts, with very sincere regret, Mr. Shirley's vsignation.—The Chairmen of Committees were .poointed to select six candidates to appear before the General Purposes Committee. At a further meeting of the committee held on the 13th August, it was resolved that Mr. C. Cole, of Handsworth, be recommended to the Council for appointment as clerk at a salary of £lBO per annum.

The Chairman, in moving the confirmation of the l minutes said he would take that opportunity of express- ing the Council's sincere regret on the resignation which had been received from Mr. Shirley. They never had a better officer and they would have great difficulty in renlacing him. They had appointed a man that day who promised well and with Mr. Shirley's assistance— for he had kindly offered to stop until the new man had got into his ways of work—he thought they would manage fairly well. He could only again express the Council's great respect for Mr. Shirley and wish him every prosperity in the new line in life he was about to begin. Personally he was deeply indebted to Mrt Shirley for the way he had carried out the work while he (11r. Collingwood) had been vice-chairman of tha Council. The Council owed Mr. Shirley a great deal fo the way he h3d kept them all straight on many occasion and they would have a difficulty in replacing him. Mr. Wood said he could endorse what the Chairman had said. As Chairman of the School Attendance Com- mittee he (Mr. Wood) could bear testimony to the great assistance the comrnitteF: had received from Mr. Shirley and to the value of his work in helping them in cases of great difficulty. Ho could only hope that Mr Shirley would 131 prosperoas in the new undertaking in which he was about to engage. He was sure they would all be able to look back with pleasure at the very pleasant time Mr. Shirley had spent amongst them. (Hear, hear.)

Mr. Smith speaking as the youngest member of the Council and as one who knew something of the duties that had to be done by the clerk of a council like their's observed that he had very great plea- sure in supporting the remarks which bad been made and to personally express 1118 regret at the Council losing

the services of a clerk such as Mr. Shirley had been. As far as he had been able t,4 observe since he was con- nected with the Council, Mr. Shirley possessed a thorough knowledge of his duties and always p9rformed them with the greatest zeal and ability. They all united in wishing him every success in tivy new walk of life he had chosen to adopt, and one could only regret that the very great knowledge he had obtained of Local Government law and practice would not be so useful to him in big new career as it would have been to the Council if they had had the pleasure of retaining his services. He endorsed what had been said in praise of Mr. Shirley's work.

Mr. Ormand said as chairman of the Finance Com- mittee he had had a great deal to do with Mr. Shirley in matters of accounts and the work of the Council generally, and he would like to state publicly with what satisfaction and pleasure it had been to work with him at all times in the domain of finance, and also to receive the assurance of the Local Government Board auditors of the satisfactory way in which the accounts had been kept. He was glad to say that during Mr. Shirley's tenure of office as clerk, there had not been a question of surcharge, and he thought that in itself was a very creditable thing to the Clerk himself and the Committee generally. He could only wish with the other members that Mr. Shirley might have every success and pros- perity in his new venture, and they hoped he would be spared to enjoy it. (Hear, hear.) The Council was losing an important servant, and it was due to Mr. Shirley that they should let him know that he went away from them with their sincere regret, and that they thoroughly appreciated all he had done for the Council in particular and the ratepayers generally. (Hear, hear). Mr. Shirley, in acknowledging the compliments, said he was very much obliged for the kind words which the Chairman and the several speakers had given ex- pression to with regard to his services as clerk to that authority. It was somewhat embarassing to sit there and listen to those very kind words, and he could say,in reply, that it was a real pleasure to him to feel that he had given satisfaction with his work in the past. He had always tried to do that and he was very glad to know that the Council appreciated what he had dene. He was obliged to the Council for wishing him success in his new venture. The prospects appeared to be good and he trusted that the good wishes which had been expressed would be fulfilled. He would now thank them heartily for the kind and encouraging words which had been given utterance to. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. PROPOSED _ELECTRIC SUPPLY.

A letter dated the 29th June, was read from Messrs F J Leslie and Company, of Liverpool. solicitors to the South Lancashire Electric Supply Company. Limited, also of Liverpool, enclosing a formal notice of their in- tention to make application not later than the 21st December next for a Provisional Order under the Electric Act 1882 and 1888 to authorise the company to supply electricity for all public and private purposes within the di itrict of Newton-in-Makerfield, whereupon it was re- solved that the Clerk inform Messrs Leslie and Company that the Council object, and will oppose, if necessary. the proposed application of the company. A letter dated the 18th July, was read from Mr James H Dickson, of Chester, solicite4r, stating that he was actine for Mr William Mills, of Chester, with reference to the injuries sustained by him through the falling of a advertisement board of the South Lancashire Tramways Company, and asking if the Council would be good enpugh to forward him copies of the correspondence be- tween the Council and the Tramways Company with regard to the fixing of the statutory notices. It was thereupon resolved that a copy of the correspondence be furnished to Mr Mills' solicitor.

The Clerk read the report, -datecrths 18th July, 1900, of the deputation (Mr. Ormand and himself) appointed by the Council to attend the annual conference of the Urban District Councils' A.sociatinn, which was held at Llandudno on the 6th and 7th of July. 1900. It was re- solved that the report be approvni and accepted by this committee. The minutes vanra p.pprovtd.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE MEDICAt OFFICER OF FIEILTH.

The Chairman gave r:ntice that at the next meeting he would propose the re-appaintment of Dr. Watkins as medical officer of health for a further period of three years at a salary of £75 per annum. This was all the businecs.

ANOTHER BIG PURCHASE.

SALE OF LADIES' SHIRTS.

THOUSANDS OF LADIES' SHIRTS HAVE BEEN PUB= &SED FROM A

NOTTINGHAM MA.NUFACTURER

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY,

AT REDUCTIONS VARYING FORM 25 TO 50 PER CENT., ANu WILL BE OFFERED BY THEM AT SPECIAL PRICES IN THEIR NEW SHOWROOM ON GROUND FLOOR,

LADIES ARE SPECIALLY INVITED TO VISIT THESE WELL-LIGHTED, WELL-VENTILATED AND MOST COMFORTABLE BUSINESS PRIIXTISIIS IN THE CITY

frgZM

HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY'S NEW ESTABLISIIMENr, 25 AND 25A, CHURCH SriIEET, (OPPOSITH PRO-CATIIEDRAL). LIVERPOOL.

3 SALE PRICE Ln . OD. EACH. Khaki Cambric Shirts, with coloured piping, self collar and cuffs. usually is 111 d and 2s 6d each.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE PRICE is. 6/D. EACH.

Best French Zephyr Shirts, with stiff fronts, collars, and cuffs in heliotrope,sky,pink and white,very stylish ; usually 4s lid each, Mercerised Print and Bnglish Print Shirts, with self or white collars and cuffs, light or dark grounds in spots and stripes; usually 2s Hid each. Khaki Twilled Cloth Shirts, with pockets and coloured piping; usually 3s lid and 43 lid each.

SALE PRICE IS. 111-D. EACII.

Best Quality Pique, Zephyr, English Print, and Cambric Shirts, with self collars and cuffs in spots, stripes, or plain colours ; a great many tucked fronts in this lot; choice goods; usually 2s lid to 3s lid each. Ladies' Cambric Shirts,superior quality, inHeliotrope. Sky. Butcher, Pink and White; fronts covered with white guipure muslin. These are the newest style this season. Usually 3s lid each. Ladies' Paisley Cambric Shirts, great variety of pat- terns slightly soiled, with white collars and cuffs ; usually 4s lid and 6s lid each. Khaki Twill Cloth Shirts, tucked, pleated, and others, with silk ties included ; usually 6s lid each.

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY, 251 AND 25A, CHURCEI STREET,

(Opposite Pro-Cathedral). LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19000817_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM AGAINST A WARRINGI ON PUBLICAN. Sequel to a Cab Accident.

- -- A the Warrington County Court la 4 Thursday before Ilia Honour Judge Gwynne James, Johnson Wilson, cab proprietor, sought to recover from Thomas Brurnhe the licensee of the White Bull Inn, Horsemarket-street, the sum of £1 103 for damage to a cab. Mr. Thomas S. Steel, solicitor, represented the defendant. Plaintiff stated that he was engaged to driva the defendant and four others to Houghton ,Green. Brum. bell rode on the lanc with him and .the ether MNI were inside of t'...e cab. The deienlant took the reins trona him,and sat in the driver's seat and drow. When near the avenue the defendant was looking round for his dog which was following, and the horse ran into the lamp post. The Ic.ck of the cab was doubled up, with the re• suit that he was unable to continue the journey. 11° got off and led the horse to near the King and Queen when the cab 00115p3ed. He was obliged to borrow a float from a neighbouring smithy to take the party to Hou.hten Green. He had had the cab repaired and it had cost him the amount for which be sued.—Gross- examined by Mr Steel : It was on the 17th of June when the accident happened. He was engaged both by a man named McClinton and defendant Eie bad only recently been paid his fare, and it was paid by McClinton. He denied that be asked Brumbell to drive. It was untrue to say he did not: gat off the be until he got near the King and Queen. His attentiorl was not called to an old crack in the lock. He had had this cab a number of years, but it was a compass IGO; , and not a straight one. _ _

Mr. Steel said his instructions were that the plaintiff was engaged by Mr. McClinton, the landlord of the Royal Oak Inn, to drive a party,of which the def-ndaut was one to Hougnton Green. Brumbell sat on the bo% on the left hand side of the plaintiff. Wbeu going up Plane' 's Brow, Wilson handed tile rains to defendant saying "Here, Tom, you drive.' When near the Avenue the horse did undoubtedly rail into a lamp post, but the cab was not damaged in least. No one got off or out of the cab, but plaintiu took over the reins and contintpd the journey. %Viler!. within 30 or 40 yards of the King and Queen, the cal; suddenly collapsed. They then got down and foueu the lock was brrken. Wilson said nothing snout having been caused by the collision with the lamp. Ele had not made the claim until quite recently, but the defendant and McClinton had offered to contribute to the: costs of repairs, not becaus3 they were liable, but to assist the plaiutiff in bearins the loss. He submitted that if his Honour believea the defendant's version the plaintiff was not entitled t.e. succeed. .$ The plaintiff in askingißrumbell to drive baL; constituted him his agent, and he, being on the callilc able to control his actions and was therefore hituet' responsible for any coneequences. He contended t 135:: having regard to all circumstances, the defendant was entitled to a verdict.

The defendant, and a man named Albert Isher97o°.d, ' who was in the cab at the time, bo:e out ... To' r• Steel statement. -

His Hon-our, after reviewing the evidenc°, said the plaintiff was bound to satisfy him tha7. the damage', the result of the defendant's negligence. fli3 had !air; to do that and there would therefore be judgment the defendant.

"

Warrington.—Printed and Published by Jolly W.ILSgS,„ Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Eiewtne"ci street. and published by them at the sam.e PLaCe‘,7o • also at the The Examiner Offices. Victorla.roar.::WW,,-;,,a 42, George•street. ST. HELENS and 3, Mariret-6,,",Th PARLEaromsr,iu the County of Lancaster end also at o street,ltUxoonN, in the County of Chester.—kr.6l79T 1900.

===== 0002601_19000817_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSPEL HALL, FORSTER-STREET, WATtRINGTON.—TO-MOBROW, (Sunday) August IStb at 10 33 a.m. and 630 p.m. Preaeber : Mr. A. COPE of Liverpool. All seats free. No collection. Books Drovided.

BOLD- STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 19th At 10 30 At 6 30 Hev, THBOTWORIC BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED. 4-1 PER CENT. "A" DEBENTURE STOCK. The Transfer Books of this Company relative to this issue 19111 be closed from the 17th to the 31st AUGUST inst. (both (15V5 inclusive) for the purpese of preparing and issuing DIVIDEND WARRANTS due Ist September. W. H. ROBINSON. secretary. Dated Warrington. August 13th. 1900.

GRAN D FANCY DRESS PARADE AND CARNIVAL IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON IN FIRNIARY OE SATURDAY, AUGUST 25m. In connection with this Parade a Representative from Messrs. S. B. Witts and Co., Manchester (with an ex- tensive assortment of fancy costumes) will atteni at the Patten Arms Hotel on the 23rd,and 24th. inst from 3 to 9 eclock.linm., and on Saturday the Kth, the whole day. Hirers please note. THE COMMITTEE.

DON'T FORGET THE GRAND ATHLETIC IMSTIVAL SPORTS, AND BOXING COMPETITION. WARRINGTON FOOTBALL GROUND, WILDERSPOOL-ROAD. THIS DAY (SATURDAY), AUGUST 18TH. SPLENDID ENTRY. Refreshments on the ground. Band will play selections of music. Commence ctt 2 prompt.

GRAND CYCLE AND HORSE PARADE. (PIio.IIOTED BY RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB), AT RUNCORN, WEDNESDAY AUGUST 22ND, STARTING FROM DEVONSHIRE-SQUARE AT 7 O'CLOCK. 23 Valuable Prizes for Cyclists, Harriers, Collectors, Az. 11 Valuable Prizes for HORSE and PONY exhibits. Full Particulars see Programmes One Penny each. _ SHREWSBURY. GREAT FLORAL FETE, WEDNESDAY A 'THURSDAY, Aucust 22nd & 23rd. 1900. THE GRANDEST HOLIDAY IN ENGLAND. GREAT NATIONAL FLOWER SHOW The Largest and Grandest Flower Show ever held either in London or the Provinces. OVER £lOOO IN PRIZES. tech day the Magnificent BANDS (by kind permissioß) cf ELM, ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (BLUE), H.M. COLDSTREAM GUARDS, H.M. ROYAL MARINES (Portsmouth), H.M. SCOTS GUARDS PIPERS, PLAYING ALTERNATELY AND COMBINED. The , •Largest and most Superb Military Band heard out of London. IES MAGNIFICENT PERFORMERS. The MOST MARVELLOUS PERFORMERS IN THE %WORLD who will appear at TILTS FETE ONLY. 4he MUSS TROUPE, The NIAGARA TRIO. The OKA.BE FAMILY. ACHMED IBRAHA.M TROUPE of ARABS. GRIFFEIHS EROS, The VIUSIOAL JEES. FRED ...LESLIE'S TROUP of LEAPING DOGS, The PROVEANIE IrAMILY, LABAKAN & OMAR, MISS YAMINA, The ,ALKERS. 'WO GRAND BALLOON ASCENTS at 4 & 7 EACH DAY, and CAPTIVE BALLOONS, 500 to 1000 feet. 131,C. Green Spencer and Sons. Aeronauts te Crystal Palace. MORSE LEAPING COMPETITION £lOO IN PRIZES. "nines's British Army Quadrilles, 8 Military Bands, over 200 Performers. Maxims and Gatling Guns, Cannons, Ac. GORGEOUS ILLUMINATIONS A FIREWORKS by Wilder. Special EXCURSION TRAINS from, Preston, Warrington and all parts. ADMISSION.—Wednes ' day One o'clock 2a 6d; after Five. Is. Thursday, all day from Eleven, ONE SHILLING ONLY. Ralf-Crown Tickets sold at 2s, if bought on or before MoNDAY August 20th. Send Stamped Addressed Envelope and Postal Orders to the Hon. Secs. H. W. ADNITT, Hon. Sees. W. W. NAUNTON, f The Square, Shrewsbury. T° ILDERS.—LY M PARISH CHURCH NEW VESTRIES. Contractors desirous of submitting Tenders for the above 113%3, see the Plans and Specification at the Church from Wednesday. August leth. Bills of Quantities may be obtained on application to kaisers. Wright and Son, Surveyors, Lancaster. Tenders are to be delivered (under cover) to the Architects, tot later than noon, Saturday. August 25th. The lowest or any Tender not necessarily accepted. AUSTIN A PALEY, Architects. Castle Park. Lancaster, August Bth, 1900.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. .T HE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE offers for COMPETITION TWELVE SCHOLAR tenable for twelve weeks at the Dairy Institute, vorleston, commencing on MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10th, for instruction in Dairy work. L Applications to be sent to the undersigned on or uefore September Ist. R. P. WARD, Organising Secretary.

RUNCOrbrUNION.—DUTTON WORKHOUSE. 4 The Guardians invite Tenders for painting the outside of 'be Workhouse at Dutton, as per Specification to be seen on 1431)lication to the -Workhouse Master on and after the 21st Last. Sealed tenders endorsed " Tender for painting at the LVOrkhollBo " to be delivered at my Office not later than Aonday the 27th instant. 3 The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the I°West or any tender. By Order, GRORGE F ASHTON. Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn, 15th August 1900.

NORTHWICII PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION. _ Liberals are urged to examine the new voters' lists now Ebibited on the doors of all Churches and Chapels in the bivision. All Liberals whose names are omitted, or who are Ivronoy described are requested to inform their district 4,ltistratton agent, club secretary, or myself. in order that laims may be made to correct such omission or miedese rip- tion. .„Oecupiers of Lodgings since JULY 15th last year may also `am to be placed on the new register. Last day for claiming, August 20th, WILLIAM HANDLEY, Liberal Registration Agent.

1] PPER 31ERSEYsiolsdN'ABLIGATION COMMIS- UPPER MERSEY NAVIGATION ACTS 1876 IND 1879. Notice is hereby given that JAMES T. FOARD the 2arrigter for the time being appointed to revise the List of Ithrgesses of Warrington entitled to vote in the Election of a 7mtuber of Parliament for that Borough will hold a wort on Pi Eighteenth Day of September, 190, at 1.15 p.m.lat the bown Hall. Widnes, in the County of Lancaster. for the 7sion of the Upper Mersey Navigation Electors, to wit ."'e list of persons who shall be qualified to vote at the next Uing election of the Upper Mersey Navigation Commis- "'hers Dated the 17th day of August. 190. J. MEAD OWCROFT. Clerk to the Conamissioners.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS, h.:RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. —'strltEto AGAINST AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. warrinAggthennte wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate fit Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nesseliffe. Victoria-rd.,Latchford 11: nielens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street 43,dock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows kltdbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge •-..rilworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfield House

IT. T. G-ILLIGAN (UPWARDS; OF: 18 YEARS WITHITHEILATE JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE::AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and .COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patrenage.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSEY-STREHT, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

OSBORNE AND SONS, PLASTERERS AND LATH MANUFACTURERS, ST. JAHRT-STRERT, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON.

R. _HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STRpET, LATCHFORD. Tile and Mosaic pavements. Glazed and enamelled Tiles for walls, hearths, floors. &c. Estimates given for church and chapel pavements. lgia Telegrams; " Hou.Droworric, Latchford."

fIASH (to any amount) immediately ADVANCED cu FURNITURE, PIANOS. WORKS OF ART, Re. Lowest Charges 1 Consultations Free I Strict Privacy I FURNITURE, PIANOS. Re.. Purchased. WILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY-STREET (TOP OF BOLD-STREET), LIVERPOOL.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Publll. Sold by all Grocers and Druggist, in Oanistes 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON, LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLIHED 1833

IMAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver. Old-fashioned Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches. Plate. &c., &c. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE, 47, LIMB-STREET. LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.B.—Money advancedupon Diamonds,Watches,Jewellery, &c., at low rates.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4LLSOPP'S MILD An BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

ESTABLISHED 1872. YE OLDE CASTLE DINING AND TEA ROOMS, 34. NEVILL-STREET, SOUTHPORT, (About One Hundred Yards from the Pier). Recently Enlarged, and now the most comfortable and commodious Establishment of its kind in Southport. ACCOMMODATION FOR 500 PERSONS At One Sitting. Second to None in the Towa for Quick Service. DINNERS, TEAS, AND LUNCHEONS At Moderate Prices. Good accommodation for Cyclists. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL BELLS. BUY THEM FROM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS, 37, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years. R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. G-LADSTONE BAG (Cow Tide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKET'S From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 98. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREEF, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

JOIN THE RANKS OF LIVERPOOL'S BEST SONS and step into a Pair of ARTHUR EVANS'S 6s. 61). OR SS. 6n. GENT'S STYLISH SEWN BOOTS. They are right in the front for honest value. CITY BRANCHES -)4) LONDON ROAD, 24, BERRY-ST., 51, BYROM-ST., &c., LIVERPOOL.

A CHANCE IN A LILO:03MB . ALLDAYS' CYCLES. A splendid opportunity of securing an Alldav Cycle at LESS THAN COST. We have decided to offer our match- less No. 1 ROADSTER or ROAD RACER. also our Lady's ENCHANTRESS No. 2, fitted with 1900 Warwick tyres. on Westwood hollow rims, or Clipper tyres, built throughout with our famous fittirgs. and guaranteed for 12 months, for £7 tOs. NET. These machines are of the finest vvrkmanship and finish, and a visit to our depot will convince you. Only a limited number at this price, and orders cannot possibly be repeated when stock is cleared. Send for particulars post free. Note Address ALLDAYB & ONIONS, LTD.. Liverpool Depot-71. RENSHAW-STREET. J. H. LANCASTER, Manager.

LIVERPOOL AND DOUGLAS STEAMER, LIMITED. ISLE OF MAN. RETURN 3/6 AVAILABLE FOR TICKET SEASON. FROM PRINCE'S LANDING-STAGE. Express Paddle Steamer LILY. From LIVERPOOL (Prince's Landlog-stage) DAILY, at 10.55 a.m. From DOUGLAS, DAILY, at or after 4.5 p.m. Tickets and iHandbills, Walker's, 53, Wilitechapel, Liver- pool. Booking Office, Landing-stage,and 2, Victoria 2ier, Douglas. Saloon Fare, ss. 6d. First-class Season Ticket, 21s.

414'IREG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE _LP DID-," "OH, YES ORNAMENTAL HAUL SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEBOE-STRBBT, LIVERPOOL.' • • THANK YOIT."

Q.Eltii J A:UKETS ! SE WIG JACK NTS ! Every workman should have one of HAPITE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

QPIJUNDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to meaeurPs TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE an( • LimirEn. 65, Byrom-street. Liverpool. All goods cent ear- rage paid.

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 9 1 .0., NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6310. N.B.—Mr. JOHN MILLIE has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

in. rAADE'S PILLS. EADWB plus. All who suffer from Gout or EADE'S lus. Rheumatism should immediately phave recourse to RADII'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADB'S pu.s, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADB I 3 pnass. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v E F ADE'S lax. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 18,Burton-oreseent Dewsbury road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. KIIBUAI A TI S lid "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It Is six years since I first had RH EUMA.T I 8 RE Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of coursG GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RIfICUIIAT IS Id The next spring I bad another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yeurPills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMAT IS Id my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RH BUAS A T I SIM directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RIIB U fd TIS fd You are quite at liberty to make what use youi like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased tr., answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RH E U MAT ld n.e (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOBWELL-ROAD. E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain RADII'S GOUT AND ALUM RATIO PILLS. EADIC S PILLS

TO DROGHEDA AND THE BEAU run BOYNE VALLEY, BY STEAMERS OF THE DROGHEDA STEAM PACKET CO., LTD. SAILINGS EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY. THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, from S. E. Collingwood Dock, Liverpool for Drogheda. RETURN FARES Saloon, 10s. ; Deck, 45.; available for 14 days. For hours of Sailing and Illustrated Guide to the District apply ISAAC JANDRELL, 23, Water-street, Liverpool. Steamers return from Drogheda every Monday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. (Please mention this paper.) ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). LIVERPOOL To DOUGLAS, Daily, 10.30 a.m. and 2 p.m.; Saturdays (Extra) 5 p.m. and 12.30 night; Fridays, 12 night. FLEETWOOD To DOUGLAS, daily, at 2.15 p.m. Warrington Train departs at 11.42 a.m. FLEETWOOD TO RAmsEY (via Douglas) Tuesdays. Wednes- days, Thursdays, and Fridays. same time as Fleetwood to Douglas. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY, direct Saturdays and Mondays. also Fridays from 27th, at 12.30 noou; via Douglas, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, at 2 p.m. For Excursions to Ireland and Scotland see programmes. Illustrated programme free, postage id. Passengers. their Luggage, Live Stock, and Goods conveyed subject only to the conditions of carriage of the Company, as exhibited in their offices and on board their steamers. ISLE oF MAN STEAM PAcEET CO.. LTD., DOUGLAS. THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE , ISLE OF MAN. Vat N. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS —at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10.56 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from,Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s fid alongside Third class and Fore Cabin 11s 6d steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIROULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares First-class and Saloon 195 6d Third-class and Saloon l4s Od Third-class and Fore Cabin lO5 Od The journey may be broken at Grange, Uiverstone (for the Lakes). Furness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE " will be on the service during July, August, and September.—JAMES LITTLE CO., Barrow. WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via ' Queenstown. OCEANIC Wed., Aug. 22 GERMANIC Wed., Sept. g TEUTONIC Wed., Aug. 29 I CYfdRIC FIL, Sept. 7 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore Apply, to ISMAY, IMBIE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Street, S.W., and 34, Lenderman street. PLC— London. an,36 ROCHES HERBAL EMBROCATION. ETOOPING COUGH The celebrated elrectua HOOFING COUGH cure 'without interna HOOFING COUGH medicines. Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bott 1 e. Sole Wholesale Agen ts, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCA.TION•

WID HODGEINSC• f, LIMITED. GREAT (.3LEARP NCE SALE OF HIGH CLASS DRAPERY. NOW PROCKIDING." VERY SPECIAL BLRGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 46 & 48 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Co.,E WAR %J RINGTON SLATE LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FFONI THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WEAR?: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marion Street, Warrington

TLLIJMINATED ADDRESS, DIE-STAMPING; Fac-similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan- tities &c.. copied and lithographed.— BRooics AND Sax, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

11 WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH SH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. trIAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-IVIARKED OASES, well flniebed and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTI. SHILLINGS. This watch is timeB to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUN 1 OF. ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watchcan be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. we tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0. MOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss sd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, is to is fid per dozen; gut Casts, three yards 20. 4d, 6d and 9d each ; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards6d ; Floats, two for Id ; porcupines, id each ; gentles in stock at 3d, 63 and is per box. WILL k /HAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe). NVEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock, A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCIG AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864. •

LADIES' ELASTIC STOCKING D EPARTAENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTIN9. First-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS LEGGINGS „ KNEE CAPS „ ANKLRTS 2s. 3d.... 4s. 6d, THE CELEBRATED BLAME SCARBORO' COAT. WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICE 25/- CYCLE CAPES FROM 12/11. NO MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRAM, from 36.11 d. THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN. J. E. H UORES, AND SONS. 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL. LATE ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT.

ABOONIO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Orcer and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAR HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- W. B. SWEETMAN. 5, RANELAGII-STREET,.. LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRI,L STATION). BELFAST SUSII".-EXCURSIONS. • Return TICKETS available for one month for Saturday sailings from Liverpool. Return - Saloon 10s. Steerage ss. B.S. CALEDONIAN (Electric Light throughout) every Tuesday. Thursday. and taturday from West-side Trafalgar Dock *SATURDAY, AUG. 18th 10.30 p.m. *TUESDAY, AUG. 21st 9 p.m, *THURSDAY, AUG. 23rd 10 p.m. "SATURDAY. AUG. 25th 11 p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stage. Single Saloon Bs. Return 12s 6d. Single Steerage, 3s 6d. Return. 5s 6d. Send for our new edition' Peeps at Ir'sh Scenery," J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14. WATER-STREET. LI VERPOOL.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (SUND ANS included), P.S. ST. TUDNO OR r.e ELVIES, Leaving Prince's Stage at 10-45 a.m. daily for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor and IL•nai Bridge. due back 7-30 p.m.) Allowing over four hours ashore at Llandudno. Saturdays, (4 sailings) 10 a.rn.,11 a.m., 1 SO p.m., & 3 p.m. Sundays. (3 sailing.) 10.0 a.m.. 11 10 a.m., and 2.45 p m. Early Boat from North Wales on I,..tondays due in Liverpool at 10.15 a.m. returning at 235 p.m. Through bookings per Cheshire Lines and on Sundays by Express Trains to Liverpool, (see Station Bills). For fares and all further particulars apply to the LIVER- POOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LTn.. T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER-STREET, LIVERPGOL. Tel. No. 6366.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS ROYAL or ther Steamer From LIVERPOOL. ,:*.nn GLASGOW Clarence Dock. fierth No. 24. North Side Monday Aug. 20th 1.30 pro I tWoduesday Aug 22n12 pin Friday Aug. 24th 10 0p in Thlunday Aug 27th 2p in Wednesday Aug. 29th 1 Opml tTrain from Glasgow (Central) to t reenock at 8.25 pm. ifTrain from Glasgow (Central) t, Greenock at e. 30 p.m. FARES—Cabin. Single 113.; leturn, valid for Two Months, 16s. 6d. Steerage, Single, A. 6d. SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS, 141 Id for 10 days only ,are Issued at 11s. Cabin ; Sc. 3d. Steeraiy. M LANGLANDS AND SONS, 10, RUMFORD-PLACk, LIVERPOOL. LLAN LINE, STEAMEIaS SAILINGS FRom-tivrarooL. 8.8. SICILIAN for Quebec and Montreal . Aug. 16th s.s. COREAN for St. John's, N.l*. and Halifax ...Aug. 18th s.s. TUNISIAN for Quebec and Montreal Aug. 23,d 8.8. DAMARA for St. John's. B.F. and Halifax Aug. 25th Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7. Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at epri.ial rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and fail particulars tree on application to AST ase BlioTHElte & CO., 19, James- St., Liverpor,,

• UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS 1 ! THE LATEST NOVE TIES SUITABLE BOK PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN 'ELL)? AN HOUR FROM 3s. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

YPOKLENE " A perfect substitute for Tur- pentine for cleaning Type, Lithographic Stones, Rollers, Bm.; absolutely non-inflammable, and therefore safest. 40-Gall. Barrels, is. 4d. 10-Gall. Drums; is. 7d. 40-Gall. Barrels, Is. 6d. " OTTO " GAS ENGINE OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, is. 6d. Per Gall. Carriage Paid. sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL CO.. 19, d: 20, WATER-LANE GREAT TOWER-STREET, LONDON, B.C.

THE ANGLO AMERICAN 4;• DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), LTD. 72, PRINCES ROAD. CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FREE. MANAGING DIRECTOR : DR. LA GRANGE, M.D D.D.S., U.S.A. Telephone 223, Tosteth.

GOOD rOINTS ABOUT THE 21.C.D MANUFACTURE CLOTHING DIRECT. MUCH COMPETITION DEFIED. MANY CHARMING DESIGNS. MAKE CUSTOMERS DELIGHTED. MODERATE CHARGES DESIRED. MORE CUSTOM DEVELOPED, BUT THE GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE M.C.D. CLOTHING ARE INNUMERABLE. THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, RORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRIN GTON.

CASH ONLY. THE BEST GOODS A.T THE LOWEST PRICES, AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ENORMOUS STOCK. SPLENDID PREMISES. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLA.TE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac., to any amount at /ow rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

GUNS! GUNS ! ! GUNS The largest and beet selection in the North of England; a perfect fit guaranteed. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Guns. and Implements, at lowest prices. CARTRIDGES. Sporting Cartridges a Speciality; nothing but the best meterials being used. GUNFITTING. Customers can have heir guns properly fitted at our new range, Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets, &c. All repairs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitabln for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ix. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOSOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ELASTIC LEGGING. IF YOU WANT ELASTIC STOCKINGS WRITE AND SEND SIZE TO THOS. HEWITSON & CO. Ja4o UNDERCLOTHING AND CORSET MAN IJFACT OMER& 7 157 TO 163, LONDON-ROAD, - 11, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, Is. 14D. EACH, CARRIAGE PAID. OFF CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S , -e- INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES win' LIP.

DO UNEEDA WHOLESOME DRINK. SAFE, SIMPLE, GOOD, CHEAP. ' TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT A MILD APERIENT. BETTER THAN BITTERS FOR STIMULATING THE APPETITE, CURES HEADACHES. RELIEVES INDIGESTION, GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF, MAKES YOU FEEL :BETTER WHILST YOU DRINK IT. Much superior to many expensive Salines sold at more than double the price I , BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (SOLE LOCAL AGENTS). LTD. SIXPENNY SIZE SD. SHILLING SIZE SID. 35, BRIDGE-ST., AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. ALSO AT RUNCORN, WIDNES, ST. HELENS, LIVERPOOL, ETC., ETC.

T. CLARKE. " 'DEMMER " OFFICE, 33 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. ac,, &C. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a large Variety of other Articles useful and rnamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

KEEPS THE SKIN COOL 0 1 . AND A . REFRESHED I , 1 66 1 ,i• 11 1 ~'' I , . r 1 • . ,• - .P. 4 entirelyl I ~• ~4 il„ . ~.,,,. • ,;, ~ ~. ~ ~,,... ~ ••:, ~- --- ~,".' removes, & 1 -aeg`'.:.,' .• --- prevents all ' ).' I SUNBURN, HEAT, I ' ' 'IIRRiTATION &- ROUGHNESS'II Bottles MJ3EETHAM & SON. i 6 d.... 15.. and 25.6 d. CHELTENHAM.

Ad, J. ADAMS. 4 ) .„,,,,,,,,,„\.,,,, FERN GLASSES. OP ,c N —.4-- ‘,,,,i, ‘, GLASS SHADES. tn ....4.„,, Ie , s )1 , - ,',`,,\ kt 1 ' STANDS. ~1,,t,:\\..„.1":. 1%., ),/,i WINDOW GL ASS DIFFPRENT COLOU.cCP/1 R°A, ilifWeAtfiS' ;1 WINDOW GLASS DIFFRItENT PATTER:Ito SlLVlitl' PLATE.. GAS GLOBES, SMOKE: PROTECTORS. BELL GLASSES, AT THE LOWEST PRICES. AT J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, OR AT er., ST. JAMES PLACE. LIVERPOOL. nOT 150.CCCF/MT OF WINDOW GLISS AT lid ?ER SMALL SIZES.

J 5 rYCLES ! CYCLY,re io,.t.v:--7-7—N7, N. -I ROYAL AJAXa:A. fine.f... value Carriage P per cent. cheaper tha?. gee where. Immense. Stcniciasi \\.Xl and Second-hand. - - TERMS FROM 10EI. MONTHLY. OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED. 1900 ILLUSIRATED LISTS POST FEES' L4,RGE CYCLE RIDINGSCHOOL. GO THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING C 5. EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. CITY BRANCH 23, MANCH.EsTER-siRSIO, LIVERPOOL. 'telephone 113, Afield,

TEE POLYP:ION. CAP ril!IF IlAtiVf-ELLOLTS WITS! pf a -.-1,•'•••,•,-,77,-,-,1 IniTHLTMENT will Pr-" 43. cl. i ITSELF— Obekm ork—tbou'Vlor 01 . 'k,,,‘ ~,..,,,;!'<•:. ~, Tunes You can chocW' ‘) , ;, own tunes. tr, gO 4 4,44.,,, 1 Prices trom 124. 6,1. M _.,,,__.,.-.,i., 80 GRA M 0 PHI 0 NYS 794 '"_,141-,,,,,, • ' ' ~,,,,, ' 1 PHt)NOGßAlnis__Tao;l9,' 41,:ii,_.,';4•:,.' ! machines from 375. ~z,..---1,,,,,c7i •;,/ ~..,4 4 MANDOLINES, 8ANJ07,9 •-•„.':,,, ~..,,,,f::---4'j OUITAUS, AUTO FIAB' . at reduced price ARCEER & SONS f, v VOO- - CRESCENT (ton of Lord•street),,LlVE"" -

SOFT FAIR' SKIN: Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur- ed to those Ladies who use Rowland's KALYDOR which removes Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes as. 3d. ogt 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London.

apartintittOt & eurnisbeti 300u5t5-

SCARBOROUH.—Mns. FRANCIES, 24. Viotoria-road,central, five minutes from Sea. APARTMENTS; terms moderate.

APARTMENTS—Piano ; with or without board.—Mrs, LEAVER, 13, Blund ell-street, near Foxhall Hotel Blackpool.

A PARTMENTS, pleasantly situated modern conveniences; 11. terms moderate.—E.W., TAN-y-COED, Woodlands. Conway.

SOUTHPORT.—Mrs BRIGGS, Westfield, Bath-street : public and private APARTMENTS, near Promenade; terms reasonable.

SCARBOROUGH.—Mrs GIBSoN, Tollergate House ; public and private Sitting Rooms ; good beds ; near churches. Terms moderate. _

pOUGLAS.—Bay View House, Imperial Terrace ; comfort- able Boarding House or APARTMENTS, facing sea. Board 5s 6d ; beds 2s.

BLACKPOOL.—Near the sea; very clean comfortable APAHTMSNTB.—fdts. HORSFALL, Yorkshire-terrace, 9, Lytham-road.

S- OUTHPORT.—Superior APARTMENTS ; piano, bath- rcom ; six minutes from stations ; terms moderate.-40, Portland-street.

MORRCAMBlL—Comfortable APARTMENTS at Mrs. IL A. JOWETT'S, 37, Ruston (rove; terms reasonable; bath ; piano.

MORECAMBIL—Superior Private APARTMBNTS, on the Marine Parade.-1, Langdale-terrace, Sandyland.— Mrs GELDARD. BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARTMENT/EL—Mrs BUTLER 236, Cleveleys-terrace, Central Drive, near Central Station and Sea.

QCARBOHOUGH.—What to see and bow to see it. Mus- k) trated Guide and List of APARTMENTS.—AppIy W. SMITH, 3, York-place.

NORTH WALES.—Country APARTMENTS, sitting and bedroom ; extensive views; station one mile. —OwEris. Cae Cafnan, Nortbop, Flint.

MORECAMBE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, Mrs. CIMUGH, 41, Albert-road, West End; home comforts. piano ; close sea. Terms moderate.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. OWEN, Bewsey House. Lord-street, North Shore. close to Statiin, "rams, and Sea. (Late of Bewsey-road, Warrington.

DLACKPOOL.— Pleasant APARTMENTS, near amuse- ments, with or without board ; terms moderate.—Mrs. RawLING. 26, Leopold Grove.

HARROGATE. Comfortable APARTMENTS near baths, Wells, Gardens, and Moor. Terms moderate.----Mrts. BLAND, 143, Cold Bath-road.

MORNIErCs.AMBwIi, NDNleVesteeErnn corner amt sf owrot ratbhl e and Aagemv eennsths e road; nice locality; good beds. BLACKPOOL—MEECH AND BYGOTT, 6, General-3treet ; APARTMENTS ; 28 per night two persons; near se, station and amusements; piano. BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARTMENTS 2s per night two persons; near amusements, Talbot-road Station.— MaS. TOOMEY, 13, Cookson-street. IVIORECAMBE.—Superior Apartments, with or without board; bath ; pianos, etc.—Mrs, SCARE, Oulton House 22, Sea View Parade, West End Road. BLA.CKPOOL.—Mrs. MUCH, 27, General-street. from St Helens. Two minutes from Station, sea and Fleetwood cars. Comfortable. Terms moderate.

SOUTHPORT.—PAYING GUES'IS received in Private Family in the best part of Birkciale ; 25s weekly.— Address, N•R., Examiner Office, Warrington.

BLACKPOOL. —MRB J. HAWoRTH, Revidge House, 99, Central Drive, near George Hotel. Comfortable, pleasantly situated ; piano. Write early. - INTORECAMBE.—ComfortabIe APARTMENTS. 20 yards from tram and sea ; bath. piano ; terms moderate.— Mrs. F A.RRELL. 13, Claremont Crescent. W.E.

MORECAMBE, W.E.—eomfortable APARTMENTS; terms moderate.—Misses TURNER, Thirlmere House,4, Sea View Parade (late Queen's Terrace):

QT. ANDIES4ON-THE-SEA. To let furnished HOUSA. Terms reasonable.—Apply for September t,) 25, ST. ANDREWS•ROAD, North. St. Annes-on-the•Sea. BLACKPOOL —Comfortable APARTMENTS. Public or Private; with or without board; piano.—Mrs. HART and Miss HOLLIDA 1, 31. Victoria-street. TSLE OF MAN.—Ballachrink Farm Boarding House, Dalby. near Glen May ; quiet resort, every comfort, boating, terms moderate.-8. QUANE.

IiOUGLAS, 1.0. M.—" The Rosebry." Victoria-street.— Comfortanle, &I APARTMENTS, centrally situated ; terms moderate. Apply MOORE. PLACKPOOL—Mrs.i. FIRTH, Wellington House. 18, Leopold Grove. off Adelaide-street. close to Winter Gardens and sea ; APARTMENTS, piano. BLACK POOL.—Misses WARD and FAIRBROTHER, 28, Vance-road, near Central Station, sea, and all places of amusement; with or without board.

"DILKINGTON and SHAW. Stamford House 55 ADELAIDE- "- ST.. Blackpool ; public and private Apartments ; tetras moderate ; overlooking Winter Gardens. BLACKPOOL —Mrs. YIELDING, Deane Villa, ne. kleae's avenue, off Waterloo-road ; three minutes from South Shore Station, very near sea. Terms moderate.

APARTMENTS with or without Board.—Mrs. SMITH. Bolton House, Empress Drive, close to Promenade and Palace Central Prumanade, Isle of Man, Douglas.

BIRKDALB.- Charming view, lovely sands, delightful walks ; hPdroom and sitting rom 10s. per week.—Mrs. JARVIS, Hope Villas, Birkdale Common, Southport.

m 0 Itlrbit.hlaßnßci, W Private .B.—Mrs. rivnewelodistir)aeyet ; near pier; bath ; piano ; good cooking ; terms mxierate. BORTH-Y-GEST, PORTMADOC.—Dining, sitting, and four bedrooms, five beds, bath (h and e water). w.o. ; facing bay : boating, fishing.—Apply lionEwrs, 11. Sea View- terrace.

-D HYL.—House, will be LET FURNISHED, or in Apart- JUL ments ; moderate terms ; excellently situated; Seafront pier, promenade; band, minstrels.—EvAxs, Station-ehambers Rhyl. TSLE OF MAN.—J. CHALMERS.junr., 3, Nutford-place, _L Castle Mona Avenue, off Promenade, Douglas and a few yards fr6ml shore. APARTMENTS with or without board. Beds without boird 2s per night. HOLYHEAD.—Cerrigyddraenog.—Furnished. House with garden, five large rooms (floor) and five large ted- rooms ; few minutes' walk to the sea shore.—EDWARD MORRIS. Ddraenen, Holyhead.

J d UNSworrs, Denton House, 45 Pedder-street ; near to pier, and three minutes' walk from L. & N.- W. Station. Comfortable and homely APART- MN TS, with piano and cycle accommodation.

Ea be ?Let. _ _- 88, HOYLE STREET, rent 3s. 9d. 23, CUMBERLAND STREET, rent 4s. 2 STOREY WAREHOUSE in MAIN STREET. rent £25. PENKETH.--Cottages 48 Od., 38. 9d. and 28. Bd. per week. MILL-STREET.—Suite offices. HOWLEY QUA.Y. House, Stables and Land, rent £3O. SANKEY-SIREET, Lock-up Shop. 16. A. BUTTERMARKST STREET, provision shop with Bakehouse, rent £4O. BANK STREET OFFICES, £5 room. 25, CATHERINE MEWL rent 48. 3d. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank-street, War- rington. 'Telephone—No 55.

1) UNUORN.-10 LHT. in Market Place, excellent SHOP It and HOLISH.—AppIy KNIGHT, Accountant, Runcorn. mO LET.—LARGE ROOM, Orford.street ; rent £20.- 1 Apply Woons & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket.street, Warrington.

r I 11.) LIif.—HOUSE, Catherine-street, off Bewsey-road.- 1 Apply, WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, 55, Horeemarket- street, Warrington.

PPRRMISRS suitable for WORKS HOPS, Orford-atreet.— Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrlt'gtOfl.

rro LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street ; 3 bedrooms.— I Apply WooDS AND boN, Solicitors, horsemarket-street, Warrington.

- po LEI, STABLE and COACH-HOUSE, with lofts over _IL large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WOODS and Sort. Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

(1000 COHERE. SHOP and DWELLING HOUSE. (4 ki large bedrooms. Lte). in Warrington.—Apply WOODS and SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street. Warrington.

llotels, ptirn, 3oarzitng 00tabs. LLANDUDI2O.—FISHEIVB Private Hotel; splendid position near sea; liberal table ; home comforts; cycle accom- modation. 6s 6d per day.

DOUGLA.S.—CHALBIER'S YORK BOARDING-HOUSE Castle-terrace.---Central Promenade, facing the sea ; trams pass door; full board 5s 6d and 6s 6d per day,inclusive.

BLACKPOOL —BROOKLANDS BOARDING HOUSE, 12 Tyldeeley Terrace. promenade. homelike and cheerful ; excellent table ; electric cars pass door ; convenient all amusements.—WLSEMAN.

j3ARMOUTH i Northfield Hall, 3. Belle Vue Residence.— First-class Boarding Establishment, situate hillside, nearest church; under new management; golf, tennis, coaching, bathing. boating; special terms to visitors,—Apply MANAGERESS.

HRH MAJESTY'S Visit to Ireland.—Visitors following high example, remember Eenvyle House Hotel. Connemara. Home of the !Makes, Train, Clifden. Splendid views. Sea air. Sea and trout fishing, Good mixed shoot- ing. Grand bathing. Golf. Keep this.—Mrs. BLAKE.

SOUTHPORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

BERESFORD'S (LATE WEBSTER'S) REFRESIIMENT ROOMS, 13 AND 15. VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. APARTMENTS, BEDS. FIRST CLASS ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Picnic Parties Catered for on the Shortest Notice:

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMBORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE ,HYDRO, Physician: Dr, BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

g§barts. INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

itlarbintrp, ttc. I:1 A T T OFF ICP MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Mem GEORGE IJAVII & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praeticalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactie res. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

MORECAMBE.— For immediate Disposal, CON- FECTIONERY and RESTAURANT BUSINESS. in splendid position ; satisfactory reasons for leaving.—Apply 18, ElfsTori-a AD, Morecambe.

G- RIDINGROCERY AND FlSH.—Capital SHOP, with large HOU3O attached; fitted up; 42. Station-road, Cheadle Hulme , iplendid chance for an experienced man ; rent £3o.—Apply WlLLwrzr, estate agent, 53, Hulton-street, Moss Side, Manchester.

G OOD PASTRY. Cooked Meats, Provisions, etc., taking £l5 weekiy. Will teach business and prove genuine cash trade. Price £l2O including stock fixtures, oven utensils, etc. For deposit trial allowed.—Apply 126, WEST PARK-STREET, Trafford Road, Salforel.

TO BE SOLD on account of fit-health; Drapery and -1- Smallware BUSINESS; with sweets attached; paid over £200; would sacrifice for £65; good stand; rent low ; no extras ; immediate possession.—Apply Mr. GEORGE ROL LINGSGS. 38, Hobson-street, Park-lane, Macclesfield.

JOHN BROWN & CO. ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (EBrABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

06'10 Dv Ration. BY YR. JOHN MAGI...YIV. 77. BRIDGE-STEET, WARRINGTON. SALE BY AUCTION, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23fm MR. JOHN MAGINN has received instructions from Mr. F. W. K NOWLBS. who is leaving the dis- trict, to SELL BY AUCTION, on the above date, the entire stock of HOUSEHOLD FURNITUfIE. consisting of Dining- room, Breakfastroorn, Bedroom, and Kitchen Furniture: For further particulars see bills.

A LL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, particu- xi_ lars tree.—Address ELIGSON, Box 278, North•street, Nottingham.

PROFITABLE GOODS TO SELL. Every kind. Methods for beginners. Wholesale book free.—Write HENRY MAT, Merchant, (624), Birmingham.

WEDDING RINGS, 22 carat, ss, .sd. pennyweight; weight guaranteed; large stock ; mention paper.— LEWIS, The Ring Maker, 162, Bordesley, Birmingham. --- SINGER'S SEWING MACHINE with cover and extending table complete, nearly as good as new, cost £8 12s 6d, take 24 les.--102, HYDE-ROAD, West Gorton. Manchester.

MIOR BALh' ; good strong spring Cart ; suit builder or 1: farmer; solid oak wheels ; carry any weight ; price £6 or best offer. —J. GALWAY, 18, t\ aterloo•street, St. Helens. 11110) °CHET BRAND (Registered) Hollow ground RAZORS .I.L, from is. each post free. Last a lifetime. Agents wanted to supply hairdressers with special razors.—Address ROCKET RAZOR Company, Sheffield.

VOLD or MARINE GLASSES, Binocular Bye Sunshades; 1 8 Astronomical Lenses ;20ml le range in Leather Sling Case ; new not cheap rubbish, 16s 6d.--Post tree JOSHUA MILES, 77, Mornington road, bmethwick, Birmingham.

DUES 1 PILES. All suffering from Piles get Baselib the Physician's inward effectual remedy, Cured hundreds. Also ointment for outward eczema and all skin itching com- plaints. Post free Is. Id. or both 2s. Iid.—SPEDDING, Bone- setter. Batley, Yorks.

rpo BR SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lat -ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOBKING, 16, Fenwick- street, Liverpool. SOMETHING Useful, new patent -ADJUSTER (polished brass), for old or new awing looking-glasses of all des- criptions, easy to fix. Obtrilnisble in Warrington from 3. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger. Briclge-street,or post free 6d. from Patentee,J. OLDFIELD. St. Werburgh Mount, Chester, - - PRINT YOUR OWN TICKETS.—ASH Rubber Stimps, dating and numbering, pocket and desk stamps. window-ticket printing outfits, solid rubber type printing outfits in many styles, brilliant endorsement inks, self-inking pads, steel daters, numerators, stamp mks, everthing in hand-printing devices ; trade supplied with accessories. Write for Iists.—SIDNEY ASH, Pershore-street, Birminghim.

LADIES' SWIFT BICYCLE, Dunlop Tyres, grand con- dition, only wants seeing £6.—J. CiaLwer,lB, Water- loo-street, St, Helens. SOLO CYCLES.—Gent's built with Starley Westwood Fittings, Clincher or Warwick Tyres to be cleared at £7 each. Boys SOLO Juvenile Cycle, Warwick or Clincher Tyres, £5 each. Guaranteed 18 months. Cash with order. Money returned if not satisfactory.—SOLO CYCLE CO., George-street, Birmingham. - -- WHITSUNTIDE AND SUMMER HOLIDAYS. Reliable Cycles, reliable work and moderate prices are our Special Line. GENT'S SAFETY FREE WHEEL RIM BRAKE £lO lOs GENT'S SAFETY STANDARD £8 10s. LADY'S 10s. extta. Every machine fully guaran- teed. Return railw.ty fare paid to purchasers. SLADE'S ONLY ADDRESS 2, C OLQUITT BOLD Sr., LIVERPOOL.

COV ENTRY CROSS CYCLES. XlO lOS AND 215 15 WITH 1130 DUNLOP TYRES WARRINGTON Agents. PRODS HAM „ T. Booth, Rock Terrace. ST. HELENS „ A. H. Smith, 23, Corporation-st. EARLESTOWN „ F. Holt, Wargrave Road. WIDNES W.Houghton,St•Michael's Ter.Ditton LYSIIII „ H. Copeland, Cycle Depot. LIVERPOOL „ Hitching., Limited, Duke-street. mANOHESTEIi DEPOT: 134, DEANSOATE.

ESTABLISHED 1886. T "F HE ___ LYST THE LYST." Leading Machines in Lancashire. GEORGE LLOYD AND CO., 25, PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL. All machines built on the Premises. Celebrated B.S.A. fittings. Palmer and Dunlop tyre, jointless hollow rim s,Appleby's chains.half inch and inch pitch highly enamelled and brilliantly plated. Superior finish and guaranteed for twelve months. £lO 10s, ALSO THE "F LYST " SPECIAL 7 10s. All kinds of Cycles repaired at the shortest notice. o,ter covers and inner tubes (new) 17s 6d. GEAR CASES NEW, FROM 33 3d. Accessories of all kinds kept in stock. Deal direct with us and save 50 per cent, wholesale and retail.

TRIUMPH CYCLES, £l.O 10S. AND £l5 15s. THE SOLE AGENCY FOR THESE WORLD-FAMOUS CYCLES HAS NOW BEEN TRANSFERRED TO HITCHINGS, LTD., 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CAUTION.—TRIUMPH CYCLES advertised and sold by other firms are obsolete patterns, and do not carry our guarantee._

TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. OLD Worn-out OUTER COVERS RE-RUBBERRD and CANVASSED and made equal to new 103 6d each. All kinds of CYCLE RUrisHR GOODS Stocked, Trade supplied. Best price given for WASTE RUBBER. POLLARD AND CO., LTD. INDIA RUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

UNAPPROACHED. UNEQUALLED. UNSURPASSED. I)QB.S.A. CYCLES, Built of genuine stamped B.S.A. fittings weldlesc steel tubes, lin. or In. pitch roller chain, jointless hollow rims. Clincher tyres, or Westwood rims and Dunlop tyres, any shape handle bar. Machine complete and guaranteed to you for 12 months. We challenge the world in price, style, and finish. ALL WE ASK-41) 1 Cash, or Easy ctJ 1. IS. 6D. Terms arranged. Special Machines for Military, Police, sad Postoffice Purposes, We stook everything connected with Cycles and Cycling. Write for Descriptive Catalogue, post free. RELIANCE CYCLE DEPOT. 17, MANCHESTER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. GREAT CYCLE SALE. SPECIAL BARGAINS FOR WHITSUNTIDE, 1,000 CYCLES MUST HT SOLD, REGARDLESS OF COST. 30 REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. SINGERS, R,ALEIGHS, OSMONDS, BARDS, ETC. ALSO OUR FAMOUS HARDIE CYCLES, LADIES OR GENTS PRICES FROM .E 7 15s. MUST BE SEEN TO BE BELIEVED. Call and Inspect the Largest Stock of Cycles in England. SECOND HAND CYCLES FROM £3. HARDIE LIMITED, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ALSO AT 182, GRANGE-ROAD, BIRKENHEAD, 3030, LORD-STREET, SOUTHPOR . Repairs by Experienced Workmen. Plating and Enamelling done on the Premises.

YOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS TEA AND COFFER SETS Re-plated with pure Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN YEARS In first-class quality. j• AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES. LOCKETS, Scc.. RE-GILT, from 6d.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. Are prepared only by W, LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. by Post tor 14 or 34 stamps.

ORIOKEI.

FRANK SUGGY 32, LORD St., LIVERPOOL, SHIRT AND KNICKER MAKER. ...„,y,„ -4, li, i , -7... ‘Ar 1 I.' k ~ ~ •- 11 iiii I 1 ONE PROFIT ONLY. ONLY ONE PROFIT. \ e ( ':.. to. ,l. : I to Is ‘\L•mi ' l' 1 • • •""alummoldr,:-.-:- FLANNELETTE SHIRTS 25/. per dozen MATTING CLOTH „ 3O/. 1, 1 I UNTEARABLE CLOTH SHIRTS 40/- ~ „ BNiCKERS, 15/-, 18/-, 21/-, 30/-, and 401- Every Pattern and Colour kept in Stock. llustrated Catalogue FREE. Send for one

BAFLEBTOWN V. MANCHESTER CLIFFORD.—Phyed at 1 Earlestown on Saturday. The match ended in a draw, chiefly due to the faulty fielding on the part of the &arias- town players. Score: MANCHESTER CLIFFORD. EARLESTOWN. P Turner b Jenkinson ...... 13 G Husband c Henshaw b F Heald a Heade b Burrell 23 Clapham 0 J Tallantire c Crowther b T Marsh a Heald b Clap- Burrell J E Hunt a Foreman b Miller c and b Tallantlre 15 Alderson 5 W Crowther c Steam b B Stringer c Crowther b Clap' am 5 Alderson 6 14 Foreman b Tallantire 1 H Henshaw run out E Clapham lbw b Alderson 4 F Heade b Clapham 0 llt Taylor a and b Burrell... 2 It Robinson b Tallantire 6 0 Jones b Alderson • 1 W Jenkinson not out l3 J Stearn not out 24 0 hinornett not out 6 A Banton a Foreman b J Burrell did not bat 1 Jen.kinson 2 Extras... 2 Extras 3 Total 134 Total 102 NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. WORSLEY.—PIayed at Newton on Saturday, Score : NEWTON. WORBLEY. W Turton c Richardson b H Bothwell c Carson b Taylor .. 1 Hula' 9 W J Gee b Jackson l2 W Smith b Huish W Mitchell b Tyldesley 33 T Tyldesley b Huialo 0 H Storer c Millington b T W Taylor c Carson b Sugden F B Huish c Tyldesleylb W L Tyldesley c Mitchell Jackson R Carson c Richardson b J D Sugden c Laithwaite Bothwell 2l b finish B Bare not out .. W H Parks b Rothwell 0 B Richardson not out l4 T Williams b Jackson 3 II W Caine not out W Dudgeon, J Laithwaite, H Jackson, F Millington, did not bat did not bat Extras 8 Extras ll Total 169 Total lOO Innings declared for 8 wickets• NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS &,TD V. WORSLEY 2ND.—Played at Worsley on Saturday. Score : NEWTON 2ND. WORSLEY 2ND. H R Hindley b Buckle ... 24 Hon F Egerton 0 Wilkln- H Rylance b Godley A Picton c Godley b W H Godley b Briggs l6 Buckle P Harrison a Price b . J Godley c Hindley b Godley B Henderson b Williamson 33 T Price b Rylance. . .. 5 3 ()arson b Buckle 3 Lord Ellesmere 6 Hindley 7 T Cooke a Egerton b AR Timperlake b HindLy 14 Buckle T Wilkinson st Godley l3 Rylance J Sankey b Buckle l9 W Buckle b Cooke T Briggs c Price b Buckle 2 H Williamson lbw b T Gee not out H Carr not out Extras Total 122 Rota! 129 EARLESTOWN PRIMITIVES V. ST. OSWALD'S. —Played at St. Helens on Saturday. Score : ST. OSWALD 8. ca EARLESTOWN PRIMITIVES. G T Else c Harrison A Almond lbw b Morse 0 ton b E:se J McGuiness b Morse Cs H Banton c Else b Almond 2 C Duncan b Harrison ... J O'Neill b Morse 9 W %torso b Fallon 5 3 Atherton b Harrison...... 6 G Taylar lbw b Else 3 T Rigby not out 5 P Crompton run out 0 li Duncan run out 2 A 'Lamson st Guinness b J A Robinson b Harrison 2 Fallon M Fallon b Morse 3 W Morris b Duncan 6 W Baines b Morse Wilcox b Almond ... 0 W Parrott b Else Extras Tote! EARtsksrows WES s..EYANS V SANKEY BRIDGES WES- LEYINS.—PIayed at Warrington on Saturday, Score : EARLESTOWN wESLEYANB SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN'S. J Sudworth e Watkins b 0 Evans run out l3 Doody 1 Mirrell b J Sudworth ... 0 J Anderton b C Doody F Valentine a B Watkins b Doody c Goslin b F Clare 0 Doody 2O Highley b F Clare Joe Sndworth b Watkins... 1 Bennett b P Clare ' E Goslin b Watkins 1 Leigh c Valentine b F D H Robinson b C Doody 3 Clare F Clare not out. C Porter c Wations b Clare 2 Taylor 1 Watkins not out T Farthing b Taylor . 0 Pemberton c Anderton b J Gilmour e Gorst b Taylor 0 F Clare . T Miles a& b Watkins Extras 0 Extras 3 Total 45 Total

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Cricket. Warrington were again defeated on Saturday when they engaged Cheadle Hulme away from hcme. The visitors placed a weak eleven in the field,Messrs Clarke, Briggs, and Thompson all being absent. The home cap- I tain won the toss, and on the slow wicket put Warring. ton in, B Si!cock and J Callon being opposed by Teather and G E Radford. The start was disastrous,- for with only two runs on I the score sheet, 'Feather broke through Silceck's defence. Ca:lon quickly added nine, when the home professional met with another success, the retiring batsman having made all the runs scored. With Dr Smith and E Connor together, both batsmen forced the pace and a couple of fine drives by Connor were excellent strokes. At 26 Coanor was bowled, and Thewlis being sent back without scoring, the game took a turn in Chead le's favour. W El Podmore joined Dr. Smith, and both batsmen played the bowling confidently, the new comer pulling Radford for four and two from successive deliveries. At 36 Teather bowled Dr.- Smith, and at the same total the visiting captain returned one to the bowler. A useful stand was made by Duckworth, who assisted Podmore to take the total to 48, when the latter was out to a wonderful catch. His innings of 19 was a valu- able contribution, especially when the nature of the wicket is considered. Duckworth continued to score freely, until at 60 he was bawled off his pads. Hampson was out to his potent " leg glide" stroke, failing to time a straight one from Redfern, and the innings closed for 64. Cheadle Halm commenced in disastrous style for ,with only a run scored Harding was bowled. -- However a fine stand was made s hen A. B. Rome joined G. E. Radford. Thewlis was freely hit, and at 24 J. W. Bibby took the ball, and the change at once checked the rate of run getting. At 34 Rome was caught in the slips, whilst from the next ball E. A. Radford was also taken by Dr. Smith. Teather joined Radford, but saw the initial batsman have his middle peg dis- turbed by Dr. Smith. Teather scored freely, and Thewlis resumed, but was promptly despatched to the boundary. Bibby continued to bowl in splendid form, and runs from him only came at rare intervals. At 55 Williams was caught at mid-on but G. E. Haworth stayed with Teather until the latter made the winning hit. Teather was sent back by- Gibson at 69,f0r a vigorously hit 26. The remaining batsmen did next to nothing and ' the last thirteen overs, sent down yielded only a single. ' The innings closed for 74. J. W. Bibby came out with some remarkable figures, his seven wickets costing but 15 runs. --- Angling. The ninth annual COLF.eSt for the Worsloy Canal Fishery championship was decided in favourable weather at Worsley on Saturday. There were 341 competitors, the majority of whom were from Manchester and War- rington. The fishing extended from four o'clock until six under the supervision of Mr. J. Mayhall (Warring— ton), who officiated as referee. The result was declared as follows :—First prize, value £4. carrying a gold medal and the championship for 1900 won by J. Brown (Sale), weight 143 z. ; 2ad, value £3 cash and gold- centre medal, J. Davis (Leigh), 133 z. 4Jr. ; 3rd and 4th a tie, aggregate value £3 in cash, to lam divided between Jesse Sumner (Leigh), and J. Allen, jun. (Pendleton), each being 121 z. 812--dr. ; the sth. value 17s 63, J. Sykes (Swinton), 9)z. 9ar.

Alderman FRANCOMB : If we have got.to pay the sewer rate we think you ought to find some means of taking the sewage. The CLERK: But you have not got to pay it. It iS finished with. Alderman FRANCOME : Would it be a difficult thing for you to join the Corporation sewers at Longford ? The CLERK: I don't know. Alderman FE&NCOMB said it was a state of things that ought to be altered. Property built on land of his own at Winwick was in a frightful state. The whole of the land was water-logged in wet weather. The question was whether it would be a difficult manner to drain into the Warrington Corporatian sewers. Mr. THORNTON doubted whether the levels would be right. Some further discussion ensued the Clerk stating if they were a large urban district it would be a small matter to undertake the expense. Mr. MITSPRATT : We quite appreciate your situation.' The CLERK said the rateable value of Winwick would be of very small value to the parish. It would be of considerable value to that Council and to the Union and also to the County, but the parish itself would not benefit because the Council raised their calls in proportion to the rateable value. After consultation with the members of the deputa- tion, Alderman FRANCOMB said they were of opinion that it would be much better to adjourn the matter for a time, and perhaps the Council would grant them another in- terview later on. In the meantime the Council could make all the inquiries they could, and the Board would do the same. It might also be that they would be able to make a grant if the Council had to take the sewage. They were quite willing to bear any expenses the Coun- cil were put to. This was all the business.

GECRGE HENRY LEE & CO., LTD. BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ARE NOW OFFERING THE WHOLE OF THEIR SURPLUS SEASON STOCK F SPRING AND SUMMER GOODS COMPRISING :- COSTUMES. MANTLES, MILLINERY, FURS, RICH SILRS, DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, FURNISHING AND GENERAL DRAPERY AT GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICES. BASNETT STREET, LIVEPOOL.

BR#OOKE, BONDS TEA BROOKE, BONDS TEA BROOKE, BONDS TEA BROOKE, BONDS TEA 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY- NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY- NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 Tag NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE Buys HALFA-POUND TEE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND TEE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LIBELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN TEE LABELLED:PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE BROW, BONDS TEA BROCMCE, BONDS TEA BROOKE, BONDS TEA Illux)KE, BONDS TEA BROOKE, BOND 8: Co., LTD.. Tea Merchants iby Appointment to ;the People, 17, PICCADILLY, } MANCHESTER, 12 Zs 14, LONG MILLGATE, and at Leeds, Bradford [and Loud .

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. M. MASSY, FRUITERER AND FLORIST, COVEEED MARKET, AND ACTON GRANGE NURSERIES WARRINGTON. DESSERT FRUIT A SPECIALITY. Fresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables fro Garden Daily. Orders by Telegram and Letter receive every care an PrOrapt attention. TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS :- MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTON.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, otthe Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAIM AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37. RENSHA.W-STREET, LIVERPOOL. SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SIMPLE TDB 3i POST is, 3. AND BD. EACH. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL.

ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7s. 6D. AND 10S. 6D. 485 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN ATTHR SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS. WAGONETTES, Sze., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEmoNE No. 169 BRANCH OFFICE 24, HORSE %LARK ET-ST. OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE. WARRINGTON.

SKELTON'S LIMITED, ENORMOUS STOGis. OF PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be pool ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5-0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelvvall, Newchurch • a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, dtretton, Warburton. and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manehester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and Sonth-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle , Ma a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormekirk, Beth, Borist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Mancheste S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m —Liverpool, Southport, Birkenhead, Northwieh Nantwich and Sandbach 2-45 p.m .—Frodsham. Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Whines Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.A.merica 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland.Ll verpool,Birkenhead Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Juetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE High-st., New ton POSTMASTER Mr.Janses Jordan Hours of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m The Teler.raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 81, n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL Pow. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. ET TER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m , LIST OF DESPATCHES Showingthetime to which a letter can be posted with ord in ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp;

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts WO3t of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens. Southport. and S ..411 Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Wight Mall. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OPPICES, AND W .LL BEES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: • RECEIVING HOUSE— I WEEK-DAYS. Earlestown and 8 p.m.

ITHOMAS DRUG STORES, 118, KINGSL AND-ROAD. LONDON. N. 8., Genito-Urinary, Skin and Blood Diseases, Loss of Nerve Power. Varicoiele and Allied Troubles, cured by Special treatment.—Particulars post free. Advt. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your ha is turning grey orvvbite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 35 6d per bottle.— Advt' FLORILINE I—Foil THE TEETH AND BREA:YR.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, previ.rits tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or 15. per jar for the Florilint "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. iidts CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 45. fid act], of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors iii ough nt the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Toe incoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, wITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more =pie form, Take some good Compound such a:: COCKL''S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, 17A and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. • , K Las g?,- FREE FROM MERCURY. A OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. s pi 111 For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Specially Prepared for the !Use of Cyclists. TINS 1/- & 6d. f m all Dealers. Sample Tins by Post:l/3 & Bd. JOHNSON'S SIKH OIL

MANUFACTURED BY J. H. & S. JOHNSON, 6, 8 & 10, WILITECHAPEL & 7, CHURCII STREET, LIVERPOOL.

'1 1.1 tidg IR I • 1 ~.73.7. .. . '... . . . l 0 / ; . <i1ti..415. . .a. Iro 010 at'"W-I!l§l—ir----.Z.6, lity I I 4. -44111111111L1r.t...0...., .', ; :08i110Xliireell 'l. **l 1116110/It ir° ''. ~1LL,,,_.....:,-,:.....-, ..........,..„. .7.---

MERFtYVVEATHER'S - • • S. - "'GA,* • tott H • • C LAS S.; ':;;;'0. AR. D 'EN S E, D ON. • ,AK EPS, OF:HIGH LS;IjQE TN THE WOR LD.

•.- . ih Is a wonderful waterprooferfo lk'aler BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. lug with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. re.y. L. Tins 2d.. 6c1., 11- & 216 of Boot ill . ari Makers Saddlers, Ironmonreors t57.c. 'Manufactory Dulwich, London. '

HAVE YOU A 0 -BAD LEG W woundsiledurrouncled with ftti s dischargernmati o n nonr dostwhoeflweniset'har wrnLea you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the Im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have pi:tended various hospitals and had medical advice, and oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am putation ; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't is perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is n reason for not now being cured. Bend at once a Postal Orde for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBBRT, 73, FARRINGDON-BTREET LONDON and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS whlchis a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Lege House maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols Rand Bunions, Registered Copy! ight.)

• , A; .f.'±-% is",E ' . K ~,,.., 7t.... 1LL.„,,,„„z„,..3 ,-,....-1.. 'ALL. INSECTS • • 1 \ - .......,,.................. ..... O:."'Z', i'. —rAFT7t--111`7").17.1741c,„---",, % • siAP ll+ Or poet free Mr Pedal Order to . JOHN CALAaRESE & CD., ID., 6 Billiter Bidgs. Billiter St LONDON.

DR. DE. ROOS' CORPOUND RENAL PILLS Ace justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe an speedy remedy for Pains in .the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Bladdar. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, t•WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Cornarissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s• 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Holford-square, Leaden, W.C.

WILLIAM B AYLIFF, Billiard Table Maker.

fy, 71- Tables Re-Cushioned, Re-Clothed, and Set. Cues, Balls, In stock. Various designs of Tables in stock. Patentee of the Two-li4ht Billiard Porldvli Estimates Free. 9, Tyrer street, Hou-laton Street Liverpool. Established 1E47. Telephoae 7082.

eRiET.' TENNIS, ..7 Cycling, Running, and all Sporting Requisites May .e obtained of • : 4' , tv 4.. , 1. - , -.. ... At -, 1, -. Lis • , '‘il '.t.4,,. ') .. ,if •••• ,: td. . ‘,...~ .4 ''V '' A• ; • ~ a ,• 5...„. 0 i--.... .;,.:. ...., . ~,,... ~.-. —1.....,_ . _ w HOLBORN, LONDON, E.C. THE CHEAPEST, BEST, AND MOST LIBERAL HOUSE IN THE TRADE. - Write or Call for Illustrated Catalogue. Prompt attention given to all Country Orders. Orders over 10s. CaEriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). , TENNIS BALLS. 0.•^1.2 NNIS . The"Gamage," the Bost Ball in the 41:::22.. :leftk Market ; regulat,on size and wt ight :i--tVF-PTE RACKETS 'r• per cioz. rif.. ,-•-E•r- ,: . %;:IV 'z • 11.7,7: 2 ' i7-?'.----..'"';'-", Ayres's "Champion ".• • • ,12 - 'Cf:", . -•.•-••• . -.. ...... i . • Slazenger's" Ch.mPion " • • „ , The "Referee" Cc I t Covered __-.,:. Black Tennis Itae ket 106 , and Cemented .. • • 7;61 s' ': 2..• ~ guaranteed, 20,9 Gamage's Practice • • • . „ 53 -..,,,,.N..,1 Poles and Nets complete • • from 9/- .'lsieter'- ' ..,,, Cedar Handle, full size, 3/11 •• The Fish Tail.. 56 The Gamage "'Champion," 6/9; The "Referee" 9/- BATTING GLOVES. Holborn " close strung .. .. .. 1116 White Leather, Grey Rubber, men's from 111;.1 E The " Demon "'(Blazenger's) • • • - • • -• 1.116 youths', 3,9. = 12 BATS. Half-Cane Handle, size 4, 2/6; size 5. 2111: size G ZIG GAUNTLETS Sf-r-- All-Cane Handle, size 4. 8/61 ; size 5, 413; size 6.. •3/11 Chamois Leather. men's 2:11- youths' .. .. 2;8 1--. Selected All-Cane, Men'f. • . • • • . • . 4111, '7/6 Chamois Ventilated, men's 36.; youths' .. .• 316 L" PainfargiereAl Yorkshire"neM Dsriirer.".;varrinted: 918.! Pirlg 1: damage's specially selected 'Referee:guaranteed 176 CRICKET SHIRTS. The" Gamage " Patent Double Spliced Bat , 18/6 -----IK4 All Wool White Flannel,- CRICKET BALLS. 3/11, 4111, h ' The Club Mat Shirt, W e, A Gamage's Australian, Catgut sewn .. .. • • 5/.. • g.) ' . Pink, Blue • . 26 & 0 -T. Gamage's "Referee" 3-seam Match .. • • • • 44 Fine WbiteMatalasse• • / Gamage's " Club" Match Ball. 3 seams • • • • 316 • 'L? N , Composition Balls, Youths', '74d.; match. 5i oz. 9d. 0 • FLANNEL . "Eclipse." match size, 1/9. Postage 3d. -.. . TROUSERO. .. 4,x. LEG GUARDS. L'. Plain White, 5111. en. Moleskiar Guards, youths', 3/3; men's.. .. 3/6 Wt i 10/11. 124 Buckskin guards, youths', 5/6; men's.. • • 5111 Grey, Plain or Stripes— STUMPS. 4/11. 6,11. 9/131. to!Wied Ash, youths' 26 in., 1/5; 28 in. 1)11; UMPIRE COATS. Super Brancilferrules. 26 in., 2;6 —2B in., 219 " 2/6 White D . uck, all sizes, 811; super quality.. 10;11 ; ; men' s 31- Suplz Brass Tops, Steel Shoes,youtha ,41/6; men's 41r11 .. 6/11, 6re. she TENNIS OR CRICKET JACKETS. Diito, ditto, with Revolving Tops •• •• • • la' Plain Colours, Circled Edges • • • • 3/11, 616 .• ' Special cluo Colours, in Stripes, Dyed to Order. 1 -:.;----',.-:: r:.L.. ,:-.:-.i1..,L-:: [. Estimates Pree. / 7.±. :—.7.----;--r‘:71,7-f--,-----,j'il.7--i:-.„,--.14.2.: '/, ' i CRICKET OR TENNIS BELTS. ...F..• ~_-_,.: / , : s Elastic Web, Plain Colours and Stripes, 6d. and 10}d. r..,:,,-. j7l-; . ~ :i, a ~, CRICKET BOOTS AND 7 TENNIS SHOES Buckskin Cricket Boot— " 1,, . : r ~ ... . : , y _: __ ....- ,-, _.- -- --,:- -- -........ ...,._.s..__-.....g_ = ....,- .. . . . ;17t •- --- - '•••----,...,..... _ _ t_ ~"/,,`,_'-_,•_.. _ _ ___ _ t ' . •i.. 56,1016, 12/6, 14/6, 166, 211- The " Referee" Tennis Shoe, Tan Calf or White Buckskin— ik. ... -..-1"- NETS. r-..,.......„ 1216, 146, 166 /"---,diffik Brown or White Canvas Shoes, with Back Nets, _._. .. • • .. • • eoMplete from 213 ' 4_ll .II LI _kr; plain or corrugated Rubber Soles, Double Wng Nets • • ••. - - • • „ 1,719 from 26 The County Council Regulation A: W. GAMAG4 E, Ltd., Holborn/ London, E.C. _

t.. 5.:,., t• • L't & . rat ~, a za,,,.1.- il 1 ' .i, ~ • ar S' .64P 1:• .i.‘i.. • , ',T.., I; 1,,-,1 *A. •„ • . .' ' e_t ."51.27 t ;'t i:‘V :5 ' " `:. .. ?A,4';= ~ —'. ~ -• '. ' P' :,- "Z`,' ..• CURES BRONCHIT/S, ASTHMA INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY. 8:43. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF * Stiff Joints, Sprain.s, Etuuorns, Scalds, amid EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. itanufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendor

• itenWV PINNYTTYAL IoSTEEL ••• -•, . JA-44".g.lvt.ft S - • ;.% CORfICT 4.LL G Qolgegren. oxs, and reiirve the distressing; M l sym m ptos sa prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/1k& 2,9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 13 or 81 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Co., hdimnfacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Pmtaro of imiN:tons, injurinv4 and unrthiou

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with ; comfort and pleasure. In bottles: from all Grocers. 79 _1,4

rt. -. •v* • t.-v. ' F 4- A 44, r;LtE IA Pr-)rn the first dose *zerine Gts cease. It has cured PEIZMANYNTLY the w,rst ense3 of Fidlepsy when every other remedy had failed. Price 4%. Gd. and 11.5., Post Free, nonsands ef Testimonials. S..nef fir a Free Sansfile Bottle, and tot U. Wilts t,o—ilfrp,rtmAnt 7.) i. W. 3h7 IC Z-1- I. Pharmaceutics.] Chemist. 2.5. High Street. Belfast.

SYMINGTON'S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles. from all Grocers. GUARANTEED PURE, 100

MANLY MEN' Why suffer from 'pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send fcr my book, which shows lidsir every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and 9varanteed genui " I cannot find words to express ~w I am. I used to think I never would gee cure 1. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I shoi,ld have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." " I have carried out your Instructions, and am now per fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free. for two stamps. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street. L-indon, W.C. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Success

CYCLES 2s. 6D. WEEKLY Carriage paid; immediate delivery. - . , Any make or style supplied. New ti.. and second-hand from £6 6s. Agenta - lffilp- wanted. Address— DEREHAM ROAD CYCLE CO., NORWICH.

." E v • R y ,r N SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Orgiarue Derangements may be successfully treated with tomaoli medi:".6tion. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, in a plain sealed envelope, tree of charge—A. E. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCERY LANE. LONDON. Over 30 years' continuous success.

Local Receiving Order. A receiving order has been made under the Bank- ruptcy Acts in the case of John Nicol, watchmaker, Buttermarket-street, Warrington. 'Ow At Altrincham, on Wednesday, Isaac Barnett, com- mercial traveller, Altrincham, was charged with hawk- ing cigars in the street at Sale on Tuesday afternoon. Defendant offered to sell boxes of cigars to a constable in plain clothes, and also went to several shops and tried to dispose of them. Defendant said he represented a cigar firm, and had been getting orders from retailers. He was ignorant of the law, and this was his first offence. Defendant was find £5 NEW ST. HELENS MAGISTRATES. The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (Lord J3M0.1 of Hereford), has added Mr. Joseph Massey and Mr. Richard Austin Pilk,ngton to the Commission of tbe Peace for St. Helens.—Mr. Joseph Massey is a local solicitor, one of the most recently elected aldermen of the Borough Council, and a very prominent and active Conservative. He has a record of considerable service in the Council, particularly as deputy-chairman of the Health Committee. The Inew magistrate, Mr. Richard Austin Pilkington, is the eldest son of Colonel W W Pilkington, of the Haz4s. Prescot. a senior member of the great glass firm of Pilkington Brothers. Mr R A Pilkington is quite a young man. He is regarded as a Unionist, though he has taken little part in local politics. He has been some two years or so on the Library Com- mittee. He will be the youngest magistrate on the St. Helens bench. !MST BOOTS FO ALL,NUNDER THE CLOCK.— rt HOW TO INCREASE YOUR INCOME (problem solved) twenty additional agents required. excellent terms to ener getic men of good character (whole or spare time).—Apply W Taylor,Superintendent Wesleyan General Assurance Society 14, Cairo-street. Warrington.—Advt. PREMIER CYCLES price £9 17s 61.--J. S. GARLAND, Cycle Factor, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD 41300T9.—Advt

AUGUST HOLIDAYS. During the month of August there will be a happy stream of holiday makers flowing towards ouri health resorts. To secure more visitors, several towns, remarkable for their enterprise, are claiming the proud title of " Queen of Water- ing Places." They cannot all be " Queens," and the public know well how to discount such claims when not merited. But in the tea world there are no conflicting claims, for one tea, and one tea alone—BitooxE, BOND'S —stands out and reigns supreme as the "Queen of Teas." It is the tea that has the most deligioucflavour and aroma ; the tea that is always delightfully stiinn- lating and invigorating ; the tea that makes a friend of every lady who drinks it. In short, it's as refreshing as a summer breeze, and almost as cheap, for " the Nimble Ninepence Buys Half-a-pound I" SOLD BY 30,000 AGENTS AT 1/6 PER LB FULL WEIGHT WITHOUT THE PAPER, BROOKE, BOND'S TEA.

FOR FiRST-C.LASS PRIVA D EiN TIST IreY . AnDointments unneeesessry,irat may be arrang TEETH. All consultations rec. TEETH. Each patient Informed beforehand the cost work required. TEETH. Gold and ether fillings a: rcorlerßte • charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady 11:,tendahts. TEETH. nless itxotr ;irons: hitherto by the TEET LI. Maker to Dentists Q I.,tDQ gx.llens ' weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKIOIi (DENTIST BY EXAM (Telephone 1680. ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.rc. EARLE5T0WN...........—.-7, BRIDGE-SIRE a TIDISDAY. 2 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDiY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ....... -.-...._31, BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. • NORTH WICH 18, APPLEMARK F:1-=-TREBT FRIDA)., 11 tc. 12 nd 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. • FLOYD—ALLEN—August 4th. at the Ptrish churep' NVarrington, by the Rev G. W Dickinson, James WiIRAO Floyd to Elizabeth Ann Allen. HAnetscrs—BAßKEß—Augugt 4th, at the Parish Claurei• Warrington, by the Rev G. W. Dickinson,Timothy Alll2so Harrison to Eliza. Barker. HoLT—Hur..—August 4th, at the Parish Church.Warringtoo,' by the Rer G. W. Dickinson. IA illiam Moir, to Emma TRIGGER —TAYLOR—August sth. at the Parish Chart.: Warrington, by the Rev G. W. Dickinson, Henry Trlgge' to Mary Taylor. Locirwrr —CLEE—August 6th, at the Parish Chu _ire- Warrington, by the Rev A. F. White, Charles Richisy" Lockett to Elizabeth Oleo. • , RODGERS—DOLPHIN—AUgUSt 6th. at the Parish Churt Warrington, by the Rev A. F. Wh.te, Arthur Rodgers Harriet Dolphin. BETTLES—HALL— August sth, at the Parisi: Chn.-0 Warrington, by the Rev A. F. White. Francis Betties t Hannah Hall. GRAHAM—DAVIES —August 6th, at tho Parish Churl: Warrington, by the Rev A. F. White, ,iliciv.rd Grabs'o Elizabeth Davies. MCCORMICK—APPLETON—August 61hatt the Parish Chtlr6j!.., Warrington, by the Rev A. F. White, Daniel McCorrnic to Mary Elizabeth App'eton. DEATHS. RICHARDSON—August Ist, at Greenall- street, Warrina— James Richardson. aged 7 years. DUTTON—August 3rd, at Gas-street. Warrington, Elizabet° Dutton, aged 28 Years. FURNIVAL—August 4th, at Laira-street, Warrington -M . g'is Furnival, aged 63 years. BUCKLEY —August sth. at Hopwood-street, WarringNija Emily Buckley, aged 12 years. -mtl• SPENCER —August 51h, at Ellesmere-street. Warrinv- Elizabeth Spencer, aged 83 years.

- _ FRIARS' GREEN. Warrington Onp.lsite Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Essentigh's.) S. T. WARD AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. Sz:Co eats. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Muuum Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Gran"' Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISI/1* MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
