===== 0002601_19000706_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 104 cer

===== 0002601_19000706_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS, HARROFS, LIMITED, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, 4/118 PREPARED TO SUPPLY AT CASH PRICES. Sold on instalment3 (not Hire). TE.4MS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS. BUY FROM THE MAKER. AGENTS WANTED.

rr I.II.ALLINVELL. DON'T FoRGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MA.TtKET. OPEN EVER DAY FOTt GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES..

===== 0002601_19000706_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
iPAYhTo SAC., Vi CT., IVII1(Orga. H. (Organist an' c l(N r?nar: °. s t erUro. Wycliffe Sf " IiRCRIVItS PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTk., HARMONY, COU.NTRRPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC, etc ,at own or pupil's p•sidenea. Pupils prepared for any examinations excent London College of Music. Tegms moderate,—Apply 58, LEGH•STREET, Warrington.

JOBN WALKER, &

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGR,AMMES,&c. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOE SOIREES. PROGRAMMES • FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

XA. MINER OFFICh, WARRINGTON.

JOHN WALXER AND Co., EXAMINER" OFFICI?, MAMMOTH POSTLILS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTIMS. LAAGH TYPH MAMMOTH POSTEHS. FO MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMoTH POSTEt,S. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in he Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

ENVELOPES 2S. PE R 15000. EXAMINER" OFFICE,

pRINfING, BOOKBINDING' PAPER )ULED ANY pA.TTERN.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues. Conditions of Sale. Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Conterts, Soirees, Balls. &e. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rul.s, Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings,Mernorandurns, Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business Visiting and Mourning Cards, Handbilis, &c. Solicitors, Merch tnts, Manufacture, s,Tradesmen, and others enquiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trial

PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIE, JOHN WALKER AND CL, EXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Olaittp,

i.:150,000 At from 4 per eent.to be Advanced on. Mortgaee or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowere,in any part of the couzitrc.—.T. W. RELDXIi. 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

£86,500 TRU], vAEDLAON;Cs LR ADVANCE cIO s 7 1 Interest ES , from 31 per cent. CHIEF itlNr, von sAL Bao vvN 504. Loid-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 7486. Eat. 1872.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES 0 PRIVATRLY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen. and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, v, ithout delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNEs• WARRINGTON at mj Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely tte same attention. Loans in sums of £‘s, £7. £lO, £23. £3O, £BO and upwards.

- -- T ONDON AND PROVINCIA LOAN 00113PANY. LOA/sD'i £3 TO £5OO DAILY. TO ALL TIRSPROTABLN HOUSRHOLDRUS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATH. also LOANS crante 1 on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions. Life Interests, Frceho'd and Leasehold Property, £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. „ 2/6 £25 12/6 „ £lO 5/- £3O 15/- „ 215 .. 7/6 £35 „ 17/6 No Fees or Fines Charged. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. thU'e Hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Sat.irdays 9to 1 p.m. Apply to JOSYPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, Mersey-street. Warrington.

s.otlutFPly sin t bout, or Law() Btills. of Sale, Pub From One Month to Five Years. THE NATIONAL MERCANTIL!! BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, M ANCHBSTBR. natal— 1875. The Directors of this weli-known old-estaYished Bank are prepared to offer exceptional adyantaites to all resiLonaible persons in need of ternpoimry cash assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCE s made daily on borroe..!ea simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. Away, in strictest confidence, to Mr. ROBRRT JAMES, Manager. SPBCIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge pre. liminary or inquiry fe?s, and the usual otij,ctionable loan office routime is entirely disp.nsed wit h. NOM—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGKOUS TERMS Fort LOANS ON LIFE INS URA NCB POLICIES. REVERSIONS AND SECOND MORTOAGES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARLS. 0/3 BORROWER'S OWN YROAISSORY NOTE. AT MUCH LOWER INTERIM' THAN USUALLY CHAhGED NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has carried on BUSINESS for thirty years, and always under HIS OWN NAM. He has always endeavoured to act in a We* and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets which, with Prospectus and Terms, may be obt.ined Free of Charge ott Application, personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 18, RCHOOL-LANR, LIVERPOOL. or to the

Head Office. 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

Elie "Cranium- " ,S. rite. OP LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPEHa Comprises THE Warringtots and Ali -Cheshire Examiner. Dub J. lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Arewton Examiner, publisbed every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday .1 afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- 'k day morning, and THE Wanes Examiner, published every Friday 1. morning.

PREPAID ADV ERTISMIENTS. One charge secure, insertion of the undermentioned Adve:... tisements in ALL the FIVE EX IMINERS. V7ANTEDS. TO BR LtiTS 18 WORDS 6n ON SA.LEzi, And 31 tor each tuceeding 9 words eiIIIPAID A J.V 4,4Cl.lbNed if . One Three Six Week Weeks Weeks Os ... .1s 31. 2s. Od. Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. 38. Od. is Od. ... 2s. 6,1. 48. Od. is. 3d. ... 3s. 1.1 ss. Od. is. 6. ... 3s. B+l 6s. Od. THE Runcorn Exam in—, published Friday More tag. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district arid offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrHE Widnce Examiner, published Friday mom. ing. Widnes contains the largest slumber of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal, Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are insertett n All the ab +ye papers at one cisar;,,,e. THE WA RiiINGTON Sz; MID-CEIESHIRE EXAMINEa THE"ST. HELENS EXAMINER. AND PRESCOT WEEKLY NEWS." THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND RAyDOCK REPORTER." THE " RUNCORN EXAMINER." AND THE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

Words

=NM

===== 0002601_19000706_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
at, ;

===== 0002601_19000706_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r -

===== 0002601_19000706_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
rZ i 4, il, :‘, f - P , i !

:,11 i k 1

1.. )

===== 0002601_19000706_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
INIcDOMAI I A'S PATE MARES THE NT SELF—RAISING FLOUR BEST PASTRY

===== 0002601_19000706_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

NOTHING strengthens a woman's self-oonfidence like a proposal. NAPOLEON made a great many men prominent—. among others, the Duke of Wellington. Music may be considered classical when it corn. man& praise from people whom it bores. SATIRE is like a mustard-plaster; we don't feel the sting until we apply it to ourselves. MANY a man ruins himself trying to live up to his reputation.. Willow a woman takes you into her confidence, don't allow yourself to be too much taken in. IF you want to mislead people as to your real character, be perfectly honest with them.

" Grvz us a pen'orth o' oysters gov'nor." "Why not go tuppence, and have a whole one?" MANY a young man who has entered on a carter has been glad soon afterwards to get a steady job. IF some people were brighter, they wouldireflect more; and, by the way, if they would reflect more, they might be brighter. A MAN is startled sometimes when he thinks of his former ignorance; but he generally feels that his present knowledge is ample IT is hnpossible to satisfy everybody ; and the folks who endeavour to avoid satisfying anybody have almost as difficult a task.

" REGOIE Lummox is such a conceited thing," said Molly. "He calls me a man-hater just because he heard I said I didn't iike him."

WHEN some people are building up a reputation they are inclined to use inferior material in places where they think it won't show. COMMENT.—Maud : " Cholly hasn't been quite himself of late." Rose: "No! I hadn't noticed any improvement." AN INDICATION.—She: "Has he distinguished himself in any way?" He: "1 judge from his distingue air that he has not." "No," said the Klondike miner,- gently but firmly, to the applicant for relief: "I'll give you money, but I can't let you have any food." The applicant for relief turned sorrowfully away. AMATEUR SCIENTIST "Can you explain to me the reason why so many people become insane ? " Guyer: " The answer ought to suggest itself. They have no reason." MRS. BROWN (after shopping) : "Mrs. Smith manages to get such bargains, and SO many of them !" Brown: "Oh, well, I suppose money is no object with her." DIVERSE METHODS.—" Every man has an ideal woman that he never mentions to his wife." " Yes ; and every woman has an ideal man that she is everlastixgty holding up to her husband." LADY (to applicant for servant's place) : "Have you ever been charged at the police-court with any crime ?"—Applicant (promptly): "No mum; but 'a —blushing—" I'm being courted by a police. man."

BEFORE AND Arm—" Before we were married you used to write me three letters a day." "Did I, really?" "Yes, you did. And now you are annoyed just because I ask you to write me a little bit of a cheque." SLEEP.—The villain clutched the jagged stone frantically. " With this," he hissed, his bosom heaving, "I could pat him to sleep for ever r' For -there are, to a virtual certainly, sermons in stones.

HAROLD FREDERICK says the day will yet come when Paris will repent her hasty condemnation of M. Zula, and name a street for him. We suppose what Mr. Frederick really means to say is that Paris will rue it.

THE PROPER CAPER.—Mr. Millyuns (briskly): "Want my daughter, eh? Well, how mucti are you worth? Money talks, you know." Bob Hard. up cheerfully) : " Yes—l know; but I'd ba willing to let her do most of the talking." "I'D be better off if I were dead," complained Cynicus ; "but, then, I suppose, nobody would take the trouble to bury me decently." "Oh, Mr. Cynicus," said Miss Daisy Candor, with the ready sympathy of sweet sixteen, "why, I'm sure all your friends would bury you gladly." MORE PARENTAL WISDOM. -" Bobby asked 1118 what a philosopher was." "What did you tell him?" "I told him a philosopher was a person who could trump-up dozens of good reasons why other people ought to be perfectly satisfied with their lot in life."

THE MEEKEST MAN KNOWN.-Mr. Greymair awoke from his doze with a start. " Gracious !" he exclaimed. "I have been asleep, my dear. Would you mind repeating what you said last 1 I think you were at 'shilly-shallying, shiftle:LE wretch' when I dropped off." UNCOMPLIMENTARY PRECAUTION.—Friend (over the wine after dinner): "Your wife is certainly a brilliantly handsome woman. I should think you would be jealous of her." Host (confidentially): "To tell you the truth, Robbins, I am. I never invite anybody here that a sane woman could pos- sibly take the least fancy to." TARING No UNNECESSARY RlSKS.—Scene, pit of theatre. First Theatre-goer (leaning forward and whispering to the theatre-goer in front of him): "Beg your pardon, but won't you ask your wife to remove her hat? I can't see the stage." Second Theatre-goer (whispering back) : "Ask her yourself, please. You don't know her as well as I do." _ _ _

A BOY being asked to describe a kitten, said: "A kitten is remarkable for rushing like mad at nothing whatever and stopping before it gets there." It must have been the same boy who thus defined scandal—" It is when nobody ain't done nothing, and somebody goes and tells."

Gi.ux : "I believe you're getting deaf, old man:: Gilks : "I'm not; could never hear better in my life." Glux (producing a watch): "Can you hear that watch tick?" Gilks (triumphantly): "Distinctly." Glux : "That's queer. The watch isn't going !"

FAMILY LIKENESS. —Mrs. de Firm: "I tremble to think of our daughter marrying thaty oung man. Why, he orders his mother and sisters around as if they were slaves." Mr. de Firm: "Don't worry, dear. He won't order our daughter around more than once. She takes after you."

TOGETHER they were looking over the paper. "Oh, my—hoe fenny !" she said. "What is it?" he asked. "Why, here's an advertisement that says 'No reasonable offer refused.' " "What's odd about that?" "Nothing, nothing," she replied, trying to blush, "only those are my senti- ments." ' SIR HERCULES LANGRISHE was a wonder even in the days of four-bottle men. On being found alone with half a dozen empty claret bottles he was asked, " Weat, surely you have not got through them without assistance?" "Oh, no !" he replied, cheerfully, "I had the assistance of a bottle of Madeira." WHY HE LIKED THEM.—" Yes," he said, "I am very fond of the old poets." "Why," she exclaimed, "I didn't know yen ever read them." "That's why I like them. You can put the old poets up on a shelf in the library where they cao't force themselves on your attention, and let them stay there." Miss WELLwoon : "Yes, I belong to the Dauhters of the Revolution, and pride myself upon being the most distinguished member of the society." Mr. Hargreaves: "Indeed ! I sup- pose you trace yout lineage back to some man who was a lion in his day, eh?" Miss Well- wood : " No, my great-great-granafather was only a private# but from all that I can /earn he seems to he been the only one in the whole army.'' A REAL MEAN MAN.—" My dear," he said, as he laid down his paper, "you ought to read that address by Mrs. Mouser, the eminent lecturer on woman's work. She says that whenever a wife gets angry she should stop and carefully oonsider the matter for 10 minutes before saying a word to her husband. That's a grand idea." "It is, eh?" "I consider it so." "And where will you be when I begin talking?" "Oz, I don't know; somewhere down the street, I presume. But don't let that interfere with you at all; EXPLAINED.—She had bought some bric-a-brac, and her husband was inspecting her purchases. One of them was a small Asiatic idol, with an especially grotesque figure and an exceptionally hideous leer. "Is that your idea of beauty?" he said. "There's no doubt at all that it ig very artistic," she answered with a little indignation. "Well, if that's whatyou consider attractive I can at last understand how you wanted me to wear the necktie you gave me on my birthday."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Pluitrated Book -containing valuable information ot how all Irregularities and Obs*ructions may be entirely avoided r r removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sere and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousanda of genuine misolinited l'estimon ia from all over the World.—P. Hr,aNctimal D 118Cpn lan London.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.,

ah DEAR NELLIE,

There are many pretty styles in summer finery for the young ones. Foulards in small patterns make charming best dresses for girls over nine years old, and a nice way of making up a blue and white one, for instance, is with a gathered skirt edged with a band of cream lace insertion laid on the foulard, and a full, pouched bodice, the fronts of which are striped with three perpendicular bands of the lace: These latter start from the edge of a deep, slightly-pointed yoke, made of alternate bands of tucked mull-muslin and lace insertion, a small falling collar of •lace-bordered foulard outlining the yoke. The sleeves are finished with lace, and the sash, which is tied at the left side of the front, is of wide blue satin- ribbon. The same style would look very well carried out in deeper blue foulard with trimmings of ecru lace, the yoke in this case being of piece lace laid over white satin or glace silk. Another pretty model would be successful in foulard or nun's veiling, the collar being either white or of the colour of the material, and the small pointed vest of tucked muslin or fine lawn.

A smart fichu is a never-failing help where av old bodice requires smartening up or otherwise altering, and it gives a becoming breadth to toc narrow shoulders. But a fichu needs very careful adjustment, else it becomes a thing of beauty spoilt. A well-fitting fichu must be caretully shaped at the neck, and given sufficient spring on the shoulders, or it will bunch up and give the wearer a hump-backed appearance. A good recipe for a slightly-fluted fichu is to cut out a half-circle, in diameter about a yard, and out of this take an oval-shaped piece from the centre, leaning thE fichu about seven or eight inches wide at thE centre of the back, and sloping away to a poini at either end. This secures a well-fitting and simple fichu.

Simplicity is observed as an element of novelty exhibited in the latest millinery ; indeed, the multi- brimmed hats, with their artistic lines, are often not adorned at all. One hat I saw the other day was a yellow straw chapeau, wreathed with pink roses resting on a background of black chiffon ; a combination of colour that made for coolness of effect, an absence of effort, and undoubted style. A lady whom I met the other day was wearing a hat with black velvet round it, all set in groups of threes. The hat, made of cream-coloured chiffon, with a crown of black fancy straw, had for trim- ming a large rosette of black velvet ribbon, and a bunch of velvet carrots, realistically orange, with a circle of green round the top of each, and a spray or two of the vegetable's feathery foliage. Green currants are rather a favourite trimming, and among flowers the rose is a long way ahead of any other for purposes of millinery.

I have of late observed a numbet of silk dresses worn by ladies. A dress of white glace silk trimmed with frills, each one bordered with narrow black velvet, is being made with elbow sleeves, also finished with frills and a tucked muslin chemisette run with the narrow black velvet. Another white glace silk is embroidered all over with black dots, aid is trimmed with an embroidery in which black and white are about equally mingled. Many ladies will wear dark blue skirts, pale blue anC, white striped shirts, with knots of scarlet, scarlet sashes, khaki felt hats, and shoes to match.

Straw paillettes are an innovation, used chiefly for day gowns, in meandering patterns, rather than massed solidly together. Gold braiding and gold ria,lon is a feature on white piqué, linen or sergedresses, forming the neckbands, and worked in -handsome patterns on the revers and lapels. Drill, linen, and nankeen are materials preferable for washolg dresses to pique, which is apt to pre- sent such a very gtarched and stiff aspect after many visits to the laundry. A very nice dress, worn by a la dy I saw yesterday, was in white erpe de Chine, inlet kal over with motifs of black lace, and a deep band of black chiffon round :,rie waist. The best ' fashionable dresses show evidence of an amount of handwork which demonstrates the fact that the high charges of good dressmakers are accounted for by the time and labour spent on clothes rather than by the material.

Your loving JENNIE.

.1' . . t• tit . i I. .:•'-'i I/. 4' t. 2. '11,1.• ' , , ''..4".cl / / / 1 1 1 if tut.,,,, it,•• / 1 # ' iiiPirk . • • \J )r•

„ . . • , /it ..!: le i..-,,f,' ~.. •.., 1....ir-‘ / / ~-. . . Pt • , ~/ 4,- G) 9 42 . --S-1,•#70-'-/-/ ' • VA, y.,; c?!.gal:', „..r. .1; • 'ti viii'. I/. l'i tii,i+.::' :illf':' I •,i i lii /it/ ' ~/.7, --'"2l '1 --sllll#llll I 1 I l'• tei‘ 1 1 , 7------.ll* lqiiiiit.,,,,,,. 6 . \ \ gr • ,Yri 1:i 1:t ,;.:(, • I i •-' 4 I': 'An. , ii- , i'.' \ \ ..9 . • • p 1.•

‘ (.... 61.:2`(i , _ • ,• / . , ) • 7, 1 r • • :,) 4:77-70.% ..• ' . •: -,. ,F....,,•••• • -,..c.-,,. - • '• • , -1.17%.: 'l4-7' 7, /// ~,0,/,'//,,•. _ --.1 4;,--::: ? .• • • ~ , • • .1/4,-;• ...... ' c ~.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

14at 111111 P S 3 s

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

.

aREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

"WOMEN'S CHAT.'

The Queen, who has been entertaining a large num- ber of guests during her residence at Windsor Castle, will leave for Osborne about the middle of the month f.r her annual summer stay in the Isle of Wight. Her Majesty intends to follow the usual plans for the year, and wits arrive at Balmoral by the end of August, where the Court will stay until the middle of Nevember. If all goes well, the Queen will entertain the Shah of Persia at Osborne. He will doubtless be invested with the Order of the Garter, a decoration which was conferred upon the late Shah when he went to Windsor Cas:le in 1873, during his first visit to Europe. The Queen was a purchaser at the Prince of Wales' live stock sale at Sandringham the other day. The taste for farming is inherited by our Royal Family. George 111. was affectionately known to many of his subjects as " Farmer George," and the late Prince Consort had an enthusiastic interest in agricultural pursuits. The Royal herd and flock at Sandringham were established in 1863. They represent some of the best stock in the country, and the Prince has, of course, taken many prizes at all the principal shows. The Royal farms at Windsor were greatly extended by the Prince Consort, and the Queen has always seen that they were most carefully and liberally maintained. When her Maj-sty is at the Castle she frequently pays visits to the cufferent farms, and it is said that she knows quite as much about her poultry, as about the horses and cattle, and the general management of the farms.

The scmmer shows in connection with the Ladies' Kennel Association was greatly extended this year, and nearly everyone, except a few who had failed to gain expected prizes voted it an immense success. The National Cat Show,the Ladies' Poultry Club,the Ladies' Cage Bird Club. all joined forces, making a huge show of doge, cats canaries, parrots, pigeons, and fowls. The fashionable classes were largely represented by aristocra- tic women, and still more aristocratic doge and pets. The Princess of Walei toek several prizes, including the five hundred guinea Dholpure Cup awarded to Chain. pion "Alex " winner of over fifty first prizes. Every class of fanciers' pees was seen at its best, and it was amusing to listen to the different termsof endear- ment bestowed upon them a; they pissed before the judges. The cats were led round by their fair owners, some turning sulky, and refusing to be coaxed along. It was decided to give a genial prize for deporment, which was given to the cat of most grace and dignity without regard to physical beauties. It is of curse rather a delicate office to be a judge at a Ladies' Show, but, though it is perhaps not wholly free from danger, still women are much more sportsmanlike than they used to he, and take a beating more philoaophicelly. The morganatic marriage of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand ,heir to the Austrian threne,with the Countess Sophie Cholek, is ia some respects unique. Many Pfinces have made a clandestine marriage, but this is nothing of the kind. Never before has the heir to a throne openly contracted a morganatic union, with tbe full consent of the reigning Sovereign. The Archduke instead of renouncing the succession, has taken an oath that he accepts all the consequences of his marriage,andithoueh he may one day be Emperor, his wife can never be Empress. The result cab hardly be an entirely happy erre, Ewing what this distiection must mean in a multitude of ways in all the ceremonies and precedents of one of the proudest Courts of Europe. Teough the Countess Sophie, who has now been given the title of Princess Hohenberg, is not of Royal birth she belongs to an ancient and noble family. It is therefore a pity that the more simple way of raising her to Royal rank could not have been adop:ed, in order to remove all obstacles to her marriage with the Archduke. Madame Sarah Grand recently gave an interesting lecture upon the" miseries that need not be." and surely this affair, which in spite of all must necessarily put a good deal of womanly suffering upon the Countess, is an apt illustra- tion of needlessly creating troubles. The time has come when much of the nonsense about Royal blood should be relegated to the dark ages. Ic is owing to this silly tradition that there is scarcely a throne in Europe wbore sovereign is entirely of the same nationality as that of the people. It would et least appear to be more important to the people of Austria and Hungary that ' their Empress should be one of themselves rather than some fereien Princess who was a stranger to their national character- istics. This would FOOM to be the view that is taken in those two countries of the marriage of the Arehduke. There is perhaps an element of romance in it, which appeals to the popular fancy, hut the general impression is one of delight and appreval that the Archduke has had the courage and determination to marry the woman of his choice.

Canon Gore, addressing a meting on the subject, of lead poisoning in the potteries,observei that the remedy was an easy one, and if ladies could do nothing more, they could make a fuss about the sale of lead-glazed china, and so produce an effect on the trade. It is to he feared however, that the women and girls conc.rned are in a bad position. if they depend upon this succour for any relief of which they may be in need. In the first place, the vast majority of ladies have not the remotest idea what lead-glazing is, and in the second it is impes- eible to forget that for years and years, the Press has been appealing almost in vain, to our sex, not to wear the plumage of beautiful birds. The widow's cap of the moment is a very dainty little arrangement, and strongly in contrast with the very serinus piece of headgear donned by widows of a couple of decades back. They hid nearly all the hair, and could certainly never have been considered either useful or ornamental. In fact its raison (rare seemed to have been the expression on the part of the wearer, of utter indifference as to her good looks, or the opinion of any- one: The now popular little Marie Stuart colic, with long ends at the back is a very much better idea from every point of view. The summer sales will soon be in full swing, indeed a few leading houses have already commenced operations. Shopkeepers have evidently become frightened at the long spell of cold rainy weather, and seem bent ora getting rid of—at any price—their stook laid up for the hot days. To the woman who has refrained from filling her wardrobe with summer attire, until more assured of the weather, this season's sales will prove d boon. She will be able to get all she requires, if she goes carefully about it,at less than half what she would have had to pays month or six weeks ago," and the saving effected, will reconcile her ahould she get little wear out of her purchases. Costumes selected by the none too well dowered woman, at this period, are usually chosen with due fore- thought!to the summer holiday,and aripbthar this is to be spent inland, or by the sea,smart little gowns which are effective and yet not ton elaborate, or expensive, are eminently getirahle. A deep blue, rather darker than royal, and lighter than navy is a capital colour to select. Trimmed with white it is suitable wear until late autumn is tvith 119, and if this is then removed and velvet, braid, or other seasonable trimming substituted, the gown will be wearable throughout the winter with a warm slip oodice an.] a heavier petticoat. " MADGE."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
BAD TIMES FOR THE FLORIST.

IT is not always sunshine and full bleorn with the fl,rist. After a short conversation with an expert one learns something of the other aids of the business, and an interview with Mr. William K .nton, owning exten- sive nurseries in Lincolnshire, at Newmarket, Louth, is certainly instructive. Mr. Kenton,whose sixty years sit lightly on him, has giver. some valuable points to a "Louth News " reporter. "My business," said he, "as a nurseryman and florist, naturally exposes 1.. e a good deal to Auctuatieins ot temperature and, as a consequence, repeated colds. In my early days I had a tendency to rheumatism in 'vari- ous forms ; I suffered more or less from lumbago, being ti&zed on many occasions all at once. About three years ago I was seized with a very bad attack of lumbago,anii evatica following, in both hips, made me a cripple ; I was unable to turn in bed, and remained in the doctor'a hands fdr just six months. Many thought I would never recover, for nothing seemed to have any effect on the complaint. Rheum•tism is hereditary in my case. Mv father suffered from it continually. " However, I musn't complain. for I am set up again." Mr. Ken'on. continue.: " I read a gib i ded about Dr. Williams' piok pH's for pale pe-ple and thought I would quietly try them for myself. I said nothing, hut purchased a box, and in lets than a for,- night I was considerably better. Before I had taken two boxes I had thrown away my sticks, and I was quite well. lam not a paid aF:ent of the Dr. Williams, Company ; I am simply disposed to speak well of tiapsa pills. I found them a splendid tonic for the oystern, and as far as I was concerned a preventative from lumbago and sei,tica." "You look hale and hearty now, Mr. Kenton." " I am as well as I can wish to be," otis?rved he.

The trying heat of summer tempts ne:.-p'e to become cnol at ans cost. and dangerous chillß are often tt,e result. The effect may not he noticed immediately, but the blond is itnpoverished,and in late autumn a sharp attack of rheumatism or t•ciAtica is felt. Dr. pink pll4 are unrivalled as a tonic, and as a remedy to the deblitating effects of ho-, relaxing, summer weather. Among the other disorders cured by the genuine Oils (ao!d by chemistei acd Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Holbert, Viaduct, 1..-4:don, at t.o shillings and ninepence a box, or thirteen and nine for Rix boxes) may be rimed paralysis, consumption, bronchitis, rickets, artemia. indigesticn, palpitati- ll forms of female we,.knees and hysteria, but sut- stitutes, which can be identified, as they nevrir hear the full name, should alwaLt's be rejected. Shopkeepers only try to press them upon people whom they think easy to deceive.

FLAsric STICKING% KNEF, ()APR, &C.—Fo!' Varicoie Vein and all cases of Weaknesa and Swelling of the Legs, Sprain ; they are porous. light in texture, and in.xpetutive. an are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—P rices 4s. 6(1 7e. ed.. and 103. 63. each —Postage free.—Wittv-I AND WRtrarr. Surgical Instrument and Trass Mskers, 93, lien shaw-street, top of Bold-street, Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JULY 1900

HOW TO SHOOT STRAIGHT.

Are you Right or Left-Eyed?

Tte autTct of the fitting of a gun or rife to the shoulder is dealt with in a letter communicated to the " Field " recently. But, says the correspondent, "there is another imporcant matter to be considered, namely, the question of eyesight. A great many persons at the present time would be unable to answer the question, Are you right or left eyed 2. or in other words,' Which of your two eyes have the stronger power of vision?' Yet the fact remains that in every mars either the right or left eye is s'ronger than its companion, and therefore unconscious of the fact as he may be, every man locates an objtmt in that particular spot in which his stronger eye tells him that it is. "A simple test can la's employed to discover which is the governing eye. All that ynir have to do is, first of all, with both eyes open, look through a small ring, held bfAween the finger and thumb at a distance at about 18 in. from the face, at any small and clearly defined object, such as a nail in the wall. When the object apoears exactly in the centre of the ring shut your right eye, being careful not to move the ring fri,m its position and if the object is still to be seen thirough the ring, you may be sure that your left eye, that istthe only one now in use, is the stronger of the two. A Good Test.

"If, on the contrary, you find that the object has apparently moved and is outside the ring, try your right eye open and your left eye shut, when you will find that the object has returned to its proper place in the centre of the ring, therefore demonstrating that your right eye is the master eye, or in other words, that even when you bac both eyes open, your right eye, being so much the stronger, placed the object in the centre of the ring. although at the time you were ignorant as to which of your eyes was doing tho work. "It must not be concluded, however, from the fore- glinz remarks that when using a shot gun it is desir- able to shut an eyo . very far from it, and for this reason, that if your right eye is the master eye, then the mere fact of your left eye being open cannot interfere with the work of your right, but, whereas your right eye is pointing out to you the actual position of the object aitutd at, your left eye, althlugh not helping you at all in this respect, adds very materially to the length and compass of your vieon, and also aids you in defin- ing wi.h grear,er clearness the outline of the object.

Should We Shut One Eye When Shooting.

"Supposing that we adinit (oi- the sake of argument that a man whose lei t eye is the master eye has double the eaing ' power in that eve than ha hai in the other, it will be readily understood that by shutting his left (17e ho deprives himself of two third, of his available power of vision, and yet if he be a left eyed man, and is in the habit of shooting or clesires t) shoot from his right shoulder, how is he to shoot straight without shutting his left eye ? • ' "There are two ways out of the difficulty ; one is to learn to shoat from the left shoulder, an aceomplish- ment that is easily acquired by smne men, but to the major,ty presents such a feeling of awkwardness and restraint that unlass t,ha knack is acquire.l alter a few days' practice it is doubtful whether the game is worth the candle. The other plan reerred is to have what is termed a cross-eyed gun ; that is, a gun with au abnor- mal amount of .cast which will vary in extent according to the degree of superimrity which the left eye has over the right, and also according to the build of the shooter. _ _

===== 0002601_19000706_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A Cross-eyed . Gun.

"It is here that the ucilits, of the • try gun ' is so evident, the only obje,ctiOn that can lo:3 raised to a cross- eyed gun being the look of the thing. But no keen sportiman will be content to sho)t badly with a gun of normal appearance merely beause he does not like the look of t gun th tt entbles him to shoot at his best. Re will find tbat be will 80311 get u3ed to it. Doubtless when the cross.eved gun was intromieed it was a clurns7- looking weapon, but time and labour and the careful selection of suitable picces of wood for the stock have remedied this. . . .

"To sum up, then let every man who would shoot his best first test his eyesight in the manner suggEsted in order to ascertain which of his eyes is the stronger, and let him then go to the gunmaker who makes a study of gunfitting, and spend an hour or two at his trial ground. A little practice with the try gun' at the tar- gets—at crossing aud rising birds at duff-rent angles, and afterwards at clay birds thrown from the tiap— will very soon decide the style and shape of the gun requir. d, and a second or thirdPvisit to try the new gun batore it is finally finiahei will convince him th tt he has at length obtained that great desideratum with a shooter—a gun that really fits

===== 0002601_19000706_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
How to Remedy Defects.

N &Allot it would b very iniebes ing, from physio- logical and psychological points of view, if the hyp:it- hesly of the "master eyo " could be demonstrated— that is, if it could be proved Chat a right eye and a left eye. equally endo wed with visual acuity in the first place,are unequally responsive to education in the in- tter ot precision of aisn. However, the writer above quoted confuses wt's this wtat is a mere matter of habit. Every astronomer and microscopic; is familiar with the fact that it is possible, indeed easy, to employ one eye for observational purposes, with mental suppression of the images formed in the other ; which is nevertheless open. The use of .a watchmaker's eyeglass is another illustration of the same sort of thing.

Fortunately, nnly a few men are troubled with any actee.l marked difference of seeing power bitween the two eyes ; and fewer still are those in whom such differ- ence as may exist cannot be corrected by means of glasses. Therefore the proper advice to a young shooter will wants to know .from which shoulder he °ugh-. to aim is, cmsult an optician in the first place, instead of resorting to an: such futile experiment as is described be the "Field" correspondent. If, as will probably be the case, both eyes are found to possess, or fitted with glasses to produce normal vision, then the silection may be arrived at on other than optical grounds; and there is a good deal to be said for the left shoulder. (We have never benn able to understand the military praciici ) If the left shoulder is used, the right arm (which is generally the etrneger) 13Pconnes available to balance and aim the gun, and ea.° off the recoil.—"Scienc, S:itings,"

Telephone

Telographic Address-

Elastic Stockings. Surgical Bandages. Abdominal Belts. Buy them from the only makers in Liverpool. SIVITTIT az SONS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL We supply a better quality at; a lower price than any °Vier firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

TRAINED NURSES MALE AND EMAIE NURSES At:11?., D NTS '. • • ;ATTE' MONTHLY - UPPLILD TO TH. .. NURSES MEDICAL 7 I,),Ii;g:SSION.,PU.Ea•IC HOSrITALS. 7 AND PRIVATE I, ~...HOPE STREET, , c LIVERPOOL •

===== 0002601_19000706_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.) THE TEMPTATION OF DUNCAN RUTLAND.

By JOSEPH HOCKING,

Author' of "The Birthright," "Mistress Nancy Molesworth," "All Men are Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Alizon Neville, who belongs to an old Roman Catholic family, pays, for curiosity's sake, a secret visit to Tudor Chapel, the Nonconformist place of worship at Lynford. She hears the new minister, Duncan Rutland, and by chance is thrown across his path. The virility of his Protestantism makes her half dislike him. She fears he will do much harm among the Catholic population in unsettling their beliefs. Events so arrange themselves that at her instigation Father Sheen, her confessor, agrees to meet Duncan for a public debate about Roman Catholicism. In the first debate 'Rutland easily disposes of his Catholic antagonist. Much chagrined, Alizon un- wittingly encourages some Catholic weavers to trap the young minister, so that he shall not appear at the second debate.

CHAPTER, VII.

THE SCENE AT EOGGART'S CLOUGH.

Presently Alizon Neville made up her mind. Catholic or no Catholic, it was her duty to warn Duncan Rutland. But how? She could not tell! anyone to do it, for by so doing she would revea the plot of her co-religionists. Much as she hated the action she did not wish the poor fellows to be punished. They thought they were doing what would be both pleasing to her and to Father Sheen. Besides, she shrank from letting anyone know that she had any knowledge of the matter. What, then, could she do? She remembered Mrs. Pickup's words: "00'11 be on his way theer by naa. ' But perhaps he might not be. She knew where Duncan lodged. She would go and warn him. It was a hard thing to do, but it was her duty, nevertheless. If he had left the house she must follow him to Boggart's Clough. He had accompanied her there once, now she would repay his services tenfold. But she hoped, profoundly hoped, that he would not have left his lodgings. Dinner was to be early at the Priory that night, so that she might accompany her mother to the debate. She knew, too, that she ought to go home at once; but, instead, she made straight for the road in which Duncan lodged. It was dark, but she recognised the house. It had been pointed out to her on one occasion. When she knocked at the door Mrs. Nutter appeared. "Is Mr. Rutland in ? " "Noa," said the woman, - peering at her curiously. "Can you tell me where he is ? " she asked, with a heavy heart. She dreaded the journey to Boggart's Clough. • "Oo's gone to Croft Farm to pray wi' a deein' man," said Mrs. Nutter. _

"How long has he been gone ? " "'Appen ten minutes." "Thank youl " and she turned away. Meanwhile, Alizon rushed along a lonely road towards Boggart's Clough. At first she thought of going to a cabstand, but that she realised would court publicity. The cabman would almost be sure to recognise her; besides, she would gain but little time that way. Under ordinary circumstances she would not have dared to have wandered along this lonely lane in the dark, but she thought nothing of the darkness now. It is true her heart beat wildly, and she dreaded meeting the tramps which were constantly prowling around, but she hurried on through the darkness, and prayed that she might be able to undo the evil she had unwittingly done.

Presently she came to Boggart's Clouii. She had seen nothing of Duncan, she had heard no sound. Her way now would be along, an indistinct footpath towards Croft Farm. WIZ should she say when she overtook him? How could she excuse the action of those of her faith? There was little time to think of these things now, however; her great work was to find him, to warn him. A little later she saw in the gloom of the nipht what she took to be the outbuildings of the farm, and a moment after she heard the sound of voices. Her heart beat even more quickly; in a few minutes she shovld know whether her mission had been successful. Yes, that was Rutland's voice, high-pitched and almost angry. "Kindly let me pass," he said, "a dying man awaits me yonder, and I must see him." "Ther's noa dyin' man yon, mester," was the reply; "that was nobbut a trick. 'Appen yo' did'n' think yo' was sich a fooil." "What do you mean ? " "Aw main as aa thaa'lt noan spaik in th' Indus- trial 'all to-neet."

"Oh, I see, this is a plot to keep me away from the meeting." "Ca' it what yo' plaise, mester. The devil's noan goin' to 'ave it all his on "But I shall go to the meeting," er:ed Duncan, "and it's at your peril you try to stop me." The men laughed in a low, cruel way. "And this is the way you Catholics *defend your faith, I suppose," said Rutland, almost losing control over himself. "Ony trick is geoid eno' to chait the devil," was the reply. "Naa then, lads, is all ready? " Alizon Neville had been creeping nearer to them all the time, and just as she came up she saw two men lay hands on Rutland. "Thou'll noan be sa keen baat tellin' lees abaat th' Cathlicks ageean," she heard one say, savagely, with an oath. "Here, mester, 'ere's summat for yo' to sup." "No, no!" cried Rutland, "take your hands from me." "Tha9. inun 'ave it," was the reply. "To-morra all't Lynford 'll know that Tudor parson wur druffen (drunk) to-fleet." "Stop! Stop!" cried Alizon, scarcely realising what she was saying. "What's you?" was the cry. "By gum, it's a lass! Be quick or we shall be found aat." "Stop! cried Alizon again. "How dare you do such a thing? Shan Kelly, is that you? Aren't you ashamed of yourself? A whisper passed among the men. "It's Miss Alizon," they said ; "but aw thot oo was all right." "Let Mr. Rutland go," continued Alizon. "If you don't your names shall be known, and every- one of you shall be punished. I shall tell Father Sheen, too." There was a laugh, half of derision and half of anger. "Is this the way you defend your faith?" cried the angry girl. "Is this your idea of being true Catholics ? " "We're ony doin' what you wanted," said one of the men, sullenly. "If I have given a wrong impression I am sorry," cried the girl. "I never dreamt that you would interpret my words in such a way. Leave Mr. Rutland alone, or it shall be worse for you." The men stood undecided. .

"Do you think," went on Alizon, "that if you do what you intended, that your purposes will be accomplished? I tell you I will go right back to the meeting and relate exactly what has taken place." She had no fear of these men. Perhaps her position gave her a sense of safety ; perhaps she felt certain that these rough men loved her. Any- how, she had no far, and she stood in their in.(lst without manifesting a shadow of timidity. As for Rutland, he scarcely realised what the episode meant, but he felt perfectly assured of his freedom from harm. 'I he girl's presence was an im- pregnable barrier between him and danger, and while at first he felt angry with his would-be persecutors, be now became calm and considerate. "I should like to know what this means? " he said. "What harm have I done to you ? " _

"It is my fault," cried Alizon, before the man had a chance to reply; and then she hesitated, for she scarce knew what to say. "Your fault!" cried Duncan ; "your fault. Miss Neville! Why, you have stopped those fellows from venting their anger on me. "My fault," repeated the girl, eagerly, "so let me bear all blame." "I do not understand," answered Duncan, bewildered.

"I will tell you," she replied. "I made use of words whieh these men have misunderstood, and— and--"

She hesitated a second, but Duncan understood her. He remembered the confused hints of the colliers, and rapidly piecing the various items of the episode, he saw what it meant. Perhaps the fact that Alizon Neville was a high-born, beautiful girl influenced him to do what he would not have atherwise done, or it might have been that a true, chivalrous nature expressed itself. Anyhow, before Mixon could conclude what she was trying to say, kis mind was made um

••1 beg you will say no more, Miss Neville," he %tried. "I understand everything. I thank you. tory much for troubling to come so far to save me !rom the results of an entire misunderstanding. As for these fellows, they may accept my assurance that nothing more will be heard about the matter." The girl turned towards him gratefully, and in spite of the anger she felt towards him, she could not help admiring him. The men, however, could not understand so clearly. "Dost a main that thou'lt say nowt to th' bobbies ? " said one. _

"I mean that no word concerning the matter shall pass my lips to anyone," said Duncan. "It was a mistake, and this shall be the end of it, as far as I am concerned:" Possibly his words, freeing them from all fear of punishment, quelled their anger, and led them to give up their idea of doing him physical injury, even more than Alizon's presence. Poor, simple fellows, they were not bad-hearted, and they believed they would be serving their faith by making it impossible for Duncan to speak at the meeting. Now, however, they almost forgot their plans, and a more gentle feeling came into their hearts. Thoroughly ashamed of themselves, they slunk away. Most likely they were really glad that their plans had been frustrated, for they were nGt really vicious. Indeed, when they knew that Alizon dis- approved of what they were doing, all their eager- ness had departed, while Duncan's words made it impossible for them to harm him. "Yon's a gradely lad, when all's said and done," remarked one presently. "Yi," said another, " oo's noan so bad. Art a bean to go to th' a'll to-neet ? " "Noa, aw'm noan bean." "NON aw'm noan bean." And then they walked along through the darkness of the night without speaking another word. Meanwhile, Alizon and Rutland stood watching them as they went away. "Thank you, Miss Neville," said Rutland. "Will you allow me to accompany you to the Priory? I shall then ipe in plenty of time for the meeting." "You are very kind," she replied, and then, with many wild -thoughts surging in her mind, she walked away by his side.

CHAPTER VIII.

DUNCAN RUTLAND'S VICTORY.

"Mr. Rutland," said Alizon, when they had walked some distance together, "I must tell you exactly what has taken place." "Pray don't worry," was Rutland's reply; "besides, it is unnecessary. I know. It will only distress you to dwell on it." "You know! How ? " . .

"It requires bu-rlittle penetration to see what it all means," replied the young man. "Let us drop the whole matter; it is not worth dwelling on." "But it is,,, cried the girl ; "and it is due to those men that I tell you. "It was all a mistake, lam sure. For my own part, I only think of one aspect of this night's adventure."

"And that ? " queried Alizon, eagerly. Your courage, your heroism," cried Duncan, fervently. "I know what it meant—that is, I know what it must have cost you to come through the dark night, along a lonely road, to render service to one whom you regard as an enemy to your faith." "Yes, yes," was her answer, "but I could not help it. How c,ould I? I—l, oh, I must tell you —I must! You were so cruel to Father Sheen last week, so bitter towards our faith, Mr. Rutland, that I said, almost without thinking, that I wished something might happen to keep you away from the meeting to-night. One of those men heard me, and so--" "You came all through the darkness to tell them of their mistake. It was wondrously generous of you, Miss Neville, and I thank you. "No, no; of course, I could not help it, but—" She ceased speaking suddenly as though she was frightened at what she was about to say. "Can't you see," she went on presently, and her voice was husky with excitement, "can't you see that you are fighting against God—by—by saying what you did last week? You were encouraging heresy, you were giving arguments to those who will use them as a means of keeping away from the Church. More, you were sowing the seeds of doubt and unrest in the minds of -believers; you were doing untold harm! Can't you see it, Mr. Rutland?"

The young man's heart hardened at her words. "No, I cannot see it.," he replied. "I can substantiate every word I uttered last week. I shall be able to do the same to-night. But let us not talk of that; it would be ungenerous of me." "Oh, please don't think that what you catll arguments have the slightest weight with me," she cried, with a sneer in her voice. "Believe me, my faith is too surely grounded for that." "I was not thinking of that, Miss Neville. I was only thinking how ungenerous it would be of me, after your great kindness, to utter what would be to you rank heresy, and thus hurt yourfeelings." "But you will do so to-night." "That is a different matter. I shall be set for tab defence of the faith that is in me; the people will have come to hear both sides of the matter, and a man who is supposed to be skilled in such matters will be present to answer me. At present I can only think of you as a friend, -a benefactor, who, at great personal sacrifice, has saved me from —I know not what. That is why I said let us speak of something else." "But I cannot—l cannot. Believe me, I can think of nothing else. I—l know Father Sheen is not a good debater, and—and—" "Truth always prevails, Miss Neville. God lives, and Ile never lets the truth suffer. You know what St. Paul said We can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.' Every false system will die a natural death. Nothing lives, except because of the truth that is in it, for God is Truth." "Do you really believe that?" cried the girl, impulsively. "I am sure of it," replied the young man. "But God uses us to help the truth," she said presently, "and woe be to us if we go against it." "Truth is merciless," replied Duncan. "Then, for your own sake, for the sake of those who will be there, give up this debate," cried the girl, impulsively. "Shall you be there?" asked Duncan. "Yes, I shall be there. I hate the thought of going, but I must go. You have no idea what pain you gave last week." "To you, Miss Neville?" "Yes, to me, and to my mother, and to Father Sheen," cried the girl; impulsively, little realising what she was saying. "I am very sorry," replied Duncan. "It grieves me to give you pain, but—but I cannot help it." "Will nothing persuade you?" cried the girl. "Nothing." She said not another word till they reached the Priory, and then, without a word, save a chilling "Good-night," she left. him, alone. The young man walked towards Lynford, think- ing deeply. "I am afraid this night's experience has unfitted me for a mental contlict,:' he thought; "and it is hard to say what will give pain, but--" "Is that yo', Mester Rutland ? " "It is, Matthy," replied the young man to the query of the old weaver. "Ee—a.w'm reight glad. Aw'm jist bin to yar lodgin's, and when Mrs. Nutter towd me wheer yo'd gone, an' was feared, aw was, fur sure." "Ah, NI-, P. it's all right. You've brought down the books?" "Yi, they're on th' platform by naa. Doan't yo' be inaily-maathed, mester ; yo' gi' et to 'em 'ot. Lots on us er bin prayin' for yo'." "Thank you, Matthy. A few minutes later Duncan found himzelf in the ante-room of the Industrial Hall, where he tried to read his notes, but try as hard as he might, he could not keep the words of Alizon Neville from ringing in his ears, while her face kept constantly corning between his eyes and the words he had written. _ _ . . .

"I shall be a dead failure to-night," he thought, sadly. A few minutes later Father Sheen came into the room, accompanied by some of his supporters. Tile old man looked pale and ill. His eyes were rheutify and bloodshot. His cheeks were flabby, his lips blue. Evidently he much feared the 'encounter, and ought rather to be in bed than at such a meeting. Just before the time for the commence- ment of the debate, Lady Neville and Alizon entered the room. Duncan knew that both had seen him, but neither paid him the slightest attention. Instead, they both talked pleasantly with the old priest. The young man felt depressed, and altogether uneasy. He was ill-prepared for his work. Although Alizon had done her best to nullify her thoughtless words to Shan Kelly, they had more effect than she wot of. They had led to events which had a very disturbing effect on the sensitive, highly-strung young man. Still, he never thought of giving up. He would light the business to the bitter end, and presently, when the chair- man led the way on to the platform, he followed him with a steady step. According to the rules of the debate Duncan had

to spealt nrst on tne second night, and as he sav? the sea of upturned faces he felt that he had uothing to say. After all, why should he give pain? Why should he speak against a faith which, had comforted millions? Why should he earn the enmity of the girl with whom he had been thrown into contact so strangely? When the chairman for the evening arose W reiterate the rules of the debate, and in so doing mentioned his name, he heard, in addition to the cheering, an angry muttering, and he wondered if many there were disappointed at his appearance. This somewhat aroused the fight;ng element within him; but when he rose to speak he felt that, in spite of the enthusiastic applause of his friends, he was ill-preparei for his work. Still, he stammered his way through his speech, and when the half-hour was at an end, sat down without having said anything of much importance. There was no life in his words, no conviction itt his tones ; the address was a failure. Evidently' Father Sheen felt this, for he rose with alacrity and confidence. its fearfulness had departed, his faith rose triumphant. Through the week the old priest had been reading largely of Cardinal Wise- man's addresses, he had also studied Newman care- fully, and he had something to say. As the obi man proceeded, moreover, he became more at ease, his Celtic fervour manifested itself, his words came fluently, and his benignant presence helped his

cause. His peroration, too, was in its way fine. list described the Catholic Church united in its great Head, the Vicegerent of Jesus Christ, and showed how this fact had kept the Church united through the centuries. How that, in spite of stress and storm, enemies without and enemies within, the Church had marched forward. He told of the. noble souls the Church had nurtured. In burning words he described the deeds of heroic souls, deeds. of men who were beacon lights before Proteetantism beg= to be. "And is all this," he cried, "to be put aside for the puny arguments of a fledgling boy, who has. only :lust begun to head the pathway of life, and who happens to be the minister of a so-called Church which forms a part of asect, which, at some time or another, broke away from some other sect, because of some particular fad of some particular man?" He played upon this with rollicking Irish humour, and then, with a passionate appeal, which contained a sneer for Duncan, he sat down amidst loud applause. So far Father Sheen had had the best of the debate. He knew it, Duncan knew it, and the audience knew it. The young minister felt his blood surge madly through his veins as he thought of it, and turning, his eyes met those of Alizore Neville. He saw the look of joyful triumph that shone there. To him the girl's look was a taunt,' a sneer, a scornful challenge, while the tiimultuousl shouts all over the hall told him of his defeat. Perhaps all this was the best thing that could have happened for, Rutland. It put him on his mettle, it made him eager to answer. He forgot Alizon Neville's appeal, and remembered only her look of scorn ; the experiences of the night had lost their power. Facts which he had forgottefl. Caine back to him, arguments: which had evaded him fastened themselves on his memory, and evenY vestige of hesitation had departed. He was able to master himself, too, so that the very derisive, laughter of his opponents sharrened his wits, en 4. made his language more cutting and virile. If his first speech was a failure the second fully' atoned for it, and the fact was fully appreciated lef the audience. His youthful appearance helped' him, too. There was something more than usually striking in the thought that this beardless young. man was doing battle with an old warrior. cheeks were flushed with eagerness, his eyes flashed fire, and every gesture of his lithe young form added to the effect of his words. From the bodf of the hall he looked only a lad of nineteen, and yet he uttered words which swayed the throng of hard-headed men and women as the branches of .1 trees are swayed by a strong wind. He tore Father Sheen's arguments to ,pieces and then threw the fragments from him. He snewed hoer that instead of unity there was discord, and gao hard, irrefutable facts to prove how one fallible Pope had denied the pronouncements of another infallible Pope. He described how 01:1_!. Pope gave a version of the Bible to the world 5; absolutely free from error, and who uttered rt, anathema upon any who should seek to alter, and yet another Pope immediately succeeding, had discovered innumerable errors in it, and then gave the Church another so-called infallible version. He quoted instance after instance of Popes who were the vilest and most cruel of men, who connived at the basest of lies, and sanctioned the most bloody deeds. With fine humour, biting, sarcastic epigrams and burning eloquence, he con- cluded an address which undermined the 01a priest's words, and left him, from an arguments' tive standpoint, bruised, bleeding and helpless. 2_ "By Jove!" said the young lawyer, who ha"' been present the week before, and who had listened to the speech from the standpoint of a barriste! seeking to convince a jury, "it's unanswerable. 1. thought he was going to turn out a frost to-nighty but it's the best thing he's done so far." "It's a pity the chap isn't Lancashire," replied the manufacturer to whom he spoke. "If he were, I'd try and get him to resign Tudor and stand a° our next member. The fellow would make hi° mark in the House of Commons." "I'd rather see him a barrister," was the young solicitor's rejoinder. Father Sheen did not even occupy his half-hour. The old man's mind was confused, and as he heard the murmurs of derision at some of his statement,' he forgot what he was saying and stammered piteously. When he sat down the audience felt that although the debate was only half through, the real issues were settled. Father Sheen had utterlf stumbled at Duncan's statements proving th 4 Papal Infallibility was an insult to the intelligence, a violation of the known facts of history, and ati impious fraud. When Duncan rose to give his final address 11,6 was met with such tumultuous applause as would turn many a young man's brains. At the saute time he heard angry mutterings_, and saw dart vengeful faces, and he knew that but for the presence of a large body of police he would be la great danger. Even as it was he knew that he would, in future' have to watch his every actiott closely, for he had made many enemies. But whatever his failings, cowardice was not OW) of them, and so he faced the people a third time with a clear light in his eyes, and spoke to thens with an unfaltering voice. "To bring this matter to a head," he said, "I purpose to conclude the debate for to-night by con' fining the question to one main issue, and if Fathee Sheen will deal with this issue honestly and fairlf we shall go far to settle the question. Let us tak. the passage in the New Testament on which thie great superstructure of the dogma of Papal Infalli' bility is built." He then quoted the words of Jesus Christ con' cerning Peter, and the Rock on which He should build the Church. On this passage the doctrine of the Papacy we° built, and the Roman Church had claimed tho Peter's powers had been transmitted to the succeed° ing Popes ever since. He then went on to shelf, that for three hundred years not one writer hal ever ventured to quote these words as applying °I the Bishop at Rome, not one Pope had ever use,' it as applying to,himself ; rather the great writ6r! of the first three- centuries had eliewn that it DO an entirely different application. Then, in (ode to establish its claim the Roman Church had, 111 later years, issued manuscripts• called o,_l "Clementine Homilies" and the "Isidort Decretals." These pretented to shew that there he' been a continuous succession of Bishops back to the' time of Peter. The later Popes' had accepted thee' Homilies and Decretals, and had placed thir: imprimaturs upon them. Now every scholee admitted that both the Homilies and Decretelcet were forgeries. And thus Infallible Popes he again and again declared true, what had bee° again and again proved to be forgeries and lies. An abler man might have bolstered up somethia like a case. He might, like a popular priest 14.1 is related to a great dignitary, have pleaded that 1, Was not likely that millions of people thro% hundreds of years would have been mistaken. Pt might have poured forth turgid rhetoric, b,llO Father Sheen was utterly crushed. He was reader of Church history. He was unable to refin; Duncan's arguments; and when he sat down, af.t,e_. uttering some feeble expletives, he knew that Catholic faith had been but miserably defendii% He knew that much might have been said, 0e1914 was unable to say it, and he felt with sorrow tufd even the adherents of his church would go 51"/ confused and unsettled in their minds. "Mother, I hate him," Alizon said to ritodle Neville as they drove up to the Priory door. may be clever, lam afraid he is, but I hate him-1 He will do untold harm to our church." o. "T• m he issue is in God's hands, y darlint, replied her ladyship; "let us pray for Rio

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19000706_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 570

===== 0002601_19000706_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
o t c o J

===== 0002601_19000706_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nurses.'

===== 0002601_19000706_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL,

The Mayor (Alderman Roberts) presided at the ordin- ary monthly- meeting of the Town Council on :Tuesday • evening. There were also present : Aldermen Fair- clough,Bolton. Francomh, Councillors Bennett, Baird, navies, Ellison, 'Tinnion, Lee. Jolley, James EMIS.StIi W '‘Grcen, Greening, Shillcock,John Evans, Peaccck.Monks, Bogen, John Roberts. Burton, A J Jolley, F R Riherts, with Mr Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk),Mr J Fair- burst (borough treasurer), Mr D (sanitary engineer), J Sutcliff-, (deputy surveyor.) Visit of a Former Warrington Minister.

Amongst those present during the meting wog the Rev G S Reiney (introduced by the Mayor), a former Pastor of Wycliffe Congregational Church. The Illness of Councillor Shaw Green.

The MAYOR said that before proceeding with the for- Mal business of the Council he was sure he would be only expriving the feelings of the members, as we-ll as his own feelings, when hi said how cordially they wel- corned their old friend Councillor S:Jaw Green back to the meetings of the Council. (Mier, hear.) hoped the improvement in his health would cintinue, and that they would have that invaluable asiiqtance from him for many years to come as they had had in the past. '(Rear, hear). The Horse Ambulance.

The! CHIEF CONSTABLE, at a meeting of the Watch Committee, reported that the horse ambulance had been 'complet,d and delivered according to specificalon9, 'schen it was resolved that the Fire Engine Committee be requelted to kouse it until the completion of the new Police premises; that the distaxce to which the ambu- lance shall he taken outside the borough be left tn thw discretion of the Chief Constabh? ; that a charge of 5s an hour be made for its use outside the borough, anu that an outfit of surgical appliances, bandages, splints, be provided at an estimated C')3', of £4 4s. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of the 1.143r0a seconded by the DEPUTE MAYOR.

, Finance and Estate Committee. Repayment of Loans. Th. -- Minutes contained orders for payment of sundry te„ermn-. (isicluding £1.700 repayment of lo<ins, and 'l.BBB 183 half-year's interest and annuities). Councillor eIIAW Glum, in moving the c nfirmation of the minutes, said ne cordially thanked the Mayor for the kind words he had used with regard to him. It bad been a serious trouble to him to have been so lowe away from the meetings of the Council. but he hoped that the wish of the Mayor with regard to his health would he verified. _ _ .

The motioi was seconded by the DEPUTY MAYOR and Carried. The Lighting of Orford-lane.

- At a meeting of the Street Improvement and Lighting Om mitt. eit was resolved that the buildings bAlonzing to the Corporation in Friars'-,green be offered for sa e at -aa early date; that anough-road be re-namwl Chester- road ; that a strip of lsnd containing about 226 square Yards or) the north side of Liverpool-road be put enased -horn Mr. Albert Payne at the price of 103. per square Yard, and that the plan showing the line of frontaqe on the nor h side of Liverpool-road, from No. 311 to 351,bQ signed and deposited. Councill,+r, BENSETT moved, and COUDCWOr BAIRD /*condo 'I, a motion to the effect that the minutes be 'Confirmed.

Councsllor PEACOCK alluded to the neee3eity for the •bettqr lightiag ot Ottord-lane. Could not tha detect be remeciel _ _ - _

The Mayon : I ant afraid you are out of order. Give notice of the matter. -- - . _ .

Councillor PEACOCK said he only wished to remind the 'cenimitten that the lamps in Oeford-lane were not lighted until 11.15 p.m. The liabting 01 Orford-lane district wa3 a scandal and there had been strong coin. 'Plaints - -

The minutes were confirmed. The Pollution of Sankey Brook

It was res-olvett at a me.ting ot the ilealtti Cuninittee that the Bfrough Surveyor and M,.tdical Officer of Health be authoriz,d to insp‘ct and report upon th septic tank treatmen.", of sewat,e. at Bowdon, and that the M-tlical 'Officer ~f Fleilth report on the que =tion of the bodution Of Sankt‘v Brook by the S. He'ena Corporation The MAYOR moved, and C )uncillor SHILLCOCK secon- ded, the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor BrssErr asked f)r information with refer- ence to the minute alluding to the pollution of Sankey Brook. Councillor TINNION said he alzo desired information al?out the same mattlr, and observed that he did not fiurpoSe anything of a permanent nature could b. don. for a considerable time. Hs had examined the bio-A recently,and he suggested the desirabiiity of taking s'eps to clear it out. A great deal of the nuisance was, in his glYrioi, caused by the accumulation of filth, and th, result was that tney bad cesspools in the bed of the stream. If the b-d of the stream were cleared and an extensive scheme for disinfecting the banks carried our, an improvement would be effected. The MAYOR. in reply to Councillor Bennett, said the :St. Helens Corporation had certain conditions laid upon them by the Committee of the House of Commons in their last Bill in ret,ard to the action of the w ter closet aYlrem on Sankey Brook, and the object if passinq the resolution was to get. through the Medical Officer, accurate information :is to bow far the conditions raid uron them by the Committee of the House of Csrnrnoas 'bad b-en complied with. The future action of the War- lington Corporation would depend upon that rnpnt. The noqiutes were agreed to Proposed Wood Pavement for Napier-street.

I" was resolved at a meeting of the Sanitary Work 9 'Committee that the Paving and Sewerage Committee he reqlested to have prepared specification and estimate '0,13d nbtain tenders tor the paving of N.pier-street with wtod blocky, and submit the same to this committee. Councillor MONKS. in PropoAing the confirmation of the minutes, alluded to the ono relating to the paving of Napiei-itreet. The committee were, he said, slint- Avhat surprised at the decision of the P tying and .-BRweraoe Committee on the matter as expressed in the solution.' 'that Napier-street ho pavFd with wood, IProri.3ing the Sanitary Works Committee are repared 10 pay the cost "—in view of requests mtde by he

There Is Security in A few drops on toothbrush CARTER'S 700 ITTLE . _ . IVER smau Pill. Small Dose. SOZODONT PILLS Small ?rice Will Sweeten the Breath all day, and make all the difference bo• flosolately cure Sick Headache, twee.— 4.tiousness. Torpid Liver, lndi- Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. rstion, Constipation, Dizziness. White Teeth and Yellow Teeth. ened Tongue. They Touch the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth ilitzt to ours um, sr, cumies.. coapley99itz r-r9ozr, C4O, with

Sanitary W.,rks Committee. Eowever, they recognised the fact that the cost of doing the work was not included in the estimates of the Siniary Works Com- mittee. Both, therefore, laboured under the same diffinultv, and, perhaps, it was a real difficulty to face. The werk, in the opinion of the Sanitary Committee, ought to be done. They were prepared to go on with it on the understanding that an estimate of the cost was obtained, and then it was proposed to come before the Council and let the matter be decided on its merits as to whether it should be done or not, irrespective of either committee.

Councillor JOHN EVANS seconded, and the motion was agreed to.

The Condition of Warrington Roads.

Strong Complaints.—Better Roads Promised

It was decided at a meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee that Palmyra-square, between the Wesleyan Chapel and Queen's Gardens, be laid with tarred macadam. The following report of the Borough Surveyor was read:—ln accordance with your resolution dated May 2810, 1900, " That the Borough Surveyor rvort upon the cost of laying down wood pavement in Napier-street,and tee comparative cost of tar pavement" I now beg to report that I have considered the question in all its bearings, particularly as to noiselessness. The present carriage-way paving of Napier-street is composed of 385 scpaare yards of macadam, and 800 square yards or sett paving, making a total of 1,685 square yards. The sett paving is composed of 4-inch granite cubes, and has been down for a period of about 30 years. The present paving material in any cis • of renewal will have to be removed. There are only two classes of pavement suited for this street if the primary object is to be noise- lessneas,viz :-Is.—Tarred macadam pavernent.l would Pr pose to put in a 4-inch bed of concrete, and a 3-inch bed of macadam, covered with one inch of /inch tarred macadam. This would cost 53 61 per yard, or a total of £463 74 6d. 2nd—Wood block paving. Six-inch wood block paving, with foundation, will cost 12s 91 per yard or a total of £1,069 3,9 d. The maintenance of the tarred macadam pavement would cost about 10 per cent and that of wood 5 per cent. per annum, lam of opinion that wood Week paving would Le the less noisy. It was resolved that Napier-street be paved with wood, providing the Sanitary Works Committee are prepared to pay the cost. Coot cillor TINNION, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, referred to the proposal to pave Palmyra- square between the Wesleyan Chapel and Quaen's Gardens with tarred macadam. A request was made for wood pavement but the committee thought the pro- posal would meet all requirements. With regard to Napier-street, the committee had nothing in their esti- mates to cover that kind of work, and further it was felt that that was hardly the kind of work they should be compelled to undertake under ordinary circumstancee. Neither did they wish to establish an awkward prece- dent, and the speaker gave one or two instances to show that they would be placed in an awkward posi- tion if the request of the Sanitary Works Committee were agreed to. Councillor Tinnion proceeded to state that complaints had been received from cyclists as to the condition of some of the roads in the borough. Cyclists were very nice people in their way, but if the roads were made as they would wish them to be made they would have to put something down in the shape of glass with a minimum of friction. (Laughter.) He hoped after the committee had dealt with the macadam roads in the way it was intended to deal with them that there would be less complaint. It was felt by the com- mittee that there were some complaints which might .be just, but they would do their utmost during the next few weeks te remedy the sxisting state of things. (Hear. hear.) Councillor ROGERS seconded. Councillor Morms took exception to the following snlution of the committee with reference to the paving of Palmyra-square with tarred macadam,and contended that it was about the least necessary work they could I proceed to carry out in the whole of Warrington. That was his candid opinion, and yet it was propoied to deal with Napier-street in the manner which had been sug- gested. Hedirl not think it was worth while to propose an amendment, but he should certainly have voted' against the resolution of the committee. CoUßCillOr BENNETT Said he understooe that a read specialist was app Anted a short time ago to take charge of the paving of the various roads in the borough. Was he still in the employ of the Corporation ? He was of opinion that Councillor Tinnion bad rather minimizd. the complaints with reference to the condition of the Warrington roads. Instead of being minimized they should rather be emphasized and accentuate& He did I not think that cycists wanted a road equal to glass,but they had a right to expect something approximating to the roads just outside the borough. (H .ar, hear.) The difference was at present most glaring. They had every right to expect thoroughly decent roads in the bersugh, and they ought not to rest content till that was secured. Who was at fault he was not prepared to say ; if there was any individual who was at fault they ougtat to get at him and see that the work was undertaken by Some- one who was competent to make roads that were toler- able and decent. Councillor TINNION replied that a road man had been engaged specially to locec aft r the roads, hut this par- ticular department hail had so much work of a varied character ta do recently that he had been taken off the permanent jobs and put on to look after the extra repairs rendered necessary by fellewing up what was being done by the Gas, Water, and Electric Lightieg Committees, The same remark applied to many of the paid roadmen. That accounted to a considerable extent for the condition of some of the roads. The road referred to by Coun- cillor Monks had practically never been put in order by the committee ; nothing had been done to it except of a rough and temporary eharac'er. It was repairable by the ratepayers at large. C ouncillor MONKS inquired if it had been adopted. Ceuncillor TINNION : Not yet. We have had many complaint,: about its condition.

Tne MAYOR said he would just like to allude to the very much abased cyclists. As a cyclist ho. endorsed what had been said about the condition of the roails. If the Paving and Sewerage Committee could hear the burden of their curses, which were :puttered very loudly and sometimes very de/ply, they would be very unhappy men. (Laughter,) All they wk:d was

===== 0002601_19000706_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
• y

lexion soap, the BEST toilet and BEST baby

6a.; Or, SOAP, le., OINTMENT, 2s. Od., IlEsot- ms, 27, Charterhouse Square, Londo E. U. ;H DRUG AND CHEM. Cone., Sole Props., U. S. A..

===== 0002601_19000706_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 14',XAM1NF,B, FRI DAY, JULY 6, 1900.

that the roads (3." Warrington, which in many respects were very creditable, siould be made something like equal to the roads inamediatelv outside the borough. fid did not think they ware asing anything, unreason- able in that _moppet.

_ Councillor MDNICS said from obslrvationg recently taken over 500 cycii3tS passed Wi!derspool crossing every day. Toe minutes were then agreed to. School Attendance Committee.

It was reported at a meeting of the aciove committee that the average attendance at the public Plnrnentary schools during the month of May was 10.931, corres- ponding period last year 10,269, increase 662. It %cal resolved that the following members of the committee visit Father Nugent's Industrial School, Liverpool, and the Truant School, Elightown, on the sth July next The Depaty Chairman, Councillors A Jolley, Ellison, Duncan, Peac-.2ck and Rogers ; that the members of the committee visit the Industrial Training Ship Clio on the 19th July, and that the following members visit the Deaf and Dumb School. and Henshaw's Blind Asylum, Manchester on the 14 h Au2ult next :—The Deputy Chairman, Alderman Hutchinson, Councillors James Evans, Rogers, Davies, A J Jollcy. and J Roberts. The minutes were confirmeJ, on the motion of Coun- cillor SEILLCOCK, seconded by Councillor ELLISON.

granted to the National Telephone Company to ex.rcise way-leave powers within the borough, which powers, however, cannot be exeriscd with,ut the consent of the Town Council. It was resolved that Mr. John 13. Sut- cliffe be,appointed the deputy borough surveyor. The; Tratnways Sub-Committee having reported that the London and Norch-Weitern Railway Company had petitioned against the Bill for confirming the Warrington Tramway Order, and that the Company objected to the tramway crossing the level crossings at Wilderspool unless the Corporation were prepared to share in the cost of constructing a bridge, it was decided that the Town Cla:k ascertain from the company what their proposals are, and what amount they consider the Corporation should contribute tosvards the construction of a bridge. The MAYOR in proposing the adoption of the minutes said the Tramway Bill was before a committee of the House of Commons that day, and the Town Clerk tele- graphed that the committe hal allowed the Borough the use of the level crossing—(applause)—subjec:— (" On, oh !")—to the Corporation paying half the cost of a bridge, if such were ordered by the Board of Trade. That was to say that if the Board of Trade coasidered the tramway ought to be carried over a bridge the Ccrporation would have to bear one half the cast. Councillor Saw GREEN : That is very satisfactory. _ _

The MAYOR said that was constdered by the agents and the Town Clerk, and also by himself, to be very satisfactory. Alderman FRANCOMB se.condel, and the minutes we re approved. . . . _ . . .

===== 0002601_19000706_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Turkish Baths.

It was resolved at a meet:.ng of the Bathe Committee that the tender of Mr. Thomas Pilkington, of Rainford, Ear the erection of Turkido baths and the alterations to the exlsting baths, at £6,627 4s. 11d., be accepted, sub- ject to the approval of the Local Government Board, and to the contractor furnishing satisfactory references. Alderman Boum, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said they bad several tenders for the erection of Turkish baths and alterations to the existing baths, and the one accepted was the lowest, and very con- siderably so. The amount was 20 psr cent more than they originally estimated °wine to the increased price of materials acd labour.but the committee considered it to be very reasonable as architects always estimated at the lowest possible figure. Plans were submitted for approval. Couecillor ELLISON seconded. Councillor BRAM GREEN suggested the postponement of the proposal. If the increase of prices representee 20 per cent. no harm would be done if the scheme were postponed for a year or two. An expenditure represent- ing a penny in the pound for Turkish baths was a eerious addition. Unless they could have something like a reasonable return for this expenditure he did not think it should be undertaken at the present moment. He had no idea what number of people would use the batbsoand thought some inquiries mighs b 3 made into the matter of the probable return before so large on expenditure was incurret lie did not wish to move an amendment, but would ask the Chairman of the Committee if he did not consider it desirable to withdraw the proposal for the present. Councillor F R ROBERTS wished that Councillor Shaw Green had moved an amendment. There was a great dealof criticism in the town regarding the proposal,and the baths were considered almost altogether useless. The people requiring Turkish baths were very few indeed. He had never had one, and he did not know that he would ever want to. (Laughter), He understood that the up-keep would be very serious. Before spending this enormous sum, representing a penny in the pound they ought to hesitate, especially in these times of enor- mously increased taxation. This was a luxury very few of the inhabitants required, and if Councillor Shaw Green would not move an amendment he would move that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the one relating te the erection of Turkish baths and altera- tions to the existing baths. Councillor A J JOLLEY seconded. He reminded the Council that several other matters were coming to the front, in connection both with the Corp oration aed the Union, which would involve heavy expenditurematters which were of more consequence than the provision of Turkish baths, though be did not object to them per se. Be hoped the Council would refer this minute back. Councillor BENNETT thought the proposal of the Corn- mitten a good one. The principle bad been ancroved by the Council,and now it was only a quesion of figures. Toe provision of these baths was very desirable. The peeple generally could be educated up to enjoy a Turk ish bath ard realise its importance from the point of- view of health. They would induce personal cleanliness, and the ordinary bath was not enough for many ot the population. ("Oh, oh.") This proposal deserved encnur- agement and support. It was only a matter of £3.000, and if it would enable the people to have this luxury with its advantages at a comparatively reasonable out- lay he thought it deserved sepport. Councillor TINNION did not onject to the principle but People who wanted a Turkish bath could go over to Manchester or Liverpool much better than the funds of the borough would at the present time suoport the erection and maintenance of the baths. They were spending so much ilmoney on other matters that were absolutely indispensable that it would be desirable that this proposal should be postponed for some time. Ho would like to know whether the higher prices of labour and material solely had entailed this 20 per cent. more cost Alderman Bovr-N said the estimate was £5,400 and , the tender was £6,621 4s 1.1. d. That was not quite 20 per cent., and was accounted for partly by the increased price of the materials and labour and partly by the fact that the architects had given them the lowest estimate. Councillor Moexs did not consider it wise at the present time to incur the expense. The increase in some materials during the last three years bad been 75 per cent. Alderman FRANCOMB believed that the baths would be self-paying. One of the finest baths in the country was st a little town in the potseries—Burslem. At Stock- port they had splendid baths. much cheaper than Man- chester or Liverpool. This question had been on at least ten years. He thought the quotation a reasonable one. The Turkish baths would only cost £6,000, and that represented. only a halfpenny in the pound. Be considered that they shotnd keep pace with the times. Alderman Bovron reminded the Council of the alterations that were necessary to the present buildings. The slipper baths were is a bad condition, while the second class bath would disgrace any baths in the king- dom. The question was whether they were to have Turkish baths in addition to carrying out this other wore. The elder people of the town who paid rates were entitled to be catered for as well as the younger generation. The committee did not want the extra syork that these baths would bring, and the Council had approved of the principle, and they were ready to carry It out in a proper manner. There was no guarantee that prices would be cheaper twelve months hence. Council- lor Shaw Green always looked upon the black Fide of financial proposals unless he was sT.endinz the money himself. (Laughter.) lie (Alderman Bolton) thought Turkish baths of more consequence than two acres of land at Market-gate. The MAYOR said he had supported consistently for many years the proposal to erect Turkish baths, and he was bound on every ground to support the minutes of the committee. Tao eternal rate which was continually introduced when any question of expense which was not directly likely to be self-supporting was brought forward, was one of those bogies they could well afford to discount to a very considerable extent. If they did nut receive a direct financial result, sufficient to meet the expense, at any rate they would receive a very great advantage from the use of the baths. On being put to the vote ten voted for the amendment and twelve against it. The minutes were then put and approved.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
iVrarkets Committee.

It was reported at a meeting held on the 25th June that the total income from all sources for the past four we.ks wag £368 16. si; enrreenondiog period last year. £399 5s 101 ; decrease. £3O 9i 51. 'rne minut4s were sareed to on the motion of Coun- cillor ROGERS, seconded by Councillor JOHN ROBERTS.

Rivers Committee. Proposed Meeting of Manufacturers and

Traders.

The Town Clerk at a meeting of the Rivers Cornmittel submitted the Opinion of counsel on the points submitted to him affecting this committee. In the consideration thereof the Town Clerk was instructed to communicate with Mr. Henry Green%ll, with a view to having a joint meeting ot the manufacturers at-Ad traders and the Cor- poration. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor MONKS seconded.—Carried. Water Committee. Important Tender.

At a mcWing of the Water Committee,held on the 11th June, it was r .so!ved that ths tender of the Stretford Bvickrnaking Estates, Railway, and G moral Contracting Company, Limited, tor the construction of works pro- posed under contract No. 12, viz., well-sinking and adiAriviug, at £14,960 24 7d; be accepted, subject to the contr4c•ors providing satisfactory sureties in the sum of £2,000. Alderman FRANCOMB MOVAI the confirmation of the above minutf s with the exception of the one relating to the tender of the Stretford Brickmaking Company. Councillor LEE se-onded, and the motion was app:oved. Electric Lighting Committee.

These minutes were also of a routine character. Their confirmation was :noved by Councillor MONKS, who referring to the strike,ot served that it was dt laying building operations at the electric lighting station. It was likely the works would not be completed as early as had been Anticipated. The DEPUTY MAYOR seconded, and the motion was agreed to.

The Tramway Order.—The Future of the Level

Crossing.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, on the 25th June, a letter was read from the Postmaster proposing to close the sub-ollices on Thursdays at 1 p.m., when it was resolved that the Committee see no objec- tion thereto. A letter was read from the Postmaster- General informing the Councii that authority had been

THE PEOPLE'S STRENGTHENER And Health Giver.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC possesses marvellous tonic and strengthening power. It rapidly cures indigestion, wind, sluggish liver, kidney trouble, and constipation. Doctor. use it because they recognise in it the most successful remedy that science has yet been able to eomnound. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Price is. lid. and 2. 9d. Sold by Boots, Ltd. ; Knowles, Warrington ; Peake Barlestown and Newton Weston and Co., Runcorn ; Foggitt, Widnes ; and all Chemists.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Lights on Vehicles.

The MAYOR moved that the bylaws with vspect to light; on vehieles, math by the Tswn Council on the 12th day of June, be, and they are heresy adopted. This was approved and the Council rose.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRAMWAYS BILL. The Bill Passed.

On Tuesday afternoon a Bill to confirm the pro- visional order authorising the Corporation of Warring- ton to construct tramways catle before a Select Com- mittee of the House of Lords, presided over by the Duke of Northumberland. Counsel for the promoters were Mr. RAM, Q C., and Mr. Hutchinson. The peti- tioners were ttse London and N irch-Western Railway Company, represented by Mr. Moon. Mr. RAM said the object of the provisional order which the Corporation had obtained was to enable them to supply tramways within their borough. The town of War, ington was one of very considerable import- ance and size. I:, was incorporated in 1847, exteaded in 1890, and again in 1896 It had recently, by order of the Local Government Board, been made a county borough, atad a Bill confirming that order was now before the House of Lords. According to the last census, the population was 52,742. There was very Large traffic between Warrington and the neighbouring places and a very important mid running south crossed the Mersey by a bridge. Of late a good deal had been done by the way cf widening the streets in order to make feasible a system of tramways in Warriogton and a very great need existed for them. Several attempts had been made to provide tram ways for the town. In 1878, a company endeavoured to provide a system, but failed to obtain the necessary power, principally on the ground that the streets were too narrow. 3,nother attempt was made in 1882, this also failing, but the fact that the attempt was made showed that there was a belief on the part of the promoters that there was much need for them, and that the speculation would be a remunerative oae. The Corporation had now come to the conclusion that the time had arrived when, as the principal local authority, they should move in the matter. There were 65 hackney carriages and 35 omnibuses licensed by the Corporation. which plied between the town and neighbouring places; but although the Corporation had the power to license these vehicles, they had no power to compel them to run, or to cause them to run, at a certain time. There was consequently a crying need for more public convey- ances. Concerning tramway No. 10, which certainty was the most important section, and which had aroused some opposition, the London and North-Western Rail- way Company objected to the crossing of the level, on the ground that it would be a constant source of danger and most prejudicial to the cenvenient working of toe railway traffic. Be quite admitted the necessity of ade- quately meeting the objec:ion,, and if it was coosidered necessary to erect a bridge, the Corporation would be prepared to pay their share of the cost. The promoters asked that the No. 10 train should be a double line; but, to meet the wishes of the railway company, they were willing that it should be a single line only across the level. Generally speaking, there was a remarkable ab- stinence of hostility to the Bill, the only opposition, practically,being that of the London and North-Western Railway Compapy. He submitted that the promoters had shown every desire to meet the company on reason- ab!eo terms, and he appealed to the Committee to pass the_preamble. _

Major Cardew, the engineer, in giving evidence, said the Board of Trade required as a condition of the con- s:ruction of the tramway on the level crossing that the consent in writing of the Board of Trade should be obtained. In nis opinion, it would be perfectly practic- able to cirry out the seliem as proposed by the pro- m:iters. They did not expect to ba able to run a quick s,-ervice of trams, arid thy were prepared to underke that cars should proceed o7er the level crossing at a walking pies. Witnesses were then called for the promoters„.

Mr. Thomas Longdin, borough surveyor of Warring- ton, also gave evidence, and said tramway No. 10 could be carried over the level crossing in a manner consistent with public safety. Mr. Moon, for tbe London and Nortb-Western Railway Company, said he did not think it eould be contended that the crossing of a railway by an electric tramway was a crossing that could be carried on withlut danger to the public. It became a question whether the danger was so great as to induce the Committee to say that havini, regard to the advantages which the tratnways woulirget they would not pass the Bill. If the Bill were passed, the traffic in faturss would increase and the dan- ger at the crossing would become intens'ficid. He asked their lordships to say whether they thought it desirable that this tra,nway should pass at all across the crossing. In the result, the Chairmn announced that the Com- mittee had decided to pass the bill, i.ncluding tramway No. 10 as it'stood, but with the addition of the proviso that if the Board of Trade should order a bridge :to he made the Co:poration of Warrington should contribute one-half of the cost.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMPENSATION CLAIM FOR THE LOSS OF AN EYE.

Messrs. Crosfield's Appeal.

On Saturday the Court of Appeal, consisting of Lord Justices A. L. Smith, Vaughan Williams, and Romer, heard the appeal of the plaintiffs Crosfield and Sons, Limited, V. Patrick Tanian, from the refusal of the County Court judge of Warrington to review an award trade by his predecessor under the Workmen's Compen- sation Act of 1897. Mr. Arthur Powell appeared for the appellants, and Mr. Benson for the respondent. Mr. Powell said that Patriek Tanian was a labsuier in the employ of Messrs. Croefield and Sons, when he nett with an accident and le,se his right eye. In his request for arbitration Tenian alleeed that his average weekly earnings were 30s and that after the accident he earned 17s a • eek. Both before and after the request for arbitration had been filed negotiations were going on between the man and the masters, but no arrangement , was come to owing to these negotiations. The employers ' neglected to put in the;r answer to the claim five clear days before the arbitration, and when the matter came betore the Clump Court judge the poi .t was taken that the employers' answer, which alleged that the man's average weekly earnings were only 191., could not be taken into consideration. The learned judge upheld that contention, and took the average weekly earnings as sta.ed by the man himself, ordering a weekly payment ot 12s 61. After the payrn -nt had been continued for some time the employers applied to have it reduced on the ground that the award bad been made under the mistaken impression that the workman's average weekly earnines were 30i. The learned judge, however, dis- missed the appliceti sn, and the employers now ap ,ealed. Without calling upon counsel for the respondent Lord Justice Smith gave judgment. He said the question raieed depended upon clause 12 of the first edit:sr:We to the Act. Putting it shortly, the question was whether the employers could have a review ot the weekly pay- ment ordered when the circumstances which exist-d at the date of the award had not altered in the slightest degree. The real point taken by the employers wes that the award Was wrong because the learned judge ought to have found rile man's average weekly earnines to he 17s. instead ot 304. and they relied upon clause 12 of the first schedule to the fact. In hie opinion, that clause provided that where the circumstances altered there might be a review of the award. In this case there were no altered circumstances, and the eniplosers were not entitled to A review ct the award. The appeal would therefore be dismissel with costs.

Lord Justice Romer, in concurring, said that if they wore to accale to the appellants' contention it would be as good as holding that whenever a party was dis- satisfied with an award he could from time to time apply to the County Court to have it reviewed until he got something in his favour. Lord Justice Wigiams disagreed. Upon the true con- struction of the clause in question he was of opinion that the appellants were entitled to. have the award reviewed. • The appeal was dismissed with costs.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WALKING DAY.

The Processions.

Walking Day! The mere mention of the name of this popular Warrington festival sends a thrill of delight through the younger portion of the com- munity, and to many of tee older inhabitants it is associated with pleasant reminiscences. It may be said to add a dash of colour to the dull-grey monotony of life in a manufacturing town such as Warrington, and if for no other reason than that, it is to be heartily welcomed. It is impossible to describe with what pleasurable anticipations the near approach of this day of days is viewed by the children. " What are you going to wear on Walking Day ? " is a familiar expression long before the appointed day, and this subject of dress is one which calls forth the thoughtfulness and willing assistance of the parents. The beautiful dresses which were to be seen in such great pro- fusion on Friday could not be possible without the expenditure of a large amount of hard cash and in many cases it involves much self-sacrifice on the part ot the parents. They are rewarded to some extent by witnessing the living wealth of colour and beauty as it traverses the streets on Walking , Day and in the expressions of happiness so mani- festly apparent on the faces of the children. Warrington always looks at its best on Walking I Day. On Friday it wore its annual festive appear- ance and was as gay and bright as on any previous festival. Flags and banners floated in various parts of the town, and the whole length of the line of procession was bedecked with bunting. Here and I there lines of flags stretching across the streets flattered gaily in the gentle breeze. During the early part of the week the weather was very un- settled but there was a decided improvement on Thursday. On Friday,the morning opened brightly but towards eleven o'clock there were signs of rain. Fortunately, however,the weather continued fine until alter two o'clock, and the processions were not interfered with. A steady drizzle con- tinued throughout the afternoon and it was not until six o'clock that the weather took a favourable change. The remainder of the eveeing continued fine.

By nine o'clock the public began to assemble along the line of the route of the procession, and when the scholars walked along the streets in what seemed an endless stream of charming little fairies rejoicing in their beauty and attire, the whole pre- sented an animated spectacle. One of the prettiest sights was that witnessed from the Town Hall steps. From this coign of vantag,/ a good view was obtained of the schools as they entered and left the Park. The assembly on the lawn was one of the sights of the day, and was as picturesque a scene as one could well wish for.

There was no combined procession of all the schools in tile town, such as was witnessed in cele- bration of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. Most of the Nonconformlst schools left by early trains for pleasant spots in the immediate neighbourhood.For instance,BoP-3treet VVesleyans journeyed to Lymm whilst their friends at Silver-street school spent the day at lielsbs. Wycliffe scholars proceeded to Preston Brook ; Cairo-street to Grappenball ; St. John's Presbyterian TO Frodsham and Working- men's Mission to Walton Lea. Tne Catholic schools, in accordance with their usual custom in Warring- ton had h separate procession of their Own, so that the assembly in front of the rown Hall was largely confined to the Church of England schools. . . _

The scholars commenced to arrive on the lawn shortly before ten o'clock and the onerous duties of marshals were satisfactorily discharged by Mr R T Fairclough and Cap:•ain B Fairclough. Mr J Craik, who has assisted in the work for many years was absent on this occaion through illness. Perfect order was kept by the Chief Constable and his staff which numbered 57 men and they are to be con- gratulated upon the excellent manner in which the arrangements were carried out. The erection of the Walker memorial fountain has somewhat re- stricted the accommodation on the lawn but no in- convenience was experienced on this account. In fact, the fountain with its cooling sprays playing in the sunlight gave an added attractiveness to the spectacle. Several schools were late in arriving but a fevt, minutes after ten o'clock it was wisely decided not to keep the children waiting and the signal was given for the first school to move off. The Blue Coat School occupied the place of honour and headed by their own band they filed through the central arch. In the forefront was the banner of the school,indicating that the charity was founded. so far back as 1677. Another banner bore the inscription " Fear God ; Honour the King The usual route was taken and the arrangements for lurries to rejoin the procession were the same as in previous years. These substantial vehicles with their human freight of smiling youngsters were taken down the Western drive and rejoined their respective schools as the procession proceeded on its way to Arpley-streat. All the lurriei had been more or less decorated and it was evident that con- siderable pains had been taken to make them as artistic as possible. The following was the order in which the schools left the Park :

1 Blue Coat School and Band 2 Padgate Industrial Schools and Band 3 Parish Church and Lymm Church Band 4. St. George's Mi4sion and Walton Band 5 St. Clement's Mission 6 St. Paul's and Band 7 All Saints Mission 8 Holy Trinity and "Guardian " Baud 9 Fierce's- Yard Mission 10 St. Luke's Schonl 11 St. James' and Volunteer Band 12 S. Ann's and Band 13 St. Barnabas and Fletcher's Band 14 St. Peter's and Crosfield's Band 15 Emmanuel 114ormed Church 16 Legh street Primitive Methodist 17 Latchford Primitive Methodist 18 Sharpe street Primitive Methodist 19 Bucklev'street Indep7ndent.; Methodist and Band 20 Salvation Army and Band 21 Ragged School and Band 22 Sanke7 Bridges Wesleyan and Penketh Tannery Band.

There were few special features in connection I with the display of the schools. Very few innova- tions were introduced and as a result the proces- sion was much the same as in previous years. Sonic very pretty dresses were worn and by way of con- trast it was interesting to take notice of the boys and girls of ragger•tatterdom who composed the procession for the most part of the Salvation Army 1 and Ragged School. The children from Par!gate I Industrial Schools—the boys with their black cor- duroy suits and white collars and the girls in dresses of navy blue serge with lace collarettes— looked neat and comfortable. There was a I pretty group of boys and girls near the head of the'l Parish Church procession. The girls were dressed in old English style with cream smocks and Dutch I bonnets, and two of them held the train of a maiden , queen wearing a crown of roses, who walked with becoming grace- and dignity. Very appropriately, some sailor lads were in attendance and they looked very smart in their suits of white and blue. Some choice banners were carried,and noticeable amongst them were several fine ones in connection with I Holy Trinity school. At the head of this school's attractive procession was a representative of a trooper in khaki. In St. James' school procession a number of coloured pictures illustrat• ing important events in religious history attracted universal attention. Here and there in the pro- c:ssion some floral crowns were displayed on the top of poles and suspended from them were ribbons held by daintily attired children. Others carried bunches of marguerites whilst a number had baskets of beautif flowers. Decorated mail carts were once again to the fore in several schools and prettily dressed children were to be seen cosily ensconced under canopies of bright material. In connection with St. Peter's Church the Church Lad's Brigade who marched in soldierly style headed the proces- sion. Prominent in the Buckley-street procession was a lurry on which were characters representing the good feeling existing between John Bull and his brother Jonathan surrounded by the represen- tatives of the colonies.

It took exictly an hour for the procession to file out of the park the number of children who passed thrrugh the gates being a small increase on last year. The Mayor and Mayoress were in attendance and a large number of local ladies and gentlemen witnessed the proceedings from the Town Hall steps. After proceeding along the appointt d route the scholars attended service at their respective churches. In the afternoon they adjourned to &ids where they disported themselves until the con- tinued rain put a stop to their further enjoyment. The procession of Roman Catholics has always been a brilliant display, but it may safely be said that this year's eclipsed all previous efforts. As the pageant wended its way through the principal streets of the town it excited the genuine admira- tion of the thousands of onlookers, and some of the

!spectators even gave vent to their appreciation by applauding. The four Catholic schools in the town assembled at Bridge Fcot at about 11.30 —immediately after the conclusion of the Church of England and Nonconformist procession. The scholars instead of walking two by two proceeded in two separate lines on either side of the street— Indian filejand produced a pretty effect. The children were most tastefully attired and the dresses bore testimony to the painstaking care that must have been exercised in their preparation. White dresses with scarlet sashes were worn by sicholars of one school, whilst others were distinguished by violet, purple and blue bands. Each school was preceded by the priests and exceptionally beauti- ful banners were displayed. Some bore pictures , representing the different Sacraments, and the ! ribbons were carried by prettily dressed girls. Several bands—including the Borough Band, St. Joseph's Industrial School, Stockport and the League of the Cross—discoursed lively music and the discipline of the children was a feature of the procession. The smallest child instinctively " marked-time " whenever there was a momentary halt, and the whole affair reflected the greatest credit on those responsible. Some ex- quisite floral devices were carried. A number of charmingly dressed young ladies bore a large cross of roses, whilst a harp surrounded by gaily coloured ribbons was much admired. Most of the little children were bedecked with a garland of flowers on their heads and carried choice bouquets; and a number of boys wore hats bearing such words as "Pretoria" and "Ladysmith." The procession pre- sented an extremely pretty spectacle and took about a quarter of an hour to pass a given point. Ser- vices were afterwards held at the several Catholic churches,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL

INSTITUTE.

The following are the succz.ssful candidates at the exAmin‘tions of the Lancashire and Cneshire Institutes held before East:?r. We are pleasei to point out the following distinctions. In Elementary Latin the first and second places in the Union are taken by T E Kno wit's and P W 13Jariman respectively. It will be remembered that a student of this class was placed first in tte Union in the advanced stage lest year. In elementary Spanish J H Johnstone is second in the Union. In shorthand Martt2a Mary Ward passed in the first ela,s 0.20 words a minute) "with distinction" taking the 12th place in the Union.

HANDWRITING.—CommPrciaI Pass: E P Tuson ; preliminary first class, R C Bryne, E Haigh, A Newton, A M O'Brien, Mabel Pearce, G Peac,.,ck, S Reeves, J Taylor; second class, H H Ashcroft, W Jenks, C Jones, F B Mellor ; pass, A N Chester, E Malone. ARITHINIETIC.—Seniur Commerciai Second Class : W Rigby; pass, a Dale, E Haigh, E P Tuson. J L Warbur- ton ; junior commercial second class, P Junks, H Whittle; pass, R L Curphey, J P Taylor. ARITHMETIC.—EVmentary First Class : E Carpente.r, E Cook, J Newton, D Ostle ; second class, J H Armitage, J Ashtoa, H Baines, R C Byrne, E S Chilton, J Ciitheroe, J Delaney, J Groom, G Hatton H Hawthorn, 9 Holden, E Horne, J P Hudson, P Ireland, P Jenll4, T Lawrence, L Lea, E Malone, A Maybury, L P O'Brien, G Painter, Agnes Parr, W Rigby, J Salt, J Stanley, C S Stelfox, G Taylor, Mary Whitfield, T Whitfield, Lily Wificock. SHORTHAND —l2O Words with dia.:inc.:ion : Mary M Ward, (being 12th in Lancashire and Cheshire) ; 120 words, B Podmore ; 90 words, F Allman, Julia Duher ; 60 words, H H Ashcroft, 8 E Barlow, L'zzle Bayley, E F Cliffe. R W Cook, F Foulk•,,s, H Hartley, C E Hawthorn, H Howard, Agnes Knowles, W Lawless, J R Nloorfield, A Newton, J Newton,.J Perdur,G F Rice' J B Wilkinson, P Woollacott. Theoret'cal, advanced nass : L W Edwards : elementary pass, J Beddard, H Bibbv, L P Barrows, H E3senhigh, El Gray, F Hare, J hurst, J P Horne, W Horton, Harriet L'E strange, H Parkinson, Mabel E Pearce, Annie Pownall, Adeline Smith, J Stanley.

BUSINESS ROUTINE. —Distiuction • G F Rice (being 31st in Lancashire and Cheshire), E P Tason (being 35th in Lincashire and Chesbire) ; first class, R H Lapage ; pass, J R Horne.

BOOK-KEEPlNG.—Advanced First Class: .1 D Cannel!, D J Dunn. B Silc)ck ; second class, J S Batvccck, A. E Burdett, W Burdett, J G Chappell, W Hill, G Smith ; pass, Mabel E Pearce ; intermediate distinction, W Rigby (b-ing 6:h in Lancashire and Cheshire) ; second class, La Dale, R H Lapage. A J Newton, S Payne, S C Howhotharn ; pass, F G Kite, N H Matthews, J Myles, J Stringer, E P Tuon, H Whittle. Exousa.—Efeinentary First Class: U L Curphey ; second class, T C Ashton, E P Tuson. FRENCH.—Elementary First Class : Bertha Bouchier, Ellen Hawthorn, J E Knowles, A Millar; second class. Edith A Barlow, Jessie H Barlow, Frances A Chappell, H Haviour, F E Lindley, Amy G Mounfield, H Parkinson, S Payne; pass, W Kipps. SPANlSH.—Advanced Second Class J B Storey. Elementary first class, J H JGhnstOnS (being 2nd in Lancashire and Cheshire) ; sccond class, W Moores, T Prince ; pass. S Payne.

_ LATIN.—E ementary First Class: T E Knowls (being Ist in Lancashira and P ri Boardman (bin: 2nd in Lancashire and Cheshire) ; eecond class, A W Perris:

MUSIC RITDMENTS.—P!3 : Gertrude C Thlaney, H FlartleF, J Rudd.

NEEDLE WORK.—Elemnntary First Class : A?,nes Parr ; Second Class : Sarah Sloane, Mary Whitfield ; Pa3s : Ethel Cross.

DRESSMAKING.-SeCol3d class,May Ainsworth, Elizabeth Astall, Henrietta Brandwood, NcHie Clarke, Martha Ellison, Martha Gibbi, Lily Howard, Florence Leigh, Annie Lewis, Minnie Lowe, Rosie M Lowe, Anne Manion Ethel Mottram, Ad E Smethurst, Daisy Sooddy, Annie Spnce, Jennie Wadsworth ; advanced pass : Jana Hard-

'WOODCARVING. —Advanced Pas 3: S Beswick. Ekmen tary pas 3, D Reid.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

CRICKET

Rain prevented the conclusion of the match between Warrington and Cheetham on Saturday. Cueetharn only sucueded in raising a total of 63 and it was p.:?rhaps unfortunate nat Warrington were unable to complete their innings for it is probable that thy would have exceeded Cheetham's total. As it was they lost one wicket for .15 runs.

The heavy rain of Fr,day night and Siturday morning had rendered the wicket slow, and as a consequence scoring was always a matter of difficulty. Cneethtm won the toss, and opened their essay with ttn, B:others Sinclair, the bowling being Shared by Thewlis and E A Connor. In the amateur's second over, and with only two runs on the score sheet, a flue ball completely defeated W R Sinclair, whilst at the same total The.wlis bowled T H Sinclair with a grand leegth

With the addition of two runs disaster again attended the horse side, Thewlis bowling Conine, and with the score at eight Connor bowlcd Parker, who failed to time a fast one. J. P. Pha.sey hit Thewlis for four and was then bowled, so that h.lf the side wer, out for ten runs. C. H. Sharp and W. Tokr were next associated, and the latter tried to force the game, but at 13 he was palpably I g bof-)re to Thewlis. W. Allen survived a c )nfident appeal for stumping when he lad made four, whilst Shhrp alto escaped an appeal made by Connor for lbw.

Steady play was the order, and the f core was taken rn 30, when J. W. Bibby rPlieved Connor, whilst at 47 Clarke took the bail from Thewlis. Runs only Came At rare intervals, the fielding being very smart, and at 54 Sh;rp was bpwled for a capital 20. Clarke soon finished off the innings, taking three wickets in six balls.

Warrington started with G. Clarke and Thewlis, the howling being shareJ by T. H. Sinclair and W. Parker. Th amateur was Roon bowled but both Thewlis and J. Callon played the bowling with ease, each despatching Parker in quick succession to the boundary. Rain now began to fail and caused a cessation, and although it cleared at six o'clock and the umpires agreed that the wicket was sufficiently dry for the game to proceed the home teim were lath t 3 turn out, and stumps were puled up.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CycHn.

Thirteen members of the Warrington Cycling Club went for a week-mid run to Glyndyfrdwy, near Llan— goilen, North Wales, on Friday morning. Toe? " put up "at the B.rwyn arms, and during their enjoyable stay they indulged in fishing and other pastimes. The weather was not very I avou Table, with the result that all the members, exc-pt Mr and Mrs 13-:lian, returned home by train. This lady and gentleman travelled in their motor car. They commenced the journey about five o'clock, the sam- time as the departure of the train and arrived in Warrington. nly seven minutes after it, hav- ing accomplished the journey of 53 miles in three hours 14 minutes. On the way they saw the train five times.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Foot Racing.

P.C. Robinson. of the Warrington Police Force, who has won a larzo number of prizcs during the past seven or eight years at different sports held throughout, the county,succeeded on Saturday at the Bury Police Sports in winning the first prize in the half-mile race. The p izo was a gold albert guard valued at three guineas.

Cebnußy's'Coco..t. is-absolutely pure,' 'being" entirely free from kola, malt, hoos, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caution! The public should insist on haying CADEURY'S sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are oftene übstituted for the Fak e of extra profit,—Adrt,—(4).

===== 0002601_19000706_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
!DROWNING FATALITIES

AT WARRINGTON.

Another Boy Drowned in the St. Helens Canal.

Inquests.

An inquest was conducted by Mr. S. Brighouse,county coroner, at the Police Station on Saturday morning on the body of James Henry Moores, aged seven.of Widnes, which was found in the river at Sankoy on Thursday morning. The body had apparently been in the water about six months. James Moores, a waterman living at 29. John-street, • Widnes, identified the body as that of his son by the clothes, &o. Deceased was 7i years of age when he was missed on December 26M last. He was last seen at 1.30 p.m. on that day on Widnes Pier Head playing with some other boys. The pier was near their house, and after school hours children generally went to play there. When he did not return at night witness gave informa- tion to the Whines police. William Thompson. Sankey, stated that at about tea o'clock on Thursday morning last he saw the body of the deceased on the bank of tilt., river at Sankey. Be in- formed the police, and the body was removed to the Black Horse lon. A verdict of "Found Drowned" was returned.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Boy Drowned at Latchford. A Suggestion.

The same morning Mr. Brighouse held an inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of a boy named David Connor,aged seven years,son of Susannah Connor, a widow, residing at 24, Cockhedge-lane, Warrington. The boy was playing on the bank of the Bridgewater Canal at Latcnford and in attempting to get a stick out of the water he overbalanced himself, fell in, and was drowned.

A boy named David Nolan, cousin of the deceased,said that abnut one o'clock on Thursday afternoon he and the deceased paid a visit to their grandfather, who was working at Latchford. They left him at 2.15 and went down the caual bank. While there the do_eased knelt on the bank and tried to reach a piece of wood which was in the water, but overbalanced himself and fell into the water. He told his grandfather,and with the assist- ance of Mr. Nolan, decease.d was git out. Be was then dead. They were the only boys ou the canal bank. Thomas Nixon, of the Black Bear Inn, deposed to a,sisting in getting the body of the deceased out of the water, It had been in 12 minutes.

Inspector Phillips said the boy would be poisoned by the water. It was gs black as ink. A verdict of " Accidental death" was returned. Mr. Nixon asked if it would not be a wise thing to have a grappling hook, life-buoy, or some other appli- ances for saving life near the bridge. If there had be one on toe presunt occasion the deceased %could probably have been saved.

The Coroner : Have many people been drowned at this r 3 pot ?

Mr. Nixon: Yes, a good many. In reply ta the Coroner, witness said that the appli- ances would have to be provided by the Manchester Ship Canal Comnany. who o%ned that canal. There were some grappling irons about half a mile away, but while one was going for those, a person could be drowned. His house was a few yards away from the canal, and he was willing to take care of any such appliance.

The Coroner suggested that he (the Coroner), should write to cba Manchezta bhip Canal Company, explain- ing the circumstances of the case, and saying that Mr. Nixon was willing to take c are of any appliances for saving life. There was no legal obligation. This was agreed to. Another Boy Drowned in the St. Helens and Sankey Canal.

At 12-59 on Sunday afternoon the body of a by named Joseph Parkinson, son of John Henry Parkinson, an insurance agent of 38. Baxter-street, vas recovered from the St. Helens and Sankey Canal. The deceased had been missing from home since 3.30 on Thursday afternoon. Dragging operations were commencNi in the canal on Sunday morning, and the body was recovered by John Jackson, a boatman. The inquest was con- ducted by Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, at the Police Station on Tuesday.

. - John Henry Paikluson. deceased's father, said his son was six years of age. Ho left the house on Thursday afternoon and went out to play and never returned. He was brought home dead on Sunday at a quarter to one. The previous week deceased was playing by the canal and his muther punished him for doing so. Elizabeth Appleton, who keeps a small ship at 7, Baxter-street, said the deceased called at 6 o'clock on Thursday evening and bought an orange. There was a nother little boy with him,!but ehe did not notice who he was. The distance from her shop to the canal was about a quarter of a mile.

John Jackson, a boatman, residing a: 27, Howard- street. Sankey Bridges, said he drafmed the canal on Sunday and recwered the body at 12 50. It was fully dressed. A great many children played about the canal. Inspector Phillips temarked that the canal was not within the jurisdiction of the police,as it was beyond the borough boundary.

The Coroner said that parents cw:ht to punish their children when they played about the canal. A verdict ef "Foiled drowned " was returned.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS FIKES.

Stacks Destroyed at Sankey.

Supposed lncendiarism.

At ten o'clock on Sunday night a fire broke out on the premises of Mrs. Crosby, Lingley Green Farm, Great Sankey. The Warrington Fire Brigade was at once sum- moned and turned out under the direction of Deputy Superintendent Turner with the steam enginellajor. Oa arrival at the scene of the conflagration they found that two stacks—one hay and one straw—were ablaz.a. For- tunately the wind was not blowing in the direction of the farm, or the whole of the buildings might have been destroyed. After working two or three hours the flames were got under, damage having been done to the extent of £lOO. The stacks were insured in the Westminster Office. The firemen returned to Warrington at 3.30. The confligration illuminated the sky fir miles around and attracted large crowds of people from St. Helens. Widnes, Warrington, and surrounding district. The fire is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary. Stables Gutted in Tanners'-lane.

At twenty minutes to one on Monday morning Mr. Owen Toole, a marine store dealer of 57, Allen-street was passing along Erwood-atreet on is bicycle when he noticed flames issuing from the second fhor of the stables of Mr. E tward Isherwood, contractor, Tanners'- lane, Warrington. He at once rang the fire bell and Mr. Isherw)od who lives in a house adjoining the Prewises got up. Inspector Taykr, S2rgeant Hollingworth and P.C.7Phillips were s'ion on the scene and 16 horses were removed from the stables and some documents were taken frcm the office. PVC. Phillips was in the act of handing a book thri.ugh the office window when he cut his hand severely. He was obliged to go to the Infirmary and have the wound stitched. Superintendent Turner and a complement of firemen turned out with the fire engine" Captain." Tiler, was a good supply of water and the fire was extinguished, but not before the premises had been gutted. Fortunately the dimes were prevented from spreading to the adjoining Tannery and what would have been a much more serious conflagra- tion was averted.

Another Stack Fire at Penketh. A fire broke out in the stack-yard of Mr. Joseph Wright's fa: m—Chapel Brow Farm—Great Sankey, at ten o'clock on Monday morning. The Warrington Fire Brigade was summone 1, and on their arrival at he farm found tw,) large stacks of hay blazing fi(rcely: A third was in danger of being ignited,aud the first efforts were directed towards saving it. In this the brigade were stccessful. One of the other two stacks was partially saved, but the fire completely destroyed the third. A very fortunate circumstance was that there was no wind at the titne, otherwise the whole contents of the stack-y.ird would inevitable have been destroyed, and St. Mary's Cturcb, which is do e by, wolf d have been in greit danger. The fire is supposed to have been caused by an in- cendiary. The damage, which is eAimated at £l5O, is covered by insuranco.

Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank.—lncreased

Dividend.

The directors of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank have declared an interim dividend for the past half-year of 14s per share, being at the rate of 14 per cent, per annum. Last year the interim divi- dend was 12s. per share.

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR—If your ha is turning grey orvvhite or falling off use .the MEXICAN luta RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, urey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charminghr beAutiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 35 6;ii per bottle. —Advt•

FLORILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—ThOTOUghI". cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harde;Lt the gums, previ.r,ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per Tar for the Floriline "Powder." of all Chemists and Pectum. era. Adv

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. In alit!) sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from tha Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Established upwards of 30 rears. In boxes 4s. 54 itch, ot all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors t h oug sit the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Toe incoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincola.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ';'," ' • , • :41

===== 0002601_19000706_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1r

===== 0002601_19000706_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. : . • ,A•

===== 0002601_19000706_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19000706_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Eby " eraintin " Otries

T" •. WARRINGTON AND MID-CRESHIRE ExAmINER." pisb ished every Saturday morning. T"E EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXA3IINER," published every Frida3 aftnnoon. T" " HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" " RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morninz. T" ' WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above ch,rges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. pr insertion.

These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined t) those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale :

APARTMENTS WANTED APAR') MENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

HOUSES WANTED HO VS FS TO BE SOLD M ISCELLANEOUS W ANTS MISCELLANEOUi SALES

Dorrimlt&rt ban.

WANTED, a goo GENERAL. —Apply, MRS. W SINGLE- TON, 23, Caroline-street, Blackpool.

VT ns.-38 Widnes and 19 Irish GinihliALS on book. —E. TRACEY, 73. Widnes-road, Widnes.

VVANTRD, young GIRL as GENERAL ; good home.— Apply 225. DRAKE-STREET, ROClldale•

V v ANTRD, servant woman, must be a good milker.—L. BAILEY, Pryers Farm, Lea, near Preston. -----

WANTED. gooil GENERAL : for small family.—lNGLE WOOD, Southport-roail, Chorley, Lancashire.

'WANTED GENERAL; must be fond of children.— T GOODWIN, Eflastone Church-road, Urrnsfon.

WANTED a good GENERAL SE tATANT.—AppIy J. Wnirre.xEß, 32. Cueliffe-strtet, Chorley.

IVANTED, a GENERAL with good references; washing put out; wages £16.-13, DOVEfs-ROAD, Sirkdale, Southport.

rIBNIMALS WANrIiD, at ones; good wages; places waiting; age 16 to 30,—POOLE'S, 258, Itegent-road Salford.

WANTED, superior EIHNBRAL. family of two ; wages V £lB.—ApVy M 165 HunsoN's Registry, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED. good GIINBRAL ; must have good references ; good home and wages.—BL uz BELL, Cheetwoodi Manchester.

WANTaII HUUSIiiKEUP.titt, 30 to : two children Ida and eight; eend pkoto.—COACHMAN, Monkholate, Burnley. Laneaehire.

MRS. 'WRTTON 25, Barnston-street. Mount-grove, Birlienhead.—At once superior SERVANTS ; £lO to £3O ; eleven years' connection.

WANTED, COOKS. HOUSEMAIDS, and Superior Generals all kinds, for town and country; wages £l2 to Ell—Apply Miss HUDSON, Registry, 19, Irlam Street, Warrington.

WANTED, clean, steady GIRT, for farm home references requirFd.—Apply Mrs. HuDDLErrott, Fish Barn, Heath Charnock, near Chorley. - - WANTED, at once. good SERVANT ; four in family; wages £lB ; reference required.—Mrs. V ILITELEY 42, Cliftcn-road, Halifax.

ENRUALS. Cooks, Housemaids with references at once. .'1 Situations waiting ;no fees; stamp rPpIy.—REGIsTRY, 53, Tunnel-road, Liverpool.

• WANTED, HOUSEMAID WAITRESS and KITCHEN- MAID, with good references. -Write or apply ECKERSLEY, Marringhurat, Brooklands.

NVD. ANTE COOK wages £2O; no waihiag ; comfortable situatirn ; small familN.--Apply Miss HUDSON, Registry, 19. Irlam-street, Warrington.

_ WANTED SERVANT GIRL, about 16 or 17; wages 3s. 61. per week ; no wa‘hing ; character required.— Apply 26, Elarmadulte-street, Liverpool.

VVANTBD COOK-GBNERAL and Housemaid (age 18 to 24) ; wages £l6 to £2O ; for private family ; early dinners.—Apply 21, CuUnnn-sTRI.P.T, Blackpool.

WANTED. Farm SERVANT -WOMAN, not under 16 or over 40 years.—Apply by letter to WILLIAM SALU3- BURY, Bottruns Farm, Whittingham, Preston, Lancashire.

WANT'S!), GRNERA.L SR /WANT ; one who can iron shirts and collars ; none but reliable hands need apply.—Mrs. iIUDSON. Hand Laundry, Rectory-road, Burn- ley.

WANTED at once, GUNBRAL, a strong young woman not under 20 ; good character indispensablo.—Apply Mrs. THOMPSON, Morris Dancets Hotsl, hcarisbriok, near Ormskirk. ------ SRVANTS with references wanting situations at seaside and othor pl v ac-s.—App' Mrs. PRESTON, Progressive Registry. 14, Bold Place, or 4s, Charlls-street, Blackpool. Bnclose stamp.

_ NVANT geod (g)l)K-G }MAL tor end ot J ulv. wages £lB to £2O ; also GUM about 17 to assist housemaid and attend to one child.—Apply by letter to Mrs. BhuNDELL, Aughton. near Ormakirir.

WANTED. thorough GENERAL, 28. R.C.; rtferences quired • small wash; plain cooking; small family; wages £l3.—To 5 o'clozic or Ietter—WOODBINE COTTAGE, Pickering-road, New Brighotn. —llO —S 81. AI --OB GARDNER'S SERVANTS REGISTRY ..13.1i(established 30 years). 110 FALVER-eTEKET. corner of Groye-street, Liverpool. —Servants Would write at once, they will and suitable situations awaiting them.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Ea be let.

- - PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3e. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. MILL-STRRIIT.—Suite offices. 33, BRIDGE-STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse k.c , principle position in town, rent moderate. HOW LEY QU Y. House. Stables and Land, rent £3O. SANKEY-S'i R VET, Lock-up Shop. BUTCHERS SHOP Nr Market, with fixtures.rent moderate. 365. BUTTERMARK iT STREET, provision shop with Bakehouse. rent £45. BARK STREET OFFICES, £5 room. Apply ROBERT Lown, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank-street, War- rington. TelePhone—No 55

, COTTAUIa off LOVKLY•LANE.rents 43. Apply 1- LHT WOODS & Sort, solicitors, ilorsemarket-street, Warrini-

ROM • rill() LE V.—LARGE ROWS, Orford-street ; relit £2O.— Apply WoODS A Box, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street. Warrington.___ _ PEBMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS, Orford-street.— Apply WOODS A SON, Solicitors, Horseniarket-street. Warrington. fro LET, gooi HOUSE. Hopwood-street ; 3 bedrooms.— ..IL Apply WOODS AND boN, Solicitors, liorseroarket street, Warrington.

TLEI, STABLE and COACH -HOUSE, with lofts over .1 large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WOODB and Sots. Solicitors, 55 Horsemarket-atreet, Warrington.

GOOD COUNiat SHOP and DWELLING HOUSE, (4 large bPdroonss, 82). in Warrington.—Apply WOODS and Sox. Solicitors, Horsernarket-street. Warrington. LLANDUDNO (Queen of Watering Places).— TO BE LET, . Court Royal, Craig-y don, modern well-built house four reception rooms. 13 bedrooms ; possession at once; rent CO ; grand sea and mountain view; two minutes from seashore. Will take half rtnt for first year to good tenant. Also two good Shops, modern built, with house attached to be Let, together or separately ; each house contains three entertain- ing rooms and eight bedrooms, bath room, &C. ; immediate r dsneos.sion.—Apply S. BARLEY Con _ _j"11 House, Liars -----.

JOBN VV ALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGT@N.

TO TRADESMEN, MANUFACTURERS,

PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN, it.ND OTHERS.

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, " EXAMIISER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, ORDER BOOKS, C't DELIVERY BOOKS, RECEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER

Apartmento, t eurnisinb 1t0115e5.

DLACKPOOL.—Apartments : near Gel:Ural Station.—Mra SHAW. 37, Hull-road, Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable A.PE!..UTMAINTS ; aea view.— Mrs. GERARD, 1. Stanley Villas, Derby-road, Claremont Park. Terms moderate.

MORHCAMBH. West End.—Comfortable Apartments.— Mrs. LowNDES, Corner Chatsworth and Devonshire road; nice locality; good beds.

BRYL:—Pleasant APARTNERNTS, close to promenade; every home comfort • bath, h. and c.; terms moderate. —Cowc,ax AND LLOYD, 17, River-street.

I.3ILIUDIUTON aud SHAW. Stamford House 55 ADELAIDE- BT.. Blackpool ; public and private Apartments ; tezms moderste ; overlooking Winter Gardens.

FrO BI LBT, Furnished 3aTING4IOOM and one or more 1 bedrooms ; pleasantly situated tamilies,—Mrs. Hope-lodge. Rielimoud-hill. Braddan. Isle of Man. _ -

J. WALKER & CO., THE " EXAMINER' WORKS, BEWSEY STREET WA RRINGTON.

PRINTING AND LITHOGRAPHING, BOOKBINDING AND PAPER RULING, AT THE EXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
APARTMENTS (comfortable) with beard, for respectable men.—Mn. FouLKEs, 8. Dixon-street. Warrington.

DROTBOT YOUR GARDliNS.—Garden NETTING. Man mesh, will keep out the smallest birds ; 35 sq yds for is. Will not rot if left out in all weathers. Carriage paid on all orders over 5s As supplied to the Royal Gardens. Common netting at 50 sq. yds, for ls.—From li. J. CialsoN, Qarden Netting Works, Rye.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
•-• _ - - 111-' " • - . • -,- .111.• ' - - ,Ziag-,1444 AM" ••• " I • • I. ,

1 n n - 11

I

===== 0002601_19000706_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAratINER, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
eburattn.

13u5ate55e-S, eir.

Manta

THE LATEST DEVELOPMENT OF

IDITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just Past Station, through Railway Arch).

OPENING OF PITTS'S NEW BRANCH AT PITTS'S FURNISHING PANTHEON, GAY- THORN. Just past Central Station, left side.

TWO SEPARATH BSTAELISHMBNTS. BACH LARGBR THAN OTNBR FURNISHERS.

pITTS'S GENERAL FURINISHING- BUSINESS has assumed such vast dimensions that increased accommodation has become absolutely indispensable. PITTS'S have, therefore, purchased THB PANIIIEON, GAN THORN, together with Albion Mills adjoining, erected at a cost of many thousands of pounds, equipped same with every modern convenience, and opened them as an up-to- date Furnishing Establishment, to run conjointly with PITTS'S, London-road Business.

pITTS'S CONFIDENTLY APPEAL FOR SUP- PORT for both, feeling convinced of their ability tl merit it. by offering a MUCH SUPERIOR SELECTION of new and second-band articles of reliable construction and artistic design and workmanship at CONSIDERABLY LOWER PRICES than tlsewhere. Inspection will verify this.

PITTS'S TWO STOCKS WILL NOT BE EXACT DUPLICATES one of the other. Each, in addition to the usual run of "every day goods," will contain SPECIALI- TIES, particularly in second hand, UNOBTAINABLE ELSEWHERE. Prices throughout will be the very LOWEST POSSIBLE, in many instances showing a CLEAN. SAVING of 50 per cent.

pi ITTS'S WILL STILL ADHERA TO THE SOUND 1 METHODS that have enabled PITTS'S during the last half century to build up a connection, unequalled in the provinces, sparing no effort to strengthen the position PITTS'S already hold In the esteem and confidence of the public by keeping unsullied PITTS'S reputation tor HONEST STRAIGHTFORWARD dealing.

PITTS'S IS I-SStNTIALLY A BUSINESS, four-fifths of the turnover being sold for cash, the re- maining fifth for deferred payments. Cash prices only are quoted, and ten per cent added for credit. PITTS'S have no hard and fast rules, but are ever open for a reasonable proposal. PITTS'S have opportunely helped innumerable oung couplee "over tke stile." and lived to assist their elldren in like manner. PITTS'S at the present time have 14,000 out, and over 800 customers paying instalments.

PITTS'S ENDEAVOUR ALWAYS TO OBLIGE CUSTOMERS, and this is appreciated, as the following entirely unsolicited letter, one of thousands received, shows : " Hyde. April 18th, 1900.—Dear sirs,—lt is witl. GREAT SATISFACTIO that I send you a kind word of acknow- ledgment. thanking you n.ost heartily for the HONEST, STRA IGHTFORWA.RD. and LIBERAL wey with which I have been dealt with. Wishing you and your business every success.—Yours truly," T. 0." Name withheld for obvious reasons, but PITTS'S can produce the original if need be.

PITTS'S ARE VIEWBD WITH FAVOUR BY THE PRESS, having received, unasked for eulogistic notices from the following . Pendleton Reporter " " Criterion," "Lancashire Review," "Salford Chronicle," "Bolton Hews and Journal," Leigh Chronicle." " Warring- ton Observer," "Warrington xamber." " Oldham Stan- dard," " Shottln's Advertiser," "South Manchester Chronicle,"" Western Telegraph," "Gentleman's Journal," "Manchester Faces and Places," Le., Ac.

113ITTS'S IS NOT A LIMITED COMPANY,but a private concern, owned by Samuel Pitts alone, there fore PITTS'S can accept as LITTLE PROFIT as they think fit, without having first to consult a host of shareholders clamouring for large t ividends, which, of course, necessitates heavy profits. PITTS'S own resources are amply sufficient for the economical working of PITTS'S enormous business. PITTS'S FAR-FAMED HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE, at 15i, 221, 231, 381, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas are renowed for superlative excellence and thorough durability. They challenge the most critical judgment. Their MARVELLOUS VALUE is simply astouniing, It is the bounden duty of everyone to see them before deciding, as connoisseurs coosider each is honestly worth DOUBLE the price asked. Full psrticulars at request.

PITTS'S ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE is universally recognised as the handsomest and most comprehensive extant. It contains 700 extremely artistic desißns, priced, and shows plainly HOW TO SAVB ONE- HALF. Each costs us one shilling. We send it pest free, gratis.

-pars's CARPSIS and FLOOR COVERING.I Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs. many of which exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and fitted free of charge by competent mea.

11101ITtS'S BEDSTEADB, PIANOS CYCLES, _L Bassinettes, Mail Carts, Lamps. China, Glass,Barthen- ware. Magnificent selection. Astonishleg value.

SAMUEL PITTS. MANI.TIESTER. LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick, and Longsight, cars). GAYTHORN (all City-road cars pass Door.) Established 1846. NatiOnal Telephone 1124.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
obarto.

THE Rii3ROCATION OF THE AGE

CURES SPRAINS.

CURES BRUISES.

CURES STIFF JOINTS.

TESTIMONIAL.

SHEFFIELD 'UNITED CRICKET & FOOTBALL CLUB.

D inners of the llnglish Cup, 1898-9.

iGeutlemen,— Tt gives me great pleasure to testify to the excellence of you

Embrocation. Yours faithfully, H. H. STONES, Assistant Secretary.

USBD BY P-4L LBADIN4 CLUBS,

Price is. 14(1. per bottle.

Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS,

BRIDGR-ST., MARKET GATE.

AND 35, BRIDGE-STRRET, WAIIRINGTON, FOR 10 D.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING, IN ...LL THEIR BRANCHES. JOHN WALKER AND CO.. BEVNE Y STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eptics,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL SALE AT

HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY'S, (NEW ESTABLISHMENT.) 25 & 25A CHURCH. STREET.

(OPPOSITE PRO-CATIIEDRAL), LIVERPOOL. GLOVES, HOSIERY, AND SHIRTS,

AT SALE PRICES. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

HENRY MILES & COMPANY have been fortunate in securing the Complete SIOLK of Messrs. DENT. ALL. CROFT, .& CO.'S ENGLIbH-MADE SAMPLES of LADIES', GENTLEMEN'S, and CHILDREN'S CALF- SKIN, CAPE SKIN. DEERSKIN, DOESKIN, SUEDE. and KID GLOVES, with and without silk reverse. All best goods, with makers', came stamped inside. Some wit n buttons, and others with patent studs. Hundreds of pairs of ENGLISH, FRENCH, and BRUSSELS KID and SUE1:11 GLOVES, from other well-anowa kickers, will be offerei at the same time, at Reductions varying trona 23 to 50 per cent, less than usual prices.

k)IIILDREN'S GLOVES. SALE PRICE 18. OD. PER PAIR.

Girls' 4 Button Austrian Kid Gloves, tans and browns, usually 13 Elid per pair.

Boys' 2 Button. JiiglLh Cape Leather Gloves, tans and browns, usually Is 6,1 d and Is Ilid per pair. 11 3 SALE RICE L. 621 D. PER PAIR.

Boys' 2 Button Doeskin Gloves. silk reverse, "Dent's Make," tans and browns, usutlly 2s Gicl per pair. Girls' 4 Button Doeskin Gloves, silk reverse, "Dent's Make," taus only, usually 2s E.L-d per pair. SALE PRICE 1-3. 112 D. PER PAIR.

Boys' 2 Button English Cape Leather Gloves, "Dent's Make" silk reverse, tans, browns, and greys, usually 2s 91d per pair.

Boys' 1 spring-Stud English Cape Leather Gloves, " Deo.L's Make," silk reverse, tans a4cl browns, usually 2s 14d per pair.

- LADIES' GLOVES. SALE PRICE W.D. PER PAIR.

Ladies' White Netted Cycling Gloves, with perforated kid palms ; usually Is GI per pair. Ladles' White Netted Cycling Gloves, with kid palms and gauntlet cuffs ; usually Is 111; per pair.

Ladles' 4 Button Superior Lislo Thread Gloves, " Fownes make " ; usually is C.id per pair.

SALE PRICE is. I 13 V4D. PER PAIR.

Ladies' English Milanese Silk Gloves, Black and colours, with or without fancy points ; usually is 110 per pair.

Ladies' White Brussels Suede Gloves, superior quality. with black frilled cuffs, slightly soiled ; usually Is I4d per pair.

Ladies' 4 Button Austrian Kid Gloves, Tans, Browns, and Black; usually is Eld per pair.

SALE PRICE is. 6111 PER PAIR.

Ladies' 4 Button Brussels Suede Gloves, bound kid, Drabs and White only, usually IS 14d per pair., Ladies' 4 Button English Doeskin Qloves, silk reverse, Dent's make; usually 2s 6,id per pair. Ladies' 3 Spring-Stud Suede Gloves, silk reverse, tans. drabs, browns, and black ; usualiy 2s 60 per pair.

Ladies 3 Spring-Stud Austrian Kid Gloves, silk reverse, tans, drabs, browns and black ; usually is Hid per pair.

Ladies' 4 Button Brussels Kid Gloves, good quality, black, tans, and browns, with white or black welts and points ; usually 2s 60 per pair.

SALE PRICE 1. 1112. _D. PER PAIR.

Ladies' 3 Button Wash Leather Gloves, for cycling or golfing, best quality ; ustrtlly 26 110 per pair. Ladies' 2 Spring Stud and 4 Button Double Sewn Austrian Kid and Cape Leather Gloves ; usually 26 11d per pair.

Ladies' 3 Spring Stud, also 4 Button Best Quality English Doeskin Uloves, " Dent's make," Silk reverse, (set or tinteu linings), shades, grey, tan, drab, and brown, usually 2s 110 per pair. Ladies' 3 Button Double Sewn Deerskin and Suede Gloves, Silk reverse, `• Dent's make," tans and greys; usually 3s lid and 4s lid per pair. Ladies' Best-Quality English Cape Leather Gloves, douLle sewn, browns and tans, slightly soiled; usually 36 lid and 4s lid per pair. SALE PRICE 2pi S. 62D. PER PAIR.

Ladies' 3 and 4 Spring Stud and Button Calf Skin and Cape Skin Gloves, pique sewn, silk reverse, " Dent'. Make," shades tans, browns, and greys; usually 3s lid per pair,

Ladies' 4 Button English Cape Gloves, good quality, shade drabs and tans. with 3 cord whiLe points, all double sewn ; usually 33 6d per pair.

SALE PRICE 29. MD. PER PAIR.

Ladies' 2,3, and 4 Spring Studs, also 4 Button Calf Skin, Cape Skin, and Chevrette Kid Gloves, silk reverse in self, stripei, and tartan linings, " Dent's " beet qualities in this lot; shades tans, browns, sates, and greens ; usually 4s l'd and 5s lid per pair. Ladies' 2 and 3 Spring Stud Best Qnality French Kid Gloves, perfect goods, bhades mahogany, ox blood, tan, greyhound,and bi own ; usually 3s lid & 48 lid per pair.

GENTLEMEN'S GLOVES.

3 _ SALE PRICS I,S. nV4D. PER PAIR.

Gent's 2 Button Black and Tan French Suede Gloves ; usually 2s 11}(1 per pair. Gent's 2 Button Grey French Kid Gloves; usually 2s 110 per pair.

i el SALE PRICE 19. U2D. PER PAIR.

Gent's 2 Button Driviag Cape leather Gloves, English make, sizes?, 7-1, 7 7. tan shade ; usually 2s lld per pair. Gent's 2 Button Doeskin Gloves, silk rsverse, " Dent's Make," best quality; usually 2a lit(' per pair.

l ls. f SALE PRICE 2D. PER PAIR

Gent's 1 and 2 Button White and Yellow Wash Leather Gloves, with or without perforated palms, for cycling or golfing; usually 28 llid per pair.

Gent's Driving Gloves in superior English leather, With two buttons, tans only; usually 2s llicl per pair.

Gent's 1 and 2 Spring Studs or Buttons English Cape Gloves, silk reverse, Dent's ' make, tans and browns ; usually 2s 110 per pair. Gent's 1 Spring Stud and 2 Button Doeskin Gloves, silk reverse, ' Deat's make,' tans only ; usually 2s Hid per pair. SALE PRIC E 2s. 620. PER PAIR.

Gent's 1 and 2 Spring Stud English Cape and Calf Gloves silk ruverse, • Dent's best make ;' usually 3s 11.1 per pair. Gent's 1 and 2 Button English Cape and Calf Gloves, silk reverse, shades grey, tau, and brown. ' Dent's best make ;' usually 3s lid per pair.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE PRICE 2S. 111 D. PER PAIR

Gent's 1 and 2 Spring Stud English Chevrette Leather and Cape Driving Gloves. with silk reverse, 'Dent's best quality ;' usually 48 lid per pair. Gent's 2 Mutton Tan and Drab English Cape Leather Glovea, superior ; 33 lid per pair. '

LADIES' HOSIERY OFFERBD AT LESS THAN MAKERS' PRICES.

BOUGHT ATJA DICOUNT OF 25 PER CENT.

A Loughborough manufacturer's complete set of samples of Ladies' Holsery, all this season's goods. The stock consists of Lisle Thread Hosiery, in white, black, light shades, fancr stripes, and checks ; Cashmere Hosiery, in plain and ribbed,with or without embroidered fronts; Spun Silk, in black, tan, white, and fancy shades.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' SHIRTS.

Clearing Lots of Ladies' Shirts, purchased at sweeping discounts, varying from 25 to 50 per cent.

3 SALE PRICE IS. V (14D. EACH.

25 Dozen Ladies' Shirts, with White Collars. slightly soiled. Crepon. Pique, Detain°, and Print, in stripes. checks, and fancy patterns ; usually Is. Did. to 2s. lid. each.

SALE PRICS 2. UM EACH. 95 Dozen Ladies' Zephyr Shirts, in pink, sky, butcher blue, heliotrope, and white, with openwork embroidered white cambric fronts covering the zephyr cloth, All quite fresh ; usually 3s lid each •

• SALH PRICH 3S. 11D. EACH.

9 Dozen Ladies' Mercerised Silk Shirts, lined through- out, American yoke, light and dark grounds, in spots and Stripes Quite fresh ; usually 5s lid each.

THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. HENRY MMES & COMPANY, 25 AND 25A, CIiURUH-STREga. (Opposite Pro-Cathedral)

LIVERPOOL.

THE country will not The South African allow an Government to Hospital Inquiry.

. play with so serious a mat- ter as an investigation into the measures taken to deal with fever cases in military hospitals in South Africa. Nothing in the form of a depart- mental committee will suffice. It will be suspec- ted, and it will not command the assent of the House of Commons. The conduct of the Govern- ment is implicated, as well as arrangements made in the field and at stationary hospitals. The best informed persons are aware that the treatment of enteric fever was made the subject of special re- presentations to the War Office early in the cam- , paign, and that two suggestions were presented— the first in favour of a supervisory civilian hospital committee, the second in favour of a special body of medical experts being selected for the special I treatment of enteric fever cases. Both schemes were rejected, with the result that no independent supervision was made, and that enteric cases were left to one or two doctors and some male nurses, who were, generally speaking patient 9 recovering from illness. Tao Government may make out a case for declining the former, but since it selected competent civil surgeons to look after the wounded it cannot excuse itself for not being equally careful of the sick, who became much more numerous. No departmental committee could enter upon tbeso preliminary inquiries, and yet they are a part of the whole case. The count*/ will give no confidence to any but a thoroughlY impartial committee, because it wants a complete and reliable investigation. A sham inquiry, limited to Bloemfontein, will not do. It was the worst case of neglect, in all probability, but the case of Ladysmith cannot ,be excluded, and even 0 Kimberley it may be necessary to prosecute inquiries. The constitution of the Committee WU be as important as the terms of reference,and upon each point any attempt to secure a favourah.le judgment by manoeuvring beforehand will be resis- ted by the Opposition and condemned hYthe country. The exposure having now been made° and Mr. BURDETT-COUTTS'S complaints and details , having been corroborated and supplemented bY independent testimony, we are in a position to sal that the Government defence is inadequate,and that everything, from top to bottom, must be subject te investigation. The Government ought to see, politi- (ally, that more harm will be done to it by policy of evasion and suppression than by one et frankness and straightforwardness. The excuse hitherto offered can only be accepted if they ara found to be based upon facts. Mr. WyNniaadS defence is not,final, and it ought to be impossiole for anybody to suspect that the object of the Government is to bolster up that defence rather than to lay bare the truth, let the consequehces be what they may. The surprise of the Governtnen that anybody should question the organisation it had set up for hospitals, and that at Bloemfontein under the eye of Lord ROBERTS himsolf, graVe scandals should have occurred, and men should have died for want of adequate medical attention and nursing, may be natural and not affected. 13'1 it is part of the case against it that it seemed to be' unaware that anything had gone amiss, and that lives were being daily lost that ought to have been saved, and would have been saved, by the simple-4 provisions. The relatives of the dead and the in' valided seem to have the strongest claim for 91 perfect inquiry, and they cannot be lett out of the question. Blame will be found to rest somewhere, and the investigators have to -,discovor who were responsible and what ought to have been done • Ignorance cannot be pleaded, and the plea et military exigency is too shallow to cover negler° when no operations were proceeding.

QUITE apart from the tempo The Chinese Problem. ary military efforts demanded by the situation there ar6 , some very grave problems connected with that we are bound to face. On the Continent toi7 much attention is being given to the techniefil military question as to whether we are at war wit': China, and whethersoine formal declaration shoill' not be made of the fact. The murder of Baroo Ketteler would now seem to be sufficientit authenticated to be accepted as a fact, and it is s' complication which would, under ordinary circura- stances, justify Germany in declaring war. 13° we hardly think it will formally take place. Wd are in ignorance of the precise condition of affitir4 ,at Pekin and of the continuance of the Govora" ment which has favoured the Boxer revolutie°' It may have been superseded,it may not command ! the support of other parts of China, arid the rebellion may turn out to have been local, 00411 with some sympathetic movements elsewhere. , a matter of fact, we are not at war with Chio*r. and we cannot implicate the whole 0A the Chinese Army in what has happen in the north. We are not sure 04, the commander of the Taku forts was ECtil*e under any superior orders when he opened fir upon the allied fleet. There is the same ditlietilttil about Tientsin, and respecting the forces wilicA effectually barred the path to Pekin of Advair.' SEYMOUR. A declaration of war would distill° the Powers, as the American Gevernment w° at once draw out of the present combination, policy being limited to one of rescue. There waeskiliol; be no diplomatic advantage gained by m $ such a declaration, as the Chmese Govern iwnouolpderbaetitoi nnsatffeocrtetdh ebyreistaand eoi ft stvhoeulAdynnboat silsaer;

All=

===== 0002601_19000706_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
-4 •

The allied fleet would have no power given to it that it is not already exercising. Moreover, the attitude of watchfulness adopted in other parts of China would come to an end the moment war Was declared. At Shanghai and on the Yangtse generally, at Canton and at Hong Kong, the Chinese troops and population would precipitate themselves on foLvigners generally,and a great con- flagration would begin. The proclamation already issued, in which our efforts were defined as limited to the protection of Ambassadors and foreign residents would be set at naught, and the Chinese would have reason to complain of bad faith. We profess to be dealing with a local trouble, and that is a trio statement of the case. It would be most impolitic to depart from that attitude. The entry of the allies into Pekin may result in a change of government and the gradual restoration of order and peace. To abandon that /lope would be most inexpedient. We have no right to assume that we cannot enter Pekin ; that a declaration of war would assist the Chinese in the capital and its vicinity to offer us reasonable terms and respect international obligations; or that, in the event of there being conflicting parties 111 the capital, such an act would help to the front the party least desirous of war with the Powers arid most anxious for peace. An actual state of War, further, does not and need not exist in other Parts of China. Directions from Pekin have been disobeyed, there is a pause, and we had better Make the best of it by continuing to act upon the Ufa lines laid down. When Pekin has been reached and is in full possession of the allies the immediate question will be the establishment of a G-overnment likely to be respected there and all over China. Declaring war would unite all China against us, magnify the problem of conquest, necessitate the employment of large armies, and lead up to what We are anxious ;Jo avoid —chaos and partition.

Flippant paragraphs intended to b 3 humorous occasionally appear in the English press regarding the occupations chosen by women in Atnerica, No tale has been previously given so complete as that prepared by a lady writer for this month's Humanitarian," and recorded there not as a source of amusement, but for edification and ex- ample. Two hundred and fifty women figure as Ministers, having charges, preaching and doing regular parish work. One, the Rev. Lydia A. Saxton, has been a chaplain for nearly fifty years, Which disposes of the idea that a woman preacher Will be tolerated only so long as she has the at- tractive grace of maidenhood. Then there are Women architects by the score, and at least one fully-certificated woman pilot. The Chicago directory shiws that fifteen in that city are druggists, while in the legal profession throughout the States they have long ceased to be a novelty. The joke about their Powers of special pleading has become ancient, but with it, of course, has gone in these cases the tradition as to extra courtesy. There must be no favour in the courts, and they claim none. The Ingot important consideration, however, for both sexes is that their remuneration is no lower than that of the men. In factory and shop work in England the employment of women has tended to lower the rate of wages, .and so to make it more difficult for the men willing to bear tho double burden to maintain a household. The most satisfying life for a woman is in the home, and these exCursions into more arduous fields are rather for those to whom the opportunity of managing a house does not come, and for those few who from temperament are more inclined to a life in the open. They should be careful to do tuthing to make harder the lot of their sisters.

oTiae of the causes of the mischief of which town fo„dren. sent into the country villages for their "night's holiday by various charitable agencies .1 8 sometimes accused—the chief cause, perhaps— their. inability at once to take a place in the restful life of the fields. They come out of the noise and stir of narrow streets and courts, and bring with them, in that precocious mind which Can inhabit an antemic body, a sense of feverish activity, which will break out somehow, and in Ways more oir less unlawful, unless some controll- ing influence is at hand. There could be little doubt that all objections raised by farmers and others to the advent of these little strangers wowld soon he removed if only a sufficient number of enlightened People, men and women in sympathy with child- hood, and understanding its ways, could be found, hot to perform the duties of teachers or police,but nimply to set the visitors from townland collecting Wild flowers, or engaging in similar occupations, ih the woods and fields which so soon bring colour te the faded cheeks. Without such a guide the child brought from the heart of townland is simply bewildered, and turns to mischief to escape the Positive sense of oppression which the unexplained face of nature inspires in him. There is evidence enough of this in the answers given by London children to the questions put to them on their re- turn, as set out by Mrs. Barnett in an article in this month's" Nineteenth Century," revealing a Pitiful state of mental confusion with regard to Country objects. This condition of thiegs is clearly remediable, but it is rather for the charitable ancieties concerned in these efforts to consider what is to be done.

It is a matter for congratulation that the corn- nuttee of the House of Lords which considered the aPplication of the Warrington Corporation for a Provisional order to construct tramways within the Borough has taken such a favourable view of .the matter. The Committee decided to pass the 46.111 including the section which was opposed by the London and North Western Railway Company and which proposes to cross the Wilders- Pool level crossing by a tramway. The Only proviso inserted in the Bill is that in the e, vent of the Board of Trade ordering a bridge to be made, the Ce4rporation should contribute half t, be cost. There is no reason to think that a nridge for carrying the tramway over the rail- Way will be required, for there should be no difa- tufty in traversing the level crossing in a tnanner consistent with public safety. The tramway will be able to cross on the ievel quite as easily as an omnibus does at the pre- Sent moment. It would indeed have been the cruellest irony, if after patiently tolerating the railway company's wretched crossing for nearly rty years, the Warrington public had been robbed ef the tramway scheme on its account. Warring- ton has lagged sadly behind other Lancashire towns in means of quick locomotion and we wel- come the dawn of a better state of things.

In the course of a few days the Warrington -v-lectric Lighting Order will come before a corn- kat 30 of the House of Lords. Indications are tot wanting that a certain amount of opposition ?ill be mot with. Locally, opposition was organ- ltied by several firms with the object of obtaining Protective clauses and as the protection asked for 18 not of an unreasonable character, an amicable rrangement has been come to so as to avoid a 4.49ng drawn-out battle in committee. The opposi- rigon of the London and North-Western Railway ;,Jernpany is of a more serious nature. Unfor- "lnately in days gone by this wealthy company t'.?•l3 granted permission to have a .level crossing at ilderspool Causeway and ever since Warrington 44s paid- dearly for this concession in the incom- oding of vehicular traffic and the annoyance and ,Ilpennvenience of foot passengers. But this is not t" 1; We are now face to face with another ditii- wllitY owing to this same level crossing. The rail- ayt company have gn objection to it being j?aversed by an electric tramway, and how the „vrPoration's scheme is to be carried through vithont doing so it is difficult to see. We hope .t the scheme will not be wrecked simply to unge the railway company.

then we come to think of it the impudence of Pa l e London and North-Western Railway Corn- is really colosaal. Never was insult more

deliberately added to injury than in this case of the railway company objecting to the Corporation of Warrington taking their tramway over the level crossing at Wilderspool. That level cross- ing itself is only there on sufferance, it ought never to have been allowed, and we further believe .its days are numbered. Possibly this is the opinion of the railway com- pany . who ilaagine, perhaps, that if they make themselves awkward enough the Corporation will be glad to bridge the crossing, do away with it and clear the route for the tramways. Vain hope! The Corporation is not quitA so foolish as to do something for th 9 railway company which they themselves can be compelled to do, and which would moreoverbe in their own interests.

The Watch Committee have taken a wise step in providing a horse ambulance for Warrington. The need of such a valuable addition to our appli- ances for the conveyance of injured persons to the hospitals has been illustrated on more than one occasion recently. A cab with all its disadvantages of shape is very inconvenient for the purpose, and this is especially the case when it is necessary to lift the patients. Even a cab, too, is not always obtainable and the slower method of carrying by stretchers is often resorted to. Apart from the heavy labour involved the delay occasion9d causes untold pain to the injured person. But with the provision of a horse ambulance under the direction of a capable and energetic police force a better state of things may be looked for. Within call by telephone at any hour of the day or night and with officers always on the spot, as little delay as possible should now be caused in the conveyance of persons who may have the misfortune to need an ambulance.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

There is a good deal of electioneering going on in some parts of the provinces, in a quiet way. Can- didates are offering thenaselves,or being asked to do so, and are being asked to attend meetings and state their views. Many are called and a few chosen, and some interesting gatherings are reported. From what is now transpiring it appears that,ceme when the Dissolution may, some of the elections will be very keenly contested. It is much re- gretted, however, that the electoral machinery promises to be in the same unsatisfactory con :ition it was at the last General Election,ween candidates on both sides deplored the state of the register and the practical disfranchisement of many persons who should have been in a position to record their votes. The length of the qualifying period was also felt to be a grievance, and Ministerial candi- dates, as well 88 their political opponents, urged that the period should be shorter. It has been un- derstood all along that although precedence had to be given to more pressing business, electoral re- form would certainty be dealt with before another appeal was made to the country. It is toe late now to pass a comprehensive measure, if Ministers in- tend to take advantage of the patriotic wave that is passing over the country, and any pledges on the subject must be relegated to the limbo of good in- tentions. At the same time, it is felt that there is no reason why a short Act might not be framed to cause the Gensral Election to take place on the new register, and there is no reason, of course,why pres- sure brought to bear upon the Government to this end should COM 9 only from one side of the House. Both political parties experience unnecessary in- convenience when compelled to light an electoral battle with obsolete weapons, and as the chief aim of all should be to got the true verdict of the elec- torate, the contest really ought to take place on the new register. For some time there has been a movement on foot in favour of the registration of music teachers, and to- promote this object, a number of meetingsf are to be held in the provinces. The scheme oa registration is as yet somewhat vague, but the idee is to obtain a list of all music teachers who have passed examinations qualifying them to undertake the task,and to admit none who have not the status of the fully-qualified music-teacher. Possibly the scheme may yet start in a less ambitious way, in the hope that ultimately there may be a kind of corporation of music teachers of the professional class, which will stamp out the amateur. I( the registration of music teachers puts an end to the innumerable class of excellent persons, including bad musicians, who set up schools of instruction in their own homes, and make a street uncomfortable by discordant sounds, and our nights hideous, the promoters will prove "benefactors of their species." The amateur who takes in pupils to bang and practice upon the piano may have as much right as neighbours, to live and earn an" honest shil• ling," but at any rate the neighbours have a right to live also. Ilou,eholders generally will give the registration movement much support if it be made a condition teat music teachers shall live in de- tached houses. There is no disposition to he hard on such teachers generelly ; only upon those, for instance, who are under ne necessity to teach and yet are so hard on others, "Railway Reform" was at one time a standing headline in certain newspaper offices, and the ques- tion was agitated with some effect. Reforms were brought about ef a very useful and substantial char- acter, without any prejudicial effecc upon the com- panies' dividends, and all appeared to be satiefied. Last year the companies almost went out of their way, and they allege now that it was " out of their way" in the most inaporant sense, the pecuniary, to collect and deliver paesengers' luggage at a low rate, and this kind of traffic increased rapidly. But now the rate is abolished, or doubled rathei, and, not content with this kind of volt-face they have raised the rate of excursion fares, and taken to weighing any luggage the passenger may be carrying with him, with an eye upon the possibility of its being heavier than the regulation allows. Thus for any suspicious looking bag the passenger may have with him he is at the tender mercy of the railway porter. They have given due notice of the innovation by posters affixed to the station walls, and that is perfectly fair. But in practice it is giving some trouble to eassengers, many of whom know nothing of the weight of luggage allowed to go free, and complaints are common. The only person who seems pleased with the change is the railway porter, and the reason why it is not necessary to mention. A question was to be asked. baring indirectly upon this and kindred points by Sir Cameron Gull in the House of Commons, and by-and-bye, if things go on as at present, the question of the State con- trol of railways may be revived. Meanwhile, some of the companies have returneri to the practice of plastering the station walls with notices of con- victions obtained against persons for travelling without tickets, in which the name in full, address and amount of penalty imposed by the magistrates, are all boldly set forth, as was the custom of yore. hut for awhile discontinued and understood to he illegal. Whether legal or not, it appears somewhat un-English. There is a great deal of duff e•ence be- tween this kind of publication and newspaper re- ports. as any one of ordinary intelligence may with a moment's censideration plainly perceive. The high pries of coal is mentioned as one of the causes of the present depression in the Lancashire cotton trade. It, may he in this case, as in many others, that the late and present hiah prices are mere excuses for certain people putting money in their purses which otherwise they would have no Plea for keeping, or converting to their own us. There can be no doubt that the price of coal is be- coming and will continue to hecome,an increasingly serious matter in the future. But that is not a reason why the prices should be augmented on every kind of flimsy pretence and for all so-es of sinister purposes by those capable of indulging in them, to their own advancement, end for th,,,ir per- sonal gain. Because we have resigned ourselves t ) having the poor always with us, every ne'er do well thinks AVA Must COMA to his relief also; and an- parently, because coal has become dear, and agents are receiving more money preportionately in the way of cotnrniesion, the prices must he maintained or sent up higher still. Where this cannot be dope, there are other ways of p-ofiting by making present prices the excuse fer indulging in ways that are devious, like the freathen Chinee. Wholesile dealers are " yearnine " the public that prices will be higher in the ensuing winter than ever before, and disinterestedly advising them, therefore, to " give their orders now." There is a strong feeling in the provinces that the Government should make greater provision for the widows and orphans of our soldiers and ssilots. It is not thought creditable to the neion that so many men who have fought, the battles of the 'country in the past should be found in the work- houses as appears to be the case, It may t sbe that there are many inmates of these houses ready to play off "the old soldier" upon unsuspecting visitors who never, were in battle, if, indeed, they were

===== 0002601_19000706_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIOAY, JULY 6, 1900.

ever in soldier' clothes, but there are more genuine soldierly veterans there tau reasoning and reason- able men care to think of. It is only natural that they should naalre themselves known 1123r0 now than ordinarily, and that we shou!d hear more of them ; but the matter is one that should assuredly have the attention of Parliament before the talked of Dissolution come.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT].

Runcorn Anglers' Association have this week opened their waters at the Old Quay. The fishing there, however, has not been as satisfactory as ex- pected, and to all appearances will remain so until the water is cleared of the great masses of weed with which it is filled. On Wednesday there was the first fishing contest of the season. It was highly successful too, but owing to the inclemency of the weather the "sport "was anything but lively.

The prevailing opinion is that the general elec• tion will not come oefore next year; but whether it comes soon or late the quesion of contesting the seat is receiving attention from the Conservative section of the Norchwich Division. There is of course no c_indidate mentioned as yet, but it is common knowledge that the " Constitution " is desirous of obtaining a stroug one, in the hops of wresting the seat from Sir John Brunner. Some of the Runcorn Tories think the opportunity a golden one, and seem inclined to think that Sir John's armour is vulnerable on the " War question." Runcorn Liberals, however, are reciay and prepared to sup- port their present member and do not forget all the town owes to Sir John Brunner, as well as the great amount of good he has done ia the division. Sir John has been an ideal member and ever since be has represented the division,it has been well re- presented. lie will have to be a strong candidate indeed who will disturb the deep-seated regard of the Northwich Division electors for their present servant and legislator --Sir John Brunner.

"Are our city fathers asleep, or have they gone for a walk ?" Are they devoid of the seven senses : or having the full faculties of human beings do they adopt the policy of disregarding the dictates of con- science? Will they kindly drop their supine indifference, and give attention to tho matters indicated as urgent or " by the powers " that rule their destinies—the ever turbulent ratepayers— there shall follow disclosures of a nature that will cause some" sitting up."

This para Japli might cause alarm, and some of the members of our C.RILICiI will naturally begin to ruminate as to what the nature of tie discieure3 might be. rAet their conscience be the judge. Even in their last meeting do not they stand self condemned. Mr. S. Taylor, referring to the iraprovenint of the Rook S'avage-road says : "We are only doing to-day what we should have done 39 years ago !" True, enough, bat ara our Councillors always going to be 30 years behind the times, and that too, on their own confession. Verily Mx. Taylor's words should be hung up in the Coun- cil Cnamber as a text. a motto, a reminder, and used in every speech, as applicable to every tranzi- action. Repairing that road was not the only thing that was required 30 years ago.

Another step towards the completion of Run- corn's Park and I?e!creation Ground was taken yesterday when the Council determined to spend £l,OOO in levelling and other necessary work if the °Ammon is to perform even in a small part the purposes for weich it is intended. There were four dissentients to this needed expenditure, and the chief was ilr U. Bisbrown, who presented the hostile attitude he has ever maintained since the inceptien of the scheme. His admirers may described this as con- sistency; others would use a stronger word of ler different meaning. .Nfr. Bisbrovvn and those who acted with him claim to be voicing the opinions of the ratepapers. How these gentlemen have acquired their knowledge of the views of the ratepayers was not made clear, but those of us, who are not in the inner circle, have had at least two opportunities of gauging the feelings of the people upon this park question. This question was the main plank in the platform of the self styled Ratepayers' Association which passed like a cloud across the horizon of Runcorn to expire after a brief existence, ignominously at a bye-election. This Association held three meetings and yet with all the indignation with which we are told the ratepayers view this park scheme, and which was an unfailing topic for speakers to dilate upon, these meetings did not attract a c4raplee hundred of people. They brought forth a candi- date—he thundered against this so called unrighte- ous expenditure of public money—canvassed and fumed, and when the poll was declared the canAi- date was not scores of votes, but hundreds of votes in arrear. This election was a better voicing of the views of the ratepayers than any given by Messrs. Biebrown and Co. To talk of calling a ratepayer's meeting to decide whether further money should be spent or not is futile. The reso- lution of such a meeting would not be conclusive. If these members have tne courage of their convic- tions, why do they not boldly demand that a proper poll of the inhabitants be taken? Until that is done, in my opinion the Council are acting within their rights, and acting wisely in proceeding to convert a desert into a smiling plain which wiil be a joy to young and old.

The Council have yet power to spend £l.B )0 Mr Taylor, however, is willing that this amount should not be drawn from the rates. Lie favours the idea of a public subscription and with his usual large- hearted generosity is prepared to head the list, and Runcom people from pastexperience know what that means. But he is prepared to go a step further ; if need be ho would go out and beg. This is his own un- varnished statement, and it received acceptance from most members of the Council in the spin- in which it was given, What, however, was the attitude of iniE of the members who was wishful to save the ratepayers, as he said, heavy expenditure upon the common land ? His expression was brief and to the point. It was; "I shall do nothing of the kind !" Men are to be judge by" acti ns not words" Mr. Taylor propo,e I and advocated the spending of the ELMO but at the same time he is willing to give of his substance and of his valuable time, to make the Common" a thing of beauty and a jay for ever,"and doubtless there are many others who will willingly follow his lead. If the four members who vesr,er- day morning prided themselves upon having the courage of their convictions, do no act likewise,the ratepayers will quickly discover that " Cecilia is their friend, not Short."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A RESULT OF THE WAR.

A LIVERPOOL CYCLE TRADER OPENS IN sourei

AFRICA. TWO THOUSAND CYCLES TO ISE SOLD REGARDLESS OF COST.

NO 11EA.SONABLE OFFER IS REFUSED.

Messrs. Hardie, L`d., of Liverpool, Birkenhead. and Southport, having decided to open branches in Sur.th Africa, and it therefore being necessary for the manag- ing director, Mr. 11. Hardie. to priced almost IMMe- diat,!..ly to the Cape to superintend matters there, the Company have res,lived ti close their depo, at Sou'h- port. Consequently they are now disposing of the whole of their Southport, stook, regardless of all cost. It includes Rovers, Singers, Cismcnds, Raleighs, Bares, Drag.inflys, Palinars, Asurs, Raglans. 4Sr3 , and all are being sold at a great ,azrifice for the sake of clearance. They have, however, decidid to keep opeo their Liverpool and Birkenhead shops during the absenc of Mr. Hardie, and are now off,ring at hitherto unheard of prices, their stock of cyclee, which number 1,500. That this sale is a thoroughly genuine one can be.-easily ascer- tained on comparing the prices now asked by Hardie, Limited, wit the catalogues of the various maker, as it is now he custom of all large cycle firms to putvisn in their catalogues the a-t prices of their machines. As an example cr .;wo of what Hardie, Limited, are deing, we q tote the following . Two hundred Road Racin. elee, made bv Psliwrs, of Ja.rrow, the ordinary not price of which is £l3 13i. each, are now being offer d for £8 17, 61, fully guar,n- teed for twetv moorhs ; also a large nuosber of Smzer Gents' Niorle!e Cycles for £l2 12s, and a large as4ortment of other makes from -25. An opportunity Ii ihis may never neon- again, and we aouli advise all cyclists to call cu Mr. Hardie, at the Liverp.4ll shop in Berry-street, for Curlier particu'ars of the sale, wuich wiil c ose at the end of the -preient month.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN CHOIR.

The annual sermons in aid of the Choir funds were preached Dn Sunday in the Wesleyan Chapel, EarleE- town, by the Rev Parker, of Liverpool. Special anthems and solos were sung by tne choir,and there was a large congregation at the evening service. The collections amounted to upwards of £7. NEW RAPID °YOURS with Bia cranks and free wheels, J. S. CLiaLLND, Cycle Factors, Bridge-ot., Warrington,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WiDNEE.S.

INSTALLATION AT OXFORD.

On Thursday I'l4, the .Rev. J. Osborne, pastor of Bethesda Church, Runcorn, tool the degree of M.A., at the in,tallation field that day at Oxford Univer- sity. Mr. Osborne also;graduafed in honours at the same university. FISHING CONTEST AT RUNCORN.

About 27 mernoere oi the Auncorn Anglers A 930- ciatioa partook in a fishing contest,at the Old Qaay waters, ou Wednesday evening. The weather Wa,3 decidedly .unlavourable and sport was slow. The contest however, proved vary interesting and at- tracted a large number of spectators. Five prizes were offered, and secured by Harrison, '3 T Yates, Isaac Clare, and W

===== 0002601_19000706_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON WESLEYAN 6IINDAY SCHOOL.

The anniversary ot the above school was cele- brated last Sunday, by the holding ot special ser- vices morning and evening. The preacher was the Rev B. A. H. Barley, of Wigau.—.V., the afternoon service the pulpit was occupied by the Rev J. A. B. Malvern, pastor in charge. Special hymns were sung by the choir and scholars.—The collections realised over £25. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

These sessions were presided over by Messrs. G. L. Davies alai W. Timmins, on Monday last. There was very little business of importance. —Michael Radican, an Irish harvesi man, for being drunk and disorderly in Snuffy-row, Runcorn, was lined ss. and as costs, with an alternative of 14 days.—Con- stable Wylie, who proved the case against him, stated the man Was in the. habit ot going into public-houses, and if the people woo haopensd to be inside would not "stand drink" he would create a disturbance. SUCCESS OF WIDNES ATHLETES.

At the sports neld at Birkenhead,on Saturday,in aid of the hospitals, Widnes was well represented so far as concerned atoletes. Several local men won their heats, but, with two exceptions, were thrown out in the final. In the mile rice, open, A Haynes, Farnworth Harriers came second with 125 yards start. The two miles steeplechase provided-con- siderable interest, 80030 well-known cross.country clubs competing. Fara worth Harriers succeeded in gaining third place with 25 points. The club was represented by A Haynes, E Cook, and P Cannot..

ACCIDENT ON THE SHIP CANAL, NEAR RUNCORN.

On Saturday the steamship Starlight, from the Baltic to Stanchester.witla a cargo ot deals,met with an ae,cident after leaving Eastham. The vessel W5B stem on, and had such a bad list that the lashings of the deck cargo burst,and half of the cargo went into the Ship ( anal. With the aid of several tugs the vessel got afloat at the expiration of about two hours, and proceeded on her voyage apparently un- injured. Traffic was delayed for some time. rhe Starti,ot i the same vessel which jumped t.a.tch- I ord lock gates a few years ago and did considerable damage. SUDDSN DEA= OF A FA= LABJURSII AT WIDNBS.

The police have received information of the som .what sudden death of Edward Turner, a farm labourer. aged 56 years, at no fixed residence,which took place in a stable belonging to Mr. William Brocklebank, landlord of the Black Horse Inn, Birchtield.road, ‘Vidnes, on Scut-day afternoon. The deceased had been in the district for 17 years, and had earned his livelihood by thatching cottages and doing odd work for different people. Lie suffered from chronic bronebitis,and soma time ago was an inmate of the Prescot Workhouse, where he was attended by the doctor for that complaint. He had not been medically attended since that time. About one o'clock on Saturday Mr. Brocklebank found him in his stable. Noticing that he looked very ill ha at once went for Dr. MacLennan,butthat gentle- man was away from home. On his way back he met Dr. Edwards, who went to the stable aril found that the man was dead. Information was despatched to tbe Coroner, but he did not consider an inquest necessary.

TH-E NAVIGATION OF THE MERSEY, LOCAL DREDGINGS. A report "On the present state of the navigation on the river Mersey (1899), to the Right Rout. the Commissioners for the Conservancy of the river," has been prepared by Vice-Admiral Sir G. S. Nares, F R.S., acting conservator of the Mersey. Alluding to the Ship Canal, the report says :—" In ins tidal portion of the canal between Eastharn and Latchford, 476,898 tons of silt were dredged. Of this quantity 193,600 tons were taken to sea, and 283,298 tons were deposited on land belonging to the company beyond the reach of tidal influence. From the length of the canal between Latchford Locks and the Mersey Weir, 40,480 tons of silt and 440 tons of clay were dredged and deposited at sea. In addition •to the foregoing quan- tities, dredging for construction and other purposes was carried out at the mouth of the River Weaver and at Wig works, Runcorn; the total quantity being 31,967 tons, and the material consilting mainly of clay and sandstone rock debris. Of this quantity 18,920 tons were deposited at sea, and 13.087 tons on land above the influence of the highest tides. No new works of special im- portance have been undertaken in the tidal section of the canal during the past yell.. In the lergth of the River NI ersey between\the western boundary of Messrs. Monks. Hall and Company's works at Bank aay, Warrington, and Howley Weir, 149.776 tons of material have been dredged and 4lepositen on land above the influence of the highest Wee' Among the new works for which plans had been submitted to the Conservancy ani approved may be mentioned the alteration on frontage at Bank Quay on the 30th June; the widening of the 14 & N.-W. Railway bridge across the Mersey at. Arpley, on the 9th October, and the extention of for retention of temporary jetty at Ogle Beach, by Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co.. 6th November. A BO&TWOMAN'S UNTIMELY DRAM.

The deputy co,oner, Mr. White-, held an inquest on the body of Rlse Hannah Scragg,at the Runcorn County Court, on Saturday afternoon last —Charles Scragg, boatman of the narrow boat." Steward," said deceased was his wife, and abnut 51 years of age. He last saw her alive about 10.15 on Friday night when he told her he met going to" turn-in" and advised her to do the same. She had a stupid Ii t; on and would not. ge awoke at 530 am. and at once began inquiries about his wife. As he could not find her at the Police Station, he sug- gested that she might have fallen into the Canal, as she had two flats to cross before she could get. aboard.—Georee Worrall, of the narrow boats " " and " Amanda," testified to assisting to drag the canal and recovering the hod y.—ln reply to the Coroner he said : "It. was usual to grapple for boat-people if they mild not be found at the Police Station or other places." He found the body in about three f.-et, of water.—Jane Sandham, wife of John Sandham, 20. Lendwood-streat, Winsforl, said she wasz daughter of the deceased. Her father and mother had always been on the best of terms sergeant Samuel Greviy, of the Runcorn Police, said he assisted in recovering the body. There were no marks of violence noon it, end it was fully dressed. From what he knew of the people they were both very hard-working and respectable The jury returned a verdict, of " found drowned." aul thanked the Coroner,on behalf of the deceased'i relatives, for holding the inquiry that day as it would enable them to proceed home without de- lay,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
BOAT THIEVES FMA.RTLY DEALT WITII.

Charles and Edward Osborn, father and son, boat- men, were on Sattirday charged before the Runeom Bench with stealing 28 yards of rope valued 4s. from the flat. " Mary Ellen " sometime betw,en 6 p.m. on the 27th June, and 6 a.m. on the 28. h of .Tune.—The rope was the ptonery of Mr. C. V, H Harrison. of Runcorn.—Enneh Hulse, Captain of the flat, sgid on the 27th ult., his flat, was lying at th. Old goay, Runcorn. When he left her about. 6 o'clock on Wednesday evening the rope was lying on the deck. The following morning the rope was missing, and be gave information to the police. During the period mentioned the ivisonere boats were also lying at the Ole) Quay. —P C. George Car- rington, as the result of investigation, found the prisoners'boats lying in the Bridgewater Canal near the Halton-road Crane. He boarded them and found the rope (produced) on hoard. He took the prisoners into custody. and in answer to the charge the elder one said " I know nothing about the thin piece of rope." I don't know how that, came on board, but the thick piece was picked up by my son Bill out of the Canal at Northwich." The son said " I don't know anything about them ; some• body must have thrown them upon the boat. 4 Afterwards when in the cell the son supplemented his remarks by saying "I took them, my father didn't."—The elder prisoner elected to give evidence. and swore he had nothing to do with the theft., but in cross-examination, by Superintendent 1.) Pearson, he admitted there was a large quantity of coal and other materials in his house for which he could render no account.—Both prisoners were sentenced to 21 days' hard labour without option.

A CANDID A.TE FOE THE HIIMA.NE SOCIETY MEDAL.

A number of people witnessed a very plucky rescue from drowning in the Ship Canal, at Run- corn on Saturday afternoon, A boy named Mere- dith Ivens, 11 years ot age, residing in Cooper- street, Runcorn, was "crabbing" in company with a nnmber of otuer lads off the landing-stage, by the Ferry Hut, when he overbalanced himself and felt into the water. Captain Harvey, who resides in South Bank-terrace, Runcorn, heard the cries of the boy's cJmpanions for help, and on going outside he took the situation in at a glance. He quickly scrambled down the wall, and ran to the canal side. Without divesting himself of his clothing, which was very heavy tun had just come off duty at tie docks), he plunged in, and succeeded in bringing the boy safely to toe side. The boy was able to walk home with the assistance of some friends. This is not the first instance in which Captain Har- vey has saved life, and it is to. be hoped that this act will be brought under the notice of the Royal Humane Society. Captain Harvey's brother was going down the canal at the time in the Pomona, and was a witness of the gallant act of his brother, Captain Harvey Was very much exhausted when he got ashore again.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
.. -- DROWNING OF A LITTLE BOY AT RUNCORN.

A Distressing Case.

At the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday evening, Mr. R. D)bson, coroner, held an inquest on tll9 body uf Leonard Mal!cross, a boy, whose lo.)dy was found in the Old Lock of the Bridgewater Canal on Tuesday night. Me boy had been missing since Sunday. Joseph H. Shallcross, 17, Howarn street, painter, said he was the deceased's f.ther. The boy's name was L3anarcl, and he was five years and one month old. Be lasr. saw the boy oi Sun lay about mid-Jay, at which time he was quite well. Shortly after nom the boy went out. His boy was in the habit of going towards the Canal which was close to the house. He had no idea the boy was drowned.—By a Juror: Deceased was in com- pany with four other boys when he left the house, but none of them could tell him anything about the missing

Wilfred Kirkham, aged nine years, one of th 3 little boy's playmates, said be was out with Leonard uu Sun- day. They went to a field near the locks in Dukes Field to pick flowers. They were all coming back aoout five o'clock, when someone shouted to them as they were going out of tha field. Four of them crossed the locks, but Leonard stayed behind. He heat d a shout or scream but could not tell who it was. The worth used *ere "Now Harry 1" They turacd back and crossed two of the locks, but they were sent back and not allowed to cross another. On coming home they told L-onard's mother they had lost him. Ho did not think L sonard was in the Canal. If the watchman had not shouted to them they would have gone back and found hitn,he was sure of that.

Joseph Hallsworth, said be was a lock-tender, on the Bridgewater C iul, and resided in Crescent-row, Run- corn. On Sunday afternooa, about 430t0 5 o'clock he saw four boys coming from the direction of the graving dock side to cross tae middle gates. He • was in the cabin door, and prevented them crossing the gates. He understood the little boy to say that he was going to his father's flat, and told him they were too little to go that way. The children did not tell him that one of their ptavm4tei was missing. They did not go straight away but loitered about until he got up.—By a juror: He ctia nut bear a scream.

Joseph Siiley, 18, Crescent-row, Runcorn, lockkeepor and watchman in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, said he heard that the deceas,d was mis,ing on Monday morning. • Efe found the body and pulled it out of the water. The body was fast under the gates of Na 10 Lock. Detective-3-rgeant Samuel'Gregory, swore to examin- ing the body of the dec,3asod. There was a mark behind the left ear, evidently of recent occurrenco ; both eyes were discoloured ; and both legs were broken below the knee, and ate body was very much crushed. From his experieoco he would say that the injuries were pt =nem. He thought the injuries to the head would be caused by the grapplin.• irons. The jury, of which Mr. W. Byfie.ld was the foreman, returned a verdict of" Found drowned."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

Tne following are the resu:t3 of the examinations re- cently held at the Runcorn Technical Institute by the City and Guilds of London Institute, and theLincashire and Cheshire Union of 'agitates.

Barcicw,mn.—Elonours Grad,FLrqt class: S Maddock; second c 1455, Genrae Pennington. Ordinary Grade, first class: T N Withingt-m ; second class, R W Booth, W Myron. COOKERY. —First class with distinction Stella Cameron, Fri,nerica Wilton ; Sacond class, Francis E Onristien, Mary E Clarke, Fanny R Price, Lucretia Wilton.

DRESSMAIKING.—First Class: Clark Bra shaw, Kale Hilton ; second alas., Martha A Aston, Minnie Carter, Mary E Catterall, Winnie Pritchard, Lydia Smith, Laura Treadwell.

Fesxciz.—Literary Stage, second class : Florence E Handley ; Pass, E'sie Cameron, anat., Simicirt, Alice M Handley. Elementary,firat class : Madeline Coristien ; second class, Rt.ginald ChristiAn ; pass, T SitoirrnaND.—Speed, second class : John Simkin ; third class. James Banner, Thomas J Cia.rke. Ralph Gibbs, Shirley 8 Robinson, Frederick W Wilkins)n ; ttleoretical pass, Robert C Baxter, All:m.t Diaper, Nathaniel Jones, Richard Newport.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STRIKE OF DOCK LABOURERS AT RUNCORN.

Work Resumed.—Correspondence.

Work was resumed at the Runcorn 1:0)eks on Monday last, and has kone on uninterruptedly all the week. The terms aer)e3 upoe were as stated in our last i,sie. On Siturdav niatt t about six o'clock he men employed by the ship Owners' Federation were dispensed with—a c0:1,412=14U Rratifsing to all par,les— As their hacks were turned upon the Runcorn lac bv.the ominous cloud (sight though it has been) of trade depression rolled away, and in six short hours atterwards the usual hands bean to lab3ur nnd the quay sides to tak up their usual appearance of industry.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
INACCURICIE3 AND FILSE INTPRESSIONIq,

SOME REFLECTION. UPON THE. REjEN

STRIFE

To the Editor of the Runcorn Examinee—Dear sir.— Will you kindly permit inn on behalf of myself ani col- leagues as r'presenting the workers at the Runcorn Dock to expreaa our thanks to the press for their valuable assistance rendered to our cause and through the Peeas to the local authority and the people of Runcorn for their manifest sympathy with us in nor recent trouble, With your permission we desire to point ow, a few inaccuracies end false impressions, without tauehing upon debatable matter connected with the dispute.T ;ere was not a atreke as generally underatood. We hid "übmitted a claim for advanced rates for the considera- tion of the company, and beyond this we had no immediate intention of applying pressure upon the Canal Company. A suceesaion of events created by the company foro.ed the conflict and we are more than satisfied be its results. The importation ot a consider able force of policemen, gives the impression of Remo kind of panic in the mind of our loot! au hority. Was this force necessary and who were they to protect ? The evolution of events has proved they were unnecessary. We had no qua-rel with the people of Runcorn, in fact we found no inconsiderable rovion of the people and our interests were Lientical. The narrow-boatmen did not require protection frem ea A moment's calm consideration will show that these men whose action precipitated the crisis were really w ,rkine our own emancipation. Pressure applied by their own nifficultiea—by their employers—by maniilncture,s— -compelled them to take up a position which we knew must bring a solution. Surely, it was not expected 'hat the Shipping Federation men were in danger. If so then it proves that the lesaions of the toast hive been unheeded by our local rulers. A mere handful of men instructed by their employers unaccustomed to the work and although reef iyine good wages incapable of handling the cargoes on profitable terms and hearing a name that is a. brewerd—these men were rather objects of commiseration than hostility. The most powerful weapon in the hands of trades unionists is order, and ehis we endeavoured with all our influence to miintain and it is admitted cur efforts were auccesifol. We are sometimes t meted with driving trade free.' the pa-t. It would be nearer the truth to say that the label?. troubles are not created be us and that we have always been the victims of a vicious system that ignores the reasonable claims of the W'Tklr3 as represented by intelligent unieniam. We find the fool for our wives and families around these docks and it is our interest to encourage such trade se long as it admits of a fur return for our labours. Trielefore our interests are identical with those of the town. We cannot how- ever even in the interest of trade be expected to de- generate into galley slaves. Another erroneous imerea- sion is that; Trad. Unionists are always bursting for a fight. To our mind Unionism is deficient when it fai's to avert senikes. We however are not so conceited as to think that we could hope to defeat a peweinul company backed by a still more pewerful corporation,, unlesa our claims as those put forward recently were such as to commend thernaelvn to tee reasonable consideration of the Canal Company anti the public generally. The policy of force is past and reason has entered into the arena of social conflicts. Aeitin thanking you, WA remtie, yours truly, Joseph Billam (president), Ellis Gatley (secretary).flrener Mersey Watermen and Porters- Association, Jule 3rd, 1900. FRB etIER (IYOLBS price £9 17s 63.—J. S. GARLAND, Cycle Factor, Bridge-street, Warrington.

UNDER THE OLOOK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt

===== 0002601_19000706_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

At the usual monthly meeting of the above Council held at the Town Hall Runcorn,on Thursday, thtre were present :—Messrs W Handley' (presiding), F Wiswall, S laylor, D Bishrown, M J Sweetman, J B Silk. Id, T Jones, J W Lightborn, H J Grine, J H Kirkham, T Than, R H Posnett, J Watson, J Pritchard, with Mr E Marshall, secretary ; Mr F A Lake (law clerk) ; and Mr J Wilding Zsurveyor).

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REP3RT.

The number of deaths registered during the past mouth amounted to 30, two were inquest cases and of the rdmainiug 28,13 were due to ialluonza and pneu- monia. The 30 deaths showed an average death-rate for the twelve months of 18 9 per 1,000 of the estimated population and exclu.ive of the inquest cases of 176 Forty births were registered and for the corresponding moLth last year there werq 16 deatbs and 51 births registered. 'me authority would observe that the large increase in the death rate was in part due to the preva- lence of paeummia during the past moath.

- THE PARK AND CODISION. The Highways and Building Committee recommended that a sum of £I,OOO be expended on the Common on had drainage, tevelling,manuring and planting,pitching , sides of lake, and making of footpaths. Mr. S. Taylor, in moving the recommendation of the Highways and Buildings Committee, pointed out that in addition to the £I,OOO asked for that morning, to be expended an draining, eta., the Council had also sprit the sum of about £1.200 in making the road from the Heath to the boundary of the township by Rack Savage. In his opinion, however, this £1,200 termed no part of the Common scheme at all. It had been expended in the making of a road that ought to have been made long ago. There had been general complaint; from every- body that the road was neither fit for carts nor wheel- , barrows or vehicles of any description. The £l,OOO , asked for that morning would be the best spent money , the Council bad ever spent in Runcorn. There was no recreation ground for the town of 20,000 inhabitants. It was a scandal that the only recreation ground for the young people was the puolic streets, with the result that many children had been crippled for life,snd that almost week after week with distressing frequency firm beal.hy growing lads had been brought before the magistrates for playing football and other games in the streets. He felt sure that when this £l,OOO was spent the young people would have facilities for r.creation which no doubt would be highly appreciated. Pei sonally he would rather have seen Bancorn people adopt the course that Widnes had proceeded on, and have their work done by public subscription. He would have taken his part and would hare been glad to bead the list, but as nothing had been done in this way it was the duty of the Council to provide suitable accomnasdation for the young people. Mr. Wiswall seconded without comment.

Mr. Bisbrown proposed an amendment tbatthe recom- mendation referring to the Common be deleted from the minutes. He was not, he said, individually, opposed to having a park and recreation ground, but from the inception of the scheme he had strongly urged that it was obj?ctioaable on the ground of Cast. Be knew that in voicing his views that morning he was leading a forlorn hope, but he spoke sincerely ; and if there was an election in his I ward to-morrow he would stand or fall by that issue. He was prepared to make it a test question because there was a larger volume of opinion against the scheme that the Coupe I imagined. lie clmbated Mr. l'aylar'a statement in regard to the Rock Savage-road and said that that clause had to be in toe order before the Mar- quis of Cnolmendeley would relinquish his common right. Ile contended that a mu:h less expenditure on the Common would have don 3 for in lay years to c He suggested that the field adj Ailing the Cemetery, which would not now be needed for 'limy years to came—thanks to Mr. Wilding's re-arrangement of the grave spac33 at the Cemetery—might be convertect into a recreation ground. The present scheme would involve an increare I rate from id to 41 in the £ per annum. The rate was already too high and they cauld not get industries to the town unless they made stcrifices. There were luxuries they would all like to have but they could not afford them and he placed the Common scheme in that category. He should vote against the recommendation on the grouad of excessive expenditure. Mr. arme seconded the amendment and said he was in favour of the issue being placed before the ratepayers, whether they were in favour of the scheme being finished entirely or not. Mr Lightburn supported the minutes and said the Marqu,s of Cholmondeley in asking/the Council to make Rocksavage-road, only asked them to do their duty and what ought to have been done before. If the Common were left as it was it would be useless for the purpose intended, and the scheme had received the approval of everybody wishful for the physical welfare of tbe people. He advocated that seats should b 3 provided. Mr Posnett said the provision of seats was included in the £l,OOO. If Mr Biebrown was sanguine of the rates coeliac* down its Runcorn, he was mikin a great mis- take. 'ln any town where improvemen.:s were being wade rates were not decreasing' but iecreasiag. In the present advanced state of trade and thoughts of pleasure it was ridiculous to think the rates could be reduoed. If there was an expression that the Council would do their best not to increase the expenditure beyond £2,200 he would heartily support the committee's proposals. If a movement could he started to complete the ornamental part of the park by the subscriptions of ptivate indivivals he should be glad to help.

Wiswall said the -committee; were endeavouring to carry out the scieme at the least possible expose, and for that purpose a sub-nrilmittee had been appointed to watch the expenditure. Three or four years ago he bright forth the idea mentioned by Mr. Bistrown that morning of using the field adjoining the Cemetery aq a play ground, but the Burial Board then objected that such a thing would detract from the decorum and solemnity of funerals. Mr. Wiswall strongly advocated the present schem9 not only for the benefit of the industrial portion of the people but for the residentsl portion, and declared that the great bulk of the rate- pap ?.rs were in favour of the scheme. Mr. J Pritchard also supported the committee.

Mr. Wilson drew atten;,i'on to the annual charge tbe perk and recreation grould would entail for mainten- ance and ssid ratepayers at the other end of the town gruaibiod that they could no get their wrongs re dressed.

Mr. Stlke!d endnrird Mr. PosnAtt's remuks.

For the arnmdment there only voted Messrs. Bin- brown, Wilsan and Grice Rnd It _was declared lost.

Mr. 'Miami then mnv.d a further amendment that a um mot exceeding £450 be spent upon seweting the Commen. Mr. Risbrown s.conded.

In the di cission wh;c‘a ensued, Mr. Pritchard pointed out that after this £450 the Ccmcnon would practically be in its prenent state. Mr. Posnett said it would be like buying a cart and having no horse. Mr. Taylor sated be would rather have votel for the first amendrnerr than this.

Mr. Grice : I would rather vote for spandin the £lOOO than this.

For this amendment th.re voted Mp,ssrs. Kirkham, Wilson, and Bisbrown and it was declared lost.

Mr. Taylor. in reply to Mr. Posnett, said he wruli not t4ke the responsibility of saying the expenditure would rest at the pres,nt amount. EIA felt sure after the public spirit shown by be rateptyers in them itter that a sum of talney ceuld be raked voluntarily which would be sufficient to mak the ground suitable for all purposes and he shau,d be glad to head a subscription list, to advocate and, if need he, go round begging.

Mr. Wilgon : I shall do nor.hing of tiis sort.

The minutes were then pw and cirriei. Memo Grice Viriliino and Bi.brown voting asiainst. There was some laughter which causNi Mr. Wilson to exclaim : "We have the courage of our couviccions and ought not to be sneered at."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH COMMITTEE.

Thi; committee recommended that alterationg he made in one of the wooden erect,4ns at the hospital at as estimated cost of £lO to enable the new ambulance to be kept under cover. These minutes were adopted on the motion of Mr. T. Dean.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS AND CEMETERY COMMITTEE.

Pawnbrokers' licenses were grant-d to the following persons :—William Craddock, 22 and 24, Church-street ; Samuel D)di, 55, Princrss-streeP; ; Henry Dodd, 50, Eeorron-scre,t, and lieen.pa to deal in game were granted to Etiza Hrimelow, N. 25, Bridge-street, and to Mary. Jane Britland, No. 90, Surres,-street on the recommenda- tion of the Markets and Cemetery Comiwtt=e. Mr. E. Gattey proposed the adoption of the Cemetery minuteo, and ther were unanimously agreed to.

LIBRARY COMMITTEE. This c)mmittes recommended that the sum of £2 5+ he paid to Mrs J. D. Jones for 11. Y PerViCA4 49 aslistant librarian for a perioi ending 30th June, 1900. Mr. Bi4brown proposed the adoption of these minutes, and said he could not help giving egpression to the aNmpathy he felt for their librarian Mr J. D. Jones in his serious illness. There was not a member pr-sent he was sure who did not cherish the hone that Mr. Jones would soon be restored to health. Mr. Jones was on. fortunately, taken ill in Liverpool and was unable to come home, The r-c )mtnendation the committee made was for the payment of the railway fares to Mrs. Jones for the time die had attended the Library. The minutes were agreed to. THE TRANSPORTER BRIDGE.

The Chairman t.aid it would be a tource of sitisfaction to them tome the Brilge B 11 for connecting Widnes and Runcorn had passed the third reading of the House of Lords and was only waitinu the Royal assent.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INDI&N FAMINE FUND.

Mr Handley also announced that that morning he had received a letter from Balton enclosine a donation of 10a towards the Indian Famine Fund, which had been raised at a celehrati-n in honour of floating the British flag over Pretoria. The Indian Famine Fund continued the Chairman,had not made the progress it ought to have done indeed, the PAtriotic Fund seemed to overshadow it, but, still, he believed there was now over £2O in the

bank to the credit of the local fund. The Rev C. W. L. Christien (superintendent of the Wesleyan circuit) had intimated that they were making collections in the Wesleyan Chapel of the Runcorn Circuit, but as they had a special organisation in tneir mi;sionsfor distribut- ing the money to those in need in India, the money collected would be sent to that source and not to the local fund.

HEROIC RESCUE AT RUNCORN.

' Mr.T. Dean drew attention to the heroic rescue of a boy from drowning in the Ship Canal (particulars of which will be fouad in another column) and suggested that the Chairman should bring seen an act under the notice of the humane society. The Chairman said he would have great pleasure in doing so. He also stated that a few weeks ago he saw a rescue from drowning in the Bridgewater Canal by Mr. Edward Aston—a most heroic act—and at the time he personally thanked him. It would be a good thing if Mop could get filiCtl deeds -recognised by the Humane Society.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The usual fortnightly meeting of the above Council was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday, Mr. J. Knowles presided, and there were also present:—Admiral Jones-Parry, blebus. 8 Woodward, J Mclntyre, T Dar- lington, .IStokes, T Wright, C E binaker. T Lewis, E Clarke, G Pilling, C Roylance, J Mounfietd, J Bolsnaw, E Bradford, W EHlton, d Miwdsley. •

===== 0002601_19000706_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TFIELWALL NUISANCE.-MORE COITPLAINTS

Mr. R. A. Naylor, et Camden Hall, Tueiwall, wrote under date June 27th to Mr Ainton . "Dr. Adams came here yesterday, and is atraid the Government will not send down an expert. The smell WAS had about two hours before he came, but I think it was quite bad enough to convince him our complaint was justified. Last night I went across the fields and the smell could be traced quite a mile away. Ac half a mile it was oppressive. lam hoping to get an expert down on my own account, and although be will net have the power to examine the Tannery he will give an unpreju- diced report on the ditch and the nuisance in general. I suppose you are aware that I have one house unfit for human habitation through this, and neither my coach- man's and gardener's houses are tit to live in, but I have nowhere else to put them. This house in some parts is so penezratel by the smell as to cause the occupaut; of certain rooms to feel halt suffocated. I cannot qaite see how your Council can escape censure, if we CIAVO any more oeaths through this nuisance, which I beg to say is a disgrace to civilization. Your chairman and Mr. Bradford may think it right to sneer at a c miplairvz of a responsible citizen, and may continue to ret use me the opportunity of meeting them, but they cannot hinder me in some other way, giving such conduct the castigation it so richly deserves." Writing again under date June 30h, Mr. Naylor said: "On my return home to-night I raid the smell exces- sively bad. In fact the air is permeated with a nauseous gas which produces . a ncltly feelinz. Y s'.erday . a quantity of this putrid liquid was cartel away, and I understand the s:euch therefrom was dreadful."

Dr. Adams, tasked to report upon the matter, said as far as be could say no action had been taken. Be had suggested that a small committe3 should he appointed to go into it, but that idea had not been tali !re up, In acc3rdance with the (xpression of the Coattail, however, that he should consult an expert be had written to Dr. Power, the medical inspector to the Local Government Board,but he had replied to the effect,that he was unable to help him in the matter. Nur did he think it likely that the Local G evernrnent B card would coosent that one of their staff should associate himself with him (Dr. Adam 4) in the matter, it being one which might later on c4rna under the official conisanco of the B )ard. Oa receip: of that reply he (the doctor) c emmunic sted with the Clerk, and on Friday they both went over tn the place. There he felt sure Mr. Ashton saw qaite enough to give him the opinion that the matter should be investigated. 11-:, subsequently applied to Dr. Ballard who they would remember aSsi3COl him when they were considering the question of the blood and bone works at Clifton. But Dr. Ballard had repliei that he was an inspector under the &kill Acts, and that the present matter was outside his jurisdiction. Thus it was they were exactly in the since position as they coerce last fortnight, and be again asked that tie suggestion of the small committee shouid be considered.

Mr. Wooiward was of opinion that the assi3tance of the County At.thuritio3 should be obtained. Mr. Llnaker : la the meantime Mr Naylor i 3 being poisoned and done to death." (Laughter.) Dr. Adams thought that Mr. Woodward idea was a very gold one. Ho then produesd some samples of the effluent.

Mr. Lihak3r (indicating th 3 133tt1e3) Thst 133kilike good old ruin ! (Laughter.) Dr. Adam : That Ls the seditneat.

Mr. L'naker : Well shake it up it will be better. (Increased leughter.) Whilst upon his feet Mr. Linaker would like the Doctor's report upoa the matter to be read.

Dr. Adams then again submitted his report of a f on- night ago. -

-Mr. L.ioaker observed that the report belpgd him bat little. Mr. Naylor made the serious allegation that the "nuisance" was detrimental to health. Were they to gather from the Medical Officer's report, in so many words, that it was det:imental to health.

Dr. Adlms said he would not say that in so many words. There had been much sickness around the neigh- bourhood ; it was also undoutt,dtv true that the condi- tion of affairs regarding sanitation was not what it should be, but still it was difficult to trees the ill-health to the particular r ffiaent. Analysis had been taken, but the results were unproductive. Still he thought his report was ample for the Council to deal with the matter, Mr Woodward added that Dr. Adams could not satisfy himself on the question whether it was detrimental to tbe, public health ? If it was a nuisance injurious to publis health, it was undoubtedly a nuisance which should be abated. They were not justified in taking the steps necessary to remove it unless they were sa.tisfi,d upon that polar. He sw.:gested that it be referred to the County Authorities. He would move that the Clerk be instructed to apply to tho County Authorities for assistance for the Doctor to determine , whether the nuisance complained of was injurious to health. Then if it was, steps could be taken for its removal in a fortnight. To this Mr Woodward subse- quently ad led that the following small committee be appointed to !met Mr. Long and Mr Naylor :—Adrnirat' Jones-Parry, George Pilling, J M-mnfield, T Da,rlington, J Knowles, the Clerk, Dr. Adams, and the Cotn.ty Authorities, or any deputation they might send. Mr. Wright seconded this proposition, which was- agr, ed to.

_A CDMPLAINT FaCISi HATTON.

Mr. R. J. Wynne Jones, of Hatton, Warrington, wrote under date 30th Juue to the Clerk: " I Fhall ba much obligtd if you will call the immediate attention of your cour cil or of your Sanitary Inspector to :he cmdition of the pond in the front of my house. The ilattoo brook runs through it,and I am of opinion that sewage instt.r is brought into the pond from above, involving a serioUS danzer to health."

Thb Clark stated the letter had been recct;ved too late to forward to the Inspector.

A STEAM Rom,Ea FOR MR DISTRICT.

Mr. T Wright moved that a. ten ton sts-am' -roller and the necessary scceseorie3 be purchased from Messrs. Aveling and Porter, cf Rochester, at a cost of £561, the sum to to paid on receipt. The company. were p qiectly willing to smi a man to explain everything recarding its working &c. Mr. Wright al3o explained that the expense could be met without an extra rate, as the cost of the roller scarcely worked out to D:tis of a penny in tiv £.

Mr. r Lewis smonded arid tile reeDluticu was agreed to.

THE CONSTRUCTION OF FOOTPATHS AMENDMENT. Mr. T. Da:lin2ton, in ace )rdance wi-h no:lce of motion moveci that af:er the word "adopted " in the resolution of the Council pissel on the 25:h April, 1899, relative to the anCifiCationS for street making under the Priva e Streets Works Act. 1892, the f Mowing words be added :—" Provided that the Couch 1 my by resolution after the notice t th, iotention to coneider the qustion. has been given, sane ima the us, of such other material as they may deem suitable for the construction of foot- paths.'

===== 0002601_19000706_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Pilling ae?onded and thp tnntion Wl9 a;reeri tu.

FATAL FALL OF ROOF AT A ST HELENS COLLIERY. At the It tilway Hotel, Thatto Heath, St, Helens, on Monday morning, Mr. S. Brigheuse, county coroner, held the i-quest on Edward Itnighton. aged thirty- s'ven. of 37, Ctrnarvon-street, St. Helens, a colliery day wageman. Mr. H. H. Hall, H.M. Inspector of Mines; Mr. T Glover, miners' agent; and Mr. James Robinson. certificated manager of the Sutton Heath and Lea Green Collieries, were present. JarrlPS !lepton, fireman of the Sutton Heath Colliery, said that the deceased and Aaron Hall wire on Thursday aftern on, sent into the N.) 26 shunt to widen the road by the removal of som packs. Previous to the men going to the work, he carefully e examined the roof ot the place, and sho wel the deceased how the work had to be done. About two hours after the men started, a large stone fell out of the roof on to the deceased, and almost buried him. The stone had beeen supported by the pack. There was some timber in the place, and the men might have pet props under, but he did not Hi them to do sa, as the roof was of strong rock.—ln answer to Mr. Hall witness said there was a fracture in the roof extending the whole distance that the man had gone with his work— about e:ght feet. He could not say that the man saw the fracture —Mr. Hall said he thought he must have.— The Corner saiJ it was not clear that the man had seen the fracture in the rock, which made the place dan- getoug.—Aaron Hall, who was working with the deceased, slink() to helping to get the de:eased out. He died shortl7 after the accident. Witness was working a yard or two from the deceased, and they were meeting with their work. fie had put up one prop, bee iuss of the break in the roof.—Mr. Hail sail How hton would expass the fracture in the rock immediately he starred working, and he evidently did not put up a prop b.- cans, he had great faith in the strength of the roof.— Tr.e jury returned a verdict of" Accidental deatla."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.-

===== 0002601_19000706_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
—Pos°l—

1 .1

===== 0002601_19000706_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
25,Xt .

t- . , , , ,m,• . ::„ ..r1;;.,

741 :4;v , Ati.4

74V: - ••,-4

===== 0002601_19000706_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
, •

tet k.:' • k: '-1,

I=;4cile.aoAMo4l.,dosisr

RESULT OF

SPRING CLEANING COMP ETITION

We have received such a number of really good parodies on Kipling's celebrated verses that we should like v-ry much to give the prize to several dozens of them. As that, how- ever, is impossible. we h tve had to make a choice and have decided upon which we think is really the most appropriate. We publish this one. and also a selection of the others, not adjudging them the best of those which tk.ve been rent in but as a representative selection. We desire to thank all those who have taken the trouble to send us contributions towards this competition. 1?3 was AWARDED to EDWARD H. DAVIS, Harborne, for the following verses :-13001:b ADVICE to ROUSH WIVES.

When you're started with Spring Cleaning—and you want to do it clean (And you know you cannot do it with your mouth)— Will you kindly buy a bottle of our Furnitewrer Cream, Which is used in East and West and North and South. It's a powerful kind of compound, and it's very good to rn And you and Jane can take it as you find it. When its used in active service, cleaning stains from " sticks,'' You will find it wont leave many marks behind it. Boots shop, Boots shop, shop of a hundred things An enterprising Company, it's all the rage to-day Everything sold for the lowest cash (as you can al see for yourselves). Then step in ladies, take your choice, and pay I pay pay! There are wives who do it secret—asking no permission to— For their husbands wouldn't give it if they did; But suppose you use oar " polish"—it will make things look

.. . like new— And you need not stop the work " cos" there's a kid. You could do your cleaning casual—without worry—when

he's gone, For if the beggar's absent never mind him. You might use our " Ammonia," which would take away the smell Of tobacco—which he always leaves behind him. Boots shop, Boots shop, etc.

You can manage so as later, when you look him in the face, You can tell him what he'll think is only fair, How that while he earned the wages you had tidied up the place And had polished up his special old arm chair He's an absent-minded beggtr, and he may forget it all. But you do not want his kiddies to remind him That you locked them In the coal house while you gleaned his house and hall, Aiad were bright'aing up the home he'd left behind him. Boots shop, Boots shop. etc.

When you've started on your cleaning, when you're scour- ing all your rooms. Use "Ammonia, Cloudy Cleansing." made by Wills, 'YOU can buy it /or a shilling, and you 11 find its pleasant fumes All the dirL and noxious germs quite quickly kills, Boots' an advertising beggar, but his stores are very great, And I and you must take him as we find him, He'd sooner have your cash than put it en a slate, And he's leaving all the other shops behind him. Cooks Boots, dukes Boots. Boots of a hundred kings, Boots of a market public tn.he'll fit them all.we say; With Varnish, or Cream. and Paint, and thousands or other things, Ask for them all for your cleaning's sake and pay, pay, pay. There are girls who make no secret,'cos they'veino occasion to. Boots Cream to polish furniture is good. That Gold Paint as made by Morgan is the finest thing that you Can gild upon old ormolu or wood. There are girls you talk to casual, will assure you that they lova To polish up their brasses, and their tins. With Paste thtt's sold at Boots, so much better, and above All others, covering multitudes of sins.

Cooks' sins, dukes' sins, sins of a belted aarl, Fifty thousand soldiers' sins, gone from them astray, Buttons and buckles land gun, will shine our khs.ki girl, Buy it quick for your polishing's sake, to-day, day, day. "There are families by thousands using Bootees Oaken Stain To furbish up flare spots Around their II )ors, It saves them yards or carpet, for it will wash again When varished well to close the open pores. You can polish up the chairs with the Cream they sell Boots— ' You need not go to A.frica to find him. He has so many branches, from scores of 'good old roots, He is mostly st the front, nor looks behind him I

Dukes' Cream. cooks' Stain, Palish for metals, Gold Paint, These are the things you will ask for going to Boots to-day, With Ammonia, Cloudy Cleansing, to save you from a faint, lake your cash in your pocket and pay. pay,pay. Nom de plume •JMOB WILSON, Nottingham.

If your slavey goes and leaves you when spring cleaning's coming on, And you cannot get ano•her maid thtt snit]. I will tell ,7ou how to manage with little extra tail, Just walk off to the nearest shop of BOUTS. They are civil and obliging, you will very quickly and, Their goods are cheap and fresh and up to date. And you'll buy for say one shilling what moat firms would sell for three, As they trade for cash and do not keep a slate. Pure Drugs, Gold Paint. Furniture Cream and Pills. Stuff for saying elbow grease. powders and various roots, Stains and Polish of every kind. things that will cure all ills. So Cease to fret, but put on your shoes and just try 800

If you think your cha!rs rtad tables get a little worse for wear, And the sideboard is not what it used to seem, Don't bresk your cups and saucers and say you wish you're dead. For 4d. only need be spent on Cream. With a rag apply it gently. any child can 11)4 it on, It's as easy if you want to stain the floor. Spend another 44d. on a pot of Varnish S:ain, Then your home will look just as it did of yore. Soft Soap, Brunswick Black, Paste for a hundred tins, Oils and Paints of every kind, Cloudy Ammonia, too. Each of them certain todo its work, just as you're told it will. So keep home clean for your credit's sake and you'll not rue. When you've finished in the bedroom, and the parlour an. the hall. Although yoe're well repaid dol't think you're done," There's the p .ts and pans and kettles want a little ,cle.n- ing out, So again to BOOTS you'll have to run; Get a tin of Metal Polish, jest one penny does the trick, No stains or scratches you will ever trace. Then you'll sing about your housework and be glad y are ally*, And in everything you'll see a smiling face. Cash Chemists, Good Chemists, things at the lowest rate, Everything, superior for a price th t always suits, 50,000 housewives sing praise of one accord, And never deal with another firm but Boors, BOOTEE BOOTS. F. JOHNSON,, Victoria-rd., Penketh, near Warrington.

When the Springtime surreptitiously steals on us unawares With a sudden light of pale and sickly sun, Then the prudent British matron takes to polishing the stairs, And there's lots of other house-work to be done. So in order that the mansion may be thoroughly made bright, Boars VARNISH STAINS and other things are bought. And the hubby's consolation is in thoughts of speedy flight. For he doesn't maderstand things as he ought. Rub, scrnb, scrub, ain't it awful work. So the hubby thinketh, though he really doesn't know One little bit about it when he fancies terrors lurk, And the best thing he can do is to go, go, go. Oh, the saving In the gloat bills with the coming of the Spring, When the black bacteria wobble in their flight. And the income tax collectors and the birds begin to sing, And the dirty smoky ceilings turn to white. If you view it as you ought to it's A most congenial time, With UNRIVALLED METAL PoLISH to the fore. In burnishing door handles and removing all the grime From the metals while the women scrub the floor. Rub, rub, scrub. se rub, making things look like new FUIter,TURE CREAM and BRUNSWICK BLACK are ,11 articles tnat pay. Buy all you want at Boots, you'll keep that welL in view:' And do your work when hubby's out of the way, way, way. When the work is nearly over there's a transformation scene, And you don't regret you've tickled it in t.ime. As you realize the fact that now your house Is nice and clean, To have lett it dirty would have been a crime. Oh I the glory of the carpets which now look as good as new, Oh I the brightness of the fenders and the chairs. surprising to the hubby as he takes a startled view. And the wife enjoys his wonder as he Aires. What, what! what, what I done the whole lot in a day? (Heaven seems to open to the guilty man who scoots) Wonderful! how did you do it? Tell me your secret pray, " I did it all with things I bought from Boots, Boots, Boots."

c. p. JONRS, Solicitor, 6, St. Andrews•atreet, Cambridge.

BOOTS.e VARNISH STAINS a brilliant poll2h in O. Walnut, Mahogany, ac. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 6cl. size for 40. 2/0 „ 1/0 per bot.

ASII E NTS ER.‘i. Large size and gcod quality. 63. F oRICITURE CREAM gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahozanv and Yreneh-polished Yuruiture with ball the usual libour. tivarsuteed 540 t to show finger marks. 64. bottle tor 44. Is. bottle for 7d.

MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT as used by Cabinet Makers. Gliders and Decorators. Has the original brigtitness of Gold, easy of applica- tion, and unrivslled in appearance. Boots re•sueed price— Is. bottle tor V;d• BOOTS VASH CLIENIISTS, THE LARGEST, BEST. AND CHEAPE6T. 35, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, viAttINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

SINGULAR CASE AT WARRINGTON.

At the B irough Police Court, on Monday morning, before Mr. Monks (in the chair) and other magistrates, a serious charge was preferred against Ralph Plant, jun. (who did not appear), of Pit Green-lane, Wolstanton, Staffordshire, namely, that of having on the 6th April "unlawfully and knowingly by a certain false pretence, fraudulently induced William Breward to accept a certain valuable security, to wit, a bill of exchange, for the payment of the sum of £2ll."—Mr. Browne said that a week ago he applied for an adjournment of the case at the request of the defendant wita the idea that be would endeavour to settle the matter, this not being a felony but a misdemeanour. He convnted,and be had an offer from tho defendaut in writing, but it was so ridiculous that he (Mr. Browne) bad made no reply to it. On Saturday morning a better offer Was received, but it was also refused, and he told defendant that the case must proceed. This was a very bad case. Mr. Breward was an earthenware dealer, eharying on business in Buttermarket-street. He had recently started business, and evidently the defendant must have known that because he telegraphed to him to ask if he wanted certain things. The reply sent was that if they were cheap the complainant was prepared to buy, and Mr. Plant came over, saw the cemplainent and told him that he had to buy out a partner on the following Saturday and had to find £350, and that if he would buy the crates at Longport station he would take off five per cent. discount, with two bills, one is a month and another in four months. His client asked most particularly if the goods were at Lengport station and he repeatedly relined that they were, and further that they would be consigned to Mr. Brea rd's order as soon as def-ndant got tuck. Thereupon Mr. Plant pro- duced certain invoices and showed him the goods. , Mr. Breward went through them, and as they were what be wanted he bought them, giving two bills of exchange, one for £24 and the other for £3O, one being due in a month ann the other in four months; Finding the com- plainant was a man not used to business the defendant telegraphed to him that--The Chairman : Has he met the bills 9—Mr. B-owne : They are not due yet, but we shall be compelled to meet them. Continuing, Mr Browne said tte defendant informed the complainant that he had more ,toff, but, being susWcioue, Breward got a witness to hear all that was said, which was to the effect that there were more crates lying at the station and that he would take bills—one ror four months and the other for five .months. The total bills amounted to £lll. If the gouds had turned up the matter would have been perfectly satisfactory. The first lot was right, but the second differed entirely, and the third was a ridiculous lot. The complainant wrote to Plant that the crates were not proper owe, and that he must send the right 00, not thinking there was any- thing wrong. He got no reply and went to Longport, when Plant said he had been ill, that the packer had made a mistake, and that he would send in due core. fie wanted to supply other goods but his client, suspect log that something was wrong, went to the station but could not rind a single crate there. Mr. Breward weuld uct have parted with the money if he had not believed the crates were at the station awaiting his order. That was the false pretence coupled with the fact that there was no partner to pay out. The defendant had since become a bankrupt.—Evidence having been given by Mr Breward, Police-Sergeant Williams, of Wolst anton, said he served the defendant with the summons and his reply was that he strou'd not have been surprised to have received a warrant. He added "It was only an ordinary business treesac ion. I cannot 'ielp it. The business has failed. I am not the only one that is in it." —The Chairman: You want a warrant against the defendant 9—Mr. Browne: Yes, but I am afraid he has gone away now.—The warrant was granted.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INGENIOUS BEGGING IMPOSTER.

A man named John Walsh was charged at the War rington Police Court on Monday with being an idle and disorderly person and going st,-out as a col'ector and gatherer of alins.—The Chief Constable in asking for a remand for eight days aid that at 830 on Saturday night Superintendent Monaghan was in the Market Place and noticed the prisoner exhibiting the following notice on the front of his chest Kind friends, I am a cotton operative throws out of employment through a mill fire that occurred at Oldham a short time since. I am a widower with four little children." The Superintendent had suepicions and t)id an offic •r to caution him. He again saw the min at 10-30 in Horeemarket-street. Be had his left band tighly bandaged with volumin ms cloths. The Superintendent spoke to the man, and the prisoner no kdowing to whom he was talking, said he was suffering from blood poisoning. He bad a rusty pin run into his hand and could not work; He wanted a few elvers to pay frr lodgings for himself and chi'd,en. The Superinteudent intended to give him a night's lodgings, so he Amought him te the Policl Station. The sum of 7s. 111. was found inebis trousers pockets. Further search revealed the fact that the leott-tm of h s left hand trousers pocket was cut away so that the trousers were really one vast p -c'et down the leg.A euth of 12s 2d was found jest over his boots. The Superintendent removed the handkerchief from the hand and found that the sore place did not exist and the hand was 89 sound as his own. He gave the name of Walsh and said he resided at a house in West-street, Oldham. The Oldham police were telephoned te and they said that the house named had been unoccupied for some considerable time. Priso:,er then said he lodged at the Medlock's Lodging House. Oldham' and his lour children were there but this was found to be tratrue. This morning he admitted that the whole story was a myth. Hehad one child who was lodging with a "lady friend "at Pendle- ton and here the prisoner had resided for 18 months.— He was remanded in order that inquiries might be made.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BaIIT&L ASS&IILT ON A WIFE

The magistrates at the Boroush Police Court on Tuesday had a shocking case of aasault on a wife before them. James L awrenson appeared on a charge of committing an aggravated assau t on his wife Catharine in the back lard of number 12. Froghall-lane at nine o'clock the previous night.—The facts of the case as stat. d by the Chkf Constable were that the com- plainant was married to th 3 prisoner three years ago at Prescot. Some three months after they had been married, owing to the man's conduct', complainant left him and had been maintaining herself by domestic rervice. For the past six months she had teen in the service of Mr. Woodward, wife of Mr. Joseph Woodward, builder of 12,Froghall-lane. At nine o'clock on Monday night prisoner came and knocked at the back door and the complainant no.t knowing who it was opened the door. Prisoner asked her to go for a walk and she refused and then he Lsked her for money. She said she had none to give him and be then knocked her down, struck her on the heal several times, making her face bleed, and whilst she was on the ground he kicked her until she b-cams unconAcious. Prisoner was subsequently taken into custozly bill; before he left off illusing the woman he said "I will kill you before I have finished"—Evider.ce was given by the complainant, Mrs. Wcodward, Mi9B Lily Woo iward and P.C. Stuart and prisoner was sent to gaol for tour months with hard labour. A separation order with 10.1. per week for maintenance was granted. FliElt TO RHEUMATIC AND PARALYTIC SIIFFERBRS, an Illustrated Book on the complete born Cure cf these Diseases. preface by P. W. Cole. who- regards the author as the highest authority. den 4 stamp for book to the VENO INSTITUTE, 1R Devonshire-street, Man- chester.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JULY 6, 1900,

A MOTHER'S BAD DCAAIPLE.

At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday Wini- fred Saikm., Dial-street, was charged with receiving a purse corttnieg 20. and a button hook, the property of Jane Lowe, knowing them to have bee_: stolen on the 21st Aprit.—Simerinfendent Nl.ritghan said that at nine o'clock on the 21st April Mrs Lowe was in the market and she put her hand in her pocket for her purse, which was there a short time previously, and found that it had gone. Numernns robberies had taken place in the mar- ket. On June 4th the prisoner was arrested for drunken- ness and in her posses:ion several purses were found. From something he heard the prisoner's little girl was arrested for picking pockets, and from a statement made by her it transpired that she (the girl) stole the purses from the pockets of women and gave them to the prisoner, who, after taking the money, &c., out, burnt them. Some purses were found in the fireplace at the prisoner's house. The girl had been sent to a school and he asked for a remand until the following day in order to bring liar to the-court to give evidence.—The appli cation was granted.—On being brought t.p on Thursday prisoner was further charged with receiving a purse Con- taining 24 6d the property of Annie Wel:s, knowing it to hay- been stolen on the 2nd June.—The daugtter gave evidence and prisoner was sent to gaol for six months.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY—Before Messrs. Tilr,hall (in the chair), Hayward

and R: T. FairelOugh.

'PERFECT PESTS."— Joseph Boyd and BliaB Hurst, Percival's-fold, were charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Scotland-road at 4.45 on Friday afternoon.— This was Hurst's Bth appearance. He was a station loiterer. Boyd was a wastrel, an I had a very bad record. Both were perfect pe-ts and would not work.—They were each fined 108. and costs. " WALKING DAY A. FIGHTING DAY."—Kate Ann Jones. Grime's-yard, Bank-street, wis charod with committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Bank-street at 5.3) on Friday afternoon, and Annie Johnson also of Grime's yard. V 4 as charged with havidg been drunk and disorderly at the same time and placa.—The Chief Constable remarked that such peop eas the prisoners made Walking Day a fighting day. It was a pity to see so many, young people going about the streets drunk. It was Jones's 20th appearance and Jor- dan's third.—Jones was bound over to keep the peace for six months, and ordered to pay the costs, and Jordan was fined 5, and costs.

MoNDLY.—Betire Messrs. F. Mon' a (in the chair), T. Birchen and L. Wright. WIFE AF3kULT _For assaulting his wife Eliza on the 7th of April. Thomas Moore was fined ICs I KtcK ED WITH A WOODEN LE."—Jabez Hunter, 31. Howard-street. was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Howard-street at 11.10 on Saturday nightand with assault- ing P,C. (2)) Cooper.—The officer said the prisoner was drunk and acting in a disorderly manner surrounded by a large crowd. He said ''it would take six coppers to lock nim up" He and P.C. Dyson took the man into eustedy and he became very violent. He struck witness a blow in the faee and kicker:t him twice in the stomach with his wooden leg. He had to be taken to Market Gate in a 'bus.—P.U. Dyson corroborated and a fine of cls was imposed. A DEsERTER.—F ederick Bennett was charged with being a deserter from the 3rd Battalion North Staffordshire Regi- ment stationed at Aitc.ar since the 7th June.—A sergeant stated that prisoner surrendered himself at the Barracks.— He was remand rd to await an escort. THROWING SToNES.—Four boys. Dennis Hayes, Michael Haves, John Seed and Thomas Seel of Date-etreet, were summoned for throwing stones an Liverpocr-road on June Nth. They pleaded guilty. 1* ti. Woods said that at about eight o'clock on Sunday June 24th. he was in Liverpool-road when he received several complaints from cyclists that these boys were throwing dirty sods of grass at passing cyclists. He saw the boys. but they ran away and made fun of him. He caught them la. er. Defendants were each fined 2s 61.— Peter Kenny, 2, Stamford-street, was timed 5s for a simitar offence. OTHER OFFENCF-S.—Harry Buck and Herbert Houghton were summoned to- committing a breach of the peace by fighting on June 17th, aad on the evidence of P.C. John Cooper were bound ever to keep the peace for six months and orchred to pay the costs. —For having been drunk and dis- orderly in Faetory-lane on June 23rd, Thomas Hanainsoa, 31, Garibaldi-street; was fined be. TUESDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair) and Mr

, DRUNI(ENNE93 —Blizabeth Heath was fined 105 and costs for having been drunk and disorderly in Gaske'l's•yard on Monday afternoon. an Markaret Oakes, Dia.-street. John Oakes Dial-street and Thomas Burton. a tramp, were each fined 5s and costs for a similar offence. AN AUMY D Kamm:R.—John Burns was charg .d with being a deserter from the 4th King's Llverposl Re4irnent stationed at Orford Barracks since April, and was remanded to await the arrival of an escort,

WEDxEsDir.—Before Aliernan gutton (in the ch‘lr),

Messrs. Geddes and Birchall

Sus-mug:a Ooxnuer —Thomas Duffer and James Green were charged with being on the enclosed premises of Povey and Duckworth, Buttermarket-street with intent to commit a felony at 9.20 M. previous night. —Superintendent Monaghan bri, fly stated the facts of the case and prisoners were remanded for a week in order that inquiries as to their previous character might be made

Warrington County Petty Sessions. __-- WEDNESDIY —Before Mr. G Comber (in the chair), and Mr. J. Ball. BESELCa OE T CktteL BuaTS ACT —George Cheeth canal boat master, was summoned for a contravantion of Mao Cantu Boats Act on June 18th at Sankey. —lllr, F. Kerfoot sanitary inspector to the Rural District Council. saiihe visited Use canal boat Lily at Sankey Bridges on June 18th. and found that two married couples were occupying the , cabin. That was c mtrary to the regulations.—A fine of Sc was imposed. DRtTaK . ON Lie T.NSED PREMISE 3.— Robert Hurst. a bourer, was summoned for htvia4 been arunk on the acensed premises of the Chspel Inn. Sankey, on June 23rd, and refusing to quit when r• quested by a police-sergeant. P.S. Simpson said the man Was chunk in the inn. He re- quested him to leave several times, but he refused fie had been called to the man previously by the landlord.— Defendant was fined Si. A DESERTER a r Haydock,was charge i with being a deserter trom the 3rd South Lancashire Wa'ker said he arrested the prisoner at his house in Bia•Abrook-road. Haydock. He found his uniform In various parts of the house. Prisoner velnnteered for service in the early part of the year and his wife WAS receiv- ing 15s a week relief from the war funds.—Prisoner said he had only been absent a fortnight, and did not know that he was a deserter.—He was remanded to await an escort. THE HIGHWAY REGULATIONS,—James Daxon, Croft, was ned 5s and costs for o.ing drunk in cn ince of a horse and art at Croft. on June 19th. and a similar amount for driving t night without hsving a lighted lamp attached to his vehicle —Alfred Miliwo.,d was final 2s 61 for riding without reins at Winwick on June 28th. FSNED FOR DRUNAENNESS.—Thomas Dutton. Penketh Elizabeth Layton. Burtonwood ; and John Haslam, Burton- wood.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIATION. DEFEAT OF THE CHAMPION TEAM.

WARRINGTON SOUTH V. HOLLINVFOOD.—SIme excite- ment was witnessed:at Timperley on Saturday during the progress of this contest in the round prior to the semi• final tor the county championship. Warrington South, last year's winners. made an equal number of personal wins as their opponents, flollin wood, up to half time,but visaed one point to bring about a tie. 'ft e next return proved favourable to them, but a couple of serious losses followed,which left them a lull score of shots to recover. Later results only served to reduce the majority against them. Details :

WARRINGTON. lIOLLINW )OD. J Worsi.y. jun l9 Yt Preston ... ............. .... 21. P Berry . . 2l It Summersosles if Borg B Shaw

J aleave 2l T Beswick l5 J. Won) ley Hackett P Wells

J Fairbrother CiSwanton 2l J Taylcr 9 J Davies l9 J Ogden 2l B Littlewood l9 J Whittaker .

217 Majoeity 12 for Hollinwood.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BANK, LIMITED. Important Developments.

The directors of Parr's Bank, Limited, announce that they have made a provisional arrangement with the divn tors of the Ashton, Sralybridge,Hyde, and Glossop Bark Limited, for the acqui-ition of che 6usine4s of that balik, as from June 30. b, 1900. The terma of this arrangement are : —(1) The issue to the shareholders of the Ashton. Stalyb:itige, Hyde. and Glossop Bank, Limited, of 1 250 shares in Parr's Bank, Limited, thereby increasing he nominal caniral of Par.' Bank, Limited, by £125,000 of which £25,000 is to be paid up; (2) the distribution to the shareholders of the Ashton, Staly bridge. Hyde, and Giosanp Bank. Limited, of the sum of £6,250 in c ash from the surplus assets of their bank ; (3) the payment on November Ist from the al.it-W.s. source to h holaerq of the above-named 1,250 shares in Parr's Bank, Limited, of a sum ratably t quivalent to the quarterly dividend which shall b., payable to the shareholders of Parr's Bank, Limited, on that date. Toe directors also p,oposs to take this opportunity of makng a further addition of £342,500 to the nominal capital of Parr's Bank, Limited, by toe issue ratably to the shareholders who shall be on the repister on July 18th neat. of 3,425 shares at the price of £7O per share, viz.. £2O per share in !esoect ot capital, and £5O per share in respect of premium, payable or. such date or dates as the directors may determine, and the amount of the premium paid nn such shares to be appropriated in sueh manner as the company may direct. Thea,e 3,425 shares shall participate in the distribution of profits from and after December 31st next. Tne allotment of these shares at a price so considerably under their market value will be equivalent to a tubstantial bonus upon each share held on July 18th.

TOMOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3bildren while teethlug, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer imrnediAtcly It is plea4ant to taste ; and produces natural "let weep, oy relieving the child from pain and the itti . cherub awakes •• as b-ight as a buttoa."ol all Chemists Is lid per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S TRIP DAY. Messrs. Richmond's Employes at Douglas.

The employes of Messrs. Richmond and Co., Limited, together with their wives and friends had a long day of pleasure last Saturday on the occasion of the annual excursion. That most popular of resorts—Douglas—was the place visited, and the outing proved to be one of the most successful ever experienced in the history of the firm. Admirable arrangements had been made and the event passed off without the slightest hitch. At the early hour of five o'clock the platform at the Central Station was thronged by upwards of a thousand trippers bent on making the most of the opportunity ot enjoying themselves to the full. Three special trains conveyed them to Liverpool which was reached at 5.30. When the excursionists arrived a a peaceful calm was hovering over the City, soon to be broken by the hum and bustle of business. The firm had engaged toe services of the Borough Band and the members marched from the station to the Prince's Land. tog Stage playing lively airs. The splendid steamship ef the Ile of Man Steam Packet Company, "The Prince' of Wales" was here in waiting. The boat is one of the fastest paddle steamers afloat travelling at the rate of twenty-three miles an hour. The trippers quickly boarded her, and as the boat left the Landing Stage and I I headed her bows for Douglas the band struck up "Soldiers of the Queen." Up to now the weather con- ditions had not been very, promising and soon a drizzling 'rain commenced but fortunately did HOC last long. After crossing the Bar a stiff breeze sprang up and the sea lb( came rather" choppy." The spray dashed over the side of the boat and many of those passengers who were travelling in the bow of the vessel were drenched. In a very short space of time many of the trippers, were hors de combat. The journey was accomplished in about four hours and alter the somewhat rough passage I no one was sorry when the rugged coast line of Mona's Isle, backed by ii:bly wooded slopes, came into view. When the pleasure seekers arrived at Douglas the climatic conditions ha I urdergone a completi :change for the better. The sun shone brightly and the blue sky was almost cloudtess. The majority of the trippers dispersed to spend the day as they pleased whilst the directors and a number of invited guests repaired to the Villiers Hotel where char-a-basics were in waiting to con- vey.them across the island to Part Erin. The country is now wearing its most charming aspect and the drive was a delightful experience. The route taken lay through splendid scenery and the drive occupied about three hours. It was two o'clock when the party arrived at Port Erin and they at once proceeded to the Belle Vue Hotel where a capital dinner was served. Tne long drive had whetted the appetites of the visitors and needless to say they did ample justice to the savoury viands pro- vided. At the conclusion of the meal several short 1 speeches were made. Mr. HirCHMOND presided, and among others present were :—Mrs. Richmond and Mr. Frank Richmond, I Messrs. J. A. Ransome (general manager at Warrington) H. P. Hughes. (cashier), J. F. Davy (works manager at I Warrington),Councillors Smethurst and Plumpton (War- rington), Ccuecillor Andrews (Langley Green), Mr and M s. T. Birtles, Mr. Bickford, Mr. T. Lcngdin, Mr. 'Loft and others. After dinner Mr. RICHMOND announced that be had received three telegrams. Mr. Harold Ranaome wired: " With you in thought, and hope all will have an enjoyable day and continued success." Miss Lillie Richmond telegraphed. " Wish you all a j )lly day," and the Stratford works sent the fillowing message: "Stratford hopes you will , have a glorious day and much enjoyment. —THORNTON." Mr. Richmond Said he was sure they were all much ' obliged for the sympathetic messages, and they hoped to return the compliment to Stratford when their outing took place on the following week.; Mr. RICHMOND submitted the toast of the Queen, and it having been duly honoured, Mr. J A RANSOMS proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Ricneaoad and Master Frank Richmond for their presence. Tney were, be said. always very pleased to see them. That was the first annual excursion he (Mr. Ranaome) had attended, and he bad enjoyed him- self very much, as he believed thay all had. He had pleasure in thanking Mr. and Mrs. Richmond and family for their presence as trial gathering. (Applause.) The proposition was carried with enthusiasm- Mr. RICHMOND, in acknowledging the compliment, said they were very pleased to be present and meet the members of the staff in that way. His own convictioa was—and, it was founded upon ROM experience—that when one could mix with his staff on terms of freedom and without that restraint which ousiness naturally imp ised upon them, there was a cordial feeling at once manifested which had very marked effects upon the pro- gress of the business. (Hear, hear). The cordial ieang whith existed between them and him was the reason, he believed, of the marked success and progress of the firm. They all knew he was very pleased to have their corn- ' pally. They were once more in the proud position of being able to say, as they said every year, that an increase had berm made on the previous year's business. (Hear, hoar) Last year although they had a big increase he had to say that Stratford had a still bigger increase, but this year Warrington had pulled its socks up— (laughter)—and had established a record. 'The business to the and of May showed an increase of 58i per ceat. over 1899. (Applause). Although the business was now iof such magnitude ttiere were very few complaints, and he could oaly exeress his great appreciatioe of the enthusiasm and earnestness with which the members of the staff worked together. With such conditions nothing was impossible ; acid he looked forward to them achiev- inh still better results in the future. (Applause). Mr. RICHMOND then proposed the toast of the office and works staffs and the travel'ers. Messrs. RANSOMS, HUGHES, Davy and MILLS briefly responded. The toast of" The Visitors" was drunk. Councillor SmersußsT, in responding, said they had had a very pleasant gathering. He was glad to hear that the Warrington works were doing so well. Nothing succeeded like success. Whilst on the journey to Port Erin he noticsd such words as " Rushtorth," "Rich- mood," " Success " and" Lancashire" on the brakes and hotels. Be would put them together and give t.ern a motto from them to read: " Rush forth Richmonds to success and Lancashire." (Laughter and applause.) Councillor ANDREWS also responded and the interesting proceedings terminated. Rain now commenced to fall s) that the drive tack to Douglas was abandoned and the party went by train. After spending about two hours in Douglas the return journey was commenced, Liverpool being reached after an agreeable voyage at a quarter to eleven. At midnight the trippers left the Central Station and arrived in War- rington at 12.30 feeling tired but nevertheless agreed that this year's excursion was about the most enjoyable that has yet been held.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. R. A Naylor's Employees at Aberystwyth. - -

Aberystwyth was the place ,elected for the annual outing of the emplcyea of Mr. R. A. Naylor, timber mer- chant, Howley. The qi,cial train, which contained be- tween 300 and 400 emplord;, wives, sweethearts and friends, was timed to leave Bank Quay Station at five o'clock on Saturday morning, and a few minutes after that hour it started on its journey. A. saloon had been provided for the heads of the various departments. Mr L Henshall, the works manager, had made admirable arrangements to ensure the pleasure and comfort of the triprers, light refreshments being distributed at one or two stooping places en route for all in the train. Rain fell during the early part of the journey, but long before the train reachei its destination the sun made its appear- ance, and not a cloud was to be seen. The route taken was throueh Crewe, Whitchurch, Welsbampton, Oswestry, Welsbpo 1, Glandovey, and Borth, and the train steamed into the station at Aberystwyth at 10 30, or exactly an hour after the advertised time. Although the journey was a long one it was by no means tedious owing to the charming scenery on both sides of the railway. On arrival at Aberystwyth,the excursionists dispersed to spend the day as pleased them best. Toe heads of the departments end a few friends, altogether to the num- ber of about 40, repaired for breakfast to the Belle Vue Hotel. A capital breakfast had been prepared. Before Mr. GEORGE JAMES (yard foraman) proposed a vote 44 thanks to the firm for their kindness and hospitality en that occasion, coupled with the name of Mr. Henshall, who, he explained, had woiked in a very energetic manner to get up the trip and had the whole of the arrangements in his hands. In submitting that pro- position he was sure he was voicing not only the opinion of the employees present but of those who were atr•ent. It was a disappointment to them to find that. Mr. R. A. Naylor was not with them. (Hear. hear.)

Mr. PEARCE (foreman of the j)iners) seconded. He thoroughly endorsed all that Mr. James had said with re,iard to Mr. Naylor for the treat he had provided for them, and he had no doubt a similar privilege would be allowed them another year. (Hear, bear,and applause.) Mr. Hensball, too, was worthy of their be-t thanks, and if he had not worked so hard the trip would not have been so successful. He trusted all would spend a very happy day, and return home benefited in lrialth and the hotter prepared to do their duty to their worthy em- ployers. (Applause.) The motion was heartily agreed to. Mr. SHAICESHAFr nplied on behalf of Mr. R. A. Naylor. He regretted Mr. Naylor' s absence, as nitre was no doubt he would if he bad been with them, have taken an active part in the programme of the day as he had dorie on previcus occasions. Unfortunately for them he had a prior engagement.but there was a probability that he would put in an appearance at a later hour of the day. He knew he would be voicing the wish not only of Mr. Robert Naylor but of Mr. John Naylor and Mlse Naylor when he said how pleased they would have been could they have been present. (Hear,bear,and applause.) That was the first time the employe; had visited that picturesque part oi the world. They were all pleased with the journey and their beautilul surroundings, and

he hoped they would return greatly benefited by the change and thus be the better able to fellow their employment. (Applause.) Mr. HENSHALL also respinided. Mr. W. DAINTITH prop9sed success to the firm." _ _ _

Mr. THOMAS HARPING seconded, ana said he thought they ought to succeed because they had deserved to do so, owing to the fac-, that they had an amiable master at tke brad of affairs with two such excellent gentlemen as Messrs. Shakeshaft and Henshall, who possessed not ooly wisdom but tact, and these were essential qualities in the success of any firm. He seconded the motion with pleaiure, because he knew they had all at heart the success of the works. (Applause.) The yisitprs separated after giving hearty cheers for Mr H A and Misa Naylor, and Mr. John Naylor.

During the day visit i were paid to the various objec!s of interest in the town and district. There was a good tide, and one or two of the visitors enjoyed the luxury of a bathe, Tillie others either made use of the railway or ascended on foot Constitution Hill,frorn which a most cxtenaive and charming view is obtained of the sur- rounding country. The niggers on the beach provided much amusement, while in the sftnnoon from three to five Mr. Gilbert Rogers' minstrels gave an excellent en- tertainment in the Royal Pier Pavilion. Rain fell heavily during part of the afternoon, and most of the visitors from Warrington and elsewhere found the entertainment an agreeable way of spending a couple of hours. The caves and the town were also inspuc'ed. At seven o'clock all returned to the station, and at 7 15 the train was on its way bark to Warrintztori which was safely reached shortly before twelve o'clock..

===== 0002601_19000706_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Messrs. Armitage and Rigby, Limited.

The employ-63 of M.S3rS. Armitage and Rigby.Limited, to the number of upwarls of 1,200 pers-nas, had their annual trip on S iturday.They jr urneyed to Blackpool in two trains, provided by the Cheshire Lines Committee. The weather was all that could be desired, and the various paces of amusement were well patronized and much enjoyed. Toe splendid sea and beautiful beach were a constant source of delight. Over 100 week-end extension tick 1-. s were taken, thus affording a well- deserved reit and change to the toilers of the :nil]. The railway journey hot going and returning Wag made in good time, and the arrangements hr entertaining were far better than anything previously experienced and reflect great crelit upon the railway authorities.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Sankey Wire Mills.

The employees of ths Wire Mills visited Blackpool. About 900 tor)k advantage of ,ccompanying the excur- sion, which in every respect was most successful. The weather was all that could be desired, and the various places of amusement such as the Tower, Alhambra, Big Wheel, and the piers, supplied a variety of pleasure for the visitors. The return journey was commenced shortly after eight. Warring,on was reachei at 11 10. S ttisfac- tory arrangements were made by the following cotn- m'ttee .—Messrs. J J Foien ; P Wilding, sm. ; R Little- wood, T Dickinson and R Sidle (secretary.)

Monks, Hall and Co., Limited. (Tube and Bedstead Departments )

The employes at this works had a trip to Scarboro'. The excursionists, numbering 300, left the Central S ation at 5.40 am.by a special train. The route taken was by Stockport, Godley, Barnsley, Doncaster, and SAb7. Unfortunately the train was much delayed on the journey and but for the magnificent s';encry, would have marred the day's outing considerably. However. th-re was a fresh and invigorating breeze from the hills, and the outlook being so pleasant th company were contented. York was reached about 10 a.m., and refreshments were very much in demand. From the carriages one had a good view of York Minster, and noticed the beautiful surrouodinas of the anc;ent city. Between York and Scarboro' there is not much of interest, although the country is very pretty. ScArboro' was reached shortly before noon. It was a relief then to leave the carriages, and the change of atmosphere 1).1 obviowly had a good effect already upon the ap2eti!e3 of the exeuriionists, as the hotels and restaur- ants were the first olaus which attract2cl the visitors. Afterwards the party dispersed in search of enjoyment and the numerals places of interest provided :dl the pleaaurn that could be desired. The visit was thoroughly enjoyed. The return journey was commenced at. 8,40 p.m., Warrington being reacned about 145 on Sunday morning. The arrangements were carried out by an ex cellent commictee. The workmen are indebted to the firm for their generous sulmcliption towards the day's outing. •

===== 0002601_19000706_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSSAGE'S ANNUAL TRIP.

The workpeople emplr.ye I by the well-known firm of Messrs William Gos3age and Sons, Limited had their annual excursion last Saturday. Windermere, that beautiful resort situate in the charming Lake District, was tt e rendezvous selected, and the outing was looke forward to by all with pleasurable anticipation. With their cuAtomary munificence MEsirs Gos3age had allowed the bonus of 13 61 Cr, the men and is to the boys em- ployed by them, and there is no doubt that this would prove very useful in ass'sting the expenses. The em- ploye;,numbering atout I,Boo,departed from:the Widnes London and North-Western Railway Company's station by three special trains at 6 a.m., 6.15. and 6.40. At that time the elemonts did not present a very favourable appearance,and grave doubts were created as to whether the" trippers" would be favoured with that fine weather which is such an important factor to real enjoyment. After Wigan h3d been left behind the atmospheric con- ..

ditions vre greatly imoroved, and beyond an occa- sional gloom nothing further occurred during the day to ' damp the spirits of the excursionists. Windermere was reached be all first train at about nine o'clock, the secend at 9-30, whilst the last only arrived at about 11-25. Upon alighting, the peoWe diseersod in all direetione. The majority strolled down to the lake and watched the pleasure boats or took a trip on one of the small steamers to Ambleside. a place of great beauty some dig ince along the lake. These who availed them- selves of the latter were fully recompensed. The scene from the lake is one of the finest one might cver wish to see. The valleye are densely wooded, with hero and there a gentleman's residence or the more humble or quaint abode of the cottager. The hage mountains or fells, which towered in tne background, looked inex- pressibly grand, veiled as they were intermittently in a slight mist. Another method of enjoyment was to cross the lake by the steam ferry and scale the fells which are on the other side. Considemble pleasure could be derived from this, as an excellent view was obtainable of the lake for several miles. In the after- noon a yacht race took place, and great interest was manifested in the course which the " white winged " craft adopted. The business eatnblishmenta in the town were liberally patroniz ad by the visitore, who were anxious to take home some necaneete of an ir outing. As six o'clock approached they wended their way to the railway station,and by 6 40 the trains with their frieght of tired people were on their return journey. The first train arrived back at about nine o'clock. the second half-an-heur later, aod the third about 9.35. Every- thing passed off most suecesstully, and a very delightful day was spent. Toe general arrangements, which were parried out by Mr. Povah in a most efficient and praise- worthy manner, were perfect. Mr. McConnell, the stationmaster, accompanied the excursion, and ably superintended the railway arrangements.

_—•_—• New Stationmaster for Warrington. _

Mr. H Aspinall, the night stationmajer at Pres- ton, has been appointed the stationmaster on the London and North Western Railway system at Warrinvton in succession to Mr. Brookshaw, who has retired.

Local Works Under the Hammar.

At the Lion Hotel, on Wednesday evmniug, Messrs Thomas Sutton and Sons offered for sale by auction the works in Thvne-street, lately in the occupation of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Company, Limited, gas apparatus manufacturers, &c. The premises cover an area of 5,075 square yards and can be adapted for engineering works, cycle works, brass foundry, cabinet works. builders' works or for belting manufactory. No satisfactory effer was made and the works were withdrawn.—Messrs Davies atid Forshaw were the solicitors.—On the same evening Mr. William Hickman offered for sale by auction at the Blue Ball Inn, Horsemarket-st., the Longford-street iron and steel works. There was a fair attendance. Bidding started at £350 and reached £410; but as the reserve price of £450 was not reached, the lot was withdrawn.—Mr Arthur J Willett, of Lyme-street, was the solicitor for the sale.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WZ

===== 0002601_19000706_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

SUDDEN DEATH OF A CRIMEAN VETERAN.—About 5.30 on Stturday morning, an army pensioner. named Samuel B:ackshaw Hewitt, aged 72, who resided with 1115 nephew and niece, at 1, Leonard-street, Stockton Heath - was found dead on his bedroom floor. He had been Connected With the 77th Regiment and had been through the Crimean War (in whiqh he was slightly wounded) and the Indian Mutiny. He had been in a feeble norl- dition for some time past, being thorough!,, worn out. He had a serious illness in October, and suffered from a weak teart. He had lately been troutikd with a cough —The icquest was held at the Mu berry Tree Inn, ort oefore Mr. E. A. White, deputy coroner, when a verdict of " Death from natural causes " was returned

===== 0002601_19000706_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Parish Council.

A meetinz of the Stock:on Heath Parish Council svag hld in the National Schoolroom on Tuesday evening. Mere were present :—.Messrs. Mason (in the chair). Clarke, Whitley, Pemberton, Fairhur6t, sod Bra,dshasr (clerk). THE PROPOSED mom' RAILWAY T 3 RUNCORN. The Clerk reported that he had commucocated with the Commissioners and the agents to the promoteo taking objection to the proposed light railway to Run* corn.

In answer to a question as to whether he had writtea to the County and District Councillors, the Clerk said 138 had not done so.

The Chairman I think we should go through jtlsl: the same course of action as before. Mr. Cark9. : The residents in Etlesmerc-road aro veil strongly opposed to the scheme.

It s decided that the Clf7rk. should communicate with the County and District Councillors rtqu2sting them to take notice of their ajections and try to Or port them.

Mr. Whitley said the bulk of the inhabitants lf tbe parish were under a misapprthension with respect to tbe actons therarish Council and Parochial Committee becl taken regarding the light railway. They seemed to be of opinion that they mere oppmsed tooth and nail to aei electric railway scheme that might 6e brought into tbe parish The Council, however, did not object to e 3 electric tramway for passengers alone. The Chairman : That is the position we have taken up all along.

-Mr. Whitley : I believe there is a very strong feeling ' against us for that reason. LPROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE CORPORATION TaantwaYS' Mr. Clarke in introducing the subject of the NxtensioAa of the Warrington framways into btockton Heath, he wished co remind the Council, they would no cloiit'. be aware, that the terminus of the proposed trarnvrog was ninety yards on the north or Warrington side of tu" Twenty Steps Swing Bridge over the Ship Canal. Re; cently the proposed light railway aimed at connectior' with the Warrington system at this point and the PO; meters used it as an argument in support of their et and against the opposition of Stockton Heath. Tie: Council did not and never had objected to a tram a ay ,a: such under proper conditions but they did object,and hoped they always should, against a railway, whethers it was a light or heavy one,with all its attendant dallg,ehre and annoyances, going over their public highways. 4 wants of Stockton Heath would be well aud amply met; the Warrington Tramway were extended into the villagq He could not understand why the Corporation did tit in the first inetance include that scheme in their proposal and Bill. No doubt they might have some explEicatil to give but he had not teen able to understand it; efbie did not see that there should be any difficulty flirs-elf proposal ; he did not think anything could prawn" where that could not be overcome. The question as to %et. the trams should be run to was a matter for further discussion. The proposed terms should also be left snr calm and serious consideration later on. on no accoohid however, ought they to entertain any proposal thap• 0 not contain conditions for the widening of the roaoilr the proper width, cbeap fares, frequent and regu.',‘"e runnings and also that no luggage or anythioa. in nature or luggage traffic or light railway !-)e allovier; They had always objected to the proposed railwaY,,led theft streets but they welcomed a properly arraeN tramway service. As Mr. Whitley pointed out there bS been some delusion among the inhabitants of Stockw.o Heath but he (Mr. Clarke) did not think that afro so among the great hu:k of them. Tbeof was a misunderstanding with some of thear that tt.ot had been opposing a tramway but be wished to Otihe out that a tramway had never been proposed village. (Hear, hear.) The only thing that fiak.'• if proposed was a railway to carry heavy tralloore'r required and a railway that if it was going to pal: the making of it must carry a great amount of 118',1,r traffic. That he thought they unanimously and strop* 'A objected to. He moved That it is desirable thO; representation be made to the Warrington Corperat4i,c(it with the view of getting their tramway system stii9J—rn to satisfactory terms and conditions, euxteinded‘,7l Stockton Heath and that a committee of the Coils",. together with any representative ratepayer or rsiof ' payers be appointed to wait upon the Town Clerll Warrington and confer with him on the subject." Mr. Pemberton seconded. He thought they ouguy.,,o thrash the sutject out.at once so that the Corporatild would know what they were going to ask for. It °it/ill be a very good thing if they would extend the tranatta, not only to Stockton Heath but also along Grappeobw's road and over the Bridge at Latchford so as to balioa circular route. Perhaps the reason why the Corporwo had not extended the tramways was because Stockto Heath was beyond the boundary and they might ito to get more extensive powers to go outside their owc, district. The Local Government Board might not them to spend their capital on other districts. to Mr. Whitley supported and slid that with regpml- the tramways being 90 yards from the boundary he 'fedi been given to understand that the Corporation intenu,,r to apply for rowers to extend the tramways to otbv, parts of the Borough and this would be included la tb application.

The resolution was passed and Messrs. Mason, Ciar-gt, Pemberton awl the Clerk together with Mr. H J We brook were appointed the committee.

Death of an Old Warringtonian. We announce with regret, the death of Elizabeth Dunn, which took place at the resideou, of one of her sons, Mr W J Dunn, 36, Sankey-streev; early on Saturday morning. The deceased lady sq,lld the relict of the late Mr. Frederick Dunn, who many years was a well-known tradesman, carrYP; on business as a boot and shoe maker, some time e`y. Bridge-street, and afterwards at 6, Sankey-stile Mrs Dunn had also been in business for a conaie'ri able time at. 52, Sankey-street, until, some Yetibe ago, through advancing age, she relinquished Ito business to her late daugh.er Mrs. Abe Walsh. , deceased, who had survived her late husbaeu;cl years, was born in 1814, and had therefore attai°o4 the age of 86. She was well known in the tovve.s;s3 esteemed by a large circle of friends, who will 03.'0 her familiar presence from amongst them. Defile the last few months her strength was seen to de failing rapidly, but her mental faculties retained in a marked degree. Until a few ";II before her death she took a lively interest passing events, and was delighted to converse op the topics of the day. Her end came sonleviatlY quddenly. She was taken seriously ill in the e7O hours of last Thursday morning, and lingered fa. sinking condition until 5.30 on Saturday re,,re,1106 Dr. Joseph was her medical attendant. 1." 0 Mrs. Dunn was one of the oldest members °'„tl9 Bold-street Wesleyan Church, and, until rece;o9. was most regular in her attendance at the servl'oos Her death will be deeply regretted by her sii‘ sher and three daughters,whom she leaves to meoroo loss. The funeral took place at the Warrio%be Cemetery on Tuesday, and was conducted bY Rev. T Bishop. The coffin bore the inseriptilit "Elizabeth Dunn, died June 30th, 1900, aged A Amongst those present were Messrs.W J Da,„oli'vfor Dunn,and Sam Dunn T G Dunn (sons) ; Mr Dunn, Masters Arthur M Dunn, Fred Duna, 04,'orise Walsh, Bertie Isaac, Willie Isaac, and Caleb %sac (grandsons) ; Messrs. Abe Walsh and William 60014 (sons-in-law) ;Mr J W Hayward, and Mr R goraj of Disbury College. Amongst those who see% ,'",5 M wreaths were r C F Dunn, Mr and N:icard. Dunn, of Northampton ; Mr and Mrs J W Miss Thompson and others. 7‘f 0305 LATEST DESIGNS and colourings in Prints. of and Zephers, for summer, also a choice assortraefl oei Sunshades just reaeived.---W. T. WILLIAMS, 74. 53 street and 1, Leh-street. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
bai tiro

-. • ... v .. -..,:.- ---....„,„...___ .- -..............-.. f.--....„!...., _ .......„,-.4--..---- ...-...,,,,•04..4=,-ki_.: --4-,---.T.,4,44..... 6..,-..„.. ..=,:ti; "...-: _ IT: 4.,..i.....-. :,,....—:"*„,-.,izer-v"-- ...0"...rim.„.....- 7------,7,,,,,,E. . ''' ' _ .7. -,_ --* - 4-.- . el,'•••• ...., , • - .. _ ...• ---.- - '- . - . ------- ...--.' - '--7---"'-'":. "1--•":' ...."".:-..r - -' -----"'".... -. -- ' -- ---.- - -e'-''';',.*. ftki. - -- - - '''' •- • -- '-1 - . - ,•-• • ''.4.2.-. ,-- • - • -4,- - , . ,4...k.'" -•-• • -. ‘..",.-f .4.- -,--::-7-,.•::;,.,.- :•-•4ht: 4.),. _.. .„..., , ... • ••••• . ...s _., _ . !` . ~..,....._ dar , - : !'"aia.t. ..,,,,,:„.., ...... • ....- • - ''',454 . . • 3

RAILWAY TIME TABLE

JULY. FROM WARRINGTON

Aeton Iridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 23. 10 20, 12 10, 1 23, 255 5 20, 5 35,6 24, 7 20. Survlava 10.15 am.

3ar Rod Hillhonse-7 15 8 31, 1 19. '3 22. al 0 a 5 6, a 6 0 a 7 9, a 9 25. Suninys 936 2 5, 8 55. a Stops if regimen. _

„ Birmingham (L& N.-W.) a 2 53. b 3 23-, 710, 4,45 11 57 1 25. 2 5,5 20,6 22,7 20 1.1 34. Sundays 2 58. 10 15,4 5. 11 35 allondays excepted. b londays• only Birmingham (3lidland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 3 14, 50 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529.545. 8 35, 956, 11 53, 2 10, 4 53, 623. 8 50. Sundays 843. 6 0. Blackpool-5 29, 8 35. 9 56. 11 53. 2 10, 3 50, 4 50, 6 28, 7,17, 8 50,9 aO. Sundays 8 43. 3 356 0. Bolton— 8 25, 9 19, 10 40. 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43, 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m..5 15. 838 p.m. Carlisle-5 29, 5 45. 9 5611 50. 12 25, 210. 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 335,9 64. Chester-7 37, 8 17. 95, 10 23. 11 31. 12 30 1 40. 2 15, 2.23 3 16, 422,5 7.6 4,7 44, 10 14,11 35 Sundays 8,44 10 36 7,45 1,3 • Collins Green-7 5. 85, 9 25. 10 10,12 7,2 35,3 43, 5 15, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25. 1030. Sundays 8 43. 60. Crewe—a2 58, 53 23, no. 8 28, 9 45, 11 57, 1 25, 2 5, 5 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15 4 5.11 35.aMondays excepted. Odondaye only. Daresbury-7 37, 95. 1225, 2 23. 3 15, 57. 64, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44. a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 53, 11 55, .12 55, 3 14, 4 7 50. 6 65,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Earlestol‘n-5 45, 75. 85.8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 13,10 20, 10 55 11 55,12 7.12 25 1 15, 2 35.3 40 3 50, 5 15,F, 213. 37,7 Q. 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 03 57,9 04 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh —7 30. 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 55 320 515,6 17. 80. 9 48. Sundays 8 48. 2 40, 30. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 12 25. 20.3 15. 4 22. 57. 6 4 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 15. 7 57. 8 31.9 5. 10 512 0 15. 2 10, 4C 529 75. BC. 5940. dlO 25. 11 39 Sunlays 9. 955, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only. baturdays excepted. _

Glasgoiv-5 29:9 57 11 50,12 25.2 10.4 50 9 55 Sundays 9 54 Golbonie-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 1055, 12 25. 1 15, 3 50. 5 20 7 17 9 65. Sundays 8 43. 60.

ifo-ng"-h-Vre'en-Ll7-1.2: -757. 81. 95, a 9 3U, 120, 15, 25. 40. 529 6 0.7 5, 80. b 9 40,925 alo 25. Sunds.v 90,9 36 11 25,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only 3Saturdays excepted Irlam and Cadisheld (Central)-7 0,7 8 Sundays 8 45. 10 14. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18 935.------------

ii Wag 30ing• :hair)* 'shay!'

-I,;;;:hford—.From .Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80. 8 35, 9 0 958, LO 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 18, a 7 45 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10a. 532. 75. 85, 8 35 9 25,10 55,12 7,12 25,2,35 3 405 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 510, 530, 8 35,8 43, 3 28. 5 10, 60, 954. From High Level Platform. aHondays excepted.

Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30. 825, 109 11 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 15,6 17,8 0, 9 13. Sundays 8 48. 2 40.. 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 8 31, 95. 1026. 120, 113,26. 2 10, 3 37. 4 0. 5 40, 7 5. 8 0. 9 11,9 45. 10 23 1120 11 39. Sundays 9 0, 9 55.11 22,2 39, 7 10,9 18 10 18,10 43 On week days trams run hourly to Ltverpoul at 50 minutes past tne hour. London kL.& N. W.)-2 58b, a 3 23. 7 10. 9 45, 10 20, 11 57, 20 5 20, 622, 1134. undays 2 53, 10 15, 45, 11 35, bMondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 57,12 65, 3 14, 50, 6 55, 11 52. Sundays 11 46 a.m., 515 p.m. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.? 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 1049,12 36. 1 14.2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18. 613. 78. a 7 45. 927 Sundays 8 50. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. tt N.-W.) 3 10. 5 15. 5 45. 7 5. 8 25. 8 35, 9 19, 10 4,10 55.12 14.12 25,1 15, 2 29, 2 35 3 32. 426 5 38, 643. 7 17, 8 8, 920. 103. Sundays 3 10, 5 15, 60, 7 57, From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)— 617 1.22. 7 57, 835 9 0, 9 58. 10 49, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38, 4 11,6 13. 78, 9 27, 11 40' Sundays 8 50. 3 8, 8 12

f the to tbe ee had to be abY to tbe to

Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 65, 92,9 55 10 55 1123,11 55, 1255, 155,2 55. 3 55. 4 55,5 55. 3 55,710 7 55, 813, 8 55, 955, Sundays 8 45. 9 37, 10 14 3 0, 3 15.5 15, 7 18,8 55 9 25 9 35, 10 0. Middlewien-7 40, 10 2D, 2 555, 5 355.7 20.58atnrdays only Moore-7 40.10 20,12 10, 1 25,2 55,5 35.7 20. Sundays 10 15

Newton-le-Willows- 3 10, 5 45,7 5 8 skB 35,a9 19, 10 20, lr 40 10 5512 25,1 15, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26. 45. 5 20. 6 43,7 17 9 20, 9 65. 10 30. Sundays 8 43 a m 3 35, 5 15, 6 0,7 57, 9 54a via Kenycn Padgate -7 0,7 55, 8 2, 8 40, 10 28,11 23.12 0 1220, 1 40,3 35 5 28, 7 10,8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 7 44. 5 15. 955 Preston-5 29. 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 210, 350 4 50, 628 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only.

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

rvals• }, saL• d doom 3vrals of the

LO-30 ~

Runcorn-7 36, 8 25, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55. 3 20. 5 15. 6 17, 8 0 Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15. 7 56% 96, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10, 2 58, 4 0, 5 29, 6 0. 7 5, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundayf 9 0. 11 22, 2 39, 855, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted b3aturdays only, cMo 'days only. (C.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-3 46 10 55 1 55, 3 14.5 0. 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15. St Helens-5 32, 75, 85, 8 35. R .3, 10 55. 11 55. 12 7, 1225. 2 35 3 40. 5 20, 633, 7 8,7 40. 925. 10 30 Sundays 8 35,8 43.6 0.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 33. 11 2. 119 3 22, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 33.3 5, 655, aSatur- days only. Thelwall-6 20. 7 22.8 0.8 35.9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36.1 14.2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18, 613. 78.c7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56. 9 5 1(, 5. 11 5. 120, 15, 2 10..2 58. 40, 5 29, 60,75, 80, 9 25. (Lb 40. blO 25. Sun - days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18. 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturday, only. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-) —7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, li. 53,1 55, 320, 5 15,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848. 2 40,8 0. Wigan— 529,5 45.7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55.11 50,12 25. 1 15. 2 10 3 4, 3 50.4 50.5 20. 628,7 17.8 53.9 43, 9 55 Sundays, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 54 .

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900

Extra 10. stamp

Weak Stornaah, rmpaired Digestions

Li,utsr St Fe 2110,e AHrnents. tvv,..3,14

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk. Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybriclge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Hetens, Southport, and S .ita Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield:Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

1 -10 ..

245 p.m.

RECEIVING HOUSE, ARE CLI RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown

Stil3-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green .Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek ""Wargrave

WILL Boxm— Crow Lane. Newton ! Newton Common.... , (Near the ita.cecourseif Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Leah Street, Lowton Ch,tpel Lowton Common " (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village ... Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6p time as letters.

10-35 a.in

2-29 p.m.

SIM-OFFICE% AND W •aLL BENS :ABED AS FOLLOWS: • WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. mid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 u .m. 6.41) a.m. and 6.30 P.m. *TAese _are 7elegrapt

Offices also 10 a.m., 2.and„.7 p m.

8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

leht to D"ratiott leobal.; raVO pratioo ocktri° ir tt 1306 090 all°V

S undx v

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Ni!. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

pee t° he htad tend'" (Aber in 613

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 Sc 7 p m• 6.43 p.m. 8.15 a.ua. and 5 45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. • 8.33 a in. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

from the Receiving Office at Earle-- ~m. ; from all Sub-Offices at the same

===== 0002601_19000706_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Acton 131idee —6 30. 7 40, 852, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20 8 30 sulOsv 7 55. 4 42. Alter and Hillhouse-11 26, 12 48, 7 18, 8 24 9 57 Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. Ilirmineham (L. & W.)-3 10 5507 20 9 10. 12 25, 2 0 335 5 50,7 25. Sundays 3 10. 12 40. 70.

. _ Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42. 850 11 48. 1252 45 5 45, 6 50, 510 30 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 bSscept. Mondays. Blackburn-8 30.10 48,12 30,1 55, 37, 4 42, 750 Sundy s 80, 2 2. 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 5, 10 40. 11 40 1 40. 3 15, 523 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35 5 12, Blackpool (Central) —7 25, 8 25.10 10,2 57, 4 58, 6 50,8 15 Sundays 7 10. 115. 4 57.841. Bolton-5 45, 645 7 55, 8 33, 9 10. 1025. 12 15, 2 15, 415 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Bundays 8 20 a.rn., 65, 9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only Carlisle--al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 1 50. 4 22, 5 55, 8 42,SundaYs 12 5 a.m.. 2 0. 8 41.aMon10--. excepte,i. Cheeter-7 25385, 457. 14,80.101115,un 2d s 1 050d.a1y19 2 32,4 0,6 35.6 55 8 40.1553.2100 3 10.5 15. 6 Collins Green-6 39, 79. 42. 10 24. 11 23. 12. 38 1 8 1 38.2 W. 3 10, 4,1, 5 38, 623. 6 38, 747, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 ica.m. 7 15 P'nl' crew,— 4 55, 60.6 30.8 13.9 20, 1115, 11 31. 2 25. 2 50 450 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55. 7 10, 245 4 10,9 21 Daresburv-8 16, 10 17, 11 27- 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays , 7 lam. 7 45 P.m• Derby--8 12. 915. 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0. 4 47. 758 5, 9 35, Sundays 3 35. 7 30.6 22. 6 55. 6 35. alixcept Mondays. Earle9town-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 20. 945 10 26, 11 26 p 42, 12 50.142. 4 13. 314. 515. 5 52. 6 30 7 33, 8 8 920 a 22 o.SundavB 8 33. 952.9 57,0 0. 3 45,7 21a SLtUutav only Fiddler's Ferry & Penketll-7 12, 95. 9 41, 12 3. 2 9. 327 54. 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 2.2 57. 82. Frodshan-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 11, 536,657,831 Sundays 6 56.a.rn. 7 20 p.m. Gariton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80,9 9. 9 50. 10 40 10 48, 12 0. 1256. 2 11, 3 2. 4 56. 57. 556, 657. 7 249 1 .230,92.41,425.5626%118 Sundays s 5 50, 9 5. aMon day evespfed. S uonitygso v,8_10a.9951.01.021040, biolborne--6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2. 41. 436 5 30. 7 15. 99. Sundays 9 40. 75. llough Green-7 45. 8 15. 99. 103. 1055. 1.9 130. 2,22 316, 5 10, 5 21, 6 7.7 11.7 38, 9 15. Sundays 8 23, 9 20, 3.23 4 55,9 4, 9 10. Mara fal Cadishead (Centrat)-7 359 53, 55, 53, 11 20 Sundays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0: Latchford-8 I'. 8 40. 9 29,10 2 11. 16, 1 23. al 45. 213 3 0, 4 22. 55 41. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 6, 9 42 11 27pSundays 823 2 33, 7 23. aSaturdays nly. Haturdays exceted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)—a2 55. 6 0.7 50, 80. 8 35.9 25, 11011 50.15. 1 30, 420. 650. 35.7 5,8 25,1 k 15b. Sunday 1 0 7 30. 9 20. 6 30,8 40 a Nionclays only. biaturdays only. Via Widnes (L. & N NV.)-6 25, 820, 95. 9 50, 123), 125 2 40.3 35 4 20. 5 23, 6 5,8 39, 10 45, Sundays 73, 210, 7 15 10.45,1 (Cheshire Lines)-5.23, 7 10. 7 40,8 2), 8 30,8 40 930 938 1030.10 45. 1123, 11 50, 12 30. 1 30 1 55. 2 30. 3140. a A 0,4 40 4 50 5 30,5 36,6 35,7 30.80 8 40.9 30,10 45 Sunuys 7 50, 9U, 2 30.2 50 4 20 5 30 630. 833. London (L & N W)—b 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 215 4 15, 5 30 12 0 Sundays 1; 0, 5 30, 12 0. London (Midland —5 15. 90, 10 5,12 10. 2 0 4 0, 5 0, 6 45, ' 915 I 2 0. Sundays-3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 7, 8 32, 9 20. 9 51, 11 8. 111. a 137, 25, 250 4 14, 55 5 5 9, 6 41. 7 41.8 58 9 33,11 19. Sundaya 8 15,2 25 715 aSaturdays only. bSaturdays exc,n,ed. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 33, 9 5.9 40 10 45, 11 15, 12 45, 1 5 1 35, 2 25. 3 45. 4 20. 5 15. 60. 75, 7 10. 8 0, 9 20.10 40, Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90,60, 10 40 Saturdays excepted. Manchester (Lonclon-roa.l)-7 25 7 51,9 25. 10 35, 12 351 5, C. 3 41. 55 5. 5 20. 65,75. 8 20855. 104 s Sundays 730 1 40, 630 biaturdays excepted. aiit-tr 14v. o'll v. MalleileStPr (rheshire Lines)-6 45. 720, 8 31, a 9 5, 931 935. 10 30, 1015.11 30,12 30,12 50 12 30.1 30, 330, 430. 4 49, 5 30, 6 30, 5 38. 730 8 33. 1/ 0. 11 0. Sunlaya 8 30.9 10, 9 30, h, 40. 1 C. 20. 5, 635 820, 9 40. a Saturd:ty nly. 141iddlewich-6 48. 2 47, 6 E. Moore-6 56,96. :1 9. 12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.Snr3ays.8 19,4 53 ' Newton-6 55.7 25. 8 42. 9 8.2 29. 10 9,10 22,11 8. 12 38,12 46, 1 5 1 58. 3, 2.3 7. 4 7,4 51, 510. 5 35 5 49.6 27.7 33. 8 0, 915 9 55. 11 4 all 47, Sundays 8 37,, 9 49,10 0, 340,7 20. 11 5, Eatnrclays only. Padgate 7 8, 7 48, 8 26. 90. 10 6 1 14. 25, 5 18 7 3, 910 11 32 Sundays 8 53. 1116. 2 32.9 12. 10 13. , Preston 2 9. 5 50. 90, 9 33 .11 15, 11 28, 120. 3,4 20. 5 38,6 40. E 30, 9 45. 10 45. Sundays. 2 9,8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47 a NI ondays except ed Runcorn 839. 919 1015, 12 30, 1 25. 32,440 5 41 6 23 810 9 53. Sankey-6 53. 706, 8 31' 9 37. 10 20. 11 24,12 38, 140 240, 343, 4 35, 521, 5 38, 622, 726, 8 6 9 32. Sundays, 837 10 8. 3 40, 57. 928. Sheffield-8 25. 11 5. 1 55. 55,7 0, 8 20. Sundays,B 10, 0 10. St Helens-6 20.6 55, 30. 8 23. 9 15.10 5, 10 55, 12 612 55 1 55. 2 55, 430, 5 25,6 10. 6 55. 7 25. 350 1039. Suuciays 7 50, 9 35,6 55. 9 5. onthnort —8 5, 15 10,11 11.12 25.2 10. 2 45, 3 55. 70, 8 5 9 5y 940 Sundays, 90, 20, 8 C. aSaturdays only. 11helwall— 8 10. 836, 930. 958, 1112. 115. 1 41, 2 92 55 4 IE, 5 37, 6 3 645, 7 45.9 2, 937. 11 23. Sundays. 8 19, 2 29 7 19. Widnes (Cheshire Line)-8 21. 9 25, 10 10, Ii 12, 12 25 7 25. 2 30 3 34, 4 25, 529, 612, 716 7 58. 9 22a 1140, aSun- , daT a 8 42 3, 33, 5 0. 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays only. I (I) & N W)— 7 5 8 56. 933. 19 33, 11 55, 12 57. 2 2 3 21. 3 58, 455. 5 55. 6 46, 96, 11 6, Sunlays, 8 14, 250 754, 112. ' Wigan— 2 39.6 33,8 15, 9 26. 9 86. 10 0,11 23, 12 15. 145 3 30 27 4 25,4 56, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5, 9 0,10 30, Sundays 2399 03 2 25 6 53, 11 13.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
f ru, * 4re 5tr....1 a Na %.ge

ENGLISH LEVER e

===== 0002601_19000706_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN AT;THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS. WAGONETTES, &c. FOR DIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. b ,PErnNr, N. 169 -uhANcR OFFICE ' 24, HORSE ‘IARKET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2AIL

===== 0002601_19000706_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

I To I Callers.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorksbire, Durham. Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, .iouthnort Prpseot, Wigan, Orms- t<irk Wii,•,. & London, Foreign. and the South Ccainties & South Wales._ P:eston, Nor, h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland cilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midli.nd, Northern, Bastern Counth r, & Lancashire Croft. Padgate, W Jalston, Stock ton Heath and Stretton Lon.lon & Foreign, South, and S - EAS, .1 0 Counties

7-0 a.m. 10-30 ~ 10-45 .. 141-30 .?- 11-45 )

12-0

12-15 p.' .

2-15 3-15

5-30 p.m.

WEEKLY REPORT OF Tn.', OF WARRINGTON.

By I Postmen, 7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

3-15 a.m.

6-5 a.m .

HE .k LTH

Week Ending Saturday, June 23,d 1930. Durin,z the week the folliwing births and deans were registered : _ .

Births. D.aths. Warrington Registration Diqtrict 55 3) The excess of births over de.i.ths, cva,s 2 5 The Birth ltat.-! wa4 equal t) 440 per 1,000

The (loath-rate from alt caoses vi-as equ tl to 24.0 per 1,000, against 17 6 the average of the previous lo,tr weeks, and against 29 3 the etrresponding period of last year. 'Fhe death- rate from the seven chief 7,cmotic diseases was equal to 3.2 per 1,000. against 0.8 th average rate of the previous four weeks, and against 8 9 the corresponding period of 1899. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-55 65 rip. Total. 9 3 2 2 11 3 30

TM deaths included-1 frlru diphtheria, 3 from diarrtnea, 7 from lung ditiN,s 6 frotn her disease, 2 from injuries, 11 from all other causes.

_ The fo lowing cis es of Intetioui Disease he been reported during the week r--'4rlet fever 5 cases, dir hth)ria , 1 rase, enteric fever 1 case. ITotal number of patients in hoTical week ending June 23rd, 15 METEOROLOGY—ThP mean temperst ire was 5.8 Fah. and theretore 3•6 idegrees low, than tne preceding week. The maximum temperature 70F., was rec-mded on the 19th inst. and the minimum temperature 46 F., on the 18-h inst.

. The Ramfall meisu red •57 inch. The general direc tion was N.W.

JOHN H. GOI%NALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ItENki UP 'l'H6 Pli.IN iEttS ! ELEPIIONg NO. 0489.

ALL ORDERS OR ENQUIRIE3 FOR PRINTING, BOOKBINDING, LITHOGRAPHY, &(-7

PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WEAK MAN

QIIOULD se:.,(l for a Descriptive Treatise on the 1/43 Modern and -4uccessful Treatmtut of Nervous Diseases and Physical %s Ca ness in Men, including Premature Ka- haustion and loss o' 't.ital Energy, with other allied affections by local absorption e • without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced researches in the subject, tog he with numerous recent testimonial- showing socceestul cures. Write at once and grasp this oppor tutiity ot being (flick ly restored to perfect health. Sent in a plain sealcd envelope, free of charge. E. NORTON, 59 & 3 CHANCERY ..LANE, ,LONDON, W.C.L. Es TABU (.4 ED) OVVER 6 Ygsti

===== 0002601_19000706_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
LUDGA

.7-"NrGT .7.*T-T ..._' ....... ..c....i.....i....5...h. A.,— Wil ril CHE S -ALIN AYS THE BEST. 0. ... ...JisAn Li! ;.x.. ices.

'ength, at raker's C

Wt. CHEAPEST. and STRONGEST. London made

_ THREE-QUARTER PLATE English LLver Watch. Thirteen Jewels, Chronometer Balance. Patent Large Barrel ,nd Damp and Dust Proof Ring Band, Massive Silver Cases with unbreakable Crystal Gla,s, double the Strength and Value of any other £5 6s. Watch. Made in Pour Sizes, at one Price. 5 65.:--/Co. 1, Gentlemen's as illustrated) ; No. 2 Working Men's ; No. 3, Railway Men and Miners': No. 4, Ladies'. In massi,velB-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's £l2 Ms. Lady's, ZIO 10s.

SENT FREE at our risk, to all parts of the World for • Cash or Post Office Order. BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES. PLATE, &c., &c. Post free on application old Cases.

('';‘.. ,-.-•;12 .sn v„:,' z?.. -,,,''' .• t-, 0 s..- - c ;4.i j L'&) KU,,,,, 6 i'dj Ca.,4? • - '6a iii '5-"' .* (vim___:..---- b d Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, and Strt in Silver Cases. In 18-ct. Gold Cases. ," ,-.,..:,..i,L • ~.----2-,: ,---,-3,- 44, . ' "..,4,,,,0 "% A ?:-• 4, ex... ./ \`, ~,':::•,- ' i: ',-` .r.....i. • \ 1/2,. --,. ‘ a 1 . _ A,,.....- t ,' 1.., • • , ' f .: \57 F6° ESBINT:SCIOISK:i . E.: eF. r Cl' :::: 414;:::-- . ' : i:: v:14: .11''..1: 1: '‘' 'SY- -el ' G o ,r • iiiir' I L L 0, ,z- -4,-f-.40,-f-.40 to, P-.---7,i , n,--;7—,,,t. ~, ••`.4.,,, ..1`,,,, 3 ' a Loa.. Z j , - 1 , • Z 7 '. \ •• ' •••,!, ~. . i BENSON'S . PCT FREE. : ' ' ' ' Y.- , -:::)'; , .. :4,1 ...,i 6. , 'l, • .';' , :' 7 . - •-•.,'',1 '

p_ itif:;( /i 7. ,-.' 1 e • ' P

ash Pri

===== 0002601_19000706_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S

KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER,

===== 0002601_19000706_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
"BANK"

A GOOD KNOCKABOUT WATCH for general wear. REST' £l_ LONDON MADE. Three-Quarter Plate ENGLISH LEVER Chronometer Balance, fully Jewelled"Keyless Action. Crystal Glass Cases, in Sterling Silver. £5. or in strong 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. Post free at our risk for Cash or P. 0.0. SELECTIONS OF WATCHES OR JEWELLERY SENT FREY ON RECEIPT OF REFERENCE. OLD MATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

CLOCKS for Churches, Schools, & l'ablic Buildings, from £5. Etg

W.,

BENSON, Led.,

STEAM FACTORY-

C 2 &, VOR-ATE 11:11 E.C. -4 Obt.ainable on "THE TIMES" system of LI t/ I:MONTHLY PAYMENTS of Zl. Order Forms Free.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOO* FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

VVITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more sirnpie for, Take some good

Compound such al. COCKli.dfS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

And we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be ud but

COCKLE'S PILLS,

nany thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. •

as tested by

===== 0002601_19000706_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
,s 'OC , 'lkcj t . - A I*l ' I 14. 1 1141 on • y

PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE. LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, 8.7:c

•

MANLY MEN

Why suffQr froin 'pains and misery 'mused by Nervousnets Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send fo my book, which shows 119 W every man, young and old osoi be thoroughly and quickly cured tsithout STWIACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY.

Specimens of letters received, and gear vnteed genet I cannot find words to express .Nws .nals,..th a am. I used to think I never would gas carol I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shot.ld have saved many po u nds —G.F.M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per .ectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. _ _

J. LBIGH. 92 and 93. Grv et. Russell Streot, L pndow, , Send et once and ..be cum!. 12 Years Continuous Sueses

* • * 4. 4$ • de• ,*40.4.4 ,k4k, 4,4c44444 4,4'44-444 >4'..e 4 .4'4,4*"*".** IV.V4> V.V.947.°4 *V We O'OV4 '44:7 • 4>

40....***)*****:****•k:e.:a0.94,e:5.0.'.4.'5•Q:+4:4>4:,+,...+0:444.••:••••••._ ••••••••••••••••• ;••_ :*****e.

FREE FOM NIERCURV.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. ENS STARCHED LINEN I. IKE NEW. E GREATEST A_ BOON ever of. fered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory finish to Starched Linen. Laces, etc. • & does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once ti led always auted. Used in Oar oyal Laundries, Should he used in. 7ery h Soli by most by Starch zetiers la Packets, 3d., and 6d. Prepared only T. CutToll"lr, BlacYbara.

m A ~,,. ~:,; P.., ''''Z' , ''' ‘ri''Y-- ' ' *"J'.,,,,<", i.• , tit tS i -...,'1'. • llt • ' t• • . el i ''. 1 , .4.,' ~1.•

===== 0002601_19000706_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
t___,r4 • 7-% 7-‘

. , , ~ •

:1

it,,,,„-::k........ „.......t+,... :,, ~_ __.... .

' 1 •

,

tetttrsto tlit Otittor.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ia I

===== 0002601_19000706_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Religious Liberty and Courtesy.

To lirv. F E Powell.—Dear Sir,—l have no descre whatever to give you the opportunity, you so much covet of posirg as a martyr. I simply pointed out to YOU, that if I had done in your graveyard what you have done in our--set at defiance the letter and spirit Of the Act of 1880—I arc uld have been guilty of a mis- demeanour. Y, u ought to have respected that act as much as I am expected to do. What is sauce fcr the goose, is saute for the gander. Ycur scream, to "fetch a policeman r at the end of your last letter, shows that you are quite incapable of defending your position, and is as undignified as your conduct all along on this matter has been unkind and discourteous. You are evideqtly ignorant of the fact that Baptists are never given to prosecute or persscute those sr ho differ from them in faith and practice—for their _faith and practice—but they do believe that they have a perfect right to protest against the minister of any church, who needlessly and offensively parades his own distinctive ritualistic propaganda, on their property and so abusing a privilege ; and it is such a protest I have made. JAMES SAMUEL HUGHES, 20, eliffe Tew, Stockton Heath, June 2811,1900.

Warrington Rural District Council and Padgate Footpaths.

Si.,—" Co-utinuine be (Mr. Thornton) said he was Sorry that thi, Special Committee and the Council gener- ally bad dealt with the Wesleyan body as they had done."

_ This remark is included in your report of the last meeting of the above-mentioned Council at which I regret I was not present,as I would have said then' what, by your permission and usual courtesy, I will shortly say here, which is that Mr. Thornton knew perfectly well in common with every other.memb"r of the Council that the question had practically been previously dealt with by the Council, the explanation being that the Connty Council declined,to bear any part of the expense of tiling footpaths in such placrs, hut specially gave consent to do so in the case of that part alone the frontage of Padgate Day School in, consideration of the purchase of land for the purpose of widening the foot- path and the extra wear at that place. If that were not PO and Mr. Thornton feels this sym- pathy for the Wesleyan body which he professes to do why did he not call the attention of the committee to the matter when on their visit of inspection? They met Lim by appointment at an early hour of the day and although he accompanied them over almost every part of the Parish be never in any way alluded to the matter and still he will now make it a handle to cast aspersions on the Committee and Council generally._

I apllogise for troubling you, and beg to remain, yours truly,

WM. HOUGHTON

Paddington, Juno 28th, 1900

===== 0002601_19000706_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

FOREIGNERS .SAID TO BE MURDERED AT PEKIN.

British Legation Burned.

iEmperor and Dowager-Empress Reported Poisoned. (112utvr's Telegram.) SHANGHAI. WEDNESDAY. It is statcd on g,ootl authority that t'area Chinese who were in the service of the foreigners in Pekin have escaped from the capital. They report that all foreigners, to the number of 1,000, including 400 soldiers. 100 members of the Chinese Custom staff, and women and ehildren,held out in the British Legation until ammunition and food Were exhausted . Tile Legation was burned and all the foreigners were killed. They also state that a report was current that Emperor Swang Nu and the Dowager-Empress had been poisoned.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Not a Foreigner Alive,

A Shanghai message of Tuesday says :—Chineso teports state that not a foreiguer is now alive in Pekin. The runner who brought Sir Robert Hart's message of the 25th begging the reliAf force to hasten described the condition of the British Lega- tion as awfil. It was filled with silt and wont:rind and the killrd were lying unburied in heaps b-ith inside and outside. Men of all nationalities were mingled together. It is feared that when toe ammunition failed the place was rushed by Tung Pub Siang' s troops.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Relief impossible.

The total allied forces of all kinds which it is possible to concentrate at present is 20,000, and the British .and Rusin admirals have concluded that with such a forte it is inspoysible to attempt the relief of Pekin. One hundred and forty thousand Imperial troops an now concentrtted between Tientsin and PBkin, and General Nieh is report A-1 tn be advancing to attack Tientsin with 90,000 troops.

Death of the Emperor.

Suicide under Compulsion.

SHANGHAI, JULY 4.

The Emperor committal suieiclo by taking opium undbr the compulsion of Prince Tnan, on June 19.

The Empress-Dowager followed his e mple, but is still alive, thouo she is, it is reported, insane from the effects of the drag. This statement his been made officially before German Consular cflhials.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
The Ashanti Trouble.

Coomassie Safe. Lorel Se!borne inforinsd the House of Lords ye' terday afternoon that Governor Hodgson is certain that he will relieve Coomassle by July 15, and that the town can hold out till that date.

YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. Close of Play Scores. LANCASHIRE. V SUSSEX :—Lelactshire, 233; Sussex, 75 for 4. OXFORD v CAMBRIDGE :—Oxford 480 for 8 LEICESTEMEIIRE v. SUR REY:—Lelcester, 346 for 9. NOTTS V. YORK9HIRE :—Notts 279 ; Yorks, 72 for 4.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT WORKS PAINT SHOP PICNIC.

seve;lY.37ai-e w;i:li-rne-n employed in the paint shop of the Viaduct Works, to the number of about 80, had an outiog on Saturday to Billings. Leav- ing the Griffin Hotel in three waggonette, the party had a very enjoyable seven miles drive, making the Causeway Hotel at Billings their heed- quarters. On arrival they were photographed sn the Bowling Green, and a howling handicap was afterwards commenced. After the first round had been completed, however, the handicap had to be abandoned owing to rain. The next item was a pedestrian handicap, which was won by J. Gilman, Tea was afterwards partaken of, and the remainder Of the evening was spent in a sociable manner. A portion of the Viaduct Band accompanied the pie nic, and considerably enlivened the proceedings.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN. CHOIR.

The members of this choir had their annual pic- nic on Saturday. The destination this year was Llangollen. and thither the party proceeded by the 7.13 train from Warrington, a spacial saloon being provided for their accommoeation. Llangollen was 'reached in good time, and dinner wi.s partaken of atll o'clock at the Wymistay Arms. The next item on the programme was a drive during which they passed the Horse Shoe fails. At the end of the drive the party alighted,and sang several piecee afterwards returning to Llangollen. They made point of visiting die residence of the " old maids " at Pins Newydd. after which they returned to the Hotel for tea. The remainder of the time was spent in a voyage up the Canal as far as the Horse Shoe falls where a stay of a few minutes was made. After returning to Llangollen the party wended their way to the station. and resiehed Earlestown soon after 9 30 With the except ipn Of a slight shower tbe weather was all that could be desired and much credit is due to Mr. Uot.-lin for the excellence of the ,arrangemente.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WA

A .Vilarrington Volunteer Dies in Natal.

• The melancholy news reached Warr:ngton on Monday that Private George Sue. low, who went out with the first contingent of Warrington Volunteers, had died in Natal of enteric favor. The first intimation was conveyed in the.following letter which was received by Mrs. Sudlow from •Captain Appleton :—•‘ De Wet's Farm, Botha's Pass, Natal, June 4th, 1900.—You will I know have heard, long ere this reachcs you, the sad news of the death of your poor lad. I only got the telegram yesterday, and I only know that he died from enteric fever at Princess Christian's Hospital at Pine Town,near Durban, where, I presume, he is buried. He was taken ill at Wasenbank Farm on our long I march from Elandslaagte, and of course, ycu lose sight of men at once. You move on and he either remains in the rear in the Brigade Field Hospital or he is sent down country, but I am sure he would te well looked aftcr. Please accept my deepest sympathy, und that of all the officers and men in the company, in your great sorrow. Be was a nice lad, and no one regrets losing him more than I do. You will have the consolation of knowing and feeling that he did a noble thing in volunteering to corns out and fight for his Queen and country for whom be has died. I will try to get told of his field glasses and send or bring them home to you, together with any other little things I thiek you would like, but you will know that things take a long time to do in this huge country; and we are moving further every day." This was the first intimation that the relatives had of the death ef Private Sudlow, his name and number (4,452) not having appeared in the daily published casualty lists, and no information having come from the War Office. His death must have occurred about a month ago. Private Sudlow, was only 21 years of age. He had been a member of the Warrington Volunteers since February 1898 He was a carter, and had been employed at Messrs. Rylands Bros. Works, Church-street, since he left school. Ho is the second Warrington Volunteer who has died in South Africa.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Return of Colonel Ireland Blackburne.

On Friday evening Colonel Ireland Blackliurne who went out to South Africa in command of the South Lac- cashire Militia, received a warm welcome on his return to Hale. Colonel Blackburne contracted enteric fever in South Africa, and upon his recovery to convalescence, he was invalided home. The gallant gentleman and his wife arrived at Ditton Junction by the London express at 5 45, and as they walked from the station to their carriage they were vociferously cheerei by several hundreds of peonlo who had assembled. The line of route to Hale was lined with cheering spectators. At the bottom of the st,tion bridge an arch was .erested across the roadway, whilst the words "Welcome home," worked on a bright materiil, appeared on several cottages close by. The decorations in Halo were also profuse, inueh time evid- ently having beea expended upon them. On arrival at the hall gates an interesting function took place. This consisted of the pmentatien of a beautifully-illuminated address given by the tenantry to Colonel Blackburne. The duty of handing over the present was fulfilled by Mr. William Turten, Burn Mill Farm, the oldest tenant on the estate, who de)ivered a !eve' complimentary re- marks appropriate to the occasion. Be expressed the great thankfulness that all experienced that the ColQnel had recovered from his illness, and that he was once more in their midst. Colonel Blackburne briefly responded, thanking all for their thoughtfulness and kindness. The horses were then taken from the carriage, and ropes being at hand, it was dragged down the drive to the hall door by several of the tenantry. Here Colonel and Mrs. Blackburn° shook bands pith several old friends, and the happy proceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Men at the Front. A Good Word for Buller.

Private G. Johnson, of the D Company, 2nd Devon Regiment, writing to his brother, Mr. Ali xander John son, tailor, 29, Thomas-street, Runcorn, writes :—" I daresay you have read of the great suceess we have had on this, side, which has been gained by hard marching. We made our advance on the 9:h of the month, our object being to take the Biggarsonrg—or as the Boers have named it—the Gibralter of Snath Africa. We have to thank our commander (General Buller) for the way in which his troops worked, his plan causing us to really outflank the Boers. It was drawing towards evenieg when we climbed the last mountain, and I cmn tell you wo had some steep ones to mount that day. We were getting done up, but when we got to tne top of the ridge we espied the Boer position. Our artillery got into position about 4 or 5 o'clock and began shelling them, though tt-e Boers were the first te open fire, ours were soon retaliating and kept it up rill dark when all was silent for the night. Had we attacked the Boers the way they expected us, ther,i is no doubt our losses would have been swore; but owing to our good genera ship—for I can tell you no is the right man in the right place,and he is liked by all under him—we occupied the Boer trenches that night. At daybreak nest morning we expocted a great battle, but te our dismay upan advancing we thugs! the Boers had all retir d, settieg fire to the grass to cover the retirement. Our Cavalry and Horse Artillery gave chase and the latter success- fully shelled the Boers. As we advanced we saw several deal- horses, the result of the shelline, but could not tell what the Boer losses were. Our loss wasl seven wounded. We stayed at Dundee for the nit: tr. Here the Boers had destroyed the property and tn., railway bridges, and we had to make tnees good. We celebrated the Queen's birthday ve.terday by repairing the railway, but it was ao use grumbling as it had to be done. We are at a place celled Newcastle now, and ths Boers have served it the same as Dundee. Tney have , broken the shop windows and looted all they could get hold of. We are getting a big supply of rations here bsfore we advance, so our next move may be a big one. We have got Majuha and Laing's Nek to face next and I hope we shall pull through it. We are all eetting tired of it I can tell von. I don't supnose you will Lae another letter from me Until we reach Pretoria. sVe shall have some B rough fighting, but it cannot last long, for we have a lot c f Boor prisoner in this camp. I had a chat with four of them when I was on guard over them, and they seemed to say they were forced into it but you cannot lo,lieve them When we came into Newcastle they were flying the white flag, pretending to be British subjects, but if I had my way with a lot of them I would imprison them for life or give them " a pill "—you know what that means. I see a lot in the paper criticising Buller ab ,ut Spion KOD. But give Buller his due. He has had all the hard fighting, and, some of those" nobs "at home if they were to go on swanking their i.ipee and mind themselves it would lot k better of them. Buller is all ught, or at least these who are fighti g under him think so. Be suits us all right. Good luck to him!" The la ter concludes with fond remembrances to family and inquiring friends. The same correspondent writing to Mr Ford, Dover- street, Runcorn. says :—" I enquired of the men in the Fouth Lancashire Regiment for the Runcorn Men, and found a few of them. One especially wishes to be re- membered to you, and that is elcConn. Ho knows you well and has given me a bit of a letter to put in for you The Runcorn men happened to come into our camp, hut they are away again now. We have had some hard sh-ps to contend with but I think they will soon come to a close now. We have a party of Boers hemmed in hero. I don't know if they will surrender or have another battle, but it does not matter which way they have it. They are bound to lose. But you know it means the loss of life and bloothh.d for no- thing. Our people may starve them out or shel them out of it, but our General (Buller) is a g-od ma's and doesn't sacrifice his men's lives. Be does everything he can for us, and his men are willing to go and do any, hirer for him. They only want the word to go end they are there. Ic an tell you General Buller has had some hard work to do.I hare teen reading how th,3 criticised him about the Spin!) lion affair. Better they closed their mouths until the war wee over,er corns aeid try to mend things if thee can. Bullet's men do not think he is to blame, and I can tell you they are upset about it. "Tommy Atkins" would go anywhere with him. He worked a fine move wirn we cleared th- Biggarsburge with only seven wounded. lam thankful . to say I have pulled through so far but you know I was woended crossing the Tugela, hut I am vetting all right now. My wound is all right, and I shall ba glad when we return to old England, for I can tell yeu we are all "fed up" with it. We are now where the big battle was fought in 1881 where General Colley lost bis life."

Warrington Man with Lord Roberts.

A Pathetic Incident.

Lance Corporal T Dowd, of the Bth Regiment Cheshire Company of Mounted Infantry now serving at the front, sends an interestini, letter to his friends in War- rin:ton. In it he Rays You must excuse ma for not writing sooner as I had no chance to alit, any paper until the other day when we had a god fight at a pace called Winhurg. We rushed the Boers out of th.ir trenches and I came across the deed body of one. I rifled his pockets and a!! I could find wa, a pack-t of writin2 nailer. This sheet is a part of it. I am writing this in a Boer trench on the boa:lu of the Tramvaal." The wri'er proce,ds to describe all the enga7ementa that he took part in from the onmmencemAnt of hoßtili'iez, including the relief of Kimberley. He SAVA " Wh, nwe rode into the torn we found our poor people atarving. They were pavinsf 21 a Pound for horseflesh On,- poor Engliqa woman with two little children came and a.lterl me if I heel a bit of biccuit left, es he, little children had bad no,hing to eat for ts.vo days and were crying for ford. I felt ira my haversack I and found two broken hiccuite. I was hungry ' but I could not see the little ones crying for fond. I thought of oIY own childrrn at home; and with tears in t niocuitm to the children, and the pool. woman nmaT I e feli3ovnher knees and prayed to God thst I or my

, ..4 4 '

===== 0002601_19000706_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.

chiliren should never want. The Boers have just tak in up a position on the Vaal river but we wilt shirt them out of that after we have rested. L7ttle " Bobs "ii the right man in the right place and before long he will soon have it all over. I hope so for we. are getting tired of this war and the sooner we wit to Pretoria and the better. , The B iers are a treacherous lot of people and they have been firing explosive bulles end spit bullets. I have some in my pocket now and if I live will fetch them and show them to you. I hope trade is br;slc and the mill working regularly as I am longiag to get b ‘ck and roll the old bogie along once more. I have just been told to siirldle up at once and go alf.: scouting through the hills. There they are sniping at us but I'll snipe tlaern I I get my eyes on them. All bulls eyes with this lad."

===== 0002601_19000706_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY NOTES.

After a long delay Captain and 'Honorary Major J. D. Buckton has been formally promoted sub- stantive Major in the hat Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment at Warrington, becoming second in command of the corps in , succession to Major H. J. Widdows who entered at the com- mencement of the year. Major Buckt on has com- manded a company in the battalion since April 1835 and his company command has now gone to Lieu- tenant Bernhard, the senior subaltern in the bat- talion who has been formally promoted Captain. This officer became Second Lieutenant in the corps in March 1897 and was promoted .to the rank of Lieutenant in July of the following year. Major Prendergast, 2nd Battalion South Lanca- shire Regiment, who was a few months ago appoin- ted station staff officer at Roorkee, has now been appointed to act as assistant military secretary to Lieutenant-General Sir George Luck, commanding in Bengal. It is notified that the 3rd Battalion South Lanca- shire Regiment, which went to South Africa a few months ago, is now located at Colesberg in the Northerk portion of Cape Colony. Lieutenant Woodham, just promoted to a com- mission in the Liverpool Regiment. from Qaarter- master Sergeant has been apoointed Quartermaster of the 2nd Battalion Liverpool Regiment, in place of Lieutenant Bell who has been placed on half pay owing to ill-health. Lieutenant Bell, who has been for a considerable period in the ranks of the Liver- pool Regiment, at one time served with the Depot Companies at Warrington. Second Lieut. Hay, of the sth battalion Liverpool Regiment, with headquarters at Warrington, has been given a commission as second Lieut. in the East Lancashire Regiment and joins the details of that corps now temporarily attaPhed to the 4-b battalion Liverpool Regiment. Mr. Hay joined the sth battalion Liverpool Regiment last January. Lieut. Whittle of the sth battalion Liverpool Regi- meat with headquarters at Warrington has a,sumel duty in Africa being appointed a subaltern in the Uganda Rifle,. Major Neville acts as second in command of the 2nd battalion Cheshire Regiment during the time Lieutenant Colonel Graham is employed on the staff lin South Africa. _ _ _ _

Captain Christian 3rd battalion Cheshire Regi- ment, and Captain Symes, WA battalion Manches- ter Regiment, have gone to West Africa for special service in connection with the Ashanti expedition. Caotain Hamilton has been promoted to the rank of Major in the Lancashire Fusiliers. He joined the regiment in October 1881 and was lately serving in Lancashire as adAtant of the 6tl battalion of the regiment.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRD SHOW AT RUNCORN.

The sixth annual exhibition of canaries and mules (in their nest feather) and British birds, under the auspices of the Widnes, Runcorn, and. District Bird Breeders' Associition, W 39 held in the Primitive !Ylethodist School- room, Greenwar read, Runcorn, on Saturday afternoon. There was a fair number of entries, and the competition in some cles was keen and interesting. The kulge was Mr. F,lHeaton of Manch-star. The foil., wing are the officers ef the association :-President, Mr E iron Speakman ; vice-presidents, Messrs C Hemingway, T Laws aud Go' ; committee, S Anirew., G M Dugmore, I Hampson, R Barker, J Sweerman, S D ivies, W Leigh, A Rant, T Booth, W Ridge, S Walker, J Blonr, W Abbot J Guy, F Bennett'' R Johnston, G Rone, R Jenkins, S Booth. R Maroh, H Cawley,J Uptrot, J P Will, T Feeney S Had win, ER God E Thompson, J Bradbu-r, F Deonett, J Ford, G Rathbone J Coo:-.•er, WT e r• row, W Sbarrat ; chairman, of Ri oge ; vice coair- man. R Marsh ; treasurer' Mr G M Dogmore; secrerAry, Mr S Andrews, 85, Churcn-rreet, Whines The awards were as follows :-Clear yelow, Ysrkshire : 1 and .neciai, D Orme ; 2, R Marsh; 3, E Thompson; vhc. G Rathhone ; h c. E R Goodwin. Clear buff, Yoi-kshire : 1, 11 Cawley ; 2, 13 Orme; 3, R Marsh ; vbo, E It Goodwin ;h c, R Marsh. Ticked or varie- gated yellow. Yorkshire : 1, H Cawle: ; 2. D Orme ; 3, G Rathbone ; v Ii c. 13 Cawley; Ii e, G Rathhone. Ticked or variegated buff, Yorkshire : 1, G Rathhone ; 2, R Marsh ; 3. D Orme ; vh c, H Cawley; h, c, E Thompson. Any variety cinnamon marked : 1, J Sweetman ; 2, E Thompson ; 3, S Booth ;bc, J Sweetman. Clear yellow, Norwich, plain bead : 1 and special, T Fanny; 2. J Guy. Cies, buff, Norwich, plain bead: 1. H Cawley; 2 and 3, J Guy; vh c, E Thompson ; hc. T Fenny. Ticked or unevenly marked yellow, N‘v- wicb, plaia head: 1, T Fenny, 2 and 3, E Thompson. Ticked or unevenly marked buff, No-wich, plain head : 1. H Cawley ' • 2. T Fenny ; 3, S B ,oth ; vb c, E Thompson. Cre tad Norwich, any vaiiety ; 1, 2 and special. J Guy ; 3, It Jenkins, vb c, J Guy ; hc, R Jenkins. Crested bred. Nar- y:into, any variety : 1. W Ridge; 2 and 3. R Jenkins; vhc, W J Trevorrow ; h c and c, J Guy. Buff green. Y..rkshire type: 1, R Marsh. Foul green, wing or tail otly, Yorkshire type : 1 and pPeial, R Marsh. Foul green, c!reen to nredominate. York3hire type: 1, J S.weetman ; 2, R Marsh. Buff cinna- mon : 1, E B Go iwin. Any o-her variety of canary not previously mPntioned : 1, E R Qedwin. Selling class, bird and cage not to exceed 103 : 1. W J Trevorrow ; 2, S Andrews: Novice Class, Yorkshire, clear or variegated : 1 and special and vh c, F Bennet. ; 2 and 3, T Summerfipld ;h c and c D Once. Norwich, any variety : 1 ancl 2, F Bennett. British birds, brown linnet ; 1 and special. S Booth; 2, S Andrews ;3. W Ridge ; vh c, W J Trevarrow, British goldfinch ;1, S Andrews. Small British hard billed, not larger than a hawfinch 1 and 2, S Booth. Small British soft billed, not larger than a thrush: 1, S Andrews.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF

GUARDIANS.

The usull Board of Guardians meetinz was held at Dutton Workhouq., on Tuesday last. Titers wet. pre- ant :—Messri J Stokes (ore4lin). A. It Norman, the Rural District Councilims, with Mr George F Ashton (clerk), Mr W E Rough (assistant clerk), and Mr James Cannah (master).

===== 0002601_19000706_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLIDAY ALLOWANCE

The Ciptain Suoerntendent of the Liverpool Training Slip " Indefatigable " wrot. asking for the usual 153. pr hd holiday allowance for the boys from the Run- corn Union, viz, William Henry Johnson. Ernest A. Murtaugh, Elward Faulkner. Sidney Haynes, Tnoinas Johnson, Alfred Raynor. and Ernest Wakefield. The application was era ited. THE FINANCIAL BTATEMiniT:

Mr. S Woodward submittEhl the firs.neial statement-. Out relief was gr.nted .—Runcorn, £BO ; Frodsham, £22 ; Bulworth, £23.—The only vaccinatinn fees in the accounts were those -f Dr. Carruthers for £6 25.

HOUSE MATTERS The minutes of the House Committee recnried the convepnce of a vote of thanks t Nlrs Canon Wond,fr entertaining the children at %Wenn, and also for the c,nveyanc.• of th,m to that place from the W —Mr. Dauzie (the Local Govornment Board Inspee' or) made his annual inspection on the 22rid of June, volv,n es erything, was feunri to In sati,factorv.—The report cf the lious* Committee was received and adlprel.

IHE CHILDREN'S TREAT. • The Master said he intended taking the children to Blackp •ol rum^ Tuesday, for their annual treat. Mr. S. Woidward said in accord with usual cust.m h. would "pos the hat roond," which rgsulted in £3 64 Od being added to the fund for the purpose. Mr. A. 11. Norman hoped that an oppor:unity of coa- trNving to the fund would b. given to the absentees. Mr. Woodward ; Oh, yes! I have that in mind ar,d will apply to thf rn. (Gear, hear.) The Master added that the fund was very handsomely supported year by year by all the cld Guardians. (Fl.ar, be tr.)

===== 0002601_19000706_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington] Markets.

At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday wheat fetched 43 id to 43 3d (70Ib to the bushel); oats, 23 841 ; flriar (best seconds) per 2401 b.. 22s ; bran, 10d-per 20b. At the Proclaim Market prices were as follows :—Fre3h butter, is id and is 24 per lb ; cheese, 7d awl 8d per lb ; fresh eggs, 10 for is ; fowls. 4s Gd to 53 64 per couple; Engli9h beef, 611 to 10.1 ; mutton 74 to 10,1 : lamb, 10d to is; veal, 7d to 10d; pork, 64 to 80.

TO TUB DRAF.—A retitle:nag who cured himself cf Deafness and Noißes in tho Heai after fourteen I ears suffering will gladly send tul! particulars of the remedy, on reeel of; of stamped ad4re34ol envellpe. CLIF ruN. Ambezio House. Strand, Lmdon. W.O. • • 4fivt.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON*

VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION

CLASSES.

The following rtsults ot the examinations held under the Society of arts in connection with the above classes have come to hand :—Book-keeping W Dawber, R Runt, T R Openshaw, P W Singleton, second clads ; A Crouchley, E Dickens and W stephend.third class. Shorthand ,Margaret Roberts, first class; R A 'Robinson, second class; John Graham, and J R Latham, third class. NARROW ESCAPE GP A CHILD AT EAILLESTOWN. On Monday evening a little girl of about four years old, daughter of Mr H Selby, Earlestown, had a remarkably narrow escape from serious injury in Earle-street. She was crossing:: the street just as a milk float and horse driven by a lad was coming down. The horse was going at a good rate, and before the child cou!d get out of the way it was knocked down by the horse, aria the float passed over it, one of the wheels just grazing its head. When picked up it was found to have escaped with a shaking and a f-w bruises" GAMING AT BIIRTONWOOD.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning before Mr..) W Emmett, John Quinn, collier, gurtonwood, Patrick Quinn, farm labourer, Burtonwood and Patrick Bramley, were charged with playing pitch and oss in Alder-lane. Burton- wood at 3 o'clock on bunday afternoon in company with about 50 others P.C.'s Gascovne and Clarke in plain clothes watched the men from behind some hedges and afterwards gave chase, securing three of the men, who refused to give their names. They were therefore taken mat ) custody. The two Quinn's were each fined 2s 61 including costs and Bromley was discharged. EA.RLESTOWN ERUN§WICK CYCLING CLUB.

A meatin4 was held in the Lecture Hall of the Wesleyan Chapel on Weinesday tvght for the pur- pose of inaugurating a Cycling Club to be called the " Earlestown Brunswick Cycling CIAO" Mr. Peter Parr presided and there was a good muster of in- tending members. After it had been decided to form a club the election of officers was proceeded with and resulted as folio we:—Mr Peter Parr, preii- dent ;Mr J II Dutton and Mr J Barr, sea., vice- presidents; Mr Higgins and Mr Warburton,elptains; Mr Cawley and Mr Fr,mcis, vic,:-captains ; Mr Atkinson, treasurer; Mr C Porter, secretary, and the committee appointed were Viessrs J R Barr, T R Bradley, Tom Hig4ine, Fred Parr, 3 W Gilmour, and Miss R. Alderson,and Mrs Downes toge;her with all the officers. It was decided to adopt a distinc- tive badge and a set of rules and a sub-committee was appAn'ed to draw up a list of runs for the season end report to the full committee,

INEWTJN CONGREGATIONAL MUTUAL IMPROVE-

MENT SOCIETY.

A wagonette excursion was undertaken on Sa:lur- day laQt, to Buckiow Hill, near Knutsford, by the members and friends of the Young Hen's Congre- gational Mutual Improvement Society, Crow-lane. The drive which occupied about two hours each way' was greatly enjoyed, though the sky during most of the afternoon was cloudy. Tea—as per arrangement—was provided at the "Clarion House," after which most of the party strolled as far as Rostherne Mere, seizing the opportunity also Of a visit to the Old. Parish Church. The number of cyclists and others who visit the district may be taken as evidence of the attractiveness and natural beauty of the place. The route going,after leaving Warrington was through Latcriford and High Legh whilst the return journey was by Lymm and Thel- well Though the pleasantness of the outing was interfered with slightly by an occasional shower, the trip was greatly enjoyed, the party arriviu,,z back again at the schoolroom about 10.30.

CHURCH Or THE ENGLISH MARTYRS, ETAYDOCK. On tiunday, the annual sermons in aid of the Mission were preached at the Church of the English Martyrs, Haydock, by the Very Rev Father Andrew, 0 P., ,rector of St. Anne's, Sutton. There were good congregations both morning and afternoon. In the morning Misi,a Cantata was sung by the Rev. Father Walmesloy, rector of the mission. The choir was compo3ed of members of the Lowe Rouse and Holy Cross Church choirs, under Mr Banks, with Mrs tearns presiding at the organ; and they gave a very effective rendering of Farmer'e Mass in 13 fiat, while at the offertory the Ave Marie" from Nlsscagni's " Cavalleria Rueticana " was ten lered. In the afternoon the Very Rev Father Andrew preached on devotion to the !tcreil Heart, taking aq his text the words, "Son, give me thy heart" (Proverbs iii. 1). He said it was res-rvad for the beginning of the seventh century to usher into the Caurch the public worship of the 2aertid Heart of Jesus, which spread like a conflagration throughout the Catholic world. At the conclusion of the sermon he made an eloquent appeal on betralf of the mis- sion. After the sermon there was a procession of the school children and congregation round the grounds of the Mission, and Benediction was after- wards given by the Very Rev Father Andrew. The music sung during the afternoon service included tse " Laudate," toe solo being splendidly rendered by Mr George Barton : duet "Children prayed this life to cheriso," from "God,Thou art Great,' sung by Miss Annie Dennett and Nit George Bart-in, and I..urphy's No. 2 "0 S tlutaris " and " Tantuni Ergo." GOOD TRAIPLA.RY.

The Rope of liarltaetown Lodge meeting was held in the Co-operative .Hall, Wergrave-road on elonday. Bro Cutler, C 'l' presiding. Replies were read from Lord Sa:isbury and Sir Henry C Banneimau in reply to resolution of lodge in respect to Sunday Closing bill for Alonmoulishire and Sale of Drink to Child- ren bill. Bro Newman read notice of Convention to be held at Ashton. The programme for the evening being tevisit from Ashton Onward Lodge, the lodge was opened to visitors, Bro Speakman, L D, Ashton Onward Lodge, chairman. The Chairman in a few remarks expressed the pleasure it gave their mem- bers to again visit the Elope of • Earlestown Lodge and hoped their visit would be productive of good to both lodges. Brother Nicholls sang "Lead rn.e gently home Father"; Bro Ii Thomas, recitation " Death Doomed" Sis- ter Bentham, song," Take the name ot Jesus,"; Bro Lowe, recitation, "A Soldier's Christmas Eve,''; Bro Pilling. song,; Bro Allsop, reading," The butcher's daughter. The Chairman then called on Bro Griffiths-Jones to aadrees the Lodge. Bro Jones said he was proud to be a Good Templar as he thought that the 1.0.G.T. was the best and most complete organisationhe suitable for all sorts andcon- ditiene of men, t object being a grand one to re- claim the fallen and keep others from falling. Each Lodge being a centre of moral suasion and mission- ary eff irt it seemed strange and perplexing that after so many years of organized temperance effort to n i see intempera ce ncreasing as was shown by the increased drink bill. 1e game six reasone for total abstinence. • First, that drinking wastes time and money; second, one drink leads to many ; third, drink opens the door to vice and crime and drowns more people than the sea; fourth, drink sets a had example; fifth, drink injures internally, outwardly. and eternally ; sixth, drink is against the Ge.pej, for " by their fruits ye shall know them " Sister Bentham then sang " Jesus keep me near the Cross " ; Bro homes, recitation " Curfew shall not ring to-night "; Bro Walker, song, "Beautiful dome"i Bro wintierd, Lancashire read- ing, " Catching a Conger Eel " ; Bro Perry, soag in I Welsh ; Bro .Allsop, recitatien, Bowton's Yard"; Bro Sicnkin song, "The Lifeboat " ; Bro Bishop, ' song. Bro Cutler, C.T., on behalf of the Hope of Etrlestown Lodge, expressed their thanks and the pleasure the visit had given them, and hoped it wonld not, be long before they would come again. Bro Woods, LD . supported it in a few words, and the Lodge was closed by the singing of the Doxology.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Receiving Order.

A rrsePiving order has been male in the appliea- tVon of Joseph Marsh, ironmonger, Sankey-Areet, Warrinvon.

_ Supposed Suicide. of a Sold Farmer.

. . The death is reported of Mr. Thomas Webster. a farmer, who resided at Park-lane Farm, Bold. The deceased having been missing from home, parties had been in search ot him. and at 12,30 on Tueeday af'ernorni his dead body was found in a pond in Booth Wood, near his fArrn. He was 33 years of age and leaves a w;dow and four children to mourn his loss.

PREFERMENT OF A FORMER RUNCORN PRIEST. The Very Rev. Dr. Gmsf,aidi, priest in charge of St. Agnes's Itomnli Catholic Church, West Kirby, and formerly of Runcorn Mission, is about to be trans- forred to Plowden He will be succeeded at West _Kirby by Father vottram.

LADin ussr GLA.OII 600 TS AND SHOES UNDER THfc OLOCK BEIDGE•STRI3IIIT.--Advt. PUELIC BICNRIaT UNDER TUE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHLicS.—Advt.

BUST BOOTS ro ALL. TIDMICH TIM CLOCK.— ,vt ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL 'IATS US —Advt.

ASk r CUNNINGHAM' NIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATHRS—Advt.

-

I A FLYING VISIT TO DOUGLAS. With a Peep at Port Erin. [By "QuILP N.l We travel quickly in these days. The steamer and the locomotive are altering the perspective of things. What at one time appeared an interminable distance and almost impossible of access is now brought within easy react) of - all. Within the writer's recollection, a visit to the Isle of Man was looked upon as a very long and tedious, not to say hazardous, journey. But on Saturday over a thou- sand of our townspeople accomplisned the journey thither, spent nine hours on the beautiful island, and returned safely to their homes in Warrington within 24 hours from leaving them. Such an excur- sion was not even dreamt of a few years ago, and it it were possible to tap on the shoulder one of our great-grandfathers find tell him of such a rapid flight tie would indeed think that we had become posssssed of wings. More surprised still would he be to find that the persons who undertook the journey were chiefly engaged in the manufacture of Richmond's gas stoves, and we can almost imagine him telling us with a sigh that such things were unknown in the" goou old days." , Of course such a journey as that from Warring- ton to Douglas and back in a single day is not an unalloyed pleasure. It imposes a strain upon the physical resources, and in some cases the tripper comes home the worse rather than the better for the outing. To be on pleasure bent for twenty hours at a time is no mean effort and can only be thoroughly understood by those who have experi- enced it. The tripper, however, is a cheery in- dividual, and it matters little to him how weary he may be at the close of the day. Like many another pereoa in Warrington I was up at an early hour on Saturday in order to be at the Central Station by five a.m, It is one of the characteristics of the day tripper to be up with the lark, and it is perhaps questionable whetner that feathered songster was up as early as 801319 of the trippers who left Warrington on Saturday morn- ing: One of toe first things I did on awakening at the unusual hour of 4 a m. was to take stock of the westher. It was then fine but the clouds looked very threatening for rain and the general outlook was not at all pcomising for a pleasant day. Des- pite the unpromising state of affairs, I ventured forth and found e that there were many wending their way to the railway stations. On the road I meta woman faithfully discnarging her duties as a "knocker-up" by gently tapping the windows with a small bundle of wire attacned to a long pole. She is a familiarfigure to those whose duty it is to be out early in the morning, and for many years she has eked out a living by arousing a younger, genera- tion to their daily labour. On nearing the Central Station, the stillness of the morning air was broken by the sound of music proceeding from the Borough Baud whin had been specially engaged to accom- pany Messrs. Richmond's excursion to Douglas. With an enterprise characteristic of this firm' the splendid steamer "rhe Priace of Wales" had been Specially chartered to take their employei and friends to the Isle of Man. I was one of the thou- sand and odd persons who availed themselves of the opportunity. To convey this large Company to Liverpool three trains were requisitioned and it may be readily imagined that the scene at the Cen- tral Railway station was an animated one. When the first train made its appearance alongside the plattorms the excursionists did not exactly fight for seats in the carriages, but tovut it mildly, there wds a rush for them. Nothing untoward happened and those who did not succeed in journeying by the tint train tied the satisfaction of knowing that 1 there was plenty of room in the trains which were to follow immediately afterwards. True to the reputation of the C.L.C. Railway Com- pany, the trains were got off with punctuality and by half-past five the excursionists were hurrying through the streets of Liverpool to the landing stage. ' The city was just awakening to the work of the day. By electric tram and overhead railway, workmen with their breakfast cans and food in their hands were proceeding to the docks and other places of business. On the other hand, workmen who had been repairing the streets during the night time were just finishing work. On reaching the landing stage, a freshening breeze from the river gave the visitor a foretaste of what was to follow. At the far end of the stage lay the "Prince of Wales" gaily bedecked with bunting. Already many of the excursionists had boarded her and were rushing about with band-boxes and deck-chairs eager to get the best seats. Not even a stranger could have mistaken that it was Richmond's excur- sion. There were " Kruger" posters advertising Richmond's specialities at almost every turn. It was a merry throng that assembled on the boat,and in case the Liverpudliens had never heard the strains of " Soldiers of the Queen," the bend gave them the benefit of it as a parting gift. Not to be out-done the Ragged School Band which was also present, playen one of their familiar tunes. It was to music such as this that the steamer entered upon its journey to Mona's Isle. The genial weather- beaten captain piloted the vs-sel through thn channel and the excursionists who had not gone down to the cabins enjoyed the sights which the river possesses in a marked degree. As we steamed past the ocean greyhound—the Campania—we were , able to admire her ample proportions an l contrast , her size with that of the vessel on which we were travelling. New Brighton and its Tower came in for a good deal of notice and comment, bur, shortty after passing it the weateer took an unfavourable turn and drizzling rain was ex- perienced for a brief period. The angry sea also began to assert itself with unpleasant results. Its first overt act was to baptise a number of passengers in the bow of the vessel with a spray of sea water. This was greeted with a hearty laugh,and as though designed to keep up the merriment, the first spray was followed by another and still another until at last the passengers were obliged to beat a hasty re- treat. Some ardent young spirits endeavourtA to maintain their position but they were drenched for doing tumuli at last this pert of the deck was cleared with the noticeable exception of two men who had chimed to the top of a poster erection, and whose courage in \ sticking to their position was much admired. 'tithe meantime a change had also come over many of the passeneers. The rolling and pitch- ing of the vessel were effecting them unpleas way. Groups of them were sitting and lying about suffer- ing from sea-sickness. At no time do people look and feel more miserable, and as one gazed en the suffering trippers on Saturday, there seemed to be some truth in the statement that we take our pleasures sadly. Here was to be seen for instance a Ragged School lad with his flute lying carelessly by his side, sick and sadly, looking as if he would be thankful for some- one to throw him overhoard. Near to, sat helpless men and women, some with their heads resting on their hands and others holding cups of tea which they did not want to taste,Bll suffering silently and wishing they were on shore again. They were to be pitied and yet there were few to pity. There were even some who were ready to deride them. One man in particular thought it was a fine thing ' to laugh at, but there was a laugh on the other side when a littls later he was crying for aSsiStatlee in his sickness. We had two bands aboard but there was no music! Silence is golden ! Four hours' sailing brought us to the breakwater at Douglas and short as the sail was it was far too long for many. It was with feelings of relief that the passengers again set foot on terra-firma. Many Warrington people had assembled on the pier head , to bid us welcome and as one walked along the Loch promenade encircling the beautiful crescent-shapsd bay, with its backeround of terraced cliffs and splendid baildings bathed in the warm sunlieht,the visitor was able to understand somewhat the attrac- tiveness of Dougles. My stay in Douglas was a very brief one. Immediately after arriving I ascended a char-s-bane standing oppeedte the Villiers Hotel where Mr. Richmond an i his staff assembled. and afterwards started fora drive across the island to Port, Erin. It was a delightful tour through a country where natuee looks at her best Honeysuckle and fuschias grew wild on the way- side and trim little fsrmsteads dotted the landscape here and there Smiling youngsters turned somer- saults and performed other gyrations with shouts of" Hi-Kelly," and were the recipients of coopers. An ascent of a few hundred feet was rewarded by a fine view of the cliPtarit Bes, which was rarely lost sight of on the journey. Sometimes you rode up a stiff incline and at other times you walked and derived pleasure from doing so. During the twenty miles journey two stoppages wer made for the purpose, AO it was said, of watering the horses. But in an instant the cars were empty, and water of a more or less diluted kind was naked for and supplied to the thirsty mortals wbo quite appreciated the necessity for a brief stoppage. I had always been under the • impression that Menx cats were without tails, but lo! here was one to be seen with a tail of which any cat might be proud.

It must surely have been an imported one—the cat, of course, I mean.

A delightful drive of three hours brought us to Port Erin, a quiet secluded spat, with a charming little bay, all sheltered by hills which run to the water's edge. It was one of the least likeliest places in the world to find a Warringtonian and yet here several were to be found epenaing a quiet holiday. Two of them, at least, Were being initiated into the mysteries of, golf, and seemed to be eujoy- ing themselves immensely. Dinner was served at the Belle Vue hotel where the party were the guests of Mr. Richmond. An excellent repast was partaken of for which the drive bad appreciably whetted the appetite. The stay in Port Erin was necessarily a brief one but the party went away with a somewhat pleasant recollection of the place. It was intended to make the return journey by char-a-banes but as the" gentle rain from heaven " began to descend it was decided to proceed to Douglas by train. The railways in the Isle of Man are indeed things to be remembered. They remind you of tram-lines and the carriages are slight improvements upon cattle trucks. You climb into them from the ground, platforms being evidently a superfluity in Manxlaud. When you get inside the carriage you find it divided into compartments by low-backed seats which enable you to sea from one end of the coach to the ocher. In the one in which I travelled the centre portion was labelled "smoking." A gentlema I occupying the next com- partment commenced smckieg and on being told that it was not a smoking compartment, simply put his head over the back seat of the centre portion,and thus complied with the regulations ! The railway journey of sixteen miles is completed in an hour if you are fortunate and not delayed by lack of steam or the late arrival of the mail bag at any of the stations. It is rumoured that the train once turned back to Port Sc. Mary for a bag of letters. When I returned to Douglas towards five o'elock a great, chars had come over tne scene. It was difficult to believe that it was the same place. The town that looked so bright and attractive in the morning was now a dull uninviting place drenched in rain. Tee streets were almost deserted and on the promenade a man was to be seen taking down the bedraggled flags which fluttered so gaily all round the bay in the morning sun. And where had the excursionists got to? They were glad to find shelter in refreshment rooms, liotels,and even on the boat which was in a few hours to take them home. Oh rain why were you so unkind as to cause a de- lightful day's excanioa to fizzle out in such a re- grettable way ? Some hard:things were said about the weather, but an excursionist is one who realises the necessity of making the best of things, and even rein does not prevent him from enjoying him- self. Oa the homeward journey when things were as bad as they could well nieh be, opportunity was taken to lance alemit the deck to the accompani- ment oi the band and sing popular airs. This was not altogether pleasant for those lying down under- neath and about the deck where mal de-mer was sadly too much in evidence, but it was taken in good part and all were glad when the Mersey WAS entered once more. In the murky distance could he seen the gorgeous illuminations at the New Brighton Towe.r which looked like a fairy scene be- side the shimmeriug water, Immediately after the vessel passed the Tower, the lights were turned out and served to show the surrounding darkness. Wet and in some cases miserable, the passengers arrived in Liverpool and there were some who vowed never to go to the Isle of Man egaio. Tney may now have changed their minis. I hope so.

===== 0002601_19000706_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S CHITACH UHOIR.

The annual picnic in coArisction- with this choir took place on Saturday. Upwards of 60 members and friends including the Rev J C M.atthews. and Mr J Harrison, organist, left Earlestown at 7-25 for Morecambe, where they arriviicl about 10-45. Be • fore dialler, a number took the opportunity of visiting the Artillery Camp. An excellent dinner was served and partaken of at the star Hotel end thoroughly enjoyed. After dinner char-a-bancs were engaged for a drive to Lancaster, returning to Morecambe ab)ut 3 o'clock. After a visit to the pier, tea was served at the Star Hotel and the Win- ter Gardens were aftsrwards visited. A start was made for horns about 7 o'clock, arriving at Bayles- town about 9.45. The trip was fully enjoyed by all, and was vored the best the choir had had.

ANTED (IENBRAL SEUVANT ; age about 20 ; good wave to respfctante young p rson..-23, CAVENDISH- ROAD, Cho Iton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE; COMPLAINT ilfti)r ti,tt d-d Ittfih t rletborattehde Widow RS Welch SMITH c t continues Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that wiaat they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only neron in possession f the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Ou'pide I ittel by -Mrs. Smithers, end the names of the tole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & EON 157 Queen VictoriP•Street," formerly of 67, St. Paula Lon3on, are 9engrave-1 on the government Stamp, Sold in o ate at 2s. d. each by most Ohernist.

THE HAYDOOK COLLIERY

===== 0002601_19000706_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPLOSION.

Six of the Ten Men Dead.

Opening of the Inquest.

The inquest on the bcdiell of the six out of the ten men whl were fatally burned by the expl6sion ot gas on Friday morning at •the 02 Hl:4ton CoWon', be longing to Messrs. R. Evans and Co., Limited flaydoc4. was opened by Mr. Btighouse county coroner, at the Waggon and Horses tau, Ildydo-A. The Li.41f103 of tee deAd men are :

Thomas Gilhard, 28, Crown•street, 'Enlestown, a‘zed forty-five. '

Pi%trick Bah, 41, Ihrhn-street, St. Efelent;, aged forty. , • James and Patrick brothers, Indging a 342, Church-road, flaydook, aged t meaty and twenty-Jot/ nspectively.

tiamFs -Hynes, 83, Athol-street, E3,rlestown, ad thirty-three.

Pat-rick Flaherty, 19, Reservoir-street, off Bolton-road, Ashtov-in-Makerfield, aged thirty-five. The Coroner. audressing the eighteen jurymen, said that on June 29;h, a lamentable accident happened the Old Boston Colliery, Haydock, where ten men wera working in the main down shaft, sinking the sirsfc deeper for the 9ft. 91n. to the Rushy Fmk sieani of CoiL They had sunk between ten and twelve yards_ About one o'clock on the moraing of the 29ch, the men had bort d nine shot holes in the metal about three feet deeP• The holes were charged and fired by the chareemae. Mark Luke. All went on well until about five &clock 10 the mornine, up to which time the men had sent about 'forty hoppers of metal up the shalt. In the centre of the shalt there was suspended an electric lamp, round the edge of the pit several candleS were burning. Without any warning an Outburst of gas or fire filed tee shaft, and serious tattooed the whole ten men; The hoppet whiire the men were working was partly full of metal at the time. When the flames had burned themselves oet the electric: lamp was still burning, and the whole of the men wel'' drawn up to the 9 feet mouthing. They were then secil to be seriously burned, and were at once taken to th,,e, hospital. Unfortunately six of the men lied succuuo.', to the injuries, and it was doubtful whether one at Vali of the other four would survive,or if any of them weir'or Be was sure the jury would hope with him that there would be no more fatalities arising from the accident In a serious matter like that there would WIVE' to be a careful inquii y, and it was absolutel9 necessary that if the tour men recoveied the": should give evidence at lhe inquest. From inquurieS,,lci seemed to be extremely improbable that the men WOu , be able to give evidence there before the end of t 94 , iponths, so that he had arranged with Mr Ball. ~ •C'overament Inspector,and Mr Glever,the miners' ag''ecire whom be met that morning at an inqu, at, that tflblo should be a lengthy adjournment. t hat would e" him to put Lefore the jury the evidence of the 1'0e7•21,t, proposed to adjourn to Tuesday morning, Augus" old at half-past nine. If any more of the men died te3 SW adjourn the inquiry to the same date. Mr. T. R. Ellis, of Wigan. reprepenteti Messrs. Ecarl° and Co., b'ing accompanied by Nir Grant Wilson, tor. and Mr John Robinson, ;general manaeer. Mr Riley, of St. Hclens, appeared for the relatives of steer'', of the men, and Inspector Scott, of Ashton wil" piesent. Mr. Ellis said he was ins:meted hy Mr. Pilkingtl and the direetris of the company to say with what Po, they had heard of the lamentable accident, and thee; desired him to exoress their deep sympathy with •tun' sufferers and the bereaved. The directors had glyr,-; instructions that whatever could ba done to rnitiaa` the sufferiogs of the unfortunate men shou!cl be (In and tbey desired to acknowledge the very excelle°,l manner in which the staff of the Cottate Hospital hi:, done the work they were called on to do. In the inves4 gation of the circumstances attending the accident, P. officials of the company would render Al the assistaaCQ they could. - _ _

_ tO Mr. Riley, on behalf of his clients, said he then hJ a- take the attitude of an opponent of the firm, but he oit: glad t.o acknowledge that whenever thev felt that tn circumstances of a case demanded some reparation the/ were, of all firms, the mot ready to make it. TELEGRAM FROM THE HOME SECAETARY. 9 The Home Secretary (Sir Matthew White Risley) 113, sent a telegram to Mr Henry Hall, the district incpacc°`; 1 of mines, in which he regrets to hear of the explosion firedamp at the 0!cl Boston Pits. and env sees symplabj, with the relatives. He also asked for inlormation as,„; the condition of the four survivors. Tre four mea,w",," are inmates of the Haydock Cottsge Hospital were 0'; Wedneseay slightly better, but by 11.10 means out danger./

' Warrington.—Printed and Publish,Kl by 301“ WALIC°I4. CO. at The Examiner (irnerdl Priats.u4 '.Vork , 13691,3;r1 streer, and published hy them A t t. p,m, 014 Ca also at the The E:aminer Offices, Vic,..,0,•13. coo .v.r trYrr; 4?., Ceorve•street, S. HELNNS and 3 frl,r'e'l,47:ll FARLESTOWN,iIi the County of ret11(110 e • and ',lc, '11;1-119)3 etreet,Rtnicoari, in the County of Chute:, - JUN'S

'

===== 0002601_19000706_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSPEL H ALL. FORSTER-STREET, WARRINGTON—TO-MORROW, (Sunday) July Bth at 10 3'l a.m. and 630 p.m. I'reaeher : Mr. J. TAYLOR. All seats free. No c..nliection. Books provided. pOLD -STR FET SVE3(JEYAN CHURCH WARRI_NGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY Bth At 10 30 Rey. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6 30 Rev. H. G. ROBERTS, M.A.. All welcome. tlymn Books provided. 13 A. PTI S T CHURC IT, LATCHF 3RD. THE ANNUAL SERMONS WILL BE PREICHED ON SITNDA.Y. JULY BTH, 1900. TriE REV. JOT-IN YON(}, OF WYJLIFF% CHURCH., WM-MING-TON. Saviczs Afternoon. 2.30; Evening. 6.30. • A YOUNG PEOPLE'S SERVICE, WELL BE: lIELD t TTE MaRYLNG AT 10.31. to be eondutted by the Pastor, REV. J: F. MATTHEWS. Collections at esch Service in aid of the Church Fiends. _ BIRKENHEAD SHOW'. AUGUT 3,4, 8.7. 6. PRESIDENT :-W. H. LEVER, ESQ.

TO DB.OGTIEDN AND THE BEAUTIFUL BOYNE VALLEY. 'BY STEAMERS OF TUE DROGHA 6TFAM PACKET CO., LTD. , SAM-61GS EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY, THURSDAY 41'm SATURDAY, - from S. E. Collingwood Dock, Liverpool for Dregheda• RETURN FARES : Saloon, 10s. ; Deck, 4!. ; available for 14 days. For hours 07.- Sailing and Illustrated Guide to the District 'a Pply ISAAC JAN DRELL, 23, Water-street. Liverpool. Steamers return from Drogheda every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. (Please mention this paper). —... . ELFAI-ff SUMNIER, EXCURSIONS. ' 1.--N,... B > Return TICKETS available for one month for Saturday sailing from Liverpool. Return Saloon 10s. Steerage ss. B.S. CALEDONIAN (Ilectril Light throughout) every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday from West-side Trafalgar Dock *SATURDAY, JULY '7th 10.30 p.m. • *TUESDAY. JULY 10th 930 p.m, *THURSDAY, JULY 12th 10.30 p.m. SATURDAY. JULY 14th 11 0. p.m. *From Prince's Landing Stas.te. Single Saloon 85. Return 12s Oct. Single Steerage, 3s Oct. Return. 6s 6d. Send for our new Edition " Peeps 'at Ir'sh Scenery." J. J. MACK AND SONS, 14, WATER-STREET, la in& h FOOL. ____-------.

- LIVERPOOL AND DOUGLAS STEAMERS, LTD. ISLE OF MAN. 3/6 ETURN Ti'e 3/6 IT FROM PRINCE'S LANDING-STAGE. Express Paddle Steamer LILY, at 10.45 T. 1113 DIY, An ON MONDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY and Daily during the Season. Returning from Douglas 4.5. Tickets and Handbills. WALTER'S, 53. Whitechapel. Booking-office, Landing-stage and Douglas. Saloon Return. ss. 6d. Season Ticket 21s. - LANGLANDS' SAILINGS GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCIES',I ROYAL or other Steamer : Satur Dron, LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW* Clarewte Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side (.a77 July 7th 6.30 pm. Tuaday July 10th ... 2 p.m. Tueursda— r July 12th 10 p.m. Saturday July 14th ... 2 p.m. "IV July 17th ...2 p.m. Thursday July 19tls ... 2 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Green.ock at 6-30 p.m. _FARES—Cabin. Single lie.; Return, valid for Two ELOntbs, 16s. 6d. Steerage. Single, ss, 6d. SPRCIAL ItIiTURN TICKET'S, valid for 10 days onl, , Issued at 14s. Cabin ; Sa. 3d. Steerage. are M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 10, RUMFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL. " NATIIITE STAR LINE . ,VV ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via QtIeeIIStOWD. GERMANIC Wed., July 11 Aug. 8 Sept. 5 Oct. 3. MAJESTIC Wed., July 18 Aug. 15 Sept. 12 Oct. 10. Third Class passage at low rates Including Outfit free of raw to New York. Boston, Philadololsia, Baltimore ,T)Pl3' to Issi Ar. IMBIE, and Co.. Liverpool, 17 Coc'aspur 'Wrest, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall PLC.. London.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THB At • l• ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW t.o DOUGLAS—at 2-15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a in. Train in connection with steamer leaves VirArringtOn via Presto:l at 9.58 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s Trains run Third class and Saloon lss 6d alongside Third class and Fore Cabin 11s 6d steamers. „ SPECIAL NOTICR.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available ror going via Farrow and returning via Liverpool or F1:- od or vice versa, can now be obtained at following 4,aree First-class and saloon 19- 6d Third-class and Saloon ... l4s Od Third-class end Fore Cabin lO3 Cd The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the akes). Furness Abbey. or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE Z:Tbe magnificent new express steamer " DUCHESS OF IuIiVONSHIRE " will be on the service during July, August, d September.—JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, OICURED AGAINST AID FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £1,150,000 A. VIA.N. Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE : 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: 'Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nesscliffe. Victoria-rd..Latchford t. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Harcishaw-street _ aydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows andbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge rarnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Movrfield Hone

IZOCHE'S tiERBAL EMBROCATION. 1-100 PING COUGH The celebrated eir&ua 1:100PING COUGH cure without interna medicines 1100 PING COUGH CM all Chemists p:ice 1:100PING COUGH 48. per bottl t. Sole VG holesaie Agents, 11, RONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & .SON, 157, Queen Victoria treat, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL VABROCA.TIO'S.

'11)T• :GILLIGAN ' (UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITHiTHE:LATE JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE:fAND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 33, BUTTERMARBET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share oC your kind patronage.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER,' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marson Street, Warrington

44 A Li_ WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILViiinENULISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit list in the pocket. " FOR FIFT3. SHILLINGS. This watch is time I to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNt OF ROIIOH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. wo tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent poet free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

PAST' (to nny amount) immediately ADVANCED kJ on FURNITURB, PIANOS. WORKS OF ART, Bcc. Lowest Chlrges ! Consultltions Free 1 Strict Pilvacy 1 FURNITURE. PIANOS, ac., Purchased. WILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY-STREET (TOP OF BOLD-3TRRET), LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1872. yE OLDE CASILK DINING AND TEA ROOMS, 34. NEVILL-STREPT, SOUTHPORT, (About One Hundred Yards from the Pier). Recently Enlarged, and now the most comfortable and commodious Establishment of its kind in Seuthport. ACCOMMODATION FOR SCO PERSONS At One Sitting. Second to None in the Towyx tor Quick Service. DINNERS, TENS, AND LUNCHEONS At Moderate Prices. Good accommodation for Cyclists. 147URS.—NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY, S.! 120, PORTLAND-STREET, Manchester (Oxford-street end. late cf Lever-street). FURS. FASHIONABLE FURS, in Fit and Finish. URS, Middle Profits Saved. SEALSKIN JACKETS, CIRCULARS IN SEAT:, SABLE, MINK, & OTHER FURS. ECKLETS, TIES, TRIMMINGS, MUFFS, &c. Sin a Articles Wholesale Price. Also Alterations—Re- la. ioning of Sealskin Garments and all Other Furs. Repairs. Re-dyeing. Cleaning, &c. Now IgO4PORTLAND-ST late of Lever-st., Manchester.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL. BANDAGPS, ABDOMINAL BEM'. BUY THEM FII"M THE ONLY I',IAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS. 37, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We siipply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1863. " SONS OF ME "AYE! AND SONS OF THE LAND." ARE NOW WEP-RING ARTHUR EVANS'S 61 Du Bs. 6D. STYLISH BOC/TS, because he has the very thinq they want, at the right price. City Branches :- 5. LONDON-ROAD ;24 BERRY-ST. : 51, BYROYI-ST. Post Order Department, 201, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Arm BITTER ALES. it.LLSOPP'S EULD ND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S lIOP BITTEI.I. WHEATLEY'S GINGEF. BEER. To be hexl in OASK or BOTTLES from WIBEWeICK R(O)AL:IN),NINITRGRHII:7GI'ITI ON. Also Manufacturer of HI4I-: CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

A CHANCE IN A LIFEiIME. ALLDAYS' CYCLS. A. splendid opportunity of securing an Alidav Cycle at LESS TIIAN COST. We have decided to offer our match- less No. 1 ROADSTER or ROAD RACER. also our Lady's ENCIIANTRWSS No. 2, fitted with 1930 Warwick tyres. OR Westwood hollow rims, or Clipper tyres, built throughout with our famous fitti vs and guaranteed for 12 months, for 1. OS. NET. These machines are of the finest w u4;manship and finish, and a visit to our depot will convince you Only a limited number at this price, and orders cannot possibly be repeated when stock is cleared. Send for particulars post free. Note Address ALLDAYS & ONIONS, LTD.. Liverpool Depot-71, REWHAW-STREET. J. H. LANCASTER, Manager._ *4.8Z6, PARDON, EXCUsE ME, BUT WHERE DID—," "Oil, YES 1 ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' " THANK YO"."

WEDDING RINUS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SNVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE 4 to FII,TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Haif-ronnd always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCEI AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

TLLUMINATED ADDREStS, DIE-STAA.INNO ; Fae-Similes of Hamdwritinl, Typewriting, plans. quan- tities Bce., copied and lithographed.- !RooKs AND Salt, Law Stationers 11. Queen4treet. Warrington. A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRIOR 10s. Jd. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From be. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Orc er and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING (JR WEAR HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS:- AV. B. SWEETMAN, 5, RANELAOH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

EFlAili J ACK El ! S 6 JACK “.TS L., Every workman should have one of HAPUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. 'Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool. QPI,ENDID Assortment of N PTO' S.aPon's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10g. 6d (to measure' TROUSERS. Wonderfully good vsltle. HAGUE am' LIMITED, 65, Byrom-sLrect, Liverpool. All goods sent ear- raga paid. LIVERPOOL AND YORTII WALIS REGULAR DAILY SAM NGS (SUNDVYS included), P.S. ST. TUDNO on ST. ELVIES, Leaving Prince's stage at 10-45 R.M. daily for LlAndndno. Beaumaris, Bangor and M-nai Bridge. due back 7-30 p.m.) Allowing over four hours ashore at Llandudno. For fares and all f.rther particulars apply to the LIVER- POOL AND NORTH WALE 4 STEAM9I!IP CO., LTo.. T. G. BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER-sTREwr, LIVERPOOL. Tel. No. 6366.

H. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Fide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKET'S From 248. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d, 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL.

pui OF MAN iXPJti.S NiAIL.tiTEA.SIhaiS (Sundays excepted). FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM DOUGLAS. June 30th to July 12th. Saturdays 10-30 am 2pm and -3aturdays and Mondeys, 5 p m 9 aM and 4 pm Mondays...lo-30 am and 2pm Mondays 12.39 am Other week days —11.3: am I (Sunday night) I Other week days 9 a m BAY EXCURSIONS. Saturdays and Mondays. Fore Cabin 4s, ; Saloon Cabin. 6s. From Liyerp^ol 10.30 am I From Douglils Douglas arrive FROM FLEETWOOD. FROM DOUGLAS Daily from Saturday. 30th June. Week-days 2.15 p m Week-day 8.30 a m LIVERPOOL to RAMSEY : direct r aturdays 12.33 noon ; via Douglas, Thursdays at 11-30 a.m. For Excursions to Ireland and Scotland see programme. Illastrated programme free,po.tage id., forwarded by Tilos. COOK & SON, Swan and Leach, Dean and Dawson, Tourist Agents. ISLE OF MAN FTEAM PACKET CO.. LTD., DOUGLAS. A. LAN LINE STEAMEt 'S SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. fs.s. LIVONIAN for Quebec and Montreal .........July 12th 5.5. DAMARA for St. John's, N.F. and Halifax July 14th *5.5. TUNISIANIfor Quebec and Montreal July 19th se. SIBERIAN for St. John's NF., and Halifax July 21st *Via Londonderry. IC3rgo or.ly. Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd C thin £7. Steerage £ Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars tree on application to AT T4N BRoTHERS S; Co., 19, James- St., Liverpool

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNES GHLOIWDYN E. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered. OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and A.silima. ('iIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k_) those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever Croup Ague. OHLORODYNE acts like a cbnrm in Diarrilma k.) and is the only specific in Cholera end Dysentery. CtILORODYN6 effoctually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNg is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J. 130171,TMT AND CO., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne moor practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-opasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from wb stever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude r jtobtainablo by any other remedy, and it seems to poe3es this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it eaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despaten from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CI-ILORb- DYNK."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. VIM lON.—BE WARE OF PIitACY AND IMITA- TIONg CAUTION.—Viet-Chnucellor `iir W. Pa4s: WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLIS BROWNE we; :In loubtedly, the inventor "Qli LORODYNE " ems that the story of the defendant FEERMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted te say had been sworn to. —See Tirnes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 2s. Pd., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. S. COLLIS BROWNE'S CH hORODYIN E "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- rig Modica testimony accompanies each bottle.

VATEDDING AND BIRTHDAY T ?RESENTS. ALSO COINS. WAR MEDALS. AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellan,ons. Eine Selection of Rare COINS, WAT lEI/ALS. ANTIQUES CHINA. and EILIC-A-BRA, OLD GOLD BOUGHT V. S. 131:43NNIN0TON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVER:PITT:IS, DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63-RENSIAAW-STREEI, LIVERPOOL-63 Estabhshed 1819. Valuatioms for Probate.

, LADIES' 414 A STIC STOCKING DEPARTMENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTINg. First-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS LEGGI NGS KNEE CAPS ANKL KTS THE CALEBRATED BLACK SCARBORO' COAT. WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICE 25/. CYCLE CAPES FRO NI 2/11. NO MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRACES, from 38.11 d. THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN. J. E. HUGHES, AND SONS. 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL. LATE ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT.

rOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Most bd; Hooks to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies. Is to is 6d per dozen; gut Casts, three yards 2.1. 4d, 6d nni 9d t-ach ; -int Bottoms with one book attached one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 61 ; Floats, two for Id : porcupines, id each ; gentles in stock at 3d, 6.1 and Is per box. WILL I )11ANI BEM. 25, MARKFT-PLACB. MANCHRSTRR. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe). (46,_ THE ANGLO. t f\ THE ANGLO- &MERIOAN AMERICAN HOUSE. HOUSE. 72, PRINCES RD., corner LIPPER WARWICK ST., LIVERPOOL. Teeth supplied from One to a Complete set, f,ri Vulcanite Dental Alloy, and Gold. ONLY HIGH-CL Ab V/o,li AND No EXORBITANT CHARGES. Toothache relievers ustantaneously and Tooth Saved. Diseases of the urns treated successfully. Teeth filled with GOLD, PLATINUM, CEMICNTS, &c., Repairs of all descriptions attended to. Badly adjusted nitres re-modelled' CROWN AND BRIDGE WORK A SPECIALITY. All Cases and Testimonials considered confidential. NOTE THE ADDREfI3-72. PRI N Clis ROAD, corner Upper Warwick Street, Liverpool Side I.,ntrance. Upper Warwick 6treet. Electric Cars stop at corner. DR. LA GRANGE M.D., D.D.S. (U.S.A.), Manager.

I W. HODGKINSO.N, LIMITED, • WILD MAIiE A SPECIAL SHOW DURING THE COMING WERK, OF NEW DESIGNS. C ILKEEIS, FOULARDS, IN WHITE AND NAVY GROUNDS, ALSO A BEAUTIFUL RANGE OF FANCY MUSLINS. FOULARD, SILKS, AND SATINS NOW SO MUCH WORN ALSO NEW MODEMS IN FLANNEL. COSTUMES FOR SEASIDE WEAR. 46, AND 48, BRIDGE Sr., WARRINGTON. NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED TO THE LARGE AND COMMODIOUS PREMISES IN BEWSEY-STREET, Lately occupied by Messrs. Hesketh and Dutton. GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publl3. Sold by all Grocers and Drugtists, in Canistet 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON EST ABLIHED

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS ! THE LATEST NOVE TS UITABLE FOR PREFJETS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS, INIBEIELLA.S AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED ug usia AN HOUR FROLT 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, :,lANCHESTER.

rip 10BACCO, CIGARS, Li • UIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

DO UNEEDA WHOLESOME DRINK. SAFE, SIMPLE, GOOD, CHEAP. TRY WILLS' HYGEII SALT A MILD APERIENT. BETTER THAN BITTERS FOR STIMULATING THE APPETITE, CURES HEADACHES. RELIEVES INDIGESTION, GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF, MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER WHILST YOU DRINK IT. Much superior to many expensive Salines sold at more than double the price I BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (SOLE LOCAL AGENTS). LTD. SIXPENNY SIZE SD. SHILLING SIZE 81D. 35, BRIDGE-ST., AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. • ALSO AT RUNCORN, WIDNES, ST. HELENS, LIVERPOOL, Ear., BCT.

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S plus. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S piLLs. have reeourae to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADIVS plus, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADB S pLus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vex v EADE'S piLLs. worst oases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GO 'T. RHEUMATISM, RIIBUMATIe) GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest ream imenelation ever given any Patent Medic ne of its class. GOUT " 14,Burton-ereecent Dewsbury read. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. i_e HE U MA TI S M "Dear Sir,—lt is with unbounded 11 pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatie Gout, and I had three OUT mouths in bed with it. Of course I had the doctor, and he sweated , me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMATISM The next spring I had another GOUT attack, and was persuaded by a friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE my being laid up again. Ever GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pill, and I have been all right again RHEUMATI SIM directly. when "lave bad the least GOUT I WOULD NOT Ph WITHOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. li HII U HTISM You are quite at liberty to make TI OUT OUT what use you like of this, and I shall be pleased it. answer any kJ! poor sufferer who cares to write RUEUMAT Id me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are eold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. iird and 23. 9d or rent post free for Postel Order by the Proprietor GEORGIA EAOII, 232, GoevreeL-Roan. E.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain T.SADE'eI GOUT AND !Mau MATIC PILLS. : -TA ill A D ir. S PILLS b‘riIYPOKLENE " A perfect substitute for Tur- -1 pentine for cleaning Tyne, Lithographic Stones, Rollers, &c.; absolutely non-inflammable, and therefore safest. 40-Gall. Barrel', Is. 4d. 10-Gall. Drum", is. 7d. 40-Gall. Barre le, Is. 6d. " OTTO " GAS ENGINE OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, Is. 6d. Per Gall. 'Carriage Paid. sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THE RELIANCE LUBItICATING OIL CO., 19, & 20, WATER-LANE (I,eleAT TOWER-STREET, 1 LONDON, B.C.

T.CLATINE. " EXA NINTH " OFFICE, 33, MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONicIt, NEWSAGENT, itc' &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a largo Variety of othr-r. Articles useful and rnamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

KEATING'S POW DER. KEATING'S ro WDER. KEAT6 GS POWDER. - Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. N.IIW BELLOWS, 9d., ; Tine 3d, 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., I/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) told in Tins, 3d„ 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS. BEETLES, MOTHS.

GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE MANUFACTURE CLZ TIP NG DIRECT. MUCH COMPETITION DEFIED. MANY CHARMING DESIGNS. MAKE CUSTOMERS DELIGHTED. MODERATE CHARGES DESIRED. MORE CUSTOM DEVELOPED. BUT THE GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE M.O.D. CLOTHING ARE INNUMERABLE. THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, RORSEATAR TUT-STREET, WA RRINGTO N.

SALE SALE SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE. SALE JAMES ATKINSON'S SALE SALE SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE SALE COMMENCES SUMMER SATURDAY, JULY 7TH, 1900. WITMER THE WHOLE STOCK REDUCED.SALE SALE BARGAINS IN AU., DEPARTMENTS. SALE 7, 11, & 13, BRIDGE STREET, SALE SALE WIRRINGTON. SALE

GREAT SUMMER SALE AT THE PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THIS DAY AND UNTIL JULY 31sT.

CARPETS MADE AND LAID FREE. LINOLEUMS LAID FREE. GENIUNE REDUCTIONS. BLINDS MADE FREE. All Purchases over 40e., delivered free to any Railway Send for Sale Catalogue. Station in Great Britain.

GUNS! GUNS!! GUNS The largest and best selection in the North of England; a perfect tit guarantee I. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Gnus. and Implements, at lowest prices. CARTRIDGES, Sporting Cartridges a Speciality; nothing but the best meterials being used. GUNEIT rING. Customers can have heir guns properly fitted at our new range, Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets, ac. All repairs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, d FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, fto. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOIDGRAPHS for Crystoieum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, SEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCRANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. !cc., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ELASTIC LEGGING. IF YOU WANT ELASTIC STOCKINGS WRITE AND SEND SIZE TO THOS. HEWITSON & CO. UNDERCLOTHING AND CORSET • MANUFACTURERS. 157 TO- 163, • LONDON-ROAD, 11, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, Is. 11p. EACH, CARRIAGE PAID. OFF CHURCH STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERFD BOTTLES WrEll LIP. ALWAYS FLUID ! NEVER FADE!

_ _ CI.YCLES ! CYCLES I ROYAL AJAX' are ./41. than , finest value Carriage paid. 30 (k ,t_ per cent, cheaper an 0184 —_,,,,.;,7,,,..,4,e where. Immenst Stock, New ~')-• / \ and Second-hand. EASY ••_:-,...1.1,eie, .--, .: "s,--.50.- : . TERMS FROM 10a, MONTHLY, OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED, 1900 ILLUSI RATED LISTS POST FREE. LARGE CYCLE RIDING SCHOOL. THE BRIM:AI CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO 45, EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. CITY BRANCH: 23. MANCHESTER-SUREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113, Anfield,

J. ADAMS. ____.-------, , /fr,7 1,012 ---------- - \\ FERN GLASSES. , ' • ?:' \\', GLASS SratiS. AND i 1 V p.,:. I WINDSOR GLth's OF DIF- -1 ', 1 1; , ......:., N . t FiqiENT COLOUR,. ' -..,-I,L. 'fr^.,,, , ' lit WINDOW GLASS OF DIP- , FERENT PATTERNS. BRITISH SILVEgED PLATE. GAS GLOBES. SMOKE PROTECTORS. BELL GLASSES, AT THE LOWEST PRICES. AT J. ADAMS. 212. NORTH-HILL STREET, OR AT 80 Sr. JAMES PLACE. LIVERPOOL. 160,000 FEET OF WINDOW GLASS AT 14(1 PER FOOT S gALL SIZES.

THE POLYPHON. THIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL INSTRUMENT will PLAY by ITSULP—Clorkwork—thousands 1 adn,,,,,i ' of Tunes n You can chods. r,mr owtunes. Pricf.s from 124. 6d. to £25 "F Also GRAMOPHONES aud . ~,,,. --- PH ONOG RAMIS —Talking ,•;-..;,,i,.. ---t-•;; ;'',.,..' 1 machines from 375. ed. )er•-i- ''',lo--"---'''rr, . MANDOLINES, ILINJOI*.,, La.'‘,:t.',',,,f•;...w.;'Af .1.,. , i ourratts, AUTOHARPS, .S.;c., at reduccd prices. —:.:....;,, •,..-- ARCHER & SONS ST.(I7O!?G‘TS CRRn ' ENT ( ton of Lor(-stre,t). LIVERPOOL .

R 1 .. .51 .s. .. . -.4 , .-: .,.,. 1i4:.• ' . IQ Fi ! 1 • I,l'' ' '. i_ , . ';" - ••, ~ , ~ or , 7 *; : t' : P 4 t' b' eri tid A=.7, Pi '', ''' • g N' l IA • t)%' L • " ') • Impi til 4' 7,F E 4 ft uell 1 . lo ni,,tkA la-i, tort in CICrl ..#-;. 1 INSTANT RELIEF and refreshing sleep for Skin- tortured Babies and rest for Tired Mothers in a warm bath with CUTICITRA SOAP and a single anoint- ing with CUTICURA, the great skin cure and purest of emollients. This is the purest, sweetest, most speedy, permanent, and economical treatment for torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humours, -with loss of hair, of infants and children. , Millions of Mothers Use Cuticura Soap Exclusively for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening*, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inilam- mations, and chalings, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those who have once used it to use any other, especially for preserving and purifying the skin' scalp, and hair of infants and children. CIITIEURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived from Curl- cußA, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refresh- ing of flower odours. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with I t for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for ail the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE Pums, viz., ONE SITILLTNG, the BEST skin and compl soap in the world. Sold throughout the world. Pines, Tam SET, VENT, 2s. 6d., post-paid of F. NEWBERY SC Bo "Hew to Cure Skin Tortures," post free. POTTEJ

SOFT FAIR'SKIN•-• Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness Insur- ed to those Ladies who use Rowland's KA y R which removes 'Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes as. 3d. S.: 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London.

3loteis(s, pbroO, %aarDing estabs. _ LLANDUDNO.—FISHER'S Private Hotel; splendid position. near sea ; liberal table; home comforts ; cycle accom- modation. 6s 6d per day.

nOUGLAS.—CHALMER'S YORK BOARDING4IOI3SE Castle•terrace.—Central Promenade, facing the sea ; trams pass door; full board 5s 6d and 68 6d per day,inclusive.

OARSIOUTH : Northfield Hall, 3, Belle Vue Residence.— First-class Boarding Establishment, situate hillside, nearest church; undbr new management ; golf, tennis, coaching, bathing, boating; special terms to visitors,—Apply MANAGERESS.

HER MAJESTY'S Visit to Ireland.—Visitors following high example, remember lienvyle House Hotel, Connemara. Home of the Blakes, Train, Clifden. Splendid views. Sea air. Sea and trout fishing. Good mixed shoot- ing. Grand bathing. Golf. Keep this.—Mrs. BLAKE.

SOUTHPORT HAYES'S RESTA.URANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 it 71. RUSTON SQUARR. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUILT. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician: Dr, BA.RNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, leplete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish. Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

DOUGLAS.—Sitting and 2 or 3 Bedrooms; summer montbs.—CIIILDE% 12, Victoria Avenue, off Victoria- road.

D HYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to shore ;good cooking and attendance.—SMlTH, 1, Crescent-road, Rhyl.

I LANDUEolo.—Superior APARIMENTS, near sea; _LJ splendidly situated.--T. VEAAST, Tan-y-bryn-road, Craigydon.

OUGLA.S.—APARTMILNTS and Furnished Sitting-room, with one or more Bedrooms.—Mrs. IC. Jorms, 14, btanley View.

BLACKPOO &J.—Visitors will find comfortable Apartments at Mrs. DALKE's, 76, Charles-street ; is per day each person; piano.

VIRST-CLASS APARTMENTS, with or without board ; .1 best position in fine health resort.—MEREDITH, High- cliff, Llandrindod Wells.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. EVANS, 65, AlLert-rcaci (very central); _I/ Apartments ; bed and waiting for two, 2s daily, bcard 5s each. Piano.

D HYL.—Very Comfortable APARTMIINTo ; three doors _IL from Promenade; good cooking.—Mae. HAZEL, Heath House. Abbey-street.

ILAND UDNO.—APART3IENTS, minute from promenade _LA and station ; hoard if required.—Mrs GODWIN. York House, Vaughan-street.

MI.OILECAMBIi pubiic or private splendid cycle accommodation.— Mrs. HossuLL, 14, Sea View Parade.

DLACKPOOL.—Near the set; very clean comfortable APARTMENTS.—Mis. HoRBFALL, Yorkshire-terrace, 9, Lytham-road. ILFRACO MBE, 2, Rupertawood.—Mrs. BUTLER, Fur- nished APARTMENTS TO LliT, with good sea view; terms mouerate,

BLaCKPOOL.- Good APARTMENTS. public or private, near sea.—Mr3. CHAMBERS, 11, Alexandra-road, south Shore, Blackpool.

OBECAMSE, West End. Comfortable well-furnished 1_ APARTMENTS (bath),one minute from promerade.- 47, ALEXANDRA-ROAD.

01111ICA 1-leaps, Ivy House. 50, Alexandra IT.L road, W.H. Comfortable Apartments; gcod ueds, near to hea and pier.

ABRILFFRAW, Anglesey.—Furnished APARTMENTS : el ,se to the sea : terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. OWEN, 108, Church-street.

QCARBMIOUGH.—What to eee and how to see it. thus- trated Guide and List of APARMIIINTS.—AppIy W. Z3MITII, 3, York-place.

SOUTHPOILL—Private sitting and double or single bed- rooms for visitors on very reasonable terms.—Mre. JACKSON, 108, Duke-street.

j) .HYL.—APARTP.DiNTS vp ith or without board; terms It" reasonable.—Address airs. JONES, 21, Queen-street, hree doors from promenade. FpLA.miroor..—Mrs. OwEg, Bewaey House, Lord-street, 1.1 North Shore. t. lose to 4tatif.n, :trams, and Sea. (Late of Bewsey-road. Warriukton.

lOLINYN BY (Ivy Done, Lawson-road).—Superior APARTMIINTS ; detached house; near promenade; cycle storage, —Mrs SUCKERS.

XTORTH WALES.— Furnished HOUSE or APARTMENTS 111 TO LET ; house on sale ; central, commodious.— Miss rcPE, Bahama House, Holyhead.

ilipLACKVOOL.—Nlisee3 BRIDGE and rionxEs, Hope House. -LI 26, !Oben-road. Public and Private Apartments. Piano. Near Central Station and sea.

BLACKPOOL —Comfortable Aeccanmodation, with good sea view. MRS. SUTCLIFFE, 14, Bairetow-Street. mar Promenade and Piers. Piano. 14.1.

BLACKPOOL.—MEECH ARD BYGorr, 5, General-street; APARTMENTS; 2s per night two persons ; near sea, station and amusements ; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. GRICE, 27. General-street. from St Helens. Two minutes from Station. sea and Fleetwood cars. Comfortable. Terms moderato.

BLACKPOOL —Comfortable APARTMENTS.' Public or Private; with or without board; piano.—i Sirs. HART and Miss HOLLIDA 31. Victoria-street. D HYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, home from home; 1.1., good cooking; near Promenade and Station.—Mrs. YARDLuY, Sunnyside, Brighton-road.

▪ SLIC OF M&N.—Ballachrink Farm Boarding House, • Dalby. near Glen Pliny ; quiet resort, every comfort, boating, terms moderate.-5. QUANE.

VLACKPOOL.—Mrs. S. FIRTH, Wellington House. 18, ▪ Leopold Grove. off Adelaide-street, close to Winter Gardens and sea ; APARTMENTs, piano. LACK POOL—Misses WARD and FAIRBROTHER, 28, ▪ Vance-road, near Central Station, sea, and all places of amusement ; with or without hoard. TIOUGLAS. 1.0. M.—" The Rosebery," Victoria-street.— Comfortable, well furnished AZARTISIBNIS, centrally situated , terms ncoderate,—Apply 1111P0RE.

iI ORECAMBE.—HomeIy APART MENTS,bed and sitting- .l.li room combined or separate; piano, organ, bath, eleUrio light.—AesviLLE, Balmoral-road. - - A BERYSTWITH. Comfortable APARTMENTS, one 11 minute's walk from the sea. Country and sea view.— MISSES WtTTINGkM. Glencoe, Cliff Terrace.

DOUGLAS. —APARTMENTS with or without Board splendl.4 view overlooking Bay; terms moderate.— KIRICLANDS, Laurel House, Kingswool Terrace, Windsor-rd. COTTAGE TO BE LET furnished, or Apartments ; two Parlours ; three bedrooms, containing five bed-.—Apply to Mrs. DIONAB, Bron Heulog, Valley-road, Llantairfeelaan. --- ISLE OF MAN.—J. CHALMERS.junr., 3, blutford-place, Castle Mona Avenue, off Promenade, Douglas and a few yards fn.= shore. APARTAIeiNTS with or without board. Beds without bo•,rd 2s per night.

APARTMENTS to be LET at Farmhouse; diningrcom and sittingroom, two or three bedrooms if required ; most healthy and bracing air.—Apply T. Moßais. Higher Farm. Hrbistock, near Ituabon, north Wales. •

ETTWS-Y-CORD.—Superior APARTMENT-3, or whole house furnishmi it required; good cooking, lovely situation ; bracing air, perfect sanitary.b athroom room for bicycles ; terms moderate.—Miss DAVIES, Mount View.

aits up tirtbate Erratp.

A LL Sufferers from tape-worrs quickly relieved, particu- -11 Jars free.—Address HIGSON, Box 278, North-street, Nottingham.

PDUES ! PILES. All ufferi ng from Piles get Easelib the Physician's inward effectual remedy, Cured hundreds. Also ointment for outward eczema and all skin itching com- plaints. Post free Is. Id. or both 2s. Itd.—SPEDDING, Bone- setter, Batley, Yorks.

LINUITS, SEEDS, &c. Protect them from birds. Use good sound 1 inch mesh netting. 50 yards for 2s 6d; 3or 4 yards wide. HILL, Net Works, Ashford. Kent.

TO BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lattly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HosEING, 16, Fenwick- street, Liverpool. ___.

1211.1 ED-FISH AND CHIP-POTATO SHOP FITTINGS. 12 New Catalogue ready, 96 pages, 130 illustrations, the Largest and most Up-to Date Book in the Trade. At our Showrooms we have a greater variety of Ranges and Fittings for this particular trade than all the other makers in the United Kingdom put tog6ther. Send three stamps for New Book, post free. MABBoTT, AND (;0., (Dept. Q,) 51, Lever-street, Piccadilly Manchester.

---- CiEFN POULTRY FARM, TALYCAYN P. 0.. North WaIes.—POULTRY, EGGS, and CHICKENS of the undermentioned kinds for disposal : Anconas, Light 13rahmas, Buff Otpingtons, Leghorns, Minotcas. Every sitting of eggs sold this year given satisfaction, some customers sending twice over. Eggs, Is. 6d. a dozen ; 12 Chicks with Hen, Bs. 6d. to 10s. 6d.; Fowls from 3s to ss. 6d. each.-0. RICHARDNON.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA HOUSE HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PRINCIPAL—MIBS KATE B. LLOYD, Assisted by a staff of highly-qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters. (100 D-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education, l_A Finest.position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms. Electric Light. Unsurpassed Health Record. Excel- lent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local references on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

Q 0 UT PORT.--Good Provision BUSINBSS, cheap ; grow- ing neighbourhood; fixtures and stock.—Apply 80, RUFFORII-ROAD, CrO3B6LIS.

ti J.LLINI:4IiX ISUblislikbo, week, kixtures, ecc., OR bale ; LVI ceutral position ; well established : death cause of leaving.—Apply 70, HiGnEtt MARKET-ST., Farnworth,Bolton.

voR iIISPOSAL,a select Private Dressmaking BUSINBSS; 1 house, furniture, and business fixtures; terms moderate. —Apply A. HOLMES. 3, Fenton-street, Lancaster.

CONFECTIONERT (Sweets).— Good-going concern ;nicely- fitted shop ; five-roomed house; low rent ; price £6, ; stock at value; main road. Chester.—Apply BROoK-STREET SWEETERIES. Chester.

CLI_OOD LIVING, Comfortable BEtin HOUSE, Pioneer Inn k.A 32, PIGOTT-STREETVREEICHEYS, Manchester. doing 31 Barrels a week. Bills shown to buyer, .LIED, Groves and Whitnall's ales, price £lOO. good reasons for leaving. TABUSSMAKING—FOR DItiPOSA.L ; that valuable, well established Dressmaking Business, at present carried on by Miss WHITE, at 5, Pinner's Brow. IN arriogton ; thoroughly up-to-date stock at vpluation.—For full particu- lars, apply as above.

JOHN BROWN & CO ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (ESTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLA'ThES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH. JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

MILK, WANTED a Small DAIRY about five Dozen, delivered at Earlestown Station,—Apply Mr. T. CLARKE, Market-street, Barlestown.

NV AR MEDALS WANTED. dated 1843, or earlier. £2 V given ; also round Arctic-Red, River, Firket, Atbart, Matabele, &C.—MAJOR T 031133, Droitwich.

wll Y WORK in unhealthy SHOPS for El when we can show ou how to earn £3 weekly. Write to us at once.—MARVEL btIANITFLCTURILIG Co., Sheffield.

AGENTS WANTED to SELL the Marvel Filter and Splash Preventer ; £3 week easily earne.i.—Write Mexu- FACTURER, Patent Filter Company, Sheffield.

SANITARY Inspectorships.—Candidates thoroughly Pre. pared by Correspondeu3e for Qualifying Haamination, Manchester, 1900 ; all eligible.—Write PEERS. 12, Merridale- crescent, Wolverkampton. (State paper).

Roam Dv Zuttfon.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENP, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. IN ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c.. warehoused.

filarbtHern, etc. pA TENT OF FION MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED ix 1835. Idessr GEORGE DAVIES eC SON have ha 4 mote tnan 4C years personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praetioalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

3L10r5t5, arriagrO. Ztr.

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 9 AUDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

ON' S G Toys G ITON 'S GRATTON'S GRATT ON S rIRATTON'S 131 GRATTON'S GRATTON'S &BATTON'S GRAITON 'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATT ON 'S GRAITON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S RATION'S G

SKELTON'S 1,12.11 ENORMOUS STOCh. OF PRESENTS. SKELION'S LIMITED, HORSEMARRET STREET, WARRINGTON.

COOPER AND CO'S CAKES, SHORTBREAD, BISCUITS (in Fancy Tins) kiiiOOOLATES, COSAQUES (Crackers), DRIED FRUITS Ex, TEAS (in Decorated Tins), LOCAL BRANCH, 44 BUTTERMA.RRET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE. DARGAiNb IN ALI, DNPARTMENTS_,. SEVERAL LOTS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR. EVERY' DESCRIPTION OFI FURNISHING IRONMONGERY AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, 55, BRI DGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS, IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES, WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE!

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. Sim INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £430,000.003. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON ...... Messrs. J. R. Pickmere ,E 4 Son Bridgo-st., Messrs. Woods & bon, Commereial Chambers, 56, Horsernarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21 King-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank-street.

CagO, Voultrp, Szt.

1,,,G9S for sitting from the following pure breeds ef Fowls: _U.4 Black Mi..orcas, White Leghorns, Black Leghorns, Brown Legborns, Buff Leghorne, Red Caps, Blue Andalu- shins. Anconas, lioudens. Indian game, Silver Wyandottes, Golden Wvandottes, Buff Cochins, White Brahmas, Lanes - shire Buffs, Langshans, Plymouth Rocks (barred), Buff Orpingtons, Blocs Orpingtons, Indian Runner Ducks. Eggs as usual, all one price, viz. :-2s 6d per sitting to those who fetch them ;3s packed and put on rail. An inspe3tion cor- dially invited. Come and see them. All clear eggs replaced at lIENRY DRAPER'S, Mather-laney, Lowton, near Newton-le- Willows. Five minutes walk from Lowton, St. Mary's Station. No business done on Sundays.

CYCLES, CYCLES, BARiIit.INS, 150 J CYCLES I Free to any address, the most interesting and complete list of 1,500 Machines POST FREE. Single Machine at Wholesale Trade Price. New and secoad-hand Machines from 30s. etch. 500 New, latest. 1900, Gept t Pneumatic Safeties. Marvellous Prices. 500 Ladies' new latest 1900 pattern— Single Machine at Wholesale Price. Write for Large List. Post free to anyone. Agents wauted. Marvellous Bargains Send for List. WARRILOW & CO., Cycle Manufacturers, Weston-super-Mare.

HOLIDAYS. HOLIDAYS. HOLIDAYS. SPEND THEM ON A MAZEPPA CYCLE. PRICES FROM t 7 TO 114• Any Machine can be had on easy Payments System. REPAIRS! REPAIRS! REPAIRS ! ! ENAMELLING AND PLATING. Business hours 9to 7.30. Saturdays 9to 9. Telephone 7228. Catalogues Post Free. MAZEIT..A. CYCLE COMPANY, 103, CAZNEAU-3TREET, LIVERPOOL.

WHITSUNTIDE AND sUMMER HOLIDAYS. Reliable Cycles, reliable work and moderate prices are our Special Line. GENT'S SAFETY FREE WHEEL RIM BRAKE £lO 10s. GENT'S SAFETY STANDARD £8 10s. LADY'S 10a. extra. Every machine fully guaran- teed. Return railw ‘3, fare paid to purenasers. SLADE'S ONLY ADDRESS 21 C OLQUITT OT., BOLD Sr., LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1886. 46-0 qi "r' J.HE L LYST tl HE 12 LYST." Leading Machines in Lancashire. GEORGE LLOYD AND CO., 20. PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL. All machines built on the Premises. Celebrated B.S.A. fittings. Palmer and Dunlop tyre. jointless hollow rim s,Appleby's chains.half inch and inch pitch highly enamelled and brilliantly plated. Superior finish and guaranteed for twelve months. £lO 10S, GLEI ALSO THE'. _U LYST " SPECIAL £7 I_OS. All kinds of Cycles repalied at the shortest notice. o,ter covers and inner tubes (new) 17s 6d. GEAR CASES NEW. FROM 3s 3d. Accessories of all kinds kept in stock. Deal direct with us and save 53 per cent, wholesale and retail.

TRIUMPH CYCLES, £lO 10s. AN, £l5 15s. THE SOLE AGENCY FOR THESI; WORLD-FAMOUS CYCLES HAS NOW BI?,EN TRANSFERRED TO EnculN GS, LTD., 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CAUTION.—T.RIUMPH CYCLES advertised and Bold by otter firms are obsolete patterns, ma do not carry our guarantee.

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. £lO JO s AND 215 15 WITH 1130 DUNLOP TYRES WARRINGTON Agents. Mersey Cycle Co., Bridge-street. FRODSHAM ~ T. Booth, Rock Terrace. ST. HELENS „ A. H. Smith. 23, Corporation-st. EARLESTOWN „ Churchill and Co., 34, Market-st. WIDNES „ W.H oughtou,St• Michael's Ter. Ditton LYMM „ H. Copeland, Cycle Depot. LIVERPOOL „ Hitching, Limited, Duke-street. MANCHESTER DEPOT: 134, DEAD/24AM TYRES. TYRES. TYRES. OLD Worn-out OUTER COVE.' RE-RUBBERED and CANVASSED and made equal to new 103 6d each. All kinds of CYCLE RUY:ItiER GOODS stocked, T‘ade supplied. Best price given for WASTE RUBBER. POLLARD AND CO., LTD. INDIA RUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

UNAPPROACHED. UNEQUALLED. UNSURPASSED. / RS. A. CYCLES, Built of genuine stamped B.S.A. fittings weldlesa steel tubes, lin or ?kin. pitch roller chain, jointleas hollow rims, Clincher tyres, or Westwood rims and Dunlop tyres, any shape handle bar. Machine complete and guaranteed to you for 12 months. We challenge the world in price, style, and finish. ALL WE ASK—X 9 1,7 Cash, or Easy 1.1 S. D. Terms arranged. Special Machines for Military, Police. sad Postoffice purposes. We stock everything connected with Cycles and Cycling. Wilts for Descriptive Catalogue, post free. RELIANCE CYCLE DEPOT. 17, MANCHEtaER-STRtiliT. LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CYCLE SALE. SPECIAL BARGAINS FOR WHITSUNTIDE, 1403 CYCLES MUST BC SOLD, REGARDLESS OF COST. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. Cl ALEIGHS, OSMONDS, BARDS, ETC. ALSO OUR FAMOUS HARDIE CYCLES, LADIES OR GENTS PRICES FROM £7 15s. MUST BE SEEN TO BE BELIEVED. Call and Inspect the Largest Stock of Cycles In England. SECOND HAND CYCLES FROM £3. HARDIE LIMITED, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ALSO AT 182. GRANGE-ROAD, BIRKENHEAD, 303 c, LORD-STREET, SOUTHPOR . Repairs by Experienced Workmen. Plating and Enamelling done on the Premises.

PATRON: HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN. PRESIDENT: COLONEL C. M. ROYDS, M.P. 61:‘lirke: -JVc ANNUAL SHOW • /44tittirbis AT AlVt .e.e Nto. ROCHDALE, `1%,c111 JULY 26TH, 27TH, AND 28TH, 1900. £2,532 IN PRIZES, exclusive of a large number of Gold and Silver Cups and Special Prizes FOR ALL CLASSES OF LIVE STOOK. DOGS, POULTRY, PIGEONS, EGGS, HONEY, BUTTER-MAKING COMPETITIONS, ttc. ENTRIES CLOSE JUNE 25ra. PRIZE LISTS FROM JAMES BIRCH. Castle•street, Liverpool. Secretary.

WANTED, immediately good COOK-GENERAL; wages £l6 to £lB Young Housemaid kept. Satisfactory references indlspensable.—Write Mrs. MoriK-JorrEs, Church- road, Huyton.

- - WANTED, by a single lady, a good GENERAL, able to cook, wash and iron; also Housemaid, able to wait and to help with wt,shing.—Apyly Miss GEzEttuP,Heathside. Knntsford.

youß OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS TEA AND COFFEE SETS Re-plater/ with pure itilver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN yEAlis in first-class quality. J • AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-I'LEA6ANT, LIVERPOOL, JRWIILS, BROOOIIES. LOCKETS, .to.. • RE-GILT, from 6d.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINESC DRUGS. THAT (JAN BE PROCURED. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN.- CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE, CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, whicia je 4 wrapped in a square greeu package. by Post tor 14 or 3 stamps.

THE EXA IN Eli, JULY 6TEE 1900.

THE CHANGEABLE WEATHER- The fickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which essumiug at first the form of only a slight indispoeition if neglected and nheeded may become the germ of serious discast s. which will undermine the constitution, an C finally result in a long aril lingering illness, and perhaps termieate fatally. Toe variable temperature and toe changeable weather of the last month or so. makes it incumbent on all et us to exercise wise and pru- rient precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Alreauy we frequently hear such complaints as" No appetite," " These frequent headaches," " This languid feeling," and dozens of other expressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none which have been so unitormly successful as Gwilym Evans'Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This pre- paration is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of The Age for Nervousness, Weakness, Chest Affections, Palpi- tation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint and Influenza. The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who had long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies, can be accounted for by simply stating the effect which Crwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. 2nd. It strengthens that part cf the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases. 3rd. It purifies the blood, and thus gives new life ated force to all parts of the body, for disease can- not exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood. 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organs, and to the liver, tbus aiding to keep away Indigestion, and the host of different forms of disease which result from it. sth. By removing impurities, strengthenicg the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood, the human frame is well fortified to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effecive action of Gwilym Evans' Qeinine Bitters. 'The Vegetable Tonic. Sold ' everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 61. each, or will be sent Carriage free for these prices, direct frem the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company. Limited, Llanelly,l3outh Wales. Beware of imitations. See that you get the genuine Peeparation with the came" Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle without which nene is genuine.

ORIOle(ET.

rn 1 Nii 7 i-,qpii, el up ilt -.-• - i sip:4 n, vivilo,&au 4 IsP.p. 32, LORD STREET, f k LIVERPOOL. , Lancashire County, Players. and All England XI. THEREFORE PRACTICAL. Write for Catalogue, FREE. All orders executed same day, Carriage Paid. 'MIME GOOD LINES IN °RICKEL' GOODS. The " Suggcess " " Klyn- " County." Club. ker." Cricket Bats ... 173. 6d. Balls s. 6d. Boots Leg Guards Gauntlets Batting Gloves Is. 6d. Bags Stumps ...... ... 63. 9d.. ...... 53. 01. Shirts Trousers Sweaters Rubber Handles is. W. ...... ls. 01. Running Pumps, 4s. 91.. 63. 61. Proctor's Best, 9s. 91. Running ‘lc Cycling Suits, 2s. 61.. 3s. 61., 53., 75.61. the suit. Air Guns, 3s. 11d..43. 61., 55. 91., 75.6.1. • and 103. 61. EVERY ARTICLE WARRANED.

/I 80. G. BUSSEY .16 CO.'S famed manufactures. Incom- -1.3- parable "Demon Driver "Bats. Every requisite for Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. Every requisite for Lawn Tennis. Best Value Croquet. Modest or Superb. High Grade Golf Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask local Sports Outfitters for their Cstalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 and 33 QUEEv VICTORIA-STREET, or 213. Regent St., London. Factories: Peakham, London; and Elmswell. Suffolk. -- IV Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office Bewsey-street. Warrington, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted --- WARRINGTON v. CHEETHA.32.---& drawn game was the re- sult of the match at Cheatham on Saturday. Score : OSEETHLar. WAIIRINGTON. W R Sinclair b E A Connor 1 G Clarke b P H Sinclair 1 T H Sincia r b Thewlis...... 1 Thewlis not out ve Parker b B A Connor ... 0 J Callon not out Collinge b Thewlis ...... 0 J P Phasey b Thewlis 4 C H bar b Bibby 2O W Tinker lbw b Thewlis W Allen c Podmore b Clarke 26 A Naylor not out 1 C R Bolton lbw b Clarke E Robinson b Clarke 0 Extras ........... 3 Extras 2 Total * 63 Total BOWLING ANALTSIS. CHEETHAM WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Thewlis E A Connor lO 3 13 2 W Parker 6 3 9 0 J W Bibby G Clarke 3.51 8 3 WARRINGTIN 2ND V. CHEETHA3t 2ND.—PTayed at Warring- ton on Saturday. Rain stopped play. Score: CHEETHAM. Mercer b B Pierpoint Dipole c Hind b Crompton Soudea lbw b Crompton 3 Griffiths not out Milson c PI 'duck b Czompton Parker c and b B Plerpoint 0 Tinker c Bibby b Crompton Ferguson not on* Extras 6 Total 97 C.L.C. 2ND xr. v. FLIRFIRLD.—PIayed on the growed of the former. Haigh. for the visitors, played a magnificent innings, on a most treacherous wicket. and Howard did like- wise for the homesters. Boardman bowel splendidly for Fairfield. ricore : FAIRFIELD. • C.L.C. 2ND xi. Nield c Wilson b Deeley... I F Deel,y b Boardman 4 Whittaaer b Warhurst 2 Howard b Boardman...... 16 Steel b Deeley 0 Bell b *geld Harrington b Warhurst... 2 E Warhurat iardman... 1 Bo srdman o Wilson b Dee- A Warhurst b Boardman... 0 lay 1 Hamblett b Boardman 1 , Haigh c Dutton b War- A Jenks b Boardman.. I burst Ball b Deeley . Brandreth lbw Deeley 0 B Deeleyc Haigh b Tielst e Dale b D eley 0 Dutton a Bali b Nield 0 Parr b Deeley Taylor not oot 3 Extras 5 Extras Total 37 Total 24 LYMM S ;Ilion V. WoRKINGI MEN'S MISaIoN (WARRINGTON) —At Heatley, Lymm Grammar School, Rev .7 Evans 5, II A W Moulder 2, T Newton 0, T H Clements 30. R Thorp. 3, W Heatheote, 9. it Cartwright 0, T Saville 0. R Meldrum 0, R Bibb,ge 0. J Steltox (not out) 0. extras 4. total 46. Working Men's Mission: P Dixon 0, G Gough 4, J Harding 0, B Taylor 0, S Hassell I. J Pioton 0, W Bennett 22, W Dunn 0, W Morris 0, R Oxley 0, Hesketh (not out) 0, total 27. BARLE3ToWN v. LtvERFooL.- Played at Algbarth on Saturday. Liverpool went to the wickets first,and the game was progressing very satisfactorily for Earlestown, when with 6 wickets down, rain put an end to further play. Score LIVERPOOL. B Roper b Jenkinson 23 F W A Weaver b Davies K B Thompson et Greenall b Alderson ll it Stewart Brown b Alderson 0 J Bingham b Crowther C W S Patterson run out M Ashcroft not out Rev It Ainslie not out Extras 9 Total for 6 wickets NEwTcf-LE-WILLOWS V. LElGE.—Played at Leigh on Saturday. Score : LEIGH. Mayall (oro) c Turton b Huish .. 4 j W llnsworth b Mulch 32 E Williams c Carson b Mitchell l3 Williams (pro) b Tu.-ton • 64 J W Turner b Huish l4 W Stuart c Williams b Huila) 4 J 31 Pass b Turtou W Hindley not out T Garslde not out S Wilson, I H Hilton did not bat Extras Total 166 Match abandoned at above total through rain. NEwToN-LE•fi/ILLows 2ND LEIGH 23n3.—P1ayed at New- ton on Saturday. Score : NEWTON. W Dudgeon b Williams H Barr C Williams b Vearson F Harrison b Pearson J Pendry c Jackson b Williams 7 H P Hindley b Pearson E Perry c Jackson b Pearson 0 T Dudgeon b Williams H itylance not out W Wilkinson not out T Coo.e, T Gee. did not bat Extras 1 Total for 7 wicketa Match abandoned through rain. NORTHWIcH V. FRoDSHAM.—Northwich gained a victory by a majority of 41 runs. bCOrd F tioDSHADI • NoRTHwICii. Wright b Woo is • 0 Newhall b Jeacoek l7 Linaker b Woods 7 Harper b Jesco..ik 3t Kennerie.v b Newhall 3 Molyneux not out Howard no out Selby c Hughes b Woods.- 0 Hughes c Ashworth b Cross c Doughty b Newhall 8 Wright Boston b Woods Rogers b Newhall Posnett b Wo scis 1 W Burgess b Keane lay— 3 Ashworth b Woods.. 0 Gatley not out . 1 Jeacock b Woods 0 Extras 5 Extras 6 36 Total 77 OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Gospel Hall. On Sunday the preacher was Mr. A. Lorimer of Man- chester using the 14th chap. of 11. Samuel and Korn. 319 26' as the subject. Toe story of Absalom's return to his father David alter murdering his brother Amnon. The problem which David could not solve of how to bring back his beloved son and yet satisfy justice was saved by/God in Romans iii. David's heart yearned after his son but as a king he must mete out justice without partiality and justice for Absalom meant death. For four or five years he tried but could no: knd at last affection got the best of his ju igrnen: an i Absalom was restored only to turn out a rebel and a curse. God to-day seeks the wanderer and can save such because Jesus satisfied all the claims of justice.

1 KEEPS THE SKIN COOL 0 AND <iv,. . _ _ REFRESHED t.S' 1i '‘ ~.,I!, ..,, 4 . ,• ~ $ ~ s. , • , ~,„ 1... .., ~,,,, , ~. . ~.,..„. entirely' ' • ,-. removes ,& .:, , 1 • 10 prevents all , SUNBURN, HEAT, 1 4 41 . . ' IRRITATION& ROUGHNESS.II - Bottles M.BEETHAM 8, SON. i 6 c1...15.. and 25.6 d. CHELTENHAM.

'T;sts _ 7i —4 . I ' = - 'iiii- - - - _ DELICIOUS. WHOLESOME. REFRESHING, FLAVOURED WITH RIPE FRUIT JUICES. DR. GORDON STARLE3, R.N. "No home is complete without these pure and excellent Jellies, which add to our helth and luxury.' 14IRDIOAL PIE iS : " Claivers' Jellies are to be commended for the delicacy of thsir flavour, and for their ab4olute purit7." GRA.NVILLR H. oiiiißPH, F.C.S. "Of the highest standard of purity and excellence." 40 Flipp S ,pLE on receipt of postcard. , S. Chivers and Sons, IListo, Cambridge. I- - - - yr - • . -•- __ - - t • - - • . - 4 • _ - —•.- lEE le=-- ,r , -

To w LE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for • COUGHS, Trno vars CHLORODYNE Consumption. BRONCHITIS I. OWLE'S CHLORODYNE / N tajWri A , rriTSpasms' OWLE'S CHLORODYNE DI LIIREICEA . tOW LE'S CHLORODYNE 24 doses for 2s. .......__ ASK FOR TOwLR'S : 'PARR NO OTHER.

" . Art nEWARD. We guarantee to supply the Public with a B.S.A. Cycle unlit of genuine B.S.A. fittings, all parts stamped by B.S.A. PeoPie. Weldness steel tubes, roller chain, any gear. fitted th Dunlop, Palmer, Warwick. or Clincher tyres. jointless hollow or Westwood rims. In design, lightness, finish, and terability we challenge the world. Our price for cask. w-U 17s 6d. We have decided to sell our cycles at WHOLE- bALE PRICES, thus placing a high-class bicycle within the teach of all. We possess unique business facilities which tnable us to outdistance all competitors. ,See our windows for Cycle Avessories. We hold the largest IT2k, and the only firm who can supply you from a BALL to MOTOR CAR. Repairs, Plating, and Enamelling to the Trade. COLOSSAL CYCLE AND MOTOR STORES, 17, MANCHESTER-STREET LIVERPOOL.

BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 1/4 QUALITY NOW 1/6 THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE Bugs HALF-A-POUND THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALFA-POUND THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND Tim NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF •A-POUND TEE NIMBLE NINEPENCE BUYS HALF-A-POUND THE NIMBLE NINEPENCE B ys HALF-A-POUND 30,000 AdENTS SELL IT 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT 30,000 AGENTS SELL ll' 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED2PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE PAY NO MORE THAN THE LABELLED PRICE BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BROOKE, BOND'S TEA BOND 8; Co.. LTD.. Tea Merchants by Appointment to the People, 17, PICCADILLY, 12 A 14, LONG SIILLGATE. } ANCIIESTER, and at Leeds, Bradford and London.

OANARIFF4.—D. CLARK AND SON have the largest and best appointed show rooms in England. vver 1,000 in stock. All varieties. The most reliable house trarie. COOKS. singing (guaranteed) trom 6i.,IIENS, —4l SHAW-STREET, LIVERPOO tIRD SEEDS. —We supply all the leading fanciers and judges. Spanish 4 quarts. is. 2d. ; Turkish, 10d.: 9d ; Inga, Is 2d. ; Rape. is. 2d. ; Linseed, is. • "Iced. is. and Is 2d. ; Maw Seed, 40. per lb• Special tstio ns for large quantities.-64, SHAW-STREET, 'vXI2I,OOL.

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. M • MASSY, FRUITERER AND FLORIST, COVERED MARKET, AND AC ON GRANGE NURSERIES WARRINGTON. DESSERT FRUIT A SPECIALITY. Vresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables froaarden bailY. Orders by Telegram and Letter receive every care an `-‘l)%pt attention. TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS : MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTON.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. AIANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Cbanot), 37. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED FOE THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING aND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TtNs, Is. AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALRP.S. SAMPLE TINS DY PDST is, 3D. AND ED. EACH. J. Ho AND S. JOHNSON, 6, S, AND 10, WIIITECHIPEL, LIVERPOOL.

ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. TBE BEST TFIE w'ORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7S. C)D. AND 10S. 6D. 481 LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON __- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be poo, ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows b-45 a-rn.—Wigan. 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m. —Ly n, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m. —Bewley, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, btretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Mannhester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London' Southern and South-Western Counties Central. South Wales. and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle Ma. turn,—Manchester, Bolton. Oldham, North I,Vate4 and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool. Preseot, Southport, Birkenheau, Orniskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southooct, Ormskirk, Beth, Borist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth. Yorkshire, Mancheste S-East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wlgan Bolton 2-15 p.m. --Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwieh Nantwich and Sanubach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm. Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and We U.S.Arnerica 6-15 pan.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland LI rerpool,Birkenhead Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign ..etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thurzdays when the 3-45 ein,delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jarnes Jordan Hours o f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. )Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The Teleftraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to BE, is ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30. and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp,

-- •., frs,, ' ,•; t fLA":,;;‘,I ~,,11a141,,y,.-1.L1A1.L‘,.... „..,.....:(44<„,',A-t7--.7ZA--,. ' -; iO.-, ' .7.; .L.lO- „ k`..„............„...: ....,1 • it (,:,,,---2/...i r ~,ki,„._ ~_ . . ...4_,,,,..\.44,44,,,,,,_ ,3. .._,,,,),„,k ,_,ii c.„,,:':`,7,71'17-", 4.17, ..\'"••••,... .§,.4,41.7 I <:!,:..., ~,,,,,„gv - • • ..•, • t''' A Pt ;(; ,t4g..t.*A :• • ' ,Vio ~ rf':i',...:„4ici, • ` ei' '''' ,:,,. 7,4 ••.. , 24 '-': . ,g .17.44 i '.:‘, t',..._. ''.; .:41"11:017,,,&" , cr, ,:,' --t.t:eA r" . "A ,t 4,, ....T.g.t. 3.4. t- ',.. • k.• ~......, !,•`,

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

PURVEYORS BY \ TOTaNEERQMULAJ6EN!Ty APPOINTMENT . . .... , . . Jt , BUR • WS Y . ... .. . .., . , . , . . . . t AND . - BROWNS ... „,.. , ~ . . a t. . s ~, • • 1 ic .., %if, .'• ' •"' , -:.'2,'Y ~ .. :-. - . . ."41:•:';'‘:' MANCHESTER: ARDWICK GREEN, .• '.4.: '

Specially Prepared for the Use of Cyclists. TINS 1/- & Eci. f m all Dealers. Sample This by Post 1/3 & Bd. 4.-11 ,e‘v JOHNSON'S THE SAME OIL Lights Brilliantly! Lubricates Perfectly! A It has many incomparably Good Points, which will soon impress them- selves upon you if you give the Oil a trial, MANUFACTURED BY J. 'H. & S. JOHNSON, 6, 8 & 10, WIUTECHAPEL & 7, CHURCII STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxPB. is. lid. (56 pills) and 28. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

9,s a wonderful waterprootertu * A BOOTS 8; HARNESS. So f tens and preserves the leather A .0.4. itrAPii,•= cW Pleasant odour, allows.pollsh. ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. T .I.4teL Tins zd.. ad., II- 67. 216 of Boot i , IF ir t Makers, Saddlers, Ironntoneeors , : , 6,,c. Manufactory Dulwich, '''' ^ 7 .2 s .r London.

HAVE you A BAD LEG wn:iurrowuonVdswringischaten and dostwhoefiweniset:h,pezhneeini you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the Im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remeuies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis - coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may hove ettended various hospitals aid had medic ii advice, an i oeen told your case is hooeless, or advised to submit to am putation ; but do not. for I 01. N CURE YOU. I don't sn perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is n reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Orde for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBSRT, 73, F dRRINGDON- STREET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILIA which isa certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols ie.' Hand P unions. Registered Copyright.)

FOR THE BLOOD :S THE, LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD 4::',IXTORE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to Aight,and we can with the utmost contidencd recommend it 0 our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever rouse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and 81000 Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary fllous. It is the only real specific for Gout auto Rheurna ..I.c Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and ones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and 8. each of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamp 3 by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG OMPANY LINJOL N. Beware of worthless inztations. (IYCLES. BARGAINS. -- I,boo . , —k.) MACHINES, New and Second- ' handf rorn 30s. each,Agents WANTED )11111 •!=', ' _ 1* wholesale list free any address.— k s-,•:, \<, WARRILOW & COMPANY, Weston ......,,i.,....,,,. • .......„, super-Mare, 1

Rl/1 TE :HARNisiss ._ 1.3. 7 , .. , ~K 1 Liglife ~.. ~. . f ‘ . . .....t. 14 . L 1 - 1.4 Or post free for Postal Order to JOHN CALABRESE & CO., ID., 6 Billiter Bldgs. Billiter St. LONDON.

• o - crGs t imp A )oNothing steadies the nerves is-Di and clears the brain 1 like, a ' strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Ess?,nce. In bottles from all Grocers. c? _D ot _999 2.2..9.9.1=9.9-9.99.91.5L91151

SYM I N GTON'S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, From all Grocers. CUARANTEED PURE, 100

___ d, ;/ ir ww if id 1.5/. . „ ill ,1 •I I ' i ii , RI , 111 ya) __: v _..,* il4i(rii,.." . e4tool #‘l4\4),, , Amp.. \iip,, , 17.41STLRLD , t I 'I ~ . 6 8z 1010ifeelia„ Unmet! L IAFTO.O., 4,...,_ , . ....„, ,

WO FV7K-E AA GLDE VI t>.:l' r, .- * -:- 40. , • 7.•""44 74:551k • 1-. 1 '''` kv 447 Figa,aei ,1") 44 - ~,,Tri --: g„.„ " sot tial,,,, FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SiCk Eleadailhe OPllStipa.tion, IfElnd,

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the w orld as the most safe an a speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumttism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blool with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTER DE ROOS. LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. lid. and 23. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Holford-square. London, W.C. WILLIAM BAYLIFFI Billiard Table Maker. - - • _ _re Tables Re-Cushioned, Re-Clothed, and Set. Cues, Balls, Lips, &a., in stock. Various designs of Tables in stock. Patentee of the Two-liAlit Billiard Pendant. Estimat-t. Free. 9, Tyrer street, Hou-hton Street Estal,liatiei , Liverpool. 72.

THE NEW FRRNCH REMEDY. THERAPION. Li:ohpis4isaurceer:ernfuedl yand,, shigelLly. ployed in the Continental Hospitals `sy Ricord tiostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everytning hitherto employed for impurity of Uhl blood, spots, lotches, pains and swell- ings of tilt joints, kidney, kladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, diaunar4es, pies, gr wet. pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaust on,sleeplessnass,neryou, and physical debility, etc. Theraolun is prepare iin tivee liffsrent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to dise ills for which intended. Full p rticulars send stamped adiressed envelope , _for phampliiet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFaRD-SQLIiRE, LONDON, W.O.

.. !b' , • • '-' P > - . CURE , i I . From the first dose of Ozaetne fits cease. It has cured PERNf ANEMIA' the very w,rst cases of Epilepsy when every other remedy bad failed. Price 4.5. 6d. and 1.1.5.. Post Free. Thousands of Testimonials. Send for a Free Sample Bottle, and test U. Write to—(Department 7) I. W. PT ICI-71431Y, 7L., Pharmaceutical Chemist. 25. High Street. Belfast.

yt ; ;''''.4lf,ii-E",:t:'::-',..,`',:;•' v,s), iulcair CORRECT ALL LEREGVLARITIES, REMOVE ALL 01 ,IRIICTIONs, CW.I reiieve the distressing symptoms to jr. milent with the sex. 80xe5,1414,f,::319 (contains threo times the quantity`„ of all Cherniqts. Sent anywhere on receipt of 1:7; or 31 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE fc Cc., IviatMfa:Aurcrs, Dryden- St., Nottingham. i Pr.rar ' ef Innoatinn.. tnjurinug and P-mr-Orsr. ,

A BOON TO WEAK MEN N originally rcientific means of Curing Nervous Debility :1 and its 'Various Physical and Nervous Ailments, with- out the use of Nauseous to mach Medicines. The Methwi is easy and sere. and a Permanent and Mee tive Cure is Ensured in all cases of Weakness in Young an Old Men. A fully Explanatory Pamphlet sent scaled,post free,stamps —Address, C. D. MURRAY, 7, bouthanapton Row, High Holborn. London, W C.

0, „ , T.:-;1; ' 4 -'-'7) F ri ~ ~ ; r‘t FIA Ift 5 r'*-''.--2, . q cf,A , •.cia r•:4 4 ' `'" '' .- - ---1, , li- 14 ..,.. 1k.,;, ~ ~. „,. \ , :, el‘i , v 6 . ' , tiF, :•4 , '!' 1 . 'n 4 ' ''.l 4 '1 .1 , ' ' -' i aik ' ' ' ' L g 34 - 4 _,; . 4 ~ • , 4i. 6 7." t'r .44 ',s4.lt, ci \t,.. CURES BROEICEEETIEZ ?I,STEIME, INFrAuRiazA, 4 , Goaqns,.Colds, Sore Ifitut, Qaitsy, Ade L - CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY- &c. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE T a ELT m ENT OF St Iff Jasirttss Epreadras, Muivrts, Scalds, :::-..aid. EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Kant:factored only at 78, New oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vei

~. ~...., i, ....,, ... 'So Ot, Svortsmext 4, Atble.tes. . 4 . HOLBORN, ... . k •Af *, ..;:t. .f!,l. i 0 hi tc, - ': ' :". ''' ! ' -.. .-7 I; • a - • i • . ,P:'-' i 124 ''. • il' ."0 ' ,tiNZ- taiE LONDON, E. t'. the World-wide Dealers in Sporting and Rmtic Outfits. 1 eseeoerocaoca 1 V V. 64 ~. .--.equlvra-1 for ' CRICKET, TENNIS, CYCLING, GOLFING, HOCKEY, P3LO, FOOTBALL, CROQUET, PHOTOGRAPHY, FISHING, &c.: &c., &c., AND RECREATIVE AMUSEMENTS OF ALL KINDS. 1 Playing Gauds!, Parlleur sautes, and Everyttreirtg fur- Eridaor numseracuaz,.. • ........... ' EVERYTHING of the Latest! EVERYTHING of the Best! 00000 ....... Illustrated and Descriptive Catalogue sent post free. PROMPT ATTENTiON OEN TO COUNTRY ORDERS. Orders over Pis. Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). A. W. EMIR LP I{OIBARN LONDON, E.O • .„.,..:y. A-

-- THONIAS DRUG STnREi. 113, IINGiLA.ND•I46I.I). LoNoor. N. 8.. Genito•Urinarv, Qkin end Blood DiseKses. Los., of Nerve Power. 'Varloslele And Allied Troubles, cured by qpealAl tr.atrnent.—Puticu:a-s post free.

HARMAN BREW, 121, London Road, LIVERPOOL, Is now Showing a very large variety of FASHIONABLE TO QuES At 11/9 each. Black and all New Colors.

WANTED, respectable GIRL about 16 or 17.—A.ddress 56, LANSDOwNE-ROAD. West Didsbory. Manchester. ViTANTRD, good GIiNI6tAL. awl e.b to ; 110 wa.umg ; V Protestant.—Mrs. DROWN, Brookfield, Hough Green, Widnes. WANTED, at once, a stronz GIRL, as COOK GtINBRAL, sages £l.—Apply Mrs. BRNEST KEMPSEY, titCek- brook . Oldham.

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT for clergyman's lions five in family ; £ls.—Apply Mrs. LAWRENCE, Hop street. Acorington

'WANTED. 30th June, good plain COOK ; two S hropsbir girls kept. —Apply to Mrs. fiestuaon, Culat ore Wbitefield, Manchester. WANTED. strong GENERAL ShRVANT ; not required to wash; ood wages.—Address Mrs. liarTonycLL. 34, Avenue Parade Accrin ./ ton.

10/ ANriti). experiet.ced 000K-GANNRAL ; ttuubernaid V kept: good wages. —BROOM MOUNT, George-street, Cheetham Hill, Manchester. QUITED FREE. WANTED at once good GENERALS goo.l homes, gcod wages waiting.—Apply 22, Crofts Bank-road, Urmston, Manchester.

IV-ANTED. COOR-GENEH AL ; small family; fare paid V V comfortable home, good wages ; housemaid kept reference.—S:, OXFoRD•RoaD, Birkdale,:&outhport. lATANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT for country V bee, house, good wages to competent person • oGuntry girl preterred.—apply personally or by letter to Mrs. josareoN 2G6, Eli Bess-lane, St Helena.

lIDLA.OKPOOL, APARTMENTS, Ma. ROGFR3,I6, Poiain 13 road. Day trippers provided for. Close to Talbot road Station.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs BIABDwow. 31. York-street. u..rn- ) fortable Apartments ; close to Central Pier and Station; piano, bath, Bco.

RS. B P4PSON, Hungerford House, 4) Sea View INI Parade, Morecambe W J. Apartments, bath, piano, cycle accommodation.

I LANDUDI7O. eomf,rtabie AVARTMEiNTS, near pro- IA menade. Well-aired beds, terms reasonable.—Misses STRATTON, Fron Dirion, liosebery Avenue. Ora,ig-y-don, Llandudno.

rILAI-FAWR FARM, RRDIVRARF BAY. A.NGLBSRY.— APARTMNNTS. quietly situ ted, facing the sea, and within a few minutes' walk from the beach Two Sitting and three Bedrooms.—Apply Mrs. William HUGHES.

TIRLJIHIEBN(IROUtCIY, and RABBIT BUSIN.E6S for DISPOSAL-34. GLOUCESTER-STREET, Ilegent-road. Salford. NATANTED j3kItMAID, nhoto., also Nursemaid, to assist V in light work.--21noi P. Mack Bull St. Helene. WANTIM tor oftl,„.e work <40., good wags, yearly advance.—Apply by letter A. U. LEE, Tapestry Work, Brick-stre.t, Warrington. ti-iiTLENIANLY hiA.N wants post as COMPANION VT ATTENDANT ; certified nurse ; biglwat, teattmonta's ; travelied.—RlCHAßDSoN, 51 Gill-street, Pembroke Place, Liverpool.

A CH4NGE FOR THE BETTER ia the change you want when the blood get nut of cendition, and Dr. J.Lcon TOWNSEsTeS SARSAP 6RILLA. prrfOrMB the needful with splendidly pleasing efficacy and comfort. TRY IT. Vclunaes emaldn't say more.— Advt. THE GREAT REMEDY. • -104 I le° „ 4 3El° X.aL FOR GOUT. itHHUAIATIS vt bUIATWA, LUMBAGO. The excrpciating Ftin is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe an effective. All Chemists and Stores at is. lfd. and 2a. 9 per box

BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. , JoRooKE, Bows TtA.. BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. JOHN WESLEY managed to save £5O a year by cutting off - his tea supplies. This he did after he lied been in the habit of drinking tea for 27 years. If the celebrated divine were living at the present time he would find it a great sacrifice to deprive himself of his comforting cup, and would not save much by doing ro, flr - Ersooicre. BOND'd " Nicht Acceptab.e " Tea— the tea that is delightfully fragrant and re- freshing-04n be obtained for so sin iU a Lu u as 1/6 the lb. 30,C00 AGENTS SW:di IT. POLL WEIGHI' WITHOUT THE PAPER. BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. • BROOKE, BOND'S BROOKE, BOND'S rrEA. -

• FOR F/RST-CLASS VA.TI3 DENTISTR:Y. Tam. Appointments unnecessqry, but may b° arranged. frEETH. All consultations roe. TEETH. Each patient informr r bt-florelland the cos wort TEETH. Gold arcs. ether fillings at moierste charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH.. Painless lix,;raVrno ass tixtrto by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exert. of the late J. 114 PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM ! MANCHESTER 4G, MOSL3Y-STIUgI (Telephone 1660). ST. TIEL ENS .GEORG EnSTRE a • MONDAY, 9 urn. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. B4IDUS-STR,E'%r -TUmSDAY. 2 p.m. WA Ii.RINGTON SANKia-STRE WEDNESD IY, 2 to 5. RUNCO'IN 3l, BiclDGe:-STREBr THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH 18, APPI4!I;MAIuE -r-s-ral4l-41 FRIDA.Y, 11 tc. 12 nd I to 5.

FRIARY GRI,II3N, Warrington Om. )site Arpley Stßt'i'!%. Also at MANCHRSTRR-ROAD, (late Esaeutegh',' S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL scuLeToßs. MARBLI,I MASON4t, &Co Makers of all kinds of Chitnnev -Piece3, llanarn°3.re, Tombs. TAbiete, Pulpita, Ponta. Dead,. ton es in Onto,' Marble, and Stone. Designs and tistimar4*..3 Free. es LETTER CUTTING, AND .CLIRIA.NMG XfT ONUMENTti A S.I•I4OIALITY.
