===== 0002601_19000928_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ACCORDANCE WT EI INSTRUCTIONS RECEIVED FROM

COUNCILLOR JOHN OROSFIRLD OF WALTON LEA

===== 0002601_19000928_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE WILL BE A

FREE DISTRIBUTION

OF HYACINTH BULBS To Workingmen and Workingwomen residing witbiu the

Borough of Warrington on FRIDLY NEXT, THE STH OCTOBER, 19)0. For further particulars Bee Window BUIS.

JAMES RYAN. IT N IV ERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES VICTORIAN POETS. A COURSE of SIX LECTURES WILL 131? DELIVERED IN THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET, BY 13. 'I. CAMPAGNAC. ESQ., 11. A. ON THE VICTORIAN POETS on alternate WEDNESDAYS, at 7.30 commencing OCTOBER 3rd. Tickets for the Course, is. Front seats (subscribers) 2s 6d and syllabus. may be had at the Museum (Lending Library.) CHARLES MADELICY, Secretary.

‘AjkIITR STAR LINE T V ROYAL MAIL STEABIBREI. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. 4411RMANIC...Wed.. Oct. 3 OCEANIC Wed, Oct. 17 AJESTIO ...Wed., Oct. 10 TEUTONIC Wed., Oct. 24 MR10...... Fri.. Oct., 12 GERMANIC Wed. Oct. 31 ,Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of rOrge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore PLy to Tamar, Imam. and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur %welt, 13. W., and 34, Lasdennall street, LO Loudon.

DELIVERY BOOKS,

RECEIPT BOOKS,

MADE TO ORDER JOHN WALKER 15.-: CO.,

•

the smallest possible number of Her Majesty's subjects in the United Kingdom will be entitled to a vote. Inclnl- ing our soldiers, now serving us with such splendid valour in South Africa, at least one in five is deprived of his constitutional right to pass judgment upon the acts of the Government, out of the number who would have enjoyed that right had the Election been post- poned until January. That is to say, the Government thus disfranchises something like ten times as many as all the adult British males who worked in the Transvaal added together. By January. as

I an happy to believe, the large majority ol our soldiers

will have returned home, and assuredly no others are so well entitled to be beard as they. They will have much to say about the management of the war. Under these circumstandes, and especially looking to the fact that no General Election has been held in the autumn for nearly a hundred years. exc3pt upon a specially peepared new register. I consider the demand of the Government for an immediate appeal to the people to be no better than a solemn sham; and I confidently ask you to condemn it accordingly. Mr. Chamberlain says in his Address to the Electors o! West Birmingham, that we are now asked to say wh3ther or not the war was just and inevitahle, and that their opponents accuse the Government of deliberately pro- voking a war for which they made no prepsration.l know of no Liberal in a responsible position who has thus accused th 3 Government. But passing that by, I declare my opinion on the contrary to be that the Government never intented to go to war, sail that they themselves, mislead by the assurances of Mr. Cecil Rhodes and his friends, had no ilea that a war was in- evitable ; for how otherwise are we to account for the notorious fact that they were so ill pre- pared for it, in spite of having spent, last year, no less than twelve millions of money upon our Army and Navy more than the 'late Liberal Government spent in their last year of office. I have never said, and do not say now, that the war was unjust, for the 'reason that it was we who were first attacked. We were bound to fight and to win. These are my answers to Mr. Chamberlain.

At the same time I blame the Government for having knowingly allowed the Transvaal f3r three years to con- tinue, unhindered, to accumulate enormous armaments— armaments which could only have been wanted for use against us ; and I consider Mr. Balfour's plea that our hands were tied by the Raid" to be an utterly inadequate excuse. This lack of moral courage on the part of the Government has cost us millions on millions of hard-

earned money, and has brought bitter grief into thousands of humble homes.

I blame the Government far having. at the outset of the war. refused Australia's offer of m ounted troops, and for having replied" Unmounted men preferred," This was no trivial and pardonable slip, but a huge and terrible blunder, which, coupled with the inexcusable delay in sending out cavalry from home, resulted in diens ter. upon disas'er to our troops during the sad moat he of last autumn and winter, a blunderfor which alone this Government deserves t be driven frora oftlle• Having myself, like so many of us, near relatives serving in South Africa, I bitterly re- sent those disasters, and I hold the Government. and not our soldiers, resoolsible tor them.

The settlement praposel with rear d to tha Transvaal and the Orange Rivar Ojirnv by Lot tlisbiry,Mr. Balfour. and qr. Chamberltin, is agree I to by Lori Rosebery, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerol tn, Sir Wiliam Harcourt. and Hr. Morley ; so toat upon this question, which the Tory Party are endea vouring to make the test qaestion at this Illeetion. th ere is s‘bsolutely no differeqce between the two great parties In the State. With this proposal so made and so agreed to, I am in complete amord.

As heretofore. I appeal to you as a thorough going Liberal. steadily holding to the generous side in politics. I desire a Radical reform in our anticulated Land Laws, convinced tang years ago by Richard Cobden that the party who bAnzi a'io It, free trade in lind will do even more for our country than that which secured free trade in corn.

I desire that the people should have the power now vested in the magistrates with regard to the existence of public houses in their immediate neighbourhood. Those who use the pusli houses. and those who suffer from the public house., have a o lear moral right to thls power. No man should be a licensed victualler who did not Bell victuals; and no victnaller should be tied to a brewer. I desire to ame n d our iniquitous system of local rating by secur jug that all rateable property shall pay according t its real altosl n 2 trket value. All) attempts to deal with the pressin4 criestion of overcrowding in towns, without this change in the law, will be a mockery. I desire that the pe )ple, now pav,ng at least f mir fifths of t h e cost of our Elementary Schools, should have the full control of those schools, lam convinced that with regard to religious diff ere noes they would be thoroughly fair and considerate toward s each other.

I strongly desire the amendmen tof the Workmen's Campmsatio i Act, so as t [nein le all workmen, and to provide fair 03 11P 313 3:111 hl ill et see of accident, points on which the present Act is ridiculously inadequate. Fair compensation has been paid for all a scitents by my firm since January, 1831, nearly twenty years. We have not waited for the Tories to fulfil their hypocritical promise to grant Old Age Pensions. Our men are the steadiest set of workers in this kingdom—they grow old in our employ, and when they ra tire, we grant pensions in all necessitous eases, depending upon their length of service. My opponents continue to repeat the f set slander that we refuse to take on men over thirty ye trs of size ; we lake on men over thirty years of age nearly every week In the year. Generous mindet men will resent this method of attsck.

I hope to devote the rest of my wlrking life to yoer service; but if any voter in the constituency honestly belleva.s that my opponent has been, or is, or is likely to be, a better friend to England. a batter friend to Ches- hire, or a better frieni te you, than I have been, am, and intend tc be, he is, as far as I am concerned, welcome to express that belief, awl to back it at the ballot box.

Your fathfut servant. JOHN T. BRUNNER.

Winnington Old Hall, 26th September. 1903.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
of Ore gr. 3r la.

-The cal°

rottier. lestD). Del ~...:.--"'".." tiou. 6.)

01 It set' ,reet IDEA

)

===== 0002601_19000928_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

Natighti

===== 0002601_19000928_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
STEAMER R

A A LLAN

LINE

St-ILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL.

*la.& CANADIAN for Monte Video and Buenos Ayres

Sent. 25th. *s.s. TUNISIAN for Quebec and Montreal Sept 27th s.s. COR/CAN for Si. John's, lialitax and Philadelphia Sept 29th. s.s. NUMI DIA.N for Quebec and Montreal Oct. 4th *Via Londonderry. tCargo only. Saloon Pares from £lO, 2nd Cabin £7. Steerage £5 Hs I hrough Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars tree on application to ALLAN 1311°111E1u ix Co., 19, James- St., Liverpool

rffr:

WORTII KNOWING

That JOHN WALKER AND CO., Printers, Bewsey-street, Warrington, can effectually assist you in any department of your business, having unrivalled facilities, can give you GOOD WORK, PROMPTLY, PUNCTUALLY, and at cheap rates.

When next you have any PRINTING, BOOK-BINDING, OR LITHOGRAPHING

consult us for prices &c. Tour inquiries will be cheerfully responded to.

ESTIMATES FREE. CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

Telephone 0489.

YPOKLENE " A perfect subqitute for Tur- pentine for cleaning Type, Lithographic Stones, Rollers, 8co.; absolutely non-inflammable, and the: efore safest. 40-Gall. Barrels, is. 4d. 10-Gad. Drums; Is. 7d. Barrfls. Is. 6d. " OTTO " GAS RNGINR OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, is. 6d. Per Gall. Carriage Paid, Sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THE RELIANCE LUBitIOATING OIL CO.. 19, & 20, VFL.T.IIII-LANH GRHAT TOWER-SUM:IT, LONDON, B.C.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ' . ' is^ ' - - " • A

- ____

SWIM

_

'

-

===== 0002601_19000928_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO

LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS.

SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. ROT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. TAILS OF PURE HAIR. FROM 55. 6n. Sent poet free on receipt of Postal Order and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Beet Remedy for FALLING OR _WEAK HAIR.

And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRIOR 2s. 6n. PISII BOTTLB. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :-

. B. S %STET NI 5, RANELAGH-3TRRET. LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

rOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss sd; Hooke to gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, is to is 6d per dozen; gut Casts, three 'cards 20. 4d, 6d and 9d each ; Ciut Bat,toms with one hook attached one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for id; porcupines, ld each ; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d and is per box. 'ITT iHAMBERS, • 25, MARKET-PLACE. MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

T•CLA.RKE. " EXAMNER " OFFICE,

0 9 005 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONER, NEWSAGENT. &c.. &C. LADIES SAICHELS. PURSES,

and a large Variety of other Articles useful and rnamental &wax, In Stock.

AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

tl,lOl 41-' THE ANGLO AMERICAN 1401 DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), LID.

79, PRINCES ROAD,

CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS lINTISTIZY,

, AT MODEILVIR FRES.

PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FREE.

MANAGING DIRECTOR :-

Ds• LA GRANGE, 111. D D.D.S.,

Telephone 223, Toxteth.

GrlNNEss's DUBLIN STOUT.

BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEA.TLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be 12r.d lrt CASK or 80-TTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICR ROAD, WARRING-10N. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

TOBACCO,

CIGAR S,

CIGARETTES,

SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 67 Years.

EADE'S PILLS. EADIVE PILLS. Al! who suffer fr6m Gont or Rheumstism eiould immediately EADa'S PILLS. hare recourse tn BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pu,Ls. teen received from all sorts and cmditions of men testifying to EADE S DILLS. the wonderful power these pills have in giving relief in the very ./_ EADE'S piLz,. worst cares. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe In

heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Pattat 31.3clieine of its class. GOUT " 16,Eurton-creszent Dewsbury road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HEUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with unounded • pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT p:aise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATIS MP,heumctjc Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course OUT I had the doctor, and be sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R H BUMATIS DI The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourfills. I did so. and am quite sure they prevented RHEUM ATIS 2.4 :pr;vce beingw henlairdhauvpe tagloaint.he tarot GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pill, and I have been all right again RIiEU MA II SA directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUM TI2M You are quite at liberty to make what use you of this, and I GOUT &all be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write Rbingssuteearnesls::d HEUMAT (yeonucleortien4 address). Yours truly ALBERT Mourrior." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all ChemiF.ts in Bottles, Is. Id. and 21. 9d or sent post free for 'Postal Order by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE. a 32, GOSWELI-ROID, 8.0. Ask lox- and be sure you obtain ADE'S GOUT AND /..:11BU 1.:L.T10 PILLS. EADE S PILLS

===== 0002601_19000928_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
."'"r• _

Telegraphfc hddress:

, .• • - 'hone: .s.s.HOSPITAL TRAINED NURSES k INSTITUTION. - • IhßAii AND FEMALE NURSES AND , :‘• f;II.DICALLIRCICAL & mpNTHI( - t'•UPpLIrD.TcTNC- • •,:! • IREDICA.L. P,R.OFES-SIONtPuEILiC HOSPORL§ O;AIVAT.F. FAMILIES. • ' ROPE STREET.' - LIVERPOOL' • " 'Nur

===== 0002601_19000928_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
, - _ _ -

PLEASANT PARAGRAPES.

Ix is a melancholy faob that unskilled labour has found its way into the professions. GENIUS is an ability to do something that lots of other people want to do and can't. ONE never realises how much company a mirror is until it gets broken. A Gum can't be sure she has a man's heart on fire until she sees the dames spreading to his money. THE man who feels flattered has a more level head than the man who doesn't know when he is flattered. _ _ _ _ _ _

A sus convinced against his will is of the same opinion still; a woman convinced against her will is a myth. A CHARMING conversationalist is a man who re- minds you of things to say, and then listens while you say them. MANY a man owes most of his success to a truthful disposition and thoro,ughly competent subordinates.

KEEPER "Hi, you there, never shoot a running bird 1" Sportsman: "What do you take me for, you idiot? "Can't you see I'm waiting till it stops ? " IN A MINORITY. -" When I went abroad I intended to write a book called 'My Experience with Cl 3 Ocean." "Well, did you ? " "No. After my voyage, I concluded to call it Old Ocean's Experiences with Me." "WELL, prisoner," said the judge, "if you have anything lo say the court will hear you." "I'd rather be excused, your honour," replied the pri- soner. "If I said what I'd like to say, I'd be committed for contempt of court, and I've got trouble enough without that."

ABBREVIA'TION. A little Quakeress, so quaint, So modest, and so sweet, She looked a veritable at. While walking down the at.

KEEN PENETRATION.—"I feel more and more every day that life is real, life is earnest.' "Oh, go on! You've been playing golf." WEARY SEARCHER (looking for board) : "I hope, madam, you do not object to childaen ?" Board- ing-House Mistress: "Oh, not in the least! I have nine myself." Weary Searcher (backing off): " U'm—er—if I decide to take the rooms I will send you a postal. Good-day !" "SIB," said the haughty Lady Constance, "I can read you like a book.' "Oh, then tell me," cried Reginald de Sentless, breathlessly, "do I marry the rich heiress in the last chapter ?" "WHAT are the 'Powers' of Europe ? " inquired the very young woman. The veteran diplomat looked at her thoughtfully, and then replied: "For a long time past they have been chiefly conversational Powers."

BILL—" Is Strapton following the beaten track yet 1" Jill—" Well, I don't know about that; but I know he's following the beaten horses yet." " WrrH the aid of my bicycle," remarked the party who had hitherto done most of the talking, "I can cover more ground than by any other means." The party who had lost both legs and arms demanded, excitedly: "Did you ever try dynamite ? " KITTIE—" I heard to-day you married your hus- band to reform him." Sarah—" I did." Kittie —"I didn't know he had any bad habits." Sarah —" He had one—he was a bachelor."

DIDN'T AFFECT HIM. Horrified Old Lady: "Oh, kind sir, think of your mother! Think of your mother !" Burglar (sternly) : "No use, lady. I was brought up in an incubator. MRS. GOLRINGSKI : " Isaac ! Isaac! vy don'd you come in oud of de rain ? " Mr. Golringski "Not for twelf-und-a-haf minutes yet, Rebecca. I hired der umbrella for two hours." CROWDED Our.—She: "But this flat is miser- ably small." He: "That's why I think we ought to take it. Your mother will then see that we can't possibly make room for her." -

"WE have no use for bear-stories," said the editor. "Our readers demand something spicy." "Well," said the man with the manuscript, this story is about a cinnamon bear." A JEALOUS MAIDEN.—She— "Harry, you said something last evening that made me feel so bad." He—" What was it, dearest?" She—" You said I was one of the sweetest girls in all the world." He "And aren't you darling She—" You said one of the sweetest.' Oh, Harry, to think I should live to know that I have to share your love with another I"

A MAGNIFICENT EXCUSE. MTS. Wickwire: "Don't you ever make even the slightest attempt at manual labour ? " Dismal Dawson: "Mum, I am livin' the way I am on a bet. I got a wager that I kin live eighty years without workin'." "WELL. Davis, did you enjoy your visit to the museum?" ". Yes, mamma." Do you remem- ber any of the nice things you saw?" "Oh, yes, I remember lots of them." "And can you tell me what they were called?" " Yes ; most of them were called, Do not touch." BRIEF AND BRILLIANT CAREER. Wayworn Watson: "I never told you I'd seen the time when I lived at the rate of a thousand a year, did ?" Perry Patettic : "No. How long did you keep it up?" "About a minute." DAD: "You are a regular rolling stone, my son. Did you know that a rolling stone never gathers any moss?" Son: " Yea ; but the rolling stone would like to raise a little dust now, dad, for a change." - -

A -FABLE.—A wine merchant left a suspected assistant in his cellar, and said to him, "Now, lest you should drink the wine while I am away, I will chalk your mouth, so that I may know it." He then rubbed his nail across the man's lips, and pretented to leave the mark of chalk on them. The man drank of the wine, and chalked his mouth, and thus discovered himself. HE DREW Tim Hennypeck (looking up from her reading) : "This writer says thit widows make the best wives." Mr. Hennypeck : "But, really, my dear, you can hardly expect me to die just in order to make a good wife of you." A YOUNG married lady was explaining the differ- ence between silver and electro to a small domestic, and said, "Kate, you will always find a lion on anything that is real silver." "Yes, mum, said Kate, "i'll remember; and I've heard say as there is always carrots on gold, though I ain't seen them."

NEIGIII3OI7RLY COURTESIES-Smith: "I don't like to make any complaint to a neighbour, Mr. Jones, but your do.; kept up a terrible barking about all night." Jones: "Oh, that's all right; he's used to it—won't hurt him a bit. Kind of you to mention it, however." THIN BOARDER: "I don't see how you manage to fare so well at this boarding-house. I have industriously courted the landlady and all her daughters, but I'm half starved." Fat Boarder: "1 court the cook." MARRYING A FARM.—" What's this I hear you're going to do, Jennie ? " said a Scotch lass to another young woman. "Well, Maggie, lass," was the reply, "I'm just going to marry that farm over there, and live wi' the little chap on it." A Surairsz.—Mr. Wheeler (in agony) : "My dear, have you been buying a sextette and F utting it in the hall in place of our bicycles?" Mrs. Wheeler (wonderingly) : "No, Herbert. What on earth gave you such an idea?" Mr. Wheeler (desperately) : "That is the only way I can account for the number of pedals I barked my shins against in the dark just now." A COACHMAN in the employ of a notorious and

universally detested man gave notice of his intention to leave his situation at the month's end, and, on being asked the reason, answered, "Every time we drive out, I can hear the people in the streets say, There goes the scamp! and I'll be hanged if I know whether it's me they mean or master.

_ Two gentlemen were standing in a street in a Georgia town they were approacheJ by a man offering for sale two dressed geese. They decided to purchase, but the dealer in- sisted on selling the two birds to one man. Accordingly one of them bought the two, and sold one to his friend. After the transaction was com- pleted, the goose-vender was asked why he would not sell the birds separately. Said he—" That old goose and gander have been together thirty rare, and I wouldn't separate them for any con- sideration 1"

===== 0002601_19000928_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Rodid send two stamps for our 32 page Illintrated Book ccntaining valuable information of how all Irregularitlea and Obstructions may be entirely aveided ramoved by Flnaple tneans. Recommended by eminent Physiciana aa the only Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never Tbousarols of genuine unsolicit!-741 Teatimonia from all over t.:;,• Wotld --P. BtaNcuaat Dal:3r.(sn lad Lehdou,—Advit.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGAL I A'S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR ZOOM. THE EXAMINER, FRI DAY, SEPTEMBER 28 1900 LADIES' .LETTER

THE APPLETON SHOOTING CASE

The Sentence.

At the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, before Mr. J. C. Parr and other magistrates, James Gregson, a 1 teamsroan lately employed on Mr. Yarweod's Farm, 1 Appleton, was charged with unlawfully assaulting Collin Bennett on September 4th, and Collin Bennet was charged with assaulting James Gregson on September 2nd Mr. Jenkins appeared for Gregeon and pleaded not guilty. Superintendent Pearson stated that the prisoner Greg- son was formerly charged with shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Since then he had been in communication with the Chief Constable and he had been authorised by him to reduce the charge to one of common assault. In his opinion he thought that it was a case which called for a severe penalty. Collin Bennett, aged 13, of Gaskell-street, Stockton Heath, said that on the evening of September 4th he went to Mr Yarwood's farm to help the milk bey, Bertram Howells. Howells, while on the farm, took Gregson's broom to brush the cart cut, and when he took it back he met Gregson, who reproached him for using the broom and struck him twic., on the legs. He (witness) and otber boys called Gregson a " coward " whereupon Gregson ran after them twice and failin4 to overtake them brought a gun and tired at them. Witness was shot in the leg and a shot grazed his teoth. He then gave information to the police.—By Mr Jenkins : They did not annoy prisoner at all, they did not uqi bad lan- guage towards him or tease him in any way, except call- ing him a /coward. When prisoner fired, he fired at ' them. _ _

Bertram Howells also gave evidence. Martin Maloney said he saw prisoner put two car- tridges in the gun. He (prisoner) was under the influ- ence of drink at the time. He spoke about the boys annoying him and said he would " shift " them.--By Mr. Jenkins: Prisoner had been aggravated by the boys. He himself was very often teased by the boys, but be took no not's°. _ . .

Sergeant Bourne deposed to arresting the prisoner who, in answer to the charge, said " I fired the gun,but shot into the air." He examined Bennett and the wound had every appearance of being a gun shot wound. Defendant, sworn, admitted that on the evening in question he had had some drink and was nearly drunk. When Howells brought his brush to the stable he threw it on the floor. That vexed him and he struck him with the brush. Bennett and the others Wed him names and he chased them,but failing to catch them determined to frighten them by firing the gun. He fired into the air. They had previously thrown stones at him. On Sunday, September 2nd, he was on London Bridge. Stockton Heath, when he met Bennett, Howells, and others. They annoyed him and in fun he hit them with a thin stick. Bennett threw a stone at him and injured his thigh. Mrs. Savage, Gaskell-street,said she saw the gun firea into the air. .

Mr. Jenkins contended that the boys had annoyed the prisoner, who in a fic of temper brought the gun up on the scene and fired into the air to frighten them. They being frightened ran off and probably Bennett had fallen over some brambles and pricked his leg. Prisoner was rffended at the very least thing. The Chairman, after consulting his colleagues, said prisoner would be seat to gaol for a month with hard labour, the Bench being satisficd that an assault had been committed. The case against Bennett was die. missed.

o, yon need not go over that.grounn again. "Then you will consider my proposal?" "Yeq, I will consider it." mWh.en may your answer be expected P" "I don't know; soon." "Then I will go. Good-night." "Good-night."

CHAPTER XXXII.

MAN PROPOSES, GOD DISPOSES,

Duncan Rutland did not sleep throughout the whole night after Ritzoom had left him. He could not. He was again in the toils of a great tempta- tion. 2lle had thought when lie had determined to leave Rome a few weeks before that he had fought his battle and won it, now, however, he realised that it was harder than ever. Then he did not know that Alizon loved him, his hopes of winning her were very dim, now all was different, and that difference made the struggle more painful. The cup of happiness had been lifted to his lips, he had tasted of its joys, and to have it dashed from him for ever seemed more than he could bear. What would life be to him without her? How could he bear to spend perhaps fifty years without having her by his side, knowing all the time that ibe longed to be there? He considered the whole situation again and again. He reviewed every possibility, and it seemed as though there were no alternatives save those which Ritzoom had set before him.

Hour after hour passed, and still he was under the Jesuit's influence, the cruel logic of his words constantly appeared before him, undermining his will and his power of resistance. For inclination, pleasure, aye, the happiness of a lifetime, lay in obedience to the priest's words. Oh, it seemed so easy, so pleasant to yield, to swim with the tide, to live for love! It was so hard, so terribly hard to follow that path which in spite of all his reasonings, duty marked out for him! When morning came the question was still unsettled. He rose as soon as it was light, and walked across the great wild moors which stretched away behind the house in which he lived. Again he prayed for strength as he had prayed before; again he poured out his soul in wild cries to his Creator.

But the questions of his heart were not answered. In the afternoon he went through the town. How glad the people seemed to see him, to shake him by the hand, to speak a kindly word. Many of them were rough in speech, some a trifle coarse, but they were kind at heart, kind and simple. He remembered the words which were spoken on the previous evening, and •at the meeting on the Saturday. He thought of the expressions of their loyalty and their love. He saw again the great throngs of people who had crowded the building. Ah, he might become a greater man by being a barrister, he might occupy a more enviable position from the wordling's standpoint, but would he be a better man in himself ? Did not Ritzoom's suggestion mean sacrificing his manhood? At half-past five the machinery of the mills ceased, and thousands of weavers thronged the streets. Scores of them, aye, hundreds, gave him a cheerful nod and a kind smile; some stopped him and told him how glad they were to see him back again in their midst. Presently he saw old Matthy Bray and Jonas Dixon coming towards him. "Aye, Maaster Rutland," they said, "aw'm reight glad to see tha abaat agean. Yo're lookin' rare and brown, too. Tha ruun tak' care o thysen naa. We can noan afford for thee to laive us and go off to Rome. Tha mun stick to us naa." "Do you really wish that I should? " asked the young man, with a wan smile. "Wish," said old Jonas, "wish, lad? We needn't tell thee that. Saturday neight tould tha that, yi, and yesterday too. Us Lancashire folk are rough and ready; we say straight things, but we know when we like onybody. Aye, 't would be a blow for Tudor, aye, and for Lynford, too, if than wart obliged to laive us. But yo' wil'n't, mester, yo're better naa, aren't you ? " and the old weaver looked into the young man's eyes with a look of affection.

"Oh, yes, I'm much better; but not over strong yet!" "No," said Matthy Bray, "tha wants some good Lancashire food to nit. Yo've 'ad a lot o' Italian rubbish, an' it's noan good for a civilised man. Yo' mun geet plenty of good Lancashire beef, and crairo, and that sort o' thing. Things wi 'a bett o' strengthenin' stuff in "An yo' mun noan work too 'ard. Tak' it aisy for a bit, lad, tak' it aisy. What we want is that Out cud geet wed. A nice Lancashire lase, wi' a bit o' brass. Ther's plenty i' Tudor, Mester Rutland, nice lasses an' oal. Geet wed and then thoult geet settled. Aye, but tha mun settle daan for life, lad. Tha mun noan laive Tudor, we're suited, and thairt suited. Good-neight, mester. " The two weavers walked on, and presently he met more. It was the same everywhere. Rich and poor met him with smiles, and all gave him a word of welcome. _ _

He felt himself to be mean and ungrateful. These people bad showered kindness upon him, and yet he was contemplating leaving them. And yet— well, what should he do? Days passed away, and still be came no nearer a decision. He had not seen Alizon, neither had be heard from her. He hungered for a message, and yet he dared not go near the Priory. He dared not go to places where he might possibly see her.

On the Thursday night, Ritzoom paid another visit to his lodgings. He evidently came in the expectation of receiving Rutland's answer, but in this he was disappointed. The young man was still fighting his battle, a battle between love and duty, between pleasure and pain, and try as he might, he could not make up his mind. "Of course, you—you have seen no one from the Priory since your return to Lynford ? " he said, casnatly, as he rose to take his leave.

"I thought not," and then he looked at Rutland like a skilled mesmerist looks at his victim.

"Thera is nothing wrong at the Priory, I hope?" said the young man, thrown off his guard for a moment.

"There are wet eyes there." "Wet eyes! What do you mean ? " "Surely you can guess," said the Jesuit, as he left the house. "Good-night." All through the night he thought of Alizon, and the memory of the priest's words haunted him. He interpreted them in a hundred ways, and every one of his interpretations made him long to yield to his heart's desire. What should he do? What should he do? The question haunted him throughout the next day, and all the while he felt himself becoming weaker and weaker. At nine o'clock that night he found himself alone fighting the same battle. He had just returned from a meeting, and was now sitting in his lonely rooms. Oh, it was very, very weary, this continuous doubt, this continuous struggle! He could not bear it much longer. He felt sometimes as though he must yield to the conditions which Lady Neville had authorised the priest to make. Presently he drew a chair to his study-desk, the desk which had been presented to him the previous Saturday evening. Yes, he would write that night and decide the question for ever. He took up a pen and wrote the date, then followed the words: "Dear Lady Neville -" So far he got, and then he stopped. Could he resign Tudor Church, for that was what it meant, on the very desk the people had given him a few days !Wore ? On the other hand, could he give up Alizon for ever? He took out his watch and looked at the time. It was the watch the church had given him. He looked around • the room, and saw a number of books which told him of his duty. Oh, but he

could not give up Alizon, and yet-- He heard a knock at the door. No one answered it. Evidently his landlady had gone for a few minutes' chat with a neighbour. It was repeated.

He went to the door, and on opening i, saw a veiled figure, which he could not recognise in the darkness.

"Mrs. Nutter has gone out, I think," he said, "but I daresay she will be back in a few minutes." "May I come in ? " Without a word he closed the door behind her and drew her into the room. "Alizonl" he cried.

She took off her hat and veil and placed them on a chair, and then looked at him like one wondering. "I have heard everything," she said. : "Your mother's conditions ? " "Yes."

- He was silent. He aid not ask her how she came, or why. She was there before him, and he felt that the great moment of his life had come. "What are we going to do ? " she asked. He continued silent. Her presence made him long more than ever to yield to the conditions which had been made, and yet she quickened his sense of duty, and of loyalty to what was right. "Has he—Ritzoom--told you of our meetings?" he asked presently.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DRAB NELLIE,

It will not surprise you, I ween, to hoar that both light and black coats will certainly be worn over coloured dresses this autumn, and one would look very well over a shepherd's plaid dress. Plain skirts will also be worn, and they look better than fancy ones in plaid materials, and it is best to choose a bodice with seams only on the shoulders and under the arms, as they do not look well in checked materials. One of the best materials for winter shirts is viyella. Stiff collars are not worn as much as they used to be, but they are still fashionable. Many people prefer a soft silk stock or tie. It is not usual to wear straw hats in winter, and a black velvet or glace silk hat would look better. Sometimes it is possible to buy shapes ready-made in silk, satin, or velvet. Tucked black glace silk would be nice as a trim. ruing, and very durable, and perhaps you have some ostrich tips. If you do not want a silk underskirt, moirette or a fine moreen would be best for winter wear. Black moirettes with narrow satin stripes in a bright colour are very effective.

Birds and their plumage appear largely on the new models, wings and quills being treated with further adornments, till the bird they had their origin with would certainly disown them. Alas, that not all the dictates of humanity can induce women to forego the curious pleasure of bearing about on their heads the evidences of ruthless cruelty which give the lie direct to their reputed qualities of mercy. The bird of paradise, placed in the centre of a broad-brimmed, low-crowned hat, with the feathers drooping on either side of the face, is another revival which bears us back in mind to the caricatures of the dress of 50 years ago. Hats and toques alike fit the I closely-at the back, and are wide in front, with low trim- mings. The hair underneath the hat is dressed closely and neatly at the back, with very little fulness and only a suspicion of waving. In front it is hidden by the low bent hat brim, or, if the latter turns back, as is the fashion with some hats, off the face, the hair is shown turned back off the forehead in loose waves. -

read

Amongst some pretty blde muslin bodices is one made without any collar, the top of the bodice being edged with a little ruching of soft blue silk, matching the belt. Another muslin had a trans- parent lace collar with a single line of narrow black velvet run through it to keep it up. All soft materials continue to be gathered at the waist, some all round, others at the back only. It is very easy to cut out and make one of the latter, and they are very becoming, much more so than the skirts that have but a single pleat at the bark for fulness. The front breadth is gored, but the others are left full. In mounting it into the band the front of the skirt is slightly eased into the band round as far as where the sides turn towards the back. Then come the gathers which have to be done with three runnings and very neatly finished off. In sewing them on the belt the sewer must take up each separate gather on the needle and give it a stitch to itself. Such a skirt as this can be cut out and run up in a few hours, and there it is, ready to put on. A black barege, for instance, can be begun after breakfast and finished in the afternoon. To be able to make it at home justifies one in buying an inexpensive dress length, for making which it seems out of all proportion to pay double what it cost.

Women are beginning to learn how really smart flannel may be, if deftly allied to velvet and lace. One of the blouses I have seen is made of striped orchid purple flannel, has a bolero front edged with much deeper purple velvet, and is worn with a pointed lace collar and vest. Another is composed of soft silk and lace, with bars of silk threaded through with very narrow satin ribbon. When silk is threaded in this way the incisions are button-holed to make them look neat, quaint and pretty. With both shirts for morning wear twilled serge skirts are worn. Your loving_

-JENNIE.

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

.I ',f ‘,...,:f•'; ""--,----.-:. L.L., . 1111 \ \ ‘s• )., / .1 \ 1- ' .1 :i\ ~ \ . • :4) i. 4 k‘ \ \ \ \ \ \ ,1 . ' :A., '..\‘• \\* . • si; ‘\ \ \ \ `‘. I ,

, lizr ,r‘i \ • ,N‘,4, , ,%\r fri .-'''' 't, -, \, I. ~ .//' /.-?". ' i , , Vii,/-1: ‘• ' , ~ et,„.. ~-;-_,_____. ----AIC --,'.‹...f, 0-7.,,,,74,4- ~, , ez,6l*.t_tt4.,,e, v --- --...--41.,,,,,, ....- _ ~ _ c, ..."-.k - 4 • . -T. 1..) , ~.. ,‘ ) / /// '''':.,'''''. ' 1* . '''.--‘ A t . ,/ / i 1Z . ,IZ's ' -.' *: . ,'N, \ •Of. •// , / ---:•;•-: '''''',:s",:, 4WIP / , iti / .... - , -------t-- :_, - ''''N '''''- . IP, , ____. ,--,,,,,,,, -_-... 7 -:,l\* s., —.- ,/ . , ",....t.....,, s. ye,,?( A '..\ •`N , . ••••::::: / i \''tio,, \ ) if li i ie: -• 1 1 s

9 V •1 . ii 1C;,,,r1 /Y; •ii ' , ' i - / C, i , ( ' (1/r`'' . 4 / .(7-5.41-oit'r ) /, . ' /iv, 4/ ' f• ' • ..- / / / ~A,t=s4,A;-:, :-• 4 / / ,•,,,,,,,,-; ~,fr,,,,, ;,..-.. / , 4 .e. , / 4, /fr,,; / 4 7 -- / "0 ii, /

===== 0002601_19000928_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ag'4'

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

-40 e

IREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

LOCOMOTIVE MEN'S GRIEVANCES.

Meeting at Warrington.

_ The Workmen's Club, Market Place, was filled on Sunday afternoon on the occasion of a joint meeting in connection with the local branches of the Anesciated Society of Locomotive Eneiceers and Firemen and the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants. The business of the meeting was the consideration of the London and North-Western Locomotive Men's movement. Mr. Bald- win, of Liverpool, presidsd and there were also present on the platform: Mr Thorehill, of Swansea, secretary for the movement; Mr Baguley and Mr Bellamy, of Stockport. Mr J EPlinston, Mr Greaves, Mr Taylor and Mr Fryer, of Warrington. The CHAIRMAN pointed out in the course of a short speech, that on the Great Central line' on which he was a driver, they worked 11 hours per day. Despite the long hours they were in a better position than the Lon- don and North-Western Locomotive men inasmuch as ' they bad a guaranteed wage. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PLINSTON read the reply of the directors of the London and North-Weetern Railway Company in respect of the proposals submitted to them by the loco men. The reply stated that the memorial had been considered by the directors,and they declined to agree to the proposals which were put forward, and did not consider that there were any grounds for a meeting for discussion. Most if not all of the questions now raised were not very long ago considered and decided by the directors alter con- ference with some of the men. Mr. Plinston proceeded to propose the following resolution :—" That this meeting of London and North-Western locomotive men earnestly requests that the Board of Directors will grant an interview with our duly elected representatives, with a view of discussing with the directors our present conditions of employment and future employment." ee Mr GREAVES seconded the resolution. He said he was confident tbat the locomotive men werelustified in ask- ing for better conditions of service. The locomotive men were treated with contempt in a great many instances, and they were the only grace of railway men so treated. Mr. Tnomenite, who bad a cotdial reception, spoke at length on the proposals which were submitted to the directors of the London and North Western Railway Company. These included the following :-.—That engine drivers, firemen and cleaners be granted a week's wage independent of Sunday duty ; eight hours to constitute a day's work and all time worked in excess of eight hours to be paid for at the rate of time and a quarter, each day to stand by itself and all men to be paid a day's wage each time of signing on duty ; 150 miles or part thereof to constitute a day's work for expreis passenger and fish trains; 100 miles or part thereof to constitute a day's work for express goods and meat trains ; no man to be called on duty who has not bad 10 hours rest from the time of signing off duty ; Sunday duty to be paid for at the rate of double time. The following proposed scale of wages was also included in the men's proposals; drivers to receive first year 63 per day; second year, 6s ed per day; third year. 7s per day ; fourth year, 7s 6i per day ; fifth year, Ss per day. Firemen's wages, first year, 43 per dry ; second year, 4s fild per day ; third year, 4s 91 per day ; fourth year, 5i per day ; sixth year, 5s Oct per day. Cleaners, 3s per day after 17 years of age ; shed labourers, 25s per week. Proceeding to refer to the truck system,the spealteressid it bed increased the duties of locomotive men without any corresponding extra re- muneration and was also a source of numerous accidents. It was time the truck system was abolished even from a humanitarian point of view. Mr. Thornhill then read a copy of the letter he had sent to Mr, F. W. Webb with reference to their decision on the men's memorial. The letter stated that the men considered that their pro- gramme had not received at the hands of the Board that consideration which they as an important biedy of men felt they bad a right to expect. They'asked for an in- terview to be arranged between the men's representa- tives and the Board for the purpose of discussing with them the present conditions of aer vice with a view to an improvement. It was pointed out that it was two years last March since the representatives of the men met the representatives of the Board and the result of the interview was a concss- sion in wages to a small percentage of firemen. Since then the duties of the men in the locomotive department I had increased considerably in consequence of the i enormous increase of traffic. The actual necessaries of life bad increased in cost to such an extent that it was impossible for men to maintain themselves and families on what they now received for service rendered to the company. Mr :Thornhill added that the receipt of his letter had been acknowledged and he was informed that it would come before the directors at their October meeting. Ho thought if they could get an interview with the directors their grievances would receive more consideration. There was no desire on the part of the men to strike. They did not wish to upset the trade of the company any more than the directors did. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BAG/LEY, in supportinethe resolution, Raid he was glad to attend such a successful Hut meeting of engine-men. The disputes which had arisen between the two societies had been a source of weakness in the past and he was glad to know that their differences had now been healed. (Hear. hear.) Referring to the remark of Lord Stalbridge that the coal bill of the London and North-Western Railway Company had increased by £64,000 in the past six months, the speaker said suffi• cient proroiceece was not given to the tact that this was partly due to the engines having run half a million miles more than in the preceding six months. (Hear, bear.) Alter referring to scme of the grievancss of locomotive men he said the men were determined to have the conditions altered. They did not desire a strike but even a 7; n7m when trampled upon would turn. He suggested that the executive should draw up a list of questions to Le submitted to Parliamentary 1 candidate relating to the Board of Trade's action with railway companies. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was . unanimously carried. Mr. BELLAMY then proposed a resolution approving of the men's delceates and assuring thena of hearty sup- port in the future. With this end in view members _ were urged to sign the signature e beets and call upon non-unionists to join their respective societies. Mr. FRYER seconded and Mr. GREAVES supported. The resolution was unanimously adopted. A vote el thanks having bean tendered the deputation on the proposition of Mr. TAYLOR, the preceedings terminated.

FERE TO RHEUMATIC A.ND PARILYTIC IIiFFERIII4,9, an Illustrated Book on the complete home Onre cf these Diseases, preface by F. W. Cole. M.D., who regards the author as the highest authorits, send atrium for book to the VENO IxexiTuTE. ,l•R Devoushi e-street, Mao- ohetter.—Advt•

===== 0002601_19000928_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

THE TEMPTATION OF DUNCAN RUTLAND.

By JOSEPH HOCKING,

Author of "The Birthright," "Mistress Nancy Molesworth," "All Men are Liars." "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," ac.

:CHAPTER XXXL DUNCAN RUTLAND'B TEMPTATION.

—"Well, and you enjoyed your visit to the Eternal' City?" said Ritzoom, with a pleasant smile. ' "Enjoyed is scarcely the word," replied the young man, and he sat back in his armchair, while opposite him sat the Jesuit smoking a large cigar. They were in Rutland's study on the Sunday evening as had been arranged. The young minister was rather excited. This was scarcely to be wondered at, for his work through the day had been very trying. Great eager crowds had filled the spacious building, and the young man's whole strength had gone out to the services. Moreover, he guessed the object of the priest's visit, and felt sure he would have some message from Lady Neville.

"Isn't it? Well, perhaps not. One enjoys a cigar, but scarcely a visit to Rome, that is if one possesses the historical spirit; one is awed, bewildered, overwhelmed, but one does not enjoy' in the ordinary sense of the word." Rutland waited for him to proceed. "Of course, you will have guessed that I had some definite purpose in this visit?" said Ritzoom, after a short silence.

"Yes, I gues,sed that." "Of course you did. Well, there are two traits of my character which are strongly marked. One is an utter frankness, and the other is a disposition to get at a point quickly." Rutland nodded.

"Well, to be true to my character, I will be frank, and I will get to the point at once. lam sure this will be most pleasing to you as a straight- forward Englishman." The young man again nodded, but remained silent.

"I will, therefore, be brutally blunt. You have, I am given to understand, become the suitor for the hand of our mutual friend, Miss Alizon Neville, and that she has been disposed to listen kindly to you? " The young man flushed rather angrily. He did not relish the priest's interposition in the matter, but he spoke no word. "Of course," went on Ritzoom, "I have personally no right to interfere with your privacy; but as you may know, I am honoured with Lady Neville.'s confidence, and—well, it has always been a pleasure for me to meet you." "Thank you," replied Rutland, quietly. "I will be brutally frank," laughed Ritzoom, almost nervously, "and I will confess that I hoped y ur visit to Rome would have led you to embrace our faith; but my hopes have not been realised." "No, if you hoped that, they have not been realised ; they never will." "That is a pity. Lady Neville's objections might be overruled then."

Rutland looked up inquiringly. "Yes, I repeat it. Personally, mind you, I should rejoice in such an union. I am not influenced by English prejudices. I believe in the aristocracy of intellect, the aristocracy of worth, but, of course, we don't all see alike, do we? " "No, we don't all see alike." "And so I have come to see whether we cannot arrange this matter. We are men, and we are both broad-minded enough to see the value of com- promises. One of your sceptical philosophers seems to think that compromise is the basis of civilisation."

"Am I to understand then," said Rutland, roused to speak by Ritzoom's words, "that Lady

"Will certainly disinherit her if she persists in disobedience. And, well, even if you were to— well, carry out the plans which have suddenly formed, themselves in your mind, it would be terribly cruel to drag her from the Priory in order that she might share with you the pleasures of a ct ttage." "I presume you have something to suggest," remarked Rutland, presently. "Yes," replied Ritzoom, "I have, and I feel sure you will see the reasonableness of my proposals. You see I wish to do two or three things. I wish, first of all, to save Alizon from being driven from her home, and I wish to make both of you happy. This, you will understand, cannot be done unless we adopt a course :,grePable to Lady Neville." "Well, tell me what you wish to say? " "Of course, I need not remind you that you are a Protestant., and that Lady Neville is a Catholic. Now, while, in time, her ladyship may become reconciled to the thought of her daughter marrying a Protestant, she would never consent to her marry- ing a Protestant to ir "1 see."

"Of course, such an arrangement, would be absurd ; indeed, her ladyehip, with her antecedents and her devoted loyalty to the Church, would rather see her daughter dead than that such a thing should happen." "Well ?" Rutland's face was set and stern, his eyes shone with an angry light. "You see that. Well, the proposal lam authorised to make is this: You resign Tudor Church, and study for another profession, say the bar. With your previous education and training, you would be able to pass the necessary examina- tions very quickly. Then when you are entitled to wear silk, her ladyship will be willing to listen to your proposal for her daughter's hand." "And meanwhile ? " Rutland asked the question as though it meant much to him. "Meanwhile," answered Ritzoom," her ladyship will not seek to prejudice her against yOu." "But should I be allowed to see her ? " "That, cf course, would not be wise." "But if I remain a Protestant minister?" "Then, of course, the case is hopeless. Even you can see that it would not be possible for her to consent to her daughter receiving the attentions of a Protestant minister." "But if I persist, and—nnd if she_persists ? "

"In that -case I think you would, to use an English colloquialism, cut your own throat.' You would cause the woman you love to be disinherited, for her ladyship would no longer own her as her daughter. More than that, you would blight the lives of both mother and child. Her ladyship possesses the spirit of the old Roman matrons. She will do what she believes is right, but the evening of her life would he darkened, her home would be practically destroyed. You can, of course, see this. But not only would you curse her ladyship's life, you would curse her daughter's as well. How could she be happy while the memory of her dis- obedience haunted her ? " - . _

"Have you Lady Neville's authority for saying this?

"Yes, I have; that is, I have her authority for making this proposal which I submitted to you. Have I made everything plain? " "Yes, I think so." "You can, of course, see what a great concession it is on her ladyship's part. Indeed, I never thought she would have yielded so much." "There is nothing more to say, I suppose? " "No, nothing. The issues are very simple, and I hope 1 may be able to congratulate you on de- ciding wisely." "I hope so." "Well, what do yousay ? What answer shall I take to her ladyship? " "None at all—at present." "Oh, well, of course there is no hurry ; all the same, I thought you would have had no difficulty in deciding. You are not asked to change a single article of your faith, you are simply required to change one profession for another, and a far more desirable one. Why, think! The successful barrister may rise to the highest position in the land. Ho may be a great advocate, or even a judge. He may go into Parliament and rise to be Chancellor of the Exchequer, or even First Lord of the Treasury. And with Lady Neville's influence, a baronetcy, or even a peerage, is not impossible. On the other hand, what has the Nonconformist ministry to offer a man of your ability and ambi- tion? You can rise no higher than you have alrearly risen. You are the minister of the prin- cipal dissenting church in the town, and if you stay here for thirty years—well, you can be no more. I think I speak as your friend, and I do not see how a sane man could reject the proposal 1 have made, and to which her ladyship has con- sented. You see this, don't you? "Yes, I see it." "If you refuse—well, I see nothing but misery as the result. Whatever course events take, they must be calamitous; but I heed not go over that gronnd again." . . .

===== 0002601_19000928_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
"Yes, be has told me everything, told it as only he can tell." He nodded. "What are we going to do ? " she asked again presentli• , He caught her hand:— "0 Alison!" he cried," it would be worse than death to—to give you up." "Would it ? " and a bright light shone in the girl's eyes. "Yes," he said, and she knew that he meant what he said.

They were both silent for a few seconds, for they knew not what to say. "You must not give up your Church," she said presently. "Must I not ? " His voice was hoarse, for the girl's words sounded like a death-knell in his heart. "No, it would be wrong, it would be disloyal,you must not lower your standard by adopting a poorer profession." "No." He felt she was right, knew that her voice was as the voice of God.

"All those fine sayings about place, position, and power are as nothing," she said, "they cannot be entertained by those who believe as we do. We know the truth, and the truth has set us free."

He felt ashamed of himself. She was a convert of only a few weeks, and yet she taught him his duty. "Then you have come to bid me good-bye," he said presently. "What ? " There was a sob in her voice as she uttered the word.

"You have come to bid me good-bye," he repeated. "Oh, I know what you say is right. I feel it more than ever now. But, 0 Alizon, it will be like death to part with you." The girl looked at him with questioning, yearn- ing eyes. "Yes, like death," he repeated. "The thought that I must spend my life without you, month after month, year after year, and yet not to have you near me. 0 God, I cannot bear it!" "Must you bear it ? " and her voice trembled as she spoke. "The man said there as no other way, and I feel that he is right. It would be mean of me to ask you disobey your mother; it would be wrong of me to try and alienate you from home, and cause you to be disinherited. Oh, I feel the meanness, the unmanliness of doing such a thing. And even if I thought you would consent I would not ask you. I have fought it all out, I know the bitterness, the remorse that would follow in the train of such an action, and yet-0 Alizon, may God give us strength to bear it." "Is there no other way? " said the girl. "No, I know no other. You have made me feel that I cannot cease being a minister, and I cannot ask you to do the other." "Then I must ask you, Duncan ? " He turned towards her with a startled, wondering look in his eyes. "If you will not ask me, I must ask you," she repeated. "God did not lead us to love each other to mock us. He did not open our eyes that we should live in darkness. I have been thinking, too. I—l cannot believe that mother will remain for ever angry with me, she loves me too much for that. And even if she does, well, do you think I care so much for house and position and society and all that sort of thing—as to, oh, don't you understand ? "

The young man sat like one dazed. He knew not what to say, or what to think. "I should blight your happiness for ever if— if--" He stopped suddenly. "And if you don't ? " "If—if 1 don't!" he stammered. "Yes, if you don't, what would my life be then? "

He did not speak a word. "Can you refuse me, Duncan?" she said, looking into his eyes. "No, I cannot. God forgive me, but I cannot," he cried, as he saw the light of her great love shining through her tear-dimmed eyes. [Tun END. I

===== 0002601_19000928_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Combination in the Pork Trade.

A large and succes-ful meeting of master pork butchers of Liverpool and district was held at the Be Hotel, Liverpool, on Monday evening with the object-. of organising under the superintendence of Mr. Wolfenden, of Warrington, an association to look after all matters of interest affecting the trade. Mr. John Voch was voted to the chair. The follow- ing officers were appointed ;—President, Mr D Ben- bet: vice-presidents, Mr P Darken, Mr R Hodson, and Mr Brundrett ; hon. secretary. Mr James Hod- son; organizing secretary. Mr T L Wolfenden; treasurer. Mr Robb; and a committee consisting of , twelve members of the trade. Arrangements were made for the first annual dinner of the Association. A copy of suggested rules was submitted by Mr. Wolfenden and adopted. Short speeches were delivered by several of those present appealing for unity of action and combination in the trade. A vote of thanks was tendered to the Chairman and a similar compliment was paid to Mr Wolfenden who had taken a great amount of trouble in bringing the members together. A promising start was made and a large number of subscriptions were re- ceived.

TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climates ; it is light, clean, cool, comfortable, and durable ; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, Renahaw-street, opposite top of Bold-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0.0 Zi

===== 0002601_19000928_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PRELIMINARY NOTICE. g'rf THE WARRINGTON . DRAHATIC SOCI—

"LIBERTY HALL" (AN ORIGINAL MODERN' PLAY, IN FOUR ACTS. BY E. 0. CARTON).

Al' THK ROYAL COURT VIP:AIRE, WARRINGTOS' DURING TRH WBEK COMIIHNCING

----DECEMBER 17TH NEXT. ARTHUR BROWNS, Hon. Sec. and Trei‘°. JOHN W ALKER AND CO.. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTOS.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING' IN ~LL THEIR BRANCHES.

MAMMOTH POSTERS, A SPECIA.LITIO MAMMOTH POSTERS. LertGl3 TlCr MAMMOTH POSTERS. vo Rl:* MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE 1410 ST STRI MA 'IMf MI POSTE n S. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. otaltrY. - MAMMOTH POSTERN. MAMMOTH POSTERS. ALL ORDERS OR ENQUIRIES FoS PRINTING AND LITHOGRAPHING, nrstj; BOOKBINDING A.ND PAPER ProdAucesdp__iiu:AeLClTir.

_ AT THE EXAMINER OFFICE.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES.

MISLEADING ANGLICAN STATEMENTS.

The Rev. Thomas Moore, M.A., has written a very misleading article in the Church Monthly "Church and Denominational Statistics. Mr. Moore repeats the inaccurate statement that Nonconformists have claimed that their numbers are fully half, if not the greater part, of the population. Nonconformists do nothing of the kind. They claim that with regard to membership they aro nearly as strong as the Established Church, and with regard to Church accommodation and to the number of Sunday-school scholars and teachers they are much stronger. This claim has been demon- strated in figures which have never been seriously challenged. We lament profoundly that the bulk of the population in England is outside all the Churches.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NONCONFORMIST POSITION.

We confess we are surprised that Mr. Moore should say that Nonconformists refer to the Registrar-General's list of places for Noncon- lormist worship as a proof of their assertions. On the other hand, quite the contrary. Our figures are gathered from perfectly reliable statistics supplied by the Nonconformist Churches themselves. Nonconformists object to a religious census for perfectly intelligible and conclusive reasons. They say that it is no real test of the strength of the Churches in the community. Hundreds and thousands of people who do not go anywhere would set them- selves down as "Church." In the next place, they strongly object to any inquisition'lby the State into individual religious opinion. It is all very well for Church statisticians to sneer at figures with regard to Church attendance and Church membership; but can they devise any better means of ascertaining the strength of a religious denomination ?)

===== 0002601_19000928_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIMULTANEOUS MISSION, 1901.

The preparations for the Simultaneous Mission,'organised by the National Free Church Council, are now in full swing. It is interest- ing to observe that it has been suggested that ladies should take part in the active work of the mission. There are many women who are admirably fitted for public work, such for instance as Miss M. Jennie Street, who at the recent Christian Endeavour Convention made a very bright and interesting speech. In addressing children's meetings, or perhaps by visiting the .people in their own districts, women may do a great deal to secure the .success of this great endeavour. It is felt by the leaders of the movement that every person who is lihely to be of service must be pressed into this great and critical work. Everybody can do someOling. All the available forces should be concentrated into a determined attack on the strongholds of Satan.

DR. ?..',ACLAIIEN AND THE COUNTILY MINISTERS.

Dr. ?.41aelaren, of :',lanchester, opened a bazaar at Grantown, in the Nor:h of Scotland. The little lllpt,ist church there was founded nearly a hundred years ago, the result of the preach- ing of the brothers Haldane. Dr. Maclaren said that there were few men who deserved more nobly of their country than the ministers and doctors of these rural districts. With little exciernent, with little change, in danger of stagnation from being cut off from all the sources of mental and spiritKal qui3kening, they yet nobly and persistently year by year carried on their unrecognised toil.

THE OPENING OF THE METROPOLITAN TABER- NACLE.

The services at the re-opening of the Metro- politan Tabernacle were very successful. The first gathering, which was a large prayer meet- ing, was crowded. The Rev. Archibald J. Brown, one of the late Mr. Spurgeons students, led the devotions of the assembly. The Rev. John Thomas. who has just recovered from a serious illness, preached in the afternoon to a large congregation. In the afternoon the crowd, gathering early, became so great that in order to avoid trouble the doors were opened at half - past five and the building was full at six. Those who had no tickets assembled in large numbers outside, and passed the time in singing hymns. The overflow meeting was held in the hall below the chapel, accommodating 2000 persons. Sir George Williams made a brief speech at this gathering. Mr. Sankey sang solos, at the three services. The interior of the new chapel is brighter than the old one was. and the electric light has been installed. The full cost has amounted to about f. 44,864, and over ;C45,000 has been received. Such a condition of things must be a great joy and aratitication to the devoted pastor of the church, the Rev. Thos. Spurgeon.

SHOULD CHINESE CHRISTIAN MARTYRDOMS BE AVENGED

The Free Church Chronicle for October con- tains a discussion and some interesting letters on this subject. The writers include Mrs. Bishop, the famous African traveller; the Rev. Frederic Galpin, President of the Metho- dist Free Churches, and for many years a missionary in China; the Rev. W. E. Soothill, who has written some brilliant articles in the Daily News on the Chinese missionary pro- blems ; the Rev. R. Warlaw Thompson, Foreign Secretary of the London Missionary Society; and the Rev. Dr. Wonyon. There are a variety of opinions expressed on the matter. Some of the writers bold absolutely that missionaries should go entirely on their own risks and that they should entirely abandon any legal claim to protection they may have on the Governments of their countries from which they come. Others hold this view with some important modifications. The whole corre- spondence, we think, is well worth a most careful study. It seems to be beyond doubt that no missionaries—or very, very few missionaries of the Societies they represent— have ever applied to her IVNesty's Government for the protection of the gunboat.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. WILLIAM CUFF.

We are glad to know that the President of the Baptist Union has returned to his pulpit at the Shoreditch Tabernacle after being away for twelve months. He was heartily con- gratulated. The air of Norway has done wonders for him. From the beginning to the end of his first service his voice sounded clear. He was evidently in high spirits at being back again.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE ALDERMAN S. D. MEANDER.

Congregationalists SN'ill deeply regret the death of the Mayor of Wolverhampton. Mr. Mander was a great friend of the late Dr. Berry, of whose church, Queen-street, he was a deacon. He fulfilled the office of Mayor with great - -tisfaction to his fellow citizens, and two months ago he had the honour of enter- taining- the Duke and Duchess of York on their visit to the borough. This is the first occasion on which a Mayor of Wolverhampton has died during his year of office. Dr. Horton conducted in a most impressive manner the funei al service in the Queen-street Church._

===== 0002601_19000928_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDITOR OF THE "CHRISTIAN WORLD."

Everyone will rejoice to hear that Mr. J. G. Clarke, Editor of the Christian World, has quite recovered his health during his recent holiday in Scotland.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 'NONCONFORMIST TRIUMPH.

The school started by Northampton Noncon- formists in St. James's End, in protest against the Education Department's refusal to sanction a School Board, is crowded to the fullest limit by scholars who were locked out of the Church school for wearing Nonconformist medals. St. James's End will shortly be incor- porated in the borough, and be under the School Board, which it is anticipated will im- mediately take steps to erect the desired Board School.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT.

Many ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well be turned into money. Messrs. R. D. and J. B. Fraser, of PrilleeB Street, Ipswich (established since 1833), buy old false teeth. If you send your teeth to them they will remit you by reiurn post the utmost value ; or, if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs. BACON & CO., Bankers, Ipswich

===== 0002601_19000928_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
JUBILEE OF BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH,

.Ei:

===== 0002601_19000928_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Visit of the Mayor and Corporation.

It was only fitting that the jubilee of Bold-street 1 Wesleyan Church should be celebrated in a manner worthy of the occasion, and the jubilee thanksgiving services on Sunday were such as to mark the event as one of the most notable in the history of local Methodism. The Mayor and Corporation by their at- tendance at the morning service gave an officill recogni- tion to the event and to some extent showed their appre- ciation of the services of many members of the Wes- leyan denomination in the public affairs of the town and neighbourhood. The procession left the Town Hall at a quarter past ten and was headed by a posse of police, followed by the firemen. Then came the pic- turesque figures of the sword and mace bearers preceding the Mayer, who had the Member for the Borough on his right and the Rev John Yonge (his chaplain) on his left. The members of the Corporation in attendance were Aldermen Francomb, Heaton and Hutchinson; Council- lors Peacock, Plumpton, A J Jolley, Alfred Jolley, Pierpoint. Forshaw, Burton, John Roberts, Ellison, Rogers, Davies, Smethurst, Wilkinson, and Baird ; and the officials: Messrs Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), John Fairhurst (borough treasurer), W H Woodcock (assistant treasurer and collector), T Longdin (borough survevor),G F F White (deputy clerk to the magistrates), J H Gornall (medical officer), Elijah Place (markets inspector), W S Haddock (gas engineer), C Madeley (secretary, librarian curator. &c.) A:number of promi- nent townsmen brought up the rear: On arriving at the church, the Mayor and Corporation immediately took up the seats in the centre of the church, reserved for them. During the while, the organist (Mr. R. Hickman) played the National Anthem, and the vast congregation stood up. The preacher for the occasion was the Rev. F. W Macdonald, ex-president of the Wesleyan Conference. He selected for his text the words I exhort, therefore, that, first of all, supplications prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks.be made for all men ,for kings,and for all that are in authoriteothat we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." 1. Tim. ii., 1,2. He said the text urged them to lead a quiet and peaceable life, They were further taught that the possibilities of such a life were largely determined by the action and influence of particular individuals on whom depended the condi- tions of life, social and moral, for vast numbers of other people—kings, rulers, leaders, those of influence, those of authority. They were also taught that all human affairs were within the proper range of intercessory prayer, that prayer should be offered to God not only for the personal interests of the particular suppliant, not only for interests that were sp, cifically spiritual and had immediate reference to salvation, but that prayer should be offered with wide sympathv and a broad desire for the welfare of man as man. These points the preacher proceeded to elaborate, and remarked that to many the idea of a quiet and peaceable life sounded altogether too tame, was pitched too low, was lacking in boldness. colour, breadth. To young people for example, with all the instincts and characteristics of youth, words like those he had quoted might produce a sense of disappointment, and be considered an ideal for the chimney corner for the timid and enfeebled, but were lacking in adventurous spirit and colour. Such an idea was rather repellent than attractive to those who were living in vicious ways and were dissipated in spirit. But it was not necessarily a tame and poor-spirited programme, not necessarily a life of torpor, of intellectual stagnation, of social dulness and feebleness. The whole spirit and teaching of Christianity could not be invoked for the sanction of such ideas, but their wise and large-hearted teacher of Christianity did desire that the Info of men generally should be set free from those main evils which weighed, oppressed and distressed, crippled and wounded the best elements of life. What a vast advance there would be in happiness for the innumerable peoples of the earth if life could be described in terms akin to that ! There were great cemmunitiee afflicted by famine and pestil- tnoe. There were whole races with whom the struggle for existence was constant, painful, who were haunted by fears and plunged below the level of comfort and happiness. There were great portions of the earth where blood was peured out as water. Think of the fair districts that had been battlefields within the last year, of the vast provinces where now there was confu- sion, the overturning of all the sweet proprieties and amenities of human life. Think of the whole races of men, whose type of social life had never yet tisen above a constant earthly warfare, enslav- , merit and massacre of the population, where anything like security and comfort was unknown, where there was no steady calm cultiva- tion of the domestic and social elements of human life. where fear, distress, battle, murder and sudden death were the continual characteristics. A quiet, peaceable life would be even now a vast promotion for a great number of people under the sun ; a not unworthy ideal, a thing that wise and good men might pray for when they spread out a map before them and reflected upon the condition of the population of the earth. There was nothing to be drawn from the Scriptures in favour of a dull and lethargic human existence, and they must not think of the quiet and peaceful life invoked in the text as a dull, unfruitful, and stagnant existence, but it was true that human life from which religion was omitted was nothing more than a frag- mentary or mutilated existence. bet him press this home. Suppose a community enjoyed peace, that its agriculture, commerce and manufactures possessed an ideal prosperity, its arms were victorious by land, and sea, and the conditions of its finances made it the very banking house of the world ; but if there was no moral and spiritual life touched with the fear of God,quickened and animated by the life of God, no holy aspirations in the minds of men nothing drawing that community to the pursuit of what was highest and best, would anyone contend that that spectacle of human development had realized the highest possibilities or could satisfy the human conscience? The ideal for the individual, the family, the town, the nation was a life of peace, of fruitful industry, intelligent cultivation of every broad and ennobling influence, a true religion which hallowed human nature,which lifted man above the passions that were ever seeking to deteriorate and degrade, and which gave him a source of moral strength- Those who had to keep the public order, to see to the proprieties and decencies of social existence, who look out upon life with the responsibilities of magistrates and governors, would pause before sanctioning a [social ideal from which the motives and restraints of religion amongst the people were withdrawn, and he had no hesitation in saying that there were communities in this modern world—it might seem ungracious to 'name them, and he would, therefore, let the reference be general—whose sceptical ruler would give anything to have amongst the masses those who believed in a living God, and those who were found in tens of thousands of homes in this little island of ours. Most of them could name a dozen men upon whom the great issue of world-wide peace or war depended—two or three emperors, a president or two, and hall--a-dozen statesmen, and there they had human beings upon whose sense of duty, upon whose moral enlightenment, upon whose convictions and character it largely depended whether there should be peace and quietness or war and confusien, whether the nation's life should be guided along paths that were honest and useful and full of progress, or dragged into the perilous highways of strife and evil. But he Would not limit his illustration even to kings and states- men of the earth, and the rev, gentleman in a masterly manner, proceeded to show the enormous influence for good or evil in the power of the individual and of small bodies of men, even boys on the playground being leaders in one direction or the other. He instanced four persons who had exercised an enormous influence during the present century upon the conduct of millions of people—the Prince Regent (afterwards King). Queen Victoria, Byron, and Tennyson. The noble life of the Queen, and the poems of Tennyson—not a line from which could be quoted that gave the sanction to vice, or that flattered the pride and conceit of selfish men and women—were contrasted with the pernicious influence set up by the Regent and Byron. They were of necessity in different camps, but when they prayed the boundary was met, the divided chasms filled up, party divisions vanished, natural antipathies and prejudices passed away, and there•was spread before the mind's eye a vast procession of mankind from east, west, north and south, speaking in different tongues,and yet all brothers in respect of sin, all brothers in respect of the mercy

ILIONS 0 WOMEN use CUTiCURA SOAP ExelusivCy for beautifying the shin, for the stop- ping of falling Tt3.l'.tr, for softening and whitening red, rough hands, for annoying irritations, too free or offensive perpiration, washes for ulcerative weaknesses, for many sanative antiseptic purposes, r.l-al for all the uses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Price Is. Sl.l by ril Cherni9ta, or roatpaid by F. NEWER tr. n. C. Po-nut Date AND .7.){0A,121, U. S. A. _

_Th- TO CLEAR THE NOTHING , 4,--7,-, COMPLEXION ~,-(\V-,) , LIICE 1 OF CUTICURA i BLEMISHES tO SOAP i 1 fo' 1/41,0' ''''''*\ A I i,,04.'• -..' ---,--.-__-.-;-- • ~t, 4 Aq A , - Mr "*.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE X AMIN ER, URIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.

and .00dwill of God and of the redemption made by our Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, let theta pray, int for themselves and their households only, but for the dear land in which they lived, and then let their prayer move out in wider circles over larger areas t )wards the struggling suffering populations of the earth,that wisdom and guidance be given to all. A special mnsical programme had been arranged. The service commenced with the singing of the Sanctus (Spohr) in which Mr. Lvi Richardson sang a sok) part. This was followed by the singing of the hymn " All people that on earth do dwell." The "Te Deum " (Jackson) and the anthem "0 God my soul thirstetti " were also rendered. In the last named Mr. Levi Richardson and Miss E faylor very EfficierAly sang the solo parts. The choir had been augmented for the occasion and led the singing in a manner worthy of the occasion. Mr. F. Hickman presided at the organ with marked ability.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Young People's Service.

In the afternoon a great gathering of the scholars of the Bold-street, Silver-street, Sankey Bridges, and Elies- - Sunday Schools was held in the church. It wee announced that the chair would be taken by Mr. R Garnett, but, owing to the recent accident which befel him he was unable to be present. Mr. Lamplugh con- sented to take his place. kfter the singing ot a hemn. The Rev. H. G. ROBERTS, in introduciog the Clean- man. said he had been very closely associated with Methodism in that district for more than fifty years,and he thought they were particularly fortunate in having him present that afternoon. The Glummer; gave a short history of the rise and progress of the Wesleyan Church in Warrington, and in- formed his hearers that he came to Warrington in the year 1844 and worshipped at the old Bank-street Chapel, about six years betore the erection of the large building in Bold-street. At that time Warrington and Runcorn were one circnit. The resident ministers were the Rev. Joseph Burgess and the Rev. James Scholes, and every third Sunday the Runcorn minister preached in Warrington. He had a vivid recollection of the appointment, towards the close of the first half of the century, of the Rev Samuel Broadbent and the Rev George Dickenson to that circuit and it was through their excellent ministry, especially of the latter,that the old Bank-street church became too small to accommodate the worshippers. The speaker mentioned the names of some of the revered men and women who worshipped in the old Bank street Chapel, and who contributed to the foundation of the building in Bold-street. He said that Mr Guest, Mr Saaderson, Mr Thomas Dutton,and Dr Smith would ever be remem- bered for their noble devotion and unfaltering zeal in the erection of that church. For the opening of the church the services of three of the most eminent men in Methodism were secured. They were Dr Robert Newton, Dr Beaumont, and the Rev G C Macdonald, the father of the gifted ex-president of the Wesleyan Conference, whom they heard preach that morning. Mr. E. H. PEARSE Maw,'" Thou art passing hence "in a creditable manner, and a trombone solo was also con- eributed by Mr Smith. The Rev. H. G. ROBERTS expressed the pleasure it afforded him to be with them at a service which, he thought, marked a very important epoch in the history of local Methodism. It seemed to him that they were celebrating their jubilee services in a manner worthy of the Jews before the captivity. He was reminded by the strains of the trombone that the Jewish jubilee services were always proclaimed by the sound of the trumpet, and it might be new to the children to know that the first part of the word jubilee came from the word " Yobel "which meant the sound of the trumpet. By placing that item on the pro.; ramme Mr Hickman bad been wisely advised, as the trumpet or the jubilee had been sounded that day in a very appropriate manner. It seemed to bim that in that great gathering of young and old people, be saw, not simply in imagination, a jubilee. but a solemn convocation worthy to be remembered in history. He was pleased with the reminiscences the Chairman had given them. It had been his intention to dwell tipon their past history himself, but he thought he would reserve what he had to say* They could not pos- sibly separate themselves from the past. They had with them that afternoon the inheritors of the past and the hope of the future, and what the town of Warrington would be in the year 1950 depended very largely upon the children of the present generation. In the words of one of the poets they were told:the world made its own Progress on the feet of little children. Oa Saturday Mr Summersgill was laid to rest and next I:ileac:ley would witness the funeral of Alderman Blackburst, and on every hand they were reminded of the brevity of life. The hope of the future was in the nursery and the Sunday school, and not in the sepnlchre, however beautiful it might be. The speaker then proceeded to addre!s the scholars more particularly, and, in conclusion, remarked that it was a right and proper thing that they should meet together in that way to acknowledge God in songs and words of blessing, and in charity of heart and mind- He trusted that on that great day the members of this Church would endeavour to discharge the respon- sibilities with which they have been eetrusted, and ' uphold the traditions of the Church—a Church that had been involved in all the progress of the past 50 years, and shared in the advance, expansion, and moral spiritual progress of the town. Toe past was ever with them. It was a paradox to say that the pre- sent was the sum tetsl of their past, and the past was the sum total of that which had been their present. Tbe past was a sort of perpetual present. It shaped the present and moulded the future. No history of that Church could be written by God. If they took God's name out of the history of their Church, there re- mained nothing to tell. " God hath done great things for us, whereof we rejoice." The service was concluded by the singing of the National Anthem. Mr. Hickman presided at the organ. In the evening every seat was occupied, and many people were unable to obtain admission. Appropriate hymns were again sung, and before the sermon Mr Levi Richardson rendered a solo in an effective manner, Mr Frank Hickman accompanying on the organ. The Rev F W Macdonald preached from the words " Honour all men," and was again listened to with the keenest inter- est. The special feature of the musical p rt of the ser- vice was the rendering of " The Hallelujah Chorus," which was finely interpreted by the augmented choir. Before the close of the service the rev, gentleman announced that the collections for the day amounted to Ithe handsome sum of £73.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL FUNERALS.

The Late Alderman Blackhurst.

The remains of the late Alderman Blackhurst were interred in the Weaverliam Churchyard on Tuesday afternoon. The funeral was attended by the Mayor and Corporation and magistrates who assembled at the Town Hall at half-past ten, where carriages were in waiting. The cortege was beaded by a number of policemen under the direction of Chief Inspector Phillips. The Mayor was accompanied by the Town Clerk, and •,ther members of the Corporation present were Aldermen Fairclough (deputy-mayor), Sutton and Heaton ; Councillors Davies, Pluinpton, A Jolley, Baird, Forihaw, Edison, Pierpoint, and Smethurst. Amongst others in the carriages were the Borough Treasurer (Mr John Fairhurst), the Borough Surveyor (Mr. T Longdin), Mr Deas (water engineer), Mr, Haddock (gas engineer), Dr For, Mr J W Hayward, Mr H Thorn- ton, and Mr G D Southerden, of Sankey-street. The route taken was along linutsford-road to the late residence of the deceased, No. 1, Granpenhall-road, where the procession was joined by the mourners from the house, in which a short service, conducted by the Rev John Gunnell, bad just been held Toe cortege then proceeded on its way over the Cantilever Bridge, along the Grappenhall-road to the junction of the four roads at Stockton Heath. The mourners in their respective carriages continued ea their way to the church, the members of the Corporation, officials and magistrates returning to Warrington. The chief mourners were Miss Blackhunt, Miss Fiorrie Blackhurst (daughters), Mr and Mrn Parrett Ilfracombe (sonic-law and daughter) Mr limy Richardson (one of the deceased's oldest ser- vante) ; and Mr William Edison, of Bingswood, Prod- sham, the latter meeting the procession at Woaverham. The service was conducted by the Vicar of the parish. A number of beautiful wreaths were placed on tho coffin, which was of fumed oak with brass rnountings,and bore the inscription :—" George Blackhurst, born January 2,6 h, 1823, died September 10th, 1900." The funeral arrangements were el atistactorlly carried out by Messrs R Garnett and Sons.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Mr Joseph Titchett.

The grave closed over the remains of the late Mr Joseph Titchett, in Hill Cliff° grave 'yard, on Saturday afternoon. At three o'clock a ‘hort service was held in Legh-street Primitive Methodist Chapel and was well attended. It was conducted by the Rev Charles Finch and the Rev M H Chapman, of Widnes. At the close of the service the organist Mr Fred Podrnore, played the dead march in " Saul." The cortege then left for Bill Chile, and the service was concluded at the graveside. The chief mourners were Mr George litchett, Mr Albert Titchett, Mr Arthur Titchett, Mr'Stanley Tirchett (sons); Mr Thomas Thciett (brother) ; Mr J Phillips. Mr T Jones, Mr J Clayton, and Mr T P Jonr.4 (sons-in law). Amongst thcee present were : 'Tne Rev J Calvert, Rev E T Reed, Councillor Forshaw. and Mescrs J L Fleming, J Woodward, James Mourifirld, W Colville, James Bolton, J Griffiths, A Calvert, J Whitley, J Podmore, J Jones, C Cotton, E Mairs, J Saunders, A Spruce, W Fligginson, W Crampton (sen), W Crampton, (jun), J T Rowlands, and J Bissell. 'foe Mersey Bed- stead Company were represented by Messrs D Fanshaw, George Clay, W Benner. A F Hary, F W Cross!ey, Peter Harrison ; and the Star Bowkett Building Society by Messrs B H Pearson, W Winstanley, .; W Hayward. R Lunt, J Gandy, J Massey, J Buckley, J Owen, and R Sutton. The coffin was made of fumed oak with heavy brass mountings, and bore the inscription :—" Joseph Titchett, aged 58 years, died September 20:h, 1900". A large number of floral tributes were sent.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football. [By " Ovalist."]

Warrington were fairly beaten on Saturday, and as they had nrit expected such a fate at Stockport, the re- sult came as a disagreeable surpriae- It appoara that they have a bonus system at Stockport whereoy there is a difference of about laa. to the players between victory- and defeat, and so far the SCiIOLLIE3 seems ta have worked well, for Stockport are still undefeated and going very, strongly. There was no mistake about toeir determina- tion on Satuaday, and they fairly earned the extra half- sovereign.

Warrington were unfortunate in having to take the field minus Taylor and Fish, the abs"nce of the latter making a lot of difference, as his substitute, Duckwo:th, never made much progresa, although he worked hard and was ever on the alert. Fish would have had one or two profitable chances on Saturdayond then the reeu.t of the game might have been different. His presence mtkes a wonderful difference to the strength of the team, and even "Smack's" re-appearance on Saturday did not compensate for the absence of the" finny creature."

In addition to being defeated Warrington got a very severe " gruelling," and met the test set of forwards they have seia so far. I thought Warrington were pretty strong in this department but St. lieleas dis- pelled a few illuiions, while Stockport simply altered my opinion altogether. Though they got possession oftenest by smart heeling out, the Warrington front rank was simply out-classed in footwork and following-up. The backs had an experience fvf the latter similar to that experienced by the Salford "stars "at Wilder- spool. They were grassed with a bang oftener than not when they got the ban. Stockport know exictly how high to kick a ball for it to drop at tile feet of the speedy forwards, and they never failed to give Warrington trouble by these somewhat ele.mentary but effective methods of play.

The game was gimped bakire the biggest crowd I hava seen at Edgely Park, where they are poor sportsmen, if the team is losing. They were terribly in earnest too, and the way thcy shouted when four" clarets" pulver- ised one weak Warringtonian was distinctly blood- thirsty. On the stand, too, they had 93M0 ideas of the game which ought to los phonograpbed for the benefit of referees.

There was a peculiarly apathetic air about Warring— ton in the earlier stages of the game, and for vite 20 minutes they didn't show form worth a continental. Then an ill•judged punt by Duckworth gave Worsley and Robinson a clear run in, the wing man scoring cleverly at the corner. This did the visitors good and they roused up, only to see Robinson run behind the posts from an opening made by Simister and a few other torwards who happened to be "on side" at the right moment. Bevan landed a goal in additionsso that Warrington's cup of misfortune was about full. It was rather a lucky try and certainly won the game.

Robinson deserves credit for it, however, for he took the opportunity very smartly. It is a strange thing that Robinson always scores against Warrington, sometimes three tries, but always one or two. I never remember him failing yet when he has been playing,,and it was therefore with unhappy forebodings that I saw him entering the ground with the other members of the home team. Somehow or other I had hoped his frequent injuries would have kept him out of the game to counter- balance the absence of Fish. But no, he was there and did the usual damage to Warrni.ztos record. He is a fine wing, and seemed to play as well as ever on Satur- day.

Reverting to the game again, Warrington 903 n re- covered from the misfortunes which betel them, and smarter work by the backi raised hopes in the breasts of their supporters. Bate was as skilful and tactful as ever, and it was from one of his well-timed openings that IQherwold and Duckworth ran half the length of the field, the latter scoring at the corner after an excel- lent piece of combined play.

There was no score in the second half, in which Warrington were much more energetic and ought to have scored with a little extra smartness and ordinary luck. Stockport came just as near to increas- ing their margin, and the honours of this half were about even. Hallam, Lawless, and Bate were the best backs on the losing side, the full back playing a grand game against tremendous odds, for the home forwards were on him in a flash, Lawless was much the better of the two centres. Isherwood being quite off-colour. His swollen face may be some excuse, for he did not leek" fit" by any means. I hope he will tumble into form soon, for his smart play is necessary to make the threequarter line successful. Burgess also shaped badly but solely owing to the way in which he got tackled and passed clumsily when free. He certainly has a lot to learn in feeding the three-quarters. " Smack" was an good form and his jndicious play had a lot to do with the decent show Warrington managed to make. Bevan at half, Worsley and Robinson, at three-quarters, were the pick of the home/rem all three being both smart and speedy. For the forwards there can be nothing but praise. They were both stronger and faster than their opponents and will take a lot of beating anywhere.

I don't want to take the opportunity of Warrington's first defeat to find fault, but the fact remains that Warrington cannot go through the season with eight forwards, and one or two of those not quite class enough. We never ware so badly off for scram- magers. The "A" team does not contain one who may be considered a first-class reserve, while the first team is too light in this department. The committee will have to bestir them- selves and increase the number of forwards, or more than one defeat will be met with shortly. One or two big-boned north-cOuntrymen are the sort required, and they can be found.

St. Helens last on their own ground to Runcarn who played a far superior game all round. There were other surprises for home teams too. Salford and Leigh actually getting severely defeated by Rochdale Hornets and Millom respec- tively, while Oldham only just got the better of Barrow. The latter had tho best of the game but lacked scoring power. They will have to be reckoned with by several clubs yet. Broughton Rangers obtained their first victory at the expense of Wigan, Widnes succumb- ing to Swinton, who are going the strongest of any of the Lancashiro clubs.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIITLE HEROINE.

The anxieties that agitate parents when their children are out of sight are sufficiently nerve-shaking, bu!.; the dangers that the little ones may fall into even under be eyes of the most devoted mothers, must be watched for as earnestly. Often the warning is insignificant, and the mischief done before it is perceived. An incident illustrating the truth of the e remarks came to the netic3 of thee" Southend Observer," and a reporter was sent to verify the details. Edith Wo^d is a little girl of twelve years, whose par Ants live at Walden's Farm, Great Stambridge, near Southend on Sea. "Mrs Wood was at home when I paid my Visit." writes the pressman. "and she showed herself (pito pleased to talk about her little girl. I suggested to the mother that she should tell me the facts in her own words."

..Well," she began, " last year the child became very strange in her niove'ments, and before long I saw it meant something more serious than childish antics. I sent for a doctor, and he said at once she had St. Vitus' dance. He came to see her regularly, and prescribed for her, but she did not seem to mend at all. She suffered a great deal, in fact. She used to be a bright child full of fun, and always ready to play with her mates, but when attacked by thi3 complaint she would come home and sit na Aping by herself. She was affected all down the left sidetand her arm was always twitching, esnecially her writit and hand. Sometimes in the middle of the night she would waken us up with her screams. This went on for three or four mouths, till one day a neighbour, whose daughter had been seized just in the same way, advised me to try a cure which had made her own child well—Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. I talked the matter over with my husband, and we agreed to try a box of the pills. I must say that the first box we had didn't seem to make any difference, but we bought another, and then Edith grew better rapidly. Altogether we had three boxes, and by the time the child had finished the last one she, had lost the complaint completely. lain sure that Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured my child effectually, because it's months now sinco Edith ceased taking them, and she hasn't had the slightest return of her ailment. She is now as bright as any child could be."

At the moment Edith raced up, eutrunning her brothers with whom she had been romping in a field hard by. She looked the, picture of health. It is a fatal mistake to assume that children have no nerves. In young or old, adults or children, any disease or disorder of the brain or spine is manifested through the nerves, causing such disorders as epilepcy, tits, paralysis, neuralgia, early decay of the faculties and functions in middle life. and St. Vitus' dance in child- hood or old age. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured all these disorders,alsO the effects of imperfect nutrition and poor blood, such as rickets in children, rheumatism and sciatica in adults. But the pills are genuine only with full name. Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by Dr. Williams' medicine company, Holborn Viaduct. London, at two and 'ninepeuce a box, or Rix boxes for thitteen and nine. Imitation pink pills are a snare and a delusion, and are offered to the public only for the sake of extra prat to the tradesman.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians, was held at tha Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday, when there were present :—Messrs. J Moseley Whining, (chairman), A R Norm in. T Lea, T Reynolds; the Rural District CJuncillors,with Mr. George F Ashton (clerk), Mr. W E Elough (deputy clerk), and Mr. Joseph Canaan (master).

-MEDICAL OFFICER'S SALARY APPROVED

The L)ca.l Government Board wrote approving of the proposal of the Guardians to increase the salary of Dr. Selby, medical officer of the Workhouse, from £9O to £lO5 per annum. Dr. Selby also wrote returning thanks for the in- crease.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PAUPERISM.

The Clerk submitted a comparative statement of pauperism and expenditure during the years 1872, 1898, 1899, and 1900 in the Runcorn Union. Number of piupers relieved: Ist January, 1872, 1,106 ; 1898, 899 ; 1899, 914; and 1900, 886. Proportion per cent. of in-door and out-door pauperism : 1872, in. 15 1, out, 84'8; 1898, in. 19.3, out, 806; 1899, in, 19.2, out, 807; 1900. in, 20'3, out, 79'6. Rate per cent of p,uperisai on the population : 1872, 3-6; 1898, 2.1 ; 1899, 2.1 ;-1900, 2. Expmditure for in-door and out- door paupers: 1872, £2,792 ; 1898, £2,462; 1899, £2,500 ; 1900, £2,403; showing a decrease of £292 in the expenditure of Lady Day half-year, 1899, as com- pared with that of 1872, and a decrease of £97 in the Lady Day half-year, 1900, as compared with that of 1899. Cost per head on the population : 1899 returns, 1s 2d ; 1900 returns, 11 111.

Tile Obaitman observect that the return was a very satisfactory one.

FINANCES OF THE BOARD.

• Mr Thomes Wright reported that out-relief had been granted : Runcorn. £80; Frodsham. £22; Bud worth, £25. Toe balance last meeting was £336 13s ; received since £494; ch-,ques required that day £127, leaving a balance of £7Ol 13s. He proposed the Financial report be adopted. Mr Chadwick mended and the proposition was unanimously agreed to. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD AND THE ORDER OF 1888. Mr A R Norman, chairman of the Home Com- mittee intimated that the House Committee that morning had been occupied in the ,consideration of an order of the Local Government Board. He had heard a great deal of the Government red tapeism, but it seemed to him they would have to go far to b-,at the present case. The order was in reference to the "Creed Register." Under the present system the register had the names arranged alphabetically with columns for the recording the outgoing and incoming of the paupers, whilst the arrangement proposed by the Local Govern- ment Board entailed the writing of the inmate's name upon each occasion he re-entered the house. Mr Norman thought it should be pointed out to the Local Govern- ment Board that the Guardians considered they ware being put to the expense of getting a now book, when in their opinion they considered the existing system was good enough. In a further remark Mr Norman also referred to the fact that the Order of the lacal Govern- ment Board was dated 1868.

Mr Stokes : It is out of date. (Laughter.) The chairman said he had been into the matter and was like the litt'e boy " He would sooner die than adopt the Local Government Board's Order." (In- creased laughter.) After some further discussion the matter was deferred until after the next visit of Mr. Dansie (the poor law Union Inspector), with the view to obtaining his advice.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONTRACTS.

On the motion of sir. Joseph Stokes, the following contracts were accepted for the supplies of the House, for the ensuing half-year :—Geoage Bowcock, Warring- ton, butcher's meat and bacon; E Gregory, Runcorn, groceries ; Percy R Wright,Halton,drapery and clothing; J II Weston, Rancorn,drugs ; Taylor's. Liverpool, disin- fectants; Parkins4n and San, Warrington, brushes; R Evans and Co., Limited, coat; Joseph Bazley, Runcorn, shoes; William Grounds, Weston, cartage; Booth and Sons, Runcorn, conveyances. This was all the business:

PECULIAR DOCK ACCIDENT AT WESTON. A Man Killed. At the Runcorn Police Court, on Thursday, Mr. R. Dobson. coroner, held an inquest on the body of Thomas Dawson, a dock labourer, who met his death the previous day whilst following his employment.—Mr. L. Rosenberg represented the Weaver Navigation Trustees ; Mr. F. A. Lake solicitor, the Ocean and Accident Insurance , Co.:Limited ; and Mr. W. Renny, Connah's Quay the shipowners. Mary Gallimore, 91, Percivals-lane, Runcorn, wife of George Gallimore, salt labourer, identified the body as that of her step-brother Thomas Dawson, who lodged with her during the last fortnight. Johe Alfred Done, 54, Shaw-street, Runcorn, dock labourer, swore that on Thursday, he was helping DAW- son with others to unload a schooner, named" Annie Jones," which was in the" Delemere " Dock. at Weston Point. Toe cargo was blue clay. At the time the tide , was out and the dock was " dropped " technical I term for the lowering of the water °Mho lock to thel level of the Ship Canal). Witness described how the unloading was commenced at about :seven o'clock. The clay was raised in baskets out of the hold by means of the ship's winch and tackle attached to the ship's masts. The clay was then empted into barrows, upon a stage of eight planks con,tructed upon trestles and subsequently wheeled off to be weighed. The stage was constructed on trestles along the quay, and the end near the vessel was resting upon a spar suspended:from the vessel's rigging. There was tackle for the purpose of regulating the height of the spar according to the movement of the vessel. When the water in the dock was lewered, how- ever, the stage end fell, and he and Dawson were pre— cipitated upon the vessel's deck. Witness only acarred himself, but did not know what became of Dawson. He only saw him fall. He had been instructed by Mr. Cowley, the berthing-master, to be " careful " and when the dock was being raised to lower the stage and when the water was going out they were to raise it. They did raise the stage when the water was coming in.—By Mr. Rosenberg. The vessel was moored at both ends, and when the dock was lowered the moor- ings were slackened. When the vessel was being raised again there was a lot of slack rope. He did not see any of the crew go to take in tbe " slack," and consequently the vessel " came away" from the quay side, causing , the planks to become detached from the spar and fall. lie had taken part in the erection of the stage,and knew all the planks were safe and sound ones. It was his opinion, that had the mooring of the vessel been pro- perly attended to the accident would not have occurred. —By Mr. Lake: The clay was raised from the hold by the ship's crew, and not by any tackle belonging to the docks.—By a:Juror The planks protruded over the suspended spar about a foot. When he got all right after falling, he found the vessel was about three feet from the quay. Deceased and birnself were responsible for the raising and lowering of the spar, but he thought it was the deck hands who were responsible for the moorine of the vessel. George Cowley, berth master, at the Weston Point dock, testified to seeing the "Annie Jones "in the dock on Thursday. Deceased and the last witness spoke to him about berthing the vessel the previous afternoor. Subsequently it was done, and the vessel was moored with two ropes fore and aft. He gave instructions to deceased and Done after the manner described by the last witness.—By Mr. W. Rennes? : He gave instructions to the mate of the vessel to look after his "bowsprit " when the dock would be raissd or lowered. That was all the instructions be gave to the vessel hands. Joseph Wakefield, 45, Bentick-street, Runcorn, weigher in the employ of the Weaver Navigation Trustees, said he saw the stage fall. Done and deceased were upon it ; but he only saw the deceased fall. Deceased fell upon the ship's deck. He saw the " spar " go away from the stage, and the stage fall upon the vessel's deck and the quay side. He went to the side of the vessel, but could not get on as it was away from the quay side. Dr. Andrew McLennan, of Runcorn, said he was called to see the deceassd at Westen Point,about half-past nine on Thursday. He found he was recently dead. On examining the body he found a contwed bleeding wound at the back of tho head ; there was also blood issuing from the nostrils, and in his opinion the cause of death was " fracture of the base of the skull." After a brief retirement, the jury returned a verdict of "accidental death," and added a rider that they were of opinion the operations of discharging when of that nature should be under the direction of a responsible person. Mr. Rosenberg said he would see that the jury's recommendation was forwarded to the proper quarter. - Mr. Dobson took the opportunity of thanking Mr.' Rosenberg for the sketch of the scene of the disaster he had provided for the use of the Court ; without it he was afraid they would have had some difficulty in under- standing the situation.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
UNCONQUERABLE.

A Plain Statement of Facts.

Veno's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doc- tors themselves at home and abroad, because they rEcognise in it a scientific remedy possessing the greatest therapeutic value, and a quick cure for all ailmeats arising from a diseased condition of the stomach, liver. kidneys and Wood. It possesses marvellous tonic and strengthening nower. is. it and 2). 9d. Sold by Boot's Limited,Knowles Warringt9n, Peake, Earlestown anl Newton, Weston and co., Riinnorn Foggitt Widnes and all Chemists. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINIMAL LiATNIIS.—Advt

MAIL CARTS AND BASSINETTES.—J. S. Gimaim, Furnishing Ironmonger, 61 to 55, Bridge-street, War- rington.—Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK YOU GOOD BOOTS. -Advt

===== 0002601_19000928_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
tettr:; to tbr ebitor.

Mr. Pierpoint's Election Address.

Sir,—This document is an exemplary specimen of brevity and reticence, and is embellished with three flags and a crown to stimulate the loyalty of his fol- lowers. The ex-member has had some eight years ex- perience of the light and leading of Lord Salisbury mud his henchman, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain and he saoriA, therefore, be in a position to lighten our darkness as to the benefits conferred upon the nation by those men. But with the peculiar modesty which befits him so well he contents himself by saying, "I might with confidence refer to the many measures which have been passed by Her Majesty's Government during the Parliament now ending, for the welfare of the country at large, and the working classes in particular." The latter part of this sonorous sentence provokes a smile. Is there any elec- tor so benighted that he does not know that the Salis- bury Administration have not even touched the fringe of the great wrongs under which the masses of the country are Buffering. What have they done for the landless millions who have been divorced from the soil , by unjust laws framed for the benefit of I the classes ? What have they done to ameliorate the ! closing days of the aged poor whose patient toil built op I the wealth upon which Lord Salisbury and his friends ! live in idleness and luxury ? What have they done to ! remove the huge injustice of a Parliamese-made Church which outrages the conscience and the rights of Christian men who utterly repudiate its spurious claims? And what have they done to put down, or even limit, the ravages of the liquor traffic, which are every day becoming moro aggressive, and threaten, sooner or later, ! !to engulf the' country in perdition ? One answer, and ' only one can be given to each of these vital questions, and that answer is, absolutely nothing ! Mr. Pierpoint says that " Lord Salisbury and his Administration have brought the Empire safely through all the difficulties and dangers that surrounded it, and ! have made England's power felt and respected through- out the world." This is grand phrastug but, unfortu- nately, it is not in accordance with facts. Every news- paper reader knows that the Boers are still opposing our I armies and slaying our soldiers ; that fire and sword are ! ! now trying to put down rebellien in Ashanti ; that the slaughter of the Arabs in the Soudan has not yet brought about the trade and tnissioning that were expected of it; and that the difficulty in China is not only not settled, but i actually becoming more menac- ing every day. The ex-member very discreetly abstains from solicit- ing our votes on social grounds, for he knows very well that questions affecting the real interests of the people do not, and never did,find much favour with legislators ,of the Salisbury and Chamberlain types. War is their forte, because by it they can rouse the baser passions of the people and thus divert their attention from their , wrongs and oppression at borne. The war in South Africa is the ground upon which Mr. Pierpoint seeks re-election to Parliament. OE that war he says, " I affirm it to have been a just war, and one for the origin of which we are in no way rcsponsib'e." I deny both these propositions. No war can be just, because the Creator has not yet made man the arbiter of human life. If a man under the influence of some sinister motive kills his neighbour we call his crime murder ; and what is the killing of thousands on the battle field for selfish interests but a multiplication of that crime ' Then with regard to reaoonsinility for the war, tho opinion of Mr. Pierpoint will not relieve us of our share of it. Both parties were to blame in the matter, and He to whom vengeance belongeth will hold each responsible for its full share of the awful bloodshedding in South Africa.

For these reasons I would earnest!y counsel my fellow workers t, withhold their votes from Mr. Pier- ppint• Tnat gentleman represents a party who have no love for the working classea except at election times when they condescend to use them for their political ends. A Government which has already sacrificed forty thousand men, and expended nearly one hundred mil- lions of their hard earnings in destroyint two little Republics is not one that should command the respect and support of working men wit) value their own inde- pendence and the freedom of their country. And, be- sides, let them remember that all the while the war in South Africa has hen going on thousands of their fellow-workers in India have been dying of starvation and plague, unpitied and unrelieved by the most power- ful and most boastful Tory Government of modern times.—Yours truly, lONA. 25th September, 1900.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL HARVEST FESTIVALS.

St. Michae!'s Church, Runcorn.

The harvest festival services were continued on Sun- day, when there were good congregations. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, M.A., vicar, while at evensong the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. W. Dawes, cura'a of Frodsham Parish Church. The.t otal of the collections at all the services was £9 10s.

Bethesda Congregational Church, Runcorn.

The harvest festival in connection with the above place of worship took place on Sunday, when the preacher both morning and evening was the Rev J Osborne, M.A., (pastor). The church was tastefully decorated with an abundant supply of fruit, vegetables, corn and flowers. Sp:!cial music was rendered by the choir, assisted by Miss Bevan, of Wales, who gained a prize in the eisteddfod held at Liverpool. Thera were good congrega- tions at all the services.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Salvation Army.

The Runcorn section of the above held harvest thanks- giving services on Sunday last, which were conducted by the officers. The gatherings were well attended. There was a lavish display of fruit, fhwers, and vege- tables, and the citadel presented an attractive appear- ance. On M)nday a concert was held, and the fruit, &z., was afterwards sold.

Five Crosses Wesleyan Chapel, Frodsham

The annul services were held on Sunday, when the Rev. A. A. Woodcock, of Didsbury College, preached morning and evening, the choir rendering creditably anthems and other music. The interior of the chapel presented a pleasing appearance, decked as it was with a &aoice display of beautiful flowers, whilst within the clmraunion were displayed to advantage many fruits and vegetables.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Primitive Methodist Chapel, Frodsham.

On Sunday morning and evening special services were conducted in the above-named chapel by Mr. Wilson. of Runcorn.and Mr Joseph Spruce, of Preston Brook. . The friends had decorated the chapel with much taste.

St. John's, Earlestown.

Harvest thanksgiving services were held in St. John's Church, Etrlestown, on Sandy. As in previous years the church was profusely dec9rated with fruit, flowers, cereals and vegrtables, the lady members of the congre- gation having been busily engaged in the adornment. The morning preacher cc es the Rev E Avent, M.A., of Ashton, and ia the evening the Rev H Wades9n, rector of Croft, occupied the pulpit. In the afternoon the Earlestown Brass Band was present, and after a short service, rendered a capital selection of sacred music. There were large congregations at each of the services, and the collections amounted to En 19 21. The services were continued on Tuesday evening, when the Rev Canon Willis,Rector of Warrington matched ; on Wed- nesday evening. preacher, Rev CI-, Cross. M.A.. vicar of Stretton, and on Thursday evening, when the Rev J C Stredder, M.A.. of Liverpool, occupied the pulpit. Earlestown Wesleyans.

Speeial services for harvest thanksgiving were held in the Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday. The interior of the chapel had been very prettily decorated for the occasion with fruit, flowers, cereals, a novelty in the decora- tions being a miniature farm, which was capitally made. The fields and farrn7ard were faithfully reproduced and tne miniature stacks were nicely made. The decorations were carried out by several of the lady members of the congregation. Special hymns and anthems wero sung at the morning and evening services, and the preacher was the Rev C E Dove, the resi lent minister. In the afternoon the sacred cantata " Fountain of Life," was given by the chcir. under the conductorship of Mr. Thomas Clue, with Miss Greenall at the organ. On Monday night the services wore continued, when the Rev Moffatt Cantrey preached.

RING UP THE PRINTERS! TELEPHONE No. 0489. JOHN WALKER, & CO., TIIE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY SrREET PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMP PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN,

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINFING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING, BOOKBINDING, LITHOGRAPHY, &C.,

FROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRING TON

SUICIDE OF A LYMM FARM LABOURER.

A Public Mortuary Wanted.

Mr. E. A. White, coroner, held an inquest ac the Court House, Lymm,on Manday,touching the death of Patrick Garrity, a farm .labourer, who was drowned in the Canal on Saturday. John Conellen, a labourer, said the body was that of Patrick Garrity, a farm labourer, who was about 40 years of age. He left him about 6.30 on Saturday night at the Nag's Head, Lymin. He was not drunk. He worked with him at Mr. Thomas Davis's, at High Leg,b, and had been driaking for about a fottnignt. He had been with deceased all the day. They had been in differ.nt peblic-houses. They had been drinking beer all day. He asked deceased to come home, but he said it was "too soon," and be left him. Edward Leather, farmer, Warburton, said that on Saturday night, about 10 10, he heard a voice saying: " Here goes for it," and tnen &splash. He gave an alarm, and a woman came wkth a light and a clothes prop, but he could not get heed of the body. A man afterwards dived for it, but failed to bring it up until they got grappling irons. Thomas Wrule, barman at the Bull's Head, Lymtn, depose] that he was informed the; a man was drowning in the Canal, and he dived in and got hold of the body, which was at the bottom, near the middle, but it was too heavy so he bad to leave go. Thomas Winstanley, landlord of the Nags's Head, Lymm, said he knew the deceased. He had called in his house several times during the last fortnight. Ha called about noon. and had several pints of beer, and left abont 7.30 the first, time, and came again about 9.30 but had nothing then. He left at 10.10. when he was sober but restless.

The Corouor said it was a very creditable perform- ance on the part of the man Boyle to jumpiato the canal and try and save the life of the deceased. A verdict of "Suicide by drowning whilst temporarily insane," was returned. Sergeant Garner asked the Coroner to call attention to the want of a public mortuary in Lymm and suggested that one should be built by the Lymm Urban District Council when they erected the new offices. The Coroner endorsed Sergeant Garner's view, and hoped the District Council would do sJmething in the matter at an early date. Toe jury also suggested that the Bridgewater Canal Company should place lifc-nuoys on each side of Lymm. Bridge, as such a number of accidents had occurred. Boyle was called into the ro -In and thanked for big brave conduct in jumping into the canal in his endeavour to save the life of the deceased.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

e:l4g/M2ftalti.l

,

...

===== 0002601_19000928_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A,' .

COUNTY REVISION COURTS. PENKETEL

Mr. James Thomas Foard, revising barrister, attended at the Crows Rotel, P3nketh, on Tu. )sday morning to revise the lists of voters and county and parochial elec- tors for the townships of Bold, Cuerdley, Great Sankey, and Penketh. Mr Flogand Owen and Mr W Mawdsley appeared for the Conservatives and Mr El B Shores for the Liberals.—Tho only point of interest arose in regard to a claim for a lodger's vote in Great Sankey by Mr R Evans, solicitor, Warrington. Mr Shores contended that as the claimant made a gross payment for rooms and board at his father's house the claim was bad.—Mr Owen agreed acd remarked that the claim was not his.—Mr Shores repudiated the suggestion that he had put forward the claim.—The claim was disallowed.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington Police Station in the afternoon, Mr Feard revised the lists for Warringtln, Poulton-with- Fearnhead, Woolston-with-Vartinscroft, an Rixton- witirGlanbrook. Several ownership claims for War- rington were allowed. The whole of the business was quite formal. A court had been fixed for the evening.but by arrange- ment between the agents the business was completed at the afternoon sitting. NEWTON. _ _ _

A Court for the Revision (7)f-tne voters lists of Earles- town, Newton, Burtnnwood, Winwick-with-Hulme, Southworth-with-Croft, was held at the Newton Town Hall on Wednesth.y, by Mr J T Foard. Revising Barris- ter. Mr W Holland Owen, with Mr W Mawaley, appeared for the Conservatives, and Mr El B Snores for the Liberals. Very little interest appeared to be taken in the pncudings, and there was a small attendance of the public. A YEOMANRY VOLUNTEER LOSES HIS VOTE. The only case of any interest Wai in respect of the obj-ction by the Liberal agent to the name of Arthur Owbridge, whose name appeared on the list as for 301, Wargravc-r,ad,Earlestown. It app•ared that Owbridge is at present serving in South Africa with the Imperial Yeomanry, and hislather appeared to answer the ob- jection. In the course of the examination it turned nut that the father resided at 301, Wargrave-road, and the son also lived in Wargrave-road, but the house bore no number. Mr. Shores ssid that Arthur Owbridge had never claimed and had not been put on the register for the house occupied. Mr. Owbridge said his son did not occupy 301, Wet- grave-road, but he occupied another house, and during his absence in South Africa had allowed another to live in the house, but it was in their occupation yet. The Barrister : What do you mean by "our" Mr. Owbridge said when his son came back from the front, he had a right to walk into that house. and the objection to his son was wrong, becalm, it objected to 301, which was his father's house, and it was invalid. The Barrister said the point was that Arthur Ow- bridge did not re4ide at 301, Wargrave-road, and conse- cusently the entry in the register was wrong, and the objection must stand. There were no other cases of interest, but there were several passages at arms between the respective repro- sentatives on technical grounds. In the evening a sitting was held for the benefit of working men, but nothing of any moment transpired.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. AIANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND RRPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), ___ 37. lIHNSHAW-STREET, LIVKRPOOL.

ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE. BAIIGATNb IN ALI, DEPARTMENTS. SEVERAL LOTS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF FURNISHING IRONMONGERY AT GHEATLY REDCCED PRICES.

j. S. GARLAND. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. .„

r. TolOrmNa,stetlrMozif. v43c(ki.g, V Church)le IN 1 It (Organist and WiLPACYh RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE/ HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC etc., at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 58, LEGH-STREET, Warrington.

; LADIES' 114LASTIO STOCKING

DEPARTMENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTING. Firet-elali Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS LEGGINGS IP KNEE CAPS „ ANKLkad

THE CELEBRATED BLACK SCARBORO'

COAT. WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICR 25/-

CYCLE CAPES FROM 2/11.

NO MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRACES, from 3s. lid.

THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN.

J. E. HUGHES, AND SONS.

36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF 011URCII-STREET). LIVERPOOL. LATE:ST. GEORGE CRESCENT.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION, IT OOPIN G COUGII Tht, celebrated e frectua

ITOOPING COUGH cure without interna medicines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 4s.p er bottl e. Sole holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWAIMS SZ SON, 157, Queen Victoria street. GROUP London. . POORE'S HERBAL EIvIBROCkTION.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T

r

. AO4,

IJ'

===== 0002601_19000928_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
•. - - _ • • " .1V L- - - - • -*err - - .• I

I

wiraettrtmmizm7m,7

its larval state, we should have to put up with the inconveniences of its presence oftener than we have. The only mosquitoas which bother the in- habitants of this part of the globe are those which arrive on foreign vessels, and not a small propor- tion of them find their way up the Ship Canal. There have been cases of mosquito-bite even in Latchford, and the experience is one the victims have no desire to repeat.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe "Opintzur " e4nrits

TH" •. WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." pab.ished every Saturday morning. T"E EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER,', published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER,” published every Friday afternoon.

THE " RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 13 27 36 45 f,3 The above ch,rges are for PREPAYMENT only. filo adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

===== 0002601_19000928_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
A wino tr &t 1 banig. dr.

-- --- NVANTED, at onae, good COOK, also strong General.— WAGGON HOTEL, Haydock, near St. Helens.

ItyANTED Young GIRL to help in house generally.— Apply MRS. FRAME, 6, Lauderdale-street, Preston,

WAN'TBD, good GHNBRAL ; four in family.—Mrs. BALL, Algos Lodge, Adswood-lane, West, Stockport.

WANTED SERVANT WOMAN, able to milk; Is per week. Mrs WALKER, Dixon's Farm, Fulwood, Pres- ton.

WANTUD plain COOK able to wash. Family three. Good wages. App'y Mrs COBGRAVE, Bradshaw, Brow, Bolton.

WANTED, respectable GIRL. about 15; no washing ; good home.-17, ST. BEE-3TREET, Moss bide, Man- ehestEr.

WANTED, a NURSE ; comfortable situation ; wages £l6 to £lB.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlasa-street, Warrington.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL. experienced; also House- maid Waitress ; family four.—Mrs. Sf3trsort,Cowley- Bt. Helens.

AVANTED, strong GIRL for kitchen work ; live in.— Address KINSLEY.B Cccoi Rooms, 219. Chapel-street, Salford, Manchester.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT at once, 18 to 25; two children ; good home.—Apply Bins ToPPElG,Plumber Bastwell. Blackburn.

WANTED HOUSIMAID WAITtiIiSS excellent situation near Warrington, wages £23. Apply Miss HUDSoN, 19, Irlam-street Warrington.

401 TED, GENBRAL. 18 or 20; small family; nurse kept ; washing ; wages £l5; a good home.-17,1Y0RIC AVENUE. Sefton Park, Liverpool.

WANTED, good GRNESAL SERVANT, in minister's family.—Apply. Mrs. BEIGDEN, Samlest,ury House Ramsbottom, near Manchester.

WA N T ED , good GENERAL. for small family ; plain cooking. little washing ; £l4 ; reference required.— HIWoRTH, 1, Stanla3 -street, Accrington.

ADIRS in want of geed GENBRALSI and HOUSE- MAIDS apply Select Registry, Mrs. STANWORTH, Station-road, Oaken Oates, Shropshire.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL ; master and mistress only. Charing-washerwomm kept —BoTTosILEY'II RFOIsTRY, Moriey-street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

'ANDS') 11515IEDIATHLY, good plain COOK, excellent situation in centre of Warrington; wages ED —Apply Miss HUDSON. Registry. Irlarn-street, Warrington.

NU-ANTED, good plain COOK, at once; also an Under V ;Nurse, age 18 to 22 yeftrs.—Apply, stating particulars to Mrs. BOSTON, 25, Lulworth-road, Birkdale, bouthport.

WANTED, good GIiNERAL, by October 11, able to wash and do plain cooking ; small family ; references required.-4, Howenn-DRIVE, Grassendale, near Liverpool.

COOK or COOK-GENERAL, for small family ; housemaid kept ; age 22 to 28 ; wages £2o. Apply by letter,Wooinfann, Alderley Edge, Manchester.

- - - WANTBD HOUSBSIAID with good references, and Working Barmaid, trustworthy, also Cooks, and Superior Generals, blisa CI:WALES. Legh-street, Warrington.

WANTED immediately, young LADY as -weekly Governess ; excellent situatlon ; salary £`4s to £3o. Apply Miss linnsos, 19, Irlana-street, Warrington WANTED, a steady middle-sued PERSON as plain Cook; three kept ; good references required.— Apply, Mrs. LYMN, Worthingt m Hotel, Hindley, near Wigan.

WANTED Good COOK-GENLIRAL, able to bake and assist with washing . Church of Rngland, housemaid kept ; two in farnily.—Apply MRS. REDDIBH, Stamford-road, Bo won.

117 ANTED GENERAL SERVANT, by family of three to V do the wadhing ; must be clean and willing. good horne.--State wages, age, references, &a.. to E GROSS, 8, Cambridge -road S de-

MRS. PRESTON, Progreslive REGISTRY, P., BOLD PLACE Liverpool. end 44. :;11ARLES ST— Blackpool. wants Servants with references for Hotels. Boarding and Private Houses, good wages ; enclose stamp.

COMFOR CABLE HOME Required by Widow Lady (middle-aged) as HOUSEKERPHR. Companion or any Position of Trust ; domesticated ; excellent needlewoman ; nine years reference ; salary £:0 to £30.-Irs. GOULD, 97, Moscow-drive, Stoneycroft, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo krt.

$3, HOYLE STREET, rent 3s. 9,1. PENKETH. - Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and 2s. Scl. per week. HOWLEY QU Y. House. Stables and Land, rent £3O. SANKEY-STIth'ET, Lock-up Shoo. 35. BUTTERNIARK riT STREET, provision shop with Bakehouse. rent £4O. BANK STREET OFFICE, £.5 room. 25, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

rrO LET.—LARGE ROOM, Orford-street ; rent £23.— Apply WOODS a Sox, Solicitors, Horsemnrket-street, Warrington.

PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horsernarket-street, Warrington. SHOP TO LET, Psdgate, suit Butcher or C reengrocer, rent 53. week clear. —Apply J. S. GARIAND,Bridze-street, Warrington.

rllO LET, goo 4 HOUSE. Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.— .1 Apply WOODS AND bog, Solicitors, Horsernarket-street, Warrington.

SHOP and DWELL ING, convenient cellar. ad joining four others, suit butcher, grocer, &e.-55, BEWBEY STREET, Warrington ; apply tylcv.l.LaNn, 63.

TO LEI, STABL and COACH-HOUSE, with lofts over E large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply Woone and SON, Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-strEet, Warrington.

(N 00D CORM! SHOP and DWELLING HOUSE. (4 kJ large bedrooms, &c), In Warrington.—Apply Woons and Sex, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

- GRO. SKRLTON & SON. Manufs,eturers of Cut racks, Tingles. Hobs, Shoe Bills Iron and Brass Rivets, .§e., and all Grindery Nails. Importers ci Ryelits, Paper Buttons and General Shoe Memory. MILTON WORKS, BIRMINGHAM. Write for quotations.

DO UNEEDA WHOLESOME DRINK.

SAFE, SIMPLE,

GOOD, CHEAP.

TRY

WILLS' HYGEIA. SALT

A MILD APERIENT. BETTER THAN BITTERS

FOR STIMULATING THE APPETITE,

CURES HEADACHES. RELIEVBS INDIGESTION,

GIVES IN:MEDIATE RELIEF,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER

WHILST YOU DRINK IT.

Much superior to many expensive Salines sold

at more than double the price 1

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LTD.

(SOLE LOCAL AGENTS).

SIXPENNY SIZE SD. SHILLINCI SIZE 8,1. D.

35, BRIDGE-ST., AND MARKET GATE,

WARRINGTON. ALSO AT

RUNCORN, WIDNES, ST. HELENS. LIVURPOOL, ETC., Etc.

partnunto, & eurnisbeti 3Qattes.

A PARTMENTS, reasonable cbarge3.—BUßHOWB, 11, Stan- 1-1. ley Terrace, Windermere.

BLACKPOOL.—IIIeses WARD and FAMBROTHER, 28, Vance-road. near Central Station, sea, and all places of amusement; with or without board.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
INontp.

FOR ALL KINDS OF 1 )RINtING, 130ORBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHING,

TRY JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. STRIKING POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

ESTIM&TES FEE. NATIONAL TBLEYBONE 0489.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., GENERAL PRINTERS AND BOOKBINDERS, BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS,

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, Joax WALKEI. AND CO..

===== 0002601_19000928_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 28 1900.

Oates lip tititton.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SCEIOFIELD'S CORN CURE; safe and certain 40. LABJRATORY, Ashbrook street. Openshaw, Manchester.

UNAPPROACHED.

UNEQUALLED.

UNSURPASSED.

B.S.A. ,--, kIYCLES,

Built of genuine stamped B.S.A. fittings weldlesz steel tubes, lin. or kin. pitch roller chain, jointless hollow rims, Clincher tyres, or Westwood rims and Dunlop tyres, any shape handle bar. Machine complete and guaranteed to you for 12 months. We challenge the world in price, style, and finish. ALL WE ASK-4?0 17 0 Cash, or Easy _ll IS. Up. Terms arranged. Special Machines for Military, Police, and Postoffice purposes. _

We stock everything connected with Cycles and Cycling. Write for Descriptive Cate,logue. post free. RELIANCE CYCLE DEPOr. 17, MAtiOIiEsTEE-atuan. LIVHRPOOL.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
PRELI MINARY ADVBRTISIIMENT.

WARRINGTON PARLIAMENTARY ELECTION, 1900' Jthe UNDERSIGNED, being the appointed 1 Election Agent for Robert Pierpolnt, Esq.. a Candidate at the above Election, hereby give notice that, in view of the provisions of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 1883. the said Candidate will not be answerable or accountable for any payment for goods supplied, services rendered, or expenses incurred by any person acting or claiming to act, on his behalf, unless such purchase, service, or expense has been previously authorised in writing un,ler my hand, _

Signed. HENRY GREENALL. of No. 3, Winwiek-at., Warrington. Dated 2Cth September, 1900.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.

GENTLEMEN.-

Her Majesty having dissolved Her fourteenth Parlia- ment, I venture, in response to the cordial invitation which I have received.to offer myself a third time as your representative.

During the past five years we have experienced as regards foreign affairs a most trying and difficult period, but Lord Salisbury and his Administration have brought the Empire safely through all the difficulties and dangers that surrounded it, and have made Eng!and's power felt ard respected throughout the world. I might win confidence refer to the many measures which have been passel by Iler Majesty's Government during the Parliament now ending, for the welfare of the country at large,and the working classes in particular, as well as to the extraordinary revival and prosperity which have occurred in connection with the Trade of the Country,butl feel it is in respect of the great war in which we have been engaged during the past 12 months that the verdict of the Electors is asked and must be given. This war provoked by the ambition and benighted ignorance of the Boer oligarchy, culminating in an invasion of British territory anti in the issuing of an insulting ultimaturnis now practically at an end. So far as we are concerned, I affirm it to have been a just war and one for the origin of which we are in no way responsible, and that there is reason to believe it will for ever convince the Boers or and manifest to the world at large, the determination of the English Nation to maintain their great Empire intact. I deplore the great loss of valuable lives that has occurred, but the devotion and self sacrifice of our Soldiers, and Sailors, and the ready response to the call to arms by Volunteers of all classes of Society and from all parts of the Kingdom, together with the enthusiastic assistance of our pmverfial colonies, have formed an object lesson to the world at large showing that the Kingdom and the Empire are one and indivisible.

I ask you for your votes and support at the approach- ing Election, as a pledge that you approve of the policy pursued by Lord Salisbury and his colleagues regarding the justice and necessity of the War, and that you desire that the complete and final settle neat of the South African question shall be left in their hands, so that there may be no repetition of weak surrender. and no risk run of there ever again arising a hostile State in that part of the Queen's dominions. Thus only may you feel assured that the sacrifice of life and treasure during the 'past year has not been in vain: and that the two former republics now inbsgral parts of the Queen's dominions, shill remain for ever under the Union Ja:.:k.

I am Gentlemen. Your faithful servant, ROI3IIIIT PIHRPOINT.

St. Austina. Warrington, 2lat September, 19)0.

WANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS.--Mrs. Felsberg, Hoylake.

NAT ANTED HOUSSMAID-WAITRESS for September V Protestant.-12, FALICNER-EQUARE. Liverpool.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; no washing,—Apply Mr 3. HARDIE, The Elms, Leftwich, Northwich.

WANTED. strong young WOMAN for farmhouse.—Apply V T M. STANDRING, Boaredge Farm, Indies, near Bury, Lancashire.

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT 18t October; six in family; help given ; good wages,—McKERRACBER, Presto House, Farnworth, Bolton.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SEPTEMBER 28Ta 1900.

THE hard hitting of the

Blow for Blow. Liberal leaders is new a marked feature of the cam- paign. The Government is getting blow for blow, and the effect is rather startling. The defence of the Government, mainly left to Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN and Mr. BALFOUR, gets weaker and weaker, and there are important daily secessions from the Unionist side. When the fight began it was appar- ently one for a compact united Cabinet. It is no longer possible to say anything of the kind. Mr. GOSOLIEN has retired from the Government, and there are ominous hints as to other changes. Lord SALISBURY and Sir M. HICKS-BEACH are likely to be affected by an important reduction in the Ministerial majority now admitted to be certain. There are clamourers for the retirement of Lordl LANSDOWNE, because of his incompetent manage- ment of the war. This is the best answer to Mr. WYNDHAM at Dever; and when he had been praising the War Office his I/ constituents reminded him of the obsolete guns in the forts of Dover, and he had to admit their existence. The effort to charge upon the late Government that it had neglected the army is met by a quotation from Mr. BALFOUR in 1896, when he said: "There never was a moment, I believe, in the recent history of this country when the British Empire was a better fighting machine than it is at the present moment." The other night Mr. BALFOUR had the audacity to say that the Liberals had achieved no great roform in the Army since 1870. The retirement of the DUKE of CAMBRIDGE and the acceptance of the suggestions of the Hartington Commission for a Commander- in-Chief selected for a term, was the last official act of the late Liberal Government. The war in South Africa found us unprepared. The Boors had been busy, and no remonstrance was offered. We could not remonstrate nor check, Mr. BAL- FOUR said, because the Raid had shut our mouths. He went further, because he said some time ago: "'We entered on this war insufficiently prepared," and peace nego- tiations would have been hampered by warlike preparations. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN goes on repeat- ing the "barefaced inaccuracy" (to use Lord SPENCER'S phrase) about his negotiations being rendered null and void by certain letters, to which Mr. KRUGER paid more attention than to anythiug else. But it was the Raid, and the South African Committee fiasco, which had more to do with failure than anything else. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is astute enough to forget the two things, and to prefer to libel his own countrymen. He said at Oldham: "I am here to fight for the flag." Well, the blow in reply is that we only tarnished it by beginning a war without due preparation, and that Colenso and Magersfontein are as bitter as Majuba. The flag has been fought for by our soldiers, and the fight is nearly over, and we all joice in the fact. It is to soil the flag to bring it into party conflicts,and to claim it as a Unionist emblem. Mr. BALFOUR says the country is only to peak about one inatter—the settlement. Sir W. HARCOURT has properly styled this a" Constitu- tional impertinence," an impudent declaration. The country has to review the whole conduct of an Administration which appeals to it for a new lease of power. It would be an absurdity for any other course to be taken. What the country sees is that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN and Mr. BALFOUR are fighting for the future Premiership under cover of the war, and that the Government to which they belong tells us othing about what they will do for domestic affairs. Will they appeal again when South Africa has been settled ? Noc they. Hence the chatter about" a clear cut issue" is mere balderdash. The issue is disguised by a trick, and it is this trick which is producing Liberal unity and Liberal enthusiasm in increasing volume every day. The British Colonies are what they are by reasan of Liberal reforms and statesman- ship. South Africa was peaceful and its races united in 1895. Now the Unionists claim to have created the loyalty that is the fruit of self-rule ; and having unsettled the peace that Liberals had secured, they denounce the Liberals as incapable of settling South Africa! Such Brummagem fallacies are, happily, being found out.

• LORD LANSDOWNE has been Warform Office compelled to reply to LORD Re. ROSEBERY. The DUKE of DEVONSHIRE had previously found himself in the same fix. The head of the War Office, however, has fared no better than the Chairman of the Defence Committee and the President of the Council. MR. BRODRICK and others have accused the late Liberal Government of neglecting the army, and it is established that the worst charge—

that of reducing the artillery—is wholly untrue, because the reduction was made by MR STANHOPE a Unionist SLicretary for:War. LORD LANSDOWNE now gives his testimony to another point. On coming into office, ho says "the present Ministry found in existence a scheme of War Office reorganisation which the outgoing Secretary for War, SIR HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN, cer- tainly intended to bring forward, I presume with the concurrence of his chief." This scheme, "with comparatively slight alteration," was adopted by the present Government. But for these changes remarks LORD LANSDOWNE, "it would have been impossible to place and maintain in the field the great army which has for the last few months fought for the Empire in South Africa." This is excellent testimony to Liberal policy, drawn out, by the way, in defence of the present Government. It took a Liberal scheme, and under it the war has been conducted. But there is to be a Parliamen- tary Committee to inquire into the conduct of the War Office under this scheme, and hence it may be assumed that errors of administration have occurred in spite of an excellent plan. LordRosE- BURY'S charge was that "administrative reform could not safely be entrusted to those who appoin- ted, conducted, and ignored the Hartington Com- mission." The sting of the passage is in the word "ignored." Lord ROSEBERY is sure to reply that the contention now is that the reforms made in the War Office were only, as Lord LANSDOWNE admits, founded upon the report of the Commission." Portions of the recommendations of the Commis- sion were certainly "ignored," and Lord ROSEBERY will be able to point to them, and the jaunty way in which they were set aside. There was, as Lord ROSEBERY contends, "want of military foresight and preparation." The blame rests upon the War Office. It cannot rest anywhere else. The CHAN- CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,On behalf of the Treasury, has repelled the suggestion that he hampered the War Office. Accordingly, we come back to what is believed to be Lord ROSEBERY'S charge, namely administrative inefficiency, ignorance,and want of preparation. How can the country trust the pre- sent Government to put the army into a bettor state to meet Imperial necessities when it has made so many blunders in conducting the present war, with such ample financial resources at its command ? Administrative efficiency covers more than the mechanical re-arrangements to which Lord LANSDOWNE would limit it. The war was entered upon with ignorance as to the artillery the Boers could put in the field, the extent of the Boor resources in men, the foreign contingents, the intimate alliance with the Free State, the re- sources of the Free State, and with poor maps and appliances. It was thought that 70,000 men would be ample to meet the Boers, and that small moan - tam n guns from India and out-of-date field artillery,would suffice. Can we repose confidence in men, political and permanent, who made such serioui mistakes? Their grasp of circumstances, their official industry, their professional capacity are unequal to the great task the conntry wants doing. Lord ROSEBERY will therefore have na difficulty in making good his main contentionst and the electors must see that if we are to have effective reforms at the War Office and in our military system, we shall not obtain them from the present Government unless a strong Liberal Opposition is elected to watch over the work, avert weakness, ar-1 prevent half measures.

Here is a strange story of a still stranger boor reported to have occurred at Warrinaton• hold the " Weekly Telegraph " responsible for It was as follows :—" When the news of tho Battles of Waterloo arrived at Warrington—then, as "vt O„, a thriving place—the chief magistrate of the wl' declared that he should add to the projected illu- minations by burning his own house down, and he actually did so. It seems that the house WaS old one, mostly wood, and that his worship he' previously contemplated dismantling it and build- ing a new one. But his example was contagious,and the owner of a considerable block of what would in these days be called " slum" property happening to be a political rival of the other incendiary,bura the ancient tenements as a counter-attraction. Un- fortunately, a big house not contemplated in the scheme took fire also, but the crowd and the ail- thorities, thinking that it was all part of the shoo', did nothing to put this fire out, and even res- trained the pwner as a mad drunkard when /I, danced aboet exhorting them to put the fire out. Can any of our readers vouch for the authenticitY of these strange happenings ?

IThough the heat wave promised us in Septet!'" ber has fallen short of expectation in some degrees and the weather still leaves us at liberty te breathe, they are having on the other side of tha Atlantic a spell of heat beyond precedent. Wl° gather this not from any formal news received over the cables, but from a resolution which appear 3, duly recorded in the journal of the proceedings 0' the Kentucky legislature. " Whereas," says the Kentucky Solons, "the atmospheric and therraa" metric conditions existing in the State of KentuckY make it almost intolerable to exist clad in the con- ventional amount of clothes prescribed in K.entuckf society, be it resolved "—in fact, to cut short a resolution, the wording of which may he judgel from that precious phrase. "atmospheric a9u thermometric conditions," Kentucky permits Its members to appear in the legislative and Senate chambers in a costume in which neither coat nor waistcoat has a part. Now, while in otz! own Parliament several members during the troPl cal weeks of July discarded the under garment ag cumbrous and unnecessary., it is impossible t°A conceive any conditions, " atmospheric all': thermometric," in which British members of Par liamect should attempt to catch the Speaker's °Ye clad in the costume specified for the KentuckY legislature. The thing is inconcaivable. Thl attempt to picture the scene on the reassemblY such a Parliament at Westminster does nothia more than de,,elop a profound respect for the Kentuckian summer.

The connection between mosquitoes and malaria; having been proved by direct experiment—at leas: to the degree of the highest probability—sou?: interest settles in the natural history of thl; tropical scourge. The importance of this matte ; seems to have been foreseen two years ago by tr,„ Colonial Office, to whom, certainly, credit is "12,.„- for the manner in which the iuvestiaation its" tropical diseases has been encouraged, 6and as t2r„ result of a circular despatched to Governors of various Crown Colonies requei mg them to have collections made mosquitoes and allied insects, some thousan7 of these pests, duly mounted and preserve have already arrived at the .jromwell-rna' Museum. The work of classifying these ,11. i asii been n i progress, and a monograph, of livilitsir much s expected, is in preparation by ";1,". F. V. Theobald. In the meantime an interid report has been issued, which shews that alr°3 A the collection has proved of value to science. i .es ncludes a considerable number of distinct sPecilo which were not previously known. It has 3r- pao , shewn over what an extraordinary area the sa d , species of anopheles and of culex are to be foul; 'specimens of one insect—fortunately one of t"nt most innocent of the whole—having been sew from localities as far apart as Gibraltar and other places in which it is also to be found inclura..s ing Formosa, Hong-Kong, Malay Peninsula, Pa 41 of deea aonf dI nsdni an,tSho oAu int he rai enad, aNnVde stth eA\fvr iecsat, Ipnadr itess n and it is pretty evident that had not the drainage cultivation of centuries rendered this ceat"iii unsuitable for the habits of this little creatur4

I

===== 0002601_19000928_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT. ---- A Provincial Letter. - •

Floodgates of oratory have been opened in all parts of the provinces during the week; but it can by no means be said that there has been any great or general display of political enthusiasm over the General Election hitherto, Indeed, in these days of record making, and record breaking, a record may be said to have been established in the shape of the Very tamest Election of the century. Candidates on both sides have been enlarging upon" the issues before the country," knowing, as every newspaper reader knows, that practically there is bat one issue, and that it is the question now whether Liberals or Unionists shall have the power to deal 'with and administer the affairs of the annexed terri- tory in South Africa. On this point the whole Elec- tion will turn.

Of all subjects that have to be dealt with by whatever Government is chosen, the first and fore- most is that of the reform of the war-)ffice and the strengthening of the national defences. Yet strange to say, this question does not appear to have, found its proper place in any of the speeches of the candidates. After the excitement and in- terest tha !has been taken in the campaign. it is a mean ince feet that does not fully understand the vari9us bearings of the matter, and as men seem to take a de:ight in still airing their views upon South Africa, candidates are tempted to pander to the craving. But there is something far more im- portant now than the justice or otherwise of the war, or the settlement in the Transvaal or the Orange River Colony; we have not as yet been in- formed what the nature of the war-office reforms is to be, or what steps are contemplated to put the army on a proper footing.

It is reported that there is no class among the etay-at-homes mlre badly " hit " by the War in South Africi than the professional book-makers. During the past twelve months their business has experienced such a "slump "as will not be easily get over by some of them. Their clients are mainly men of means to whom life would be considered very dull without some special excitement such as is obtained in the piping times of peace from the arena of competitive sport, and from that alone. During the past year, however, the excitement to be derived from campaigning on the South African Veldt has proved an irresistible counter-attraction for a considerable number of the bookmakers' wealthy patrons; and how great a difference this has made to the business may be gathered from recent proceedings in the London Bankruptcy Court.

Mayor Craigie's annual report on agricultural education contains much interesting information. It is not long since the value of instruction in agricultural matters was recogniz3d and the work placed on an organized tooting, with a Minister of agriculture at the head, An efficient and economi- cal means of systematising the various local schemes of technical instruction in this department bas now been found; and in several instances the aided centres are entrusted with complete farms, either hired directly by the college authorities, Which receive grants from the Board, or acquired by local authorities for educational and experi- inental purposes. Dairying has also been benefited and attention has even been given to cider making. On the whole, the report is highly satisfactory,and it can no longer be said that agriculture is neglect-.d industry.

There is reason t 3 believe that there is only too much truth in a statement made to the magistrates of the Weston-iuper-fare petty sessional division on Friday by Mr. if. H. Gregory, of the Western Circuit, to the effect that in almost every case in- augurated by a public body a technical objection arose, and that "in nine cases o'lt of ten the telhni- cal objection succeeded." It did 80 in the case before the bench, defended by Mr Gregory. It was an ordinary sun blind prosecution, in which the prin- cipal witness, as Inspector of Nuisances under the Urban District Conncil, had taken out a summons for the wrong date. The defendants are the largest tradesmen in the town, and use a considerable length of sun blinds in two thoroughfares ; so that the matter was of some public importance, but fell through on the objection mentioned. It is,perhars, too much to expect that other public bodies will condescend to either notice Mr Gregory's comment, or to accept a hint from the result of this and other similar cases. The pnblic have to pay,and they are known to be long suffering.

Though there has been a steady increase in the quantity of spirits prodnced since 1880, in Eng- land_and Ireland, the number of working distilleries bag during the interval remained practically stationary. But it is otherwise in the North. The number of distilleries in Scotland twenty years since was 121 ; and now the number is 161, the increase daring the past five years being 29. Argyll, a county, heads the list, with 33: Banffshira is second, with 25 ; and Morayshire third, with 16. The counties of Aberdeen and Inverness have ten each, and Ross and Cromarty have eight. In the north and nortt-mist, ot Scotland there are alto- gether eighty distilleries.

If the Revising Barrister in the Isle of Wight has correctly interpreted the law, many soldiers tow in South Africa will suffer a grave injustice. Ile has struck off the register the names of some seventy men of the Ist Rifle Brigade, who were stationed at Parkhurst before the war, and are now serving at the front. The ground ot objection was that they hal be3n absent from the country for raore than four months, and this was held by the Barrister to be a fatal objection. The anomalies of the registration law are numerous, and this adds te their number. The votes of Volunteers and Yeomen serving in South Africa have been protected by special enactment, and it has an ungenerous look,to say the least, to distinguish between the regular and auxiliary branches of the service by depriving the regular soldiers of the franchise.

The Inebriates Act 1898 continues to be almost a dead letter. The Parliamentary paper just issued, dealing with its working, contains little of provin- cial interest. The defect of the reformatories already established by private philanthropic or public contributions, and licensed under the Act, is that the management appear to have no effective means of summarily dealing with the violent inebriates who may be committed to the institution. It is possibly safe to lay down as a general proposi- tion that an inebriate when placed beyond the reach of alcoholism loses any tendency to violent acts. There are, however, some people who are vicious and ungovernable whether drunk or sober, and it is for the control of these people that. special means are desired at Brentry, and other -8 imilar places,

If any elector has not yet decided how to vote, there is one elementary matter he should keep in view. One member is, of course, a mere unit in a souse composed of 6 per cent, statesmen and Politicians. lie may make promises at the hust- ings, but one man alone can do nothing. All that It is in his power to do as an individual is to press 'Upon the Government some particular subject, 'which he considers is for the well-being of his country. Therefore, it is important that every can- didate should let it be fully known before going to the poll what he is prepared to undertake if re- turned to Parliament; and it is for the elector by questioning him, to see that he does so.

In the provinces there is a marked uncon- cern, generally speaking as to the issues of this epoch-making election. It is very Strange when One Comes to think of Sir lienry Campbell-Bannerman only putting in an appearance at Stirling on Wednesday. more than a week after the decision of the Privy Council had been announced and of how in Gladstonian days the Old chief would long before have carried the torch of his Lurning eloquence up and down the country. . Henry's "friendly lead "could not be read until the day before yesterday, after all his leading °Pnonents had spoken. except Lord Salisbury. The Liberal leader was announced as being in London Ott Saturday. The delay between then and Wed- nesday would not have mattered so much on some occasions, but must have proved somewhat orobarra-sing to certain of the Liberal candidetes 'waiting for their" cue," It was well in some res- recta that Mr Asquith had already spoken.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES. THE DANGER. OF " BOLTING- FJOD:'—A. Luns BOY'S DEA.TII,

At Runcorn Police Court on •Cuesday afternoon Mr. White, deputy coroner, held an inquest on the body of Patrick Dalton, aged eight year, who died suddenly on Monday.—Margaret Dalton, wife of James Dalton, dock labourer. of 6, Church View, said the deceased wai her son. He had been sub- ject to fits since he was two years old. Lately be bad not been very well and on Sunday morning he refused his food, complained of being ill and she put him to bed. Afterwards he had some bread, bacon and tea and subsequently appeared to be all right and played throughout the day. Re ate a very good dinner and tea and want to bed at nine o'clock. On Monday morning he was very sick and later he again vomited. A neighbour went for Dr. Robinson, who, on arrival, a few minutes later declared the boy to be in a state of collapse.He died at noon.—Dr. Delaney deposed that he had made a p 056 mortern examination of the body. He said the food he found in the stomach appeared not to have been masticated, but to have been bolted. The lining membrane of the stomach was inflamed. This might have been caused by undigested food.— In his opinion death was due to infl xmmation of the stomach. The boy was of delicate constitu- tion.—The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MR. R. W. RUSHTON'.

On Wednesday afternoon a large gathering assembled in Victoria Park Wesleyan Church, Wavertree, Liverpool, the occasion being the marriage of Mr. Robert W Rushton, of Greenway- road, Runcorn, to Miss Kate Annie Agnes (Kitty) Greaves, of Sefton Park, Liverpool. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Walter Charlesworth. resident minister, special music being rendered by Mr. Edgar Deyes, the organist of the church. The bride was given away by Mr. John Conies, ot Run- corn. Toe bridesmaids were Miss Ada Greaves, sister of the bride. and Miss Harriet Bennett Rush- ton sister of the bridegroom. Mr. Walter Peacock acted as best man. and Mr John Bebbington as groomsman. After the ceremony the wedding break- fast was served at the residence of Mrs B. Spearing, Portman-road, Sefton Park. The happy couple were the recipients of numerous handsome presents. They received many hearty clngratulations, and left Lime-street Station at four o'clock en route for Colwyn Bay, to spend the honeymoon. RUNCORN HARRIERS. The athletic season being over, the body of runners who chase the scraps of paper o'er field and fallow are now looking forward to the opening run of the cross-lountry season, which will take place from the Coffee House Hotel, Wootton, under the auspices of the Liverpool and District Cross- Country Association. In view of this the Runcorn Harriers held a team race on Saturday, from the Bull's Head, when a good number of runners put in an appearance. Toe secretary and captain se- lected their teams, and a start was made about 4 o'clock. The distance covered was about 8 miles in the direction of Rock Savage and Sutton Weaver and round home by Halton. A mile break was formed at Halton Brook, which proved most inter- esting, seeing that there was a lot of new blood competing. A close race was witnessed between Lewis, Ray, Hopkins and Thomas for first home, Lewis putting in a good finish, and winning a hard fought race. The following was the position of the teams ;—Secretary's team— 1 Lewis, 2 Ray, 3 Hopkins, 6 Stubbs; total 12 points. Captain's team :-4 Matthews, 5 Stringer, 7 Bignall, 8 Thomas; totalling 24 points, being a win for secretPry's team by 12 points. DEATH OF THE APPARITOR OF RUNCORN PARISH

===== 0002601_19000928_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CIEURCH,

We regret to announce the death of Mr. Samuel Hoxworth, the apparitor of Runcorn Parish Church which took Place at his residence, No. 1, Bridge- water-street, in the early hours of Sunday morning. Deceased had been the victim of paralysis for the last two years, and for seven weeks prior to his death he was confined to his bed. The end, there- fore was not unexpscted,and he weed away peace- fully shortly after midnight on Saturday He had held the office of apparitor at the Parish Church for the last eleven years. and the discharge of his duties was characterized by a genial and courteous bearing which made him popular with clergy, officials and congregation alike. For a period of thirty years he was a bellringAr at the church, and was connected with the Chester Diocesan Guild of Bellringers and tbe Lancashire Association of Bell- ringers. He was a member of the local branch of the Order of Rechabites, having held the office of trustee for a considerable period. Aithough not a native of the town, the late Mr. Hoxworth could olaim to be a Rut' cornian in every sense of the word. He wa's born in Warrington, but his parents came to Runcorn when he had attained his first year,and thus practically the whole of his life was spent in the town. He was present at the laying of the foundation stone of the present Parish Church in 1847, and could relate many interesting events in the history of the town. He leaves a widow and daughter to mourn his loss. The interment is fixed for Wednesday next at Runcorn Cemetery, prior to which there will be a choral service at the Parish Church.—The funeral took place on Wednesday at the Parish churchyard, when the Rev Canon Wood officiated. The whole of the clergy of the parish were represented, and the surpliced choir were also present to honour the deceased's memory. The attendance was large and included a number of the Union Tent of Rechabites, of which lodge the de- ceased was the oldest member.

RUNCORITI NO-1 ES. [By a Correspondent.]

The whole electioneerina machinery of the Northwich Division is now undoubtedly engaged at full pressure, and the nomination has been fixed for the sth and the polling for the 13th of October. The latter day is a SAturday,and as usual the results will not come to hand until the Monday. Addresses have been issued by both the candidates and each can be fairly said to have the "gloves on."

By the tactics of the Tory side (locally at any rate) it would, however, appear that the fight will include a round or two of " hitting below the belt" with the gloves discarded. As Sir John Brunner puts it, "it is a shame" that an old friend of the County like himself " should have to descend to the level of answering lying, and dirt throwing," instead of the great political issues of the times being openly and fear- lessly discussed. His speech, wain appears else- where, is a dignified if somewhat severe denuncia- tion of a bath of malicous aspersions. That the Tories know the North wich Division to be Radical and unassailable is self-evident, and Probably they hope to score by descending to baser issues than the discussion of tair and above board politics. Indeed, it is common knowledge that the Conservative Government have made mistakes, and have just closed a Parliament void of any lasting home legis- lature, and they therefore cannot face the music to that tune. Their hope of success lies in throwing np sufficient dust to blind the eyes of all to their shortcomings.

Locally the same thing prevails. Sir John Bruener is being attacked in his personal charac- ter, and rightly le appeals to his constituents to defend that character" as they would the charac- ter of a dearly beloved father or brother." I feel here again the Tories have made a mistake, for by descending to so low a degree they become con- temptible in the eyes of all free-born Britishers, and when those Britishers are chiefly of the Radi- cal persuasion, the Tories will find they will defeat their own ends. To Runcorn especially has Sir John Brunner endeered himself, and if the issue between him and Mr Samson is to be one of character, and an estimation of that character, there can be but one result.

Our local postmaster Mr. Okell, whom a few weeks ago we intimated had been promoted to a much more important past in Cornwall,l now learn has declined that post, but in recognition of his services he has been offt3red and accepted the post- mastership of Pontrefact. The post is of an equal value as the one originally offered him in Cornwall Mr. Okell leaves on Saturday, so I understand, His loss to the town will be greatly felt, for a more painstaking public official there never was,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

"On the way up!" such is the verdict pronounced by our football enthusiasts, and visions of a cup for both senior and junior leagues look substantial. The vanquishing of St Helens at both towns last Satutday was a decidedly encouraging perform- anci. On Saturday next Runcorn visit Millotn with the following team, and should " Mill-em " and secure two points S Houghton, full back; D Jones, J Butterworth. T Warder, T Wilkinson, threE-quarter backs; J Faulkner, J Richardson, half backs; S Walker, H Farmer, 11, Reece, W Lightfoot, Gayter, J Dixon, G Messenger, and J Williams, forwards; Yir Woods, , reserve.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19000928_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A NTINET); FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.

to themselves of all cases of plague. Toe order, in its application to sanitary districts outside Lon loo,extends the provisions of the Inff!ctious Dise se (N)tification) Act, 1889, to the notification of ever; case of plague occurring in the dig riot of a Sanitary authority. The order al-o required the Sanitary authority to write forth- with to all legally qualified medical practition,rs in the District informing them of their duties under the regu- lations. and it inappses upon every Medical Officer of Health the duty of reporting forthw:th to the Board any case of plague which may be notified to him, or which may otherwise come or be brought to his knltyledge, and which may oc :Ur in tho district or area assigned to his charge. Copies Of the Order were for warded, and the B lard rFquested that a copy be delivered to the Medical Officer of Health as d,fined by the order.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was hell at Oa Workhouse, Dutton,on 'Tut slay, when there were present Messrs Joseph Knowks (chair- man), T Wright, C E Linaker, J B Chadwick. J/seph Stokes, J Moseley Williams, T Lewis, T Baxter, E Clarke, P Gleave, J Mountield, George Pilling, T Darling- ton, J W Baugloy, W Ftetcher. H Mawdsley, E Bretherton, H A Talbot, with Mr G•orge T Ashton (clerk), Mr W E How,h (deputy clerk) Mr i3.111N3 Far- rington (inspector). Messrs Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), and the Medical Officer's deputy.

STRETTON POST OFFICE. The Postmaster General forwarded a commusication to the effeat that the revenue of the Stretton Telegraph Office, for the year ended Au2ust 14:h last havin2 been suffi3ient to cover the am mut guaranteed, the C)uncil would not be called upon to make any payment under the guarantee for that year. This was c)usiderad satisfactory. THE LIGHTING OF THE LATCHFJED CANTILEVER BRIDGE

-- The Clerk read the following letter from Colonel John Clare Ridgway, LP., of Grappenhall Lodge, Cheshire. " 13th September. Sir,—On the night of the 31st Aug. last about 10 p.m.,1 was driving from LVC Iford Station to Grappenhall, and on reaching the Cheshire aide of the High Level Bridge over the Snip Canal, I met with a serious accident, by running into the railings, which I attribute to your lamp not being lit ; although the night was pitch dark. I and my groom were thrown out, I breaking my collar boneond the dog cart being smashed. I am informed by the Snip Canal Company that you are responsible for the lighting of this lamp, and I beg tso ask if this is so, why it was not lit. Waiting the favour of a reply." The Clerk stated he had forwarded a copy of the letter to the Warrington Corporation as they undertook the lighting of:that lamp, and, fa reply, receive I a letter from Mr. W, S. Haddock, engineer to the Warrington Corporation Gas Works,statine. " that the lamp on the Cheshiro side of the High Level Bridge was liqhted on the 31st ult. in the ordinary way about 8 30 p.m. Owing to two or three squares in the lamp, maliciously broken, it was probable chat the light was blown out later on in the evening. This lamp was again, on the 15th lust, reported with three squares broken, and at the presenfltime the Corporation were suffering very much from such breakages." Mr. G. Pilling said be did not think it was true that the lamo had been broken, for he saw it the following day. He went to inspect it for he was connected wita the Gas Works Department. _ .

The Clerk stated there was a further letter from Mr. Lyon Whittle, the Clerk to the, Corporation, which also stated that the lamp was broken. He had forwardad copies of the letters to Mr. Ridgway and had heard nothing further. The matter dropped. A CKERS-L&NE lATCHFORD.

The clerk read a letter from Mr H B White, solicitor, 17, Cairo-street, Warrington intimating that under the agreement for the improvement of Ackers-lane. Latch- ford, dated 13th December 1893. made between the Misses Smith and others of the one part and the District Council of the other part, the Council undertook to con- struct a fence similar to the fence belonging to Mr W Owen, and to protect the new fence and cut and clean same for six years. He was informed that the holly hedge planted by the Council was unsatisfactory, and that, owing to improper rlanting or neglect a conside-- able portion of the same .vas dead,and he was instructed to call upon the Council to carry out their part of the agreement by planting a proper lnlly hedge similar to Mr 0 wen's,and protecting,cutting and cleaning the same. He would be glad to hear that the matter would be attended to at once. The Clerk stated he had forwarded the letter to Mr J Swinton, the surveyor, who replied that the m 'nor was receiving his Attention. Some of the hales planted by the Council were dead, and some had been mis3hievouily destroyed, but he intended planting new ones as soon as the season was suitable for planting hollies. Thefeouncil approved of this. Tlla ROAD TO WESTON.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
AN APPEAL TO THE COUNTY COUNCIL.

The following was read by the Clerk, " Town Hall, Runcorn, September 19:h, 1900. Dear Sir. Proposed request for rant and recognition of the read frmn Run- corn Railway Station to Weston Village as a main road. This Council is about to make application to the County, Council for a grant for the above purpose and would be glad if your Council could support the said applica- tion. I have hardly any need to point out the growing importance of the road, particularly now the aluminium works are coming. As a considerable length of the road is in your district, an application from you for that pm- pose, to the County Council,would,in the opinion ot the Runcorn Highways Committee, strenVhen the effort we are making. The last date for applying is in Oatober. Yours truly James Wilding, George F. Ashton E q , R D.C.

The Clerk stated he had forwarded a cipy of the letter to the Weston representatives, Mr. J B Chadwick was of opinion, that tiny should ask the Olunty Council to take over their portion of the road to Weston, as they could not apply for a grant. Be would propose that. The Chairman : Aak the County COLIOCir ? Mr. Chadwick: Yes. It is the only 'road t o Weston.

The Clerk: And now belongs to this Council. Linaker could not agree with the principle of Mr. Chadwick'A proposition. It was a very circuitous road, and practically a cul de sue. It did not go beyond Wes- ton village. If the County Council adopted the road, other places would be following with similar applies- tions. On the other hand, if they (the Council), were going to ask the County Council to take over the whole of their roads he would support it. Mr. Stokes pointed out that there were two roads to Weston. Was the one they were discussing the one that passed the hospital ? The Chairman: Yes.

- Mr. Chadwick reiterated his prorrisition and added if the Urban District Council's application was gr inted they would have to contribute through the county rate as well as the local one. Mr. Stokes agreed with him.

Mr. Linakei th)ught it wou!d be tbe one way of blocking the County Council from doing anything for Runcorn.

Mr. T. Bixter. C.C., said, he thought, Mr. Chadwick could take it from him, that if the County Council would do anything for Runcorn,it would not do so with- out doing something for WeAln. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. Wright seconded Mr. Chadwick's motion to make the application to the County C

Mr. Linaker tLted he was qoit3 clntent with his objection. The proposition was then put and a2rled to. THE THELV7ALL NUISANCE.

FURTHE R CORRESPONDENCE. --•THREATENED &PP EA.L TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD.

Another letter was read from Mr. Naylor, which was as follows :—" Cu.rden Hall, Thelwall, Warrington. September 24th, 1903 To G. F. Ashton, E=q Runcorn. Dear Sir,—Referring to your letter of the 12ch, I desire to say there is no misunderstanding so far as I am con. corned. However, I notice from the report of your last meeting that your Modica! Officer states he had embodied the auggestiona in his report to your Council. If this is so, I beg to ask the question : How is it none of these suggestions have been carried out ? I have given you plenty of evidence in my letter of August 24th to show the virulent character of the nuisance of which we have so long complained. Our local representative has also told your fiCouncil" the ' stench is sufficient" to knock an ox down, and your MAical Officer has given you his opinions and suggeations. Iu the face of these facts, you have allowed the matter to drag on month after month.and have done absolutely nothing ; for, what is being celimpli,hed, is, I hear, in- sisted upon by another authority. As the smell con- tinues, and as the injury to human and other life is daily notic.able I hops you will not consider me either un- reasona'ole or fmpatient if I now ask the Local Govern- ment Board to institute an inquiry into the ck hole matter, and more especially respecting the s-ran.ge and remarkabic.: way your Cotricil has treated a well sub- stantiated, complaint of a dreadful nuisance the equal oi whin it would be difficult to find in the United Kingdom. _ R. A. Naylor."

Ttie Chairman thought it was for Mr. Naylor to take his own course.

Mr. Linaker : I sunplFe 51M9 steps are being taken to remedy the matter ? Tho Chairman : 0 yes, that is going on. Mr. Livaker : The matter has been eccupying us for a lon, time, and there is apparently nothing being done. Indeed. it was a good time before we could evbn get an expression of opinion as to whether the matter was a nuiaanco or not ? Mr. Farrington said he had nothing further to report on the matter, except that Messrs. Long were still ex- perimentin with the settling tanks. He thought the Council could not object to Mr. Naylor appealing to the Local Government Board, but the same thing had been done with regard to the Tannery, and it had all ended in smoke. (Laughter). Mr. Moseley Williams proposed, and Mr. T. Wright seconded, that the Council reply to Mr. Naylor' letter stating tlaoy had no objection to him making his appli- cation. The resolution was carried. NOTIFICATION OF CASES OF PLAGUE.

The Local Government Boa, d directed in consequence of the appearance!of plague at Glasgow, and in view of the possible occurrence of the disease in Englairi and Wales they had deciled to issue an order requiring the immediate notification to the Sanitary Authorities and

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism, Try one boK ; if not satisfied, money returned. Is l all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps.—HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLECKHEATON, YOEKS.MI

===== 0002601_19000928_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DAIRIES AND COWSHEDS REGULATIONS.

31r. J S ;okes drew attend in to the anomaly created in the Dairies and Cowsheds Bye-laws by the cl tuse. whereby a tenant and not a landlord could be proqecuted for non-oorndliance with the regulations. He p -doted out, that a tenant could not, and even if he could, no landlord would allow him to make alteratione to any farm outbuildings. Yet, such was the law, that, if alterations were not made, the tenant could be prosecu- ted. Tney had just heard a list read out by tar. Farring- ton, their inspector, of persons who had failed to comply with the regula•ions, but he for one would not be party to their prosecution. (Hear, hear.) Whilst he sympathised with the law, and considered there were many things in the milk trade that required attention he felt sure that tie legislators had in this case made a mistake. He considered the matter was important enough to take place in the election programmes. (Hear hear). Mr. Linaker pointed out how the matter would right itself with a little tact on the part of the Inspector, e.pecially if he first approached the landlords. Of course, it could not be expected they would send contraetors round to everywhere and make the alterations all at once but they would be aceomplisbed little by little until the Whole was as it should be.

Stibiequlntly that view of the cue was takm. and a rmolutiou passel that no pronaJings be taken against the partiql reported. Mr. T. Wright: Then the bye-la xa ble:-.:ne an absolute dead letter ?

Mr. Farrington rewarked, anii,lst general laughter, tbtt he had only a little while aga been granted a con- sideration for reporting upon the rnter, and, now he was doing sh, it looked as if he was going to be " scotched !" This was all the business.

ACTS ABOUT SCOTCH WHISKY. The consumption of Whisky in the United Kingdom is so general at the present time that ant' information with regard to its manufacture must be of interest. Highland Malt Whisky- is a simple distillation from Malt, made from Barley carefully dried in the Malt Kiln and partakes, therefore, of the pleasant flavour peculiar to dried Malt. The finest Barley only is used in making Malt for the distillation of this Whisky, and in its pu:- chase keen competition always ex sts. Considerable quantities of cheap Grain Spirit are,how- ever, made from MVZ3. foreign Barley and Unmalted Grain, which, on account of their lower prile, are used to blend with Malt Wh.sky in order to produce a cheaper article.

Without wishing to disparage the merits of Grain Spirit, it is not " Highland Malt Whisky." Grain Spirit may, to tie taste of some consumers, have merits of its own ; but if so. they need not be hidden under the title of" Highland Malt" Wh'sky, but the article should stand by itself and be sold under its proper designation of Grain Spirit. Fr this reason, no doubt, the public, with knowledge and taste, having once appreciated the flavour of a Malt Whisky, will not find anything in blends composed partly of Grain Spirit to recommend them.

Highland Malt Whisky, therefore, esoecially with the 'guarantee of the distiller, is and will tncome more and more the article sought after by the consurtier. W and A Gilbey, holding these views with regard to the highPr merits of Highland Whisky distilled oily from the best Malt, have used nothing, else in the brands offered by them to the public for the past 40 years, and at both their own Distilleries in the Glenlivet district— viz" GlPn-Spey " and " Strathmill "—the Whiskies are made entirely from Malted Barley grown in the United Kingdom. These two celebrated Distilleries are situated in the best barley districts in Scotland, and the supply of water, of which a great study is made in the distilling of Whisky, is of the purest quality, and ensures a fine and delicate flavoured article of concumotion.

W & Gilbey have 12,000 Butts of-Scotch Whisky maturing in El,r Majesty's Bonded VY'arehous.s, equal to over 1,600,000 2allons at proof streogth, and are thus enabled by their large stocks to maintain a thoroughly matured article, and a uaiform standard of 11+0 quality under their various brands, all of which are guaranteed iistilled from Pure Malt.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[By A CORRESPONDENT.]

It is now settled that there will not be a Parlia- mentary contest in the Newton Division. Colonel Pilkington will therefore be denied the pleasure of a fight, and doubtless this fact will relieve him of a considerable amount of anxiety. Everything points to the fact that he would have been elected had a ballot been taken, but he must not think that because there is no contest, that the electors are unanimously in his favour. Were he to do so, he would be assuming a false position. A very great many people iii Earlestown have not forgotten Colonel Pilkington's action on the half-timer's que- tion, and had there been a strong and active Liberal Association in the Division, it would have gone hard with him on that question alone. Colonel Ptlkington may be a devoted Imperialist, but there are other matters affecting the welfare of this neighbourhood, besides warlike topics. Colonel Pilkington's election address has not up to the time of writing been issued, but a perusal of his speech at Earlestown on Monday night will give the electors a fair idea of his line of action, lie was great on the Workmen's Compensation Act, and he ventured the statement that whereas under the old Act compensation could cot be obtained without litigation, under the pre,ent measure there would be little or no litigation. I don't know upon what data the Colonel relies for his information, but I think if he will make enquiry, he will find there is quite as much, if not more, litigation now than ever there Wag before, and it does not always result to the benefit of the workmen. Of course this is outside large w)rks whicti have made pi.-- vision to :meet such cases without the aid of the law courts.

At the same meeting, Mr. Borron as Chairman made an egregious blunderin my opinion. Colonel Pfikington was posing as a candidate for the New- ton Division and was addressing the electors of that Division. A gentlemen at the close of the meeting asked for a reply to a question which he had put in writing and handed to the Chair- man. He was told, however, that he had no right to come there and ask questions seeing that he lived in the Newton Polling Di trier, but should wait until a meeting was held in his district, when he would have an opportunity of putting his question. What the question was matters not, but seeing that the gentleman was a voter in the Newton division, he had,in my opinion, a perfect right to a hearing as any meeting held in the division no matter what polling district he re- sided in. It, does no good to a cause to snuff out electors in this fashion, but every facility s:lould te given to them to elicit from the candidate answers on subjects in which they are interested, especially when they are backed up by a body,such as that which the questioner referred to represents It should be to Colonel Pilkington's interest to pro- pitiate all parties. Conservatives, it is well known, however, do not like questions at election times.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

The game between Earlestown and Havdock on Saturday on the latter's ground was devoid of in- terest and certainly of excitement. It was too much one aided, and the flaydock men were unable to make any headway against the clever tactics of Bartley, and the sterling defence of Cibborn. Earlestown tried a new man named Walker at cen- tre forward, but he does not coma up to expecta- tion, and he has been dropped this week.

The visitors to the Earlestown ground on Satur- day are Southport Central, but the homesters must understand that if they intend to win they will have to put their shoulder to the wheel. There is a slight re-arrangement of the team, Whitehouse going centre forward in place of the new man Walker. They should just about win, but as South- port are equal in record with Earlestowu no chances will have to be given. A win would place Earles- town well up on the League table.

There were no matches in the neighbourhood on Saturday.

CADBWAY'S COCOA is absolutPly pure, being ewir.ly free from kola, malt, hops, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caution ! The publie should insist on haying CADBURY'S —sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for the rake of eera protit.—Advt. (4)

===== 0002601_19000928_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME POINTS FOR ELECTORS TO STUDY.

THE OUTGOING GOVERNMENT.

A Rough Balance Sheet.

Mr. 13, WEIATH3 sends to the " Fortnightly Review " of September a paper which he describes as an attempt to provide the electorate with a statement of the suc- cesses and failures of the outgoing Administration. He admits that although the Government was omnipotent and the Opposition powerless, Ministers have done little to realise their promises made on the platform of last General Election. In importance, if not in number, the failures far over-weigh the successee. Here, is the way Mr. Whates sums up the five years' administration : Successes. Failures.

I. The avoidance of war I. The non-prevention of among the Powers or with the massacre of an incalculable Turkey, because of affairs in number of Armenians, for Asia alinor. in Crete and in whose humane government Greece. England is. with the other

Powers, in Dart responsible under the Trestyof Berlin.

11. The grant of autonomy 11. The non-prevention of to Crete. three years of the war of ex-

termination between Mos- lems and Christiana in Crete.

111. The salvation of 111. The non-prevention Greece from extinction as an of the war between Turkey indepenient kingdom at the and Greece. hands of Turkey.

IV. The settlement of the IV, Ineffective resistance Guiana-Venezuela boundary to the American pretention to dispute without war with intervene, and if interven- either Venezuela or the tion is declined, to settle dis- United States, and without putes between European appreciable loss of territory. Powers and American States.

V. The establishment of V. Inability to arrive at a relations of friendship with definitive settlement of the the United States Cfovern- Alaskan boundary dispute, ment and people. the Nicaragua Caul question and other matters suumitted to the abortive Joint High Commission.

VI. Overthrow of the Boer VI. Failure to discover and Republics and establishment prevent the criminal con- of British sovereignty. spiracy resulting in the Jameson Raid.

VII. The avoidance of for- VII. Mr. Chamberlain's eign intervention in South failure to bring about a pacific Africa. solution of the differences with the Transvaal Govern- ment.

VIII. Tteaty of amity with VIII. Failure to prevent King Menelik whereby his the invasion of :Natal and neutrality in the Soudan was Cape Colony. assured.

IX. Defeat of the Xhalita IX. Gross miscalculation and recwery of the aoudan. of the fighting conicity of the Boers.

X. Final rejection of the X. Failure to forestall M. French pretension to a right Maroband's expedition to the to acquire sovereignty in the Upper Nile. Nile valley.

XI. Pacification of Uganda XI. Breakdown of the Ad- and assertion of British autac- ministration of If gands, with rity In the region of Lake the resultant Soadanese rebel- Rudolph as far as the Latuka lion, the delay in the start of Sultanate. the Macdonald Mission to join hands with Lord Kitchener, and the failure of that mission

to r.ach its objective.

XII. Definite settlement XII. Neglect to make of all rival territorial claims good by effective occupation between France and Bngland various treaty rights in West In Nigeria and other regions Africa. the result being the of West At rlO4. loss of territory between Say

~ on the Niger and lio, the loss of the Gourma region and Nikki. and a large area of the Ashanti hinterland.

XIII. Overthrow of Prem- peh and conquest of Ashanti. and the suppression of subse- quent revolt.

XIV. Substitution of Im- XIV. Failure ti prevent penal for Chartered rule in Port Arthur and Teßeiman Nigeria. The capture of passing to Russia. Benin and other extensions of British authority in the Niger Delta.

XV. Avoidance of war XV. Failure to uphold the with Russia on account of rights of British warships to events in China. visit Port Arthur.

XVI. Acquisition of Wei- XVI. Failure to make Hai-Wei. good .the .protests against

Prench curtillment of -treaty rights aff..-cting British com- merce in Madagascar.

X VII. Acquisition of Mire XVII. Failure for five Bay (lion-Kong extension). years to obtain a settlement from France of the claim for compensation on behalf of the relatives of the officers end men killed in the Waima affair.

XVIII. Assertion of the XVIII. Failure tp do any- principle of the "open door" thing Li relieve Newfound- in China. land from the burden of _ _ . . _

French treaty rights. beyond appointing a Royal Com- mission. the report of which hat been burked.

XIX. The railway agree- ment, (Spheres of Interest) with Russia.

XX. Establishment of good relations with Germany and finally with Rubsla in the China question.

XXI. Pledge of the non - alienation of the Yatlgtsze Valley.

XXII. Various railway and mining concessions in Chins. opening of in'and waters to navigation, opening of new ports, etc.

XXIII. Australian Federa- tion,

XXTV. Suppression of tha outbreaks on the North-West frontier of India.

XXV. Financial and othPr assitotance to the West Indies, by which the administrative ant tronomic condition of that region has been much Improved.

XXVI.. Exaction of Com- pensation to the rektives of Mr. stokes. wrongfully exe- cuted in the Co,tko Free State by order of M. Lottiaire.

Ask your wife To tell you what the War and Tory Doles mean. Ask her whether she pays less .or more for

BREAD? MEAT? BACON? TEA? And whAher te p)or man will be able to aft)rd COIL at alt this Winter at its usual price? Yot the Tories got into office by promising

BETTER TIkES.

Doles First, Old Age Pensions After—A Long Time After!

Since the preseat Tory Government took office five years ago, ov,r thre3 millions a year bas been added to the expmditure evc:iry ye ir of the country by the DOLES—that is, by the grant to favoured classes and sections of money contributed by all taxpayers alik:. There have been DOLES :

Of a million aril a-oalf (£1,500,000) a year to the English aol Scltch landowners by th,, Iti ting Acts. Of three quarters of a million (£750,000) a year to Irish landowners and tenants by the Irish Local Govern- ment Act.

Or three quarters cr a million £750,000) a year to the privately managed denominational schools. Of £87,000 a year to those clergy who own tithes. The workman (whether in town or country) bin 7 the most needy class gets NOMlNG—although in 1895 ho was induced to vote Tory by the promise of an o.d-Age Pension.

LORD GEORGE HAMILTON, a member of thig Tory Government, has explained it all very clearly. "It is," he said, " to safeguarJ and protect the interests of our friends not only while we are in office, but even in the contingency of our being out, that we have acted throughout."

===== 0002601_19000928_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
A Lesson in Tory Imperialism.

The official figurei of the Inlian Famine are appalling. Six millions of British subjects have actually been starv- ing, whilst thousands were being swept away by pestil- ence.

India is poor. We have taken from her millions of treasure. We uce her soldiers to fight our battics. And yet Mr ifilfour and other members of the Tory party have told us in effect that hid. -bound precedent decrees that India, the only portion of the British dominions over which our belovrdNueen is Empress shall not receive any Imperial assistance in her dreadful time of diitre.,s.

The Conqervatives tc- lay claim to be the only true Imperialists. Sure!y the ladian Empir that has contri- buted millions to the resources of this country might well be spared in the day of its'sore trouble, a free grant of Five Millions to save life. But no, sly the astute

Tarp Eec ioneerem Such a grant would be gross men in, the cabinet £5,000 a rear for k flowing things) ia extravagance. It would not buy a single vote. 'Your some ways knew a god deal more. money must be spent on " Khaki." Rush the General For instance. Efection before the people begin to feel the pinch ; and The man, in the street knew that the Boers had horses trust to the bravery of your troops, the fighting and could ride them, that they had riflF:s and could shoot instincts of the people, and the glamour and glare of with them. military operations to sweep you once more into power The man in the cabinet only learnt these obvious facts and profit. Charity for India, what nonsense! tUCH when British arms met with disaster after disaster on _ . IS TORY IMBERIALISA !

British territory. Mr Balfour (at Manchester on Janulry

10th, 1900) pleaded that it had not been "adequately realised "chat the Boers were " entirely mounted" ; Sir Matthew White Ridley (at Blackpool, ten clays later) bemoaned the fact that " instead of having simply a triumphaEt march to Pretoria, we bad a serious struggle with skilful soldierg, having weapons of precision. Sir Michael Flicki Beach has beeu equally it sea in eltimates ot the cost of the war. In 0 -.tuber, 1899, the whole thing was to cost only £10,000,000. By February. 1900, the estimate had mounted up to £23,000,000. A. few weeks later, when the Budget stat.mf>nt was pre- sented, the total had bounded no to £60,000,000. In August, 1900, it had become £70,000,000. In fact, from beginning to end, in the Diplomacy as in the War, the Government record has been one contin- uous series of the most inexcusable miscilculations.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOSGES MOUNTAINS, September, 1900.

The Tory "Doles" at a glance,

[" It is to safeguard and protect the interests Our Friends, not only while we are in office, but even in the contin.ency of our being out. that we have acted throughout."—Lord George Hamilton (Tory Minister), Novenohar 17th, 1897.]

Yearly t:um out of Irish Church Fond. 1900 To the Irish Tithe Payers by the Irish Tithe Act

Yearly Sum Out of Taxes 1899 To th. Tithe-Paying Clerf.ly by the Clerinl Tithes Ac!, BO,OOO 1893 To the Irish Agriculturists by the Lhcll Government A^ 720,000 1897 To the Denominational Sctiools by the V Aultary Schlots Act_ 603,000 1396 To the Agricultural LandownerB by the English and Scotch Ratinz Acts

Total yearly amount out of taxes £3,000,000

Every :man, vrotrun, aril child in the United Kinz- dom is taxed eiehteehpence a year for theso Tory D )les to favoured classes.

A Little Sum for Taxpayers.

Now since tie present Tory Government took office five years ago, over three millions a year has been added to the annual expenditure of the country by the Doles—that is, by the grant to favoured classes and sections of money contributed by all tax-paveri With this sum of three millions a year, if it had not been frittered away in doles. the interest and capital of the whole cost of the war (70 millions) might have been paid in a short time, even if all thAt amount hal beau borrowed.

Liberal Versus Tory Finance. Liberal Economy Contrasted with Tory Extravagance.

Toe t otal eycprmliture of th late Lieral Government veraz ed for the three yeara they were in power between 392 and 1895,

£100,243,000

Compare thi3 fiznre with the exc3sslve expenditure of the present Tory Government. 1895- 6--£107,221,000 1896- 7--£111,550,000 1897- 8--£117,639,000 1898- 9 --£121,224,000 *1899-00--£124,765,000 Estimated.

The Tory Government is therefore epewling owr twenty-tour and a half millions of pounGs per year more than their Liberal predece- sors, excluding, all supplementary votes for the year 1899-1900, which are usualiv asked for,and if the Government had not il iniAlted by two millions the amount annually devoted to the National Debt .7e r ices , their estimatet.: expenditure for th year ending M Arch 31,t, 1900. would be over twenty-six and a half million pounds more than the average expenditure of the late Liberal Government.

The Tory party tl,.vA given dcles to their friends to the extent of £3,175,000 a Feu, out of the pubic purse, and are now torced, in spite of the suspension of the Sinking Fond, to imp-se new taxation.

COMPARISON OF NET EXPENDITURE UNDER LIBERAL AND TORY GOVERNMENTS.

Under Ltberil Under Tory Government. Government.

Average of the Average of the Chief Heads of Expenditure. 3 years ending 4 years ending March 31, 1895 March 31,189 g.

Consolidated Fund Services 24 979,00) ... 25,196,000 Naval and Military Expenditure 33,912,0'0 ... 40.646.000 Civil Services 14,99?,000 ... 17,296.003 Customs and Inlaid Revenue Local Taxation Sundries Total Net Expenditure to be raised by Taxation f 87,054,000 ... 102,060.000

*Estimated.

The Tory Government, therefore, have had Po rake in four years by taxation from the people £60,024,000 more than the late Liberal Government, and the annual expenditure is still increasing. This means that every man, woman and child in the Ut_ited Kingdom has bad to pay on the average 30; more in taxation under the present Tory Government than under the previous Government.

Electors, vote for economy and the Lilrral candidates

"With what little wisdom the World is Governed." That is the one obvious comment when the record of the Government in South Africa is calmly reviewed. "The man in the street," pleaded Mr Balfour in seeking to excuse the lack of foresight bhown by himself and colleagues in the war preparations, " knew as much as the man in the cabinet."

As a fact the man in the street (who pays most of the

===== 0002601_19000928_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
- - _ _ - _ - - • - -"""

.‘

===== 0002601_19000928_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Hush!

Mr. Brodrick, M.P. (the Tory Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs declared (at Guildford on August 29th) that he could not discuss .he question of guns with Cap- tain Larnoton " pending the inquiry which has been promised into the conduct of the war." Ministers are to rean the benefits of Lord Roberts's strategy and Tommy Atkins's valour, but when Captain Lambton (with the best reasons for knowing) complains of the' ridiculous toys" of gunr, Mr. B:odrick says : " Hush ! you mustn't menticn that—it's going to be inquired into." For cool impertinence tnis would be hard to beat. Ministers are first of all to be given a further term of office and then to have their fitness for that office inquired into.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
DOESN'T THIS LOOK AS IF TORY MINISTERS

WERE AFRAID TO HAVE HIE FACI'S KNOWN ?

Why have I dissolved Parlia- ment in September.

(1) Because I have alwa'A hated an extended Franchise, and by dissol7ing in September I secure that nobody who has come to live in a Constituency since July. 1898, shall have a Vote. I thus deprive tens of thonsands of Work- ing Men of their rights as citizens. And serve them right too ! Why cannot they go on living in the same place ? I am always to be heard oZ at flatfiell (2) Because Every day sick and wounded men are return ing home from South Africa with shocking tales of the Conduct of the War by the War OffiC9, of the Imbecility of the arrangements, of the improper arma• meats, of the lack of food, of the breakdown of the Medical Department ; and of many other matters, all o f which mast acme day aoo:i be investigated hy a com- mission. What a fool I ,should ho to wait until the whole truth is known ! The fact is, I have already waited too long.

(3) Because lam able in September to hide behind Lend Roberts and his brave men, still risking their lives in S.uth Africa; and under cover of their popularity and martial exploits I and my Lansdownes and Chaplins may hope once more to sneak into office. Were Ito wait till the War was over I should not be able to do this, but might have to defend Chamberlain s diplomacy before the War and Lansdowne's incompetency after it. I was never much of a Jingo myself but I have no diffi- culty in recognising that " Brava Old Bobs " is better electioneering than" Vote for Salisbury and Chamber- lain." J wonder what my old enemy,Lord Beaconsfieldt would think of me now ; but regrets are vain. Still, it is in my heart to wish that Joe had remained a Radical. He cklled me a Homicide once. He could hardly do so a cal n. (4) Because

Whilst the war is waging, the country will not be disposed to call my Government to acccunt for its sins of Omission and of C9mmissian. All that sickening nonsense about Old Age Pensions will be for- gotten. Arthur's ridiculous, not to say dishonest election card at Manchester would be too trivial a thing even to mention. My does to myself and the other Land lords of England, large as they were, are mere 11A-bites when we are spending a hundred millions of pounds ster- ling on crushing the quasi-independence of:a lot of psalm singing Dutch farmers. The rottenness of poor Sir Michael's finance, the grotesque absurdities of Chaplin, the repeated failures of Ritchie, the deplorable weakness of Ridley, the unveiled disloyalty of Gorst, the growing infirmities of my nephew's temper, and the ill-concealed ambition of Chamberlain to shove the whole lot on one side and to taka the stage himself as Actor Manager, are dangerms subjects were thev to be freely handed, as they would be if I miited till the war was over. 'Therefore I will wait no longer.

S*L*SB*RY.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN 8c NEWTON.

BOY DROWNED AT NEWTON

On Saturday afternoon, a boy, 6 years of age, named Frank Ellam was drowned in Newton Lake. He with two or three other boys west to the Lake and commenced to wade in the water. Ellam ven— tured too far into the water and was suddenly immersed, and he was drowned in full view of his compasions. John Hassall 5 years old,who was with. the deceased,on rain commencing to fall went home, and from enquiry it was elicited that Ellam was in the lake. Dragging operations took place, and the bpdy was recovered two hours after irnmersioin lying in a depth of 4 or 5 feet of water, 10 yards from the side. A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. PICTURE COMPOSITION.

At the last meeting of tha Earlestown and New- ton Photographic Society held at the headquarters "The Art PrJ•ss " 25, Bridge-street, a paper on " Picture Composition " was admirably given by Mr. _Ronald King, dealing with the knowledge and use of nature, rules of composition, etc. He also, showed a number of examples of light and shade. The meetings of the above socisty are held fort- nightly on Thursday evenings at 8p m. The next meeting being October 4th, the society will be glad to welcome any new member.—Mr. W. R. KNOWLES, 59, Market-A., is Hon. Secretary.

Shocking Accident to a Warrington Carter. On Wednesday morning at five o'clock, Patrick Monaghan, agei 38, Anne-street, Warrington, met with very serious injuries. He was driving a furniture van, and when at Acton Bridge near North wich, the hor,e knocked him down. He lay in the road a long time before be was seen. Dr. Smith afterwards attended him, finding a compound fracture of the leg and injuries to the facc. He was removed to the Victoria Infirmary, Northwich The Mayoralty.

A caucus meeting of the members of the Town Council was held on Monday afternoon, at the Town Hall,to select the Mayor for the ensuing year. There was a good attendance,over which Alderman Sutton presided. On the proposition of the Chairman, seconded by Councillor Plumpton,and supported by Aldermen Fraucomb and Heaton, it was decided to usk Alderman Roberts to allow himself to be nomin— ated for office a second year,each member referring to the able and impartial manner in which his Wor— ship had discharged his duties during the past twelve months. A deputation, consisting of the gentlemen above named, together with Councillor Pierpoint, were appointed to wait upon the Mayor and inform him of the decision of the meeting. They did so,and his Worship intimated his willingness to accept office again.

(1.71 Z NEW SERIAL.

OUR NEW SERIAL.

We have pleasurs in announcing that we have se- cured for plblication in our columns (on Octooor 6th) a splenoid semational story, entitled—

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.'

MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, The Brilliant Author of The Secret of the Pear " Lady Mary of the Dark House," " The Barn St)rmers," " Fortune's Sport," "Queen Sweet- heart," &c.

WE HAVr: NO HESITATION IN SAYING TEAT THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER

is one of the most sensational stories ever offered for newspaper publication. It is a splendid cooception)F. one of the most imaginative writers of the day. From the first chapter to the last the interest of the reader Is enthralled, What one d.mands in a serial story that is supposed to be sensational is excitement, sus- pense. mystery, and more or less of horror. Mae. WILLI A MS ON supplies all these in clever combination. " Sbe has an effective fashion," save the Tho !man. "of holding back the climax to the last and supreme moment, and of gratifying her readers with an un- expected thrill just when the, nerves are at the highest tension. Yet she uses an admirable restofint, and never becomes hysterical. Her taste is ex- cellent."

===== 0002601_19000928_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOUSE BY VIE RIVER.

There is not a phrase In this story to which the most fastidious can take exception. It is sellom that we have had the pleasure of introducing such a thrilling high-class story to the notice of our readers.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUTHOR.

The author of our new story, ALICE MURIEL WILLIAMSON. has made a great reputation among the younker generation of novelists. Barn in 1869 at one of the Livingstone Manor Houses on the Hudson lifyer,for she was a Miss Livingstone,she commenced to weave romances before she could hardly write. Of her very youthful efforts none has ever seen the light in print, but when she was only fifteen her first story was published. liven then she did not embark upon the profession of literature seriously. Coming over to Fngland for a stay of six, or at the longest. twelve months, she became engaged to Mr. William- son, a well-known, personality in the journalistic world, and was shortly afterwards married. Almost directly after her marriage, about five years ago, she recommenced her literarye. tem sluuasc eb undertakingo success, t. aLniHod: exhra;ofil having serialtig efforts story.ffo purno were in the c irection of character sketches, which wet e done with the vigour and the power of graphic narration which have so charmed the readers of her later stories. Then MRS. WLLLIAMSON embarked other suceessful stories to her luponpro- gressed, ss adt storyrl e. teat admuwa oiaanrrseg a, cboaarduousemnnypt initial venture as a novelist.

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

TEE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

The opening chapters of this dory will be publithed in our tune of

OCTOBER 6rll.

WANTED, GIRL. about 13; washing put out.—Mrs CRAM, 13, Willis-street, Warrington.

WANTED APARTMENTS in Warrington, partly to uia ftE office. Send terms to RICHARD LONSDALE, PUitt Hall, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19000928_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
40-4

===== 0002601_19000928_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington's First Defeat. Stockport ieflicced the first reverse on Warrington this season, at Edgeley Park last Saturday, after a very hard game. The visitors were without two valuable players in Fish an i Taylor, substitutes being found in Duck- worth and Jolley. Stockport turned out as selected and placed a strong team in the field. The weather was fine but dull, and the ground in good order. while there would be quite 4,000 people round the enclosure to wit- ness what is always a popular fixture at Stockport. Mr. S. Williams of Salford was referee. and a few minutes after the advertised time the teams lined out as follow : Warrington :—Hallam, -full back, Duckworth, Isher- wood, Lawless and Hockenhali, toree quarters, Bate and Burgess, half backs, B ardman, Mereweather, Eden, Scholtz2. Swift, Morrison. Jolley and Andrews, forwards. Stockport : J Smith, full back; Hodgson, Crocker, Worsley, and Robinson, tbreequarters ; Bevan and Williams, half backs; Garside, Oram, Owen, Burrows, Trotter, Simister, Taylor,ancl Griffitles,for wards. Stockport lost the toss. and Dr. Hillier, the Conserva- tive candidate kicked off for them, Scholtze returning to centre where Boardman got in the wars and was tem- porarily laid out. A smart punt by Lawless gave War- rington a footing in front or the home goal, Duckworth and Isherwood gaining furtner ground by neat passing. Hallam had a fut le shot at goal from a penalty, Bevan marking. Then the homesters came away with a fine dribble headed by Trotter and Burrows, Hocken- hall dropping pluckily on the ball near the Warrington line. Duckworth next intercepted a pass and threw to Isherwood who broke away and finally punted in touch. Worsley had a drep from Hallam's kick but sent wide. Warrington rushed back to the borne half, Morrison kicking over the line. Mereweather dashed up and threw himself at the ball, but just missed his mark and hurt himself with the effort. He resumed after a short absence, but was never the " same man" for the rest of the game. Stockport assumed the upper hand again and drove Warrington to the line. Duckworth kicked out feebly and Worsley smartly threw to Robinson who dashed over:at the corner, no goal resulting. This reverse aroused Warrington and a)me smart play caused the home team to defend, but they presently attacked &pin and Simister breaking away from a forward rush an strongly and passed to Robinson,ths wing man:finisb- ing up behind the posts. Eleven added a goal, and Warrington found themselves 8 points behind. They rallied again, however, and a fine movement between Bate, Isherwood, and Duckworth ended in the latter scoring far out, Hallam just missing with a place-kick. Lawless had hard luck just before the interval with a knock on when he. had an open field. Half-time: Stockport, 8 points ; Warrington, 3. Swift recommenced hostilities, and even play ensued both ends being visited in turn. Hallam was frequently called upon but responded splendidly. Robinson was twice dangerous, once being grassed near the line and the other time grounding behind the goal after a bad knock-forward. VVors'ey made a fine run for the borne- team and passed to 'lrotter, the latter being 'promptly bowled in touch. During a spell of attacking at the other end Warrington were very near scoring. Bate made a dive for the line and dropped short. while Law- less and Hockenhall missed a chance through slow pass- ing. There was no further scoring and Stockport won by 8 points to 3 points.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Helens Well Beaten at Home.

Runcorn have often triumphed over St. Helens, but so far this season their form had not been too brilliant. They had, evidently not started with all their best payers. but the severe defeat at Swinton compelled them to set their house in order,with satisfactory results. The team whica was at St. Helens on Saturday could scarcely be improred upon. Although playing on a wet ground with a greasy ball, the men hardly ever made a mistake, and their catching, kicking, and passing was as clever and accurate as would have been possible under the best conditions. There was a decidea contrast in the play of their opponents. With the exception of Traynor, the threenuarters on the St. Helens side could scarcely Oro anything right, missing catches and passes, and kicking with bad ju lament when they got the ball. The game wae started by Mr. Henry Seton-Karr, the member for the borou4h, who was looking up his car,- stituents in view of the General Election. tie did not lead them to victory ou this occasion, their unbeaten eartific4te being very badly smudged. They had a chance just after the start, when Butterworth and Houghton were in difficulties near their line,but Doherty failed to give Whiteley a clear opening. and away Run- corn went to the other end. The Runcorn halves were making plenty of openings for their backs, but the tackling of the " Saints " kept Wilkinson and Jones from scJring. Toe most dangerous attack was really made by Houghton, who followed up one of his kicks with such smartness that Foultes only just managed to kick dead in time. Relief was cleverly gained b 7 Traynor by a rare dash under his own poste,and his kick to Houghton being mulled, Whiteley and Melvin should have walked in had they had the presenc3 of mind to put their feet to the ball. Then Runcorn took up a position in front of the S. Helens' goal, mainly through a misunderstanding by Foulkes and Traynor, and the ball being passed out by Richardson, via Faulkner and Butterworth, to Jon-s, the latter scored easily. Farmer missed the goal. The superiority of Runcorn was more than ever manifest when ends were changed. The wind was rather in their favour, and their long kicks repelled every invasion, and placed the "Saints" on the d ,fence. Once they had a beautiful opening, but lost their heads. Houghton had made one of his few mistakes, and a couple of the St. Helens forwards bad only to go straight for the line, but the chance was muddled, and eventually lost. Runcorn returned to the attack, and Doherty fumbled under the posts, and Whitley Failing to kick dead whilst he had plenty of time, saw Messenger sprint up and ground the ball. The goal was not added, but a few minutes later Gayter made a fair catch in a good position, and Farmer steered the ball over the bar. Tomlinson twisted his knee on the slippery ground, and bad to be assisted off,but Runcorn

===== 0002601_19000928_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
- - -

. . , _ .\'.,.._.., , \ -- ..< ---4,, _:" - - 4, - ~... - ' - --- --- —,------ - -- - el, - ._ 1-, _ . ..._ ..,,....:---\ 't ):, 7. s:stf, a-.,' k,,,,-- , ~:: 4,' ;41 l'' - . ' --- 7.7" "*"- '-' -.7 -7.7."17.' n:i.E'si"-SfntijeAilka '.. -- . ~ , .., -';'',,t. 7_' is '04.6. ......./i. , I. _ 4.... ~. ~, •-• . . :%,* .'-' a' • . , -......

===== 0002601_19000928_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONE,

There is only one "First " n a race, and i is acknow- ledgen without doubt tilt GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTER?, roe V. is Tie Bet Itondy of the Age for We illness, Nervousness, Ltdigestioa,L )33 of Aopetite, Impure Bood, Chest Aff ctions, Low Spirits, and Influern. this rem Edy of world-wide fame strengthans that p ort of the system which is ayeakest or has been weakin-d by disease,and theretere more liable to colds and heir attendant ailments ;it purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists nod promotes iiigestiois, aid improves toes apnetite. It braces the nerves ant tortifi?s the ma,cles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thous einivens the spirits ; it removs all insourities and i.bstructions from the human tidy, and gives tone to tne AILOIB system. Gwilvin Elansi Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the forinula in- clod, s the Tonic propeenes of Sarsaparilla, &Saffron, Gentian, Burdock, bsvernier,and Dandelion, in adoition to Q 11010, nul IS si Ali-, Co all ages, from the infant to top adult, and coaficiently recommended to thoi.e who have to devote themselves to study and brain work, to all who work long 1101173 in close rooms, to thos, who breathe impure air, and all 'wit- have to stand exposure of :the weather. People that suffer from braia tag and sle ipleosnsss, who feel " out of ssrte " and "run down," had rspid aed permanent relief fr m the LIS•3 of GwAym Evans' Quinine &Vers. The occupations of some mee keep their wholo faculties continually at their furth .st streicn, and life is all hurry and worry. Little wonder it is that this extreme ten- -3iorl leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these hard-worked toi!ers require an extra susten- ance for holy and brain. Now,Gwily&n Evarts' Quinine • Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their streagth by taking tins infailible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about tais renowned preparation—lsr, used by the medi- cal profession ; 2ad, a purely vegetable conpuid; 3rd, absolutely free from mercury ; 4th, teo'ed for a quarter of a century ; sth, Th, Best fo::ic. There are many medicinal tonics off,rad to the patnic, but they may be ittassifi,d unler two heida Be-st anl the Rest, GWILYM EVAN?' QUININE BE I'Eft3 IS THE BE3l' Caution, bew,re of imitations. Sea that you get G vilvm Evan.E,' Qaiaine ilttrs, with the name " Givi!ym Evans" on toe label, stamp, and bottle. Sold every vhere in bottles 2s, 91, awl 4. eld.or in CU'S cot- taining three 4s. 61. b r:tle-3 at 12 61. per ease. Shwli.l any difficu.ty b experienCed in procuring it, the Pre- prietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sale Proprietors :—Qainine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Lianelly. South Wales.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE thq MAGISTRATES

TiiEMBEZZL'eIMENT BY A WARI2INGTV MAN AT iiIRMINGUAM --.THE SENTENCE. At the Birininghein Police C owe oi Pridiy, John Matthews (37), melager of new Carltrn Tneatre, Saltley, ssy es arrest4id at Wetrisgtoe, wa tharged with embeze i tgseveral 4111113 of mon ,y, a:neuatine to £9 10; , recsiyed be hina ter his emoleyer, Arthur Carl- ton, the proprietor of the theatre. He stepppel into the dock wearing a dark suit. with frock ce tt, and carrying a tell hat in his hind. Mr. Coede, for the prosecution, steted thet the priscesee vi is only receieed in custody from the Wart intern Pence on Thursday.and accordingly h a,iked for a rein end until Seturday. The accused offered no objection. Trip remand wee gralted.—At the seine court on Seturday,befwe Messrs Coance and Hook- ham, Mr Cole appeared for the prosei.ution,end Mr E or. ley defended. Mr. Linde stated that it was orisoner's duty every morningto bank the previous night's takings, and fur hl ink chrques were given him which he could fill up for expenses to a limited extent. 17, was his duty at the end of the week to give in a belancs seeet. The balance sheet tendered ma the B.h inst. Mr C triton the propriet -r, found t be unsatisfaecory. lie wrote to prisoner to this effec-, tint recsived no reply, and on ermingto Birmiugh tin on the NI inday he found that prieener had ahecoetied. The previous Minday ooly £35 153 61 hal heed paid into the b ink, whereas an amount of £4l 154 51 should have been. Prisener had failed to ace.iunt for the difference. Mc. Carlton Vero -out the statem -ric in evidence, and added that his desire was that prisoner should be dealt with as leniently as possible, Mr. Condo suggested that he might be bound over to come up for judgment.—The Clerk: On what ground ?—:de his a young wife and young children. Unfor unarely during the lest week er two head given way to dri Eistley state 1 that it the Bench ciuhi se thi ir war to adopt the course suggested. Mr. Ceriton had ceasented to receive prisener hack late his emp'ov —Prisoeer was beund over for six menths on his own recognize, ces. Two MONTIIS FOR FOWL STEALING. Two youns men, named William Leetno and Alfred Sitten. appeared at the War: iegton Police Court on Saturday-, onacharees of stealing from a yard in Ellis- street at 12 30 ...hit in irning two rain e t ewls,value 61 61 the pron,rty of Ann Dolan, and stealine from a field war Haylr-etreet, two 'aisle ducks, value 5; 61. the, property of Peter Woodward. Superintendent Monag- han said it apnea' e 1 that Ann Do'an, who was the wife of Deal; Mien, 24 Dile-street, was waiting up for her husband at 12 30. when she heard a noise amens the foals in the back yard. 0 a going out she found some low s loose in the earl and heard the noise of someone Tannin! away. She rsp orte 1 the matter to Nile Con- snarl s Lewis, who made a sem ch in the neighbourhood and found feathers at nee back of the houses. Ho re- meinei there until one riC wh in he saw the prisoner Lamb go across Catherine-street. He arrested him an.l found a quantity of feathers :and blend on his clothing. He brought him to the Police St.atien and afterwards arrested the other prisoner. He ex tmined his clothing on which was a quantity of blood and fes-.here. He brought the man to the Police Statioa and afterwards went to ths back yard of 10, Church- street, where there was a nieeoo cote an I disc ivererl two fowls and two dud's. He brought them to the Police Sta iin and ',11,5. IVan Heetifierl the fowls as her ptorerty. Subsequently Peter Woodward, a general dea'er of Catherine-street identified the two ducks as, belonging :o him. They were safe the previous evening. Prisoners, who said they were in drink at the time. were committed to goal for two months. Worm) NOT WORK.—TROITBLE;OME PAUPERS. On Toes -lay at the Warring..on Police Court, fhomae Williams was charged, that he, being an inmate of the vara ti' ward at the Workhouse, did refuse to perform he task of work set him by the master on the 24th inst.—Mr. B. Shearer said the man was discharged from the army as incorrigible and worthless on the 21st init. --He came to the Workhouse on Sunday evening and when put to work the next day he absolutely refused to do anything and wanted to see the doctor. The doctor tramined him and said he was perfectly fit to work. Williams was told to break stones but still refue-d.—Ho was committed to gaol: f3r 14 days with bard labeur.—Mary Jane Conway,another inmate' of the Workhouse, was ehtrged with disorderly conduct and refusing to perform her task.—Mr. Shearer said the woman had been before the court several times for offences against the Workhouse rules. She would not behave herself and during the last six monrhs had been before the committee almost once a fortnight. Yester- day the pertreee told her to do some work and she re- fused and aotd in a very disorderly manner.—Prisoner was smut to gaol for 14 days. SMART SENTENCE FOR ROBBING A SLOT METER. Alfred Austin, a young man was charged at the War- rington Police Court on Thursday with stealing from a gas meter at the dwelling house. 96, School Brow, the sum of 45., the money of Robert Dunn. He was also charged that he being a convicted theif, was found fre- quenting Schen! Brow on Wednesday, wirh intent to commit a felooy. He pleaded guilty—Sergeant Monaghan stated that prisoner had lodged with the preseeutor for some time and during the last few months money has been put in the gas meter. On Wednesday the prisoner was found in another house tampering with the meter and in his possession were a pair of pinchers. The prosecutor then examined his meter and found that 4s had been ex- tracted and the meter had been secured with wire. In- formation was given to the police and the man was arrested by P.C. Williamson. He would not work and was convicted of theft on August 29th.—The magistrates sent the prisoner to gaol for six months.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrlngton Borough Court. FRIDAY.—B fore the Nlavor (Alderman Roberts). Aldermen Heaton, Franeomb. Hutchinson, Councillors Smethurst, Robers.. Dr Vox, J Ilynaer Young, Henry Thornton. and

enherd. TaFF.O FROM A MILE DEALER'S SHOP .---Janet Potts. o no settled abode was charged with stealing from the shop of Jacob Sankey, milk dealer, of Church-stre,t, a bronze ornament, representing a COW and calf.—The facts of the case were that On Thursday evening at about 6.40 the prisoner entered the prosecutor's shop and was seen by a girl named Sarah Savage to t Ice the ornament The girl gave information to Isaac Sankey, a son of t h prosecutor, who afterwards informed the police. P.C. Cunliffe went in search of the women and found her In Dial-street. She ban the ornament in he/ possession.— Prisoner was committed to gaol for two months with hard labour. REMANDFD FOR INQUIRIES.—Eiward Carney. a labourer. was chwged with having in his possession two pairs of stockings supposed to have been stolen —Detective Meacock informed the Bench that at 8 o'c'crilc the previous night be was on duty in Bridge street in company with P.C. Penning- ton when he saw the prisoner stop several persons and offer

There i 3 Security in A few drops on tho toothtrnah every =writing CARTER'S IVER Entail Pill. Of Pills pDroiscee. Will Sweeten tha Breath all day. and make all the diiTerence Absolutely cure Sick Headache, tween— Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Indi- Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. zestion, Constipation, Dizziness, White Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Furred Tongue. They Touch the Liver. Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth 2 Complete in Toilet Cac with SU be sure the 7 CLRTLE "' • Ititotia 'ow, r,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
so -nettling for sale. He then came to witness and asked hlm to buy a pair of stockings for sixpence in order that he might oht ain a nigtr.'s lo Iginge. lie was questioned as to where he got them from and said that he bought them in a public house. —itipeintenclent l‘donaghan asked for a remand until Monday, in order that inquiries might be made.—This was granted. ASSAULT CASE.—Annie Leather. 6. Hulme-street, was charzed with assaulting James Smith, 53, Hulme-street, on the 17th inst. A cross-eurnenons had been issued charging Sn..ith with assaulting Leather.—James Smith informed the magistrates that on the date named, the defendant stood beside the door of the Muse where he was lodging, and made use of some abusive langitsge with regard to him. He went out and she struck him in the face and tore his waistc sat.— Mrs. Loather centers led that Smith struck t'.7.e first blow.— The magistrates ordered each corty to pay their own costs. ALLEGED Wirz DFsEhrlors. Frank Turner of 81. Priestley-street, was charged with deserting his wife. Alice Turner of 19. Caetwright-str et on the Bth inst.—Defendant said his wife left him. —Complainant stated that she sent to a public house far her husband. When he came home he illused her and beat her about the head, tier father came in and defendant:told him to take her away: She had been four times ; to the house since, but he would not allow her to come in. Defendant said he was working until six o'clock on the even- ing in question, and complained that his wife pawned his clothes and spe )t the money in gambling. This had led to unpleasantness. —Cornplainant denied this and stated 'hat eh 5 pawned clothes at d fenclant's instigation to buy fool when he was on strike.--On the suggestion of the Mayor the defendant promised to take his wife back and "give her a fair chance." 31oNnay.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst, and Messrs. Monks, Geddes. 13:ccha1l, and S.

Wright. DISCHLRGRD.—Rdwari Carney was pl tell in the dock and the Cleik explained that he was rernan led on Fri tray on a charge of being in possession of a pair of stockings supposed to have been stolen.—Suporintendent Monaghan said he had made inquiries bat was is sable to find the ow ler of the stockings. fie therefore offered no evidence. —Prisoaer was disc'sarged. ANoTnEn TaErr OF Boors —Sarah Ann Allen and Mar- garet Hatfield, of Mairhester, pleaded guilty to stealing from the shop of J. N Brawn and Co , Horsernarket-stroet on Saturday. R pair of children's boats value 3s 64. --super- intendent Mon.ghasi said that on Sunday, he and Detective Meacook were going through a common lodging-house in Bank-street when they noticed the prisoners, who wore strangers and were wearing new shawls, aprons and boots. On being qw-stioned they sail they came from Manchester. On looking round they (the offic -rs) saw the boats mentioned in the cha,ge, oa the deesser ant prisoners said they had baught them fro:n a iltie girl. They ultimately almited steeling them. —Prisoners were seat to gaol for 1; days' With hard labour. _

TaIIoWLNG ST.D.IIE3 AT A. 0,18 LAMP.—Tnotna3 Farrinztla, a boy, resi lin in Giassh iuse-row and who faile to appear at Conrt, was clear l with t'irowing stones in F tetory-lano on the 16h inst —P.C. Clough said else defendant threw stones at a gas lamp and broke a pane of glass. —Mr. Taylor, secretary to the Gas Dap irnaent of the Chrporatiol, said that stone throwing was beennsing so prevalent. and so much damage was done that the GAS Department had determined to ask for police assistatace to put down the nuisance. '2hey suffered to the extent of soughing like LA per annum through this plactic-....—A fine of 53 and costs was imposed. T1TE9134.Y. -INOre COulctilictr 4mentir9l; (in the chair),

===== 0002601_19000928_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
-Allermen Heaton and Hutchinson.

NEGLIGENT riTaER S ENT To Gaon.—Cornehus Ward was charged with runnin2 away from the borough on July 13th, leaving his two children chargeable to the common funds o the Warrington Union.—Mr. Shearer said the children had been in the Workhouso eleven times within the last two years, prisoner having been living in Manchester with his sister. The mother of the children had a bad character, and was at present in prison for neglecting them. Prisoner had repeatedly been asked to contribute to the maintenance of the children. which were illi-gitimate, but refused He was vary defiant and the Guardians pressed the case against him—P.3 Cheeney said he apprenended the man in AanCliester on Monday an ias •tertained tha-. he was earning 25s a week.— Prisoner said he had given the woman money, but she spent it in drink. in answer to one of the magistrates, Mr. Shearer said the children had cast the Union not less than 251—Prisoner who made his 9th appearance was committed to gaol for twra months with hard labour—is he was leaving the dock he exclaimed " I expect you will give me a finisher this time, and then I shan't need to arms before you again." AN OLD OFF R.lDEL—Slargaret MeL aughlin was corn mitted to gaol for a month for !sling drunk and disorderly in Bridge street, at 10.25 the previous night. This was hr 38. h appearance.

Tiußsnsr —Before 'Hr. J. Hepherd (in the chair). Mr. H. T.

Fair°lough. and Alderman Heaton.

DE3SERTERS SURRZNDER.—MichaeI Rowan was charged with being a deserter from the 3rd Bast Lancashire Regiment stat oned at Preston since the 23rd inst.. and James Pendle- bury and John Gardner were charged with deserting from the 3rd Loy-1 North Lancashire Regiment stationed at Pres- ton.—P.S. Williamson said the prisoners surrendered them- saves at the Police Station —They were remanded to Strangeways to await an escort.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TITESDLY.—Before Messrs JO Parr (in the chair). John White

Hervey Talbot. J Neill and William Long.i

AS3AULT ON TH E POLICE. Michael Hee gars, a farm labourer, was eharged with making use of obscene language on September 23rd and with assaulting P.C. hills whilst in the execution of his duty on the same date —P.C. 131iis said he heard the defendant, who was with four others, making use of bad languake and he cautioned him. He took no notice, however, and on again being told about his conduct he assaulted witne.s. While they were struggling on the ground one of the d fendaned friends kicked witness, and had it nor been for the assistance of a young man who was passing at the time he would hive been seriously injured.— Fined 5s and costs for the first offence and 10s and costs for the second.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Adjourned Licensing

Sessions.

MONDiY.—Befor) F. J. Norman (presiding), S. Taylor and W. Timmins. THE JERY LISTS.

The list 3 of jurors 'for Runcorn. Weston, Clifton, Norton, Halton and Stockholm were produced and proved by the several assist.int overseers.—Mr W Sutton, assistant over- seer. for the plrish of Runcorn. also produced his list of per- sons to be excused from payment of the poor-rate. As emit- p‘red with last year there was one less.—The list was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIFLEMAN'S ARMS.

Mr. Joseph Burton, solicitor, ganctarn, aope wed on behalf of ars Liltnai Hongh, widow of the late kir Arthur ough licensee of tne Rifleman's Arms, and applied ths.t the licence should be granted to tars Hou/h.—The police having no ob- jection the application Wlti granted.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOX TIVERN, ALC3CIC-9111EET.

Mr. John Leach, the licensee, of the •• Pox Tavern," appeared to hear objection to the renewal of his licence.— The Magistrates' Clerk observed that the Bench would remember the case was adjourned on the grounds of there being no door at the back, an the diffi mity of police supervislon.—The Superintendent of Police said since the case was adjourned a door had been erected by the Owners of the house at the back. There was, however, a difficulty still. unless some arrangement could be come to with Mr. Cobbler, the lod7ing-house keeper. Still all ha, been done as far as the licensee was concerned, and he had no further objection. His instructions had simply been to bring the matter before the magistrates. The house had been con- victel in April last, bit since then had been well conduatei. —The Chairman You are satisfied ?—itu”rinaendent Pears Y.: : Yes, I am eattsfied.—The Chairman: The licence will be granted.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OPPORTUNITY LOST.

The c-insideration of the licence of tie" Albion Vaults." came up for consideration. and there having been no objec- tion lodged against the licence it was allow° ito stand.—lt will be remembered that the Temperance Societies through Mr. IL Davies. solicitor, Liverpool. at the last meeting spoke of opposing the renewal of the licence. It would now appear that the opportunity has been allowed to slide.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRSFERS.

gThe following persons were granted temporary authority to sell intoxicants. itc.. until the next licensing court :—James Woodier, " Oddfellows Arms," Wellington-street. and John William Fitzsimmons, " Friendship Tavern." irr.% er-st. That was all Lila licensing business. POUCH COMIT BIYSINBS3.

" THE TRIALS Or I SHIP CANAL CoNSTABLE."—Henry Moores. a Constable in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal, Company, on the 1t3..h of September WiS performing his duty at the Locks, when shortly aft tr 12 o'clock, Davi t Ashleigh. a chemical labourer, came along. The Constable found it :ne:sessary to tip -ak to Ashleigh, and for his pains, Ashleigh (so the Constable said) assaulted him and they closed in a struggle. Both fell upon the floor and naight have fallen into the Canal lock and been drowned. However he got she mastery, and subsequently Ashleigh sat on a wall, and cried, asking the Const sble not to report him. David Ashleigh. subsequently went and took out a summons for assault against the Constable, and gave as his ver-ion Vaal.; he was coming home from Weston on the 15th, when the Ship Canal Constable assaulted him without any provo— cation. The Ship Canal Company instructed Mr. F. A. Lake, solicitor to deiend Moores, and evidence was called to show that Ashleigh was a well-known loiterer about the Docks.— John Parr, a lock-tender; Thomas Bolton, a Ship Canal Con- stable ; and T. Spencer Bowyer, of the Cheshire Constabulary all spoke of Ashleigh as such—The case against Constable Moores was dismissed.--A summons against David Ashleigh, for assaulting the Constable was then heard, and the same evidence produced, the, result that Ashleigh was fined 105 and costs, or n days. Fasnnso IN THE STREETS —William Antrobus and Robert Brogkley, lahourere were summoned by the police for being drunk and disorderly in Halton-road on the Bth inSt.—The defendants pleaded guiltv.—Constable Nicholls stated that the men were fighting in H 4ton-road when he separated them. A few minutes afterwards, however, he heard a row in Porter-street. and on going there he found the two defendants again preparing to fight Antrobus was the worst of the two.—Defendants were fiued 5s and costs. or 14 days. hinion OFFENCES.—Ann Cowap, Stonehills Farm, was fined 5s for allowing her dog to be at large.—P.C. Gregory prov-d the Casa.—John Ball, of Cross-street, was fined 51 and costs, or 7 days for using obscene language. —Rose Ann Scott. who it was stated was always quarrelling with her husband when at home at Heath-road, on the last occasion of a row between them, WAS overheard by Constable Gilpin using obscene language.—The Bench having heard the facts, fined her be and costs.

A YOUNG STONE THROWER GEM WARNED.—John Evans, ten year old. son of John Urals, Coon', ptrot.. Wag

===== 0002601_19000928_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, RUDA/ SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.

moned for throwing stones in Cooper-street, on the 22nd September last.—The little fellow said he was " only throw- ing them along the floor to his sister."—The superintendent of p3lice said he would be sorry if a convictiou followed on this case. It had only been brought forward in the iaterest Of putting the practice dowis. —The Chairman severely cau- tioned the little fellow and toll him of the " rod in pickle " for him if ha was cauzht doing anything of the kind again. A SON KEPT FOR Is. 6D A WEEK.—Wiliam Sergeant appeared to answer comp aint la!d by David Pearson, super- intendeat of police, to show cause why he should not con- tribute to the mainteronce of his boy Leonard George Sargetnt an inmate chirc.able to the Reformatory Scheol at Sandbach.—Defendant offered Is a week..—Superintendent Pearson stated defendant was employed on the Ship Canal. and his average earnings were 303 a week. He hid only one child dependent upon him at present. He was paid at the rate of bid an h )ur, but made a deal of overtime and worked on Sundays. He asked for Is 63 a week.—The Chairman pointed out to Sergeant that it would Cost him a great deal more tt.an Is 63 a week to keep his bay so he ought to pay it gracefully —Defendant : Very well. sir. MAINTENANCE ORDERS.—THE SUPPORT OF PARENTS.-- Thomas Wainwright, was proceeded against by Mr. John Frod3ham. collector to the Runcorn Board of Gaardians, to show cause why he should not contribute Is a week tower is the maintenance of his parents —Thomas and Sylvia Wain- wright, chargeable to the Rsncorn Union.—Defendant stated he conld not contribute anything,— Mr. Frodsharn , stated defendant was a labourer at the Docks and earned about 183 a week. ge had no children. Defendant's wife had been before the Guardians, and they thought it was a case where Is could be eontributed.—Defenlant then pleaded being out of work and suffering from ill-health.Mr Frodsharn replied that could he show that any time ths contribution would no doubt be remitted.—The order was made.—Joseph and Samuel Taylor, brothers, were asked to contribiate Is each towards their mother Ruth Taylor. who was in receipt of out-relief.—Mr. Frodsharn state! the case against Joseph was that he worked for Messrs. Simpson, Davies ant Co., as a bottmin in charge of the " Maggie and Mien," He earned an average of £1 103 31 a week after all exoenses ware deducted. His children and wife al!

lived on the boats and helped in the working of them.--The othar brother Samuel WAS a ch smic al labourer, and earned a standing wage oF 2:s a week. Re had a wife and two child- ren —Joieph stated he could not afford ta pay as he had six children to keep, and himself and wife.—Samuel's wife who appeared for him, complained that already stae had enough to pay.—The order for is a week was made in each ease.— Georqe and Charles Henry !Junta abin. ty.others, of M3ore, admitted owing £1 14s 6,1 arre Ira of maintenance order made 24th Slay 19 JO, and promised to pay within a month. Frodsham asked for an order aacordingly and it was granted. - . .

A HUSBAND IMPRISONSD.—Herb2rt Jeins on, Shaw-street, who had heen admitted to bail, appeared to aniwer a summons from his wife. -It appeared he owed her £2 14s 6d arrears on a separe,ion order. The ohairm in end,' get nothing satisfactory out of the defendant as to when he would pty the amount, so committ3d him ta Knutsford for a moa h.

A. DlgnrilllviCz BRT.INsWICK-EiTaRET. —Thom as M sores, and Thomas Mackey, tramps, were charged with begging and with using obscene language ire Brunswick-street on Saturday night hat.—lloores pleadel guilty and Mackey pleaded not guilty.—From the evidence of Police Sergeant Gregory it would appear that the men were fighting In Brunswick-street, and using most abominable language P.O. Gilpin and other witnesses corroborated.—Moores was committed for seven d sys' hard laboor, and Mackey was liberated being given the benefit of a doubt. DRUNKI3NNES3.—John Watson, Lock-street. aged 19 years, pleaded guilty,snd was finel 5 and Ets 6.1 costs or seven days, for being drunk and die irderiv.-14noch Verr.c anal boatman was also tined 5; and Els 6:1 costs for a similar offence.— Thomas Davenport a 11 ttmao for being druok was fined 5s or seven days.—Joha Burke, who had been 45 times convicted of drunkenness, was allowed to go" scot free " elthauzb he pleaded guilty to sleeping out in Back Mersey-street, Runcorn —The Bench took such a lenient view of the case as Burke stated he had only recently been liberated from the Workhouse Hospital.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

easily held their own. The " Saints " were a beaten team, and the climax arrived when Houghton following up his kick saw Traynor MiB3 the catch and took it himself, and continuing his run at top speed went clean over the line. It was a grand effort, and deserved the try. " Time " was now called with Runcorn victors by 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points) to nothing.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Frodsham Petty Sessions.

WEDNE3DLY.—Before Messrs. C. Reynolds (presiding) and J. Ockleston. .

_ FRICTION BE I'WkcEN NE.IGHB )RR4.—Elizabeth Ainsworth, of Hfusby. was summoned by Jane B us, Hillside Cottage, Helsby. for assaulting her on te 6th September, 1931 Complainant stated she had been accused by the defen lant of putting an advertisement in the paper, which announced that the defendant's husband would not be responsible for any debts contracted by his wife. This caused friction between the two. Subsequently, complainant went to Ainsworth's house for a counterpane she had lent her. The quilt was in a dolly-tub in the back kitchen, end she told the defendant she was going to take it. She stooped down to wrung the counterpane and defendant pushed her. She also locked her in a room and threatened to murder her.— Defendant said the row about the counterpane was all caused by complainant, and she had ,snly struck her ii self- iefence. —The Bench dismissed the case, but bound the defendant over to keep the peace. A COLD WATER BATH.—Mary Moores, of Newtown, Fro- - sham, summoned James Yarwood a young man of the same loaality,for using abusive language towards her.—lt appeared that several youths were in the habit of congregating on the shop step where the complainant lived. She requested them to leave, and they all went except the defendant. He be- came abusive and used filthy language towards her on Satur- day the 15th September.—Defendant said he was sitting on the step quietly enough eating a bun, when be felt a shower of cold water on his back, he had hardly moved when another bucket of water was thrown over him. He ad nitted'after that he did become abusive —Fined ss. and Sc. 61. costs. GIINOR OFFENCES. —Thomas Brown, Booth-street, was fined 5s for being drunk.—George Schofi Id, of Runcorn, was fined 58 for riding a bicycle without a light. —Geo ge Lauceley, cf Manley-road. was fined ss, for allowing three cows aud two Calves to stray at Frodsham.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NEITHER GRAMMAR NOR HEADACHE.

Commonly it is women who suffer from headache— not men.

" No, Sir," exclaimed a hardy old friend of the writer's, an individual who knew as little of grammar as of illness, " No, Sir ; I don't: .know nothing about nerves. My head never aches no more than a paving stone."

Yet there are others. Up to the age of thirty I used to have spells of headache which nearly drove me blind and wild. What caused them? Lt us read what Joseph Wood has to say :

" From boyhood I have suffered severely from head ache. All food lay heavy on my stomach, and some- times my legs pained me so I could hardly walk. I was not laid up, but always dreadfully weak, and never really well. " I took tonics and liver mixtures, but was none the better for them. About two years ago I was advised to use Mother Seigel's Syrup, and in a short time it made a new man of me. I am now healthy and strong."— Joseph Wood, Birchmoor, near Tamworth, September 7th, 1899. No more indigestion, no more liver trouble, no more poisonous acids in the blood, no more headache—that is the philosophy of Mr. Wood's recovery. Both men and women should make a note of it.

" In 1887, the first Jubilee year," says another man "my health broke down ; so there was no Jubilee feel- ing for me. I couldn't eat ; the least food gave me great pain at the chest and stomach. Even a drink of water would start the pain ;it made me afraid to eat. For eighteen months I was unable to do a stroke of work. "A I sat in a chair the perspiration would run off me for very weakness ; my flesh wasted like snow under a warm sun. After two years of this I began taking Mother Seigel's Syrup, and in a brief time it cured me completely."—Andrew Shipman, KLIMCOLI, Est Bridg- ford, Notts, S-ptember 15th, 1893.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

A Licensing Application Refused.

The Daresbury adjourned fecensing Sessions sere held on Tuesday morning. The magistrates present were Messrs J C Parr (in the chair), John White, H Neild, William Long and Hervey Talbot. Mr. Bon made an applicition on behalf of Mr F A Caress, grocer, of 1, Old London-road, Stockton Heath, for an oat-door beer licence. He said that Mr Caress had already a licence for wines and spirits, and he now asked for an out-door licence to enable him to sell bot- tled beer. He would on no account sell beer in jugs. At Stockton Heath during the last two year;,. 210 houses had been built and the plans for 80 more had already been passed to be built in the immediate neighbourheo 1 of the shop. Therefore trade was more brisk. His client had informed him that he wanted the licence merely to oblige his customers, who, by the way, since they had known that he was to apply for the licence, had placed orders for bottled beer and stout to the extent of 120 deze:s. By granting the licence the Bench would not be increasing the ' number of licences in the village, for his client had already a small licence and it was simply giving him an additional suppll Si.iperintendent Pearson said he hid received irrtruc- done from the Chief Constable of Cheshire to oppose the granting of the licence,there being already sufficient facilities for drinking purposi s. Triers were the Saracen's Head, Red Lion, and the Mulberry Tree, in addition to an off-licence. Mr. Steel, solicitor, also opposed the application, hav- ing baen instructed to de so by several residents and occupiers in the district. The application was supported by Mr.Seddon,Warbur- , ton-street, and Mr. Howarth. Gaskell-street, who said they did not like to send children to the public-house. Mr. Steel contended that another off-licence was un- neeeesary in the neighbourhood. and, as it had been pointed out, there were already four drinking establish- ments. He need not explain the increased dangers attached to the granting of another licence. An objec- tion was that a woman might go to the shop and order the bottled beer as groceries. The shop was also very near to the schools and church. .

Mr. Browne explained that children would not be sent for the bottled beer. It would be sold in dozens. The shop was closed at nine every evening except Saturday, when it was closed at ten. It was also closed on Sun- days. The magistrates retired to consider their decision and on their return tte Chairman said that they bad decided not to accede to the application.

YMNA.SIA.—An increasingly popular form of recreation kJ for the long winter evenings is that provided by Gymnastic Clubs. Such Institutions are rapidly multiply- ing. One of the leading manufacturers of Gymnastic Apparatus is the firm of CIE). G. Busskrft Co.,London. con- tractors to the War Office, Admiralty. India Office and London County Council. Apply to the local Sports Dealer for G. G. B. & Co.'s Catalogue. If not procurable apply to 36 and 33 Queen Victoria-atreet. or 213 Revot-street London. Factories—Pecklaarn, London, and Blatswell, Suffolk. Advt. (3).

*o* Secretaries of Foothill Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, n.it late than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be Inserted

===== 0002601_19000928_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Oldham v. Barro w.

Considerable inrev,t was evinced in the meetring of these clubs at Oldham, and upwards of 12,000 people were present. The struggle was a good one and eventu- ally Oldham won by a goal and two tries to a try. Salford v. Rochdale Hornets.

At Salford this game was keenly followed by a big crowd. The result was a victory for the Hornets by one goal and three tries to two goals and a try. Swinton v. Widnes.

Swinton was the venue of this match, which the home fifteen won by two goals and two tries to a goal. The veteran Valen'ine kicked the winners' goals, and Lewis and Poßin obtained their tries; whilst Batey scored for Widnes.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Wigan v. Broughton Rangers.

Play was of a fluctuating character in this match at Wigan, but the Rangers scored a goal and a try—both obtained by W James—in the opening half, and this gave them the victory by five points to nil.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Leigh v. Millom.

The visitors were succeseful at Leigh—winning by two goals and two tries, to two trics by Mac Masters and Ganley. Young and Atkinson crossed the line for the winners, and Beckett improved upon the tries.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Leads v. Leeds Parish Church.

These old rivals and near neighbours met at Head- ingley in the presence of about 'LON people, when the "Churchmen" had the beet of a keen struggle, and won by a goal (ptaced by Moseley) and two tries (obtained by Fairbairn and Braysliaw) to nil.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Hunslet V. Bramley.

A hard struggle between these fifteens, at Hunslet, ended in favour of the home side by two goals and two tries to a goal and a try. For the winners Goldthorpe and Mudd scored the goals, and Elanah the tries, whilst Bedford and Lambrecht did ihe needful for the losers.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Hull v. Halifax.

Playing upon their own ground. the Hull men had slightly the netLer of the opening half, and led at the interval by a goal to love. Afterwards, however, Hali- fax notched a goal and a try, and so won by five points to three'.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Manningham v. Liversedge.

Nothing tangible wa3 scored in this gams at Man- ningham, until after the interval, when the local club asserted its superiority, and won in the end by three goals and two trie3 to a goal. Ptoctor, Wear, Fox, O'Donnell, Sunderland, and Garnett played promin- ently.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Brighouse v. Castleford.

Brighouse, who played at home, scored a couple of tries to a dropped goal by nem opponents prior to changing ends, but substquently the home side did pretty much as they liked, and won easily by twenty- seven points to two.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Huddersfield v. Batley.

Play was of an intensely exciting character all through this encounter, at Fartown, Goodall and born-- man being conspicuous for their respective sides. A pointless draw however, was the result. Wakefield Trinity v. Bradford.

Bradford I:ad a little the better of tbe play in this engagement,on their riOals' ground, and the game ended in their favour by two pals (kicked by Eager and Cooper) and two cries (by Pollard and Laidlaw).to a goal (Goodyear) and a try (Thresh).: Holbeck v. Hull Kingston Rovers.

The Rovers attackcd hotly during the first half at Holbeck, and led by a goal and a try at the chadge over Ho!beck, however, asserted ;themselves in the second period, and ultimately won by fourteen points to five.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE "A" TEAMS COMPETITION.

Warrington v. Stockport.

Warrington " A" again came off victorious on Siam- day, when Stockport were the visitors to Wilderspool. The following was tee home team :—Murray full back; Jewkes, Radcliffe, Dickenson and Moores, three-quarters Knight and Allen. half backs: Fairhurst, Autrobus, Smith, Boecow, Povey, Price, Pemberton and Swift; forwards. Warrington won the toss and Stockport attacked. The home team retaliated, and Knight dropped for goal, the ball -going outside. After some fine passing Jewlrm got poss, ssion and scored, Ihdcliffe converting. Half-time, Warrington, one goal, one try (five points), Stockport, nil. In the second half Moores scored from a pass from Radcliff, Knight making an abortive attempt at goal. Dickenson also scored. Full time arrived with the score Warrington A, one goal three tries (11 points), Stockport A, nil. Runcorn "A" v. St. Helens "A.°

Runcorn "A" proved that they were going strongly on Saturday last,when they took down the S fielens "A " at Runcorn by 30 points to five. As the score indicates the game was a decidedly one sided one. Commencing from a scrimmage in inid-field,brought about by Betley's bad-kicking, Runcorn soon got to work and in the first five minutes Nickson an i W illiamson had run in a couple of tries. One of them Nickson also augmented. Run- corn continued to press and held quite a master band. Their full back, however, was very slow, and from a rush St Helens got over Warton being the try-getter. Delmame made no mistake about the goal. It was not long before the borne team had run on three more tries, Nickson, Gayter and Szonelv being the scorers. Nickson converted one and Inglesfield had hard lines striking the upright from a difEcult position. Half-time saw the scores : Runcorn. 2 goals 5 tries 19 points, St. Helene, 1 goal 1 try 5 points.—Resuming, the game degenerated and before the en] came St Helens were badly beaten. Wilhamson, Stonely, and Nickson again secured tries one of which was conertcd. The final result was : Runcorn "A" 3 goals 8 tries 30 points, St Helens "A " 1 goal 1 try 5 points.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON RANGERS V. WIDNES WHITE STAR.—At Warrington. The Rangers kicked off, and in the first minute F. Peters scorrd, A Peters kicking the goal. Widnes kept up the pressure, Rayley scoring at the corner, no goal re,sulting. Half-time: Wnite Star,eight points ; Rarigers, nil. In the smond half Widnes corn- pletely outplayed the Rangers, tries being scored by flayley and Yates (two.), Poter.i kicking a goal. Final : Widnes White Star, 19 points ; Warrington Rangers, nil. WIDNES RANGERS V LATCHFORD RANGERS.—A.t Widnes. Both teams wero fully r,prese(ited. When the interval

had arrived n) scoring had been done. Resuming, Widnes attacked vigorously, Kennedy scoring, Butler failing at goal. After hard pressare Kennedy scored, and then Fletcher,Baskerville failing to augment. Final: —Widnes, three tries (nine points) ; Latchford Rangers, nil.

FLETCHER RUSSELL'S v. OLDHAM " A."—This match caused a considorable amount of interest, and was the means of attracting about 500 spectators tto the Liver- pool-road ground on Saturday•Oldham played an exceed- ingly strong team, and Fletcher'a played Antrobus and Hoicroft in the places of Clare and Cortese. Oldham won the toss and a smart return was made by Holroyd. From a scrimmage Lees got away, and after a good passing movement Sellers scored a grand try from which S Wormald experieoced little difficulty in adding the goal. The re-tart E. a sc the home team dash for the Oldham lines, and Holcroft was almost over before he was tackled. A few minutes later Barrett Ecored under the posts, Ashurst adding the goal. Some loose play ollowed, until Oldham solde a brief stay in the home- fsters quarters. Peden returned with a long punt, and Pearce made a good run, but Antrobus accounted for him before he got in dangerous quarters. Scott came away and play went to the Oldham end, where Pearce again made a da.hing run, eluding several of the home team before he was grassed by Timperley. The visitors by way of scrimmages worked their way to the home- sters' 25,where Fletcher', were penalised and S Wormald again kicked a goal. Half-time, Oldham " A." two goals one try ; Fletcher Russell's, one goal one try. Broome

re-started and Bush made a smart run for Oldham, but could not get thrqugh the strong defence. Fletcher's went away to centre. Pearce. getting possession and dodging at least half-a-dozen opponents, scored another try for Oldham S Wormald adding a third goal. Foden dropped a goal from near the half-way line. Bath sides worked vigorously, and time after time Oldham were almost over, T Knight saving in many a tight corner. Shortly after a visit was paid to the other end,and Forster was almost in. Final :—Oldham "A," three goals two tries (12 points) ; Fletcher Russell's, two goals one try (seven points). RUNCORN' RECREATION V. BIRKENHEAD WANDERERS "A." The Recreation team were very unlucky to lose their match with the Wanderers "A " team on Saturday. The match took place at Runcorn in connection with the Lancashire League on the Recreation ground and opened in lively fashion. After ten minutes play Wright for the Recreation dadged over beautifully from a scrim- mage and scored. Brown kicked a goal. Then Birken- head were credited with a penalty goal from the foot of Toole and D Davies scored a fine try at the corner, but the goal kick failed. At half time the scores were even. In the second half the Recreation held the advaritage, and had several times very hard lines in not scoring. Within a minute of time the Birkeohaad men made a Spurt and getting in the Rees 25," a Birkenhead far- ward dropped a goal and woo th 3 match. Final : Bir- kenhead Wanderers "A "two goal one try, Runcorn Rena one goal one try.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Health is always uncertain. The strongest per- sons are often unable to withstand the influences at work to undermine health.and nobody who violates the laws of Nature can expect to escape the evil consequences. The strain of an absorbing business life, the worry of housekeeping, the changes in the weather,and, in fact, a million conditions may arise to make special demands upon the vitality or resis- tive strength of the body. It is when health first begins to fail that the sys- tem should have especial attention. Physicians ap- preciate the importance of assisting Nature to resist dis'ase, and it was probably just this fact which influenced the doctor to recommend Scott's Emul- sion in the following case _- - -

"3, Springfield Road. ' • Kingston-on-The meg, "April 28%, 1899

"Dear Sirs,—l think it Is only my duty to let you know how much benefit I have received by taking your Scott's Emulsion. I must say your prepara- tion has wonderful sustaining and strengthening properties, and has been invaluable to me. At my business I have very long hours, often working seventy hours a week, and I am sure that had it not been for the marvellous effects derived by taking Scott's Emulsion I should not have

IRDON SCOTT. (From a photograph.)

been able to stand it. I was thoroughly tun do:egg' and was recommended to take Scott's Emulsion br my doctor, and lam sure it has worked wonderS, with me. I also found it very strengthening after I had influenza. I shall always take great pleasure in recommending Scott's Emulsion to any one whom I think it would benefit.—Yours faithfullY. (Signed) "GORDON SCOTT." Physicians realise that one of the most important uses of cod-liver oil is in giving the system vitalicv and strength, and thus enabling it to ward on disease. The reason that Scott's Emulsion is becom- ing such a popular remedy is because it makes cod- liver oil more beneficial than it is in any other form. Scott's Emulsion is palatable, and saves the ystem the hard work of breaking up the oil so that It can be absorbed. Scott's Emulsion also contains hypophosphites and glycerine in proportions approved of by the medical profession. For giving the system real strength and vigour, there is nothing so effectual as Scott's Emulsion. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion d sending threepence to cover poster, Co So" Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95. Saffron Hill, Hill, kindon, E.G., and mentioning this paper. MI chemists sell Scott's Emulsion.

{ ' _....... - \ . • ~, -"V ' i' ' ....40: "71 (ii\ „,..--- , 1 ~..,40 , \._ -.....) i... , . r,':, (7f6/1/7/ 'iii..''..,----,:.7 (11 1 ___ . I . . I fa 41i(1 i I , . I I , Al/44. i I ' 1 ' . . I ' i i ;. io 4 tv . / .. g . ~ . / ,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Combination. Warrington v Wrexham.

This match was played at Arpley on Saturday after- noon. Originally the match was arranged to be played at Wrexham, but with the Rugby club away from their native heath the chances favoured a good gate. This was Warrington's first appearance in a combination match, and with several capable men men having been signed on a good team was placed in the field. Wrex- ham had their best eleven doing duty, the side including four internationals. Me weather was favourable and the attendance was very satisfactory. Warrington kicked off, and a forward movement by Pierpoint was checked. Wrexham raced away, and after two minutes play Aspinall was beaten. Warrington attacked strongly, and the visitors' custodian had t 3 handle from Riley and Broster. A momentary attack was checked by Cook, but Wrexham returned, and Jones placed the ball through the net but was ruled offside. Smart work on the home left gained ground, but Murray's shot was easily accounted for. Warrington goal had a narrow escape, Aspinall just saving in time. Both teams attacked in turn, but a stubborn defence was offered. Wrexham Tvere penalised, 1 and although Sanders sent the batl into the net the point was disallowed for off-side. A spell of even play followed, but eventually Foster and Murray broke away. The former centred well, but Pierpoint missed an easy chance of equalising. Aspinall was applauded for brilliant saves during a hot; attack. The home backs defended well and cleared their lines. The visitors proved too smart, arld for a second time the ball was sent through the Warrington goal. Thompson was injured and had to retire. Half-time—Wrexham, three goals; Warrington, nil. Rosuming, it was seen that Thompson was unable to take his place, and his absence in a great measure disorganised the play. Wrexham were chiefly the attacking force, but many of their movements were negatived by off-side play. Eventually the Welshmen asserted their superiority, and as the outcome of some clever work the score was aug- mented hy'a goal, the final score being Wrexham, four goals ; Warrington, nil.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Earlestown v. Haydock.

These old rivals engaged in a friendly bout on Satur- day on the Haydock ground. There was a large number of spectators, but as there was nothing at stak very little interest was taken in the game. Earlestown had a good team up, and tried another centre forward in Walker, whilst Haydock were also strongly represented. Haydock were unable to prevail against the Earlestown players, who consideradly ovlrplayed their opponents. The teams meet in the course of a week or so in the, qualifying round of the English Cup Competition, but the match on Saturday could not be considered any criterion of the respective merit of the teams. The game ended in favour of Earlestown by two goals to one.

To MOTHERB.—MrB. Winolow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while t6ethlng, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufterer immediately It is pleatant to taste ; and produces natural aniet bleep, fly relieving the child from pain and the Mit, unerub awakes "as b”ightlas a button." Of all Chemists is lid per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

Sankey Wire Mills Club. FIRST ELEVEN. —SEASON 19)0. Matches played, 15 ; won, 6 ; lost, 5 ; and drawn, 4. BATFiN6 AvEn.iGE9. Aver - No. of Times Most in Total sr Inns, not out. inns. runs. 9.37 G Gough ll ... 3 ... 54* ... 155 -• ;440 J Evans H Clarke A Marshall 4 ... 0 ... 25 ... 41 ••• 6.61 W Woodcock l5 ... 2 ... 23 ... 125 9 F Williams 4 ... 0 21 36 ••• 8.8; H Cook Lavell R Cook l3 ... 1 ... 18* 83 -• 641 J Booth J Monks 4 1 8 ... 14 -• 466 J Foden J Hawthorn W Evans J Pritchard F Burton 2 0 ... 9 17 B Myles .1 Thomason It Palmer W Kenwright F clegg G Shaw I Barlow I ... 0 0 ... 0 13 Powell l._ ... 0 ... 0 ... 0

===== 0002601_19000928_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
*Signifies not out

RoWLING AVERAGES. ()vers. M'fins. Runs. Mits. is 6.1 v I Evans 157 ... 31 ... 345 ... 56 R Cook A 9l ... 13 ... 245 .. 29 W Woodcock 9l ... 17 ... 234 ... 23 A Marshall lO ... 1 ... 21 ... 5 W Kenwright J Thomason F Burton J Hawthorn H Clark ' —. 4 ... 0 ... 19 ... 0

"A Little Coquette" at Parr Hall. ueoll. Mr. Alfred Woods is to be congratulateo,o` the success which has attended his introductlybip " A Little Coquette" to the Warrington P°OWP With three other places of amusement in t"9 in full swing, Mr. Woods certainly showed a riiP siderable amount of enterprise in hiring Hall and entering into competition with tlifire'—oodo public patronage. It speaks well for Mr. T; coal' ability as a business manager for a theatriell'. Wel pany that he has been able to secure such aectea amount of success. It was hardly to be eXProse; that with such a large number of caterers of a, Day went, Parr Hall would be filled to overfloobtiaess nevertheless there was a large company to ti,B the initial performance by Mr. J. Gar Ii cellant company on Monday evening. of 13,1 Coquette '' is a new and original burlesque, 0' very entertaining kind, and there is WI t`erpre: moment from the comeaeneement of it& '1! oily tation Co the finish. Mr. Rex S'ugden is 091",er °it very capable acting manager but he is a sl,t.if ese", more than: ordinary ability and his efford. evening have been deservedly appreciet,etstiee,,V Gabriel Grabbe, Mr. Forsyth Bruce shows "tad 1", histrionic ability and this is especially Mar his delineation of the traits of a miser' sCePv a mos'; powerful and impressive f and the wonderful conception A(1,13,,1ge part is realistically pourtrayed. kils-leaslrtri Roza, in the title role acted with ia r,g piquancy and her vocalization, togetfed. Miss Flo Warner, was warmly applatlae„d 31" Warner was a sprightly Robin Adair, 11"ecessarie Gower, as Charlie Crowquille, infused the vivacity, which made him quite tbe asrevo cavalier. Miss Mabel Rex. as a barmaid vgs sitO°.„ ally successful. Mr George Hester to,,owe 1; Scrapps, the village constable, kept tbe "et. of e, roars of laughter. A characteristic kee.Pat rer registry office in Anne Teck had a cePtaod Way sentativs in Mr J W Groves. Mr Joe ne4arpshaell Clarence as Peter Pipeclay and Tommy 'ally' worked capitally together. Some ,r@oucer",,cl written songs and admirably arrangeol, pieces are heard in the course of the bururtiopaeio..4 the chorus contribute several bright and idsuci pieces. The Milstead Quartette of 1910rea0 c give a pleasing exhibition of the terpsicueceiced NEW Goons: W. T. WILLIAMS has just r xets f°s e Jae 7 , splendid new stock of Ladies and Chi•ldredroofs, Autumn wear. Also the newest in Watere a SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000928_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAILWAY TIME TABF.F.

SEPTEXIBER. FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 10, 1 25, 255 20, 5 35,6 25, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31, 1 19. a 3 22, al 0, a 5 6, a 6 0 e 7 9, a 9 25. Sunlays 936 2 5, 8 55. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. b 3 23, 7 10. 9,45 11 57 1 25, 25,5 20,6 22,7 20 11. 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15,4 5, I]. 35 dMaddays excepted. bllondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 14, 5 0 655.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529.5 45, 8 35, 956, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50,6 28, 850. Sundays 843. 60. Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56. 11 42, 252, 3 50, 4 50, 6 48, 7,17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 356 0. Bolton- 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43. 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 643 a.m..5 15. 838 p.m. Carlisle-5 29, 6 45. 956 11 50. 1225, 210, 450.9 55. Sun- aye 3 35.9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 11 31,12 24. 12 30 1 40,2 15, 2,20 3 16, 4 22,5 7,6 4,7 54, 8 5, 10 14,11 35 Sundays 8,44 10 36 7,451,3 Collins Green-75. 85. 8 35, 10 10,12 7,'2 43,3 40, 5 15, 6 58,7 8, 7 40, 925, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10, 8 28. 9 45, 11 57, 1 25. 2 5, 6 20. 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 258, 10 154 5.11 35.aMoudays excepted. bldondaye only. Daresbury-7 37, 95, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 8 5, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55, ,12 65, 3 14, 4 7 60. 6 C 5,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Barlestomn -5 45, 75. 85,8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 10,10 20, 10 55 11 55,12 7.12 25 1 15, 2 43,3 40 3 SQ, 5 15,5 20. 0 68,7 9 7 40, 925, 10 30 Sundays.? 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 60,7 57,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25. 9 45, 11 53,1 to a 20 515, 6 17, 80. 9 43. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 1225. 220. 3 15. 4 22,5 7. 6 4 754 85, 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. CiLarston (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57. 8 31.9 5. 10 512 0 15. 2 10, 4 0 529 75, 80. 8940. dlO 25. 11 39 Sun lays 9. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. 6Saturdays excepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 57 11 42.12 25.2 52,4 609 55 Sundays 954 Golborne-5 45, 7 5.8 35, 1055, 1.2 25, 1 15,3 50, 5 20 7 17 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. • Hough Green-7 12, 757, S3l, 95, a 9 30, 120, 15, 2_S 40, 529 6 0,7 5, 80. b 9 40, 925 alo 25. Sunday 9 0,9 36 11 25,239. 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 15 Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 7 18 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13. 7 8. a 7 4 5 9 27. Sundays 850. 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 51, 5 25. 75, 85, 8 35 9125,10 55,12 7,12 25,2,43 3 405 20. 6 68, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35. 6 10, 630, 8 35,8 43, 3 28, 5 10. 60. 954. From high Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 109 11 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 15,5 17,8 0, 9 14. Sendays 95. 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 16, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1026, 120, 113,26, 2 10, 3 R. 40. 5 40, 7 5. 8 0. 9 11,9 45, 10 20 11 20 11 39. Sundays 93, 9 55,11 22,2 60,2 39, 710, 828, 918 10 18,10 45 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. Longon kL. &N. W.)-2 538, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 45,10 20,11 42, 11,57, 20 5 0,6 15 622,11 34. ~..undays 2 58, 10 15,45, 11 35, 6Mondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46. 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a, 50. 6 55, 1152. Sundays 11 46 a.m., 515 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36, 1 14, 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613 78. a 7 45. 927 Sundays 8 50. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 10 4,10 55,i2 18.12 25,1 53, 2 39,2 43 3 32, 4 26. 5 32, 6 16,6 53,7 17, 8 8,9 20. 10 3). Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 6 0. 7 57From High Level Platform. Manchester (From hirpley Station)- 6 17? 22, 7 57, 832 90, 9 58, 10 49, 1 14. 2 26, 3 38, 4 11,6 13. 78, 9 27, 11 40, Sundays 8 50. 3 8. 8 12. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, 92'9 55 10 65 1123,11 55, 1255, 1 55,2 55. 3 55, 4 55,5 55. 6 65,7 10 755, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 55 9 25 9 35, 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 26. 2 558, 5 358,7 20.bSaturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m.

Newton-le-Wl[lows- 3 10. 5 45,7 5, 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 20_, if 40, 10 5512 25, 1 15, 3 32' 3 50, 4 26, 45C. 5 20. 6 53,7 17 920, 9 5.5, 10 30. Sundays 843 a m 3 35, 5 15, 6 0,7 57. 9 54a via Kenyon Padgate -7 0,7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23.12 0 1220, 1 40,3 55 5 28,7 10, 8 33, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 7 44, 5 15. 935 Preston-5 24. 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 42, 12 25, 252, 3 60 4 60, 6 48 7 17, 850. 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55. 3 20, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56. 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10, 2 58, 4 0,5 29, 6 0. 7 5, 8 0,9 25, a 9 40 blO 25. Sundayr 99, 11 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, cYloooays only. (C.L.0.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line--8 46 10 55 1 55, 3 14,5 0, 655. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, St Helens-5 32, 75. 85, 8 35. 1( .0, 10 55, 11 55, 12 7 12 25, 2 35 3 40, 5 20, 633, 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays 4 35,8 43.6 0.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 1 19 3 22,56, 6 0,7 16,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 15, 7 20,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, -4 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 713.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850. 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 9 5 105, 11 5, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 529, 60,75, 80. 9 25, ca 40, 610 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays 'ollly. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 320, 5 16,6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40. 80. Wigan- 5 29,5 45,7 5,3 33.9 56,10 55.11 50,12 25, 1 15, 2 10 3 4, 3 50,4 50.5 20. 628,7 17.8 50, 9 40, 9 55, Sundays, 8 43, 3 35, 60. 9 54.

TO WARRINGTON FROM.

/Luton Bridge-6 30. 7 40, 852, 10 57, 120, 3 35,4 45' 7 20 830 Surrisy 7 65. 4 42. Attest' and 11111house-11 28, 12 41, 7 38, 8 24 9 57 Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10 550 720 9 16. 12 25. 2 0 335 5 50,9 25. Sundays 310. 12 40. 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48. 125 2 55, 5 45, 6 50. 10 51 11 19, Sunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 Blackburn-8 30.10 35.12 30, 1 55, 330, 753 Sundays, 80, 22.5 40, 9 13. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 5, 9 55, 10 40. 11 40 1 40, 3 is, 5 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 12, Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.10 0,11 25, 1 27, 2 55,4 58, 6 50,8 15. Sundays 7 10. 115 5 0,8 25. • Bolton-5 45, 640 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 1025. 12 15. 2 15, 315 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only Carlisle-012 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 140, 1 53, 422, 5 55, 42,8undays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41.a3fort lays excepted. Chester-7 25,8 40. 9 40, 10 12, 10 50. 11 40. 1 55, 2 10, 0 3 50,6 10,5 15. 6 35, 7 35,810,8 50. Sundays 2 32,4 30,6 30.6 55 81. Collins Green-6 39. 79. 8 42. 10 24, 11 23. 12. 38 1 8 138,2 10. 3 10. 4. 1, 5 38. 623, 6 36. 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sunday 8 lta.m. 7 15.P.m. Crewe-4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30. 2 25. 250 450 545 6 40. 85, 90. Sundays 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10,9 21 Daresbul?-8 16, 10 17, 11 V. 2 47, 5 63. 8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 45 P.m. Derby-8 12. 935. 10 26,1 12, 3 5.4 0. 4 47, 75 85, 9 35, Sundays 3 35, 7 30,6 23. 6 55. a 35. aBxcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 20, 9 45, 10 26, 11 26 1242, 12 0,142.5 413. 3 14. 5 15, 5 52, 630 7 33, 88 9 20, 412 o,Sundeys 8 33.') 52.9 57.'.0 0. 3 45.7 24a Saturday only Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12. 95. 945. 12 3. 29, 327 54, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 3 2,2 57. 2. Frodsham-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 1111, 2 31, 4 11, 536,657,831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50, 10 40 10 48, 1.2 0, 12 56. 2 11. 3 2, 4 56. 57. 5 56, 6 57, I 24 9 1 Sundays 8 10,9 10. 2 40, 3 9,4 42, 651. 8 54. Gtlasgow -09 5, 1010. 20.2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 9 5. faMon day err cepted. txolborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 436 5 30. 7 15, 9, Sundays 9 40, 75. Mough Green-7 45, 815, 99,10 3, 1055. 1.9 1 30. 2.22 4 16, b 10, 521, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 15. Sundays 3 23, 9 20. 3,23 55,9 4, 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-? 35 9 53,5 5, 8 50, 11 20 Sundays 10 59. 6 53, 8 40. 10 0.1 Latchtord-8 1 , 840. 9 29,1Q2 11. 16, 1 20, al 45. 213 3 0, 4 22. 65 41. 6 7. 6 49, 7 49.9 6,9 42 11 27 Sundays 823 2 33, 7 23. aSaturdays nly. Haturdays excepted. F 'Liverpool (Ina Earlestowu)-a2 .55, 6 0,7 50, 80. 8 35,9 25, 11 0,11 50,1 5. 1 30, 4 29, 450, 35.7 5, 8 25, 11 156. Sunday 3. 0 7 30, 9 20, 6 30,8 40 allondays only. bsaturdays only. Via Widnes (1,. & 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 50, 12 30, 1 25 2 40,3 35 4 20, 5 20,6 5,8 33, 10 45, Sundays 735, 2 10, 7 15 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40,8 20. 8 30,8 43 930 9 36 10 30,10 45. 11 23, 11 50, 12 30, 1 30 1 55. 2 30. 3 40. 4 30,4 40 4 50 5 30,5 36,6 35,7 30,80. 8 40,9 30,10 45 Sunuys 7 60, 9 Q. 2 30.2 50 4 20 b 30 630, 8 33. London (L & N W)-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15 4 15, 5 30 120 Sundays 1. 0, 5 30, 12 0. London (6lidland)-5 15, 9 0, 10 5,12 10, 2 0 4.0, 5 0, 6 45, 815 12 0. Suncays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 8 32, 9 20. 9 64, 118, 111, a 137, 25, 251 4 14,65 36, 5 .9,6 41,7 41,8 689 33,11 19. Sundays 815,2 25 7 16, aSaturuays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 8 30, 9 5,9 40 10 45, 11 15, .12 45, 15. 1 35,2 25. 3 45. 4 20, 5 15, 60, 75, 7 10. 80. 9 20, 10 40, Sundays, 80, 8 30, 90,60, 10 40 Saturdays excepted. Manchester (London-road)-7 25.7 50.9 25. 10 35. 12 351 5e 2t 3 40, b 5 5. 5 20, 65,75, 8 20 8 55. 10 45 Sundays 730 40, 630 tri,aturdays excepted. aiaturdsys only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 33, a 9 5, 933 35, 10 50, 10 35,11 30,12 31,12 50 12 30,1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 948,5 30, 6 3u, 6 38, 730 BP, 0. 11 0. Sundays 4 30,9 10, 9 30. Li 40- °C. 2 0.2 6, 635 820, 9 40,0 Saturdays Middlewich-6 48, 2 47. 6 6. Moore-6 56,9 6. 11 9. 12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.Sun4ays.8 19,1 53 newten-6 55,7 25. 8 42, 9 8,2 29. 10 9,10 22,11 8, 12 33,12 46, 1 6 1 68, 3, 2,3 7, 4 7,4 51. 510, 5 35 5 49,6 27,7 30. 8 0, 9 15 8 55. 11 4.011 47, SukidaY4 83, 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20, 11 5 Saturdays only. Padgate 7 8. 7 48, 8 26, 90. 10 6 1 14. 2 5, 5 18 73, 9 10 P 1 32, .i.indays 8 53, 1116, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 5 50, 90. 9 30 .11 15. 11 23, 1 20, 3,4 20, 38,6 40. 8 30, 9 45. 10 49. SuntlayB;2 9,8 35, 30. 6 10, 10 47 'Mondays excepted. Runcorn 839. 919 10 15, 12 30, 1 25. 32,440 5 41 6 23 810 9 53, Sankey-6 53. 7 66, 8 51, 9 37, 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 140 24, 343 4 35, 621, 638,6 12, 7 26, 8 6 3 52. Sundays, 83/ ,k 0 8, 3 40, 5 7, 928. Midfield-8 25, 11 5, 1 55, 55,7 0, 8 20. Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. St. metope-6 20.6 55, 80, 8 23, 9 15,10 5, 10 Si. 12 512 55 65,2 65, 430, 5 25,6 10. 6 55, 7 25. 350 1030. Sundays 60, 9 35,6 55, 9 5. Southport-8 5, 10 10,11 13,12 25,2 10, 2 45, 3 55, 70, 8 5 be 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. Tlietwall-8 10, 836, P3O. 956, 11 12, 113, 1 41, 2 9 2 55 4 18, 5 37, 6 3 645, 7 45,9 2, 9 37, 1123. Sundays, 8 19,2 29 7 19. , Widnes (Cheshire Line)-8 29. 9 25, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25 J., 25. 2 30 3 all, 4 25, 529, 612, 716 7 53, 9 22a 11 40, aSun- "Vs 8 42 3, 33, 5 0, 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays only. Widnes (L & N W)- 7 5 8 56, 933, 1033, 11 55, 12 57, 2 2 23. 358, 455. 5 55. 646,96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 260 • 54, 11 2. 2 liVigan-' 239,6 33, 8 15, 926. 9 56. 10 0,11 23, 12 15, 1 60 ' 30 27.4 25, 4 66, 5 ?0, 6 5, 7 5, 9 0,10 30, Sundays 2399 43 225 653, 11 a.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR A.DVERTISENIENT in the " Examiner ' places it before those whom you want to reach. goes direct to the Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you better known among them, at a very small oust.

JOHN WALKEIZ AND CO. "EXAMINER " OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 "

===== 0002601_19000928_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
4.33 p.m.

Suß-OrFicza - *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 r .m. 6.40 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are 7elegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. _ __

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

WALL BOXLS— , Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Hae.ecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street. Lowton Oh-Inel Lowton Commou (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, A.shton. Vulcan Village ... 13urtonwoori

8 a.m. and 4-30 P.m.

5. 10 a.m.. 12 noon. 2 & 7 pm. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.33 a m. and_6 p.m. 6 p.m.

NIL Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m.

(Providence Place)l 1 arcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle;- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters .

===== 0002601_19000928_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frocisham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorksbire, Durham, Northum- beeand, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, 'Southport Prescot. Wigan, Orme- kirk & London, Foreigsk, and the South Aidland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire. New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester . Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter. Wales. and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, Midl..nd, Northern, itlastern Countke, & Lancashire I Croft, Padgate, W piston, Stockton Heath and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S-, East ,rn Counties

I- To I By I Callers. I Postmen. , 7-oa.m.

7-0 a.m.

1.3-30 10-45 .. 1.11,30 .. t 11-45

11-30 a.m.

} 12-0

12-15 p.-ri .

2-15 1 3-15 ~

5-30 p.m.

3-15 a.m.

6-5 a.m.

}4

===== 0002601_19000928_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 Extra lid. Stamp

===== 0002601_19000928_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 aml

===== 0002601_19000928_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
wIDNES:iFIRST TEAM. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1900. Pt.. Stpt. For Agat 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow home 10 2 22 Swinton away 29 Leigh home Oct. 6 Salford away 13 Runcorn home 27 Rochdale Hornets . away Nov. 10 Broughton Rangers borne 17 Oliham 24 Stockport home Dec. 1 Warrington away 15 Swinron home 22 Millon away 29 St. Helens home 1901. Jan. 5 Oldham home 12 Broughton Rangers away 19 Barrow away 26 Millom home Feb. 2 Leigh 9 St. Helens away 16 IL.chdale Hornets home 23 Salford home Mar. 16 Stockport April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan home

===== 0002601_19000928_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ET, HELENS FIRST TEAM.

FIXTURIIS AND SCORHS.

19r. Pte. Sept. For. Aget. 1 Broughton It home 5 3 8 Rochdale H. home 10 3 15 Warrington 22 Runcorn home 29 Wigan home Oct. 6 Stockport home 13 Oldham 27 Millom • ...home Nov. 10 Wigan away 17 Salford home 24 Warrington home Dec. 1 Stockport away 15 Oldham home 22 Brota4hton R away 26 Leigh away 29 Widnes away 19j1. Jan. 5 Barrow away 12 Leigh home 19 Swinton home 26 Rochdale H. away • Feb. 2 Salford away 9 Widnes 16 Runcorn away 23 Mlllom ..away Mar. 16 Swinton away April. 6 Barrow home

Warrington Markets.

At the Warrington—Corn Market on Wednesday, new wheat fetched 33 81 to 31 10 (701 b to nthe bushel); new oats, 2s 41; old oats, 2s lid; flour (best seconds) per 2401 b., 2.1 s ; bran, lid per 201 b. àt the Provision Market prices were as follows : Fresh butter, is 31 and is 41 Der lb; cheese, 61, 7d and 8d per lb ; fresh eggs, 8 and 9 for is; fowls, 4s to 5s 61 pr couple ; English beef, 6id to 10d, mutton 7d to 101 ; lamb, 01 to lid ; veal, 7d to 10d; pork, 6d to Bid.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Drowned in the Mersey.

IMr S Brighouse conducted an inquiry in the Parade Room at the Police Station on Saturday morning relative to the death of Thomas Frederick William Ue.her, who was picked out of the Mersey on the Thursday previous.— Ellen Usher, widow of Thomas Usher, printer, stated that the deceased was her sou and was 33 years of age. He was a forge labourer and lived at 33, Dakin'e-yard. During the last few months he had been in very poor health and in consequence seemed very low spirited. She had never hoard him threaten to take away his life. Detective Meacock stated that on Saturday last at ten minutes to eleven, he was going over Warrington Bridge when he spoke to the deceased. Thomas Lawson, waterman, residing at 17, Mil- street deposed that he was following his employ- ment at Arpley when he saw the body of the deceased floating in the river. He obtained a boat and secured the body which was afterwards removed to the Seven Stars Inn. Detective Barlow said he examined the body but found no marks of violence. He had no property upon him.—The jury returned a verdict of Found Drowned " and the Coroner informed the deceased's mother that there was no evidence to show that the deceased might have taken away his life. lie might have:got into the water accidentally.

BAND OF HOPE RALLY.

Thursday Night's Meeting in the

Parr Hall.

There was only a meagre attendance at the Parr Hall, last Thursday evening,when a grand united rally in con nec:ion with the Warrington and District Band of Hope Union was held. The chair was occupied by Mr. R. A. Naylor. who was accompanied by Miss Naylor and amongst those present on the platform were the .11, vs. R CatteralL (Rector of Crum ,sail) J Yonge and T Bishop, Councillor L Ellison and Messrs W B Suttle (Levens- hulme), C Pigot, F A Jenkins, J Skehand and others. Letters of apology for non-attendance were received from Councillor John Crosfie!cl, Mr R Garnett, Mr Z Armitage, Dr Reginald Smith, Mr J W Hayward, Mr William Owen, Mr Henry '[hornton,MrJ R Youne,Mr T Birchen, Mr T S Steele, Revs James Davies, F EPowell, and E T Reed, and Mr E Lloyd Jones. The CHAIRMAN said the atteniance was very dis- couraging. He thonght that was the smallee, gathering I he had ever noticed at one of the rallies in connection , with the Band of Hope Union. There might he circurn stances, which to some extent, would account for the Isparseness of the assembly, but neveitheless they could not help expressing a little disappointmeet that ' at present instead of the audiences growing larger as time went on, they had gone very much smaller. However, they had two good speakers there that night, who bad been interested in the work for a great number of 3 ear?, and had been working right heartily not only in the district in which they rsilc.'o, but they had gone up and down the country to make known the glad tidings of that work of temperance. His time had been so fully occupied lately that he had been wondering what he could " knock-off " and he had ; decided to ." ktock-cff " politics. There was more. shadow than substance about them (Laughter.) One good thing was that the Election would soon be over, and there would bl so many tens of thousands of lies less, so that was something to be thankful for. (Laugh- ter.) He thought the work which be could extract the greatest amount of good from and which requited the most assistance was the cause of temperance. So far as he was concerned.politics might go to Jericho. There was a lot of humbug about political parties. When they got a party that would go in for temperance and national righteousness and for a high form of patriotism he would go in for party politics again. Unfortunately temperance people had no party to support them. It might be that sometimes they shou'd get some sturdy fellows coming forward in tete cause of temperance and they would rally round them and endeavour to elevate them to the position of member of Parliament There was more need for temperance than ever there was. Last year we spent £160,000,000 in drink. Un- fortunately drunkenness was increasing in some directions.especially amongst women and he was afraid they had to thank Legislation for that. Through an Act of Parliament passed with very good intentions and mistaken idea many a poor woman had gone down to her grave in disgrace and many a home had been darkened and the lives of little children blighted- The field was white already for the harvest but the labourers were few. (Applause.) The Band of Hope Union Choir, under the able con- ductorship of Mr. Walter Brough then gave a capital rendering of Mendelssolin'a part sang •" the open air," Mr. L. Breugh presiding at the organ. _

Mr. W. B.—Stirree then delivered an address. He said he did not think they should be despondent about the meeting. It was av ry good meeting, but the room was rather too large. (Laughter.) They must not be discouraged but they must buckle tighter the armour, when it was getting a little lore,e, and figh on brave:y for the work which God had given them to do. One of the most terrible foes they bad to meet with was indifference. The indifference in society about the question was more appalling than the oppori- don they had to fight against. 'the speaker went on to make an earnest appeal on behalf of the children. They should not be allowed to tamper with stroog drink but should be trained to do without it. Wite regard o the Children's Bill he thought it would be a grand thing if they could protect their children by the law, and not allow them to be served with drink under the age of 16 years. They were told that this would be interfering with the rights of parents, but bad they not interfered already ? Was there not an act passed forbidding little children to be employed in mines ? Toe Band of Hope Union gave them strength to work for temperance principles and he urged them to get all the good out of the Union that they could as unity was strength. He hoped that meeting would be an impetus to the Band of Hope Workers in Warring,.on and that next time they asked Mr Naylor to take the chair the hall would be packed to the doors. (Applause.) The Rev. R CATTERALL observed that the temperance movement had passed the eteges of opposition and toleration and was now a mighty force for good. In some directions, however, it very popularity bad bred indifferentism. Such a meeting as that was in- tended to rowel earnest hearts in Warrington and to make temperance workers more enthusiastic te- wards the movement. They desired the tem- perance movement to be more identified than ever with churches and chapels. The more they were identified with the work of Christian Associations, the more completely would they accomplish reform. He must confess that having regard to the fact that the Band of Hope movement was a national OOP, and was for the children who were the life of the future Ration, he expected that all the churches and chapels would have been represented at that meet- ing. Be was certain they could not help their church or chapel better or help the cause of the Lord Jesus Christ better than by making the whole question of this reform an object of their most earnest prayers morning noon and night. They most educate more. If they did not educate. educate, educate, they would never accomplished anything. Toe three great questions which faced them were the reclametirn of the intemper- ate, the preventien of intemperance and the promotion of legislation. During the evening the choir creditably rendered a • number of hymns and choruses, and the proceedings , closed with the singing of the " Temperance National Anthem."

Ohmy's Circus,—A Realistic "Scene Act." The verdict of all who have visited the circus this week is that the entertainment continues to be much above the average. A capital programme is sustained by a first class company, which is beaded by the Brothers Da Courcev, who have recently been appearing at the London Hippodrome. They are most versatile acrobats and go through some wonderful feats of strength. The Estrellas in their clever gymnastic act are exceedingly popular, and Miss Swallow gives a dashing display on horseback. Mr. Yelding. in his "scene act" is very successful. Dressed as a soldier he rides round the ring fighting against an imagin- ary enemy and is eventually mortally wounded. So realistically was this perlormance carried out on Monday evening, that a soldier in the audi- ence who has just been invalided home from the front, was overcome and fainted. It appears that he received a bullet wound in the leg at Paardeberg, and also took part in the engagement at Omdurman. Mr Anderson performs evolutions on horseback with great agility, and Irvin's foot- balancing is remarkably clever. By means of Edison's warograph some of the most graphic and up-tc-date animated pictures from the fr3nt are exhibited, the entertainment winding up with a fight between Kruger and John Bull. Whimsical Walker with, his " deo of performing lions" creates endless mirth, and other attractive items constitute an excellent programme.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2 190 G

===== 0002601_19000928_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR EFFECTIVE POSTERS, HANDBILLS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, Szc.

GO TO

BEWt;EY

TREET, WARRINGTON.

PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN,

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, ORDER BOOKS,

TOTRADESMEN,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES PROGRAMMES PROGRAMMES

FOE FOR FOR

SOIREES. CONCERTS. FETES, &c.

J. WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19000928_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T.l / - •

44410#

===== 0002601_19000928_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7.0

===== 0002601_19000928_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
.4.01.04:1:4)"...."4".••••••44.40•44e**- • • * * * * 4, • 40 .4.44

===== 0002601_19000928_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
•04,•4.00•0•••• • • • • 1. 0 • • • 0 • •

WORE-4 A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
'''..*l "'S •1'',1,. ~!t.,'*1:4:1, ';.i.:t*r,: , .41111P.' ."- . `'...,. . .:::'' . • '1.:i7.. :;.. •s; . fAt. '..4:iiit. c:_. v • A,--,,5:;;4' -• ' ,sle,, .f.,,,,,• f.t•lt.ii.t...: "• , 1. . . ' .A. MI, .:::‘ .f,:;:4,,,, ...- , • 4.- . ..... . 4. ..--+ '-'...4.4014F

rOR ALL

BILIOUS 81 NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache. Genstimatian

Weak Stomaoh9 impaired Digestegil

Disordered Liver & Female Ailment).

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in bores, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
ut-615-15-611/ftirciMSTM Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain. like, a e' strong cup of SYMINGT'S Edinburgh Coffee EsE3nce. In bottles from all Grocers. 82

===== 0002601_19000928_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FIV.NCIEI JUiMDY

THERA. PION • This successful and highly popular r.rnedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Hicord llc.stui,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto einpi,yed for impurity of the blood. spots, lotches, pains anti swell- Inge of the joints, kidney, t•lsdder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, pies, gr .vel. pains in the back, rhen- matism, gout, exhaustnm,s4aeplessuess,nervous and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three diffr±rent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseAs,s for which intended. Full p .rtionlars send stamped adcressed envelope for phamphlet to

MB. B. JOHNSON, 43. HOLFORD-SQUARE I.°?mom, W,O

JHJ vs ANT or THE DAY. MAKES STAIICHED

G REAT EST f. BOON ever of- ' red to the Laundress *.• lnlpArtfug an Ivory oish • to Starched. Lfteel, etc. & estiot 6tick to bp!der-. - like rn4l.-erials. "nee tried it: way s • arted. Used in the oy I Laundrie

e rery honee.Sold by most by Staro.Simt:ild I* need in Pfl4ls In Pfr,k. els, at 3,1.. And 6d. Prpturs.i n•dr fr p- epr-ITT.F x) ti .,i)r

'OR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE

CLARK'S WORLD-FAMED

BLOOD fillll.l.

THOUSANDS 00 TOSTIMONIALS

'. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke s Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated. for it cleansw and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a geoi te,L,iaiontai from the Family Doctor, whi::l2 goes on furtlra* to say: It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have breught to ‘lght,and we can with the utmost contide:ic.c recommend it o our subscribers and the public eenerailv,"

Warranted to cleanse the blood from ail impurities, from vhatever reuse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin mid Bloor Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of au i kinds, its elTects are mary Alone. It is the only real specific for Gout and Itheuma iC Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and Donee. Thousands of 1' istimonisls. In bottles Es. 9,1. and lle. each of all Ch.,,mist. Sent for 33 or 132 stampf. by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AD 'OMAN' i) COUNTIE3 OHM*, COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware at worthlssa irnte,!oas.

lik ...,,,,,,,,,.• ~. .-,-,..,-,:.: . ~,,.; r,,,,,m,...1iat.A.;,. i

===== 0002601_19000928_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4.4'44 4_4

===== 0002601_19000928_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f: , 4

===== 0002601_19000928_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' 7. • • '

===== 0002601_19000928_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-.#4. _

===== 0002601_19000928_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
. . - _ _ _ . •._ - -

GENERAL ELECTION.

Meeting of Sir J. Brunner's Supporters at Runcorn.

Enthusiastic Gathering at the

Liberal Club.

Address by Sir J. T. Brunner:

- - On Wednesday evoniog, Mr. S imu-4 Taylor, J.P. , pre- sided over a meeting of the supporters of Sir John Brnaner held at the Liberal Club. Toe chief business of the meeting was the passing of a resolutioa approving of Sir John's candidature. Mr. S. Taylor, who on riinz was received very cor- dially, said ne was very pleased to see so good an atten- dance present. It vies five years since they had met together for a similar purpose. Sir John Brunaer had come to give them an account of his conduct for the last five years. He thought, however, as far as that went there was scarcely any need for they would know all about that from what they had heerd and from what they had read. He was sure that Sir John had acquitted himself to the satie- faction of 'every Liberal in Runcorn. (Applauee), Be (the speaker) knew what Sir Jahn Brunner had done from time to time, but he would reserve it for a future occasion. Hitherto it had been the custom to call a meeting for the whole division at Northwich, but this election, as all present were aware, had been sprung upon them so suddenly, and the Northwich election he found was filed a fortnight on Saturday, and on that account a different course had been adopted. Sir John had already spoken at Northwich and at Winsford and on the present occasion he was going to speak to them —(applause).—and as his train went at &treat half-past nine he would call upon him without saying vary much more. Sir John Brunner was presenting himself to them for their acceptance—(applause) —well really it had never occurred to him to mention the subject. (Laughter.) Indeed, it was the last thing he bad in hi; mind, for he felt that Sir John Brunner was the only persoa with the right to represent them—(loud applause).—and he could not believe it fin- less he experienced it,that there was five per cent. of the working people of Runcorn who would de otherwise than support him. (Loud applaus Sir John Brunner, who was warmly receivei, said the tactics of his opponents at this election were characteris- tically Tory. (Hear, heir.) It was impossible for any man to beat him in that constituency on political lines. (Applause.) The whole of Eegland knew that the North- wice Division was Liberal, and all in Nerthwlch Divi- sion knew Runcorn to be as soundly Radical as any per: of her Majesty's dominions, (eppleuse ) In consequence of that knowledge on the part of his opponents, thee were trying to beat him by throwing dirt. Wear. hear.) They had revived again that oil lie that Brunner, Meal and Co., would not take on men over 30 years of age, and he ask el them (his hearers) to stand up for the character oi their old friend and deny that story, and meet any man who told them that story with the strongest argsments thot they knew hew to apply to it. Re desired at their hands a geode character. (Applause) Toe story was not true Taer was hardly a week in the year from the first danu ar y to the 31st of DecemLer, for years past that Brunner Mond and Co, had not take a on men over 30 years of age. And what was more they had about the steadiest set of men in their employ that there was fro.n one cad of the country to the other. They stayed with the firm until their hair grew gray; they stood by them until they were able te work no longer, and whenever a man left their works to live in retirement,if he wore in neces- sitous circumstances they gave him an old age pension to the day of his death. (Applansee Let the repre len- tative of the Ship Canal tel them the same store. (Laughter and applause). Here was their Chairman so thoroughly in sympathy with him (Sir John), that he took it absolutely for granted that they wished him to return to the House of Commons. (Applause ) Mr. Taylor, had given up a holiday, to fight this election. Mr Edward El Mess, president of the Liberal Association, had postponed his holiday until after the election. Mr Henry Brant, chairman of the Northwich district had done the same. This was the spirit he liked to see and that was the conduct he hoped to see imitated from one end of the division to the other. He was told that there was a geanernee in the room who reported there was a story going about in a works in the Runnorn neighbourhood to the eff,ct that when be was giving £5O a week for the poor people et Runcorn during the coal strike, Brunner Mond awl Co., took 15 percent. off their workmen's wages. (" Sh ame.") C+3,l forgive the man who made light of a pure act of charity. ' Let him tell them that the men at Winnington worked eight hour qhifts—l2 hours hard work a day was too much. (Hear, hear.) When the firm started these eight boar shifts the men were given the same wages as they formerly had for twelve hoots, less ten par cent. That vedeetien wee elnletlY heeic eg. At the of twelve nnoths it 41 1.11 fouria th, the Med hal 'Worked ee well under the new system of eight hours that their wages were put back to the old ret o and they had since received for eight hours work the same wages they had received for twelve hours work. (Applause:) This was the only reduction that had taken place in &Inner Mood's work since it had started. (Applause.) It wes a herd thing thet an honest man standing before his old neighbours to solicit from them the honour of representing them in Parliament should be debarred from the discueeion of the noblest political questions and be obliged to desceed to denying such in- famous lying and dirt throwing as this. (Hear, hear). Voice! It has always been the case. Tney have no other policy. (Laughter) ] He asked them indignantly to resist this sort of thing. (Applause.) There was another accusation that he was a pre-Boor. (Laughter.) He was not a prl-Beer but he was decidedly anti-Tory. (Applause.) New Peo was the L Itin for for, and anti was the Latin far against. When they wanted to throw dirt at him his opponents wrapped up in a little bit of clean Latin in much the seine way as a person would pick up anything objectionable with a piece of paper. (A.pplause.) Well he would re- peat he was not a Pro-Boer, but he was decid- edly antl-Tory—( pplause)—and it was because he was anti-Tory, and so decidedly opposed ta them that he was being opposed. He was the only old member for the County of Cneshire that weir 'acing op eosed, and it was only because he was such a strone politician with such strong Liberal views that he was being opposed at all. (Hear. hoar.) lied he was oppeeed in that dirty fashion because they knew that clean methods would not avail. (Loud applause.) He bop d they would make sure and pronounce that when clean methods would not do, dirty ones should not be allowed. (Renewed applause.) Pro-Beer meant for the Beers. If he was for the Beers. he was Against England, against Englishmen, against the people whom he had been taught to love from the day he drew his first breath. Could they believe it? To say he was a Pro-Beer and against his fellow-countrymen was only another foul acces ition (loud applause). It was hi s capacity of an Ant-Tory his opponents objected to. He had been an advanced Radical all his life long—(applause)—and it was as such he appealed to them for the honour of serving them in the House of Commons. (Applause.) Mr. Taylor was seated by his side, and Mr. Taylor recommended his acceptance to them. (Hear. hear.) Was Mr. Taylor a Pro-Beer. (No.) No! Mr. Tayloreoe remembered well, gave a jolly send-off supper to the Volun- teers who left Rencorn for the front. (Loud applause). Would Mr. Taylor be seated there if he was a Pre-Boer. It was only a few days ago since Captain Lembton returned from serving in Her Majesty's forces in South Africa, and he de- livered a speech. He said "I have just come back from fienting the Boers. but because I am a Liberal I will be called a Pro-Boer." (Laughter.) But he was no more a Pro-Boer than he (Sir John) ;iris himself. Captain Lainbton had said that the Geyer,- rnent were endeavouring to make this a khaki election, but the Captain aided " I: was not a goo I colour for the job ! f or it bleached in the der - light, and it showed up very strong on a dark back- around." (Hear, hear and applause.) "And gentlemen having been there I am in a position to show vuu how very black that back-ground is." (epplause ) He would have something to say shortly in furtherance of that. He had in that room criticised with the greatest freedom, on previous occasions, what to k peace before the war ; and he was ready to repeat those criticisms wad endorse all that had been sail upon them. He was ready to de so, for it was part of his Anti-Toryism, to criticise a Tory G reernment. (Applause.) Be hated the nature that gays one a smooth coleus and pers, and at a garden party a few days afterwards would insult tbenaen with whom he wee in frieecry negotiations with. (Flearesear.) It was a berious methreend he askee them if they were representine this country, if teey were one of the Statesmen near, to Her Majesty's person would they be entitled to liken the Czar of Russia to the devil. Mr Cha nberlain had done so, aid hel referred to his dealings with hen es n supping *vitt a big ano" Tracy a knew what that meant The amestatesmas too had toil the Penne) " they must mend their menners, or woe would befall them." Cu another occasion he tele Kruger that ths "sands were runrene nut" and spike of him as " a squrezed sponge." Did they ever know of a Conserve:lee Seatesinsn or a Liberal Statesman of the pig.; or present, who used language so uedignified or so vialean es that he had descrihed. (Hear. hear.) Be ask -d them to stand up for the honour of tl e country, to stead no for that ancient honour which had ever given it a hegh piece in diplomatic circles. (Loud applause.) There was again the fact that they were to have the election in the month of October. TO -t meant an election four weeks before the new reeieter canoe into force in Seotlann. and three months before it came into force in England. Wales and Ireland, and that meant that in the month r f October they would have the smallest number of people in the kingdom ab*e to exercise their votes. Looking beet; it was a long time. in the bad times when Tories ruled—(larie )—thet there was an election in hter the Atitilaill fought on an old register, and he took it

that it was a most uncenstitutionel sten. It had been reckoned that one in five out of the 6,003,030 of voters in the kingdom, would on tais occasion tee unable to recore their votes. The proportion worked out to 1,200,000 of her Majesty'e subjeets who would be deprived of the franchise. Ha aske I them to consider that, in the face of the f act that hr Majesty's armies had gone and embarked on the heath African War se as to obtain the franchise for but a tenth part of Her Majesty'e subjects who lived in the Transvaal. It was a shame and a mockery. (Cries of "It is !") Be sail the Geeerarnent should have waited uatil January, when Her Majesty's soldiers would be back again, and had their stories to tell. (Apelause.)lndeed for his part he keew of no set of men who were more entitled to be present at this election than Fier Majesty's Akers. (Renewed applause.) They had had a challenge through Mr Chamberlain to declare their opinions and aaswer the question as to whether the war was just or n t,and whether it was inevitable,and Mr Chamberlain went on to say" that the oppeaents of the Government have provoked them int a war for weic'n they had made no prepare' ions." Well he (Sir Joho) knew no Liberals Won had proeoked the G overament to war.aud his opinion w ts that the Government itself never exp=c-,eil to go to war. Teat the war was net inevit- able, Al 7. B efo or himself said in January last. Trill the spa titer showed was the mere transparent as things developed, for if the G overnment considered that wee was inevitable they woild have prepared for it. The:, could be no better proof. The Government did not prepare for war, therefore, they did not expect it. (Applause). That was his answer t 3 Mr. Chamberlain! He hoped it would be,their's(continued applause.) Was the war unjust? He had never said that the war wos unjust. The Boere attacked us, and we were bound to fight it out. Those were his answers to Mr. Chamber- lain. (Hear, hear.) He would now discuss the conduct of the Government before the war as he promised to do. Be had dealt with Mr. Ceamber!ain's method of negotiations last time whoa spe sk:ng in that room and everythiee he had /said; he :again wished to heartily endorse. fie detested the "new diplomacy." (Appliance.) About the three years that preceded the war. They knew new. but the Government knew it then, that the Boers were arming to the teeth, and they were spene- ine thousands of pounds in the best artillery that money could buy until their arsenals were crammed with it. England was the suzerainty state, and no man in his senses would have thou4ht, that this armament was to be used against anybody but ourselves. (Hear, hear.) Still the Government never protested (sh acne). But he sail enapeaticaly it was their beunden duty not only to pro- test but to stop it with tbe strongest hand. (Hear, hear,) They had every right to do it, or was this country so weak as to have to cringe to the B ier, N)! If they had had the pluck of a mouse they would have stopped that arming of the Beers. (Hear, hear.) Weil what had b,el the ceeseq lenC,l4 of the laxity of the Government If they read Captain Hedworth Lambton's letter there they would find that our soldiers had been sent out with " ridiculous toys" and had to face the most effective artillery to be bought in the world. (shame). Sir John dealt then with the" porn none" scandal and showed how General Joubert in 1891 pur- chased 8" Dom rooms," and hw the gun had been re- fused by British expees as inefficient. Then again General Joueert htd in 1393-7 Purchased 40 batteries of those terrible eues, all of wnich hat been used against them. Governments might Come and Governments might go ! Liberals succeed Censervatives and cross- bred ones like the last one succeed thein—laughter)—hat the War Office remained ! the War Office while had fused that gun which was SO very much better than th own. Too war had been prolonged ta a terrible exteet. It had cest millions upen millions, ales ost countless millions of their honest hard worked for a irnines; it had cost a fearful nu nber of lives and it had broueht sorrow and misery int) thousands of homes throe:shout the kingdom. He asks] th.,3:11 to ask who was it that wig the friend of the Boers and whe cursed all that suffering (Fleer,neer.) When the war broke nu; the tetra! Colonies had offered us troops and keowine the nature of the Boers better than the Goeernment knew, they off sred mounted men. To that offer the Government had replied curtly" unmounted men preferred." That was the action of the great and wise and learned War Office. (Laughter.) Tree head of thWer Offiee was a member of the Cabinet, and they as a Constitutional Nation held the Cabinet responsible, and the Govern- ment responsibe for the fact that the Army Wag with- out guns, and without cavalry. (Hear, hear) The un- exampled delay in sec uring those things had brought about the reverses and hardened the hardships. or the soldiers in Soath Africi. (Hear. hear.) Woo was the friend of the Boers he should like to Iceow ? Why the man who refused to stop them arming. (Applause.) He cried shame on the Govern- ment for their laxity and lack of foresight. (ffesr,hear.) Continuing Sir John said he was present to tell them he was prepared to go back to Westminster on the first of November to represent them. (Cheers and applause). (A voice : you will go b..ck—(renewed appl au ie). He Was there also to answer any questions they might put to him. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion he would endeavour, to rehears' the last senteacee in his electi ott addrese_ I He hoped to devote the last remaining working years of his life in their service, but if any voter in the con- stitueace believed the': tilt opponent we or had been a better friend to Cheshire than he ha i been, or if they thought he would b 3 a better friend in the future ; if that was their conviction, why let them hack it up at the polling beoths. (Hear, bee-, and loud applause.) The Chairman added they had heard a gr :at deal of the 30 years ques-ion. Be had no ides that the q i3;tien would be resuscitated after they had dealt with it so thor-menly five years ago. Si • Jahn had at th at time answered the question for them in a way that no reason- able man could misunderstand. I; Was most ratisfac- tory, but here it had all bean trotted out again. (Laugh- ter.)Be thought really thee every-reeves mu.t be eery hard up. (Applause.) As far as the q lestien of Pre- Bo 'r was concerned, no (eir Tay'or) we Ile not have been present if Sir Jehn was a Pro-B ser, but he knew that Sir John was not a Pro-Beer. Tney all knew his opinions on the war— (hear, hear)—aa I he nersnaelly knew Sr John's, and he het the if he could stand there satisfied, with the additi on of what he hat fi,ar.l Nom Sir J ;hi himself that night, he could not hele think ng that now those two things were dispeeel of the Teri -a' would b 3 at a Los; as to what to trot out flex-. (Applause). Mr. J. R. Frith said he felt it a great hereon: to be called upon to perform the duty he was about to do; that was for the tif h time to props' the resolution had in his hand. Tne first time he had performed the duty he did so quite accidentally. Bet on every sates - spent ()tension he had done so by request. Toe (yes, time he dii not propose the resolution was when Sir John lost his seat. (Leughtee.) He hoped then from the very fact that he had that resolution in his hand that it was a happy augury that the 13th of November would see Sir John Stanger on-re again returned to Parliament. (Applause.) The Resolution was as follows :—" Vat teis meeting grate- fully thanks Sir John Tomlalion B mnaer for his unwearied services in Parliament as member for North- wich Division; heartily approves of his candidature at this election, and all present hereby pledge themselves, by every legitimate means to work to secure his triumphant re-election." (Loud applause). Mr Frith then spoke of the value of Sir J T Brunner's services to the County of Ceeshire as Well as te the kireedern generally, and paid a high compliment to his excellent Parliamentary career. He also referred to hit geleresity to the County and to his work as a brilliant educ ationalist. Mr AR N omen who seconded the resolatien with pleasure. waraed them all that the question at issue gag not one of pro-Beer. That was simply a red herring which was being drawn across the (epolause.) He had given them his idea, and they knew his opinion about the war, and he believed that the ;Transvaal Government as existing before the war aas able as rotten a concern as it was possible to imegioe. (Applause.) But he was like Sir J otin. Be did not like tae men who made them so. (Bear, hear.) Be was a Libertl—(hear, hear)--and he was not going to allow Mr Joey Chamberlain to fount before him the khaki business. Be had the greatest disgust fur the Government. One of the most distinguished of war correspondents. Mr Bennett Burleieh, had told them emphatically that there was no reason why tne war should not have been concluded six months earlier. It was most unfair for their opponents to single out men like Dr Clarke and Mr Lab suchen arid call them the Liberal party. (Applause.) Mr Norman pointed to such men as Lord Resebery, Sir William Harcourt, Lord Durham, Mr Asquith, Mr John Morley, Mr Campbell-Bannerman, Sir Henry Fowler, and Mr Andrew Clarke, as men representative of the Liberal Party and as some of the men wire could be called upon to form a cabinet if required. They were the types of Liberal that the whole should be jedeed from. (Applause). He referred to the feet that Lienel Holland the tl lest son of Lord Kaatsford, had seceded from his old father's Conservatism. and there was Lord Durham up in the North. (Applause.) Those were the ihdiciri iris as to whether there was a Liberal Party or not. (Hear, hear). Referring to the i 5311.9 of the elec- tion. Norman stated the Government were afreed to wait until the beginning of the next year when the bacons tix would be raised from 83 to is and se ne;of the solders escureed home, and the country really b3qari to 61.0 its true positi in, for thee knew that there hung the tru,, issue of the election. ((applause). Mr I Bellamy a opported the resoluri m as also did Councillor T D.'an. who endorse d es/pry/lila that the previous speakers had sad and urged teat at ieist Sir J nett'e past gnr7lefig ought ti command respect. (Hear. hear). El chad no doubt aa to the issu aof the election in the N irthwice Di visiee. It would b 3 an increased maj srity. (Applause.) An)- how though a trifl apathetic at first they would find that the Liberels would always be ready to sbo a. fight. (Hear, hear.) Tee Chairman put the resolution which was carried with thunderous appiaese. Sir John Brunner, who was deeply affacted, said he had asked for that kindness not only as a matter of duty to the ceuetry, and in defence of the principles they all bele so dear, but be asked them te protecr nis character as they would protect the character of a dearly beloved brother or father. (Applause) He asked permission to add a few words to what

===== 0002601_19000928_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINERI FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.

he had said at first, for he found that in I the agitation which had been produced in him i by having to deal with those dirty questions he ha i forgett.en one or two things he wished te refer to. He had two nephews out on service at the front, and his heart yearned to them when they went,and he hoped to Cred they would come safe back again. (riser, hear.) He had not dealt with any general pdittcat q les7iens, hut hoped to have the opportunity of doing so later on, and a deal of what he hid said to them would naturally have to be repeated in other parts of the Division. R da- tive to the Workmen's Compensation Act, howevar,they all knew how ridiculously inadequate it was. Mr Cnam- berlain had mainly been responsible hr its drawing up, and though Mr Cnacaberlain had promised an Act exteediag to all accidents to all werki neop e, was well known that nearly 7,003,000 on; of the 13,000,000 of working people in the Kingd en were exclu- ded from participating in the benefits of the Act. and it was very far from being true that all ac:id eats ware paid for. (Hear, hear.) They k-ae4 t oat JUElef.'S threughout the land said that the Att wa , s cemplcit- edly drawn up that there was extreme dill.: ilty in understanding it. Lewyere thernselv .s we unable to understand it. Still the Act as he ta ,1 iv as m ainly drawn up by Mr. Chamberlain. (0 h—lt was so ridiculous that if a working men on a bet ;ing fell from a height of 23 feet and injured hine,e:f he n n 0.; be entitled to comeensation. But Oa as if he fell 33 feet he was. (Laughter.) Again, if a worsen is iiij iced on a sh,p in dock, he ge's notlfne, but if he is tong ...led on the quay side ha gets compees ation (Snam ) What he wanted was that the Workingmen's Colpeneetion Act should enable every workingmen to be compensated for all accidents. That all accidents should be paid for, whether the man fell 29 feet or no distance at all. (Au- plause.) Waether he was the ,water or on the quayside. (Hear, hear.) He wished also to say that since 1851 the ilruneer Mini Co.. hat independent of the Compensa- tion Alt pail comp-onsition to their workoe opte for all accidents that hid occurred, (Loud applause.) With regard to the War iii S -nth Africa they had been told by Mr Chamberlain teat all the sacrifices by the country, and all the self-sacrifice of the soldiers of the Qieen in Sloth Africa would be thrown away if they. toe Tory Government were nat returned to Parlia- amt. Teat was, however, so far from being the truth that he wanted to give it them with the utmost accuracy. Ihe policy of the Government taken from the utterances of lewd Silisbury and Mr Chamberlain was firstly: That the Transvaal and Orange Free Stat. should be annexed ; 'secondly, there seould be a state of military Gvernmneiit for a time ; and thirdly that not until the English and B oer should should snow a dis- position to work together in harnelny would those States be granted the full freedom as enj oyel by the rest of Her Majesty's Colonies. Such was in bri-f the lines of tee settlement of the war. (Hear. hear.) He wanted them to note that Lord Rosehery, Sir El Camp- bell Bannerman, Sir W Harcourt, tlr John M shy, Mr Asqtritio, and even Sir filbert Reed (the most pronounced pre-Boer in the country.—(Laughter.) —accepted them He also accepted them:lnt:re was no difference between p oliticiane reseectine the settlement of the war. Then h3w reould it be the issue of the elec- tion? (Applause.) There was no dispute sheet it and it was not the question they were going to vote upon They were going to vote upon the old Radical principles. (Laud applause )There was one thing more. He ha.d been accused of votmg against the granting of supplies for the war. It intent, bto that he had voted upon a guns- tient which a lawyer might construe to be one chat affected the supplies, bee if he had he had no recol- leetioe of such. If he nal voted, it was to 5t1397 his disapproval of the Goeerninent and their general policy; and he had done that and would always do it. hr he was not 133t1t co Parliament to support a Tony Government, (loud aPnlause.) But when the war was begun that he had a different opini-on to anyone else he denied abselutely.(Heer, hear.)When the Boers attackol England he knew they were b ound to respond, and Wend to fight it out; and booed ta win. (Loud and continued applause.) The meeting then resolved itself into Committee, and steps were taken for the thorough canvass of the District.

inc.; of the electors of East Sutton Ward, in the St. Joseph's S3hools, Paasley Cross. Mr. Welsh presided over a gco I tteudance, and was supported by M. and Mrs. Colybeare, aid Mr. R. Shaw, chairman of Cho as; ciatioa.

Mr. Conybeare said he would put a few roasons why the, Liberal party wanted a changl in the representation there. Hs had boon asked how it was that the great industrial community of the town of 87. Uele.s at way returned a Tory to Parliament. He did not know what anawer Mr Seton-Karr and his friends would give. He (3,1 r Conyb-mre) did not know whether it was that thy were all good 'Tories. Speakinz on the question of peace, he said, had they had peace since the last election in 1895? Toe 'franavaal war had been brought about by the bungling and innmpe'7ent men at tbehead of affairs. What dil they m a.ro by retrenchment ? It meant not squandering people's money. He did not think that any Tory candidate would have the face to come among them and say much about waat had been done in the matter of retrenchment. Tney had given ahout three and a half millions of money on the pretence that it was for the relief of agricultural rates. That money went into the pock-As of the landowners. A committee was afterwards termed.

Mr. Conybeare aFerwards addressed a meeting of the elec:ors of West Sutton Ward in the Sutton National Schools.

Cantinuing,the Chairman said they were in an awkward I position, neeause they were apparently fishting seed° se He did not mein anytaime at all of a dis- rtspectful eh araot a to Mr. Crosield, bu.l he meant that at the present moment they did not know whether he meant to fight or net. He did not think that the Liberal party knew. It was a very dangeroos position to be in— iot to be q lite certain as to whether they were to fight or who was to be the candidete. They were met in the street by enthusiastic friends who told them that they would have a " walk over," by others more enthusiastic who said they would have a majority of over 1,000, and by their opponents, who said they knew they would be beaten, but that if they must fight they must fight. (Laughter.) All these things were encou aging, but they had a dangerous tendeecy, and that was to imbue them with over-confidence ; and the object of the present meeting was to impress upoa them and the other electors that they must not be caught napping, but go on with the election in the usual busi- ness-like fashion, and do everything they could to see that Mr. Pierpoint was returned. (Applause.) Mr. Pienroiar, who had a cordial recep'ion, said he regarded it ae a very hiele honour that he had repre- sented them tor eight years, and although the position had many responsibilities and entailed a great amount of sacrifice and a certain amount of hard work, still he asked them to again return him to Parliament. (Ap- plause. ) As Mr White had said, they had been passing through a very troublous time. He could not himself remember any winter, and he doubted whether they could, which had been se miserable than this winter that had gone by. But with that old tenacity of the English race, their Government, their army, sailors, colonials and volunteers had carriee the war on until it had now come almost, if not quite, to an end. (Applause.) There was somethine to be proud of when they thought of the time when the Government wisely appealed te the patriotism of the country, and when the risen who came forward were not numbered by the men who would come forward, but by the numbers who were asked for and allowed to c3me farward. Take Warring- ton f' instance. He believed he was correct in saying that W srrington was one oialse first of the towns of the kingdom to offer volunteers-for the serv:ce of tie Queen abroad. (Applause.) The Warrington Volunteers, he believed, were willing to weal not less than 200 men to the front, and eventually they were permitted to send 88 to 93. (Applause.) then they ought to be very proud indeed of the way in which their colonials had volun• teered their aid, and that he thought was owing to two thinee—first to the ever-living love the colonials had for the Queen and moth,r country, and secondly to the way in which throuen the ability of Mr Chemberlain, that ' love had been fostered and increased. (Applause ) He had said that the war was nearly over, and they had the spectacle of the former ruler of the Trans- vaal seeking refuge in a foreign laud—said to be making a tour of Europe for his health. (Laughter.) Still it could be said of him, as it had been said of men not more unworthy these hiaself, that he had left his country for his country's good. (Aopl vise.) From what had all this trouble arisen ? Toe foundation CArrlfi frarn the feeble surrender after the battle of alejuba Hill—(hear, hear)—from the surrender by the then Government in IEBI and the farther whittling-down of the convention then made in 1884. The Liberal party was, he supposed, nothing unless it was what it claimed to be, the successor of that Party woo made that miserable surrender in 1881. (Hear, hear.) Another example of the wey in which their affairs were con- ducted by the predecessors of the Liberal tearty.l tee men wee lied appatantly some ambition to manage affairs now, was the order to Egypt to su 'render the Sudan, or first the seeding of General Gordon to manage the Soudan and then the base desertion of him. T wet must never forget that, because ithat and thei Transvaal affair wore t long outstanding bills whicu the past Government had had to pay." (Hear, hear,) Teem might be and there were some of the Liberal party who thoroughly believed that the war was inevitable, that it was just and right, and who eridorsed the annore- don of the two late republics. It could, not, however, be hoped that these gentlemen, who according to the " 'ranee " numbered 116, would exert a preper influence in Parliament, because, to have a majority in the flouse of Commons there newt be more that the half of 670. But in tbe Liberal party there were men whose!policy was totally different. There was an old proverb that" A man was known by his friends," and when they found among such friends men like Dr. C'ark and Mr. Labouchere they would under- stand that such a party could not possibly administer the affairs of the country as the people would like them to be administered. (Applause.) If the Radical party had been in power during the past twelve months, they would very likely have sent out a small expedition and then after one small battle would have suggested arbi- tration and a convention. The past Government took a very different view of these matters, and had been de- termined from the beginning that coat what it might the honour of the Q leen and the honour of the country should be vindicated in South Africa. (Applause.) They would agree with him that a nation could not maintain its greatnessilloy showing the white flag and babbling, about blood-guiltiness. (Applause.) The speaker prz- ceeeled to refer to the skilful diplomacy of Lord Salis- bury in connection with the Fashoda affair, and went on to picture a Cabinet composed of Mr. Asquith, Sir 13enry Fowler and Sir Edward Grey, who approved of the war, and Sir William Harcourt, Mr. Morley, and Professor Bryce, who held directly contrary opinions. He asked his audience also to picture a party sup- ported by such men as Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Labouchere, Dr. Claik, Mr. John Ellis, Mr.W Scott, and the rest, all of whom were pre-Boers and further dependent to a large extent upon the Home Rule mem- bers from Ireland. This was no ordinary election.

(Hear, hear.) If it were there might perhaps' be some- thing in the complaint by the other party that it had come at a time that did not suit. Thee was a very narrow view of ths question. (Hear, bear.) It was not an eleetion as to wheth-r this or that party shauld ru'e the country so much as the great question as to the future of this lt,rigcicinn and empire and chetber they iweuld be in the tuture, as they had been in the past, a mighty and masterful race. (Applause-) That was the practical and patriotic question they had to decide. He did not ask them for their votes from a selfish desire to represent them. He trusted his aims were a bit higher. (Haar, hear.) He asked them for their support in the coming election, though it was to him a great honour to be eh sen as their representative, because of them- selves and of the great kingdom and Empire of which every one of them was an integral part. He hoped, not for his own sake but for the country's sake, that they would again return him to Parliameat to support the Goverament and Lord Salisbury, as he bad done for the last five years (Applause), Alderman FAIRCLOUGH moved the following resolu- tion :—" That this meeting pledgee itself to use all legitimate means in its power to again return Mr. Pierpoint as member for the borough of Warrington." (Apolsuse.) Mr, GEORGE PILLING seconded, and remarked that Mr. Pierpnint's work in Parliament had no doubt been pleasant to him, and it had certainly given satisfaction to the elec' ere. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Pena, in the course of a short speech, said he need not impress upon them the desirability of leaving things as they were and adopting a good Conservative member, and at the same time please themselves by rc- taining their friend Mr Pierpoint as member for War rington. (Applause.) By doing so they would be not only retaining a good friend and neighbour but sup- poking a great Government and a great Minister in Lord Salisbury. It had been suggested that the present moment was not actually opportune for all sections of the c-mrnunity, and he rather thought that complaint had been made by the Opposition that it was particu- larly hard on them. But, on the other hand, he would remark that they must also bear in mind that they had 200,000 brave men deprived of their votes at the present moment, as they were serving in Sauth Africa. A preponderance of those votes would have gone in favour of the Government, who had carried on the war so energetically and with such great regard for individual comfort and for the greatness of the empire. It had tent said that the hospital arrangements might have been more complete and that varieus things should have been amended, but was there anything in this world that was not capable of improvement ? And did they not believe that every effort had been made to provide everything that was necessary, every Port of luxury for those brave men who were doing their bid- ding in South Africa. They must remember thit the country was eight times the size of France and, there- fore, coul i they be SurprigeJ if occasio aally the com- missariat broke down. Load 11 shorts said they must do the fighting first, and do the best they cou'd for the soldiers afterwards ; and that had been acted upon co the best of their ability. (Applause). If they were catisfied with the Government as to the manner in which teev hed mewed the war,the reasons they had for com- mencing it, and that the settlement of affairs Ira South Africa would be better in their hands than in the hands of their opponents, they shnuld do their very beat to send men to Parliament who would support Lord Salis- bury's Government. (Applause.) Mr. S. CnANDLEV, in supporting the resolution, said there was one point he wished to emphasize, and that was the personality of their friend Mr Pierpoint. What did they want more than an educated, enlightened and intelligent gentleman on whose word and conduct they might thoroughly rely. (Applause). He was not a man who shirked his duties, and they were delighted that he represented them in Parliament. Lord Salisbury had advise, them not to be too sure of their position. They did not know what a day or a night might bring for- ward. Mr. Coon/4 said they would be esksd in the polling breath either to affirm or otherwise the present Adminis- tration, and he hoped there was only one swayer to give. Certainly they in Latchford would do all they csuld to return Mr Pierpoint, as he had served them with such devotion, such zeal and with such untiring energy during the past eight years. (Applause.) Mr. W. J. WILSON also spoke. Alderman Surroer remarked that the best course to adopt was to send to Parliament a large maj 'rity of Unionists who would be able to deal with the important questions affeeting South Africa and China and other problems which would hays to be faced. He was sure

I-IWO-LAS. —CHALKER'S YORK BOARDING-HOUSE Castle-terrace.—Central Promenade, facing the sea ; trams pass door; full board be 6d and 6s 6d per day,inclusive.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Conybeare Repudiates the Title

of Pro-Boer.

Mr. Cenybeare, the Liberal candidate, on Wednesday eveuing addres led a meeting' of the electors of Parr Ward, in the Methodist Schools, Chaecery-'ane, St. Helens. There was a good attendance, presided over by Mr. J. Welsh, wile was supported by Mr. and Mrs. Cenyeeare and Mr. Robert Sew (chairman of the Liberal Association). Mr. Cenybeare, who was received with chlere, said that, as it Radical member of the L•beral party, he was heartily in sympathy with whatever proposal for secial reform rends te the benefit of the working classes in that couetri. Mr. Se.ton-liter was champion of the land- lord Class. Re was practically the nominee of the land- lord and eapitalist class. 137 turning to his reeord in the Reuse of Cornmees it was seen that he was not in sympathy with the aspirati ms of the working classes. The o!d-age pension question had been put off by the Government and shelved. They (the Gevernment) had told them that there was not sufficient newsy to provide ' old-age Deri-ioes ; yet thei had no diffioulty in spend- ing £70,000,000 or more for the purpose of going to war in S eith kfrica and slaughter- Aire the Beers. Mr. Conybeare dealt at s len4th on the question of the taxation of ground values, and said teat they would never eet land referees out et a Fury Governoe,W, because the Tory party were members of tee landlord clam The interests of the working classes were far more important than those of half a dozen cepitalists or landowners. Wny should the lendowners and capitaligts dictate to them who they were to send to Parlis.rnent ? Wnere would the capita- lists be if they had not get working men such as they to de their work for them ? Mr Setonairr voted for the E ght H mre 8111, but his party had no idea of cirry- ing it. Re (MrCenybeare) thee dealt with the Work- men's Compensatioe Act, and said that at the local County Court that day. a ease had been before the j edge

_ for compensatioa, in which a Irian had in t witin an accident at some works in connection with the S; Helens tramways. He had been tail no for forty weeks. Did he get camo.msaetion for th at ? N, he did not get a penny because the works waere he met with the aecident were not a workshop within the naeaning of the Act. (Voices: " Shame"). Speaking of toe war, he said no found the Tory canvassers were goi'abu telliag people that Mr. Conybeare was a nie -3 ,er. They were asking, " Net you vote for M. Kruger rather train the el Ten ? ' What nonsense. He could hardly b heve that any voter in the constituency would be taken ia by claptrap rubbish of that sort. He (Mr. C myb are) stood there to say that he was not a pr -Boer. He was ready to nrove to anybody that he was a pro. Britisher to the back-bone (applause), and he wo aid bring arguments, sound and conelusive, to any! one that had an intellect capable of understanding logi- cal arguments, that he was a patriot, and that Mr. Setae-Karr and his friends were no patriots at all. He appealed to them to vote for the Liberal party, who had done so much for their Colonial Empire, and which party had made Canada the most loyal and prosperous of our co'onies. Tne clear duty of the electors was to re,j-ct tee bombastic demands of Mr Chamberlain and his nollesegues. and to support the Liberals. Mr. Gorge D'ltea moved a resolu'ion, heartily ap- pro ,in' of Mr Conybeare's candidature. Mrs Coaybeare briefly addressed the meeting, and asked if the electors of St. Helens did not think the country had had sufficient of a Ministry which included Loiel LanQdowne, the present Secretary for War. They all knew the shecking way the war had been managed, and if Lori Lansdowne and the present Gevernment were allowed to continue in power they would go on stcr'fi:iig thousands of lives in the same shameful way as they bal been doine recently in South Africa. (Hear, hear ) The rosalutioa was unanimously approved. Mr. Seton-Karr's Supporters. At the Volunteer Hall. St. Helens. on Tuesday night a meeting was held in salon Trt nf Mr. Henry SetereKart the conservative candidate. Majo• W. Lee Pilkington praslded. Telegrams were read from Dr.Hoffmeyr. and Sir David Gamble. Bart., regretting inability to be present. Ape'ngies eere also received from Alderman J. C. Gam- ble, M. W. Pilkiugton, Mr. H. S. Oepenheiss, and others. Mr. SAcia-Karr, who was enthusiastically received, moved a resolution expressing complete satisfacarjh at the spleldid manner inwhich her Majesty's Governmlat had carried on the admiaistration and the legislative work at borne and the affairs of the empire abroad dur- ice the past rive years. He said during the past five years the Trainers' wages had gone up something like 30 per cent., and he was very glad of it ( ,pplause). A strong settled Government had a great deal to do with this presnerity. The working of the two partiee showed that a Unionist regime was all to the benefit of the working man. golonel It. Pilkington seconded the motion, which was sepperted by Mr. W, Garnb'e, J.P. A resolution appreciating Mr, Seton-Karr's services, and promising him supper:, was carried.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

The Liberals of Warrington have already placarded thy, town, announcing that:there is to be a contest, and askimg tte electors to reserve their votes for Mr. Cros- field. The candiJate had not arrived at the time of anina to oress, however, but was expecte] every hour. Mr Crosfild is on his way hick from America, Coon. F R Roberts has been appointed the Liberal election agent, and Mr Henry Greenall holds a similar ppsitian fo: the Conservatives.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Arrival of the Writ.

,The writ was received on Wednesday morning by the P)stina,ter of Warrington (Mr. J. b. Vines'). It was personally delivered by him at ten o'clock to the Mayor in the Town Clerk's office, Mr. Whittle being also present. The writ read as follows :-- " V.ctoria, tky the grace of God, of the United King- dom of Great Britian and Ireland Qleen. Defender of the Faith, to the Mayor of the Borough of Warrington. Greeting. Wherzas.by the advice of our Ciuncil we have orderel a Parliarneot to be holden at Westminster on the lit hay of November next. We command you that notice of the tim . and piaci of election being first duly given, you do cause election to be made according to law of a member to servo in Parliament for the Parlia- mentary Borough of Warrington. And that you do caus . the name of such member when so elected, whether he be present or abient. to bi certified to Os in our Coancery withrut delay. Witless ourself at West- minster. the 25,h day of September, in the sixty-foorth year of our reign, ad in the year of our Lord 1900. tout MACKUNZIE. To the Mayor of the Borough of Warrington. A writ of a new e'ection of a member for the Parliamentary %rough oe Warrington, Mina MACKENZTZ, Crown Office ia Chancery, Palace of West- minster."

The Nomination and Election Days. The Nlayor, who will act as returning officer in the election, has fired tc- lay (Saturday) as the nomination day, and in the event of the elec- tion being c )nti'ste I, Thursday, October Oh as the electioa Jay. The nomination proceedings will take place between the hours of ten a.m. and twelve at noon. Every viper must be signed by two registered electors as proposer and seconder, and by eight other registered electors as assenting to the nomination. Every nomination paper must he delivered to the Retu.rning Officer by the candi- dat, or by his proposer or seconder, between ten and twelve to-Jay at the Committee Room at the Town Hall.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Pierpoint's Campaign. Meeting at Latchford.

The Parish Room, Latchford, was well filled on Tues- day evening when a pubic meeting in support of the candidature of Mr. Rabert Pierpoint was held. Mr. John White, J.P. , presided in the earlier part of tne meeting but subsequently on the arrival of Mr. J. Charl!on Parr, J.P., the meeting was placed isa his hands. Thera were present in addition to Mr. Pierpoint, Aldermen Sutton, 14'..4n:tomb, and j.mes Fairclough. Councillor Aired Jolley. and Messrs. Henry Greenall (the candid ste's electi agent), S Co,nd'ey, John Fair- Georg-1 Pillin z. Wiltin Tinsley, W Owen. John Coson. El win Woole, It Fairclough, A Lister-Kaye, and W _ _ _ _

_ Mr. Wairn reai the letter; he hRd received from twu zentl.men who were untble to be present. Mr. Edelsten said he sincerely svninat')i.e i with the ohj.ct of the meeting, and in a pie- wsc wnu'd Mr. Pier- point's candtd_Aur,. Mr. \tint in his letter said that Mr. Piapoint had his thorough ccafi lean:. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19000928_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DIVISION.

Colonel Pilkington at Earlestown.

Colonel R. Pilkington, the accepted candidate in the Ceaservativa interest for the Newton Division, corn- mencen his tour of the division on Monday night, when he addressed a meeting in the Town Hall, at Earlestown. The admission to the hall was by ticket, and by the Jingling of patriotic songs, the enthusiasm of the audi- ence WAS worked up. Mr CBFB orron, C.C., presided, suepsrted by Colonel R Pilkineton, Dr Handyside.Mesars R Pierpoint (Narringtoa), R Stone, H J Lengton, W Holland-Owen, &e. The Chairman said the Parliament which had been guided ny Lord Salisbury's Government had beeo dis- solved, and the electors were called together to piss their opinion and vcrdict upon the work which they had doae in the past five years. The Acts which they had paesed during that time for the benefit of the country were very numerous. But what the country, was juds.- ing them unon was the question which had occupied etir attention for the past 12 months, to express our opinion upon their conduct, and haw they had maintained the integrity of this very great Empire, whicn was entrusted to their care some fine years ego. (Hear, hear.) Tau all knew the history of the Boar wartand they reinemoveed that the Beers invaded B iti9h territory, they, with the streagth of the man who makes the first asssult unawases. marched into our territary, and it was only Ladysmith and Nltfelling that they were stopped, and kept back by ths forces that we had in that country. The people in E Island SAW the great streeetti of the Boers and sent out an army headed by Lord Itobe.rts,who by his great taistical knowledge and skill, drove back the Boers from British territory • not only that,his army of Volunteers and Colonials invaisted the territory of th Repubiies, and now they hal the result of their succes- ful and valorous cenduct. Instead of Kt-tiger sweeping the English into toe sea. the Baershad been driven bick, and now Kru 4er and his band were exiles la a foreign country. Conmel Pilkington who was well received said the dissolution had come noon them quickly ; but he did not think it was bad thing in that respect. It did not interfere with business and it practically gave every man an eppertunity of saying quickly what rea!ly ware his opinions ea the great question of the day. Then again the rinse of the year WAS opportune ; it was Autumn. If they looked back down the vista of time they would Meal that the Autumn was the time when the appeal to the areuntry usually was male. Nom WAS the time of all ethers to appeal to the cruetry and take teem into the confidence of the Government for a per- manent wasteful and strong settlemeut. (Hear, hear tine GoVernment t)ok °Mee at a time of great depres- sinn is tra le and great political gloom threatening the Elan:Ate. They could say that those clouds had now gone, with thJ exception of the cloud in China, but he believed that would be dispelled if the country put a strong Unionist Government in power. l'he Workmen's Compensation Act had been th most solid and satisfactory and beneficial Act as regarded the working man, that had been p 'soil for 20 or 30 years If no other Act had neen passed oaring the last five years it would still a tam] out as one of the m oat sub itantial and beneficial acts for the working man. (Hear, hear.) The South African question had been really before the conntry for at lesst 23 years, and curiously enousts the history of the question -began by the English Goverr- anent saviag the Bo •ra from destruction by two great. native tribes who had been terribly Mused by the Boers. He then proceeded et great length to give a resume of the South African war and the e milts leading up to it. In c inclusion he urged tnem to geed cn West niester a Parliament stronger on the Unionist side by far than the present majority. R Stele j.p., moved "mat we the Parliamentary electors of the E arl 3stowa polling eistrict of the Newton Division having heard the ptcti views of Colonel Richard Pilkingtoe, consider he is s fit an 4 proper per- son to represent our interesqs in P ariiameat.and hereby pledee ourselves Sc use all leeiti tlat,3 tine MS to secure his triumph ant return." Dr. Handyside seconded. Mr. R. Pierpoint. Warrington, see :king in 9‘11•3 art of the resolution, sail it seemed cc him like old time; to be there again. Colonel PAkinnt en load mentioned to them the extreme importance that this country should endorse the policy of the Government or set its seal upon it, se that the Boers might no lon:er strive to kill our men, or carry on the war, hat inioes be convinced that this Country WAR strong and like oweindividual. (Hear, hoar.) It was very irnoertont, that tee seal should he pot upon the democratic vote, upon the policy of the Unionist Government. and that the Bore might be con- vinced that the Kingdom of this Emnire was a compact whole with a wilt of its own, and would tolerate no out- side lot rference. Toe resolution was then put and unanimously adopted. Colonel Pilkitietora thanked them for their vote. He felt proud of being the inernb?r for the Nevston Division. In his opinion it was one of tile best divisions in the country. (Aoplause). A vo-e co' thanks to the chairante and Mr. Pierooint termineted toe meetieg weich WM closed by the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19000928_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. HELENS.

Mr. Conybeare's Campaign.

Mr. Cinvheara. the Liber tl canlidate, on Tuesday afternoon held an open-iir meeting in Bridgewater-st.. St. Helens. near the entrance to Messrs. PAington's ex- tensive sheet-glass wnrka and collieries. Llter Mr. and Mrs. Conybeare held mreting r ladi,s at the Town Ball, which was attended be gio 1 number of members of the Women's 1.13 Tat Ais-clation arid friends. About one o'clock on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. Conybeare were being driven int ) town from their real- (lence in St. Annes, and wilen the cab was ,lcseef ding Cropner's 11111, something went wrong with the harness. The Liberal candidate and his wile forunately were ab:e to alight without injery,and continu-d th-i, j 'urn/ y to the Liberal headquarters by means of the electric car. Mr. Conybeare on Tin-9 lay evening addre.ssetl a meet-

===== 0002601_19000928_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
a Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WAL CO. at The Ex miner Gt neral Printing Works, street, and and published hy them at the same place 10 also at the The Eazminer Offices, Victoria-rOad,WIDTII..e 42. George•stree, ST. HELENS ,nd 3. Market,-8% V,n; .FtereeßLtEszooßN, oNwN,i utitin th e Coeunctyouontt ly,aonfocAshteesrad_asisrpo artst:l;3 2, 1900

===== 0002601_19000928_art0150.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TI

===== 0002601_19000928_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR NEW SERIAL. We have pleasure in announcing that we have secured for publication in our columns on OCTOBER 6th a splendid sensational story, entitled :- 46 'THE HOUSE BY THE RI VER," BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON. WE HAVE NO HESITATION IN SAYING THAT THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER is one of the most sensational stories ever offered for newspaper publication.. It is a splendid conception of one of the most imaginative writers of the day. From the first chapter to the last the interest of the reader is enthralled. What one de nen& in a serial story that is suppose 3 to be sensational is excite- ment, suspense, mystery. and more or less of horror. Re. WILLIAMS3N supplies all these in clever combination. "She has an effective fashion," save the Bookman, "of hodlng back the climax to the last and supreme moment, and of gratifying her readers with an unexpected thrill just when the nerves are at the higheit tension. Yer, she uses an admirable restraint and never becomes hysterical. Her taste is excellent." THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER. The opening chapters of this story will be published in our issue of OCTOBER STII.

'M. T. GILLIGAN (UPWARDS OF: is YEA.RS WITLI3THEILATE JOHNIK. PORTER)./ WHOLESALE:AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c., &c., GO TO WILLIAM. TODD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE, 7623.

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHA.SI OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver. Old-fashioned Jewellery. Diamonds, Watches, Plate. &c , &c. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE. 47, LIME-STRERT, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.B.—Money advanced upon Diamonds,Watches,Jewellery, &c., at low rates. Et:mucus-BED 1872. yE OLDE CASHA DINING AND TEA ROOMS, 34. /MILL-STREET, SOUTHPORT, (About One Hundred Yards from the Pier). Recently Enlarged, and now the most comfortable and commodious Establishment of its kind in Southport. ACCOMMODATION FOR 500 PERSONS At One Sitting. Second to None in the Towa for Quick Service. DINNERS, TEAS. AND LUNCHEONS At Moderate Prices. Good accommodation for Cyclists. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL Burs. BUY THEM Flom THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS. 37, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any ether firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866. "THEY STILL REMAIN TRUMPS.' AND IF GOOD VALUE WILL DO IT. ARTHUR EVANS'S 6s. 6. AND Bs. 6D. GENT'S STYLISH BOOTS will keep the LEAD. CITY BRANCHES :- 551 LONDON ROAD. 24, BERRY-ST. ; 51, BYROM-ST; ; LIVERPOOL.

GOSPEL HALL. FORSTER-STREET WARRINGTON.—TO-MOUROW. (Sunday) beptember 30tn at 10 30 a.m. and 630 p.m. All seats free. No collection. Books provided.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-11 ORROW (SUNDAY) SRPTEMBER 30TH. At 10 30 Rev. C. H..HOCKEN. At 6 30. Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

ST. ANN'S CHURCH, WARRiNGTON.I1ARIT EST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. PREACHERS :—.iunday. September 3Cth at 10.30 am. Rev. W. BRACECAMP ; and at 2.30 and 630 p,m.. REV. 0. F. JONES. TlL.nk offerings for Home and Foreign Missions, Curate, Lay Readers and Bible Woman's Fund.

WARRINGTON INFIRNIARY & DISPENSARY. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the VISITING DAY will be ALTERED from FRIDAY to SATURDAY. in each 'week after the end of September 1900. Hours from 3 to 5 o'clock, in the afternoon. J. L. TUNSTALL, Hon. Secretary.

SALBAN'S R. C. CHURC}I, BEWSCY STREET, WARRINGTON. The solemn Re-opening after Alteration and Unveiling of STAINND-GLASS WIN- DOWS, will take place TO-MORROW. (SUNDAY). SEPTEMBER 30th, 1930. Morning Preacher (l). DR. WILSON. 0.6 B. livening Preacher (6.30). The RIGHT REV. DR. GA.SQUET 0.5.8. Admission Double Tickets, (admitting to both Services) h. 6d. Nave Morning or Evening). lq.. Aisles 61. r'REE DISTRIBUTION OF` HYACINTH BULBS

*6IIDtEG PARDON. EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE -1-1 DID-," "011, YES 1 ORNAMENTAL HAAR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, LBROR-S Nam, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK TOIL"

kZERGE JACKETS! SERG 13 JACK ETS ! L. 7 Every workman should have one of HAtillß'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-651 BYROM-STREET, Liverpool. -

QPLENDID As=ortment of New Season's PAT- kJ TIMM for our Celebrated 10s. bi. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND Co. LIMITED. 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSBY-STRBET, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

OSBORNE AND SONS, PLASTERERS AND LATH MANUFACTURERS, T. JAMR-STRBST, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the peace lor the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 15th day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- theft of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwicb, forming the Knutsford Dia.-riot, and the trials of all prisoners committed from ouch Huntireds.will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House. Rnutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY. the 15th day of October, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on THURSDAY, the 18th day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoln, when another Grand Jury will be empannelled• The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Braxton, Eddisbury. Nantwich and Wirral. forming 'II, Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last- mentioned Hundreds will take place at such adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on THURSDAY, the 18th day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 4fh Sepfembrr, 1900.

R H OLLINGW ORTH AND CO., mosaic AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STERET, LATCHFORD. Tile and Mosaic pavements. Glazed and enamelled Tiles for walls, hearths, floors. A. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. Estimates given for church and chapel pavements. Telegrams : " HoLLING wOrtTn. Latchford."

JOHN H. GITTENS, 10, GOLBORNE-ST., AND 1, REGENT-ST., WARRINGTON. HOUSE AND GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT. DEBTS BOUGHT IN LARGE OR SNIA.LL LOTS. ALSO AT VICTORIA. CHAMBERS, QUEEN-STREET. EARLESTOWN.

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL. LONDON. Establitbed 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGEBY,Nesseliffe. Victoria-rd..Latobford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-etreet Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F 2. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnwortb Mr. 3. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfleld House SPECIAL-THIS WEEK. FORFEI'RED PLEDGES FOR SALE. Good Cases of DRAWING or MA.THEMATICA.L INSTRUMENTS, 3s 9d, 5s 6d. and 12. 6d. Capital PARRO CAGE, only 3e 34. Good Pair of THEATRE GLASSES. price 3s. Powerful mix GLA.SSES, a bargain, 8e 6d. 255 BOYS' OVIeRCOATS, from is 9d upwards. 1,000 MEN'S OVEROOATS from 3s upwards. AND CABMEN'S OVERCOATS. WHITE BLANK RTS from is 64 upwards. COUNTERPANES from ls upwards. SHEETS in Variety. 1 1 AT HUGHES 11`. MOTHERS, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANT. 116 TO 120, BRO WNLOW- HILL, LIVERPOOL: TELEPHONE 5,171. Forfeited. ani for Sale a large Quantity of KM IVES FORKS, and SPOONS. some in cases'

_ KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMEKEEPING. ALL HAND MADE. 214 NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KELL'S has had over 33 years practical experience in w itch manufacturing and has gained the highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

BY MR JOHN' MAGINN. PRELIMINARY NOTICE OF SALE BY AUCTION of SALVAGE STOOK, recently damaged in the Warehouse Fire, 85 and 114, Bridge-street. Warrington. MR. JOHN MAGINN having come to satisfactory arrangements with the Fire Insurance Company to SELL BY AUCTION at an early date the Entire Stock of FURNITURE. £O. The stock is tvalued at £3,000, most of it in no way injured and the rest only soiled by smoke and water. The stock consists of Dining Room. Drawing Room and Bedroom Furniture. Bedsteads, Mattresses,Bedding, Carpets Oiieloth, Linoleum, Mearthrugs, Glass, China, Overmantels, Fenders, Plerglasses. Sewing Machines, Wringing Machines, Clocks, &c., &c Thirty-seven Pianos and Organs by all the Standard Makers. The complele Stook to be sold without reserve. For full particulars see Bills or the Warrington " Examiner," Octooer 6th, 1903.

9EDD Sl3 LAN DILION coypu The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publll. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Danistet 6d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesa;e by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON BSTELBLIHRD 1833

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

ILLIIMINATED ADDRESSEIS, DIE-STAMPING; Fac-Sholles of lisadwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan- tities &a., copied and lithographed.— BROOKS AND Ss, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

W. HODG-KINSON, LIMITED WILL MAKE THEIR SPECIAL SHOW OF AUTUMN FASHIONS AND NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS ON TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, AND THURSDAY, NEXT WEEK. -- A Visit of inspection respectfully invited, 46 & 481 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

TM& WARRINGTON SLATE3OO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FlfOM THE QUARRIES OF THE Bins:TON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BD:KERSHAW COAL). HEAD Comes AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marton Street. Warrington "Asos. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SLLVii3 ENOLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-VARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTI. SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION ! A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watchcan be had in ALL BIZ SS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO., we tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom. In receipt of P. 0.0.

END OF SEASON SALE. LADIES' AND GENTLEURN'S WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAINS. CYCLE CAPES FROM 2s. 11D. GENTLEMEN'S SAC COATS FROM 148. 11D. J. E. HUGHES AND SONS, 36, PARADISE-STREET (OFF CHURCH-STREET), LIVERPOOL. LATE Sr. GEORGE'S CIRESCILNT. A FEW ODD GARMENTS FROM ss. 11D.

TO-THE ELECTORS OF—TI-IE NORTHWICII DIVISION OF THE COUNTY OF CHESTER. LsNTLiMEN,— At the unanimous request of the Unionist party in the Division, I beg to solicit the honour of your support and suffrages at the forthcoming election. I do so as a strong supporter of her Majesty's Government, and I hold that it is the duty of every citizen to set aside all purely personal considerations and to support the Imperial cause at the present election, whieh is probably the most critical that has occurred in the course of her Majesty's reign. The voice o! Northwich has hitherto unfortunately been given, through its present representative, against the Imperial cause. You have now the opportunity of striking a blow for the Empire. and of strengthening the hands of the Government in permanently settling on a satisfactory basis the various questions to which the war with the Boers has given rise. The main issue before the electors is whether her Majesty's Government having regard to its South African policy both before and since the invasion of British terri- tory, is entitled to the confidence of the country, and whether the hands of Ministers should not be strengthened in effecting a settlement which, consequent upon the annexation of the two Boer Repubics, will secure British supremacy, equal rights for all white men, and just and impartial treatm ,nt for all the native races. Other important problems before the Country are the completion of Mr. Chamberlain's great work, begun with the Australian Commonwealth Act, of bringing the Colonies into closer relation r-ith each other and with the Mother Country, especially tor purposes of Defence, the provision of a thoroughly effi,lent: Army and Navy, a drastic reform of the War Office, and the proper recogni- tion and equipment of the Volunteers. As regards domestic questions. I am in favour of a well thought-out and economical system of Old Age Pensions, of the malatenance in a condition of adequate efficiency of the Voluntary Schools. and of such sound social legis- lation as is exemplified in the Workmen's Compensation Act of the present Government. I trust to have an opportunity of meeting you shortly, and of explaining my views upon these and other political questions at greater length. I am. Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, CHARLES L. SAMSON: Carmona, Iferaal. Manchester, September 22nd. 1900.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Ride) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKE"'S From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 61. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREE 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TO DROGIIRDA AND THE BEAUTIFUL 1. BOYNE VALLEY, BY STEAMERS OF THE DROGHEDA STEAM PACKET CO., LTD, SAILINGS EVERY MONO-, AY, TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, from S. B. Collingwood Dock, Liverp3ol for Drogheda RETURN FARES • Saloon, 10s. ; Deck, 45.; available for 14 days. For hours of Sailing and Illustrated Guide to the District apply ISAAC JANDRELL, 23, Water-street, Liverpool. Steamets return from Crogheda every Monday, Wednesday. Friday and baturday. (Please mention this paper.)

AUTUMN AND WINTER FASHIONS, 1900. JAMES A TKINSON Begs respectfully to announce his return from the London Markets and that his Stock is now replete with NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS FOR THE AUTUMN AND WIN TE R TRADE. EARLY AUTUMN STYLES IN GOLF AND TRAVELLING CAPES, FURS, WATERPROOFS. NEW AUTUMN AND WINTER DRESS MATERIALS. including the latest English, Scotch, Irish mad Continental Productions. MILLINERY DEPARTMENT. Special Display of Autumn Novelties in French and English Trimmed Millinery, Hats, Bonnets, Toques and Trimmed and Untrimmed Felt Hats. The Latest Novelties in Dressing Gowns, Underclothing, Hosiery, Gloves, Laces and Umbrellas, DRESSMAKING. This Department is thoroughly prepared with the Latest and most Desirable Styles. Any Illustration from our Fashion Magazine copied or modified to customers individual taste. JAM ES ATKINSON, 7 112 & 13 BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON.

GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE 11.C.D MANUFACTURE CLOTHING DIRECT. MUCH COMPETITION DEFIED. MANY CHARMING DESIGNS. MAKE CUSTOMERS DELIGHTED. MODERATE CHARGES DESIRED. MORE CUSTOM DEVELOPED, BUT THE GOOD POINTS ABOUT THE 31.0. D. CLOTHING ARE INNUMERABLE. THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARICET-STREET, WA RRINGTON.

DO NOT MISS AN OPPORTUNITY. SALE SALE. SALE. A SAVING FROM 30 TO 50 PER CENT. AT T. MARCUS AND CO., GENERAL HOUSE AND HOTEL FURNISHERS, 3 AND 5, MOSS STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE WHOLE STOCK OF NEW AND GENUINE HIGH CLASS SECOND HAND FURNITURE IS OFFERED AT GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES, AND MUST BE CLEARED PRIOR TO STRUCTURAL ALTERATIONS. LARGEST AND MOST ARTISTIC SELECTION IN LIVERPOOL. CASH OR CREDIT. AN INSPECTION INVITED AND JUDGE FOR YOURSELVES. We pay Carriage to every Station in the United Kingdom. Trams piss the door from all parts every few minutes.

BEST GOODS A.T THE •LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH ONLY, PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ENORMOUS STOCK, SPLENDID PREXIISES. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (EY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLA.TE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTIoN. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ko., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive Prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

G- UNS ! GUNS ! ! GUNS The largest and best selection in the North of England ; a perfect fit guaranteel. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Guns, and Implements, at lowest prices. CARTRIDGHS. Sporting Cartridgesa Speciality; nothing but the best m.terials being used. GUNFIT lING. Customers can have heir guns properly fitted at our new range, Stanley. Spec:tally adapted for fitting, with moving targets, .tc. All repairs done on the premises. Llst on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS' 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Picturea. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, to. Terms Moderate. A FINd COLLECTION OF PROXOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S „4:4'c''4l INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES wlrki LIP. ALWAYS FLUID ! NEVER FADE!

UMBRELLNS UMBRELLAS II KEATING'S PO D ER. THE LATEST HOVE TIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. KEATING'S' rOWDER. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS I(EATIN GS POWDER. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN lIALY AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6n. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Meths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. T. BRIERLEY, Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. N- SW BELLOWS, 91.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/- AT .111EW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) Sold in Tins, 3d, 6d., and Is. also in the new filled Bellows. 9d. K ILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, KILLS IrLFAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

..., J. ADAMS. -----,v---,--,--- FOR I( • FERN GLASSES. t,.( GLASS SHADES. AND . e , k , STANDS. „ ,P,,.. 0 ioi I WINDOW GL)SS OF • '-'.l:'\\ - i . $1 PIFFg.RENT COLOURS. V-:- 4' ..... _,, ,f , WINDOW GLASS OF i_____°•,, "•,-__ _,,..., '' i: `::"..k, " „.„.-,' a DIFFERENT PATTERNS. . <' ••• -,,---,': . . '-- ' BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GAS GLOBES. SMOKE PROTECTORS. BELL GLASSES, AT THE LOWEST PRICES. AT J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, OR AT 80 ST. JAMES PLACE. LIVERPOOL. 350.COOFRET OF WINDOW GLI.S3 AT lid PERFOOT SMALL SIZES.

-Ll_ • ._ _l77_ _ -. \. -_______-,..____- --,r7v.,_ -7-Ff--.177-r--rmis,..=,---,-, ~:: _'', ti,..• ----...::-.-------• LARGE SIOOK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. GUITARS, VIOLI NS, An. Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S mime inside, Rose- wo A. ornarnentd ; 12s. 6,5. Car, iage paid ARCHMR AND SONS. ST. GEORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD- STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1848. (. ( CYCLES! CYCLES I " ROYAL AJAX ' are `C,172,/ finest value Girriage paid. 30 ) .. (/- , _-_-.*-___ per cent cheaper than elss „ - ,z`',,,t. ---.."-,-.; , where. Immense. Stock, New ), ,6,r and Second-hand. EASY -,-,..•--tf-,,, --, ----Zsw.t.',ek'i: TERMS FROM 1; MONTHLY, OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED, 1900 ILLUS.; RATED LIBTS POST FREE. LARGE CYCLE RIDING3OI{OOL. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO ,5. EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL CITY BRANCH : 23, MAIqOHRSTER-5 IREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113. Anfield,

Elastic Stockings. Surgical Bandages. • Abdominal Belts. Burthem from the only makers in Liverpool. SIVITTIT & SOTS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL We supply a better quality at. a lower price than any other firm in ttie trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

GECROE HENRY LEE & CO.,LTD. BASNETT-STREE r, LIVERPOOL, ARE NOW OFFERING THE WHOLE OF THEIR Cl OLRPLUS SEASON STOCK COMPRISING :- COSTUMES, MANTLES, MILLINERY, FURS, RICH SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, FURNISHING AND GENERAL DRAPERY AT GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICES. BASNETT STREET, LIVEPOOL. ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS, IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES, WITH LIP.

ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE I DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURB ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRIENGHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS.

Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR PLACE. LONDON. W. Do not be persuaded by anyorie to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon havidg the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package, by Post for 14 or 34 otamps.

WARRINGTON TEUaNICAL INSTITUTE SCHOOL OF ART. CHARLES MIDDLETON SCHOLARSHIPS FOR. BOYS. One Senior Scholarship, value £9 first year. £l2 second year, and £l5 third year. Candidates must be under 17,and educated at Blemetary Schools in Warrington. Scholar- ship to be awarded on result of past exsminatians of the Science and Art Department. Application to be made on or before September Bth. Two Junior Scho'arships, valne 24 first year, £5 second year, £6 third year, to be awarded on the result of a special examination held September 11th. Can.lida; ea mut be pupils of Elementary Schools in Warrington. ENTRANCE SCHOLARSHIPS FOR GIRLS. (Donation of F. W. Monks, Esq.). One Echolarship value £5 for one year. Same rules as Junior Charles Middleton scholarships. For further conditions see terms to be had at the Museum. °HAILERS MADELEY. Secretary. SKELTON'S LIMITED, ENORMOUS STOW OF • PRESENTS. SKELION'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ATCHELL'S CLUB HATS. THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES Is. 6D. AND 10S. 6D. 48, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PAR CIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, &c.. FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE N. 169 - BRANCH UFFICE ' 24, HO RSE I.IARK ET-ST. OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEAVISIDE, W ARRINGTON- T T II_ALLIWELL. DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN TUB MARKET. OPEN EVER DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. M. MASS EY, FRUITERER AND FLORIST, COVERED MARKET, AND AC lON GRANGE NURSERIES WARRINGTON. DESSERT FRUIT A. 6PECIALITY. Fresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables fro Garden Daily. Orders by Telegram and Letter receive every care an prompt attention. TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS : MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTO.--

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE.. nII ' lARODYNE is admitted by the Profession to. V be the most wonderful and valualale remedy ever di covered. pHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known Of Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORUDYNE effectually checks and arras" those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Prier Croup Ague. PHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhco3 V and is the only specific in Chole,ra and Dysentary. CULORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacv of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Near!: gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer. Toothache, Meningll'" &o. From Dr. B. J. BOI7LTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne lou. practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Sod° irritr tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and tion In whatever organ, and from wbstever cause. It !atria a feeling of comfort and quietude r 4 obtainable by any °Ver remedy, and it seems to ' posses this great advantaget:k all other sedatives ; that it eaves no unpleasant "- effect s . th;:tEharel Rrecusesievleldcaomdienenpliteacit,edfrtoomthheerComllaejgee9toycs oPhoyassirty: Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging feartui,LA, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOo' DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUIION.—BEWARE OF FIitACY AND TIONR. A t.to CAUTION.--Vtoe-Chducelior '3!r W. PAGIc WOOD state- , Dr. J. COLLis BROWNY. was nnloubtedly, the inventor:at " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defen?; FREF.MAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regrett"' say had been sworn to.—See 2imes,•l3th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. liii„ 2s. 91., and 4s. 6d. 14.,°,703 genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROv"'" to' CHLORODYN "on the Government Stamp. Over'll° ng Medici& testimony accompanies each bottle

TORQUAY. Furnished APARTMENT 3 ; good cooking and atteudance.—Nin. AND MRS. REED, 32, Belgrave• road.

UURNISHED APARTMENTS to be Let near the sea.— DEMPSTER, Daisy Bank Farm, Middleton, near More- cam b

SOUTHPORT.—Mrs BRIGGs, Westfield, Bath-street : public and privata APAR:MIMS. near Promenade; terms reasonable.

RHYL.—Comfortable private Apartments, quite close to sea and station ; terms moderite.—BAYFLELD licusE, Queen-street. BARMOUTH (Ripon House):—Comfortable Apartments; every convenience ; two minutes' walk from sea and station.—Mrs. ROBERTS.

m."ORBCAMBH.—Mrs. THORNTON has comfortable Apart- ments ; facing sea and prom. ; private and public ; terms moderate. Winterdyne.

ORECAMBE, West End.—Comfort D able Apartments.— Mrs. LOWNES, corner Chatsworth and Devonshire road; nice locality; good beds.

pLACKPOOL.—Mrs. OREN, Bewsey House, Lord-street, North Shore. Close to Station, 'Trams, and Sea. (Late of Bewsey-road, Warrington.

IUAIRHAVESI near Lytham. APART MIINTS. or small A. furnished house, Facing sea; Marine lake' SOUTH ASPECT. Tram, 14, Pulloagate.

MORECAMBE WE.—Homely APARTMENTS; good cooking.—Mrs. HARTLZY, 35, Westminater-road (late of Erving Terrace). Stamp reply.

m 0 R boardEO A bathß li . Spui apce cr ore tAc p IT n s s. c,A 11: i ton u lot 1.0 Hi t ouus et 22, Sea View Parade, West End Road.

L`DINBURGLI.—AIDCOMMODATION,IBoard or otherwise .r.l tourists and families ; bed and breakfast from 25 6d most central.-10, RUTLAND-SQUARE.

M OREOAAIBE, W.E.—Original NELSON HOUSE, ITJ. 511E7Rn AND CLOUGH, 109, Balmoral-road, off Regent-road. Public, private, homely, clean. Piano.

ISLI3 OF MAN.--4 N . CHALMBRS.junr., 3, utford-place, Castle Mona Avenue, off Promenade, Douglas and a few yards from shore. APARTMBNTS with or without board. Beds without board 2s per night.

'bare. INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

Manta

vii-ANTBD.—APPILHNTICE to the PRINTING-TRADE. —Apply EXAMINER OFFICE, Warrington.

A SSISTANT MAST tcR WANTRD for Boy's School, for lA. Claes of Standard 11., and Assistant Mistress, for Class of Standard 1. : tonic and drawing. Apply RECTOR, St. James's, Gorton, Manchester. WAR MEDALS WANTED, dated 1848. or earlier, £ given ; also round Arctic Red River, Firket, Atbara Mashona, Matabeie, &C.—MAJOR Tomns, Droitwich.

WANTBD DAIRY OF MILK delivered on rail near St. Helens. State price and particulars to W. J. HouoßToN, Home Farm Dairy, Bold, bt Helens.

150,000 titofrrtogniag:torpejLepeonsti.ttoorbeDeAeddvsainneseudmons to suit 13,rrowers,in any part of the country.—J. W. RF.ADCR, 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

86,500 ;f2vEfffivotil"LiT:AcTUTG&Ac terest from 3i per cent. CHIEF RENTS FOIL SALE.—J. BRowx, 504, Lord-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 7486. Est. 1872.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO F URN IS Li YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), W IDNEa• WARRINGTON at raj Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

T ONDON AND PROVIINCIAL LOAN COMPANY. LOANS £3 TO £lOOO. TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Mao LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Lite Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £25 repayable 12/6lper wk. £lO „ 5/- £3O ~ 15/- „ £l5 „ 7/6 ~ £35 „ 17/6 „ £2C „ 10/. • , £4O „ 201- „ No Fees or Fines Charged. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office Hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saturdays 9to 1 p.m. Apply to JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, Mersey-street. Warrington.

ONEY.—Absolutely without Bill of sale, Pub Hefty, Fees, or Law Costs. From One Month to Five Years. THE NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3. COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, MANCHESTER. Ratak.. 1875. The Directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary cash assistance. Private and prompt A DVANCEd made daily on borrower's simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may :be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. Apply, in strictest confidence, to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Manager. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge pre- liminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectionable loan office routine is entirely dispensed wit h. NOTE.—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS FOR LOANS ON LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES, REVERSIONS AND SECOND MORTGAGES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM .ClO UPWARDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. AT MUCH LOWER INTEREST THAN USUALLY CHARGED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has carried on BUSINESS for thirty year, and always under HIS OWN NAM H. He has always eneleavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus and Terms, may be obtained Free of Charge on Application, personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ;ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 16, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1371

HARROP BROS. AND COMPANY. PRYirTERERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEES-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

lattlss ItpDrol‘, oarzliva CM 00. _ „ _ - DLACKPOOL —BROOKLANDS BOARDING HOUSB. 12 Tyldesley Terrace. promenade, homelike and cheerful ; excellent table ; electric cars pass door ; convenient all amusements.—WlElEMAN.

SOUTHPORT HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

BERESFORD'S (L ATE WEBSTER'S) REFRESHMENT ROOMS, 13 AND 15, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. APARTMENTS, BEDS. FIRST CLASS ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Picnic Parties Catered for on the Shortest Notice:

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 71. EUSTON SQUARE. Metz COMPORTS, CL3ANLINES3 AND QUIET. OESTRAL FOR BUSINESS 011 PLEASURE. Wild'. Temperance Hotels Ltd. SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr-. BARNADO. Buvumer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

Obaration.

AfISS BERTHA BOUCHIER, is pre- 11l pared to receive pupils for the Violin. Lessons at own or pupils' residence.—Terms, &c., on application to 33, WriirEnELD-Ro.ao, StT.sicton Heath. DANCING.—MISS ETHEL SPINKS, RE-OPENS her DANCING and CALISTHICNIC CLASSES at the Conservative Club Assembly Rooms, Saturday, October 13th, morning class at 10.30 a.m. ; Wednesday evening class (adults) October 10th, Masonic Hall, Bold-street. For further particulars apply 4, SALIOBURY-STREET, War- rington. MANCHE SF ZEE R 4 4 . GPRE AI 1 i3IRAMR SCHOOL THE TERM BEGAN TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11TH. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, Scc., may be had at the School. NB.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, is ertuated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA HOUSE HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PRINCIPAL—MISS KATE B. LLOYD, Assisted by a staff of highly-qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters. GOOD-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education, Finest position facing sea. Perfeet sanitation, lotty Rooms. Elec.tric Light. Unsurpassed Health Record. Excel- lent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local references on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

10r5t5, (garriagesS. &r.

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, AUDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

BE WISE IN TIME AND FURNISH AT IpITtS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch) ; OR AT PITTS'S NEW BRANCH, purTs's, PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manclyster Central Station). Business Hours. 8 to 7; Saturdays 8 to 9. THE OLDEST FIRM IN THE TRADE. rrIIAT HOPE DEFERRED MAKETH THE 1 HEART SICK is just as true now as ever it was will be attested by all whose most cherished aspirations have remained unfulfilled. In every walk of life we encounter this hankering after the (supposed) unattainable, whilst in many cases the remedy is close at hand if those interested only knew how to avail themselves of it. It affects most businesses, the furnishing trade especially. For instance, a young man meets a maiden fair whose appearance and merits he approves. She, likewise, appreciates his qualities, and quickly an affection springs up between them. How pleasant they think it would be to marry and start housekeeping together. Then the stumbling block presents itself—where is the cash to purchase furniture to come from ? With him, time past, like with most young fellows, "enough for the day has been the evil thereof." He has save I practically nothing so the marriage is postponed indefinitely. Now, this is where PITTS S step in with a timely suggestion. Instead of deferring the hope and making the hearts sick why not, by a fair and equitable arrangement, defer the payments and make both hearts glad? PITTS'S offer to supply the requisite house-furnishing articles at lowest cash prices on payment of a trifling deposit and remainder by easy instalenents,charging 10 per cent only for the convenience. PITTS'S during the last half century, have furnished thousands of homes in this manner that never would have been furnished otherwise. Now act promptly. and call at PITTS'S, of LONDON-ROAD and GAYTHORN. PITTS's PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15k, 22k, 28k, 38k, 50,75,100, 200, up to LOCO guineas, are the embodiment of everything that is excellent and necessaryifor the embellishment of the home. They are incomparably superior in VALUE and appearance to others. They comprise articles of rarest beauty though thoroughly substantial, and cart be had for ABOUT HALF expensive city prices. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FUR- NISHING GUIDE, containing 700 artistic designs priced, post free. PITTSWDINING-ROOM FURNlTURE.—Astound- ing display of Suites in Morocco. Saddlebags. Velvet, and other costly fabrics. For instance, splendid Suite, American walnut, covered with rich Utrecht velvet ; cost £45, Pitts's price £l5 10s. Handsome Sideboard, to match cost £25. Pitts's price £lO IC's. Extending Dining-table. cost £7, for £3 3s. Grand Suite American walnut and Arabian saddlebags ; cost 50 guineas, Pitt's price £l3. Magnificent Brown Oak Suite, in real morocco leather ; cost 60 guineas. Pitts's price 25 guineas. Colossal Solid Oak Sideboard, to match, profusely carved ; cost £B5, Pitta's price £35. Serviceable Suite, in real leather, £.7 10s, cost £2O ; another in velvet, £8 Bs, cost £22, Sideboard, three bevelled plates in black, £4 5s ; worth double. Scores to select from. Sideboards, Dining-tables, Dinner Wageons, every Biz°, make, and design, in endless profusion at giving- away prices. PITTo'S DRAWING-ROOM. FURNITURE.—A superb collection of choicest designs, Ruch as Chippen- dale, Sheraton. Adams, Louis, exc., Ac., in rosewood, beauti- fully inlaid, Circassian and Italian walnut, 3c7., upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings. including Genoa and frieze velvets, brocatelle, cotclaine. Ac. Chippendale Suite, in dark mahogany, cost £53. Pitta's price 24 guineas ; Overnaantel to match, cost gls, Pitts's price 6 guineas ; also Cabinet, cost £55, Pitts's price 20 guineas ; Italian Walnut Suite, in rich velvet, cost £35, Pitts's price 10 guineas ; one in Tapestry, cost £3O, Pitts's price 12 guineas ; another in embossed velvet. cost £2l, Pitta's price S guineas ; Sitting room Suite, complete. cost £2O, Pitts's price 9 guineas ; has Couch, Two Easy. and Small Chairs, in mahogany and hair, or leather, Sideboard, Table, Carpet, Fender, and Fire Brasses. This is a marvel well worth securing. Cabinets, Overmantela, Occasional Tables, An.. Ac. Grand value. PITTS'S BEDBOOM FURN ITU:IE.—By far the largest and best selection in the provinces. Over a hundred Suites, solid wood throughout, all complete, in Satin Walnut, American Walnut, Spanish Mahogany, Ash and other fashionable woods. Grai.el Solid American Wal- nut Suite, complete Cost £65 ; Pitts's price 25 guineas. Splendid Satin Walnut Suite, cost £45; Pitts's price 13 guineas. Ash Suite, cost £25 ,• Pitts's price 11 guineas. Entire Contents of Bedroom. cost 20 ; Pitts's price 9 guineas containing wardrobe, pair of toilet tables, chest of drawers pedestal cupboard, towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass, brass- mounted bed.tead, mattresses, wool bed, bolster, two pillows carpet, fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive All- brass Bedstead, cost £ll ; Pitt a's price, 6 guineas. Brass- mounted Bedstead, spring and wool mattresses full size and quality for 3 guineas, worth £6. 1111DITTS'S BEDSHADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest -L and best selection, being cleare I out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them, and rue alter. plTat'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. —Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, many of which exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and fitted free of charge by competent men. PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS. Lamps. China, Glass, Earthenware, Magnificent selection. Astounding value. Well worth inspection. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick and Longsight cars ; GAYTHORN (all City-road gars pa:: door). ishel 1845. National Telephone, 1,124.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. OSice and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. 'A ARRINGTON. Te!ephone No. t 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, ate., warehoused.

AniirlptirMatt sirtatp.

ALL Sufferers from tape-worma quickly relieved, particu- lars tree.—Address Hicititox, Box 278, North-street, Nottingham.

rixcuLLENT DOG CART FOR SALE, cheap; in good 11/ condition.—Apply C. W. MARSH, Newton Hall, Newtonsle-Willows, Lancashire.

ILD :sad Disused False Bought Full value k.. 1 sent per re urn of post. B. J. lionlxsoN. 53 limpress- road. Kensington, Liverpool. TIPROFITABLIS GOODS TO KILL. livery kind. Method' for beginners. Wholesale book free.—Write HENRY 2ELLY, Merchant. (624), Birmingham.

qlO BB SOLD through ill-health, a complete green 1. grocer's TURNOUT, Pony Cart and Harness.—Apply 'T. TITHER, 294, Crow•laue, Newton-le-Willows.

ATILLAGR PUBLIC on the road side taking £l5 weekly V rent £3O ; m,gnificeut looking house; recommended, £3SO.—BIUTTER, 45, Market-street, Blanchester.

RUPTURB.—Gentleman (cured himself) will send free particulars of inexpensive Self-mrative Treatment. Stamped address. Box 46, 69, CASTLE-STREET. Carlisle.

BRAUTIFUL BRUSSRLS CARPRT JUGS; zheapest in the world ;32 inch, is.; 60 Inch 2s. 63. Carriage paid. —Woons, Manufacturers, 83. Rosebank-street, Dundee.

rIAB and COACHING BUSINESS ; clearing £3 weekly k..) after expenses ; horses, wagonette, Brougham. Harness sure fortune nice premises ; £27S.—NUTTER, 45, Market- street, Manchester. SOU THYORT.— GROCERY And CONFBOTIONBRY doing nice steady trade ; gardens, poultry, hen runs, nicest part of Southport; sure fortune; £I2O.—NUTTEB, 4h Market-street, Manchester.

PDUES I PILES. All suffering from Piles get Basellb the Physician's inward effectual remedy, Cured hundreds. Also ointment for outward eczema and all skin itching com- plaints. Post free Is. Id. or both 23. Iid.—SPEDDING, Bone- setter, Batley, Yorks.

F 0 It FRI IRD PLR DORS. T ADY'S 3-stone Brilliant Diamond RING, £37 10s ; .4 Large Horseshoe PIN, £33 10s.—Ou3itY, Pawnbroker, 3, Newton-street, Manchester.

TiRON Single-stone Brilliant Diamond RING. £lB lOs ; -1 Solid i Ire r TEA SST, " Rosette" pattern, very pretty (teapot, sugar, and cream), £ll 17s 6d.—OusEY, Pawnb:oker, 3, Newton-streer, Piccadilly, Manchester. FORFBITRD PLIDYIRS : Lady's 3-stone Brilliant Dia- mond Cross-over RING, from Batty's, Market-street, £l4 104 ; Fine Ruby and Diamond Cluster PIN and STUD, £4 7s 6d.—OusEr, 3, Newton-street. Manchester.

FIELD GLASSES. 10 31/LIS RANGR, powerful len see, achromatic, approval ; splendid case, strap, &c.—OLNEY, Pawn- broker, 3, Newton-street. Piccadilly. Manchester.

MAKHRS TO THR y ADY'S Gold Key:ess Open-lace Lever WATCH, by I_4 Russell and Son, Liverpool; richly engraved ; £4 17s 6d.—OusF.Y, 3. Newton-street, Manctester.

FINE 393 6d VALUE. HIGHLY-FINISFIED Silver Keyless Waltham LEVER; perfect timekeeper ; 5 years' warranty ; m oney re- turned if not approved of .—OuSEY.

RUSSELL'S, LIVERPOOL. GOLD Keyless Open-face Centre-seconds Chronograph, Brequet spring. fully jewelled. £l6 !Os ; guaranteed tor 25 years .—OusEr. 3. Newton-street, Manchester.

FIELD 573 6d GLASS. MILES Ranae, superior lenses, achromatic, clear kJ definition, by Lematre approvsl.—OuBar, Pawn broker, 3, Newton-street. Manchester.

FORFEITED PLEDGHS. I AEG H Single-stone DIAMOND RING, 18-carat gold LA £7 15s ; very fine Charles 11. Guinea, 373 61.-0113 Er. Pawnbroker, 3, Newton-street, Manchester. JUBILER £2 FISCH (splendidly mounted), and Massive Solid Gold Heavy Garb Albert, Hall marked, £7 17s 64; Lady's Half-hoop Diamond Gipsy, £6 155.—OusEr, eawn- broker, 3, iiewton-street, Manchester.

247 10s. VERY Fine Brilliant Diamond Snake BROOCH. large V Oriental Pearl hanging from the mouth ; splendidly made.—OusEr. 3. Newton-Street, Piccadilly. Manchester.

"SPECIMEN GBMS." j ADY'S Blue-white Brazilian Diamond 3-stone RING, IA £24 15s ; tine Marquis, RING. Bmerald and Diamonds, £22.—Ousitr, Pawnbroker, 3. Newton-street, Manchester.

TO SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _L Works, lat-ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. Hosxvia, 16, Fenwick- street. Liverpool.

eptits,

A.DY'S BICYCLE FOR SALE. In lgood condition, just LS been replated, Clincher tyres, medium fre,me.—Apply, " X ", Examiner Office, Warrington.

COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. .210 IOS ANE 215 15 WITH 1100 DUNLOP TYRE:9 WARRINGTON Agents. FRODSHAM „ T. Booth. Rock Terrace. ST. HELENS „ A. H. Smith, 23, Corporation-it. EARLESTOWN „ F. Holt, Wargrave Road, WIDNES W.Houghton,St•MichaersTer.Dltton LYMM „ H. Copeland, Cycle Depot. LIVERPOOL „ Hitching, Limited, Duke-street. MANOHESIER DEPOT: 134. DEANSGATE.

TRIUMPH CYCLES, CLEARANCE SALE POE 21 DAYS. 19C0 PATTERNS AT COST ! SOLE AGENCY: HITCHINGS, LTD., 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CAUTION.—TRIUMPH CYCLES advertised and sold by other firms are obsolete patterns, ana do not carry our guarantee.

ESTABLISHED 1886. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, q 61141 ri 1 JL HE JL LYST JL HE r LYST." Leading Machines in Lancashire. GEORGE LLOYD AND CO., 25. PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL. All machiaes built on the Premises. Celebrated B.S.A. fittings. Palmer and Dunlop tyre. jointless hollow rims,Appleby's chains.half inch and inch pitch highly enamelled and brilliantly plated. Superior finish and guaranteed for twelve months. £9 10s. 66 ALSO THE _C LYST " SPECIAL £6 10s. All kinds of Cycles repaired at the shortest notice. Outer covers and inner tubes (new) 17s 6d. GEAR CASES NEV. FROM 36 3d. Accessories of all kinds kept in stock. Deal direct with us and save 50 per cent, wholesale and retail.

TIRES. TYRES. TYRES. OLD Worn-out OUTER COVERS RE-RUBBERED and CANVASSED and made equal to new 103 6d each. All kinds of CYCLE RUBBER GOODS Stocked, Trade supplied. Best price given for WASTE RUBBER. POLLARD AND CO., LTD. INDIA RUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 20, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

jitiarbintrp, -Do ORTABLE ENGINE.—SnsaII double-cylinder portable ENGINE, with boiler and Injector ; also useful One- Horse Cart, in good order,—Arply WILLIAM Noants, Faru- worth, Widnes.

pA TENT OFFICE MANCHESTER, HaTADLISHED In 1335. hiessr GEORGE DAVIEE & SON have ha.l more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. merit, and possess praeticalknowledgeo f the cotton, woollen, and iron mama:tam-es. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Sc!. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Lawe," price 11. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, KANCHESTER.

Otosits, Zusints.seo, tit.

ALD ESTABLISHED CONFECTIONERY, Minerals. Ice kl cream, Tobacco shop ; In going, £35. 75, UNtox-sT, Ardwiek, Manchester.

CAOOD WASHING MIXTURE BIThINESS for Disposal. kX Capital opening for pushing man.—Apply J.H.Amecow, 166, Colne-road, Brierfield, near Burnley.

LIMED FISH AND CHIP SHOP FITIINGS. also on wheels. —Write to makers for most up to date Calalogue in the Trade.—MABBDTT'S, 51, Lever-street, Manchester.

fIROCERY and Provision Trade.—Wanted an Apprentice kfi to Me above, 15 or 16 years of age ;to live in.—Apply to Jecon MCMULLEN, Grocer, Huyton (six miles from Liver- pool).

IPANCY GOODS, PICTURRS. HAIRDRESSING BUSI- NESs ; together or separate ; can be managed by anyone; trades taught.—HonsmsN, Northfield, Worcester- shire.

rjIIIIPE. Fish, and Chip-Potato BUSINESS in Southport, 1. doing good and improvinv trade; first-class neighbour- hood; ill-health cause of disposal.—Further particulars apply M. H.. 2, LESLEY-ROAD, Southport

JOHN BROWN & CO. ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (ESTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

ARCHITECT AND SURVEYOR. -UR. C. R. BURTON BEGS to INFORM his 171 FRIENDS and the PUBLIC, that after being fifteen years PRINCIPAL ASSIiTANT to the LATE JOHN EDWARD WRIGHT, Esq., ARCHITECT, HAS COMMENCED BUSINESS IN MILL STREET CHAMRERS. WARRINGTON. and will be pleased to execute any Commission entrusted to him in an efficient manner and at reasonable charges. September Bth, 1900.

pARR HALL, WARRINGTON. EX PRA. ORDINARY ENGAGEMENT MR. J. GAR KIDDIE'S Company of Pantomime Favourites, including the MILSTEAD QUARTETTE OF LADY DANCERS, In the New and Original BURLESQUE entitled : A LITTLE COQUETTE! Doors open at 7 o'clock. Commence at 7.30 prompt. Prices of Admission :—Reserved Seats, 2s. ; Orchestra Stalls, is. 63. ; Centre and Side Gallery. Is. ; Body of Hall. 6d. Children under 10 years Half-price to all parts except Body of Hall. Nine o'clock Half-price to all parts except Body of Hall. Reserved Seats may be b)oked at Mr. R. H. PEARSSN'S, Music Warehouse, 10, Bold-street. Early Doors open at 6.39. Threepence extra to all parts. Business Manager, Mr. AIFEED WOODS.

Li IR L , 17, disengaged ; strong and clean, willing to help k.) all round; RAO ; good character.—Xiss NELeox, 331, Glossop-road, Sheffield.

WANTED. GENERAL, at once; good references India- pensible ; age about 20.-6, BENNETT-ROAD, Crumpsall, Manchester.

WANTRD, GROOM-GARDENER ; live in; two horses and cow kepi; good references required.—Apply Dr. RICHMOND, Oerton. hilearnere. WANTED, HOUSEMAID ; General taken, good wage,.—Apply or write Mrs. Boora, 53, Carrington- street., Princes Road Liverpool.

WANTED. Young GIMBALS for private and public. and COOK for Blackburn at once.—Mrs. STALLARD. 19, Follywell-street, Blackburn.

YOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS TEA AND COFFER SETS Re-plated with pure Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TEN YEARS In first-class qtnility. $l-2 J• AND U • -BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, JEWELS, BROOCHES. LOCKETS, ac.. RE-GILT, frona 6d.

FREEBORN'S. CORAZZA SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOIL FITTING; ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS WORN, FINE' LINEN FRONTS, BANDS AND WRISTS, AND THE NEEDLE- WORK IS OF THE HIGHEST CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 33. 6d., 73. 6d., 103. 6,1.. 153. 63. FREEBORN'S%,\TATER - REPELLENT OVERCOATS, 253., 355., 455.. COATS. 153. MACINTOSH UOATS. 153. 6d.. 273. 6d., 425. H. R. FREEBORN, 11, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

Cbt " Oraminer " Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises TIHE Warrington andlti,Cheshire Examiner, pub lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published & every Friday afternoon. PRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday _L afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and ririlE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday JL morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINER. 3. WANTEDS. TO BE LISTS 1.8 WORDS 6D., ON SALES, r And 3d for each succeeding 9 words eRHPAID ADVIIRTISIedIiff • One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ... I.s. 3d. 2s. lid. 27 Os. 9d. .. is. 10d. 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id ss. Od. 54 is. 6d. ... 35. 8d- 6s. Od.

: KEEPS THE SKIN COOL ~ 1.. A Eti D vg4.* x REFRESHED 4.15.1: .11), ~..... . a -,' entirely 4: '•• . • ~ -° removes.& 1 izeg? prevents all SUNBURN, HEAT, lIRRiTATION&- ROUGHNESS. Bottles M.BEETHAM & SON. 6 cLas.. and. 25.6 d. CHELTENHAM.

FRANK k c 7 SU 00 , k7,--------7---,7' 32, Lord St., LIVERPOOL ~,,,,,,,,,, Shirt and ~,, - Knicker -, ,a,.. --s--T, Maker. <'> -:k...- Every Pattern -1.-e ...l- and Colour kept in Stock. 4 ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE. Send for one.

(z; ..co 01140, t , 4 /e, .7\4. p

TYLDEBLEY AND HOLBROOK (Lsneasbire County and (14 yeti's Manager and All E. gland Elevens). Buyer for Alec Watson; PRACTICAL SPORTS OUTFITTERS.

FOOTBALLS FOOTBALLS Association. Rugby or Buttonlesa. . ----..— Ass elation. -.7ffOLI, 'WAIF •• " docy " 4e2 Challenge ...5/9 akta. (ip . ' VIC,/ ' Record ss Od League As 9d ..0,,•.., 'SP Champion 5/9 Empire. ...7s 91 0-;..4:--,.., M..... League ......6s 9cl Despatch ...13a 9d ~..14,,7;.Ahm,7,, - - Empire 7a 91 City 94 3d '''''';;:,'11,45f...,,j, 14111::; Ranger ......9d 3d 1!.,91n....v„ AA Premier 10s 3d . ....Pi .... International 10/6 All I'OA-free. With Free Gift.

SHIRT 3, BOOTS, KNICKERS, SHIN GUARDS. BAGS, ac. Boot Studs, post-free, 6d. per dozen. All Artic;es for Foothill, Hockey, Boxing, Fencing, aynial.sia, and all Out and Indoor Games at Lowest Prices. Send for Illustrated List. It will repay you. TYLDESLEY AND HOLBROOK PRAL:TIOAL SPORTS OUTFITTERS. 63, Bridge-street (5 doors from Deausgate). Manchester.

SOFT FAIRIKIN.-. Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur- ed to those Ladies who use Rowland's K ". Ly Don which removes Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes 2S. 3d. & 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London.

r e ev t , 4 • 7, as thoroughly run down9 when Scott's Emulsion was prescribed by the doctor.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON; _- LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be poaf ad with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5-0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gett', Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 10-0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S B. Lancashire. 9,30 a.m.—London, Southern and Sonth-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma a.m,—Manohester. Bolton, Oldham, North 1.-Valfh and Ireland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St, Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpool, southport, Ormikirk. Bath, Borist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Mancheste S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 12-30 p.m —Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwieh Nantwich and Sandbach 12-45 p.m .—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-1e- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p..—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45. extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign 'Afters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 it.nt ,12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWT° N. HEAD OFFICE ... High-at., New ton POSTUASTER Mr..Ta Imes Jordan Ho us of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m , The Teleo•raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8i n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. -Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. ET TER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showingthetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp]

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1933 Pte. Sept. For Agst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford home 10 7 15 St. Helens .home 0 0 22 Stockport . away 29 Broughton Rangers away Oct. 6 Swinton home 13 Wigan away 20 Lana. v Cumber. away 20 Altrincham 27 Runcorn ..11 way Nov 3 Lane. v York 3 Widnes(l.W.LAß.T. Cup Comp)home 10 Roclrdale Hornets home 17 Barrow away 24 St. Helens ... . ..away Dec. 1 Widnes home 8 Lanc. v Cheshire 8 Altrineharn away 15 Salford away 22 Oldham home 25 Xmas Day 26 Runeorn borne 29 Rochdale Hornets ...... . ...... away Jan. 1 • 6 Swinton ...away 12 Wigan home 19 Millom away 26 Barrow home Feb. 2 Oldham away 9 Leigh away 15 Broughton Rangers home 23 Stockport home Mar. 2 Cup Tie r. 9 Cup_Tie !"1 16 23 Cup Tie 33 Cup Tie... .• 5 Gooi Friday 6 Millom 8 B M Leigh home 13 Semi-Final . 20 Champions y. Rest 27 Final RUNCORN FIRST TEAM. FIX TURES AND SeORES. 1900. Pt!, Sept. For Agst 1 Barrow 8 Swinton away 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens away 29 Millom away Oct. 6 Oldham home 13 Widnes away 20 Yorks v Cheshire Yorkshire 27 Warrington ... home Nov. 3 Stockport away 10 Cheshire y Cumberland, Cheshire 17 Wigan home 24 Ballord away Dec. 1 Barrow away 8 Cheshire v Lancashire... Cheshire 15 Stockport borne 22 W gan away 26 Warrington away 29 Leigh 1931. Jan. 5 Rochdale Hornets away 12 Millorn home 19 Leigh aWit 26 Salford Feb. 2 Swinton home 9 Broughton Rangers away 16 St. Helens home 23 Oldham away Mar, 2 Cup tle . 9 Cep tie 23 Cup tie 30 Cup tie Apl. 5 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes 'lOlll6 8 Rochdale Hornets home 13 Semi-final cup tie 22 Final cup tie .

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwiek. All places south of Crewe. • Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Preseot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Heiens. Southport, and S .4h Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwiek Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING Hotraz, SUB-OFFICES, AND NV 4.LL Beira ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS: • RECEIVING HOUSE— WEEK-DAYS. Earlestown and 8 p.m.

THOMAS DRUG STORES. 118, KINGSL&ND-ROAD. LONDON. N.IL, Genito-Urinary, Skin and Blood Disuases, Loss of Nerve Power. Varieo.ele and Allied Troubles, cured by Special treatment.—Particulars post. free. Advt.

VALUABLE DlScrrnmy FOR THE HAIR,—It your hair Is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positiyely restore. in every ease, grey or white hair to its origir-ai colour. It makes the hair charmingly bistutiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 33 6d per bottle. —Advt• FLORILINE !—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.. ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrame to the breath. Price 3s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilliat "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Ade CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 48. 6d call, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors Ih ou,gh nt the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The incoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

COO 31 FA ILY MEDICINE CHEST, win, a. la-udent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon 3.nd reduced to a more simple fori;.2. Take some good Compound such a: COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS) and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little myttcriou compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observe, 4r4 '4 ES %14' 3 .r! ;`) •J FREE FROM MERCURY. 4 NTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P I L For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Specially Prepared for. the Use of Cyclists. ... . _ , --_--nia-vi-----.------:------ TINS 'lf- & 6d. f m all Dealers. Sample Tins by Post:l/3 & Bd. li 11;-------------Fi 4.! I ir. vim( fp= 1,1 i _ . 11 1 1 1 JOHNSON'S SIKH OIL 1.- - ----1- 1 4, . ~.. ti : " -„,--20------..... F'..--0,..R.: 1 4 111 THE SAME OIL i. Lights Brilliantly! Lubricates Perfectly ! 1 ,0 .osi NW--.4 It has many incomparably Good Points, which will soon impress them- 11 ow, ~.,11, 1,1 b -r 1 selves upon you if you give the Oil a trial. i. ;,-.-- :-.27,0,5,_.:-- clu.q ~./dA _ yeki, G".", MANUFACTURED BY 11 *olliiift' J. H. & S. JOHNSON, P .„.... I, 6, 8 & 101 Wil !TEMPEL &7, CHURCII STREET, , l'i SJOBSO-ELP:b 1 ill i ~,,...,.,..,........................0, LIVERPOOL.

MERRYWEATHER ON UMW Supply to Countrp mansions, Bolds, and Public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG heRE, w.e. WORKS : GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

Dales 7 di Ts a wonderful waterproofer fo BOOTS & HARNRSS. Sof tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour, allows polish. lug win, blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 IXIiIRITION IfIGHBST übbin AWARDS. Tins zd.. 6d., 216 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoneeors (57,c. Manufactory Dulwich, London.

HAVE YOU A v.BAD LEG WITH wounds that discharge or otherwise, pertap surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that Iv nen You press your finger en the inflamed part it leaves the Im- pression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. j Perhaps your knees are swollen, the oints being uteerated the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be di. - coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may hnve ettended various 'hospitals sod had medical advice, an d oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I OLN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have tailed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBRIIT, 73. PARB/NGDON-STREET , LONDON, and you will receive a boa of GRASSHOPPRR 01NTYIENT AND PILL which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs }tease maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Oitrouncles. Pots )iel Hand Runions. Registered (Yopytight.)

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND R3NAL pILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Hick. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheum%tism. Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone In the Blaider. Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Hvery package bears the Government stamp, with the words, ..waLTHEL Dli Roos. LONDON." thereon, by order oe her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Madi:Ane Houses, or post free from Proprietors Holford House, Koltord-engsre, Lenda, W.O.

WILLIAM B AYLIFF, Billiard Table Maker. ;, - - ---71m•-*.n...:- ' • 7., - ---w=, to--• - • -,,,.. ..,..-, - .- , ....-'l' e... l • Q. ' Tables Re-Cushioned. Re-Clothed. and Set. Cues, Balls, 'sips, Ice., in stook. Various designs of Tables in stock. Patentee of the Two-liatit Billiard Pendant FitirrlAt"ti Free. 9, Tyrer street, Hou-hton Street Liverpool. mAßbi:blle4 147. lelephone 7C82.

i .? . 'So att Svortsmn 4 Mttetes. _ gt 77 :':- TO HOLBORN, . !q; • -: r.,.--- -t!', ._ w ,;,. 'T.: ' , -t, i,le ..,,,t,'• .-ti ~. -0-'' ':-7-.: ~ I,OIIOON, E.C. • • ~;..:1 ,:sk, i;,•:d, 't:!"e4 ..,j ‘.. Y. 4, 0 the Werld-wide Dealers in o , Sporting ap.(l a44lMetic *Wits. , , oalesoomote . )...? , 0 !OA, . L.. ' r 0 L', nes TGr '. ''' '''''' , CRICKET, TENNIS, CYCLING, GOLFING, , HOCKEY, POLO, FOOTBALL, CROQUET, , PHOTOGRAPHY, FISHING, &c., &c., &c., AND RECREATIVE AMUSEMENTS OF ALL KINDS. Pleylng Cards 7 Parlour Games, and Everything for indoor Amusements. EVERYTHING of the Latest! EVERYTHING of the Best! ••••••• 00000 Illustrated and Descriptive Catalogue sent post free. PROMPT ATTENTION GIVEN TO COUNTRY ORDERS. 1 Orders o---er i 0::. Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). .• ii 14,7, GENE LT4 HOLBORN LONDON E C - ~.. . 9 3 I n \l

, 4):: ,:::.,:; -i,,,,,3 3 ..„, H 0,. A '• A. ;Nk • -4... i.,, :., 4: :0. P - : ...4, 410 :4•1 i •, ir .'..ve N. rrl'.l4 :1 ..,` * ',,,,:' • . ... ~,. ':::. ,:. -, .'.l 1 V '. ‘- :1 i -,•0 ',:je _ CURES BRONCHITIS, ~.ISTHM2I, INFLUENZA, Gotighs, Colds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY- &a. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff _4/oil:its, Spiinarks, Biris, Scaids, atria EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. illanufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sod by all Chemists and Meciieine Vendor.*

. • ‘• " ~ -... L 4 tv,. PE NIVROYA I. ' & STEEL NA LL 4 - FOR. FEM. • LES.',. . . Couc ALT. LEI!OVE ALL oQT-ErisgYcnoss, and relieve tf.e rT distress eymptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/li& 219 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Bent anywhere on receipt of 15 or IA stamps, by E. T. TO %VIA:: & Co., Ataaufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. .17,nra.., of lonoitions. mulious and worth?...

Those who cannot take crdinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers.

al4, . ...• I:t'N• .rfir;', 4. • 1/44t • ••••,+4 . . 4..4 , ....•• ~,,,, 'A sa 1 „ill ~ ,4, ~. '4 4*l ....' 4 . From the ftrst dose et Dterine fits toms. It has cured PIII:MINF.NTLY the •ely writ er-ses of Fpileiwy when every lother remedy had failed. Price 4s. 6d. and lls.. Post Free. Thousands of Testimonials. Rend for a Free Ramp)* Bogie, and teat is. Write to--(Department 7.) I. W. ATIC)ENCII4I., Phavrnateutles.l Chemist, 515,1110 Strent. Belfast.

SY MING TON's EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSErqCF makes delicious coffee in a moment. Ni, trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. CUARANTEED PURE,

MANLY MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by nervousnere Premature Bxhaustion. and Wasting Weakness P Send for my book, which shows trsw every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH DIRDIOI NB or ELHOTRIOITY. Specimens of letters received, aui 9varinteed genui " I cannot find words to express nw Amu..iL i am. I used to think I never would get. cure I, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." I nave cert.( .d out your instructions, and am now per fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, uireat Russell Street, L ,ndon, W.O. Bend at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Sneoes

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK Boys and Chia can get a NICKF.L- PLATED WATCH, also a CITA IS and : CHARM for selling If dozen packages of N- -411.' BLUME at Firepence each. Send your full address, including name or County, by return mail, and we will forward the Blnine, %ow post paid, and a large premium list. No mon,y "%BLUING Co. (Department Fl) All, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London, 13.8.

E vMAN QUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL ki DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be successfully treated without stomach me_stion. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge.—A. E. NORTON, 59 &60. CHANCERY LAND, LONDON. Over 30 years' continuous success.'

that Mr Pierpoint would do all that lay in his power to protect the honour of tao country. What a calamity woaid ensue if the Radicals obtained a majority, or were si silecaasful as to prevent the Unionists and Coaserva- , tives uotaining a gsod working majority. In that case I they would be able to harass and put them in positions of difficulty. He hoped, however, that that would be preventod and that toe Government would have a sub- stantial majority. (Applause.) Toe resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. PIERPOINT having returned thanks Captain WARING proposed that the best thanks of the meetins; be given to Mr. Parr for presiding. Mr. GORTON seconded. " Alderman PRA/WOMB pointed out that the great object ' they had in view was to return Mr Pierpoint by a big majority, and other constituencies must also show the countries of Barone that they thoroughly endorsed Lord Salisbury's policy. (Applause.) Tin resolution was heartily agreed to. Mr. PARR, in reply, said they had COITI9 to a strong determination, and when Englishmen did so they would carry that determination out. That Wl° that their late member should be their future member. (Applause.) Mr Parr aczain advised his hearers to carefully read Lard Salisbury's manifesto, as they could not have better advice. Personal We understand that Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., is shortly to be married to Miss Griffiths, daughter of Captain Wynne-Griffiths, of Tiresford, Tarporley, and Plasnewybb, Denbighshire. It may be interest- ing to note that Miss Griffiths is the siater of Mr. E. Waldegrove Griffiths, who in 1898 married Sir Oilbert'a youngest sister, Miss Bertha Greenall. BEST BOOTS FOP ALL, UNGER THE CLOCK.— at CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES.—Greatly reduced —J. A. Cialtrallea6l to 65, Bridge-street:Warrington. —Advt, ASK or CUNNINGHAM' HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS—Ad County Council Juvenile Exhibitions.—Local Winners. On the reports of the Examiners the following candidates are recommended for Juvenile Exhibi- tions of the value of £l2 each, offered by the Lanca- shire County Council, and tenable for two years, at day schools other than public eletnentary schools: —Frank Ormand, aged 12, Wesleyan School, Earles- town ; George Goodall, aged 12, Westleigh Wesleyan School, Leigh; William t W Fell, lazed 13, Victoria School, Grassendale, Garston ; Amy E 13rawnlee, eget 13, St. Peter's National School, Newton-lc- Willows; Gertrude Singleton, aged 12, St. Peter's National School, Newton-le-Willows; Grace Betell, aged 13, St. Peter's National School, Newton-le- Willows ; David H Griffiths, aged 13, Victoria School, Grassendale, Garston ; Walter Howarth, aged 13, Wesleyan School, !.eigh ; Leonard Joynson, aged 11 years, Technical, High Grade Board School, Widnes. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER TIE CLOCK, BIUDGR-SfREET. —Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK F R Bur BOOTS IN LANCA.S Fil E.—Advt SECONDHAND CYCLES te be cleared cheap, from 3 S. GARLAND, Ironmouge. Situ 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. DISEASES OF THE EYE cured without operation. The only eye specialist who guarantees to core every case he undertakes. Gold medalist for restoring sight to the blind. Book with full ptrticulars free by post.—Address W. MELLOR, Eye Specialist, 286. Oxford-street, Man- chester. Mention paper. —Advt. A Warrington Policeman Returns from the Front. P.C. Hurst, a member of the Warriegton B)rough Police Force, who has been on active st rviie at the front with the Grenadier Guards since the commence- ment of the war, has bean invalided home, and arrived in Warrington on Saturday. He has been through many battles including Belmont, Graspan, Magersfontein, and Modder River, and was with his regiment 'when they marched into Thoemlontein, and afterwards into Pretoria. Needless to say he was very warmly received, especialy by his fellaw-policemea. COMMERCIAL PAILIIRES.—AECOrding to " Kemp's Mere canthe Gaz tte." the outliner of New Bankruptcy Pro- ceedings in England and Wales gazatted during the week ending September 221 d, was 70. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 74, showing a decrease of 4, being a net increase in 1900, to date, of 1.64.

AUrUMN FASIIION6 IN NIILLINERY. SPECIAL DISPLAY AT HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S (NEW ESTABLISHMENT) h;) .SL 25A, CHURCH SrREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL). THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN FRENCH MILLINERY. . A Speciality is the "NELL GWYN HAT," As worn by Miss Marie Tempest in her imperson- ation of" English Nell." This hat csn be moderated to suit any lady. FUR being a feature of the Season. we shall Show ERMINE. SABLE. AND MINK TOQUES. AT Moderate Prices. A Large Selection of MOURNING MILLINERY: YOUNG LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HATS In the Newest Shapes and Colours. The DISPLAY will be worthy of our NEW SHOWROOM. WHICH IS THE MOST MAGNIFICENT IN THE KINGDOM. Ladies are invited to view it, whether they desire to purchase or not. HENRY MILES ANDC O:IIPANY. 25 & 25A, CHURCH STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL). LIVERPOOL.

SIKH OIL SPECIALLY PREPARED Mt THE USE OF CYCLISTS, FOR BURNING AND LUBRICATING. LUBRICATES PERFECTLY. LIGHTS BRILLIANTLY. TINS, AND 6D. FROM ALL DEALERS. SAMPLE TINS JI POST is, 3D. AND BD. EACH. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL.

e&NARISS.—D. CLARK AND SON nave th largest and best appointed show rooms in England Over 1,000 in stock. All varieties. The most reliable house n the trade. COCKS. singing (guaranteed) from 63.,111iN5. rOnl 38.-64, SHAW-STREET, LIVERPOO BftISTOL LUNiTIO AS;YCUIVI. Fishpoads.—WANra first LAUNDItYMAI 0 at i2O, with hoard (except beer), lodging, washing, and uniform ; must be well recommended and exberieneed.—Apply to the MEDICAL SupEEINTENDENT.

BLIMKPOOL—MEECH AND BYGOTT, 5, General-street; APARThiIiNTS ; 2s per night two persons; near sea, station and amusements; piano.

UILACKPOOL.—Mrs. GRICH. 27, General-street, from St .1..) Helena. Two minutes from Station, sea and Fleetwood ears. Comfortable. Terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL —Comfortable APARTMENTS. Public or Private; with or without board; HART and Miss HOLLIDA C, 31. Victoria-street.

P ILKINGTON and SHAW. Stamford House 55 ADELAIDE- -BT., ; public arid private Apartments ; terms moderate ; overlooking Winter Gardens.

THE CRISIS IN CHINA has caused much alarm. A few years ago it would have affected the comfort of every home In England by increasing the cost of tea. To-day, however, with the delightfully fragrant and refreshing British-grown tea which is being shipped weekly to BROOKE BOND SG CO., LTD., from India and Ceylon, tea-drinkers may regard the crisis with equanimity. Thanks to British capital and industry, India and Ceylon have become the great tea-gardens of the world, and we are no longer dependent on the long eyed race who once held the tea monopoly. Although the capital invested in British tea-production amounts to over £14,000,000, there is no tea more highly prized than BRooKE. BOND'S. It is obtained from estates in the finest 'stage of cultivation, is the choicest pick of each season, and is always exquisite and delicious. And yet the Nimble Ninepence Buys Half-a-Pound, and each packet is full weight without the paper I 30,000 AGENTS SELL IT AT 1/6 PER LB. BROOKE, BOND'S TEA.

vv. ANTED,a good GENERAL SERVANT.experieneed.wit character ; good wages ; three in family; little wash ASHFIELD, Wavertree. Liverpool.

WANTICD, good GIGNAL StiRVANT for housework good home for respecta'Ae girt.—Mrs. CHANTLEB Adelphi Vau!ts, Mersey-street, Warringtcn.

WANTED plain COOK, single handed; knowledge of dairy work ; smqli tamily ; three servant.—Apply Mrs. MOLESWORTH. Whitaston Hall, Nabtwiiib.

VITANTHD, GROCHR'S VANMAN ; for Middleton VT young man. well recommended ; one used to the work.—Address JAMES COOPER AND Co., 11, • High-street, Oldham.

APPYIENTIGh.—WAINITBD a smart, active YOUTH a above to firm cf Wholesale Grocers ; one with littl knowledge of the trade preferred. —Apply to EDWIN RICHABDBuN AND SON, Bridge Street, Warrington. DORTEII-WANTED, a strong young MAN, as above. to firm of Wholesale Grocers, for warehouse; one accustomed to horses pref rred.—Apply personally ta EDWIN EICHARDSoN AND SON, Bridge Street, War:ington,

DARGAIN, Newsageney, Fancy loys and Tobacco. well JO established growing neighbourhood. Everything va Rent £2B Bath Sm., 94, Moms LANE, Harpurhey, Man- chester.

eiHEAP to immediate buyer 10 a 8 eAXIIIRA. Ruryscope Lenae ; Iris Diaphram. 3 double backs with adapters for whole, half, and quarter slates, Thornton Pickard Shutter. patent Tripod and waterproof case.—Apply ALICE ST., Darwen.

LIOR SALE, DRAPERY BUSINESS at valuation or cost. 12 20 per cent for all cash paid down, balance to be agreed upon. Worth inspection. Fortun,., for new beginner of, otherwise; going concern—Address 8.N., " EXAMINER Office, Warrington.

14"URS.—NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. 1: 120, PORTLAND-STREET. Manchester (Oxford-street end, late of Lever-street). FURS. FASEIIONAHLR FURS, in Fit and Finish. URS, Middle Profits Saved. SEALSKIN JACKETS. CIRCULARS IN SEAL, SABLE, MINK, & OTHER FURS. ECKLETS, TIES, TRIMMINGS, MUFFS, &c. Sin e Artiel2s Wholesale Price. Also Alterations—Re- fa. I,loning of Sealskin Garments and 611 Other Furs. Repairs. Re-dyeing. Cleaning, &c. RUTLA.I7D-ST.. late of Ifrver-st.. Manchester.

Tii Ns (I.ititA l' i-C,': \o4n)y. AX GOUT Es X IA XJA .S FOR GOUT. RHRUMATISaa i...,14:1/ ••,, LUMBAGO, The excruciating Ihtin is quickly reliered. Sure, Safe an_ll eflective. All Chemists and Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 90' per box Tee a • NT' rin9s ~,;,, A CURES when all other Remedies la". IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC a RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND TFIROBBINC APO BoON CORE' The Worst Corns and Buniong. it Softens and Removes all hard callosities on 0.111 soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you WI never regret it. Boxes, 1 /li. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

FOR F 1 RST-C:iLASS PR AT; D EINTISTR:Y. EETIi. Avoointmente unnecessary,lbut may be arranged: TEETH. All consultations ree. rt'EETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the cost work required. TEETH. Gold an other fillings at moderate • charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-inless Exotiraciaos ni:is hitherto by the TEET H. Maker to Dentists o 1.3,000 gallons weekly. Exore. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIsT BY Exam 510SLEY-STR (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EAR:JEST WN ..... B RIDGE-STREST TU t.SDAY, 2 p.m. WA RRINGTON SANK la-STREO a WEDNESD iY, 2 to 5. 4 RUNCOaN ....... BRIDGE-STREEr THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICH 18, APPL MURK U-STIIIOI • FRIDAY, 11 tc. 12 nd Ito 5.

MARRIAGES, CLOUGH—GRIFFITHS—September 15th. at the Parish u.,;70013 Warrington, by the T?ev. G. W. Dickinson, John Will Clough to Jane Griffiths. pstio WORSLEY—SUTCLIFFE —September 15th. at the mei Church, Warrington, by the lies'. G. W. Dickinson, Ja— Worsley to Alice mitcliffe. iwists RICHARDSON—SPENCER—September 20th. at the ....siter Church. Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, Ti Richardson. to Alice Spencer. DEATHS. 11020 GREY.—September 13th at School Brow, Warrington. beth Grey, aged 76 years. Coca.—September 13th at Erwood-street, Susannah Cook, aged 39 years. OS RDRN.—September 15th at Ifeath-lane, WarringtoD, Eden. aged 56 years. ingtoll, JoNF.B.—September 15th at Cartwright•street. Watr Bertha Jones aged 22 years

FRI AIIS7GRBEN. Warrington OK leite Arple Also at MANOMISTRII-ROAD, (late lissenh" Os . W ARD AND Co 4 MONUMENTAL m SCULPTORS,.,IuBE,EMASoIv, Makers of all kinds ot Chimney Pieces, aos„"—aite. Tombs. Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in urs Marble, end Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING, AND CLEANING BxisToris v ONTINI.ENTS A SPFCIALITY•
