===== 0002601_19000323_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Liisine°lAT NATlONAL.—lteliablo information 2s. each.- --roaDoN.l24, Boleyn-road, Upton-park, London.

FREE GUNUINE. FRRIL lIAND l P, Grand 'Stational, &c.—Free d address intelP stan,Ce--"ge sent on applic tun ; extra special ; send Sportsmen requirinc; real. genuine racing STIAVV„II,Oce ; apply at once Lincoln and National extra good —"0. BUDGE-HOW., C1NN,5,17,67,ET, LONDON, E.C.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER. THE MARGARINE ACT 1887. AND THE SALE OF FOOD & DRUGS ACT, 1899. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Local Govern- ment Board have by General Order No. 40834, and dated the 28th February, 1900, directed the manner in which the Registration of Manufactories of Margarine or Margarine Cheese and the premises wherein the business of a wholesale dealer in Margarine or Margarine Cheese is carried on should be given effect to and which Order provides as follows : ARTICLE I.—This Order shall come into operation forthwith, and shall remain in force until We shall otherwit e direct ; and the Order of 1887 is hereby re- scinded : Provided that in every case where a Manufactory of Margarine, or an owner or occupier carrying on the manufacture of Margarine has been duly registered,and such registration has affect at the date of this Order, such registration shall, notwithstanding the rescission of the Order of 1887 but subject to the provisions of Article IV. of this Order, continuo to have effect : Pro- vided also, that any book which prior te the date of this Order has been used by a local authority in pursu- ance of the Order of 1887 for purposes of registration shall, HO far as such hook contains any entry applicable to any such caee as aforesaid, be deemed to be part of the register of the local authority for the purposes of this Order. ARTICLE 11.—Every oemer or cacupier of a Manu- factory of and every whelesale dealer in Margarine or Margarine-cheese in England and Wales who shall make application to the proper local authority for a Certifi- cate of Registration under the Act of 187 and the Act of 1899, or under either of the said Acts, shall, in his application, state the following particulars : (a.) The name and addreas of the owner or occupier or wholesale dealer reeking the application. (ir.) The situatlon of the manufactory, or of the premises wherein the business of the wholesale dealer is carried on. (e.) The name and address, or name a and addresses, of the owner or ownees, or occupier or occupiers, or wholesale dealer sir dealers, carrying on the manu- facture or the business. Every such application shall be signed by the person making the same, or by someone acting on his behalf. ARTICLE the a.ppiication is in due form, the local authority shall cause the Manufactory, or the Premises, as the case may be, to be registered by enter- ing in a book the particulars of the application for regis- tration; and thereupon a Certificate in the Form A. set forth in the Schedule hereto, shall be issued by the local authority to the person applying for the same. ARTICLE IV.—Wh re any change occurs in the persons carrying on the manufacture, or the business, written notice thereof shall be given by the owner or occupier of the Manufactory, or by the wholesale dealer carrying on the business, to the local authority, and the Register shall thereupon be amended by making therein the requisite alteration, and an endorsement shall be made by the local:Authority on the Certificate in :accordance with the Form B, set for; h in the said Schedule. The Local Authority for the Administrative County of Chester, excluding the municipal Borough., of Congloton Hyde, Macclesfield, and Stalvbridge, is the Cheshire County Couucil, and all arpticatione for the Registra- tion of Manufactories of Margarine or Margarine Cheese, or any premises wherein the business of a wholesale dealer in Margarine or Margarine Cheese is carried on must be made to the undersigned, the Clerk to such Local Authority, when it such application is in order a Certificate of such Registration in the form prescribed by the foregoieg Order will be forwarded to the person applying for the satllf.. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Chelhire County Council. Chester, 20th March 1900.

-

===== 0002601_19000323_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
MATSI4ATS. —For GAROANERS and FURNITURE RE- MOVERS.—G T JoNEs, 9, Blacktriars-st Manchester.

HURDLES.—Wood Rurdl.s. Gates, rtc.—G. M. JoNEs, 9, Blackfriars-st '(late Vitoria Bridge), Manchester.

Iro SKIP and Basket Mikers. On Sale Cane, Willows Ji Hazels &c. G. M. Jos. 9 Blacicfriars-st, Manchester

WINES and SPIRITS ; fluesi, quality.---bend for price list to G. M. JostEs, 9 Blackfriars-st, Manchester.

YEAST 1 YEAST! 1—" Eagle,'" Halfmaon," D.C.L'a " Kangaroo " Brandn•-4. M. JONKS, 9, Blaekfriars-st., Maneheater.

SKELTON'S LIMITED,

ENORMOUS STOCK

PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, ITORSEMARKET STREET,

WARRINUTON.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and lucreasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following IattUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession f the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outfide libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & RON Ha, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Pau Is London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2i. 9d. eash by MO OheMilt.

ANKIN'S OINTMENT. FOR DESTROYING VERMIN ON THE HEAD. PRICE 6D. Applied for a few nights in succession the desired result will be obtained.—Manufacturers : RANKIN AND CO., Chemists, Kilmarnock.

fT _LIALLIWELL. DON'T FORG6T ALBEBT'S. IN Thli OPIIN EVER DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. Jr BOULTON AND CO., nOrDOS.PtiO.

We have made pretty extensive use of Chlor-o-dY;n—e. inour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from wbetever cause. It indiums a feeling cf comfort and quietude r it obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it eaves no unpleasant after effects.

" Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholere had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOIIO- - Lancet, Ist December. 1864.

CAUTION.-BEVARE OF liIACY AND MITA-

CAUTION.—Viee-CheinebllOr Tr W. PAGE WOOD stated that Or. J. Comas BROWNE was, auloubtedly, the Inventor ot " OdLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See limes, 13th July, 1864, Sold in bottles at is. i. 25. 9d., aud 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " OR. J. COLLIS 13ROWNWS CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ng Medics testimony accompanies each bottle.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without interna

medicine& HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sole Vt, holesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWAILDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, OR UP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCkTION.. DON'T COUGH—USE

DON'T COUGH-USE

DON T COUGH-USE

There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicsite KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES,

If you cannot sleep for coughing. on Keating's Lozenge will ret you right Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY IJNRIVAL-6,-.

UTTERLY UNRIVALLED.

0 TTERLY UNRIVALLED.

everywhere in tins 131. each, or free on receipt a stamps from THOMAS KBAI ING, Ohenaist, London.

EADE'S PILLS. EADR's PILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism ttotild immedtatel7 EAL3I3 PILLS. have recourse to BADR'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADWS PILLS, been received from all eorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE B piLLs. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet EADE'S F... worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in

heir action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-cres:ent Dewsbury road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. [CUB U2l ATI 851 "Doer Si r, —lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had M Rheum,c Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RH 14 UM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a G°uT friend to try yourPilis. I did so, and am quite sure .they prevented RHE UM ATIS 51 my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have narl thtleast GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again REM UMATIS:M directly. I WOlia.,D NOT Ph WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE, RHEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make whd use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased tt, answer any poor pufferer who cares to write RHEUMAT Id me (enclosing stamped address). IsT io hing you every success, Yours tn.; ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'SGCOhUeTmisAtaN,Din BBHotittlUesM,AiC PILLSan 21. 9d Are sold by all or sent post free for Postal Orzler by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSIVEIL-ROAD, R.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain 'UALlE'zii (,(MT AND /MHO MATIO PILLS. EADE S !iLS

S ATCIIEL L's

CLUB THE BEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE. PRICES 7s. 6D. AND 10S. 6D- -481 L t ,)STEEE T, VERP-00L.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19000323_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
i ..., ..,. , , , . , , 1 - q. 1- i‘ I .ij -.., , , . . ft ;•-•,_ ,

===== 0002601_19000323_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19000323_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?'

===== 0002601_19000323_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEE

===== 0002601_19000323_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTTAR._

MY DEAR NELLIE, It appears that many people are thinking ot having costumes made for the c‘ituing spring, with the result that the blouse con.sidered as a separate article is gettin,; in the background. Still, the blouse is far from being eliminated, and there remains many a handsome one. In one that I saw recently the bodice was pointed at the back and front, and round the upper part of the low neck was a very wide guimpe or tucker of guipure, unlined and transparent, showing the neck, the sleeves being the same. In another, the bodice was a bolero, short at the back and long in front, with revers and collar of cerise panne, embroidered with jet beads. There was a small front showing pleated taffetas.

Recent excursions have convinced me that some of the very prettiest of the spring hats are woven in two shades of coloured or fawn straw and trimmed with tall loops of glace silk, matching the deeper tone in the straw. There is usually a little folded band of vivid colour tucked away under the brim, in relief to the fawn and cream. Foliage toques are in favour at the moment. Ivy leaves in every shade of green, the black berries of the plant makin.g, a telling contrast, cover the crowns, and the relief of velvet and feathers is also afforded. The toque is still perhaps the most fashionable headgear, but toques now have become so large and wide that it is difficult to define the line where the toque stops and the hat begins. The latter, where it is worn, is usually of the picture order. All trimmings are low and closely set together; anything approaching height in a hat garniture is old-fashioned. Flowers and ribbon b4;tws are the chief trimmings.

Just at the moment panne is also very muels used for facing the revers of smart cloth coats. A bright shade of turquoise blue forms the ground of one I saw yesterday which was flowered with blossoms and leaves in faint colourings. Another was bright spring green, with red-brown leaves and small yellow rosebuds forming the design. There is an absolute rage for panne. The separate bodice or blouse is now made with quite a variety of materials, and amongst them may be mentioned as suitable surah, glace, or bengaline silk. The cordings which cross the shoulders run right down the back, but are closely set at the waist, and narrow the figure. The lace plastron is laid on a white foundation, and the velvet simulates a vest fastening over the bust.

The bolero is almost becoming monotonous front the unfailing regularity with which it shows itself on all, or nearly all, new dresses. For lighter spring wear it appears in lace and insertion, and a pretty variety is formed of a lattice work of narrow velvet or satin ribbon. This is especially pretty over a bright-coloured underbodice, the interstices of the ribbon showing the colour through. Pastel shades are not to have it all their own way after all. Certain bright tones are gaining ground. A real sky-blue (not the torquoise tint), old rose, and cerise, emerald green, and violet are to find favour during the summer months. _ Flowers are greatly used for the decoration of evening frocks, especially in the form of wreaths and garlands. Small pompon roses strung together are hung in festoons all over the skirts of tulle dresses, and the fashion is a peculiarly charming one for young girls. Velvet and cloth go admirably together, the velvet as a tunic or petticoat, with a repetition in the form of a sleeved bolero. The bolero, as rule, is apt to be a thought too rigid in its lines, but in one that is not there are turned back little fronts, softened by choux of chiffon just where such rosettes look their prettiest. The short velvet straps that bind the fulness of the vest in place are also very new, and the pre- cise curve of the tunic has only to be realised to be admired.

Your loving . JtYirri.

THE POLY PHON.

THIS YIARVELLOU ciMUSICAL INSTRUMENT will PLAY by ITSELF— CtockwoAt—thous:rds of Te nes. You can choose your own tunes.

--- Prices from 12g. 6d. to £25 Also GRAMOPHONES and PHONOGRAPHS—TaIking machines from Cs.

ARCHER & SONS St. GEORGb.'S CRaCENT op of Lord-ttreet), LIERPOD

r.YCLES CYCIAS i• ROYAL AJAX " are finezt value C.__:,ge paid. 30 per cent. cheaper Orin ea 3 where. Inunen;€. S:cc':, New and Secone-j-ien4. EASY TERMS FROM 10S,

MONTHLY,

OLD 'MACHINES EXCHANGED. 1900 ILLUSIRATED LISTS POST FREE. LARGE CYCLE RIDING SCHOOL.

THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUfIAiariTISG CO a 5, EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. CITY BRANCH : 23, MINCHESTRI-11-SaRRET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113, Anfield,

McDOUG.AI US PATENT SELF—RAISING VLOUR ITA"PAWY.

17: , , . + (t, ' -

\ '111111,7„'l• °-71(1, i,„„,.

1I t• 7. . drf ( '\ :( Wiji"teiv'ett • 1) . ti 43ts. )1-....- ..,,..,R,.., •PAttr 'liy, .• • i:0..c..,./ .v.- ..., ."--...• A.,..., - /-•• " n/ . ::•• 7 /11\ .j. " r is:t,

rZ ' \ . '''',, t • ,k‘,,, r,..pi,, \ \• : i 1 ; \\ll c\ ~.., f.„) r , '.,1i,,, ,1, , '; 1, // ,i• /, ' ~,, ,;'-'..1./ fj, \\'','\ \ , '••//,• \ ' \ •I '• \b - itA \ , ‘• ;...-

===== 0002601_19000323_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The LATEST SUCCESS is Model 1500 A wonder- n ful Cos- I U LI tume for well cut made! ! shed!! has shapc CoP fltti loci!

===== 0002601_19000323_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The new Rotel yacht, which met with an alarming accident soon after her launch, does not appear to come up to expectation. The vessel, fitted, with all modern improvements, was designed to take the place of theold I Victoria and Altert, but it is doubtful it she will ever I be used for the purpose originally intended. In naval circled it is believed that she will be converted into an Admiralty yacht, to take the place of the present "En- chantress," which is alscesomewhat out of date, and too small for the requirements of the " rulers of the Queen's navee." In her forthcoming visit to Ireland, the Queen will cross St. George's Channel on board the " Victoria and Altert "and this yacht will probably continue to be ussd for any sea journeys undertaken by Her Majesty. The sympathy and beet wishes of the nation will go cut to Lady Roberts, who sailed the other day on board the Dunottar Castle for South Africa. Before leaving, the Quoen personally presented to Lady Roberts the Victoria. Cress, bestowed upon her son. the late Hon. Frederick Rotate, and though naturally rejoicine, over her husband's brilliant achievements, Lady Roberts is really bent upon the same mournful journey as took the ex-Empress Eugenie to almost the same spot in South Africa many years ago. The special object of Lads, Roberts' visit to South Africa is to se toe grave of her son,and the place where he so gallantly met his death. She is accempanied by her two daughters, the Ron. Aileen Roberts, and the Hon. Ada Roberts, and in view of the probable early termination of the war, the Commander-in-Chief will almost certainly jein his family before their return home. Lord and Laely Roberts have passed a happy ' married life, of over forty years. She is herself the daughter of a soldier. and Lord Roberts, though he was born at Cawnpore in 1832, is a member of a family that I'lB for gensratiens hen connected with the court y of Waterford in Ireland. The sale ot the Irish Industries Association which was opened the other day at he Mension House, London, by the Prince and Princess of Wales. has proved one of the most successful held by the Society. The Asiociation is not a charity, but an organisation which has been at work for over ten years, for promoting the sale of home made goods, such as laces, hosiery, embroideries, linen, honsespuna, friezes, and various other articles. It is very s miler to the Scottish Home Industries Association, which ie holdinr an exhibition and sale at Liverpool this month. For several years past, the Queen has invariably made considerable eurchases at these sales, in which many well mown members of society take an interest. There ought indeed to be no d.fficulty in securing a larger amount ef patronaue every year, seeing that the articles on sale really offer first class value for the money, and there is alav tbe inducement that the encouragement of these small industries is of great benefit to the indus- trious peasant. Machinery and education have of course done much to cripple many of the old cottage industries which were formerly carried on to a much larger extent in the country districts than is now the case. Many have been driven out by the cheap productions of the factory.with which the single pair of hands of the cottagers cannot hope to compete upon anything like a commercial basis. Nor is it altogether desirable' that they should attempt such conditions, as witness the unfavourable example of the Midland chainmakers.who,men,women,and children, turn their homes into small working factories. It may be true that only these cottage employments have any chance where the goods find a ready sale, and can com- pete with any offered in the market, but if we are to have the conditions of the factory, it would be better to have the factory itself, and SAY nothing more about cottage industrier There is still however, considerable scope for those goods which combine the useful with fancy and &Bette work, for vrhich there is always some Measure of demand. Education, and schools of art, have also tended to withdraw people from the more humble callings, and instead of following villaee industries, they often try to live by more amlntieus means fer which very often nature has denied them the necessary talents. Many aspire to go on the stage, or become authors, or follow some or other profession, with the result that large num- bers go to swell the vast army of unhappy incompetents, who, it was said with some truth many years ago, would be the outcome of higher education and schools of art. The popularity of the Scottish ballad " Annie Laurie, is no doubt lame'c due to the music to which it was set by Lady J. Scott Spottis wood, whose death at an advanced age has recently taken place. The third verse which is considered by many people to be the best, was also writton by this lady, the other two being attributed to Douglas of Finglaad. There seems to be no doubt that the " Annie" to whom the lines were addressed was a daughter of Sir Robert Laurie, Bart, and that she was born in 1682 at Maxwelton House. Traditon says that she was a very beautiful girl, and that young Douglas was in love with her, but she nvisried a pros- perous prosaic country laird with whom she lived "happily ever afterwards." The London Scottish Societies have just oreanized a cleat benefit conceit in honour of Miss Jessie Maclarh- lan, who is unrivalled in her exquisite rendering of the popular Scottish ballads. Miss M'lntyre is, of course, one of the most accomplished singers of the day,but Miss Maclachlan is often regarded as the pima donna of Sootland, from 13er intimate acquaintance and rendering of its national music. She cornea fr sin the west of Scot- land, and scered her first great success in Glasgow, with- out previously undergoing any special training. She is well known in Leaden, appearing always at the concerte of the Gaelic Society, and she has done much to encour- age tte study of ancient Gaelic scnga and airs. Miss Maclacblan is shortly leaving on a tour in the United , Slates, and the Co'onies, where she will be much appre- ciated by the large Scottish element which is everywhere to be found in those distant parte. s Every year a new fashion in trains is brought forward by leading modistes. Last spring we had the train transparent, which by the way, proved anything but a tuccess ; this year we haven the train bung from the waist, instead of the shoulders. With a deep pointed corsage, the train from the waist is undoubsedly most becoming, as was evidenced over and over again, at the recent Drawing Room. Sleeves remEin quite tight-fitting, with or without the epaulette, real or simulated. They are still worn very long, and cut in a point, over the hand. A. few bleeves lately en evidence, have a puff introduced at the elbow, and another At the top, which, leoks as thoueh reaction had get in. But it is early yet to say whether the tight sleeve is doomed. Possibly it will last out the summer. " MADGE."

ALL COUNTRY PROPUR should real 7e Rural Wald d. weekly, which contains articles on 14, sea, Cat le, thie Dairy, Poultry, Bees, Ilab`4lts, Pigs. Gardening, N 140. ai History, Botany ot the Farm and Garden, the Home, Foteizn and Colonial Intqligence. Anwers to Correspondents ea. It Is profu4elv illustaa' ed and is altogether. a most inte- est- •:ng and instructioe farming ani country pap2r. A gool re.te'll for termite nqui:ing situations. he offers to send a specimen free. The a(l,l7ess is 110 and alc, STA IND, LOlla .n, W.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
5 PAPER WHEN OR

Prompt Despatch, and

Satisfaction Guaran-

teed, or Cash refunded

These Costume. are Masterpieces of Good Value.

They are Tailor-cut and Fit • Perfectly. The Quality of the Cloths in which they are made cannot be surpassed in cattle (1) The John Noble Costume Coating is a very popular fabric, and gives great satisfaction, being light in weight and ,mooth in finish. (2) The John Noble Cheviot Surge is a cloth of excel:cot appesrance and marvellous wear; will not spoii with sun, rain, sea- -ater, or washing. -

===== 0002601_19000323_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TREASURER.

CLAIM AGAINST A FOOTBALL CLUB

Interesting Case at Warrington.

At the Warringt7n County Court last Thursday before his Honour Judge Gwynne-James, Frank Tayler Harrop, late secretary of the Lymm Football Club, claimed the sum of £s4s 10d due to him as per the balance sheet from William Mullard the treasurer, money expended by him on account of the club.—Mr. Graham, of Manchester, appeared for the plaintiff, and the deienciant was repre- sented by Mr. A. Browne. Mr. Graham, in opening the cage, said that the plain- tiff, during the season 1898-99 acted as secitetary for the Lytnm Association Football Club and the defendant acted as treasurer. During the course of the season the plaintiff expended various sums of money ie diichargicg his duties, for stamps, telegrams,fees paid to the League Ste. certain of which were paid back to him. Towards the end of the season he sent his account showing the balance still owing to him from time to time.an shortly before the general meeting the defendant requested him to send another account in. An account was sent to the defendant showing a balance ot £5 4s 84cl. The defend- ant prepared a balance sheet which he submitted at a meeting called on the 17rle April. and in that balance sheet was an item of £5 41 10d, expenses of st cretarv. This was nearly the amount of the claim sent in by the plaintiff. After the claim was sent in the secretary found he had made a mistake. There was only 11 ' difference between the amount on the balance sheet and that of the claim. It was shown on the balance sheet that there was a email balance in hand after making the payments. When the general meeting was held the , defendant read out the statement and plaintiff called I his attention to the fact that he had not received the money. Defendant said he would attend to the matter and let him have the money in a day or two. From that time plaintiff did not receive a farthing. The bal- ance sheet was audited and found correct.

Frank Taylor Harrop, the plaintiff, then gave evidence. Re said he had not received the amount claimed. He was present at the meeting when the balance sheet was read out, and told the treasurer that the accsunt was not paid. Defendant said he WOUld send him the money.

By Mr. Browne : He had been shown the receipts (produced) which he had given for the amounts rEceived by him, totalling £5 4310 d, which, however,had nothing to do with the claim.

His Honour (to plaigtiff) : Have you any documents allowing how the amount was made up ? Plaintiff produced a book containing a statement of how the money was expended. _ _

His Honour-; What-ynu are asking for is a sum other than this, which curiously enough makes up £5 odd.

Plaiatiff : Yes sir. _ In answer to his Honour, plaintiff said that he sent in an account before the audit took place.

His Honour said that the position was a somewhat curious one. A receipt had been given for £5 43 101 which undoubtedly defendant had received, which, ir; turned out had nothing to do with the claim. Prima facie the plaintiff had expended money b yond that. If Mr Browne did not dispute it then the question was whether the plaintiff could recover the amount. No evidence bad been given beyond that there was a small balance in hand, that the club had received any money which they could pay. Mr. Graham said that on no occasion was it sug gested--- His Honour: I cannot go into that. Mr. Browne: The committee have refused to pass the bill. His Honour asked to see the rules of the club.

Mr. Browne: There are no rules except those of the Manchester lengue ani that does not affect the ems at all.

His Honour : I think it does; because the club is affiliated with the League. _

Mr. Browne sa'd tbe—re was no rule with reference to the passing of the accounts by the commitee. His Honour: The treasurer has money which has to be expended for the purpose of peyment of the debts of the society. If it is proved to my satisfaction that the money is due from the soc'ety it is payable out of the money held by the treasurer. Mr. Browne: Sappos;ng the Committee would not pass the account. His Honour said the Club had no roles. If they ha. i a rule that accounts were not to be paid until Dassed by the committee the treast•rer could not pay Vl* money. Mr. Browne : We are sued for money mentioned in the balance sheet.

His Honour (to plaintiff) : What you are suing for is not included in the balance sheet. Mr. Browne said that it was stated in the claim " as per the balance sec t of the Lymai football Club." Ms Honour after 'plain reading the pal ticulars of the claim said that was so. He had net read it carefully at first. What they were suing for was the money which, peima facie was en the balance sheet as paid. Mr, Browne had producci the receipts showing that it was paid and the plaintiff trid admitted to hi.:n that the &menet in the ba:ance sheet was not the amount be was suir g for. W. Mullard, the defendant, gave evider ce. He said be was Clerk to the Lvnarn Urban District Council and treasurer to the football club. tie produced the accoont3 fcr the season 189 t 9. There was an item, secretary's postage, stationery, and printinz, £5 4s 10d, and the receipts produced were for that amount. In answer to hi 3 Honour, witness said that so far as he knew there wa 3no other account owing to the plain- tiff at the time of the audit.

_ His Henour : It ;s quite correct that what ho is c:aim- ing_for .(ew ii uot included in they) recitTti.

'Mr. Grainll : No, sr.

Hie Horner, in slimming ue slid thee, the cle..im was for money expended by the plaintiff as in the balance sheet of the Lvmm Association Foetball Cub. The balance &beet bad been put in and included an item, print, advertising, stetionery, end poetaeo by secre- tary, £5 4s 30s. That wee the precise sum the nlaintitf was new seeking to recover. He had therefore t) bring evidence to the effect that that particular sum men- tioned in the balance sheet had not been paid. Now it had been shown by the bills that had been put in that that particular item hid been paid for the puiposes stated. That being so the plaintifl'a case entirely failed. In the witness box he was pethctly agreed that the sum he was seekiug Co recover was not the atm in the balance shepts at all and it clearly was not. He (his honour) had seen particulars of what was claimed and it WtS clear that none of those particulars had reference to the amount in the balance sheet, That sum had been passed by the auditors ore production of receipts in tte ordmare way. The reeeipte had been shown to him and he came to the conclusion that they correspended with the amount on the balance sheet. Therefore the plaintiff could not recover that sum as per balance sheet as it had already been paid. The claim failed en a somewhat Lochnical point. He would g;ve judgments, for the defendent with costs. Mr. Browne mentioned that the committee intended to pay plaintiff's account and if he would present it, it would be passed by them.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOCKA- FROCK

Madg in strong Se. with saddle- top. f sleeves and pocket. Lengths and 21 24 27 .30 331 1/6 2/- 26 31-3'6 36 39 42 45 in, 4/- 416 5,1- 56 ea. Lengths are from top of neckbard to edge of skirtin front. Carriage, 46. extra. CAP (as

sketch),l). Postage 2d

===== 0002601_19000323_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

STEVE, THE OUTLANDER.

BY ARTHUR LAYCOCK Author of "The Young Gaffer," "Seaside Sketches,7

"Lancashire Sketches," &c.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS : Steve Hart, a factory operative, in love with Ella Rayburn, another factory hand. is compelled by the maliciousness of young Cartleigh, the factory manager, to leave his post. He determines to go to South Africa. Cartleigh intends, meanwhile, to win Ella from him. As scon as Hart has gone Cartleigh lays his plans, and seeks Ella's company in and out of work hours. By his disgraceful course of life he has alienated his parents, but, spurred by his pursuit of Ella, he determines to reform out- w-"iv so as not to be cast off by them.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VII.

Left to himself Ralph fell into contemplative mood and reviewed his position.

"Perhaps it will be best for me to remain here a bit longer. There's my charmer in the weaving- shed, and I must see her. Then I must make my financial position stronger. The guv'nor's cut me out of his will, that I know. Well, that's no great calamity. His thousands would be little good to me if they made me as miserable as he is. If I'd an odd thousand I believe I would clear out and emulate that aspiring piecer, Steve, the Outlander I Ah! and that reminds me, I must be on my best behaviour for • a time. If the griv'nor turns out nasty and packs me off, and my pranks get talked about here, the dear little girl would doubtless be very much afraid of the black sheep of the family-. tip to now I fancy she regards me as most folks do—as the prospective heir to the Cartleigh riches. lam to her the factory-master's son, the superior person.' I must maintain that role. The villain of the piece' must be on his best behaviour and *mulate the good young man." So Ralph resolved that in the immediate future his conduct should be irreproachable, or, at least, as exemplary as he could ever expect it to be. He would frequent the Rose and Crown less. There was quite as snug a pub in Oldham that he knew of, and there he could sojourn and transact his business with the coterie of betting men with whom he had long been associated. He would also taboo the local coursing ground for a period; there was plenty of sport at the other grounds further away. Barrett, too, must not visit Dalesworth so often. He was not respectable-looking at his best; besides, the free-and-easy way he had addressed factory girls in the district, when he had chanced to encounter them in his walks with RalV_-.; had caused certain of the men folk to threaten pZAonal violence to both the factory-master's son and his companion. or oilier good reasons, also, Barrett must be kept away. "I'll ingratiate myself with pa and ma," said Ralph. "I'll attend church every Sunday and hear my beloved brother preach; I'll turn up punctually at work—horrid word I—every Monday morning; in short, I'll reform—perhaps ! " For he had considerable doubts as to the success of his efforts of reform.

His plan of campaign for securing the favour of Ella Rayburn was carefully considered and elaborated with the skill of a man well acquainted with human nature, particularly feminine human nature.

He perceived that too persistent attention to Ella Rayburn at this early stage would be impolitic, as the girl would doubtless resent his advances while she yet thought of her absent lover. A few weeks of complete loneliness would have due effect on her. She would yearn for company, for sympathetic society; she would fall permanently into the discontented state of mind which was manifested so plainly for a few moments on that Saturday night when the thought of her neglected, forlorn condition distressed her so much. _ _ _

_ So Ralph Cartleigh surmised, and, having such thorough knowledge of the feminine chttracter, he believed his surmises would be fulfilled to the letter. It was his boast that he knew as much of womankind as any fellow of his age. "And I'll know more of Ella Rayburn in six months than that fellow Hart would know in six years," he declared.

1- But he- would proceed with caution and so make more sure of his ground. He would see the pretty weaver lass at her work occasionally, but for a time would not even chat with her as heretofore. He would keep her well under view and see how isola- tion and loneliness affected her. Then at the ' right time he would come to her and be received , gladly. A cunning, clever, far-seeing plotter was he. Six weeks had elapsed since Stephen Hart left Dalesworth. At the end of this period Ella Rayburn received a letter from him, wherein he described the long voyage to the Cape, the life aboard ship, the people Whom he had encountered, the sights he had seen, with a brief account of his doings ashore since arriving in South Africa. Of his prospects and of his plans for the future he said but little ; indeed, in this respect, the letter was most disappointing to the recipient. No mention of gold or diamonds at all. Steve, how- ever, was confident and hopeful as ever. When it was known at the mill that Ella had received news from her lover she was questioned much by her workmates, and soon Steve's letter was the general topic of conversation. I -Ben, the warehouseman, encountering Ralph, and having a sly suspicion, strengthened by -his last conversation with the manager, that he was interested in such gossip, began: I "I've heard at Steve Hart's landed at yon out- landish Afriky country, Mestur Ralph." I "Indeed 1" exclaimed the young man, asiuming an interested air. I "Yes, his lass yon has got a letter from him this mornin', an' • though she doesn't tell all 'at's in it —which isn't likely considerin' that it may be 'sandwiched with love-talk—still, she's told enough to make one understond 'at he's not shovellin' up soverins yet." "Time enough for that," said the manager. "He's scarcely landed yet, you know." "No; but as soon as he set foot ashore he ought to have picked a bit of gowd up, I should think, for it's theer on th' say-shore, I understond." "How do you make that out?" I ((Well," replied Ben, with Conscious pride, "I've bin readin' up a bit about Afriky since last I talked with you when you chaffed me about knowin' so little about outlandish forrin parts, an' I've come across th' words 'Afric's gowden strand.' That sounds reet enough, doesn't it ? " " Ok, but that is but 'a poetic view, merely figlirative language. You mustn't take that as literal fact, Ben." "Then who can one believe?" cried Ben, in amazement. "Who can one believe if not parsons se poets? I thowt they were both truthful sort o' folks." I Fareons were anathema to Ralph. He at once turned the conversation in another direction. "So the letter is disappointing, you think, Ben P" "Well, it seems so to me. But I dar' say t' other part 'at th' lass has no' told about, th' love-talk an' sich like; will be all right an' encouragin' enough for her. Love-sick folk can be satisfied wi' so little. But wait till they're wed, they'll see how badly off they are wi' nowt but love-talk. Fine words dunno butter no parsnips; they'll want summat more substantial then, summit with some weft in it. They'll want gowd then to buy food for th' little 'uns yammerin' about 'em, for thoose little two-legged conse- quences come in th' way of all weddin's. Yes, when they get to that pitch they'll happen be glad 0* silver or copper, never name gowd. I know, I'm wed mysel'. "You are a sceptic, Ben, without a particle of poetry in your soul." - "Au' a good job, too, I think, if poetry's as unreliable as you say. An' to think 'at I got thoose lines fro' a hymn-book 1 It caps all! Th' next time I want to know owt about th' g'ography of Afriky I'll not go to a poet for th' information, I'll tell you," and Ben waddled off. "So she's received a letter from him, eh?' mused Ralph Cartleigh, as he sauntered towards the weaving-shed. "And it appears to be a rather disappointing epistle according to Ben's tale. I think I'll call to see her to-night. She should ' be getting in the right mood to appreciate my friendly overtures now." He passed into the weaving-shed and stood for a moment at the end of the alley where Ella was busy at her looms. The weaver lass looked up and caught the eye of the cunning fellow as he leered at her musingly and then passed on. That night Widow Rayburn was greatly surprised by a visit from the factory-master's son. At the time the busy dame was rattling her smoothing- iron over the white, shiny linen on the kitchen

table. The aavent or tne important visitor was the signal for sudden suspension of work. "Come formrd, kestur—Mestur Ralph," cried tthe widow, leaving her hot iron to scorch the lineu while she pulled out a chair and carefully due.cl the seat with her apron. _ _

"You must excuse th' house bein' upset, Mestur Cartleigh. It's bin washin' day, you see." She adroitly thrust out of sight the scorched linen and the smoothing-iron, then quickly set the housis in order. Ralph looked round for the chief object of his visit, and the widow, who was mean- while observing him as she bustled about, inter- preted the inquiring look. "Our Ella's just gone out. Did you want to see her?"

"Well, yes," returned Cart/eigh, "I happened to be passing, so thought I would pay you a visit. I've often told Ella that I should come to see you." He could not call her "Miss Rayburn" in her mother's presence. He knew, also, that the widow would be much flattered by this familiar reference to her daughter. "You've just done right to call and see us, Mestur Ralph, though we're nob'dy much to see, but all dacent folks are welcome here, I say. It's seldom 'at we're honoured with gentlefolks comin' a-seem' us."

She fussed and bustled around, clearing away every vestige of the "washing," which a few moments before appeared to litter the whole place. "Our Ella will be back directly, I expect. She's just gone to th' post-office with a letter. Eh, these letters, Mestur Ralph! She got one this Irnin' that she's bin expectin' for weeks, an` now 'at it's come nowell do but she must answer it at once."

"P'erhaps it was a letter from some particular friend ? " observed Cartleigh, seeking to draw the widow on to make further disclosures.

"Well, it was, in a way," she answered. "It was from Steve Hart, I may tell you. You'll know him well enough, but you'll happen not know 'at him an' our Ella's bin keepin' comp'ny." "I have heard something of it," he remarked, in a tone of ill-concealed displeasure. "Well, I don't know as there's anythin' much in it," said the widow, significantly. "Young folks keep comp'ny nowadays without much ides of owt comin' of it. Our Ella reckons to have a bit of a likin' for Steve sometimes, an' then again at other times she doesn't seem to know her own mind on th' matter."

Mrs. Rayburn now seated herself in her "couch cheer" opposite her visitor, and seemed disposed to chat confidentially. . _

"It isn't for me to meddle with our Ella's affairs, Iltiestur Ralph, but I must say that if I'd my way she'd have nowt no moor to do with Steve Hart. I• tell her many a time 'at she owt to do better for hersel' nor wed a ord'nary fact'ry lad; not as I despise fact'ry folk at all. Nor I wouldn't mind if Steve had made a dacent position for hissel', but to bother with a chap that's five- an'-twenty year owd an' has no', I'll be bound, five-an' twenty pound in all th' world to bless hissel' with, well, to bother with such-like is silly work, I say." After this lengthy speech she paused for breath, then, stroking out the creases from her white apron and looking up at her vis-à-vis occasionally, she resumed:

"She's fit for someone better nor a fact'ry lad, is our Ella, though it's me as says it, that p'raps oughtn't to. But I say it again, for I don't want my lass to throw hersel' away on some'dy as can- not give her a better position in life nor I've bin able to give her." Hearing this Ralph Cartleigh looked keenly at the woman to see if he could discover whether she had such as he in mind as a likely suitor for her daughter's hand. Widow Rayburn, however, now kept her face averted, directing her gaze on her plump hands still mechanically moving over her lap. p'raps not right," she proceeded, "that one should wish to have their child in a diff'rent position in life to what they've allus bin brought up to; but every mother wants to do th' best for her dowter an'- Hulloa, here she is 1-"

Any further confidences she might have been dis- posed to entrust her visitor with were now put aside as Ella entered the house.

The girl uttered an exclamation of surprise when Ralph Cartleigh rose to greet her. "Good evening, Miss Rayburn. kept my resolve." Any annoyance Ella might have felt was instantly dispersed by his cordial speech and amiable, courteous manner., He gallantly offered his chair to her and drew forward' another, and side by side they sat together. "There now, you look a gradely nice couple," the widow exclaimed, admiringly. "You're just like a couple of-" "Mother 1" cried the girl, reprovingly. Mrs. Rayburn discreetly withdrew and they were left alone. For long they chatted together in an easy, careless fashion, Ella forgetting all else except that she was feeling supremely happy under the admiring gaze of the factory-master's son. Though 'twas but one short hour since she wrote her letter to Steve, he was quite absent from her thought now. Every moment Ralph Cartleigh felt that he was gaining more complete mastery over her. 'She was as pliable in his skilful hands as he could wish, and without effort he moulded her to his will. When he suggested a walk through the fields, she willingly concurred. Far from being abashed in his presence, as she had been on the last occasion, she now felt quite •at ease, and chatted naturally and 'vivaciously with him.

You see, I have

"A complete victory," said Ralph Cartleigh, con.' gratulating himself on his success. When they parted company two hours later, each declared that they had passed an enjoyable time together, and when Ralph proposed that Ella should accompany him to Buxton on the" Wakes" trip, she was half inclined to fall in with his wish.

• But I'll not promise to-night, Mr. Cartleigh,* she said at parting. "I'll see next week." Frail, fickle Ella! When "next week" came, she had fully made up her mind on the matter, and promised to go with Cartleigh ; and thus became further entangled in the net he had spread out to ensnare her

===== 0002601_19000323_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19000323_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VIII.

The annual weekly summer holiday, or "Wakes " as it is locally termed, was the red-letter week of the year to Dalesworth people. It was looked forward to with undiminished eager- ness by the young folks, and, as the happy time drew nigh, much speculation was rife in factory, mine, and workshop as to how, and where the holiday should be spent. Some would plan a whole week's visit to the seaside, others would be content with a week-end at such places, others again, with lighter purses, would patronise the day excursion. Ella Rayburn was of the latter class. To sport at the seaside for a full week would have delighted her greatly; but as she and her mother spent a goodly portion of their income on dress and personal adornment, the amount available for holidays was in consequence small.

Ella preferred to exhibit her finery to her imme- diate neighbours, rather than display it on the pier at Blackpool, where, however splendid her attire might be, she would assuredly be outmatched by scores of the wealthy ladies who frequent that fashionable over-sea promenade. When she met Ralph Cartleigh at Dalesworth Station at 8 a. m. on Thursday of Wakes-week, she was attired in a tasteful pink gown, neat-fitting and stylish, which shewed off her trim figure to perfection. The soft warm colour faintly tinged her usually pale cheeks, and the delicate, peach-like bloom was very becoming. Cartleigh decla‘red that she was "charming—a veritable blushing Juno." The journey to Buxton was exceedingly pleasant, and the time passed merrily with the twain. Ralph was in excellent spirits, and made himself especially pleasing to his companion, who, on her part, re- sponded gaily to his humour. The greater part of the day was spent in visiting the show places of Buxton. and promenading about the town. Late in the afternoon Cartleigh suggested a drive into the country. Ella pointed out that their train was timed to return act seven o'clock. "Oh, that's all right," said the young man. "We're not particular to an hour or so." "But I would like to go back by that train; it will be quite late enough," she said. "Very well. But we can manage to have a run round, and still be back in good time." Re had no intention, however, of returning in *tine to catch the excursion train.

They stepped into a landau, and Oartleigh • -•acructed the driver to proceed to a • village some miles distant. As the vehicle bowled along the I?zet-scented country lanes and through the shady avenues of mighty trees, Cartleigh, who had been facing his fair companion, seated himself at her side.

"You are enjoying this very much; now, aren't you ? " "Oh, yes, I am," she replied, enthusiasticalli Tt i<l glorious. But we mustn't miss our train."

11".1.77nr—Ideed," he returned, in mock seriousness. , e "That would be a dreadful calamity:, wouldn't it? ; We should have to charter a special. I'm sure . they'd oblige us with one." i She laughed heartily at his badinage. ; ift "Besides, if we couldn't get back, the fair 1 excursionist wouldn't be afraid of being left wit ; g me, would she ? " _ ,1

lie passed his arm round her waist as he glanced slyly into her face. She tried to release herself, but in vain; and after feeble protestation, playfully scolded him for his forwardness.

Suddenly, as the carriage swept through a dark avenue, the young man bent over her and imprinted a passionate kiss on her cheek. This roused her to violent anger, and, in an agitated, tremulous voice, she expostulated with him; and, calling to the driver, she peremptorily ordered him to turn back. The fellow, not in the least disconcerted by the incident, smiled at the girl's protest, and drove on. "I'll jump out of the carriage if he doesn't turn back at once!" cried Ella, now flashing pre from her moist eyes. Cartleigh quietly instructed the driver to return to Buxton, and sought by all the wiles of which he was possessed to appease the righteous wrath of his angry companion. But the girl was obdurate and sullen, and, for a bine, was totally impervious to the advances made towards her by the wily Ralph. When the town was reached, they stepped from the vehicle, and Cartleigh suggested that they should have tea.

"I want nothing," said Ella "except to be left alone. Go away from me, or I shall strike you!" "Oh, she's a vixen," said Cartleigh to himself. “I must be wary—of her; but she'll not beat me. I've seen her kind before."

A church clock near by was striking the hour of six.

"Come now, we must have something to eat," he said, coaxingly. "It is an hour yet to train-time. I'm famished, and I'm sure you are." They came to a cosy-looking tea-room, and the clink of cups and saucers caused Ella to turn her head aside and glance into the place. "Come, we'll go in here!" said Cartleigh, and before she had time to remonstrate, he had led her inside.

A cup of fragrant tea, with dainty tit-bits, had a most soothing effect on the ruffled girl. She allowed herself to be drawn into conversation again, and, in a cautious, sly way, Cartleigh chaffed her con- siderably. The return journey was not as enjoyable to the couple as the outward one. Ella relapsed into a sullen mood again, and her companion rebuked himself for his impetuosity and lack of discreetness. Nevertheless, he had such confidence in his own powers that he believed he could soon recover the ground he had temporarily lost. As he left her this night, he assumed a contrite and humble demeanour, expressing regret for his unfortunate slip. "It was foolish of me, Miss Rayburn," he said; "and I really don't know why I did it. I must have been---ah intoxicated, yes, intoxicated with love • but, hang it t anyhow, I couldn't help myself; I really couldn't." Ella listened to him in silence. 'All her protests had been made; she wouldn't repeat them. But she was determined not to run further risks.

"You'll forgive me, Miss Rayburn, now, won't ycT ? " - -

"Yes, I will, but—l shan't go out with you agaivi, Mr. Cartleigh." "What! Not again ? " "No; never!"

Her tone was convincing, but Ralph Cartleigh knew her frailty better than she herself did, and the words fell lightly on his ears. That was a sorrowful night for Ella. Long after she had retired she lay awake gazing out at the stars, with distracting thoughts harrowing her fickle heart. Visions of the bright morning passed before her; the merry ride on the train to Buxton, in company with her vivacious companion, the fair scenes of Derbyshire, the happy outing culminating in that unfortunate country drive. Then the stinging; stabbing thought that Ralph Ckrtleigh had kissed her, and she was the girl who had pledged her love to another—that other far away across the sea suffering and toiling for her—for her who had given herself up to this day's horror! Her better nature rebelled against the falsity. sobbiug. in distraction, she vowed that never again

would he compromise 'herself. She would be true to Steve. What though she would be lonely? What mattered it that she would be subjected to :he taunts of the girls? She would not heed them. 3he would think of Steve, and for his sake would 3uffer a little. Oh, what would Steve think if he knew that that man, above all others, had assumed such power over her? Sleep, welcome sleep, with sweet oblivion came to her release, and when morn broke the drowsy girl, awakening at her mother's call, dimly recalled the incidents of the previous day, and felt that she had been troubled with a "bad dream." And' soon the "bad dream" passed from her memory, for Ella's was not the mind to store up unpleasant recollections.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000323_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
(To b. continued.) WHAT IS "LA GRIPPE ?"

LA GRIPPE is the ri-Ime the French gave to that dreadful ciisesse, INFLUENZA, becaus:r! once in its grip, and you required all the power you could obtain in the shap of care and skill to pull you through. A cpld is invaribly the beginning, so kill the noir!, and ycu won't have INFLUENZA. A few dcses of Lavarts Lung Lit obis will deal with the cold in a ny,st summary manner i: will clear it out of your system. and you will be rid of the risk ot Broncktitis and Consumption. If you have a 'ncking in the Thr,a,t, gt. rid oF it by taking one, only one dose of Lavans Lung LinctuA, as if ycu neglect your rehored throat yr.o are simply in siring an ulcerated throat, and several days, if not weekf, abseare from business. Lsvans Lung Linen" the certain cure for all Thrr.a", Lung, cr. Chest Complaints, is sold by al: Chemists, Patent Nle'FC.ine Vendrra, and Co-lperative St,res. at is. lit, 2s. 9d ano 44. 61., or the p-oprie.ors. Gre-n And Co.. Chenti,ts, Bolton, will send, vst iree, tor those figures.

Elastic Stockings. Surgical Bandages. Abdominal Belts. BUY THEM FROM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITT-1 & SC)INIS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at, a lower pica than any other firm In the trade. - -

ESTABLISHED 1866.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEP

===== 0002601_19000323_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD 'I74IOLKS.

Like Diamonds they're very scarce, but they're very precious. Wuat a p:i vilege to emjoy the society of a truly good man ; what a greater privi- lege still to have the love of a truly good wan' Well does Shakespeare eulogise the latter in tee Ideal Wife," And I as rich in having such a jewel, as twenty seas if all their sands were pearls, their waters nectar, and the rooks pure gold." Of -course they're not all as good as that. A raspy ioifd, bachelor has said " Women are like pilehards ; when they're good they be only middling, and v.'hen they're bad they be bad sure enough!' Another soured Benedict has said" If women were little as they're geed, a pa akin would make these a gown and a hood." A wise eld friend of mine used to say " Few men know how to manage a woman." And he was near the truth. Of seurse some women won't be managed. They're like Teiri Tornkin's deg who whined when he was loose, aid howled when he was tied up. All good folks, an their wives, husbands, friends, poor relations, At., who suffer from Indigestion, Wind en the Stomas's, Liver Complainze, Sick fleadaohe, Ceetivenoss, Nervous Debility, Palpitation of the Heart, Bilious - new, &c., should take rage Woodcock's Wind PHIS§ and thus be classed among the" Good A Lay Preacher, a Farmer residing near Wisheelso suffered a martyrdom free* Indigestion, Wind ea the Stomach, See. All other remedies having :failed he consulted several London Physicians, but ell to no purpose. His case appeared hopeless. Seeing an advertisement of Page rioedceek's Wind PHIS, be resolved to give them a trial. The results were little abort of a miracle. He new enjoys exeellent health. We will send this gentleman's narne.,and address on le ceipt of a PdA Card:

Every nard-driven- b-u-si-JeS;;;an, every tired, weary house-wife, every sv,.rking wan and wcruan, often prevented by their working conditions from taking sufficient exerce, should take Page n'lod- cock's Wind Pills, an,, do it at once. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills aro sola by all Medicine vendors at le 114 and 23 9.i ; posl; .free for price by Page Woodcock, Lincoln,.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FIX ruREs AND SCORES.

POINTS FOR AGO S.pt. 2—St Helens a 9—Leigh h .4 16—Stockport Is 23—Rochdale Hornets a 6 7 30—Widnes is 6 5 7—Wigan a 14—Millom is ll 0 21—Salford a 21— CUMBERLAND V LANCASHIRE a LI7 0 7 28—Tyldesley h 22 4 4—Stockport a 4—LANCASHIRE v YORKSHIRE a 11—BroughtoR Rangers is 18—Oldham a 25—Birkenhead Wanderers h Dec. 2—Ltigh a 14 6 2—LANCASHIRE V CHESHIRE is L 6 ...0 0 9—Morecambe, a 13 5 23—Bt 'Mena is g 11 26—(Boxing Day) Runcorn a 30—Swinton a Jan. I—Hull is 6 0 6—Tyldesley a ll 3 13—Swinton is 20—Salfor1 h 2 1 27—Runcorn is Feb. 3—Broughton Rangers a l3 10 17—Widnes a 7......10 21—Oldham is 24—Rochdale Hornets is lO 0 Maron 3—Althorn a s—Wigan is - 10—NIore c a rn b e h 17— St Helens a (Cup Tie) 6...... 0 24—Goole h (Cup Tic) 31—Cup Tie April —Open

Nov,

===== 0002601_19000323_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Poitaff• pen AGO Sept. 2—Wigan a 6-4winton h ' 9—Broughton Rangers h 16—Widnes h 5 0 23—Oldham a 3 2 25—Tyldesley a 23 ...... 2 Oct. 7—Tyldesley h 2l 0 14—Stockport a ' 0 21—Leigh h ...... 0 28—Cheshire v Yorkshire a C 9 Y 2 Nov. 4—Altrincham h 57...... 2 11—Millom h 18—Altrincham a ' 13 8 25—Salford 11 Dec.. 2 -Cheshire v Lancashire a 9—Rochdale Hornets a 8 O. 16—Stockport h 13...... .' 23—Miilorn a 26—Warrington h 3 . 30—Leigh a 0...... 0. jan. I—Broughton Rangers a 13—Rochdale Hornets tt 8 20—Swinton h 27—Warrington a ll 0 Feb. 3—Wigan h 17—St. Helens h 21—Salford a - 3

24—St. Helens a !Jar. 3—Widnes a 10—Oldham h 3 0 17—Birstall h (Cup Tie) 42 0 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie 26- 21- 28—(Cup Tie)

===== 0002601_19000323_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBLILL CLUB. _- FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTEI_, 4 FOR AO' ept .-3111lom h 20.- 0 9.-St Helens a E, 3 v 16.-Runcorn a 23. -Broughton Rangers h ll ...... 0 30.-Vllarrinu ton a 5. ..... Oct 7.-Oldham h 14 -Swinton h ...... 10 21.-Wigan a 2. -St Helens h V 5 5 Nov 4.-Lancaster a 3 ..... 0 11.- Cyldesley a 18.-Millom a 0 ...... 0 25.- Tyldesley h Dec 2.-Altrincham h 26 .l 9.-Leigh a 8 S 16.-Salford a , 3 ..... 11 23.-Rochdale Hornets a 8 ..... 8 30.-Stockport a Jan 1.- Swinton a 6.-Morecambe ll ........ 5 13.-Oldhatn a 20.-Broughton Rangers a 5 ...... 8 27.-Wigan h ...... 2 Feb 3.-Salford 5 10...... 3 17.-Warrington h 0 24.-Stoc vt krt h Mar 3.-Runcorn h 5 6 10.-Leigh h 17.-Outwood Church a (Cup rei9) 24 0

ST. HELENS FOOTB AIL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

S ROINT FOR A.C4 Sept. 2—Wlrrington h 9—Widnes h 3 16—Swinton h 23—Laneast.r home. 30—Broughton Rangers a Oct. 7—Rochdale Hornets a 14—Wigan h 21—Stockport h 28-28—Widnes 6... ........... .... 3 ... 5 Nov. 4—Wigan a .. 0 .. 611 Salford h 18—Tyldesley h Abdo"- 25—Stockport a 6....... 3 2 —Tyldesly h Dec. 9 —Oldham h 23—Warrington a 25—Broughton 'Rangers, Ii ........................ 13;01 26—Millorn h i 30-1 yldesley a 14...... 0, Jan. I—Leigh h i,' 6—Swinton a 2 13—Millom a 20—Rochd.1e Hornets, h Feb. 17—Run2orn, a 0 ...... 0 24 —Runcorn h 27—Leigh a 0...... 35 Mar. 3—Oldham a 6...... „ 10—Salford a 17—Warrington h (Cup tie) _..--

• EVERY WOMAN Should k,etnl two stamps for our 32 pa.ie Illustrated o°,o containing valuable information of how all Irregulat ea and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or rernov by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicif‘eg ad the only Sate, Sure and Genuine Remedy. fails. Thousand:: of genuine unsolicited Testinio"oo from all over the World.—l'. BIANCTIART DAiStOll-'5 London.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19000323_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
••:•

: wroiogigigtbsstsm._ ,

===== 0002601_19000323_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Evz hutch SRI Mille

===== 0002601_19000323_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
..3 ..14 .. 0 . 6 b 0

===== 0002601_19000323_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
i 3 ~. 2 ... 5 ... 8 '6 o

5 ": 6

00oIg aove, iOL iciatu; Nevq

• PLEASANT PARAGRA_PHSI EVERY married man realises that he talked too touch during his engagement. SHB"They say that man Chatterton has a double" He " Yes ; you know nusfortunes new come single." PANcY what a frightful gap there would have beers i A n the Welsh language if the letter “1" had never been invented! TuE SAME TMNG.—" Look here. Did you say Was a liar?" demanded tlie angry man. "Calm Yourself, sir. What I said was that you had mis- taken your vocation. You ought to have been a diPlornBt2i TIIE POINT OP AnsonrrioN. —" Mrs. Van crawl's society novel is out. It's a little prosy in the first chapters, but when you get near the mid- dle the -Sot thickens.); ; that's where I atuck in IG." TIIE CIIARMS OP DANGER.—" Danger," says the 13h1losopher, " seeins to exercise a never-ending fascination over .the minds of men. It leads some to attempt the conquest of hitherto inaccessible mountains and leads others to commit matri- monv.s, CIIICKEN".—Mrs. Tacidells : "Let's see tisi ! e Dimling is about twenty years old, isn't she?" Wiffies : "Susie Dimling twenty ! Susie imling will never see twenty again if she lives to be eighty." LITTra: MRS. JUSTWED : "And, do you know, My husband never thinks of so much as going for a Scuttle of coal without first kissing me.', Old M-rs• Ho krnbea : "In about two years, my dear, YOU may consider yourself lucky if he gets the

WIIAT AILED GOSLIN. —Trivvet : " Goslin is quite ill." Dicer: "'What ails him? It can't be Werwork." Trivvet : "No, it isn't overwork. Out a week ago I heard him confess that he had in idea, and I incline to the belief that he has overthoug,ht himself." A SEP.VANT who can get. a better place is not Inuoll to be blamed if she refuses to live in a quar- relsome family. Housekeeper (in pursuit of a 00k): "Why did you leave your last place?" Cook : I couldn't stand the dreadful way the zn,_ aster and missus used to quarrel, mum." House- • : "What did they use to quarrel about?" `-'oolt : "The way the dinner was cooked, mum." I• 3AGLEY : "Only a little party, my dear boy. Mrs. Bagley insists upon your coming." Pon- -8131.1by : " With pleasure." " That's right. And er—by the way, you play the flute; .1- believe?" " Yes; shall I—" "Leave it at home? You have anticipated my very words, Yes, 'by all means."

---- -U'ARE KINDNESS. —Eminent Physician's Clerk: " Shall I make out Mr. Younghusband's bill and send it to him?" Eminent Physician (a man with a soft heart) : "Well no; not vet. He seems to be in a seventh heaven over tlie arrival of that baby, and I hate to intrude on his innocent joy."

FULL-GROWN.—Mr. Rafferty, when he suddenly Fame into a fortune, thought that his new position ln life required him to wear kid gloves; so he went into a hosier's for the purpose of purchasing, a • " Pin afraid, sir," said the shopman, "that ,e haven't a pair of kids large enough to fit you." Thin give me a pair av goats !" said Pat. DROPPING OFF.—" Where is your father liv- ?” asked the lawyer of a witness. "He's dead, sir ; dropped off very suddenly, sir." "How re..,arne he to drop off suddenly ? " "Foul play, sir. e sheriff imposed on his unsuspicious nature, en"; and getting him to go on a platform to take look at a select audience, suddenly knocked a }, , door from under him, and he died., sir." The lawyer was satisfied. A CLOCK MYSTERY.—Squire: "Why, Hodge, Your clock must be wrong; it's surely not half- past three?" Hodge: "No, sor. it's now about teU minutes to one." Squire: "How on earth do Yon make that out? The hands show half-past tree." Hodge "Well, sor, that 'ere clock ain't yin touch'd, 'cept winding, since fayther's time, .11d we've got used to it like. You see"—point- mg to dial-plate—" when th' short hand points at three, and the long un's at eight, and that strikes 3iXo then we know it's one o'clock." WHEN Emerson visited Carlyle in London, he expressed doubts of the personality of the devil. carlyle took him to see many of the "shows" of the metropolis asking him, as they issued from each reeking lane Oiled with the shouts of intoxi- Zt fl ted and women, whether he bad not changed Comtn")11- At last they arrived in the House of lery, are' i",l as they sat in the Stranger? Gal- lilfling to some orator's rigmarole, Carlyle y punched his friend in the ribs and asked, "Do ou believe in a deevil noo ?'' n A PROSY SPEECH.—The French Chamber was ot always famous for the excitement and turmoils of its debates. In the old monarchical days before the Revolution, the sessions of the old Chamber were dull and prosy affairs. One day, it is related, a noble count was trying to make a speech, and a very prosy speech it was, while all the other members were either chatting or resting. Pre- sently the president of the body rapped slightly With his baton. "If those gentlemen who are talking to each other," said he, "would kindly make no more noise than those gentlemen who -axe snoring, it would be much appreciated by those gentlemen who are trying to listen to the peaker !" DIPLOMATIC. First Guest! "Hi ! Waiter, open that window, please. I can't stand this heat." Waiter: "Yes, d'rectly, sir !" (Opens the window). Second Guest (a little later) : " Waiter, there's draught enough to give you a death of a cold. Do shut the window." Waiter: " Yes, sir." (Shuts the window). First Guest: (46 Waiter, are you mad? What have you closed window- for? Open it again this minute!" siter "Very good, sir." (Goes to the land- lord). "One of the gentlemen wants the window "Pen, and the other warts me to shut it. What am I to do, sir?" Landlord: "Do what the gen- tleman says who hasn't dined yet, of course." How TIIE CHINESE JOKE.—A Chinese gentleman thinks it beneath his dignity to manufacture his "4.11 witticisms. When he goes into society, he carries into his pocket a packet of prepared witti- i.eisms and repartees. When conversation flags, and 'e Perceives an opportunity of saying something brilliant, he draws a humorous remark from the . toll of his packet and hands it to his neighbour With great gravity. The latter as gravely reads and selecting from his bundle of repartees the °Tie which is appropriate, returns it with a bow to the original joker. The two then smile in a courteous and undemonstrative way, and resume their conversation, feeling they have acquitted themselves with conspicuous brilliancy. A MILITARY MARVEL.—He was an old soldier— in both senses of the phrase—and, seated in the Parlour of the village inn, was favouring the assembled company with reminiscences of the battlefield. "I remember," he remarked, after a hearty pull at the pewter, "being at Talavera in 54. Ah ! there was pretty hot work that day, lads,•l can tell you. The Roosians had got two batteries playin' on our battalion as we advanced at the double, an' the balls were fallin' all round us like hail. The captain of my company was leadin' us, sword in hand, an' cheerin' on to charge the batteries, when a ball knocked his head clean off his shoulders. I reached him in less than a minute, and as he fell he looked towards me an' said, 'Corporal, bury me just where I stand ; ' and we did it that night, after taking the battery, With all funeral honours possible under the circum- stances." bouBLE-CHARG ED.—An old sportsman named eorge Shaffer had been out shooting, and was r'iling home with his bag empty, and weary, when ',stopped at a tl-house for a moment's rest. • here's a fine lot of ducks back here in the pond," he to the toll-gate keeper. "What will you Ine tire into them for?' "Can't do it," re- the toll-man. "I don't want to have my bucks killed." George put his gun in the toll- ;1°118e, and walked back to have another look at • e ducks. When he was gor.e, the artful toll- taian drew the shot from the barrel, and then re- aced the gun. George returned, and then 'enewed the question. "Well," said the toll-man, • though you are a good shot, 1 don't believe you t'uld hurt them much. Give me your money, and You may fire." The money was paid, and quite a Party who had gathered round went back to wit- tiess George's discomfiture. He raised the gun, '".rd, and killed nine of the ducks. "The deuce I" erled the toll-man. "I took the charge out of Your gun.,, yes," said George, "I supposed You would. I always go double-charged." IciTemiN RANGES, Ine ttraEtr,and Chimney Pieces "Re Stock—.J. S Gh.Rta. ,D,l-onmonger,Bridv-st. Ada LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds allays irritation. Gives immediate relief.—Advt. USEFUL PRESENTS of every description, See Win- "w•—J. S. GARLI-No Ironmonger. Bridge-Bt.—Advt. LINSEED 00.14P017 ' (Trade Mark) gives ex- Paeto °nlYration without strain. 90.. 130. Sold by Chemists .—Advt. }MST Boors iro ALL, UNDER TEE CLOCX.—ie v UMER THR CLOCK FOR GOOD 1300T5.—Advt ,MllB, Oil stove?. I.l.ilte Stoves, J. S. GARLAND, " uo, and 55, Bridge-street 'Warrington. —ddvt

===== 0002601_19000323_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/0

===== 0002601_19000323_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLVERS LIST.

_ Previous Prob. Total score No 75. Pte E Ogden, Warrington ....... - ..............111 2 113 T Rickers, arrington .... 111 2 113 G Rowe, Warrington ..... 2 105 , W Massey, Warrington-- ..... -......101 2 103 W Darlington, Penketh....... 101 2 103 J Evans, 2 103 J Focien, Warrington ....-.............100 2 102 A Rutter, Warrinv.ton .....-............. 93 2 95 "E JP" Warrington.......... ....... 91 2 93 J Green. Warrington-- _9O 2 92 " C P,"Warrington ..... 85 2 87 A Banner, Warrington ..... W Rigby, Warrington ..... 45 2 47 W Hewitt, Warrington .... A Gabriel, Stockton Heath ...... 33 2 35 T Broomhall, 30 2 32 J. J. Wright, Warrington W E Bean, Warrington... 18 18 H Powell, Warrington .-....-....- l3 2 15 E Donaghy, Warrington ........ 7 7 T Gould, Warrington ..... 4 2 F Frangleton, Warrington ..... 4

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this comp3tition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draughts equal to the value of ss. instead of cash prizo, by notifying the Draughts Editor.

In connection with the above competition we offer a monthly prize of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing hiais,=lf at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winnPrs' score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the next months competition. The winner may re- enter the tourney it he chooses, commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows : Two for the correct solution of a prob- lem ; two for correcting the author's terms, one for showing a dual solution or a dual key-move, and one for showing a dual continuation at any stage in the solution.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWS OF THE GAME.

1 T. - - ISIT CF THE ENGLISH CHAMPION TO - WARRINGTON. On Monday and Tueday last Willie Gardner, the English champion, and champion Blindfold Draughts-Player of the world, gave an exhibition of scientific draughts playing in Cairo-st. schools. On Monday evening Mr Gardner gave an exhibition of simultaneous blindfold playing, a feat which popularises Mr Gardner wherever he goes. Twelve of the strongest local players were selected to do battle with the champion, but the result was a large majority for the single player. Mr F Dunne kindly officiated as caller. Mr Gardner frequently elicited applause by running up the moves in several of the games during the course of the even- ing, a performance which was fully appreciated by players and spentators alike. The following is the score made on Monday by Mr Gardner (blindfolded) against twelve of the strongest local players : mine. Draws. Wins 1 J Roberts 0 W Torakineon O J ConoPy 0 8 Tavlin 0 9 W Rigity 0 .. O B j Powell 1 „ O C Powell 0 ~ • 1 0 F Wright ........... ....... 0 . 0 s Alb.nsoo 1 " . 0 0 A Albinson 0 B Ogden 1 ~ 0 J Green _

1 4 On Tuesday evening Mr. Gardner engaged all comers simultaneously. During the exhibition of skill, he frequently amused the spectators by the neat "shots" which he occasionally brought off, The following diagram illustrates a neat shot which occurred on the board at which Mr. F. Wright was engaged. BLACK.

White (Gardner) to play, 20-16 13— 9 32-16 30-20 8-11 ii-2T 12-19 W wins.

The following is Mr. Gardner's score on Tuesday evening : Wins. Draws. 0 J Poberts 2 O D Plinsten O B W illa2ke 0 0 W Cummins 0 J arieves O F Wright 0 O W Tomlinson 1 O C Powell 0 0 A Rutter 0 R Eden O P Walsh 1 0 G Rowe 1

Mr. Gardner 1 2

- _ 0 6 22 LATCHFORD V CO-OPERATIVE SociruY.--Played at Latchford on Monday. score : Wins. LITCHPORD. Draws. CO-OP. SOCI,TY. Wine. * 0 A A,binson 0 S Albiuson 2 J Fairhurst 0 W Stye 1 T Albiuson. 0 E FdW 3 H Rieharaison 0 J Will;inson 0 J 13er 3 1 J Albinson 0 5 McHugh 2 J Backby 1 NV Unsworth 6 J Robinson 3 J B Wilkinson ......... 0 A Critchley 0 --

13 0 Is * Only one game V"Ved• . , When asking for (I)coa., insist on hvn a ; t., A.DBLTRYS sot only in Pa2kets and. Tins as other Cal-) t 3 are thou s u bst tutel fcr the sake of extra profit.—Advt (1)

===== 0002601_19000323_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19000323_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V

===== 0002601_19000323_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 7 C;

===== 0002601_19000323_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ae

===== 0002601_19000323_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0 * r

===== 0002601_19000323_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIN, FRIDAY, MARCH 23 1900.

WARRINGTON,

Appointment of a School Attendance Officer

. . At a special meeting of tho Scholl Attendanct, Committee, held on Tue day night, Police Constablo Henry Thouip•mn Kane wits. appointed assistant school att,qldance inspw!Or.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
I,4IARONGTON ASSOCIATION OF BANDS.

Mr T J Dawn ).21.eside at the annual meeting of this Asseciation held iu the e, ranee Chameer at the T iwn - Had oe mad y hag. Anaenge: those &leo present were Councillnr Sm rst, and;Mr J Taylor, with Mr B etha' 1 Wad • worth (hon seer. lAry, • AN N 17AL REPORT. Tee Hon. Secretary's replle; 'read as : —la presenting' the followine reryoite I bee' corially to thank the biedsm ,n of Warrinetou 4.7 w ln wllich thy have worked for the benefit of otk, townspeople. Daring this nest year there have been 51 .lerforalences, as against 145 'given last yeer. If a baud La not ap- peared on the sti.nd on tee date app)inted. to cause has this year always been found in th wearhertart) not (as, I believe, has been the case in some former yeao) because a bandmaster c Juld not get Les men together. The number of bands taking part in th • work of the Beeson has been eleven, as rgaireat nine last yea r,but one of them, Messrs. Monks, Hafl aed Co.'s, only gave what mi_eht be termed an open rehearsal on waste ground near S. Lake's Church, Liverpool-road, and received no pay for it. The performance seemed to be mcch en joyed by th large number of people preseet. Toe greet bulk of the work has fallen on the Volunteer, Borough, League of the Cross, ;led St. Paul's Bands, who have amone them liven 38 performance, leaving 13 for the remaiteee bands. At the beginning of the season we were allowed to else an increase of 63 per man for a Sunday performance, bet the grant of 61. per man is still the full sum received for a week-dey performance The adeitional sixpence for Sunday duty has brought our last year's credit balance of £l5 7s 3.1 down to £7 Os id, as will be seen from the honorary treaserer's statement. At this rate I am afraid that the close of next season will find us slightly in debt, unless, indeed, the weath-r assists our finances, by putting a stop to our perform- ances, which I hope will not be the case. An expri- mont has been tried this year, mainly on the strengtn of a suggestion which our President made in his address last year. I refer to the ivine of performances in some of the open spaces of the town. Ten such perform- ' ances have been given with excellent results, and have apparently given great satisfaction to the residents of the neighbourhood. The places visited have been Howley Recreation Ground, Orford-lane fair ground, open space in Be wsey-road,epen space at Sankey Bridges, and open space at the top of Lovely-lane. These performances have more tl an once been patronizA by the town councillors for the ward, and have brought forth their warmest commendations. Though it is an extra sacrifice on he part of the players often in the distances to be travelled, the carriage of music stands, bundles of music, &c., and also in the extra work required of their ifiatruments at the close of a perform- ance, because of dust,l believe the men are quite willing to make these sacrifices again in the interests of the public. Alter alluding to the loss sustained 'op the death of Councillor Dr. Caunell be concluded : We are age:in looking forward to another season of good work,and feel confident that we shall receive the loyal support of all bandsmen in endeavouring to cater for the enj ryrnent and education of the people of our own good old town. (Applause.)

THE BALANCE SHEET. The balance sheet showed that the receipts totalled to £75 us. 10. Tha year commenced with a balance in hand of £l5 7t, 5 I and the bank interest amounted to 3s 81. Toe only other item of income was a con ribu- tion of £6O from the Warrington Corporation. The amount paid to bands was £67 176 61, leaving a balance in hand of £7 Os I.d.

SUGGESTIONS BY THE PRESIDENT. The PRESIDENT said it app ,are i from the reports that the aff:iirs of the association were in a fairly satisfactory condition. The only actual item of receipt was £6O from the Corporation, while during the year they had spent £67 17s 61. Be was pleased to note that they had been able to give more public performances than in the pre- vious year. That was a good sign. Still he thought it was a matter for some regret that the number of bands in connection with the association was not so large at the present time as a few years ago. He did not actually know how to account for that, but there was, he thought, an undoubted fallinf.s, off in mutical eathusiasm in the town. He suggested last year that it might be dug to football, cycling, &c., and very likely that had a ame- , thing to do with it. It seetnod to him that they must make the best of things as they had found them,_, and their duty was to make what buds they had as efficient as they possibly could be, and try to re-awaken that interest which for tho moment seemed to be more or less dormant. He was glad to notice that the tide had turned in some degree, and that on Monday night a new band was admitted into the asanciati'yl. He hoped that in time they would be as strong as they were same four or five years ago. It was gratifying to know that all bands belonging to the association were in a sound and healthy condition, and, as Colonel Baden-Powell would say " were going streng." (Hear, hear.) Be did not think personally that the Warrington public ever heard better music in the Park than that supplied last year. He thought it was rather above the average. He considered that all the bands that took part in the public performances showed some signs of progress,and that was satisfac'ory. With regard to the monetary grant from the Corpora- tion, it was his opinion, and had been for some time, that the amount given was not sufficient. He thought the band,men who gave their time and skill for the recreatian of their fellow townsmen were entitled to a fair payment for their services. (Hear, hear.) At present they were paid 61 for each performance. He thounht it ought to be a shilling at the very least. He did not know very much about what was done in other towns, but in Liverpool the bandsmen were paid better than in Warrineton. Tien there was another matter. It had been mentioned to him several times how much wind- guards or shutters were needed for the stand in the Park. He woold suggest that four be erec'ed and tried as an experiment. In conclusion he also alluded to the necessity of ligla' ing the stand. On several occasions it was so dark that the players were unable to see their music. He would suggest that as the Corporation were laying electric cahies that a wire be run to the band stand. He thought the matters he had mentioned would receive careful consideration if placed before the Town Hall, Park and Baths Com- mittee. The SECRETARY was instructed to ask the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee to grant £9O for the ensuing year, and to carry out the other suggestions of the Pres- ident.

Wins

ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESIDENTS. Mr. DOWN wai unanimously re-elected president and the following were elected vice-presidents : .The Mayor (Alderman It pberts), Messrs. A H Crosfield and R A Naylor, Aldermen Bolton and Wright, Coun- cillors Heaton, Smethurst, F W Monks,and the members of the Town Hall. Park and Baths Committee. TREASURER AND SECRETARY. Mr. JOHN FAIRHURST was re-elected hon. treasurer ; Mr. IS Wadsworth hen. secretary. PRESENTATION TO ME. J. TAYLOR. The PRESIDENT, On behalf of the association, said he had the greatest pleasure in asking Mr. Taylor's accept- ance of a case of cutlery and a breakfast cruet as a small token of the very high esteem which the members of the association had for him. (Hear, hear.) They could not forget that he was their first secretary, and upon his shoulders to a great extent fell the work of the organisation and arrangement of the affairs of the ' association. The work could not have been better done, and they were greatly indebted to Mr. Taylor. (Hear, bear.) He did his work always in such a quiet and un- ostentatious way that peonle did not realise thoroughly the good he had done in the town. In addition to his work for the association, Mr. Taylor had done some admirable work in connection with the Workingmen's Infirmary C3ommittee acid the Nursing Association. Wherever there was good work to be done Mr. Taylor was always well to the front but did it in such a quiet way that it was not everybody who knew it. The mem- bers of the association knew, and he (as president) asked him to accept the presents as a token of their respect and esteem and in appreciation of his public work. (Apnlause.) The presents had been subscribed for by the League of the Cross band, the Buckley-street band, his (the President's band), the Volunteer band and St. Paul's band. t Applause.) Mr. TAYLOR said he could hardly find words to express his gratitude for the many kindnesses ho had received at their hands in the efforts he had put forth to further the interests of the association and music generally in the town. He hoped they would extend to Mr. Wads- worth the same good feeling, loyalty and help that they had extended to him. He had heard many expressions of thankfulness for the bands from workingmen who had been able to it in the park and enjoy their pipe and lis'en to the music. He considered that the i,anda- men who gave their tame for the benefit of the public made sacrifices to do so. He felt proud of his connec- tion with the aasociation and of the part he bad taken in I doing some little good on behalf of his fellow townsmen. I (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19000323_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TITANKS.

Votes ef thanks W are -nass—e-d- to the President, the Town Hall, Park. and Baths Committee. the Chief:Con- stable,rthe Borough Treasurer, and Mr B WAdaworth (hon. sec ret ary). Councillor SMETEURST returned thanks on behalf of the committee. He alluded to the work of the late Dr Cannell on behalf of the Bands' Association and pro- ceeded to thank the assoeiation for the gool music pro- vided during the yeer. He suggested that chairs might I be provided and a slight charge made. The Prerident was thanked for presiding and the meet- ing concluded. FLOE/LINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREAT2.—ThOromehly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prev‘r ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar :or he,7lorilins "Powder." of all Chemists and Pert umers.— " CLIRICE'S'WORLR-FA.MED BLOOD MIXTURE "Is a guaran I eed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most esrching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free th system from all impurities from whatever cause arising PorScrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sore of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Test menials Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware or northless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 1

===== 0002601_19000323_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Hospital Sunday.

At all the pianos of worship in War.ingron and District on Bunday,collectipns were made oil behilf of the Infirmaryfunds. Altholgh the congre,zations in some cases were 'rat lArg, it is satis.actory to note that at most of the churches the amotin's were in excess of previous years. Spiritualism.

On Sunday, at the. Spiritualist ilall, Bowsey- :street, Mrs. ffulme, of llanchester, occupied the tform, delivering addresses afternoon and even- subject of the latter being " Let there b- light," in which she pointed out the advance that had ty:eu made in knowledge of spiritual things,and the neces4ity for still further progress in this direc- tion. Both addresses were followed by psychome- try. On Monday evening a number of experiments in medical psychometry were made.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A. at the Y.M.C.A.

There was a large attendance at the open meet- ing in connection with the above society which was held in the Friars'-green Chapel (kindly lent for the occasion) on Sunday afternoon. The President (Mr. William Zi presided and a thoughtful ad- dress on "The working man's religion was de- livered by the Rev J F M.atthews,of Latchford Two trios were capably rendered by Messrs R Pearson, H Bond and W H Payton, and Miss Woodward con- tributed two solos. Mr T Barton also took part in the meeting which was of a hearty character. Mr, F Hickman accompanied.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Novel Claim Against the Bold Hall Estates Company.

At St. Helens County Court. on Wednesday, before his Trfr,nour Judge Shand, Emily Stevenson, of Clock Face, St. HelenS, brought a rather novel claim against the Bold Hall Estates (Jimpany, Mr. H. L. Riley appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Peace de- fended. Mr Riley sail that Mrs. Stevenson had a lodger named Christina Blow), who was killud at the Clock Vane Colliery, on October 10 She now claimed Lit) from the company for the expenses of Boose's funeral. The claim was for £9 6 but they agreed to take £7 fis 51 The deceased was a mem- ber of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Perms- , nent Relief Society, which society had paid appli- cant £l5. She had entered into an agreement to 'pay POMO of the debts of the decease& which wou!d ab;orb the £l5. Mr. Peace, for the respaidents, said that the deceased was entitled to £5 from the relief society, and the other £lO had been paid specifically for the funeral expenses.—His Honour after hearing the argument and the evidence of Mr V Mawdesley, cashier of the colliery, awarded, plaintiff £2 6s 51.

Compensation for a Warrington Widow Aft..r the Workmen's Cempenee.tion Act, 1897, cams into force on August 6.1897, the employees of the Pearson and Knowles Coal one Iron Company agreed to form a mutual arrangement with their employers to be in substitution of the above Act, and to cover any accident that might occur to a workman, whether through his own negligence or not, and to enjoy all the benefits which are con- ferred by the Workmen's Comnensation Act. This arrangement has been carried oat in every case, both at their Wigan works and at Warrington. Last week, the Workmen' e Arbitration Committee met to transact their quarterly business and to award compensation for a fatal accident that occurred to one of their workmen namei John 'Owens, a labourer, who had met with his death 'while riding upon the front of a cane that was being conducted from the Dallam Works to the Bew;ey Works, and was knocked off by the jib, he not. being observed by the driver,and fell under the wheels The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and freed the Company from all blame or liability. Notwithstanding this, the firm was pre- pared to pay the full amount allowed by the Act, and the Committee therefore awarded compensation to the widow to the amount of £l5O. Smoking Concert at the Liberal Club. On Friday evening last week a smoking concert was held in the reading-room at the Liberal Club, and proved to be as successtul as any of the previ- ous ones. The great feature was the variety of instrumental music given Mr J Worrell occupied the chair in his usual efficient manner. Mr W Woods opened the concert by giving the song " Anchored," and then Mr GI Grounds delighted the members by the excellent manner in which be rendered an euphonium solo, " The death of Nelson." Mr J Chappell sang" Lucky Jim," Mr W Ford, jun., gave a cornet solo, "Queen of the earth," and later on, at the revest of the Chairtnan,repeated the same. Mr W Critchley sang "The white squall," and Mr T Davies gave a cor Anglais solo. This instrument was a novelty to the majority of the members present and the masterly manner in which the solo was given was greatly appreciated. Mr Davies also gave a solo on the hautboy, selections from the "Bohemian Girl," and Mr E Saunders a sketch en- titled" A matter of business," which caused great amusement. Mr L Lea sang "For old time't sake." and Mr Hope gave a pianofor:e s,lo, selections of Irish airs and a waltz. Mr J Chappell and Mr W 1 ' Critchley accompanied the songs,and Mr Hope some of the solos. A vote of thanks to the Chairman,pro- wed by Mr George Beard, and seconded by Mr Thomas Lecker,was carried. The concert concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. Volunteer Intelligence.

The battalion orders for the firzt Volunteer Batta- lion ) South Lancashire Regiment contain the following notifications :—The following N. Co Officers and men having proceeded ten route to Sluth:Africa,are thereby rendered suplrnumerary t the establishment of the battalien. No. 3253 Lance Sergeant G J Buckley, F Company, 4674 Private H Holloway, F Company, 4878 Private P Burke, E Company. 3764 Private W E Longmore, C Company, 4505 Private A Ashton, B Company.—The following extract from district orders, dated 19th February 1900 is published for information. "As it is pro- bable Volunteer Battalions may this year be re- quired to encamp for a longer period than usual and in localities where range facilities do not exist, Commanding Officers will commence the Musketry training of their men early, in order, as fat as pos- sible, to complete the course before proceeding to camp." in accordance with the above orders the drill season this year will commence with musketry parades,which it is requisite that all trained volun- teers should attend prior to shooting on the Range, as the course laid down is a new one. No volun- teer will be allowed to shoot, therefore, until he has attended at least three of these parades. Section Commanders and N.C.O's generally should, attend as many more as possible. These parades will count towards the prefitiency of those N.C.O's and men desirous of becoming Ist class volunteers.

SHRIOIIS CHA.RGE AGAINST AN EARLESTOWN WOMAN. At the Warrington Occasional Court on Thursday, before Mr. F. A. Frost, Agnes Hudson, a young woman employed at the " o.!dfellow's Arms," Earlestown, was charged with stealing from her employer, James Lytlagoe, somotime between July, 1899 and Marsh 16th, 1900, one bag, five sugar crushers, one pint bottle of whisky, and one pint bottle of rum, of the value of 7s 61, and £4.2 63 lid in money. She was also charged with stealimg one gold breast pin, valued at 215., the property of Thomas Lythgoe.—Superintendent Morgan without calling any evidence, asked for a remand to Newton Petzy Sessions, to be held next Thursday.which was granted.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
• . , , . .... _ ~ . ~,.., F .17- ,L L ~,,, ~....4- .'.' • P,i-1.- !, ..-4. 34 ~ 1/4:.: et ~ • i ./..e. '.• : ''. ,1 p it •II s . . :4 1 • ~ , - ~ .: ~,,,. 6 '•,.. • , ..: I'. :: ,

41,. •. . ••• ~: , ,•,, ~• , , 4 ''? • '6 s', : • i'y ' 0.1 tes iir• t - '' ,

By warm shampoos with CITTICURA SOAP, fII-77enl by light dressings with Cu-Tim:RA, purest of enlol- lieut skin cures, which will clear the scalp and hair of crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothe irritate,l, itching surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, ad make the hair grow when all else fails.

Sold everywhere. British depot: F. Nawnanv & SONS, Lou- don. French depot: L. Miov, Paris. Australian depot: R. TOWNS k Co., Sydney. POTTZ.F. DDUCI AND Cllll4 CultY., Solo Props.. Boston, V. 5. A.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PATRICK'S DAY EAR L-E-S -T -0 W N

Virulent Speeches.

In conneeion with the Earlestown branch of the Irish N atioael League, St. Patrick's day was celebrated by a concert, at whice Dr. O'K mfe of St. Helens and Mr. J Pinker ten M.P. were present. The room was well filled with Irrahmen, and an erre ,•llent program no of songs was sunmitned by Messrs. R Kay, C Nary, J Moran, Madam B llogg and Miss B Reynolds. Councillor Dr. O'Keefe of S. Helens, who presided, slid he had much pleasure in b_iing present,and it was not that h bad the pleasure of s Ting such a fine body of Irishmen tege!her. He noticed as he looked amongst them that a great number of them were not weariag the 1 shamrock, but he had seen a number of their E .glish friends wearing it, and he coneiderei it an infringement of an Irishinan'e rights for them to de so. The sham- rock was the Irishmen's glorious right long before Great Britain WAS known. He did not necd tell them how. He dared say that England thought she was honouring them in allowing thorn to wear the shamrock. Instead, however, be thought that if there had been any conces- sion at all, it bad been mede by the Irish people to the English people in allowing them to wear it. (Hear, hear.) Tee Home Rule question bad been a very diffi- cult one, and various • had been the methods to obtain this concession from the British Government. He was a believer that they would get Home Rule, but he was also a believer that they should have .to get it by force of arms. (Applause.) They would net use a "Long Tom," nor the bayonet ; the weapon, that they must use, was Unity. Withow, this weapon in their hands they could not win it. They had the weapon and they had the men, and now they wanted the ammunition. Momey was what they wanted. (Hear, hear,) Mr Ridge moved " That we the Irish people in E 'ries town sympathise with the cause of self government fo- Ireland and view with satisfaction the reunion of thr Irish p arty and hope that the united efforts will be pros ductive of good in our mother country." Mr Flannigan see)ndeis and it was carried. Mr John Pinkerton, M P. said for his own part he lied no such compunction against anyone wearing the shamrock at all. (Hear, hear.) He thought that it was a very great tribute to the Irish soldiers that the Queen sh mid allow them to wear the shamrock. (Cheers.) He did not regard it as a con- cession. He did not think that when an Englishman. wore the shamrock he did it in any other sense than as an act of courtesy to the Irish. He WAS glad that Her Majesty in the evening of her reign had paid this great tribute to the Irish soldiers. (Cheers ) With regard to the war in South Africa he said he was sot in favour of it. Be never was. He believed that when we had succeeded in taking Pretoria we should not be a single inch nearer a solution than we were before we com- menced. He considered the war was got up by men like Cecil Rhodes to line their own pockets, and not in any way to benefit their own country. He had the pleasure of seeing Dr. Jemeson at Westminster Hall at the time of the trial in connection with the raid. He saw the man sitting near the Select Committee and as he did not know who it was, it immediately struck him that he had not enough intellieence to look after a goose- berry stall. (Interruption.) Dealing with the question of Unity, they were, he said, inclined to ask themselves why this qeestioa was not beereht up three years ago. The Irish in Great Britain had quite as much interest in this coestion as the people in Ireland had. Be regarded the Irish in England as the backbone of the Irish cause, their devotion was surprising. Even the second genera- tion, people who hai never se.na Ireland, were as loyal to the mother country as the natives, (Applause.) _

Votes of thanks tO th Cnairman and Mr. Pinkerton were duly accorded.

WARRINGTON.

Thn anniversary of St. Patrick's Day was celebrates at Warrington on Saturday with more than usual en- thusiasm. Her Majesty's recognition of the bravery of her Irish troops in the present war,by giving permission to Irish regiments to wear the shamrock led to an almost universal display of the tri-leaved emblem in button- holes, and the inhabitants of Warrington we7s not be- hind in this respect. Spfrirnens of the Igreen" as well as clover and ether substitutes were generally displayed. At the Market shamrock revizld as MU3h as 81 and ls for a small bunch and in sons?, cases even more. A Union Jack emblazoned with green fated froai the flag staff on the Town Hall, an event uniius in the history of the town. At the Arts and Crafts Exhibition in the evening,

the Probya Ladies' Orchestra rendered a special pro- g.ammq of the music of Ireland with their customary ability and were several times encored. The procexlings were of a pltriotic charac'er throughout. RUNCORN.

Runcorn. like otheriplales. caught the infec`ion, and everyone seemed to be "Irish" for the day, on Stturday last. Green was the predominating colour, and was sported in flag, bunting, headgear, clothingsbutton-hole, and wherever a pretext for its display could be found At Widnes things were even more patriotic,sprigs of the "dear little shamrock "or an imitation appeared every- where. The Irish .national emblem was worn by a great many of the English portion of th 3 inhabitants of the borough in honour of the valorous deeds of the brave Irish regiments engaged in the war in South Africa. Several of the tradesplople had codered the genuine article from Ireland. and although the green wls sold at an expensive rate this was 530r1 cleared out and the people then had recourse to weces of c'ov 3r. In the evening S. Mary's band, regArdiess of a biting wind tind the falling saJw,paradel the strecas discoursing popular Irish airs.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS LIFE WAS SAVED.

A Lancashire Farmer Cured of Diabetes by Dodd's Kidney Pills. His Uncle and Cousin died from Diabetes.

Mrs. Macltereth writing frinaFacean Farm, Burton-in- Lonsdale, Lancashire, August 22nd, 1899, says :—Dear sirs,—Regarding my husband's illness, I beg to say that it began sometime in July last year. "He commenced with very great thirst and aching pains in his back and legs, and always felt very tired. "He got worse and worse, so we consulted a doctor, who, after a careful examination, said it was Diabetes. " Just then I read in a newspaper ablut the wonder- ful cures effected by Doll's K,dney Pills, so lat once sent for two blxes. _ _ _ _ _

.. - "He began to improve while taking the first box,a.id took four boxes in all, and was well again. "Be was ill about Fix months. " As to the cause of his itioess I cannot sly, but I know that Diabettis is in my husband's family; he hid an uncle and a cousin die with that disease.

- "While he was taking the Pills I took great care about his diet. "P:esse make what use you think best of this letter. " Yours faithfully, (Signed) MRS. MACYERETR," This statement speaks for itself. It forges one more link in the chain of proof thlt shows DAld's Kidney Pills to be the only cure for all Kidney Diseases. No other medicine will cure Bright's Disease and Diabetes. No other medicine has cured as many case. of Rheumatism, Heart Diselse, Lumbago, Sciatica, Dropiy, Female Weakness, Urinary and Bladder Com- plaints, Nervous Diseases and disorders of the blood. Sold by all Chemises at 23. 91. per box, or six boxes for 133. 91., or sent post free on receipt of price by the Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C.

If you have Co'rns or 13,, ALLCOCK'S CORN or 51.0110 N PLASTERS.

/WARNED . ( '' When, you have an ACHE '.., or a PAIN, a STRAIN or a - SPRAIN, you need a PLASTER, , but be sure it is ' ALLCOCK'S . PLASTER 2 , " Unvarying Uniformity, .- ,„ Unfailing Satisfaction. • ' ,unions use

===== 0002601_19000323_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~_/ 4 c'

===== 0002601_19000323_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c„r

===== 0002601_19000323_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_19000323_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RETIREMENT OF MAJOR GENERAL THACKWELL:

The following appears in the battalion orders for the First Volunteer Bw.talion (P.W.V.) South Lancashire Regiment :—" Retirement of Major General W Thack- well, C.B. Commanding Lancashire Volunteer Infantry Brigade. The following extract from the London Gaz-tte dated 28 la F.!bruary, 1900, Colonel W. de W. R. Thack well, C.B. (Honorary Major General, retired pay) retires from command of the Brigade. under Paragraph 111 Volunteer Regulations." Major General W. Thackwell, C. 8., in taking leave of the Brigade has kindly if39ll.et a farewell order, from which the fol- lowing extracts are published for information. 'My command of the Lanc..shire Volunteer Infantry Brigade havins! terminated I must express to the officers, non- commissioned officers and men not only of the bat- talions forming the present brigad 3 but also to those Cheshire battalions who for so m +.ny years were under my command as the combined County brigade my gratitude to them for the loyal and unwavering support that I have always received. Daring the 11 years of my command some 40,000 men have been in Camp and during that long time not a single instance of misbehaviour in t'ae town or neighbourhood has cieen brought to my notice. In bidding farewell I feel that I am parting with many friends and I shall always look back with pleasure to my association with the Brigade and I feel certain that the Battalions with which I have been connected will always uphold their high position among the best of Her Majer,y's great citizm army.- 512ned W. THACKWELL, Major General, C.B. 28:h Feb., 1900."

===== 0002601_19000323_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH

WHITEFIELD TENNIS CLUB—The annual meeting of thi,, club was held the other evening at the residence of Mr. Beuchier, Mr Wil!rel Sklton presiding. Mr. E. England (hon. secretary) preserted his report for the year, which showed that the club continued to make satisfactory progress, the membership having reached 35 From the report ie aleo transpired that not only had tennis been indulged in but that the social desires of the Imembers had also been met, and as the members of the Iclub had co-operated with the officials ot the club in a hearty and praztical maener, these social gatherings had been carried to a succesifut issue and very much enjeyet Theee social gatherings took the form of a picnic, two garden parties, and a dance during the win- ter months. The championship of the club had been played for, and won by Mr. E Eagland, with Mr. G D]lan and Mr. M R Tomkinson as the runners-np in the order named. The ladies' handicap resulted in the prizes being divided between the Misses M and H B elm- lord and Miss Mabel E eeland. A match had alio been played with the Penketh Cycle and Lawn Tennis Club, which, after a very exciting and close game resulted in a win for Puaketh. The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. J W Bouchier) presented his report, which showed that the finances of the club were in a satisfactory condition, there being a balance in hand on the year's working. It was decided at the meeting to erect a pavilion, and OA committee was d:reettd to take the matter in hand. It was also agreed, owing to the numerous applications for membership and as it was felt that all could not be accommodated, to limit the membership to 40. The hon. treasurer and hon. secretary were re-appointed, Mr R Tomkinson appointed captain, and a committee, consist- ing of six ladies and six geitlernen, was also elected. A vote of thanks to the Ceairman and to Mr. Bouchier for the use of his house for the eveni • g brought a very successful meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED EXTENSIVE THEFTS.

At the Warrington Police Court on Toursday before Alderman Sutton (in the chair) and Mr. Hepherd, Barnard Cohen, a canvasser, of 22, Barry-street, was charged with stealing some time between the 2nd Febru- ary and 3rd March, three overmentels value £7 103 03 the goo ds of Charles Paikin, of Mersey-street.—Mr. A Browne prosecuted and Mr. F. R. Roberts appeared on behalf of John Gibbon, of Mersey-street, who according to the statement below. was implicated in the ease.— Mr. Browne said that Mr. Paikin was a furniture dealer carrying on business in Merses-street and since July. 1899 the prisoner had been in his employ as a collector and traveller. From time to ti Ile he had said a large quantity of goods and the names of the persons to whom he said he had sold them were entered in the books. In consequence of whet 6udotintendent Monaghan heard on Satterday, Mr. Paikin Wad communicated with, and he visited three houses in Dalton Bank where prisoner alleged he had sold three over-mantels. Be found that there was not a single name correct and no overmantels had been sent to the houses. Superintendent Monaghan knew where the articles were and in consequence of the result of inquiries and certain communications being sent asking for payment of money, Mr Paikin consulted him (Mr. Browne), and a warrant was issued. When prisoner was arrested the previous morning it was be- lieved that only th:es overmantels were missing, but after further inquiries it was found that a Mr Gibbon. of Mersey-streec, had bought 2 oil paintings, 8 pictures, 2 overmentels, 3 table cloths, 3 bedsteads, 12 sheets, 11, quilts, and 2 shirts, from the prisoner within three weeks time. Mr. Gibbon had admi'ted that he knew Cohen was employed by Mr. Paikin. The value of the goods amounted to something like £l.B or £l9. Whether they should proceed against Gibbon or not was a question for consideration, and he asked for a remand until Saturday. Mr. Gibbon admit- ted buying other goods from the prisoner, and had given an undertaking to get them back again. He miebt say on behalf of the prisoner that he had done everything he could since apprehended to explain where the goods had gone to, and his client was not inclined to be hard upon him. They could not free him from every blame as he had taken the goods deliberately sad sold them to Mr Gibbon and given false names to Mr. Paikin or his clerk as having sold goods to them. It was a very ingenious fraud. Some of the geode were not found on Mr. Gibbon's premises but one of Mr. Gibbon's danehters was seen by Super ntendent Monaghan going along Academy-street with a bundle. Ile followed her and found she deposited the contents in a house on Town Hill under a hamper. This put Mr. Gibbon in a peculiar position,—The Chairman : Were the goods sold for the full value P—Mr. Browne: No sir sometimes not a sixth. Continuing Mr. Browne said that the overmantels which cost 30s. were sold for 13s. The pictures cost 5 guineas and were sold for £l. Prisoner was remanded till to day (Saturday), bail being refused.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO RHEUMATIC AND PARALYTIC

SUM —an---Illu;trated Book on the complete bona Cure of there Diseases, preface by F. W. Cole. M. D., who regards the au'hor as the highest authority. Send stamp for book to the VENO INSTITUTE. 18, Devonahlre-atreet, Man- chester.

NEW SPRING JACKETS, Capes, Macintoshes and Im- perial Cloaks. Choice assortment of White Bailor Hats. Just receive.—W. T. Wmtaists, 74, Sankey-street. Warrington.

WHoLES AL 7, AG q.NT:r .—F. Jl.l `iXIN3, P&DG4.I LINE, Warrington. J. BILIN3S. 91, BUTTE !LSI kRICET-STRE Warrington.

16, 18 & 20 S ANKEY STREET'

WARRINGTON.

J. & W. DUT TON

===== 0002601_19000323_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BEG TO ANNOUNCE. THAT THEY WILL

MARE THEIR

FIRST DISPLAY OF THE SEASON

===== 0002601_19000323_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
OF ALL THE

LATES NOVELTIES

MILLINERY, MANTLES,

DRESSES, ETC.

TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,

mAnca 20 AND 21

AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

SE WINDOWS.

BOROUUIi OF IV ARRIINGTON.-VICTOR I I PARK.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the PUBLIC wilL be ADMITTED to the ENCLOSURE in VICTotI.IA. PARK during the hours appointed for the opening and closing of the same on and tCter the 31st day of MARCH, 1900. Persons trespassingon any other portioa of the Park •s$ ill be prosecute d.

Town'Hall, Wa,Tington, -March, 1900.

T, LYON WHITTLB, Town Clerk

NTAIIK YOUR LINEN WITH OUR CI ff,M LINEN 1. MARKER, warranta.i. for 5 years, full name. Pad and Special Ink free, is. Bd. specimens sent. mARK YOUR GLAS WARE ARTISTICALLY with our (*LASS ETCHING STAMP. Sw-cimens and prices post free.— ROBERT & CO., 29, Islington. Liverpool

SPRING FASHIONS. W. HODGEINSON, LIMITED.

BEG TO ANNOUNCE TdEIR

SPECIAL SHOW

===== 0002601_19000323_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ALL DEPARTMENTS ON

TUESDAY, WEDNEiDAY, AND

THURSDAY,

NEXT WEEK. 46, & 48, BRIDGE STREET,

WAR RI NGTON.

LADLES' E LAS TI STOCKING

- DEPARTMENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTIN9, First-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS 3e. 6d. ... 7e. „ LEGGINGS „ KNEE CAPd „ A.NKL ATS . .

===== 0002601_19000323_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CELEBRATED BLACK SCARBORO'

COAT. WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICE 25/.

NO MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRACES, from 33. 11d.

THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN.

J. E. HUGHES, 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL.

rro LET. 1,4(; ; Srmtil Locit.up HOP ; suitable for 1 butcher, lishinouw, „reenkrocer, &c.—Apply J. S. GARLAND, Bridge-street, Warrlugtoa.

LEVER GREY I: ORKINGS (strong, IC:arch hatchld from prize fowls) ; Cocv3rels, 75 ; Puliets, 4s, 5. approval.— GITTINS, Bicton, btsrewsbury.

UGGS.—Beautifully fresh. quality guaranteed ; choices'; centrifugal creamery butter sent in small lots per parcel post ; inquiries will be esteemed ; a trial sollcited.-1. HURLEY, Enniskeane, Cork.

NTED a good GRINDRE.—AppIy Ames FonnE. Britannia Bri•/ge, Wigan.

WANIID, good COWMAN, to live in; good wages given.-4. BRAITIMAITE. Mythop Hall, Blackpool.

WANTED. at once, SERVANT MAN; must be a good milken—Apply BENJAMIN iiABY. Pasture Barn Viesham, Kirkham.

WA.NTBD, Female BAKILi for light baking and to assist in Restaurant. Comfortable home —Address Mrs. LEONARD, 24, Lord Street. Rochdale*

wANTHD, a steady young MAN; must be a gJod milker and used to horses ; to live in,—J'AvEsAsLisc, Top- olh'-Knotts Farm, Hartvood near Bolton,

A ply l]tl LACKSMITIL—Wanted Younz MAN - to live in ; must J. WORTHINGTON, A."l d e rbl eeys steady ya.ncdhpglfVd, Cheshire.

WANTED, CARETAKER for Sar";.ey Bridges Cbapel and school, at the rate of tea Lllikings per week,—Apply Mr. Mac liouGH, 155, Liverpool-rod, Warrington.

VVANTBD. energetic Male ex-P.T. ; good disciplinarian ; salary. £65--Apply with testimonials, stating quali- fications, to,MisTER. St. Paul's Wesleyan Schools, Radcliffe. Manchester

ins. PER WEER (regular salary) offered either sex, spare V hours, evenings.—Appily, awn handwriting, enclosing otamP. CRoaa-Moortz and Co., Parkgate, Eotherham.

• - 1

OHN WALKER AND CU., PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, RIN fING FOR AUCTIONEERS PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS,

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

Elegance in PROSPECT USES, PROGRAMMES, &c. PROGRAMMES FOIL BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES Fos SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOB SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FETES, kc.

FOR

Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues. Conditions of Sale. Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, P,•ogrammes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, Ace. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheei,s and Boeks,Note Headinks.Mem,:randums,Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business Visiting and Mourning Circle. Handbills, /to. Solicitors, Merch nts, MaLufacture,s,Tradesmen, and others enquiring Printing of any description are requested to give a tal.

EXA.It: IN ER OFFICE, RINTING FOR CORPO ATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRIN LING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINIING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRIN ['MG FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTINU FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RECEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER A SPECIALITY LARGE TYPE FOR THE MOST STRIKING POSTER Produced in the Country.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTIgII6. MAMMOTH MAMMOTH POSTERS. MA 4Mt ,TH POSTE- S. MAMMOTH POSTIMS.

MAMMOT POsT PUSTHRS. A SPBCIALITY. T" Runcorn Examiner, publ:shed Friday morn ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and *Hers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE FfriA,os Examiner, published Friday morn- -1 hag. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education., Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal, Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advei tisem en t s (exc., pt Parliamentary) are inserted n all the above papers at one charge. THE WA. RRINGUON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINE% THE"ST. HELENS EXAMINER. AND PRESCOr Vi'EEKLY NEWS," THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND HAYDOCK REPORTER." THE" RUNCORN EXAMINER." AND THE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

P.IIIOII'AID ADVICRTMIMBRTS. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18

27 4 r i6is Od 64 4a Od _45

For nearly Twenty Years DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS V. Mt ALE PILLS

I have been universally admitted to be ( A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for Anaszia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria Palpitation of the Heart, Debili,y Depression ,Weakness Irregularities, and all }female Ai rnente. Boxes 9id, is lid, Es 9d, and 4s 63. May be had from chemists and patent medicine vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to ac_Tpt a substitute. If not in stock ask your chemist to obtain them, or may be had direct from Dr. Davies, 309 Portobello-road, Notting Hill, London.

" -ARTIFICIAL Incubation and It's Laws" Is 84 ; "Duck Farming" 7d ; "Profitable Poultry Farming" is 2d; Poultry account book begins any month, is 2d by J. H. Sut- cliffe ; Buyers' Illustrated Incubator Catalogue of reliable makes id. Reliable eggs, best blood obtainable. 3s 9d dozen; 19 varieties. List andadvice ld.—J. H. SuTetaFF , Fellis- cliff., Ripley, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
w

===== 0002601_19000323_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ebt 46 arznytincr" btrtto

rirHE Warrington and ilfid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- .& Hated every Sat urday morning. THE Earks:mon a 4 d Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. HE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. Fr LIE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday .11 morning

P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six ?fords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 O. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. od. ... is. led. ... 3s. Od. 36 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... 6s. W. 64 ls. 6,3. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charged are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
These charges apply only to the classes of advertise ent specific minim, and are strictly confined to those hich are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID OR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by th,3 Business scale:

APARTMEN/S WANTED APARTMENTS TO I.ST ARTICLES LOST RTICLES FOUND

HOUSES WANTED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

===== 0002601_19000323_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
`Genaratt arrant,

===== 0002601_19000323_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTHD, a young CIENEROLL Servant. —Mrs. SCOTT, 29, c..tanley-street, Cheetham, Manchester.

NVANTED, at, once, good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy KING 4 HEAD HOTEL. Droylsden, Manchester.

WANTRD a CIOK GlifililtAL. Three other servants kept.-93, ULLET-ROAD, Sefton Park,Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Vl] ANTED, good GICNERAL ; famly six; £l6.—Mrs V STINK, Lentil Fie d, Ovenden-road, Halifax,

===== 0002601_19000323_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTEP, (411 IL about 20 to assist with house work,— Mrs. L, ED GE, 36. Frer,chwood-street, Preston,

WANTED. TWE NI Y GENERAL SERVANTS • wages £l2.—Mrs ADlmg, 11, Abbey-street, Rochdale.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
IVENER ANTED GAL SERVANT, exwioneed, not under O. Mrs MAnELEY. the Mule= 'Warrington.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTED GENERA L,at once; small family must be fond V oiehildrerlL.-38, GREENBANF-ROAD, ;,Irmthdown,road,

. • Liverpool. vvANTED, GRuinAL ; easy place; no washing ; iwo lit tamily.—WrLrEn, Derby Chambers, Derby-street, Ormakirk.

WANTED, immediAtelv. HOUSTIMAID-WAITRUSS Y housemaid kept; wages EIB.—BRENTWOOD, Hoylak e

Liverpool

===== 0002601_19000323_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ITOUSRMAID-WALt requirel, experienced ; small family ; three servants xept.—Address Mrs. R. LEEM- G, Kendal.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, good GHNEAL SERVANTS, places waitlno. —1)10LE 5, iate Booth's Registry Office, 258, Regent- road, Sal:bre .

===== 0002601_19000323_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTHD, tat: Grit r, ~f 17 or 18 to train as housemaid. Three ia fatal iy. 313 OBEAT CLowEs-stßEET,Higher Broughton, llsuchester.

WANTUD COOK GRNKRA.L, family three, no washing, £lB. :eferences required. TAYLOR, 115, Manchester- road, Dentnn. Lancalb ire.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
wANTED Young COOK-GENERAL for family of three; housemaid kept.- 33, GREA.T CLOWES-STREET, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

XIVANTED at ()vice GENERAL. plain cook ; no washing; good horn°, and wages ; personal reference.-12. LAUREL-ROAD, Fairfiel... Liverpool.

MRS. PRESTON'S Progressive Registry. 44. Church street, Mackpool, wants good servants £l3 t 3 £4O many vacancies. Enclose stamp.

"lAT ED. rood GENNIZU:S ; wages £l6 to £2O, and all s to arplv VVT END B BEAU and Servants' Registry, 92, Markel-street, Manchester.

WANTRD, strong and active GIRL for Laundry Work; experience no object ; wa•7es £l6.—Apply CONTI- 11E2iTIL HoTEL, Mount PleAsant, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Vi7A.79TED COOK-GENFIZAL goud wages, housemaid kept part washing, fare paid on terms. Mrs Buss, Moonfield-7oAd, West Didsbury, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD, respectable Girl a., GENIAL. about ]8; good char .c er ; comfortable home.— Mrs. MARLOW, 26, Shrewsbury-street. Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTED, COOK and House ; two in farni'Y ; •wo ven,n,cz, a week ; no washing.— WILDER, Derby Chambers, Dei by-sLrcet, Ornskirk.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED et one in a Poctor's House with small family COOK-G.III4MM, and HMIS HAULM WaITRESS Goed wages to competent servaAs.-240, ST. GEORGE'B-BOAD, Bolton.

NvANTED, GE ?ki;Z L SERVANT, 18 to 22; family two only ; pan washing ; references required.—ApplY nny evening 6 to 9, CRAVEN MOUNT, Burlington-street, .4.ltrinchana.

WANTED for Rol& near St fford good plain COOK. Wag.s 223. Kitchen and scullery maid kept. Also experienced WA,TEgSS £l6. Apply Miss WILE, 12 Market Square St ffard.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED. good plain CO:)K-GENERAL ; baking. and ; two other servants and boy kept; three family. —Apply stating wages to Mrs. IIEwITT, Upper Sapey I ectory, Worcester.

WANTED. i respectable GIRL as GENERAL. Good borne for sultAhlp girl.—App'y stating age and wages required. hire Dou'rawaiTE, 24, Barlow Moor-road, Chor- ton-eum-Hardy, Manehesttr.

SUPERTOR Clooli-Generals, Waitresses, Housemaids, and Nurses required with good refer.nees also Generals, wages from 21fi to £22 (tor Generals) and high wages for all WA, —Apply WEST E D BUREAU, and Servants' liegistry, 98, Market-street, M.anche'ster.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OW, Vaultrr, Scr.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Oburation.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
alantrZi.

THE EXAM INER FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900..

===== 0002601_19000323_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Knits up Vrtbatt Erratp.

OHNSON'S EYELASH GROWER. immediate growth t.l 2s. 6d.-16, BUCKINGHAM PALACE-ROAD W

===== 0002601_19000323_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
10900 ClCii,"; EnPra,cSkeeetscliniTaellintlii)phiey7l4llolllbse.r, 70. QHORTHAND MthzlC, a unique system of Musical Nota- tion Is ld.—Mr. BnooxEs. Journalist Windermere.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
hFLUtiIbiZA IJIU. positive, cirnple, cheap; recipe 7 stamps.—WlLSeN, 7, Adelaide-slr eet, Stoke-on-Treut.

"ITS (Epilepsy) permanently cured, particulars free. GILBERT DALE, St. John-street, Hanley, Staffs.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SILK HANDKBRCHIEFS,Indian initial embrolderedla. 2d each poet free—BunToN,3o,Summerley-st Barlsfield,Surrey

===== 0002601_19000323_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TIOATCHWORK —lOO plain and fancy silk pieces 10d.— DORA., 167, Nelson-road, Hornsey, London.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LIORBIGN STAMPS bought, Sold, Fschanged; lists free.— .I: PREMIKR STAMP Co., Prince Albert-street, Brighton.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
fIONSUMPTIVE PATIENTS please send for prospectus to ‘J CHRISTIAN Niu,Cirange banatorium,Grange-over-Sands.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
tocko, 36u5tnegs4co. cu.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
apartmtnto, & eurntsfirOt?ouses.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
PAIKIN'S lURNITURE, CASH OR CREDIT DELIVERED FREE FOR 5 MILES. 395 AND 411 31.ERSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ORICKETERS will be glad to know that GEO GAMEY AND kj Co.'s Catalogue is out and may be obtained from Sports Dealers. This Manufacturing Firm is always bent on improve- ments. Their New Compound Ba'l " POLLDID is the most Perfect resemblance to the leather Match Ball that has been produced costing under hilt the price. For Leading Clubs 0 GB & Co.'s " Duplex Cover" reigns paramount over all Cricket Balls.—Advt. (2.)

===== 0002601_19000323_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
&barto

===== 0002601_19000323_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, respectable GIRL for Housework ; age 17. Apply 154, LORD-ST., outhport.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
wANTHD Good GlilnlineL, able to wash—Apply 104, BOLTON-ROA.D, novas. B.ackburn.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
12 0 SHEETS good notepaper with address beautifully stamped, 125 Elivelones 2s free.—DußLlN STATINERY Co., Henry-street, Da-Ain, Cash with order. YOURPOHTUAIT in oil paint, rarc offer ; send Stamped. Envelope full partieular.—N•7l.BoN, Artist, Dolgelly. CMAR% 25, beauties 2s 9,1 post ,rec : guaranteed magnifi- cent value.—LLorp. Caer-street. warms.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000323_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
(Spam

CYCLES, CAMERAS, LAI HES, (+l-1,1 NIOPHONES, etc'. 10s. monthly.-- NlEws, 358, k.larown.:d-,tree,, Bradford

===== 0002601_19000323_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
got TO THB DEAF.—A gentleman who cured himeeffer deafness and Noises in the Head after fourteen years elp ng will gladly send full pat Haulers of the remedy, oa rse„3rie of stamped addressed envelops.— F. GragroN, Am, u- Howie, Strand, London, W.C.-44 dvt.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
, Do r instea( wrapp atallipt

subst the s( allow after, and k

other Then( holde Will 1 znake

Paid. do nc think

enorr railw come wreel

===== 0002601_19000323_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
It, 'I

===== 0002601_19000323_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
b 14 ;olti. imp, ror LA

MARCH 23RD, 1900.

0...:,....., ,ifOf iffeC 361 P erl•

THE EXAM IN ER.

UPON one or two points the Where the Liberals Liberal party, divided as it Can do 'Good. is, can do effective national service at the present juncture. Upon two points It will have to be very decided. The first is that the mining interests in he Transvaal shall bear a substantial part of any indemnity taxation, and the second is that the mining influence shall not be allowed to rule the whole of the Transvaal here- after. Some dangers will attend any strong and and bold attitude upon either point. There are other interests in the Rand than British interests. There are German, French, and Dutch share- holders in the mines, and a good deal of pressure Will be brought to bear upon our Government to make the taxation on the gold industry as light as Possible, which means, of course, that a good deal of the cost of the war and the cost of maintaining an army of occupation will have, in that event, to fall upon uhe British people. The mines can well afford to pay double what they have been paying under the system which existed up to the time of the declaration of war. To put it in Plain words, the Rand mines ought to contribute in one way or another about six millions a year to the cost of the war, the occupation, and th 3 ordin- ary expenditure. The precise way we leave un- described. It will have to be determined by cir- cumstances. Ent there will be a prodigious expansion a 9 soon as the mines get into working order again, and for that taxation will have to be paid. Wbat will be the fate of the railways we do not know. They will be taken over, we should think, and worked on a more liberal system. An enormous immigration may he expected, and the railways will have to deal generously with the now Comers. Whether Johannesburg should be Wrecked or not, it is clear that it occupies a favourable site, and that thure must be the gold reef centre. The second point is equally Imp 3rtant, and it may be urged by means i of all the weapons which have done duty ' on the Government side during the war. If We have been endeavouring ta rescue the Trans- vaal tbf rom an oligarchy of Boers and Hollanders, we f e careful not to hand it over to an pligarchy o mining men chiefly Jaws and Germans. All the varied political interests in the Transvaal must be :represented, and a start made with a system which will effectually prevent the play of i,money ;as". a prominent factor. Qualifications for the new Irolksraad we shall set up in local affairs must not be on the property basis, and an electoral system must be so arranged that voting shall be secret :and that bribery shall be prevented. Unless we do these things we had better govern the country as a Crown Colony for some little time to come ; and that step may be regarded as wise under any cir- cumstances. The Boer population must be fairly represented, aid if Boer members are elected, and oven become Ministers, so much the better. Whatever may be done about police and arms, the political side must be free and unrestrained, Protected alike from money and violence. The sooner the Liberals can begin to shape their thoughts upon these subjects the better. But it should be done without rhetoric and with moder- ation and argument. Hysterics on the subject would only lead to disaster. We do not grant the Contention that the Rand has engined the war, but with all the more fervour can we contend that the Rand than not dominate the Transvaal, as a matter of course. Numbers will be on the side of the outlanders, hut if we protect freedom and equality we can do much to.moderate and check the growth of undesirable influences.

THE new Education Code Levelling down in is a revolution. It will be Education. a shock to all education- ists. It is the last outcome of the old Education authority. The present payments V) schools are rude upon a series of subjects,by which emulation is excited, and by which the more enterprising schools and teachers earn more money than the duller and apathetic schools. If reversing this be uot a levelling down, the term has no meaning. What educationists have always feared has been -something of this drastic, Procrustean characte;, but they hardly believe that Sir JOHN GORST "would sanction it He has, however, to defend 'what has been done, and we shall be curious to `see how he will do it. He has, invariably posed as the friend of education,who lamented the indiffer- -4113C8 of school managers and of the subscribers to the Voluntary schools. When the special grant 'was given to the Voluntary schools it was to help them in their struggle for existence. Icamediately the subscriptions began to fall it was tlavious that some of the Yoluntary schools most cease to be efficient, and come under the School Iloard system. A. few of them did so, and the 'Voluntary Associations were powerless to help they changed their plan of paying most niclley to such schools as :were suffering by direct ec)mpetition with large and efficient Board schools. The Education Department has had to meet a cusis, and it has done so in a characteristic way. It has lowered the flag of education by abolishing the s- ystem of earning grants by merit, except for °Tie or two subjects. ,There is no shortening of the i.irricultim in other respects. The subjects on Which grants were earned in proportion to merit Will :still be retained on the school course, but the payment will be made in a different Way. It will be calculated at so much per head according to attendance. The effect of this new rule, called the block grant, will he somewhat singular. It will give more per head all round than has ever been awarded be- fore. But the more efficient schools will receive

-- IRE

===== 0002601_19000323_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ess,ancl the less efficient schools will receive more— that is, relatively to former earnings...lnfant schools will be awarded from 16s to 173 per head on aver- age Attendance, and other schools from 21s to 225. It works out as it was intended to do—in favour of Voluntary, schools. The Board schools will re- ceive 8d per head more than they have previously earned by grants according to merit. But the Voluntary schools, whose grant earnings have been low, will receive is 4d per head of the block grant, and probably no subscriptioDs will now be necessary. That is the levelling down process—or the levelling up process, hecause it is both according to the point of view from which we re- gard it—is to be applied to the two descriptions of schools. Board schools need not be so efficient, because the stimulus of grant earning will be re- moved, so that education is levelled down. The Voluntary schools will receive more money by an extra Bd. over the Board schools,and to this extent bat only financially, it is a levelling up. The sub- ject isbound to excite warm debate in the House of Commons. It is obviously framed in the interest of the Voluntary schools, and a bonus of 81, per head per scholar is given to the Beard schools to create the appearance of fairness. Tile change will entail a demand on the country f, •r an extra £200,000, but it is not going to give us an equiva- lent in improved education.

Sir William Lockhart was a prescient little general after the" Bobs" pattern, whose death, at the age of fifty-nine, this country will greatly de- plore. It is only necessary to recall the way in which he triumphed over serious difficulties in the Tirah expedition two years ago to recognise his talent. Ho had, moreover, a gre tt repatation, and among a native population that is especially valu- able. The days have long passed when we could rule India, or any considerable part of it, by force. Our position there, of course, largely depends upon racial differences, and the tactful superiority of the Administration in times of emergency. Mr. Savage Lander, in an article in the" North American Review" this month, ob- serves that in times of famine there is considera- ble danger of a rebellion. Probably there would be greater danger without the famine. It pro- duces an emergency in a time of excitement, but the situation is met, and the trouble passes. With sleek prosperity, a seditious Press, and a tlndency among the lower military and civil officers to be unnecessarily rough to those about them, it is quite probable that the native races might assert their indepenlence. Our source of security, how- ever, lies in the united Imperial Administration, and with sagacity and decision of character on the part of the heads of departments British authority in India may continue to work smoothly.

There are many men who must regret they did not suffer from consumption in their youth. It might seem grievous at the time, but it has been the making of nearly all the prominent statesmen of British birth in South Africa, and had they re- mained in England thay would probably have been village Hampdens. The list grows daily as the personal particulars come to hand. Everybody knows that Cecil Rhodes was a weakly under- graduate, and was sent to the Cape to preserve his life. lid looks robust enough to-day, but his prospect atone time was dewessing in the extreme. Sir Gordon Sprigg was another weakling. He would probably have had some inglorious prosper- ity had he remained at home. Mr Garratt, the editor of the Cape Times, who is credited with having inspired Sir Alfred Milner's policy, was a sub-editor on the Pall Mall Gazette, and promised to continue an able journalist, but one of the unknown and unappreciated guides of public opinion, and to have died in early life because ®f the delicacy of his constitution. Last, but not least, it has transpired that Sir GKlfrey Lagden. the British Commissioner in Basutoland, who has rendered such signal service to the Empire an I to civilisation by keeping the Basutos in check, was a clerk in the General Post Offiee. But for failing health he would have been there still—a small dignitary at St- Martin's-le- Grand, using his intellect privately to enable the authorities there to meet Mr. Henniker- Ileaton's conundrums in the House of Commons on Post Office administration. All these men fell sick, and had to leave their country, in the new and best sense of the term,for their country's good. All their colleagues individually saw nothing re- markable in their labours here. The occasion made their distinction. It revealed unthought of strength and unexpected capabilities. But with- out this stimulus to emigration they would prob- ably have been lost in the fierce competition here during their brief existence. It is a hint to the capable men whose scope is limited to seek fresh fields of conquest.

Warrington has been honoured with another request from the War Office for more Volunteers. We cannot say whether this is in consequence of the splendid set of men Warrington furnished in response to the last request, but the fact remains that another body like them is required. There is every reason to believe that the call will be promptly responded to. Less difficulty will be experienced in this direction than in the matter of equipping them. Where are the funds to come from ? The grant from the War Office is totally inadequate for the purpose. It is therefore probable that we shall have to fall back again on Sir Peter Walker's gift account. Then what about the field •glasses and insurance policies? The public subscriptions given for this object are nearly, if not quite, exhausted. Such difficulties must not daunt us. They must be overcome somehow. In years to come when the war drum has finished beating in South Africa, Warrington will look back with pride on the action of her volunteers, and it therefore behoves us to meet the responsibility now entailed in no grudging spirit.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBTION.

The popularity of the Exhibition which was so marked at the beginning, promises to be fully main- tained r'ght up to the finish. During the past week the attendance has been even larger than in the previous ones. The proruoters very wisely decided to take advantage ot the patriotic celebration on St. Patrick's Lay by providing a special programme of the music of Old Ireland in honour of the Queen's gallant Irishmen. A large number of patriotic airs were played with taste and skill by the Probyn Ladies' orchestra, and some humorous pieces were introduced by Mr. Rogers, the humorist, whose efforts were greatly apprecia- ted. The hall and annexe were crowded to excess, and rarely has such a display of green " button- holes" been sported as was the case on this occa- sion. It may be here stated that nearly £5O were , realized last week for the War Fund, Infirmary and Dispensary, and the Indian Famine Fund, as the result of the Committee's decision to devote half of the takings at the door for the benefit of the funds named. On Monday evening Professor Delmar.the society entertainer and ventriloquist, was announced to appear, but owing to illness he was unable to do so. There was naturally a little disappointment but this was unavoidable. The management succeeded in engaging Mr. Mattie Cheshire for Tuesday even- ing who gave a capital entertainment. Mr. Nelson Jackson, the popular humorist and musical enter- tainer, appeared on Wednezday evening anti has given performances each evening since. Mr. Jack- son is an inimitable entertainer and has made him- self immensely popular with Warrington audiences. School children from People's College School and Heathside School were admitted at a nominal charge on Monday and Tues,'.ay afternoons. Though desirous of extending the privilege to an unlimited extent, it was found to interfere with the cookery lectures, and the committee felt. themselves obliged to discontinue the practice Tbere have been large audiences each day to wit- ness the famous tanaetican midgets, Piofessor Temple's cinematograph, and the other attractions , of the exhibition.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.

RUNCORN CHURCH LIDS' BRIGADE.

The R—unco-r-n. Company of the Courch Lads' Brigade marched out on Saturday afternoon, headed by their bugle band. They formed up in marching order at the Parish Schooll, and proceeded to Hillt9n, being joined by the Halton company en route On arrival at Halton a football match was piayed between the respective companies. which resulted in a drawn game. Afterwards both com- panies marched to the National Schools, Runcorn, where they sat down to an excellent tea. rea over, various lantern slides were shown, inc:uriing por- traits of officers engaged in the war. These were the occasion of vociferous ckeering.: The lantern was manipulated by Arr. M. Buckley. When this entertainment concluded the lialton company marched back to !Talton, after having spent a very enjoyable afternoon. The brigades were e.ccom- panied by the Revs G D Wray and W Scholes, Messrs 3 Littler, Blanes, and Birch.

-

===== 0002601_19000323_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

HALTON WESLEY GUILD. Mr. Allen Haug BS.. presided over a meeting of the Halton Wesley Guild, held on Monday night, when Miss Prince, Warrington, read it pai:mr on "Rath,"whlch was highly appreciatod by ail present. In the discussion which followed Nlessrs W Looker, A Rowe, and A Baugley took part.

RUNCORN ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION. The above association, on Wenuesday, received a et:11AI consignment of 250 petch, roacn, bream,and gudgeon, with which to stock their waters at Old Quay, Runcorn. When turned into the waters, fore an admiring crowd of anglers, the fish was noticed to be in excellent condition, and of fair size, and hopes of good sport in the forthcoming season run high. GENEROSITY OF MESSRS. GOSSIGE, OF WIDNES. Messrs. W.. Gossage, Sons and Company, Limited, Widnes, have presented a beautiful silver challenge cup to the Widnes Football Club for competition between the clubs connected with the various works. The cup is in the hands of the makers, and will be on view in a little time. The fixtures will be arranged shortly. ACCIDENT TO A RUNCORN SCHOOL BOY. John Shone, son of Mr. Thomas Shone,Peel-street, Runcorn, a school boy attending the National schools was endeavouring to mount some old forms in the school yard, for the purpose of scaling the wall, when the forms became deranged,and the top- most fell upon him, severely injuring his ankle. Constable Brett, who was passing was called in and rendered first aid. The boy is now progressing favourably. Holum MISSION AT WIDNES. On Sunday home mission services took place in the Albert-road Wesleyan Chapel. In the morning the preacher was Mr. Isaac Marson, whilst Mr. D. Close occupied the pulpit in the evening. At the latter service Mr. W. Robinson gave a touching ren- dition of the solo" Why not to-night." There were good congregations and the collections realised a satisfactory amount. These will be devoted to the Home Aissien fund.

ACCIDENT TO AN ENGINE FITTER, AT WIDNES. Last Monday morning a lahn named William Holker, aged 57 vears,of 63,M erss y-road, Widnes, an engine fitter at Messrs. Hutchinsone' works, was fol- lowing his employment when he fell and severely in- jured himielf. He was couveyad to the accident hospital, and attended. by Dr. Hutehinspn. This gentleman found him suffering from a compound iracture of the skull. A MAN TIRED OP LITE. On VVednesday, Samuel Littler. tailor of no set- tled abode was brought before .sfr. A. Thomas, at the Frodsham Police Court, charged with being drunk and without visible means o subsistence.— P.C. Fry proved the case, and prisoner was dis- charged on promising to go to the workhouse.— The prisoner said he was tired of his life.

RUNAWAY HORSE IND CAS. A horse drawing an empty cab bAouging to Hr. Yarwood,Albert-street,was proceeding down Green- way-road, about 11. o'clock, on Saturday night,when the driver is reported to have got down to adjust his lamps. For seine unaccounf.able reason the horse took ftight, and ultimately came to grief at the bottom of Regent-street where a portion of t')e Old Church House gate and wall were damaged. The horse and cab sustained little or no damage. We learn from Mr. Yarwood that the horse was a very quiet one, and had anyone attempted to stop it, their task would have been very easy.

DEATH OF MR. WILLIAM STANWAY. Early on Wednesday morning, Mr. William Stan- -way, grocer and coal merchant, of Lowlands-road, Runcorn, died at the advanced age of 79 years. Mr. Stanway came to Runcorn, from Hale‘voirl, about forty-five years ago, and shortly afterwards com- menced business tor himself. lie leaves a family of four sots and four daughters. During his long residence in Runcorn Mr. Stanway identified him- self with Bethesda Congregational Chapel and was ;iighly respected by both ministers and congrega- tion.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
OCCASIONAL COURT AT RUNCORN.

Mr. W. Timmins, J.P , preside at an occasional Court at Runcorn, early on Tuesday morning.—John Jones, a sailor, for being drunk last Saturday was fined 5?. The same defendant for being drunk in Court on the occasion of the Sessions on Monday, was further fined 5s and 5s costs.—John McDonald, sailor, for being drunk and disorderly was fined 53 and costs. This makes the third occasion McDonald has been before the Bench for similar offences since Friday.—Joseph Whalley, labourer,of Surrey-street, Run,orn, for a first offence of drunk and disorderly was discharged on payment of ss.—John Thomas Philips, the by who could not ba found in time for the last sessions, was surrendered by his father, and pleaded guilty to a charge of sleeping out on the 112th.—Mr. Timmins hat inz admonished the erring parent, and abstracted a promise from him that the boy should be provided for, dismissed the case. MILTON P.S.A., WIDNES.

At this meeting last Sunday there was a fairly good gathering, the Secretary occupying the chair. T Wailing sang two solos, "Consider the Lilies" and" Beyond the Clouds," in good style, Miss F Wailing being the accompanist. Mr A Harvey gave an excellent address on "Christians and Recrea- tion." He said that while there were several forms of recreation which might be indulged in and would be healthful under certain conditions, yet in many cases they were decidedly injurious. Foot- ball, billiards, and waist in themselves were good recreation, but if they were followed in such a way as to cause one to concentrate their whole thoughts and leisure upon them • they were undoubtedly harmful and ought to be avoided. WARRINIMON AND RUNCORN HARRIERS.

The Runcorn Harriers were visited on Saturday last by the Warrington Harriers, who of late have been tierformiag some remarkable feats. Warring- ton were without the services of Parsonage. while R Hadfield and J Cadman were absent from the Runcorn party. When the teams met at Warring- ton on February 3rd, the Warringtonians won by 32 points. Trail was laid over eight miles of good country in the direction of Rocksavage, through Sutton, returing home by Hall-wood, across the fields to Halton Brook, finishing up Halton-road. From the commencement of the race the Runcorn men were to the front, Hopkins, Ray, and Thomas being most conspicuous,Goodall gaining ground by his clever jumping. A more interesting finish could not have been witnessed, as the first five men were running a neck-and-neck race up to the crane,when Thomas drew to the front, and won the race. The position of the teams was as follows :—Runcorn : 1, Thomas; 2, Ray; 4, Goodall ; 5, Hopkins; 11, Shal- cross. Warrington: 2, Mather; 6, Price; 7, Mane- field; 8, llagnall; 9, Smith, a win for the Runcorn team by nine points. After the run, tea was pro- vided by Mrs. Richardson, at the Bull's Head, and a very pleasant evening was spent. MISS fIA3Re 'CONCERI PA.RTY AT 'RUNCORN.

The Misses Hayes, of Frodshans. who are so well- known throughout the district for their philan- thropic work, provided the concert party which contributed the weekly concert at the Mersey Mis- sion, Runcorn, on Tuesday. Mr. W. Shaw (mis- sionary, presided. The programme included : j Pianoforte solo, Miss V Hayes; recitation Miss ' Maddock; song," In the Chimney Corner," Miss Clarke ; song, " Needles and Pins," Miss Edwards; cantata," Bo Peep." twelve girls (encorE,,d) • song and chorus, "Play up Runcorn," Misses Clarke, Edwards and Harrison; recitation, "The way to Heaven," Miss Maddock; song, " Summer showers," Miss Edwards ' • song, "No Sir !' Miss Edwards ; song. Miss Clarke; song and chorus, "soldiers of the Queen," performers and audience. The accom- panists were Miss Hayes and Miss Wilkinson. Dur- ing the interval several young ladies, on behalf of the Misses Hayes, distrlbmed beautiful buttonholes to the sailors present to the number of one hun- dred.—On the proposition of the chairman seem led by Mr Rodel, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the Misses 113 yes, and their kind assistants, after which the concert concluded with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON WESLEYAN TEMPERANCE SOCIETY.

A public meeting was held in the schoolroom on Tuesday evening. Mr. Allan Baguley B.Sc., presid- ing. Mr. J D Jones, of Runcorn, the Circuit Tem- perance Secretary, sp)lce about the condition of the Temperance Cause in the Runcorn Circuit,England's enormous drink bill, the difference in the national sentiment towards drinksellers in England and America, compensation to publicans. Rev. J A B Malvern spoke on Temperance Progress, the train- ing of children, alcohol as a medicine, and the duty of all Christians to abstain. The following musical items were well rendered :—Solo, " Once for all," Mr. W LAooker ; solo. " Remember me." Mr. E Flankey ; solo, "Almost persuaded," Mr P Rowlin- ;ton ; quartette, " The Blood of the Lamb," Miss A Looker, Miss M H Rowe, Messrs. A Saunders, E fiankey. Mr R Sutton acted a 9 accompanist. At the close of the meeting three p,rsons joined • the society. ASK for CUNNINGHAXV3 HIGH-CLASS MINKRAL WATARS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOATING CLUB

The committee of this progressive and enterpris- ing organization gave their members a much de- sired opportunity of passing a convivial evening together by means of a dinner and smoking concert held at the Wilson Hotel, on Thursday evening last. A large sad representative gathering of cm bites and friends sat down to an excellent repast at p.m., and after the tables were relieved of their tempting load, the evening's enter- tainment was proceeded with. The loyal toasts "The Queen,"Army Navy and Reserve Forces" were enthusiastically given. "The Visitors" was replied to very neatly by Mr. Coulton, supported by Or. Delany, and "The Boating Club," were responded to with gusto. The programme was excellent, items being contributed by Messrs. McDermott, T Hod- field (Liverpool) Walton (Northwich) T Johnson, Hopwood, and Grounds Mr. W Grounds acted as accompanist. The evening proved a great success and the object of the Committee which was to give members a chance of coming into social contact successfully attained. At the close of the proceedings the secretary, Mr. Aillinger proposed that the best wishes of the Club be exten- ded to Mr _Banks (a member) who had volunteered for the -Front, and who would probably sail in a few days. This was enthusiastically agreed to, and Vhe song " For he's a jolly good fellow " rendered heartily. Much praise is due to Mr and Mrs Sutton for the excellew; catering. A successful season in 1100 is confidently anticipated by the Committee.

A WIDNES EX-00111,s1CILL0R'S FAILIME. At the Liverpoll Court of Bankruptcy, last week Mr. Registrar Bellringer had before him for public examination a Widnes grocer, named Thomas. Carney, who carried on business in Wellington st, and Waterloo-road, and who for a number of years was a town councillor of Widnes. The sta.oment of alair, skowed liabilities £7ll,and assets:X:3B Mr. Poole, solicitor, Widnes. appeared for the bankrupt, In the course of examination by the Ofßcial Receiver the bankrupt stated that he did not think his public duties had interfered with his business, and that his failure was due to bad trade and bad debts. In 14 years he had booked over .Z 2,000 in bad debts, or an average of about .E 3 a week, he thought. Questioned further on this paint the bankrupt stated that he had been in the habit of trusting labourers and workpeople generally for necessaries such as be sold, and some of them in the end had contracted large amounts, of which he got nothing. The Official Receiver remarked that the bankrupt appeared for some years past to have been support- ing a good many of the families in Widnes. The bankrupt replied that this was so, because when he found that the father of a family was out of work he (the bankrupt) could not see them without food. Iso he gave them credit. He now saw that the re- sult of his phidanthropy was his own bankruptcy, but he considered that he would not have been in that position but tor his having been praised for money the last three or four months. The Official Receiver. I suppose the fact is you would not consider yourself insolvent so long as you could keep on getting credit? The Bankrupt.—Yes, get- ting credit with the intention of paying. The bank- rupt added that there was a good deal of the Wid- nes business done in the way he did his—it was a bad place for credit.—The examination was ordered ' o be closed.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNOORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTION.

Contest in Central Ward.

Very little interest has up to the present been taken in the election of Urban District Couociilors for Run- core, and five of the wards return candidates without an appeal to the polls. Central Ward, however, pro- vides some diversion and has to decide between Mr Joseph Hall Salkeld, and Mr Thomas Wood, both well- known gentlemen. At first it was rumoured in some quarters that Mr Salkeld was likPly to withdraw,but we now find that is not s: and that Mr Salkeld is going ta make a good stand. Up to the present.however, neither candidate has displayed much energy, but this might be due to the fact that the election day is yet some distance off. Though it looks as if the bulk of the ratepayers of the Central Ward, are as iadifferent and apathetic regarding their representation as were the ratepayers of the other Wards. Of the policies of the candidates it may be stated that Mr Satkoid gees in upon his own merits as an independent, whilst Mr Woodtinks or swims with the policy of the Runcorn Ratepayers' immolation. The returned members of the Council are :—Halton Ward, Mr Samuel Taylor; Heath Ward, Mr J W Light- burn; Newton Ward, Mr John Wilson ; Mersey Ward, Mr H G Grice ; Bridgewater Ward, Mr George Hewitt. All old members of the late Council. The vacancy seat in Central Ward was lately filled by Mr W Collier, who, however, does not srek re-election.

Warrington Town Council and Standing Orders. The following extract is from the "Councillor and Guardian ': —" An irregularity of an unusual char- acter gave rise to a somewhat warm discussion at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council. A recommendation came up from the Paving Committee that tenders for granite eats from several quarry-owners in Lancashire and Cheshire shoeld be accepted. The matter would have gone through quietly enough .had not Mr. Greenin.; put an awkward question to the Vice- Chairman—Viz, had the tenders been advertised for in accordance with the standing orders of the Coun- cil. Mr. Heaton was compelled to admit that the standing order had not been complied with, and in defence of the committee's procedure said that, as there was a 'ring' or • corner' amongst quarry owners and merchants,they had endeavoured to de- feat the combination by gming outside. By doing so it was contended that the committee had effected a saving of from 25 to 30 per cent. The Mayor roundly condemned the action of the committee as subversive of good government, and furthermore asserted authoritatively that not a single local mer- chant belonged to the ring. An amendment that the recommendation be referred back was,however, defeated, and the committee's report adopted by fifteen votes to ten. For ourselves, we cannot but regard the action of the council in thus lightly condoning the committee's contempt for the stand ing orders as a grave error of judgment. Indeed we had far rather see a Council without such regu lations than that a committee should be allowed deliberately to ignore them. Apart from the ques- tion of principle involved, the committee's excuse is not altogether intelligible, for if there was any- thing calculated to defeat the tactics of a ring we should say it would be advertisement." Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket street. A tea meeting and entertainment was held in the above place of worship on Monday evening last, a good number sitting down to tea after which the entertainment was held. Mr W E Rees occu- pied the chair. The following was the programme : —Recitation by S Riley; action song, " Nellst's Dolly," the' little ones; round by ,Vir Griffiths, T Hughes, T Braithwaite ; song. " Three little maids from school," A Littlewold, F Daeley and A Wads- worth ; chorus, " Only a dream," the boys; recita- tion by R Lawson; song, 't The silent singer," by W Griffiths, T Hughes, T Braithwaite ; dialogue, "Annie Holiday." by the girls ; action song, "The Tinkers." by the boys; recita- tion by T Bate; duet, " A Venetian Festa," by W Grifi he and T Hughes; action song," Raise the Tambourine on High," the girls; recitation by Mr Riley ; chorus," The whistling Farmer boy." the girls and boys ; dialogue, "Curing a Toper," by Mrs Lee, Misses N Bowyer, M. Wakefield. G Hart and Messrs It W Cook, W Griffiths, T Hughes; dialogue, "Good-night." by the boys. All the item i were greatly appreciated. The entertain ment was arranged by the Misses A and M Thornton. A vote of thanks was given to the Mairmen and to the ladies who hed provided the tea. A. very sneceeefill meeting was brought to a close by singing the Doxology. LINUM C&THARTICUNI PILLS', digestive. correc- tive, and agreeably aperient. 91d., 131 d. Of ail Chemsts. Advt. COAGULINE Cement for broken articles. 61. and Ig.; Postage id. Sold everywhere. Home and Abroad.— Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE CLOCK FOR MST OOTSIN LANCASHIRS.—ddrt.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND THE PROPOSED TRANSPORTER BRIDGE.

Abandonment of Runcorn Ferry.

Attitude of the L. & N.W. Railway Company. A special meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council, was held on Friday m)rning last, at the Town aall, for the purpose of considering and deal- ing with a Clause submitted by the PrOl/13ters of the Transporter Bridge,respecting the abandonment of Runcorn Ferry. There were present :—Messrs. Wiswall (chairman), E 'raison, W Handley, James Pritchard, Grorge Hewitt, S Taylor, J W Lightburn, T Jonas, It a Posnatt, HG Grice, D Bisbrown, F A Lake (law clerk), Marshall (secretary), and James Wilding (surveyor). Mr. W aandley, chairman of the Parliamentary, and General Purposes Committee, described the business before thent as purely formal. They were met for the purpase of passing the following resola-

tion "That the Council censent to the insertion of the pro-- posed clause for the protection of the Lendon and North Western Railway C 3., subject to the alterations mole therein, but that the promoters be informed that the Council would insist on tbe insertion of clauses requiring the minimum compulsory werking of the transporter at certain specified perio is, and providing for contract tictrts." The resolutioe was simply in continuation of the policy already adopted by the a:areal'. Since the meeting of the Gemmel es Mr Lake had cerrespended with Messrs. Aleop and Stevens, solicitors, Liverpool, and the following was a copy of a letter submitted to them wnich he (Mr. Flandley) thought they would all say faitefully stated the arrangements the cenernittee arrivel at the other day. No reply had been received up to the present : Copy :—Runeorn, 14th March, 190. Dear sirs,— Widnes and Runcorn Bridge.—l enclose copy of clause for protection of London and North-Western Railway Company, which my clients would approve as altered in red ink, but if such clause is inserted, and the ferry therc-by done away with my clients insist on some ciaase being aided, requiring a minimum compulsory working of the Transporter at certain specified periods and providing for not less than an hourly passage from midnizlit to 5 a.m. Also, that a clause or item be in- serted in the schedule of tolls providing for the weekly contract tickets for passengers at not more than lg. per week. Unless these points are granted, my Council, will have to reconsider their position both as to Ferry and Transporter.—Yours truly, Fred A. Lake (law clerk to the Runcorn Urban District Ceuncil), to Messrs. Aesop wed Stevens, Solicitors, Liverpool. Mr. Handley proceeding stated that the rights of the Ferry were vested in the two towne—Runcorn and Weines The promoters had forwarded the communication to them as they had no power to deelwith it themselves. The promoters were, however, perfectly willing to put such a clause into the Bill, if both Runcorn and Widnes were agreeable to it. As the clause was now presented to the Council he reasonably supposed it would he agree- able to them and alsa to Widneo Mr. Teike : Probably. Mr. Handley: Mr. Lake is in conernenication with Widnes, and it is very probable that they will pies a similar resolution. alr.Lightburn : Is it not as necessary for Widnes to pass a resolution in time f or the Committee of the House of Commons, as it is for us? Mr. Handley explained he had seen a telegram that stated the consideratioe of the Hill before the House of Commons had been put oN by mutual consent for a week, and there would be time enough before they next met for Widnee to pass a resolation. Mr Lake rather thought the VVidnes committee hal met the previous day Wednesday, and it Was very pro- bable they would submit the same resolution. He had not, however, heard the result. He could say, however, that he and the Clerk to the Widnes Council had con- ferred on the queetion, and were agreed upon the course they would advise their Councils. Mr. Handley went on to say that if the clause was inserted in the Bill, the op- position of the London and North !Western Railway Company, would be withdrawn, and that would be a wonderful help in enabling the promoters to get the hot passed. In fact they might almost say that with the removal of such oppeeitien as the Railway Company eeuid have presented, the bridge was almost, an assured fact. He did not think there would be much other opposition. The only one of any seriousness, he under- stood was with regard to the bridge being used for con- veying brine over to Lancashire. Mr Lightburn considered it a wonder they did not actually stop the tranpplanting of wood, and have it manufactured in Cheshire. Mr. Handley did not think much was to be feared at the present stage, from the brine question. The position with regard to it, was, the promoters of the bridge did not see their way clear to put in any negative clause, and as there was no power under the Act to sanction such a usage of the bridge, they simply wanted to leave it at that. The clause referred to in the resolution which Mr. Handley proposed was as follows : "For the protection of the London and North-Western Railway Company :—Whereas the bridge by this Act authorised is lot eeded to be constructed wholly or in part upon the site of an ancient forry,called the ltencorn Ferry, now the property of the London and North-Was. tore Railway Company (hereinafter called " The Ran- way Company")and power is conferree by this Act upon the Company to enter upon, take and use the highway or landing place attached to such ferry, upon the north side of the river Mersey, for the purpose of the new works. And whereas ureler the provisions of the London and North-Western Raitwey (lines near Liverpool) Act 1.861, the Railway Company have constructed and ever i since maintained n connection with the bridge carrying 1 their railway over .the river Mersey, immediately below the said ferry a bridge for the use of footpissengers. And svilereas the said ferry will be rendered useleas and superseded by the construction of the bridge by this Act, authorised, be it, therefore, enacted that from and after , the construction and opening for public traffic of the bridge and works by this Act authorised the Railway Company may and shall abandon and discontinue the maintenance and use of the said Runcorn Ferry." Mr J. Pritchard seconded, and remarked he thought it was understood some rime age, that supposing the L. and N.W. Railway Company were absolved from the cost of the ferry they would be disposed to con,ider some re-adjustment of the passenger fares for the Bridge. He did not know whether any condition sheuld be at- teched to a metter of teat sort, or whether, considering they were having a rival bridge across the Mersey they should leave the question to right itself. Mr. Lake observed the negotiations were not between the Council and the Railway Company at the present time, and he hardly thought it would be wise f et. any arrangement to be made between the competing com- panies. The tendency of the competition would be to reduce tolls, as a matter of course. Mr E unison did not like te move anything that would be at all likely to delay the matter. Having regard, however, to a new movement whica was going to make its appearance in the town, it would have b .en a very good thing if the Coancil had been able to act. ie accordance with the conditions laid down by the perhaps not an iaconsiderable section of ratepayers. The ques- tion under consideration appeared to he essentially one of those subjects where perhaps the advice of the greater number might save the lesser from making some mis. take. The tendency he alluded to seemed to be to set up not a rival chamber,but a second chamber, without the gilding. This would certainly lead to very great difficulty in the conduct of public business, because, if that principle was te he adopted, their attitude that morning ahou!d be something as follows :—lt was one of the principal matters, and it should perhaps be submit- ted to them for their judgment. There were many important things involved. There was the ques- tion of charges; and the question of hours of users, and the question of contracts. All these appeared to be essentially subjects for general discussion. But that morning they were anticipatieg the action of these ratepayers by the resolu- tion before them. Seeing that a number of gentlemen on that Council had accepted the conditions laid down, it seemed to him that they should take the first oppor- tunity of putting them into effect. Owing to the haste that appeared to bo essential in the matter, they were unable to do so. He should, however, like to hear an expression of opinion from these gentlemen, as to whether that was the sort of thing they should submit to anybody who appeared to be assuming to themselves to be a body of representatives. , He could only see as the result of that very series's diffi- culties in the future. Therefore at the very earliest stage he should like to take the opportunity of warning the Council against being subject to interference of that kind. Tne Chairman would no doubt rule he was wandering from the special subject for which the meet big had been called, therefore he would coine back to it. Ho did not entirely agree with Mr. Handley in his view that if the opposition of the London and No: th- Western Railway Company was withdrawn, it pra.cti- calle meant the collapse of all other opposition to the Bill. Rather, it appeared to him that opposition seemed to be gathering. They had a deputation from the Run- corn Rural District Council with them the other day,and se far as those gentlemen were able to pledg I them- selves they decided to go upon lino; similar to them- selves (the Runcorn Urban District Council). Since then that body had, however, decided to take no action in , support of the promoters of the Bill ; cone appearances seemed to indicate that unless satisfactory assurances I were given they might even oppose the B 11, especially 1 if the promoters :oold net see their way clear to insert a negative clause, for the prevention of carrying brine over to Lancashire. It did seem to he necessary that people should be prevented for all time from carryine brine from the county. Sa long As brine WAS esssntielly a constituent in the manufacture of chemicals, and so long as that beine was kept in the county; se long would they have chemical works carried on amongst them,and thus create a demand for labour. It would be seen there- fore, that any chemical workman in the too n and dis- trict Was interested in preventing time abstraction of brine from the county. He (Mr. Imisoa)rather admired

the way in which Mr. Dean had exercised himself, and stuck oat for concessions, with regard to the use of the Bridge at times when it would be a convenience to work- ingmen;and was pleased to testify to the way be insisted that the Bridge should be available for use at all hours during the night. Mr. Dean had ex- plained to the Committee that same workingmen left their shifts at all hours and if the Bridge could not be available at all hours, a solftimum ought to be fixed and the Bridge should be available at least every hour dur- ing the night. Mr Doan also stipulated that weekly contract,: shou'd also be the subj-ct of future negotia- tions. It was a pity that Mr Dean was not present because he would have b-en better able to put his views before tb. pu 8.1. Mr Imison added he would not like to be misunderstood, and would like it to be known that was not the last word they had to say on the subject. It had been determined as indicated, in the letter ot the law clerk, that looming, that further negotiations should take place with regard to the hours of working, coats acts, and other matters. Also he thought it should be said tuat in the event of the Promoters of the Bill not conceding the Councll'a terms, they had decided to prosecute their opposition to the Bill in the House of Lords.

Mr J W Lightburn had great pleasure in sup- porting the proposition. With regard to the first portion of Mr unison's remarks in regard to certain members being bound to coniult the ratepayers; inasmuch, as certain mernhers of the Conned had pledged themselves to submit all matters connected with the Council's business for their considera- tion before they toak action ; he (Mr. Liaison) was in error, in stating that they had done any such thing. Personally he had opposed it in as strong language as he claret What he had consented to—was what he would consent to then—that they were not conspirators against the public good, and that they were anxious so far as the interests of the ratepayers were concerned, to take the ratepayers into their confidence. The idea which had got abroad was certainly very incorrect. Mr. Grice also appeared desirous of saying something in further explanation, but the Chairman requested that the members refrain from saying anything further upon a subject that was out of order. The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
GILCHRIST LEG ruRE AT EARLESTOWN.

Sir Robert Ball on Invisible Stars.

Ths concluding, lecture of ttse series promoted by the Newton-in-Makerfield Lectures Comwitteei was given in the [own Hall, Esrlestawn, on Tuesday evening. The subject of the lecture was "Invisible Stars and how we see them," and the lecturer was Sir Robert Ball. Dr. Handyside presided, in the absence of Colonel Pil- kington M.P., and there was a full audience. The Chairman said they vviuld no doubt be as disap- pointed as he was that their member Colonel Pilkington was not abie to be present to take the chair. He had a letter from him stating that it would be impossible for him to attend, as a vary imp )rtant measure demanded his attendance at the Houss of Commons. He felt cer- tain that Sir Robert Ball needed no introduction from him. Their recept,ion of llias showed how well they re- membered his last visit to the hall. (Hear, hear.) ,Sir Robert Bail said his lecture was on "Invisible Stars," and before beginning, he might read a letter which he received lately just before de- livering the lecture at another place. It was anonymous, and he did not know where or -ho it was trim: —Dear sir—l see you are to lecture to-night- on what you call invisible stars. If the stars are invis ible, I shall be glad to know if you have ever seen them (Laughter.) Ought not a lecture on Invisible Stars to be about as entertaining as a concert of inaudible music ? Did you ever smell perfume from an inodorous flower ? Yours truly.—

Oa° who will be there.

Alluding to the shower of shooting stars which should have corns off last November, and which did not come off, he said he never had a better night's rest in his life, when many of them were anxiously looking for the shooting stars. A shooting star was a streak of bright light pascing across Lhe sky, but that streak of light was not a star in the ordinary sense of the word. It was qui.e a small thing even no larger than a grain of sand, but was moving tremendously quickly, a hundred times as quickly as the swiftest rifle bullet which was ever fired from a rile. If they picked up a bullet they would find it was quite hot, which was caused by boring through the air. So with the shooting star. It wen through open snece until it came in contact with oe air, and drilled a hole so to speak in the air Flying to the target it got warm, and it was heated 10,000 times as much as a rifle bullet, and forcing its way through the upper strata of the air, it got to white heat, and became a shooting star. At certain times of the veer these carne'in countless battalions, millions of them, and usually in November, and once every 33 years they came in a tremendous swarm. They all knew that the shower did not appear last year, but although it was not seen in this country there was a pretty general expectation that it would es seen in some parts of the world. There was a reasonable expectas ion that the shooting stars may te: seen next November, but if they did not come, they might nut by all thoughts ef seeing them for another 33 years. (Applause.) Thee should go out on a clear night, tie said, and raise their eyes to the sky. There they would see shining , above them some bright and beautiful gams, and many ' hundreds of small rears. Not get an opera glass to strengthen their view, and immediately the number of eters was increased ten fold. There they lay in profusion from the brightest glories of the firmament down to the feebleet pr;ents whose twinkles they could only jest discern hy glimpses. They should make a sup' erne effort to sound the depths of the Universe ' • the utmost extent of which their faculties were capable. They should call to their aid the experienced engineer, and the skilful optician, bid them construct the , mightiest instrument that their combined talents coald ' fabricate convey their telescope to the summit of a lofty mountain under the purest and most translucent sky which this globe had to offer, and thee, on the clearest and darkest night place your eye to that magic tube. There were displayed a host of sparkling points. innumerable as the sands on the sea shore, and so faint as to bs only just discernible when their vision was strained to the uttermost. Are we to Burmese, he asked, that even under these circumstances we have seen all the stars of heaven ? We have seen but the merest fraction of them. Out beyond, out far beyond that star dust which was the last thing our mightiest telescope disclosed, lay stare and systems of stars; which no human eye had ever seen or ever could see, even when every aid bad been invoked to strengthen the senses with which nature had provided us. These were the havieible stars. We were accustomed to the wonders of photography, and everybody kuew how the Rontgen Rays depicted objects which no human eye could see. It was the dry plates of the photographer which disclosed to us the invisible rays from the celestial objects. The plates that astronee mere used were so sensitive that were they employed in the ordinary practice of taking a portrait of a landscape the exposure for a hundredth part of a second would be anfficieet. But the invisible starlight was se faint that these earns plates had to be exposed to the sky, nct for mere s-couus or minutes, but often for eeveral hours. As the development of the plate proceeded, the bright visible stars first appear, then the telescopic stars break forth, and frequently the p'..ate was speckled with myriads of objects which were the pictures of stars that no human eye had ever beheld. Dere was a peculiar difficulty in photographing the stars a ith which every practical photographer would sympathise. The sitter would cot sit quiet. We could not arrest the diurnal MOVIII9O, of the heavens, but what we could do was to cause the whole apparatus to move smoothly and regu- larly so as to follow the stars. No machinery could be ri lied upon to carry the plate for ward with the precision Which was necessary for a perfect picture. Its perform- ance meet tos checked by the inc,ssant attention of the , observer who was seated at his post. By gently turning a handle to or fro he could so control the machinery that each star should be kept at the same point of the plate for hours until at last a perfect picture rewarded his patience. He showed on the sheet a picture of that remarkable reflector with which Dr. Isaac Roberts hod accomplished his magnificent work in depleting notable celestial objects. Such were the splendid weapene with which in these latter days astronon.ere had essayed once again to wrest their secrets from the heavens. It might be deliberately asserted that the instruments whose pictures had been placed before them, indicated as great an advance in the art of the Rssronomer, as the use of the telescope itself was an advance upon those primitive methods in which man had no other aid to search the celestial wonders than that which a pair of eyes aff srded him. His esteemed friend Dr. Gill, her Dalajesty's Astronomer at the Cape, had sent him for that lecture, a superb plate which he had taken of the most fernous star elueter in the heavens. In the centre lay a mars of stellar poiots so eloee together that they could hardly distinguish them separately, while all around were multitudes of the outlying stars belonging to the same system. Those stars were suns of etupendous magnitude. Suppesp that the opera- tions of the telegraph service were ram aed through the length and depth of space, Let one sire stretch from the earth to the moon, another from the earth to the son, another from the earth to the nearest brieht star. &nether from the earth to one of these ex- cessively remote invisible stars. Let them see the very shortest. time in which a message could be transmitted to each of these several destinations. The moon was so close to us that little more than a second would bare-

_ gun, d for a oignal to travel from the earth to our satellite. The sun was so far that eight minutes would have to elapse ere the electric waves, notwithstanding their velocity, which would place a girdle seven times round the earth in a second, would require not less than eight minute for the journey. Let them think of a telegraph wire from the earth to one of the invisible stars. It s?emed certain that the invisible star was so

remote that if the 4rlad tidings of the first Christmas at Bethlehem 1900 years ago had been disseminated

through the fsoiyerse by the swiftest messenger known to us,though th,t glad tidings sped its glorious way with a sin, el great enough to complete the circuit of the

MI;OM

-7":, 5

earth seven times in each single secand,yet that invisible ssar was so excessively remote that all the seconds which had elapsed in 1899 years of the present era would not have sufficed for she journey. The sun and every star pour forth a multitude of beams of iron. Some of those beams belong to colours whits we can see, others consist of in visible lig ht; which could effect the photographic plate. Two photos of stellar spectra were shswn. A few years ago, he said, it would have been thought incredible that the feeble beams trom a star could have been made to disclose a panorama so full of detail and expressed so clearly as. that which the spectra exhibits. Great was the rejoic- ing among all who love to study the stars, when it was found that the spectroscope provided the means of dis- covering whether a star was coming towards t.ne earth or was retreating from it, and even for determiaing the pace at which the star's movement was urged. The im- portance of such measurements to the astronomer could hardly be overestimated. Not only did they give an element in the star's movement whicti must otherwise have remained utterly unknown but they enabled that movement to be discovered by a single observation in- stead of by a comparison of observations extending over an interval of centuries. Astronomers had long sought the explanation of the vagaries of Algol, the Demon Star, as we may well call it, the winking star. The problem lad however been solved with the help of the invisible light. Professor Vogel took a photograph of the invisible light, which showed that the Dimon Star was at the time hurrying away from us at the pace of about 26 miles a second. He desired to confirm his re- sults by a second observation, and found,that Algol was again moving at the pace of 24 miles a second. But judge of his astonis'ament when it ap- • peared that though on the former occasion he star was running away from him at this great speed, yet now it appeared to be coming to- wards him just as rapidly. A new light thus began to illuminate the mystery of the Demon star. It had always been known that the star winked, but the invisible light now added the further and most important circumstance, that before the wink the star was hurrying away from us, and after the wink it was hurrying towards us. If we pres“icl this to its consequences, the veil would he lifted, and the mystery ;of the winking star, inscrutable for ages, now at last stood revealed. Just as the heavens contained invisible stars, so they also contained invisible nabulal. Though the Pleiades have been gazed at for untold centuries, and studied by the mightiest instruments that have ever been designed to strengthen human vision, yet there was a glory eurrounding the group of stars that no human eye had ever seen. Modern research was gradually, making us in some degree acquainted with the marvel- lous oompl. xity and intertst of this thing which we call light. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Carson moved a vote .of thanks to Sir Rabert Ball. What they had heard to-night was the result of years and years hard and continual mental work, and therefore it should be more highly valuable, and they th inked him for the pleasure he had given them, and for the great instruction. (Applause.) Mr. C. W. Emmett seconded, and hoped that in the very near future the Gilchrist truitees would, grant them another course of lectures, and that from their list they would not omit the name of Sir Robert Ball. (Hear, hear.) Sir R Ball was mach obliged for the kind words which had been used by the proposer and seconder and to the audience for having passed the vote. It was a great pleasure to him to onne thsre and talk to an audience like that. It would be a great pleasure to the trustees to know how well the course had been taken and how large the audiences had been. He concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was accorded. (Applause.) Dr. Handyside acknowledged the compliment and said it was the inteation of toe committee to continue the lectures next win•er. ( Am)! s use. )

OUR

===== 0002601_19000323_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL COMPETITION

(CouP.)s vs l'Ar4l4 7.) £5O Offered Weekly—Xloo Aggregate Prize.

RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION.

£25 FOR EIGHT CORRECT RESULTS.

Only eight of the matches selected for our S9th Football Competition were played. The results of these matches were as follows :—Liverpool beat Newcastle U. Notts County beat Notts Forest, Stoke drew with Derby County. Go.ins- boro' beat Burslem P.V., Walsall beat Chesterfield, Grimsby Town beat Lincoln City, Burton Swifts beat Itliddiebrough, Nfilwall A beat Reading. We have de ided to award the £25 prize for eight correct results, and the £lO prize for seven correct results. The following competitors share the £25 prize I

Mr It J Mitchell, Midland-road. WellinghorY. Northants. Mr Li Mann. Mount Hill Lodge, Springfield-road, ()helm, fold, Essex.

THE CONSOLATION PRIZE.

The following compecttors divide the £lO prize :—A. Luke, ellington ; C Featherstone, Bromley ; D C Frarsklis, Bir- mingham ; G H Harris, Guernsey; S H Coles, Plymouth ; H Adams, Leicester ; E Jordan, Wolverhampton ; i Jones, Hastings ; E Salt Stafford ; P James, Melton Mowbray ; 8 Henderson, Newcastle-on-Tyne ; P Moore, r-loucester ; H Longman, Nottingham; U English, Toweester ; J Stuart, Doncaster ; A Arthur, Tunbridge Wells; J Faulk- ner, Chislehurst ; D Tyler, Grimsby ; F S Jackson. Husbands Bosworth . • F Chambers, Normanton ; C Barker, Leamington; 11 Duke, Leicester A J Williams. Swansea; 14 Barrett, Chehnsford ; B Maple, Bedford; 8 Everett, Birmingham ; W At kinson, Thrapston ; T Browni Southampton; W Lanley, Balham ; H R Crump, Windsor; Miss Crump, Windsor; N Berry. ; R ii Dixon. Here- ford; G Lake. Leamington; W S Hemmings, Houghtf'n ; Norman, Oakham ; S Whittel, Ramsgate ; H T Lee, Spark- brook ; M Spencer, Daventry ; C Sampson, Alfreren • R Por- ter, Beckenham; V Crichton,Lancas: er ; H Munroe:Baldock; B Phillips, Edinburgh; W Barber, Market Harborough • T French, Derby; S Randall, Gateshead ; A Hickson, ; B Newton, Seacombe ; J Smith, Leicester; F May, Stain- ord ; S Lewin, Chester field.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUPON PRIZE. The £3 coupon prize goes to Mr M Pittarn, 72, Fore-street, London, for 6855 coupon.,

THE ACCRECATE PRIZE.

Mr Arthur has scored 38 paints for the Agaregate Prize ; Mr Maple, 35; Mr Proctor, 33 ; Mr Mann, 27 ;Mr Pittam (ILB.). 23; Mr Hutchings, 18 ; Messrs Pridgeon, Owen, and Pktam (A ). 13 each : Mr Ch.plin, 12 ; Messrs Mason, Cook aad Salt, 11 each ;Mr Wood, 10; Mr Tugwell, 9; Messrs Rodgers, Brooks, Price, Thompson, Tilke, and Funnel, 8 each.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW POLICE BUILDINGS FOR

NEWTON.

The now police court buildings for Newton-le-Willows, which have been in course of erection since Augu4t,lB9B. are approaching completion, and towards Lae ctese of the present month will be takers over by tLe police or occupation. The court will be first used on the 12th April, when the fortaightly sessions fall due. A sug- gestion has been made that a weekly court should be held dealing with the Wigan and Newton eases on separate dates, but nothing bas,bowever, been detinit..ly settled. The buildings are to cover 1,275 yards, about two- thirds of which represent the area allotted for main buildings, and the remainder for a yard and an outbuild lug, which will be used as a weigas and measures offic; for the township of Newton-;e-Willows. The courtroo - is smaller than that at present in use, but it has a m m more comfortable appearance. The space granted to the public is very limited, and probably not more than thirty persons will be able to gain admittance. The windows are of stained glass, and in the centre o each is the county coat-of-arms. The wood used through out is satin walnut. Hot water coils and pipes neat. lti-e 1,60M01S also all the other large rooms. On the entrance to the magistrates' bench is placed an overcloar irs th. centre of which is engraved the c•-anity coat-of-armse - The magistrates' consulting-room, which will also br - used as extra court room when necessary% is in the reae lof the magistrates' bench. The puhlic entrance to th I court is on the north of the buiining, and adjoinin this is a staircase leading to thie • oouble cells, th dimensions of which are-14 ter bt 7 f,-et. The door are of iron casting, fitted with spring locks. Residences are pr:viiirii for th r,e rgearit and a con- stable on thy, north and south of the buildings, and the charge office lies lostween these houses. The bricks used in the building are of Accrington make, and the stone facings are from Cru.riowor h, York:afire. The contrac- tor is Mr. J)1313 `.`i • tiaoughton, Bolton and the architectural desizns are uv the County Council's architect, Mr. Henry Littler, Preston. the e a-. of the buildings roughly will Le betweel £5,000 and £t3OO.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

THE SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION AT BURTONWOOD.

The returning officer, Mr W Webster, has appointed Thursday, the 29th inst., as the date for the triennial eleotion of the School Board. The number of members to be elucted is five, and in the event of the contest each ratepayer will be entitled to give five vol.ea, which he may give to one candidate or distribute them as he sees fit. The hours of poll will be from 12 noon to eight p.m. The foltowing is a het of the persons who have been nominated :—MessrsWilliam Fairclougb, Brook Head, Buttonwood, farmer; Richard Forshaw, Collins Great) Brewery, brewer Thomas Forster, Ivy-lane , Farm, Buttonwood, farmer ; Thomas Noreott z7.mithy Ilo;1-,e Farm, Buttonwood, farmer; and William Southern, Rose Villa,Collins Green, secntary C3llins Green Colliery Company. Limitesl. LlNqtcHn CoMPOUND Trade Mark of Compound Essence of Linseed, for Con4hs an i Colls,—Advt. _ P.

The usual weekly meeting of the Earlestown and District P.S.A. Society, was held in the Co- operative Hall on Sunday afternoon, Ur. Ainsworth presided and the principal speaker was Mr. George Burgess of Salford. Recitations were given by Miss M Ord, and vocal items were submitted by Mr. A Jones, of St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• = :t

===== 0002601_19000323_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
i, - ' 11 , A ,

ii

. - 1 4ff' . .• :IT , A ' .., II . i If ' t , ; •') ) 1 • i % ' - r i I ' 1 t 41 ' tO. ' ' 1 : : '

===== 0002601_19000323_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING.

Thu Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the Country. The visitation is of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease, and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he had only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Com- plaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of In- fluenza. whose after effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, ag a great many have not yet, if they ever wile, regain their former health. As a Preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken ins time have often proved effectual in warding off attackr of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating thei severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes, Severe Headache, accompanied by difficulty of breath- ing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Less of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to esort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bit- ers. By common consent Patients everywhere admit hat they feel more depressed and miserable after an at- tack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more tban they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feelines is to take Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic- We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy Colds, Extreme Weskness and Lan- gour, with greater success than any other known Bemede. We may also add that as a remedy for Indiges- tion, Sleeplessness, Lew Spirits, Nervousness, and Loss of Appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands un- equalled. It is sold in bottles as 91 and 4s 61., by all Chemists, cod Patent Medicine Vendors, or direct car- riage free, I r the above prices, by the 3 'eonrietors : Quinine Bit era Mtnufacturing Company, Limited, Lianelly, South Wales. Avoid Imitations. See the name. "Gwilym Ears" on Label Stamp, and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

THEFT BY A 'Bus CONDUCTOR—AN INGENIOUS TRICE. At the Warrington Police Court, on Saturday; before Messrs. R. T. Fairclough and J. w. Hayward, Joseph Richardson, a 'bus conductor aged 14 years, was charged with stealing is. 34.. the money of E.l ward Connor, on the previous day, and Wiliam Melbourne, a driver, was claargei with receiving some of the money knowing it to have been stolen.—Strperintendent Monaghan stated the facts of the case. He said that Richerloon was a guard on a 'bus running from Scotland- road to the Cemeterv, and the second prisoner was the driver. For some ti-ne past the boxes in which the fares were put had been tampertd with, and mew had been missed- Shortly after 10 o'clock on 'Friday night a checker in the employ of Mr. Connor named Healey was ins'ructed to watch Richardson. He concealed himself near the Cemetery and saw the first prisoner take some money out of the box. He was arrested and confessed to baviug taken the amount msntionod in the charge, and giv ei some of it to Melbeuree.—Evi ience was then callech—Mr. Cornanr, jun., stated that at 9 o'clock on Friday night in consequence of information he receivr d be instructed Healey, the checker, to watch the prisoner. Oa the return of the 'bus to the office Healey brought the prisoner in. Richardson had 8d in his poss-esion which he said was parceds money. As he could only account for 4cl the police were sent for and he admitted stealing the money and other amounts on the compolsion of Melbourne. He said he had taken the meney to supply Melbourne with drink.—Toe Chairman expresse I the opinion that there should be a more effici- ent system of checking. Mr Cennor said that they employed the Manchester lystem.—Jaseph Healey the checker, said that at 9 10 on Friday night in coesequ erica of information he received, he concealed himselt in the Csmeterv. At 9.30 the bus Arrived and he saw Mel- bourne est off the box. Richardson was in the 'cue and he passed 2d to Melbourne who went into the Cemetery inn. Whilst he was in the Inn Richardson turned the fare box upside down an shook some copeers out of it On the 'bus returning witnese got on it and accused Richardson of the theft and ho 'said "I have only given Melbourne 2d to get a drink." Witness reported what be had seen to Mr Connor and he sent for Inspector Taylor. When he ceme Richardson admitted stealing is 3d from the box that day. Witnest proceeded to des- scribe the manner in which ths thefts were committed. He explained that if the guard held the box in a hori- zontal position whoa ta,kiug Vac faro the Money ramainee in the upper portion of the box and on turning the box upside down it could easily be shaken out.—lnspector . Taylor said that at 11 o'clock he went to Mr. Connor's - office and saw the first prisoner. He brouget him to the Police Station and afterwards went to the house ef Melbourne and also took him to the Police St:tion. Richardson said in the presence of Melbourne that he took is 31 from the box and gave 73 to Melbourne. Melbourne had been "on to hun all day" for a dent. He *ha, ged Richardion with stealing the money:end he replied "I eave nothing to say." In answer to tne charge of receiving the money knowing it to have been stolen Melbourne replied"' took the money from him notknew- ing it to have been stolen."—asked if he had anything to say Richardson said that Melbourne persuaded him te commit the theft. He said to him "Are you feared to do the trick" and he replied " I don't want to do it." Melbourne then askee him if be would not give him a " tiddler " (meaning a drink) and he (Richardson) said he had no money. He subsequently gave him the money out of the box.—Melbourne said he received no- thing from Richardson but what he knew was parcel's money. He never asked him if te could "do the trick." —The Chairman said that the Bench considered Mel- bourne was very much to blame. The theft had evidently been concocted between them. They did not wish to send him to goal and hoped it wculd be a warn- ing to him. He would be flood 30s including costs. They also thought Richardson was very much to blame. tie had given Melbourne 7d and ke'et. 81 which he sup- posed they thought was a very fair division. He would be kept in the cells till six o'clock and receive eight strokes of the birch. SCENE IN LIVERPOOL-ROAD.—VIOLENT ASSAULTS. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday before M!" F. Monks and other magistrates, Joseph Beddard, 29, Barbard-street, was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Liverpool-road at six o'clock on Saturday eve-log and with assaulting P.C. Woods. He was further charged with assaulting Benjamin Grimshaw (who was assisting the police) and Micriael Creenines, a bus con- ductor, at the same time.—Michael Creeeings bus con- ductor in the employ of Edward Connor stated that the prisoner was a passenger on the 5-50 'bus from Sankey- street to Sankey Bridges. In Liverpool-road he com- menced to create a disturbance about a lady paying her fare. He followed witness on the tep of the 'bus seizsd him by the throat and attempted to throw him off. P.C. Woods came on the scene and together they managed to get the prisoner who was very violent,off the 'bus —P.C. Woods said that at six o'clock he was on duty in Liverpool-road when the 'bus came up. He saw the prisoner on the top of the 'bus gripping the conductor by the throat. Witness went to the conductor's assistance and they got the prisoner down the steps. Prisoner kicked him (wit- ness) in the stomach. Mr. Grirnshaw came on the scene and asked witness if he would take the man to the Felice Station in his cart. Without any provocation the prisoner gave Mr. Grimshaw a violent kick in the Abdo- mete They eventually took the man to the Police Station in the carte—Benjamin Grimshaw stated that at six o'clock he was returning home in his float, when he saw a small crowd collected at the top ef Powys-street. The prisoner was struggling with P.C. Woods and kicked him in the stomach. He offered the use of his cast to take the man to the Police Station,and prisoner gave him a "fearful kick," causing him con- siderable pain,—Dstective Barlow said he saw Mr. Grimshaw on Sun ley and examined his injuries. His flesh was" like a piece of raw liver" and the wound Must have given him much pain. If it had been a couple of incheS lower down it would probably have killed him. —Prisoner said he did not remember what had conurred and was very sorry for what he hacidone. He had been teetotal for eleven weeks, but he had a bad cold on Saturday and took stens ruin which effected him.—The prisoner was committed to gaol for two months with hard labour, the magistrates treating him with Some leniency on account of his not having been before the court sine, 1891. Prisoner : I should like to apologise to Mr. Grimshaw and pay his expenses.—The Chair- man: You must settle that wi'h Mr. Grimshaw him- self. You miebt have injured him for life. I hope it will be a lesson to you and that you -sill keep clear of

WHEN FEELING LIVERISH REMEMBER

- that c-Ail'hift,"; 7-tifftif LIVER PILLS "Touch" the Liver. They absolutely cure Sick Headache, Bilious- ness, Torpid Liver, Indigestion, Constipation Sallow Skin, Dizzines,, Purred Tongue. Small pill, small Price, small a,,se, purely vegetable forty in a phial. Dose One at is. lid. of all Chemists. Be sure they are CARTER'S.

PEAUTIFUL TEETH FOR ALL WHO USE diy on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, je pleasantest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth And spaces betwea them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. A g'.> for SOZODONT. 2s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
the drink in future. (To Mr. Grimshaw) : We are par- ticularly obliged to you for the assistance you have rendered to the police but we are very sorry you have suffered so much in consequence.—Mr. Gaimshaw said there was so much of that sort of conduct that he was not safe. He would not have Woods' job for a pension (Laughter.)

===== 0002601_19000323_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES. Warrngton Borough Court.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. H. T. Fairclough (in the chair) and Mr. J. W. Hayward. THEFT OF Gls PlPlNG.—William Lee was charged with stealing from an unoccupied house in Platt-street between eight and ten o'clock on Wednesday morning a quantity of gas piping valued at ss, the property of John Platt.—He pleaded guilty.—Superintendent Monaghan said that the house in question, No. 8, Platt-street, had been empty for about a month. On Wednesday morning, the prisoner was collecting rags and bones in the neighbourhood and was seen to go into the back yard of the house and come out with a gas pipe which he broke across his knee. Information was given to the police and he was arrested and admitted com- mitting 'he theft.—Prisoner Idi i not go in the house ; I took it OM of the yard.—Superintendent Monaghan proved several previous convictions against the prisoner who was committed to gaol for a month with hard labour. Mos:Div.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Aldermen Sutton and Blackhurst, Councillor Smethurst and Messrs. Hayward and S. Wright. THEFTS FROM THE MARKET.—Hugh Fogg a boy residing at 62, Sharp-street, was charged with stealing from the stall of William Hewitt in the Market-place at 3 15 on Saturday afternoon two purses valued at is 9d, his property. He was further charged with stealing from the same stall on the 10th inst. a purse valued at 6d ,and with stealing from the stall of Mark and Spencer on Saturday afternoon a pair of eye- glasses valued ld.—He pleaded guilty to all the charges.— Superintendent Monaghan stated the circumstances of the case. He said that at 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon P.C. Clough was on duty in the Market Place in plain clothes and saw the boy running away from air Hewitt's stall. He fol- lowed him and caught him on the fair g:ound and found in his possession two new parses. He took prisoner to Mr Hewitt who at once identified them as being his property. It was also found that the boy had stolen a similar nurse on the previoef Saturday and sold it to a woman in Turner-st. and had stolen a pair of eyeglasses from the stall of Mark and Spencer.—The magistrates considered that the boy had been subject to strong temptation to some extent by people in the market exposing their goods and hoped that stall- holder; would take steps ta make it more difficult for thefts to be committed. Fogg would have to receive six strokes of the birch rod. MrscotwiEnus.:—Mary Engiand. 20, Melville-street, was, on the evidence of P.O 's Clough and Kane, bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay costs for disorderly con- duct in Winwick-road; fer throwing stones in Dallam-lane on the 9th March, J:mes Riley, 26, Jockey-street. and John Henry Dutton. 18, Warburton-street, youths. were fined 10s. —P.C. Clough proved the case.—Richard Littlefair. 33, Ker- foot-street, William Littlefair. 33, Kerfoot-street and James Isherwood, 28, Kerfoot-street. were on the information of P.C. Clough fined 25 6d each for playing a game called" top and coin" in Ker:oot-street on the 10th March.—George Pay- tn. 102. Pierpoint-street, Jonathan it therts 45 Catharine-a., Walter Roberts, 46, Catharine-street an-1 William Tryner jun., 8, Refuge-square, were each fined 75 6d f3r tossing with coins for money in Catharine-street on the 11th March.— , Samuel Heath, jun. 11, Garden-row and George Donoghue, 2, Melville-street, boys. were chat ged with tossing coins for money in Arpley-road on the 12th March.—P.C. Kane proved the case, —lt was stated that Donoghue had been before the Court several times for theft. He had been ordered to be sent to an Industrial School but the doctor woald not pass him on ac 'ount of his being delicate. He %yea too delicate to be birched. His parents neglected him and he had said that he liked being locked up "as he WAS better treated there than at home."—lleath was fined 25 6d and Donaghue was ordered to be kept in the cells for three days and fed on prison fare.

WEDmEsnly.-7Before Aldermln Sutton (in the chair), and

Messrs. Geddes and Erchall. WIFE ASSAULT.—John Kelly, Bank-street. was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wife, Margaret Kelly on the 16th inat.—Complainant gave evidence to the effe2t that she and her husband were ernpl,iyed at the same place. On Friday, prisoner who had been drinking all day, called her " foul names " and struck her several tim.ts in the face. She had to run out to seek protection.—Prisoner promised to sign the pledge and was bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay 5s costs.

Warrington County Petty Sessions Before Captain Witiainzton (in the chair) Mr. John

White, and Mr. Joshua Ball. POACHERS HEAVILY FlNED.—Albert smith and Samuel Major were charged with being in unlawful possession of three hares at Rixtort on the 11th March.—They pleaded guilty.—Mr. Bantle:use, solicitor, of Manchester prosecuted and described th case es being a very bad one. At one o'elock on Sunday morning, the 11th lust, P.C. Clarke heard the report of a gun on the Warburton side of the river, He proceeded to Warburton Brisige and wet the defendants. When they saw him they turned back. He followed them and on searching them found in their possession three bares and a gun. The defendants rendered themselves liable to charges of night poaching. taking game without a license and other offences. One of them was an old offender. He (Mr. Bellhouse) asked for an heavy penalty as at this time of the year it was a very serious matter to take hires—P.O. Clarke gave evidence in support of this stAernent.—Ar. Bellhonse asked the magistrates to make an order for the forfeiture of the gun but was informed that they could not take that course on the present charge.—Smith, who had made four previous appearances, having been fined 40s and costs in 1893, was fined 50s and coats, and Major who had previously borne a good character was ordered to pay 203 and caste, THEFT OF A SPADE AT HAYDOCK —James Bibby was ohayged with stealing a coal spade value Is, the property of Robert Hayes, Haydock on the Bth March. —He pleaded gialltv.—Robert Hayes, Boardman's Farm, Haydoek, identi- fied the spade produced as being his property. He saw it in the coal pace at 6-20 on the Bth March. shortly afterwards the prisoner came to the farm begging and he gave him some food. Alter his departure the spade was missed and he (prosecutor) subsequently saw the prisoner in the lane with it in his possession. He gave him into custody --Prisoner who had been before the court several times previously was committed to gaol for 21 days with hard labour. A POLICEMAN BaDLY USED AT NEWYON.—Patrick Burns was charged with being drunk in charge of a horse and lurry land with assaulting P.C. Fox at Newton on the 20th March. --He pleaded guilty.—P.O. Fox stated that the defendant, who was drunk, took the-horse out of the shafts and com- menced thrashing it. It ran away an the defendant fell asleep on the road side. Witness took him into custody and he became very violent and kicked him on the foot causing it to swell. He also hit him several times on the back and about the body.—A fine of 10s. and costs for the drunkenness land 10s. and costs for the asaault was imposed. A PECULIAR CASE.—AIf red Johnson was charged with falsely representing himself to be a deserter from the militia at Winwick on the 20th march.—Prisoner : lam a deserter from the 3rd West Yorks. I have been away since last August.—Superintendent Morgan said the prisoner had told him he was not a deserter and he had been "put up to it " ;at the Workhouse. He was satisfied from his appearance that he was not a deserter. No description of the prisoner could be found In the gazette.—A constable said the prisoner told him he bad represented himself to be a deserter because Ihe wanted to go to gaol.—Mr. Taylor P.C.M. offered to find employment for the man at a firewood factory and he Was discharged on promising to work.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDLY. —Before Messrs. AR. Norman (presiding), Samuel

Taylor and A. Timmins

EXCUSED FRIM RATEPAYING.-Mr. William Sutton. ABllll5- taut Overseer for Runcorn. submitted a Ist of about 10ii per sons to be excused from payment of the Poor Rata.-Mr. A. Woodier, assistant oveiseer of Halton, also submitted an excuse list of 32 persons.-The Chairman : It is rather a big list 'or Halton ?- Mr. Woodier : It is one less than last half year. The Betich excused the whole. BREACH OF BOND.-A. WoAIIN COM3I:2TED FOR 14 DAYS.- Ann Biwden, a marred woman, was chaiged wlis being drunk in Halton-road, on the 12th of Siarch.-hhe pleaded guilty.-Camstable hictwar 'IS stated that the woman was very tir-mk, an./ was being ch,iLed in..° the house by her hushand who haditold him she had bBen thinking since 3 o'clock. It was then half-pmt ten.-The Me.f..istiates' Clerk observed that the woman had been bound owe: ke:p the peace for'6 months, about 3 months previously, and the question was whether she would he dealt with on the original charge. She was liable to 6 months on the original eharke,fand one month on the present one. -Alter some deliberation the Bench oom- mated the woman for 14 days widsout the option of a tine. DRUNK7:NNESS AND BAD LANGUAGE -Phoebe Yalendar.for being drunk in Halton-mold. at about one o'clock in the morning was fined 5s and 8s 6d costs ; Moses White,ror using bad language within hearing of the public street wss fined 5s and 8s 6i cost i ; John McDonald, seaman of the boat " Elizabeth Jane" (1.0. M. had to amp 22s before he regained his libe: ty. for being chunk and disorderly on the 16th and 17th March.-- Superintendent Peareon observei the man was not an Irishman so there was no excuse for him. (laughter.) -Thomas Ainsworth, Shaw-street, berng a first offender as a drunkard, was let oif with an inclusive fine of ss; Richard Branch, a sailor, or a like offence received an invitation to part with 5s for his liberty. WHERE CAN THE Boy REP-John Thomas Philips. aged 17, was let out on his lather's recognisance of .10s the other day, to await trial at the Sessions for s:eeping out.-The father now appeared before the Bench wlth a story to the effect that the boy could not be found. --The Magistrates' Clerk : Then the question for us is : for you to show cause why you do not forfeit the 40s surety.- The father (William Tlsomas Philips) then submitted a statement disclosing the difficulties he had in managing the boy, and suggesting on account of the lad's habits he ought to go to the workhouse. -The ChM! man : That is all very well, but if the work- house is to deal with cases of that kind it will soon be full. It is your duty to find a home ,or the lad, and if no one will have him cs a lodger you should take a cottage. Anyhow It is your duty to keop a roof over him.-Finally the Bench extend- d the time, in which to produce the lad, to Monday next, and ehil:ps undertook to look far his hid until he found him, saving when he did he would hand him over to the police forthwith. ' A TRIFLING Ass tULT -Annie Cafferty, of Weston, was summoned by Alice Sutton, a neighbour, for an assault com- mitted by her on the 14th March last.-Complainant alleged the a.sault was the outcome of a quarrel among the children, and Mrs. Cafferty had both pushed and struck her in the , chest. -Defendant denied the offence, but was ordered to pay costs as,

Stoppage of Bold Hall Collieries. All the men who have been ernaged for the past four or five years in sinking pitshatts in the Bold Hall estate-at Clock Face, St. Helens, were paid off on Saturday, and the whole operetion of sinking and construction of shafts has been abandoned for the present. About 230 men have been discharged. It is believed that the company have stopped opera- tions in consequence of the high prices of fuel and iron. The two shafts which are intendel to be over 700 yards deep, have been only sunk to a depth of 180 yards. The stoppage will have a very serious effect en the little hamlet which has sprung up round the pit.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900. BODY FOUND IN THE RIVER ATI BANK QUAY. RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Inquest and Verdict. On Saturday afternoon, Mr. S. Brighouse, held an in- quest at the Police Station, on the body of Joseph Atchison, 45 years of age, a coachman, who had lodged at 27, Golb7rn -.3treet, found in the river near Messrs. Crosfield's Wuarf on Thursday morning. Ambrose Wyer deposed that he lodged with the de- ceasei at 27, Galborne-street. D?ceas3d, yea° was about 50 years of age, was up to February 18:11 employel by Captain Hughes, of Sherdley Hall, but when that gentleman left this country for the front Atchison was discharged. Mr. EAward Connor engaged him, having employed him before be was in the service of Captain Hughes. On Tuesday morning' February 20th, he went to Mr Connor's to start work, but being under the inflaence of drink, he was requested " to go home and have a sleep." 13.- left the yard and was never seen again. Witness know the deceased well, and identified the body. S:weral letters were found upon the body. The Coroner tbougnt the deceased might have come from Shropthiro. Witness, proceeding, said the decased ha'] told him that his wife and child %ere dead. He was a jovial man and never even hinted at taking away his life. .

John Rutter deposed that he vs an engine driver in the employ of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles. On Thurs- day m )rning he was on the river sank at Bank Quay, when he saw the body cf the deceased fhatino• in the water. It was recovered, the police were senefor, acd it was removed to the Patten Arms Hotel.

Joseph Co3per, also in the emplo; of Mr. Connor, as a cab driver, said he knew the deceased and saw him on the night of February 20th, whla he and the deceasei had drinks at several public-houses. He left him near the Fire Engine Station, and he went towards home.

A verdict of "O'crand drowi,ed" was returned.

CRIM:OTTERS Bussey's Demon Driver Bats are the grandest made. BUMF'S, New Match Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any others. BuSSEY'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. Buslnv's Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual Clam. BUSSEY'S Bags are made to wear. Buss Ev's Diary and Companion is a Gem for 6d. Apply for BuesEY's Catalogue from Local Sports Out- fitters ; 36 and 38 Queen Victoria Street. or 213. Regent St.. London. toaCtories : Peckham, London; and Elmswea. Suffolk.—Adyt, (3).

.„* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to notethat reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted

===== 0002601_19000323_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO YEARS OF LIFE IN GAYTHORN.

An Interesting Episode. The daily revelations .of our law onirts and facts in human experience furnish ample evidenle that occur- rences in rea, life are more wonderlul than any recorded in the imaginative productions of poet or novelist. This is true of life in all rinks of society and in every phase of existence. Among the working classes in Manchester there are experiences the relation of whicl may well excite our astonishment, as the foNw- ing narrative will show. An experienced iI chester reporter called upon Mrs. Kate Yexley, at No. 1, Chamba:s' Buildings, Jordan- street, Little Peter-street, Gaythorn, on Friday afternoon January 26,1900,and took from her own lips,in the pres- ence of her seconl daughter, the following story of the last two years of her life : "On the 29:h of April, 1898, I found it necessary to send for a doctor. I hal been suffering for some time from a terribly bad cough. Many times a day I got rid of large quantities of phlegm. A doctor came to see me from the Minches:er Royal Infirmary. He examined me and prescribed for me, and also told me to send for a trained nurse from the Nurses' Home, situated in The Crescent, Salford. I followed his instructions. The nurse came twice a day for three weeks or a month. She used to take my temperature every day. The doctor also coninoed to call. My cough got better, but there was no reduc'lon in the amount of the phlegm. Soon after this—about th- end of May—the doctor said I might go out a bit. When I told the nurse what the doctor had said, she observed that if he was not coming again to see me she could go also, and she ceased her visits.

' "Did the doctor come again ?" asked the reporter. " No," continued Mrs. Yexley, " but he told me I was to see him at the Infirmary as an (su:-patient." 'And did you go ?" " Well, let me tell you in my own way. It was on a Monday that I determined to walk out a bit, as the doctor had told me, and I went a short distance,but was glad to get home again ; 4ficl then I did a bit of sewing for my husband. It was while I was sewing that my right hand suddenly dropped to my side and became useless. The next day ( Tuesday) I started to g 9 to ,he Infirmary, but I could not get there. I had to come back. I staggered every step I took. I felt very bad. I then sent f n. the doctor:from the Infirmary,and he came to see me the next day (Wednesday). I told him I had lost the use of my right arm, He again examined me, sent me a bottle of medicine, also a" ruY.)bing bottle." _

"Something to rub on your arm ?" "Yes, and I used the application freely. Mc' nuiband and my daughter rubbed it on my arm right up to the shoulder, but to my surprise on the Friday Inorning the UM went out of my right leg also. WhPn my husband came home on the Sazurday afternoon—he had been away on the Friday— the neighb)urs told him how I was. I couldn't use my leg at all. It was like a wooden leg." " You were getting worse ?" pursued the interviewer* "I was very bad, I can as3uro you, and on Whit Sun- day my husband fetched another doctor, who pro- nounci-d me to be paralysed on the right side. He said I had he,nor.hage or some disease on the brain, and I must be removed at once. On Whit Monday I was un- conscious. Several doctors came to sea me. They or- dered me to be removed to the Infirmary, but there was no bed vacant until the Wednesday. I was taken to the Royal Infirmary on that day. When I had been there ah.:iut a week I heard the doctors and the young students talking r-iund my bed. They were talking about my case. I could not speak, although I could hear them." _

===== 0002601_19000323_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
"Did they operate upon you ?" asked the reporter.

"N', but I Was in the Infirmary seven weeks." " Did you regain the u3e ()your speech ?" was the next question. "Not until I had been there about eight or ten days. I had been unable to speak to anybody. After the seventh week they said I was to go to the Cheadle Convalescent Hoar!. I waq cluveved there and remained there eight weeks, claiefly in bed, but I was able now and then to go out into the G trdens, although for a long time I could not put my foot to the !„round. After being there two months I wanted to go home. troubled about my eldest daughter who is now 19 years of age. I could only walk with greatest difficulty. I still continued an out-p%tient of the Infirmary. I went there twice a week. I did that for abut two months. I could not use my hand, and I gave over going."

" How was that ?" " I got tired of waiting, and I used to be afraid lest I should fall while on my way." " Now tell me how it is you are as I see you to-day looking so well ?" " About 12 months ago last Christmas," resumed Mrs Ycx!ey, " I read in the • Manchester Evening News,' about a person residing in Dean-lane, Newton Heath, having been cured of paralysis by taking Dr. Williams' pink pills for pile people, and directly afterwards I de- termined to try a box. I took three boxes." "And when did you find any improvement in your Icondition ?" was the' next question. ' "Not until I was taking the second box. I then found that my power of speech was gradually coming back. I have hal two boxes since—five boxes alto- gether. I soon got to speak almost as well as Ido now. lam still taking the pills. I feel better now than I did [two years ago. I have got a good deal stouter. I am 40 years of age and I weigh 19 stone. When I went to Cheadle I weighed 16 stone, and when I came out caled 15 stone 'Jibs. I came out of the Cheadle Hospital on the 3rd of September, 1898." " You are certainly looking well now," observed the reporter," and when I called at your house leas evening I found you had gone to the theatre." " Yes," returned Mrs. Yealey,smiling, " I went with my daughter." " And now," added the reporter, "you have just been out in the pouring rain ?" "Yes, a person near here was killed suddenly by an acnident, and my second daughter and I have teen to attend the funeral." " Then you have every reason to speak well of Dr. Williams' pink pills ?" "I have, indeed. I have great faith in them. I have recommended them to other people, but Ido not know anybody who has taken them except those I have read about in the papers" "Had you any serious illness prior to two years ago?" "No, and I have been married 20 years on the 2nd of February next." "How old is your youngest daughter ?" "Eleven years." '1 I suppose you have no objection to your portrait being published, and your case being made public ?" " No, I shall only be pleased to let others know. I may tell you that before I went to Cheadle, and after I came back, I used to have pains in my back, which I am told are a usual accompaniment of paralysis, but they have gone. Dr. Williams' pink pills have entirely taken those pains away. Before I took the pills I used to have to lift my right hand to whatever place I wanted to put it with my left hand, but now I can lift it by itself (at the same moment raising her right hand to the back of her head.) Nobody ever thought, when I was taken to the Royal lafirmary, that I should ever come back alive. " You have told me you began to feel the gcyni effects of Dr. Williams' pink pills while taking the second bex ?" " Yes; after taking them I could feel a tingling in my right hand, as if the blood was circu'ating, and I began to walk bettne I can wslk along way now."

Mrs. Y.xley then showed a portrait .1 hirself taken 10 years ago. She looks as well now as then, but has grown much stouter.

Fatal Fall Downstairs.

At the Police Station on Saturday afternoon, Mr S Brighouse, held an inquest relative to the death of Ellen Fog, 71 years of age of 63, Ellesmere- street. Evidence was given to the effect that the deceased had been suffering from influenza for about a month and was miler the care of Dr Smith. On Sunday, March 11th, she was not well and went upstairs to bed, but when half way up she fell to the bottom. Dr. Smith had sent a note to the Coroner to the effect that the fall had killed the deceased. She died on Friday morning last.—The jury returned a verdict of si lieeldoital death."

===== 0002601_19000323_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP COMPETITION. Fine Performance by Warrington.

St. He!ens Defeated at Knowsley-road.

Warrington, in the first round of the Cup Competition, had one of the hardest tasks in the draw set before them, as they were obliged to tackle Sr. Helens on their own ground: The Saints have done very well in the League Competition and as they defeated Warriagton at Wilders- pool, there was plenty of confidence in the glass town that they could do it again. Warrington,however, by no means feared the encounter and went forth determined to enter the second round somehow. Their recent smart displays encouraged them, and at the same time en- couraged their supporters, who to the number of a thousand or two travelled to St. Helens. The crowd there was not very large, and the Warrington contin- gent seemed to be the stroagest. Though snow was ' falling heavily when the special trains laft Warrington everything was satisfactory at St. Helens, the ground being in perfect order. Both teams turned out as selected, St. Helens having to take the field minus Foulkes at full back. Mr. Prfestley (of Broughton) was the referee, and the teams lined out as fellows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Duckwortu, and Hockenhall, threequarters ; Bate and Burgess, half-backe ; Taylor, Morrison, Mereweather, Boardman, Scholtze, Elea, Swift, and Antriebus, for- wards. S. Helens : Mercer, full back ; Liversage, Barnes,' Traynor and Doherty, three-quarters ; Boyle and Apple- ton, half-backs ; Briers, Green, Bentley, Thorns m, Dale, Mooney, Prescott,and Whiteley.forwards. Promptly to time Taylor set the bail in motion bef ere 3,000 spectators, and against the breeze. The ball went m touch, and was returned by Traynor, Boardman making a mark which settled play in the home quarter. St. Helens got possessien, but Traynor was slow and Isherwood intercepted, the ball being sent to the line where Hoekennall made a goad attempt to score. A feul tackle by Traynor was penalised, and Fieh had an abor- tive shot at goal. Warrington kept on the offensive, Bate, Isherwood and Fish putting in a pretty round or passing which Mercer only checked in time to oblige Fish to kirk dead. St. rielens even- tually got into the home half through the agency of Dale, wholfollowed up finely. The home team's efforts were very crude, and the smart tackling of the War- rington men soon averted any danger. Liversage put in one or two good runs down the touch line, but was always bowled in touch on coming to Hockenhall. The game was kept going at a fast rate and was of the typical cup-tie order, shirt rushes and prompt tackling being the general order of things. Fish had another penalty kick, but was a long way off the mark, and then the Saints rushed the oval to the Warrington line where Hallam saved splen- didly. For a time the home team showed some smart- ness, Barnes putting in a spanking run into the War- rington quarter. Appleton got clear from the scrum- mage and fed Liversage, but the wing man was too well watched to get far. Faulty play by Traynor enabled Warrington to clear, and the game was soon being contested in the home quarter. Mereweather headed a grand dribble which looked certain to result in a try when Mercer brot•ght off a daring save. Beck came the Saints with a rush, Fish only just saving his die. A poor kick on his part sent the ball to Deherty, and the wing man had only to pick up to score. Instead he knocked on. Warrington got the upper hand again afrer this, Fish running grandly to the St. Helens' quarter flag. Liversage had a warm haniful given him, and mulling the catch owing to Duckworth's 6050 attention, he presented Hocketahall with an easy try. No goal fol- lowel, but the chenille was tremeneous from the War- rineton section. The reverse roused Sc.Helens and they made several spasmodic efforts to score, but tne men in front were too smart for them. Half-time came with Warrington a. try ahead. Traynir restarted,and Warrington were soon attack7ner with the aid of the breeze. Mercer got ternus,anel The Warrington backs played on him continuously, with the result that Se Helens were almost centinually defending. Burgess tried hard to squerzi over, but was held up on the line. Sr. Helens had a very anxious time here, but et last Bate was penalised, and the kick brought them relief. Both half backs were as fault in putting th- ball in, and a number of free kicks against Warringten gave St. Helens a chance. Hallam was repeatedly 'ailed upon, but acqaitted him- self well, and the Beige was raised eventually. Mer- cer let his side down again and Warrington got near the line. Bate secured and punted across for Fish. The ball hit the posts and Fish being near caught it on the bounce and scored smartly. He aeain failed at goal from the easiest of places. St. Helens were now quite over-played, and though they occasionally entered the Warrington half they never looked like scoring. Five minutes from the finish Mereweether was injured and had a fin, Warrington being left with fourteen men. Hallam was cheered for a lengthy punt and tackle of Mer- cer, St. Helens again having to act on the defensive. The final soon came, Warrington winning with ease by two tries (6 points) to nil.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn V. Birstall.

The want ef a qualifying round in the Northern Union Cup Competition was amply illustrated through- out the country last week: Perhaps as pitiable an example as any, was the meeting at Runcorn between the above teams. Runcorn gave several of their princi- pal players a rest, but the team that did fee!! Birstall possessed such an overwhelming superiority that it were absurd to attempt recording the game in detail. In the words of the crowd it was a " tea party" Runcorn were having, and lucky for Birstall's self conceit that the Linnets did treat the matter as a joke ; else, pnchance, Birstall would never raise up their heads again. Tries were scored by Jones (4), Faulkner (3), J Butterworth (2), Lightfoot (2) and Woods. Farmer, however, out of 12 attempts only succeeded in improving three, which was a pity seeing what a grand opportunity for practice he was throwing away. Final result :—Runcorn, 3 goals, 12 tries (42 points) ; Birstall, nil.

LANCASHIRE JUNIOR 'LEAGUE.

FLETCHER —1(17-S-S-ELL'S V. LOSTOOE GRALAM.—At War- rington. Fletcher's pressed, and in tOe first five min- utes Antrabus scored, this being quickly followed by Radcliffe and Lawless. Then the last named secured two more,being followed by Radcliffe. Half-time:—Fletcher's 22 points; Lostoal nil. In the second half, Antrobus, Radcliffe, and Knight score-I, and then the visitors sccred, the kick at goal failing. Antrobus then scored again.. Final :—Fletcher Russoll's 36 points ; Lostock Gralain three.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CUP-TIE FIXTURES.

The sub-committeo of the Northern Union met at Huddersfield, when the following appointments were made : SATURDAY.—SECOND ROUND. Altrincham v Leeds Parish Church : A Brooke (Brig- house), referee ; AG Paul (Swintrn) and W H Taylor (Stockport), touch judges. Huddersfield v Workington: J Priestley (Brouzhton), referee ; S Ramsden (Brighouse) and F Lowrie (Batley) touch judges. Bramlev v J Oakland (Outwood Church), referee ; F Morrell (Bradford) and P F Farrar (Halifax), touch judges. Holbeck Swinton: W M'Cutcheon(Oldham),referee; W Rayner (Batley) and F J Rowlands (Bradford), touch judges. Halifax v Oldham: J Bruckshaw (Stockport),referee; El W Depledge (HuVersfield) and J Latham(Wakefield), touch judges. Normanton v Batley: H W Bairsto (Flunslet), referee; A Brown (Brighouse) and J F Shires (Eastmoor), touch judges. ,di:ffe V ST:roo'h S Williams (Salford). referee ; M.Gowan (Broughton) and T Melledew (Rochdale), touch judges. Leigh v , S Ilford : B Ashton (Oldham), referee; R Abbey (Stbokport) and J Edwards (St Helens), touch judges. Runcorn v Maryport : R H Moore (Oldham), referee; J Barnes (Warrington) and W Atkinson (Widnes), touch judges. Rochdale Hornets v Hull Kingston Rovers : TEI Mar- shall (Bradford), referee; J H Houghton (St. Helens) and W Clegg (Stockport), touch judges. Stockport v, Tyldesley : E Holmes (Rochdale), re- feree ; J Underwood (Wigan) and W Jones (Salford) ; touch judges. Broughton Rangers v Morecambe : F Hancock (Run- corn), referee; V Ingham (01Jham) and E Beswiek (Swinton), touch judges.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
e`rr• g 4... 'ANN o' t &CM •

G RATE FU L-COM FORT! NG.

COCOA

aREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

£5 Reward

will be paid to anyone furniahing evidence on which a con- viction can be secured against any dealer substituting or palming off an haferior imitation or counterfeit wheu

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is asked for. Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the most succe•sful medicine in England for the rapid and effective cure of Coughs. Bronchitis, Asthma, Influenza, and Whoop- ing Cough. It has the largest sale and the greatest record. Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Solo by Knowles, Warrington ; Peake, Eariestown and Newton; Weston, Runcorn ; Foggitt, Widnes; Boots Ltd„ aud all Chemists, and Co-operative Stores.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL DELIVER FREE AT YOUR

DOOR,

This handsome, rich-toned Piano on7receipt of 10/61 The first monthly payment, and guarantee . t for 25 years. Discount for Cash.

PL-ota Catalogues sent free to any

readers of The Warrington Examine

Organs and Harmoniums, 5/- per month. „

Rlsor offer to be dim o,ed of.--Filed Fish, Chipped Potty on and Co.)ked Meat BUSINESS, with good house in main thoroughfare, delth cause of giving up, doin good trade.-139, NETKERFIELD•RO

BOROUGH OP WARRINGT3N.-TO F-1/15 APPLIANCE 'MANUFACTURERS. of The Health Committee of the Council of the Boroug-,70 Werrington is prepared to receive TENDRILS for frio. APPLIANCES at the Infectious Diseases Hospital, street, Warrington. Specifications, &c., may be seen, and all further inforl; tion obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Tool Hall, on and after Tuesday next, the 20th instant, at 11,0 place tenders must be dellvered on or be:ore Twelve o'!) der on Wednesday, the 4+ll day cf April. 1901, endorsed " for Fire Appliances." The lowest or any tender not nercs.crilv accepted. TILOS LONGDIN. Borough Sur velo Borough Surveyor's Office, March 16th, 192.0.

PRIM. LINCOLN HANDICAP AND GRAND NATIONO. SESD &tamped address at once fora grand double e sent free. As a trial. a brilliant unbeatable special lug next week also stilt. Don't rules it. Send earli• m 9,63, High Holborn, Lomion.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
IL._ ,':-._• ka.;",,•::--- ' `'- , ',-'4 ':,'

77."‘1111

===== 0002601_19000323_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
777

===== 0002601_19000323_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
Lit 12 25 322, diy, 3 38, a Sat Wi 2 IS, days only, vv 620, Wlj 3 4, 3 3,5,

===== 0002601_19000323_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E 4.•

===== 0002601_19000323_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
RALWAY TIME TABLE

MARCH FROM NV all INGTOS licVn tedge-7 10, 7 43, 8 28,9 50,10 20, 11 35 1 25, 2 55. 6 20, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10,15 a.m. Altsar and Hillhouse-7 15 831, 1 14. a 3 22, Suniays 9,36 52 55. a Stops if requtrea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. b 3 23, 7 10, 9,50 11 57 6 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58, 10 15, ablondays excepted* Mondays only; Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 1255, 5 0 6 65,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529,545, 835, 957, 11 50,2 10, 4 50, 6 23, 8 50. Sundays 843, 60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 56,11 50,12 25,2 10,3 50,4 50, 6 28, 7,17, 8 50,9 40. Sundays 3 43 3 356 0. Bolton- 8 'es. 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57 p.m. Carlisle-5 29, 5 45. 966 11 50. 12 25, 2 10, 4 50. Sun- days 335

_ Ohesie-r-7 37, 817, !9 5. 102. 113, 31. 12 30 1 40. 2 15, .4,20 316, 422,5 7.6 4,7 44, 10 14,11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45 11,35 Collins Green-75, 8 5,8 35,9 25, 10 10,12 7,2 35, 3 40. 5 15, _ 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a 2 58, b 3 23, 7 10. 9 50, 11 57 1 25, 25, ° 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15 4 5,11 35.ablondays excepted. bMondas only. Daresbury-7 37,'9 5, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 5 7, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby micuanB)_..6,sl, 8 46, 9 58„11 55, 12 05, 3 18, 4 7 0, 6 55,11 62. Sundays 515 p.m EarlestoNs n-5 45. 75, 85,8 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 13,10 20,10 55 ,!::1 55, 1.2 7,12 25 1 15, 2,35 3 403.505 5,40 ',3? 7 9 7 40, 55, 10 30 Sundays, 1 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 o‘, p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 5) 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays 843,240.80. Frodsham-7 37. 95 10 23. 12 25. 240.315,422,57, 6 4 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. , garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 5, 515, 40 75, 80. 8940, dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 4. 955, 11 25, 39 Bat_ ,7 10 9 131 10 18: dSatur days only. Saturdays excepted. Glasgow-5 29, 956 11 50, 12 25. 2 10, 4 50. n Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 1055, 14 25, 1 15, 3 50. 523 7 17, Sundays 8 43. 6 0. r,uough Ureen-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 215. 60, 75, 80, 89 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 11 - 39, 9 18. aSaturdays ouiy bSaturdays excepted, Irlam and Ca.dishead (Cent-n.l)-7 0,7 55. 8 2, 7 10, 9 1 Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 951. 10 49, 12 36. 1 14. 2 L 3, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13. 78, a 7 45 27. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. _ Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, (so 32. 75, 85, 8 35 10 55, 12 7, 12 25, 2,35 3 40 5 20. 7 8,7 40. 1030. Sunday 5, 5 10, 5 30, 8 35, 843, 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From Higu Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level I'latform)-7 30, 825, 10 9 42, 155.320,520, 6 11,i 0, e \•t. Sundays 848, 240, 80 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 is, 7 67, 8 31, 95. 1024, 120, 13, 18, 2 15, 3 37. 40. 5 55, 75, 80, 89 a4O 10 25 1142. Sundays 9 J 9 55. 11 25,2 39, 7 10,9 18 1018, 10 43 baturdays only. iexcept ;aturdays. London kL. &N. W.)-2 588, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 11 57. 2 0 20, 622, 11 34. undays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,b1ondays excepted aldondays only. _ London (Midland)-5 51, 8 46, 9 58, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 bundays 21 46 a.m., 5 15 p.m. lO4il 14rarla (From Arpley Station.)-6 20. 7 22,8 0,8 35. 9 0,9 55 5,12 36, 1 14, 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. umadaYs 850. 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only 10-anthester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 75. 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 43 ,55, 12 14. 1225, 115. 229, 332, 426 . 5 20, 7 17, 8 8 40. 1032* Sundays 311 515 607 57 F^Dna High Lave Pla„" orni, 9 glanuchester (From Arpley Station)- 620 7 22, 80, 8 35, 1.0 49, 1 14, 2 22,3 38. 4 11,6 13. 78, 9 27, Sundays vo. 3 8, 8 12 . I,kanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 ',5,5 11 6,11 50, 1255, 155, 255, 3 55, 4 05, 5 55, 6 55 8 13, 8 55, 9 65, Sundays a 56. 9 37, 10 14 "0, 315,5 05,'! 18,8 559 25 10 0. 3liddlewic2-7 40, 10 2.). 2 05/4 5 358.7 20.bSaturd ys only koere-7 40,10 20,11 35, 1 25.2 55.535,7 20. Stine 4,,Fis 10 15

• tlavrton-le-Willows-7 5. 8 5, 8 35,a9 19,10 20, le 40, 10 55 Q`` 20, I 15, 332, 3 50, 4 26, 4 SC. 5 20, 717 9 20, 9 55. .Undays 843 a in 3 35, 5 15, 6 0,7 07. 9 54s via enyon, k„adgate-7 0,7 65, 82, 8 40, 1028. 11 6, 12 0 1 20, 1 40, a, 7 10, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, ? 47, 5 15, 93 Yrestort-5 2, 545, 8 35, 9 55, 11 50, 12 25, 210, 3 9506 28 7 17, 850, 940 cW 55. Sundays 8 46, 335 60, 04. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 82z,, 945, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8 0 2 ,banke.Y (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 8 0 5, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,75, 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40 blO 25, Sundays 011 25, 2 33, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays excepttd biaturdays only, clloadays only. (C.L.C.) , B,.beftleld (lidland) via Chinley and D ore Line-8 47 105 05. 3 14, 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, ISt lielens-5 32, 75, 85, 35,9 25.1( .0, 10 55, 11 55 12 55 2 25, 2 353 40.5 20,6 58,7 8,7 40. Sundays 835.8 43,6 0,9 46 3 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 22, 4 056. 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 36.2 5, 8 55, aSatur lay s only. 38, 4 11, Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 36,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.2 23, 618, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-756. 9 o 5, 11 5, 120, 18, da4 16, 2 58, 40, 529, 60, 75, 80, 925, ab 40, blO 25. Sun- 31' 90, 9 36, 2 39. 9 18, ltiaSaturday excepted. bSaturdays only. a ,2N id ne s( L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 825. 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 0, 5 20,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848. L 40,8 0. 3 Vergzau- 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,10 55,11 50, 12 25,1 15.2 10 a 3L.-61:49 540,: .5 20. 626,7 17,8 50. 9 4), 9 55 Sundays. 843.

Aston Ba,J WISILILINGTON Sunlay 7 65184;6. 30. 7 45, 8 52, 11 2, 120.335.445,72. Altftr and iki7 • Suuday, , alhouse-11 26, 12 48, 7 18, 8249 57 Bi • 2 21. 8 22. rmingham (ra 5 50, 7 a 6. & N. W.)-3 10 5 50 7 20, 9 10, 12 25, 2 0 Birmingham Indays 3 10, 12 40, 7 0. 5 I;l7l,lNlLlani (Midland)-6 5. 7 42. 850 11 48, 125 2 45. b bu, blO 30 11 19, bunday 4 15, am4o, 11 19 bliscept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30. 10 48.12 30, 3 47, 5 27. 750 Sunaays,B 0 1 47 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8,8 5,10 40, 11 40 1 40, 3 15,5 23 2 35 10 O. Sundays? 25, 1 35 5 12, 7 35. Blackpool (Central) -7 55, 8 25. 10 0, 10 11 2 55, 4 10, 458,55, 6 50. 815. 108 Sundays 7 10, 1 15, 7,840.& Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25. 12 30, 5 10,7 15, 8 35, 10 50. bundays 8 20 a.m.. 6 5,9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only, Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 1 60, 4 22, 5 55, 8 41, Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0,4 30 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondaya txaepted. Chester-7 25,8 45, 10 10, 1140. 155, 2 10, 30,35, 5 15 6 35,7 30,8 10, 8 50, Sundays 2 32, 435. 6 30,6 55, Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24. 11 23, 12. 38 1 8 1,52,2 10, 3 10, 4,1, 5 38. 623, 6 36, 747, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday ' 15, 811a.m. Crewe- 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 2 50 4 15 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10,920 4 55.

Daresbury -8 16, 10 17, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 40, 8 12, 935, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 t 5, al2 35, 3 35, Sundays 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, 6 35. alixcept asoodays. E4rlestown-5 53, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 25, 11 26 16, 1 42, G 13. 3 14, 5 15, 5 52; 630 7 33, 8 8 9 20, v. Sundays 8 33. 9 52,9 57. 10 0, 3 45. 7 24 Fiddler's Ferry & Fenketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 29, 327 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 _2, 2 57, 5. 2. .rodsham_7 55 9 1, 10 1, 1111, 231, 411, 5 31, 637, 831 •-,sys 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. (iarston (Cheshire Lines)-732. 8 0, 90, 950, 10 48, 11 49 'a 0, 14, 2 11, 32, 4 56. 59. 5 56, 6.) 1, 83 94u Sunday 23,9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. ~_%taaguy,--a9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 9 5, aßlon ',Al' eccpted. ixolborne-6 4448 26. 10 12. 12 28 2, 41, 4 35, 5 30, 7 1 9. • Sundays 940, 7 5. I*,,l4mugh Urreen-7 45, 8 15, 99, 133, 1055, 1.17 130, 2.22 510, 53, 67,7 11,7 33,9 15. dualaYs . 837, . 920, 3,2 5,9 4, 9 10. Irlarn and Cadishead . (Central) - 9 53, ; 5 5. 8 50, 11 20 Sundays I 0 oU, 6 53, 8 40. 10 0.; ,1-atc2ford-8 14. 8 40, 9 34. 102. 11 16, 1 20, al 45. 2 13 3422, lb 41, 67, 6 49, 7 49, 96, 9 42 11 27. Sundays 823 7 23. aSatu. days only. bliiaturdays excepted. Liverpoohvia Earlestown)-10 a 2 A 5,60,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 6. 1 60, 610 4 2., 4 50,z-, 35.7 5,8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday, '• 07 30,9 20. 630,5 40 a sloudays only. a Via Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 25, 8 20, 95, 9 50, 1230, 1 25, , 40, 420 520 65, 83u, 1045, Sundays, '1 35,2 10, 7 1 0.45. " ThLiverpool (Cheshire Lines)--5.20, 7 10, 7 40, 8 43, 9 38, `2 33, 11 2u, 11 50, 12 43, 1 55. 2 33, 4 40, 4 50, ° 38, 6 35, 5,0, 840, 110, Sundays BU, 90, 230, 250, r 630, 8 33, ~„•-,endon (L 8; N W)--5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15, 4 15, 12 0 Sundays Is 0, 6 30, 12 0. 4 Loudon (Midland)-5 15, 90, 10 5.12 10, 2 0 40,5, e 9 15 11,40ays 3 15, 12 0 aexcept Mondays. n'Yrnm-8 7, 20' 9 25, 9 54. 11 8, 111, a 137, 25, 25 14, b 5 36, 5 t9,"' 7 41,8 58 a 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15,2 25 15' aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. , Blanchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 9 5, 10 45, 11 15 45, 1 5. 1 35, 3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 75, 7 10. 8 0, 9 23, 10 40, "nctayE, 80, 8 30, 90,6 0. 9 30, 10 40 Saturdays excepted 25Blanchester (London-road)-7 25. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35 ' 40, b 55, 520, 65,75. 8 20 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 730 4 tivj3o baaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. ,-ancheater (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 933 30, 10 65, 11 30. san 1230. 13),2 30, 330, 430,448 a 1;:;, 6 3u 8 38, 730 833, 1) 0, 11 0. Sundays ".9 10, 9 in •1 -, 40, O,S, a 6,6 35 20, 9 40, 4 Saturdays 051 y, • Bilddlewich-6 48:2 47, 6 6. titt!re--6 56,96, 11 14,12 14,3 47,5 0,7 33.Sundays,8 19,4 8 3, 2 6 55, 7 25. 8 42, 9 11, 10 9, 11 8, 12 38, 1 0,1 28, 1 5 10,0 51, 510, 5 49,6 27, 7 30. 80, 915, 9 55. 11 4. 11 47, int2s 8 3.°'49,0 0, 3 40, 7 120. 11 5, ''‘t -e 7 8 7 48, 826 90,106 1 9, 210, 5 18 73, 910 Itutaba Pre4 853, 11 20, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. 830 0, 21.1 9, 45, 6 50, 96, 9 30,10 10,11 28, 120, 3,4 20,640 1049. Sundays 291 45, 835, 30, 6 10, 10 47, ur, '.4ol(lays excepted. 830ileoro 839, 919 10 15,10 26, 12 30, 1 25, 32,4 40 541, 810 g 53. 240a4,keY-6 53, 756, 8 31, 9 32, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 1.084U0e31a,54-783,529,525,82.1, 5 40, 6 22, 726, 8 6 932. sundays, 8 49, 115,1 55, 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10. 6 10. 155 •Helens-6 20,6 55, 80. 8 28, 9 15,10 5,10 55,12 512 25, 7 !ti40:11,1 hsspo: r6_ 4t35058,, 59.552. 9 0 5,8 10, 6 55. 7 25, 650 10 30, Sundays 1n 10,11 10,12 30,2 10, 2 45, 3 55, 70, 8 4 148! all-. 8 10, 8 36, ' 9 30. 958, 1112,, 115, 1 41, 292 55 Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aSaturdays only. 37, 63, 545, 7 45,9 2, 9 37, 1123. Sundays, 819,229 Wld 25 (Cheshire Line)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25 0 3 64. 4 25, 629, 812, 716 7 58, 9 22a 11 42, aSun- a 42 3, 33, 5 0. 9 10.9 20, a Saturdays only. 3 guinea L & N W)-7 5 8 56, 933. 10 33, 12 16, 12 57, 22, 6. 4 8, 5 0, 5 65. 646, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250, • 11 2. Wi 3 27gau„ - 633, 8 15, 9 31, 9 56. 10 0, 11 23, 12 15, 1 45, 230 325 4 25, 4 56, 5 20. 65,75, 9 0, 1030, Sundays 239 935 6 53, 11 13, many OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT. fataieseeltree.et aches and gentlemen have by them old or disused (establi 11'111'1°4 might as well be turned into, money. R. D. and J. B. Fraser, of Princess-street,' Ipswich Your te:hed and 1884). buy old false teeth. If you send val to theri they tn will remit you by return of post the 7: alue ; or if preferred, they will make you the best 7:7.s and held the teeth over for your reply. If references --ledvriapply to Messrs. BACOX and Co., Bankers Ipswich.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
J!

===== 0002601_19000323_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ror0; Toff .Wl' 'OlOo: rend°

11, y•--

Mlein

===== 0002601_19000323_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVBRIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S Lane tshire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Whin & Earlestowu London, Foreiglt, and the South • Midland Counties 86 South Wales Preston, Nor, h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester .... . Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton. & Chester London and Foreign, South, S.- astern, Midland, Northern, Hastern Countiet, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

Extra Stampd.

2-20 p.m.

3-15 in.

6-5 a.m.

. _ , ' •

The Indian Famine

Atfurgent appeal is being issued by the Warrington Indian Famine Relief Committee to the inhabitants of the town and district appealing for funds on be- half of famine stricken India. The appeal has been sent to the various works and the employere are asked to open a subscription list at their works The appeal states that our great Eastern Depen. dency is again confronted with a famine of unpre- cedented severity, and the pathos and tragedy of the situation are emphasised by tne plague at Bom- bay. Extensive districts. with a population of 60,000,000, are more or less affected ; and in some parts the famine is so severe that 90 per cent, of the cattle are lost, and the distress is spread- ing rapidly. Already nearly 4,250,000 people— a number exceeding the population of Lanca- shire— ara being saved from actual starvation by Government relief, and many millions more are on the verge of destitution. During the famine in 1897 the people of the United Kingdom remitted to India £773,000 and of this amount Lancashire con- tributed the magnificent sum of nearly £160,000. It is impossible to estimate the value of the timely and generous help that was extended to India in the time of her extremity three years ago. The fearful suffering can scarcely be estimated which would result if, in consequence of our present troubles and anxieties, the same generous assistance were not rendered now. It must be re- membered, too, that to alleviate our troubles and anxieties India, in common with our Colonies, has extended a helping hand to us. When the last Indian Famine Fund was raised Lancashire was passing through a time of great commercial depres- sion. Now the position is one of general prosper- ty and although the benevolence of the public has been severely taxed, another generous. reqsouse will surely be made to the cry for help, from the suffering millions of India Everyone can lend a helping hand, is will maintain a poor widow for a week. 203 will maintain a family for f a month ; £lOO will supply the seed- grain and plough cettle to enable a whole village to make a fresh start.—The local committee has also decided to make a street collection at an early date.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

LO-30 ~

1 -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

- 4-

RECEIVING Ho USE— Rarlestown

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction...., Church-st., G-olborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p time as letters.

WEEK-DAYS 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m.

6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 _and_7 p.m.

8 a.m. and 4-30 P.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m Ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.in. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

10-35 a.m

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Sunday

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m I ,10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

1 Nil. 110-15 a.m

from the deceiving Office at Earlt .m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

S FOLLOWS :-

I 59 By I Callers. Postmen, . 7-0 a.m.

7 • a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 ~ 11-30 „ .11-45

11-30 a.na

1- 12-0

.245 p.m.

2-lb „ 13-15 ~

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE . lAA 'MINER, FRIDAY, MARCH 23 1900

===== 0002601_19000323_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V

===== 0002601_19000323_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
pL treVir_24.2lßea. -41

Lb r "Opuntitzr " cintv,s'

OF LANCASHIRE AND CRE9ITTRE COUNTY N ws PAP E Comprises

THE Warrington and Mii-Cheshire ExamiNer. pul lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published 1 every Friday afternoon. 'THE St. Helens Examiner, pu,blished every Friday _I. afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri .1 day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday I. morning.

J. WALLER 8L Co.,

CURES when all other Remedies fail.

ris'esssl— r 4:1 I 1 t‘ eot Vil4l 1. 1 -41/11fr- -1 0 -

===== 0002601_19000323_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

• RELIEVIn'ALL PAIN AND TrIROPEINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. _ -

Boxes, 1 of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENIKM.

Aggregate Prize L. etn must be wor,

3IATCIiES PLAYED MARCH 31.

1 Preston N. E. v 2 Newcastle U. ... ... ...

1 Notts Forest v 2 Sheffield U.

1 Sunderland • 2 Bury ... ... ... ... ... ...

1 West Bromwich A v 2 Derby County... ... ...

1 Burnley • 2 Aston Villa

1 New Brighton v 2 Grimsby 606 *Of 1.6 0.6

1 Gaiasborovgh v 2 Middlesbrough ... ... .

1 Burton Swifts v 2 Chesterfield

1 Llanelly v 2 Swansea —.. ... ... ... ~

1 Portsmouth v 2 Devonport A. ... ... ...

,

OUR P:,3 ()TIM LI, CO TITIC N. 5(00 for 10 correct results ; 6-425 for 9 correct results (if not won) ; 23 for next best if neither Acso nor ,‘25 1(13 for next best (if #‘so or £25 is won) ; £3 sender of the most Cot,cons.

,4"-so 4 is WOrt to the

An Aggregate Prize of Zioo will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points• during the season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the £5O prize will be credited with 4 points the £25 prize 3 points; the £2O prize z points; and the Zro prize r point.

20 Coins for SHILLING P 10.; If in Stamps, 15 are re EACH OF THE NUMBERS LOW REPR:

leas to win in thq

N EXAMINER" SERIES COUPON. ,tor has to do is to repeat the number of the Club he se

WARRINGT Each Club is numbered lor 2. All the Competi space provided. If a draw is intended put X. —NOTE.—Don't cut the Coupon into strips, send the complete form. This Competition is run in conjunction with the "Competition Key," and other papers. NAME

ADDRESS

The last Football Competition of the Season will appear on April 14th,

CONDITIONS.

(—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in more th...n one free conp mi. Enclose Id. stamp for every other coupon used. One Shilling Postal Order must be enclosed if all toe eaupons on above sheet are used Any number of coupons can be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. Z.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. .3.—No competitor can take more than one share of the £lO prize. 4.—The coupons must be forwarded to the Examiner Office Warrington, the envelope to he endorsed Football Coupon," so as to be delivered by the first post on Thursday morning. If the envelope bears Wednesday's postmark, it will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. s.—Competitors demanding a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Or r (if any), and nurn ber of coupons sent. In the event of the claim proving correct the fe will be returned. 6.—ln the event of two or more competitors tying, prize money will be divided. 7.—A1l attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 attempts are made, the coupons of unsuccessful competitors for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in, in the next competition,so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors 9.—The results will appear in the fir t issue following the result of the matches.

[RESULTS OF COMPETITI )N AND LIST OF WINNERS ON PAGE 5.]

lwa GUI Zt.7. El

TE BE ~ESENTS A COUPON. :Tee 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 6.04 ••• 000000 ••••ii ..• • ........................................................................ • 6 .. . ...... ••• ••• 1104 • 00. 01111111•11.1=1.., M.lOl "- '0

===== 0002601_19000323_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
.......- Ve• l'''''''' '2l ',"'. • P.-: be/ ' t , v:r . '•-•4 : ' PIO ;k47-.14 .'! '' , • • , A..... -'44., iv ~ otefrife 1 ' Av. - 644,. .....E., ' '''' , pi. 4 k•V ;:,.. , .c.,... t. _ t'< ~, tt , ~,,4,, ; • , ,-- 1.

FOR

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constlmition9 Phut

Weak Stomach; hvg,atiectur I.9l7petion,,

Disordered P :uer 6,-, Fe.),7,-mar,],a 11,Aniicilits ..

Prepared. only by the Proprietor, TRO:kIAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes. Is. I.Ad. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

• IP Li' 1••• • - , )I\IVI Bilious andkg 44z0 HEADACHE 1....;(4011 Diq. viuv 4j3 1,6)

_SUCH AS

INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACHs &c.

MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE .YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New 0.-zi,rd Strcet. London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

*iMMI

===== 0002601_19000323_art0147.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r."9.17,77:-

===== 0002601_19000323_art0148.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,`"C-"Ye

===== 0002601_19000323_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
?Letters to the Mitor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. iuthors of ,etters intended for pub!'eAti..n must in at ca,es send their names and addresses to the Editor. Matters intended for pu'liica! ion avast be written on vne side only of the Nper. Vorrespncleats are strougly advised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long on.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
War; or Pusillanimous Peace.

Sir.—May I say to" Iona" that I have far too much respect for his earnest convictions—and those like- minded with him—to be " wroth" with hitn or them. But at the same time I (I, not aduaic their monopoly in earnestness of conviction. And I think ir of the highest importance that Brit4ns should be unanimous on an occasion so grave as this. We should be fully prepared te resist aggression ; and as fully prepared to withstand the temptation to be aggres- sive. I hold with " lona " that no Christian nation could conscientiously go to war. The Scriptural aphorisms " Resist not evil" and" Turn the other cheek" would alone prPclude so glaring a contravention of the vr,rds of the mild Galilean were any of the nations truly Christian. But in this sense I feel like the Bishop who heard the sailors in the fo'castle swearing during the storm. I can thank God for it ! The sooner " lona " and his co-thinkers recognise the fact that in this as in other matters we are a pack of humbugs, so much sooner will they have their eyes open to the actual facts of existence. Our Christianity is only adap- ted for Sunday wear and parade purposes ;it will not stand the rough test of practical every day work; it won't wash. Mr. Kruger is often quoting Old Testament texts. How pleased he would nave been had we con- fined ourselves to quoting, and acting on, New Testa- ment texts solely ! Britain would quickly meet with the fate it deserved did this 'settle-Alt propaganda prevail.— I am, sir, yours Ste., • Penketh, March, 1900.

JOHN PEERS.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] The special meeting of the District Council, last Friday, seems to indicate pretty clearly that in the minds of the Runcorn Urban District Coancillors— or at any rate the majority of them—there appears to be a conviction that toe body to fear as oppo- nents of the Transporter Bridge are the London and North-Western Railway Company, and by reason of this conviction the Council run the risk of being put into a false position. They must decide whether the proposed Transporter Bridge is going to be a boon to Runcorn; they must see, if it is going to be erected at ail, that the working men of Runcorn are provided for; and that a fair and equitable tariff is fixed with acceptable conditions as to time of using, etc. Being satisfied upon these questions, it is the duty of the Urban Coancil to support the Bill. There is no necessity for passing clauses for the protection of any private company; and, whether the London and North-Western Railway Company oppose the Bill or not,—thy certainly will not support it,—should matter not at all to Runcorn's city fathers.

Again! What effect does the clause bring about? Nothing more or less than the abandonment of the Runcorn Ferry! The abandonment, says onie- one, of what has been "a dead letter" for a con- siderable time. But, I wish to point out, for special consideration, at a time when everybody seems in- clined to commit themselves, that the Ferry tills a very diplomatic position ; and, while it remains, it acts as a check upon the London and North-Wes- tern Viaduct and footway, as well as upon any other Bridge or device Lir spanning the river that may be in future time facilitating the traffil be- tween the two counties—Cheshire and Lancashire. The decision the Council have came to is in my opinion a wrong one. The Runcorn Ferry should be kept open for all time; or at least until such time as there exists a bridge wholly controlled by the public trusts. If, however, the London and North-Western Railway Company consider they are suffering an injustice, in being compelled to keep open and work the ferry, their remedy is to see that the promoters of any new undertaking parti- cipate in that burden. Still the Company cannot be blamed for an attempt to get rid of a burden,and no doubtj are congratulating themselves upon a politic stroke.

A 3 the same case applies t) Widnes, and as I am given te understand trot the Corporation of Widnes have not yet decided upon the matter, I express the sincere hope they will not be so blind as the Run- c .irn Council in snapping eagerly at the bait. Neither town has much to thank the L. and N.W., Railway Company for, and there is no reason why _

they should -so hastily and hurriedly express a willingness to confer favours upon thoqe whom we have paid so dearly for the little benefit derived.

The Runcorn Ratepayers' Association held a meet ing on Monday evening, which was very sparsely attended. Messrs. John Wilson and H G. Grine (members o the District Council) were there, how- ever, and delivered addresses. Mr. John Wilson gave the Association some fatherly advice, and practically bade them "organise themselves getting into touch with the whole of the Rate- payers." He was in sympathy with them, but how much better would it not b 3 to know that that gathering was backed by the bulk of the Ratepayers of Runcorn. This is just what the Association should take to heart, it they would succeed, for the question: Whom do they represent? is being asked in more than one quarter.

The policy of the Ratepiyers' Association is now said to be :—" (a) To protect the interests of the ratepayers by a strict supervision over all local expenditure of public moneys; (b) to record votes of representatives on all questions directly affect- ing the ratepayers' interests; (c) to promote the return of representatlve3 (unbiassed by any religi- ous or political motives) to the governing bodies of the town ; (d) to protect purity of voting at elec- tions for district councillors generally ; and to further any other purpose conducive, in the opinion of the committee to the interests of the town."

A decidedly vague policy, must be the opinion of all who read; and, as in its vagueness, it is identical with the policy of the present District Council.how xnuch better off are the townspeople going to be from a furtherance of it? No! My dear Associa- tion ! "Interests of Ratepayers generally, etc., etc.," is far too vague, and is a policy every member of the Council present and past have at one time and another issued as part and parcel of their election address.. You must really give us a definite policy, on questions of the hour. if we are to embrace you openly. Get to work! as Mr. Wilson suggests and as I now supplement. Get to work bringing your bast forces .to bear; and, having decided, some definite policies on such questions of: purchasing the Gas Works ; installation of electric lig!lt ; park and recreation ground ; reduction in dock and rail.; way dues; street improvements; transporter bridge, ferry or no ferry ; but, if you are of opinion—as xpreesed by some of your promoters—that the own requires all these, but cannot afford them throw up the:sponge and let things go on as they are.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

About last Saturday's match I wisb to say nothing It could not be taken seriously. Of next Saturday's event, too, I wish to reserve my judg- ment. The fixture is Runcorn v. Maryport, at Run- corn, and contains possibilities too awful to con- template, What if Runcorn decide to play those Unix. who were resting last week? I should rather suggest that the whole fifteen be allowed to rest, so that Maryport may have a—but there I wish to reserve my judgment.

Death of, the Rev. P. J. Byrne. Many of our readers will hear with regret of the death of the Rev P J Byrne, who was for two years curate of St. Arms Church, Warrington, which took place at the residence of his brother•in-law, Dids— bury on Sunday afternoon. Smne months ago the rev, gentleman was seriously indis- posed and when he had somewhat recovered he was advised by his medical attendant to visit Bournemouth. He did so but derived no benefit. The cause of death was an internal complaint, The deceased gentlemen, during the time he was in Warrington, WRA very popular and was a most energetic worker. He was a friend of tne Temper- ance cause and on one occasion app.mred at the Police Court in opposition to a licensing applica- tion. On leaving the town for the curacy of St. Peter's Birkddle, he was the recipient of a handsome present from the congregation of St Anns.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hlldreo while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediatPly It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natura/ oniet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain anti the ittib cherub awakes" as bright as a button."Of all Chemists is 14d per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS. COLONEL PLUMER'S RELIEF FORCE.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHARP SKIRIVIISH.

Heavy Losses Among the Boers._

LOBATSI, March 16. w,

The enemy is advancing in force from Hafeking towards Lobatsi. Lieutenant Tyler, of the West Riding Regiment, serving with Colonel Plumer,was killed yesterday by a shell.

LOBATSI, March 15.

Firing has been proceeding a few miles to the south of Lobatsi'this morning. The enemy's 11b. Maxim was freely used. Colonel Bodle came in touch with the enemy this morning just in time to prevent his camp from being surprised. The Boers tackled our advance party,and captured a few boxes of ammunition, and nearly secured a Maxim. Lieutenant Chapman's horse fell in a hole. and Lieutenant Chapman was captured. Corporal Galt hal a hand-to-hand scuflla with the enemy. He lost his gun and his bandolier, but Colonel Bodle coming up pat the Boers to flight, inflicting heavy loss on them, and Galt escaped. The enemy are now within four railes of Lobatsi. LOBA TSI, MARCH 16.

Yesterday afternoon the enepl,y pressed closely on Colonel Plumer's main camp and kept up a hot fire from a one-pound Maxim, killing one white and one native. They have now placed a one-pound Maxim and a 121-pounder on a hill on the east side of the line 4,000 yard s to the south of the main camp. Our right fia nk is protected by the chief Bathoen, who has warned the Boers not to enter his territory. It is improbable that they will do so. Since their ill-advisel raids oa Linchwe the Dutch have VnOIBROIn9 dread of the natives.

The burv,heri are reported to be leaving the environs of Aaf,Jking, leavirlg only sufficiAnt artil- lerists to man their big guns there. No Boers are at Ramathlabama, where the beseigers of Mafeking were supposed to have their base. Colonel Plumer's scouts visited. Etamatillabs,ma yesterday. The usual Mafeking news budget is overdue, but no anxiety is felt on that score.

Dynamite explosions are heard at intervals, indi- cating that the enemy are wrecking the railway to the south of Lobatsi.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
Another Attack on Mafeking. The Boers Repulsed

CAPE TOWN, TUESDAY Mom NING.

A despatch received here this morning states that the Boers have made another attack upon Mafe- king, but were repulsed. They, however, recom- menced firing heavily upon the town. NATAL.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Pomeroy Burned by the Boers.

From Natal come tidings of the destruction by the Boers of the town of Pomeroy, near the Big garsberg. Bethune' s Mounted Infantry arrived too late to save the town from being fired. The Boers, 5,000 strong, are reporteii in a strong position on a hill above the ruins of Pomeroy.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
More Runcorn Volunteers for the Front.

Quite an appregiative audience assembled at the Dril Hall, Runcorn, last S t turday night, when the series of concerts, given by the Runclrn V Auntcrrs, in aid of

the Loctl War fund, was brought to a close with an effort that proved a fitting climax. 'ihe principal artistes were : Miss Eunice Bailey (St. Helens), Miss Phoebe Elumpbreys and Miss Barbara Johnson(Runcorn), Mr. Bantoek Pie.rpoint and Mr Harry Bamber(Liverpool) The Runcorn Volunteer B and also contributed two items, and to the Band belonged the honour of opening both parts. Their first item was the march "V;ctorious,"ane their second a descriptive fantasia "The Relief of Lady- smith." Mr. Harry Bamber was responsible for "Lily of Killarney"and "She is far from the Land,"and accounted for them meritoriously. Bing recalled for the latter song he gave "The Commissionaire." Miss Phoebe Humphreys, a young contralto of exceeding promise effectively contributed "Swallows" and "Kathleen Mavourneen." Mies Eunice Bailey of St. Helens already a great favourite with the Runcorn public, enhanced her reputaton with the song "For all Eternity " and " Leave me not" and as recalls she gave " Killarney " and another. Miss Barbara Johnson executed the rOanoforte solo " Erl King," with appreciative expression, and was heartily applauded. She also filled the post of a very efficient accompanist. The success of the evening,however, was the popular baritone, Mr Bintock Pierpeint, who fully sustained his highest reputation. That his efforts were duly app:eciated may be gathered from the fact that though down for but three songs the delighted audience would not let him off under seven. They included 66 Etenoar and Arms," 66 Father O'Fiynn," " the Absent- minded beggar," " Obedient to the Call,"" Soldiers of the Queen,"" The man who carries the gun" and "Old Ireland's Sons are bound for death or glory." A co!lec tion followed the " Absent-mindel Beggar." During the interval, Captain George F Ashton (commanding to e Runcorn Detachments, E. Ches. Vol. Batc.) said as that was the last concert the Vollanteeri would give, it was perhaps his duty to say that the Volunteers of Run- corn had been able to get together by other methods and those entertainments about £lOO for the local war funds. (Applause.) They would remember a short time ago Oat five members. of the Runcorn Company had left for the front. (Applause.) Well, he wished to say that a further five had been selected as a waiting company their names were : Corporal William Parkin- son, Lance-Corporal Williim Griffiths, Private w Charlesworth, Private W Clarke, and Lance-Corporal J Edgecock. (Anplause.) With regard to the statement in the papers that some 70 or 80 Runcorn V.)lunteers bad given in their names for active snelice, he supposed the reason nothing further had been heard about that offer was because of the successes which were attending British arms in South Africa at present—(loud applause) —and therefore they would not be required. (Con- tinued applause.) Still it was pleasing to know they were ready te go. He concluded by moving a hearty vote of thanks to the artistes and all who assisted in the sucless of the several entertainments. Trio proceed hap concluded with the singing of the National Anthem Arrival of the Warrington Volunteers at Capetown,

The Warrington Voluntee-s 63 in number, under the command of Captain F M Appleton, arrived safely at Capetown on Saturday, on the transport, Avondale CASCIO, which has altogether over 1,000 volunteers on board, namely, Volunteer Companies Royal Lancaster, lit and 2ad Northumberland Fusiliers, Liverpool, West Yorkshire, South Lancashire, Derbyshire, Yorkshire Light Infantry, and Durham Light lafantry, or a total of 1,048.

The Call for More Local Volunteers.

The volunteers connected with the 1t V.B. South Lancavhire Regiment have responded promptly to the request of the commanding Officer (Colonel J. C. Ridg- way) for another half company for service in South Africa. Up to the present no fewer than 49 have been declared medically WO tor service, and it is anticipated that ths whole of the 58 required to make.the half company will have been enrolled oy the beginning of fpir,; week. It is probable that Newton whin supplies " G "Company to the battalion will furnish the few re-ntinisg men. The swearing-in ceremony will be con- ducted next week by the Mayor (AHerman Robert?.)

SPECIAL VISIT TO CREWE.—Mr Thomas Ism], Oculist and Auris; (of Isoa's Eve and E&r aspnsAry, Leeds), established 1871, will visit the Royal flotl-4, Crewo, Wed- nesday, March 28h, hours 11 to 1. and the Royal Hotel, Wigan, Thursday,March 29. h. Hours 12 to 5, and may be consultsd on all cases of failln ingot and hlaring. New treatment without operation. Buff,3rers should avail themselves of the present opportuniv of consulta- tion. Spectacles adapted for weak or defective sight.

£6,250 SENT. VINOLIA 1..1. War Fund helps Tommy Atkins, and doesn't cost you anything ! VINOLIA SOAP is the best for complexion. A ha'penny is sent on every tablet sold.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOUTH LANCASHIR:i REGIMENT'S NEW

COLONEL.

Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Hall,

As duly announced in the " Examiner " of a fortnight ago, Major R II Hall has been appointed lieutenant-colonel of the South Lancashire Regiment, vice the late Lieutenant Colonel McCarthy O'Leary, killed in action in Natal. His appointment has just been gazetted. Colonel Reginald Hawkins Hall was born in 1854, and was first connected with the South Lancashire Regiment in 1873, when he was appointed lieutenant from the Militia. From 1883, when he received his captaincy, to 1885 he was adjutant nf the regiment. He was promoted major in 1893. Since 1898 he had been second in command. The new colonel, who possesses certificates for musketry (extra), signalling, eac., specially distinguished himself in the study of military law. Though the, present campaign is his first experience of active service, he has been a good deal abroad, having been in South Africa (1884 to 1887), at the Straits Settlement. Gibraltar, &e. He was for some time adju- tant of the let Vol. Batt. South Lancashire li,tgirnent, at Warrington. Colonel Hall is one of the biggest men in the regiment, standing 61t. 24in.

amount agreed upon at the time of purchase will be paid out every Thursday morning between the hours of 930 and 11 30 at the Town Hall. By order, H. V. Gorle, maim, Army service corps, Kimberley January 26th, 1900." A proclamation with reference to food stuffs issu-d by Lieut. Colonel K-kewich states that on and after Monday, the 29-h day of January, 1900 and until further notices, the allowances per bead shall be as follows :

EUROPEANS AND COLOURED COLONIALS. Bler meal Flour ... 2 ozi. Or brPai Mealie meal Saran • lnz. Sugar , 2:z3. Coffee Tea

===== 0002601_19000323_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
ASIATICS.

Boer meal Flour Or bread l4,zs. Rice Sugar Coffee Tea

===== 0002601_19000323_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIVES.

Mealie meal sozs. Kaffir eirn meal SAO3p .. .loz. Su7ar Coffee -z. Tea In another column a ease at the Court of Summary Jurisdiction is roported in which two members of the Light Horse were fined £1 or seven days for contraven- ing the military proclamation in two particulars. (1) by slaughtering a pig without the permission of the military authorities.ard (2) with having failed to report the death of the said pig to the secretary of the Supply Committee. The accused made a statement to the effect that they fell in with the pig while on ()try on the veldt, killed it and brought the carcase into camp. They added that they paid the coolie to whom it belonged 4s 61. The following advertissment is publishes) :—"Flags,for sale (sr hire) fllgs of all nations, from 4s 6d to 7s 61, and really good own from 30s to 50s (including Royal Standard and Irish flags). Don't lose a chance of secur- ing a flag; the troops will be here some time and it is absolutely necessary to have a flag or two." '

===== 0002601_19000323_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheshire Imperial Yeomanry. Letter from Captain Mosley Leigh.

!I On Saturday morning, Mr J Arthur Cowley, clerk to the Northwich Utban Council, read a cotninunicarion from Caprain Mosley Leigh, headed 2nd Battalion 22nd Company Imperial Yeomanry, 22nd February, in which he says :—" lam afraid I cannot give you very much more news than what is in my last letter, as one day on board ship is very much like another. We are all long- ing to get on land, and we hope to get to Capetown to- morrow, Saturday, afternoon. We have amused our- selves with cricket, boxingsand concerts. The N ntbwich Company held their own. They won the cricket tournament. Rigby and E Barnes bowling7well, and taking all the wickets. We also won the light weight boxing. Lambourne, from Nantwich, being our cham- pion. Lancashire won the heavy weight. We have supplied plenty of musical talent. All the men are very well, but wore pulled down by inoculation, They are, however, much bAtter for their voyage, and they have imnroved wonderfully in drill, shooting, and general app.aranv, Their conduct has been excellent. We, have lost a lot of horses, all nearly dying from pneu- monia. Oyer 40 he, 5'3 altogether have gone overboard. My company lost ter. lam longing to get to work with my men all mounted, and then soon hope to have them ready for the front. The Elder Dempster people have done their very teit to make us comfortable, having given the men plsnty of t ,bacco, every kind of games you can imagine, besides a writing case and paper tor each one on blard. Remember nie to all good friends at North wich."

"A Painful Thing to get Through."

The following letter is from the pen of Mr Tom Baxter (a s m of Mr Thomas Baxter, Dutton Hall,) who has gene to the frent with the Cheshire Imperial Yeomanry (Cap- tain Leigh's Company). It is addressed to the writer's Transport Lake Erie, February 23rd, 1900. D:Ar writing this as we believe on the ore of cur arrival in Cape Town. We shall not be sorry to tread sail once more, although I got qaito used to sailing, and have not felt the !east bit sea-sick. We've seen and been passed by several ships. This morning we meta deal horse floating by. se I guessed we were foPerving in the wake of another troop-ship. Oar germ'so was right. We are now broad side on her, she looks about 100 gars off, but is probably a mile; think she is broken down. We hive bad several break- downs, tut never had both propellers stopped at once. We are quits hardened to seeing horses die and thrown overboard. We have lost about 45 out of 300 horses and shall lose several more. We sleep under the horses, and it is vary nice to have a sick horse doing a war dance over you all night and all the stokers just under you. I have been both inoculated and vaccinated (nothing now hut to be cremated), so have taken all precautions in that way. The formlr is a very painful thing to get through. They placed us all on the mess deck fleor after the operation, which is s'ight, but for about 48 hours we are Trite useless. They inoculate in the side. We got frigh-fuly sore with lying on the fl )or with only a couple of blanketi under us, and we had to lie on one side or on the back. Half the Eaton troop were done first in a hatch, but the ethers seeing what the first lot were going through when asked who would be done, six only accepted the invitation. Thirty six of our company were done(mestly my acquaintances)one of the Warwick- shires, and not a single Lancashire. Captain Leigh was indoors about a week. It came fearfully het all at once. blistered our arms and faces and fairly made us 'sweat,' but has been cooler since we crossed the line. We are very well fed in a plain way. We are twelve at a table. At ours there are Cooke, Stubs, Rigby. Busby, Baird, Thompson, Dr. Felton (a private). Smethurst, Bowers, Scwale, and Lord the jockey. We do -mess orderly in turns; two each day, and have to draw forage, set tables wash up, and wash floors. For breakfast we get porridge first, salt herrings second, and last, and worst of all, Irish stew. For dinner we get rough j nints of beef or mutton with prt atoes, and bully beef, and kippers fer tea, which are very good. There is always an ample supply of sp'endid bread and butter and marmalade, which we nearly live on. . On Sunday we get plum puelclines. There is no limit to the supply of everything. The hospital has been full all the journey. I am sorry Heatley and Hoplev, the elder are amone the sic.k. I have been very well. The Elde De.mpiter Co., gave every man a writing case and pape pencil, let., and a lb of tobacco. Have got !lb now

Don't know when I'll smoke it. A match is worth ani ounce of 'bacca as we can't buy them on board. We have had a fair amount of drill on board, but not much shooting. Tney can only throw a barrel out; and peg at I it. We have bad several concerts, and cricket matches. the 22 ,d Company winning the final. Tony put netting up and have to knock the ball over different lines for runs. A boxing contest, the officors giving a medal and £2. for over and ander eleven stone. Then we have bathing on deck. The tffieers practised shooting at sharks. There are several fellows had punishment for refusing to obey, &I. You get a week as orderly, carry your kit three hours a day about deck, and other things. One fellow gct the kit for ten daFs and is now under loch and trey 80m3where in the hold with a guard. I intend to keep a clean reaord if possible. Of coufne there are some completely bor-e.,- sick and would do anything to get back. The troops are in the best of spirits. We never think about war; I expect it is with hearing nothing of it. _ _

"Saturday evening. seven o'clock. 24th. 800-ray! We are in Taole Bay. We sighted land about two o'clock You should have heard the cheer. A gunboat has just told us through a speaking trumpet that Kimberley it relieved and Ladysmith is expected to be to day. We have anchored for the night and shall disembark to morrow. We have been busy dying belts darker in strong coffes. The officers have been firing at sea-gulls this afterno 7n and killrd several. I caught sight of our prisoner to-day in a cell. You would laugh if you saw us. We have all te?n clipped with machines and lo.)k like a load of convicts.

"Sunday evening. So near and yet. so far. We have been anchored all dey about a mile out and are rill,but are under ceders to be ready by ten in the morning. I believe the other Cheshires are going first to Maitland, about .four mi!es off Capetown, to get the tente while wa follow with the horses. Several tugs came this afternoon and sold us pap-rs. We gave a shilling each. Some efficers and doctors came toe. We had a full dress parade. There are some scores of transports anchored here, oae with 1,100 men on not unloaded yet. Cape- town seems a very pretty place from the sea. They say we are only for a week's training and then off to the front. I bop e so, as I am very ameons to see some o the fighting, as are most of the others- " Tura lay morning, Maitland Camp. Landed at last. We came up yesterday. I had an Experience of trans- port. Rode up as escort on a waggon with the kits. We were four hours getting four miles. T;le camp is like a big waste common, as some thousands of troops are camped here. I was working hard pettiag tents up all day, %nd then was on guard all night. We had to hold the horses, as it got dark before we c-elld tie them up We had nothing to eat yesterday, except at break- fast, bnt think things will work right now. We are twelve in a tent, have only a blanket for a bed and clothes too, with our kit for a pillow. About 200 j Besuto ponies were driven in yesterday and put in kraal. I expect thy are for some of us. All the work;. people here are nigeers. I will close this now and try and get it posted. D )n't think we shall be kept here lone—Your affectionate brother, Tow"

===== 0002601_19000323_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY NOTES.

Captain Plomer, Ist battalion Liverpool Regiment serving at Warrington wit o the depot companies has bien appointed irljutant of the nmw 3rd bat- talion Kings Liverpool Regimmt, now being formed.

Major Hall was on Saturday promoted Lieutenant Colonel, to command the Ist battalion South LAnca- shire Regiment. in succession to the late Lieutenant Colonel McCarthy Olean,. Captain Hume of the 3rd Battalion South Lanca- shire Regiment with headvarters at Warrington has been given a commission in the regular service becoming second-lieutenant in the Ist Battalion South Lancashire Regiment. Re joined the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment in 1897 and was promoted Captain in the corps last July. Captains Nicholson and Swann have been pro- moted to the rank of Major in the Liverpool Regi- ment on the increase of the number of field officers in the corps as the result of the formation of the new 3rd and 41 battalions of the regiment. In addition Lieutenants Parnieter, Bailey, Leader, Harington, Armitage. Brush, Sheppar 1 and Pin- well have been promoted to the rank of Captain in the Liverpool Regiment. Captain Bailey has of late been serving with the Depet Companies at . War- rington _

Captain Jobling of the 6th battalion Liverpool Regiment at Warrington has gone to South Africa and has been attached to te Ist battalion Durham Light Infantry for duty as a subaltern.

It has bPen'Adel that the 6th battalion Kings Liverpool Regiment shall be embodied at Warring- ton at the commencement of May. The corps will probably train at Salisbury plain. At the same time the 3rd battalion Cheshire Regiment will assemble

at Chester and the 3rd and 44 battalions Manches- ter Regiment at An-under-Lyne. All the Lan- cashire and Cheshire militia battalions will then be doing permanent dut y.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
The Seige of Kimberley. A Warrington Man's Experiences Interesting Letter.

Mrs Brookes, 13, Hoyle-street, Warrington, has this week received an interesting letter from ner son Private S. Brookes, of the Loyal North Lancashire Regiment which formed part of the garrision at Kimberley during the seige. It is deted February, 1900, and reads as follows.--" I write these few lines in answer to your letters which are dated 18th October, and 3rd of Decem- ber and which I only received on the 21st of this month along with all the papers that you have sent since then. I also received the pArcel which you sent me and I can tell you that the cakes that were in it went down all right after living on the rations we have been on this last two months and to mend matters we had just landed in after being out on the veldt for 48 hours. I wish to say thet we were relieved here on the 18h of February and I can tell you that it was a surprise to us when we heard that there were troops so near to us. When we heard of them being so near to us we were sent out to try and drag the Boers out to " serap "with us but they had got to know as well as us that there were troops at hand and they had made off the shortest way. Of course we walked straight into their entrench- ments without firing a shot. We slept in their entrench- ments that night and sent word round to the Gelman that they were retiring. The next; morning we were surprised to hear the column firing at them from our front ; that meant to say that we had got them right in the ee.ntre of us. I can tell you that we gave them beans all that day and at night time we gave them a bit of a chance to run and they did do that, for the next morning our troops walked all over where they had been seen and could not see a live Boer , anywhere,for miles round the place. We had to bury the' dead and bring in the wound=cl ones. I also wish to tell you that it (the relief) was not before its time, that all this came off as we were just beginning to get it a bit rough in Kimberley, as they had brought up some big guns and were playing on tee town with them. They had frightened the people here a bit with them, in fact, we had put the women and children down the mines for safety, but they were something to frighten teem as they had a 100 lb shell dropping in town about two or three hundred times a day, be- sides other small shell which they had just got used to. One of our men had his leg cut straight off , with a splinter from their 100 lb. shell. Tee worst thing was that we had not a gun in the place that would do them any harm. We had a man in Kimnerley who planned the making of a 28'b. gun and as luck would have it when they started with their 1001 b. she'l he was the first man to be killed with a piece of the shell. • Our regiment has been, as yoa' say, very lucky indeed for we have been out fighting six different times and only lost two men killed and 12 wounded but we are not the only ones in Kimberley and the rerneind, r who have been up here have been unlucky for mune Kimberlev we have lost about 60 killed and 70 or ZO wounded. We have lost a lot besides with fever. The worst day of all was the 25h N)vember when we went out and lost 22 killed and a fine sight it was the next day when we were burying them I can tell you. This was also the day when we lost tees of our Regiment. I saw in the paper the contents of my last letter. I think things must be exciting at home, but any way I hope by the time that you get this letter all the excitement will be over. Ido not think that it will last much longer as they seem to be all getting afraid now that we heve ma le one good mon. I have a book here' which I am going to send you, which gives a few details about the siege. I will also send you the piece of a news- paper upen which you will ba able to see all the proclamations and rules under which we have been dur- ing the seiee. In one corner you will see the advertise- ment for the horses which we have been living on and a few more little things so you will see for yourself what it must be like to he beeeiged. I can tell you that it will not be lone before! am at home after this is over that is if I pull through all right which lain living in hopes of doing. I think this is about all this time excepting ask- ing you to give my best respects to all and also receive the same yourself from your son, Sam. Hoping to be , with you in a few more months titne." 1

===== 0002601_19000323_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
TI R RATIONS.

In the letter are enclosed a sheet of the " Diamond Fields Advertiser," a printed diary of the war, and memorial cards of two men who were killed at Carter's Farm. On the front page of the newspaper appear several nntic'm with regard to fond etc. One notice is as follows :—" Owners of hors,s and mules suitabte for slaughtering purpo3es are invited to bring them to the Washingtou Marke'.; on Tuesdays and Fridays at 12 noon. A good price f3r fat animals. The

===== 0002601_19000323_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
Inoculation—" Rather Awful."

Mrs. Broadbent of The Elollies,Latchford, has received several letters from her son, Mr. J. W. Broadbent,who is now serving with the 22nd Cempany (Cheshire)lmperial Yeomanry in South Africa. In one of them, which is headed "Maitland, 27th F doruary," he says :—We have arrived at Capetown, and had a busy day yesterday dis- charging all cargo, horses, &o. We marched here in the afternoon, about six miles, verr hot and dusty, with our rifles and all kit. We are 13 in a tent, but get on all right, though there is little room. We have the rug and kit bag for a pillow. This morning at six we started fatigue work, breakfast at eight,ol biscuits,tineed meat, and coffee without sugar or milk. Howevcr we can get a good al in the canteen. Maitland is-a fine place, a plain surrounded by mountains, very dry and sandy. There are about 5 000 troops on the move the whole time ;it is grand. Capetown is a curious place, all white houses, at the base of Table Mountain, end several csmps close to the 502. We got no recepticn ! There were numbers ef ships in port of all sorts, and we could see the Canada with troops on board. lam sitting on my kit bsg at the tent door, smoking a briar, and never felt fitter! it is grand getting asvar from the smell of the steamer. We got splendid graprs at Capetown for 31 a lb. During the voyage we had a good deal of drill, and sometimes practised firing at boxes tlirown overboard ; every fourth day our section did stable work. I often slept on deck,and had a wash under the hose pipe. I washed some clothes on hoard and made a fair job of it. I was inoculated for typhoid. it was rather awful. and I felt very bad neat day, but Dr. Dun kindly took me into his cabin. The firFt thing I had to do this morning was to help to dram away a dead !acme. Most of them look very fit, considering the voyage, but we lost 40 ea the way. It is grand here and a lovely climate. I have eeere,all sorts of troops,from Madras, Caylon,Canada, &o. Horses are always gettine loose and stampeding. There are wire netting paddoeks. all about the camp, full of mules and hersee. Toe Basuto ponies look very nice, but are on;y balf-hrokAn. Our latest orders are for Naauvrport, leaving here in a few days, but there may be changes•X

===== 0002601_19000323_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT

TUESDAY.—Before His Honour Judge Gwynnc Jame,, and Mr %V D Jo'ldle registrar. THE ORDINARY BUSINESS, connsted of 29 plaints, 2 default summonses ; and one new trial. CLAIM FOR MAINTENANCE—Mr F A Lake, solicitor, appeared on behalf oF the Urban District Couneil and claimed £lO from Samuel Worrell, labourer of Run- corn, in respect of the maintenance -and nursing of his wife and two cbildren.—Mr Lake stated thii claim arose out of the fact that defendant bad asked the Runcorn Urban District Council to take his wife and two children to the Runcorn Infectioue Dis- eases Hospital, for treatment as typhoid patients. They had done so and the persons were there from Octoopr 17th to the 22ad December. The Council charged 25. pr week to those who could afford it, and less in other cases, and in cases of absolute poverty they did not charge at all.-I.llr. James Percival, nuisance inspector, swere that the defendant requested the removal of the patients to the hospital, and signal a document agreeinf, to pay for them, (docement produced). Dlfendant admitted signimg the note, but allege,' be was ignorant ()flits purport when signing it.—Flis 11,neur gave judge- ment for plaintiffs, and ordered defendant to pay 5; a fortnight.

THE PIANO DISPUTE.--JUDGMENT FOR THE DEFENDANT. —The new trial of the case Crane and Sons, versus Luke Holmes, ordered by Justicls Channell and Bucknill Was heard by his Honour.--Dr. A. P. Thomas, barrister, Liverpool (instructed by Mr Qaiggin, solicitor) appeared for plainti.T, Red Mr Pugh, barrister. Liverpool (in- structed by Mr H N Linaker, solicitor, Runcorn) for the defence.—Dr Thomas in opening the case, briefly sub- mitted the facts, with which the police are already familiar, that the piano, for which his clients claimed, was let out by them to Henry John DeKerte, that time licensee of the George Inn, Runcorn, upon agreement of hire purchase. At the time DeKorte left for South Africa, the piano was still upon the premises. Ori the 14th of October, a day or two after DeKorte's departure, Luke Holmes, licensee of the Anchor Inn, took possession of the George Inn, telling Mrs. Bucennen, and those presumably left in charge by the DeKerwe that " everything upon the premises belonged to him." The new fac's Dr. Thomas also submitted were :—Tliat the piano was actually on the premiscs when Holmes took possession; that the Miss Browning, to whom the piano was alleged to have been sold, was a sister-in-law of the defendant ; that at the time the piano was moved by his sister-in-law Holmes was still licensee of the Anchor Inn, and that he was succeeded there by the sister-in-law, and, futher, when Luke Holmes made application to the justices for temporer auth ity to sell at the G orge Inn, he was then reperted to have said that ho had purchased everything in the George Inn from D:-K )rte., and that everything belonged to him or words to that effect. Evidence for plaintiff's was given by Mrs. Jessie De- Korte ; Nellie Percival (servant to the DeKorte.'s) ; John Bucannan (brother of Mrs. DrlKortt,)• the particulars of the case were proved by Mr. Thomas Thornton Crane. of Messrs. Crane and Sons; Alfred Turner, collector testi- fied to seeing the piano &tithe George Inn in August last, and Mr. Charles Tomkine, a reporter, testified to the accuracy of the newspaper report which had been quoted by Counsel--F T the defence, Mr Luke Holmel, the defendant, swore he had only claimed part of the furniture left by DeKorte, and had made no claim to the piano whatever, as be already knew it had been purchased by his sister-in-law, Miss Browning. El never to )k possevion of the house, but simply advised Mrs. Bucannan, to leave the place ; as, on account of the license having lapsed, they might get into trouble with the police. Questiossed by Dr. Thomas as te how he based his claim to the effects of DeKorte. Mr Holmes replied he lent DeKerte £135 on a simple verbal arrangement,DeKerte agreeing that his furniuure should be the security.—Ellan Browning, swore to puree-lasing the piano from De?Kerto for £l6, and also to removing it from the George Inn, unknown to the defendant.—Mrs. Browning, her mothr:r, who swore she had independent means, testified to witnessing the pur- chase, and to lending her daughter the bulk of the money to complete it.—George Carrington, a police con- stable, spoke as to accompanying the defendant upon one occasion to the George inn to see that everything was right. Defen lent did not make any statenoent to him as to owning the goods in the house.—Canisel having addressed the Court, His Honour summed up,and pronounced judgment for the defendant.—The decision carries costs in the appeal case; but the decision upon the c :Ells of the first case remain as the Court ordered.

On Wednesday great destruction was feuid t-> have been committed among a valuable flock of Shrmpsiaire sheep by a stray hound on the farm of Mr J Bourne, near Wellington,Salop. The carcasses of thirty animals were seen lying in a brobk,where they bad sought refuge from the bound, %vivre ferocity was shown by the torn bodies of the sheep. The guilty dog was afterwards seen near the spot, but was wily enough to elude a gunshot:

===== 0002601_19000323_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS.

muTanorr may De a .oubbie ; but It takes 61arag time to blow it.

WINE is a mocker; but don't fill up on it in the nope of cracking good jokes. THE idea of suffering in silence That takes all the pleasure from it. IF you feel that you must give advice, become a lawyer or a.doctor, and sell it.

Ifolt "Papa, where's Atoms?" Papa: "Athens, you mean, my child." Boy: "No, papa—Atoms—the place where people are blown to.'

SON•IN-LAW : "My mother-in-law must catch that train' cabby, so hurry up!" Cabby: "You may count on me, sir—l've got one I I shall drive as if she was my own !" MRS. CIIMSO : "Your husband dresses very quietly." Mrs. Cawker : "Does he? You ought to hear him when he can't find his collars, or his cuff buttons become mislaid." "I DON'T know what I would have done if it hadn't been for you!" exclaimed the discharged prisoner. "Well, you probably would have done time," said the proud lawyer. "Jun read this, your Honour," said a police. court applicant, handing in this advertisement : Coachman wanted. Must not mind answering door, waiting on master, Ac., etc. "Hold your tongue for a fool," was the polite recommendation of an Irigh husband. "Sure, then, you're going to spake yourself," was the equally polite reply of the wife. REV. LONGFACE : "Remember, my young friend, there are some things in life better than money.' Young Fastface : "Yes, I know that; but. it takes money to buy 'em." MRS. DEARBORN : "Isn't that Mrs. Wahas's last husband going in the hone ?" Mrs. Lake: " Well, it's her present husband, but I don't think it's her last.'

"No," said the landlord of the summer hotel, "I don't dread the approach of cool weather." "But it interrupts the season." "Of course. But there has to be something to send the people back home to earn some more money." SEEDY CUSTOMER: I see you advertise that you have ten thousand overcoats for sale.—Shopman. (suspiciously): We do. Well !—Seedy Customer: Well, I jut thought I'd drop in and try them on, that's all. AN old negro, being irro-rmed that a member of his race hsd forged a note in bank, exclaimed: "Dat's what comes er eddieation. I got 10 chillun, but thank de Lawd, not one or dem kin read or write!"

SMALL Boy: "Carry yer bag, sir ?" Stout Gentleman (panting) : "No !" Small Boy : "Carry it for a penny, sir?" Stout Gentleman (breathless): "No, go away." Small Boy : "'Old yer breath, sir ?" "I SUPPOSE that Longshot will be too proud to speak to anybody when he comes back from the Klondike gold fields." "You can't tell," replied Mr. Sinnick. "It all depends on whether he is in a condition to borrow or lend money." "MARY," said the shrewd mother, "don't you think if you helped John a little he would pro- pose ?" "Help him! Why, mother, what more can I say? Didn't I tell him that you approved of him as a son-in-law ?"

NELLIE (aged six)—" Mamma, you said it was not right to tell tales about John" Mother— " Yes, that is what I told you, dear." Nellie— " Well, then, I won't say nuffin, but I fink John ought to tell you how he scratched me pretty soon."

At a wedding ceremony several women present were moved to tears by the address of the clergy- man. "Papa, whispered a little girl to her father' "what are those ladies crying for?" "No doubt they are married themselves," was the reply. Three different waiters at a hotel asked a prim, precise little professor at dinner if he would have soup. A little annoyed, he said to the last waiter who asked the question :—" Is it compulsory?" "No air," answered the waiter; "I think it's mock turtle." MR. IsAos—'Vat you learn at school to•day, eh?" Small Son—" I learned how to combute Interest at seven per zent." Mr. Isaacs—" Dot is goot. Now all you haff to do, my son' is add one naught, an' den you haff de interest at seventy per zent. MR. ANDIERRY—" / don't know what to do with our Tommy. He's only ten, and incorrigible. Do you know anything that will break a haughty Spirit?" Mr. Hites, sadly—" Yes. Make him wheel the baby in a perambulator as the other boys are coming out,of:school." "WELL," said tiftt? persevering governess, "I will put it in another shape. If it takes one ser- vant nine hours to do the entire housework of a family, how long will it take three servants to do it?" Little Nell: "Oh, I can answer that. I heard mamma speak of it this very morning." Teacher: "Well, how long will it take them?" Little Nell: "Three times as long."

DEAR FRIENDS !—Miss Jellus : "Your bedroom must be a very healthy place, dear." Miss Pretti- face : "What makes you think so?" Miss Jellus : "Because I have noticed that when you are downstairs sometimes you are dreadfully pale; but if you go up into your bodroom for a short time you come down with a beautiful colour !"

EXPENSIVE.—IIe (yearningly): "But don't you think I could teach you to love me ?" Miss Grasper: "Well, you might; but you would have to reverse the order of things, and pay me for learning. I'll take a nice diamond ring with the first lesson !"

A LoorcAL CONCLUSION. —A well-known plunger and spendthrift had been freely denounced as a fool, until Lady C—, a noted society wit, took up the argument on his behalf, and made the following caustic pronouncement: "It is impossible that he can be a fool, because fools learn by experience, and expefieocc never taught him any- thing." JACK: "Was yours a long courtship, Will ?" Will: "No ; my wife had nine little brothers and sisters." "What difference did that make?" "Well, if you had to bribe so many to keep out of the room every time you went to see your sweetheart you'd soon want to cut expenses." "Now I'm being put upon. The guv'nor starts me house-painting, and when I jibs he says it's in the advertisement as het setterer.' All right, says I. The fust het setterer is house-painting, the second one means the wood-chopping. But there ain't no het setterer for fetching the mangling, as I refused to do this morning ! " Too LITTLE Confturnos.—At a Westminster election in the pre-Reform days, a gentleman desirous of getting upon the hustings at Covent Garden slipped a shilling into the hand of the guardian at the entrance, saying. "I believe there is a little corruption here." " 'Yes, sir," answered the man, with a significant look at the coin in his palm; "but this is too little ! " "No," Mr. Hankinson," said Tommy to the young man who was waiting in the parlour for Tommy's sister, "I ain't the kind of boy you're always readin' a')out in the papers what begs sweets an' things from the fellers that comes to see their sisters. Still, if you've got anything in your pockets, I'd be willing to have it."

A RURAL COURTSHIP. A gallant young carter, in corduroys gay, Met the girl that he loved, and to her did say, "Pray, darling, accept me; I give you my heart." She smiled, and said, "John, dear, give me your carte? I'll show it to father; he'll never say 'No,' And then we'll get married, for weal or for woe." John looked quite crestfallen, and said, with a frown, "You know, dearest Julie, the cart's not my own!"

A negro, about dying, was told by his minister that he must forgive a certain darkey against whom he seemed to entertain very bitter feelings. "Yes, sah," he replied, "if I dies, I forgive dat nigga ; but if I gets well, dat nigga must take care."

"Tins coffee does not seem quite right, dear," said young Mr. Hunnimoon. "I know it doesn't," replied his inexperienced little wife, with tears in her voice. "And I can't imagine what is the matter with it, either. It is the first time I ever made coffee, dear, and I'm afraid I've done some- thing wrong. The seeds have been boiling quite half an hour, but they just won't get soft. What von sunnoop ;. the matter ? "

The wedding of the Crown Princess Stephanie and Count Elemer Lonyay was celebrated on Thursday morning in the chapel of the chateau at Miramar. A V;enna corroepondent telegraphs At Graz on Wedwsday two s'udents fou;ht a duel with pistols at twent7-live paces, one being killcd by a ball througli the mid ile of his forehead. The two young men were the best nf friends on Monday, when they quarrelled over a word.

• _-.

===== 0002601_19000323_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

kI

===== 0002601_19000323_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

[By "Ovalist.l

Warrington once again have a share in the Nor theta Union Cup, and it is within the bounds of possibility that the trophy may find a resting place in the town of soap and wire. The probability of such an event I will not yet discuss, as Warrington's chances are equalled, if not exceeded by some thirty-two other clubs. But the performance of the locals on SaturdaY was decidedly enc,ureging, and they deserve the warmest praise for so smart a win over St. Helens. Somehow I was not much in fear of the "Sainte, though they hold such an excellent record in the Conia petition just concluded. It is entirely the fault of the Warrington men that they have cot done equally aS well ; they have had the capability but they 'have fre- quently lost matches when they could have won had they gone about the Loh in the right way. The know' ledge of this fact inspired many of the Warrington sup' porters with confidence in the team's ability to whack St. Helens if they only tried,—and it was no score!: that they meant to try.

A coup!e of specials, and large numbers if omnibuseS waggonettes, Sze., were required to convey the eager Vtiarringtonians to St Helens. Over a thousand of thent went, and the greatest enthusiasm was shown everr where. There was.enthusiasm in the air—until the snow came at two o'clock and damped it—while everybody at Bank Quay but the station officials, wore the htppfeat and most expansive smiles. The latter gentlemon wore worried looks, and if you asked them innocent questions they looked at you in the fashion that the lion looked at the lamb,prior to the occasion on which U.,‘ first tasted young mutton. It was a dangerous thing to trifle with a booking-clerk, ticket-examiner, or porter on Satur- day, they were all so highly charged with explosive& Nowhere could you find the chastened appearance and lock of serenity born of long suffering. '

The crowd at Knowsley-road was by no means a large one, 3,000 being probibly a fair estimate of the number half of whom came from Warrington. Cup-tie prices of course make a vast difference to those who colisider their pockets b4ore thPir love of the game. As the takings realised £ll6 they could not be called disap- pointing, and the share received by each club would paY, E xpenses and leave a nice balance on the right side. I was glad to see that the St. Helens committee had taken good care of the ground, the rolled surface of which was perfect for playing on. It suited the lighter and speedier Warrington men admirably, and bad a lot to do wi.th the team's succ=29o.

S. Helens were considerably handicapped 1).7 the absence of Foulkes, who occupieo a place on the stand where he nursed a damaged collar-bone. His substitute Mercer was by BO means capable for st:co an important post, and when the Warrington men took to playing on his weakness he frequently let his side down. Warring- ton were without Jones, and Duckworth proved rather weak at centre, but was smart at times. He does not possess the physiqu. for centre play, and was frequently knocked about. Still be was better than Mercer, and the balance of disadvantage rested with S. Helens, plr- ticularly as Traynor wks completely out of form. The effects of hie recent illness seemed very apparent,

The game itself was typical of cup-ties, though for a time Warrington played an open passing game with some success. Very early on it became plain that St. Helens were going to lose unless their play altered a lot, for in every department Warrington were ruining there off their feet. The visiting forwards hee]fd out splen- didly,and the basks put in some speedy combined rune which troubled the home defence greatly. Fish wag very prominent on the left wing and was dangerous every time he got the ball. It was well on towards the interval before there was any score, however, and then it came as a result of speedy following up by Duckworth and Hockenhall. The former captured Liversage, who dropped the ball,and Hockenhall snapped up the oppor- tunity like a trout after a iip. The first forty minuteil ended with Warrington leading by three points.

There is not much to remark about the second moiety Warrington were generally superior, and but for a time when the halves did some shady work at the scrimmage and got penalieed frequently, Warrington attacked per- sistently. It was at this time that Mercer was troubled so greatly by the attentions of biropponents' and from one t.f the favourable positions which Warrington secured near the line, Bate punted across for Fish, who scored after the ball 13,d rebounded from the poet& Though the place was wry emy, Fhb misted the goS for the third or fourth time during the afternoon. St Helens made a spasmodic rush or two but were repelled by Hallam and Isherwood, Warrington entering the second round by the margin of two tries to nit.

The whole of the winning team played splendidly' Hallam in particular silencing his critics by a very sound display. His kicking was exceptionally powerful, and he placed the ball judiciously. Forward, Eden and Mereweather were ever in the van, until the latter sus- tained thd injury which culminated in a fit. The other six were equally good in their OWR style of play, and the fact that they outplayed such a powerful lot as the St. Helens eight is proof of their excellence. Bate and Bur- gess were much superior to the home couple, though the latter's knee troubled him greatly beton the finish. Care will have to be taken of hiln, or he will soon be hors de combat for the rest of this sown.

There waa nothing remarkable in the other results of the first round for the Cup. Widnes and Runcorn both emerged from the fray without a scratch. Oldhara nearly went down at Manningnam, but on replaying the draw on Tuesday they assertul their superiority unmiS- talreably.

Warrington's opponents in the second round are Gcele. who would pkobably have been despised but for the facG that they defeated Flockmr)ndwike last week. As the latter have headed the Yorkshire second cwnpetition for the whole of the season, the perform wen was an excellert one for the 'ktinnors. Warrington should have no difficulty in climbing a step higher, tay.: 'hey should first be cautioned against holding tileir practically utanown foes too cheaply. There will probably be a good gate to-day, for Warrington's success at St. Helens has vastly pleased the club's supporters.

At Birmingham Ass'zeq. Wednesday, a youth named Bell was awarded £750 (iamages against the Cor- plraticn of Smetlawiek and Supetintendent Forater, of the fire brigade. In celebration of the incorporation of the borough on November 9th a cannon was fired in the public wk. and Bell was ii,jnred and lost an eye. A well-informed correspond,nt wires that the Govern. ment proposes to re-arm the, po-;itiou batteries of the Volunteer Artillery with 47 guns on specially designed mountings for mobility.

------ Warrington.—Printed and Published by .rofri WALOR Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewse'A; street.and published by them at the srane plaoe mad also the The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road.WlD:nos; 42,Georgio street, S. HELEN and 3, Market-street, TiARLEsToWS, the Connty of Lancastex and 31.10 at 1,1101-streel,li"e° bathe Count of Coester.—MA.llCa 23, 1900.

W Tim r.

Sc CC TE BA

POr Oper, T

Af3 , l'etUrri and th to Pro

The OW e °nee I elected intere, the rai , v 189 • feel tbe

WI-1E co the Loc A Bye. And v firm

I. And inat P•E

IN° .-tr Est th, Matte Hi May. Whit( 1900.

m_Thiz A-44fte I—* ki

*B' e• I 888.8 18,0. 8.8 114. j

Pah, tkitte—',l atm i Doste?' (414 '1 eitaitecur, kerlt 4 Oort ;

tqx bOOt h Or ( "/Iltai

===== 0002601_19000323_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
. B,iv, *, ~,,.. --,-. - , ) A,

===== 0002601_19000323_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HALL. FORSTER-STREET WARRINGTO N.—TO-MORI:L(1W, (Sunday) March 25th at 10 3() am. and 630 p.m. Preachers : Messrs. H. S. tORSTRR and J. TAYLOR. All seats free. No _collection. "'Mks provided.

13 OLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGION. TO-MORROW (SITND I.Y) MARCH 25th, At 10 30. Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. At 6 30 Rev. H. G ROBERTS. M.A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. _ CRESHIRO LINES LIST EAFOOL SPRING RACE -4, nA.ticill 29ra„ 3Tra & „.BPROIAL FAST B X lIMSION TRAINS will be run from warrington and Widnes (Central) and other Stations to AINTREE each of the rices. For particulars of times fares, &c sce DAVID MNLDRUM, Manager. Central Station, Liverp 01, March, 1900.

W ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY -- IHE THIRD AND FINAL SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT PARR HALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 47a, GOIINOD'S " Til b RIDE ,IPTION." ARTISTES : SOPRANO MISS l. HUBI-NEWCOMBE. CoNTRA.T.Iro MADAME ALICE BERTENSHAW. TENOR MR T HENRY BREARLEY. BAss MR. IVOR FOSTER, THE CELESTIAL CHOIR Of boys from the Liverpool Cathedral by the kind permission of F. 4. Burstalt llsq.. F iri.C.O. --.ORUS 8: ORCHESTRA OF OVER 20) PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR: MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. Hon Organist Mit. J. B. CALowELL. Leader of Orchestra: MR. R. H. PEALSoN. For prices of admission see posters. Doors open at 7.15 p.m. Concert 7.45 p.m. Carriages 10,20 p.m. Ticket-holders admitted by early door at? p.m. PLAN OPENS to Subscribers TfiiSDAY (Saturday) at lir. H. H. PEARsON'S, Bold-street. and to ;he general public ou and after Wedrvs•iay next, March 28th. , A Special Train for Latchford, Thelwall and Lymm. will ,eave Arpley blation after the Concert. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. RUNCORN URB .kN DISTRICT COUNCIL -TO THE ELECTORS OF N'.::WTOWN WARD LADIES AND (,ENTLEX EN, lan pleased to Mad myself again returned soopposed as iHrte of your represuts.tlYci on the Council. As in the past it Will be my obj3ct to serve you and the town to the best of ability. Your obedient servant, JOH.N WILSON. _ 14 UNCORN it3AN DISTRICT COUNCIL.—T 3 THE ELEC CORS OF BRIDGEWATER WARD. —"-DIES AND GENTLE:II7i; °Lea again I have to thanl, r- for my unopposed return representati,, the-Ifuncirn Urban District Corm- and in doing so, I can a.ssur • You t 49 heretofore I will uo all in my power to sategu..rd your interests. Yours faithfcllv CrEORGE HEWITT. PerciYals-lane, Runcorn. March 22nd 'l9OO. _ - RUNCORN UR/3 AN DISTRICT COUNCIL—TO Thlll ELECTORS OF lIALTON WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,- 111 again thanking you for the honour of being once more urned unopposed for the Halton Ward, of the Runcorn ,yrban District I beg to assure you that the interests of the 'l3,vh will receive from mi the same consideration as in the Put. Your obedient servant, SA.N&UEL TAYLOR. Rydal Mount, Runcorn, March 22nd. 1920.

- _ NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIKLI) URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTION, 1900. TO THE ELECTORS OF TOWN HALL WARD. LADIES AND GENTLI4,3IEN, }laving been nominated as a Candidate for Town Hall Ward, I beg to appeal to you for sour suffrages and suPPort. As a life-long resident in the district. I am thoroughly f_tequalnted with its needs and requirements ; and should you honour me by electing me one of your represe: tatives, I will Utmost of adblisicithys.rge the duties of the positio.a to the any The Interpol "8 of the Ward will have my best attention, and representations that may be made to me will always receive care.ul consideration. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen, Your Obedient Servant. GRURGH F. CLARKE. 71, Cross-lane, Earlestown, 15th MArch. 1900.

NnocE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that the next GENERAL QUARTER SE=SIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF ()HESTER will be held at the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 2ad day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds 2f Bucklow, Maccle:field, and Northwich, forming he linutsford District and the trials of all Prisoners committed from such Hundreds, will take race at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries ,or the linuo•sford District must be in attendance at the uou t r noose, Knutsford. at the opening of the Court on Mo NnAv, the 2nd day of April w x, at Eleven o'cl3ckin ',he Forenoon. +.THE COURT will be adjourned to the Castle of Ches- "jr, ou THURSDAY, the 513 day of April neat, at Eleven °.l°Ck in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals tlising within the Hundreds of Br, xfoh, Eddisbury. Fkautwich, and Wirral, forming thL, Chester District, and 11;4" e trials of all prisoners committed fr.= the last- stinned Hundruls will tako place at such Adjourned fissions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester o:B,.tllet must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, the opening of the Court rn THURSDAY, the sth day of Phi next, at Eleven o'clock io the, Forenoon. REGINALD POT'FS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. 13th March, 1900.

CHESUIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. TO CARTERS, FARMERS, AND TEAM OWNERS. pERSONS desirous of TENDERING for CARTING tr MACADAM and other Materials for the Main for the year ending 31st March, 1901, can obtain t;`1112 of render, and particubirs ot Material to be Ctitted, at the C,unty Surveyor's Office, Chester Castle, atr,and after Monday, the 19:h instant, between 10 a.m. 1 " 4 P.m., anl on Saturdays between 10 a.m. and ti 'renders to ht endorsed "Tender for Carting," to be stlivered at the said Ottice on or before SATURDAY,the st instant. tb.Ple Main Roads Committee of the County Council do 1," bind thonvelves to accept the lowest or any r. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council. ---c_Leater, 13th March, 1900.

' "‘AT HATE STAR LINE vr ROYAL muaL STICAMBRS. LIVIIRPOOL to NB'W YORK via bop. (1110e118t0W13, Wed.fil 'pnl 4 TEUTONIC Wed., April 11 Class passage at low rates Including Outtt free of 4;7 to New York, Boston, Ph:ladelphii, or Baltimore 1441Y8e tot I4mAT, Imam, and Cc.„ Liverpool and 34. street, London 8.C.. LINE STEAMEI 8,8. , SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. *8 B. 'fIu,•REAN for Halifax and Philadelphia...... March 31st ta 8. ,-;iRISLIN for Halifax and Portland April 6th ~,,LcCADIAN for St. John's N.V. and Halifax April 14th *s.B, ZURNO:i AYRICRN for Ouebea & Montred April 21st 1,-"A„RISI AN for Quebec and Montreal . ..... ...April 26th I'ICRNICIAN fur Monte Video an 1 Buenos Ayres 'Pril 26th. „ SOO Largo only, *Via Londonderry. hr0u,4,11 pares from £lO, 2nd Cat,ln -.V, Steerage £5 0,451. Tickets to all points at special rates. tZee T,'A.—Handbooks, mans, rates, and full particulars ot, RPPlioation to ALLAN BROTIrrIiS & CO., 19, James-

CAVITA WANTED IN CANADA. LISTS, persons with moderate incomes, Farmers, Far k Labourers, young men desiring to learn farming, ka.kunlestic Eervants, for whom special arrangements are ip FRED GRANTS OF LAND of *anitoba and the North West. No Rent. The grain crop erEkitoba alone in 1899 was 55.619.764 bushels. PrearoL,'" Lands in other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. "e• hools. Low Taxes Healthy climate. Record Trade and Record Revenue in 1899. kati-ke,Dhlets, Maps, reliable information and advice on all hiarl co 4 of interest to intending a.ttlers, and. as to the trade I,ost f 'nil:levee of the Dominion, may be obtained gratis and (tllderree on application to the AllAn, D3minion, or Beaver -Etnad I2empstert Co.) Lines ; or their local Agents ; the kept-1k" Pacific Railway Co., or to the Canadian Govern- Corey, 15, WATEE.-8 TREE:. Liverpool. (liven Atlabon_dence and personal interviews invited. Lectures Lantern Slides loaned

AT. T. G-ILLIGAN (UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH THE LATE JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 331 BUTTERMA.RKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage.

\f/V EDDI. .N GnitsENNDT2 I T al) A Y AU() COINS. WAR MEDAT...s, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selcction or WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRFISENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellan,ous. Also a Fine Selection of Rare COINS, WAR 7,I4DA.LS ANTIQUES, CHINA and BI4C-A-BRAD, OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PONNINGrON Sc; CO; L.i. T.. NT;Lions, AND strx.artsiarrus, DEALERS tN COINS, WAR MEDALI AND ANTIQUES. 63-RE NSHAM-STRN b'T, LIVERPOOL-63 Established 1819. Valnttior4s for Probate.

FIRST DELIVERY OF NEW OPIZING GOODi. Thorontzhly Rainproof' R9glan Overcoats Froicy Cheviot Lou,,ge Suits Fancy Ca-thmere Trous >rs l3- 11AT4, I • P )4 ART TAILOR, 9, CHURCH-LANE, LIVERPOOL. C"H (to any amount) immediately ADVANCED on FURNITURE, PIANOS, WORKS 0 ART, &c. Lowest Charges 1 Consultations Free I Strict Privacy FURNITURE, PIANOS, Ac., Purchased. WILLIAM TODD, 16, BERRY-STREET (TOP OF BOLD-STREET), LIVERPOOL. MEN WHO ARE STUDYING YOUR HONOUR— "OUR BOBS" and his Officers, backed up by the British Army. MEN WHO ARE STUDYING YOUR FEET_ ARTRUR EVANS and his Managers, backed up by 6s. 6d. and Bs. 63. Gent's Boots that have no equal in Liverpool. City Branches :- 5, LONDON-ROAD • 24, BERRY-STREET ; 51, BYROM-STREET, Ac.. LIVERPOOL

(iIIIp.EG PARDON, EXCUiE :4E, BUT WHERE DID-," " OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, . T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECH-STREE T, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 33. ; Satin de Chine for 38. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each recover. Choice selection of Umbrellas .and Walking Sticks always pt in stock. -27, llertclivlsTEß-BT., Liverpool. ‘ZERGE JACKETS FOR COLD WEATHER.- 0 Every workman should have one of HAC.UE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. 3erge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool. SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's FAT- THRNS for our Celebrated 103. 6d (to measur.` TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE an( LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street. Liverpool. All goods sent car- riage paid.

CANARIBS.—D. CLARK AND SON have the largest and best appinted show rooms in England. Over 1,000 in stock. All varieties. The most reliable house In the tra ie. CO AKS, singing (guaranteed) from 6s.,HENS. from 33.-64, SHAW-SPRE.6T, LIVERPOOL. BIRD SEEDS.—W.:',upply all the leading fanciers and judges. Spanish .4 quarts, is. 2d, ; Turkish, 10d.; Hemp, 91.; Inga, Is 2d.; Rape. Is. 2d.; Linseed, is. ; Mixed, is. and Is 2d. ; Maw Seed, 40. per lb. Special quotations for large quantities.-64, SHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BRADLEY, PASS AND CO., 66, HANOVER-STREBT, TWO DOORS FROM BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKES, GILDERS, AND HOUSE DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLORS, OIL PAINTINGS, &c. GLACIER IMITATTONS OF STAINED GLASS.

464 WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SiLVisn "RthiLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE,. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HILLAIARKED CASE, well finished and especially adapted to fit flit in the pocket. "FOR FIFTIL SHILLINGS. This watch is time i to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNI.' OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATUH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COAPETITION 1 A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only froth EUSTANCE AND CO.. watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE A T W. BOOTHRO YD'S PIANOFORTE AND ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 134, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. GOLD MEDAL AWARDED FOR Hlrill-OLASS PIANOFORTES. FIRST iGREAT CLEARANCE SALE DURING THE MONTH OF MARCH. EVERY ARTICLE A GENUINE REDUC- TION FRON 25 to 50 PER CENT. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF PIANOFORTES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF ORGANS. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF VIOLINS. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF MANDOLINES. GREAT CLEARANQE, SALE OF. 'MUM°. - PHONES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF EDISON BELL PHONOGRAPHS. HUNDREDS OF ;RECORDS. Hundreds of Melodeons, Concertinas, Mouth Organs. ece. Ac., all to be cleared at a Great Reduction in Price. PIANOS FROM (in UPWARDS. SPECIAL NOTICE. DURINa- THE GREAT CLEARANCE AT W. BOOTHROYD'S WILL BE EXHIBITED THE LATEST NOVELTY ELECTRIC PIANO (PENNY IN THE SLOT) Which was THE great attraction at the last Local Ex- hibition. This Electric Piano has been taken up by most of the leading HOTEL PROPRIETORS throughout the Country. Everyone is invited to call and hear this MARVELLOUS INSTRUMENT. most Ingenious and Sensational invention. Plays Marvellously, NOTE THE ADDRESS : We BOOTHROYD, 134, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.- NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED TO THE LAR'I-E AND COMMODIOUS PREMISES IN BEWSEY-STREET, Lately occupied by Messrs. Hesketh and Dutton. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAi. BANDAGES, ABDONIINAL BELTS. BUY THEM FR 'Pt THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AD SONS, 37, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866.

STAND No. 37. THE EXHIBITION SENSATIO Is STANWA Y'S CIGAR AND CIGARET TE MAKERS AT WORK. Everyone should see and sample the CIGARS and CIGARETTSS made while you walt.—they are splendid.

ST ND No. 67. JOHN MELBOURNE, MILLWRIGRT, AND ENGINEER, WILDERSPOOL IRON WORKS, WARRINGTON, MANUF eCTURER 07 ENGINES, BARK MILLS, LEATHER ROLLERS. OFFAL ROLLERS, PUMP GEARING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, CORN MILL GEARING. CRANES, CRABS, ac. Heating Apparatus, by Hot Water, for Greenhouses, Drying Sheds, ke. Iron and Brass of Every Description. Repairs punctually attended to. Telephone No. 122.

T A HOMAS LLEN AND SONS, PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, ARE SHEWING BATH, LAVATORY, and w.o. for a Model Cottage, also a display o; worked lead, Ac. STAND 52. TELEPHONE 176, NOTE THE ADDRESS MERK:Y STREET, (BRIDGE FOOT) WARRINGTON.

GENUINE EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL, REMEDY IN OASES op RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC GOUT SCIATICA LUMBAGO. HEADACHE, PAINS IN THE STOMAOH. SPASMS, BRUISES, CHILBLAINS, &C. PRICE is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. J. H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WHITECHAPEL, 7, CHURCH STREET • AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Wholesale from EVANS, SON AND Co., and Jorm THOMP- SON, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 700.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. TANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. lvi STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRBR (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE 14/VARRING [ON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY 'BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF fIIE BUXTON LIMIS FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICR AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office Marson Street, Warrington TO FARMERS CROSFIELDS' AGRICULTURAL LIME, now k../ used by most leading Farmers in Cheshire and South Lancashire; results proving that it is THE BEST AND MOST ECONOMICAL FORM OF LIMB FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES. Depot: Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington, where full particulars and price may be obtained on application. For the convenience 01 Farmers in Sankey and district a stock is kept at Sankey.—For particulars apply to Mr. T Halton, Sankey.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblll. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Caniatek 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTOV RSTABLIHRD 1833

THE NOTED AMERICAN SPECIFIC ANTISEPTIC BALSAMIC LOTION FOR THE MOU2II. As supplied to the members of the Courts of 4\ustriA and Belgium, prepared by B. Y. LA. GRANGE, M.D., D.D.S., Late of Brussels, BelAium. Doctor of Medicine, California Medical College (San Francisco), Doctor of Dental Surgery, Chicago College of Dental Surgery, Dental Department. Lake Forest University. ehicago, Illinois, Diplome du Roystume de Belgique, Member California Yleslicil Society, World's Columbus Dental Congress (Chicago), /cc. 72, PRINCES ROAD (Corner of Upper Warwick St.), LIVERPOOL. Forwarded on receipt of Postal Order for 2, ed. Past Free

WEDDING EINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fn. TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANDIS AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Szßkey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

For Ready 20 years DR. D..3VIS' FAMOUS FEMALS PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. :They are the best known remedy for Anaemia. Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ai 1 ments. Boum, 90., Is. 10., 2. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stock ask them to obtain them, or to be had direct from the Pro- prietor— On. Di:ne, 309, Portobello-ro , Notting Hill. London.

FOR BRILLIANT LIMIT. THE WELSBACH'S BURNERS, THE WELSBACH'S MANTLES. FIRE PROOF CHIMNEYS, MICA CHIMNEYS, COLOURED CHIMNEYS. INCANDESCENT GAS GLOBES. FIRE-PROOF GAS GLOBES. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERENT COLOURS. GAS GLOBES OP DIFFERENT PATTERNS. GAS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS AND COLOURS. SILVER-PLATE GLASS FOR MIRRORS. &c. AT THE LOWEST PRICES. AT A .txDAMS'S, 212. NORTH HILL-STREET. Or at 80, ST. JAMES-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

T. CLARKE. " DEMMER " OFFICE, 335 MARKET ST., EARLESTOVSTN STATIONER, NEWSAQ-ENT, &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES, and a large Variety of other Articles useful and rnamental always in Stock. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOU BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. 4LL3OPP'2 MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATI,BY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIG b CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. IS NOW SHOWING ALL THE NEW SHAPES IN SAILOR HATS FOR 1900. BLACK, WHITE, k SPECKLED, SPECIAL VALUE. MOURNING MILLINERY A SPECIALITY. A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AVFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 108. Od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Otter and Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION, The Best Remedy for FALLING UR WEAR HAIL And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 28. ed. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- W. B. SWEETMAN. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

MBRELL I UMBRELLAS THE LATEST NOVELTISS SUITABLE POR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AN SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN RALF AN HOUR FEOII 3s. 6D. T. BRI ERLEY, • 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

WILL BE GIVEN FOR THE BE3I THREE I VERSES ON SPRING CLEANING IN THE STYLE OF "THE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR," Introducing the names of one or more of the articles named on this bill. FOR CONDITIONS SEE HANDBILLS. SPRING CLEANING. FURNITURE ()REAM gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and French-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 6i. bottle for 4d., Is. bottle for 7d. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS give a brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, &c. Staining an Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Usual 6d. size for 4i 1., is. size for Bd., 2s. 6d. size for I. sd. per Dottie. MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT as used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decorators Has the orginal brightness of Gold, easy of application and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, is. bottle for 70. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH. BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of metal, brass, steel or iron, and is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 2cl. for id. is, Tin for 41. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA. is. bottle for 10d. Small trial size 6d. HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES, WASH LEATHERS, FURNITURE CREAM. SOFT SOAP, VARNISH STAINS, BRUNSWICK BLACK, &c., &c, of the best quality are sold at the lowest prices. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, :MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, VIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

NEW FURNITURE at OLD PRICES. FURNISH THROUGHOUT NEW BEDSTEADS at OLD PRICES. AT OLD PRICES AND EFFECT A SAVING OF FROM 10 TO 45 NEW CARPETS at OLD PRICES. PER CENT. AT THE NEW LINOLEUNIS at OLD PRICES. PIONEER COMPLETE FURNISHING NEW CURTAINS at OLD PRICES. STORES. NEW DRAPERIES at OLD PRICES. 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. EVERYTHING NEW ENORMOUS UP-TO-DATE STOCK. EXCEPT THE PRICES, SPLENDID PREMISES. WHICH ARE THE SAME AS CHARGED All Purchases over 40s. delivered Free to any Railway Station in Great Britain. BEFORE THE RECENT HEAVY ADVANCES Send for Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. WERE MADE BY MANUFACTURERS.

THE MANCIIESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, 1-101tSEMARK8T-STREET, WARRINGTON, GREAT SALE. OVERCOATS AT HALF-PRICE. 4s. TO 10s. IN TEE BOUND, OFF ALL WINTER STOCK. THIS IS NOT A SALE OF OLD STOCK ONLY, MOST OF ['HE GOODS. HAVING BEEN MADE FOR THIS SEASON'S TRADE, THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GUNS! GUNS ! ! GUNS The largest and best selection in the North of England; a perfect fit guaranteed. All kinds of Rifle, Revolvers, Air Guns. and Implements, at lowest rices. CARTRIDGES. Sporting Cartridges a peciality ; nothing but the best msterials being used. QUNFIT i ING. Customers can have heir guns properly fitt,id at our new range, Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets, arc. All repairs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, • FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Sm. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF FLIO.LOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS, Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &e., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061,

ELASTIC LEGGING. IF YOU WANT ELASTIC STOCKINGS WRITE AND SEND SIZE TO THOS. HEWITSON & CO. UNDERCLOTHING AND C )lIS ET st, • MANUFACTURERS. 157 TO 163, LONDON—ROAD, 11, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, la. 1103. EACH, CARRIAGE PAID. OFF CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIE FOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, &c., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE NA. 169 BRANCM UFFICE 4, HORSE ‘IARKET-ST• OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEATHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

k,iOOPER AND CO'S CAKES, SHORTBREAD, BISCUITS (in Fancy Tins) CHOCOLATES, &c., " COSAQUES (Crackers), DRID FRUITS &c., TEAS (in Decorated Tins), LOCAL BRANCH, 4, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

JAM ES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-ont horses, cows. &a. removed any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SO RAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YALD, LONGFORD.

NOTICE. Al. T. GILLIGAN FOR UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH I. M PORTER, HORSEMARKET STREET). BEGS TO INFORM the I N HABITANT 3, of 1/7 ER NGTON, and Surrounding Districts that he has opened the PREMISES 33, BUTTERMARBET STREET, WITH A CHOICE SELECTION OF FISH. GAME AND POULTRY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERe, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, a d he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage

.. , , '' - - .',,4 *.- :'"' J ' , ~.4C;-• -.4.4*.' „, `,%-:,; .t 4 ...-. ~. ' ' . ',:z*. -- • ; Ar- . ~,,,g, . ; ,;;;; ' . ' ~ti.•"' •N .-, , ' ,', lA,F -/- r D U • ;•‘.., • 11 '. - ~.: ~ r. ', ,; - ;o, ' ..1. , 'l.' ''' ...:.k:Z ': :1 .: - '.. 114.i.t*.• '' 1, * air, . ~.4 '..,, .•; - , 0 9 ''', .„,:.. • THE GREAT OPPORTUNITY NOTTO BE MISSED .s. - - • .- . ~.,,.... -.- • ..,,, .-,,,,,,,,,,,,- -,.• if ' .-..p'..- ..c.', • F „, • ........ -• :. c ... . k ' '‘'''.ll'''‘',.. D the price, , \,::',4 -1., . ~—.... %, well lini- \ \ ~, ..., cf ~.... 4 I The Coat 'l.i \.- \ ~, -...4, , \ t ' the latest . 3 r ,ied American \ - *‘• ''.. s' .71,3 C iJar, tight- 'i4C' t- he, \ ing back, and )se front,tasten- ' .7 -414% er ig with barrel If \:-Ri N.,.... closed. The Skirt is the latest full N • sli". ' ,*. 1 Q shape. Price com- plete, only 1016. t'VAlril'4':-T. ... '''' i ' .4' • ' err Carriage 6d. extra. e Skirt alone, 5/6. iti' Carriage, sd. A • Nei,-...i. es !igl ; Chenille Toque (as sketch ), „ 8,11. Car. 6d. I,\Vf. i\ ~,40:),:. rr, , "•,... \\ , _ Mourning ~,,x, .4:, , .z. 4 s .i„,-, ~ \ ~,,v,,,, Orders ,xecuted in 12 :;',i,".1 ~," 4*, ,turs. --.....—. -5-'"• \ 6

Ladies who wish to sate money should • grasp die present op- portunity of procuring their new Costumes at ItIANUFAC'X'UnEnS' f PRICES, gieft :1 r. direct by Parcel 'Post. , No Delay. No Wng. _ . 71!4iIik , iiNfiti;;! 4LiL- John Noble TABOUT s. • : ins. ea. 18.

pii,vrTP RN S SENT POST FREE of The John Noble Costume Coating and The John Noble , Cheviot Serge (with Illustrated Catalogue ol Co-;tumes, Mantles, &c.) A Full Dress Length of either Cloth (6 Vds.. 52 ills. 7 's wide), for 76. Carriage, Bd. Aneleng-,th cut at i 3 the yard. II ti .:1;' WI., • C Colours Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Fawn, Khaki, Grey, :v.?" and Royal Blue. ..<Lehs "Z. HOrb R ASP'` Sizes in Stock of Ladies' Coqumes are 34, 36, 38 ins. round bust (under arms); waists 24, 26, 28 ins.; Skirts being 3S, 4o and ,iipPORTUNITIES 42ins.long in front. Any other size made to measure, 1,6 extra , • 41110JIIMARELGRETS PLEASE MENTION THI_ DERING & SEND ORDERS DIRECTTO muiu4 - EET TEJO JOHN., Nog t ti L I , . ' • 1.7:1 ll • •4' ,

A County Court Bailiff's Patriotism. Before hearing the disputed cases at the Warrington County Court last Thursday,his LiGnour Judge Gwy nut- James said he understood that Mr. Newton, who was one of the bailiffs of the Court had under the lost Army order been called up. L'; was optional to him uuder that order whether he responded to the call or not, but if he did so he was liab'e to serve in Ertiz- land, for twelve months. Mr Newton wished to know whet his position in that court would be when he re- turned in twelve moaths' time. MeNewton might make his mind perfectly easy in reference to that matter. If he served for 12 months, at the end of !hat period he (his Honour) should at owe reappoint him in his position. Everyone must admire the way in hich t mployers of labour bad kept places epen for servants who had had to go out to do their outy for their country and he sh,,uld be the last person to refuse to offer the same privilege to Mr Newton when he cathe back. (Hear, hear.) It is interesting to note tnat Mr. Newton is a sr:!olier who has seen considerable active service. In 1879-80 he s<rved in the Manchester Regiment with Lord Roberts in Afghanistan and took part in Ihe eel t brated march tr.m Cabal to Kandahar In 1882 he was in E:rypt with Lord Wolsley's forces and took part in the battle of Tel-el-Kebir. He was present at the surrender of Arabi Pasha. He has two medals and holds a certificate fc,r being proficient in the Hincu4tani language. He held the appointment in India of instructor in musktry , of the 16th Bengal native infantry and alto the position of Government Librarian. Be has now responded to the Qu; en's appeAi to her old soldiers to ofLr thomelves for hums dt-fence services. BED LIGHTS mean danger, and Pimples; Boils and Skin Eruptions generally, Buell " BLOOD POISoNING I '—and that may be very serious, Keep the blood right, for that's every- thing. and Do. JACOB TOWNSEND'S SARSApARILLA. does that to perfection I From all Ohemists and ;Stores. Advt. TINSEED COMPOUND' (Trade Mark) for Coughs and Colds, of proven.efficacy, 131-d. Sold by Chemists CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the ba(k. Free from Mercury. Estatlished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th ough but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Tne Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Advt VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—It your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beauticu!, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d per bottle. —Advt.

DRA_UGHTS• EXAMINER" MARCH 23RD, 1900. All communications inci-tding sol iti u. to proutens and problems for Competition, must be addres3ed to the " Drauets Editor." " Examiner " Office, War- rington, and inust rcach th.officti not later tban the first post on F lIDAY morning. The Draughts Elitor will be pleased to receive problems from local pl:.yers, and will, as far as possible. answer in this column all inquiries.] --- SOLUTION TO PROBLENI No 76. By W. TOMICINSON, Wurricgton, Black niFn on 3. 5,6, 7. and 10; King on 9. White men on 12 13, 17, 21, and 22; King on 4. Black to move and win. 9-14 8- 4 *23-26 3- 3 a 16-20 4 8 al9-23 8 3 7-11 Black 14 -18 12- 8 51) 6-10 3- 8 Wins. 22-15 3-12 3-- 8 11-16 10-19 4- 8 26-31 8-11 al9-24 8- 3 6-10 17-14 10-17 3-10 Drawn. b 7-11 17--14 26-30 3- 8 11-15 8 -11 30-26 11-2 26-22 2,-24 22-18 21-17 18- 9 24-20 Drawn. *Only moves to win. Pli.Oß I,IIM No. 77. SELECTED. [BLACK J

r 1244 Ull r • u. eViYiVVd r y , rj• PA m 4 4 IWHITE2. White to move and win.

----- -7-7-- THA MI., i a 7 4 r J 0 :r4 /r i 7AI WI is '1 rA,, 1 1- - vd/sav /A . ; //4, . A. • iY, . U. r.orAcP 7/ „, : ',

A CHEAP CIGAR. There are plenty of cheap cigars but in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the cigar sold at a low price is not worth being called a cigar. It is a cigar by name but not by nature, and the purchaser usually has grave doubts about its cheapness by the time he has got down to the last half-inch. We have no doubt that a good cigar can be put on the market at a reasonable figure, and tire proprieors of the "London Weekly Times and Echo" have proved this by making it an accomplished fat. They are now issuing a " Weekly Times and Eoho " cigar at 2d. or 50 for 83. 44., specially manufac-Ared by Messri. Wart- mann and Co., and the nurchacer of the article will, we feel sure, consider he has got hi a money's worth. Hav- ing tried them we can cordially recommend the "Weekly Times and Echo " Cigars. They are mild, cool, sweet, and the public and the trade will find them a good in- vestment. 110 - Warrington Markets. At the Warrington Corn Market on Wednesday wheat (white) fetched 45 (701 b to the bushel) ; red wheat 3s 11d ; oats, 25 51 ; flour (be3t seconds) per 2401 b., 193 ; bran, is per 201 b.. At the Provision Market prices were as follows:—Fresh butter, is 2d and is 3d per lb ; fresh eggs, 13 and 14 for is ; cheese 84 and 94; fowls. 45 6d to 5s 61 per couple; English beef, 61 to 914 ; mutton 7d to 10d; veal, 7d to 10d ; pork 61 to 81d.

/ • CYCLES.—BAIGAINIS.-1,801 -o.a Machines, new &second-hand, from c.0711ri7z., • go,. each ; agents wanted ; wholesale wit .C'r. /7-5. lit free any address. Warrelow & ditV •viilo" anapany, ireston-mtpar-Mare.

Sold under a Positive Guarantee to cure Rheumatism,NervousDiseases, -, ... Sciatica, Sleeplessness, Asthma, Back- ache,Weakness, Bronchitis, Stomach & . = ' s-- ' Heart Troubles, and other diseases. ~ .....' •,:. )11 c% 1-1,.. Thousands Cured. This Powerful 1) kJ' I-' a American Tonic will cure you; If not .-: .. t..- ti-.; ~ money refunded. Circular.; & Testi- , monsals free. 300 doses, 416. (J. RING, .. I.,fr Sales Agent for Great Britain). SWAN. SOW RHEUMATIC CURE CO., 2, Fred- MAFK • erlc.k Crescent, Brixton, S.W.

THE VACANCY IN HOWLEY WARD. The Nominations. The following are the nominations which were banded in on Tuesday ! Mr. Samuel Davies, baker, 17, Wellingtor-s`teet, pro- posed by Mr James linsley, seconded by Mr Juha Whitby, supported by Messrs William Lee, James Spencer, William Jarman,Philip White, Joseph G mlden, James Gle7sve, Peter Navlor, and John T Chantler. In a second paper the candidate is proposed by Mr John Dawhurst, sec )nded by Mr J3seph Birchall ; and sup- ported bv Messrs E Pennington, W E Perntenton, J Sankey, J Whitfield, J Spencer, S As'ifield, T Woods,and R Callan. In a third paper Mr Davies is proposed by Mr John Fairclough, seconded by Mr Arthur Bennett ; and supported by Messrs A Carter, T Coopt.r, H J Pearce, W Spencer, W Gleave, John Evans, R W An- twis4. and George Archer. Henry Singleton, Hilt Crest, Great Sankey master butcher, propised by Neville V.ncmt WiLon, seconded by Peter Cuthlyrt Mercer and supported by Isobel Rigby, Rich ad Miller, John Gibb ,us, deorge Lang, William Cook, Elias Allen, Eiz Allen, Catherine Miller, In a second paper Mr Singleton is proposed by Thomas Walsh, seconded by Albert Ellis and supported by John ALClinton, William Richardson' Elizabeth Riley, Harry Mather, Harry Green, Edward Meskall, Ernest Millar, Thomas Locker and John Hill, On Tuesday afternoon Mr. Singleton,who was brought forward by the Butchers Association, witbirew nominations, and consecpently Mr. Davies is 'returned unopposed.

THE HALF-HOUR MOST ENJOYED is the one in which the busy worker with brain or muscle obtains his delicious cup of BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. It is always so delightfully fragrant and refreshing. No one who can really appreciate a good cup of Tea would think of getting any other than BROOKE, BOND'S. It is sold by Agents everywhere at 1/2, 1/4, 1/6, z/8, 2/-, 2/4 and 2/8 per lb.

riIHE POPLARS, MANCHESTER-ROAD. SOUTHPO RT. I. —High Class Day an 4 Boarding School for Girls. Terms moderate.

MR. W. E. PAYTON AIUS, BAC. VIUT., (Organist And Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), RECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apnlv 58. LEGII-STREET. WarringtOß.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA HOUSE HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). PRINCIPAL —MkS KAIE B LLOYD, Assisted by a Staff of highly•gualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters GOOD-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education, Finest Position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms, Electric Light. Unsurpassei Health Record. Ex- cellent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local References on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

MANCHEST v. it GRA AMAR SCHOOL FEE £4 4s. PRR TERM. The NEXT TERM begins WEDNESDAY. APRIL 18th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, the same day at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Applicati ac., may be had at the School, N.B.—The Boarding-house in connection with the School, is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Iteceiver.

Ea be Let. PENKET-M-.2--Cottages 48.0 d., 3s. 9d. and 21;.-8.-a.-P-er Week MILL-'TRERT.—suite offices. 33, BRIDGE STREET LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse &c.. principal position in town, rent moderate. HOWLEY QUAY, House, Stables and Land, rent £3O. SANKEY STREET, Lock-up Shop. CORNER PROVISION sHOP, 78 6d. clear. 88. HOYLE STREET, 38 9d. BUTCHERS SHOE, Nr Market, with fixtures.rent moderate. 16, A BUTTERMARILET STRisET, provision shop with B.kehouse, rent £45. BANK STREET OFFICES, £5 room. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

TO LET, COTTAGE off LOVELY-LANE. rents 4e. Apply WOODS & SQL solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warring- ton.

TO LET. six roomed HOUSE, with good garden, neer JL Padote Station.—Apply Mrs. POTTER, Grcen-lane,.Pad- gate. 110 Lino—LARGE ROOM, Crford-street ; rent £2O, Apply W9oPfil 80.1!f. Soliaitors, Horgennghq-Atreet, Warrington. pREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODS it SON. Solicitor 2, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

TO LET, STABLE and COACH-HOUSE, with lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WooDs & SON, Solicitors 55, liorserntrket-street, VimingLOtl.

110 BE LEASED FOR BUILDING PURPOSES, A. 1 quantity of vet.% desirable front land, situated in Hood- lane, on each, side of the Rose and Crown Inn. And also for side three new bay-windowed houses in that very pleasant part of the town—Willis street, also a quantity of other pro- perty in various pArts of the town.—For particulars apply to Toms But TON, The Hollies, Liverpool-road.

E- GGS from old-fashioned Golden Phesant Fowls; 33. 6d. each sitting ; carriagefree.-7-Barralm,Longbon, Preston. EGGS for sitting from pure bred Mace MINORCAS and White Leghorn& 2s 6d per sitting ; no Sunday business. —J. HUGHES, Bruche Meath, Padgate, V arrington.

1-41GGS cheap ! Keepum. Send for instructions. No lime, grese, varnish or setting on end, no trouble ; keep many mouths as fresh; CLIBKF, Main-street, Old Fletton, Peterborough.

V m GGS for sitting from the following pure breeds of _LA Fowls :—Black Minorcas. White Leghorns, Black Leg- horns. Brown Legborns, Buff Legborns. Red Caps, Blue Andaluskne, Anconas. Ho udens, Indian game, Silver Wy,ndottes, Golden Wyandottes. Buff Cochins. Wtite Brahmas, Lancashire Buffs, Langshans, Plymouth Rocks (barred), Buff Orpingtons, Black Orpingtons, Indian Runner Ducks. Eggs as usual, all one price, viz : 2s. 6d. per sitting to those who fetch them; 3s. packed and put on rail. An inspection cordially invited. Come and see them. All clear eggs replaced at HENRY DRAPER'S, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows. Five minul es walk from Lowton, tit. Mary's Station. N 9 buDiness done on :-.,uudaye.

C-- YCLISTS.—AGUNTS WANTBD for High Grade Cycles; good coramission.—L IrcLEßiws,3.l+6arahall-road,Cambridge.

AGENIS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils. Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool. ti.. Wanted for CSLOVER-LANE CYCLES; for Run- corn.—Full particulars GLOVER-LANE AND Co., St. Helens.

WANTUD, Chemical PLUMBIiIt for permanent job,— —APPLY HALFIeLD S Manure and Vit. iol ?woks, Liverpool.

WAR MHDALS WANTItiD, dated 1848 or earlier. 1892 or lit2r ; also last Arctic; £4 each g.yen.—MAJoß Tom's Droitwicb.

/2.I.INDEItS (two or three good) WANIISD instnatiately.— k.A Apply ATHEnTeN 13P.01KER3, LTD., Henover-sLeet, Founiry, Preston.

rt ILK! MILK I—WANTIiD, several good dairies of 131 milk. State lowest price.--Smini AND Co., 29, %Yew: ivorth-sLeet, London. S. WHITE LEGHORN COOKER (L 3. • Best strains. Beautify! birds. Hatched 1:.98. 1E93 ; 55., 7s. 6d., and 108.—Vicia, Cowley, Ox:o,d.

\ ANTED. a smart YOUTH, to make himself generally useful, sleep out.—Apply H. D. KaCHEN. Bowliag Green. Hotel, Denton Manchester.

WANTED, gentlemanly YOUTH for high-elass Fine Art Dealer ; small premium.—Address D.C., 4, ORANGE COURT, 43, Castle-street, LiyErpcol.

WAIL MEDALS WANTED, eatea 1848, or earlier, £2 given ; aleo round Arctic-Red River. Firket, Atbara, Matabele, U.—MAJOR TOMBS, Droitwich.

WANTND young MAN, to • the Bakehouse, and to deliver with van for the country trade.—Apply to W.l.l.Lutt Haamisorr, Grocer An, Poet Office, Wrexham.

lAT ANTED St. Thomas' Boys' School, St. Helens, a Certificated ASSIsTANT MISTRESS ; also a Female Ex. P.T.—Apply to CORItEsPuNDENZ by letter.

4GENTS wanted PANNASsINA the marvellous cure for Gapes in Pheasants, Poultry&c. Sample & terms 7d. Stamps. —llAmmoND,,l9,Anstey-rt.i. Camberwell, London.

RO—YAL Navy and Royal Marines. CANDIDATES for all branches can now be provided from Warrington, par- ticulars on application.-183, 011FoRD-LINE, Warrington.

rilWO Marvellous Mechanical NOVELTIE3, the Little I. Manikin and the Explosive Beetle, 6d each 9d the pair. Address EMPIRE EuITELTY CO. Oldham. Agents Wanted.

DRESS/ AKING.—WANTED, competent Bodice, Skirt, and 81,eve Hands ; to live in ; state salary ; reference. —Apply KING AND bLACKEURN, Oilk Mercers, Blackburn.

DIR MING HA XI GOODS, Furniture, Bassinettes .1) Wringers, Toys, Hardware Jewellery, Watches, &c, AGENTS WANTED. Wholesale book free. HENRY MAY. Birmingham.

DHICKLAYHRS. Wanted two good deputies £2 8s Od per we 4:. Bricklayers 94d per Lour. Hod carriers 6d. Long job.— CALDENBANK, Foreman, Hauceby Asylum. Grantham, Lincolnshirl.

eiGENTS, male and female, article used in every house- -1 office, shop ; instant orders ; permanency ; small out. ley ;60 per cent. commission ; sample free.—Letters MANAGER, 42, Amesbury Avenue, Streatham, London.

DISTRIUT IIdANAL* NiAir TALI oy 4 briLiail company handling a high cia4s Hygienic article of American manufacture, exceptional terms to the rignt party. dtate qualifications. The AM. CENTUItY THERm.s.L Co., Regent House, Regent-street, London, W.

HIITMAKIfRS and JACKET HAND horoughly ex- perienced) WAATED immediately for the Wholesale Trade. Constant emp:oyment to practical hands.—Apply WILLIAM (OATEN AND SON, Shirt, Jacket, Overall. sc., Manufacturers, and Manchester Warehousemen, Priarsgata, Bridge-street, Warrington. k,stablished 186 S. SABITARY INSPECTORS and others prepared for Sanitary Examination by postal tuition, or in class, also in Practical Sanitary science. Sanitary Engineers Exam. ,and Surveying, for Prospectus and terms apply, TEACHER OF SANITARY SCIENCE, 7, Oak Bank Avenue, Clough Side, Blackley, Manchester.

IVANTED, CEETIFICA.TED TRAINED HEAD MIS- TRESS for Girls' Department to start new British Schools, Knowsley-road, St. Hine! C. About 100 scholars to commence with, after Easter Vacation ; salary £B.). Also Certificated trained ASSISTANi MISTRESS for above at £65 per annum—THOMAS T. BEST, Knowsley-load British Schools, St. Helens.

SITARY INSPECTORSHIPS. Salaries £lOO to £250. AN Numerous vacancies. Permanent appointments, Postal course of lessciassnow commencing for Liverpool Exam. Open to all. Previoui experience unnecessary, 200 successful candidates. Lad es eligibl.. Apply toz E LIT M Science Teacher, Sunderland.

EIRUI CERBILS and FLORISTS supplied with fruits and 1: flowers.—J. D. Hamm, Covent Gardens, London. HOPE FOR ALL WI-10 SUFFER; send penny stamp for '• Friendly Guide."—ENIGHT, Chemist, Bradford.

DRUNKIDINESS radically cured; p •ckets 2s 9d, 4s 6d post free. —Apply Dr.if kmAx,Parkhill,Saltash,Cornwall DRESENTS.—Ladies' or Men's —new Silver Watches 10s. 6d. gold from 22a €kI.—KIRBY'S WATCH STORES, Peterboro'. --- - A NTI-LIQUOR 12EMED positively cures drunkenness. 1-1_ 2s 9d. post free.—LEGION Co., 12. Cross-st , Wrexham.

BUSINESS-LBTTERS address, in the m )st central office in Liverpcol, £6 per year. M, 83a. BOLD-STREET, Liverpool.

DO YOU wish to make 250/s on your savings and double your capital ? If so write taIi(*ROGAN, 6 Thavies Ina London. 8.0.

AN IMPORTANT MATTER.—AII married people should send address to A. bCoTT & Co., 41, POulett-ruad, East Ham, London, B.

QAPBS.—Send for Price Liets, over I.LO in stock ; state size.—lsomA.s WITHFRS AND Saxe, safe Works, Sand- well-road, West Bromwich.

ADViCE given on any subject astrologically, fee 5s ; time of event happening required,—LAWßANCE, 1, Argyle Villas, Preston-road Brighton,

DIGS, —Grand Stores for from El each, in large or _L small lots, direct trom where bred ; state station.—W. THORPE, Islebeck, Thirsk, Yorkshire.

ECZEMA BALTA.—The miraculous Eczema and Skin Cure ; cures when all else has iailed ; poet free, )3 stamps.—The ECZEMA. Beim Co, t'carborough.

fAllii_2B Page Illustrated Price List of Rubber Surgical Ap- pdances post free; no etter or cheaper anywhere.— ATKINSoN, 6 Hill-strcit, Middlesborough.

mWENTIMH Century Waste Not Water Tap, approved J. by all water companies, pot free 23 gd ; agents wanted. —Address LUTHER, 19, spencer-road, Putney. „ DANDRUPP,—AbsoIute remedy, harmless; cases of long standing successfully treated, write enclosing 7 stamps, —Num,E, 6, Victoria-road, Oldfield Park, Bath.

(11VEN away post free a2B page illustrated price list of l_A RUBEER SURGICAL APPLIANCES and useful in o'-nlatioU, —Address 56, BILL-STEEET, e 4 iddies br o'

- • • TYPISTS please send to Impregnable Carbon Co., 72 LOWER Fcen•sT., Coventry. for samples and prices of. their Celebrated Impregnable Manifo'ding Carbone.

110MHWORK, either sex.good income weekly, no canvas- ink:or anything to learn ; enclos . stamped envelope.-- TREWHITT, 61, Nicar-st eet. Hendon, Sund,rland.

100 SUPERIOR Ivory Viriting or Addre6 U.UDS ls. Agents wanted, liberal terms.—JACKSON, Lade Printer, Stony Stratford, Bulks Name this paper.

_ WITH'S PLANT FOOD acts like naaic on flowers, fruit, vegetables ; sample tin is ; pamphlet free ; agents wanted :—Wint's CHEMICAL MANURE Co.. Hereford.

D ARE French and Enplish WORKS. Curios, Facetla, Jtj ,tc. Very valuable priveote collection ; catalogue Is postage 20.—H. BOCVIER, 44, Rue St. George's l'aris.

46VIREBliIrE" new coil saver noticed in "Midame" and ariA and Home," of grccers nd or 9 stlmps.— PROPRIETott, " Firebrite" Faitseat. Savenoaks, Kent.

WHITE SHIKTS Extraordinary value 3 for Es. 3d. worth double ; Co Jars fourfold, extra heavy 33. 9d, dozen, elr,loge free.—HATTER, Shirtmaker, Sutton, Surrey.

TIULL PARTICULARS of the most simple and successful J. method of finding winners on receipt of P.O.for 2s 6d ; no further charge.—it THoMLS,4 Bath-street,Stoke-on-Trent

AZOR.—Daisy Rattler, hollow ground. Sheffield menu- fectme, by post 28. 6d. IF unsatisf:siory money re • funded --I.l.4.earvsic BRos.62,Queen's-rd Bayswater,Lendon,W.

_O(4 PER WE 1K easily made by selling coupons for music. ASLi— Send stamped addressed envelope for sample lot free, INILLism,,ioN. 441, Manchester-road, Bradford. Yorkshire.

5,000 WHITE-METAL Centre-seconds WATCHES, must be cleared at 4s. 3d. each ; sent on receipt nf amount post paii.—CUMBERBIBCH'S, 27, Rochdale-road, Ilanchestex.

91HOMAS' DRUG STORES, 118, Kinizslnnd-road, London 1. N.B. Genito Urinary Skn and Birod Diseases, Loss of Netve Power, Vaticocele and Allied Troubles,cured by special treatment. Particulars post free.

H ANDSOME Pair Floral LACE OURTAIN. 3 yards long, bite or Herne, 2s. 9ri. ; efv.riage paid ; guaranteed exceptional value.—WiLLLlm CANN, 4, Belvoir-terrace, Bun- buy-street, Nottingbam.

TOHNSON'S HAIR HOURISHRIC, 3s. 6d. Lady writes : V " The nicest thing I have ever ustd. It has made my mise-able hair grow. I recommend it right and left. '-16, BUCKINGHAM PALACE-ROAD, London.

MANUFACTURERS' REMNANTS, Dress Goods, Prints Velvets, Calicos, Cretons. Serges, Shirtings, Flannel. ettes, ; 101bs. bundles cheat) ; stamp for price list.—W, CLeaucsozr, Merchant, Bradford.

TT OI7SEMAIDS' Print or Shirting Dressee, ss. 6d. mid 7s. ; black and navy lined cloth skirts 4s. ; black cash* mere etc ;kings, 2s. 6d. for 3 pairs all r:zriage free.— SHERLFF AND Co., Warehousemen, Hertford.

gIOOREWARD to any Person Producing a Cure for Piles more successful during 10 years than Baselib, the Puysicians Inward Remedy ; worth El. By Chemists Is ; post tree Is hi. SPEDDING. Bone-setter, Batley.

VHAKI COSTUMBS.-10 yard length of beautiful Khaki drill, exact same cloth as used for the Imperial Yeomanry ; fadetess, washing only improves it; post free for 10s 6d.—A. WARD, Bunkingham.

A KIND OFFRR.—If this meets the eye of anyone /I. Ruptured we shall be pleased to sPnd free a home cure for tl.it danvroua malady. RHEUMATIC CURE CO. 2 Frederick Crescent, Brixton, London, S.W.

UOR SALE.—Geranium Cuttings, Itaspail Improved, the 1. best Getanium or the cut-flower trade ,9d per dozen ; be per 100; reoed cuttings 711 6d per 100, spctial prices per 1,00 ; free fo7 c:sh with order.—A. L, CIIILMERs, St. Peter-In-0u -Wocd, Guernsey.

ELEOTRICITY I—Everyone interested in Electricity should procure the " Practical Engineer " Electrical POCKET BOOK and DIARY, price is,, or leather gilt la 6d poen° 2d.—TEcnr4cA.L PUBLISHING CO. LTD., 31. a, Whit- worth. street, Manchester, and all Booksellers. RAT POlSON.—Amongst the many preparations now offered for the destruction of Eats. Mice, Moles, etc., Sanford's original" Found Dead" specialities are admitted by users to be the best, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln bines. Is. 2d. 25.. and 33. post free. SANDFORD tt SON, kiandy. Sold by Chemists

rro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. :Minable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address L HOSING. 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

(J NB SOVBRBIGN will be awarded, absolutely free I'l every purchaser oi a Recipe Book, sending in corre 3t solution to Competition-Punle ; par.iculars with each book , containing 5C3 yalutale recipes and secrets, etc. Indispensa- ble to all tradespeople and families ; post free 2s. P.O. 2.00 will be given to the War Fund if not genuine.--J. Ha a tre, Dagnall, Berkhanisted.

LIOLDING BATH STAND.— This stand a:11 prevent all 1 scratching of wits or paint by the Bath being propped against either. May be pushed about without fear of tailing owl% Bath takes less than half floor space than when in use. Folds lato flat sin face and kept so with hooks ' • qute easy to carry • will also make bed rest and beaeh seat. Price free = parceipost 7s. 6d. from. T. Inwsos AND SON, Mill-Areet Lualfoid, Devon. BILLIARD TABLH, full size, Secondhand, by Ashcroft, In wainitt, with fittings complete.—Apply W. I BAYLiFx, 9 Tyrer-street, Houghton-street, Liverpool. BILLIARD TA.BLH, full size. Secondhand. by Orme and Son. in mahogany, with fittings cornplete.—Apply W. BAYLISF, 9, Tyrer-street, Houghton-street, Liverpool. r)FT. SEMI-BILLIARD TABLH, Secondhand, complete Li with fittings.—Apply W. BA.YLIFF, 9, Tyrer-street, Houghton-street.Li-ierpool. QFT. BAGATELLH TABLII, Secondhand, complete with fittlags.—Apply W. BAYLIFF, 9, Tyrer-street, Houghton- street, Liverpool. • A FT. by Vt. BILLIARD TAB LH. in mahogany, complete `-k with tittings.—Apply W. BIYLIFF, BilLardßable Maker, 9, Tyrer-street, Houghton-street, Liverpool.

NATIVE GUANO, best and cheapest Manure for farm and garden; an effectual remedy for fly, slug, ;£3 10s. per ton la bags ; two tans carriage paid ; 1 cwt bag carriage paid on receipt of P.O. ss. For twenty-fourth year's testimonials address NATIVE Guam. Co., LTD., 29, New Bridge-street, London, 8.0. Agents wanted.

.LIRIED-FISH AND CHIP-POTATO SHOP FITTINGS. .1.2 New Catalogue ready, 96 pages, 130 illustrations, the Largest and moat Up-to Date Book in the Trade. At our Showrooms we have a, greater variety of Ranges and Fittings for this particular trade than all the other makers In the United Kingdom put together. Send three stamps for New Book. post free. MABBoTT, 51, Lever-street, Piccadilly, Manchester.

*alts bp Vrtatt Irreatp. toors, Hearths, etc., also Pedestal Closets —CHEAP 1. TILE CO. (R. Dept.) Stoke, rtaffa,

DE Your Own MASTER.-30 ways of getting honest liv lug and 60 '1 rade Secrets for five etamps,—TowzisoN,l27, Moorhey, Oldham. This is genuine.

IN sale cheap fast young DONKRY, harness and London ki Barrow, almost new, The best little turnout in Man- chester.—W. STXEL, 50, Charlotte-street, Hightown, Man- chester.

ANDOLINES, Banjos, Silver Watches, Muffs, Silk 131 Umbrellas ; muffs is ea h, retail 21s : particulars one stamp.—UNIVERECA.I. SUPPLY, 36, Farriugdou-st., London.

DO YOU want to sit home and make £5 or £6 weekly without trouble? Start at once by posting 9 stamps to BEAUMONT AND Co.. 233, Pentonville-rpad, London.

OSBWOOD genuine Italian MANDOLIN% labelled with ease; handsomely inlaid; cost 2 guineas; accept 17s. 6d.—Mrs. Wow), Benton Park, Yeadon. Yorks.

LAZIHRS' DIAMONDS, special line 73 6d warranted to k_X cut well and wear well ; re-setting a speciality ; send for price list.—T. B. ANTILL, 15,St. John-st,Hd.,London.HO.

PIIOTO GRAPHY.—Any photo copied. cartes 2s lld ; cabinets 58 9d dozen ; nicely mounted, post free.— PHOTOGRAPHY, 204, Darlington-st., East. Wigan. Lists free

VARTHENWARE and China Dealers requiring crates of enamelled, printed white and mixed seconds, or china thirds ; also the famous semi-porcelain gold edge line and sprig ware, should apply t) FREDERICK MALKIN, Belle Worke, Euratom. Established 168.

AATAIITRD TO BUY sound Country Butchering BUSI- NESS and Premises —Apply letters only Is. WOOF, 24, Clreat Ancoats-street. Manchester.

FISH' Game, Poultry: well-estab BUSINESS; every con'ce ' • easy rent. reasonable ingoing.—THoßNTeN, 243, Bury Dew Road. Higher Broughton, Manchester.

HAYNAsS & CO. (established 1891), GENERAL BUbINESS AGENTS, 61. LORD-STICEET, LIVEWOL. Genuine BUSINESSES, large and small. of all descrip- tions WANTED and for SALE, to suit all classes. Moat reliable medium. No charge whatever to buyers.

JOHN BROWN & CO. ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (ErTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, S'OUTII JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

BOURNEMOUTH.—Bed and Sitting Room ; south; facing gardens; near pines, cliffs; no children.-79, dOUTII- -

rIIWO comfortable BEDROOMS for Ladies ia the country .1 during bummer or permanent with board en fanzine at BYTON FIELDS, Dorrington, Shrewsbury.

HAbTING.—APARTMI3NTS in private house aristocratic neighbourhood, near sea and rail, bath, plano,moderate terms, board i i desired.-4S, CORN WALLIS GARDENS.

DLACKPOOL.—Good sound company HOUSES, at valuation; or part valuation ; pr9menade and close to promenade ; rents £32 to 260. Oenuine.—Tolll TEAL, Manchester-ttrnwe.

HOYLAKS. Cheshire.—HOUSE TO BIC LET, Furnirhed two entertaining, eix bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen: tte. : moderate terms, ace rding to leng.h of tenancy —MIDDLETON, 39, Church-road.

Potels, Ppbrocs, iloartana &Ms _ SOUTHPORT HAYES'S REsTA.URANT, 38, CHAPEL STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. HAYES'S RESTAURANT,. SOUThPORT.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. HUSTON SQUARS HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINF.SS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co Ltd. Proprietors'. SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. ORe of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams, Terms from 75 6d per day, including rurkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

iiioner.

JEVESTMHNTS.—LiberaI interest and bonus tor loans £2O upwards; private lenders only.—Box 50, Advertising Agency, 15, West-street, Soho, London.

2150,000 dt.frrtonla pei; cent.tofbe Deeds Advainnoseudmons to suit blrrowers,in any part coeupnotrsi.:.o—J.,. READZR, 5. Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES U PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT Oft DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. APPIY VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at mi Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generall receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of 25, 27, £lO, £2O. £3O, £BO and upwards.

T ONDON AND PROVINCIAL ij LOAN COMPANY. LOANS .C 3 TO £5OO DAILY. ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. ' so LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions. Life Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £2C repayable 10/-per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2.5 „ 12/6 ~ £lO „ 5/- ~ £3O „ 15/- ~ 215 „ 7/6 £35 ~ 17/6 No Fees or Fines Charged. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Offi:e hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saturdays 9to 1 p.m. Apply to JOSEPH WADSWCRTH, District Agent, 121, Mersey-street, Warrington.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWAtiDS. ON BORROWER'S OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSIIESS ander HIS OWN NAM& He has always endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and ' THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPECTUSES, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, FREE OF CHARON, on applloa tion either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT. COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16. SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. Head Office, 20, Kennedy St., Manchester.

PRESERVE YOUR EYE-SIGHT. SPECTACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DEFECP OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, F.S.M.C., CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTHPORT,

Antrs 1313 3urtion. By MR. JOHN MAGINN. VVARRINGTON QUARTERLY HORSE SALES. NEXT SALE will be held on .7.:ionday, APRIL 9TH, 1900. Last day of entranc,3 Wednesday. APRIL 4TH. Entrance fees 3s each which cover all expenses if animals not sold. Owners are requested to enter their horses early in order to secure a good position in Catalogue For entry forms and further particulars apply to Mr. JOHN MAGINN, Auctioneer and Proprietor, Bridge-street, Warrington. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. • Office and Salerooms : No 1, BANK STREET. 14; ARRINGTON. Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furnitme and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c.. warehoused.

Public IL?ousts, Eartrboases, Su. EC. ANDBRTON, Auctioneer. Valuer, and Licensing . Agent ,Gresham-buildings, 101, DALE-ST., Liverpool bas to Let aud Sell several genuine HOTBLS, Public House and Beerhouses, with or without Goodwill; in Liverpool and suburbs.—Apply for particulars as above.

?iorOte4, Carriage% Scr. CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. DWARD BINNION, 4, AUDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

SIIABB in Profitable Business for S ‘LB, constant employ- merit, income 40s. weekly and share profits; valuation, £lQo.—Music, Tunbridge Wells Post Office.

INVESTMEMS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGII-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

ifiarbinerp, etc. J3OIL ERS,ver tin! ; one Bft. 61n. by 3ft. 7in.. 5 cross-tubes nearly new.£22 net; also one 7ft. 41n. by 3ft.1in.,52 field tubes £l5 Ret.—KnsH STEAM LAuNDRY,OIS Charlto/1,5.13 91HE " SWIFT" SILENT SAUSAGE MACHINES, with 1 simple knife arrangement and sausage fillers &e.—Write for Illustrated Price List to SILENr MACHINE AND ENGINEER met Co., Albion Virtrks. Sheffield.

itjA TIIIN 1 OFF ICR WANCHNISTRIC ESTA.BLIBRED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE JAVIJ & SON have ha .4 mole I..tan 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practioalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and iron manufacteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGB DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4. BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

FOR MAXIMUM VALUE AT MINIMUM COST, PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just Past Station, through Railway Arch). ESTABLISHED FIFTY-FIVE YEARS. nirrs's CANNOT WONDER AT THE BE- WILLIERMENT of the stranger coming to Manchester when he finds each and every Furnishing House advertises Itself "oldest and largest,' as this is obviously impossible. But the native of Oottonopolis is not perplexed the slightest, ache knows that the "DOYEN OF THE t 0 RNISHINGI TRADE." not only in this Oil v, but throrghout Lancashire, is SAMUEL PITTS, of LONDON-ROD, who cz.n give most of these self-styled "eldest" firms Qdarter of a Centuty's start and then:have a iew years to spare. As to the ma -ni- tude of PITTS'S Business, PITTS'S Establishment, being about DOUBLE THE SiZ it of any other Furn'shere in the City, and PITTS'S Turnovee for 1898 showing an increase of £7,403 is 7d over that of 1898, as certified be Messrs. Bo:Lon and Co., Chartered Accountants, speaks for itse''. ITTS'S.—CELEBRATED 1101Jz44S OF FURNI- TURE at ltf, 221, 28A-, 381, 50, 75, 100, 200, up in 1,000 guineas, a else point or-E-ccettence. Durah My, and VALUA THE VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They repre- sent a clear saving of 50 PER CENT. as compared w,th others. Full particul Ira and N h'W ILL OSIRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, con', tining 700 desi;ds, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments arranged suiting convenience. BOUTS'S FLO TEEN-AND-A-HALF GUINEA BAR- GAIN.—LIVING ROO5l. has strong Sofa or Couch in American Leather, set of 111C3 Chairs, se-viceable Dresser. Per of Rccking and Arm Ch. Irs, substantial Square or Fall- leaf Table, Fender, Fheirons. Flootelo.h and Rug. Wringing Machine, Dolly and Tub, Three Pans and Ksttle. BED- ROOM includes Pair of nicely-porshed or enameled Toilets, both fully enclosed with drawers, ler swing glass attached, tile back, 4te. ; Two Cane-seated Chairs, Towel Rail Tenet Set, full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Matt,ess. Wool Overlay Bolster, and Two Pillows, Cr pet or Floorcloth. Stairs and Landing fitted with Carpet and Fleorcioth, Ste', Hooks and Eyes, Brass Door Plate, Cocoa and Door Matsr Compa,e this with what expensive City Erms charge £35 for, and judge for yourselves. P IT TS'S ENTIRE C3NTENTS OF SEVEN- ROOMED HOUSE.—Originall cost £lBO. for 75 guineas, The Dining-room is in teal Leather, the D: awing- roam is in Rosewood,a spare room fitted upstairs es a smoke- room is In Saddlebage. Furniture complete for kitchen, Hall, Sta're, Lanclinti3Oelkl, &c. The first Bedroom is in Amelican WalAut, including Wardrobe, D:essing Table, Washstand, Chairs &a., Bedst,e3s. Bedding, Ca--pet. Rug,end Toile. Service. The Se:ond Bedream is in Ash, and the Third Bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly a great bargain. Well worth seam log. PITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. All British make. Fitted free. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. Astounding value. Grand display. E-.e.u- -sive desizns. 111PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAILCARTS, BEDSTEADS, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware. if ,gnificent selection. Guaranteed great saving. Inspection will vel PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE, Every deseripCon of Boo' -sees, 800,4 V: thee, Deaks, Stools, Chars, sates, Copying rr,sses, at abut half City QAMIJEG PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANCHESTER, Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOU ND RD 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £430,000,000. For all particulars apply to the followinz Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. kt. Pickmere & Son,Brldge-st., Messrs. Woods it Son, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street, Messrs. Voisey and Wm ihington,2l, King-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank-street.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, INSURED AGAINST AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED ST THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE ‘j(). 64, CORNH ILL, LONDON. Establhhed 1849. CLAIMS PAID. A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesselifte, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moarfleld House

CADBURY'S COCOA, on the testimony of t e Lancet " represents the standard of highest purity." It is eatirely free from all foleign substances, such as kola, malt, hops, ate., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in the Illustrated London News writes : " Cocoa is In itself a perfect food, and requires no addition of drugs whatever CADBURY'S Cocos is absolutely pure, and should be taken by old aud young, at all times and in all seasons ;for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CAD b URY's, as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Sold only in Packets and Tins— Advt. 3

PURE QUININE, Is PACKET for 3d. Full direction:, on the Box. UININE PILLS, is. PACKET for 3d. AMMONIATED TINCTURE OF QUININE, And all other Remedies sold at about Half the Usual Prices. EUCALYPTUS, in bottles labelled with Direc- tions br Use, and 80, per bottle Pll YSICIA N 'S Care! u!ly dispensed with Pure Drugs by tu.,y quslifiecl Cheinists at an Ininaense Reduction from the Usual Rate. QUININE WINE, Full strength, carefully pre- pared with one grain of Quinine to each ounce. At less than half the usual Chemists Prices. INFLUENZA INFLUENZA! INFLUENZA! HOW TO AVOID INFLUENZA! The following remedies were very largely used during the influenza ep demics In previous years, and have been proved most efficaciow in the prevention and cure of the complaint. LIEBIG 'S EXTRACT t;F MEAT, (Our own importation), Warming, Sustaining, and Nourishing. 2oz. put lid. DR. ARMSTRONG'S INFLUENZA MIXTURE. The best known specific for the preven- tion, relief, and cure of influenza. Price is. 65. per Bottle for is, BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS (SOLE AGENTS). A Flitit INFLUENZA brace up the system with a bottle of I.) R. ARMSTRONG'S QUININE AND IRON TONIC A most powerful invigorator, streng- thening :the nerves and improving the appetite, one of the best restoratives known. Price 2s. 95. for is. 11d. at

WANTED good GEWERAL : £lB to £2).—LEES. 21, Par- sonage-road, Heaton Chapel, Stockport. WANT), good GENERAL , one able to wash preferred —Mrs. LOVE, Great Budworth, Northwich. WANTED, Young GENERAL SERVANT no washing.— Mrs. WEIGHT, Shaw Heath House, Stockport.

IXT AMA-, respectable young GIRL for Housework,— Y Mrs. TA LINTER, 274, Price-street, Birkenhead. WANTED, good GENERAL, for small family.—Address 18, LiNGFORD-ROAD, He ton Chapel, Stockport. VT ANTED. good -GENERAL; SERVANT.—AppIy at once BRA3iLkx MOORE HOTEL. 33, Regent-road, Liverpool

WANTED, good COOK-aEeIERAL ; two in family.— Mrs. W, T. COPE, liodslyn Villas, Florence, Longton, Staffs.

WAfgriaieffier6eNtiEcel!AreL:iiinVAyrs,.ii?Nvialias.ihming.neNaVtaigeyes Cheshire. AV ANTED, character; on .t noweae:hinGgENAElifiplityL 9?ERaVROAvItiET, .BmgEoEoTd Livtrpool. I ANTED, a respectable General SERVANT for farm house. Apply JACKSON, Penuygate Farm, Hindley, near W)gan.

wANTED, KITCHEN MAID. one who knows a little cooking.— Apply to Mrs. UIRDLESTONE, Sedgby House, hhyl.

WANTED. good GENERAL, 4 in family; no chil- dren ; wages £lB.-73, iinATON MOOR-RoAD, Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

wAN DTE end of March, COOK-GENBUAL who i.ra-n cook well. Apply Mrs WILKIxs, Wood Lea, Victoria Park, Manchester.

CIOOK and HOUSEMAID r.quired for Rhyl ; small family; ki goad wages.—Address MI% ROBERTS' REGISTRY, 3. Elwy-street, hhyl,

M. ILICHOUSIi.—W ANTED, a strong GIRL between 17 and 20.—Apply to BURROW, 67, Ilawkstene-street, Toxteth park, Liverpool.

WANTED immediately, good GENERAL; family two; good home; good wages; plain cooking.—Fox, 79, Lord-street, Southport.

WANTED, a sharp quick GIRL, 16 or 17, for housework —App.y 50, Is X ETER-STEEET. Devonshire-street, Ardwick, Manchester.

WANTED Good PLAIN COOK at once. Small family gond wages to competent person —Mrs. KENDALL The &tikes Skipton.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT; one able to wash and iron.—Apply Mrs. HARRIBoN, Top Lock Inn, New Springs, Wigan.

WANTED a respectable YOUNG- GIRL, a few hours every morning for housework. —Apply Miss (*ERHARD 33. Sankey-street, Warrington.

WANTED Good GENERAL for two in family: able to wash : ren3lenceB required.—Apply IMPERIAL INN, Birch-street, West Gorton, Manchester.

WANTED, respectable clean GIRL 12 to 14 for light housework. Small wages. Comfortable home, 6, LOMBARD-STREET. Shiei Park, Liverpool. WANTED, good GENERAL; comfortable home ; liberal wages. Registry offices need not reply.—Apply 7 HARLECH-BoAD, Blundelsands, Liverpool.

WANTED immediately, respectable young person as GENERAL ; family three; small washing; wages 48. ; good home.-24, ItUFFoRD-RoAD, Fairfield, Liverpool. WANTED, respectable young GIRL, 15-16, or an experi enced Cienerak; liberal wages it suitable.—Mrs LEATON IiDWARDS, 19, Falk-road, Lower Bebington, Birken- head. WANTED COUNTRY WOMAN, widow, middle-aged, as Housekeeper to Widower for Hotel. One who under- stands the business. Most be a clean sober person.—Apply CHAIN BRIDGE HOTEL, Berwyn, near Llangollen, WIDOW breaking up home is in want of a SITUATION as good Cook in a good school or would go House keeper to a working man. Can get good references.—Mrs. WARD, 104, Northbrook-street, kriuces-road, Liverpool. r E. IYI. A. &HURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. ND 0. LAWLESS), Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY, MEAT RIM, POTTED SHRIMPS, WE,. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND, 1899.

L 1 AliDl3l,l CLOG-SLIPPSWi, prevent damp feet, one inch wooden soles, patent leatn,•r, toe caps, ttc., send size of boots worn, ca:rlage free, is. 101.; two pairs 3s 6d.—W. GARDNER & Co., Makers,77, Market-at. ,Fa ringdon-rd,London.

STRAW HATS, buy direct from Makers, Ladies' Spring Sailor Hats, latest shape, smart finish. P.O. 2s. 6d, free —TURRET AND CO., 28, Saliotairy-road, Luton. MEN SHILLINGS WHEKLY paid on each £lO invested, 1 smaller amounts in proportion no risks, money with- drawable at? days; a safe investrm Lit. Full particulars from PIERRE CARTON, 4 Duke-st., Charing Croes, London, W.C.

riYOLBS, CYCLES. —Save per ceat. atui 1,1,..v direct at wholesale prices ; tr,trvehous value ; hich grade 1905' ME.chines at ED :0i ; i?. months ; sena for cativ- lOgßeS.—aT. MARGARET'S CYCLE CO., Ipswich. GENT'S High-class CYCLE new last month, coat 14 guineas ; guaranteed as new every part; Down Aeolus, 1900 throughout, Westwood rims, plated lamp, bell. pumpi cyclometer complete ; birgain Eh lUs ; approval worth double.—K. FEAR, Seaton House, W eston-super,nare. TRIUMP.EI CYCLES, £lO 10s. AND £1.5 153. THE SOLE AGIENCY FOR THRSs WORLD-FAMOUS CYCLES 11A.6 NOW BEEN TRANSFERRED TO tillefil.NCiti, LTD., 74, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. CAUTION.—ThIUMPII CYCLES advertised and sold by other firms are obsolete patterns, and do not carry our guarantee.

CYCLES, CYCLES, BARGAINS, 1500 CYCLES Free to any address, the most interesting and complete list of 1,60 J Machines POST Fld. ingle achine at Wholesale Trade Price. New -1.11 onufland Machines from 305. each. seo New, latebi. /J)0, Gent's Pneumatic Safeties. Marvellous Prices. 000 Ladies' New latest 1900 pattern -- Single Machine at Wholesale Price, Write for Large List. Post free to anyone. Agents Wanted. Marvellous Bargains. bend for List. WARRALOW & 00., Cycle Manufacturere, Weston-super-Mare.

YOU WASTE YOUR IIME IN GOIN4 ELSEWHERE. Reliable Uycles. reliable work and moderate prices are our Special Lale. GENT'S SAFETY FREE WhEEL RIM BRAKE £lO 108. ETAEI,LRO £8 108: LADY' ,S 10s. extza. Evtry mulime luliy guaran- teed. Return railw.y tare paid to purchasers. SLADE'S ONLY ADDRESS 241 UOLQUITT ST., bOLD Sr., LIVERPOOL.

TYRES. 1. IRES. /RES. OLD Worn•out OUTER COVELL:3 RE-AUBUERED and CANVA6ED and made equai to new 10s 6d each. All kinds of CYCLE ELIBEER GC.)ODS btockecl, Trade suppiied. Beet price given for WAS'IE RUBBER. POLLARD AND kjo LTD. INDLt RUI3BEI MANUFA.OTUREILS. 20, LOW-HILL, LIN %FOOL . PURCHASE YOUR CYCLE FOR 1900 FROM MAZEPPA CYCLE AND ENGINEERING CO.. 108. CAZNEAU-STREET, ECUTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, MACHINES at £B, £9, £lO 10s,, and £l2 12s. All modern improvements, ,and abeolutely reliable value. The most satisfactory depot in Liverpool for goods on,the instalment system: Send for 1900 list ,it wili Interest you. Telephone 7228.

GRATTON'S GBATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON S G BATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S

fiE EMBROCATION OF THE AGE r CURES SPIiAINS. CURES BRUISES. CURES STIFF JOINTS. TESTIMONIAL. SHEFFIELD UNITED CRICKET 8: FOOTBILL CLUB. Vi inners of the English Cup, 1898-9. Gentlemen,— It gives me great pleasure tO' testify to the excellence of your Embrocation. Yours faithfully, H. H. STONES, Assistant Secretary. USED BY ALL LEADING CLUBS, Price is. Ifd. per bottle. Seld by 'LOTS CASH CHEMISTS', 6, BRIDGE-ST., MARKET GATE, AND 35, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR 10D.

_THE EMPRESS PORTRAIT COMPANY Will re-produce for you from any Photograph a handsomelf PAINTED PORTRAIT, beautifully finished in water colours' at trade price. TOTAL 108. 60. COST. These Pictures are sold in Photo Saloons at from 3to times the amount. Size unframed 13 by 15 inches. GIVTOT AWAY free to the first 50 orders received a Fancy Ormolu Franio tor above. If YOU desire a differently finished picture sena, for our Price List of Photo Novelties. Marvellous prices. STUDIOS, 49, FILMER-RO&D, FULHAM, LONDON, SO' TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Asthma. INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasms DIAREHCEd. 24 doses for 28. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER,

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver4 tisements in ALL tho FIVE RXAMINEELL WANTEDS. TO BE LETS 18 WORDS 6D., ON SALES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 words. One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. 2s. (id. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. 38. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od.. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id 58, od. 54 Is. 6d. ... 3s. BcL 6s. Od.

FOR THE BLOOD S THE LIFS. CLARKE'S WORLD-F4MED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. ver "We have seen hosts of letters from people who received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood mixturv; It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and cielti the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimon from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It. to the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brough; to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommeno o our subscribers and the public generally." olls Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, - (rkio whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, r aid Blow Diseases, Pimples, rnd Sores of all kinds, its are mary Alone. It is the only real specific for Gout Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood .7(1 bosses. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 28. 9d. lls each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES OP COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless inztatiOnit,...,

•yOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS, TEA AND COI SET.s net-pilaw] with pure Silver. and a written gutzAntee to Wear for 'TEN YEARS lii firat-elaas quality. J. AN S b. BROWN, ELECTRO. SILVER. NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 MOUNT-PLEAANT, LIVERPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES. LOCKETS, .te.. RE-GILT front 6A.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. THE SAFE-ST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR. SUO iT'S PILLS. CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. Ol'E INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. irt CUAE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS Sue ITS PILLS. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, *INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173. ShYSIOUR PLACE. LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine Instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is Wrapped in a square green package. y Post for 14 or 34 Stamps.

Warrington v Goole T H Eaaland (Huddersfield) ; referee; A Wenlwork (Leigh) and G Robinson (Huacorn), touch judges. Brighouse Rangers v Wakefield Trinity : J H Smith (Widnes). referee ; H Sewell (Leeds) and M Gaunt (Bramley), touch judgrs. Dewsbury v Wianes: F Kennedy (Broughton), referee; W Eosmott (Leeds) and H Edmondson (Bradford), touch judges. Bradford v Ossett : F Renton (11unslat), referee; J 11 Pickles (Leeds) 'and A Ackroyd (Bramley), touch judges. ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. Warrington Cup. SEMI-FINAL. BATINTON UNITED V. OUGIITRINCIT-)N PARE —At War rington, on Saturday, before a moderate attendance of spectators. Onahtrington were the first to pressabut the Barnton defence was sound. Gradually Bunton worked their way inta Ouantrington's territory, but the point scored by them was disallowed. After exchanges Ough- trington broke away, and Barnton being penalised Gib- bons headed a pretty goat. Barnton attacked without success, and was confined to midfield. Barnton main- tained the attack, and Oughtriugtou's defence Was severely tried. The game was of give-and-take nature. If anything Barnton tiad the best,bat strict attention to their defence caused a little uneasiness to the Ough- trills-stop defence. A corner kick availen Barnton little, and from an accurate centre the Park right wing cleared cleverly. Oughtrirseton broke away but Barnton prover too good. A corner fer Banton ended in a rush for their goal, but nathing resulted. Half-time : Ough trington, one; Barnton United nil. The second half saw Barnton early equalize as a result of clever forward play Becket': scoring a fine goal. Even play followed, chiefly in favour of the United, but nothing further occurred, and the final score was Bunton United one goal ; Ough- trington Park, one goal. PROOF AT YOUR DOOR.—There is csnclusive evidence in every part of Lancashire that Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people are recommended by all classes for the way in which they have cared aneeinia, general weak- ness, loss of appetite, palpitation, shortness of breath, early decay, all forms of female weakness, hysteria, paralysis, locomotor ataxa, rheumatism, sciatica, scro- fula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs. now pills are not a purgative, and contain nothing that count injure the most delicate. They are genuine only with full name,Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by Dr. Williams' Medi- cine Company, 46, Holborn-vialucto London, E.C., at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13a. 9d., post free. They invigorate the system after overwork, worry, and indis- cretion of living. In another column of this issue the emphatic statement of a Lancashire nsan is printed at length. WARRINGTON FIELD CLUB. -- Annual Meeting. The annual and entomological meeting was held in the Museum Lecture-room, when the rows of tables pro- vided for the purpose were speedily crowded with Poxes • containing specimens of last summer's captures. Those who remember the inception of the Field Club sixteen years ago and the good work done by its founders and che first generation of members can testify that there has been no falling off in energy or . enthusiasm Frc,rn the outset severe criticism 02 c-reless or sloveuly work has been a note of this thosouelsly democratic , society, whilst the more experienced members have lal ways extended ready help to beginners, and endeavoured to combine with theinstinet of the collector habits of observe:ems aid an intelligent love of the veriaus species of the groap at whica the young student may be work eg. One direction in which friendly • emulation has borne remarkable fruit is the mounting an.i setting of insects. Only those who have tried can reanze the patience and skill required to properly display moths and butterflies, whose delicate scales can scarcely be touched without injury, or beetles so small that their legs and antennse can only be seen with a lens ; yet in all the rows of boxes, among et many hundreds of insects, whether exhialted be veterans or recraits, it would have bent difficult to find a badly set specnnen• Messrs. F. WOMERSLEY and W. MOUNFIELD read notes on the season's work, and elieiteet anscussioa on the erratic occurrence of colitis edusa. Mr L Greening re- marked that about 25 years ago it occurred in profusion both at Sankey and Orford, he having taken 20 or 30 at a time of both •exes; then for many years this morn was not again seen in the locality. Mr J Collins showed some beeutinal clear rings. A rare black variety of the com- mon gooseberry moth from Mr Tunstall's collection was much admirer!, as also Was a specimen case, one of a s ri s, exhibited by the Museum Committee, designed to convey clear an_l aecurate intormatioa by a combine-. tiou of carefully-worded labels and illustrative typical forms. Mr ',ewe exhibited a number of diptera, and Dr , Bunting boxes of hemiptera and coleeptera.Of the donacia, 1 water beetles with a curious trick of clinging to the leaves of aquatic plants, there are 19 British species. Tne indefatigable doctor has taken 18 of these in Cheshire, and in adlitioa to his previaus soccesses discovered another staphylinid beetle, new to Britain, at Wallasey last summer. An intimation that Dr. Billups would ere long remove to another part of the country evoked strong expressions of regret that one who hal accpired such an extensive knowledge of the flora and fauna of the dis- trict, and done so ranch to promote its intelligent study, 1 should leave Warrington. He was unanimously reques- ted to prepare a list of the district flora,a task for which no one else is so competent, and, whilst deprecating the eulogistic terms iu which the request was made, he promised to undertake this, aad antioanced, amidst loud applause, that sooner or later his collections would Skid a resting place in the Warrington Museum. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Museum Com- mittee to the retiring Chairman (Councillor J Shaw Green) and to the Hon. Secretary, (Councillor 9 J Jolley) Dr. White was elected chairman for the ensuing year, and Mr. Jolley was re-elected secretary. A brief con- versation noon the arrangements for the summer pro- gramme concluded a meeting which was alive from start to finish. The "good old town "is evidently as much to the fore in scientific pursuits as it is in com- merce, in local or in the larger Imperial patriotism.

ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE. BARGAINS IN ALT, DEPARTMENTS. SEVERAL LOTS AT HALF PRICE TO CLEAR. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF FURNISBING IRONMONGERY AT GREATLY REDUCED PR:CES. J• S . . Or-ARLAND. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON WESLEYAN CIRCUIT. , Quarterly Meeting. In connection with the Warriegton Wesleyan Circuit the quarterly meeting was held at Bald-street Wesleyan Church on Monday evening. At five o'clock a good number sac down to tea, at the conclusion of wnich hearty votes of thanks wen., accorded to Mrs. J. Taylor and Mrs. J. W. Hey ward,for their kindness in arranging for the tea. The Rev. Theodore Bishop,superintendent, presided over the meeting and amongst others present were the ministers uf the circuit, the Revs C El Hocken, El G Roberts, M.A., and J Gunnell,the circuit stewards, Messrs Jelin Taylor, and J W Hayward, J.P. ; Miss Bessie Dutton and Messrs R G Elenshail, Wigfield, W Brough, Horton, Weaver, Wright,Winstanley, Councillor Bennett, J Bennett, Hickman, Gandy, Bailey, Dale, Pendlehurv, Metdrum, Roylance,Smith, Barlow,Perkins, Basnetf, and W Silcock, secretary. The first business of the meeting was a resolution to' send a message of sympathy to Mrs Lawton on the death of her husband, the late Mr W Y Lawton. The financial statement was presented by Mr J Taylor and was adopted as satisfac- tory. The returns of numters of those meeting in class showed a decrease on the year among adults, wite a good number on trial for membership and an increase in the junior classes. The Revs. T Bishop, C H Hocken, H G Roberts, and J Gunnell were cordially thanked for their past services, and unanimously invited to remain in the circuit. The stewards were appointed ex officio to attend the Liver- pool District Synod at Southport, next May,and Messrs W Silcock and W Brough were elected to attend as representatives, and if these should be unable to attend Messrs Wigfield and Davey. The superintendent was authorised to invite the Synod te meet In Warrington, in May, 1901. The temperance, education, and worn out ministers' fund schedules were not complete, and are to be presented at the June meeting. The foreign mission collections for the year amounted to £2OO 18s 7d, a decrease on 1898-9 of £lO 184 10d. Bew.ey-road had a substantial increase, but there was a falling off in Padgate, Lymm, and in some ether village churches. There was a discussion on the introduction of the weekly offertory at Penketh and Padgate, and on chapel affairs at Stockton Heath, Martinscroft, and Hatton. Mr. Roylanee (Moore) gave an account of the position at Hatton. Messrs R G Hen- shall, W Silcock, Meldrum, J Shaw-Green and C Parker were appointed a committee to examine and report on the financial affairs of the circuit to the June meeting. The meeting expressed its deep sympathy with the sufferers by the famine in India, and resolved that col- lections should be made on behalf of the fund for their relief. It was decided to bold a meeting in June at Lyrnm.

PETER eOTTON. ROPB AND TWINF ANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for sale or Eire, SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

- _ 1 ---7,- :,-.----,----s----f: --=-___. - _ ----:r-. --=..., —:----7,,. -----'— -• ---= ----- 77------ii,--------=-I_,_-_. 4,---_--Z 7.4 ' 1 I.', , 7 5 ...„..- . _ ..... 9 ___. A , Ai .., ~--_. ma''''''', _:-- - .1------__:-:,-----'---='--..., _ ____-__. .-_ _--..--..., , - -......-,• _ • -= , . ..t,„ P, ,_ „T__l4, , . , -,_ . ___ ~., _ ... - ....,,,____ _---,:a--_-_-_--_--..2-.,=-2 Made froffi FRESH HOME-GROWti FRUIT. ..-- TH E NE WS : "Manufactured from freshly gathered fruit, amid " fresh and bei.utiful surrouncimp." HOME NOTES : "The exquisite cleanhnes3 of the whole " process is mc3t striking." S. CHIVERS & SOPS, Fruit Growers, Ristoq, Cambridge. _ - - • - _ — , _ ,e _. - ----- ...i

- • ; r 5 4 '7 Delicious and Wholesome. A PERFECT FOOD containing valuable Medicinal Properties. There are many inferior imitations on the market, and the public are requested to ask for DEAKIN'S if they wish to have the genuine article.

ESTABLISHED i ....,I)4ALP A CENTURY. / .. :,., LIN ..., 1 • 'UP I . :.'. ;... %Ili _ .. _ _ ._. vomniii. il r ANG.B7 PIANO ile ORGANGL.FI RMI —IN _THE, WORLD.

; - ' 12;i1i- ti! 4.1 -tir"it*7f"' _ _ ; ; ;;; lT,FFirtrwer., ==. _ CRANE AND SONS, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL.

4n GOOD GENERALS WANTED at once; wages £l6 to V £2O :genuine cbaracters. —Apply WEST END BUREAU and SEhVANTS' EEGISTRy, 96. Affirket-street. Manchester.

_ aria r liiLtL i—a.b agoing concern, Lira t, .1: class business; good rea,son. —La, BRIDGE-STREET, Warrington. ENVELOPES 2s PE "R 11000• THE "EX " WORKS, BEWSEY STREET WA RRINGTON. ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. M • MASSEY, FRUITERER AND FLORIST, COVERED MARKET, AND ACTON GRANGE NURSERIES WARRINGTON. DESSERT FRUIT A SPECIALITY. Fresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables from our own Gardens Orders by Telegram end Lettlr receive every care and prompt attention. TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS : MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTON,

PARTN ti.RSHIP OFFICES. CONNOR AND Co., INVESTMENT BUILDINGS, 67, LORD-STREET, LIV IiRPOOL. ' Telephone No. 7435. No Commission till uite,i. Quick and inexpensive. CAPITAL waitinz. Eight clieuts, with sums varying from £2OO to £5,0-20. Particulars of sound Businesses requiring capital Wanted.—lN rite D. E. CONNOR AND CO., as above.

SEE JONES' SEWING MACHINES DOING ART WORK AT STAND No. 10. WARRINGTON ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION.

HAVE YOU CAUGHT A WHIFF OF A ir ill I MOSA" H. M. ASHTON'S NEW PERFUME SPRAYED FREELY ROUND STAND No, 19. AT THE ARTS AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION. en. AND is. PER BOTTLE. id in the shilling of all money taken at the stand is giVeil to the Mayor's War and Indian Famine Funds.

STAND No. 32 IN THE CORRIDOR, TOFFEE BOILING :•Wrib H. AND Co LAWLESS, WILL MANUFACTURE EACH DAY BEFORE THE PUBLIC, ALL KINDS OF TOFFEE, ROCK, AND CANDY, AND OFFER THE SAME FOR SALE AS SOON AS READY. BOROUGH OF W ARRINGTO.o. TO HEATING APPARATUS FITTERS. ing The Museum Committee invites TENDERS for Suppll;he and Fixing WROUGHT IRON BOILER. Particulars at 'To Museum. Tenders (marked " Tender for Boiler ") to '- delivered on or before 24th inst. to CHARLES MADELEY, Seeretart,,

THE TIME TO FURNISH. OU,Z, 14TH CLEARANCE SALE OF £lOO,OOO OF FURNISHING GOODS, ALL AT REDUCED PRICES, THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. CATALOGUES FREE RAY & MILES, 31 To 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PENDLEBUR,Y AND COMPANY, COMPLETE HOUSE lURNISHERS. NE R CENTRAL STATION, WARRINGTON. SEE OUR EXHIBIT STAND NO. 13. ,TELEPHONE NO. 43.

• , ~___=___. W - ~.4'-ew ; - - i,•.:',4. A . , ..„..,....,, . 4,.. ... - ?,:i44lkit'x.

POSTAL ENFORMATIONI POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be port ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp, 5-0 a.m.—NeWtn-lc-Willovfe 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, rarnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thelwall, Newchurch a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, a roft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, btretton, Warburton, ad Wools- to 6 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford - a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. N 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Connties Central. South %Vales. and Forei,m. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, 13irkenhead, Southport, and the Isle .114 a a.m,—Manchester, Bolton. Oldhun, North Wales reland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, cotland, Liverpool, Preseet, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes. Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wr.tx h km.. Llandudno, Shrew sb ur North Wales, London and South -40 p.m.—Liverpool, Sou,t) Ocao =kW( , B tth. Sri Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manche East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W;gatz Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sanctbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helaby,Widnes Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and 13eweey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.zn.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, -tad Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra 1 Halfpenny Stamp 111-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Metters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. F.AD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER ............Mr .James Jord an Hours of I Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte ace. I Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m , The Tele,,raph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.is ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an.,extra halfpenny stamp

1 lIIMIMIII9SINVMS, -,,,,,407. CHRONIC BRONCHITIS, WHEEZING will cease at once by using that wonder- ful invention, Zematone Asthma Powder To prove the efficacy of this preparation ask for a free sample from ZEMATONE CO. 90, GREAT RUSSELL ST., LONDON.i SAMPLE FREE. ...... 4 0 Is a wonderful waterprooferfo OT leather 9tßeOnsanSd .I;preliseArvßesNEthSeS. a PlPasant odour, allows polish. ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. 3? ~, 9,, 6:4,,, Tins 2d., 6d., II- &2/6 of Boot 'k3 - tWt.t " ' Makers, Saddlers, Ironmongeors ,-...7.4, h., ~,,.. 4l-fi "' aLc. ,on' Manufactory Dulwich,

‘..AT F Y IT - L. BAD LEG wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaP surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that Iv nen you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the Im- pression? If so, under the ckin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have ettendecl various hospitals and had medical advice, an i been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am putation ; but do not, for I CAN CUBE YOU. I don't sa perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is n reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Post al Orde for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FIRRIN3DoN-13TREET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs house maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Po.is 31E1 Hand E unions. Registered Copyright.)

TUE WANT OF TrlE DAY. 14k KiS STAROI4 ED LINEN LIKE NEW. e. it .„.,:".,,,,,,.. .r_0i5.74„. THE GREATEST 't ir ,43 k, .' , :. 1 BOON ever of- : - - '., ilir ',. - 14. ~, fered to the Laundress L'h ' tt,,,.....,•:*•:1-:-: . for imparting an Ivory Itce. ..,d,:„. ,wkr,,, ..,- .1,,,%.,.5, finish to Starched 4 . O. ..: ii Pi' Ig-t?" : , . : ".: ; . 1 I,inen. Laces, etc. It S z :i... •4 , ~.e* ~Ati.t.5......., cloes not stick to spider. . :',,:z 1-, :,... ,• , • 1., , --,z ', , web - like materials. 5,k , ii • ; t... ~' Once tried always 'tz tki - L ,4' - i.' wanted. ,' „.+4 •• '.. .-^•-- ,„,P,•*--Iro._.;:ii. IN. , ; Used in the - -" Royal Laundries. Should be used in evety lrmse. Sc,ld by most Starch Sale-s 'n Packers, id., 3d., and 6d. Pr..nared only by T. CRITCHLEY, Blackburn.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Presn, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land Mail, and North of Ireland. (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preaton,St.Helens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, tockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND W A.LL BOXES A.RE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS: •

THE NEW FERNCH REMEDY. TRERAPION This 500c32801 and highly . popnla- r edy, as e.n ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord Rostan,Job9t, Velpeau, rad others, surpasses everything hitherto eit'pksed for— mpurity of the blood, spots, tlotches, pains and swell. ings of th 3 joints, kidney, !ladder, wad urinary disc ises, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back. rheu- matism, gout, exhaustion,sieeplessnessmaryous and physical debility. etc. Therapion is prepared in three uifferent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseasas for which intendet. Full p.rticulars send stamped addressed envelope for phampblet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.O.

EVERY WEAK MAN. QIIOULD send for a Descriptive Treatise on the 13 Modern and Successful Treatment of Nervous Diseases and Physical We Lkness in Men, including Premature Ex- haustion and loss of Vital Energy, with other allied al:Zealous by local absorption (i.e., without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced researches in the subject, tegether with numerous recent testimonial- showing successful cures. Write at once and grasp this oppor tuuity of being quickly restored to perfect health. Sent in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. IL NORTON, 69 & 6 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.O. Rs TABLISH ED OTTER 3 XE

Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain Inca., a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In bottles from all Grocers. 82

DR. DE.ROO'S COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Are justly celebrated all over the world as tho most safe and speedy remedy for Pains ix the Back. Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits. Stone in the Bladder, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed obe nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been cartied off by the kidneys. Every pukage bears the Government stamp, with the words, W ALTER DE BOOS. LONDON." thereon by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and At 9d.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, aof ord House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

. WATCH & CHM* FOR ONE BAY'S WORN. . . 1., Boys sad Girls ten Pt a 217ME1L' :411.41 , miltv WATCH, One a CHAIN end , L C , for Nom li dozen packages of ,- )lf 81.,U ott Fl,repettoe *AO. bend your It* fon ad Iseltualng sums of Cenzety. by return rued, we will forward the Mut" -- ,ezt paid, altd a sti urn list He utcsa., r luir -711 ii IN meat ,ir, 04, d. London. LP.

MANLY MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness ? Send to my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and gvaranteed genul "I cannot find words to express nail A all a am. I used to think I never would get; cure L I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per featly well.—J.P." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, Landon, W.C. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Sucoes

TOWIL rePEiVNYROLYALPF), II I LJ &STEE I aa, ."1%.,'12, ft ' FEMALES-,-,, QUICKLY CortnECT ALL IRREGIILTTIES, REMOVE ALL OBWRUCTION3 and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with'the sec. Boxes,l/112-. & 2r.) (contains three times the quantity), of all Cnemiste. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TO VILE & Uo., Matinfacturers, Dryden St., NottinghAm. n,waro of Imitations. and uorthTess.

SYMINGTON'S EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. Nu trouble, no v,aste. In small and large bottles, from all Clrocers. GUARANTEED PURE.

ME GREAT REMEDY. A GAio T 3E. XLLX4 FOR GOUT. IiBLUMATISM LC:UTICA, LUMBAGO. The excruciating niin is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and ffective. All Chemi&ts and Stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d or box

A BOCK eF(biii LAMES. Should be read by al. Ladies between 16 and 60. Some think too much is told, but knowledge is power. Sent, in envelope, for Is. 2d., by I:-., T. R. Allinson (Box A), 4 Spanish Place, London, W.

, TAL B SALT. Every grain of Cerebos is a silent Constitution Builder. Invaluable in the daily food of growing children, delicate women, and all brain workers.

ClClllll:ii—ir EBsAlrewAlNanSa -ieclo,nsod 4 lirt 1, hand,from 308. eeth,Ageats WANTED wholesale list free say address. - WAERILOW k COMPANY, Weston. super-Mare, ...

, . . n re if ___7____-__:_,„.„...,„:„.___ _..i.r-_7__ !GE SURE ThE lliiiilE ur _ _ . --- pozrivivd"to,izleviteg:lifzsie er Alzi. ./. ' ‘T -PC.., went:Cr - ._ , T _ _L.._._. .__.,._ ..,._,.... .i.,,F,..._,..., i a THE quart . ___== . .... __.••• 91. i ©lo....l'lA.A'''''..• - \4Li''' ~.7, _„......,_ ....... .. 3,,,,... ......,.... *t .....,.. ,4-oe.---":"•* • :,•„•:_MilO-... -- -. ...dr- N.. 1 .:' ~, •erk, -,4- -•--,,t1,.,- . -$1 p, 'i!ii " ~ - Ck, . t.... , ,T.... -1" s .t.,s, : -,,,,ifi1.. • . IL:1 ,4 .1. r-.,-, - tet-pr tft. : z,: &ft ..,. . . ._....,....., KT. ' AIM THE ~ -4, -144, f,„: ._, ~ • ~4,.t. „, .•,;,-1-4, . .1"1.- . '' lt ..c,- .:, -t4-,,,,. 131. , 4,., NEM . -, ',.. •,.. y _ ',',7,,,, .i'- :,-..'-'.. '''',..:,' ..*S-y- ~..4 ...E,' 4 ' !ECUS 1 'n' - t '; . • . - NIP i' _ : rl,ti:, ....4ilii; ra4.:' ~.,,.',..•.i..., . . . ..,L.S ..1, . , *•..-....• :.;.:" l '-' '`"'W.:4IO..AT 420,11*.-.•-tifii.,,Ni,,,!: ' ~ . , . i',4.1? "'-',. 72, • %.*.:4.4* , ' • . -D4*- 2SP'. 4 a -'.Q....,-,r.f.,„,. ~-0,-1' • . . 'l';',,t;'-'\.1:;41::-L:''.,204''' •- -• 'Tr r'ia' i . _-=-= --- .IW.._ ~ I\iiit.ll,..il air 0 ~-j.; : wl t--,N. .r--tr • - -4.:-.-- - -7.----- - ---- ~._,,,e, ...a .4.... ..- -- ••.' Q is•—:--A .:., DOIIiii.ESUPERML. e_....,. 1-, .06 14,c4,-,.. A:- , 4 , ‘-:-.., ~,,,,,,. ~,,,—..-1 .„.-. , a v,, ~.,. . ..•„,E7 , 1 ').4;adaimc4 ,_ r Aia, •`1,,,,k,'.h4. ~i'''.l M.. ‘b;•'. OW' .',',.-It ..,,1 ki? , --;---' ' ,• . PO , ....re7' ".---,,,,,--,V-.'-....-',. 41.5. ". - ,ic.,,,,4 . ~. 3 • .:*,-,...1,, , ' Aszsrar.,- mixzioxr ~.L.,ii.,L-1, ..4, 1i.,..

AccEpT ON NO PRETENCE WHATEVER ANY 111 N WI-PCH DOES NOT EEARTHESE DISTA4CTIVE MARES. 13. s.E (DouBLE s S suiraiE) IS THE NAME OF' THE BEST QUALITY.,

,-- .e. .• -,... ,t, it. :14. . ,t,s, 4 ' \..."' ,' Zri ' • % .'"Y -A , , • -A,. ~ '..: . i 4; , ..., , ,e.,!,ti. ,A' , , ,- , 4'4 , ' '.'. le , ' '•' . • s' . . . •%. ' ' 'Sr4 <V. t, 4 , atiV ".. - , t, ' ~ ' , ~ '' '•-' r" - i. 4 ,zit r „ ~..-!... • r -,4 • , ...7 - i.. -. ~ ~ • .. ,_ .. ..,,d, ‘,.z.", , • . * • i,...-..., - .•4 BEST YALUE in THE MARKET, AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. In Silver Cases. , Alb , Just the 'Watch for British ..iiic Ow lz- Working Men. The MARVEL of the 20th CENTURY. r • ' ' - ..X' '- '' ' ,-,. ''' i., ... ~ _ "..., 7 . • . ...-10 ---w in„. flz, „.. 1 PC! ~.., •,,,..-- ----- ---- ~.4,,, ~. . .••••"., 7fl \,:.7., ~..7" . , .'..4'. 701 ,2 4• " ' ': ENG LI S Iff LEvEn. r, **44,, , • ..faVenetrm vO\ ~S - 4 WE wishthe public to buy a Good LONDON- ' • oranwton. X: ' 4 MADE ENGLISH LEVER, instead ;•.. ik:=l ' 1 , *l6 of common country-made English' Swiss, or F ;!. taR4 ~ . American work, and are sure they will find it much cheaper in the long run, hence our intro- ,' v„.. ',; .. •.: -ii ,t, ...,. • duction of this Watch for those who do not wish q 4, 0 ~ ..- ..,:, to spend more than £3 10s. The movement is I-plate of our best London make, Jewelled in 7 actions. in Massive Sterling Silver, Crystal Glass Cases, LS Ng. Sent free and safe at our risk, to all parti3 of the World for cash, or P. 0.0. BE NSO N ' 8 BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, PLATE, &c., eco. Post free OD. application. In Silver Cases. or B 7 N's * 1ct%,:.-1 . . : ... .. • • 0-- LEVE '''',:' WATCHES ~, ~• , *.\ ~ ~. ~...., ....., .., :,„_. can only be excelled by the New English Lever described •t:\.' % '''. above. A sound Watch at a very low price. In Sterling ,I. i 4\ I: ' ' , , •••• Silver, Crystal Glass Cases, price £2. Unequalled by any other Watch ,- , sold at the price. , V.IENSIAL Selections of Watches or Jewellery sent free on receipt of reference. J.. ' ' OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. I t-•._ WATCHES and JEWELLERY sent free by post at our risk to all parts of the World or Cash for Post Office Order. •'. , 0 ' ' ,', 1 IL Wm BEffeSolslo LL, , .... , _ , -. • ~,-:,-ii ~ ,g-,-4-. 1 H.M. TEE QUEEN'S WATCHMLIKERS, \,\' . , 1 r...,„ 1 THE STEAM FACTORY— \ ',,,, 1/4:..::, . ~,:-.-.7,./ / 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL LINEMaig f CLOCKS for Presentation Church, School, and Publlc Buildlngll. ' PARTICULARS POST FY.= .

vERA g HAIR DYE. The greatest of modern inventions. Used by all the leading beauties of the nobility and theatrical profes- sion. Perfectly safe and harmless ; easy to use. Analyst's certificate of guarantee with each bottle. One Liquid. Black, Brown, Light Chestnut, Dark Chestnut, Golden Brown, Light Goiden Brown, Golden Bronze. Post free, 2s. ed., 56. and 10s. per bottle. Granville Sharpe, F.C.S., I.L his Analytical Report of Vera Hair Dye, writes— " I find it to be a skilfully and judiciously com- pounded preparation, manufactured on strictly scien- tific principles, and free from injurious constituents or undesirable admixtures. From experiments carried out, I find it produces most satisfactory results of a permanent character' and an effective and perfectly harmless application for the hair." THE ORIENTAL PERFUMERY CO., 73 and 75 Oxford Street, W.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79 _

.t. 0... Yr.li C.?! ,p, ...• E t PP! it 44 .r , Prim the first doee of Oserine fits cease. It has cured PERNI kNF.STIX the very w,rst cases of Epilepsy when every other reme lv had failed. Price als. ed. and 11s., Post Free. Thoiisands of' Testimonials. Send for a Free Sample Bottle, and test U. Write to—{Department 7.1 F. W. It'T I C.:114Q lf, 3E. , Ph arturose 'Aloe.' Chemist, 25. High Str ',et. Bel fa st.

VIE "QUADRAT GRAINLESS BICYCLE Is the most efficient bicycle euer made. Write us for proofs of this. The QUADRANT CYCLE Co., Ltd., 131111MINGHO..M._

A GOOD FAMILY ME:..,ICINE CHESTS `VA/ ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple f0r,1.-.. Take some good Compound such at , COCKL;4;'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, • and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. Las FREE ROM MERCURY 4;1 ‘l, ANTIBILIOUL 4 4C21 OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. oWI I For BILE LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, atc.

(r).04 •A-.-: s%-i.iiii G4')l4 e;4' IS 0 A Sivntstux 4 NaltgoteS e C 4 1::. , • ''' P; '.:, -; .:b N .. ' '''. ;ii Htli riaßl4 i. •4t, ..- is, ::. •• -H*l ~ ',. `c:. A .l,t; ir a ''. i '''' v,.O' . „ ' -41 1 ONDL7N, F.C. 4,-4, • a..,",4 id .4 'al ~ ,4-, , L./1 A , •4" tr I thc World-wide Dealers in y . I 7, um nl7, Sporting ibletV: . i. 41. It 44 000096000017/0 ,N 4.‘ It s * ' ' ',.3*, 11 elt4 7,, ISIEeS for ~...,c:0 „„,,,...,„......._,......, ?,e CRICKET, TENNIS; CYCLING, GOLFING, . 4F4 HOCKEY, POLO, FOOTBALL, CROQUET fi. 0 , 2 4 4 PHOTOGRAPHY, FISHING, &c., &T., &c., 4 c' AND 4„ RECREATIVE AMUSEMENTS OF ALL 'EWES. (. 4 4. 1* C. 4 4 Playing Cards, FEW:GIEP GQines, aill 4.; Everything for grzcLa.r.- artlirZemente. t 4,40,0 0%. EVERYTHING of the Latest I vs° It' 4 * EVERvrtima of the Best! .s. .4 x Z ••C3scoso•sec C• 4 4 Illustrated and Descriptive Catalogue sent post free. ~ <0 V PROMPT ATTENTION GIVEN TO COUNTRY ORDERS. 47.4 Orders over 10s. Carriage Paid (!ess otherwise stated). )'4 4, ----------------- .e 6 4 It iit • 'TO ~. ..kk. -A., 6._Hilta.avvis '',-,,,n '%:ii.:L: 19 :14iiv_AE W. elittlfia L-. 7 HOLBrifil, iitn, 1:: P. -.› . _. . 4_o_4._ • .._,...,,, . ,4,-.._„4.-4....,>. 4,- _

_ 7 7 „,.. vit *// r:0;*:: %'41., \‘', W 141 / r--- .. . \,, 11 %11‘k .\ ' II r. ( `'---=') . .41' / ' kt, . -7, .„o,4filii „...kek • , 1%. _ . "7 / frr,.,. 11 '1111) . 1111 I/ if ( . I NMI PIP r'F/ '4O , i 11l ' :1' .1 (it rc .1\ 7i/ ' Il ith il\ N ' --__ / 1 11l 1 . Iln \\V\\- ' ill 11 n # - e- -:.% y ./ • ,;',; /". ~<, . .4 , ; /.7-'•, i 1 • :0 ./, : / t• q ill , , . li / cii , - lif , L.,/ ~, „ , • / , 1 . . `-- ,

F OR Fi RST-CLASS P‘R.IVA TS DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. r) 'EMU All consultations ree. TEETH. Each patient informed bt forehand the cost work required. TE.ETH. Gold and other fillings at mo4erate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Att,meaute. TEETH. as I.:Zralhoro,nas 1 ) s (lixterto by the rEET H. Maker to Lentists of 10,010 gallons weekly. Mors. Of the late J. IL PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER.. .46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS .............—............GE0R.GE-STRE ET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATUL DAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. RL ESTO WS ..... —7, B ti.lO(3E-STKE TUASDAY, 2 p.m. WARRINGTON SANK U-STRE ET WEDNE:q) AY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN -...........31, 1113,11)-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH 18, APPLENIARX FRIDAY, 11 t L 12 nci 1 to 5.

MARS GREEN, WarringtonlOpi_ isite Arpley Station Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, late Essenhigh's.) S. T. W (-1 ARD AND MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &co no, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monurne Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Gran. Aarble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free.' LETTER CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING YONIUMENTS A SP2C/ALITY.
