===== 0002601_19001109_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, • MORRELL'S INKS, 13V1a 33:viv7-; TOPP3IOIO 30 mai, WITH LIP.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ailfbimiiim ! , '

===== 0002601_19001109_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP THE PRINTERS! TELEPHONE No. 0489.

When next . yon have any PRINTING, BOOK-BIN DING, OR

LITHOGRAPHING

consult us for prices &c. Tour inquiries will be cheerfully responded to.

ESTIMITSS FREE. CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES,&c. PROGRAMMES Fon BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOE SALES`OF WORK.

PROGRAMMES FOE SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS.

ROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Sze. PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CHURCEIES, ORDER BOOKS.

J. WALKER & CO., EXAM MEE " OFFICE, BIMEY STREET, 7- A TIRING TON. Telephone 0439.

WORTH KNOWING

That JOHN WALKER AND CO., Printers, Beweey-street, Warrington, can effectually assist you in any department of your business, having unrivalled facilities, cm give you 0001) WORE, PROMPTLY, PUNCTUALLY, and at cheap rates.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR SALE FORFEITED PLEDGES, HORSE CLIPPING MACHINES FROM 18. PER PAIR. GLAZIER'S DIAMONDS PROM 4. EACH. AT ITUGHES BROTHIMS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS.

116 TO 120. BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVB RPOOL.

TRLEPHONE 5.171.

CASH LIBBRAir:ir kiii;iiithib"on Jewellery. Dia- monds. and Portable Property. Best 'mice giyen for old Gold and Bayer Goods.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABf ,SIIED OVER 30 YEARS. M, MASSY, FRUITERER AND FLORIST. COVERED MARKET, AND AC EON GRANGE NURSHRIES WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
DESSERT FRUIT A SPECIALITY.

Fresh Cut Flowers and Vegetables fro Garden Orders by Telegram nnd Lettr receive every care an prompt attention.

TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS :- MASSEY, FLORIST, WARRINGTON.

R. HOLLINGWORTII AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LATCHFORD. Tile and Mosaic pavements. Glazed and enamelled Tiles for walls, hearths, floors, ,t 3. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. Estimates given for church and chapel pavements. Telegrams "HOLLUGWOCTXL Latchford."

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRRITT, 111 ANOHRSTRIt. Establi3bed 61 rears.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
eittratien.

MISS BFRTHA BOUCLTIER, A.I.U.Sf., is pre- pared to receive pupils for tbo Violin. Lessons at own or pupils' residence.—Terrns. Bco.. on application to 33, WHITEFIRLD-ROAD, St'X'Atoll Heath.

ABERYSTWYTH. VICTORIA ROUSH HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (BOARDERS). mwasina PIUNCIPA.L—MISS ICATR B. LLOYD, Assisted by a staff of highlr.qualitled English and Foreign Mistresaas and Visiting Ma•ters G(100D-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education Finest position facing sea. P..rfect sanitation, lofty Rooms. Electric Light. Unsurpassed Health Record. Excel- lent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local references on application. A few Va.CANCIBS for BOA.RDERS, for which Early Application should be made to Principal.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
liiontp.

150,000 t.t.rft-RarnPorPeDr eepeonsti o of bisettittnneseurlmon. to suit b,rrowere,in any part of the co,intro.—J. W..III3ADER. 5. Cook-street. Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

TO RB6,SOORiII7OI7°R.UAOII7:9cAGILS: terest from 3i per cant. (MIR? RENTS FOR SALE.—j. BROWN, 50a, Lord-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 7486. Est. 1872.

AIONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INSTkLM3Nr3, OR AS MAY BR MUTUALLY ARRANGED, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITEI OR WITHOUT SURETIES.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPP ATPENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has bee established since 1879, and has always conducted his business under HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently -ndeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTER 3 OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, Terms for Advances. or any Informati,m desired, will h 3 supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 16, BCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to ths Head Office, 20, IiENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

_____,...............1 EADE'S PILLS. EADIVB piLLs. All who suffer from Goat Of Rheumatism shouldimmediately EADB'S pILLS. have reoourse to RADR'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EAmrs TipriLLs. boon received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to J. rims plus. thc wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S plus. wo:Btmeee. These Pills are purely vezetablo and perfectly safe irt

===== 0002601_19001109_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
heir action.

- -- INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF' GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommenelation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. OUT " lG.llurt.on.crescent Dewsbury ))HEUMATISM "D.arSir,—lt is with unbound road, Leeds, May 2nd. 1894. ed pleasure I send you a few line: in GOUT praise of your most eacellent Pills. It is six years since I lira had RHEUMATIS IA Rheunar.tio Gout, and I hact three montbr in bed with IL Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and be sweated me down almost to a skeleton. D HEUMATISM The pezt spring I ha:4 another al iack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try ycorPills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATIbM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have had the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again I) HE UMATI SIM direQtly. • I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUM TISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you lib's of this, and I (1 OUT shall be pleased tt, answer env poor sufferer who cares to write umAT M the (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." RADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists in Bottles, :.s. Lid. and 2s. 9cl or sent Post free for 'Postal Oiler by the Proprietor ' GEORGE BADE, 232, GOSWziL.ItOAD, B.C. Ask fcr and be sure you obtain ADE'S GOUT AND AMEX MATH./ PILLS.

E ADE S PILLS

===== 0002601_19001109_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
- " , ,

cr - r .., 4 • , 1

I

7 t, i '; ~,, , , ~, ,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR McDO UGA LI ' PATIINT 8 SELF-RAISING .r LOU I GROORR FOR

THE EXAMINER, URIDAY, NOVEMBER 9 1900

===== 0002601_19001109_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

MANY a sweetheart has a sour disposition. It takes some worms a terribly long time to turn. _ _

' AFTER a man discovers how little he knows, he begias to suspect that possibly others do not know as much as they pretend. TIIE QUESTION.—Mrs. A.: "I bought a lot of things at the bargain sale yesterday." Mrs. B. : "Did you get anything you wanted ?" A THEORY.— Josh: a wonder none of them fellers ever found the North Pole." Hiram: " Mebbe it ain't there." EVERY INDICATION.—First Actor: "Was the piece well done?" Second Actor: "I should say so. The critics roasted it.'

_ A DMIT occasionally to your friend that he knows more than yr.o do. It gives him a great hn- pression of your discrimination and good sense.

- WHEN we discover the faults of Oilr friends we are happy; when we discover the faults of our friends without being happy we are great. THE WIFE—" What a sweet !mile there is on baby's face, John." The Husbartd--" Yes ; he's probably dreaming that he's keepmg me awake." "I SEE your son has turned nut an artist, Mr. Gibbs. How did that happen 7," " I dunno, sot., his mother thinks he was left that way by the measles."

"THE Professor was in a very bad humour all the time he was conducting the. examination," said one undergraduate tc another. " Yes," replied the latter, 6' it was a cross examination." "Now, papa, dear, when Mr. Timmons calls on you, don't be hasty." " Hasty ? 1 guess not• I've been thinking what I'd do tri him for more than a month."

TO UxcovEß.—"There's a burglaz in the house !" she gasped. "I have never yet uncovered my head for any man," her husband rej9incit, with an affectation of hauteur.

MAN at the door: "I called to se n the head, of the family. Mr. Henpeck: "She's out. Any message? JACK : "Who's your friend ? " Oscar: "Friend. That isn't a friend. That's my wife." WHEN we are not satisfied, we call it ambition; when others are similarly affected, we call it dis• content.

BEFORE THE ELOPEMENT.—He: "I think it would be a good move to take your father's bicycle." She : "Oh, George, i we do that, he will never forgive us !" IN THE ALPS.—Driver (arriving at a cliff, turn- ing to the passengers in his conveyance) : "Here the road is only passable for asses, and I must request the party to step out and walk ahead." SPOILED. Lucy: "Clara's honeymoon was iaompletely spoiled." Alice: "How?" Lucy: "The papers containing the account of the wedding did not reach her."

EASILY DISTINGUISHED.—Mamma: "Why, a delicacy means something very nice to eat?" Johnny: "Oh, I know. It means the things papa can't eat on account of his dyspepsia." HE BLAMED lIIMSELF.—" Yes, a wheelwoman ran me down; but I suppose it was my own fault." "How?" "Well, I ought to have known enough to let a woman have her own way." A NEW BRAND. Hostess (politely) : "And will you have a little light wine, Dorothy?" Dorothy (quietly) : "No, I thank you. Mamma doesn't allow me to drink spiritual liquors." PROBABLY.—A: "The jury considered the case for several hours and then didn't agree." B: "That shows the folly of masculine juries. A jury of wz,men would have disagreed much sooner than that."

TOWNE.—" It's really wonderful how nature always manages to strike a balance in all her de- partments." Browne—" For instance?" Towne —" Well, in winter snow comes down, while in summer ice goes up." IN THE BARNYARD.—First Hen—" What are those young bantams fighting about?" Second Hen—" Oh, they are disputing about the question. which is the mother of the chick—the hen that lays the egg or the incubator?" THE DECORATIVE CRAZE.—" Does your wife do much fancy work ?" "Fancy work? She won't even let a porous plaster come into the house with- out crotcheting a red scollop round it and running yellow ribbon through the holes." His EIMOR.—Mrs. Brown: "And the burglar pointed a pistol at you?" Mrs. Jones: "Yes ; and I was paralysed with fear until he said, Don't speak I That gave me an idea, and I just shouted for help and he ran away." ALREADY TAKEN iN.—" Got any hopes of being taken into the firm?" "The firm," said the sad. faced hireling, "has already taken me in. They have failed, owing me arrears of salary for three months. Hadn't you heard of it?" QUITE RIGHT, WILLIE.—Willie Smith was play- ing with the Jones boys. His mother called him. "Willie, don't you know those are bad boys for you to play with?" "Yea, mother," said Willie, "I know that, but then I am a good boy for them to play with." "IF I were to die, would you marry again ?" asked Mrs. Bikers of her husband. "My dear," replied Mr. Bickers, "an able philosopher once said that no man should be called a hopeless fool until he had made a fool of himself twice in the same way." SAPSMITH : "Miss Brisk is rather—aw—clense ; don't you think so?" Sissington :. "I don't know. What makes you say that?" Sapsmith : "Why, when I awaked her if I might be her valen- tine, she never saw the pretty sentiment of the question at all. No, bah Jawve ! She replied that she did not care for comic valentines." ALL WORTHY.—Stranger (in Arizona): "But when you lynch a man so hurriedly isn't there great danger of making a mistake?" Broncho Pete: "Not the least in the world, stranger; yer can't make no great mistake lynching anybody in dis here town."

THE TRUE SIGNIFICANCE.—Kerrigan: "" Do ycz belave in dhrames, Riley?" Riley: "Oi do." Kerrigan: " Pliwat's it a soign av if a married man dhrames he's a bachelor?" Riley: "Its a soign thot he's goin' to mate wid a great disap- pointment—when he wakes oop." SHORT-SIGHTED.—He: "It is strange how fre- quently inventors fail to realise the importance of their own work." She t "What is the particular instance?" Ho: "Why, here is a statement that the inventor of the hair-pin intended it to be used simply in dressing the hair!" MRS. OLDBRIDE met Mrs. Newlywed, who was walking very fast. "You seem.to be in a hurry," said the former. " Yes ; my husband promised to give me a cheque this afternoon to cover all that I owe, so I am going out to run up a few more bills before he comes home."

SIZED HER u.—Superintendent—" I think that lady over there ia not being properly waited upon." Floor-walker—" Oh, she doesn't want to buy any- thing. Everything that has been shown her she has delared perfectly lovely. She hasn't found fault in the least with anything." TRAGEDIAN. I won't perjure myself by going through that Eichard 111. ghost Baena again Manager: Perjure yourself? What do you meant Tragedian: Here I have to swear I've seen ghosts walking about me, when I know well enough the ghost hasn't walked since we left London. ONE evening a man was performing the old trick of producing eggs from a pocket-handkerchief, when he remarked to a little boy in front—" Say, ray boy, your mother can't get eggs without hens, can she ? "Of course Phe can,', said the boy. "Why, how is that?" asked the conjuror. "She keeps ducks." "How do I know that you really love me ?" she asked. "What assurance have I that you would be willing to make sacrifices and endure hardships for my sake ? " He looked at her in reproachful astonishment, and exclaimed—" What more can you ask? Haven't I for six months refrained from laying violent hands on your _little brother ? "

DECIDED:-" Look here," ;aid he, "I want it settled once and for all who is to be the man of the house from now on !" "You are, of course," said she. "Do you suppose I wish to be anything so insignificant, vacillating, and contemptible as a man ?'

BEFORE AND AFTER.—During their engagement: " I.ittle sweetheart that lovely auburn air of yours always looks beautiful, but since the wind has slightiy mussed it, it looks positively bewitching. . Ycu should always make it a point to have it a trifle out of order." Two years vifter marriage: "Say, Jane, for heaven sake go upstairs and put that red hair of yours in order, it's enough to drive me mad. Why, it looks like the fringe on a red 1 lounge." I

===== 0002601_19001109_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSB THETH BOUGHT.

Many la4les and gentlemen I,ve by them old or dill, seri fal.e teeh, wlreh miglit as well be turned into mor ey. Ntess,. k. D. and J. B Fraser, or rinees Slreet, Ipswich (esteblished since 1833), buy old fal.e teeth. It you tr nd your teeth to them they will remit you by return post the utmost value ;or. if preferred, they will make you the ttst offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If refeterce necessary, apply to Messrs. BACON St (Jo., Bankers, Ipswich

===== 0002601_19001109_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.I

MY DE4R LLIE, Very pretty dresses can be made for little girls, and though cheap they may be very endurable. I eaw a .little girl of the age of about 10 at a small party the ether day who wore the popular "sailor " shape dress. The material was blue, of course, the appearance of the dress being considerably im- vroved by the smart way the trimming had been stitched on the large white collar. The advantage of these dresses is that very often they can be made at home by the child's clever elder sister or mother. In the case under notice the garment was home- made and certainly looked extremely becoming.

The most casual

have noticed that

autumn toques ate very various in shape and trimming. Every variety of face, whether broad or long, thin or fat, small-featured or the reverse, can be comfortably suited without passing beyond the limits of the fashions of the hour. A toque that is worn well back on the head, and would suit a low forehead, is made of plum-coloured velvet with a gauged crown and fully pleated brim, turned up at the left side with a large cluster of shaded chrysanthemums and a black feather, the tip of which falls over the brim and rests on the hair. A handsome hat is in black chip, covered with pale blue chiffon, closely pleated in flat folds and sewn with rows of black chenille. At the left side is a wired band in blue velvet, a black plume, and a steel buckle. This hat would look well with white chenille or black chiffon for half-mourning wear; or in stii-phed black silk.

The high collar has reappeared, but, in my opinion, under conditions that greatly alter it for the better. It no longer closely encloses the throat, enfeebling it and rendering it readily sus- ceptible of cold. Though it rises high at the back, it can easily be folded back, and is therefore not nearly so harmful as it was in previous years. Fewer people wear it now than was the case two or three seasons since. It is more generally recog- nised that the line of the neck and shoulder is too important to the general outline to be unneces- sarily hidden away. For the same reason, the boa is now universally left open in front, either to hang with long strands of chenille as ballast on each side, or else it is pinned at the waist in a diagonal line from the shoulder. This plan aids the chief feature of dress at the moment—viz., the em- bellishment of the front of the bodice by various means.

' The ideal of modern dressmakers and tailors is a long waist, whether in proportion or out of pro- portion to the length of the limbs. Every device is employed to lengthen the waist, from the pres- sure administered by means of the stiffly-boned corset, down to the skilful manipulation of material by the ladies' tailor. In making riding-habits this is more particularly the object of the man- milliner, and the consequence is that many a fair rider who looks splendid on horseback turns out to be a squat little creature when she withdraws her foot from the stirrup. It would be truer art to endeavour to preserve some kind of proportion between the dimensions of the trunk and the limbs. When the latter are very short it is always a mistake to let the bodice overlap the skirt, whether in basques or merely in points that over- hang the belt. The ties that are all the rage are those of black satin or velvet, coming from a stock collar of gold braid or stitched velvet, the two ends crossed on the chest and passed through a quaint clasp, while sack end is gathered into tips of enamel, or filigree gold set with jewels. Fussy bows on cravats are no longer the mode, but I saw a most elegant scarf of silk, the ends of richest floss silk em- broidery, fringed deeply. Diamond rings clasped the scarf here and there, and the collarband was sewn with tiny diamonds.

The styles o'f evening dress are simple, but most elegant. A white and green dress, fresh and dainty, was in waved lines of satin, bordered wiLn crystals, while festoons of white tulle, sprinkled with crystals, separated .the stripes ; at the back, a little to one side, was a green tulle sash, but, instead of flowing loose, the bows and loops were stitched down here and there to the skirt, which appears to be a novel idea on many evening gowns. Black and white is well worn for evening, and for day wear as well. A gown of peculiar charm was a black and white check, of the new velvet cloth, the skirt cut into deep pointed tabs, which were stitched down to an under-petticoat of a series of black cloth strips, each strip left with raw cut edges. The bodice was very plain and tight- fitting. Your loving .I.IIVNITTA

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

: •''' ,‘ •,‘ ;# t A 1-- ~'''' •,-1.1 ' t r --- „,„, ) -7,-------., i' -_----:::_..„--, , , ~.,, , ,; , _ ...--..,;,\,,\ ......,..*7A , ......; o. ef ........ 1/ . - ' . -''..w•,-......1 1 observer must

‘,.,- tiq- ... , ~ _ I's, • 'P. .'N, L ~...,AtN,,i,tlt , ‘,...wros, _ • . 4.. _ , ~,,,i,-..„- ,s.„- , .-Ne..--, 0r.,.'),•;;', ) r.c4,e 1\ . ,:.;.,k.---re : 7 /' t• V &4'..-4 a _ y 4. ~.., ,-e-li", - -14,•34: .• i 7.: q--- :4P'' , z . ' -` - )A•:- , 4%6. , fr,o/, ,"/ -"•v1-1, = - /c6' '), /le /;;/1' / .". i '.7k,e- fili, ' , 7, vo /fr it , i•y / 'ii . V / //' k / ------, // ,totp N i , r—, ~, - cii: , ~v 0 . ''. . , , ~,

, 4s.fsirstsei • " 7641 , (C.. /•-' V . 4,, . '.../ :•'.'''' - ' , 0 ' r... ...ss's ''• '' k' ''' ."'- , <,',,, „•,;... ~,-A' 44fr ( • ' I f'` k.:'. I..+VV„ ' IC'', .. /// \\'': • i tg,,/, , / • 41 V- %-e• ~:,:-(1 / , 4 '% ~.. • 4e , 7 \ I , .

===== 0002601_19001109_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

aREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

CHRISTMAS CARDS.

Messrs. Raphael Tuck and,4Bons, are again early in the field with their magnificent assortment of Christmas cards, booklets, calendars, and the like. There is the saute spirit of artistic invention and originality evident in this season's goods from Raphael House that has long been a feature of the past. Messrs. Tuck have not overlooked the ten- dency of the times and there is a strong military leavening of the Christmas cards. As they have long possessed the kingship of the Christmas and New Year card trade, the firm now aspire to a still loftier pinnacle and have begun to sigh, they tell us, for en imperial diadem and are mak- ing a bold bid" for an empire in the world of art. Probably they will attain the height of their ambition, andi if 1,200 new sets of cards embodying 3,000 individual de- signs are any criterion they have won the title to sway an empire already. The principal card of the collection, is this season, the "gem pendant," a graceful double folding card of entirely new shape, which well lends itself to artistic treatment. In addition there are the "Pompeian," the "Patriotic," the "Art Bronze," the " Wedgwood." and the "Oak platino panels." All are quite novel and distinctly beautiful, but the last mentioned strikes us as being a particularly pleasing idea. Platinoe were never made to look nicer than they de mounted 'on the imitation oak which Messrs. Tuck have designed, and platinos are among our favourites. We are somewhat sorry that the number of black and whites generally seems to have decreased ; they are always among the most tasteful and acceptable creations. There is a choice, hough small. selectioa of them however. Calen- dars are, generally speaking, losing the pride of place which they may be said to have once occupied, and some of them this year are hardly up to Messrs Tuck's standard either in originality or beauty. Humorous cards are a strong line, the military spirit being responsible for a lot of red-coat humour, and they will we think be voted "the very thing." Juvenile toy and gift books are also full of merit, and the same may be said of the art novelties which have been designed to please the youthful eye and mind. As in previous years we can still confidently recommend all purchasers of this class of goods to" plump for Tuck who has represented them in the (Raphael) House with conspicuous abiii ity and may be relied upon to more than fulfil his promises in the future.

TAKE CARE OF YOUR CHEST.

Have you a ticklice sensation in the throat ? If so, beware of catarrh, and its accompanying effects. Lavans Lung Linetus acts on the throat and lungs immediately, and will remove that tickling. Have you a feeling of tightness across your chert ? If so, and if yru do not at once rensovo it by one oose of Lavaca Lung Linc•us, you are simply c)urting bronchitis, pneumonia, and that dreadful disease, coo - sum ption Have you a difficifty in breathing. and fines it min you to speak? Then get a blttlo of Lavans Long Linctua, if yoo value your heslth, bec tiis it is a mnst serious thing, and wll ultimately Lied to bronchitis or asthma.

Do you feri fall and surfeite 1 in the morning wile-% you wake? That is caused by phlegm that has accumu- lated in the night. A dose of Lavans Long Linctus when you go to bed will absolute'y prevent all that. D 3 you lava a difficulty in sleeping through coughing during the night? Then by all means take a dose of Ltsvans Lung Linctus one will be sufficient, and it will ensure you complbte repose, and cure your cal without trouble.

Lavans Lung Linctus is sold by all the local Chemists Pa'ent Medicine Vendors, and Cr - verative Stores, or the Proprietors, Green and B Uton. will forward a bottle, p3st free. is. i,i, 24. 91., and 4s. 61.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1933 Pts. Sept. For A gst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salt ord home 10 7 15 St. Helens home 0 0 22 Rockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers Oct. 6 Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 Lane. v Cumber. away 21 2 Altrincham home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov 3 Lane. v York home 24 5 3 %Vidnet(,l.W.LAß.T. Cup Comp)home 2) 7 10 Rochdale Hornets home 17 Barrow away - • 24 St. Helens away Dec. 1 Widnes home 8 Lane. v Cheshire 8 Altrincham 15 Salford away 22 Oldham ' home 25 Xmas Day 26 tame.= home 29 Rochdale kiOrncta Jan. 1 • 5 Swinton away 12 Wigan home 19 Mil om away 16 Barrow home Feb. 2 Oldham away 9 Leigh 15 Broughton Rangers home 23 Stock port home Mar. 2 Cup Tie 9 Cup Tie 18 23 Cup Tie 3) Cup Tie Apt. 5 Good Friday 6 Millom home 8 B 5,1 Leigh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions V. Rest 27 Final

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE Results up to Saturday, November 3rd, 1900. Goals.

lsr DirtsioN.

P. W. L. D. F. A. P. Trinity Athletic 4 .. 3 ... 0 ... 1 ... 6 ... 3 ... St. '1 elms L. N.W. Rem 5 ... 2 ... 2 ... 1 ... 6 4 ... 5 Orford Barracks Peuketh ................ 4 ... 0 ... 1 ... 3 ... 3 ... 6 ... 3 St. Mary's Newton Res. .. 4 ... 0 ... 2 ... 2 ... 4 ... 7 ... 2 END Goals.

P. W. L. D. F. A. P St. Austin's • 9 ... 6 ... 1 ... 2 -.24 ...14 Ltockton Heat h Warrington Athletic Latchford Trinity Athletic Reserve St. Mary's Res Brittamia Combination Remit*, Ali rAints 8 3 . 4 1 9 9 7 Newton St. Peter's 3 2 1 0 9 7 4 Frodsharn Parish Church 8 ... 1 ... 7 ... 0 ...10 ...21 ... 2 Walton Warrington Hornets

1/,:arrington Markets.

At tte Warrington Corn Maikot on Wednesday new wheat fetcued 34 6i to 34 81 (701 b to the bushel) ' • flour, best stconds, per 2401 b, 219 ; bran 11 per 201 b. At the provision market prices were as follows :—Fresh butter, Is 31 per lb ; cheese. 61, 7d and 81 per lb ; fresh eggs, 6 for is; 43 to 5s Gd per couple; English beef, 64 to 101 ; mutton, 7d to 104; lamb, 91 to lid ; veal, 7d to 104; pork, 6d to aid.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
-

WOMEN'S CHAT.

e"' The Queen has been greatly relieved by the accounts ef the improvement in the health of the Empress Frederick. It is he pied that the .En press will derive further benefit frcm a residence in the South of Europe though it is feared that the nature of her malady pre- cludes any possibility of a permanent reccrery. The Empress Frederick will be sixty years of age on the 21st inst. and it is over fifty years ago that she and the Prince of Wales made their first appearance in public in London. That was on the occasion of the opening of the Coal Exehange, when the Prince Consort .and his children travelled by water in the royal barge the last time that aecient and cumbrous craft was used. In 1855 the Princess Royal—then in her eighteenth year—Was mar- ried. and she has been a widow for tie eive years. The Emperor Wllliem, who was the first born of her six children, will co forty-two next January. The German Empress is in her forty-third year being a little older than the Kaiser. Her Majesty is a great- grandchild of the Duchess ot Kent, by her first marriage, and is therefore a half great-niece of Queen Victoria. It is a common sayine that the Kaiser is his own chancellor. and it is e quallv true that the E:npress is Lir own breast k•eper, in that she is entirely oevoted to the domestic life aed welfare of her family. The eldest of her children, the Crown Prince, is now eighteen, and there are five other sons, sill a daughter, who is named after our beloved Queen, aed the heroic Queen Louise of Prussia. Lord Lansdowne is fortunate in the assistance of his wile, who is ore of the greatest hostesses of the day, and therefore v ill qualified to preside over the receptiors and other social fur ctione coneected with the Foreign Office. Society has to to n-idered in the choice of a Foreign Minister and, if the truth wire known, it would probably be found that wemen have a goon deal of 'influence in such matters. There are the ambaisadore ano ministers, and their wives to entertain, and it is rsseniial that the Foreign Secretary should have the asiristance cf a wife or near relative of high social rank, to do the honours of the Foreign Office. In this respect there could have been to better choice than that of Lord Lansdowr e. With all the presiige of rank and wealth, and with the high, social, and intellectual gifts of the Marchieness, the Foreign Office should once more bee( me the centre of some of the most brilliant gather- ings in society. 'l he Lew Foreign Sc cretary—flith Marquis of leinF- downe—bas two ions, both in the Army, at d two daughters. Of the latter one, Lady Evelyn Cavendish, will in all probability ne one dae Duchess of Devonshire rd the other Ladyßeatrix,is the Marchioness of Water- ford. Much has been made of the fact that the Marquis of Lansdowne is a perfect French scholar, but there is French blord in the family. Count de Flabault. Lord Lansdowneni grandfather was the Ambassador of France in this country. The Count was one of the few French robles of high estate who went over to Napoleon, ard Lord Lansdowne can claim to have some distant con- nection w th the fumlly of Napoleon. The new Lord Mayor of London is a widower, an will fall to his daughter Miss Kathleen Green to do honours of the Mansion House during her father's t p of Ile,. This will no doubt be assrciated with barquets and entertainments in honour of the returning troops from the war, and the coming year should be a particu- larly brilliant one at the Mansion Howe. Shoold all go well,there will be sure to be a banquet to Lord Roberts, and it is upon such occasions that the traditional hoi- pitality of the City is seen t the best advantage, The Corporation brie ancient and besutiful buildings, a long and hr nrurable record, and above all it can supply the massive plate and wealth of colour which are required for the most stately effairs. During the next few months we may expect a con_ stant succession of vele( mes to officers, non-commit sinned efficera, and men who have been engaged io Vie- wer. The pubrc have already been cautioned against showing enthusiaem by offering drink to the soldiers, hut the re is another point to wh:ch attention may per- haps, usefully be drawn. It is quite naturat,but searcely fair that the soldiers who arrive first should receive the heartiest weiceme. The men who come later are at !east as mech deserving of applause,ceeing that most of them will have been longer in South Attica, and it is therefore won that we should reserve some of our plaudits and admiration for them. This ceution Is perhaps scarcely necessary in the case of provincial towns which are not military stations, but it is eminently applicable to London, and the gain's in towns,where after welcoming the first comers,the people are apt to cool in their enthusiasm. It is perhaps or- avoidable, but none the less regrettatle, that the men who most deserve applause. viz., the wounded arid sick, should in ready all cases have received no demonstra- tion of welcome. . .

What with the use of poisonous dyes and chemicals in the manufacture of articles of clothing, we cannot be too careful what we wear. There is, it seems, a new danger in flannelette, several cases of injury to chi'dren being reported in censequence of the use of chloride of zinc in the manufacture of that material. It may be trim inhered that last winter, several employees of the Birmingham Corporation were ts ken 111, in consequence of the presence of that injurious substance in the water- procfs supplied to them. Its use in flannelette is how- ever much more serious, and the Manchester Chamber of Commerce Vac passed a resolution disapproving of the employment of chloride c f zinc in certain classes of materials. Many will think that more drastic measures are re quirecl. and that it is clearly a matter tor the authorities to take up, with a view to the prevention of the use of dangerous chemicals. Fran the stifle ef chiffon or net, to the boa of fur, is a wide stretch, and the majority of Its will theretore give a warm welcome to the velvet itiffiss now to be seen in all up-tc-date milliner's show rooms. These can easily be manufactured at home by clever fingers, the mode of prc endure being precisely the same as in the case of the chiffon ruffle of Sc miner fame. The velvet is mounted in large double x pleats, set very closely together, upon a satin foundation. Thi4, to be correct, should not quite meetin front, and should end with long narrow velvet streamers, or ropes of chenille. To those to whom good furs are an impossibility, and common ones an abomination, carious delightful schemes open up, with the advent of the velvet raft r. Per exarrnle with a blue cloth or fair za gown, a blue velvet miffs edged with soft grey chenille, as near the colour of chinchilla as possible, is charming, the te que and !tuff of the velvet, heir g trimmed to match, a grey wing or a couple of quills ccmpleting the former creation. Some of the re flies are edged with fur, tut even the narrowest of such edgings entre expenrive, when the amount necessary runs into many cards, and it is wiser to keep to chenille or chiffon than indulge in arm" imitation, or common description of fur that will be constantly shedding itself aboct our person. In cersets. the straight front still obtains, and many notable eresmakers are refusing to fit gowns over any other than this particular e'vle. Numbers of women however complain of the difficulty they experiercs in keeping these straight-fronted corsets fie in riding up and undoubtedly this trouble invariably exists unless the ut be an f x 7,r pt ion al 1r good one. The Hookon hose- supporter, like the pen ef fame, has proved a boon and a blessing in this direction. It accomplishes its double duty, that of keeping the stockings up and the corsets clewn in the frost delightful manner, and provided Proper care is taken in attaching this little item of attire to, ard rernoviee it frem the corset stud, it leaves rething to be desired hem the point of strength and durability.

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_19001109_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "The Secret 'of the Pearls," "The Home by the Lock, "Queen Swgetheart," "Th. Barnstormers,' "Ifer Royal Ifighness," Etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Lancelot Wade, a well-connected ne'er-do-well, lives with his daughter Sybil in fourth-floor rooms in Blooms- bury. One day the fattier brings Sybil the extra- ordinary news that she—she who never went anywhere or saw anybody in her life—is to go to a dinner- parry at Lady Northniuir's house in Berkeley-square, where she meets a certain JPC:( Churchill, who is exi e ted by Lady Carstairs, another guest, to marry her daughter Gladys. The dinner, like the house, Is very grand, and Sybil is sui remely uncomfortable. Next morning Lancelot Wade does not appear at breakfast; Sybil finds that 1,i3 bed has not been slept in. Alarmed, she is about to go to the police- station, when a messenger-boy appears with a letter from her father. The envelope is hold-smeared, and the mess nger hesitatingly aunts that lie thinks the'', has been an accident. Sybil is con- ducted by Vie messenger-bay, by me ns of trams and trains, quite out of the city to a lonely house on the river bank. She is told to enter a cemiia room, and, expecting to see her father, she un- he‘itatingly enters. The to im is errptv ! Anil Sybil, when she tries to get out. again, finds herself a prisoner. Meanwhile Churchill, on his way to the birthday-feast of Gladys, reads of Lancelot Wade' suicide, and carries/. the news to Lady Carstairs. Churchill does not, know that Sybil has disappearei, and Lady Carstairs seeks to quench his interest in her by lying to film about the way she is being cared for and the low marriage she is about to contract. Lady Carstairs herself at this tune does not know v hat has become of Sybil and she seeks the assistance of her son, Lord Carstairs, to get her put out of the way so that Churchill shall never see her and dis- cover the lies told about her. It is very evident that Lord Carstairs has a powerful private motive for getting rid of Sybil, though his mother knows nothing of it as yet. He it was, indeed, who arranged for Sybil's capture, the intention being to murder her as her father was murdered. In her extremity, however, Sybil is assisted to escape by Hester Frayne, the girl who, disguised as a mes- senger lad, had decoyed her from home.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XI.

trol of her voice, she won't' question nester Frayne about the:letter. She remembered very well bow the supposed messenger-boy had stammered and cast down his eyes when she had exclaimed in terror at sight of the blood-stain on the paper. A plot to get rid of her and her father seemed so futile, so inexplicable; and yet, viewed from the point at which she now stood, how easy of accom- plishment it appeared The landlady at 20, Mitchell-street would only believe that they had run away to escape the obligation of paying their debts. Sybil could see that it would be hard indeed to persuade her otherwise. The woman would think that Sybil's alarm at her father's absence was assumed; or, if not, that, at all events, he had aommunicated with her, and bidden her join him— bidding which she had promptly obeyed. Co far as Sybil knew there was no one on earth who cared enough for poor Lancelot Wade and his daughter to make any effort towards ascertaining their fate if they suddenly vanished. Lady North- muir would take it for granted that they had chosen to leave London without letting her know. Lord Carstairs and his mother and sister would be relieved that their inconvenient poor relations had departed without giving them any more trouble. As for Jack Churchill, she had told herself before this that, despite his kindness and the look in his eyes, which seethed to mean interest, he would have forgotten all alout Gladys Wade's little cousin in a day or two. "So my father and I could be put out of the world without danger that our disappearance would disturb anyone," the girl thought. "Somebody must have known that and counted upon it—known what a roving life we led, so that none of our acquaintances could ever tell where we would be -the day after they had seen us last. Somebody must have very carefully planned all this. But who—who? No one but a maniac would commit crimes without reason—without desire for revenge or the hope of advantage to himself." The shock of hearing that her father was dead merged into the enthralling excitement of specula- tion. She turned to Hester Frayne and spoke with a firm and steady voice. "Who is the mister of this house? Tell me that and I will try to ask-you very few more questions." "That, of all things, I will not tell—now, or ever!" answered the Other. "I meant all along to make you promise, before I took you away to safety—if I should suctceed—that you would not even try to find out where was the house you have been in to-day, or who was the man by whose orders you were brought here. Ido not love that man any more. I said to you a little while ago that I hated him; but I don't hate him enough to wish that he shouldobe ruined." "How can I make such a promise," cried Sybil, "when I know very well—though you have not admitted it—that the man is my father's murderer? If I escape, am I to be silent and leave my father unavenged ? " "I thought that you were probably a Christian," retorted Hester Frayne. "Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord.' Would you not be ready to obey those words? 'k+

"How could I be so selfish as to accept my own safety as a bribe for leaving a murderer undis- covered ? "

* Yon have forgotten that I have compromised myself for ever with my only friends because of you," answered Hester. "You have me to think of now, as well as yourself, if you have the good heart I've given you credit for. I can't help you to leave this house unless you promise me what I have asked; and I have gone too far to draw back -,,rw and let things. be as they were before with me. we stay here, I shall have to die, as well as you; remember that !"

"I promise, then," returned Sybil, desperately. "You leave me no choice except to promise."

"You swear that, if I can get you safely away, you will be silent as to what has passed here—ypu will make no complaint to the police, but be satisfied with having (swiped? You swear that you will try to forget this hateful day and night; or, at all events, to live as if you had dreamt them, as if this house, and those who brought and kept you here, only existed in the dream ? " "Yes, I suppose I must do as you ask," Sybil said, slowly, and with hesitation. I'l swear that I will do nothing to revenge myself or my father if I escape. Yet, tell me this one thing. If my father died of apoplexy, as you say, • how came that blood on the letter he wrote to me ?"

"I don't know. As truly as I live I don't know," answered Hester. "I may guess, but my guesses are worth nothing. I had promised to perform the errand to you—promised only half-an-hour before the man you say was your father came to this house; and when the messenger-boy's livery was got for me—there was some delay about that—l went without daring to ask questions, except about the way to go, and exactly by what roundabout routes I was to bring you back. But, now that I am sure of you—for, you see, I trust your word— we must begin to think how we are to get away. "The man I have spoken of is surely out search- %Lig for us now, thinking cruel, revengeful things of me for thwarting him. My stepmother—who was glad to help him, and to have me help him,. in the hope that I should be his wife—is waiting for him to Come back with news. By this time howill, perhaps, be far away from the house, riding the horse he keeps here at- the stables, .perhaps, hopinS to overtake us. But she—if I only knew where she was ; f could be half-sure that she would not spy us as we stole away !"• "Even if she did see us," argued Sybil, "you say that she is lame. We might riin by, and she could not catch us if there is nobody else in the 'liaise whom she could send in pursuit.

"Yes, we might do that,ik". repined Hester, doubtfully. "But the man isTound to come back discouraged before very, long, and when he heard that we sad. so lately been here, that we had got so very little start, he would go out again and would be almost sure to find us."

"At least, we should be out of this house. We could scream and call for help if he tried to harm us."

"It is very lonely in this neighbourhood," answered Hester. "We should have to go a very long way before we could do any mood by crying for help. And—and he would be desperate. I think if we were found he . would never let us go alive. I am afraid of him—oh, I am afraid of everything. I have gone through so much to-day, risked so much, that the reaction has come: I feel if it would be better to stay here in the attic till to-morrow night if we could bear it. Then the man would have gone away, and we should have al better chance of escape. They say people can livel a long time without food if there is a real necessity. Are you very hungry now?" "I was hungry, but now I am only faint and sick," said Sybil. "I had a cup of tea and half a slice of toast for breakfast this morning; it sepms hundreds of years ago. But I think I forgot to' eat the toast, as already I was so anxious about my poor father. And I have had nothing since." "I don't believe you could live, then, till to- morrow night," replied Hester, thoughtfully. "You are only a delicate little thing, and you must be nearly fainting now. Whatever happens, I.can't let you die here in this attic among the rats. Don't you hear their little feet and their sharp, horrid little teeth gnawing the wood, even now? We must take our chances to-night, after all. Have you the courage?" "Yes," said Sybil. "I would rather face death openly than hide here in the dark, not knowing each moment what will come with the next." "I believe that you are braver than I," the other girl exclaimed. 'I seem spent. I can hardly think what is best to do. Anyway, I shall light our candle again. Perhaps, when we are not in this choking darkness, I shall get my wits and nerve again." She struck a match, and presently the small flame the candle flickered, rose, grew stendy, and made the curtain of blackness hanging round them seem the more distinctly visible. Hester gave a deep sigh, looked wistfully round her as if for some help out of the.great danger she fecred, and took up the candle, which had been welded to the floor by its own grease. "We'll light oprselves down the stairs, and at the bottom put out the candle again," she said. If we must go—and we must, I know—it will be better now -while the man is sure to be away, than later." _ _ _

As they rose and tiptoed out of their .secluded corner behind the furniture, the sound of„their light footsteps and rustling dresses stopped the gnawing orthe rats, which had grown acotstomed to the soft, whispering voices. The retreat which the two girls had chosen was well out of sight from thl stairs, which, rounding a juttinq projection of bricked chimney, they came upon suudenly. Hester held the caaulle, drops of hot grease dripping over her fingers; but Sybil was by her side, and simultaneously they became aware that they were not alone in the attic. A taft woman, carrying a lamp, had come noislessly up the stairs, and stood' now at the' top starlit," towards the ggures that advanced with the mild.. Hester grasped Sybil's shoulder with a gasp and dropped the candle, which, with a sputter, went out as it fell. After all, they had not been so safe

111111..-M

dOr

in tneir uarx corner or tne attic, with the locked below, as the girls had dared to fancy. ere It seemed to Sybil, as her startlet riveted for a second on the face irradiated mi circle of yellow lamplight, that never had she "11, a human being so hideous. One shoulder er too almost gigantic figure was much lower than a. other; a long, yellow throat was craned for"Lrefir and a pair of great, goggling black ere ieh into the shadows, through convex glassee, distorted the size of the eyeballs beneath. 511 t mouth, with its long, flat upper lip, was 5 sro across the thin, lantern-jawed face. There-fa scarcely a vestige of hair on the brows, which isTe; scowlingly togeth...r over a lumpish, ill-shaPed rlof and the scanty locks oiled back from the se.tt, dome of forehead, were a carroty-red le lamplight. Without a word from Hester, Sybil keel°e' bole this woman was. Somehow, the stepmother qttic the girl so greatly feared had thought of the "01 as a possible hiding-place for the fugitives come to explore. She must have had another V)! too, for the cue with which the door at the fett t the stairs had been locked was in Hester's P0c1;041 These thoughts flashed through Sybil's ed more quickly than they could have been utte.1111,..; And with them came a new alertness of hrelaitc. new strength of body, born of the 01;1040 Hester's fixed eyes and parted lips, the trem rto grasp of her fingers, told that she was no lonle tba be depended upon to plan or execute. .411,_ bo very fact that she must be leader, or the".„t must end in failure, nerved Sybil W moment's need. "Come; we'll run past her before she el the us, and lock her in—that door at the fe°t stairs I" she whispered. toot. Hester hesitated; but it was only for Sybil caught her companion round the "sap et the flame of her new courage lit the failing the other's spirit. 01/ With a rush, before the tall, misshapee /fate rased what they meant to do, the twoalira the° had passed her. Limping, she leaped after Out 9 with a shrill scream of rage, and, streWhol,ich great bony hand, she was just in time to Sybil's ilyino. skirt. The stitches that 0;013 into the and gave way with a sharr, rote]) sound; but Sybil, with Hester just ahead.. %Koss herself free. The quick jerk pulled forward, staggering. To save herself from le to? the lamp she paused, swaying almost over of the stairs. bet It was for the fraction of a moment only(i)04 ose was enough for Sybil add Hester, whose clest up now, since seconds might mean life o. They almost flung themselves down the stetttbe of steps, not daring to look back, yet hesPel sound of halting footsteps close behind. outs could lock the door of the attic before t, who followed was able to push her sof -o,llel be tables would be completely turned. She.g,ster their prisoner, and when the man whom t"-fore feared Ohould return it m'ght. be long °leo he' would think of searching tor her there, -11" thee' outcries reached his ears; and, at all e'vent,,„,9' her would be a delay before he could hear frilfrour what had happened, a delay which wall' the girls' escape. liest f On the third step from the top er e rolled to the bottom, pushing open the d°°r'fallitig already stood ajar, with the impetus of ller body. doeli The woman with the lam was half ft her feet, in loose slippers, limping rapidly from stair to stair. If her own key in the door Sybil's plan' 5 Ifilt.he for in the passage just outside the attic dor whiv- with ecrt, lay motionless on her face. The key she had locked the door was still in her P, otot° and long before S3bil could find it the big i'fester would have finished the descent. 'With I.4e' stunned by the fall—hurt, perliaps—tiletch ol gaunt giantess would be more than a.ri.my'ter 13 them both, since Sybil would not leave Iles- cl3° even to save her own life. Again the great hand stretched out lild gri? to seize her. She shook it off before it e°ll gee' her shoulder, and jumped down the last ferf ,§ alighting close to Hester's still form. .000 Turning, she dashed the door shut in the s'`e por• re face. Thank Heaven there was a key in With an effort that at any other time ic°‘'..ethicid o We'ri been far beyond her strength, Sybil pre9'o,iit 4 shoulder desperately against the panel and ting the key round in the lock. She heard it gr 3 peel the bolt shot home, and then sank on her rest rb weak and panting, in the reaction after O g strain. to 3. be But there was no time to struggled to her feet again and was thankfiothouglur Hester sigh. It was dark in the paseage' olie3111„et as before, a dim light far away cast ari upon a distant wall. Now that the between her and the lamp which the worne.ng carried, she could no longer see ifenstr 1414 lifeste the floor, but she spoke the other's na-there came ti --Hester Frayne ! "—and, to her PY' broken answer. a otftr 4. of ae.

"I -what's happened? There"g . - stars falling before my eves, and, oh, fell aches I Where are we ? " You "In the corridor outside the attic door- tV down the stairs; but there was a second keTore door and I locked your stepmother Mi be poe could come after us. take it as, sta tt, r before we go. She was sere-on:rig for 0° sllf but she is quiet now. Is it possible there 41f, other way out?" xioe- ifs "Not that I know of," said Rest 111 er, 1' as Sybil helped her to rise. "Jr only, rrgherliher comes back, he doesn't think of looking '-e" 011 this out-of-the-way part of house for tarsto even now we shall haven good chance. I'l'lo I I've twisted my ankle a little in falling, a their doesn't matter. I shall get on somehow, tiestelo:t isn't a minute to lose. Here are o'l] off We must find the candle I dropped linv 9 once." t cl'cetif "Yes," echoed Sybil, "we must be of Ai/ertell 4 But the name which Hester had spoken seemed to stand out in five red letfte ober her eyes. Ralph! Ralph was her he r W murderer! Ralph had schemed to kill w e She had sworn not to try and cli,s;c:v A,l? identity. But would not Time and De9,;it day supply other details besides the naul° (Td be contintud.) REDUCTION 15-141°244.5' m IP sP.URNØU:Ør NCAND"- $ IA ND ANTLICS, $ 04. JHlnor !,00 mtrivitscs, xINDs riwocit AS OLOIIOS PAI TEK° - ..A.TOHED AT ADAMS. 80 S. cIiANIFQ.s' t-INDOW GLASS OF DIFFICRRNT WINDOW GLASS OR DIVIegitENT SUP""-i

BRITISH SILv KERD PLATE.

GLASd SHADRS AND STANDS'. AT THE LO PRICBS \ MS. STRE

OF MANDOLD t GUITARS, VIOLI NS, ITALIAN MANDOLINR. ItIAKtiR'S 04111%1,11, wo 1. oroarrentfrd ; 12s. 6d. Caniato Paffp 0. SONS. al% GIiOEGNS' CRItnOhNT. STRISFT LT, It PPOGT,. Fs: a nu Elastic Stocki rigs Surgical Abdo at nal Balts';,, L.ive„eril°o, Buy them from the or makers '- S-111:E11111 SC)-011' p 0 R 37, BRECK ROAD 1-1 V / al Wa We supply a better go-tlity at a Lower P firm - trade,-

..0 ho C • •••• 0 L. ..... 03 1- -. c.) c., 3 W

Telograpti!c Address:

* 1 B t'r• 'riV 1 AL AL ---S= 'SrP"...sititlsTrE.lZiKE-3-r G FRRENT COLOURS AND GLASS GLOBES CAN BB MP '7, .

5 ° L 4. 01,0 0 p 05ate A-4s. 5, 0$ - j. WE- -212, NORTH-H ILL LIVERPOOL. _ - t • I • • . sjalee'l I; 'OO or I AIM OCK '"r'rrislJe:'l3 for IA ,011

Qil6- in •1.1.4 1.r.a0. PSTA TILTS Il P," 00 ~ ~Stf ~, • i''.::''',',' I Telephone: 7:T.-:ii:A.141.N0Ei11TuA1;i:„.,,,,,,,,.. - - ---.-r. iirriON .- ..., - -- -4,..isTi in..,-.,-,-,- •.. ' . ' .. , ' iti,,Nt!,5,.. d.?.414AR .. • ' 4.,," : 54 '...,4'. , lilt , "1-• IV, -...•01,!.',r-itz.,- :;:- .--,- .9.•:13k, • , :- i ' -MAD; .:4'.;-4'4,4%1 ~'• 't. n'.; S 4 - -..),...,:pri, 0..,..• \A qrii. ~, 6 • , . - `r,lll3P 44n` - 111000' ii Es, , LIV EiciooL. ' .

===== 0002601_19001109_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A ',TAME OF FIVE LETTEEP.

"Somebody offered you money?" ejaculated Sybil, chilled by her creeping amazement that anyone on earth could have thought her undoing worth a tempting sum of money. "No ; not that !" hastily rejoined llester Frayne. "I'm not going to defend myself. But suppose. you had loved a man, and looked up to him as a kind of prince, belonging to a world as far above you, almost as heaven is above earth, and he asked you to do something for him, wouldn't you go to almost any lengths for the sake of doing it ?" For a moment Sybil hesitnted before answering. She was not yet eighteen, and she had never been in love; but as Hester Frayne put the question, in a passionate, tremulous whisper, a strange picture seemed to rise before her eyes. She could see Jack Churchill's face—not merry and smiling, or gravely earnest, as it had looked during their talk together at Lady Northmuir's, but pleading, with a wonderful light in the dark eyes, such, as she knew, they were capable of holding. lie was asking a boon of her, and offering infinite love in exchange.

Suddenly, as the vision faded, her heart began to throb almost to suffocation.

"Yes—yes!" she exclaimed. "I would give my right hand to serve a man, if I loved him, and he loved me ! But—but--"

" Ah, you are going to say you wouldn't do any- thing wicked, even if he a.ked it of you. Yet listen to me. I have loved a man—all my life I have loved him, tint il to-night. For I think I hate him now. Once he told me that he cared for me, but he had a great position to keep up, and he must marry a woman in his own sphere of life—a woman who had money and a place in society like his own. So there was no happiness for me ; I must forget him, if 1 could, lie had made me care ; yet I didn't think of that—l didn't blame him for that then. I was only dreadfully, dread- fully unhappy. At last he said there was a service I could do for him—a service so great that there was but one reward good enough, if it was done, and succeeded. This 'reward was that I should be his wife. Without even Avaiting to ask what the service was to be, I promised. And then —then something happened here, in this house, that made me afraid of the promise." The girl's voice faltered. She was speaking now more as if to herself than to Sybil, whose presence for a moment she had forgotten. "What do you mean ? What happened here ?" cried Sybil. "Was it anything about my father? Was he really here, after all?

As she spoke, she could feel a sudden shudder that quivered through the slim form of the girl crouching close to her side—a shudder that shook it from head to foot. No answer came. "I must know! You must tell me if iny father has been in this house !" Sybil persisted, a ring of determination in her young voice. _

"A man was here, ihen, 7if you will know. I !can't tell you if he was your father or not. I did not hear his name. But lie was one of the hand- somest men I ever saw, though he was no longer very young. He must have been forty at least. He had dark eyes, and hair just touched with grey; a moustache that was darker than his hair; and his chin seemed to be cleft in two by a great dimple. It was late last night that he came—all alone. I was sitting up, and I opened the door for him."

"It was my father. You have described him 'exactly I" Sybil exclaimed. "What happened to him in this dreadful house? Did they. murder him, as you say they will try to murder me?" I "I don't exactly, know what happened. He came, and there were some angry words between him and another—the master of this house. The man was very much excited, and I was told that he had had a stroke of apoplexy. He was dead long before I was sent with the letter to you."

"Dead? My father dead?" Sybil faltered. She had feared many things, but until now she had had hope. • • "Yes.; he, is dead. I knew that, yet I had to take the letter to you which was to bring you here. If I had refused to keep my promise someone else would have gone; and, if they meant to harm you I should not then be able to do anything to prevent it. At least, I think I said that to my conscience beforel went; but perhaps the truth still was that I could not bear to go against the man I loved, wicked .as he might be. I wouldn't let myself believe the worst of him. I said: 4 Whatever he may be, at least he loves me, and will make me his wife.' Since then, through an accident, I have found out that he never cared—that he meant to use me as a cat's-paw to draw the chestnuts he wanted for himself out of the fire, so that his hands need not be burnt; then he. intended to throw me over—whistle Me down the wind. He knew that I would be too deep in the affair to dare betray him to the police, even if I were spiteful enough to wish it. So you see, afber all, it was more selfishness than repentance that has made me help you. Only, when I first saw your face, and found that you were so young, so sweet, so beautiful, my heart grew sick. I could not say to myself anrmore, as he had said to me: Oh, no harm will come to her!' I was afraid for you, and I was more miserable than I had ever been in my life. Yet, if { hadn't found out that he was deceiving me all along, it is just possible I might have Shut my eyes to any- 'thing that was going on, and tried to fancy I really believed afterwards anything they chose to tell me about your disappearance." "My disappearance ? " echoed Sybil, shivering. "I think that, if I had left you in that room down below, you would have disappeared before morning." Sybil drew in her breath sharply. but did not sPeak. Never, until to-day, had there been any- thing suggestive of mystery in her life. Now she found herself stifled with it—gasping for free, unpolluted air. She sat still, thinkinc, intently, feeling deathly cold and faint. She.did' not doubt now that her father had been murdered 'by some secret enemy of whose existence she had never known, and for a reason she could not guess. Either the letter which this girl—disguised as the slim, smart young im ta mger-boy—had brought her was a forgery, or else her father had, by some violent means, been forced to write it before his death.

The last thought was almo,t too horrible to cott template ; but the stain of red on the paper, now that she knew something of the truth, pointed to some such solution. The letter had been stolen away from her now, and she could not make sure whether the handwriting—only casually examined in the excitement of receiving news—was genuine or 1,.0t. But by-and-bve, when she could regain con-

_

===== 0002601_19001109_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
tlehmrd Ye

thvabrao-I nycru-itmo.tehti zrholeo-lari ::11,4 of rue Bt ftt n by hi 11::'11 seeecalt nha :tap' ir eteati ien4 soneat rrg:suul ipnannrevesceirieo:nnt: 1 ti:4:44 3,1 ottirientttglaSittnbriinetna_adt obatoi6ubgiv. reey,;_ktobhriti 2ewlett tells 2 the chronic 11 81 I°tlt leudici.ll 61 laneEBattirtgdsitiehd, great aboutl3? eand °ct tetoresque cb aYe Went F.l hrltiest: n▪ i battle-axe f• 141 d of ha' ine couldCo e! gentle pas " tirretic 80, knitittable mat 11,„criR 'woolen Inaster col Ztoßal to the the love 4718. Rich ar CaR men. aa angel hOle we ha i interest a tottee. The A. btittilste,l) in wit ute advent for as the he tells u °art we ati ad . are atlnlrable I,67ing than frequet Isttlr;iB a disti elio ay" and 2. Uld advise elra_ t• It is dist 0120 r the crus q.,e, better II( teluttr Minds I LAtleintance ,-;',Ze Made. 4a, Shadow u_kArchibali thlimaders mu, creator of oPle are enti 1,0t7 Point in tli,u• are authc 14141,„et Dr. (j let;t I,he Tamil • Boort st)r Zithout sugge "eta the Peni are taken L'es which is e -.ne taiti 81uPe01 ta. °es equall• „zit with an a chLth Chinatoi 8;11 Preface, Dlllerne were i th.l.alt stop to tl `uewr of Quc ate th qb, 9 Seal 114.1,1 of iniquit %h. 'we CRII WE here which tt Late may ev chief o lb,,_"n With a 81 /km% withers- alna mast aong Lung a know mo 2thlessnes% tainese Hight lecietiee then llcidition it is att,_erit of givi t,..ory and w • be Last of by Fenim 1,1 Messrs stacl af-croovn e 'tit:4ftth er-sto( t 41154: :411:eltIlutMitItiternidtaltrilsonbslig.:::::::oiat8opef,nhthcrar:rer:,,11 N triitißachgnol 1%,,,a, bed and b he 'Comne Tt Inatiful illus nick 1. • alarahfield,' 111 1)4:n: a have ne the tone c leSr havo ill'ereet, it is Nvirinodern fi ittlich may el 114° ablY the 3::::::14vi°1 Itoiltil:00:01;euirt 1:11 tt°l,7:jortt c9llieeoi, 78°0: 3r:llnlsvees.: 'ext:°aPorsYeutiranvwteufb.vseetialtd,ara,htbettrttdrPlevii(i(l'' htie are r etoeping a,cnnfidii eent.'n in ti .•Viil they o -halPtnien: icleoPtderybeadoeS °pi-. 4 .14•• Its full 'ae War 0 O. A I._ Amok' 'an [lathe] • 4 It

• L

===== 0002601_19001109_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
1

e]o jt.ha.• T:11 most e •,:e wort( vath, and 'gachheadm sr, z 41"01:1 • E

1

===== 0002601_19001109_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
doer the and. were eyes sted IP a she Pet' cur of 'l2: rtb fortu'LA Ye' PechiCii sses, eath. a 41 ffas There which eeel. taped rilei; L the esot°o ed

l'h6 kne hnol )4 her wu-.. of the att.; yitives 'anther tell the foot 0' „ocket-, ''s r es° 'hire h, ~ttereu" en - $ bow(' evoitt• n tram ,to o lontie"the Ana hoPeg heir tip meet

gto? 10 Old root of

tit• 1:00—e ifs) 'st, fintf zig likraP

0011:1/1r: Afare. 31irl/ 'The" filter 11 D CIU g4htipereria.3 swerso the `c To; droPr tor rer

it ply; blo— th. or Cle:l,h 'St eer,cili9 ear i [. Isof trooo the , tb 011'c11,3 wou Ifester bef°re her unlestsbere eats, he fro' our ,olrl f" na er fe 11 whicl ioor, vint; her Cl'

.101 Is - pia lefg nt 5 a f.i'ileger toor jcl yitli " ket, er co- f big ‘frote• jai -the I. for tei' ma ioir, ter - lea

cliWr like gri? c°"'otePs' few

- nroo door' the, iitte rooluA her, esse". rd to 19 ,r1;r3ti,1111,64. ber l'eot so gr 1. 511%er Lste• be. NI hoog giLl'4lltit a" Otisllscl .01113.110. or! r ;;:e cattle to

,I,,trart 111 , 5:0'1 f,e1,1,1, jfl skbe be fo_' nolls"Pi 15ere.9

t 1"4 lel her l• for x,hile. r btl er; Ind I„,teifl Ibe ,

ot °l;oCetil crfor teriglithe_ro IjilY ii ber f:.113i4 ..rOfe" 1,- Of

;00';T #$ClllO ,50 -013,N

of I' ' DA

tILLi 01, nda

001' Tor)/ -,,.:1f • ~I<P ()L. p(:).., 006

- Jo 7,

. 0 18, r 9.4 ; •-7 o CO. 6

°Y;ll5l' IV 'S. 911, 0? do ;Ai(e°

;5. o• cip•

t 10115.1 13 kr; ntee' ‘O. • Ili 'it le. qO.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
A/,;1 ~,,,

NEW BOOKS.

8, "Lichard Yes-snd-Nay," by Nleuriee Hewlett (Macmillan Se Co., 6—) , The author of the " Forest Lover" made a repu- tien by that book alone which is likely to prove lasting a 8 most literary reputations, but he has, kre eonvinced, added to it weight in the Minds rnen by his letest prceuctiou he Life and „Path of Richard:Yea-and-Nay.' A finer romance 'E the type of those founeed upon some epoch, es 'sect, or personality in history we have neeer had :Ile pleasure ot perusing. " Richard Yea-and-Nay" '4llll not be known to the average individual under $ hen uncommon pseudonym, given him by a ste.. L euadour, but as Richard Coeur de Leon he must ve tet a strangely educated individual indeed who has %treed with interest, even in his isehool- lays, oh th , valorous king, the first of the R.cherds and he leader of the first crusade. Ili =tory tells us e—hllach about Cceur-14-Leon as King of Knglatid If' ag a great tighter in the cruets ie. eaurice ,neWlett tells us more—is may not all oe ru •or ;rant to be—but it is vastly more inheres leg • hen iue truth and nothing but toe tru h as given us teS? !bee chroniclers of the past. He does his wino- t Dif,'sProduce the violent colours or the strange and lin'ta,reNue character and time. Richer:l Yet,-end- stilh!ri bis younger days as Count of Peiet ou was a ver'cit.cg Personage —striking in every sense of the the • We read of him and the part he plashed in hissintrinues of the French Court and King ilenry ather. Richard had a FOIll above intrigue and elhhilYswent straight to the root of a matter and ktiY,B4l out his own courss,generally will the sword th's Isattle-aXe. one could compsts with him on tien'id of battle—this much history tells us—and stie"e could compete wish him in love. Witti him gentle passion with a ravaging flame, a resist- °a torrent and in Jebane of the Pair Girdle he finds 4 4aitabl knot. a mate. Tall and fair like himself—a queer] ted wonlen—and one whose devotion to her lord to,n_,naaster could not have been excelled. We owe ets'huri to the author for his weaving into the eoutp the love for each other of these two great fel• Richard's "yea-and-nay" make him a God 11.i3 meth Jehane's abeelute self- if icing sacri- liwBC,ll angel among women. Taking the story as ie °le We have read nothing which abeunds more 15 interest and excitement. There are no dull 4,lg:a. The Abbot Milo is here and there allowed bet le.P in with a description, in quaint language, sale advent on the stage is always a welcome few'rr as the friend of one whose friendships were belt tie tells us much of King Richard's mind and ta rt 'we are fain to know. Maurice Hewlett has etiZinsirable style and nothing more inspiring and othTkaß than his word-pictures of the wild work 'three frequently takes place could be wished for. a distinct similarity between "Richard Yen- 4141..0.!ildaYandvalls! a"Via Crucis" (Marion Crawford) We perusal of Maurice flewlett's4 work 4: It is distinctly the better of these two chrow- hes °E the Crusades,principally from the faot that it ktvoa better hero, Richard Coeur de Leon is a hero tir Minds before we read about hirn,whereas the Ii t aintance of Gilbert Warde in it Via Crucis "has '11,7 made. -1 Shadow of Quong Lungs' by Dr. C. W. Doyle. IsskArchibald Constable Sr. Co., 3 61 ) thriders must not confuse Dr. C. W. Doyle with 1:1 creator of Sherlock Holmes. He and Dr Conan es4ille are entirely different individuals with the Point in common—so far as we know—that %nee are authors. When first we made the accriaint- NB',o Dr. C W Doyle as a writer of fiction it was le t,he Taming of the Jungle," a series of exne'- ' ssi,:',Bnort stories which reminded one of Kipling eut suggesting imitation of the great Rudyard, tvecl4l the people of the Terai, under toe Himalayas, ties are taken to the Chinese quarter of San Fran- Which is a faiily big jump both as regards dis- Our) ani people. Dr. Doyle seems to know the two el,,,s'arie equally well, and he writes about the yellow sip With an air of authority. The best thing to do Chinatown would be to burn it down, says he, lola Preface, but we should regret this Utopian laneale were it carried out for it might effectually 1it1,,4 stop to tales of that mysterious quarter. "The itki:'c's? of geong Lung" gives a wonderful insight ;61) the secret circles of that densely populated ;" of iniquity known to the world as Chinatown, th 4 we can well believe that much actually happens 'there which the author places on the pages of fiction. t„are may even be such an arch-villain as Qaong se".llgB chief of kidnappers and murderers, and the lila With a shadow. "Whatever my shadow falls withers—and, besides being a master of arts, ara a master of accidents," is the policy of ,Ntleng Lung as expressed by himself. If 3on want :15 know more about Chinese cunning, Chinese llithlessness, and even Chinese devotion, about ";hitiese Highbinders and other naurder-mltivating leeieties then read Dr. C. W. Doyle's latest book. In kidition it is admirably written and possesses the Ipetie of giving the villain of the piece his satis- sletoey and well-deserved quietus. The 'Last of the Mohican." and "The Deerslayer," by Fenimore Cooper, (Macmillan and Co. 2s 61). Isiessre :ilacmillan and Co., are issuing a splendid 81V-crown edition of Fenimore Cooper's five thi-teethes-stocking " tales, of which "The Last of eais eiohicans " and "The Deerslayer " have already s'e't the press. We need hardly say anything t'etit the stories themselves, they are almost text- ca4l°,lr,B—a course of reading which every boy does or se;i11,1(1 go through. There has never been anything ,:t4ll of the American Indian equal to what reZrcore Cooper gives us in these entrancing I°'n-"cees. Natty Bumph°, the "Hawkeye and th' sseerslayer " we grow almost to love, while fs4l3,,gliehgnok and Uncas are quits as much our Psis's".°B- The five stories in their new form—well es,'l bed and bound as they are—ought to be most be-,esc.rne. They are very greatly enhanced too, by 'fill illustrative work from the pencil of H. M. 4 riteck. Karshfield,* the Observer," by Egerton Castle INPlacmillan and Co., 64) So ts? have never yet found anything very elevating the-,:e tone of Mr Egerton Castle's books, though have been undeniably interesting; and 144`rest, it is to 'be feared, is a greater essential Nehilz,,,cdern fictioh than a guarantee of anything may elevate the mind. Mr. Castle certainly a4°W h eteb.sa Ow to interest if not to elevate, a.ni this is IstearlY the main consideration in the minds of the tree;;e he eaters fcr. Meldrum Marshfield is a clever the-1.4-4a of the author's brain, one of those men—if are any others—" who revel in obser- for'°? and theory, who tressura knowledge n,:18 bare sake, unproductively, even as bite—a:6er treasures 'means of wealth for no taln;;(3r Purpose. Physically he is "broad-healed 111417,1, mouthed, and large-eyed; with singularly 131 a Zed. eyebrows and an odd, very thin, pointed bisMstache." He has also" a narrow chest 5.h s itc:laPing shoulders." Not cast in the mould of ' r ' exactly, but certainly qualified to be an eheeao crver." And such he is,as the title implies. He liDis"r,ves everything, mind and matter, soul and )tite, and very fortunately he every now and then laiB ,s4,confiding fit and tells the author the result of Voi,,uoservations. Mr Castle calls the tales in this Ver,'rce, studies of character and action, which is a tf 6'oa,Pt description. There are excellent examples ceetnu in them all—or nearly all—and without ex- . CEretrn they are clever to a fault. Nothing of Mr tor ae's. Production we have yet seen qualify him Aeirsalee as a genius in ideas so much as" Ntarsh- bl:ue Observer ; or the Death Dance," to give the 4 :st. its full title. "(VCrar Office, the Army and. the Empire," by 4iO.ect:rinsold-Forst er, M.P. (Cassell and Co., ttiit It se.. Arnold-Forster, M.P., is already looked upon 14 authority upon the question of war-office re- ,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
„,...,,,,,,, L i.,..,,, ,14 'I. r. , , - . r 'a: 4:,./.: 1 tivit . P„bl . ',. i 1 4 .t.s, '..” 't wk., ,

VitllllB Hft - rids

Luxuriantlitair

Proc.lticed tv - o. • I. , f \ _,,, r ' *a . 4,4` • : ms' . , 1 ....A. 5 t •Z 4 '',' 4 1 . ' 1 : e• y .t 4 ;4 r. •f . 4,,..: ,4, e.,t, i; Thr. 1,,f; ,tost effective skin purifying and beautifying soap I.,a;Te world;as well as the purcet and sweetest for toilet, bri, l, and nursery. The only preventive of piraplea, 9i.11., (.',Elds, red, rough, oily skirl, red, rough hands, and falling hair, and simple baby blemishes, se t : he, criiy preventive of the cause, viz., inflana- r..r.d clogging of the PORES. t.,,i4ce.lg cll choroi,ta, or postpaid by F. NEWBERT ez SONS, -',11,..°a. P.:• a. POTTER .0 " OSP Sole Props., Bostca, U.S. 8.. .7 to htve a 13,,autlful skin," P., free.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
form, and his latest book "The War Office, the Army, and the Empire," a review of the militar3 situation in 1900, will be welcomed in all quarters where a serious study of the best interests et the nation and empire, is made, Lord It)sebery in a brief preface to the hook refers to the necessity, which the war has proved, for overhauling the di- pertinent which had been concerned with it and commends Mr Arnold-Forster as a thorough and in- depsndent investigator. Upon the book itself we pr,fer to let our readers form their own opinions. They cannot do better than read it, for whether they avree with it or no tuey are sure to learn much trotu its pages, which it is well they should know. The queslion ot war-office reform is a burn- ing question just now and is likely to be so for some time. Mr Arnold-Forster does his best to in- dicate what is required and has apparently left no stone unturned to pat plain facts and clear logic- before a discriminating public. We have also tor future review : "WAR AND POLICY," by PRNSER WILKINSON. Arc-ihaid Constable & Co.. Lt 15) "MODERN BROODS," by CHARLOTTE M. YONGE (Macmillan & (Jo, 6s) "IN THE PALACE OF THE KING," by F MARION Ce AwFoRD. ( M acmil lan & Co., 6s) "Rim WITH A DIFFERENCE," by RO3A NOUCHETTE CAREY. (Macmillan &on.. Ltd., 63)

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By " Ovalist '] Toe Warrington spectators had tho tuxury of a cup-tie on Saturday, and as the reqult of it was a great triumph for the home team they must have appreciated it very highl7 and be now in the sten of Oliver Twist—longing for more. As a rule we don't expect ckip-ti:!s b,fore the end of the season, but the South %Vest Lancashire Cup Competition being now on a proper footing we get them early on. Not only that, but it is j Ist possible that we —Wmington I—may possess a c.fp of our ,own before the N attarrn 11,ion cup ties commence. Stich ikaM3 as Swinton, Runcorn, St. Helens and Leigh, all have a voice in the matter at present however. It will not do to be too exp:lctant and hopeful. I ha Je had lops of Warrington oefore, and ultimatey fouad them rudely dashed to di! ground.

Widnes had the god fortune to bs drawn at War- ington for the opening of the competition and are now in the happy position of being rslieved of all fur her anxiety with regard to the destination of the cup. Th y had some notion, I am told, of retrieving their fallen fortunes at WarrinAten'a expense and therefore brouht their strongest tram, which at preeeut consists of eit-it rattling good forwards. six "A " team and one first team back. The latter is Baty who shines all by him- self as a sort of wandering Jew with a mission te do as much damag,e to the other sids as psssible. He doss no do much 'tis true, but that is nt for wa:.t of tryinz. Any way he is the solo survivor of last season's back division of the Widnes' team. Warrington only lamented th,, absence of one back, J T Bite, but in the front rat,k there were no less wan four chinges necessary. Thu, things seemed to be about ecrially balanced at the com- mencement. for wherias Widnes were expected to have the pull forward. Warringloa should be stronser behind. The prediction was not far wrong, teceept th it the pull forward for the visitors was not maintain and even- tually the home backs ran riot and tore the Widnes de- fence to small pieces.

Neverthelesa there was a time when the prospPct looked ominous for the hems I.,cam. This was in tie firs: five nainue,. for Widriei mide a rapid rail and sCOnti a try lustore Warrinco, hid proprly got their eyfs open. The reverse act, d 113 a cold douche and five minutos liter Warrington wer, nn level terms as the outcome of a spirited attack. Fish was the scorer. Then Widnes diA another spasmodic bust and were two points ahe id a ;Ain as the recoil of a :lin irt drop kick float the foo,. (if LI .1:i 4in• F,41 enable.l Warrinit )a to retaliate, D ck nO.i this tote bein, the s trot' awl to make thifus doubly secure Fisi ran in anoth,q• tr.s, him- self. Tnen Widop‘s micle a d;iog spurt and obtained another two pJial9.

There was a spell of real cup--,ie vigour in the Second half, when Widnes mtde a determined effort to secure the mastery. Their chance was gone, however, for Warrington appeared to improve both in dash and com- bination. Three times was the vistors' line crossed,once by Fish and twice by the forwards, who playe i an uncommonly smut game a,.; this stage. Fish also kicked a goal, and Widnes being run to a standstill, the final caine with the score 20-7 in favour of the home club.

The result is a very creditabie one for the homester3, and for the first time this season they " rose to the oect- slots." Tne for wards,lighter than ever, knew what was expectei of them, and made efforts which surpasied anything done previously, and quitz turned the scale. ,Jarringtou's back division then had a day out. Fish himelf annexing 11 points, so that his record for th two last matches stands at 2 goals. 5 tries (19 points). It must not be imagined, however, that Warrington proved past form to be no criterion. Bating Widnes by twenty points to seven points does not make them a firw-clasi team, and it was plain that the weakness ot the visiting side had more to do with Warrington's surprising slleCTis than their own ability. There are still innumerable weak spots, and the only places that could not be bettered are full back and left wing.

Two or three forwards possessing bone and muscle of a different standard to that grown lora Warrington will have to be obtained. You can't rely on such reserves as thcal of Saturday for first-class football, and apart from the questiou of reserves the club at no trnie this season have possessed enough men to fill the forward positions creditably. We have five good forwards.at the most—the others want importing. And I am almost tired of reiterating the fact that a couple of three. quarters are required to make the middle line effective. Perhaps they will come soon—in Father Christmas's stocking may-be.

Warrington have a very weak team this season,and if Fish did not score so often and Hallam so freqnently pre- vent the olier side from sooting. we should have been at the bottom of the League by now.

ReZerring once again to last Satureay's match I must again compliment the two men just mentioned. They played a superb game and quite delighted the crowd with the finished exhibition they gave. Isherwood showed snne of his old form in defensive play but has not recovered the knack of getting throuh and making openings. It will come back to him no doubt. Hocken- hall was a complete failure. For some weeks he has been deteriorating and los; all title to his place by Saturday's display. Duckworth filled Bate's place very creditably, and in fact both half backs passed out better than any time before. The three-quarters were thus kept on the move and though not a class lot, they com- bined in a fashion which made the result a certainty for warringtou. Dickenson this time justified his selection and played a very promising game, though the char- acter of the opposing centres must not be forgotten. Kinsella was the pick of the Widnes team and gave an exhibition at full back which did him infinite credit. Baty was just as big a failure and seemed unable even to get out of the way when not waived. Aspey was Use most conspicuous man in a set of forwards who soon lost heart.

Runcorn v. Stockport', was tne only Lancashire Leagy.e match, and the ," Linnet's" again proved what a thoroughly good lot they are by beating the stronge3t: team Stockport could put in the field at Edgely Para, with Butterworth and Jolley still absentees.

The Lleo ',shire Lingua ttble up-'3o-dato is ag follows For. Agst.

P. W. L. D. (i: T. P. a- -'.C. P. P. Swinton Runcorn Oldham Rochdale Hornets 7... 4... 1... 2... 8 9 43... 7 5 29...1C St. Helens Leigh Broughton R'ng's 8... 4... 4... 0...10 6 38... 5 11— 43... 8 Stockport B. 3.. 4.:. 1... 4 9 35... 4 6... 26... 7 Warrington B.. 3.. 4... 1... 6 12— 48... 6 9 39... 7 Salford Millom Widnes B.. 2.. 6. 0... 6 5 27... 9 17— 69... 4 Wigan Barrow

--- The County match at Rochdale was a veritable triumph for the Lancashire nten who put on a record score of 21 points to 5 against the ot er-confident Tykes The latter placed too much reliance on the result of the Cheshire match when they swamped tit° Cestrians by 40 points. Lancashire gave themla rude awakening,and the disparity between the two sides was so great that YoLkshire are wondering bow they are ever going to get on even terms. There is no question whatever that the Lancashire system of back play is at present unap- proachable. Yorkshire have a lot to learn in this de. partment, and instead of quarreling with the rules they should endeavour to perfect their play and the rules would euffice.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A Local "Forward _Movement"

_ Anew movement for the improvement of the morals of the poorer classes was initiated by Mr. William Nightingale and an enthusiastic band of working men on Sunday evening, when a meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Winwick-street There was an encouraging attendance and a profit- able time was spent.Solos,recitals,&c.,were given in an excellent manner and an address was delivered by Mr. Nightingale in which he explained the ob- jects and needs of the movement. He said it was a temperance, social and religious movement.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.

THE HISTORY OF THE RUNCORN

FERRY. From Brindley to the Transporter Bridge. ---- Lecture by Mr. W. Handley.

Nontiatte feoin last Week.]

Tin ferry continued under such conditions for about 350 years, the Barony of Halton, having in the mean- while become merged in the Dachy of Lancaster. In the year 1399, bath Barony and Duchy became united to tnP Crown in th % person of Henry Boliubroke, the 15th Baron and Duke of Lancaster, by his accession to the Throne of England as Henry the' fourth. From that date tee ancient Ferry became vested in the Crown. The Order of the Knights Hospetalera was abolished by Henry VIII, at the general dissolution of the Monasteries and their propirtlea were cenfiscated by the King. The Barony of Haaton from that time has been administered by a seneschal or steward appointed by the Crown as •part of the Duchy of Lancaster. lam reminded from ' the account in the current local paper of the Halton Court Leet. held a ie al days ay.°, that this office is still in existence in the persou of Relent Davies Esq. (Warring- ton), whci has been tor many years the seneschal or steaard a the Queen as Baroness of Halton and Duchess of Lancaster. Ii the reigns of Queens Mary and Eta death this office was vested in Sir John Savage, of Rock Savege, and his heirs ; and, who, for a long series of years wag a faithful and trusted officer, deeervedy held in high favour by his sov,h.eign. It is therefore but a circumstance in aecerdance with the custom of those days to read that the whole of the Manors of Cheshire were in the possession of the S avage tamily,ostensibly as marks of Royal favour. In the manorial grant there was doubtless included the ancient Ferry of Runcorn. Oa the failure of the male line of the Savage family in 1728. the title and estates 'pissed with the distaff to the Cholmendeleys. They es Lords of the Manor, let the ferry on lease at an annual rental, though, up to the opening of the rail- way on the Lancashire side of the river this could not have been more than nominal. In the year 1828 the Duchy of Lancaster caused a survey to be made of the whole of the estuary of tee Mersey. The report which was issued, in th portioe relating to Runcorn, states : " that the Marqaie of Cnolmende ey wal the owner of the ancient ferry, road, and boat house, there being no slip or other accommoelatien provided for passeneers, who were landed on the open beach." In the portion relating to Widnes, it is stated that Mr William Hurst, the owner of the land on the Lancashire shore, also claimed an interest in the ferry and the adjoining marsh ; a right whin the Duchy co itesPed in the lew courts, obtaining a verdict in its favour, but Mr. Hurst appeared to have been granted a vested interest as the report goes en to state" Mr Hurst claims the strand under the West Bank, cuts such rock as be may require for his own use from it, and is paid tor all goods landed and placed there; but lithe goods are carted away immediately, toll for passing over his land only is enacted." The report further states: "The , terry belongs to the Marquis of Cholmondeley, but Mr Hurst and his tenants on the West Bank estate have the right to pass and repass without any payment" From a paragraph in Fowle.'s visitors guide published in 1834 be. is doubtful it a regular terry then existed, as it reed, "Persons may be ferried over the river at any hour of the day by applicatioraat the ferry office near the Baths." A description of being ferried across the river under present conditions would be little more than farcical, but waen Rencern was dependent on the ferry as its almost only way out, crossing the narrow stream proved to be not iefrequently an eventful voyage. A century ago a travel- ler thus described it. "To cross the Mersey near Runcorn by means of the ferry-boat is at any time tedious and inconvenient and in the boisterous weather of the perilous months of winter is teeth difficult and dangerous, and at times impracticable." Another writer a few yea: s later des Iribes it as " little more than an arm of the sea, the tide running throueh its narrow channel with such impetuosity th at at times at was difficult for ves,els to euey :heir rudders." Within tae memory of many yat living, and even subsequent to the onenine of tee railways, a weary and often dangerous avatic journey in the earls' hours of a chilly dark morning nad to be ma to to the Lancashire shore and a walk of some six or seven miles undertaken in order te jin the train at Rainhill for Liverpool or Manchester. Fey •ra at a later date we read in Fowler's Guide "By the Reneorn Gap Railway passengers may be conveyed daily to St. Helens, Manchester. or Liverpool. The train r starts every morning frem the office at Widnes Dock (the Iron Bridge) at seven o'clock, and every after- noon at a quarter'before three o'clock, an] returns from Sc. Helens and Sutton Bridga, bringing passengers from Liverpool and Manchester, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning and at aqu treer past three in the after- noon." Imaeine business or pleasure having to be con- ducted or enjoyed under such limited facilities. So re- cently as the year 1857 the following paragraph which appeared in a local paper can be scarcely read without raising a smile " On Saturday last we took tickets far Widnes %effete is the nearest station to Runcorn. We then had to walk about a mile, through streets the whole of which appeared to be suffering from some chronic distemper, judging from the state of the side waltra and roadway, until tee arrived at the brow of.. the slope leading to the Ferry, Here we had a choice two walks, both of which were in a disgraceful unfinished state, and their proximity induced the belief that the rival roads must be the bone of contention in the Local Board. It appeared to be low water when we wanted to cross. A notice outside the booking office warns. passengers that UnieS3 they leave Runcorn forty- five, minutes before the time at which the train leaves IV id. nes.,the Company will not guarantee that they will be in time. At low water the river runs in two deep streams, one close to each shore, After passing the first stream, passengers are landed oa a wet sandy bank, across which they have to paddle to the edge of the other stream, where the second boat awaits them to land them on the opposite shore." Trio writer adds " This will give some idea of the inconveniences to which the Rencornians are subjected when on their travels." (Laughter.) The last lease of the Ferry was granted by the Marquis of Cholmondeley to Gilbert Greenall, Eq., and others as representing the St. Helens Railway Compansaan extract from which may possess some little interest even at the present day. The indenture recites the leasing for twenty years from the 25th of March. 185, of " all that ferry or passage palled Runcorn Ferry over the River Mersey, as well as in Runcorn in the Cassette of Chester, as in Widnes in the County of Lancaster, with the passage through the ford there in case the same river be fordable, together with the boat hires, tolls, or sums of money for the carriage of passengers, cattle and goods, together with all other rights, members and appurtenances belonging to the Ferry, except and always reserved out of this pre- sent demise the lands called the beat lands, and also the liberty of passage for the said Marquis of Caolmonde- ley, his heirs and assigns, and his or their workmen,and servants, at all times in the terry boats, and for his and their carts and carriages throuih the ford." Both this lease and the interest of the Marquis in the ferry,coupled with the obligation to work and keep it open, were bougbt under Parliamentary Sanction in 1861 by the London and North Western Railway Company immed- iately prior to the commencement of the erection of the Bridge; since which date the Ferry has been supposed to be kept in working order in an efficient and satisfac- tory manner. The ferry boats in use at the time of the transfer were larger and more numerous than the ones at present in use. They were large open barges specially constructed not only for the conveyance of passengers, but also for the carriage of all kinds of goods cattle and merchandise. Thu were fitted with masts and sails and also with oars. The men who navigated them were selected because of their skill and experience of the changing currents of the river, and it was their pride that though the ferrying in boisterous and wintry I weather was hazardouseaccidente were unknown, it was a common occurrence for the Ferry cargo to include sheep,cattle,horaee,general goods,handcartssbarrows,and human passengers ; the latter being often called upon, and always willing to lend a hand at plying an oar in order to ensure a quicker passage. During the latter years of the construction of the Ship Canal, and also for some time subsequently to its opening,the ferry was and remained closed. Fearing that the ancient prescriptive right was in jeopardy the Widnes Corporation and the Runcorn Urban District Council decided to take joint legal action, but this was rendered unnecessary as the Ship Canal and the Railway Company came to an agree- ment and the" Ancient Ferry" was re-opened and the right preserved. A history of the " Ancient Ferry "

===== 0002601_19001109_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Telephone 2339.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Established 1519.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSE COVERS,

Made from White Woollen, Lined. with Canvas, Strapped and, Lettered. Size 6ft. x 6ft.

Price 15s. each

Cash or Reference.

HOWARD'S, 35, REDCROSS STREET, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_19001109_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
T E SPOKEN WORDS

oi those who have used Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and have been cured by them, are what we print. Note what distinguishes Dr. Williams' Pink Pills from an other remodies—it is what they have done, proved by independent enquiries, and that alone that we advertise, and always in the very words of the sufferer—

===== 0002601_19001109_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
„ KE OWN IN SHORTHAND a

THE WORDS OF A [LANCASHIRE THE WORDS OF A LANCASHIRE THE WORDS OF A LANCASHIRE THE WORDS OF A LANCASHIRE MAN. WOMAN. MOTHER. !GIRL.

Great interest and weight should attach to a state- ---- ---- ment made to an " Oldham Chronicle" A reeorter of the " B irroer News " learned the facts A Mancheqlr reporter called upon Mrs le,te Yexlev, Strange indeed was the narrative unfolded to a " Waie representative by Mr. Thomes Turner, of a remarkable affair, which are vouched Influenza at No. 1, Chemeers' Buildings, Jordan-icreet, Little rington Guardian" reporter during an 63, Hollins-road, Oldham. Mr. Turner for by the parties concerned. The re- of Peter-street, Gaythorn, and in the presence of her Rheumatism. interview with a young girl who resides is and a s.urdy, young mae in the early thirties. Gastric porter, acting on instructions, Proceeded sse..obd dauehter heard the following story : with her parents at 49, Ortord-Street, rudigestion. and far nine years he has been in the to the residenel of Mr. Atkinson, 9,South- On the 29th of April, 1898, I found it weessary to Warrington. Although only fourteen years of age she service of the Broadway Spinning Coin- Ulcer row. Rnose, and on arriving there was send for a doctor. I had been suff ling has had her fair share of trouble. Until about 12 months Paralysis tor s"rwl time from a terribly bad ceugh. ago she was as strong and active as any other gee cf her redly. at whose mill he is the under fortunate in finding that gentleman at en ineer. " Over two year ago," said Mr. Turner, " I home. Mr. Atkinson, replying to the Many times a day I got rid of large (pia,- age,when rheumatism developed suddenly in her feet and r: began to he troubled with vomiting after meals. This reporter's coestion, remarked that the matter concerned titles of phlegm. A (lector prescribed for me and knees, and eventually she found herself unable to walk, miserable cmdition gradually became worse, and I lost his daughter, who is in domestic employment near, and told me to send for a trained nurse. About the end of haying. of course, to give up her employment, which many a week's work through the weakness that it she, being sent for, very readily gave the reporter all May the doctor said I might go out, and I went a short was that of a weaver at Messrs. Armitage and Rigbe's brought about. I was under two doctors, but obtained the information he required, and a very frank consent distance,biu was glad to get home again; and then I did (Cockhedge Mills). Miss Alice Coupe (a daughter of no relief, and nearly everything I ate returned. I fret) the publication at the particulars. Miss Martha a bit of sewing, when,seedenly me hand dropped to my Mr. James Coupe, a well-known and respected mason) quentiv read in the newspapers about cures effected by Atle:nson said : Some months ago sh ) fell ill and dew- side A apd became usti-ss. MY husband fetch( d told her experience to the inquiring pressman in a Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.and eventually.on loped what appeared to be serious symptoms. She said another doctor, who prouounced me to be paralysed simple and graphic rm weer, "I have to thank a neigh- seeing a similar case to my own in a little book " I consulted a doctor, and was under his treatmeat for on the lie& side. He said I had hemorrl'ege or beur," she commenced, "for helping me over my issued by the proprietors of that remedy, I about three weeks, suffering from gastric ulcer, and some disease ma the brainond Imus'ibe rerto7e( ILt on difficulty, I was laid up for about a month with

===== 0002601_19001109_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Ic 0 t .A.t. 7 '1•••• S -tf . , , Y sltk •••e• • , • . .1. k ..t• • •

resolved to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and put- though I took medicine regularly my complaint chased a box slimly b.,fore last Christmas. Before i seemed to become more serious, and I had to leave had emptied that box I felt much better. Then I my place and return home. I could hardly walk about, got another box,but unfortunately about this time I was being almost doubled up with pain. I coula not retain down a fortnight with influenza. On recovering from any food, and felt terribly weak and depressed." that I resumed D.-. Williams' Pink Pills. I had six "And what did you do ? ' queried the reporter, for boxes altogether, mad they completely cured me. I you certainly seem to be in good health now. have not lost a day's work since, which is a considera- Here Mr. Atkinson broke in with: " Well, it was don to a man with five little children. I eat heartily due to me. I had read in the papers of Dr. Williams' and enjoy my food, and have not the slightest return of Pink Pills for Pale People, and what they had done for the old sickly fe ling. The doctors told me I had bron- many other invalids. They se mNi to have done good coitis, and on their advice I had a fire in the bedroom ; to a lot of young folk, suffering as she did, and I they said the ro im should always be kept at an even thought she should try them." temperature. But since I got rid of the sickness I have Miss Atkinson said : "I took two boxes of the pills not needed the fire." Mr. Turner's wife and mother and by the time I had nearly finished the second bcx I were present during the interview, and both bore out felt decided benefit from them. I continued taking the the statement be made. pills and feeling better and stronger."

which omits all reference to the several schemes which from time to time have been propounded for crossing the river care be se.reeiy cansidered complete. The first proposal of which there is any direct evidence was made in the year 1768 by Mr James Brindley whe was at that time engaged in the construction of the Bridgewater Canal. He had already completed the length connecting the Bridgewater Collieries at Worsley and Manchester and had successfully accornolished the then wonderful work of crossing the river Irwell at a considerable ele- vation above the level of its waters. A Loudon gentle- man who ins.de a special jeurney from the metropolis to see Brindiey's great eagineering work, thus describes I it under de of Septemb ir 30th, 1763. "Cis not long since I viewed tie arttti.sl ceriosities of L Indon. and j now have seen the natural wonders o( the Peak ; but none of them have giv,ri me so much pleasure as I now receive in suNeying the Duke ef Bri lee water's navigation in this country. His projector, the ineeatous Mr Brindled has indeed made such improvemeats in this way as are truly astonishing. At Barton Bridge he has erect.id a navigable canal in the air, for it is as high as the tops of trees. Wnilst I was surveying it with a mixture of wonder and delight four birges passed me in about the space of three minutes, two of. them being chained to- gether and dragged by two horses, who weut on the tetras of the canal, woereon, I must own, I durst hardly ' venture to walk, as la!most tremtled to behold the large , river Irwell underneath me, across which the navigation is carried by a bridge which contains upon it the canal of water with the barges in it, drawn by horses which walk upon the battlements of this extraordinary bridge.' Very likely Mr. Brindley encouraged by the success of his work conceived the idea of carrying his canal across the Mersey at Runcorn by a greatly enlarged elition of his Bartoa aqueduct, and on to Liverpool; plans of which he prepared and submitted in July, 1768 to a number of gent amen and merchants in Liverpool and Ruecorn. Want of financial support prevented its being carried out and the project was allowed to drop. In the year 1800, a somewhat c,lebrated London engineer, Mr. Ralph Dodd, submitted another scheme. 'Lois contemplated the erection of an arched bridge so constructed as to carry the canal and alse provide carriage and footways, but this ambitious proposal only shared the fate of it; predecessors. Mr. Dodd also made an alternative pan for the coustruction of a tunnel under the bed of the river, and a company was formed for its being carried out with Mr. Dodd as engineer, but difficulties arose amongst the promoters, and although a com- mencement is stated to have been made, the project was almost immediately abandoned. Thirteen years afterwards saw the birth of another proposal,and which so as not to interfere with the navigation of the Mersey boldly advocated a bridge of one span of 1,000 fee,-, brought down to the ground level on email side by sub- sidiary arches, and accompanied by what will be now considered the more singular proposal of paying for its cost of erection and maintenance out of the profits to be derived from the sale of the plentiful salmon, tante-

though anticipating mlthods of transit scarcely dreamt of 100 years ago, seems in its in- tended erection on the suspension principle to be a re- vival of Dumbell's suggestion, and relfora's design. Thus after an existence of over seven centuries the long suspended sword of Damocles is about to fall and an "Ancient Ferry," which from the days of the powerful Norman Barons has served a useful purpose will like "Monks Ferry," at Birk mhead, be but a memory of the past. We may, however, rest contented in full accep- tanco of the truth so tersely stated by the Sir of Chelsn:—"Tha old never dies till this happens till all the soul of gool that was ia it gets it ielf transferred into the oractical new." Votes of thanks to the lrcturer having been accorded on the motion of Mr. Bisbrown, seconded by Mr. Hutton,

Mr Nicholson, in place of Mr Wood, the engineer of the New Transporter Bridge, came forward and ex- plained the construction and working of the bridge. The audience were aided in the matter by a large work- ing model whica was also exhibited.

. . logs and other fish caught in it pellucid waters. ibis proposal emanated from a Mr. John Dambell of the Mersey Mills, Latchford, and succeeded in attracting such wide attention that the great bridge and toid engineer Mr: Thomas Telford, who had recently reconstrinted the Weaver Navigation, was instructed by a Se:ect Committee to draw up such a scheme with a report thereon as he could recommend. This resulted in his conception of wrought iron cable suspension 14ridge, practically approving and adopting Durnbell's suggestion of a single span. Full drawings and complete specifications of this he preparei, b.ath of which may be seen in the folio Atlas of his works, and its accompany-

A WARRINGTON MAN'S DELUSION'

jug report, and which by his direction were published by his executor after his death. A publication which is a noble testimony to Telford's inventive genius, con• structive ability and unwearying devotion to his pro- fession. Though for reasons fully set out in his report, this design was not carried out, he, as it seems, regret- fully remarks "Though the project was aban- doned I recommended a bridge on similar principle over the Menia Straits, and this after much discussion, was adopted by Parliament." Although Runcorn was not honoured as the site of the first suspension bridge erected in England it can claim to have been the birth place of its design. On comparing Telford's plan for his Runcorn Bridge, anyone must be of opinion from the rnaoy points of semblance that with necessary adapta- tions to another site the Runcorn design was erected and is still spanning the Monis. Straits and connecting the mainland with the Isle of Anglesey. In 1817 Telford WAS again consulted by the committee and he undertook to revise his scheme but with the exception of substitut- ing wood for iron in some of its minor details, with the

, .. view of reducing its cost he presented again his first plan, and though its erection would have greatly added to his fame, lie was so impressed with the belief that its

probable limited utility as compared with the great road from the Midlacd3 to the North byway of Warrington,

would not justify so large an expenditure, that he would not advise the carrying out of his plan, although again and again appealed to. The next proposal was em- bodied in an Act of Parliament obtained in 1846 by the Grand Junction Railway Co., since merged in the Lon- don and North-Western Railway Co., but as the pro- posed bridge was only intended for railway traffic, and was never proceeded with further reference is unneces- sary. The propozal was, however revived by the Rail- way CQmpany in 1861 on improved lines. and in 1868 exactly a century after Brindley's in- terview with the Liverpool merchants with his plan of a Mersey Aqueduct the London and North Western Railway Company's combined railway and footbridge, was opened for public traffic. So recently as the year 1893. Sir Douglaa Fox prepared and sub- mitted a ple.n of a vehicular bridge which be proposed erecting about 50 feet to the east of the present struc- ture. In its general features it was intended to be a replica of it, but although strongly advocated, and brought under the notice of the Lancashire and Cheshire County Councils the project was allowed to drop. Again exactly a century after the first suggestion of a road bridge across the Mersey a Runcorn there is a new proposal "a ferry in the air," which

DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PUB PEOPLE enrich and purify the blood and strengthen the nervous system, so curing many forms of disease such as Anmitia, "Decline," Consumption Eczema, Indigestion, Palpitation. of the Heart, Rheumatism, St. Vitus Dance, Sciatica and !Paralysis, nervous disorders in men, and ailments from which only women uff Jr. 'They are not purgative' and contain no ingredient that could harm the most delicate. They are 801(1 by chemists everywhere, but snood only be acceptel in boxes bearing the full name, Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills for Pala People' (saveu words on the wrapper ) ; sent also, post tree, by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, at 2s 9d. a box, or six boxes tor 13i. 91.

to the lofirma,rv. When I had beel nen about a week rbeumeism, and I vain'y used embrocations, cod-'iver I heard the doctors and the young students talisine, oil, and other remedies in trying to obtain relief. Then round my bed. They were talking about my case. I the naighbour I have mentioned told me of D. Williams' could not speak, although I could hear them. After the Pink Pills for Pale Peonle.and I resolved to try tbem,and seventh week they said I was to go to the C iparile alter the first 60X I found I was regaining my strength Convalescent 113(110. I remained there eight weeks, and after I had had three boxes I was able to return to I still continued an out-patient of the Infirmary. About my work. I have bad two boxes since, and lam now 12 months ago I read in an evening paper about a pe:- as well Is ever." son residing in Deare-!ane, Newton Heath, havine been Questioned by th. reporter, she said she had to dis- cured ef paralysis by taking Dr Williams' Pink Pills for continue her work at the mrds for about two Pale People, and directly afterwards I determined te months, being compelled to take to her bei tor some try a box. I took three boxes, and then found that my weeks, and was unable to eat anything prepared for power of speech was gradually coming back. I have her. Teen she began to take the pills, and she was bad two boxes since—tlve bikes altogether. I soon 1-zot soon able to get downstairs. Now she is as active as to speak a'ra-ist as well as I do now. I ieel better nos ever, both in the mill and at home, and she declares that than I did two years ago. she shall always feel crateful to Dr. Williams' Pink rills which she evidently highly appreciates.

land all the circles of his acqeaintance. The mortal remains of tne late Mr Lieler were in- terred at Runcorn Cemetery on Monday afternoon amid every manifestation of respect. The cortege left the deceasei's late residence about 2 15 and prooeoeed to St. Paul's Caurch, where the first portion of the burial ger- vcc was impressively conducted by the Revs Alfred Weds and J Barnett Fos' er. Mr W Cooke,A.R.C.O..wae at the organ,and as the collie was borne into the church he played' 0 rest in the Lord." When the opening passages of the burial service had been read the hymn " Jesto, lover of my soul," was sung. This was followed by a short address from the Rev A Wells in the course of which he referred to the sterling character of the de- ceased, and spoke of him as one of God's unrecorded and unproclaimed workers. The Rev J Barnett Foster offered a shore extempore prayer, the mourners and friends then moved from the church towards the ceme- tery, the organist meanwhile playing the Dad March in "Saul." Leading the way in the procession were— Messrs A R Norman, T Simister, T Boo•e, R R twlinson, C Nicholls, J W Booth,W Burten,W H Munday (Wigan), J T Nutter, W R Howson, J Burgess, W Parker, George Hathbole, G A.nkers, Captain T Anderson, J Ralph Hill, W Niarsden, J D oug.las, J Dough., jun.. W Sutton, John Pritchard, W Shaw, 8 Coventry, J T Robinson, T Woods, J W Temperley, J Dot-on, J Nay- lor, A Dutton, C Dirchfield, R Marsh, J T Percival, Dr Robinson, T Fleath, A Riley, W Criughali, F Beck, W Handley, W Hickman, and G Cropper. Next came thts hearse and bearers, viz. : Messrs SIMUCt Walk v, Joseph Glea,e, T Riley, John Hewitt (members of tile " Lily ,af the Valley " Lodge). these were fol- lowed by Messrs Jahtl Holt, Joseph Hewitt, William Hodgetts, Alfred Derbyshire, J Nioboils, Walter Worth- ington, Charles Basnett, John Griths.El Nild,J Jenes, W Edward Thomps on, William Ford arri R ote‘rt E yaps, also members of the "Lily of the Valley " Ledge. Teen came a number of carriages. The first contained the Rev. Alfred Wells, Rev J B Foster, and Dr P./cDoueall. In the second were Mrs Littler ( wide w),Messrs G W Littler S Littler, C Littler, William Littler (sons), and Miss S E Littler (daughter). Ihe third coach contained Messrs. Walter Littler (Son), Bessie and 13rtha Littler (daughters), Mrs S Collier, and Mrs W Marsh (deceased's sisters), and Mr IV Marsh (brother-in- law). In a fourth conveyance there were Mrs T Littler, lace (sister-in-law), Mrs 8 Litt.er.(dauehter-in- law), Mrs S Jones, Ince Mrs J Faulkavr, Mrs T Parry. Mrs E Owen, and Airs P Fieldes (nieces). 'A fifth carriage contained Messrs IV J Littler,W Parry, T Parry, J Faulkner (nephews). Miss E Watson, Hull (niece), and Mr F Duncalf. A sixth carriage, wh.ch brouzlit up the rear, contained Messrs it Morris, J Evans, F J Adams, of Birkenhead; T J Kirkham. and G Cropper. The pro- cession was marshalled byMessrs J W Woodland and J W Bszley. Oa arrival at the cemetery the coffla was borne to its lass resting-place by the sons of the deceased. The Rev A Wells concluded the service accord- ing to the form prescribed by the Wesleyan Methodist Church, and subsevectly Bin Walter Worthington read the usual service of the Othifellows' society. The solemn obsequies concluded by the singing of" Rook of Ages, cleft for me " and the Benediction by the Rev J Barnett Foster. Wreaths were contributed by the members of the" Lily of the Valley" Lodge. "Walter and Amy," Mr and Mrs Booth, Mr and Mrs Nicholls and family.

An elderly man named William Walter Arthur, who said he came from Warrington, appeared at Oldham on Wednesday, charred with wandering whilst of unsound mind.—Police Constable Potts said that on Tuesday night he observed the prisoner in Hudde,sfild-road, and in reply to a question he said that people were running after him to shoot him.—Prisoner : I have been suffering id-hellth,and I called at:the Town Hall, where the police laughed at me.—The Clerk : Where do you come from?— Prisoner : I have been lodging in Warrington ter the last five months. I have been in America several years. —The Clerk : Why did you come to O'dham Prisoner : To get away from parties who fo.liwedjme across the Atlantic.—The Chairman : Did you have them in America P—Prisoner : It is impossible to leave people like these who move about.—The Chairman sent him to the Workhouse to be exanained,and his friends at Warrington will be communicated with.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS OF PERSONS, testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism. Try one box; if not satisfied, money returned. Is lLd all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps.-IFIOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLECKHRA.TON, YORKS.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNBSS

BYBSIG-HT RE3TORID.—DISBASES OF THB F.YII CURBD without operation. Book with full par- iculars, free by post on rnentioninz this paper.-- Address W. MELLOR, Bye Specialist. 236,0xf ord road,Manchester.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Buckley-street P.S.A. Society.

The open meeting in connection with the abovv slciety was held in the chapel on Sunday afternoon. M Barton who occupied the chair, gave an addres9, which W.iS listened to by a large congregation .The chief feature of the afternoon was the excellent music provided by tbe L?gh-strent Primitive Methodist choir, under the leadership of Mr Albert Spruce, and, needless to say, it was greatly appreciated. The following anthems were given •—" Kyrie Deison," " Gloria," and " Like as a Father." Mr. F. Podmore presided at the organ. Solos were given by Miss A. Shaw, Miss Bridge, and Mr. A. Spruce, and a duet by Misses Spruce and Hewitt. A clarionet solo was contributed by Mr W Ford, accom- panied by Mr. A. Trow.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Memorial Window at Christ Church,

Latchford.

At the morning gletvice on Sunday at Christ Church, Latchfora, the new west window, dedilated to the memory of the late Mrs Malin Edeigen, of Quirnfield, Grappenhall, was unveiled. Toe window, which has been placed in the church by Mr. Malin Eielsten, repre- sents the scene in the House of Bethany,in which Mary Magdalene anoints the feet of our Lord. The deign has be3n chastely and artistically executed. The ser- vice was conducted by the Vicar,the Rev F A Screeton. The usual service of morning prayer was f Alowed to the end of the versiclea and responses, when special collects were recit3d. 'rho choir sang the anthem" Wnat are these ?" (Steiner), and after the singing of a hymn the clergy and choir proceeded t 3 the west end of the church, where the ceremony of 'unveiling the window took pace. Dediea.tory prayers were said,and the choir and clergy returned singing the " None Dimittis."—The sermon was preached ty the Vicar, who referred to the good works of the late Mrs Elelsten and said they re- j Aced in being privileged to jAn in paying this tribute of regard to one whose memory was still green and fragrant. They had made their offering, to God and His Church, and solemnly dedicated this tangible and lasting memorial to the revered and honoured dead on this anniversary, which lent to their ceremonial a singu- lar and pathetic propriety.

Warrington and the Indian Famine. A meeting of the Indian Famine Fund Committee was held on Tuesday evening,at the Town Hall,for the purpose of receiving the accounts and closing the fund. His Worship the Mayor presided.and re- ported that the total amount of subscriptions was £1,347 14s lid; bank interest,Xl 103 id ; payments. £5O 5.411 d; remitted to the Lancashire County Fund, £1,301 193 id, His Worship moved that the state- ment of the receipts and expenditure as submitted be approved and explained that the ac-ounts had been audited by Councillor Bennett.—Mr. Picks- vance seconded, and the motion was agreed to.— His Worship explained that, in spite of the de- mands made upon Warrington in other directions, the receipts this year for the fund exceeded the subscriptions in the year 1897, when there were no local calls of anything like the magnitude of those which had drisen during the past twelve months.— The amount contributed to the fund in 1897 Was £1,204 18s and £155 were paid direct It spoke volumes for Warrington that the feeling of in- terest in this particular matter had been so admir- ably shown by the townspeople. He believed they were really the only town in Lancashire where the subscriptions this year equalled the subscriptions in the year he had named. Tbat was eminently satis- factory. In conclusion, his Worship expressed hisl personal indebtedness to the Hon. Secretary, the Borough Treasurer, and especially to his valuable assistant, Mr Boyle, who, he said, had done the bulk of the work. He had rendered most valuable assis- tance, and had greatly facilitated the work of the committee. (Hear, hear, and applause.) A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Mayor for his _services on the proposition of the Rev. Father Whittle,seconded by Mr J W Hayward, J.P.In reply, his Worship said that what he had done had been a labour of love to him. His labour had been made exceedingly light by the valuable assistance he had had from the two gentlemen on his right and left.

LAMPS, On Stoves, Coke Stoves.—S. S. Gasman D,51, to 65, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. FURS. w. T. Williams has just received a choice Stock of Furs, New Autumn Millinery. Gloves, Skirts Sac, 74, SANKEY-STRE:ET, Warrington.—Advt. PATTISON AND PERKINS for JACKETS, Golf Capes, Macintoshes, etc.-17, SANEY-STREET —Advt. ASR. or CUNNINGHAM.' HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WAT ER S—Ad

UNDER THE CLOCK on GOOD BOOTS. —Ads, BRASS FENDER Suites ani Coll Vases in large variety.--J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-streEt.—Advt.al

ASK for CIINNINCIHAWS HIGH-CLASS MINKRAL tiATERS.—Advt BIiST BOOTS FOB ALL, UNDER THE CLOCK.—Ant

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREBT.—Advt. ,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF PROMINENT WESLEYANS.

Funerals of the Late Mrs Pearson and the Late Mr. W. Littler.

The Nir,s!eyan Circuit of Runcorn has been placed in mourning through the death last week, of two of its rnmbers, anl oa Sunday last so-c:al hvinna and the anthem," Win are thee arrayed in white," were sung as an expression ot sy npathv with the bereaved rela- tivCs. In ch..? mlroin..4 tee Rev H Al)rrison was the preacher, and at nigh'. the R 4v A Wt 3113 (Saperinteadent) officiated. Toe evening sermon was especially telling aod helt?ful to the m.iurners. inasmuch as it dealt with Our Lard Jesus Christ as [h'" Ave of the Promises." The Late Mrs. Pearson.

Shortly after 233 on Saturday afternoon a solemn coetega left the Runcorn Police Superintendent's resid- ence, Mersey-street, escorting the mortal remains of Mrs M Pearson, (mother of our respected townsman Superin- tendent Pearson) to thPir last resting place at Runcorn Cemetery. All along the route blinds were drawn and other manifestations of heartfelt sympathy were indicated in honour of the deceased's memory The procession was beaded by :—Members of the Run- corn Division Police Force, viz., Constables McLeod. Edwards, Wilson and Gilpin (in uniform), Wylie Wild- ing.Nicholls. Bowyer, Bratt, R3wiands, Rigby, S newt Gill (divisional clerk), Inspector E C Hicks ; public men and tradesmen, Sergeant Instructor Callaghan, Dr J B Delaney, Messrs. R.ibert Wright, W Hankinson, Captain Heasley, T C Price, H Grundy, R Garnett, J Yates, W Holmes R Boardman, T Pendlebury, T Crosby, J Grady, J Winfield, C Tomkins, M Conway, W J Molyneux, Prescott, T Tudor, W Farrell, itlrl., Captain Hill, J Bon- field ; Captain John Ellis, J Taylor, J Dixon, H Miller, G U Kirkbam, Geotge Horsefield ; the hearse and bearers, viz., Sergeants Brewster, Cooper and Gregory, and Acting-Sergeant Carrington ; carriage containing Dr McDougall (deceased's medical attendant), and the Rev Alfred Wells ; first mourning coach, containing Inspector Robert Pearson (eldest son). Miss Mary Pearson (eldest daughter), Superintendent David Pearson (third son), Mrs George Bright (second daughter), and Master James D Pearson (grandson), second mourning coach, Mrs Agnes Olive youngest daughter), Sergeant John Pearson (f ourth son), Mr George Bright (son-in-law), Mrs Sarah Pearson (daughter-in-law); Master David Olive (grandson), third mourning coach, Mrs John Pearson (daughter- in-law), Captain John Garrett, Mr R obert J Pearson (grandson), Mrs Catherall, Master David Bright and Master George Bright (grandsons), On arrival at the Cemetery the body was borne into the Nonconformist Chapel, where the Rev Alfred Wells con- ducted the first portion of the burial service. The body was then borne to the grave, when the Rev. A. Wells concluded a mcst impressive service. The coffin was literally enveloped with floral tributes contributed by the following :—Mr and Mrs Pearson, Rhyl ; Mr D Pear- ion, Miss' Pearson, and Mrs Olive. Runcorn ; Mr and Mrs Pearson, St. Asaph; Mr and Mrs Bright, Rainhill ; Robert, May, Maggie, Lily, James, (grandchildren), Rhyl ; David o:ive, (grandson), RUBCDrII ; Mrs Cattier- all, Queensferry ; Inspector Hicks, Runcorn : Police of the Runcorn Division ; Mr and Mrs Hayes, Overton ; Miss FIUISP, Winsford ; Mr Tomkinson, St. Asaph ; Mrs Weaves, S. Asaph ; Mr and Mrs Patty, Prestatyn ; Mr and Mrs Hayes, Boole. Chester ;Mr and Mrs Roberts, St. Asaph ; Mr and Mrs Taylor, Runcorn ; Mrs Scott, Tunstall ; Mr and Mrs Duckett. Runcorn ; Mr J E Towers, Southport ; Mr Scott, St. Helens ; Captain John Garrett, Connah's Quay; Mrs Boughton, Runcorn. Deceased was 76 years of age.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Mr. William Littler.

With deep regret we have to record the death after a lengthened illness, of Mr. William Littler, of 16, Leinster- gardens, Runcorn, who succumbed very early on Friday morning. The deceased gentleman was born on the 27th of September, 1841. He c mi. to Runcorn to prosecute lus trade in 1864, and while following bis employment at West Bank Dock, Widnes, sustained an accident which compelled him to relinquish his calling. On his recovery he accepted an appointment at the Runeorn Post Office, there being at that time only two postmen for the whole town, and in addition to deliver- ing letters they met the trains for mails and emptied the pillar boxes. Being possessed of indomitable energy and perseverance, he filled up his time by working on Runcorn Bridge, then in course of erection, and supply- ing milk and grocery to his numerous customers. He commenced as an insurance agent to the Prudential Assurance Company in 1859, maintaining his connection with that society up to the time of his death. He identified himself with the public life of the town, being for many years an esteemed member of the Runcorn Burial Board prior to their work being taken over by the Disttict Council. Shorcly after settling in Runcorn he assisted in the formation of a branch of the Grand United Order of 0 tifellows, known as the "Lily of the Valley," No. 575, which has th.cl an unbroken career of prosperity, and now numbers more members I than any lodge in the neighbourhood. •He filled various , offices in connection therewith, and held the position of treasurer at the time of his death. From boyhood to early man hood he was a singer in Norton village Church, but on removal to Runcorn he attended some special services being held at Old Brunswick, and afterwards became a member of the Wesleyan Methodist body. To- day there are many who will recall how zealously he entered into the work of open air missions, sick visiting, and other kindred efforts, thereby exerting a far-reach-I ing influence in raising the moral tone of the people. His sterling and consistent character won for litm the respect and confidence of all classes, while his genial disposition made him a favourite with old and young alike. He was a good husband and father, the interest and well-being of the home and family ever occupying the first place in his thoughts. Few men, if any, were better known in Runcorn than was the deceased gentle- man, and although owing to his long illness he has been for some time practically retired from the activities of his earlier life, he was not forgotten, and many friends sought him out, enjoying the pleasure of a few minutes conversation in refreshing old memories. He was a staunch teetotaler, and ever most strongly advocated the principles of total abstinence, which he believed to be necessary for the well-being and gener,l uplifting of the people. In politics he was an ardent Liberal, ever to the forefront in the interests of his party. As an in- stance of this, it may be mentioned that on the occa- sion of the recent general election he remained in bed the day previous to reserve strength which would enable him to go to the poll and record his vote. His was a type of character of which there are sadly too few and whose loss will be severely felt by his sorrowing family

===== 0002601_19001109_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;,.•; 4 „

===== 0002601_19001109_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
t t ;

•

i 1, 'll

i

,

## A`.-

I,g. fo'

r,At j I

t 4 ,

.

7.060b1C;

"

===== 0002601_19001109_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Efir "Grainintr " Retrits

THE " WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." ',abashed every 6aturday morning. T" EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Friday afternoon. Tim "ST. BELENS EX.AMINER," published every A_ Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning.

T" WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 .. Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 45 54 The aliove ch rges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES To BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

===== 0002601_19001109_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Dommtr oeibanis.

WANTED Plain COOK, nr experienced GENERAL. part washing.-16g, PRINCEi-1131.D. Liverpool.

V 1 itSl-CLAS SERVANT in great demand. apply MAs. LAMBERT, 10, Aigburth-vale, Sefton Park, Liverpool. WANTED, SituatiGn- as HOUSRKBEPER to working. man.—Address 30, NRIVISHAM-STREET. Leylimd, Preston.

A GOOD way to get a nice SERVANT. call or write to 111 Mies HARIMSoN, 6, Oldham-street Manchester. Estab- lished 1862.

WANTED good GENERAL, 18 or 20, for family of four, No Wasting.- 36, L&N3I.9,LLE-FIJAD, Sefton Park, Liverpool.

FLIME REGISTRY for SERVANTS, good situations of all kinds vacant.—Write to Mrs, Immus, 3, Lowther- street, Liv-rpool.

WANTED Gi NERAL, (good), age about 25, where a help is kept ; emally family.— Address SARDYCHOFT, Hale- road, Altrincham.

WANTED, good PLAIN COOK, English Protestant,— Write all particulars. No registry—Address KERFoe D New Brighton.

WAN iED immediately, HOUSEMAID-WAIT/a:WS ; wages £2o.—Apply Miss HUDSON' diegistry, Irlam- street, Warrington.

WANTED, good GENERAL ; ;plain cooking; three in faraily ; wages £lB.-26), GREAT CLOWEB-STICEET, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT, general house- rk and able to wash.—Apply R PeioFFITT's Studio, Cbureb street, Accrington.

WANTED Superior SERVANTS good wages and homes. MRS FRAIId& Seymour Registry, 10, Seymour-grove, Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT; comfortable home ; good wages; help given .—Apply to Mrs. WEB- '.ioP. Camden Lodge, Bridgnorth, Salop.

WANTED GENERAL 16 or 17; must be early riser; ono from Country preferred.--34, HAMILIES-RJAD, near Sefton Para Station. Liverpool.

; three in family ; V must be able to cook and an early riaer.-16. ifurrmv-Roan. Fairfield, Liverpool.

WANTIM COOK-GESEdAL ; good situation in centre of Warrington; no washing ; wages £lB.—Mias Iluriox, 19. Iriarn•Etreet, Warrington.

Wu, ; able to wash; another maid kept; wages £lB to 220.—Miss HUDSON. 19, Iriam-street. Warrington.

-vy ANTED, good PLAIN COOK at once ; age 30-40; small family; good character Indispensable.—Mrs RICHARD- SON, Gorphwysia, Bangor, North Wales.

MISS ADELAIDE GARDNER'S SERVANTS REGISTRY 110, Falkner•etreet, Liverpool, clogs() to Grove-street. Electric Cars—Situationa Vacant—write.

WANTED COOK GENERAL, small family, housemaid kept, good wages, Protestant, reference, age 25 to 2.5. —S., 12, (..)2rFoßt-Roeu, .dirkdale, Southport. ITA/CTED, GENERAL SERVANT; state age and wages V required and send reference to Mrs. BREIITAALL, Thorn Sauk, Heaton Moor, near St,ckport.l

WANTED, General SHRVADIT or Useful bell), for family of three, small washing. wages £l2 to £l6,references, Praestant. 3.5,.11Ea.T00 Yit,ort-RoAD, near Stockport.

WANTED. GENERAL (early in December); small family ; no children ; no washing ; good references required..—Apply, by lettcr, 2), NoIITHEIDEN-ROAD Sale.

RESPECTABLA SERVIVYJCS with good refer uces want tug situntions should write GOoDWIN's REGISTRY, 21, Princess-atrEet, Rusholme, Manchester. stamp for reply.

WANTED, good young GENERAL SERVANT, family of three; good character indispensable. Apply for par- ticulars Mrs DIxoN, Wesley.o Manse, Rishton. Blackburn.

-WANTED by COOK situation where kitchenmaid is kept: middle-aged; or as Housekeeper. Apply to Mrs BARROW, do R. H. Venable & Kyrke, Esq„ clantyffrith, Wrexham.

NATANTSD, good GENERNL ; two in family; must have grod references—Apply. with full vartieu lars, Mrs. JvNES• Poplar Grove, Grove-road, Wallasey, Cheshire. iv° agents.

lATAVTED, Uool{B, HOUSEIMAIDd, WAITRESS/I:4 TV &a., for Manchester ; beet plices ; excellent wages ; letters anawere.i.—Mtss HAFtlaisoN, 6, Oldham-street, Man- chester. Established 1862.

WANTED, COOK-GENERALS, Generals, Nurse House- maids. Housemaid-Waitresses. Houseuaalds, Parlour- maid-Waltresses. Young Generals. Middle Servants— numerous vacancles.—MS. SHEPHERDS' East Rad Registry, 3. Poli-street, Preston, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
EVL an t

NV-ANTED. APPRBNTICH to Ironmongery business.— App4 GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.

WANTBD, two smart YOUTHS, for office work.—Apply by letter only to IticnmoND:tarn Co.,Ltd.,VV arrington.

BRILLIANT PI 41,115 T for Evening Parties.—Mr. Cammits GARDNER, 110, Faliiner-street, Liverpool; 6s. ; country towns rail fares extra.

WAR MEDALS WANTBD. dated 1843. or earlier, £2 picen ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Firket, Atbara Mashona. Matabele, .c.—MAJOR Touts, Droitwich.

h‘rinYPOKLENE " A. perfect substitute for Tur- pentine for oleanirg Type, Lithographic Stones, Hollers, /to.; absolutely non-inflAmmable, and thelefore safest. 40-Gall. Barrels, is. 40. 10-Gall. Drums, is. 7d. 40-Gall. Barras. Is. 6d. OTTO " GAS BNOISH OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, le. 6d. Per Gall. Carriage Paid, Bole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THB RH:LUNCH LUBRICATING OIL 00., 19, & 20, WATlitt-LANII GRICAT TOWEIL-STREHT, LONDON, B.C.

T. CLARKE. • " EXAMNEL, " OFFICE,

331 1111ARKET ST., EARLESTOWN STATIONDE, NEWSAII-13NT, &c,, &C. LADIES SATCHELS. PURSES, and a large Variety of other Articles useful and rnarnetdal always in Stock. AGENT F U THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL SSUP.A.NCE SOCIETY.

DOOR CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS TREAT, WARRINGTON'. ME PUBLIC are RESPEUMLLY INFORMED that SUBSCRIPTIONS in aid of this object may be paid to any mtcaber of the Committee, to the National Provincial Bank, or to

HENRY TAYLOR. P.C.M. (Hon. Sec.) W. H. J. JENKINS (lion. treas.)

ITANIND, two GaIsTIPIALS ; one for Stockport, one for V Manchester.—Apply 312, STRETFORD-ROAD, blanches-

V WANTBD immediately GBNBRAL SIIRVANr ; wages, W SuTruN,Leasowe Side farm, Wallasey,

Cheshire.

Aums

WANTED at 01130 an Experienced COOK GREBEAL also t. oat emaid Waitress.--apply. WYNNSTAY HOTEL.

A,XT ANT 13 D GOOD :GENERALS, Housemaids, and Cook Y Generals at once, Mrs. DICSINSO2O3, Registry, 3, Ntrawberry Bank, Blackbtua. MrANTED at once, respectaNle GIRL. 17 or 18. as general no washing, good home, liberal wages. Apply G, 66 Virginia-street. tiouthport -

\\T ANTBD COOK GBNER&L, able to wash. Family three. Good ;wages.—Apply Mrs. COSGRAVE, Brad- shaw-brow. Bolton.

ANTI4I). COURI-GliNifltAL, country or Widnes Girl preferred ; abka to wash and iron ; help given.—Apply Airs. GORNALL, ItibbleBdale, Grappenhall.

NATANT) at once COOK General and Housemaid V Waitress : small family : good references required : no washing. Address K., Bryn Derwen, Old Colwyn.

NIVANTED *GENBRAL, good Protestant, for family o two. Country Girl preferred.—Apply stating wage and references to 73. EUSSELL•ROAD, Smithdown-road, Liver

WANTED at once, Strong GIRL, able to wash; Comfort- able home; only two in family • wages £l3.—Mrs. ALLAN, OriCketers' Ina, A tockpott-road, Arlwiok, klauclos- to& 4

litittiO, flpOrool ijoaratng 05tabB.

gDbarto.

&writs, Zllstnesoeo, ett.

rilo LT a barge Lock-up 8110 P ; rent "is 6d per week.— Apply J. STuniGhnt, Hairdresser, Barli-3t., Karlestown.

ST. JOHN'S Boys' School, Blackburn.—Wanted, Assistant (Female), art 0 or 52, for StAndard 111. or IV.; sing- ng. old notation. Salary according to experle rice.—Apply NAM&

WANTRD.—FEMALE COMPOSITOR (competent). Age over 18. Apply, PX&MINER OFFICE, Warrington.

WANTED, GRNERAL SERVANT, to wasb.—Mrs. HEATON. Ormskirk-road, PembArton, Wigan.

JpIiFRESHMENT-ROOMS to be Disposed of, in a busy .11., part of Leeds, doing a good trade, with good accom- modation for eight or ten lodgers; ill-health cause of leaving. —Apply for particulars 9,4021X-firI4EXT. Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
kalt4 bp Vrtbate trratp.

T 114.4, EXA 'AIN-ER. FRIDAY, NOIT,EMBER 9 1900

===== 0002601_19001109_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutely pure, being entirely free from kola, malt, hops, alkali, or any foreign admixture Caution I The publie should insist on haying CADBURY'S —sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra pro.—Advt. (4)

'

===== 0002601_19001109_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
LONSD A bE'S

"MAG_NETAIRE" BELTS.

A Blessing to Huramity.—What can I do to remove this cmetant, irritating feeling and lack of energy and brilliancy? It is a question often asked, and there seems no reply at once so safe and simple as Electricity. The forms of Electricity which are of the greatest utility are the indaced or Faradic current and the "Magnetic cur- rent," as utilised in the "Aiignetaire," and are, therefore of most interest to ordinary people, who naturally ask : "Will this renew the energies of those who are in a low state of health ? Will it cure disease?" The twofold question can be confidently answered in the affirmative. Take first, the people who can hardly be said to be really ill, but who are worn and fagged. Preachers, Writers, men of business, politicians, all brain workers who live in a condition of excitement and strain, belong to this class. Now for these people, worried, fevered, restless, sleepless, the Magnetaire is simply one of the best sedatives and restoratives known. It will calm, soothe, vitalise, and produce that requisite sense of exhilaration which is the invariable accompaniment of perfect health. People whe get into this languid, de- jected condition do not need medicine; they require re- cuperation. Even, if they suffer from liver or kidney complaints, which induce great depression of spirits, the "Magnetsire" will do them far more good than pills or potions.

MR. R. LONSDALE,

MEDICAL ELECTRICIAN, LONDON

CAN BE CONSULTED DAILY AT 371 BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON (MR. SIMCOCK'S, WATCHMAKER) UNTIL

===== 0002601_19001109_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10TH, 1900.

Hours of Attendance :—Morning, 10 to 1 ; Afteraoon. 3 to 5; Evening, 6 to 8. Mr. Lonsdale will be glad to visit invalids who are unable to call at his rcoms.

Patients who cannot arrange personal consultations are requested to communicate by letter. New Edition of Pamphlet containing Price List and full particulars, may be had on application.

RECENT WARRINGTON TESTIMONIALS.

RE HARK ABLE CURES.

FORMATION IN THE LRFT SIDB. 6, New-street. Howley, Warrington. November Ist, 1930. Dear Sir.—T was suffering with my side when my husband decided that I should try your Magnetaire Appliance. I feared that an operation would be neces- sary to remove a large lump that had gradu ally formed. But. lam very pleasel to state that your Electric Belt had a most marked effect upon me, my side is now quite strong and the lump entirely gone. I feel very thankful to you.

I remain, Yours Sincerely, (Hrs.) W. STACEY. 3Ir.R. Lonedale,

PALPITATION OF THE HEAR r, POOR CIRCULATION. FEET COLD AS STONES. 153, Harrowby-street, Farnworth, November sth, 19J0, Dear Sir,—l procured a Magnetairm Appliance from you when I was ill with Palpitation of the Heart, Poor Circulation, and feet as cold as stones. The first night I used it there wia a great change. The circulation increased rapidly, and I was able to follow my bmploy- meat in comfort. The benefit I derived from the Belt I shall never forget.—Yours JOHN T. MITTON. Mr. IL Lonsdale, M.B.

lILCBRATHD STOMA.OI-I.—PIMMANENT CURL 33, Keighley-road, Ovenden, November 6, 1900.

Dear Sir,—When I visited you I was in a bad state of health. suffering from ulcerated stomach, vomiting, and very weak. I was greatly reduced—several stones less in weight. You fitted me up with a Magnetaire Belt, which had a wonderful effect upon me. I aerived benefit in a short time, and eventually got cured of the ulceration. With many thanks,

I remain, yours truly, JOHN CLAYTON,

Mr. B. %Lansdale, MX.

LUMBAGO.

15, Woodbine Terra?,e, Stockton Heath. Warrington. November let, 1900.

Dear Sir,—Before using your Maguetaire Belt I suf- fered much from Lumblgo. I am pleased to say that It was the means of restoring me to health and, can there- fore strongly recommend your appliances. Yours faithfully, RICHARD SHACKLETON. Mr. R. Loasdale, M.E.

PARALYSIS-AOUTE SYMPTOMS REMOVED.

11, Egerton Terrace, Latchford, Warrinzton, November Ist, 1900.

Dear Sir,—l notice you are visiting Warrington again and pleaset to report that your Magnetaire Appliances have done me much good, those serious symptoms of paralysis that affected me three yeara ago have quite gone my arm in particular has recovered its former size and strength, wishing you every success. I remain, yours truly, JAMES TURNEI2. Mr. IL Lonsdale, M. 13:

WEAK LUNGS.

9, Hamilton-street, Battersby-lane, Warrington.

October 31sE, 1900..

Dear Eir,—Havlng suffered from a we chest and difficulty in breathing I got one of your Magnotaire Lung Appliances and have received a great amount of benefit from it. My mother also is better by using one of your Leas.

Yours Truly

(llre.) E. STARKEY.

Mr. 11. Lonsdale, MX.

INDIO ESTION.

23, Dixon-street, Sankey-street, Warringtoa, October, 29th 1901 Dear Sir,—l secured one of your Magnetaire Appliances for indigestion and it has dune me much good. It will be a pleasure to me to recommend your belts. Yours Truly (Mrs.) Id. SIMS. Mr. E. Lonsdale, M.E.

SCIATICA. Egremont, Cheshire, late of Orford Avenue, Warrington. October 29th, 1900. Dear Sir,—The Magnetaire Appliances which you supplied soon gave me relief from Sciatica. lam thank- ful to say that I am quite free of Visit troublesome sum- plaint.

Yours Slncerelv, MRS. AMELIA APPLETON.

Mr. E. Lonslale, lILLE.

BRONCHITIS. 22, Kerfoot-street, Winwick-roid, Warrington,

October 18th. Dear Sir,—When I procured your Magnetaire Appli- ances, I was so weak that my wife had to lift me in and out of bed. I went to Southport, and as my case was considered hopeless, the doctors sent me home again. I did not lose heart, but decided to try your Appliances, and I am delighted to say that it was a step in the right direction. I gradually recoverel, and, to the surprise of everyone, soon got back to the forge again, and equal to any amount of hard work. You are quite at liberty to publish this letter, and I hope it may be khe means of others trying your excellent remedy, as I consider my case a cuiracle.—Yours faithfully. Mr. R. Lowidale, M.E. GEORGit,' WOODWARD.

_MESSRS. LONSDALE & CO., 3159 HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON.

AND 97 'R AJEWSEY STRE ET, WARRINGTO N

FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN ATITHE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. HUGH F. GREENOUGH. HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONETTES, Frc., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE N. 169. BRANCH OFFICE r 24, HORSENIARKET-ST, OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES WARRINOTON.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAINTINER.,

NOVEMBER 9TH 1900.

THE pleas Mr. BRODala has advanced will _be

Army Reform.

• la accepted with cord's and respect. We do not know whether he bk'ie. himself any plan of military reform. It is shoal too early for him to have formed any. He meet be guided by what Lord ROBERTS has to suggee who is understood to be engaged in making ie series of recommendations, and the Cabinet 91/ . whole will have to consider in detail any plan is framed before it can be embodied in a Bill. .111 f BRODRICK leaves us to infer, however, that th main business of the coming session will be pass a new Army Bill, and that he expects te re;o ceive national support in any plan that WY submitted to Parliament. We feel that the Opposition will not be animated by any factieet pint in c onsidering what is proposed, and tilew it will be justified in demanding that the Its scheme shall be thorough and give us what 4.12-0 want. The idea is not incorrectly put forth b 9 new War Minister when he says that we nee dg scheme "adequate to the security of these islee• and also to the discharge of our responsibi s throughout the world." The country Iles,. be fixed idea that the voluntary system rans" nite retained, and that it may be in the eocl cl-ne as costly as the compulsory plan. It will sloij t' -• t expense to get the right kind of army ; , but , 0 first of all inquire as to whether we receive v4'et.. for our money in many of our existing dePernb ments. Competent men doubt the value a 0311". d of the superior clerical work done by highl9-0101 military men. It contributes little to reof efficiency, and yet it gives an appearance It strength and ability which is quite deluaive*,. rs would be better to reduce the staff at headquarfre; and spend the money in improvements 0150 r l-to The permanent officials in all departments tee:. / become too numerous, and to impede the jll,ll. of the machine. We also need a more per Office,: system of organisation outside the war u instead of so many detached parts, loosely bel hoover together, and requiting to be reformed w . emergencies arise. A better and more Pr.ec_ritlect nusit -ore _ system of training for officers and a m system of promotion for r eal ability are doll.bie. ' are there When we eome to mere numbers t of our fewer difficulties than in any other par if the be got system. The recruits can always erior inducements are sufficient, and to obtain suP Hooligans a"' recruits should always be our aim. alwaYo gi" not wanted in the army, for they are des• The' ing trouble and corrupting their comra

_ .1:

an eit Zo

Wh But Prc Wh

Wei agE taa

cal Pai wa

ezil dri pi

,

f

to g. et

k

urger question about India and the Colonies, and the formation of a truly Imperial army for Imperial defence, can hardly be dealt with in any bill that can be immediately drawn. Some of the details cannot be considered at present. Yet for the defence of India we must improve upon rather than abolish the present system, whilst for South Africa we shall have to make an increase in our troops or materially interfere with other arrange- ments. The responsibilities of Empire cannot be met without an increase in the army, and the burden will grow instead of diminishing. We must make up our minds to this increase, and no addition to our markets will compensate us for the outlay for long years to come. Bad trade and industrial distress will cause us to regard many subjects with anxiety that do not trouble us now, and we may be sure of this, that Imperial respon- sibilities will be heavier not lighter as the years roll on.

TIIE American Presiden ial The American Election contest has resulted in the . re-election of President MCKINLEY, without there being any protests against a second term, as was the case when General GRANT oflered himself a second time. The Situation was so peculiar in the United States that the claim for continuity of policy and of adminis- tration was very strong. A great change in foreign affairs, in domestic policy, and in the currency Would have meant something like a revolution,and the whole of Europe would have felt the shock. BRYAN has no complaint to make as to the Proper circulation of his views. He has had tfvo occasions for presenting them, and ho has stumped the States with an energy seldom displayed in recent American contests, if at all. He had some bemocrat stalwarts behind him, and he did his best to increase the number of his adherents by currency heresies, appeals to working-men, and the claim he made to represent the true American non intervention policyin external affairs. The PRESIDENT in Office could not compete with him in oratory. /le has not the gift, and it would have been un- seemly of him to have engaged in speech-making Ott any considerable scale. His policy has been eXpressed in deeds, and they are more eloquent than words. He has tried to combine respect for old traditions with deference to new ideas, and Ott the whole he may claim to have succeeded. The United States occupy a better position to-day than they did when President CLEVELAND retired, and probably the industrial classes have not suffered. President MCKINLEY may be regarded RS a safe man, and as such he compares favourably With Mr BRYAN, who, though he had noble ideas, seemed at times flighty and fantastic. It was a good thing that he should present to the eyes of the American people some of the dangers Which beset them, and he has even won some 8111Vort in unexpected quarters by his social Programme. But he has lost ground else- Where, and notably in New York State, cliiefly in consequence of his bimetallic views. The fluctuations of opinion in various States cannot Yet be given, however, with any certainty and Without more local knowledge than British Observers can claim to possess. States in America are influenced by considerations that cannot always be stated in a clear way, and probably trade and losses and gains due to the war against Spain and the troubles in China have causod a good many variations. The majority against Mr. BRYAN is so large as to mean that he must disap- pear from the Presidential contest, and content himself with local politics. He has done all that any candidate caulel do with the mixed programme he stood upon, and the world will be content to know that the gold standard is not in danger. It will be to the interest of the R 3publican party, once more triumphant and gaining seats in Con- gress as well as securing the Presidency, to make a good use of the victory. We may hope that the Tariff may be relaxed so as to increase trade with this country, and that there will be increased friendliness and co-operation in international affairs.

Public Rectitude— MANCHESTER has come Manchester Corpora- well out of the trying or- tion and its Lord IVlayor-Elect deal to which it has this Week been subjected by the investigation of charges against the probity of its Lord Mayor-elect, Alder- man HIGGINBOTTOM, and the only matter for regret IS that the verdict of the Special Committee was so unfavourable to the gentleman so gravely im- plicated. It would have been far more satisfactory Wall concerned, and much more reassuring to the citizens of Manchester,had the charges proved un- founded. Some of them, it is true, collapsed under the microscopic examination of the appointed tri burial, but in regard to certain contracts for erane9, the action of Alderman Hroorw- BOTTOM was stigmatised as "altogether im- Proper." On this finding there was nothi left for the Alderman to do but resign, and this he at once did with as much dignity as was possible under the circumstances. It is to the credit of 3Ylanchester that her municipal body did not act hastily in so serious a matter, or with any false Chivalry for the impugned Alderman. A sensible, firin, judicious course has been taken, and a verdict Unhesitatingly given which leaves the Corporation of this great city purer, stronger, and higher in the estimation of men than ever before. Alder- lean HIGGINBOTTOM has sustained perhaps as great a fall as was possible in municipal life, for he was to have been elected Lord Mayor this week, and for this reason there are some who would extend to him their sympathy. He may, on Purely personal grounds, be entitled to it, but we deprecate any suggestion that he does not deserve the fate which has befallen him. As the "Man- chester Guardian" says in its admirable comments on the case, "public men who fall short of the standard of public rectitude must suffer if that standard is to be maintained." There must, we Should imagine, have been much searching of hearts in the corporate bodies of other towns than 4anchester as a consequence of the charges against Alderman Higginbottom. There are few Corporations where there is not some such sailing hear the line, and men who have any conscience at all, even though innocent of anything actually !mProper, must have felt that their combiaation of business and public service was not one affording unalloyed satisfaction and peace of mind. Alder- than HIGGINBOTTOM was Chairman of a Cem- tanY supplying articles of the kind required a committee of the Corporation, of which he was also Chairman, though in this Case we believe there was no substantial cause of complaint against either him or the Corn- 13_atiY• "But," says the "Manchester Guardian," "it _ws4.3 in the highest degree indiscreet, and if infer- ences for which there was no foundation were drawn we fail to see how anyone could be sur- Prised. Men in public life owe it to the public

as well as to themselves not to put themselves in false positions of this kind. They may be deeply determined not to use their public posts to ad- vance their private interests in any way ; they may carry their determination into effect in the most rigorous fashion; and yet they do incalculable injury. Men of less scrupulous honour may succeed them in the equivocal positions and use them for their own private advantage, either with deliberate intention from the outset or because they are not able to resist temptation when it comes. Injury is done, too, by the sapping of the. confidence of the public in its public men when they are seen occupying equivocal positions; and laxity, or some- thing worse, is spread among the paid servants of the public, who find ready reasons for getting illi- cit gains when they suspect those in authority over them of breaches of public rectitude. It is for these reasons that we think it is not possible to discourage too strongly such equivocal positions as that in which Mr. HIGGINBDTTOM found himself in his Simultaneous chairmanship of the British Electric Works Company and the Manchester Oorporation Electricity Committee It is the appearance of 'evil, and the opening of the door to future evil, only less than the evil itself, that must be avoid3d."

Some time ago Mr. Winston Churchill made the remark that, notwithstanding so many other duties, Lord Roberts was the best of the war cor- respondents. Fettered 0,3 he was by details—and the facts are often sadly against the war correg, pondent who desires to be picturesque—Lord Roberts has managed to write sentences that went I home to the hearts of the people. His latest let- ter, which is addressed to the Press, touches with a fine tact and diplomacy a matter about which he feels very strongly. This is that care shall be taken not to place temptations in the way of the returning soluiers on their welcome home. He is as jealous for their honour and good name in the old country as he is pro-id of their valour and dis- cipline while under his command. He begs very earnestly that the welcome home may not take the form of" treating "the men to stimulants in pub- lic houses or streets, and so lead to excesses, degrading those whom the nation delights to honour. Lord Roberts alluded to the little weakness of Tommy Atkins in this matter with a singular felicity of expression. He fears that the " innate politeness" of the men may make it difficult for them to refuse these tokens of welcome; and, put that way, Mr. Atkins will see at once that no slur is cast on his character. Indeed, the latter has a hardly secondary import- ance in the emphasis with which it contradicts the "malicious falsehoods" as to the conduct of the British soldiers in Souch Africa. "They bore themselves like heroes on the battlefield," says Lord Roberts, "and like gentlemen on all °col- sions." It is a splendid tribute, and it is easy to understand how anxious Lord Roberts is that this record should not be sullied by the indiscretion of friends at home,plying men with liquor which they consent to drink in their emotion on the welcome back. We hope his wise words will be specially taken to heart in Warrington. 1

Pepito, the Spanish child who played the piano so vivaciously before the doctors and psychologists at the Paris Exhibition, is unexplainable. All the theories put forward fail to account for his skill. A pretty child of three years and a half, in light blue petticoats, with ringlets hanging down each side of his face—so small that the music stool is too low for him, and a number of books and cushions have to be put on it after it has beeu screwed to the top—that is the picture of the per- former. The performance is given with all the airs of a grown-up instrumentalist, and the won- derful thing is that so far from being merely mimetic or desultory the playing has the quality of original composition. The child has never had a music lesson in the ordinary sense of the term, and when any attempt is made to correct his fingering, which is inaccurate, he resents the in- formation and threatens to leave off playing —so peevish is his temperament. Some psycho- logists are using the case as a strong proof of pre- vious existence—the child has the attitude and style of someone recalling what had been learnt long before; but, as Mr. Lees remarks in the "Humanitarian," it is unwise to built up a general theory on an exception. These instances of precocity are exceedingly rare, and the danger is that the child's mind may be overturned by the attention given him and the desire to make a show thing of him. A few years ago there was in Brunswick a boy who at the age of two was able to read fluently various charactas—Roman,Gethic manuscript; and at four years of age was a store- house of facts, and especially familiar with dates He is being cared for, with special regard to his. bodily health,and his development is being awaited in patience.

-- Electric lighting in Warrington will,' according to Councillor Monks, be an actual fact by Christ- mas. Now that a definite date has been men- tioned shf,Tkeepors and-others who have had their walls and ceilings "wired "—and disfigured—will feel a little easier in their minds. They can look forward to astonishing our little, local world with a blaze of electricity which will make the Christmas show unique. The well-washed pigs which orna- ment the shop-doors of the butchers' fraternity, will, perhaps, discard the old-time orang3,and grin at the customer with an electric light between their jaws. These are the days of enterprise. We notice, too,that a number of lofty standards have been erected in Horsemarket-street, and Winwick- street presumably for the new light. They entirely dwarf the gas-lamps, and if the arc-light is to be as high as the standards it may benefit the birds but will probably give the people a stiff neck. This by the way, however. Things are at last moving— electrically speaking—and we must be thankful.

By the resignation of Alderman Harrison, the Warrington Town Council loses a well-tried and valued member. Latterly, ill-health has prevented him from attending to his duties but in his more active days he did much useful public work. For nearly 36 years be has been a member of the Council and for many years looked upon as the father of the Council. His long services were fittingly recognised when by the unanimous vote of the Council the Freedom of the Borough was conferred upon him on the occasion of the Jubilee of the Corporation. From 1883 until 1886 he satisfactorily discharged the duties of Mayor and Chief Magistrate and signalised his first year of office by originating the Christmas dinner to the poor of the town. During a long career he has endeavoured to serve the town which gave him birth and it must be some comfort to him in the evening of his days to know that his labour has not been fruitless.

Northern Union Meeting.—St. Helens Club Fined £2O.

A meeting of the general committee of this union was held in Manchester on Tuesday, Mr H Hutchinson (Wakefield Trinity) presiding. An appeal by Bradford against the deduction of two points in the Yorkshire Senior Competition for approaching Herbert of Leeds Parish Church was dismissed. St Helens was censured for putting W Hunter, of Wecneth on their team before obtaining his transfer, and Hunter was suspended up to D ,ccrnbc: 31st. Toe St. Helens Club were also fined £2O for omit- ting to notify change of employment in the cue of J C Liversage. The player was exonerated from blame. Dalbeck was fined £2O for inducing Carey, of Leeds Parish Church, to sign their professional form, and the player was suspended until November 30. It was decided to return the subscription of Cleckbea.ton Club, they having amalgamated with •Livereedge. assett appealed against the deduction of two points for playing Alverthorpe members, but the appeal was dis- missed. The rules 01. the Halifax and District Junior League were confirmed. Fifteen guineas were voted to the relatives of Henry Lovatt, killed while playing for Half Acre Trinity, Ca,tleford. Wernetla were fined a guinea for a breach of the professional rules.

TRUSS.—Nev washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climatcs ; it is light, clean, cool, comfortable, and durable ; cau be worn whilst bathing. WRITS ez WRIGHT* Surgical instrument Makers, 93, nenshaw-atreet, opposite top of Bold-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXASTINER, FRIDAY, _NOVEMBER 9, 1900 MATTERS OF MOMENT. ;RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

GENERAL BOOTH AT RUNCORN.

As will .be gathered from the auvertisement appearing in another column of this paper, General Boatti is visiting Runcorn on Tuesday November 20th. He will preach in the Sslvation Army Barracks, High-street, at 245 and 7.30 p.m., and if his recent campaigns in Loudon autt other parts of the country are taken as a guide, Runcorn will flock to hear him. The meetings promise to be of striking interest to the Salvation soldier and non- Salvationist alike. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS.

With his accustomed , regularity Mr U Simister, presided over the usual Wednesday evening i,ather- ing of the above class. The subjec;', was al, iper by Mr Walter Millingtan, on " Mea I have aiet." It was happy, choice, and well conceivel ; and, no-, only did it give the speaker an opportunity of treat- ing of a vast field of intellectual topics, but, it gave the: listener an opportunityof training the faculties of observation, in direccious varied to a remarkable degree. A discussion followed.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
A Provincial Letter,

Several important citieA and towns of the pro- vinces have had to go a-begging, as it were, for someohe to accept the highest civic honour the res- pective municipal authorities can confer, and the only way out of the difficulty appears to be by giv- Lig a salary where there is none and raising the figure in certain instances were there is. Nor does there appear to be any general objection to such a course wherever mentioned by way of suggestion. But the fact remains that no one likes to take upon hitus-lf the initiative, and one need' not, pehaps,ask why?

London, now entering upon a new era of self- government, might with advantage come to the provinces for a little elementary instruction. In- deed a correspondent of one of the Metropolitan dailies has been advising the new London council- lors to take a run down to Birmingham, as the "best governed city," but there is no particular reason why they should stop short in the Midlands, or at Birmingham. They might, perhaps, improve upon such a course by proceeding ''farther north." But tuition, after all, seems mostly needed, as yet, at the fountain head, with the electors of London themselves. Lord Itosebery has done what he can for the latter by pointing out to them the crying need of municipal refOrm, but, judged by the in- difference manifested in the election of the new Borough Councils, it would seem almost hopeless to expect sound and efficient administration iiit has to depend upon the exertions of the average Cock- ney. To ourselves, in the provinces, where nearly all ratepayers regard the selection of the men who are to manage civic business as of prime impor- tance, it was startling this week to find that only forty per cant, Of thg new Voters in the Metropolis had goite t 9 the poll, •

' At the risk of being charged with reVetitiiin, OnT cannot help reverting to a subject which LOta Roberts has said that he has very much at heart, and upon which Lord Wolseley recently spoke very plainly. In his letter through the Central News Agency the former makes an appeal to his country- men and women, who are looking eagerly forward to the return of the army from South Africa; and to the opportunity of giving our brave soldiers the welcome they deserve,not to let the giving of stimu- lants take the form of such welcome, thus leading the men into excesses which degrade and lower them in the eyes of the world. As every one knows, many friends of the "gentleman in khaki" threw discrbtion to the winds when the latter were going away, in the freedom and liberality wi'h which they " stood treat " ; so that in some of our towns "Tommy Atkins," instead of getting away at the proper time, put in an ignominious appearance before the magistrates next morning. It is believed that now the men are returning from the front, the danger of such consequences will be oven greater than before, and it is;in the .interests of the public that they should guard against any such contin- gency. Otherwise " Tommy's" bast friend will prove to be no friend at all. Hence Lord Roberts begs earnestly that the British public will "refrain from tempting his gallant comrades," and that they will aid rather in upholding the splendid reputation they have won for the Imperial Army; adding, "The troops bore themselves like heroes on the battlefield, and like gentlemen on all other occa- sions."

School Boards in most parts of the provinces have been slow to avail themselves of the additional powers conferred by the Act of Yarliament which came into force some three months ago. But now that both Parliamentary and Municipal elections are over, notice has been given by members of some of the more "progressive "Boards to move in the matter at the earliest opportunity. Bye-laws under the original Act and the Act of 1880,as a rule, require attendance at school between the ages of five and thirteen years, or until H.M. Inspector has certifie4 that a child on passing the fifth standard might be exempted before attaining the age of thirteen years,while the maximum penalty has been a fine of five shillings, including costs, upon con- viction before the justices sow, however, the age limit may be increased to fourteen years, under the Act, and it is open for the Board to fix the standard limit, the sixth instead of the fifth appearing to have preference. The Act also authorises the School Boards to fix the maximum penalty for irregular attendance at twenty shillings, instead of five as hitherto. The raising of the age for exemption appears to find more favour among School Boards generally than might have been anticipated when the matter was under discussion in Parliament.

The movement which has been started, and hasjust received promise of support from the Prince of Wales, for the erection of a statue to the late Lord Russell ot Billowen, reminds one that there is a probability of :;he re-introduction of his Preven- tion of Corruption Bill during the next Se4Sicoll of Peril merit, Tile measure strikas directly at a prac- tica common ea.ough among a certain class even of legal praetitioners, which was dealt with at the recent meeting of the Incorporated Law Society. But the commissions offered in these cases differ widely from the illegitimate bribes which are so frequently heard of in certain cases of com- mercial business. The fault lies in the fact that the commissions are taken with- out the knowledge of the client, and that the solicitor is not likely to be pre-disposed in favour of those companies who offer such inducements. The whole difficulty would be overcome if solicitors would disclose the fact that such commissions are paid. It would in no way reflect upon their probity, but it would be a straightforward course to adopt. As the matter stands, it is simply known to be a common, and perhaps not an unjustifiable practice, for a solicitor to take commission from an insurance company on a client's policy without the know- ledge of the latter. But the Prevention of Corruption Bill is looked forward to for the sup- pression of real evils which are known to exist, and which it has hitherto been found very difficult to deal with.

The agitation against boys being allowed to smoke is spreading, and School Boards in all parts of the provinces are resolving to petition Parlia- ment on the subject. If youths are not to be allowed to purchase drink, urged a member of the Kingsbridge Board, neither should they be author- ised to buy cigarettes. A medical writer says that whatever difference of opinion there may be as to the advisableness of smoking for men, there is none as to its pernicious effects upon boys. It effects the action of the heart and reduces the capacity of the lungs. Young men who are being trained as athletes are not permitted to smoke by theietrainers because, as they say "It is bad for the wind." But the argument, after all, that will appeal most forc- ibly to the young folks, is that smoking will stunt their growth. It has been proved, and it will be well t 3 press hcme the fact, that youthful smokers are shorter and weigh less than their comrades who do not smoke. Cigarettes, of course are espeli- ally injurious, and this truth cannot be too often enforced.

-.•,---4, Local Harriers.

Runcorn Harriers paid a visit to Sankey on Saturday to fulfil their inter-club race. They made the journey with 22 runners, but still lacking the service of W Ray and R Hadfield, whilst Sankey were without T Devlin and George Eastwood. Trail was laid over 8i miles of exceedingly heavy country including some good jumps. The visitors were determined to make a hot and closely contested race of it with the Sankey men, who were, up to meeting Runcorn, undefeated for the last three years. It was certainly a great disappointment to the home team to Meet with such crushing defeat. From start to finish Runcorn made the pace too hot for the Sankey men, and after four miles Ruucorn had it all their own way, and ran , out easy winners by 68 points, getting home the first seven men with little opposition. Runco:n men are confident that tney will be able to again turn the tables on Sankey men in their return engagement at Runcorn —On Saturday afternoon a very interesting and exciting contest was witnessed between the Farnworth and Bolton clubs. The route chosen was from Victoria- road, via Appleton, Farnworth, Rainhill and home, over Pex Hill, Hale and Ditton. No lea than twenty-seven members turned out, six of whom had papers to lay the trail. As the scent was strong the running was very close, and the finish was an exciting one. J. biker, cross-country champion, was the first home, closely followed by Messrs. Dainty and Handley. After the contest was over a splendid repast was provided at the Com- mercial Hotel. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Percival, Taylor and Ashwood. Mr. Martin accom- panied with his accustomed ability. PUBLIO INNEFIT UNDER TWE CLOCK FOR Biasr BOOTS ix LA.NCA.S 11111.1i.—Advt KITCHEN RANGES. Tile Grate 3, Marble an Wool Chimney pieces. -J.b. CiAlicanticol to 55,Bridge-it—Lelyt.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE RUNCORN POLICE COURT

On Tuesday, a case in which two Weston Point men Talbot and Wilkinson were implicated for poaching was remanded until this marning (Fri- day)—On Wednesday John McDonald, sailor, of the s.s. " Sc. Mirrdn," was tined 103 and 63 costs for being drunk and refusing to quit the" Flolyhead Harbour."—ln the evidence it was said that when the Constable when into the house to eject the man, he was seated drinking some" whisky " Superintendent Pearson remarked that such a case was likely to put publicans in a false position. The house was only a beerhou3e without a licence for spirits, and such a situation might have led to mis-apprehensions and a case being brought against the house. —The Chairman compli- mented Mrs. Tatlock for refusing to serve the prisoner. kNOMiaIIVIi AND C.33:Fl=iturcp 134 ND or Hug Mimic _ _

On Friday evening an entertainment in connec- tion with the above was given in the Victoria-road Board Schools, Runcorn, There was a large attend- ance of scholars with their parents and friends, and the proceedings were of a most interesting and profitable character. Mr Moulton the head master, and Aiss Kilburn, the head mistress related in turn stories entitled "The Life-boat,"" Poor Mike," and ",How Uncle Pompey signed the pledge," subjects which were grapincally illustrated with a series of excelleat views thrown on to a screen by the aid of the limelight. In addition to these items, the following programme of music occupied a good portion of the evening :—Song, " The Lost Chord," Mr Brown; dust, " Excelsior," Mr T N Johnson and Mr N.: Worrall ; "The Flight of Ages," Mies IVright ; "Fiddle and I." Miss Wood; "The Death of Nelson," Mr R Morris; "The Village Blacksmith," Mr T N Johnson. Several of these were also illustrated with the lantern. The proceedings terminated with the singing of the National Anthem. Tun EDUCATIONAL QuESTIN. _

Under the presidency of lir. Thomas Leach. Church-street. a large gathering of Liberals met at the Liberal Club Room, Regent-street, on Tuesday night, when Mr Joseph Brown, president of the Local Teachers' Union, gave an admirable address upon the "Difficulties of the Educational Question." In the course of his remarks Mr Brown ably con- tended for the nationalisation of the Educational System, drawing its finances from one centre—the Imperial lEs:chequer, and illustrated where reform was needed in the preeent system. An interesting debate followed in which Messrs W Millington, W B Brimelow, J M Frith, J Lea and others took part. Mr Brown, however, met all corners, and sustained with unanswerable ability the arguments set forth in his address.—Votes of thanks concluded the meeting —Next week Mr Mond, of Northwicb, will lecture at the club, and all Liberals are invite,6 SAVAGE ASSAULT ON WIDNES POLICE.

At Widnes Police Court on Monday, Thomas Dearden was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly, and also with assaulting Sergeant Carter and P.C. Turner.—The prisoner pleaded guilty to thefirst charge and not guilty to the second.— Ser eant Carter stated that at 3 20 on Sunday after- noon he was in Viridne-road in company with. P.C. Turner. Prisoner was there together with other m en, shouting and creating a disturbance. He asked him several times to go home, but he refused. Asshe knew where prisoner lived he took hold of hi arm to lead him home when he gave witness a violent kick on the ankle. lie managed to get the handcuffs on him, but, after going quietly tor one hundred yards prisoner tripped him up, and While he was lying on the ground he kicked him viol6ntly on the left temple. He also bit him on the hand and took a piece of flash clean out.—P.C. Turner, and a M.r Brown of Shams Cross gave corrobarative evidence.—The Bench said that the assault on the police was a serious one, and it was cowatdly indeed to bite a man. Prisoner would be fined 2e 64 and costs for being drunk and disorderly, and would have to go to gaol for a month in each case of assaulting the police. A HEAVY FINE,

Andrew Byrne, an Irishman, and mate of the schooner "Pearl" of Connah's Quay, was on Tuesday brought up before Messrs F J Norman and W Timmins, and charged with indecent behaviour in a public house, the "Brunswick Inn," Brunswick- street. Whilst in the dock prisoner was seized with an apopletic fit and fell and injured his scalp, which necessitated the case being remanded to the following day.—On Wednesday the magistrates were Messrs F J Norman and W Handley.—Byrne pleaded not guilty to the charges, as he had been drinking all week and did not know exactly what happened. The cases were proved by the state- ments of Martha Ellen Watson. barmaid, and Mary Ann Sleeman, landlady of the Brunswick Inn. Prisoner protested his innocence, and said that the barmaid Watson was drinking with the sailors and playing dominoes with them in the house, where he had been night after night drinking. P.C. Wil- son gave evidence of the apprehension of the prisoner, whom he found in High-street, drunk. de received 'information of the case from the land- lord of the house. The Bench decided to convict and fined Byrne 40s and 17s 64 costs in the first case, and Ns and 7s costs in the second, or in de- fault 21 days. Prisoner: Well sir, Ido not think I am gnilty. It is very hard sir, indeed very hard.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

PanocniiL CODIMITTRE.—The monthly meeting of the Frodsham Parish Council, acting 45 a Parochial Com- mittee, met on Friday evening. A letter was read from the Manchester Ship Canal Company with regard to the alleged holding up of the water in the River Weaver from which it was gathered that it was almost impossible to maintain the water at a uniform level at any point by the company.—Mr. Illidge stated that the water in the river Weaver bad been held up nearly sixteen inches above the normal height for the greater part of the day.—On the proposi- tion of Mr. Shore, seconded by Mr. Williams it was re- solved that the committee cannot accept Mr. Hunter's explanation.—The Surveyor reported as to the sinking of the main road near to Mr. G Weave's, which he attri- buted ta the quicksands entering into the sewerage pipes, when it was decided that the sewerage pipes be cleansed as far as possible from thegnanhole and that the Surveyor have the matter underlis observation.

THE FRODSHAM LORDSHIP WATER SUPPLY.—The rate- payers of the Frodsham Lordship are to be congratulated on the satisfactory completion of their water supply, which has been under consideration for the last ten years. In 1891 the township acquired an abundant supply of pure water, but the Lordship was unable to come to terms for its supply, on account of the higher elevatidn of the principal residential property, and the question was shelved until last year, when the private water supplies, drawn from wells in the district, were found to be both inadequate and unsatisfactory on analysis; then in the interests of both town- ships, arrangements were made to extend the scheme, and plans prepared and submitted to the Local Government Bard, who seat down their inspector, Mr. G. A. Sandford Fawcett, A.M tn hold •an inquiry, aud he report-NI favourably on the scheme, and sanction was obtained from the Local Governm-• Board, for the sum of £3,400, to carry it out. A ts A description of the work may he interesting. A r rlef ing station has been erected near Five Crosses, r _Anna' engine and double acting force pumps, capable Atli gas 4,000 gallons per hour (with provision for ri of raising into a reservoir of 50,000 gallons capacity auplicating) Hill, 489 feet above 0.D., which coo- „ou Beacon View. The water mains extend a Anands Mersey Bradley, Five Crosses, Fititherton, p tough Overton, Hartley, about 9,280 yazds, and ser /Lansdale, Fox Hill, are laid to a great many hou., Aloe connection pipes negotiations have been carrie as. The whole of the Ashton. clerk to the Council, t 1 out through Mr G F Timmins, senior member Ae fmagineer being Mr Walter Timmins and Sous, Li. etri the firm of Messrs E intrusted with both sr' drikA, Runcorn, who has been To MOTHERS.—M AszTrikes, tb o collective cost of which used for over life -,01, Winslow' a Soothing Syrup has been 3hildren while t Years by mil lions of mothers for their the poorsuff, .eetkirla. With pert bet success. It Will 'relieve produces r m rnediately It •is pleasant to taste ; and •tferro to and the niet, bite oy 3lieving the Child from pain Chen:jilts Ittibuterub awak,f; "as btiest its a button." Of all le 101 frer bottle. Adc

===== 0002601_19001109_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOT ES

[By a Correspondent].

My first duty this week is to remonstrate with the Runcorn magistrates who last Wednesday pre- sided over the local court. Mb case was that of a sailor Byrne,who pleaded not guilty to a charge of indecent exposure. There were two cases against the man, and each was supported by but one wit- ness. One offence was alleged to have been com- mitted on the Saturday and thom other on the follow- ing Monday. There was no corroboration whatever. True the offence was a despicable one, but in this freedom loving England of ours,surely a man should not be so harshly dealt with as to have to pay 40s and costs in each case for an offence, he denies., and which is only attested by another witness. Tho man said he was drunk, this was clrroborated ' by P.C. Wilson. The other witnesses testified to tne man's sobriety, and here will be seen toe crux of the case. if toe man was sober, and sober too on the evidence of the single witnesses, who by the way convicted him in each separate case, surely his word should have carried as much weight as theirs did. Any wav,it is apparent that Byrne, who is a middle-Aged man, has always conducted him- self with decency whilst sober, and if he was not "drunk" on the evidence whica convicte I him ought to have 1:1,,en entitled to credit for what he said.

Let me continue, for the sailors really have my sympathy Byrne's remarks about "girls and domi- noes," taken generally have more in them than meet the eye at first glanc?, They open up to us a subject upon which it would be well for the Tem- perance Party, which by the way is far too lethar- gic for the task they have at heart, to Tend a little energy investigating. Thera is a good deal of it carried on in Runcorn —(sub-zosa of course)—for the sailors benefit; and to it many a sea-faring man's wreck is traceable. Where the difficulty lies, everyone knows, is the accumulation of sufficient proof; bu;, a determined body of Temperance workers are surely, not going to be deterred from engaging in so goad a cause by so small a difficulty. As for the police, I have nothing but commendation to bestow upon them, for I know from personal experience the " bobby with a heart': has beets a better friend to society than society has ever been to him.

What is Ruicorn's po3ition with regard to the Proposed Transporter Bridge? Tais is a question upon the tip of everyone's tongue, and for the sake of the curious I will now state it. The first pro- posal of the Urban District Council of Runcorn was for the investment of £5.000 in the concern, subject to the Sanction of the 65cal Government Baard,and subject also to the Council having power to appoint a director. The promoters reply to that letter was they could not sea their way, to accept the £5,000 Plitt] the condition attached. Still they were vary pleased to see that the Urban District Council had offered to take up .C 5,000 wont] of shares in the Bridge.

The next step taken by the Council was to appoint a deputation to go further into the matter, and the result was they found there was very little hope of getting a directorship for the £5,000; and, by the way, this is apparent to all for the full capital is £lOO,OOO and the full directorship nine. A simple division will easily show that at the least a directorship should not carry with it less than £lO,OOO. The deputation reported to the adjourned meeting. Here the exceptional reasons for Runcorn being differently treated to other places—such as the relinquishing of the ferry, and its low ratable value etc.,—were set forward, and it was decided to hold to the original resolution, and place the facts before the pram3ters.The promoters' reply was to the effect that the Council's letter was duly con- sidered by them, and nicer carafully going into the matter they regretted they could not alter their decision already communicated to the Council.

Subsequent to that the promoters wrote to the effect that it was proposed to subscribe the capital of the company at an early date, and if the Council after further consideration desired " to subscribe for £lO,OOO in shares, and have the right of nominating one director," they would be glad to hear from them before Tuesday, the 13h inst, on which date there would be another meeting of the directors. Here it will be seen is the first offer of a directorship, and as there is nothing in the Act to force the promoters into giving the Council a directorship, it is a very generous offer. What is the Council's reply going to be?

On Thursday morning several Emembers of the Council acting in Committee, expressed the opinion that they did not feel justided in moving from £5,000 to £lO,OOO without in some way having an expression from the general body of ratepayers, and it was finally arranged to hold a meeting of ratepayers on isloaday next, and that the voice of that meeting shall decide the question.

On the Tuesday morning the Council will re- assemble in committee, and give effect to . the ex- pression of opinion at the ratepayers' meeting, and forward a reply to the promoters in time for their meeting the same day. Finally, let me advise that the bridge scheme has all the elements of a scund concern. From the beginning, the gentle- men interested,while fully conscious that the bridge will return an ample dividend, have felt, and have expressed the opinion that the local authority on either side of the Mersey should have a voice in its management. The promoters are men who have served the public in many capacities for the past quarter of a century ; they have inspired and carried out large public undertakings in the towns with which they have been identified; and the public spirit with which they have been animated admits of no denial. Wid- nes has recognised this and has demonstrated its confidence in the solidity of the Company, and the probable future financial success of the Bridge, by subscribing no less than £25,000. Widnes is thus entitled to two directors,and will certainly get them Is Runcorn going to be left lagging behind? llt has ever been a common complaint, that ' the Commissioners in the days when the London and North-Western Railway Bridge was being promoted, displayed a lament- able lack of enterprise, and a WOefqi l'f4ttt of knowledge of what the town, did require and might require in the course of a few years. If the ratepayers are wise they will have a "stake," and a good " etalce,"in the Tnnekorter Bridge, which as the years roll on must blia4M6 tile chief means of communication bet Ween Runcorn and Widnes, Runcorn, I belieVe, has seen its worst days of con,:, ' mercial depression, and should no new indus- try settle here for some years to come, there is bound to be big developments in the shipping trade. If Runcorn people invest .£lO,OOO, they are only investing, compared with Widnes, in ratio to the rateable value of the two towns; and it would be an everlasting disgrace to the ratepayers of Runcorn should they prove to be less public spirited and less enterprising in this matter, as they have certainly proved themselves to be in the past, in regard to certain undertakings which are now not only the pride but the boast of Widaesians.

[Our correspondent 1 bas for a week or ttro been promising an exposure, pf something in the Ilditure of a scandal at Runcorn Cemetery. His article came into our hands this week matter principally and we find that it refers to a totacernicg the masons of this town and the sexton. pile alleged grievanco of the former has already bee' think that, as A liaid before the Council, and we do not , ti newspaper, we are called upon to tak it up. We - • ,f#gret that our readers should have been to to expect r it article which we are unable to give them —Emma ~-ExAmiNE a.,1

===== 0002601_19001109_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Mayor's Sunday.

The members of the Council will assemble at the Town Rail, on sunday morning next, at tea o'clock, and willthence proceed to Wycliffe Chwreb, to attend divine service. In the evening, are Mayor will attend divine service at the Pariah Church. The Ltembers of the Council will assemble at the [Xown Hall at 'six o'clock.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

giThe fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tu.!sday afternoon. There were present Mr J Knowles, chairman, Admiral Jones Parry Messrs S Woodward, J Mclntyre, T Darlington, E Bretherton, I Baxter, W Fle:cher, J M Williams, P Gleave, T Lewis, J Eawardp, H Maadsley, E Clarke, T Antwiss, C E Linaker, J B Chadwick, I Wright, G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (deputy clerk), W Diggle and J Swinton (surveyors). J Farrington (inspector) and Dr Adams (medical officer.)

HELSBY SEWERAGE AND WATER. At a meeting of this Committee, Mr James Taylor pre- siding, the committee appointed to consider as to the acquisition of a site for sewerage purification works reported in favour of such a course and recommended the purchase of a site belonging to Lord Haddington for whom Mr Robert Dodd, ot Tarporley is agent and that the necessary agreement be entere:l into with ‘t r Dodd. The clerk read a letter from Messrs H Bancroft and Son, of Manchester declaring it irregular and unfair to com- pletely condemn a sewerage scheme upon the report of a local surveyor. The question of the purchase of the Helsbv and District Waterworks came up for considera- tion whereupon Mr Taylor being a director of that con- cern retired from the chair and Mr James Wnite was appointed chairman in his stead. It was then resolved that the subject be deferred and the clerk ascertain from Mr Radford the number of gallons of water that would be required for flushing thn sewers provided for in his scheme.—At a special meeting of the committee on the 27th October an agreement for the purchase of the land for sewerage purification works was submitted and the committee recommended the District Council to affix their seal to the document.

Tne minutes were passsd on the motion taf Mr Linaker. THE rEIEI, WALL NUISANCE. AN ISLE OF MAN PHYSICIAN COMPLAINS. MR. NAYLOR RETURNS TO THE ATTACK.

Mr Hebert Marshall, physician and surgeon, Bedford HOUS3, Dsuglas, Isle of Man, wrote under date November Ist to Mr Ashton, clerk to the Rural District Council:— Dear Sir : Whilst on a visit to Mr Naylor, of Cuerden Hall, Thelwall, about a fortnight ago, I got a dose of the abominable stench arising out of the brook from the adjoining tannery which brought on a most violent and sudden illness. On several occasions previously 1 have had cases under myobservation brought on by the same cause. This is not only a great nuisance, but it is posi- tively dangerous to life, and not only is th e stream po:- luted, but the air also, and it must surely be caused by a differeut method of tanning than that usually adopted the smell arising from which is not nearly so offensive nor dangerous to health. May I respectfully point out to your Council, as Medical Officer of Health of a fairly large area in the Isle of Man, that even as a nuisance it would not be tolerated here, to say nothing of its in- jurious effects to health. Writing to Mr George F Ashton, from Da Vers Hotel, Kensington Palace, London. W., under date November 3rd, Mr R A Naylor said: According to the newspaper report of your last meeting Mr Linaker is reported to hive said he did not understand the question of the Tannery Nuisance which has been so long before your Council, nor did he think anyone else did: I presume this about represenl's the position of your Council. On August 24th I sent you a letter giving you six distinct cases of sickness, directly due to the tannery smell. Two of these cases can be certified by medical men. In my last I gave your Council particulars of a case where a Medical Officer of Health almost lost his wife through nhaling tin poison. and I could furnish you with a long ist of victims. 1 sgr, Monday two ladies were made 111 by the horrible smell, and one of them is not yet re- covered. I bear the nuisance is not in any way abated and the daily reports indicate thatjthe filtration process will not abate it.

Admiral Jones-Parry, in accordance with notice, moved tt at"this Council clean out the cesspit and brook adjoining, Waste-lann in the parish of Grappenhall, and into which the refuse from Messrs Long's Tannery is turned, and that the expense thereof be charged against the owners of tb3 adjoining land." He said there waa abundant evidence that there was a nuisance. The sub- ject bad been before the Council for twelve months and mov:d this resolu:ion in the hope that it would bo got rid of. Tao Clerk amid the Claud' ought to call upon the 0 wears of the property to clean out the ditch if it were a nuisance. If the Council did the work themselves they had no power to recover the cost. Inspector Farrington said Messrs Lang, if they were asked, would clean out the ditch and cesspool. _ _ _

Mr Woodward moved and Mr Linaker seconded a resolution, requesting Messrs Lang to do so, and this was carried,

ADMIRAL V. DOCTOR.

Admiral Jones-Parry now referred to a denial by Dr Adams that he had declared the effluent from Messrs Long's Tannery at Grappenhall a nuisance dangerous to health, and he quoted numerous extracts from the newt- papa's to show that the doctor had dune so. He admit- ted, howaver, that he could not find that the doctor had done so specifically, but he (Adaairal Parry) had said in the doctor's presence in the Board Room that the doctor bad so declared it, and silence, he said, gave omsent. Dr. Adams repeated his declaration that he had never said the (ffluent from the Tannery was a nuisance injurious to health, 'and added that he never would do. Re had only dealt with that matter in regard to the pollution of streams under the Rivers Pollution Preven- tion Act. Be admitted, however, that this effluent corn. bined with the contribution from the dwellings on the banks of the stream constitute I a nuisance dangerous to health.

There was no other business of public interest.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. The Combination. Newton-le-Willows v. Bangor. Played at Newton on Saturday, before a moderate attendance. rh3 visitors brought a strong team, and Newton were also fully represented. Newton kicked off. and the ball was immediately taken into the visitors'. half. The custodian was not,however, seriously troubled and the Bangor for wards were soon operating in the home goal. A. nice piece of work by Tilorris3ey enabled Kenny to gat going on the home right, and a correct centre from the foot of this player was met by Hill, who compaled the visitors' dustodian to come out of his goal to save. Bangor obr.ained the first point from a breakaway 15 minutes after the start. This success spurred the visitors on to further efforts, and five miaute3 later a centre from the left ; wing was met by the right wing outside, and Bangor I were two in front. Newton seemed to liven up after this and Worsl.!..y raced away with the ball, and when close in crossed over to the right. From there the ball was dropped right under the bar, and Lee bad no diffi- culty in reducing the visitors' lead. Just blfore the interval the visitors increased their score to three from a corner. Half-time; Bangor 3, Newton 1. On changing ends the combination of the Newton team somewhat , improved and the front line were able to trouble the Bangor defence. They increased their score by 2 goals, but Bangor again got the lead, and at the call of time, the score stood, Bangor 4 goals, Newton 3.

English Cup, garlestown v. White Star Wanderers. Earlestown safely negotiated another round of the qualifyiug stages of the above cup on Saturday, when they gave White Star Wanderers their quietus on the Mesnes ground. Earlestown have been singularly fortu- nate in their ties in the cup competition so far as all three rounds have been played at home,notwithstanding, the fact that they were drawn away on two occasion. In the first instance they were down to visit Swinton Town but the Yorkshire club decided to change the venue, and in the second, the White Scar ground was not the reqaired dimensioas and the match had therefore to be played It Earlestewn. However, they had no diffieutty in dis- posing of White Star, although the score ot two to one would lead anyone who had not seen the match to think that the game had been closely contested. Earlestown always had their opzeonents well in hand and had they infused a little more spirit into their play, they could have made the margin far larger than it was. The visitors brought a strong eleven and Earlestown were represented by the same team that were defeated by Crewe Alexandra the week previous, except that Linton took Lee's place at centre forward, the latter player not being eligible. Earlestown won the toss and Roberts started on behalf of the Star with the hillin their favour. The opening exchanges were mostly colitested in the home half the visitors' forwards playing with a dash that quite baffled the home defence with the result that Cottam in trying to clear a shot from Ireieg, put the leather through his own goal, fifteen minutes from the start' This early reverse livened Earlestown up and the ball was quickly carried in the vicinity of Hodge. A pretty csntro from the Lett was met by Bartley and baneed with terrific ferce agaieat tue uprignt, the Dail being cleared from the rebound. A moment later Settle got in another correct centre and this was met by Whitehouse and promptly placed into the net. rem encouraged the horsesters again got going and splendid work by Leach was loudly applauded. A few minutes before the adjourn- ment Settle dribbled close in and then passed to White- house who slipped over the ball but quickly recovered himself and banged it past Hedge for the second time, and the inter eat came with Earlestown leading by two to one. The second half was fiercely contested but although Earlestown did practically the whole of the pressing they could not add to their :Core, and the fine' therefore arrived with the half•time score unaltered„

It,TISTRBSSES wanting SRSVANTS and, sitavArr,s 13.1.. with 'satisfactory reNrences want tnt SITUATION'S.. apply Mrs. PRESTON'. PrOkrrtroDiVe Nclistry, 14, 13o1d.placft., Liverpool ;or 44, Charleestrerit, Blackpool. nclose stamp,

91ALIINT AND CO•. C arriage Makers. Highet Broughton 1 Manchester; Landaus. Broughams, Ni'a:.;onette, Gigs, etc. Rati mates and Sketchts supplied ft va Of 'emit.

TWO PONIES. £3 (asch ' • two COES, Tti each; all fat. sound and good. workers. Nest. Harness, £2. Coal Float, £2 103 ; clearing out.—Bovrax, 4, JameL-3treet,.,33ear Market, Blackburn;

===== 0002601_19001109_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

FALLING 25 FEET WITHOUT INTI7RY, The other nay, William Houghton, living in Law- rence-street, Earlestown, and employed at the Vulcan Foundry, when working on a scaffold acci- dentally slipped bff. In falling, he had the presence of mina to double himself up, and although he fell from a height of 25 feet, he alighted on the ground with n,f) injury beyond a very severe shaking, He is considered to have had a marvellous escape.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PoLICE CASES.

At the Earlestown Police station on Monday morning, before Mr J W Ernmett,Michael Sullivan, a tramp, was charged with begging in Cross-lane, Earlestown, on Saturday, and was sent to gaol for seven days.—James Walker, collier, Collins Green, was charged with being drunk in Earlestown on Saturday, and T Whittier, collier of Adlington, for being drunk at Newton dommon on Sunday were each fined 2s Gd and costs. _ ACCIDENT AT THE VIADUCT WORKS.

On Thursday morning a lad emploYed-ii-s-"; feeder at one of the iron cutting machines at the Viaduct Works, during the performance of his duties inad- vertently placed his hand too far under the cutter with the result that one of his fingers was badly mangled. He was taken to Dr. itandyside's, who said it was impossible to save the ringer, and imme- diately amputated it. __

===== 0002601_19001109_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RS. A.

The usual weekly meetiug of the 3arlestown and Distiit P.S.A. Society was held at the Co-opera- tive Ilan, on Sunday afternoon. There was a fair attendance over which Mr. W Ellis presided. The principal speaker was Mr. EJ George. Vocal items were given by Mr S Dring and recit%tions by Mr A Morris„ Miss Williamson presided at the piano.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT AT VULCAN FOUNDRY.

On Saturday morning Jona Evison, living in Heald-street, Earlestown, was engaged working under the jib of a crane at V alcaa Foundry, when from some cause or other the jib fell. Fortunately for Evison he was working at, a crank, and to this fact he undoubtedly owes his life, a- the crank re- ceived the weight of the jib wen it fell. Evison escaped with a severe shaking and a sprained ankle.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.RLESTOWN WESLEYAN CHURCH.

Special services in aid of the Trust Funds were held in the above place of worship on Sunday. At the morning and evening service the pulpit was occupied by the Rev T II liorrell, of St. Helens, the newly-appointed Circuit Superintendent, and special anthems and solos were sung by the choir. In the evening a short musical service was given before the ordinary service, when sacred solos were rendered by Messrs F Clare and R Rooinson, Miss D Roberts and J Adams, and a duet by Miss M Barr and E Clark, he selections being chiefly from Han- ders Oratorio "Judas Maccabeus." Miss B L Greenall presided at the organ and Mr T Clare con- ducted.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TBMPLARY.

The Hope of Earlestowa Lodge meeting was held in the Uo-aperative Hall, Wargrave-road, on Mon- day, Bro Cutler C.T. presiding. Notice of the No. 1 Convention was given by Bro. Woods L.D. also th G.C.T. circular dealing with the coming jubilee o; the Order. The election of officers was then pro- ceeded with, resulting as follows.—C.T. Bro Cutler vice templar, Sister Ord; secretary, Bro Singleton assistant secretary, Sister Preston: financial secre- tary, Bro Roberts; treasurer, Bro Warburton; - chaplain, Bro J J Leatherbarrow ; marshal), Bro Leatherbarrow ; D. M. Sister Grant; guardian, Bro Joseph Newman; P.C.T. Bro E Newman. The Lodge was closed in the usual manner by Bro Cutler C. T.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
TIM MISSION" Room, HA.YDOCK,

A number of members and friends of the Hope • of Earlestown Lodge, 1.0.G.T., on Saturday pro- ceeded to Haydock to give an entertainment at the above mission.—Bro. R Macklin presided and gave a brief address. The following programme was rendered :—Concertina and mouth organ duet; Messrs Leatherbarrow ; song, Mrs Morley; song, Miss Lewis; recitation, Miss Watkins; mouth organ so!o, IV Leatherbarrow ; song, Miss Tnomas; recita- tion, Miss Ellison; concertina duet, Messrs Leather- barrow; song, Mrs Owens; song, Mr Francis ; duet,_ Miss Lewis and Miss Jones. The meeting closed. with the customary vote of thanks.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST HOME MISSIONS.

On Sunday the annual sermons in connection with the above Missions were preached by the Rev II Shepherd, of Leigh, when collections were madeo on behalf of the Missions.—On Monday evening the • usual annual public meeting was held in the chapel,. when there W 53 a very fair attendance. Mr G Burgess presided, supported by the Rev E CBocock and Rev H Shepherd. The Chairman very briefly re- ferred to the object of the meeting remarking that the Home Mission work was a very necessary one. The evils in our country,and especially in our great cities presented something chat our great legislators would:have to deal with.—The Rev E C Bocock sub- mitted the general report, from which he read ex- tracts showing :the income and, expenditure Ifor the general fund. He concluded by saying that he considered the report, on the whole, satisfactory. The Rev H Shepherd followed with the speech,.. dwelling wholly upon home mission work.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWi ANNIVERSARY AT EARLESTOWN.

The Annual dinner of the Loyal Viaduct lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., was held at the Wellington Hotel on Saturday evening. About 60 members sat down to a repast served in Host Thorpe's best style, and they did ample justice to the good things provided. After the cloth had been removed the usual social gathering took place, Bro G Wilson, P.P.G.M.,presiding, and Br° J Jones,P.G.,occupying the vice chair. The chairman in opening the pro- ceedings said they were pleased to have the presence of Bro Tunstall, who had brought with

him an old friend, Bro Burgess of West Derby diss- trict. He proceeded to refer to the deficiency ques- tion, which he said was a vital one affecting the 31.41. He did not agree with the method the Direc- tors of the M.U. had in clealing with the question, because there were many lodges which were able to pay away surpluse,, through not having an excess in sickness, whilst there were others which could not pay anything away, and who had to labour under difficulties. Their lodge was such an one, they had excessive sickness, and they had suffered in this way for the past few yearsi , and he did not think there was another lodge 4 in the whole of the M.U. which had suffered 'more than they had in funeral levies. As a lodge they had lost £BOO, since the formation, in payments to the district, It was a dead loss and to those who formed the Management Com- mittee it was a great question, and they felt sore - upon it. He was of opinion that a second or third levy would put them straight in about five years. He concluded by proposing the toast "The Queen. land royal family," which was drunk with musical honours. The toast "The Manchester Unity and Board of Directors," was given by Bro Burgess and responded to by Bro J Tunstail in a lengthy speech in which he gave numerous statistics in regard to the Order. "The Viaduct Lodge" was proposed by Dr Pattersou, and responded to by Bro J Thane,. secretary, who submitted his annual financial state- ment, compiled for the 25 years ending 1899. The capital of the Lodge in 1875, was £922 19s 3cl. In contributions since then they had received £6,568 4340. In funeral donations (report by the district) they had paid £B9O. The interest was £1,893 4s Bd, and 'sundry receipts amounted to .£l4O 17s Thad. To_ the sick they had paid out £5,198 Os Bd, and in funeral donations to members (wives and widows), £B9O. In funeral levies to the district £1,490 19s 50 had been paid out, and sundries accounted for £9B, leaving a capital halaece of £2,737 193 10d. Other toasts were proposed and duly honoured, and numerous songs were given by Bros Wright. Mawdsley, J Appleton, J C Seddon, J Clare, C Pear- son, J T Banton, J Hunt, W Phillips, and J Allan„,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SAD END OZ k tire BEt.ENS Ij3 William Reece Coat's, fifty, a herbal:at, of 55; LuA- poo:-:oad, St Ff died suddenly on Tuesday. Coates had been confir,ed in the asylum, and workhouse three times. suffer' k Aq irom fits broeAght on by ercesstve drink- ing. Dr os.lloner, who w5:.1 brought to him on TuesdaY. • gave ti' 4icion that death was due to failure of the • beart' 6 'aotioa while in a fit brought on by oicessive • atralg. ST. IiELENS LIBERALS LOSE Tnntn LEADEU. The position of chairmln of the S. Helens Liberal latNiation is again vacant,Mr. B Slaw having resigned principally owing to the pressure ot business. it be remembered that he was hon. secretary of thee)as- socfntion at the time Mr. J Forster was chairman•Vtben that gentleman retired thorough ill-health, Mr.. Shaw' was selected for the post, which he fiiled with great; energy., and successfully infused new vigour into that association, healing all breaches and enablina the cirecir- ti•Ye to secure new Parliamentary candidate when ats unexpected difficulty arose owing to the break down of the bealzh of Mr. John Harrop, of Manchester. 3lr. Shaw's resignation has, we believe, been in the bands of tb eoficials since shortly after the general electicn, but it has not transpired that any steps have yet been taken. •to appoint a successor.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r; • _ -4„

ft

===== 0002601_19001109_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONE.

There is only one "First in a race, and it is acknow- aledeed without doubt that GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BI [TEES, The Vegetable Tonic, is Tne Best Remedy of the Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion,Lass of Appetite, :rnpure Do al, Chest Affections. Low -Spirits, and Influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame strenethens that pa,t of the sestem which is weakest or has been weakere•d by disease.and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists and prometes digestien, and improves the appetite. It braes the nerves an i f-trt.fl s the muscles. rOUFCA the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ; it rernevc.a all impurities and obstructions from the human body, and Dive tone to the whole system. Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetat le, for the formula clod s the Tonic properties of Sarsaparilla. Saffren, flentian. Burdoc,k, Levender,and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine, and is suiethle to all ages, from the infant to toe adult, and confidently reenmmended to tho,e who have to devote thenselves to study and brain eavoik, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to those who breathe impure, air, and all who here .to stand exposure of ,the weather. People that suffer from brain lag and sle-pleasnese, who fed " out of e-trts" au " run down," fled rapid and permanent . relief Fr m the us of Gwilytn Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties centinually at their hitt trst stretch, and life is all hurry and worry. Uttle wonder it is that this extreme ten- , sion leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these hard-aeork ,c 1 toi•ers require an extra susten- ance for toly and brain. Now, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about this renowned preparation—lst, used by the medi- cal prefession ; 2nd, a purely vegetable compound ; 3rd, absolutely free f-em mercury • 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; 50. The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the public, but they may be el assifi.ti under two he t.ds .—The llnst and the Rest. G NILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS IS THE REST Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilem Evans' grieine Bitters, with the name Gwilym Evans" on the label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in beetles 2'. 91. and 4e. 6d.or in cases cor- taining three 4e. 61. bortlai at 12t. 61 per case. Should any difficulty be eaperienced in procuring it, the Pre- prietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Cornpany, Llanelly. South Wales.

MINOR CASES.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Counciltor Smethurst. Dr. Gornall. Messrs. J. Heptierd, E. J. Guest, and H. Thornton. AUDACIoUSITHEFT. —.amp& Deviesdast from Ferrnoy, was charged with stealing 24ths. of beef. vitae 14s, from the shop of Arthur Taylor. Irlam-street. at 545 the previous evening. —Superintendent Monaghan asked for a remand until to-lay (Saturday). as there was another case pending against the prisoner. It appeared that be went into the shop at the time in question. took the beef, put it under his coat and walked away. ,He was followed by the le-tee:tutor's son, who took the beef from him. Prisoner had a razor in hie hand, and he threatened to cut the young men's hand off if he told the police of the affair. Information was given to the po'ice. and prisoner was arrested later in the evening by P.C. Whittaker. —The remand was granted.—Albert Stanton also from Fermoy,was then charged with drunkenness in Irlam-atreet. —He was also remanded, as there was a case of theft pending against him NEIGHBOUR-a' QUABRELL —garah Ann Orme, 1, Torts-yard. was summoned for assaulting Catherine Taylor. 8, Hall- street on the 27th October. There was a cross-summons against Taylor for assaulting Ortme—Mr. H A Connor ap- peared on behalf of Taylor, and stetefl that Orate struck her ors the arm three times with a poker inflicting a wound which bled profusely.- Orate alleged that Taylor struck her on the head and tore her bodice. " leaving her sleeveless " Orate was bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the costs.and in the second ease bath parties had to pay their own costs. ''''fixterasee.r..-eßef to Mr T Birehall (in the chair) Alderman Heaton. Peqacillor John Roberts, and Mr Thornton. MeraTtptste IN TROUBLE.—SamueI Davies, a militiaman who has inst'neturned from Fermov, was cuirged on remand - with steallng 241hs of beef from toe shop of Arthur Taylor, . Irlem-streeteon Thursday evening, and also with stealing a bottle containing ground herbs from the shop of William • • Geller), Butterinarket-street. Superintendent Monaghan briefly stated the facts of the case and prisoner wee com- mitted toe/east for two months —Alb,rt Stanton, another militiamee,:was then charged with being drunk and flit- in ham-street on Thursaay.—He was fined 5s and ebitebee - esitleirre• IMPOSTERS SENT TO Gene.—Mary Grater, Orchieeetiereet, and Mary Ellisan, Victoria-street, were charged *tea collect'ng am; under false pretences Olt Decem- ber 30th;.—They pleadei g allty —lt vippeared Meat the eirlsonereevent Omit with a letter stating net a child had • died in tfielr family aryl they hal no money with which to e, bury itehey obtained several donatians—Hllison. who •- mnde h ebEtth a,pearance was committed to glee for two _ months49..d Graley was committed for a month with hard labour. ;a • - MoNo.e.r:l-'sßefo-a "Tr, F !dank; (in the chair), Alderman HeatonPVeuncillor -Smethurst, Messra. Birchall, Hayward, S Wright and Thornton, WHAT 13 zc AXE OF THE SUMMONS. —Edward Rowland. • Sherpe-seteet, was charged on a warrant with m tkine uae of tnreats hards his wife on the 27th ()it-then—Defendant filled twig:Tear at the court on Friday in answer to the summer which, his wife stated, he tore up and lit his pipe with.— was bound over to keep the peace and ordered • to pay '!osts. „ DeFt TG Tug C.L.C. -TRAVELLING FIRST-CLASS WITH , Ammo- TICICET.—Toseph MeLennon, Staff ard-roe', was • •• summ or travelling on the Cheshire Lines Railway Without ring the fire on the 27th September —Mr. Simp- e:_-- son ar lon behalf of the 0.1.0.. and defendant was , repres, by Mr Fowler.—The evilence for the prosecu- tion Wh the eff ot that the defendant was the holder of a third-- contract from Liverp ,01, and when asked to pay the ea 'are, refused to do so, sayieg that he had not come on the a at all.—The de'ence was that MeLennon reached the Cet. Station at Liverpool just as the train was about • to move and he jumped into the first carriage that he saw. I rned out to be a first-class, and when he vets asked I 7 the exeess,fare he told the Inspector that he did e• • not th s ou4ht to pay under the circumstances.—Mr, Simpst nted out that there were not more than forty passeas n the train.--t fine of 20s was imposed, A F' IN WINWICK-STREET—PoLICE OBSTATJCTION.— • Benja annett, 17 Portland-street and Peter Carey. 42. Dallen. a, were charged with committing a breach of the peace 1- hting in Winwick-street on the 23th ult.—P.O. Corbel el that he found the defendants •' busy in corn- • bat" , snwick-street.—They were bound over lane earderee 3ay the costs.—James Roarke, 2, Gandy's-yard, *4O varged with ob-tructing P.C. Corbett, whilst act- ing in sxecution of his duty.—The officer stated that when 't the defendant Carey in the last case into cnstoc irks came up and attempted to lescue him. Witne oke an umbrella over him but he refused to desist.. PC. H ; eventually came to his assistanee.—A. fine of 10s and cot was inflicted. A F LOUS DOG AND MISCHIEVoUS Boys—Christopher 'Grant, Priestley-street, was summoned for allowing a •;feroc' log, belonging to him to be at large unmuzzted on 'the 21a tober.—Frederick Miles, 12 years of age, stated • th 4 s bitten on the leg by the defendant's dog on the date sstion. He had to ge to the Infirmary to have the eee e _es woun assesh—James Hutchinson, (16) gave evidence that the ch tacked him about three months area. It bit him on ee- the ea his leg—Several other boys swore to being bitten -by tt mel.—Defendant inform •d the Bench that the boys were ys tormenting the deg by throwing stones at it.— tr:Two s sea gave evidence in support of his statement, •f•-5 - - ' both g seen boys throw stones at the dog. The boy - • mita the worst of the lot —The magistrates Imposed a penalt 5s and costs (R 1 15s in all), on the defendant con- . • - sentin destroy the anirnal.—The maximum penalty in - - such 5 la is 40s and costs. C A DOG WITHOUT A. LICENCE. —Frederk.k Orate , 1, ' ' • Tofts , has been keeping a dog for the past three weeks ' withc obteinel 3 licence. This came to the know- . - ledge .0. Reddineton and consequently Orcne appeared at it lee Court on Mon iay.—He was fined 10s. • DAY.—Before Aldermen Francomb (in the chair) , sod Heaton and Mr. T. Hirchall. • A TRTER —lsaac Sowter was ohareel with being a deset from the 3rd Battalion South Staffordshire Regi- ment-, tioned at Whittington Barracks, Litchflald,aince the Ist inste—When apprehended prisoner said he was " sick of Ilataar*,i'.', so he had deserted.—He was remanded to Strange- await an escort and ie.C. Dawson. the officer who ar•resterahltn, was recommended for the usual reward. • =yr Warrington Occasional Court. •'• SATURDAY.—Before Mr. H. Neild. ALLEGED THEFT' oe A RlNG—Elizabeth Osborne, a boat- -*overeat?, helouging to a boat unloading at Acton Grange, was charged with stealing from the hoase of Mr. Basnett, hay and straw dealer, ot Acton Orange, a gold wedding ring. • the property of Mrs. Beane% valued at 30s. Mr. Browne appeared-for the defendant. Mr. gelid said it waa a case of suspjcion.Ouly, and the defendant would be discharged. • Mosher.—Before Mr. Tinsley. ALLterietenr ASSAULT.—A labourer named Edward Brooks os Haydock, was charged with committing an assault upon Hannah Taaylor, living with her patents in Hayciock. Hal- * , ence having been heard, prisoner was committed to the • Liverpool Assizes for trial.

'

•

. - ttr. (7 ~ 4: •• IrB, 1 . ..ti I y :,.. • , ie,ol :• .. I A., . ) - i AV' i 3 4 1 ti '.. t ti ,•.•1 , , .11 i ,• I 't • ' ). 1 ; . - al ; . f ' al 1 ; t, )

===== 0002601_19001109_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY. —Before Messrs. A. R. Norman (pres,ding) and W.

Timmins.

A PROFANER FlNED.—William Price, Parr-square, pleaded guilty to using obscene and profane language, and he was fined 5s or seven days —P,C: Nicholls proved the case. A MINISTER'S OPINION OF VACCINATION,—The Nev. Joseph (34borne, of the Manse, Greenway-road. applied for a certie.- este to exempt his chill Leslie Bartlett Osborne from vacci- nation. The applicant said he had a conscientious objection to vaccination. He believe-I it to be unnatural to inject vaccine iymph into a perfectly healthy child, and moreover that it was likely to be prejudicial to its health, because there was no guarantee the lymph was pure.—The certificate was granted. IMPRISONED FOR NEGLECTING WIFE AND CHILD.—JoImI Powell, Penketh-lane, was convicted and sentenced to 14 days imprisonment for neglecting his wife and child.—lt appeared that Powell, lived at No. 9, Penketh-lane. He earned a precarious living by discharging hats at Top Locks, whenever he felt disposed to work. butts fur follow- ing any regular employment, Sergeant Gregory, who had known him for nine .years, testified to his never having fol- lowed any. The result was that the family, consisting of offe and a child "John " aged two-and-s-half years had been mer provided for by charitatle neighbours and relatives han by the defendant.—Powell made no defence, and ad- mitted he was out2of work, but he would work if he could get

3. A WARNING TO Yourns.—Joseph Nield, lertie Rowlea Allred and Albert Rawlinaon. and Arthur Ingham, were

each fined Is 6el for obstructing the thoroughfares in Regent Street.—The case was proved by P.C. Wilding and Sergeant Gregory.—On behalf of Saperinten dent Pearson. Inspector Hicks said the police were sorry to have to bring such youths into the Court. But on account of the numerous complaints and the way the public were 'annoyed by these youths. they Mt it was time thee shou'd ku ivt that they cou d not hang about the streets ob;trtuti too-naths au A nisturbin.z the ' peace as they dil. the etiperintendent teit that a nowahaal tine would meet the case —sun was imeosed,and the Heach admonished the youth ot the t we generally and warned them not to pPrsist in sech cen I'LL kinnan. IT 1, TntazisexzqNl7 F' rs."—Mr W Gerrard,agent to Mr Poole, St. Helens, summoned Charles shakebkait. boatman, to appear to be examined e.oncerning an outer of the U.eirt that Lie sheuld contribute 73 6d per week in miti- gation of a tent of £7 Ile 6d.—Tne wife appeared and stated she could not pay 13 6d A week, and off .tr--d 3s a month.— Mr Gerrard said he would accept a reduced order but not what was offered by the defendant —Tne Bench made an order for 10a a Trio tth —Defendant : " Very well. That's 2s 64 a week : I'll bring it ire threepenny bits." (Laughter.) AN AgSIULT i.ktgaigr-aftEET.—C4therille Hamadan. WAS summoned hr JA,I9 Monaghan. for :assaulting her on the 21st Ocd.ooer —The i'fferte I was denied—lt appeared that the parties were neighte, ire and resided in Bitak Mersey-. stroet On the dey in qdiestion the two women came to words over some little children, with the re-tilt that Karns- dee, was aib'g-et to have •'got hold of Monaghan by the hair and binge i her heal oil the flaon.'• S:verat witn:seea sus- tained the case for complainant, and defendant was lined 108 and 13s 6.1 wits. hcaoor, folla .ving 131..*Arl•S were, for non- comelianca with the gdaeatiee reqsirement3, fine 61 and 4s 6:1 costs: —Nam ard Wilkinson, Fredariek Lewis Bowles, and William T wi4g, Boats.

RUNCORN BDARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly twN,ting wai held at Dutton W4rlr- house on Tuesiay, Mr J M Williams p7esided and there were p-esent Nles,rA A R Nlr.n in, J R Wri4ht, T Reyno4i, J Meado mcrott, repres.mta:ive4 of th, Run- olra towoslip and th‘, memb-rs of the Rural Cluueil, with G F Ashton (cierlc), and W E Hou4h (deputy clerk.)

===== 0002601_19001109_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:g4

===== 0002601_19001109_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
. . t

1 '... i; , , i i I I Iti: i l'i i i 4.

I 1:11 i 1, ~ i'l 'J.. .t,, , A A

,1 , .... i 1... ~.1 11' i

===== 0002601_19001109_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i?„1

===== 0002601_19001109_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Tr,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I]. i il

===== 0002601_19001109_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.4, ,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
I fl

; i

kii( ~i,.4 't, k I ; 4 , ~ rs` ! I, 4 j 1,',1 i I, I•

14 1 " * '' (tt, t $ 1 IF ,', .* ,i'l Cit t.! '1,.., ~4 ~, ...,, ~:i., ,::. ,- ~ 0, ~A, . , , , v. ..,. • ,• „ ~_ , ~.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r4t 9

===== 0002601_19001109_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
' 1 iti''' ' t Tv; t IP ,',,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAMPS' LIBRARY.

Miss Susan E B irrie:t, SecrA ry of the Tramp.' MI,. sion, Cheltenham, wrote nolor date Otobr 27ch follows :—That numerous friends had resp)nded to her appeal on behalf of the Tramps Mission, and she had been enabled to t upoly 493 unions with libraries and scripture w4tl cards for casuals. She had learnt from workhouse air horities tramps & 1., that this work was much appreciatel and won asked if the Runcorn Board would accept a small library io tho hopo that God might incline thcso who read the books to lead better and nobler lives and so freqent the casual ward n) more. On the prop,vi.ion of Mr Norman, it was decided to accept the proffered library.

B %CS FROM THE WAR. It was unanimously resolved on the motion of tlie Chairman, that John filberts be reixstated c 4retak-r nt the boys in the House at a maximum silary of £3O li..)b!rts has bxn absent at the war, and his place wa promised to be kept open f4r him. He had had toe mis- fortune to be injured, but was now recovered and able to resume duty.

DEPUTATIONS AND THEIR EXPENSES. Mr. Meadowcrott asked permission to say a few words about the discussions that had taken place at the last two meetings with reference to the charges of deputa- tions to conferences and other meetings. There had been an entire misconception of what he said a few months ago. What gassed was of a humorous and bantering character. Teem e was nothing serioe; in what passed; they were all most agreeable, and at the end of the meeting they actually shook hands, and passed a few general remarks He was surprised that the representa- tive of Great Uudworth did not txplain this at the last meeting, hut instead of doing so he talked about treating the matter with contempt,which seemed I to him (Mr. Meaeoireroft) an extraordinary proceeding and astonishedj-iiii_ greatly. Mr. Mclntyre knew the spirit that prevailed and that there was no feeling in the matter. He had no desire and should never attempt to array himself ie the robes of a" Simon Pure," and without entering into the question of the wisdom or otherwise of appointing these deputations, he ceutended that gentlemen who were spending their (line and de- voting their abilities to the interest of the Board were eatitted to the legitimate and reasonable expenses which would enable them to travel and live in comfort. He had no sympattly with thee who Said they had paid their own railway fares and paid this and paid the other out of their own pockets. He did not think is! right they should do so. He was very sorry indeed that I it had been thought he had reflected upon gentlemen who had given their time and service for the benefit of the Union. (Rear, hear.) The Chairma ; said lie had endeavoured to do hie duty to the ratepayers faithfully for ten years and when he read the report in the newspaper he felt stunned. mentioned to a friend that. he wished he knew whether it was said in banter or fr om a real desire to pose as an economist. Tee reply was " You cannot tell that from a newauatetr ; hut you know the man : What do you think 2" (Laughter.) lie could scarcely believe that Mr. rdeailoweroft seriously meant to overhaul and criticise the expenses and tee very gladly accepted his , statement.

Mr. Mointyre said he looked upon the matter as ban- ter from the b-inning and he thought it injudicious to ra.i;e the qoeition a the last meeting. If the two or three words he used had o ended Mr. Me tdowcroft he b32ged a thousand pardons. Mr Linakar was glad to hear from Mr Meadowcroft that what be said was in joke, atthough he could not say it was as gool as Mr Me d wcrof t usually gave utterance to. He did not agree wi h Mr Meadowcroft's remarks upon those who paid a portion of the expenses ouz of their own p)ckl s. Aoy one if he liked, could pay a portion of the expanses in ord3r to keep down the bill. _ _ .

Other members accepted Mr Meadowcroft's statement and tha subjcct dropped.

THE DIETARY PROPOSALS. Mr. Norman, Cuairnoan of the House Committee, re- ported that the committee had that morningjpassed this resolution :—" That a copy of the recent circular and general order from the Local Government Board relat- ing to Workh 'use dietaries and accounts be sent to each guardian and be specially considered.at a future meet- n."—Mr Norman observed that the order was a com- plicated one and would take an immense amount of un- ravelling and he urged the members to study it care- fully so as to be in a better pasition to decide what line to take.—Mr Linaker seconded the motion and remarked that it was a very serious order and one likely to revolu- tionise the system at present in force in workhouses and alko largely increase the expense.—Tne motion was carried. This was the whola of the public business.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WAS HE FOLLOWED?

There was nobody following William Perring, yet his fear, or feeling, that his movements were being tracked made him shake like a dry leaf on a tree. And so it would anybody. Nothing is more scaring than the thought of danger from secret enemies. Why,men have gone mad over the mere dread of them. But Perriug had no reason to suppose he was followed; in truth he kiteto it couldn't be ; his memory and his conscience assured Win of that.

'Here's the tit( ; you can see how matters were for yourself. Perrin is a d/ck labourer he lives at 45, Duke-street, Devcnport, and is thirty-nine years old. That he is naturally a strong and healthy man goes without argument, other wise he wouldn't be a dock labourer; it isn't a ctiling for weak chaps. Well, up to April, 1899, he was up to his work sound in wind and limb. Then he began to feel mean and stale. He says he had a nasty tightness and heaviness about his chest, and his victuals s)ttled down inside of him like a lump of lead in soft ground ; and he took to having spells of heart palpitation that shook him as the engine shakes a ship when the screw kicks out of water. He managed, did poor Perring, to pull through his day's work and then got home and dawn on the sofa as quick as he could. His supper was ready, but he had no use for it, he couldn't eat,

In telling all this one day—the 30th of November, 1899, it was—Peering said" My body ached all over and I got so nervous and irritable I couldn't bear to have my own children about me. I was that touchy and miserable, I merely wanted to be let alone. "Gradually I got so bad that when out on the dock the idea would come into my head that I was folic ?red, and I d shake like a leaf. "The doctor said I was suffering from indigestion, and that my nervousness and weakness all came from that ; but he wasn't able to help me. "Then one bf my mates said, Why don't you try Mother Seigel's Syrup ? It cured me of the same thing. "So I got a small bottle and it did me some good, and I thought if I kept on using it I might be a well man yet. Any way I resolved to give it a chance. "As I continued taking Mother Seigel's ,:yrup— and a good mother 'to lots of psor sufferers she is—l felt better and better. The tightness and weight at my chest went away and I at my food and enjoyed it as I vied to do. " In all I took Mother S.3ig-l'i Syrup several weeks and then I stepped; and now I am as well as ever I was in my life." _

Perring (good luck be wits him!) is ebwn on the d ock regularly on work days, and ne only thing that "follows" him is the regret that his mite didn't shout out, "Mother Seigel's Syrup!" in the mxith of April, 1899.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRI DAY, NOVEMBER 9. 1900.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. A meeting of the Warrioe; o Besiel of Gutrdians was held in the Board Room at tee Wo; iceouse on Wednes- day mernine. Mr. A. J. Jail preside I, atid there were at ) [nevelt :—Mrs. Oiar, Mrs E itesten, Rev. T. R. efat-tiaws, Messrs. Willi ein illekeran, S. 'hale.. T. B. Malkin, J. T. H. A .eer dr, A. jolie) , A. Breokes, G. Haag, P. Curiliffe. Wiliam Houghton. Henry Thornton, T. Halton, J. D.geocii, wita J. U. Sutton (cli rk), &Mon (assistant clerk). U. El. Ward (master), A. Weigh-, (superi..t P ideate seneres). THE ir ATE MR. [HUBERT. The CHAIRMAN said b.fore the 'ideates of the corn- mitcees pi.oceede.d wide, fie would move a resolu- tion to the effect that the B ,trd toed heard with regret of the death of Mr. Heery, Fli6b rt, for many seara the representaeive of the Newton toweship, and expressing sympathy with the relatives of the deceased. Toe CLERK at a later stage ot the inee-ing inferme 1 the Board that the vacancy wool I not be fillet the general Board election in March or Apeil next. THE caars-rmls DINNER BEER. In the minutes sf toe P ideate Irvin itritl SChOll3 Com- mittee it Was renal:menthe-1 that tee usual Christmas treat be previdef for the officers and childrea and that the mum of £7 10e b p cii nit of petty cash by the Superintendent in buying pilzes for the children. The minutes were anal. ,ve I on toe motioa o: doe CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr DAclEs. 'roe minutes of the ilouse Committee were next sub- mitted, from avtd3h it appeaeel that a sub-committee consisting of Mr A J Jel:ey, Mr William Hickman and Mr T H Ashcroft, had been app doted to consider the question of new die' arie3 in werkheusee. Mr HICKMAN and/ Mr DAVIES seconded the adoption ot the minutes, which was agreed to. - The CHAIRMAN moved that the usual Christmas treat I be given. Mr HICKMAN seconded. Mr TH)RNTON siroperted the motion with the excep- tion of the supply of drink. He moved as an amend- ment that no drink or any other intexican-,e be eltewel this time. They had had lessons from what took place in previous years. Mrs CLAY seconded. Eight voted for the amendment. The CHAIRMAN: The vrres are equal I eha'l give my casting vote for the usual treat. Subseqeently Mr Jolley found that hs had mode a mis- take. and explained that the amendment was defeated without his casting vote. POOR LAW UNIONS' ASSOCIATION. The second annual general meeting of the Association of Poor Law Unions having been fixed to be held at the Heapern Restaurant. London, on Thursday and Friday. November 15th and 16th, 1900. Mr. Pilling moved a resolution authorizing the attendance .of the Chairman and Clerk, the representatives appointed at the last annual meeting of the Board, to attend the meeting on behalf of the Board. Mr. HICKMAN seconded and the resolution was carried. THE PROPOSED RELIEF OFFICE AT EARLESrowN. Mr. BILLINGS !novel the following resolution r— " That the Guardians hereby consent (1) To the pur- chase of the land described hereunder. namely : All that plot of land situate at the corner of Market-street and Nelsen-street, Earlestown. Newton-in-Makerfield, in the County of Lancaster, and containing in the whole 1,396 square yards or thereabouts, the said land to he appropriated for the purpose of a site for the er6ction of a relief office and relieving officer's residence, or for such ether purposes relating to the relief of the poor, as the Guardians may with the consent of the Local Government Board direct. (2) To the expenditure for the purchase aforesaid of a sum not exceeding £2lO, inehosive of the estimated costs of purchase." The CLERK explained that he had suggested to Mr Gordon Smith, of the Local Government Board, that the Cevairrean of the Board, with Mr. 0 men and himself - would wait upon him when they were in London on the 15th host, with the plans of the proposed buildings at Esrlestown, and receive his instructions thereon. Mr. Smith had written saying that he would be p!eased to see the deputation. It was decided that the Clerk's sug- gestion shou!d be'carriol not. THE COS t' OF THE NEW INFIRMARY. The CHAIRMAN moved the following resolution • " That the Guardians herebe cons mt to the expenditure of a sum not exceeding £1,823, in he erection of an In- firmary for the Union, ana rise execution of works and the provision of fittings and fixtures for the purpose of lighting by electricity the said infirmary and the work- house premises of the Union, in p refinance of the Orders of the Local Government Board, dated respectively, the 19th day of January, 1893, and 30th day of September, 1899, an addition to the sum of £25,000 and £7,000 authorised by the said order to belexpended [or ,those purposes." Mr. HICKMAN seconded. The CLERK explained that this sum of £33,823 was in- dependent of the large Sums of money whine had been spent on furniture Mr. DAVIES : What has been the cost of the furniture ? The CHAIRMAN: About £2,000. tar. THORNTON : What has been the expenditure ue to date on the Infirmary ? The CHAIRMAN said it was imposiible to sty with accuracy what the Infirmary had cost. The expendi- ture of £7,000 on the elec:ric light and heating aopara- tus was partly for the benefit of the House as well as for the Infirmary. It was therefore impossible to say how much of that siteuld be debited to the new In- firmary. In addition to the £35.000 which had been spent there was also a EMU of £3,000 paid for the land. The resolution was carried. THE SALARIES QUESTION. The Guardians proceeded in committee to deal with the adjourned subject of the consideration of the ap- plication by Mr. Aukland, relieving officer, for increase of salary, and of the seevioes and remuneration of Union Officials generally. It was pointed out that until the present Board CAllle into office the month of October load been fixed for the consideration of salaries. This arrangement had not been carried out. The Board de- cided to appoint a committee consisting of the members present to consider the qaestion of salaries and duties generally.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

TYLDESLEY AND HOLBROOK (Lancashire County and (14 years Manager and All lingland iilevens). Buyer for Alec Watson)

HOW TO GHT A BILLIARD TAB L 1 FOR 13s 61 GEO. G. BUSSEY & Co., of 35 and 33 Queen Victoria-street. and 213 Rezent-street, London, make an ingenious se:-. of arrangements whereby a good game of Billiards can be played on an ordinary dining table. The fittings are easily fixed, and do no damage to the table. The price include,' everything required to play the game. Ask the local dports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet and Indoor Games List. Advt (3).

'l4,* Secretaries of Football Clubs arq requested to note th reports of matches played on Saturdak must be rpuit to the Head Office. I:l6ivsey-street. Warrington, nJt late than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be Inserted

dribbled prettily along, the ball went to the other end, where Houghton for a change allowed his opponents to pass him, and nothing but the smartness of W ilkinson prevent,d disaster. Play nn whole was fairly- well coutest,d though the powerful kicking by the visiting backs, gave Run- corn opportumties,Booth frequently havin2 to fall back to clear. Worsley was next seen to advantag,e, aud the home centre ran in magnificent form halt the length of the field on:v to sec the ball mulled on the tine. I was the finest effort of the alterncon, at!cl desery d a better fate. Vibits to the line were ot frequent ecculreuee, but there was no 6corirg, up to tie. interval. Toe game bad hardly been re-started when Faulkner snapped up the ball in a trice and ran over, Smith looking on in bewilderment. Farmer piled on the extra points. There was nomistaking the business-like efforts of Runcorn, their forwards punting wed, and frequent openings were made tor the backs, who, however, were far too fond of holding the ball as long as possible. Wors'ev had a rare chance of scoring for his side, but passed wildly over. For the remainder of the game Stock- pot.; never looked like winning, and Runcorn deservedly won by a goal and a try to nothing.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

Warrington League.

W.suatNuToN D.C. v. LATCHFORD D. 0 —P'a yed on Mon- day at the Latchford D.C. Score as follows : WABRiNGTON. LATCHFORD. Wins. Draws. Wins. 1 J 12,,berts 0 W Hargreaves 1 W Rigby 1 E J Powell ... ...... —.... 0 A Albinson 1 2 C Powell 0 F Warburton .. 1 T Albinson 1 H Powell .. 1 W Potter 0 2 M Gorman

2 4 S. LTJKE'S V. CAIT3-BTREET.—PIIyei at LlverpcDl-ruad, Result, :

.....-- . ST. LUKE'S. CAIRO-STREET. W. L. D. W. L. D. II Ashcroft P Deady 0 2 0 W Massey 0 2 0 13 Clare it Jones F Dendy 0 2 0 G HArnblett H Armstrong 0 2 0 J Finch J Atherton 0 2 0 J- Eaton T lillisan

The Path to Destruction.

Commenting on the forthcoming visit to War- rington of the Rev John Gould, who has been appointed by the National Council of Evangelic al Free Churches to conduct a mission in the town, ' " The Warrington Circuit Wesleyan Methodist Church Record" eays :—The general idea of the mission is, to bring all the churches into line in one great effort to win men for Christ, by bringing the Gospel invitation within the reach of everybody, high and low rich or poor, not only in the towns and cities of our land but also in the villages and hamlets. It is a noble conception and without doubt was inspire iof God. The task truly is great but the need of this evangelistic work is urgent and increases. The growth of the Church has not kept pace with the growth of the population; nor hast the fervour and zeal of Christians kept pace while the activity of the forces of evil. One has only to think of our own town, with its.many places of worshipoill too sparsely attended on the Sabbath, and almost entirely neglected during the week, while the streets are thronging with of giddy, thoughtless, and Godless youto, wnos im- patient of restraint, have cast from them all ease of responsibility, and, in too many instances, of even shame and self-respect, and are carelessly and aimlessly drifting along the downward path, the and of which is destruction. It is sad to think how many of these may have passed through our Sab- bath schools, and been the subjects at some time or another of religious influences.

BUSINESS ENTERPRISE.—The theory that first class business premises must of necessity be situated in the centre or main thoroughfares of a town is evidently not shared by Mr. W. A. LESLIE, the Complete House Furnisher and Ironmonger, Ite, Mersey-street, War- rington, who on the 17th November will open his new premises 50. Mersey-street (now nearing completion) and which have been erected by that reliable and rising firm of builders Messrs. Wright Bros, of Latchford,from plans prepared by the late Mr. Alderman Wright. Mr. Leslie Is to be complimented on his spirited enterprise in the erection of. one of the handsomest and most complete establishments of its kind in town, enabling him to stock and show every description of Household Furni- ture, Ironmongery and requisites. /to., from a Window Pole to a Piano, in quality and at prices which defy competition. An inspection of his extensive show rooms is cordially invited. See advertisement front page. Advt.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES.

On tbe whole the game was well contested, rani Run- corn's victory was only obtained as the result of a hard though by no means last game. Tneir win was well- deserved, and aobody can begrulge them the honour. They were undoubtedly the better team fore and aft, and in beating the Stockport forwards are entitled to all praise. Stockport started well, and finished badly, and the defeat was mainly due to the, lack of cohesion amongst the backs, coupled with the superiority of the visiting quartette, who were undoubtedly the nest set seen at Eigeley this season. Though defeated, Stock- pott were not at all disgraced, for on form Runcorn will ,tAke a deal of beating, for with a fast set of forwards and clever three-quarters, to say nothing of the, kicking powers of the Cheshire back, they ate a first-class combination. Farmer and Gayter were the pick of the forwards, and Faulkner took prominence in the half-back division Jones and Wilkinson at three- quarter could be improved upon, though the .former is a remarkably fast wing man, Houghton at back was as good as ever, and was a stumbling block to Stockport. The home forwards for once were below par, and slow as compared with their opponents, but the beat of the eight were Griffiths, Burrows, and Oram. The three- quarters were decidedly off colour, add the centres, Worsley and Crocker, seemed to forget that such a player as Simister existed, judging by the opportunities the player in question obtained. Crocker was a failure. and the only redeeming feature of the home three- quarter lice was Robinson, who played a hard game. Booth was the best of the halves, but his old tendency towards selfishness was still to be seen. Smith played a useful game at back, and could not be blamed for the defeat.

Runcorn "A" v. Stockport " A " Runcoru "A" on Saturday, secured a further two points, in the Lancashire "A" team league, by defeat- ing Stockport " A" Co the tune of twenty-, wo cointi to nil. The game was very ont-iided owing to Si;ockport having to commence with but ten man. Liter four more appeared, but their eff irts were univailiag. and the score ia3icated was the result of a very uninteresting game.

WIDNES "A " v. RUNCORN REC 3 —At Widnes on Saturday afternoon, before a poor gate. Runcorn kicked off and came away w:th a brilliant passing movement. Their attack was, however, frustrated. A passing bout between Holland, Taylor and Leadbetter ended in the last-named player being thrown into touch at the 25 flag. Widnes pressed and Lomax, by a tricky run, took the play to the Rees' line. Judicioui kicking relieved the pressure, and, for a time,the Rocs attacke I strongly, being on several occasions within an ace of scoring. The home forwards eventually obtained pos- session of the leather, and dribbled 'own tho field in fine style. A scrimmage on the line ended in Holland scor- ing, but the goal ki;k failed. Half-time : Widnes. one try ; Rees, nil. During the second half, Turner scored and a minute later. Lomax also grounded the leather, both attempts to convert failing. Final result : Widnes " A," three tries ; Runcorn Roca. nil.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

LATCHFORD RANGERS{ V. WIDNES RANGE RS —At Latchford on Saturday, Latchford at once rushed down Ashton placing a goal from a mark. Widnes then pressed and Butler kicked a goal. A. fine bit of play by the L achford backs eniled in Bate scoring. 11311-time : Latchford five points to two. In the second half Latchford had the best of the game. but failed to score. Final : Latchford, five points; Widnes. five points.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

FLETCHER RUSSELL'S V. ST HELENS " A."—Played At Warrington on Saturday. In the first half Fletcher's completely outplayed the yisit,irs. Holcroft. Bell, and AShurst (2) scoring, two goals being ohtiined. Half- time : Fletcher's 16 points ; S. Helens nil. In the secood half, T K light scored for Fietcher's twice in rive minutes. Holcroft scored the seventh try, the eighth being obtained by Clare. Holcroft snored again, as did Corless. Final: Fletcher Russeli*,3, 38 points; S. Helens (A), nil.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY A BEAN.

A Miner's Story.

To all concerned in smelting or mining, the recant experience of an Ardsley man will bi read ju3t now with interest. Ardsiey. near Wakefild, i 3 c entre of iron and coal mining% and Mr Samuel Bedford is one of the bast kaown mu in the district To an interviewer the other day he said, "I am, as you may see, a collier by trade, bat, unfortunatily, my work has not heen welcome to me for nearly ten years, as during most of that time I hava suffered almost cintinually with an affection of the kidneys. I:',ople who have suffered in this way will know what that mans. At times the pjas in my -back were so bad that I was bent nearly double, nod it was only with the greatest difficulty and agony that I could straLzht-Fli myself up. So great were my sufferings that I was totally unfit to follow my employmeat, and, for a whole 18 months, I could not go down the pt or do a stroke or work. Added to this I I suffered terribly from indigestion, and for six months I was unable to eat flesh meat without suffering for hours afterwards."

"But cou'd the doctors do you no good ?" queried the visitor. " Not a bit." 2aid Mr. todiord. " I tried several doctors, including a Leeds physician. They gave me lota of medicine, but Li was all no i-zootl. They all agreed that mine was a bad ease, and that did not make f ael more cheerful, I esti tell you " " I suppose you have also tried Patent Medicines ?" " I had been trying Patent Medicines tor a low, time, of ' all sons, in fact I must have spent moulds in them . Some of them, it is true, seemed to do me good for a time, but I soon fell back into my old way and gave them up as a bad j)b, and thought the doctors were right when they said mine was a bad case." " Well, I can% say you look a bad min now," said the interviewer. " Never felt better in my life," answered Mr. Belford. " I said I had lost faith in Patent Medicines, but there is one medicine I shall always stick to. I came to hear of it through an ad- vertisement in "The Yorkshire Post," giving an account of a cure in a case similar to mine (which seemed to me incred;ble), by taking Charles Forth's Bile Beans for Biliousneae. This cure seemed so wonderful that I thought I would give them a trial. The result is what you See me to-lay. I procured a box and took them 'according to directions. In a few days I was surprised to rind I was feeling better. I continued with them,and in a few weeks I did not feel like the same man. The pains in my back had disappeared, and I found that I was once more really reslored to health. To-day my appetite is good. I can eat a hearty meal, and what is just as important to a man who has his Living to make, I can do a ao9-1 day's work. I am now working repo- larly every day, using pick and shovel." As Mr. Bedford bade his parting gue-t good-be, he had another word of gratitude for Bile Beans—remark- ing that he had great pleasure in making the above statement,and would always recommend Bile Beans to anyone suffering as he had done. Charles Forde's Bile Beans hay a at various times proved themselves to be an undoubted specific for biliousness, indigestion, influenza, constipation, head- ache, insomnia, debility, aneecnia, piles, female com- plaints, bad breath, pimples, heartburn. dyspepsia, eczema, scrofula, and all liver and kidney troubles. They act in a gentle manner, and can be taken without medical supervision, as they are in no way harmful. If you are suffering from any of the above-mentioned ail- ments try Bile Beans ; give them a thorough "test, and see for yourself if all we claim for them is not absolutely true. The proprietors will forward from their English Depot (if you are unable to get supplies at your chemist) one box for is. li. or 23. 91. Address the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 119 and 120, L indon Wall, London, EC.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
PRNCTICAL SPORT 3 OUTFITTIR3

NORTHERN UNION.

South-West Lancashire and Border Towns Cup Competition. Warrington Annihilate Widnes. The first round of the above Competition was com- menced on Saturday when several clubs had open dats s osvinz to the County match between Lancashire and Yorkshire. Warrington were drawn to meet Widnes on the Wilderspool ground,and were crnsiclered to have an excellent chance of entering the second round. Batts teams suffered frem absentees, Widnes being the worse off in thry, back division. Warrington were without J T Bate (the captain), Mereweather, Andrews, Scholtz, and Taylor (forwards), the vacancies being filled by Duck- worth (half-back), Swirt,Joiley,Fairhusst,ani Autrobus. Fins weather favoured the fixture and a crowd of about ' 5 000 gathered to witness the contsst. Mr Bruckshaw of Stockport) was the referee and the teases lined out in the following order : Warrington : Hallam, full hack ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson, and Hockenhall, three-quarters . Burgess and Duckworth, half-backs ; Boardman, Swift, Swift jun.. Jolley, M anison, Eden. Fairherst, and Autrobus, forwards. Widnes : Kinsella, full back, Birchall, Alford, Baty and Peacock, three-quarters ; Halligan and Highfield, half-backs ; Efamnson, Aspey, Webster, Pougner, Levshon, Riley, Isl'Donald and D manelly, torwarde. Fairhurst set.the bail in motion. Aspey snaking a safe return. Burgess was early penalised at the pack and Widnes got a footing in the horn' half. Halligan obtained possession and passed badly to Baty. The ball tniffred the centre and Unveiled to Peacock on the wing. ho picking up and dashing over at the caner. Baty made an awful attempt at goal, but the initial success of the visit,rs caused appre- hensions in the minds of the home cm xel . These were I soon proved to be needless however, for Warsinstan took up a good phsition, and smart passing saw Hockenhals make a gallant attempt to get through. Wasiingt >a again got possession and a series of rapid transfers put Fish in possession. The speedy wing man raced through the op sosition and made the scores level ten minutes from the start. No goal resulted. Warrinatoa went in for passing every time they got the ball, which was not often as Widnes were superior forward at this stage. Halligan attempted to open the game out for his own backs but prompt tackling by Isherwood upset the calculation entirely. Fish receiv..d from Isherwood an I made a brilliant run down touch to the corner or h -re Kinsella grassed him. Warringtoc attacked hotly for a few minutes but the defence was good, and a long punt by Baty changed the venue. Widnes male a rapid invasion and Halligan smartly dropped a goal from the base of the " Serum." Warrington were again in a minority, but not for long. Burgess passed out at cen're and Fish comiog inside made the runnin ; for Isher wood and Dickenson, the latter of whom romped over near the touch line, Fish again failing at goal. Baty tried to get ahead by dropping from centre, but hi; attempt failed. Fish made another dash down touch only to be hemmed in near the line. Smart comb'nation afforded him anather opening and he this time miise I the pass, only to make amends by accepting a chance given him by Burgess andacoring try number three at the corner. No goal again. A brief cessation was caused through in- juries to Boardman and Aspey who collided in midfield. i Widnes came again and were rewarded with a second goal,Alford doing the trick from a mark in nice position Burgess struck an opponent and was cautioned by the referee, the interval arriving with the seer!, Warrington 3 tries (9 points), Widnes 2 goals 1 try (7 points). Aspey restarted and some warm work followed, both sides playing a desperate game. Warrington seemed the fresher set, and the forwards heeled out finely. D:ckenson made a smart run but hold the bill too long. Another fine movement by the three-quarters was spoiled by Isherwaod who dropped an easy pas with anlopen field before him. Fish received at centre and again beat all opposition till within 4 stride of the lino when Kinsella tackled effectually once more. Exciting play followed, Hallett keeping Wienes on the defence by splendid fielding and punting. Boardman profited by a mull and passed to Fairtmral who ran strongly to the corner and scored. Fish this time landed a goal. Warrington now, overplayed Widnes at every point. Fish delighted his admirers with another grand run, punting to Baty:, and then grassing the ex-county full-back in vigorous style. Fine follow- ing up by the forwards rot another try for Warrington, Eden being the scorer, after Morrison and Fairhurst had handled the ball. Fish missed the goal once more, and then completed the discomfiture of the " Chemicals " by / sunning in at the corner from Duckworth's pass. Final : Warrington, 1 goal 6 tries (20 points); Widnes, 2 goals 1 try (7 poinA).

===== 0002601_19001109_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Runcorn too good for Stockport.

The time-honoured meetings between Runcorn and Stockport have always been looked upon as games to contest the championship of Cheshire. As a gate-draw- ing fixture nothing excels with Stockport as a visit from Runcorn, nd there was no exception to the rule on Saturday. The match was fraught with interest, and it was a pity that neither team c luld play its lull strength, for Runcorn still had the two Butterworths off, whilst Jolley and Reece were also abgentees. On the other hand, Hodgson, having damaged his shoulder, was not included in the Stockport team, and Bevaß, too, acted as a spectator. Stockport started, and, after Warder had made a shocking miss, • they settled down in the Runcorn half, and it was not long before Oram and Company were troubling the defence, Up to now both teams had been going strong, but Stock/pert fell away, and with Crocker as unsafe as quicksands the attacks of the opposing forwards were never comfort- able. Oram raised the seige and aided by Trotter, who

===== 0002601_19001109_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Aim

===== 0002601_19001109_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
For

ronchitis and

Chronic Coughing.

A mother tells how Scott's Emulsion benefited herself and her baby.

MRS. ALICE GORE (Prom a Photograph.)

14, Victoria Avenue, Lauden Road, Small Heath; Birmingham, January 15t1i; 1900; %,

Gentlemen,—l think it my duty to inform you of the great benefit I havo derived from taking your Scott's Emulsion. Having read such a lot of good accounts of your preparation I decided to give it a trial, so sent to you for a sample bottle for my baby, who was cutting his teeth with bronchitis: He quite got rid of his cough and bronchitis. I decided to try it for myself. having a chronic cough and weak chest, and used it with the same beneficial effects. Whenever I have a slight cold or cough I shall certainly take it in preference to any other medicine. I shall certainly recommend Scott's Emulsion whenever an opportunity offers.

Yours gratefully, (Signed) (Mrs.) ALICE GORE: paration will yGu find the same ingredients or I the same process of manufacture. Our trade mark—which is known in nearly every country in the world— stands kr something beyond the ordinary specific or the qw,ck nastrum. hcott's Emulsion is a standard remedy and may be relied upon to accomplish it purpose in the system, which is more than can be said of many other remedies. If you are con- • vinc?d that a remedy Ike Scott's Emulsion is what you need, it certainly doesnottpay you to spend your money in Experimenting with TRADE MARE. unknown and untried prep Arations. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsiota bY sending threepence to cover postage to Scott & Bowne, Limited, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C., and mentioning the name of this paper. All chemists a.til Scott's Emulsion.

IT is indeed essential that every household should be familiar with a remedy that can be absolutely relied upon to cure the ordinary maladies from which no household is entirely free. Coughs and colds, bronchitis and inllueuzs, pay their regular visits in spite of every care, and once a remedy is known to cure these ailments it occupies an import- ant place in the family. Scott's Emulsion is especially a household remedy, because it has such a wide range of usefulness. The majmi:y of all the common maladies of life result from a weak and defenceless state into which people unconsciously drift. Then a sudden change in the weather, or any strain to which the system is sub- jected, results in an acute cpld or bronchitis, or any one of many ills. By immediately relieving the thr.at and lungs, and by giving to the system resis- tive powft and strength, Scott's Emulsion undoubtedly prevents many more serious complica- tions. This nreparation is a special form of cod- liver oil blended with hypophosphites of lime and soda, and glycerine. Iu no other pre-

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated eirectua

.VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLIL-100 Worms ii Bag and Moss 6d; Hooks to gut, 6cl and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to is 6d pc dozen; gut Casts, three yards 2id. 4d, 6d and 9d each ; {3 ut Bottoms with one hook attached one yard 2d, two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for id ; porcupines, id cach ; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d and Is per box.

WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE. MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe). ESTABLISHED 1886.

MONEL—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, rub liefty, Fees, or Law Costs. From One Month to Five Years. THE NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK. 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, MANCHESTER. Estab. 1875. The Directors of this well-known old-established Bank are Prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary cash assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrower's simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, ors the end of a stated period. Apply, in strictest confidence, to Mr. ROBERT JAMBS, Manager. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge _110:2" limivary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectiorlble Ina" office routine is entirely dispensed with. NOTE.—SPECIA.LLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS_F_V, LOANS ON LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES, EMUS/WWI-1J AND SECOND MORTGAGES.

,„,,.,-) /' <,'/-__,%•4, .11) ,(0 2 • '' --7----:- ' 1\ 1 ,\_•,. ‘---_,•, ; , ,or,---- tTo. • .7-,-;---,--N, ‘, \,,.., -, ): • i -; \----,*%) ~.... 1 '.e, , , • • , ).: ..... I - % V 1, . . i I i 111 1 ,<) .. ~ _ ..., ~. ‘

10.4.1157 1 - g / lie • ( .

===== 0002601_19001109_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19001109_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
14.0r"'

===== 0002601_19001109_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ _ _ , • _ _ _ _ - - _ _ - - • , 'Ol • *- • ; ,•••• - - - - - _ _ - •". • 1 • A - •••-•, •44 - - - •_._ - • _ _

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9 1906

===== 0002601_19001109_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ItAILWAI TRW, TABLE

OCTOBER.

FROM WARRINGTOS

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28. 10 20, 12 19, 15.2 55 6 20, 5 35,6 2', 7 20. Sundays 10.15 am. Altoar and Hillhouse .-7 15 8 35,111 2, 119. a 3 22. al 0. a 5 6, .6 15.a7 15 a 9 25 3un lays 936 2 5,8 55. a Stops if requiren. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 53. 53 23.7 10, 3,45 11 57 15.25,520.622,720 1134. Sundays 2 58. 10 15,4 5, 11 35 aMondays excepted bliondays only Birmingham Midlandi-5 51,. 9 58, 11 55. 1255, 3 7, 522 6 55.11 52. Sundays 11 15 am. 420.5 15 p.m Blackburn -5 45, 8 35. 955, 11 51. 2 10. 4 50, 6 28.8 50. Sundays 843. 6 0. Bla.cirpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56. II 41, 12 25, 2 10,3 50, 4 50, 6 28, 7 17, 8 50.9 13. Sundays 8 43. 3 356 0. Bolton— 8 '5, 9 25, 10 41, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43. 7 it, 920, Sundays 843 a.m55 15. 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 50. 1225, 210, 4 50,9 55. Sun- days 335,9 54. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 5.10 23. 11 31.12 33 140 2 15. 2.21 3 16, 422.5 764 744, 10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7.45 1, 1 35, Collins Green-7 5. 85, 8 35, 10 10.12 7. 2 35, 3 43, 5 15, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25. 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe—a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10, 8 28. 9 45. 11 57, 1 5. 2 5, 5 20, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 2 58. 10 15 4 5.11 35.aMondaya excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95. 12 25. 2 29. 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p m. Derby (Midland)-5,51. 3 45. 9 53, 11 55, 12 55, 3 7, 4 17 522. 6 55, 11 52 Sun +lava 515 o.rn airiest°. n—s 45, 75, 8 5,8 25,8 35, 9 25, 10 13.10 20,10 55 12 7, 12 25 115, 2 35. 340 3 50, 5 15, 52P 33,7 2. 7 40, 925, 10 30 Sundays,7 4)8 35,8 43.a.m.5 10 6 0,7 57,9 0,4 Fiddler's Ferry & Penk,th —7 33. 8 25, 9 4i. .11 53.1 53 3 20 515, 6 17, 80. 9 48. 35511,,, 9 5. 2 43. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5 10 23. 12 25, 2 30. 3 15. 4 23, 57, 6 4 744 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cbe.,hire Line')—? '5 7 57. 3 31.9 5. 10 512 0 15. 210, 4 C 529 70. 810 50 40, dlO 25.11 39 Sundays 9, 9 55, 11 22, 2 39, 7 10. 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only. baturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 57 11 50.12 25 2 10.4 50 955 S inclays 957 Golborne-5 45, 75.8 35. 1055. 1325 I 15,3 53. 5 3) 7 14 9 55. Sundays 8 43.6 0. Hough tireen--7 12, 757. 8 31. 95. a 9 30, 10 5. 12 0, 15, 2 10,4 296 15.7 15. 80. b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 0,9 31 11 25,239, 918. aSaturdays only' bStturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0.7 55. 82. 7 10. 915 Sundays 8 45, 1014. 3 15, 5 15. 7 18 9 35. Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14, 2 33, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 7 8. a 7 4 5 9 27. Sundays 850, 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. A N.-W.)-3 sa, 51. 5 25. 75. 85, 8 35 9 25,10 55,12 7.12 25.2 35 3 205 20. 6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35. 843. 328.510 60. 9 54. From High Level Platform. alliondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level I'latform)-7 30. 825, 109 11 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 15, 6 17.8 0, 9 '3. Sariii.vs 95. 2 41, 80 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15. 7 57, 95, 10 26, 120, 113. 210. 221. 3 37. 40. 64. 810. 911. 945. 1023 11 20 11 59. Sundays 4 30, 5 33. 9 J, 9 55.11 22,2 41,2 39, 7 10, 28, 9 18,10 18, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 nainires past the hour. LOll4Oll IL. A N. W.)-2 586, a 3 23, 7 10, 8 28. 9 45,10 20. 11 57. 2U. 5 20, 6 22,11 34. undays 2 58, 10 15.45, 11 35, Him:lday s excepted aMondays only. London (Midlaud)-5 51,8 46. 958. 11 37.12 55, 3 14a, 5 22, 6 55, 611 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m.. 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays Only. Mondays accepted. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20,? 22,8 0.8 35. 9 0.9 55 10 49,12 36. 1 14,2 23. 3 38. 4 11. 5 18. 613, 78. a 7 45. 9 27 Sundays 350. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. 3; N.-W.) 5 45. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 104 .10 55,12 18.12 25,1 15,2 21,3 32. 4 26. 5 32, 6 43, 7 17, 8 8,9 2). k 3 . Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60. 7 57 From High Level Plattorm. Manchester (From Arpley Station)— 617 7 22. 7 57, 832 90, 9 58. 1049. 114. 3 34. 411. 613. 73. 927, IA 40, Sundays 850. 3 8. 8 12,11 42. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 9, 755. 8 2,8 55, 92, 955 1055 1123.11 55, 1255. 1 55.2 55, 3 55. 4 55.5 b g 55,7 13 7 55, 8 13. 8 5 5.9 15, 9 55. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 9 35, 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 102). 2 55, 5 35.7 20. Moore-7 40,10 20,12 10, 1 5.2 55,5 35. 720. SIMIAVII 10 1 A.WI Newton-le-Willows— 3 :0 5 45,7 5 8 5, g 35,a9 19. 10 20 11 40 10 5512 25, 1 15,2 59, 3 32, 350, 4 26, 4 50. 520. 6 43, 717 9 20, 9 55. 1030. Sunoays 843 a m 3 35, 515. 60,7 57, 9 54a via Kenycn Padgate-7 0,7 55, 82, 8 40, 10 35,11 23.12 0 1220. 1 40,3 55 5 28,7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, ? 44, 5 15, 935 rreston-5 21, 515 3 35. 9 55, 11 51, 25, 2 10, 350 4 50, 628 7 17. 850, 940 a-9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. aSattr-clays only. ltuncorn-7 33, 82", 945, 109. 1 55. 3 20. 5 15, 6 17. 8 0 Sankey (tor Penketl)-7 15, 7 56. 95, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10, 2 58, 4 0, 5 29. 615. 7 5. 8 0, 9 25, a 9 40 510 25. Sundayr 9 0. 11 22, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSaturdays exceptA b3aturdays only, cNio 'nays only. (0 L.C.) 0 'reified (Midland) via Chinley and fore Line-8 46 10 55 1 55, 255 3 14,4 7. 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, st Helens— 7 5, 85, 8 35. .0. 10 55. 11 53. 12 7 1225. 2 35 3 40. 5 20, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 33 Sundays 8 35.8 43,6 0.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 119 3 22,5 6, 6 15, 7 15,9 25. Sundays 9 31,2 5, 8 55, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 15. 7 20.8 0.8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,1236,3 14,2 23, 338, 411, 5 18, 613. 78,a7 45.9 27. Sundays, 8 50. 3 8, 8 12. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) —7 56, 9 o 15 5, 11 5, 12 0, 15, 2 1,., 258. 40, 5 29, 6 15, 75,8 10, 9 25. ab 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 31, 2 39, 9 18, 10(iSaturday excepted. sSaturdav,. only. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-) —7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 20, 5 15,6 17, 80. 948. Sundays, 95, 2 40. 80. Wigan— 523.5 45,7 5,8 35.9 56,10 55.11 53,12 25, 1 15. 2 10 2 59, 3 50,4 50,5 20. 6 23.7 17.3 5), 9 43.9 55 Sundays, d 43. 35, 6 0. 9 55

POSTAL INFO lIIIA.TION

PoST OFFICE, WARRINGTON

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the time to which a Letter can be ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 n a.rn —Newton-le-Willowa b 45 a.m.—Wigan

6-0 a.m.—Wird-nei, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsharn. Helgby. Dtrestniry,and Moore a.m.—Lymn, Thel wall, Newchnrch —Bewgey, GrappenhAil, HeatUgy 11,gath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, btretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 100 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford _ _

_ 9-0 a.m.— Manr.hester. Bolton, OldhArn. qac3lestlell, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S E. Lancashire. 9,30 am.—London, Southern and South-Weltern Counties Central. South Wales. and FOreirs. and St. Helena 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhea I. So r,h3ort, aaci the Isle Ma a.m,—ganchester, Bolton, Oldhsm. North '.Vales and Ireland. m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. Ragland. Wigan. cotlani, Liverpool. Prescot, Southoort, Birk enheaa, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. Runc'wn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.--Chester. Wrexham, Llandulno. Shrewsbur North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Li verp iou'howt, On =kir C. Bah. Borist Rxeter _Gloucester. Plycnouth. Yorkshir ,ulhiste _ _ _ _

. _ 8 East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Curnly!rland, W:g3n Bolton 2-15 p.m. Preston Brook. Button

2-30 p.m--Liverpool Southport, B!rkonhwtd, Northwich

kautwir.h ant Sancibieh . 2.45 p.m.—Frodshtm, Frod3hina Bridge. Relsby. Wirineq. Penketh, %lucre, Runcorn. and Newchureh. Newton-1.3- _ .

Willows, Ylancnester 3-) p m -Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge. L tbchford, Padgste and Bewsey 3.15 p,m.—Lymrn. Thelwall. Ifeatley 3-15 p He'ens 4-0 in. —Manchester

5 ii.rm Liverpo )i and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peta-banugh. East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-It. Lincashire, and We Cumber-

land 5-45 p m.—Seurdays only. Queenstown an. t the U.S. America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-3. p.m.—Preston. West Cumberland. Liverpool, Birkenhead

Ormslerk Isle of Man. arid Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mail Desp itch. AU Part3-1C45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 pin :—London. Pri-dlands, South Eastern and South

Counties. and Foreign Letters and otreeis Are delivereol in town at 7 a.m.. 12 noon, 3-45 p m.. and 6-15 p.m. except on Thurad ys whan the 345 p.m. delivery is suspetaded.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM.

&atm 14. Hee —6 33. 7 40, 8 52, 10 57, 120. 3 35, 4 45, 720 830 Suwisy 7 55 4 42. Altemr end Hillhouse-11 26, 12 44, 7 18, 8 24 a 9 57 Sundnys 9 20, 2 21: 8 22. aSaLuraays exennted . .

lifrineham (L. &N. w.)-3 10 550 720 910. 12 25, 20 335 5 50.7 25. Sundays 3 10. 12 40. 70.

Birmingham (Midland)-65. 7 42. 8 59 1148. 125 2 45' 5 45,6 50.10 34 11 19. Sunday 4 15, am 40.11 19 p m Blaclcburn-13 30.10 48.12 30. 1 55, 3 47, 750 suimay„. 80. 22 540, 913. 131Ackpool (Talbot Roadl-8 5, 9 55, 10 40. 11 40 1 40. 3 15, 5 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 1?„ Bl.c1(0001 r(Central) —7 25, 8 25.9 10.10 0,11 25, 1 5, 2 55, 4 58.6 50,a3 15 Sundays 7 10.1 15.4 57,8 25. a leaves at 9 on Wednesdays and Saturdays during October. Bolton-5 45, 6 4r. 7 55, 8 35, 99 10, 1025. 1 5. 2 '5. 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 8 15 a.m., 65, 9 25 P.m. a Saturdays only Carllsle—al2 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45. 12 58, 1 40, 4 22. 5 55, 42. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0. 8 41,41110n1i,t excepted. Chester-7 25.8 46. 9 40, 10 12, 10 50, 11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 3) 3 50,5 10,5 15. 6 35, 7 35.810.8 50. Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,6 55 Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24. 11 23, 12, 38 1 38. 2 10, 35, 4. 1. 5 3E, 623, 6 33, 7 47, 96. 10 43, Sunday 8 1a .m. 7 15 p.m. Crewe-4 45. 60,6 33.8 13.9 29, 1125, 11 31, 3 21, 3 115 ti 45 640. 85. 90. SundAvg 455. 710. 245 4 13.921 DaresburY —8 16, 10 17. 11 27. 2 52, 5 63. 3 43. Sundays 7 21. a.m. 45 p.m. Derby 9 35, 10 25.1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47, 75 8 8 12, • 7, 935, Sundays 3 35. 7 33, 6 23. 6 55. alr'occept, goadtvs. EarleBtowo-6 53, 7 13, 8 46, 9 20. 9 45. 10 26, 11 29 1242. 12 0,142,b 4 13, 314. 515. 5 52. 630 7 33. 8 8 92), alo 4:6 aIZ o,SuudayB 8 33.9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24a Satutday

Fiddler's Ferry & 'Penketh-7 12, 95, 9 4, 12 3. 2 9. 327 54 6 2.6 54, 9 14. stir,,b,vs 8 2.257. 52. Frodshara-7 55 9 1. 10 1, 11 11. 2 31, 4 11. 5 36. 6 57. 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80, 90, 9 50. 10 48 12. 0, 12 t 6. 2 11. 3 2, 4 49. 5 6. 5 55, 6 57. 724 9 1 Sundays 8 10. 9 10. ^ 40. 3 9,4 42. A 51, 8 54, Glaspv,-9 5. 10 0. 2 0.2 1, 5 55. Sundays 5 50. 95, t,olnorne-6 44. 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2, 41. 435 5 30, 7 15 9. Sundays 9 40, 75. 'lough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103. 1055. 1.9 1 30, 2.22 3 18, 3, 5 21, 6 7.7 11,7 38,9 15. Sundays 8 23, 9 20. 3.23 4 55.9 4, 910. lrlam and Cadishead (Con.-.ral) -7 35 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 SuriSays 10 59. 6 23. 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-8 1 8 40. 9 29,10 2 11. 16. 12). al 45. 213 3 0,4 22. 55 41. 67. 6 49, 7 49.1 42 1127. Sulidava 8 23, 2 33, 7 23. aSetu days nly. btiaturdays ex, )P'-ed. Liverpcxil (via 3arlestown)-a2 55. 6 1,7 50, 80. 8 35.9 25. 1.1 0.11 t.,0.1 5. 1 30,3 0 4 20. 450,5 35.7 5.8 25, 1115. Sunday 1 0 7 30. 9 20, 630,8 40 agondays only. b iaturdays only. V:it \Wry-i (1,. Sz NW.)-S 25, 8 23, 95, 9 51, 12 31, 126 2 35,3 35 4 20. 5 23,6 5.8 33, alo 45. Sundays 733, 2 10. 7 15 10.45. asl iturdays or'y Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.23, 7 10, 7 43,5 21. 9 3,3 938 10 30. 11 15.11 53, 12 30, 1 0, 1 30 1 55 2 3 53 4 30,4 30 4 55 5 30,5 36. 6 35,7 30, 8 30, 843,9 bundys 7 E,O. 9 C, 2 30,2 50 420 6 30, 8 30. London (L N NV)-b 15 7 10. i 025 12 15, 215 4 15, 5 30 120 Sundoys 10 0, 5 30, 12 0. London (Midlandl-5 15. 90, 10 5.13 10. 20 4 0, 5 0, 645 915 i2O. Suneays 3 15, 120. aexeept, Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 32, 9 20. 9 51, 11 8, 1 11. al 37. 25. 250 4 14,b5 3.5 f 9,6 4), 7 41, 9 33,11 19. Sundwa 81.5,2 257 15 aSaturdays only. bSaturdays EI`CC3O".., 1. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 13 5. 8 31, 9 5, 9 40 10 45, 12 111,1 5. 1 35,2 40.3 45, 4 20, 5 15. 6 0. 7 5, 8 0. 9 23. 10 40, Sundays. 8 0, 8 30, 90, 60, '0 40 Ssturdays excepted. anchoiter (London-row-1)-7 25 7 51,9 25, 10 35, 12 35 1 5a 2C, 340. b 55. 520. 65, 75. 055. 10 45 Sundays 733 1 40, 630 b iaturdar s wroc.nt-41,1. aSal'urigv, 091 r. Manchester (ohe,birp T,)tv..)--6 45, 7 20. 2 31, al 5, 9 31 9 38.10 30. 1035, 11 30,1? 31, 12 50 13). 2 30. 330. 430. 4 01.5 30. 6 :1). 6 32. 730 13 31. 11 0, 11. 0. Sundays 95. 9 3a.hi un. 20 u 5, 6 35 820, 9 40. a Saturdays only. Middiewle -A 48, 2 39, 6F. Moore-8 56,9 5, 7,1 9. 12 14,7 47.5 0.7 909 ln Newton- 3 55.7 26; 49. 9 6,9 90, 10 9,10 7.2,11 9. 1233.12 46 1 5 1 58. 37, 4 7,4 51, 5 10, 5 35 5 49, 6 27. 7 3n, 2 0. 9 155 9 55. 11 4.a11 47, EtirdßTs 8 30, 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20. 11 Eat.ird: nniv • }l'd" 7 F' 7 48, 8 26. 9 n 100 1 14. 9. 5, 5 18 73, 9 0 11 ,lrly• 853. 11 16. 2 32 9 19,. 1 n 13. Freston 2 9. 5 50, 90. 9 30 .11 15. 11 93, 1 21. 3,4 21 6 8 30. 9 45. 10 4q. Sundays 29, 835, 30, 610. 10 47 aNionds Runcorn 839, 919 1015, 12 30. 1 25, 32, 4 41 5 41 6 27. 810 9 53. Sank,--6 53 756, 3'. 9 37. 10 9,0 n 24.12 33, 160 2 40, 5 31, 6 22, 726. 8 6 9 32. Suud6Ys, 3 37 10 8. 3 37., 5 7. 9 22. Sh liel.l-8 25. 11 5. 1 55, 55.70, 8 21 Sunclays.B 10, 6 10. st. Ho is --a 9n, 6 55. 80. 2 23. 90.10 5. 1 r 11. 11.2). 12 5 1 ..1 55. 2 5. 4 30, 5 25,6 10. 6 55. 7 25. 550 10 30,Sunday, 7 OD.. 9 35.6 55 9 5. ,sou ,our• -25, 1n 10,11 11.1225 25 23). 3 55, 70, 8 5 9 5)',. 940 Sin, :.r 90.20, 8 0. aSaturklAr _ Th S 10. 35, 925. 958. 1113. 11.5. 141.292 '5 4 5 719 37, 6 3 645, 7 45. 9 37, 1123. Swidays, 819. 229 . lAtienea (Chrshire Line)-8 90. 0 25, 10 10. 1 12,12 25 ' 25. 2303 34 4 25, 5 12. 612. 716 7 58, 9 22, 11 40, asun- ri,cs 8 30 3. 30. 5 0. 9 10 9 20. a Saturdays only. _ WienFs ( L N V 7- 75 8 56, 933 1033, 11 55. 1? 57. 2 2 A 21, 3 58, 4 55. 5 55. 6 46, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 2 taJ 7 54. 11 2. Wivan- 2 39,6 33, 8 15, 926. 9 56. 10 0.11 22, 12 15. 145 26, 6 70,6 5, 7 5, 9 0,10 30, Sundays 2 39 9 30 a 25 6 53, 11 13, •

===== 0002601_19001109_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE ... High-it,, Newton POSTMASTER tdr.James Jordan Ho irs of j Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. Sundays? to 10 a.m. Boa closes at 5- 41 p.m. rho Tele.Tapia Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to Bp. n , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 t.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.rn , 215, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. I.EFTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m., 12-30,ani 3.30 p.m

LIST OF DESPATCHES Showingthetime to which a letter can tp, olil with ordin ary- Postage, and with an extra halfpenny stamp; MAILS

0 rdi nary Postage.

1 Extra ____. id. Stamp

5-0 a.m.

Ashton-in-Makerfleld,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crowe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Acefington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blickpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Orniskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan. Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.lietens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N:ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DF-91ATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

LO-30 "

1 -10 ..

2-15 p.m.

RECEIVING HOUSE, ABE CL F. RECEIVING HOUSE— Earlestown

10-35 a.m

S ÜB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubsbaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

i 2-20 p.m. 1

SIIB-OFFICES, AND W .LL BFXS :A.RED AS FOLLOWS: • WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.nt., 12-20. 1-30, and 3p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. anti 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. _ _ __

. - - 9-25 a.m. and 6-55 u.m. 6 40 a.m. and 11.30 pan. *These are Telegrapi. 08.El:es a?so

4 33 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 R.M. 10-30 a.m.

WALL Bov.te- -',Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborno Legh Street. Lowton Chtpel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton. Vulcan Village ...... Burtonwood (Providence Place) arcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at B trles- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters.

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 am.. 12 noon, E 7 p m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.m. and 5 45 p.m. 9.33 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.3) a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

I i 13-15 a.m. I t

===== 0002601_19001109_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FABIAN LECTURE IN THE DRUIDS' HALL.

What to do with thej Liquor Traffic.

The first of a series of F Lbian educational lectures was delivered by Mr S D Shallard in the Druidb' Hall, Sankey-street, last Thursday evening. The subject was" What to do with the liquor traffic." The Rev FE Powell, MA. (vicar of St James') pre- si

The CHAIRMAN said he had two very urgent rete,ons tor being present at that meeting. Firstly from a perusal of Fabian literature during the last few years he had found hipself being drawn more and wore to the Fabian position. It was very seri- ous for him and for others who felt themselves drifting in the same direction if the indictment of Mr Geoffry Langtott in this month'a "Fortnightly [ Review " could be sustained, According to this [ writer anyone who had aNything to do with social-' ism must either be a fool or a knave. The writer [ denounced both Liberals and Conservatives alike for reading the opinions of such mischievous, monsters as those who advocated anything in the. direction of socialism. He (the Chairman), was pleased to be that. night the leader of such a pack. (flear, hear.) Ile only diff,tred from Mr Langtottiu believing that the paek so far from degrading and destroying England was rather engaged in re - morsele,,sly pursuing those causes which were at work destioying and degrading much that was best in our national life. It was true that individualism was a force which they must all respect. (Rear, hear.) It was a force which had accomplished much in the past, much that was good and much also that was bad. Social- ism was a force with which the world was called upon to reckon, and he belleved that both the forces he had mentioned were necessary in human society because it was in the opposition of forces that true progress was made. Tnat night Mr Shaliard w..s present to tell them how to deal with the liquor trsffic. As a clergyman, with daily, almost hourly experience of the terrible effects of our unhappy drinking cus- toms, the persoual and moral aspect of the temper- ance question touched him very forcibly indeed. Those who read tne newspapers must have been sickened at the account of those drunken orgies which disgraced London on Monday night. (Hear, hear.) He thought such terrible scenes at the dawn of the 20th century should make them consider whether whatever reputation for self-control and self respect we as a nation might have, was not in grave danger of being altogether forfeited. (Hear, hear.) In addition to the moral and personal aspect of the temperance question, there was the politica and social aspect, and the solution of the problem lay in the municipalisation of the liquor traffic. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SHALLARD pointed out that it was necessary to strike out a new path in temperance reform. In spite of all the efforts of temperance workers], very little progress had been made, in fact the tnirst for blood during the last quarter of a century seemed to have produced a greater national thirst for drink. (Hear, hi-ar.) It was necessary to take some other step. The lecturer proceeded to deal in detail with the three serious proposals before the country for dealing with the drink traffic namely local veto, the Gothenburg system, which had been I advocated by the Bishop of Chester, and the munici- palisation of the traffi e With regard to the first proposal, the lecturer said it would lead to prohibition in certain neighbourhoods. He con- tended that the first aim of temperance advocates ought to be directed towards preventing drunken- ness rather than the stoppage of the sale of drink. He showed by numerous illustrations in America land elsewhere that prohibition had failed to bring about the desired object. Sheebeening and a con- tempt for the law followed the introduction of [ prohibition and it was generally the case that just ! outside the prohibition area a large number of [ drinking saloons were to be found which catered in various ways for those inside the prohibition area. In dealing with this matter they must take human ! nature as they found it. He referred at length to [ the Gothenburg system and pointed out that this bad only been a partial success owing to the fact that the system only dealt with spirits and not with wine and beer. So far as the system had been [ adopted it had certainly reduced drunkenness from !spirit drinking. The profits had been utilised on objects which tended to be counter-attractions to the trade and the managers of the drink shops were only given a commission on non-ilcoholic liquors. His thought they could learn a lesson from the ! Gothenburg system and that was the desirability of municipalising the drink traffic in this country. By getting the control of the trade, the public would be able to bring about a great improve- ment and they would be able to do this ! without receiving opposition from persons with private interests at stake. In communities where there was a strong feeling for prohibition this could he brought about much easier when the trade was in the hands of the public than at the present time when it was to the interest of private individuals to sell drink.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF ALDERMAN JOSEPH HARRISON.

Owing to continued ill-health Alderman .Joseph Harrison has resigned the position of High Bailiff of the Warrington County Court a position which he has held for the last 30 years and upwards. Mr. Harrison has been connected with the court ever since it was instituted and while he has been High Bailiff there have been three judges, viz., Judges Harding, Wynne Ffoulkes, and biwynne James and three Registrars, I%lessrs William Nicholson, E J Nicholson, and T J Ridgway. Under the County Courts Acts the position of High Bailiff now dc- volves on the Registrar, Mr. T. J. Ridgway. In addition to his resignation of the position of High Bailiff of the Warrington County Court owing to continued ill health, Alderman Harrison has also for the same reason tendered his resignation of the position of alderman of the County Borough of Warrington.

Alderman Ilarrison entered the Council as repre- sentative of the South West Ward in November, 1864 and has thus merved thirty-six years without a break. On the 3rd of April, 1897, by the unani- mous von of the Council, the honorary freedom of the Borough was conferred upo'n him in recognition of his emin-mt public services. lie was the oldest member of the Council.

Alderman Harrison's resignation causes an Alder- manic vacancy, In accordance with the decision of the Council to confer the honour upon the Councillor who has given the longest continuous service, the po•ition will fall to Councillor F W Monks. In that event there will be a vacancy in Whitecross Ward.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY

COURT.

FRIDAY.—FtAfore .Mn _Registrar Rbizway.

Re Joßre NICoL. -Mr. Johnson (assistant official receiver), inforined the Court that this debtor who hail carrie4 on trainess as a watch-maker and j-weller In linttermarket- street, had tiled an account which disclosed the fact that not withstanding the denial he gave at the public examination with regard to the pawning of goods there was a pawning, and goods sent to him on approbation were included amongst those gcods.—Mr. Fowler who appeared for the debtor said if there was my feeling in the mind of the Official Receiver that the debtor pawned the goola with intent to defraud he should like to examine him on that point.—The Registrar : I don't think that arises now.—The examination was closed. Re WILLIAM JOTINsOv JoHNSOIV.—The Asststant Official Receiver stated that at the sitting of the Warrington County Court oa Thursday last week an order was made declaring the settlement of the debtor's void and he asked for the court to adjourn the examinition sine cl,e. If it should be necess try—whicb was most unlikely—to go on aith the examination, an application could be made to re-open the matter,

Re ik•rrcua PF.Rcivai..—This debtor who is a gas stave fit- ter, residinv at 135, Manchester-road, Warrington cunts up f.r his first public examination in bankruptcy. —The Regis- trar remarked that the statement of the debtor was very un- eatisfactory.—The t-xemination was closed.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
There is Security in A few drops en the toothbrush every inorning OARTER3IS left • ,:„. . : 'IRE- , Of Small PM. Small Do,scoe. sozonoNT Will Sweeten tlra 'Breath all day. and make all the difference be. 4ths, _.4re Sick Headache, t" •een— ißiliousness. Torpid Liver, Indi- aood Teeth and Bad Teeth. gestion, Constipation, Dizziness. , 'White Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Furred Tongue. Th(•%, Touch the I Liver. , rretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth /Int be sure they ars CARTER'S. I. Complete in Toilet Case, with Tonal Powder, so.

LER PILLS 8211 Pr ,Autely cut

===== 0002601_19001109_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING, BOOKBINDING. LITHOGRAPHY, &C.,

PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

;JOHN WALKER, & CO., THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY MEE:.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON UNION ASSESS- MENT COMMITTEE

A meFting of this committee was held in the Board -Kim at the Workl.ouse on Friday. Mr G Pillin pre- sided and there wr-rn also oresent—Mesgrs A J JonQy. W Boughton, S D,vies, J Clarke, E L 13-mt, A JMley, J with Me;crs J C Sirtln (clerk),S Sutton (Assist- ant clerk), W H Woodcock (Assistant uverseer), S Owen (att.isran. valu E C E Cooper (tasistant overseer for Winwick)

===== 0002601_19001109_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATEABLE VALVE OF THE TOWN.

Mr. Wo HCOCK gave a brie f summary of the year's work. He pointed r that th^ nor increase in the list durinx the LIAM-year was £1.069. The total increase for the year amounted to £12•063. At the present time the rateable valup øt trle Borough stood At £234409. THE ASSE9'MANT OF THE LONGFORD HOTEL.

• Mr BROW on behalf of the licensee of the Longford Hotel Repealed against the increav in the assessment from £lOO to £l5O. He remarked that the as-e.ssment was temporarily fixed at £lOO twelve months ago. There wete several reasons whr it should not he in. creased. The rent was only £75. There were twelve empty houses out of thirty in the immediate neighbour- hood. fie observed that the committed were bound to take into account all the surrounding circumstances and the most important surrounding circumstances were Longford depot, and Mr Toole's place. (Laughter.) The consequence was that people would not stop in the houses and there was no likelihood of any other houses being built there for some time to come. The most im- portant point; was that during the erection of Winwick Asylum 2000, men were enipioyed. but now only ao-alt 200 were working there. 'moat w.Juld mske a material aifference to the trade of the hotel. The bowling creen would not be opened for another sea-on and the staUeH were only used occasinaalle. I: was decided to reduce the assessment to £125

VALVE Fel REPC,R Mr OWEN reported that since th,-. last msettng h. had made the following valuations and inspection.; :—ln th. township of Great Sankey, M,r3ey Whir. Lead Corr - papy Ssnkey Bridges. Additious, gross, £47 10. ; rate- able, £33 Clare and Rilgway. Sankey, store yard and siding, gross. £2l ; rateable. £l9. In the township of Warrin.c.ton, Messrs ylands, Br: 8.. Dalt°, -batik. Wai- rington.—The Valuer re)orted that he insptcteo these works Ns instructed, and fund that the fixing of machinery was not vet completed. He was of opinion that the present occupation of the works and the we if so much of the machinery as was completed should Bo assessed at—gross. £4OO ; rateable, £320, The worlts should be inspected a •-ain in about 6 montr'S' Messrs Pendlebury and Co., Dallatmlarie, office, stables and yard, gross £3O. rateable £25 104. no alteratiDos Coal sidings. gross £7O. rateable £59 103, to be reduce to gross £4O. rateable £34.—Magion Bros., office and stsff, gross £2O, rateab.e £l7. to he reduced to gro s £l5, rateable £l3. Shop occupied by Nir Mortfried'e, gross £l9 103, rateable £l6 104, to he recuced to gro4s £l4 103, rateahlo £l2. Shr.p, late Harris, gross £2O, rateable £l7, now Empty, assessment to be fixed when let.

The report was adopted. Mr OWEIq having presented a report on the rKult o his enquiries; in other towns Ag to the method of as3egs- ing public buildings, the clerk was irstrect,d to prepare for the next meeting, a li-t of ::11 public, buildings in the Union together with ths-ir present valuations. This was all the businees.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
AuItTHERN BUGBY UNION.

WIDNES Fißs r TEAM.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1900. Pts. 8‘ pt. For A gst 1 Warrington home 3 6 8 Wigan away 0 8 15 Barrow home 10 2 22 Swinton away 2 10 29 Leigh home 2 3 Oct.

6 Salford 13 Runcorn home 10 0 27 Rochdale Horuets away 0 13 Nov. 10 Broughton Rangers home 7 20 17 Oldham away 24 Stockport home Dec. 1 Warrington away 15 Swin, ou home 22 Millom away 29 St. Helens home 1901. Jan. 5 Cldham home 12 Broughton Hangers away 19 Barrow 25 Millom home Feb. 2 Leigh away 9 S. ise'ent 16 H..chtiale Hornet 23 Salford home Mar. 16 Stockport April. 6 Runcorn away 8 Wigan horns

LT, HELENS FIRST TEAM.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURSS AND SCORES.

1900. Pte. Sept. For. Agst. 1 Broughton R home 5 3 8 Rochdale H. home 10 3 15 Warrington away 0 0 2?. Runcorn) home 0 11 29 Wigan home 16 0 Oct. 6 Stockport 13 Oldham away 22 27 Millom —home 2 4 Nov. 30 wlemn :xi—ay 7 0 17 Salford home 24 Warrington home Dec. 1 Stockport away 15 Oldham home 22 Broughton R R way 26 Leigh away 29 Widnes 191. Jan. 5 Thrrow away 12 Leigh hone 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale H. away Feb. • 2 Salford away 9 Widnes home 18 Rot..-orn away 23 Millom away Mar. 16 Swinton away April. 6 Barrow home

===== 0002601_19001109_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Write for Illustrated Catalogue, Post Free.

er 10/- Carriage Paid (unless otherw

00000000

Q17104.Y CORAECT ALT. uumcK IES, OrgriCCTlONS,•and relieve the distressing prevalent with the sex. Boxes,lili & 2/3 (co times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent : on receipt of 15 or 84 stamps, by E. T. TO • •Blatkufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Pew:, of Imitation,, injurious and

MANLY i\IEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness P:emature Hxhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for , my book, which shows tilw every man, young and old, can be thorougtOy and quickly cured without STOMACH MRDICINE or ELBOTHICI FY. Specimens of letters received, awe avarrnteed genui •• I cannot find words to express .11411n.a1l a am. I used to think I never would get; curet. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shot.id have saved many pounds --(IF M."

MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON, W.O.

". I rmve earn i -.1 out your Instructions, and am now pe, fectiy well.—J.F." Book sent Boated, post free, for two stamp. _ _

J. LFIGH, 92 and 93. (Treat Russell Street, L-ndoa, W.O. Send .t one and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Success

CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

Ise state,

A. W. GI- A. IVIALGE , Ltd., HO LIB OrtNr , LON r) OPT, E.C.

_ , 4 I

Tlll4 NSW IntaNGH IthAINDY. 111 E it 4.4. LI.PION• Ibis successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Hicorit liostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots. I lotches, pains amid swell- ings of the joints, kidney. I.ladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, di.cnarges, plies, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, exhaustionstileeplessuess,nervou and physical debility, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3, according to diseases for which intended. Full p.rticulars send stamped addressed envelope for phi= phiet to

THE WANT OF THE Dbl. MAKES STAECHED LINEk• IIKR NEW. rrHF., GREATEST BOON ever of

ered to the Latn;d. re-s-s fly imparting an Ivory finish to tarched Linen. Laces, etc. Sc. does not stick to ap der- web - like nviirrials. Once tried alway :ante& Used in the itoyel Laundries _

Shot.; Id be used ItL erery house. Sold by mint by Starch iiellersiii Packe s, at 3.1., and 64.ZPreparedionly T. CarronLor, 13!a,•Pburu.

Not-zslnilnsThhing stead-M?rMlrea"-/—ies the nerves and clears the brain lik2, a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Ess3nce, In bottles from all Grocers. 01 asusisuusas../

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE LIFE

T S , ..,-,.., •,. ', ,ro Ft :..F' -Eiaist:L.-E,sl:.- -11:7LARITIES, r. 7- ALL P - , r ~... ...,,,., -.. .., .........- cr Intiiatinns, injurious u.-4 um th est

C , • . . . titqL

===== 0002601_19001109_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears• 1•13e1.1(xxl from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Familu Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to' ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confilence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from. whatever reuse arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Sczema, skin and 800 e Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mars, itlous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheuma lc Pains, for it removes the cause from the bloo4l and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls. each of all Chomists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIIii DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless imtations.

filihn 4"r. raft alai. oar Alb. 4 ta ea VAS! ish and nwst raliabla made Iv ORISMA tnek L INVENT9RS and PATERTEcS, VI/H EATSTO Eet Go., LOl4lOO N,W. To BE BAD FROM ALL DZA LEAS. Wheatstone's ;milts° the largest Dubllshers of Concertina 111 Music in the World. /tali $6-paae st tow tor two stamps Irons 20, Conduit Street. 4:l3;wwww,3 .up.wirrwrr.ll.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
rions designs of -k. Patentee of the I'vi-lijat Billiardtnr,. Farm:lu,, Free. Tyrer street, Howlaton Street Liverpool. /Wahl!shed 1847. Telephone 7'3BZ.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
~.... .. . 9... ......... ..,5..,,...... .. „. , • , ,:: . . .. ‘,.. .. s. . .. , ~ . . .. -... . , ......... .... ... •,. . . ~.... „ .•.,. . „ ~ . . ..-. ...•., •-....,• I ~ . 1 .... - • .. • U ', .. . ',.... t S p . ..

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache. Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BP.ECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 11d. (5( pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Bent Ash ...• , Oak (extras

===== 0002601_19001109_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19001109_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

t 4.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
'1 -7F I. ti, •,-,e : !- . ~ . , i ~,,! , ! 0. . 4i ' / . . 1

===== 0002601_19001109_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ;

===== 0002601_19001109_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

; ,

14. 4

===== 0002601_19001109_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Xrtters tq tbc Obitcre

===== 0002601_19001109_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn F.C. Committee and Free

Tickets.

Sir,—l as a member of the Runcorn Football Club almost since its commencement would like to ask a few ,questions. There are complimentary tickets sent to the secretary to be given to the committee, and as it is a fact that all of them cannot get away,what is done with the tickets that are not used ? Members of the commit- tee used to have th. ir names printed on tfloir cards showing they were on the committee, and when they went to a strange ground they had only to present their cards and were allowed on. Now I know that it is im- possible for all the coramittee to attend these away matches. What becomes of these extra tickets? Does the secretary return them or does he distribute them amongst his personal friends, who in some cases are not members of the club and simply follow the team when they want a cheap outing. My enthusiasm for the game, although only a workingman, has led me at various times to follow the team to all the away matches. This, as everyone knows is a great expense, and I have never once had a tick-t given to me, although I have seen them given to non-committee men ; but it this is going on much longer, I for one shall resign, as I do not think it fair. Why can't they be given to the Committee themselves, and if they care to give them away let them do so, as it is the only thing they get far their services ; or give them to the players and let them give them to their friends. I have heard the players complain that they cannot get one for a friend,—Yours FAIRPLAY. Runcorn, N)v. 7, 1900.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Canon Maitland Wood and St. Michael's Bazaar.

Sir,—" One of the Ignorant " must indeed be most ignorant. for in his very unfair and unkind lett,r of aturday last he imputes to Canon Maitland Wood words which he certainly never said. I was standing next to the vicar on the platform at the time and I wish most emphatically to assert that he sever describetl the people of Runcorn as ignorant. It is a deliborate falsehold to say that he did, and the writer, if a gentleman, will retract a:. once. The speech was a humorous one, suitable to the open- ing of a tazaar,and even if in any jocular sense the words in question had actually been spoken it would be most unf air and unusual to treat them as serious but as a matter of fact they were never used at all. As to our lack of riches, it is evident that Runcorn is not a town inhabited by merchant princes or generous millionaires, and therefore we as Church people in com- mon with our Nonconformist friends are quite justified in going afield to invite wealthy outsiders to opera our bazaars. This is all the Vicar said on the point. No man has the interests of the town of Runcorn more at heart than Canon Maitland Wood, and no one has taken a deeper interest in its prosperity and success;— take for example his work in connection with the Tech- nical Institute—and that the people of Runcorn appre- ciate this interest and work, they have more than once shown in no unmistakable manner, and doubtless will again if necessary in spite of the disgraceful personal attack of one who has not the ceurage to sign his own name.—Yours truly,

W. U. STABLES.

Runcorn, November Bth, 1900.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE LOCAL CASES.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC HAS SURPRL,ED EVERYBODY.

BY PERFORMING CURES WHICH WERE SAID TO BE IMPO3SIBLE.

READ THE FOLLOWING LETTERS.

VENO'S 9.EA.WEED TONIC is a marvellous combination of skill and mAicine scientifically prepared by capable men from ingralients never before used in England. Far superior to pills in any form, containing no mineral poisons, and made only from the purest ingredients. It is used in hospitals, and by doctors themselves, because they recognise in it a scientific remedy, and the best pharmaceutical preparation yet produad for stomach, liver,kidney, and blood disease.. It cures indigestion. wind, torpid liver. headaches, general weakness, kidney trouble, and bFod dizeases. It is the natural cure for Constipation. especia ly where there is poor blood. CHRONIC BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

Mr Toole. 8. Warrington New-road,St. Helens, writes to the Ven ) Drug Compan Gent'omen :—I have great pleasure in adding my testimony to the wonderful effect of Veno's Seaweed Tonic and Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. I had been suffering from a bad cough and bronchitis for mere than two years. I have tried doctors • and many different medicines. I have been in the hos- • pital three times, and went to one doctor for 18 months but he did me no good. It has cost me 3s. 6i. per week for more than twelve months for medicine from which I got no benefit. I have not been to my own work for two years, but I am glad to say I am starting again next week. My fellow workmen and friends are sur- prised to see such a change in so short a tima. I have slept more this last fornight than I have done for more than two years, and all through taking your Lightning Cough Cure and Seaweed Tonic. You may make what use you like of this. ANOTHER ST. HELENS CASE.

Mrs Henderson. 33, Peter-street, St Helens, writes am pleased to tell you that I feel so much better and stronger sincl taking Veno's Sc,aweed Tonic. I have been suffering with indigestion and wind for about two years. My food did not digest properly and I always -felt bad. I am pleased to say your medicine has done me more good than anything else I have ever tried. VENO'S SEIWEED TONIC cures all ailments of the stomach, liver, kidneys, and blood, such as indigestion, wind, torpid liver, weak and painful back, headaches, and general weakness It is a god-send to weak, pale, debilitated men and women, especially-where there is a weak heart and constipation. Price la lid and 24 9d. VENOS'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE will stop an ordinary cough in one night, and cures chronic coughs, bronchitis, and aatbma rapidly. Vastly superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsiona. Price le. i and 2*. 9d. Sold by BOOTS, Limited, Warrington, Peake, Earle.- town and Newton, Weston and Co Runcorn, Foggitt, Widnes; Walbridge, St. Helens, and all chemists.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
POMPEII.-THE BURIED Cll Y.

On Thursday the Rev _Alfred Wells lectured in the

Brunswick Assembly Hall to a very large audience on "Pompeii : The Buried City." illustrating where he went and what he saw with 60 very beautiful views shown by the Oxy-Hydrogen lime light which was admirably worked by Mr J T Pickthatl. The chair was taken by Samuel Taylor Esq., J.P., who briefly introduced the lecturer: Toe first pic- ture shown was an admirab!e likeness of the Chairman which evoked great applause. The lecturer began with a description of the surround- ings of this city. In graphic terms he referred to Naples as "the city of fair women "and " bad smells" The ride to Pompeii from Naples with the lovely bay on one side, and marvellous vegetation on the other, was tersely described. and then the lecturer proceeded to speak of the city itself. He first gave an account of its history, which reached to the mythical period. The first record of the city was dated B.C. 310,but its monuments clearly proved it to have been of much greater ant,quity At the time of its destruction it was a city of some 30,000 inhabitants, and its situation was almost unequalled. Upon the verge of the sea, at the entrance to a fertile plain, on the banks of a navigable river, it united the convenience of a commercial town, with the security of a Et:lllßa' station, and the romantic beauty of a spot celebratad in all ages for its pre-eminent loveliness.—Then followed a most graphic and interest- ing account of its destruction in August, A.D.. 79, of its forgotten sta'e through long centuries. Of its first dic - covery in 1748, brought abeut by a peasant sinkinr. a well to find water for his garden—of the unintermit- tent attempts at exhuming, and of the steady process since followed. The mode of excavation was also described. The lecturer then proceeded to conduct his audience through the city describing its temples, • theatres, amphilleatre, basilica, forum, baths, streets, • steppiog-stones, houses, shops, monuments, museum. bronzes and frescoes, and illustrating these with 60 magnificent views. Mr. Wells dwelt upon the ,loatbsome character of the place, and pointed the moral • that Pompeii's sin caused Pompeii's destmction, closing - a powerful (Inf.-leen:Ant of the truth with some well- - known lines from Matthew Arnold. The lecture was in- • tensely interesting and alike entertaining and instruc- tive.—A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the pro- , ceedieffq.

RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED

If yon have PILES do not neeleet and 'flow them to assume worse form.; Fistula my follow.

, KEUTY'S CURE is the only sr.fe and eff.ctual remedy for inward, outward, and bleeding Piles or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Bload, and caules them to disappear like ma7tc. It is a positive cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indigestion, Dizziness or Fainting Fits, Sick Heldlche. Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince you, price Is. ltd. by all Chemists and Stores. Post paid from

===== 0002601_19001109_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
KEUTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

- - INCREASING DEMAND TOR THE IMAGNETAIRE.—Succ( ss attends the re-visit of Mr Lonsdale tA this town. Several fre.,h testimonials are added to his column on page 4. Mr bonsdale's Magnetaire has won its way on its merits as a curative agent, and the repeated visits to Warring ten, with the testimonials he has secured frim local- residents are a guarantee of its great porularity and uermarent UFC. Mr L,nadale will be in sttenriancn at 37, Bovney-ztreet, until Saturday, November 17113 1900

===== 0002601_19001109_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

The Canadian Election. Increased Liberal Majority.

TORONTO, THIIRSULY.

Complete returns up to midnight show that the Liberals have captured 127 seats and the Conserva- tives 81. Returns have yet to come from one con- stituency and four elections are still to be held. The Liberals have a majority of 45. It is expected that the Liberals will be returned with a majority of 52,the largest the party has ever obtained. The result is regarded as a significant answer to the attempts to excite race antipathy letween the English and French Canadians.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
The County Cr;nket

Championst.gp.

Proposed Alteration in Scoring.

Considerable dissatisfaction having been felt with the existing system of scoring for the county championship, Mr W E Dennison, at the rr quest of the M.C,C.. Cricket Sub—com- mittee, propounded a scheme which he has now submitted for consideration. By it it is proposed to attach certain value to drawn games, instead of entirely ignoring them as at. present. Briefly speaking, two points are to be reckoned for each win ; in the event cf a drawn game no count shall be taken of a match. unless the side going in first completes an innings. Should this be done the umpires at the close of the game shall adjudicate, and if they consider the game approximately even each side shall be credited with one point; if, on the other hand, one team bad obtained such a material advantage as to render victory probable urder a con- tinuation of existing conditions, that side shall be credited with one point. Either side may appeal to the M.C.C. committee against the umpires, decision, and the county whose total points bear the highest proportion to its possible maximum shall be champion county.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

How Captain Plomer was Killed. Letter from a Widnes Man.

Patrick MlSanus, a private in the Ist King's (Liver- pool Regiment) writing from Machadodorp,on September 28, 1900, to a cousin in Widnes, says:—l am pleased to inform you that lain still in the land of the living. We have had a terrible hard time since we left Ingogo on thi3 31;t ;,*1 July, 1 have beeo tbreugh three hard battles during the madth of A.l2lltt,ltiti haVo had quite enough of the war. At Machadodorp,from tud 2.3 rd to the Bth we had an exceptionally bard task, and one in Which great slaughter took place. The C Company, which I was in, went on the field 117 strong, and were en- gaged from 1.30 in the afternoon until dark. At the roll call at midnight forty-seven of our brave comrades were amongst the killed, wounded, and miss- ing. Captain Plomer,in.command of the company, was shot through the head, and the regiment had over 100 casualties in this same battle. I.believe the Boet. army is now broken up, but marauding bands,the remnants of commandos, still harass our positions. Lieutenant Dalt, a Reserve man, and myself were the last to leave he field, not being able to retire with the rest on account of the heavy Boer fire. They tried to steal upon us,but two or three volleys soon put them to the ri7ht-lhour. They were-frightened to face the music. Taey came again and asked us to surrender, but I (Pat) wasn't having any. It looks as though I have been through one world and come into another. I expect to he home to spend the C'nristrnas in Widnes, as our commander has sent in all the names of the Resnve men who are to come home.

HOW THE WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS ARE FARING.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
News from Captain Appleton. ---- Hopes to be Home at Christmas. ---- Death of Private F. Woods.

The following additional letters have been received from Captain Appleton. who ie in charge of the first hatch of Warrington Volunteer who !eft for active service in South Africa. nay are addreesed to his Wet.- chip the Mayor :—Vry held, September 28th, 1900 Dear Mr. Roberts.—l am vain enough te imagine that you will like to hear of us again, and of our movements since leaving Gras Kop, and so I am writing in time for the next Englieh mail. All our detachments near Sand- spruit were relieved by the Queen'e %Vest Surrey Reei ment, and our Brigade cencentra'ked at Sandepruit with a large force of Mounted Infantry and guns, under Generals Hildyard and Wynne, for a second advance on Wakkerstroom and other towns. We reached the former after two days' trek, ard with very slight opposition. The guns with the advance guard and the Naval 4-7 fired a few shots, and the Mounted Infantry were engaged and several poor fel- lows shot. But they brought in some few prisoners and shot some of the enemy. We were close to the town at this time, and could go into it every day. It is a pretty town, with the usual fine stone Dutch Reformed Church, and all the peaches being in full bloom. There are orchards of them round nearly every house, as there are round all the farms, and contrasted with the fresh green of other trees they had a very pre'Ay effect. Oranges—and generally very sweet ones—are to be had. They are grown near here in great quantities, and we gathered some more lemons on the way here. There are some English people in all these towns, and they seem to have heel a rather rough time of it when the Boers re- turned after our last visit. After staying a few days, and leaving a garrison we went on again to Utrecht ever some most magnificent country, and through and down some splendid passes. We must have gone down some thousands of feet before reaching Utrecht and the change in the temperature was at once apparent.and the heat during the day rather trying at first. Utrecht is also a pretty little town, but the people were rather sullen, and not inclined to sell 114 much at first. They thought we should eat their babies, as they had heard we terrible English were doing this, and they appar- ently believed it. Their ignorance is astounding, and they are naturally fed up with all sorts of lies. They t elieve that the Transvaal flag has appeared on the sun, and that a supernatural being, in the form of a whi.e horse, has appeared to give them victory. The English people tell us that they firmly believe this. They were told here that our dead were lying in heaps at Botha' Pans and that we had lost some 2000, men between Wakkerstroom and here, We left a garrison at Utrecht, and arrived here about a week ago. This is a fair sized town, and is an interesting and rather aa imnnrtant place,. It was formerly, of course, part of Zululand, and the Boeis established a new Republic here, which was only amalgamated with the Transvaal a few years aim. I have been shown a photoraph of their old coat-oe-aeme, which differs from the Trammel one. Rorke'a Drift is only some 30 miles away. The veldt is getting quite preen, altheugh we have only had two days rain, and ,wers are epringing up everywhere, and ate very pretty. We found lots of maidenhair fern among the rocks. lam sorry to say I have lost another Warring- ton man. Poor Private F Woods died on the 15h. at Howich, from enteric. after a very long illness. He was a very good fellow, and a well-knewn Orford Harrier. He was one of our mess waiters at Warrington for some time. I know how s,rry you would be to hear of his death Rumour says we are going to Dundee from here, but I do not know whether it is true. There is a railway almost completed to Dundee, in fact it only re quires the girder bridges and the metals, and can be completed in a few weeks. I bhould imagine that there will always be a strong garri- son here, as it is so near Z rluland. I met a Baptist Minister at Wakkerstroom (the Rev. T. R. Matthews) who very kindly procured for me a "Committal to prison document," containing the signatures of Kruger and Leyds, and sent it on to me. lam sending it to my sister by this mail. After Colonel Ridgway and our officere have seen it, it will he sent nn to you. It may he of some interest at this time,end I shall be very glad if eon will show it to any Warrington people who care to cee it. Will yen kindly return it to my sister when you have done with it? I get a Warrington paper every, week, se we get to know a good deal of what is gc- ing on in the old town. I suppose you will have a General Election on soon, and, of course, you will be preparing for the municipal elections now,—With kind regard from Major Adam, and the same from myself to you and Mrs. Roberts, and hoping to see you again before Christmas.

"P.S.—The Boors are on the hills at A safe distance from u.. They only snipe at our mounted patrols, and sometimes at our outposts. There is a good deal of urine from farm. flying the white flag, and the farmg are then promptly bl-own up. It is a bard necessity. but they do not appreciate more lenient treatment, aud their treachery is appalling." "Sunday, September 30th. The English mail arrived yesterday, and was, es usual, very welcome, though a very sad one to several of us, as it told us of the sudden death of Mrs. Eloieson. One can hardly realize that her large heart will net bo there to welcome us when we get home. I have one or two of her clams in my

===== 0002601_19001109_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9 1900. NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

company, to whom she constantly wrote, and we have, indeed, lost a dear friend in her, as have many people in Warrington and elsewhere. 1 am sorry to say I have still a good many sick in the company, but no serious cases as far as I know. We only number about 72 now fit for duty, and, as you know, many are back in England again. The draft under Carey laas never reacned me, but has been pounced upon for duty near Harri- smith. I am not sure whether I ever acknowledged your second letter, if not please accept now my hearty thanks for it, and all its welcome news. It was very good of you to find time to write again among all your numerous duties and engagements. The cycle parade and football sports were successful. The troops have played a cricket match against Vrvheid and beaten them, and our regiment has played Bethune's Mounted Infantry and beaten them. Both our teams were cap- tained by Major Adam." Another Letter from Police Constable Howard. Hard Times with the Guards.

Below is a copy of a letter received by a member of the Warrington Police Force. from Police Constable Samuel Howard. a Guards Reserveman, now serving with his regiment, the 3rd Grenadiers, in the Transvaal. P.C. Howard, it will be recollectei, along with PC. Hurst, was called away from the force in October, 1899, to join his regiment for active service in Snith Africa. He joined Methuen's column with the brigade of Guards, taking part in Belmont and succeeding battles, the cap- ture of Cronje, and the advance on Bloemfontein, Johannestarrg, Pretoria and Komati Be has thus remained in the fighting line for a whole year, As no news had been heard of him for several months the pre- sent letter has been heartily welcomed by the members of the force, who are, naturally, greatly pleased to hear that their gallant comrade is still safe and well : " 3rd Grenadier duards, Pretoria October 4th, 1900 Dear comrade.—Just a few lines in answer to your. latter. We have had a hard time of it since I wrote to you last. We had a grand reception at Johannesburg and also at Pretoria. We next marched on Diamond Hill, and had a hard fight with the enemy, after which we retired towards Pretoria, to a place called Doncker- hoek. After lying there for about three weeks we marched on Komati Poort with Pole Carew. We en gaged the enemy at Belfast, arid fought for four days. The Boers must have had a heavy list of casualities, as we were all round them. They charged a battery of our guns, but did not live to get back. If they had stuck to their position for another day perhaps Botha wenld have had the pleasure of seeing Cronje; but he ran away with his defeated army,and we have been pursuing him ever since. I think they (the Beers) are ab4ut done for. We had a very mountainous country to deal with between Belfast and Komati Poort. One day we had reveille at three a.m. and marched off at five a.m. We had a drop of coffee starting off, but nothing to eat. We marched about 23 miles that day, end when we arrived in camp it was late at night. Tne first news we heard when we halted we that the water was about a mile dirtant, so, rather than walk another couple of miles,we did without it. We were then served out with a cupful of flour,and had that not been obtained by capture from the Boers we should have Ina nothing to eat all day. As we had no means of cooking it most of the men threw it away. We lay down on the splendid (!) piece of ground chosen for the camp; it was covered with rocks and stones,l, having one of the latter for a pillow. We slept till next morning without a thing to cover us except the thin khaki with which we are clad. When we woke up after about three hours sleep we were sur- prised to find it daylight, ad wondered no preparations were being made for another day's march, as we were supposed to do 19 miles that day. A rumour Ulm got about the camp that the melical officers would not allow the division to go any farther that day, as five men had died on the march the day previous. The same day 36 mules dropped dead. Its a goad job we did not proceed that day, or half the men would have been ruined. As it was I felt as though I should have fallen, had anyone touched me. It took us about 14 days to march from Waterval Onder to Komati Poort. It was rather a long time, owing to the rough country. and we had ta go a good way round on accouet of the transprt not being able to climb the hills.We also had for many a long mile,to cut our way through the bush, where we saw plenty of monkeys jumping about in the trees When we arrived at Komati Poort, we found that the Boers had fled, and left the town nothing bat a burning mass. We marched through the railway station and found that a great many locomotives had been left behind, though mast of them were crippled. There was nothing left of the trucks and carriages but the red-hot iron frames. We bivouacked on the !banks of the Crocodile River, on the opposite side of which we could see the Portuguese sentries. We fired all one day at a hippopotamus ; every time he put his nose out of the water a volley Was sent at him, but it took no effect. We are now at Pretoria, after about three days by rail, in cattle trucks, from Komati Poort. Every time we came to an incline we bad to jump out and push up behind. We very often have to help the mules up a hill with the transport waggons, but this last" puts the top hat on." I eeern to be very lucky. The train that followed us, with the Coldatreams, had the lines blown up in front They were attacked by the Boers, and say. they had 20 casualties. I shall he glad when this is all over and we are on our way to England.but I think that the end is not far distant, and we hope to be home by Christmas, This is all I have to say at present. Trust- ing all my comrades on the force are doing well and in good health, as:l am at present, and with best wishes to all, I remain, sincerely yours. SAMUEL HOWARD."

Important Business

Mr. J. W. Co;begwond preside t the meeting of the Newton-in-Mlkerfield Urban Cr uncil held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening. There werelalso present :—Dr. Patterson, Messrs. E. [4. B:nt, C. B. F. Borron, C.C., J. W. Emmett, J.P., J. Fitz.zerald, W. Gilmour, T. Drinand, J. Simpson, N. Siddeley, W. Thompson, with Mr. C. Cole (clerk), Mr. A. Bowes (surveyor), aud Mr. D. H. Lloyd (gas and water engineer).

GAS COMMITTEE. STOKERS AND THEIR WORK.

At the meeting of the Gas Committ.e, on the 220 d October, it was resolved that the 5-ton cart weigbing machine at the gas works, which is not in use, be removed to the water works, and that the cost thereof (£l5 for the machine, and £5 for its removal) he charged to the Water Commit.tee. The Gas Works Eirtension Committee reported that the price of coke had been increased Ito 15s per ton ; that the old sulphate plant had bees ordered to be taken down and the space used as a lime store ; also that the old material be sold as scrap ; that they had conAdered the application of the men employe lat the gas works Lit permission to leave work at 12 -mon on Saturday', and that they recommended the Committee to grant the applications It was resolved that the foregoing repart of the Gas Works Extension Committee be approved and adopted, At a further meetin; of the committee a letter was read from the stokers employed at the gas works apply- ing for an increase of wages and for the duration of each shift to be altered from 12 to 8 hours. It was resolved that the working hours of each shift he reduced from 12 to 8 ; that the rate of pay per shift he increased from 4a 91 to 5s ; thi.t wheelers he provided, but that till bonus be not increased ; that as the leading stokers allowance for extra work was advanced so recently as December last, the Committee feel the time is not oppor- tune for asking for another increase; and that the details as. to the working of the new scheme be arranged further on. WATER WORKS' EXTENSIONS.

At an extraordinary meeting ot the Water Committee, held on Monday, the Ist day of Ootraber, a letter was reaa from Mr F W Webb, of the London and North- Western Railway Company, Crewe, stating that on and after the 30th September last the supply of water to the district by the Railway Company would be out off. It was resolved that the engineer ba directed to at once make provision for the supply of water to the sixteen cottages and the Balls' Head Inn, at Lowton Junction. Mr Peter Penn'ngton wrote applying for an additional payment in respsct of the work done by him under his con`ract at the water works. It was resolved that the Finance Committee he recomnoeuded to include in their report a recommendation to the Council to issue cheque for £3OO in favour of Mr Pennington. As a Nailer meeting on October Bth, the "Chairman reported upon his negotiations with Messrs Richard evans and Co., Ltd., for the renting or leasing from them of a piece of land near to Newton Common con- taleing ftboly, 1,600 square yards for the construction of a reservoir, to bold abolt 500,000 gallons of water and a water tank of about the height of 60 felt. The Engineer submitted to the Committee plans and spec!. fications for and estimates of the cost of tha works com- prised in Sections 11. and 111. of the engineer's scheme of the Ist September, 1900, the following being a copy of such estimates :2Section 11. :—Well,ll feet by feet 200 feet deep, £1,200, 500 feet tunnelling, £1,500, dup- licate pumping engine, £1,890, engine house, additional size, £3OO, travelling crane. £l4O, cottage, £4OO, con- tingencies, £570, total £6 000. Section 111. :—Service reservoir (to hold aenut 500,000 gallons of water) £4700, elevated tank, £1 600 12-inch main, £4,500, cottage, £4OO, total £11,200. It was resolved that the plans and specifications for and estimate of the cost of the works comprised in Sections 11. and 111. of the engineer's scheme be submitted to the Council for approval, and that the Council be recommended at its next ordinary meeting to make application to the Local Government Board for a provisional order to amend section 53 of the Newton District Improvement Act by altering the said section so as to enable the Council to berrow ior water works purposes, subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board, the sum of £31,000, in lieu of the sum of £6.000 anthorised to be borrowed by section 53 of the said act. It was resolved that the Council be also recommended to instruct their Clerk to apply to the Lica' Government Board for their sanc'ion to the borrowing out of the said sum of £25,000, for which additeonal borrowing powers are now sought under Section 53 of the Newton District Improvement Acc, of the sum of £20,200 to defray the cost of carrying out the works specified in sections 11. and 111. of the en- gineer's scheme, and the laying of distribution mains throughout the district. At a meeting held on October 22nd, the engineer read his'emonthly report,from which it appeared that a 4-inch water main had been laid along Southworth-road to .Lowton, to supply that district with water. A letter was read from 13 residents in Ashton-road, Newtoc-le- Willows, complaining of the scarcitv of water in that part of the district. It was resolved that water be not supplied to new premises until the Council have supplied those pr enises which have been previously satisfactorily supplied with water by the Council. It was resolved that the water at the water works be analysed by the County Analyst, and that the water be taken for analysis this day month. Tne Chairman reported upon the correspondence with Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., Limited, with respect to the renting from them of a piece of land near to New- ton Common for the putposss of the erection of a reser- voir and tank, and also as to an interview which he had had with the Secretary to the Company, and read letter from the Secretary, dated the 20th October, stating that the proposition had been considered by the Board and that he was instructed :to say that they were not in a position to let the land for the purpose. It was resolved that the matter be referred to the Chairman of this Committee, the Chairman of the Council, and Council- lors Ormand, Thompson. and Smith, to take such action therein as they may think proper. At a meeting on October 29:h the Clerk submitted to the committee the draft lease of the land off Soutlaworth- road on which the water works buildings are erected. It was resolved that the Surveyor be directed to make a survey of the land in question, and that the draft lease be referred to the Chairman of the Committee and the Clerk, with instkuctions to go through the same and if satisfactory to send the draft lease to Messrs Houseman (Lord Newton's solicitors) for completion.

water works. From the Surveyor's report upon tha matter, it appeared that the roller was not at work at the time of the accident, and that it was then in charge of two m-n It was resalvAl that the matter b? left in the hinds of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of thi. Committee. The Survevor presented his report upon toe repairs, &c., which were necessary for putting the Council's slaughter-house in proper repair, his estimate therefor being £55. He also submitted plan and esti- mate (amou rting to £18) of the new entrance gates which it was proposed should be erected there. It was resolved that the Surveyor obtain tenders for the erec- tion of the gates, and the repairs, Szc., be done by the Council ; also that the Surveyor prepare and submit to this Committee an estimate of any additional work which may be required at the slaughter-house premises. The Sanitary Inspector presented a report upon the cases of infectious disease(such as scarlet fever, diphtheria,and typhoid fever) in the district, from which it appeared that the number of such cases notified since the making of his last report (15:h September) amounted to eleven. It was reso:ved that the Clerk inform those persons to whom notices were given to close their slaughter-houses that the order of the Council must be complied with. Mr. A. Onions, secretary to the Industrial Co-operative Society,wrote with respect to the closing of the Society's slaughter-house, and as to the accommodation at the Council's slaughter-heuse. It was resolved that Mr. Onions be informed that the notice given by direction of the Council for the closing of the Society's slaughter- house must be complied with. The minutes were adopted on the motion of Mr

===== 0002601_19001109_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM AGAINST AN EARLESTOWN

AUCTIONEER.

Case at Warrington County Court. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before His Honour Judge Gwynne Jarnes,Williarn Speakman,of Park-road, Newton-le-Willowe, executor to Thom ts Naylor, deceased, sued Gabriel Moon, autioneer, Earle- town, for tor £5 183 Bd, the value of furniture sold by auction by the dofendant. Mr. A. Browne appeared for the defendant and ex- plained to his Honour that the defendant had brought into the action Mr John Marsden, of Blackburn' who also clain3ed the value of the furniture from Mr. Moon. —Mr Moon withed his fiwnour to decide which of the claimants was entitlei to the money and he would be quite willing to pay it over to either of them. The facts of the case were as follows :—ln June, 1899, the plaintiff Mr. Speakman, instructed Mr Moon to make a valuation of the furniture of Thomas Naylor, deceased. D shin dant accordingly valued a pordoa or it at £7 103 6,.1 and slit- sequently Mrs Marsden, wife of the other claimant, bought the furniture from the plaintiff for £7 103 6 but died Wore paying for it. She, however, had taken possession of it and had sold a clock and a settle. Sue- sequently, Mr John Marsden, the husband of the de— cease 6, instructed Mr Moon to sell the furniture by auction and he did so with the result that the things realizsd £5 183 81, the amount now sued for. The plaintiff's c mtention, as he (Mr Browne) understood it, was that becausee the money was not paid for the furni- ture, therefore the furnitere belonged to him. he pro- perty had, h Avever, already passed to Mrs Marsden and the payment had nothing to do with it. Trio plaintiff maintained that thero had been no sale. His Honour pointed out that in a letter he had written to Mr Moon he had admitt, d that there was a sale. He also held that if Mr Speaksinan's contention wag as Mr Browne had stated, he was wrong in law. His Honour therefore gave julgment in favour of the claimant John Marsden, but without costs, as he did no: attend the court, but only sent a claim,

===== 0002601_19001109_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton Petty Sessions.

THIIRSDAY.—Before Mr. It. Stone (in the chair), Colonel Wood, Messrs. W. 00111m/wood, and J. Jackson. _ _ _

_ . TEMPORARY AUTHORlTY.—Ellizabetb Hibbert was granted temporary authority to sell at the " Blue Bell" Inn, New- ton, in lieu of her late husband. Boys IN TRoUBLR.—Two boys named George Bolton ansi John Greenbalgh were summoned for discharging fireworks on the highway at Newton on the 27th October,—P.O. Gas- cov ne proved the ease, and defendants were each fined is. ILL TREATMENT or A. HoßSE.—James Hughes WAS charged with ill treating a korse by working it whilst in an unfit state at Newton on the 23rd ult —George Kirkham nes sum- moned for causing the same to be worked.—P.O. Wooff stated that he saw the defendant Hughes driving a horse attached to an empty cart in Mill-lane, 17.-wton. The animal WAS very lame on the off hind leg.—lnspector Robinson. R.S.P.C.A., corroborated. The magistrates fined Kirkham fis and costs, and Hughes had to pay Is and costs. TRESPASSING ON THE LONDON AND NORTH-VirEsTERN RAIL- WAY AT RARLESTOWL—FINES INFLICTED.—SamueI Apple- ton and John Blower were summoned for trespassing on the London and North-Western Railway, at Rarlestown on the 14th October, in such a manner as to expose themselves to danger or risk of danger.—Mr Fenna prosecuted on behalf of the railway company and stated that the proceedings were taken under a special Alt of Parliament entitled the London and North-Western Rahway additional Pow ,rs Act, 1833. which rendered the defendants liable to a penalty of 4Ce. A great deal of trespassing had teen going on recently. The men crossed over the Haydock colliery line and proceeded across the triangular piece of land to the Vulcan foundry and Messre Slee's works. He himself had visited the spot and was impressed with the eanger of trespassing in the manner described. He had 11,43 n requested by the Coroner to put a stop to it.—Detective Howells sup- ported the statement.—Defendants said that they could not have reached their work in time if they had not gone that way. Many others did the same thing.—The Clesirman said it was proved Against them that they were trespassing and they ran a great risk. They would each Ise fined is and costs. The Bench hoped that a more prominent notice than the cast iron one would be fixed because many people would scarcely observe the existing one.—Thomas Linaker was summoned for a similar offence and fined Is. and costs.--Saeauel Findley was also fined Is. and costs for a like offence.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. Mr. T. Wa.llington presided over a well-attendad set :- vice of the alocve society on Sunday last, and delivered a brief addresv, his subject being "No man livetla unto himself." Mr. WhitelraJ, of Ntossley, was the speaker. His address which was very mNich appreciated, was based on the words" Be strong." The speaker adopted the following division, Be strong in pocket, be strorg in hods-. be strong in mind, be strong in things spirituat. Mr Smith contributed two trombone solos with his usual ability_ Messts C Eccles and D Owen took part in the service.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

The Medic d Officer of Health read his report before the Highways and Sanitary Committee for the quarter ended 30th September last, which was approved and adopted. It stated that there were regiatered, births, 162; deaths, 54 ; excess of births, 108. The births were at an annual rate of 4205 per 1,000 of the esti- mated population, and the deaths 14 01. per 1,000. -The deaths (10) from infectious disease, all of a diarrhceal nature, were equal to an annual rats of 2 5 per 1,000 of the estimated population. Ten cave of infectious sickness—equal to an annual rate of 2.5 per 1.000 were notified. They were distribu- ted at under ;—Town Hall ward, 4 ; Viaduct ward. 4 ; Crow-lend ward, 1 ; and Wargra.ve ward, 1. One patient was removed to the Isolation Hospital. He (Dr. Watkina) was glad to report considerable progress had been made in the development of the scheme for the purificatioa of the sewage diluents bo the bacterial prc- cessrs. The rfflu-nt he bad seen that day was better than they had had before,but still far short of the degree of the purity they must strive and hop to reach. He had now to strongly recommend that the rooms that had been occupied by persons dying from consumption should in every case be mcst carefully and Efficiently disinfected. • AN ALLEGED ENCROACHMENT.

The C!erk read a le:ter betore the Highways and Sani- tary Committee which he had written to Mr A C Leslie (Lord Newton's agent) srrith respect to the encroachment on roadsioe waste and common land, 13.Aween the high- way and Dingle Farm, an read a letter from Mr Leslie stating that the land is the property of Lord Newton and does not belong to the :ownship. It was resolved that the Clerk write to Mr. Leslie and state that his letter had teen considered by this Committee, that the land rt- !erred to is part of the Common and roadside waste,and as such has always been open and unenclosed, that by the Parish Councils Act the duty is cast upon the Couricil of preventing encroachments on the common and roadside waste,and that unless the fence, which it is understood was erected by Mr. Leslie'a authority, is rf moved within a reasonable time, the Council will very reluctantly be compelled to take such steps as they may be advised to safeguard the rights of tha public ; also that a copy of the correspondence with Mr L?slie be for- warded to the Common lookers. HIGHWAY AND SANITARY MATTERS.

At an adjourned meeting of the Highways and Sanitary Committee held on Monday, Oltober 29:h, it was resolved that the following building plans be approved, viz: Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros., five houses, Rydal-street ; MY. Luke Thornton, two houses, Water- reet. The clerk reported that the agreement with the Right Hon. Lord Newton for the making of a road from Crow-lane to Wargrave-road, and for the laving of gas mains, had been completed, and that the work of cutting the trench for the laying of the mains was being pro- ceeded with. He also read a letter from Messrs. Watts and Carr, Liverpool, the solicitors to the Catholic Bishop of Liverpool and others interested in the strip of land which the Council desire to acquire for the making of this road from Crow-lane to Wargravo-road, stating that they accepted, on behalf of their clients, the terms offered them by this committee at ita last meeting. Mr. J. S. Thane, secretary to the Loyal Viaduct Lodge of the ledependent Order of Oidfellows, wrote objecting to the c, at of the proposed making of Athol-street, and seating that as they ha I already paid for sewering they should not again be charged with that cost. It was resolved that tile clerk inform Mr. Thane that his objection had not teen made within no statutory time. Mr. R. J. Glen, of Lowt )o Range, Newton-le-Willows, wrote stating that be intended claiming damage against the Conceit for ah alleged injury to his brougham, caused through the horse shying at the bteam roller, which was left opposite the

===== 0002601_19001109_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIE: TRAMWAY COMPANY AND THE COUNCIL.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, the Surveyor presented the report which he had prepared on the plans deposited by Messrs F J Leslie and Company, the solicitors to the South Lancashire Tramways Corn pany,showing the places in the urban district where th company propose to widen the roads in pursuance o the clauses agreed with the Council. It was resolved tha the Clerk write to Messrs F J Leslie and Company and in- form them that the committee approve of the proposed widenings No. 108, Vista-road, No. 63,Church-atreet and No. 64, South worth-road ; that the committee taink the proposed widenings of Ashton-road (No. 111) might be arranged with better advantage to the straigetening of the road ; that with respect to the proposed widening of Crow-lane (No. 62) either the three houses on the north side of the road should be included in the widen- ing or the whole widening transferred to the s)uth side, where garden land could he taken; and that those parts of Crow-lane near Sefton-Area (at 1 mile 4 furlongs on tramway No. 1), and opposite Legn-terrace (at 2 miles 21 furlongs on Tramway No. 1) sheuid be widened by land being taken from garden land; that as no power are sought for the widening of Golborue Dale r3ad, the whole length of the road being very narrow, the com- mittee are desiroura of knowing what the Traanways Company propose to do with respect to that road. At a subseqaent meeting, Mr. Forwood, of the firm of Messrs F J Leslie and Co., attended before the Com- mittee, and discus4ed the questions of the proposed widenings of roads in the district, to be made by th South Lancashire Tramways Company. It was agree that the Surveyor to the Company and tbe Council Surveyor should meet and inspect the proposed widen h3gs, and that a further report be presented by the Sur veyor to the cernmittee 91 the oubjeet, Mr VCI°7(IO • a!ao Aained to the Committee the POeltien Of South Lancashire Electric Supply Co., Ltd., and stated the terms upon which the Company would be willing to supply the Council with electricity, if they obtained a provisional order. Tile following resolution was passed by the CounciL on Monday e—" That this Council do not oppose the South Lancashire Tramway's Bill which will be promote by the South Lancashire Tramways Company during the ensuing sPssion of Parliament on condition that the plans to be sub:nitted by the solicitore to the company for the proposed continuatioß of the tramways from Southwor:th-road, Newton-le-Willows to the borindare of the Warrington Rural District be approved by the Sur- veyor to the Council and that such widenings (if any) of the road along which the proposed tramways shall be laid as may be found necessary by the Surveyor will be carried out by the Company."

PROPOSED PUBLIC 'CLOCK IN Sr. PETER'S CHURCH TOWER.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, the cloairmaa read a letter which he had received from the Rev. James Ryder, vicar, and Messrs. James Liptrott and W. El. Flinaley, wardens, of St. Peter's, Newton-in- Makerfietd, asking the Council to take into consideration the question of placing a clock in the church tower, and of illuminating aiid keeping the same in proper order. Ic was proposed by Mr. T. Ormand, aod seconded by Mr. W. Gilmour, that, subject to the confirmation of the Council, a four-`aced clock be provided and fixed in the church _tower, at a cost of not exceeding £lOO, and that the clock when so fixed b 3 lighted and maintained at the cost of the Council ; tho clock for ever afterwardi to remain the property of the Council; also that the chair- man of this committee and Councillors T. Ormand anti A. Smith, with the clerk, be appointe 1 a deputation to confer with the Tower Committee.

Mr. Gilmour pointed out twit the resolution referred to a four-faced clock, whereas he understood it was the intention of the church authorities to only provide a three-facd clock. It would look ridiculous for the C )uncil to approve of a four-faced clock when it was only intended to have a threc-faced clock. Mr Bennett inquired whether the Council were justi led in putting a clock in a church tower. The Chairman said the committee was very careful to investigate its legal position before coming to a decision It was clearly laid dawn that the C)uncil had power to purchase a clock for such a purpose. Mr Gilmour said they had a lawyer present at the time. (Laughter.) He thought the Council was justi- fied in provialing a public clock for Newton on the ground that the Newton people had paid their quota towards the clock in the Town Hall buildings at E arles- town. Be thought it would tend to the peace of the neighbourhood. Mr Orrnand proceeded to read the section of the Public Health Act dealing with the question, and which empowered the Council to spend public money on clocks in church towers. It was under that section that the General Purposes Committee moved the resolution. It was thought that a clock with three or four dials might be orderei at a cost not exceeding £lOO. Mr. Gilmour said he had only introduced the subject with the object of preventing friction. Mr. Ormancl ?aid it would be necessary to obtain a faculty from an ecclesiastical court, but he took it that the Ecclesiastical power would be granted before the committee came before the Council and asked for prc- vision to place the clock in the tower. The Chairman said all these matters were gone into by the committee. He was sorry Mr. Emmett was not present. Mr. Emmett said from the reading of the Act of Parliament there appeared to be some doubt as to their power to place a clock in a church tower All dQubt ought to be removed • before they pas ed such a resolu- tion.

Mr• Blrron said it was quite clear from the reading of the Act that the Council had power to put in a clock. It was for the Ecclesiastical authorities to object to it, so far as he could see. So long as they did not object he thought the Council might give the sam3 facility to Newton as they had given Co Eirlestown,at a very much lrgr covl than was asked on this occasion. A public clock at Newton would be of great benefit to that dis- trict.

Mr. Emmett said he was not opposing the erection of a clock, but he wanted to be satisfied that the Council was in order, and he iid not think the Cocnqil would be in order until the Ecclesiastical power had been obt‘ined.

The Chairman thought the sub-committee appointed might he safely left to deal with the matter. Mr. Simpson said the Rev James Ryder, together wizt, the wardens had made the appicatim on behalf of St. Peter's Church, and they would naturally see that the faculty wa forthcoming at the proper time.

===== 0002601_19001109_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS.

When the minutes of the School Attendance Com- mittee came up for confirmationj ". Mr Ormand drew attention to the time of the meet- ings of this committee. He said it often happened that the other committees were detained an hour or so beyond the time appointed far the meeting owing to the fact that the school Attendance Committee bad not finished its work. He believed most members were in favour of an alteration of the time of meeting so as to prevent the delay which had hitherte been occasioned. Mr Borron said he was sorry Mr Wood. the chairman of the committee, was not present so that he might be able to state his views on the subject. A short discussion ensued, and it was decided to adj )urn the matter until the next meeting. Mr. Simpson raised the question of the reporting of the committee's minutes by the press and said he under- stood that they were confirmed by the committee not by the Council.

It wag pointed out by Mr. Emmett that the proceed- ings of the School Attendance Committee were always remeted in the days of the Old Bowl of CommiE- sinners

Mr. Borron held that the press were entitled to use their discretion.

St. Peter's Sale of Work.

The proceeds on Saturday amounted to £26 17s, making for the three days a total of £95 us 31.

-- --- Warrington Markets. At the Warrington corn market on Wednesday, new wheat fetched 3s 61 to 3s 81 (701 b to the bushel) ; new oat, 2s 3d to 2s 41; flour, best sPconds, per 240 b, 21s; bran lid per 20lb. At the Provision Market prices were as follows ;—Fresh butter is 31 per lb ; cheese, 6d, 74 and 84 per lb; fresh eggs, 6 for is; fowls, 4s to 5s 6d per couple; English beef, Gil to 104; mutton. 7d to 104; lamb, 94 to lid; veal, 7d to 10d; pork 61 to Bid.

CADBURY'S COCOA ha a world-wide reputation as a deli clam, strengthening beverage, and a valuable nutritive fnid The "Lancet" says it represents " the standard of highest purity." Always insist on having CADRURY'S—soId only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for sake of extra. profit.—Advt. (2)

===== 0002601_19001109_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] LIOENSING REFORM,

BY THE HON. SIDNEY PEEL.

Introductory.

There is no domestic question of such vital impor- ance as the problem of the drink traffic. There is hardly any social question of the day into which the consumption of intoxicants does not enter in some form or another. If we are considering measures for the prevention of crime, we find that drunken- ness and drinking are its most prolific causes; if we are considering the amendment of the poor- laws, drink as a factor in the creation of poverty is not less striking. The evils of drunkenness both to the individual and his family are too well— known to need emphasising, but it must be borne in mind that drunkenness and its attendant conse— quence are not the only, and perhaps not the worst mischief arising from the consumption of liquor. Without ever being drunk a man may spend upon liquor a vastly greater proportion of his income than he is entitled to, when his own needs, and still more those of his family are taken into consideration.

It has ben calculated that tbe average weekly expenditure of a working-class family on intoxi- cants is about 6s. Many families do not spend any- thing like so much, but of course as many spend a good deal more. When the general rate of wages is taken into account, any one can see what an exces- sive expenditure takes place Without taking an extreme view of the effects of alcohol, it is easy to understand that this excessive expenditure means so much deduction from the amount spent' on the food, clothing, education and amusements of the family, with a correspondingi loss of general effici- ency to the nation, which s perfectly appalling The advantages which a teetotal family possesses over its drinking,but not drunken neighbours seems almost unfair;

The problem then is how to diminish this exces- sive consumption of alcoholic liquors. There are two methods of effecting this object, one by impos- ing legal restrictions upon the facilities for °brain- ing intoxicants, the other by employing all the forces of moral *suasion and education, and by endeavouring t ) improve those conditions which lead to drink, for instance, improvement of the dwellings of the poor, and by providing counter attractions to the public-house and the social activi- ties now so much represented by and bound up with the consumption of liquor. There can be little doubt that both methods should go hand in hand The drinking customs of the country are too deeply rooted for either to be able to combat them successfully alone. Drink leads to poverty,crime and bad conditions of living; poverty, crime and bad conditions of living lead to drink ; and this vicious circle will never be thoroughly broken unless it is stoutly assaulted from every side. I only propose, however, in these articles to deal with the method of restricting by law the facilities for obtaining liquor. I shall examine the present licensing system, its results and the amendments of it which are desirable. I shall discuss the more extreme proposals for the direct popular control of the liquor traffic, and those municipalisation or local management schemes, which aim at combining both sides of temperance reform. And first I shall endeavour to describe as concisely as possible the main features of the pre- sent law. OUTLINE OF THE PRESENT LICENSING LAWS

Hardly any branch of law bearing directly on practical life and administered by laymen is so complicated and so hard to find in detail as the law ' relating to the sale of intoxicants. It is scattered up and down tie statute book; one of the most important and governing Acts dates from 1828, and there must be about 250 Acts of Parliament now in force dealing wholly or in part with the subject. This complexity of the la„wis a very seriou obstacle to its good administration, and the need for simpli- fication and codification is very urgent. Such a codification is not, however, likely to be undertaken by Parliament, unless it is accompanied by a cora- prehen.sive reform. But while the law is complicated in detail, its main features are clear enough. Every person wishing to sell intoxicants, has to obtain a license from the Ex ise Authorities, and pay a certain duty according to the nature of the license. But in the case of nearly all retail licenses, the excise license cannot be obtained except on the production of a certificate or license from the Licensing Authority The Licensing Authority consists of the justices of the peace. They annually hold a general licensing meeting for the purpose of granting licenses, which do not continue for more than a year. They have, with some exceptions, fall power to refuse any license applied fo- for the first time, but in case of a refusal to grant a license to premise 3 which have been licensed the previous year, there is an appeal against their decision to the quarter-sessions of the county. The duties of the licensing authority are not con- fined to the annual licensing meeting; the justices may between whiles transfer a license from one holder to another, and they may also grant per- mission (called an occasional license) for a publimn to sell liquor elsewhere than on his premises, as well as extensions of the hours of sale on special occasions.

There are various kinds of licensed houses selling intoxicants by retail, some for consumption both on and off the premises, others for consumption off only. The "on ' houses are principally public- houses, or fully-licensed houses, where all kinds of intoxicants are sold, and beer-houses for the sale of beer only. Of " off" -licenses the most important are those under which beer is sold, and those under which spirits are sold. The so-called grocers' license in England,:which any shopkeeper may take out, is really a combination of several licenses, generally to sell in bottles.

The powers, which the licensing authority have, i differ n the case of the different kinds of licenses. There is full discretion to ref use for any reason that may seem good,public-house licenses,all beerh.ouses, which have been granted for the first time since May, 1869, and all off-licenses under which beer is sold : the discretion is limited in the case of beer-houses which have been licensed contin- uously since before May, 1869, and in the case of off-licenses under which spirits or wine are sold. Thus while the justices, as licensing authority, have very important functions, the excise author- ties have a purely mechanical duty to perform in granting licenses, viz, to see that the proper duties are paid, and that the justices' license is produced when this is necessary; they have no discretion to refuse a license, if the necessary preliminaries have been complied with.. . _ _ _

A third set of officiqls are concerned in the ad- ministration and enforcement of the liquor laws, the police. It is their duty to deal with drunken persons, to supervise the conduct of licensed houses to prosecute breaches of the law, and to report to the licensing authority. Among those important regulations, which have been laid down by law for the conduct, of licensed houses,are those relating to the hours during which no sale is permitted, which will be dealt with more in detail at a later stage, and the prohibitions against permitting drunken— ness, serving drunken persons, ha-bouring pros- titutes, and harbouring or serving policemen while on duty.

THE /DEAL CONTEMPLATED BY THE LAW

Such a bare outline of the licensing law can naturally give but little idea of its spirit. Before we come to the actual state of things, it is well to consider what the law aims at. The licensing authority ought to grant just so many licenses as may be demanded by the needs of the district, with which they are supposed to be intimately acquainted The license holders ought to be specially selected persons in a position re- moved from the stress of competition, and so able to live without unduly pushing their sale, either by permitting drunkenipss or by harbouring improper persons Unfortunately, the actual state of things is widely different. Almost everywhere the number of licen- sed houses is utterly excessive beyond any possible theory of the requirements of the neighbourhood. There has also grown up behind the law the develop- ment known as the tied house system. While, in spite of the careful inquiry that is supposed to be made into the character and position of the license- holders, it must be confa9sed, without any wish to disparage the publicans as a class, that they are in no degree superior to their unselected neighbours. In spite of the fact that the law forbids drunken- ness to be permitted in the public-house, a very large number of drunken persons are annually gathered from the streets, and a much larger could be gathered were it not the usual practice of the police to leave those who are not so drunk as to be a danger to themselves or the public. We will proceed to examine into the effects of the excessive number of licensed houses, and the tied- house system, and then inquire into the cause of what can only be described as the failure of the

===== 0002601_19001109_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
present licensing laws. THE EXCESSIVE N1711,,8ER OF ,LICENSED HOUSES AND

ITS EFFECT. The proportion of all licensed premises to popu- lation in England and Wales is 1 to about 230. If it, is remembered that the number 230 includes child- ren, women and many others who for :various reasons consume little or no intoxicating liquors, and that there are of course some new districts, which are not over-licensed, it will be seen at a glance how great the excess must be. There are 15 boroughs and 15 petty sessional divisions, where the proportion is 1 to under 100, some going down es low as 1 to 60; there are 65 boroughs and 114 petty sessional divisions where the proportion is between Ito 100 and Ito 150. Even in districts where the general proportion of licensed houses is less, par- ticular parts may be very much over-licensed. Thus in Portsmouth the average is 1 to 153. In Portsmouth parish there are 25 licenses as compared with 31 food shops. In the High Street 1 house 14 is licensed, in one street as many as 1 in 5 The worst case is on the "Hard," where though trade has shifted and what necessity there may have ones been no longer exists,l3 out of 27 houses in a space of 191 yards are licensed, and licenses are thicklY strewn among the neighbouring streets and narrow disreputable alleys The locality is known as "Tile Devil's Acre"

Many other instances might be quoted; especiallY in some villages, in counties near London, the con- gestion of licenses is very extraordinary. At first sight it would seem to be obvious that the more places for the sale of drink the more drinking. but some people are inclined to argue that a reduc• tion of licensed houses would have no effect on the consumption. They do not, however, usually press the argument to its logical conclusion, namely, that in case the number was reduced the brewer Bhoul4 receive no compensation, because his sales of beer are not diminished They rely chiefly on police statistics of drunkenness, which can be obtained such a form as to appear to shew that a number ol places with a smaller number of licensed houses have more drunkenness than places with a greater number. Such calculations arenot worth the pert they are written upon In the first place, polies, statistics are useless as a criterion of the amount drunkenness in a place. They depend upon a nual; 'her of varying circums ances ; the strength an.' activity of the police force, the number of lock-P5 to which drunken men can be taken, the regulations in force for the treatment of drunken persons,and s° on. For instance, in Brighton the number of arrest's for druekenness in one year was observed to be nearly double those of the preceding years ; the el: planation was not an increase of drunkenness, WI: an increase of police activity owing to the app ment of a new chief constable. Secondly, other statistics can be produced showing an opposite state of things. Thirdly, no one asserts that mere twin; bet of public houses is the only factor in producint drunkenness ; the size and position of the house: ma have a good deal to do with it. Again a Ole', with few public houses may have often calve it' present tending to promote drinking, e g., big wages, climatic conditions, particular forms of eat: ployment ; so that it is impossible to compare, s' is usually attempted in such calculations, a bustling Northern town, where wages are high el! police active, with some Southern county,where people are very poor, and the police few and fa between. There is then nothing to refute the opinion that if you reduce the number of houses, you will reduce drinking and drunkenness, by the mere reduction of facilities and removal of , temptations. Other considerations point to the same conclusion First, the excessive number renders the cotnPe'l tion among the publicans very severe. It is often hard to make a living, and the publican is forced tn.„. resort, if not to illegal practices, to disreputahl! ones. He is not inclined to scrutinise the conditio.i's . of a customer too closely, for he knows that 111; neighbour will serve him if he does not. He givhe, sweets to children to attract them, and. gives " long pull," or more than a pint for a pint' A price: he gives free concerts and doubtful entertainment; m his premises. Secondly, the number wake' proper and efficient police supervision a practios impossibility. Thirdly, each publican has probabl a regular cliente!e of personal followers, who vilL drink for the good of the house, and the more limns there are, the larger is this class ; th more persons there are actively engaged in puzli',"4 the sales in their own interests, the, larger the 836' are like:y to be. There can be little doubt, when all this is takells into account, tat the number of licensed hoiise.s a factor of the first importance in encouraV,"F' drinkinw and drunkenness. There is an iairliedi4V° and crying necessity for a large r,,duecioe in tb 7,1 numbers. At a later stage 'we sh 1" all diBeB ' methods of effecing this reduction, as svail as tile I question of compenation, which is bound oP,,itll nl i it. We hare now to consider the other reer"n the development of the present administration of t I licensing laws, the tied house system.

Next Week "Tag TIED HOUSE SYSTEM"

===== 0002601_19001109_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
M M

===== 0002601_19001109_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NOVEMBER 11TH. At 10 30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6 30 Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS ;IN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURES, &c" &c., GO TO WILLIAM. TCDD, 16, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOI TELEPHONE, 7823.

FABIAN EDUCATIONAL LECTURES, 1900.- Mr. S. I). SH ALLARD will LECTURE in the DRUID' HALL on THURSDAY. NOV. 15th at 7.45. Subject: " MUNICIPALITIES AT WORK." CHAIRMAN, 'Councillor A. BENNETT.

THE SALVAIION ARMY. bENERAL BOOTH WI LL PRFACH I Tim SALVATION ARMY BARRACKS, HIGH-31 BERT. RUNCORN. ON TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 20,M, At 2.45 and 7.30 pen. Collection at the doors. Select seat tickets, sixpence each. Children with or without their parents cannot be admitted to there meetings.

WARRINGTON FORWARD MOVEMENT. ON SUNDAY NEXT. MR. WILLIAM NIGHTINGALE WILL GIVE AN ADDRE, S. SUBJECT: "IS PROHIBITION A FAILURE ?" SONGS AND RECITATIONS WILL BE GIVEN. Time 7 till 9. All are Welcome.

PARISH CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL TEA. PARR HALL, THURSDAY. NOVEDIBER 15th, 1900. AT B P.M. DANCING AND AMUSEMENTS 8 to 12. TICKETS is ur to Wednesday, Is 6d on Thursday. THIS wILL. BE 81 RICTLY A.PHERED TO. PROFITS FOR CHURCH AND PAROCHIAL EXPENSES,

EMMANUEL CHURCH, WARRINGTON (REFORMED EPISCOPAL). THE ANNUAL SALE OF WORK WILL (D V.) HE HELD IN THE SCHOOLROOM, OVER ARPLEY STATION, NOVEMBER 14TU, 15TH, AND 16711, 1990. THE SALE WILL BE 00ENED ON WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14T11. AT 3 P.M. BY CICERO SMITH, ESQ., of Southport. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER STH AT 3 P.M. BY NAMES DODDS. ESQ , AND MRS. DODDS.of WARRINGTON. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16Tn. AT 6 P.M. BY REV. EDWARD T. REED. TEA and other refreshments at moderate prices. ADMISSION :—Season Ticket. is.; First Day, 6d., Second 1)1,37. 3d., Third Day, id.

PARR BALL, WARRINGTON. MR R. H. PEARSONS EDWARD LLOYD FARWELL, CONCERT WEDNESDAY, NOVRMIIIIR 21st. POSITIVELY 1115 FINAL APPEARANCE IN WARRINGTON. ARTISTES : MISS EVANGRLINR FLORENCE. MISS SARAH BERRY. MR. EDWARD LLOYD. MR. H. LANE WILSON. BOLO VIOLIN MONS JOHANNES VirOLFF. BOLO PIANOFORTE MISS GERTRUDE PEPPERCORN. CONDITCToR MR PERCY STA.RNRS. Plan opens this day (Saturday) at Mcaers, R. H. Pe ,J4td.., Bold-street. Reserved dress stalls 6s; res.rverl vntre gallery 4s; reserved „body of hall 3s ; side gallery 2s Ed ; back gallery and body of 12411. Is. Open at 7.33. Concert at 8. Carriages at 10.15. Special train to Latchford. Thelayall and Lymm.

H RURAL, DISTR CT COUNCIL OF RUNCORN—ROAD MAN. The COUNCILREQINRE a ROAD MN to work in con- nection with their Stem Roller ; wages 245. per week. ...Applicants must ha.,e had previous experience in ROAD- =Alum). and must not be more than 35 years of age. Applications, with testimonials, and stating age and "Perience, to he sent to me, not later than ThURSDAY the 15th NOVBI4I3HR, 1900. By Order. GEO. F. ASHTON, Clerk to the Council. 70, H gh-street , Run corn. Bth November. 1900.

TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. TRANSPORTER BRIDGE. A PUBLIC MBIiTING ov THE RATRPAYSIIS OF RUNCORN WILL BE HELD IN THE DRILL HALL, 0-11KBNW kY-ROAD. 7.V on MONDAY EVENING NEXT,the 12th. Inst for the purpose of affording them an opportunity of conferring with the members of the Urban District Council with a view to eliciting the feeling as to how much the Council should con- tribute in shares to the undertaking of the company consti- tuted for the construction of a Transporter Bridge under the provisions of the Widnes and Runcorn Brilge Act, 1900. WILLIAM HANDLEY. Chairman of the Council.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MIANDOLINFS, GUITARS, BANKS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM'. PRACTICAL VIOLIN RARER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of f; A. Chanot,. 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVIRPOOL-

SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION.—Tbe PARISH of ST. ANN has greatly OUTGROWN its school ACCOM- MODATION. To meet the necessities of the neighbourhood and the demands of the Education Board, the School Managers being compelled to erect additional premises have adopted this scheme : (1) To build on site generously given by Mrs. Beamont. (2) Build to plans already approved by Education Board. THE SUM of £3OOO IS WANTED. Donations may be sent to St. Ann's New School Fund (Parr's Bank, Warrington) or any of the following : Nev. 3. DAVIES, 15, Folly-lane (chairman). W. RICHARDSON. Holly Bank, Walton (correspondent). EDWARD ROSE Blue Coat School (treasurer). JOHN BAIRD, Froghall-lane. l'his is a matter which concerns all. Let all be so con- earned as to contribute liberally, and at once,

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. lialThEn AG ADIST .LND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY TILE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO, 64. CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: 'Warrington Mr. C. j HOLMES, Market Gate s. Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nesscliffe. Victoria-rd..Latchford et, Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street Raydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows San d tech Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Parnworth Mr. j. HOLLAND WATSON.Moarileld House

•ErN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £435,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents t— wARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st., Messrs. Woods & eon. Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 1. Ring-street Mr. R. Lowe. 1, Bank—street.

LADIES' faLASTIC STOCKING D E PARTM ENT. PRIVATE ROOM FOR FITTINg. First-class Experienced Lady in Attendance. Each. Per Pair. ELASTIC STOCKINGS 3,. 6d.... 75. s, LEGGINGS KNEE CAPS ANKLKTS . 2s. 3d.... 45. 6d. -- THE CELEBRATED BLACK SCARBORO' COAT. 'WITH OR WITHOUT VELVET COLLAR, PRICE 25/. CYCLE CAPES FROM 2/11. -- NO. MORE ROUND SHOULDERS. LADIES' CHEST BRACES, from 35. 11d. THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN. J. E. HUGHES, AND SONS. 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET). LIVERPOOL. LATEST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT.

ESTABLISHED 1872. yE OLDE CASTLK DINING AND TEA ROOMS. 34. NEVILL-STREET, SOUTHPORT, (About One Hundred Yards from the Pier). Recently Eniarrzed, and now the most comfortable and commodious Establishment of its kind in Southport. ACCOMMODATION FOR 500 PERSONS At One Sitting. Second to None in the Tows for Quick Service. DINNERS, TEAS. AND LUNCHEONS •At Moderate Prices. Good accommodation for Cyclists.

• PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

THE WIDOW AND FAMILY of the LATH -I- WILLIAM LITTLI3I2 of 16, Leinster-Gardens, Runcorn, tender their sincerA thanks to all friends for sympathy in their recent sad bereavement.

JOHN H. GITTENS, 104GOLBORNE-ST., AND 1, REGENT-ST., WARRINGTON. HOUSE AND G ENERAL COMMISSION AGENT. DEBTS BOUGHT IN LARGE OR SMALL LOTS. ALSO AT VICTORIA CHAMBERSO QUEEN-STREET, EARLBSTOWN.

RE THOMAS HOLLAND, DECPIASUD LATE OF EAGLE MOUNT, STAFFORD ROAD, WILDERSPOOL. RETIRED FRUITERER. ALL PERSONS HAVING ANY CLAIMS against or being indebted to the Fstate of the above deceased are desired to communicate at once with the undersigned who will pay and receive all moneys. ROBERT DAVIES, KIRKCONNEL. DAVIES. BURGESS, AND HATTON. Solicitors for toe sole Executor. Warrington, 6th November. 1900.

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver Old-fashlonecl Jewellery; Diamonr,a, WatelA.es, Plate. &c. .ttn. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE. 47, LIME-STRICHT, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.B.—Money advanced upon Diamonds,Watchee,jewellery, Ac., At low rates. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, SURGICAL BANDAGES, ABDOMINAL Burs. EITY THEM PRIM THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH AND SONS. 37, BRECK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. ESTABLISHED 1866. "-PEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID—," " OH, YES ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' • • THANK YOU."

THE WARRINGTON SLATIVCO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FFOM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDER-;' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKETISTIAW COAL). MUD ()MCP; AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office : Maroon Street. Warrington

I\ll. T. G-ILLIGAN (UPWARDS OF 18 YEARS WITH THE LAT]] JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 331 BUTTERMARRET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN nnd COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and be hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage.

QETICr'E JACKETS! SERGE JACKRTS ! Li Every workman should have one of HAMTR'S cele- brated 49. 6d. Serge Jacketa, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65. BYROM-STREET. Liverpool. QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TRRNS for our- Celebrated re. 61. (to measure) TROUSER% Wonderfully good value. HkGUE AND CO. LIMITED. 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

k- "NOW BOYS; THROW OFF YOUR BOOZY FOOTWEAR," and walk into a pair of ARTHUR EVANS' sober and respectable feet comforters, they do not even drink wat,.. 51 LONDON ROAD, 24, BERRY-STRBBT, 51, BYROM-STREW. &C..

TLLIIMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING; Fac-Simills of Haudwritinz. Typewriting, plans. quan- tities ac.. copied and lithographel.--Buomrs AND Sas, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington.

VORFEITED: Solid GOLD CURB ALBERT; evervt 1. link hell-marked ; nearly new; end Finlendid SPADB ACB GUINBA ; £5 125 6d.—DAVIS, 9, Strangeways, Manchester.

QEALSKTN JACKET, very handsome fßshionable shape ; storm collar ; equal to new ; £6 10e.—DAv18, Pawnbroker, Strangeways, Manchester.

FORFEITED : GENT'S DIAMOND RING; mag- nificPnt colon*: ; foil of brilliancy: 18ct.•;gpld ; claw setting; £lO 108., bargain.—DAVlS. 99. Strangevrts, Man- chester.

OHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. ki The TECONICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE offer for Competition the following Scholarships. 1. Fourteen Scholarships tenable for Twelve weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worlegton, and commencing on January Ist, 1901, for ineruction in Rutter Making. Cookery, Laundry Work, Dressmaking, Housework. and Sick Nursing. 2. Two Scholarships to Women, tenable for fifteen months at the School of Domestic Economy. Chester for instruction in Cookery, Laundry Work and Dressmaking aryl to enable them to obtain the Teachers' Diploma for those subjects commencing in January, 1901. 3. Twelve Scholarships for spenial short courses of instruction in Agriculture and Horticulture. and ten- able for nine weeks at the Agricultural and Horticultural School, Holoces Chanel, and commencing January, 1901. Particulars in regard to the above and forms of Appli- cation may he obtained*frem the under signed. Appli- cations will 131 received up to November 30h. The com- plete scheme of Schclarships sanctioned for 1901 may also now be obtained. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary. Crewe, November Ist, 1900.

ip t 1 WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all ITAND-MADE PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASE, well finished and especially adapted to fit flit in the pocket. "FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch is time to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNV OF ROIiGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Rona- flde Written Guarautee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANOB AND CO., %VP tehrnakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the 1%13111. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in °mists: 5d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GEDDES Awn SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTARLIIIED 1833

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best raine in the town or district. Sold by weight fro," SRVRN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCR to FIFTY SHILLINGS. 411 sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTA.NDR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 4.3, Sankey-street, Warrington. established 1884.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

END OF SEASON SALE. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES, AND JACKETS. GREAT BARGAINS. CYCLE CAPES FROM 28. 11D. GENTLEMEN'S SAC COATS FROM 14s. IID. J. E. HUGHES AND SONS, 36, PARADISE-STREET (OFF CHUROH-STREET), LIVERPOOL. LITE Sr. GEORGE'S CRESCENT. A FEW ODD GARMENTS FROM 58. 11D.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sonni ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Preseot Factory 20 YEARS' Guarantee Certificate with esch of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 365. Hunters from £2 12s. 6d. Liverpool Agent: R. RUBENS, 15 & 16. ST. JOHN'S-LANE, LIVERPOOL. Also WALTHAIiI WATCHES in Gold, Silver, and Gold- tilled at Lowest Prices Ctlrrent.

VT. A. LESLIE, COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHER AND IRONMONGER, &c. " MENIX HOUSE," 50, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WILL OPEN THE ABOVE NEW AND EXTENSIVE PREMISES WITH AN EXTENSIVE STOCK OF FURNITURE, CARPETS, LINOLEUIIS, OILCLOTHS, &C. &C. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ON NOVEMBER 17rEt, 1900. AN INSPECTION IS CORDIALLY INVITED His Ironmongery Business &a ,- will be carried on as usual at his Premises Opposite. 57 AND 89, MERSEY-STREET.

KELLIE'S WATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNUHALLENGED AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMRKKBPING. ALL HAND MADE. 21, NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6010. N.B.—!dr. JOHN RELLIE has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained the highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

JOHN ATKINSON. 62, AND 64. GO LBORNE—STREKT. WARRINGTON. BAKER. AND CONFECTIONER. . DINNERS, TBAS AND REFRESHMENTS. SCHOOLS AND PARTIES SUPPLIED. WEDDING AND A ts rECIALITT. iITUDAY CAMP,

OSBORNE AND SONS, PLASTERERS AND LATH MANUFACTURERS, ST. JAMEW-STREET, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON. UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS I ! THE LATEST ROVE TIES SUITABLE POE PRESENTS. T,ADUIT & GP:NTLEMEN'S WALKING STTCRR UNIERBLLAS AND 3tINSHADI3 RECOVERED IN 11 ALI AN HOUR FROM 39. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. l 79, STORES, OWEN STREET.

A NATURAL PROTECTOR. THOSE WOO SUFFER FROM WEAK CHEST—OR LUNGS ARE UNFORTUNATELY NUMEROUS IN THIS COUNTRY— SO DAMP AND CHILLY IN AUTUMN AND WINTER. FOR ALL SUCH WE NATURALLY FEEL, AND HAVE THEREFORE PRODUCED A NATURAL FELT CHEnT AND LUNG PRO I ECTOR, EASY AND LIGHT, WARM SAND DURABLE. THESE GIVE GREAT WARMTH AND THOROUGH PROTECTION FROM ¶CHILLS. SINGLE FROM 6D. DOUBLE FROM is. 6D. -.- BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ALSO AT 20 ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGE STREET, RUNCORN, AND 17, POST OFFICE ARCADE, ACCRINGTON.

DoNT COUGII—USE DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effoctual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. K.EATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating' a Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. im Sold everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt o stamps. from THOMAS ICHATING. Chemist. London.

• )(TRITE STAR LI NE • v ROYA MAIL STEAMERS. I 117BRPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. MAJESTIC ...Wed., Ecv. 7 TEITTONICI—Wed., Nov. 21 OCEANIC ...Wed., Nov. 14 GERZIANIO Wed., Nov. 28 'CYMRIC Fri. Loy. 16 MAJESTIC... Wed.. Dec. 5 *Will not call at Queenstown on th s voyage, Third Class passage at low rates including Outnt free of charge to New York, Boston, Phils3elphia, or Baltimore Apply to itiMAY, IN! LE, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Street, S.W., and 34, L denhall the cb, ti. C.. London.

W. 110DGKINSON, LIMITED, ARE NOW SHOWING IN THEIR COSTUME AND MANTLE SHOWROOMS, SOME VERY SMART TAILOR MADE COATS AND JACKET, ALSO SEVERAL HANDSOME MODELS IN MANTLES JUST RECEIVED. A LARGE STOCK OF RICH FURS IN SABLE, CHINCHILLA, ERMINE' PERSIAN LAMB, CARACUL, &c. FUR ALTERATION. EVERY DE3CRIPTION OF FUR 3 RE-MODELLED BY EXPERIENCED:WORKERS ON THE PREMISES. DRESS AND SILK DEPARTMENT. W: HODGKINSON, LIMITED, ARE SHOWING SOME ELEGANT DESIGNS IN NET. SEQUIN, LACE AND SILK ROBES FOR EVENING WEAR, ALSO SOME SMART MODELS liT BuOUSES, LACE, AND SILK SLIPS. REAL LACES, LONG CHIFFON TIES FOR EVENING WEAR. A VISIT OF INSPECTION* WILL BE ESTEEMED. 46 & 48 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. BANKS, LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S OUTFITTER, 62, HORSEMARKET STREET, AND SCOTLAND-RD. WARRINGTON, HAS OPENED THE ABOVE PREMISES. PRIVATE DEPARTMENT FOR LADIES, (ENTRANCE FROM SCOTLAND ROAD.)

THE M.O.D. SPECIAL LINE IN OVERCOATS. A GOOD SEqVICEABLE OVERCOAT OF RELIABLE MELTON CLOTH WITH VELVET COLLAR, FOR Ms. YOU CANNOT GET THIS COAT ELSEWHERE, AS IT IS OUR OWN MAKE, AND IS SOLD AT A PRICE WHICH DEFIES COMPETITION 888 THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT'S WINDOV S FOB BARGAINS IN WINTER OVERCOATS, 8. AND 10, HO RSEHARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

AUTUMN SALE THIS DAY, AND UNPIL NOVEMBER NTH, AT TEE PIGI\irEF-R COMPLETE A-4 11. FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19 BOLD-STREET LIVERPOOL GENUINE REDUCTIONS. DURING SALE, CARPETS WILL BE MDR FREE. BLINDS MADE FREE. LINOLEUMS LAID FREE. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, SPECIAL PRICES AND 1/6 IN THE ;6- ALLOWED. BONA FIDE OPPORTUNITY TO BUY FAR BELOW REquLAR VALUE. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.

DO NOT MISS AN OPPORTITNITY. SALE SALE. SALE. A SAVING FROM 30 TO 50 PER CENT. AT T. MARCUS AND 00., GENERAL HOUSE AND HOTEL FURNISHERS, 3 AND 5 MOSS STREET, LIVERPOOL- THE WHOLE STOCK OF NEV AND GENUINE HIGH CLASS SECOND HAND F U RNIT U RE IS OFFERED AT GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES, AND MUST BE CLEARED PRIOR TO STRUC ruRAL ALTERATIONS. LARGEST AND MOST ARTISTIC SELECTION IN LIVERPOOL. CASH OR CREDIT AN INSPECTION INVITED AND JU DGH FOR YOURSELVES. We pay Carriage to every Stqtion in the Ualted Kingdom. Trams plea the door from all parts every few minutes.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2051.

ESTABLISHED 1838. XMAS RICHARD JEFFR,EYS Xi/AS PRESENTS PIiSSENTS 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOIGGIIAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MOR REI 417 S ,',7; ;;4"-T INKS. - (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE

Teezennewsznamects,nntrzn,iwnurraes=4 :....n.g.-........... COSTUMES & MANTLES GUARANTEED BY , , , q-,\#_.,it .... '4,',;•,. —q*# t ;•'• • re ~ ,' , .-4 ~ '.. • , . ~.,•;.; LE LTD., - ~, 4 I, ,i. ,•,-, ,t , fit: t, —.,,-;6• ,;.,-i-- ::••.,. 4, .t.,,,,,, c , , .1. .7, Sent by Parcel post Without Delay, Safely Packed. ..i'l./P 'al MODEL 256.—We1l cut Bodice, velvet revers,trim- ,o.c.i ...N'tta:,•P t. , itiolcbolmati.!ltne d Costume. white. Fug,Tr tlgoer,s6t.i.r.t.oPrice 4, -,,. ,•;;:lli,, lie 6 •. 0,,t.,,...,::,,,..itl c 0)0A1 trita,..,d ti at (as sketch), 76. Carriage, 6d. ' PATTERNS POST FREE of Costume Coating and Cheviot Serge, the good durable •&15.6.• ---,----4, „,‘,-.,. :\\=-A ' --‘k cloths in which this Costiime is made. # ‘7,:\, : COLOURS :—Black, Navy, Myrtle, Fawn, Royal Blue, 'V' ••5...,.., 4., , ‘ ' and Grey. ' rsO:n V Sizes in Stock of Ladies' Costumes are 34, 36, 3S ins. 0 \ round bust (iiiid9- .. arms); Waists, 24, 26, 23 ins.; Skirts ure 38, 40. 42 ins. long iu front. Any other size made to weas, 1,6 extra. ..1 A smart well made Jacket, weII—.MODELS 336 ,l ••••-\\ 41); - ctit and finisdied in a good wearing heavy cloth.B I,,Alze;,k;i:k ..,v, v , t7+ s ' .3ekonly. Price S/r). Carriage, 61. Please state -•••,\.'," \.; . ....5;4 Bii ii (mlcier arms) measur,ment when ordering. Thc: NEW FASHION LIST sent POST FREE. SPECIAL \-----„,,,, VALUES in Ladies' and Children's Costumes, Capes, , ' •--S.l Mantles, underclothing, waterproofs, and Dress Fabrics. (1,7 \\ Please name this paperzteknsotrdering or writingto— \ \•, 1.. V. Lk.A.:.........-Hi 14 0811 LID, , *MANCHESTER. ...._ ~ ,.. ..

WOULD YOU HAVE ' SOFT VELVETY , 0 SKIN? Then use • 8fr,11): 1A : 6 '. 1• . 6 i t 0 ' .. • , • ,4 entirely. ' .. I: remove al, ai ROUGHNESS,CHW, q 10 4- .--, TAN, IRRITATION, et c , Bottles in amj3vEeEry short time. , 6d.,15. and 25.6. CHELTENHAM.T ivlB c

************** * * * It De Quincey9S * I * * idea of Happiness. * * Without, a stormy night; * * the wind howling and whistling -*- * like the cries of wandering spirits. * * Within, a bright fireside; a warm pair of slippers; a daintily 7N 3:E spread table; and a lady with a * * pot of delightfully fragrant and * refreshing tea. * It is possible for every reader * * of this paper to realise much *. * of the happiness of De ~ Quincey's ideal, without waiting lt- * for the next stormy night, for 4 Brooke, Bond's Tea is at all "'',, * times delightfully fragrant and it-1 * refreshkig. If the Mistress of * the Home, who sees this, im- -* mediately buys Brooke, Bond's * * Tea, she will increase the pleasure ,4 of her family and friends. They 1 * will regard the time when she * * dispenses Brooke, Bond's de- * licious Tea, as the happiest ~ * time of the day. * * 30,000 Agents sell it at 16 *- -*- - per lb. Half a Pound for the 46. Nimble Ninepence. Full weight "1,., -*- without the paper. * * * *-1 Brooke, Bond's Tea. * *1 * **************

Apartmento, & eurnisbeti ilouots.

MORECAMBE.—Mrs. THonNToN has comfortable Apart- ments ; facing sea and prom.; private and public ; terms moderate. Winterdyne.

Nit ORBOAMBE W.E. Furnished House to let, Drawiug 131 and aning Rooms, four Bedro3ms, Bath. Terma low, address Box " Examiner" Oale,Warrington.

BOURNBMOUTEL—ComfortabIe Winter APARTMINTS. Private house, overlooking pleasure gardens ; near sea ; pines; station.—GLENAR.S Derby-road. Terms moder- ate.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDUATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71. HUSTON SQUALLS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS IND (VIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd.

QOIITHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE .HYDRO, Physician: Dr, BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including lurkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

rUBLIOANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING OR RE-SEATING SHaIILD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE ANT DISTAIIOE. BAR TABLES. COUNTERS, FITEINGS C.

F. R. LAMB & CO., HOTEL AND BAR YVITERS. PRIZE MEDAL BEER ENGINES, BEER AND SPIRIT TAPS, CORK DBAWBES, MULLERS, TABLES. Send for Prices. Estimates free. 16A, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER. Telephone 08915.

ARROP ]3 H ROS. AND k.JOMPANY. PEWTBRERS AND COMPLETE BAR FITTERS: PATENT DRIPLESS BEIM-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

3110r0e5, eiarriagrO. &r,

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, A UDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

II ESfMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH 8; SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

ON SALE, GROCERY AND PSOVISION BUS INESS corner shop: cash trade, owner rething fixture £3O: stock at valuation.-2, King-street, Bury.

ON SALE, HAIRDRESSING and TOBACCONIST BUSI- NESS ; centre ot Bolton; together or separate.—Apply 7, CiimacnGATE, Bolton.

BW and Pork Business, good neigtMourhood ; cash trade: nearly new gas engine and silent machine, and every requisite.—Apply 75, Old ELM-STREET, Ardwick. Manchester.

URUI I', FISH, S; POULTRY BUSINESS, taking £35 per week; rent 14s. 3d. clear ; horse, cart & fixtures.— TIMPERLEY Co., 71, Market-st., Manchester.

MOBACCONIST BUSINESS in Oldham; a little gold I mine; low rent; rare chance; £3s.—Call or write TIMPERLET & Co., 71, Market-it., Manchester.

- MILK BUSINESS, selling 8 dozen daily; 2 horses, float, 04rt, and harness ; spltncid chance; £140. TIMPERLEY and Co., 71, Market-st.. Manchester.

BAEING and CONFECTIONERY BUSINESS, taking £l2 weekly ; low rent; opportunity seldom met with.— TIXPERLEY S; CO., 71, Market-st., Manchester. BUSINESS.—Persone desirous tol SELL, or BUY BUSI- MISSES are advised to consult GLASS AND CO.. 41 , Cor- poration-street, Manchester. Cheapest medium.

AFF-LICENCE, Grocery, Provision (Longsight) ; doing 31 barrels G. and W. ales; rent 10s ; 3 bedrooms • £175; bar.—GLASS isp.Co., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester. fIREENGROCHRY, Fish and Rabbits ' • 5 miles out ; taking £2O weekly ; good house part ; horse, cart, harness. £BO.—OLISS AND Co., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester,

IUISH. CHIPS, taking £6 to £7 weekly, rent 123 6d clear; 12 three bedrooms. Bath, sitting-room ; £35 ; nicely Wed.—G.l4g3 AtID Co., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

VISH, Chips. and Tripe, in country; near Altrincham 1 average takings, £6 weekly ; good house part ; large garden; £3B; bArgain.—GLAS3 AND Co.. 41, Corporatton-st., Manchester.

QRIONGROORRIC, Fish, Poultry, and Rabbits, taking £35 weekly; rent 12s. 2d. clear ; three bedrooms ; well fitted ; offer Wanted.—OLlSS AND Co., 41,Corporation-street, Manchester.

CIONFBCTIONBRY and Mixed (Bolton), taking £l2 k) weekly ; good house pirt ; bakehouse ; on level £11.) ; only wants atei.tg.—GLass AND Co.. 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

CHIPS and TRIPH, taking £lO weekly, rent £.2.4, 1. 4 bedrooms, bath, w.c., sittingroom, kitchen, ecc., £7O, great sacrifice.—Giass AND Co., 41. Corporation-street, Manchester.

HAIRDRIiSSINQ and TOBACCONIST, takings £6 weekly. rent, 8s 3d clear, 3 bedrooms, kitchen, etc.. £5O. including stock and furniture; chance seldom met with.-OLASE3 AND Co„ 41, Corporation-street. Manchester.

MILLINBRY AND DRBSSIAKIN4, main street; 10 miles out; average takings £l2 weekly; 3 beds, kitchen. etc., also workroom, spendidly fitted, good clean stock, £3OO. as going concern,—ULL.ss AND Co, 41, Corpora- tion-street, Manchester.

JOHN BROWN & CO, ICCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (ESTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLAsSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTII JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL.

Ea be Ert.

_ 88, BOYLE STREET, rent 3s. 93. PENKBTH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and 2a. Bd. per week. BANK, dTREBT OFFICH, £5 room. 25, CATHBRINE SrlißßT, rent 4s. 3d. apply ROBERT LowE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

rpo Llia good HOUSlii in Derby-street, rent 4s 6d.—Apply I_ WOODS and EON, Solicitors, ilorseniarket-street, Warrington.

Tiro LEL—LARGIC ROOM, Orford-street ; rent al— l. Apply WOODB it Sort, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. -

-- DREMISIIS suitable for WORKSHOPS, Orford-street.--- ▪ Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. rro LET, good HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.— ..I. Apply WooDs AND Solt, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

910 LET.—WOR7C3IIOP, 6) x 30 off Cartwright-street, L Warrington.—Apply to Mr. JOHN LoNGsgsw, 98,Love1y- lane, Warringtom

SQHOP and DWBLIING, convenient cellar, adjoining four others, suit butcher, grocer, ao,-65, BEwesEr STREET, Warrington ; apply SKELLAND. 63.

PO Ern, STABLE and COAOH-HOUSR, with lofts over I. large yard attached off Tanners-lane.—Apply WOODS aud Sort. Solicitors, 55. liorsemarket-street, Warrington.

910 LBT, Lymm. New Workshop with 3 smiths' hearths, 1. beliows, anvils, benches, &c. Gas and water, good light, suit small manufacturer, Me cutter, brass or iron founder, tool maker. Near Bridge-water canal. Immediate posses- sion. FRED THOMPSON k SON, 8, 81 Ann's-place, Manchester or SAVILLE, Ironmonger, Lymm.

A LL Sufferers from tape-worms quickly relieved, particu- -1111. lars free.—Addreas HIGSON, Box 278, North-street, Nottinwham. PROFITABLN GOODS TO SELL. Every kind. Method 1 for beginners. Wholeeale book free.—Write ILENRT MAY, Merchant, (624), Birmingham. CAAMEKREPER'S RABBIT NETS made from 4-fold super flsx,,Lso yards, 103. Plaited Cords.—Jomisos's NET WiaEnousx, 38, Corporation-street, Manchester. JJANCING.—Waltzing learnt in half an hour, instructions sent Is. post free simple method, guaranteed genuine. —W, BaocKEEEtunsT, London House, Ruthin.

GIVING. AWAY, two BRUSSBLS CARPBT RUGS. Bordered 63in. by 271 n. 32in. by 18in. Carriage Paid 36.—Wcoes, Manufacturer, 88, Roselyink-itreet, Dundee,

UPTURE.—Gentleman (cured himself) will send free it, particulars of inexpensive Self-curative Treatment. Stamped address. Box 46, 59. OASTLE-EITREKT, Carlisle. LIR= FISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS,aIso SHOP on 1 wheels. —Write to makers for most up to date Catalogue in the Trade.—MAßßoTT's, 51, Lever-st , Manchester. IANAHIHS well bred; this year's birds commenced sing- ing ; Cocks 3s 6d ; Hens is 6d; no shop rubbish ; 40 tO pick from ; 7, BISSRLL-sTREET, off Mill-lane, Warrington. .

pRIVATE CH tiISTMAS CARDS, printed in Gold with own wording, name and address, from Is. 6d. per dozen; sample book sent.--InomAs BROTHERS AND CO.. Printers, 34, 36 and 37, Everton.road, Liverpool. rpo BE SOLD OR LET FREEHOLD HOUSE. Dryden- .l road, Edge-lane, Liverpool. five Bedrooms, Entertain- ing Rooms, Kitchens, Greenhouse. Part can remain on Mortgage.— 22, PRIORY-ROAD, Broad Green, Lverpool.

I II OW TO ENSURE lIHALTH."—A medical work .11. giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds ot Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES, 43, Lonsdale Sqoare, Birnsburv, London,N

ILO DOUBLB BASS; good tone. f our.trings, ES lOs ; Old Violins and 'Cellos wanted for cash, or repaired artistically, Waterproof 'Cello Cases, 14s gd ; Reliable Violin Outfits from £1 18.-11ESKETH. Violin Maker, 23, Lower Mosley-street, Manchester.

QIX PATENT AUTOMATIC NIPPLE-MAKING Machines 1.3 (to turn out 9,000 nipples a day), with Squaring. Tap- ping, and Nieking Machines. Shafting and Counter-Shafting complete ; nearly new ; no reasonable offer refused.— Address J.L.W.. Newton Grange, Chester.

ArIIVING UP HOUSEKHRPING ; large Kelly HARD MONIUM ; fine order; suit mission, school or home; Brinsmead Piano; superb instrument, and a complete House of Furniture ;no reasonable offer refused (purchaser's fare paid).-76,PRINCESS-ROAD, Moss-side, Manchester, LIVERY sufferer should know " Vetedaceo " the greit 124 Australian Herbal Remedy, cures Bright's Disease, Cancer, Consumption, Piles, Gall Stone. Liver and Kidney Complaints, Gravel, Stricture, Eczema, Rheumatism, Indi- gestion, 8;c, Price per bottle is. lfd.. 2s. 9d. and 4s. from Chemists or sole agent R. Hx,s.Ps, 110, Mil-street, Liver- pool. TO BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive .1 Works, tat ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land. with siding to the railway. suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HosKING, 16, Fenwick- street, Liverpool. CIARTRIDGE3.—Warrilow's Noted Chippeuham, for kill- ing, with treble strong powder, superior English wads, cases, and chilled shot, any size to order—Brown, 51 9d ; blue. 6s ; green. 65 6d; long shot reds, 7s 6d; unequalled, smokeless, reduced recoil light report, no smoke, but most effective, 75 6d ; superior, 85 6d ; best, 93 6d ; special for pigeon shooting, 84c., 10s 6d ; these are special prices for cash with order only ; 600 sent carriage paid if cash with order. " Shoot the Kynock ' Smokeless powder," remarkable for killing and absolute safety; gun repairs, re-stock, re-bore, choke, and snooting a speciality. Get full particulars free from WARRILOWEI GUN AND CARTRIDGE WORSB, Chippen- barn, Wilts.

KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S' roWDER. KEATIN GS POWDER. tHills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Hills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NEW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/.. NEW BELLOWS, 9d. ; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Insects.) 'sold in Tins, 3d,, 6d., and Is., also in the new filled Bellows. 9d. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. K I LLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

BERESFORD'S (I. ATE WEBSTER'S) REFRESHMENT ROOMS, 13 AND 15, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGFHTON. APARTMENTS, BEDS. FIRST CLASS ACCaMMODA.TION FOR CYCLISTS. Picnic Parties Caterert for on the Shortest Notice:

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written promise to pay back. Apply VICTORIA. CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at raj Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. :4. Applications from RUNCORN and District general' receive precisely the same attention. oans in sums of £7, El. 0, £2O. £3O, £BO and upward

NA/ AMR D GBNIMAL, for one lady. No washing. plain V cooking, £l6, good home to suitable person, lama JoITES, 1, tank-street, Warrington.

WANTED, smart JUNIOR CLERK; Shorthand and Typist essential.—Apply WARIUNGTON LATE CO., LTD., 33, Bold-street, Wareington.

ONEOAMBl2.—Superior Apartments, with or without in. board ; bath ; pianos. etc.—Mrs. Scelix, Oulton House 22, Sea View Parade, West End Rm. A,

Q WHETS, Minerals, Ices, and Tobacco, suburb, taking £4 ; rent 11 clear ; three bedrootns, sitting-room ; £3S,—GLASS AND Co., 41, Corporation-street. Manchostdr.

ILLINBRY and Fancy DRA.PHRY (ehorlton-cnns .1211. Har.iy) ; Lock-up Shop ; rent £l5 yearly ; suit young Iady.—GLASS AND Co., 41. Corporation-street, Manchester.

GROCERY and Provisions, taking £5O weekly ; rent £4O; four bedroo s, bath ; fixtures, fittings, utensils, £2OO ; stock cost. All kinds of businesses for sale.-01.A.58 AND CO., 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

COBNISH Boiler, 17-6 by 5-6; Marine Boiler, sby4 6; Vertical Boiler, 4by2 9 ; Greenhouse Copper Boiler, 2 6 by 1 10.—LAImuu, Hoole, Chester.

pORTABLE IiNGINE.—SmaII double-cylinder portable I:NaINE, with boiler and Injector ; also useful One Horse Cart, in good order,—Apply WILLIAM Noßms, Faru- worth, Widnes.

OVELY Fawn PUG PUPPY (female), by champion " Earl of Preitbury," perfect in all points ; nice present for lady. Mrs. BENSON, Wyndholme, Wigan, WVANTED, a DOMESTIC, for Chip Shop.—Apply, 29 ScHooL-LINE. Wigan.

NveEDH(fmooed Farm,GENERAL tle Servant.esy 131upriLlynloAlna..1,irSenmjni, ‘V ANTED, COOK and HOWSEMAID, about November Bth; some washing.—Mrs. HARRISON, Woodville, Ilkley, Yorkshire.

MR. J. M. MUIR, wishes to express his appreciation and grateful thanks to the many friends for their kindness in his great bereavement. and for their last tribute of respect to the memory of his dear wife. 184, 'Wilderspool Causeway. Warrington. 2nd November, 1900.

FAMILY m Rd. desire tooAtleAndSer their UsinGclierTe OTNHANAKIId sto all who so kindly assisted in extinguishing the fire at Haslam Farm. and also to the very numerous friends for their exptessions of sympathy. NIOSES ROBERTS would like to hear from hie brother WILLIAM, or any of the Family.—Address G. P. 0. ADELAIDE, South Australia.

RBTIBING FROM BUSINESS.—An old-establishei Family Grocery and Provision BUSINESS for Disposal Stock immaterial; or stock and fixtures at valuation.—For particulars, apply 15. CHURCH-STREET, Widnes. rro BE LET.—TWO DWELLING-HOUSES in Ellesmere- -1.. road, Stockton Heath ; eight rooms, bath, hot and cold water; w.c.—Apply 26. ELLESMERE-ROAD, Stooktom Heath

I ArkUrlii itiJors.Wool) hAhMOVIUM, periect condition 14 only £8; suit mission act:loot or home; also BRIM- MRAD Pita° ; magnificent instrument ; great bargain.— (Purchaser's fare paid).-75. PALWESS-RoA.D, Moss bide, Manchester.

SHOP LBX, Padget% suit Butcher or Greengrocer. /to rent se. week clear. —Apply J. B. GAstrAND,Bridge-etreet Warrington.

inatbtliergt etc. 66 riONQUEROR " GAS ENGINES are excellent; several k..) second hand ; Crossley's ; state requirements.-, EDWIN SUITS, Blackburn, • ON SALE, One Vertical ENGINE and BOILER Com- bined to develop 3 H. P. Pump and Governors attached.—Apply C. Carrox, Engineer, Scotland load. Warrington.

ASPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOOLS, new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 18im Centres bit to 2011, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 411 by 211 square to 12tt by 4fl square. Drilling Radial and Vertical. Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working Ma3hinery, etc.—PAßriNGTorr, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G. WILSON AND CO. Pals. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER. NEW 1930, HANDBOOK tiILA'I2IS.

jeATIANT orieluo martualitsTuit, H3TA.BLISHED zit 1835. Mesa EiBORGE DAVIEB & SON have hart mo: e than tie years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praeticalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GtRORUB DAVIES, C.E., & SON, M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

ANOTHER UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL. PIT TS' S, LONLON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch), ALSO AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTnORN (Juet past Manchester Central Station). -- BUSINESS HOURS, 8 to 7. SATURDAYS. 8 to 9. THE OLDEST FIRM IN THE TRADE. (Iff, WAD SOME POWER THE GIFTIE GIE I US, TO SEE OURSEL'S AS ITHEILS SEE US," sang Bobbie Burns, but had he been the proprietor of a pros- perous Furnishing Business, satisfactorily fulfilling the requirements of the public, he would have had no need to so express himself, as innumerable opportunities would have been afforded him of seeing himself as others saw him. Almost every other post brings us such, of which the follow- ing is a fair sample : Blackburn, 12/91:0. Mr. S. Pitts. Furnisher, London-road. Manchester. Dear Sir. CI am eaclosing the balance of my ac2ount with you, which amount I retained until the furniture should prove satis - factory lam very pleased indeed with it so far, and must say that the goods are exceptionally reasonable. I may tell you also that before deciding to place my order with you I compared the prices and goods of so ee other firms, both in Manchester and here, and found them to come nowhere near you for the price. You are at liberty to make whatever use you like of this testimonial, providing you do not give publicity to my name or initials —Wishing your business every success, I am, yours faithfully, ,The original of this letter can be seen in Pitts's show win- dows. with the signature obliterated of course. DITTS'S COULD EASILY FILL THIS NEWS- .L PAPER with expressions of approval similar to the above, but as one straw shows which way the wind blows. probably one testimonial will suffice to direct wide-awake people to the right emporium where 25 to 58 per cent can be saved. PTT RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 224 284, 381, 50, 75, 100. 200, up to 1,000 guineas, excite wonder and admiration in all who see them. THEY STAND UNRIVALLED. They are a source of pride and delight to PITTS'S countless customers, and of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone aatounded at the quantity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possessing a Happy English Home, comfortably. artistically, and econo- mically furniehed,should send to PITTS'S for full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments by arrangement. PITTS'S SPECIAL THIRTY-EIGHT AND A HALF GUINEA BARGAIN.—Dining-room includes nice Suite in leather or saddlebags. imposing Sideboard, massive Dining Tab.e, elaborate Brass Rail Fender and Brasses, Floorcloth or Bordered Carpet, nice design Hearth- rug, Cornice Pole and Pair of Curtains. Drawing-room: Capital Suite in plain or figured velvet tapestry or saddle- bags, Centre table, artistic Cabinet, grand Overmantel, Car- pet. Rug. Fender, and Fire Brasses, Cornice pole and Pair of Lace Curtains. Best Bedroom: Handsome Suite Polished Walnut, Satin Walnut or Mahogany, fitted with brass handles, substantial. full-sized Brass and Enamelled Bed- stead, Wool Overlay, Bolster and Two Pillows, Bordered Carpet, Toilet Service, Cornice Pole and Pair Lace Curtains. Second Bedroom: Suite and other requisite Articles similar to above. Kitchen : Set of Table, Chairs, Armchair, Table, Fender and Fireirons. Floorcloth and Hearthrug. Stairs and Landing, fitted with Oilcloth, Carpet, Stair Rods and Eyes, Door Mats, Brass Plate, &c. This is a splendid lot, thoroughly reliable. Compare it with any 75 , guinea lot in the city. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE for One Hundred Guineas, equal to what expensive city firms charge £250 for. Eight r,ooms, each containing re- quisite number of tasteful, durable articles, Space forbids details, but the drawing-room is in Rich Tapestry, Dining- room Leather. Sitting-room Saddlebags, First Bedroom, American Walnut ; Second, Mahogany ; Third. Satin Walnut Fourth, Decorated ; Kitchen, Scullery,Hall, Stairs, Landings, Carpets, Rues, Floorcloths. Unquestionably a marvellous bargain. Well worth inspecting. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS and BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them. pITTS'S CARPETS and FLOOR COVERINGS.— Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, many of which exclusively exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. DITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSIN ETTES, MAIL CARTS LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, EARTHENWARE, Magnificent Selection. Astounding Value. Well worth inspection. PITTS'S OFFICE and LIBRARY FURNITURE. —Every Description of Bookcases, Secretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about Half City Prices. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCEIESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwiek and Longsight Cars) ; GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1,124.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FRXIALE:COMPLAINT- ATRs. S".SOIITITERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the followmg CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession f the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outeide label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the tiole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & Sox 057 Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paula London, are "engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each by most Chemist. T ONDON AND PROVINCIAL LOAN COMPANY. LOANS £3 TO £lOOO. TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. also LOANS granted on ordiaary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions. Life Interests, Freehold and Leasehold Property, £5 repayable 2/6 per wk. £25 repayable 12/61per wk. £lO „ 61- „ £3O „ 15/- „ £l5 „ 7/6 „ £35 „ 17/6 „ £2O „ 10/- £4O ~ 20/- No Fees or Fines Charged. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office Hours 9to 2, and sto 8 p.m. Saturdays 9to 1 p.m. Apply to JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, Mersey-street. Warrington.

BOROUGH OF WA REINGTON.-TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTOR. The Health Committ, e of the Council of tne Borough o Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for the BRECIION OF A SANITORIUM in Great Sankey. Drawing. specificatious. , may b.:, seen, and forms ot tender, bills of quantities, and all further information ob- tained at the office ot the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall. on and after Ili, 2nd thy 01 Sef.,ternber, at which place tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock on Wednesday, the 18th ds,y of September. The lowest or any tender not necessarilly Reeeptel. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Surveyor, Borough Sur:eyor's ()facto, Augu3t 24th, 1900.

• In the organism of man as in that of all the highest animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of he structure are supplied hy the Blood. If the Wood is diseased the body is diseased." " Clarkes' World famed Blood Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin Diseases, It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and ;will free the system from all I impurities from whatever cuse arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per Bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substqute— Advt. 7

IMPURITIES L'A THE BLOOD.--We have seen nest of letters from people who have received great benefit from th 3 use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It canuot be too highly estimates for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities This is a good stirnonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say : "It is the finest Blood Purifier the science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Le gs Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kin ds s effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonia is. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 23. sa. per bottle. Beware of &worthless limitation s and substitutes. Advt (4)

WT. HODGKIN-SON, LIMITED, ARE NOW SHOWING SOME VERY HANDSOME MBES FOR EVENING WEAR IN SEQUIN, EMBROIDERED NET, AND LACE. ALSO SEVERAL SMART MODELS IN BLOUSES, LACE AND MUSLIN DINNER BODICES. AND A FINE COLLECTION OF LACES. A VISIT WILL ItE ESTEEMED. 46 AND 48 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE ANGLO AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), LTD. 729 PRINCES ROAD, CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FREE. MANAGING DIRECTOR : DR. LA GRANGE, M.D D.D.S., U.S. A. Telephone 223, Tosteth.

DO YOU NEED :A WHOLESOME DRINK. SAFE, SIMPLE, GOOD, CHEAP. TRY WILLS' HYGEIA SALT A MILD APERIENT. BETTER THAN BITTERS FOR STIMULATING THE APPETITE, CURES HEADACHES. RELIEVES INDIGESTION, GIVES IMMEDILTE RELIEF, MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER WHILST YOU DRINK IT. Much superior to many expensive Salinas sold at more than double the price 1 BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (SOLE LOCAL AGENTS). LTD. SIXPENNY SIZE SD. SHILLING SIZE siD. 35, BRIDGE-ST., AND MARK ET GATE, WARRINGTON. A 7.80 AT RUNCORN, Wit NES, ST. HELENS, LIVERPOOL, ETC., Exc.

MSR. W. H. PAYTON, NI US. I AC., V (CT. (Organist and Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church) RECHIVBS PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, and THEORY of MUSIC etc., at own or pupil's residence. Pupils prepared for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 68, LEGH•EITRRET. Warrington.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CfELORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis covered. CHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. OIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever Oroup Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in Cholera end Dysentery. CEILORODYNS effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO.. Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne moor practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude r Jt obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses . this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it eaves no unpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CA.IITION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE Was, en loubtedly, the inventor c OHLORODYNE " ana that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which tie regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Tinges, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. Id, 25. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

SKELTON'S LIMITED, ENORMOUS STOL.h. OF PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ARCHITECT AND SURVEYOR. MR. C. R. BURTON BEGS to INFORM his FRIENDS lard the PUBLIC, that after being fifteen years PRINCIPAL ASSISTANT to the LATE JOHN EDWARD WRIGHT. Esq.. ARCIIITECT, HAS COMMENCED BUSINESS IN MILL STREET CHANERERS. WARRINGTON. and will be pleased to execute any Commission entrusted to him in an efficient manner and at reasonable charges. September Bth, 1930.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. THE WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY PRODUCE ' "LIBERTY HALL" (AN ORIGINAL MODERN PLAY, IN FJUR ACTS, BY R. C. CARTON), AT THE ROYAL COURT THBAlittg, WARRINGTON, DURING THE WEEK COMIENCING DECEMBER ara NEXT. ARTHUR BROWNE, Hon. See. and Treas.

HALLIWELL, DON'T FORGET ALBERT'S. IN ThE MARKET. OPEN EVER DAY FOR GOOD BOOTS AND SHOES.

AT OUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS I._ TEA AND COFFalil SETS Re-plated with pure Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TM Villa first-ernes quality. j• AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO, SILVER, NICKEL AND GOLD PLATER 12 IVIOUNT-PLEASANI!, LIVERPOOL. JEWELS, BROOCHES. LOCKETS, RE-CtILT, from 6d.

EXPIRATION OF LEASH. LEECH BROS. & Co., IRONMONGERS, &C., 20, & 22, OLD MILLOATE, IANCIIESTER. • After over 30 YEARS' trading, are uove SELLING OFF. GEN (RASE CASH J3Alter AIN S. LONG DISCOUNTS Clocks and Bronzes 25 p.c. Gas Fittings Marble Mantelpieces Orates, Ranges, 'Tiled Hearths lO pg Furnisbing Ironmongery lO „ Carden beats t Horticultural Implements Every descripticn of BUILDERS' AND FURNIE HING IRONMONGERY AT GREA'I: SACRIFICE. LEECH BRos. & CO., 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

THE SAFEST MEDICINE FOR BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WWI,: SPA.SMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, Log APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, LASSLTUDE, DYSPEPSIA, RE-01' BURN, LOWNESS OF LPIRI7S, GIDDINESS, &O. AS A GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT mu:liana DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLED, being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtainef: are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain iii their curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vig°l:, to the different secretions, causing the necessary organ.., ;- the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, P•2l restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, Strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medl6lll instead,butinsiEt uponlhaving the right thing,which is wraPP`'" in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stampa• rir TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Rcenoouwaneitsf,or TOWLE CHLORODYNE Consumption, / BRONCHITIS,. rOWLE'S k..) El LOR OD YN E Asthma, INF LUENZAt TOWLE'S XJHLORODYNE Spasms. lAREEICEA. D TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE doses for ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

FREEBORN'S CORAZZA. SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOR FITTING; ONCE TRIOI2' ALWAYS WORN. FINE LINEN FRONT., BANDS AND WRISTS. AND THE NEEDI4I4' WORE IS OF THE HIGHEST CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 3s. 6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d., 15s Gd• FREEBORN'S VATATSR - REPELLENT OVERCOATS, 255., 355., 455. FREEBORN'S MACINTOSH COATS. 15s. 6d., 275. 6d., 425. H. R. FREEBORN, 11, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

ebe " (Lyaminer " Olt LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY' NEW-qp APERS Comprises THE Warrington and MI '-Cheshire Examinerepub lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. - T„" HE St. Helens Examiner, published every Fri' afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published eve-'tv I. day morning, and VidaY, THE Widnes Examiner, published every --1 morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Amer, One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned .-- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINE/33* WANTEDS. TO BR LISTS 18 WORDS 6D., ON SALES. } And 3d fur each succeeding Word .eREPAID AI) One Three SI% Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ~. 18. 3d. 2s. Ott. 27 Os. 9d. is. 10d. ds. Ott. 36 is. Od. 2s. 6d. 4s. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id ss. u"' 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Ott.

Cl OEALSKIN COATS. STERLING VALUE. PRICET; FROM 10 GUINEAS UPWARDS CHARMING MODELS IN CARACUL, MINK AND PERSIAN COATIS AND CAPES. A VAST COLLECTION OF CHOICE AND RELIABLE FURS ON VIEW AT THE MANUFACTURERS WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO., THE QUEEN'S FURRIERS, 56, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPitONE 0134.

,:,,, • ".••• -- . a .;•• ' ii:4l .., ' : ji% F ~,,, .... , ' * :-'t ' ''';,,, : • :7,•"': Ait i-, 4:ir1,,...:,..?: '4% ..,• :' -, • '''''' kvt, ~,.. r*iiiAt il : :I fi'..el ii--- , , ,i, ii.f.A., . iorsci , re:ft7 -'..:. 01,1‘ •'-' • at= k,ATALO , - , ,:...,..,_ , :".,......, ,1 '. .it.f..1./KA'•::"%ltv , ..- - The Rugby King Ball .. O. 6d. Pick-me-op King Ball Three quarter . is. 61. F. 11.5. Rugby Match ...._..., 53, Rugby Jerseys Boys 83. 31. Men's 113. to 603. Dozen The Featherweight Boot, 73. 11d. 104. 61. , ."3 1 cty , C.• 1,...4 _ , ...... \

FOOTBALLS YOOTBALLS Association Rugby or Buttonholes. 441.174 7---: 1:7, . Ass elation. 17671,+,,. ' ' - -e' ir " SocV " 4s 23 C hallenge ...5/3 "-- 'a' 4 . Record ss 03 League 6s 9A , 64, ~,„••••,d:: Champion 6/9 Empire, .. 7A cirl '' .c": 1-- Vr7- -••••:. Leagua --Ss 93 Df,soatch. .-'-, "1 , •t,';o7 : -,'•`,14,":•',;',,...- umpire 7s 9 s City 9, Scl -^,.., ',At,: • ,1.,,,-,,46•- ,T,',•2•• ;,. t,„ ~ oil hanger 96 33 Premier... 103 33 International 10/6 All Poit-free. With Free Gift.

SHIRTS, BOOIS. KNICKERS, ktl UtUckt BAGS. &c. Boot Studs, post-free, 6d. per dozen. AU Articies for Football, Hockey. Boxing Fencing, Gymnasia. and all Out and Indoor Games at Lowest Prices. Send tor Illustrated List. It will repay you. TYLDESLEY AND HOLBROOK PRACTICAL SPORTS OUTFITTERS. 63, Bridge-street (5 doors from Deansgate). Manchester.

- S OFT:FAIR'SKIN:, Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur• ed to those Ladies who use Rowland's , KAL iiR , which removes Redness, Roughness, and all cut- aneous defects and produces a lovely delicate complexion. Sizes 2s. 3d. & 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, Chemists, & A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, London.

HOOFING COUGH cure without in terna medicines. I_IOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING- COUGH 48. per bo ttl e. Sole Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARD 3 & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

et.YCLES ! CYCLES ! " ROYAL AJAX ' are fineat value. Carriage paid. 30 \ per cent. cheaper than rge: where. Immens€ Stock, New , and Second-hand. EASY TERMS FROM 10s, 6IONTHLY. OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED, 1900 ILLUSIRATED LISTS POST FREE. ' LARGE CYCLE RIDINGSCHOOL. THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING Co 45, EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. CITY BRANCH: 23, MA.NCHESTER-SIREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113, Anfield.

B. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Nide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, Gi THE 6TLYST THE 1: LYST." Leading Machines in Lancashire. GEORGE LLOYD AND CO 25, PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL., All machines built on the Premises. Celebtated P.S.A. fittings. Palmer and Dunlop tyre. joint less hollow rims,Appleby's chains.htlf inch and inch pitch highly enamelled and brilliantly plated. Superior finish and guaranteed for twelve months. £9 10s, All kinds of Cycles repaired at the shortest notice. Outer covers and inner tubes (new) 17s 6d. GEAR CASES NEW, FROM 3s 3d. Accessories of all kinds kept in stock. Deal direct with us and save 5) per cent, wholesale and retail.

PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF FASHIONS FOR WINTER. GEORGE HENRY LEE & Ca, LiD BASNEIT STREET, LIVERPOOL, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THEIR PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF WIN rER FASHIONS WHEN THEY WILL SHow A. BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF THE LATEST PARIS AND CONTINENTAL MODELS IN LADIES' COSTUMES, TAILOR-MADE DRESSES, CHOICE MILLINERY, BONNETS AND HATS. NEW DESIGNS IN LADIES' MANTLES, CAPES AND JACKETS, RICH FURS AND SEILSKIN JACKETS. NEW SILKS, NEW DRESS MATERIALS, .te. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LTD BASNET -S REET, LIVERPOOL.

IZURS.—NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY 120, PORTLAND-STREET, Manchester (Oxford-street end, late o Lever-street). FURS. FASHIONABLE FURS, in Fit and Finish. URS, Middle Profits Saved. SEALSKIN JACKETS, CIRCULARS IN SEAL, SABLE, MINK, & OTHER FURS. EOKLETS, TIES, TRIMMINGS, MUFFS, &c. Sin 'e Articles Wholesale Price. Also Alterations—Re- fa. nioning of Sealskin Garments and all Other Furs. Repairs. Re-dyeing. Cleaning, &c.

SPECIAL-THIS WEER. FORFEITED PLEDGES FOR SALX• Good Cases of DRAWING or MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS, 3s 9d, 5s 6d. and 12s 6d. Capital PARROt CAGE, only 3s 3d. Good Pair of THEATRE ULASsISS, price 3s. Powerful FIELD GLASSES, a bargain, 8s 6d. 25u BOYS' OVSROOATS, from is 9d upwards. 1,000 MEN'S OVEBOoATS. from 3s upwards. AND CABMEN'S OVERCOATS. WHITE BLANKETS from is 6d upwards. COUNTERPANES from ls upwards. SHEETS in Variety. AT HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL 111ERUHANTs, 116 TO 120, BRO WNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL: TELEPHONE 5,171. Forfeited, and for Sale a large Quantity of KNIVBS FORKS, and SPOONS, some in cases.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:— To I By I Callers. I Postmen, England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland. 7-0 a.m.! and Foreign 7-0 tt.n2. London and the South 1,1 Frodsham. Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire Yorksbire, Durham, Northam- beriand, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead,' 11 11-30 a.m. Southport Pres'!ot. Wigan, Orme- tll-4h ; kir"( Earlestma n London. Foreign, and the South C,:unties It South Wales l2-0 Preston, Nordi Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and 12.15 p. Chester . Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.-,! 2-15 , Eastern, and Midland Counties ! Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches-1 3-15 ter. Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston. Wigan, Man-1 chester, Bolton. & Chester ...... ' 5-30 p.m. , London and Foreign. South. 5-i Eastern, Midland, Northern 6, eastern Counth r, . Lancashire ; " ' 6-5 a m Croft. Pa,dgate. W Jalston, Stockton ! 4 Heath and Stretton B-30 ~1} London & Foreign, South, and East An Counties ; 9-15 „ VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair Is turning grey orwhite or falling off use 'he MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, urey or white hair to its original colour. It :makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6-d per bottle. Ada* FLORILINE I—FOB TUE TEETS AND BREA.TH.-11101•03thly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, previ....ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 7.11. 6d. for the liquid, or ls. per jar tor the riorilim "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— ..tidy CLARKE'S B 41 PiLLq are warranted to cure. in Oh sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in thr back. Free from Mercury Established upwards of 31 years. In boxes 4s. 6d act), of all Chendsts and Patent Mediciao VendorA h o ugh lit the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers incoln and Midland Counties Drug OomPAlly• Wile°ln• Advt.

• ' , ',. •-•- - ..- . _.,-...1, .*:1`.•....;',.'',...,:.;:f.::..,-.1,.,':.;,-::::',.4, ( . „.. .' . . , , • • „ ' , . , . ~ . ' . • STARCH, . , , . _ ~,, ; , ..,:::-:., .., v;.. . -.. . " ~4 ..,:—.),,,--.4% ••=,--te, 'rt•'',•:4%-:.•.'',.- •0••'•••,::".,;• `' • '-', ' •• ' . . ' ,::.• •• 1,7 .. ~ ',:. • ....,,,'.,: ,721,•'''.::.1.!--i- ''''"'•,,,,'..i'•; a'. . ' ' PA Fir. .' : 2H/4. . 41/I ...: .! .1• 7 : AgIA FP, :: :. • . • •. . r . !AA( . . , 6. . ,A 0 . .. . ...., . , . ... ...PARIS ... •....... .1 . ' , ... ......., . .. • . ~. • • . . • . , . , ~, ~. .......) , • • ... •, , ~. . .. %-• • • • • • .• •• , I j.. . .. •• • • • ' . . I • j • , , BEST • KNOWN ,&., BEST, -,,,ACCEPT NO;:.::'StISSTITUTE ...,.', -. ' - - • :., ' BRITISH • . -2-M AN.O FACT URE-..'-.--*: ''.: ' ::-.^-'--:':•.s---- -',- ''''-, .. ~ , - ~ ~ ~ , . .- , . , -:.- • ~, •• - . ~.:, ~.t.,...,--, ~.,,,,, ,• -1 ..--,: `,--7....- .. '..-- ---- -.-..;' •,.': .-2-• --, :,- -'-'

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such a:: COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. oc,KLE3B FREE ROM MERCURY ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Brc

RUNCORN FIRST TEAM. --- FIXTURES AND SC()RES. 1900. Pte. Sept.. For Apt 1 Barr, w 8 Swinton sway 0 17 15 Broughton Rangers home 6 0 22 St Helens 29 Millom away 5 0 Oct. 6 Oldham home 6 2 13 Widnes 20 1 orks v Cheshire Yorkshire 0 40 27 Warriugtoa home 10 8 Nov. 3 Sto3knort awly 5 1 10 Cheshire v Oumberland, Cheshir,i 17 Wigan home 24 Baltord away Dec. 1. Barrow away 8 Cheshire v Lancashire Cheshire 15 Stockport home 9.2 Wigan away 26 Warrington away 29 Leigh home 1931. Jan. 5 Rochdale Hornets away 12 Millorn home 19 Leigh away 26 Salford Feb. 2 Swinton home 9 Broughton Rangers away 16 St. Helens borne 23 Oldha n away Mar, 2 Cun tie 9 Cup tie 23 Cup tie 30 cup tie pl. 5 (Good Friday). 6 Widnes Roch,iale Home's home 13 - erni-tinal cu..) tie ... 22 Final cup tie ..

MERRYWEATH ER ON Water Sapplp to Countrp mansions, hotels, and public Buildings, 4c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH. LONDON. S.E.

&Ts a wonderful waterproofer for Dales 7 BOOTS & HAIINENIS. Sof- tens and preserves the leather 11.-asant odour, allows polish. ing with bkeking. GOLD MEDAL 22 hXHIBITION HIGHBST AWARDS. Dubbin Tins 2d.. 6.1., Li- 60 2/6 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironm,,wors 6.-. c. Manufactory Dulwich, London.

HAVE YOU A .BAD LEG surroundedTflhi woun dowlthha n a dischargem m aton end dotherwise. hat 1 Pe:llP von press your anger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression? If so, under the skin yon have poison that d-tles all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, thn joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have rttended various hospitals Fuld had medical advice, an oeen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation ; but do not. for I OM( CLINIC TOIL I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for as. 6d. to C. W. ALBRRT, 73, FIRRINGDON-EITRENT, LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILJA which Is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs honse maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carouncles, Pols lei Hand P unions. Registered Copy; Ight.)

IWOW Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. AAAAAAAAAAOO~AOO~7A9AA

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND RENAL PILLS: re justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Buck gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheum ,tism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone in the Madder, Discharges., and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs genere'ly. Many complaints. supposed to be nyrrous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. I:very pa,kage bears the Government stamp, wi.h the words, "WALTER D. ROO4. LONDON." thereon, by order or her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price Is. lfd and 23. 91. at all Medicine Nooses, or pcst (re., from Proprieti .3 Holford House, Holford-squsre, Loudon, WA].

Made in Switzerland. No pins et , projections to time sheets. Sweetest in tone and best in quality. A speci- 4, ality. British made cases. STELLA-MUSICAL BOX To be had of jewellers and music- sellers. Bole wholesale agent for Great Britain, Alfred Geater, 105 St. . John Street Road, E.C. late A. P4ll. • _ lard, 28 Berner Street, iondotl. W. 1

A '' .'. ,7 ~F:4 :iv :;',.'i ..-A V, ' 14 '..7•4' '''-k., H -- .-4 -4 •,4 -.01, : . ....,,.4z-it ..,--, -...,:<, .., :.,... ..... ..,„ -.: ~._, " IP ' ..1 '..., til mas -;:, - : ',. ro:%-;74 a, sf• 'I - CURES BRONCHITIS 3STI-110711, INFLUENZA, •CO-agi)C Golds Throat, . r741,11c1k , Sore 4.,,R.0-111-) v 4 Ly e " CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, 403. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff 41.11coimas, Spradras, Mvaitnas, Scalcls, azt_a ~. EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. 1. : danufactured only at 78, Now Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine 'Vendor.'

FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING, and all SPORTING REQUISITES may be obtained of ,„..., . RASA.= Wm 0Gr.4616. . .•!;:.** ~..Sg... ._.,,,;.)ii*, . ~,,.:.,wM The Cheapest, Best, and Most Liberal House in the Trade. LTD. THE "REFEREE" SHIN CUARDS. THE " HOLBORN " 1 0/6 ..-rw.,„— 10/6 iAllguards strapped across.) 613 t'.tit :...._ .„4„.,.... ;.,,,,_„.,,,.c ......... ~,,,• (4.71,,1. •,:sikiaL+, ttt. , AL; •`" -.;--,. -4r,V: . . ' '1,:0474&_,..j. f Also _,..„.._,',H"..rirtrintr'-'• _ Also , ,1,. Also Ktuzla ft.t,i-. Also ~ , 1 . ' -4 :11 v•Luti IA IT Rugby ~,,,- , : _ _.,' 1 - , Rugby 1 fins..l'',., I' if Rugby :-. .-. . = Rugby 14TCH , .7 - 7,4rcwiN•l . cp -. .:•g--''‘ . _ _....:::....,:,' ..11r7graetir"2 1.. _ - .IV't's ' -.. ' , • • - . \ • No. • ' . 1.. Strong linen canvas. cane- A strong serviceable ball, stout cow-bide Perfect in shape. Welted seams. protected, with continuous hand-sewn case!, complete with best rubber , Waterproof. straps and buckles ...90. No 3 size bladder. 2. Leather ... ... ... 1/- Every section stretched and a Leather, lined chamois ... 1/6 - . ... ... 4/6 i No.s(match size) 6 3 hammered. 4. Tan Cape, lined chamois 2)3 „ 4 „ ... ... 5,111 „ 6 size ... ... 7,3 0 Shin and Ankle Guards from 31- Postage 4d. in each case. 0 Price 10/6 post free. Po3tage Id. For other qualities see list. SPECIAL FOOTBALL BOOTS. COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) 0 4. '2. HOCKEY STICKS. 8 The , . . . 0 4._. Regulation Ash. plain _ -:-.11111 "GAMKICK" Easy, Pliable. . ~ . , .., .. .. ..... 'O. handle, suitable for El 2 ' ''. : . • ,', ,;: -'. , ...; 1 tk, ~ ";. 4 ladies & youths, 2;3 0 , . ..„ ,_ . ~. , . _.. , „. . .. . .., , . . lIIIIrS Ensures a ,1 ',.., • -...:. -.%. :,, i..,.1:,.' :" ~' ; .\,,, . ' 'OO, Itta=ltindikesha.„ 0 Oil firm grip and , __ . _....... ._ ,_ __ ~„. . „ \ qt. weights, 3/- 0 , •,,, whet kicking.. - - t Brown ''k.--IC,-.4-,"_-_, •-•;:-.---,,,: - ArAtatiollt....,...o.W.''''' Russet Calf. Strong Hemp,' s'teain wired, ;o'ml 'pegs . ...... ' 'WV': . ~ , Men's, 8/11 Ditto, with iron pegs and steel rope ... ... 3151- ‘,,_ Youths',7lll Very stout Hemp cord. steam tarred, with ,t, Best quality . . IP qI . C'e Best Ash,all . CIP'. cane handle, \ V 64.)k+, tolotrdeer. Ditto. with irou pegs at;Cl steel rope ... ... 48- bound and '(.., 8 8 , 6 ‘ - -'-*-- dik -a. Scotch Chrome, guaranteed '4111.1%1:7"...41,.161'k\----727- - waterm'°f., Special cheap line, with ash pegs and strong ~ polished, ual •• FOOTBALL SUNDRIES. Price, Men's, Se, Leather Ear Guards, 1110. Cape, 2/8. Postage Id. hiegib market,all weights. 416 4. •• Do., with cork grip ... ... ... 6 6 ~ • 10/0. 1218, Football Goals, train 121- per set. Carriage extra. Do., cane and rubber handle. 511 The" UNIVERSAL," Boundary Sticks, with flags, 121- per doz. Carriage The Carnage. champion" 'l3 Men's, 5111; Boys', 4/11 extra. eavli. (1.7. The "FORWARDS," extra light, Football Flags (any colour), 433 & 6/6 doz. Post. 3d. ... 4,1. ... 39 Chrome, 8/11 Brass I altators, from bid. Postage ad. and 6d. ... sd. ... 4 6 Strong Web Football Belts, with double straps and ;tout) ... 71- Postage, below 10/-,6d. extra. buckles, 100. Postage on single stick, ad. FOOTBALL .......... JERSEYS '7l. 'Z'Fi•ji. I :.,,,,,„.....,,,,...r• 0 Plait. fiesatiot. Q 8 our 3, AV:10V! - , ..• 1 in. or 2 in. stripes. , Chest St 2t; 2., at, ;; 31 36 21- 2,2 2/4 233 as zio 3- 23 213 219 3,- 83 316 319 Stout Thrrid P tug by Jerseys. with linen collars. White, 316; Black or Navy, 3111 Other deroigns quoted f. 'r. ri !c1). ,

g 1 8 0 S 0 I 0 8 'TL §I FOOTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS. FOOTBALL KNICKERS. • All colours and fs '' , combinationof (Wide legs.) • ' ' Men's, '4laLtailltialinMar.,„, ' •, .I; ''' N 1 Strongwßuckskin. )1 Boys' 3d. less. N• N • N , ~ •NAN.I. hit e, 1110 Special designs • - WWll:tee Lambsk in, • quoted for. ~ ',' . . Flannelette— N Naysyeißgl:.i.eisit4r2; •• '. . Plain colours. ' ',N. ::',.. • II1/11. 216 k\N‘tr: ..\\‘ ' 1/10, 2/11, 3/11 • • .2-,•. 4.1".' Halvesrevers'd , .;. 0,, 2/-,2i91 •\, .• ,N All Wool, extra • • • J 2& 4 in. stri pes,s •,N • ~ : onalit3", Sanitary ' Waistbands, 5111 • • Best All Wool. plain colours or halves , 'N. , White Flannel,3/11 reversed, 5;9. 7" s Extra strong, bill • Postage on single shirt. 3,1. 1 Postage 3d. pair, 2 pairs 4d. • • Orders ow • • r„, Ud 00000000000

AT :4.:31-;CURED FTOT th first lima at Dwarfs's fits ems.. It hae, eared PETt%f A NENTLY the .sty worst eases of Epilepsy when...very other remedy bad failed. Pries 4s. ed. and Post Free. Thousands of Testimonial& Send for a Free &nark Betile,and tea it. Write to—i Department X. W. MICXXCOX.X., Pharmaceutical Chemist, 25. High Street( Belfast. I

SY M I N GTO EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. GUARANTEED PURE. 10e

WATCH A CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK - - • • (111-11) ; Boys and Ctrls can get s NTCEEL. ' PLATED WATCH. aim, a CIIIN lad • CHARM for soiling. li ,lozan ple•kigem of Iflji.FlNt. at Filnr:ll:2:cne, enarn.. . • of eoin y, by retn n mall. and we will forward the !intro% ' post yuld, and a large premiumlist. m mon .y kroquired. BLUINE C. 'Department Fl) 241, Gipsy Road. West Norwood. London. LB. - - _ WILLIAM BA.YLIFF) Billiard Table Maker. AIL OC"..7,2r=a_ , ' 77-.177,1. , -et •• • Tab:ee Re-Cushione Re-Clothed. an 4 Bet. Cues, Bli:s. ips, &e., in stock. Vs Ttio es in sto,:k ,u 4 v- -9)

FOR F 1 RST-CLASS pRivAT D:E:ti TIST R",Y TEETH. appointmente minecessary,lbut may be arranged. ,FEETH. Al! consultations ree. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the Mt' weer required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mogerste charges. TEETH. An 144. D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-Inlcss 132intrrlItornouass hitherto by the TEETEL Illakcr to Dentists o 13,000 gallons w Exors. of ate J. H. PA PKINSON (DEITTisT 73T Llicax MOSLEY-STII3 (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.p. EARLE5TJWN...............7, BRIDGE-BTO° TUI4,BDAY. 2 p.m. WA RRINGTON SA.NKUy-BTRE° WEDNESDIY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN ....... BRIDGX-STROr THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH 18, APPIAMARIViT-ST3 FRIDAY, 11 tc. 12 nd 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. c r CocitcßorT—Ronmsow October 27th, at the Parisi) gicll4- War,ington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Charles reit. Cockcroft to Ruth Robinson. via LEATHER—COOPER—October 28th, at the Paris. Warrington. by by the Rev. Canon Willis, Jo!'° Leather to Martha Alice Cooper. LEE—GRAIILM —October 29th. at the Parish Cbec"r.' ee tg ringt on, by the rt.,v. A. F. White, Sarnuel Elizabeth Hall Graham DEATHS. 01 MUIR. —On October 30th, 1900, at 184, Wilderspo°, J. • way, aged 35 years, Edith, the beloved wife 0' Mum No cads. logo, Mmincsur —October 26th. at Fennell-street. Warr gill. Wright Muskett, aged 67 years. Aso MAJ.—October 26th, at West-street, Warrington' - aged 72 years. foe°. Ivor TAYLOR—October 27th, at Upper James-street, Mary Taylor, aged 37 years. agri THOMAS—October 29th. at Bostock-street. Elizabeth Thomas. aged 51 ,tears.

FRIARS' GREEN, Warrington OpL isite Arplel ° 5° Also at MANCHRSTBR-ROAD, (late lisseubig— S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. neo Makers of all kinds of Chimney Piec a,nnw es, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts Headstones in Marble, and Stone. Designs and !estimates Free. ExisTlN° LETTBR CUTTING, AND CLRANING MONUMBNTS A sPRCIALIT----- arrington.—Prin fed and Published by JOOl Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Dowse a 17!,,, street, and pnblisheci by them at tte Immo Ono . also at the The Etaminer 0 MC-35, Victoria-road.WrD'T t 4, George.street ST. HELENS and 3. Maraet-S.P.r.li BARLESTOWN,IOtheCoupty of Lancaster andalso t " treet. RUNCORN, in the County of Cheste:.—lfovotabirn 1900
