===== 0002601_19000112_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
- - - TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hope Iv: strict attention to BUSI- EMS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage

COUNTY OF CHESTER. WEIGHT AND MEASURES ACT. BYE-LAWS REGULATING THE SALE OF COAL.

NTOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN, that the following BYE-LAWS regulating toe Sale of Coal withi. the Dietrict under tee jurisdiction of the County Council of the County of Chestec were adopted at a Quarterly Meeting of the said Council, held at Chester Castle, on Friday, the 10th day et NOVENIBER,IB99, and approved by the Board of Trade on the 28th cay of December 1899, and therefore now in operation, viz :- I.—Every person upon whose behalf Coal, in quantities not exceeding two hundred-weight, is hawked, sold or exposed. for sale by retail, shall cause his name and place of hilliness to be registered at the Head Office of the Weights and Measures Department of the County Council at Chester Castle, and on each and every occasien on which he shall, change his registered place of business he shall, within four- teen days thereafter, cause to be communicated to the said office particulars of such change. 2.—Every person whe hall sell or offer for sale or de- liver to a purchaser or shall cause to be sold sir offered for sale or delivered to a purchaser, from any vehicle, hose, or ether beast of burden, Coal in quantities not exceeding two hundred-weight shall carry, or cause to be carried, such Coal in sacks, bags or other receptacles containing either two hundred-weight, one hundred-weig ht, half a hundred-weight, or a quarter of a hundred- weight ; and the top of every such sack, bag, or otber receptacle, shall 'have permanently fastened to its metal label indicating the correct weight of Coal therein ; and no person shall sell or offer for sale, or deliver to a purchaser. or ellen cause to be sold or offered for sale or delivered to a purchaser, Coal which is of leas weight than that specified on the label attached to such sack, bag, or other receptacle. 3.—Every person who shall sell or offer for sale, or de- liver to a purchaser or shall cause to be sold or offered for sale or delivered to a purchaser, Coal in sacks, bags, or other receptacles, from any vehicle, horse or other beast of bureen, in or on which Coal is carried for sale or delivery to more than one pur- chaser, shall carry or cause to be carried therewith, a correct weighing iratrument of a form approved by the Local Authority, and duly stamped by an Inspector for thi- County, together with the neces- sary correctlweigiats,and the person in charge of such vehicle, horse, or other beast of burden, shall re- weigh the Coal upon being requested to do so by the purchaser, or by anyone on behalf of the purchaser, or by an Inspector of Weights and Measures. 4—Every person who shall sell or offer for sale, or de- liver to a purchaser, or cause to be sold or offered for sale or delivered to a purchaser, from any vehicle, Coal in quantities not exceeding two hundred-weight shall have clearly and leeibly painted upon a conspicuous part of the right band side, or of the front, of such vehicle, in letters not less than one inch in height and of proportionate breadth, the name and place of business of the person on whose behalf such Celle is sold or offered for sale or delivered to a purchaser, and shall keep the same legible and undefeced. s,—Every persen who shall sell, or cause to be sold, at any waarf, yard, or othar place, Coal in quantities not exceeding two huedred-weight, shall sell, or cause to be sold, such Coal in quantities of either two hundred-weight, one hundred-weight, half a hundred-weight, or a varter of a hundred-weight, and shall weigh, or cause to be weighed, such coal by means of a correct weighing instrument duly verified and stamped by an Inspector ot Weights and Measures for this County, and if required, shall re-weigh, or came to be re-weighed, the same in the presence of the purchaser, or of any one on behalf of the purchaser, or of an Inspector of Weights and Measures . 6.—Every person who shall s,ll or deliver to a purchaser, or shall cause to be sold or delivered to a purchaser, Coal frcua a vehicle, shill carry such Coal for the purpose of being weighed or re-weighed any die. tar ce not exceeding half a mile, as may he required by an Inspector of Weights and Measures. 7.—The penalty of every breach, contravention, or non- ebaerae ot any one or any part of any one of the foregoioe Bye-laws shill be any sum not exceeding five pounds. - B,—From and after the date of the confirmation of these Rye-laws the Bye-laws which were made by the County Council on the sth day of February, 1891, and confirmed by the Board of Trade on the 24th day of April, 1891, shall be repealed. The County Council aim) at its Meeting on the said nth day (2t November, 1859, pursuant to section 22 (I.) of the Weights and Meaeures Act, 1889, approved of the following mannerof marktng th. tare weight of a vehicle coaveying for delivery on S4e any quantity of Coal ex- ceeding two hundred-ewe:2kt, v.z The tare weight shall he properly and legibly marked and fastened upon the right hand side of the vehicle by means of a metal plate or plates, etch figure to be painted white urou a dark ground or black upon a white ground, and to be not less than one inch deep.

REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to thff Cherhire County Council. Chaster, 10th January, 1900.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ewsey- also at leorge- VN, iIL NCOME

===== 0002601_19000112_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
W

No 1083.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a mott extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,--To be careful that wnat they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession f the ORIGINII. RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agents," W. RDWIRDS & SoN 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paula London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each by mos nhenlist.

J. & NIT• DUTTON,

16, 18, & 20, S -ANKEY ST.,

WARRINGTON.

GREAT WINTER SALE

NOW BEING HELD AND WILL BE CON-

TINUED UNTIL END OF JANULRY.

SPECIAL REDUCTIONS

IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

J. & W. DUTTON,

16, 18, & 20, g -ANKEY ST,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

FRIDAY, J.PibTUA.RY 12, 1900.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PETER COTTON.

EOPB AT.cD TWINY MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack-corners, Netting, Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, ,tc., &c.

TENTS and MARQUEES for Sal 9 or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, .tc., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l." lie generally that they are showing in their NNW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS. PILLOW LINENS, , , TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- -1 . KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHIL DRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOINE, BELFAST. 105, HoPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREC.T, BIRMINGILAM. HARRTVILIF FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
BY POST{ IS. 734 d. per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum as 9d. per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19000112_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
G. H. K 7 H. n. JACKSON. PAWNBROKERS, 59, 611 631 CHURCH-STREET,

•-.1-2-7. • IN ARRINGTON, PARLOUR Suite, Upholstered iii Red Plush. Ge.fs Lady's Payments taken Easy Chair, four small and Couch, solid hard wood frames, and well 6 made. Our Price 26 S. D.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FOB FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may arranged

TEETH Bach petient intonned TeforetEr d of work required.

All consultations free,

===== 0002601_19000112_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH.

Gold and other fillings at moderate ohargee.

TEETH. An LLD., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by tbe aid of Nitrous Oxide.

TEETH.

Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DurrieT BY Bum.) MANCIIESTER.---....-46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1660),

ST. HELENS ...—..................GE0RGE-STREET MONDAY'. 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN 7, BRIDGE-STREET TUESDAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON —,..........3e, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN,- --..........31. BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICII.... APPLESIARKLT-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12. and 1 to 5.

E. M. ASHURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON (LATE W. H. AND C. LAWLESS). Opposite the Terminus Stockton Heath 'Buses. TEA ROOMS, CONFECTIONERY. MEAT PIES, POTTED SHRIMPS, ICES. COMMENCING AUGUST 2ND, 1899. "A

• WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER }MULISH PATENT LEVER WITCH. capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, kIitAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finist.ed and especially adapted to fit fl a in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI. SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNI OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COSIPETIRON I A Bona- tide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from ECSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED ()LOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF TUB BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDEI6' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICHERSHAW COAL). BRAD OFFICH AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch °ace : Maroon Street, Warrington

===== 0002601_19000112_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TO FARMERS

oROSFIELDS' AGRICULTURAL LIME, now used by most leading Farmers in Cheshire and South Lancashire ; results proving that it is

===== 0002601_19000112_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST AND MOST ECONOMICAL FORM OF LIME

FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSRS.

Depot: Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington, where full particulars and price may be obtained on application. For the convenience of Farmers in Sankey and district a stock is kept at Sankey.—For particulars apply to Hr. T. Halton, Sankey

FREE ON RECEIPT OF POSTAGE STAMP. A Treatise on the latest American Method of dlspen- lug with Plates and all Mechanical Applianees in persons wearing Artificial Teeth, so that the mouth and palate shall be perfectly :re from all obstruc- tions. Address—SECRETARY, Du. LA GRANGE, 72, PRINCES ROAD, LIVERPOOL. G-

===== 0002601_19000112_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
EDDES DANDELION COFFEE

- The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public:l. B.ld by all erocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Virholesa:e by L GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON

THE EMBROCANION

OF THE AGE!

CURES SP RAINS.

CURES BRUISES.

CURES STIFF JOINTS.

TESTIMONIA L.

SHEFFIELD UNITED

CRICKET & FOOTBALL CLUB.

'Winners of the Bogligh Cup. 189 E-9.

Gentlemen,—

it gives me great pleasure to testify to the excellence of your

Embre:ation.

Tours faithfully, 11. H. STONES, Aesiatant Secretary.

13SED BY ALL LEADING CLUBS.

Price la. lfd. per bottle

BOOTS CASH CB EMISTF,

5, BRIDGE-ST., MARKET GATE,

AND 35, BRIDGE-STEBET,

WARRINGTON.

FOR 104-D.

T. CLARKE. " EXAMIS:IO." OFFICE,

331 MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN

STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, , &c. LADIES SATCHELS, PURSES,

and a Good Variety of oth,r Articles useful and ornamental always in Stcelt. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN AND GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

7

j

/

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE, The weather hao. been 60 bad during the past week that Outdoor costumes are nob of the most elaborate ,character. Our attention naturally turns to indoor dresses, and that ever-fresh subject, blouses, receives daily, notice. Evening parties make pretty blouses indispensable, and many thoughts ara directed to the choice of them. Some are in dainty spotted net, white or pale- tinted, and some of them ara showered with steel or silver sequins. Some lovely lace is occasionally introduced. A large flower Luay be worn on one shoulder, the buds drooping towards the waist. Very pretty bodices have a square finish, with a broad band of open work, jetted or jewelled work. The trimming is cenninued down the front of the dress, which is in satin striped with palest green. A wide black. velvet band forms a necklet. The sleeves consist of a network of narrow black velvet, into which a band of the jewelled trimming is fastened, a frill of pleated chiffon 83f toning thr hard line round tho arms.

The hat remaing pretty much the mite. There are many toques about. Recently a toque I saw had the crown in citron cloth, embroidered in jet and shaded si)km, from orange down to the deepest tint of brown in sable, .the brim beiog in the fur, and a wide flat bow of orange velvet armngei just above it in the centre, with a large jet buckle for the centre. Another hat was ia brown velvet, with shaded plume, illnstrating the very wide toque, with upstanding feathere, sometimes rather crazy-looking. Aeoth,..r hat was a theroTply seasonable naodel. The brim was a brown felt one, moderate in dimensions and somewhat cur- tailed at the back a la mode, though not exces- sively so. The crown was of sable, and round it was a folded scarf of eatin merv, shading from a chrysanthemum pink to the red of' the same flowers, fastened up on the left side by a very smut buckle.

;:96G3% ) t. 3 11.41 „... r ....1-„,„*.c, ~.........._ j-. /,, 4:-.4. ' ' ;',,,,;:;;;;;;.• /... / ~, ~,,;„„iy,,, L, ~,,,,t;;/*/ ~;,,, NvA. 4

===== 0002601_19000112_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLIHIM 1833

BRADLEY, PASS AND CO., 68. HANOVER-STREW. TWO DOORS FROM BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKERS, GILDERS, AND HOUSE DECORATORS. ENGRAVINGS, WATER COLORS, OIL PAINTINGS, Ac. GLACIER IMITATIONS OF STAINED GLASS.

GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S

GRATTON'S

GRATTON S

of RATTON'S

GRATTON'S

GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S I GR AZTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S GRATTON'S i-`IRATTON'S (k. 31

GRATTON'S G RATTON'S GRATTON'S GRAT TON'S

===== 0002601_19000112_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000112_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
,47

Now there is one point I want to be geneially )loserved. it is that blouses must be of such a thickness as to meet all changes of the weather, silk is all inadequate; a blouse in fancy crepon or other woollen fabric; would be better suited. Velveteen is offered as being warmer than silk or surah ; but, though it feels thicker, it is actually oolder than these. Panne is the favourite material for the blouse, and some are made of cloth, strapped and stitched with panne. In all the new blouse bodices there is the slight pouch effect at the waist to which we have row become accustomed, and which locks so smart. The only way to render' these useful for day wear in very cold weather is to have them interlined with flannel or merino ; and, as this adds to the bulk, it would not be a very popular plan. The spotted panne is much liked, and blouses made of it are often strapped with plain panne. The sleeve I saw the other day on one blouse had thirty-six strappings of panne laid on round the arm; The whole of the bodice was strapped longitu&sally, so the amount of work may be dividee,

The cold has given rise to the very comfortable little fashion of 'A e&ring a eille or chiffon tie round the base of the stem collar, end thereby pressing It in closely and protectively round the neck. This Is by no means unneceseary, for the storm collar has a mean way of ',Admitting cold air at the back, which is decidedly reprehensible. The fur boleros that stop some inches above the waist are dangerous garments leaving exposed the base of the lungs. The very long coats are not sensible wear, since they provide vrs.tenth where it is not needed, over a multiplicity of warm eleirt4 and woven under- wear. But they are bril!.:an:.ly practical, as corn. pared with the abbreviieed bolero, cut away in order that thc.tslirmiess of the waist may not be hidden. Infl ienz I. is busy among us, and this bolero is Orie of his an:lye coadjutors. The other afternoon I noticed a very pretty cloth gown, the shade being dark copper colour. The skirt had two wi,ie pleats at the back, and round the base were eleven rows of narrow gold pion. The bodice was plain at the back, and the front opened over a white satin waistcoat covered with Venetian lace and a jabot and collar of copper-coloured satin ribbon with tiny gold galon sewn cn the satin. The sleeves were plaia with lace at the wrists.

Your loving, JENNIII.

Married Ladies. /FREE. Information of Priceless value FREE on receipt of stamped envelope Ind address. TESTIMONIALS DAILY.

MRS. NT, IT AFLEIGI.I,

(Box 0,) 160 KACKIs.RY ROAD, LONDON, N.

c - -)Du ,C ( ..74 F------C ~..„.., (..6';:ra ,e, vio ‘ ~-,, "7//5,43::*-; el 4,,,<,,V.2"-e , ,\-. ,fl <",%,0* sld ;,/",,,:e, „„. 1.- - f,-/- .' '' '."-riWnee%, )6(•:,.••-•K',$, P , '..71) ",-" t' ~.....4,1 '1'27.,144,,fi4/ -..,, ';, - •=7.172;7e,', :4070',/, ,*4,, Arz-- -1, ~./ml;',-. ,Af,";,,i. •:;t 'lff:; '-';';'''4cP4-:')4"°, ,„,/,;,;, J„,,, ,_-,-,.',,,,,,0;, 0,/,gl;j?,- (-41 ;.;, WO! iffi,rlr47, _:‘,11,,, ~.',,,,,.,./,,(.?'0%/7/ 7 4,,,,, ,:.,4;-1,',A1 • - t.:"..0%,,1/ ~ t.'-lf;"- 4-7' \ .IV,'.'"'-- ‘

.., ~, .010 ‘s. •Neo \ („I'l / / 44 —1 c,.,,-,(4-ti,./7 i 0":-.-.7f,,,?x, .„- ki. / Ac,. t. f 7 VS/ ,'//:'0: ' '•r ,' i h., /ag,,, 11" ttill .'1 / V fillil A. i /71),Vii; .' 11111CP7', I /111143 i „1, 'pit 1,. t

===== 0002601_19000112_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
•

cDO CIGAL 1:S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR MAKES THE BEST PASTRY

===== 0002601_19000112_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19000112_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Dr.' sacs for the early Drawing Rooms are in contempla- tion indeed many are already in course of conetruction. S.) far nothing very strikingly new has been allowed to appear either in fabric or style, but the modistes have probably many little surprises for us later on. Despite this dreadful wer, a brilliant season is autieepated. To le.?eir. with, he Princess of Wales e ill once again take her acetustemost place at all Reyal functiecs,the Duchess of York is also expected to appi ar, and an Jain there is nothing to prevent a goodly number of Her Majesey's descendants and connections, bents.; en evidence both in the Throne Room. atai Ball Room, at Buckingham Palace this cement,. season. Miss Sheelith Corms-al:is West, whose efforts for the success of her concert—in aid of the War Fund—have been so untiring, and so tmieently satisfactory, though scarcely so lovely as her sister Princess Beery of Pleas, is an extremely pretty girl. Her clerk hair, dark eyes, and rich colettrine, reproduce much ot the brilliant beauty of her charming mother. Considers be interest wee excited gime -months ago, by the rumour that a merria,ee hag bsen arranged between Miss West and the then Lord B-lgrave, now Duke of Wesrminster, but nothing further has been beard of any such arrangement. The Duke, who c erhes of age this year, is fairly good looking, and poetesses the great advantage of a charm- ing manner. The ciiiputatiens over the question whether the new century begins this year or Deer, have given place to a fresh centrovsray, with reeard to ahnTevilthg the date " 1.900." Soniet advocate 'OO, and seine 19—, and others say neither is a proper abbreviation and that none is p -.ssible. The Post Office, however, have so far settled the question that Linty are using 'OO on their date stamps, and this will no doubt establish the custom. Unfortunately there seems to bo no such cleciAve authority to settle the century question, which hate separated whole families, and life-long friends, be caus- ing embittered arguments and quarrels. It is surprising how little suffiere to make some people lose their tempers and quarrel with all the force of deadly enmity. - There is, far instance an eld-staniling quarrel between two wellsknown regiments in the British Army, which all arorre over the question of the respective merits of the regimental Christmas dinner, many years ago. It eventuellv led to one of the worst Aldershot fights toe record. That was in the old days of the Duke of Cam- bridge, who had the regiments out, and told them he could rot send them to the place he would like to, but he could send them abroad, and away they soon went on three years foreign service. Still, the quest -n has never been settled, and it is saidethat even now the War Office dare net send the to regiments to the same theatre of war, for fear that the old standing feud should break cut again, even in front of the enemy. An American claims to be able to tell a man's charac- ter by the way in which he wears his hat. As a science it seems to have lese to recommend it than other me- diums of fertune telling, such as palmittry,handwritieg, and the soles of one's beets and so on. Still, we are told, that the man who has it pushed back is frank and joviel. Those with hats too small and worn jauntily on one side, belong to the vain and foppish class tt hile the man with a hat too largo and down over his ears, is a philosopher, or at least belongs to the reflective sort. Taere ie perhaps some truth in this, but no more than is known to every ordinary obs ,rver. A much better test of character than shape and style, is whether one's hat fits oe not, and it is just the EMMA with boots and ol her gaimente. The weak and caciilating will often be palmed off with ill-fitttne articles, whereas the strong minded will only have what they wart, and what they consider a suitable fit. At the shops whore "Sales "are in full swing one and I eleven pence three farthines seems to he the price of any garment that is not a coat and skirt—that is a little more expensive. A pair of corsets, a pair of gloves, a toque. a eair of shoes, a blouse, etc, etc., all these are en evidence at the old familiar one and eleverspence three larthings. Personally " Sales "are an investment I seldom dabble in. There is too much risk about it. When all the brilliant tickets bills, and rnasses of divers articles have uisappeared, the windows have been polished up and duly set out with new season's goods, then I sally forth, and if one gets less for one's money as regards quantity it is more than probable that one gains as re- gards quality and style. What is the use for example, of a costume which clearly bears the stamp of 1899, however extensively marked "down "? What is the use of gloves already soiled, and that don't fit ; of corsets that break, while being "tried on"; of shoes that burst after one or two days wear; of a blouse impossible in fit and style, of headgear crushed, and already out of date, of coats and skirts bearing plainly the hall mark"made in Germany?" ' There are occasional bareains to be had undoubtedly, but taking into consideration the time and strength necessary to secure them, they always seem to me dear at the price. Gloves are of the palest possible tints such as mastic putty. biscuit, etc., and suede are considered smarter than kid. Four buttons are the correct length for all day purposes, while for evening it hovers between this, and shoulder length. Transparent lace sleeves are fre• quently carried over the hand mitten fashiotaand gloves cli‘pensed with alicesether, except for dancing, and this fashion will doubtless recommend itself to the impecuni- ous to wham the long glove is a serious item. Mud, everywhere mud ! Lately the three things one has needed most are—the patience of Jobea stout clothes brush, and a spacious garden. It is of iso use attempt- ing to hush a walking skirt that has done duty on such days as we have lately experienced with a weak bristled brush, or within the compass of four walls, neither one's temper or the family abode would be improved thereby. Waterproof coats have been well to the fore, and de- lightfully faseinatine many of them are. The best, are the " Cravenette " These are rain proof, at the same time porous and perfectly ventilated. We seem, as a nation to consume a good deal of tea, the total for last year being 245 million• pounds, or an increase of ten million pounds on the year befcre. In adlition to the normal increase of population, we have the fact that last year was a particularly prospereus one for the country,and no doubt a Rood deal of the increase is due to that circumstance. If may be that another factor in the eine is the wastefulneFs of many pecple who make tea, the idea which possess not a few houne- wives being that the way to make good tea, is to make it as strong as possible.

" MADGE."

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in eith sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from Us Urinary Crow, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury . Estaliished upwards of years. In boxes 4s. Ed each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th ough but the world, or ant tor sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and ldland Counties Dr ng Compari7. Lincoln. Advt

WARRINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
POINT

Foil .s.GsT Sept. 2—St Helens a 9—Leigh h 8......10 16—Stockport 11 l5 0 23—Rochdale Hornets a 30—Widnes h e 5 7—Wigan a 14-51illorn h 21—Salford a

Oct.

ii-C-lIMBERLA- ND V LANCASHIRE a __ _

28—Tyldesley h Nov. 4—Stockport a 4—LANCASSIHE V YORKSHIM,; a 11—Broughton Rangers h 18—Oldham a 3 14 __ _

25- Birkenhead Wanderers h ' 25 0 Dec. 2—L •igh a Z.-LANCASHIRE V CHESHIRE h L 6 ...0 0 9—aiorecambe, a 23 3 16—Wigan h 23—zt Helens h 0 11 26—(8 ,xing Day) Runcorn a 30-3winton a Jan. I—Hull h _? 0 _

6 —Tyldeslev a ll 0 13—Swinton h 20— Sadora h 27—liuncona h Feb. 3—Broughton Rangers a 10 Oldham 11

17—Widnes a 24—Rochdale Hornets h

M arm 3-- Mil:om a

1-,—Open 17— Cup Tie 24—Cup lie 31—Cup Tie April —Open

===== 0002601_19000112_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS FAI AG'; Sept 2.-31illom h 20...... 9 —St Helens a 3 0 16.—Runcorn a

23.—Broughton Rangers b. 30.—Warrinton a 5 '1 Oct 7.—Oldham h 14 —Swinton h 2 10 21.—Wigan a 2,. —St Heltns h ov 4.—Lancaster a 3 0

11.-- 1 yldealey a 18.—Mil1om a 0 0 Tyldeeley h Dee 2.—Altrineham h.

9.—Leigh a 8 8 16.—Srat6rd a 23,—Rcehda1e Hornet 3 a 8 8 n.—Sttickport a Jan 1.- Swinton a _

6.—Morecambe ll 3 r 3. —o'dham a 20.—Broughton Rangers a 27.—Wigan h

Feb 3.—Sal7ord h 10.—Rochdale Hornets a

17.—Warrington h 24.—Stock;.ort h Mar 3.—Runcorn h 10.-lAigh h 17.—Cup Ti'

===== 0002601_19000112_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

BOINTS FOR .A.GBT Sept. 2—Warrington h 9—Widnes h 16—Swinton h 23—LaneastPr borne l7 2

30—Broughton Bangers a Oct. 7—Ro3hdale Hornets a 14—Wigan h 21—Stockport h 28—Widnes a Nov. 4—Wlgan a 11 Salford h 18—Tyldesley h Abando,ed 25—Stockport a 2—Tyldesly h Dec. 9 —Oldham h l7 14 23—Warrington a ll 0 25—Broughton Rangers, h 26—Millom h .. _

TO—Fyldesley a Jan. I—Leigh h 6—Swinton a 13—Minom a

20—Itoohd4le Hornets, h Feb. 3 —Leigh a 17—Itumorn, a

24—Runcorn h Mar. 3—Oldham a 10—Salford a 17—Cup tie (first round)

===== 0002601_19000112_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

PoiNTS F,R .A GST Sept: 2—Wigan a 6-Iwinton h 9-13roughton Rangers h 15—Widnes h 5 0 23—Oldham a

25—Tylde51ey a 13...... 2 Oct. 7—Tyldesley h 2l 0 14—Stockport a 0 8 21—Leigh h l6 0 28-oheBhlre v Yorkshire a C 9 3: 8 Nov. 4—Altrincham h 57 2 11—Millom h 9 5

18—Altrincham a l3 0 25—Salford h Dec. 2 - Cheshire v Lancashire a 9—Rochdalo Hornets a 16—Stockport is 23—Milloin a 26—Warrington is 3 0 30—Leigh a O.. ... 0 Jan. I—Broughton Rangers a 6- 13—Rochdale Hornets is .410—Swinton is 27—Warrington a.. Feb. 3—Wigan h 10—Salford a 17—St. Helens h 24—St. Helens a Mar. 3—Widnes a. 10—Oldham h 17—Cup Tie 24—Cup Tie 31—Cup Tie April 7—Cup Tie 14 —Cup Tie 26- 21- 28—Cup Tie

SATURDAY'S MATCHES. Wallington v..swlnton. Oldham v. Widnes. Tyldesley v. Wigan. Stockport v. Leigh. Runcorn v. Roclad le Horn As. Broughton Rangers v. Salford Millen' v. t. Helens.

FREE TO RHEUMATIC AND PARALYTIC SUFFERERS, an Illustrated Book on the complete hem Cure cf these Diseases, preface by F. W. Cole. M.D., who regards the author as the highest authority. Send stamp for book to the VESO INsriTtrrn, 18, Devonshire-street, Man- elyster.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE EXAMINER,

(Copyright.)

NOBLER THAN REVENGE.

A By ESME STUART,

Author of "In the Dark," "Inscrutable," "A Woman of Forty," "Sara's Mother," Scc.

CHAPTER XVIII.

When Alec again returned to the consciousness of his own, identity, the pangs of hunger were diminished; but now, what was much worse, his tongue seemed to be too big for his mouth, his throat was parched, and his lips swollen. To die of thirst is far worse than to die of hunger. In this close, airless closet the horror of dying by inch** was far worse than any sudden death could be. It was the realisation of this that at last made Alec Beauworth struggle to his feet, determined to make one last effort for his life. He had knocked in vain , at the doors, but now he thought that the trap-door , through which he had been precipitated was, after all, the floor of his bedroom. His one chance must be to make himself heard in that direction. Of course, if the Feltons were at Yewdale, they would take care that no sound should reach the ears of the servants; but he knew that they must now have left the house, for Ruby would have to be hurried away as soon as possible to get her out of his way. The very idea of Ruby gave him courage. Oh, to be , free and to take full vengeance for all the wrongs , she had endured! And added to hers would be his own. Surely the law would help him. He would I hunt down James Felton and the squire to the ends I of the earth. He would unmask them, for Sir Harry was unworthy the name of Beauworth. Then came a terrible thought. How could he prove that his fall had been contrived purposely? A man like James Felton is clever enough to evade the law. There was no witness of their interview. "0 God, give me life and give me vengeance!" thought Alec, dumbly sending up this prayer from the depth of his heart. "Vengeance is Mine "—the answer seemed to come to his mind as if the words were spoken in his ear. He staggered to his feet and looked around. He had now got together everything that could raise him up high enough to Ireach the ceiling. Happily for him, the rubbish included several old chairs. One was too broken to be of any use except as ti prop. With the help of two others, he managed to make a firm foundation. Then, by very slow degrees, he heaped on this all he could pick up, and so made a firm footing; but he had to stop between each effort so as to gain strength for the next. When his 'pile was raised, he had to rest before making a great trial of climbing on to his erection. He could not then reach the ceiling with his hand, and he had again to grope about for further help. At last he found part of an old billiard cue, and after another rest, he carefully mounted his scaffold. He knew that if it fell he might not have sufficient energy to' re- build it. Indeed, the whole thing seemed to be a forlorn hope, but still he was determined to do all he could to save his life, for did not his life mean the possibility of doing something in the future for Ruby, though, alas! he felt sure that he should be too late to prevent the marriage. She could never have found the means of 'escape. Very carefully he mounted on his unstable plat- form, and at last he just reached the ceiling with his cue. His strength was not great, but he husbanded it, knocking again and again. He knocked till he was too weary to hold the cue, and , once more he had to rest. He must certainly have made very audible sounds, for the old rafters re- echoed the knocks as the dull thud reverberated through the beams. Again he rested,' then he began again. Someone might come to open or shut the windows upstairs. The room, too; must be swept out, and if it were not already done there was Icertainly some chance of his being heard. Once he femme* he distinguished a sound above, and hastily began again to knock as loud as he could. He Icould hardly hold the cue. He felt that he must soon give up all effort, for the agony of his thirst I was almost unbearable. Could he holdiout a little

longer? Suddenly he heard a thump on the floor above. IWas it in answer to him? He waited, fearing that this was a delusion, then again he raised his hand and knocked irregularly. Was there a sound? Yes, a very decided noise. He even seemed to hear a veice, but he could not be certain, though once more he answered, so as to make sure that he was not deluding himself. [Could it again be the faithful Bob? He certainly would have 'tried to find him, though, of course, the Feltons would have told lies about him. Hark! there was a sound, someone was using a tool. Ile must be careful that this was not the work of a foe, for even in this strange house nothing was safe. Alec was silent for a little time. The blood seemed to be rushing through his temples. It seemed to blind and to deafen him. Suppose he lost the power of answering. He might even now be overlooked. No, there was a sound, confused certainly, almost a whisper of: "Mr. Alec! Mr. Alec! Is that you ?" "Bob, Bob, a little water, for Heaven's sake. Can you open P" Another pause. Bob was trying to find the means to get at him. Never had a sound appeared so welcome to Alec as that shuffling noise, though evidently Bob was setting to work with great caution. This was, indeed, the case, and we must return to Bob after he had watched Sir Harry drive off in frantic haste. He had trembled for fear of being further questioned, but nothing had happened. Nancy was upstairs weeping and bemoaning her own and her darling's fate, for if Miss Ruby was not found, there was little chance of averting the storm that would burst upon her and upon her widowed daughter. • Old Rudd, from whom she sought consolation, was too busy to have much time for speculation. The Feltons had left everything in disorder, and the squire had given commands the evening before that all was to be replaced and the old rooms shut up again before his return. This might be soon, and Rudd tried to make Nancy bestir herself, and with the help of Jane, a strong girl, to set the house in order. But Nancy was of no use. She was really ill with worry; and the only thing to do was to send the girl to scrub the rooms which had been in use. Jane had begun downstairs, and not till these rooms and the passages were finished, did Rudd bethink himself that the best spare room had never been touched since Mr. Beauworth's sudden disappearance, and Jane was sent there. So it was Jane who first heard the dull thud, and, frightened out of her wits, she hurried out of the room to the hall downstairs. Going into the courtyard, she met Bob just returned from a flying visit to his mother. "Eh, Bob, look here, then; it's not me as is going into that room upstairs again. There's a ghost a-tapping there. I was scrubbing the sides of the floor and I heard it, and I'm that terrified that I dursn't go in. And there's my load there._ and if Nancy or Mr. Rudd find it not done—bless my stars! there'll be a dreful rumpus! What be I to do ? " Bob listened 'in silence. made up. "I heard there was a ghost there, Jane, and I don't wonder as you keep away." "What shall I do, Bob ? " "If you don't tell, Jane, I'll finish the scrubbing for you; but I must lock the door for fear the squire was to come back. Odds Dag! there would be a split if he was to find me doing your work!" "Bob, I'll do anything you like, if you'll do that for me. You are just obliging, that you are," "Where's the key ? " "Oh, it's in the door." "Then I'll take it out, and 'keep it till I've done; and if you tell on me, Jane, why, I'll—" "No fear, I'll not go there again, no, not if I was to be sent away. It gives me the death shivers, and that's the truth." Bob was soon up the stairs. The day was waning, so he took his stable lantern with him. He could hide the light should anyone watch him; but he knew that the squire being away, he was safe from intrusion. Rudd never did more than he could help. Bob entered softly. Taking out the key, he locked the door inside, so as to be sure he was not suddenly interrupted. He listened a little while, but he heard nothing. There was Jane's pail of water and the room still in a mess, just as it had been left the evening that Mr. Alec had departed. Bob searched the room again, looking iato every corner of the big Cupboard, which had before roused his suspicions. All was the same, and there was no noise. Suddenly he did hear a faint thud, but it seemed to come from below his feet. Bob started as if he had been shot. The floor! He had rimer thought of that. He listened again. Another knock. He seized Jane's broom, and gave an answering knock. If it was a human being he should get an answer. In another moment it was answered. Bob looked at the floor. There were large rugs covering the centre; near the dressing-table the edge was nailed down. He nulled at it, but it held fast. He looked. raujaci.for

Then his mind was

FRIDAY, JANUARY 12,

some means or rorcing out the nails. At last he twied a lucky horse-shoe, which some youthful Beauworth had once hung up over the doorway. Bob climbed up and unhooked it. Using it as a lever, he succeeded in lifting the carpet. He tore the coverings off, and there he saw disclosed the outline of a trap-door, but so well jointed that, without a clue, it would have been difficult to dis- cover the secret. He tried to lift it, calling as loud as he dared: "Mr. Alec! Mr. Alec ! " Yes, he heard an answer, he could almost distinguish the words, but not quite. He worked with a will; he must make haste. His friend must be almost dead. What if he had been nearly murdered and was dying below? If only he had some proper tools, he could have gone quicker • but he dared not go out of the room for fear of being questioned if seen coming out of this place. At last he was able to lift the door a very little, and then he distinctly heard the appeal for water. "Wait a minute, Mr. Alec; I'll get you some. Are you hurt ? " There was no answer this time, and Bob did not know how he was to manage, thinking "I was a blind fool not to guess he was not gone." He found a little water in a jug, but how was he to get it down? There was a water-bottle. He cut down the bell-rope as gently as he could, then be tied the bottle to it, and then tried once again to lift the heavy trap. He saw that the hinges had been lately replaced. This time be was more successful. He managed to get something under to hoist it an inch, then a bigger stool. At last he was able to hold the light. He saw that Mr. Alec was lying in a heap on a raised pile, but he did not move, and the cue which Irtd saved him had dropped from his hand, and lay where it had fallen on the floor. "Mr. Alec, for Heaven's sake, speak to me. It's Bob, 'tain't them deuced Feltons. Here is the water; I can't get down, at least not now. I shouldn't be able to get up again without a ladder, and you would be no better off." he cold bottle touched Alec's forehead, the slight shock revived him. "Water!" he said again. "Mr. Alec, just move a bit and take it. Here it is. You'll feel better after a drink. Here is the water. Just drink a drop. Oh, if I could hang them and chop them up into bits." Alec was roused by the word, "water " ; he collected his • wandering senses, and took hold of the bottle, but if Bob had not been holding it from above, he would not have had the strength to hold the precious bottle to his lips. As it was, he spilt a good deal, but a little trickled into his mouth, enough to make him sit up and take a firmer grasp. "Good Heavens, it's water!" he murmured. Bob watched him, and the tears trickled down his face.. No suffering of his own had ever drawn a tear from him. The fresh air was also beginning to do its work of reviving the prisoner. He was now able to drink a good draught, and then to ask for more. "Bob, you have saved me again! Give me some more water; I thought it was all over. If I die, don't let it be of thirst. Give me more." • Bob drew up the bottle, and refilled it again, but this .was all there was in' the room. "Bob, have you got anything to eat ? " "No, Mr. Alec, I ain't. So they meant to kill you. The devil was too sharp for me. It wants the devil to fight the devil!" "W.hat time is it? How long have I been here ? " "Don't rightly know; but let's get you out first. Can you help yourself at all ? " "I'm afraid I can't much." Bob looked round to see if he could find any- thing to help him. There were only the sheets and blankets on. the bed, but what would Nancy say if they were spoilt? He would be discoverell. Alec had now so far recovered that he could sit up, and he was as anxious to help Bob as Bob was to help him. "Bob, is there any way of getting out of this hole? There are two doors to open. "It would'nt be any good if I could find them even, Mr. Alec, I feel sure they would be well bolted." "I have •no strength to climb up there even

What I am

if-- "Never mind, we'll find a way. afraid of is the squire." "Don't run any risk.for me, my good Bob." " 'Tain't that, said Bob, scornfully, "but it's you, Mr. Alec. If the old gentleman comes home, why—" Alec wanted to ask a dozen questions, but he dared not, feeling that the little energy he still possessed must, be used. to help the faithful Bob. "If you think the doors are hopeless, I must try, with your help, to get out through the trap-door; •but I can find nothing more to help me." "If I could twist the sheets, I think that they would be able to bear you." "Yes, but could you hold me up ? " "We must try," said Bob. "Rest a bit, Mr. Alec, and I will get them ready. Can you tie a good knot rotted yourself ? " "I think I can do that, but I don't know what to say to the risk you are running." Bob went softly to the bed, and pulling off the sheets, he examined them. They were old linen sheets belonging to past generations of Beauworths. The sheets were to be trusted, but even so it was not easy. At last Bob had made his preparations, and he returned to his post. "Mr. Alec, I have fastened one end to the old bed-post, then I shall twist it again round the table. It's a heavy one, and I think that we can get you up. Do you feel better? I wish I had something to eat for you, but we had best get you up first. The devil's friends beat me, Mr. Alec. I kep an eye everywhere I thought, but it warn't enough." It took Alec a long time to make himself secure. He ,was very weak, and only his determination not to die in a hole like this made him pull himself together. "Bob, I've done it. Will it bear me? I feel that I can make very little effort." "Yes, Mr. Alec. - Now, you must just hold on; it's not far." This was true, but it was lifting almost a dead weight, and Bob was by no means sure of succeed- ing. At first it seemed impossible. If Alec could have helped himself more, he could have climbed up using it like a rope, ; but as Alec stood up he felt so giddy that he called out: "Stop, Bob, I don't think I shall be able to do this, and you will never be strong enough to pull me up by sheer force." • "Just try, Mr. Alec." For Bob's sake, Alec made another effort. Clinging to the impromptu rope, he wound his legs round the linen, and found that he was able to hoist himself an inch higher. "Hold tight, Bob. If you let go, it's all up with me." Bob knew it. He did not speak, but held on for dear life, the life of his friend. At last Alec's head approached the floor line, but now was the worst moment—he had not strength enough to cling to the edge. "Bob, I can't do any more. up a moment ? " Bob twisted himself round the sheet and lay down. Now he pulled with all his might, nearly squeezing the breath out of his body. "Mr. Alec, try to hoist a bit." One more effort, and Alec seized the edge. Bob pulled, then with a low exclamation, of pain, Bob saw that he had literally dragged the prisoner on to the floor of the bedroom. Both lay silent and quite exhausted for five minutes. Bob was the first to recover himself. He unwound himself, and now he could easily drag Alec into safety. Then he quickly closed the trap-door and replaced the carpets over it. "I thought for a moment we should have stuck in the middle, Mr. Alec," he said, smiling. Alec could just smile too as he held out his hand, but he was past words. "It's food you want, Mr. Alec • I'll just go and iset some. I'll lock you in, though." ." If they came now, I couldn't shew fight," whispered Alec. "No fear! They are gone to Australia, and I wish the squire had gone with them." Bob went softly out of the room, and locking it behind him, he put the key in his pocket. Downstairs be found Rudd talking to Nancy. sane was listening, open-mouthed. "Here it is, sure enough. It's from the squire." "What's -up now ? " said Bob, trying to look uninterested. "Wherever have you been, Bob ? " said Nancy. , Jane made faces to him from behind Nancy, to entreat him not to let out that he had been doing her work. "I was cleaning up. Squire coming home? " "Well, the squire says Miss Ruby is not found, and he'll come back to-morrow morning." Bob felt relieved. He feared the squire would have been back this evening. flo. reason for starving. I'm dead hungry, said Bob. "Well, sit down then," said Rudd, "We didn't' wait for you." "I didn't notice the time. The squire will be in a temper whenthe comes home About Miss Ruby"

Can you hold me

1900.

—Ana my poor lamp not tonna. tin, she's lost in the big city, lost for ever." Bob was left alone with Jane and the loaf of bread. He began cutting a good slice and putting on plenty of butter. "I say, Jane," he whispered, mysteriously, "in .4 rue; I heard it myself."

• "I said so." - "And what's more I saw it! "Oh, lorksl Bob, did you really? " "Yes, really. Oh, it was awful! Truth! " "What shall I do, Bob? You'll just finish for me, but I must have the sheets for the wash." "You'd best not shew them to Nancy. I just twisted them into a cord for to go at the ghost, but lor' it went through him like nothing." "0 Bob "

"I'll go and finish. I'll take the grub and be off, but you keep guard. If Nancy was to find out or Rudd, there would be a fine way 1" "I should be packed off, and what would mother say? " „. _ _

-"Aint you got nothing else nice to eat? It's hot work with a ghost." "There's Mr. Rudd's brandy bottle here in the corner."

"First rate, give us a drop, Jane, in something. One wants keeping up when one's dusting a ghost as I've been doing." When Bob slunk upstairs again he felt very much like a thief, but he managed to get into the room without being seen, and in another moment Alec was drinking a little brandy and eating a few mouthfuls of bread and butter.

"We have the night, Mr. Alec. The squire is not coming back here till to-morrow, but we must clear out early." "And has Miss Ruby sailed? " "No, that's the best of it. .r. Alec you'll never guess! why, she's cut and run. She's a Beaimorth, she is."

"Escaped!'" "Yes, And 1 guess I could tell them where she is! You see, I saw you were sweet on her, Mr. Alec, so I just gave her a telegram that came for you, and I took her to the train for to go to London. We were sharp." Bob laughel softly. "But, Bob, it was the same train that tne Feltons were to go by." • "Anyways, she ain't with them, and you'll find her with your friends." "Bob you are worth your weight in gold—good measure."

"You ain't out of the wood, Mr. Alec." "No, but I mean to live and have my turn of revenge! If I could bring the squire to the gallows I would."

===== 0002601_19000112_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIX.

When Ruby came to her senses she saw a sweet face bending over her. It was not the same face she had seen on entering the house, and so for some time she could not recollect where she was or what she could have been doing. "Papa," she said, softly. "Your father is not here, dear. Shall w 3 write to him ? " "Where am I ? " "With friends." "Alec's friend's? I was looking for them .when-" _ _

not Al's friends. Now try and sleep." "Oh, I must not; I must get up and look for Alec's friends.

"The doctor will not let you get up, dear. You have been very ill." "Have I?" She tried to sit up and fell back. "I see, Ican't sit up. Have I given you a great deal of trouble?"

• "Trouble! Are we not put into the world just to help our neighbours ? " "How good you are; but-"

.. There N '.V. as a sweet laugh. "Good! Oh, no, mother is longing to see you. I shall fetch her. We are sorry for you.".

"That was your mother I saii. I remember now. How long have I been here ? " "Never mind about dates. We wanted to write to your people, but you could not tell us." "Oh, lam glad. You must not write to any*. one. I will tell your mother." "You must not worry yourself. My brother will like to see you too, when you are better." "Was he the kind man who brought me here? Oh, I was so miserable." _ -

"Yes; he brought you here, I am glad to say." "Why?" "Don't talk any more now. I will give you your medicine, and when you wake up you will be better."

Ruby felt inclined to cry for joy. When next she woke she felt much better, and Ibis time it was the elder lady who sat in front of her. _ _ _

Ruby stretched out her hand. "Oh, you have been so kind to me." "It is a pleasure to help young people." "I was in such trouble. May I tell you? Only promise not to make me go back to him." "Tell me everything, dear." Ruby told her everything except her name. She felt as if that would be betraying her father. "Papa could not help himself; he said so. 'lndeed he could not, because he loves me and would not do it if he could."

"But he must be suffering to know about you. Tell me how we may find him. It cannot be right to keep him in ignorance." "If you did I should go away at once," said Ruby, firmly. "But is there no one you could trust?" "Yes, my cousin, who taught me that it was wrong. He is kind and good. "Where does he live?" Ruby shook her head. "I don't know. I told you I lost the address of the only person who knows him. Oh, you must not tell anyone. I will earn my living. I will do anything but go back to that man!" "I will ask my son, dear. We must do what is right." That evening Ruby came downstairs for a little while, and lay on the sofa in the pretty drawing- room. A refined life with ladies was all so new to her. _ _ _

After dinner Dr. Murray, the middle-aged man who had brought Ruby to his mother, came in to see her. Ruby looked so pretty that it was not difficult for anyone to be kind to her. She blushed as she held out her hand. She remembered now that she had been rude. to him.

"How kind you have all been to me," she said. "Thank you very, very much." Dr. Murray's face expressed a quiet pleasure which Ruby saw, but could not understand. "I am sorry you have been ill. You were quite overdone that day you lost your way." "I was feeling so miserable and I had so little money left that perhaps Mrs. Scott would have turned me out. Dr. Murray, did you ask about my bag ? " "Yes, but Mrs. Scott would not give it up. She said that you would call yourself for it. I told her you were with friends, but-" "I must go and get it some day it you will shew me the way." Dr. Murray looked at his sister. "You can do without it, dear," she said. - Mrs. Murray came into the room. "Arthur," she said, "our little friend, Ruby, says that we must not write to her father. What do you say ? " "Miss Ruby must judge for herself. There is no need to hurry. But her father ought to know that she is safe. "Not" said Ruby, decidedly. "Papa was going to let me go to Australia. I should have been lost to him, so I do not see why I should let him know." _ _

"When you are quite well you must think it over. If you like I will call and see any friend you may name." "I have only one friend—my; Cousin Alec; but Ido not know where he is now." Ruby felt now how much she had been kept a prisoner all her life.

"I lived in Australia when I was quite little with my mother, but papa lived away then. He never liked living in one place. When mamma died he came to fetch me and brought me to England, and we have lived in the country ever since."

When Ruby went upstairs to bed the three Murrays were left alone to discuss the strange event of Ruby's arrival among them. Dr. Murray was a retired doctor. He, had wandered about in his youth, but an uncle having left him a large fortune, .he had retired from prac- tice to devote himself to scientific research. "That she is good and quite innocent of the ways of the world there is no doubt," said Mrs. Murray, looking at her son. "0 Arthur, how thankful we ought to be that you found her at that moment. I shudder to think what would have happened if she had fallen into that wicked woman's clutches." "But there is some mystery about her if she will not tell us her father's name," put in the dauzliter.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

_ C'digtc"

===== 0002601_19000112_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
"I think it is exactly as she says—that her' father wanted her to marry a man she could not love or respect, and that she fled from home," said Dr. Murray. "I knew that you would be good to her, mother. For the rest she has been vat" much frightened, and we must not hurry her, think we ought to promise to keep her secret.° "But we may get very much blamed when lies father finds her."

"She must go back of her own free will." "You are always so• trusting, Arthur," said his sister Jessie. "I could not doubt such a face."

"But we must do something with her," said Miss Murray, "as we are all going away in a fortnight." "Poor child! She is so grateful and patient, but she has a strong character," said Mrs. Murray. "She seems to have been purposely kept.back- wards. Everything seems strange to her." "If we only knew her name," said Jessie Murray. The next time that Ruby saw Dr. Murray was a few days after the last conversation, when she was allowed to walk downstairs. Mrs. Murray and her daughter had to go out together and left Ruby alone in the drawing-room with a book. Dr. Murray lo eked in by chance and came up to speak to her. "Oh, I wanted to see you," said Ruby, who seemed less shy with men than with women.

"What can I do for you ? " "I want to tell you that I am well now, and I want to go and earn my living." "Indeed, you are not quite strong enough yet." '"Yes, I feel strong, and I cannot repay yslu •as I have no money; but I could work." "I will ask ray mOther about it. But you know, Miss Ruby, it is difficult to find work for a young lady without a surname." Ruby smiled. "I had not thought of that." "Would you like to adopt another? It is not illegal, I believe," he laughed. "How difficult everything is," said Ruby, her eyes filling with tears. "Let me help you." "May I tell you, and will you promise me not to tell? I will not go home till lam sure that that horrid man has gone, and that I shall not be made to marry him. I will not." Dr. Murray looked a little amused as he said: "If you will trust me, I promise not to reveal anything without your leave." "My father is called Sir Harry Beauworth. We live at Yewdale, and the man I was to marry is- called James Felton; but I won't marry him. All the Baauworths were very decided people." Rub? laughed through her tears. "And c)u don't want to change your name? It is a name I am familiar with. I knew a Harry Beauworth in Australia." "Then it must have been papal He only became Sir Harry when we came to England." "My friend was a very original man, but Ido not think he would have wished to marry his daughter agaLast her will. As far as I knew he was not married." "How odd; but it may have been another. Is it a common name ? " "I did not think so, but one never knows how a name may crop up. Besides, I lost sight of my friend. He went into the interior. He had a passion for exploring, and I heard that he had died, or people thought that he had died in the waterless region. But your father may have married on his return, and he may be my old* friend. I had quite lost sight of him, and he, too, would not have thought that I shoulkreturn to England." "Why not ? " "Because I was determined never to see England again; but when my father died I thought bettor- of it and came back to live with my mother, who is a saint. . I could not refuse her anything." "Do you think that I could take the name of Smith?" said Ruby, suddenly. "Have you no second name ? " "Oh, yes, Ruby Halkett Beauworth. My mother's name was Halkett." "May we call you Halkett ? " "Yes, Ido not mind that. But you will keep my secret ? " "Certainly. And now I think of it perhaps my mother will be able to find you some suitable work. What can you do best ? " "I can't teach anything, for I have been taugh so little myself; but I like reading aloud, for I often read to Nancy." "That will do very well. You shall read to an old lady, a friend of ours who wants a companion. She will be very kind, only it will be a little'dtill as she never sees anyone." "I shall like that best. Oh, if you knew how frightened I was!" The frightened look returned to the girl's eyes, and Dr. Murray turned the conversation. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19000112_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXTRAORDINARY NOVEL.

A p..werful novel, anzi one of cistrar,:dinary characmtics Yu more w.ny. than one, is L. T. Meade's " All Sorts." Dr il,ep human isitere2t—for it is one of those hooks wlsicis one cannet put down until it is finished its sit-crre moral tone, and the little-known sides of life whose sectets it reveals wits unflagging interest to the end, endear it to all fiction-lovers. The charming and Unc,,uventinnal heroine, daughter of an aristocratic family-, is introduced to the reader in the midst of fashionable life, portrayed with a sure band. Duchesses and countesses are her friends. In a moment, by a transition truly dramatic, the girl stands alone, her friends aloft, her fortune gone, her helpless laciy-rricther ruined in purse and spirit. The ad- ventures of the girl and the story of the two who wooed and the One whe wedded her, form a drama we will not spoil by anticipating the story. It is a book, tor, of remarkable courage. In a passage which has led to great discussion in literary circles and caused the authoress to be interviewed by a London newspaper as to its motive, 'he has lilt hesitated to introduce the name of a widely advertised article. When questioneri on this point, the authoress disclaimed all knowledge of the gossip it had (as all the world knows) created. She was, in fact, asked bluntly whether this was a paid advertisr meat, and as bluntly replied that it was cm,- tainlr not FO.

" I have," she said, "a motive in every thing I write —to perrray accurately the circumstances which I try to describe. Here I was writing a conversation. I asked myself what is the sort of thing a woman would be likely to say when her friend remarked that she had been suffering from indigeetion, I considered that bee impulse cenuld be to recommend something. I have heard these pills highly spoken of for indigestion : I have beard doctors speak favourably of them, andjaf course, I have read in the eewspapers what people say they have done for them. Consequently, this was the firet remedy that occurred to me, and I named it. I - wanted to make the conversation life like. I wanted (as I always do) to do good work, and I should have written any thing—anything," Mrs. Meade repeated, " which eeemt d to me to conduce to that end." The passage referred to is as follows " I have, suffered a good deal lately from indigestion,' replied mother in her gent'e tones. " And a bad thing it is—a very bed thing," said Mrs. Ittnaing, "I cured myself with Dr. Williams' pink pills ' for reile people. Did you over try 'em, Mrs. Wickham? " No," replied mother, gravely. "W.ll, well ; they pulled me round. Albert was terrney cencerned about me a year ago. I couldn't tarct the gieetest dainties you could give me. I turned against my 100., and as to going upstairs, why if you'll believe me, I ceuld have no more teken possession of that attic next to your young daughter than I could have fled. Nev there isn't a stair in Btitain would daunt me ; I'd te good for climbing the Monument any flue morn- ing, and it's all owing to Williams' pink pills. They're are a grand medicine." • sOf course a reference of this sort is almost unex empled in literary hittlry ; but there is no question of- the author's good faith ; and, indeed ; this subject much "in the air "just now, and the attention excited be the reports that have been publi,bed by the proprie- ter. of Dr. Williams' pink pills concerning the cures effected account for the interest which they attract. Tb re is hardly a village, and certainly not a town, in this country, that does not. possess its local " miracle " some invalid or cripple, or some Pickle man or woman, made ttrong and well by Dr. Williams' pink pills. They are even call to have made ther very into royal circles; and the Court Journal, more than a year ago, commented on their popularity in the littlest ranks of Society. " The practice of pink ' pill-taking, so lavishly en- couraged by bold edvertisernent," slid roy city's fa- voured chronicle, "is said to be making upward pro- gress in Seciety, and report has it that the product of the I. only genuine ' manufacturer—the pill with the coven-warded name so often displayed before our eyes with piteous entreaty to shun all pills *with a ' missing word' in their title—has penetrated to the most exalted tildes. However this may he,it. ia not to he questioned I that the pate people in the highest walk. of Society are availing themselves of ' Dr. Wil istn" dimovery, , ard comparing notes, not without eatisfection at the im- provement in their perrotial appearence thereon result- ! ine " " An Sort 3 "is ..mr,h,tically a built to read aad to buy.

* ALL SORTS. By L. T. Ivt-ao,e, Author of " The Cleverest Woman in England," etc: L,.:ndon : jatnf; Niq)et and Co.

v€,EED uoMPOUND for 61:glia nod Colds allays izritation. Gives inamediSte relief.—Advt.

• ..11r-,E.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN

COUNCIL.

[BL sax . i

-,7.. tchrs Games Pts 7). W. L. D. W. L. D. Cairo-street 2nd 4- 4 0 0 37 10 7 8 Latchford Golberne-street 3 1 1 1 11 15 2 3 St. Clements 2 1 1 0 13 13 2 2 St. Luke's 1 0 1 0 1 12 1 -0 *Y.M.C.A. 4 0 4 0 5 20 3 0 *Owing to the Y.M.0.A.. Club failing to fulfil their en- gagements with the Latchford, and Golborne-strPet Clubs. they have been obliged to forfeit both matches.

The small diagram v

enable our reader sto understand the notation by which the moves of the game are recorded. Black occupies the squares num- bered 1 to 12 and white those numbered 21 to 32. The figures thus 11-15 indicate that a move is made from and to the squares so nu mbered.Black has the opening move and the vairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the cl, se.

WHEN FEELING LIVERISH REMEMBER

- CARHEinri"itigi;tiFtit, " Touch" the Liver. They absolutely cure Sick Headache, Bilious- Desi,. Torpid Liver, Indigestion, Constipation, Sallow Skin, Dizziness, Purred Tongue. Small pill,small price, small dose, purely vegetable, forty in a phial. Dose One at Night. Is. ltd. of all Chemists. Be sure they are CARTER'S. • •

BEAU'fiFUL TEETH FOR ALL WHO USE daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy bps, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for 130ZO1)ONT. 2s. 6d.

• LINSIOD COMPOUND Trade Mark of Corap und Esscnee ol lAnseed, for Coughs and Colds,—Advt

-- The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held in this Council Chamber at the Town Hall 011 Tuesday evening. The Mayor presided and there were also present :—Alderman Wright (deputy Mevor),Alder- man Sutton, Aleermen Huichinson, Bolton,Firchugh, Francomb, Councillors Shaw Green, Greening, Monks, James Evans, Lee, Baird, Plumpton, Smeihuret. John Evans, Beaten, Bennett, F R Roberts. Rogers, A Jolley, Peaeock, Ellison, Duncan, ThltliOti, A. J Jolley,Cannell, L Greening, with J Lyon Whittle (town clerk.), Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk),Dr Gornall (medical officer), J Dees (sanitary engineer), r Longdin (borough sur- veyor), J Sutcliffe (assistant surveyor). W S Haddock (gas engineer). Watch Committee. The Pay for Police Reservists' Families. It was r?solved that the resignation of Sergeant Chewier be accepted, and that. be receive a pension for life equal to two thirds of his annual pay.—lt was further resolved: That the tender of Messrs McDowell's, Limited, to supply a horse ambulance at £77 10e be accepted. Mr C A Hindle having informed the commit- tee that the contract for the construction of the cells tied coexidors of the ne'ir police premises provided only for common bricks to be lime washed above the glaz d brick dado, and stated .hat the additional cost of sab- stituting white glazed bricks would be anout £3OO over contrect price, it was decided that white &zee bricks be substituted, that the Berough Surveyor ascertain the actual cost, and that public notihe be given of the new bylaws made under the Municipal Corporatkins Act, and which are now in force. At a meeting heldeon the 28th December, the following members of the force being Army Reservists, having been recalled to the colours :—P.C'e. Gibbs, Heso, Muskett, Bradley,and Kane, it was resolved that they be allowed leave of absence, without pay. That the following allowances be uncle to the wives and children or other dependents of the Reservists, viz.:—The weekly income of the family of a Reservist from all sources (except allotment from husband's pay and the proceeds of the wife's labour) to be made up to 10e., for each child not in work. 23 63. ; for other dependents 7s. That the following recom- mendations of the Chief Constable be adopted order to eope with the serious withdrawal from the effective strength. I beg to recommend that the monthly leave list be temporarily suspended, and that the t ao junior members of the Detective Department (Roper and Delaha.y) revert for the time being to uniform duty. I should also discontinue the attendance of a man at the Town Hall for the time being. As a recompense to all ranks for the deprivation of their day's leave, I would suggest that a day's extra pay per month be granted them in lieu thereof. The MAYOR, in moving the confirmation of the min- utes, referred to two or three of the resolutions. In re- gard to the proposed purchase of a horse ambulance the Council would be agreed that the time had come when Warrington should be possessed of such a conveyance, and the Watch Committee were well advised in ordering it. He was glad to say, also, although the competitien was keen, a Warrington firm had shown itself compe- tent to supply the ambulance as well as any outsider. With regard to the resolution for the substitution of white glazed bricke for lime-waleed common bricks it was found desirable to make the alterations for sanitary and other reasons. With reference to the proposed al- lowance to be made to the fathilies of Reservists who were members ef the police force they would have read the letter from the Home Office making ceetain recom- mendetions, but if they had followed them it would have upset altogether the arrangements already in force in connection with their own local relief committee. It was considered advisable to put everyone upon the same footing. Hence the resolution. Alderman SUTTON seconded. Councillor BaNearrr said he saw that the amount recommend in the communication from the Home Office was 2s more than their own. They ware all agreed that the dependents of these brave fellows aliould be treated in the most liberal manner prasible. Was there no possible way of increasing the amount? The MAYOR said the amount was considered to be sufficient. They had, of course, many other cases, and they had had no complaints. On the contrary.they had reeeleed many expressions of gratitude from the wives of those who had gone away. They did not wise to dis- turb the arrangements which had already been in force for some weeks. The difference Was not so great in the total, for it would be noticed that in the other recom- mendations the amounts for bee children were less, and unfortunately in many of their cases there were two, three, and even four children. Councillor MORNS pointed out that living was not so dear in Warrington as in London, and 103 here would go as far as 123 61 there. The minutes were confirmed. The Park Improvements. Widening of Kendrick-street. Opposition by Councillor Smethurst. The Street Improvement and Lighting Commileee has resolved that the General Purpeees Committee be recom- mended to purchase from Messrs. Faircloueh and Sons the piece of land in BOWley containing 15,500 square yards or thereabouts; at the price of lid. per square yard at 25 years' purchase; that the plan showing the line of frontage on the north side of Wash-lane be signed and deposited ; that Alderman Blackhutst and Councillor Heaton be appointed members of the. Special Property Purchaeing Committee ; and that Kenerink-street, co- extensive with the Park, be widened to 40 feet; and that the Town Hall. Park, and Baths Committee be requested to allow the improvement to be made. Alderman SUTTON moved the confirmetior of the minutes, and the motion was seconded by Councillor BAIRD. Coueciller SMETHURST Wild he protested against what he considered to be an extraordinary extravagance on the part of the committee so far as the widening of Kendrick-street was concerned. It was not his intention on that occasion to propose an amendment to the minutes, but the footpath on each side of the street was sft 6in wide. The width of the street was 20, t between the curbstones, and yet they were going to take 9ft off the Park to make it 4011 wide, and all this for a street in which 20 vehicles did not pass up in the course of a day on the way Vs Heath-side where they would have to go through a dangerous passage only 10ft wide, and where there had been several accidents. Be could not see why they wanted to widen a street so vary little used, and be considered the proposed expenditure an extravagance. Councillor BENNETT said that Councillor Smethurst had brought forward an eloquent argument for the widen- ing of Heath-lane, but he had advanced no argument against the widening of Kendrick-street. Hecontended that a street which abutted on the Park ought to be the same width as an ordinary residential street. He hoped they would widen the street, and that the amendment would not be pressed. The MAYOR: There is no amendment. C BENNETT : And then we will do our best to get Heath-lane widened. Alderman FRANCOMB said he had a great deal of sympathy with Councillor Smethurst, because Kendrick- street was very little used. There ought to be a good entrance at the corner proposed, and the improvement in Kendrick-street could wait until there was a more pressing need for it to be done. He should like to know when they would see something being done in Wilders- pool-road. (Hear, bear.) Alderman BOLTON remarked thet the footpath wss in a bad condition and should be taken up, and it was con- cluded that that Was the time also to widen the street. The wall was 'utiles and in a bad state of repair and tin CIEs and other things were thrown over that into the Park. Be thought the alterations proposed would effect a ereat improvement at little extra coat. Councillor Motacs said the resolution would have been more acceptable it it had been coupled with an estimate of the probable cost. Alderman Stenos; replied that he was not in a position to give that information, but they were told as a com- mittee that the well was in a dangerous condition. If the wall had to come down at a it was thought that it should be taken down at once. They had a good oppor- tunity of widening Kendrick street at little expense. The Borough Surveyor would prepare an estimat3 and this would he laid before them before the work was pro- ceeded with. Councillor SMETHURST hoped that after what had been said be several of the members that the Council would take the hint as a friendly one,and-- The MAYOR: You may make a personal explanation but not a speech. -

fr(lit ' . I,_ , ... .1.4. • ~ . . C --'u EillitiEl;::111k Z 24 : ' c ( • • .4;&': -WA ,-4.2.1 ;,.. '

===== 0002601_19000112_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--

===== 0002601_19000112_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Black t'ov-m—,c-e and win

&HAVERS LIST. Previous Probl--; Dual Total • score. No 65. SAL Pt,. B Donaghy, Padgate ..... 94 2 2 98 H Powell, W arrington— BB 2 2 92 T P Forbes, Warrington BB 2 go E Ogden, Warrington.---82 2 86 T Bickers, W arrington B2 .., 86 0 Rowe,Wartington BO 2 82 W MassenWarringtou 76 2 78 W Darlington,Peaketh 74 2 76 3 J Foien, Warrington 72 o .., - 74 3 Evans, Warrington....- 72 2 74 A Rutter, Warriinton .. 68 2 70 .1 Green. Warrington—....-66 2 70 "B JF" Warrington -. 62 2 66 " C P,"Warrington 56 2 60 A Banner, Warrington 56 56 F Wright. Worrin2ton .......14 46 S Alhinson, Sc,ockton Heath3o - 30 W Rigto, Warrington ....-18 20 -J. J. Wright, Warrington 18 18 W B Kean,WarriAßtnn lB 18 A Gabriel, Stockton Heith 12 T Broomball, Etarlestown _l2 W Hewitt, Warrington lO G Lowe, Warrington .........10 F Frangleton, Warrington...4

- 2 2 2

NOTlCE.—Solvers who become entitled to a prize in this competition can, if they desire, have any book on the game of Draußhts equal tq the value of ss. instead of cash prizo, by notifying the .Draughts Editor.

in connection with the above competition we offer a monthly priz-? of 5s to the competitor who succeeds in placing himself at the head of the Solvers' List at the end of the month. Where the prize is awarded the winners score is cancelled, while the remaining competitors' points go towards the nest month's competition. The winner may re- enter the tourney if he chooees, commencing again at the bottom of the list. Points are awarded as follows: Two for the correct solution of a prob- lem ; two fot corvcting the author's terms, one for showing a dual solution or a dual key-move, and one for showing a dual continuation at any stage in the solution.

OUR DKCENEBat PRIZE WINNER. We have to announce that the winner of our competition for December is NIT.. E Donaghy, Feern- bead-lane, Pacigate. to whom a postal order for 5s has been forwarded.

, For the follovring interesting game we are in&bted to the" Leeds Mercury "

'GLASGOW." By 3ir. J. V. FERGUSON, North Leith. , 11-15 27-11 4 8 (c)l9 —lO 20-27 10-6 23-19 7-16 30-26 6-22 31-24 1-10 8-11 20-11 8-11 17-10 *l6-24 15-6 22-17 3-- 7 26-23 12-16 24-19 2 a 914 28-24 11-16 21-,-17 22-26 Drawn. 25-22 7-16 32-27 5 9 19-15 11-16 24-19 16-20 (1) 17-13 28-31 (b)24-20 16-23 22-18 (d) 9-14 23-19 16-23 26-19 10-15 (e) 27 24 31-26 (a) 9-14 line of the" Glasgow." (b) Z 6-23 here would farm the" Glasgow-Whilter." (c) 18-11 here would give Black a strong positi.ill. (d) This seems Black's beat move. le) Best, as 13-9 is very weak. 15 31-24 (1) 10 7 • 14-10 15-11 20 20-27 2-11 26-23 1-- 5 18 17-14 15— 8 18-15 Drawn. •27 27-31 31-26 23-19 (2) 16-19 17-13 22-26 27-23 26-31 11— 7 18-15 (3)l-17 31-22 19-24 19-16 2-11 (4)9-14 15-11 17-26 23-19 31-26 16— 7 Drawn.

23-18 18. (2)9-13 18. 27-23 23. 20-24 24.

(3) 14-18 1-10 2 9 *1923 Drawn 10— 6 15-6 13— 6 27-24 (4) 19--2 q 9-14 24-27 20-27 27-31 Drawn 17-13 27-23 31-24 23-19 10— 6

• NEWS OF THE GAME. WARRINGTON LEAGUE. A match should have taken place on Monday last between the Virarrington and Padgate clubs at the rooms of the former; but, probably owing to the inclement state of the weather the Pidgate team didn't put an appearance. Comequently the War- rington club have decided to claim the match.

IST. DIVISION TABLE. Matches Games Pts P. W. L. D. W. L. D. Cairc-street St. Barnabas 2 1 1 0 9 10 8 2 Padgate ....... Penketh 2 0 1 I 9 15 4 1 Warrington 2ND DIVISION TABLE.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
.BAD COMPLEXIONS . RED ROUGH BMWS •FittiliNG HAIR •

PREVENTED BY

+'' - •,. 4• (.1,4 • :46 +kW • ,) ' • or

The most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap as well as purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. It strikes at the cause, pf bad com- plexions, red, rough hands. falling hair, and baby blemishes, viz., the clogged, irritated, inflamed, overworked, or sluggish Poßzs.

, 5,1.1 everywhere. Foreign depots: F. Nrivnicar dr SONS, LCM- . ;L. M:', PS R. TOWNS c'Z CO, Sidney. Porrz F. 13 Wig- CIIEM• COUP., SOIC Propr., Boston, U. S. A.

• UNSER!) COMPOUND' for Coughs and Colds. Asthma and Bronchitis. Of Chemists only.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JANUARY 12, 1900

Councillor SBIRTRURST : Then I beg to propose as an arhendment that- The M&YOR : You cannot now; too late. The minutes were then agreed to. The Hospital Extensions. Lively Discussion. The Health COMMiLtee in addition to acceptine ten- ders for the erection of a ward pavilion and administra- tive block resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to apply to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of the sum of £5,500 for the purpose of hospital extension, and that the temporary wood pavilion on the land adjoining the hospital be taken down and the materials stored for use in case of further emergency. Alderman SUTTON moved, and the MAYOR seconded, the clnfirmatian of th.e minutes. Councillor PLUMPTON opposed the paesingof the minutrs with refer.oce to the hospital question. Be hoped that evertjavernber of the Council would seriously consider the action which had been taken by the Health Committee i in deciding to retain the Infectious Diseases Hospital in its present position. In his opinion toe question was a most serious one—the most serious which nal been con- I sidered since he had been a member of the Council. An erroneous statement had been unintentionally made as to the cost of the present building and land. It had been slatted that the premises had cost £16,000, whereas as a matter of fact they had not cost half that amount according to the figures which had bcen presented by the Teem Clerk. 11 the Beard of Guardians had been, asked a reasonable amount— Alderman Suwon : Don't you think this is a little bie out of order ? Whatever was dons by the Board cannot les helped now. We made an offer and they re-' fused it ; and it is only a waste of time to go Leto that question. , Councillor PLUMPTON : No doubt you think so. The MA-eon: Any remark as to the proposal of the Guardians is out of order, but Councillor Plumpton is, right in discussing the situation of the hospital. Couneillor YLUItIPTON, continuing, contended that the erection of a new hospital would not be the loss to the ratepayers, they might think it would be owing to the falsnishaeement which had been inscle.lf the hospital had only cost from £6,000 to £7,000 instead of £16,000 it would be no great loss to the town to do away with it altogether, and erect one outside the borough. They had purchased three lots of land for the feeer hospital, and for the price paid for them and the price of the isuildings they could get every penny back by selling tile land where the present building was. Land had been offered near Sankey Chapel House, and they could iset it for £1,400 or £1,500. The patients would have the benefit of pure air during convalescence,which thy had not now. Buildings woco being pot up all arouni the pre sent hospital, and very shortly it would be surrounded by works and' chimneys that must be projudical to the patients. He therefore, in these Circumstances, moved as an arne.ndlnent that the minutes be referred back .to the COannit:eo as far as the estimates were cerscerned, and that the desirability of erecting a building outside the town be considereL They had borrowed £7,000 and they were going to spsnd £5,000 more. In addition to that there would eventually ha a lodge erected at further expense. The lodge was not mentioned there, but he believed it was intended to erect it eventually. The MAYOR: I must ask you net to make any further remarks about that. Councillor Peurorross said he •=oved his amendment beeanse lie considered that the disadventagee of having the hespital in its present situation, both to inmates and residents in the neighbourhood were to be endured to suir the coavenience of the Medical Officer of Health. Some £12,000 or £15,000 was going to be spent and they would then only be able to accommodate the number of patients that bed been in the building the past year. All he desired was to see the Infectious Diseases Hospital outside the Borough of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BENNETT said he sympatbised so strongly with the views which had been given expression to by C o.iior PlumptOo that be should second the amend- ment. It was contrary to all the recognised principles of sanitation to erect a fever hospited in the centre of a district which was fairly populated now, and was likely to be densely populated in the near future. He must confess that he was pleased with the plans, and he thought the buildings to be erected would do credit to the town, but when they were contenc.plating the exa pendieure cf from £12,000 to £15,000 they ought to re- consider the whole matter, and decide once for all whether it WaS wise to have a fever hospital in the midst of a thickly populated district. The mistake made with the Board of Guardians was irreparable. The MAYOR ! There was no mistake. Councillor BENNETT : At any rate it is no use crying over spilled milk. The MAYOR : No milk has been spilled in this case. Councillor BENNETT : I think it is a mistake to spend money towards perpetuating a mistake which bas been made. - Councillor JAMES Evens supported the amendment,l and said there was a strong feeling in the ward against the proposed extension. Alderman SUTTON: We know there is. Councillor James EVANS : A great many residents have expressed their disapproval of the scheme. A very in- fluential deputation waited on the Health Committee on this very question. The MAYOR I think the deputation expressed them- selves perfectly satisfied with the proposed extension if the lodge was not erected. (Hear, hear.) They had no objection to the extension. Alderman SUTTON: That was so. Councitter JAMES Emig said they had no objection to the administrative block, but the sum proposed was a large sum of money to spend in the extension of a hospital that was in an unsuitable place. The neigh- bourhood was going to be still more congested, and all the available land would be taken up for the building of cottage property. He did not think it was wise to build a hospital contiguous .to cottage property. He under- stood that the Health Committee was seeking to pur- chase land outside the town. Most of them would agree that where there was plenty of fresh air and where the conditions 'were best calculated to hasten convalescence there was the place for a hospital. Warrington was growing fast and in twenty years from now further ex- tension would be necessary. 'I Alderman SUTTON: It is for the next generation to look alter itself. Councillor Evens: It is for this generation to spend money jediciously, and with a view t ) the future. This generation is not only responsible for the present,but for the future and there is no reason why we should leave a bad legacy for those who are to Come after us. (Hear, bear.) Continuing. Councillor EVANS said that if the present expenditure was only to cover 20 years then be held that they were not justified in spending £14,000 or £15,000 on the present site for hospital extensions. It would be far better to re-consider the whole subject. The time was not far distant when it would be necessary for them to have a resident medical superintendent at the hospital. If they spent the sum of money now proposed, in a few years it would be found nceessary to provide a new site, and the money spent would be useless. If they were going to lose anything now was the time to loss. (Hear, hear.) Let the old building go, and erect a Eerie ' nospitel outside the town. (Hear, hear). The MAYOR said the present site was decided upon I after careful consideration on the part of the Council 20 years ago. At that time the whole district was practi- , calls, green fields, and whatever disadvantage imaginary 'or otherwise, there was in regard to the contiguity of an infectious diseases hospital to dwellings had been , brought about by the ratepayers, who had built their houses close to the hospital. Therefore they must take ' the responsibility. Experience had proved also that an infectious diseases hospital was witbout danger to the I surrounding neighbourhood. The property stood in their books chat day at £10,380. Councillor TINNION : Including furniture? The MAYOR: Yes. The Corporation had acquired land for the very purpose of preventing the acquisition , of land for cottage building too near the hospital. [ Councillor TINNION : Why ? s The MAYOR: Because of making the necessary pro- vision for our growing requirements from time to time. For some years they had been insufficiently housed in vmnection with fever cases, and they bad not only had to refuse caeca - from Newton, but sonic of their own cases, which was more important than refusing cases from that fi.)lsoe. A considerable amount of the conta- gion that had existed in Warrington during the past 12 months was owing to the fact that perfect isolation had been impossible owing to the waist of accommodation in Aikin-street. The Corporation experienced the greatest difficulty in obtaining a site for a hospital. At the pre- sent moment they were without a smallpox hospital, al- though it was seven years since the epidemic in the town. Alderman SUTTON said the objection of Councillor Plumpton seemed to be that the situation was detri- mental to the health of the inhabitants of the neighbour- hood. Councillor PuntsProrr No, no ; detrimental to the patients in the hospital. Alderman SUTTON said the patients were turned out as completely cured as they could be in any part of the country. If they gave up the present buildings, they I would have to sacrifice a sum equal to £lO,OOO and more. Councillor PLUI4PTON Nonsense. Alderman SUTTON denied that it was nonsense, and contended that if, they erected new buildings they would be simply throwing away over £lO,OOO of the money of the ratepayers withont any return for it. The Guardians , bad spent a large sum in the erection of them new in- firmary, and they did not consider the situation was an undesirable one. The proposed extershen would supply the requirements of the town for nearly half a century. Councillor A. J. JOLLEY said he as not fettered be what had been done in the past, but it seemed to him that the arguments which had been brought forward i that night were strengly in favour of a new hospital. The arguments of the Mayor did not seem to him very weighty in favour of an enlargement of the existing premises. It might be that be brought a fresh mind to bear on the consideration of the subj,ct, but looking at it with an open mind it seemed to him that any ;ne- welsl to enlarge an infectious diseases hespital in the midst of a dense population was almost prima facie con- demnatory. The weight of argument seemed to be con- clusive against spending anymore on the present cite.

The MAYOR: There is no more danger to the immedi- ate neighbourhood than there is from a workhouse. Councillor A. J. JOLLEY cintinuing, alluded to the ad- mirable report proposed by Dr. Quest Garnett after the small-pox epidemic. The MAYOR; `Drat was on the question of the out- break ot small-pox. Councillor JOLLEY: Will the proposed building not be us%,d for small-pox cases ? The MAYOR: Oh, no. Councillor JOLLEY : Then that removes my objec- tion. Councillor Salm GREEN asked what the present accom- modation was and what it would be. Councillor MONKS *ought the discussion was out of order, as the Council had recently approved of the piano and the purchase of land for the extensions on the present site. It veined to bim that the Council could do nothing but approve cf the expenditure. (Sear,

hear.) - The MAYOR : The discussion is not out of order be- CAU99 the minutes are submitted for consideration. Alderman SUTTON in reply to Councillor Shaw Green, said the prop's* accommodation was for 28 adults, but accommodation was to be provided for 65. There was a similar increwe for the accommodation of children. Councillor TINNION remarked that he was pleased the discussion bad taken plans on the matter. He believed there was no discussion when the plans were submitted because in the language of Councillor Plumpton "they were insauvgled through:" (Lsughter.) The MAYOR : I cannot allow that—it is not trim It is not a c)rrect expression tn use.because there has been at least one tull discussion upon the whole qUe3tiOn, and I won't allow the expression. Councillor TruNioN : I was only quoting Councillor Plum pton. AlSer(ll4.ll SUTTON : You should not quote. Councillor TINNION : It is not for Alderman Sutton to say what I should do and should not. I obj,tct to being called to order by Alderman Sutton. The, MAYOR: Quite right. Alderman SUTTON: I shall call you to order when you make misstatements. I have a perfect right to do

so. The MAYOR (to Councillor Tintiion) : I wish you not to make use of the expression. Councillor TINNION repeated that he had been merely usinz an expression quoted by Councillor Plumpton. He was pleased the matter had been so fully discussed that night. If there was an objection to a small-pox hospital withie tho borough he could not see why there should not be an objection to afeber hospital also within the borough. The MAYOR said the reason was this. There was a very strong opinion amongst msdical men that the disease of small-pox could be transmitted by aerial com- munication. That was not possible with any other disease. Ceuncillor TiNevee said he would leave that matter, but it was very desirable to have a hospital in a place where the patents could at least have pure air, and be did not think they could claim that in the present situttion. He t )ok it that the accommodation was to be for 65 adults. He would like to know how much was to Ibe spent on land and how much on furniture. If the hospital was only to last ten years it would be a grievoui mistake to spend £9,ooo—he did not now refer to the furniture—and then in another ten years spend another sum when no doubt the whole of the land would be oecupied by works and cottage property. He should vote for the amendment. Councillor BENNETT asked a question with reference to the progress being made with respect to the small- pox hospital. The plans had been approved by the Council but nothing more had been heard of the matter. The MAYOR in reply said that the committee were now about to settle upon a site for a small-pox hospital. They did not like the site now available and would be glad to „let a better one if they could do so. Alderman BOLTON observed that the position seemed to be that the district was so thickly populated 'eat a nuisance might be created by continually bringoig pa- tiente through the streets. What might be safe for 40,000 inhabitants would not be safe for 80,000 with doable the number of patients. Would it not be wise for the Corporation to select some other site in a less popul- -0114 neiebbeurhood. If posterity had to pay, for this hospital posterity ought to be considered. The MAYOR: We are considering the people of to- day

But we are leaving debts for

Alderman BOLTON: posterity to pay. Councillor ROGERS supported the minutes ef the com- mittee. The previous night, he had a conversation with a lady who had lived next door to the hospital for 20 yeara• She had brought up a large family, and had seen thousands of patients pass leo the hospital, but not one of her children had ever had a day's sickness. Alderman Suwon said they had passed a resolution that so much money should be spent, and a further resolution approving of the extension. It was only now a question of cost. The Council then divided. Fivivoted for the amend- , ment—Alderman Bolton and Councillors James Evans, linnion, Plumpton and Bennett, the remainder against. The amendment was therefore declared to be lost, and the minutes were put and carried. Paving and Sewerage Committee. The State of Wilderspool Road. The DEPUTY-MAYOR, in movine the adoption of the minutes of the Paving and Sewerage Committee re- marked that with reference to what had been said about Wilderspool Causeway he might say that they had been very busy with street work in connection with the lay- ing of the electric conduits, but he was assured by the Borough Surveyor that by Monday or Tuesday next Wilderspool-road would be proceeded with. (Hear,hearo Councillor BEATON seconded. He said it was not the fault of the Paving and Sewerage Committee that the work had not been proceeded with, but of the commit- tee of which Alderman Francomb was the chairman— the Water Committee. (No, no, and laughter.) Councillor TINNION drew attention to the condition of the footpath in front of the Thewlis-3treet school, and said that during the last few days the children got their feet and clething wet. The DEPUTY-MAYOR said the curbs were now to hand, and the work would be proceeded with forthwith. Alderman Fa/a-moms said the Chairman ought to have explained that what Councillor Fleaton had said was ,wrong. (Laughter.) The minutes were approved. Loan from the Science and Art IDepartment The Ctnwron, at a meeting of the Museum, Library, Sea., Committte, reported that the following objects had been received on loan from the Science and Art Depart- ment :—Embroideries, casts, and electrotypes, chromo- lithographs, lee., 23 frames, for exhibition at the School of Art, for three months ; 51. lantern slides of furniture, for use at the Sehool of Are ; skeleton, models of parts of the body, miscroscope, to., for physical class ; lent fer three weeks. Indian pottery, Japanese pottery, Persian pottery, Indian metal-werk, 116 pieces, and 27 frames of drawings of fan mounts, stained glees, tee., being the annual loan to the Museum. The minutes were confirmed on the motion of the Maxon, seconded by Councillor GREENING. The Park Improvements. At a meeting of the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Com- mittee, the bathkeeper reported that tbe income from the baths for the past six weeks was £7 83 Bi., and for the corresponding period last year VI 3s; decrease 14s 4d. Thee following resolutions were also passed :—"That the thanks of the committee be given to Mr John Fairhurst, for the gift of a number of birds to the aviary ; that at the request of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee, so much of the park as is co-extensive with Kendrick-street be added to that street, so as to inciease the width thereof to 40 feet ; that the Town Clerk make the necessary application to the Local Government Board for thar sanction to the improvement ; and that a suitable pair of gates be erectee at the corner of Cros- field-street and Ilnadrick-street, and that the Borough Surveyor report as to the cost thereof." Alderman BOLTON, in moving the confirmation of the minutes. referred to the prepened erection of a gate in the Park at the corner of Parker-street and Crosfield- street. It was proeosed he said, to erect gates similar to those at the corner of Sankey-street and Crosfield street. They would be very suitable, and he hoped the Council would see its way to allow this matter to be carried out, as it would constitute a great improvement. Councillor Dr. CANNELL seconded. Alderman Suwon pointed out that the resolution in being worded "that at the request of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee so much of the land, &c., was an adroit movement to saddle the Street Improvement Committee with the cost. (Laughter.) Councillor Snsw GREEN asked the Chairman to explain the resolution which referred to tir Town Clerk making application to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the improvement. The Maeon said it was because of the surrender of land !Aught for the purpose of a park for a street improvement. Councillor TINNION : Is the entrance in Kendrick- street to be closed, or is this to be an additional entrance ? Alderman BOLTON: Lu additiooal entrance. The minutes were approved. Obstructions in the River. At a meeting of the Rivers Committee the Borough Surveyer havine reported certain obstructions in the river, it was resolved that he serve notice on the Ship Canal Company to remove the same.

The minutee were approved on the motion of the Mayor. Total Attendances at the Gymnasium.

At a meeting of the Gymnasiun2 Committee it wae re- ported that the total attendance at the clams during the following months was • November, 8,644 ; Decem- ber, 3,659 ; total, 12,303. It was reported that the Ete- mentnry School Children's third annual drill competition would take place on Monday, 26:.h February next. Councillor TINNION moved the adoption of the minutes. Councillor JAMES Evan seconded, and it was agreed

===== 0002601_19000112_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19000112_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

s g S 0; 4. .4

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

c 0 A .

aREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

Electric Likhting.

At a meeting of be Electric Liglating Committee it was resolved that Mr. W H Grires late, of Hammersmith be appointed temporary electrical engineer and cork of works at £3 103 per week; and that the following scale of charges for electric lighting be adopted :--6d. per unit for the first 1 hours per day per quarter, 3d per unit after the first It hours per day per quarter. Councillor Moenrs, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, with the exception of one referring to the charges or the light, said the matter had become rather more complieated in consequence of the quetition of wiricg for customere,and it was advisable to re-consider it. Several suggestions had also been made regarding a hire-purchase system, Alderman FAIRCLOUGNE seconded. Councillor GREENING said he was sorry that Councillor Monks had thought it necessary to withdraw the minute. IHe hoped the committee were not going to ask for any more money. The prices stated were very favourable: He would like to know when the light would be ready, and also what the committee were likely to charge for power. He hoped the charge would be a reasonable one. The MAYOR said that Councillor Monks would bring op the whole queetien of charges at a later meeting. Councillor GREENING expressed the hope that the charges would not be altered. Councillor MONKS said they had had no experience as te what the cost was, and he was not able to give an opinion. It had been publicly stated that the cost of producing electric light in Manchester was I•sd. per unit and in Liverpool len per unit. Be hoped in a month's time to give a complete report on the whole question. With regard to the question as to when the light would be ready, he might say that they had not yet received permission from thG Local Government Board to do anything. (Laughter.) They were doing what they could-to secure their permission4and if the engineers would keep to their promises there was no reason why the power shoald nOt be available by next July or Auguet—at least in good time for next winter. (Hear, hear.) rho minutes were then approved. Purchase of Land at Howley. The New County Rate Basis.

At 3, meeting of the above committee, Mr. William Owen' having reported in favour of the new Feathers Hotel being self-contained within its own walls, it was resolved that his recommendation be agreed ; that Alderman Roberts be elected a representative Governor of the Warrington Grammar school; that the Town Clerk be authorised to appeal against the New County Rate Ba.is ; and that a plot of land containing 15,500 square yards or thereabouts, adjoining the site of the Electricity Works in Howley be purchased'froin Messrs. Fairclough ad Sons at 111 per square yard,aed 25 years' purchase. The Corporation to bear the cost of paving for the full width thereof, the now street to be cnn- ' structed at the South-east and co-extensive with the said plot of land. Mr. Ruddocli certified that the illum- inating power of gas for the month of November was 17.82 candles. The DEPUTY-MAYOR moved the adoption of the minutes. Ceuncillor HEATON seconded. Councillor MoNils said there was no reason why the charge for the land referred to should be put upon the Electricity Committee. They did not really require ic,, and would not for years to come. The MAYOR said the charge would not be so placed. The minutes were then approved. The Seating in the Council Chamber. .

The MAYOR at the conclusion of the business said he would like to have the views of the members respecting the re-arrangement of the seats of the members, which had been tried as an experiment that evening. The re-arrangement did not give general satisfaction. Some members complained of draughts. The reporters were placed at the back of the room and it was with difficulty that the members of the Council could be heard. _ _

The MAYOR said they would try the new arrangemen :or a, meeting or two. The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
IS YOUR LIFE VALUABLE?

Then when you have caught a chill don't say—" it is nothiJg," for health aid life are in danger. Dread cases of pneumonia and horrifying consumption have been traced to one common little cold. Send for some Lavans Lund Linctus at once. A dose in time will pre- vent a cold, and a few doses we guarantee will cure a bad cough, a sore or relaxed throat, and will restore to strength and vigour again those bronchial tubes, on the health of which depends so much. Lavans Lung Linctus will prevent complications such as bronchitis and asthma. Be sere you get it. May be had from all chemists, co-operative stores, and medicine vendors.— Pest free is. ltd., 2s. 9d., and Is. 6d.. from the proprie- tors, Green and Company, Chemists.:Bolton. Mrs. Clegg, Sockburn, Darlington, has pleasure in stating that Lavans Lung Linctus, which she got from Messrs. Green and Co., for her daughter has been most beneficial, having cured a bronchial cough which at times has been wilt painful to witness. Mr. J. Hogg, of 25, Upper Kent-street, Preston, says : I was induced by a, friend to try your Lavans Lung Linctus, when I was suffering from a bad influenza cold which caused me to lose my rest. I, with some doubt, bought a small bottle, and I am thankful to say one dose gave me relief, and in a few days I was perfectly free from any symptoms of cold.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. D. W. FINNEY.

The Funeral.

The grave closed over the remains of the deceased gentleman at noon last Thursday in St. Paul's Churchyard. A short service was conducted in St, Paul's Church by the Rev. E. It. Tarbuck (vicar). Several hymns were sung, the singing be- ing led by the choir under the conductorship of Mr. Wilkes. the organist and choirmaster. The ser- vice at the graveside was, wisely, brief and was conducted by the Rev. H. V. Figot, vicar of St. Thomas's and formerly vicar of St. Paul's. A large number of the deceased's friends and acquaintances witnessed the last rites. Amongst these present were: Mr R G S Finney, Mr A P Finney, of Edgbas- ton, Mr M Glover and Mr 11 Glover (nephews), Mr John Glover (son-in-law), Mr It J Chorley and Mr W Chantry (churchwardens), Messy John Dew- hurst (National Schools), E Wallington (People's College), A Carney (Wycliffe Schools), J W Parker (Heathside Schools), T Gordon (Foregate School Bolton), T Amos (Hamilton-street, School), Denni- son (Pupil Teachers Central Cleves), Emson Strettle, and Malcolm (assistants at Heatlsside Scholls), Mrs Gracey (assistant mistress), Mr. Thomas Tanstall, (actuary Warrington Savings Bank), Messrs T Birchall, J.P., W D Jeans J Smethurst,jun.,P Grime,ll J Johnstone, Dennis James Critchley, F A J Jenkins, W Richardson, J Rich ardson,R Norman,and George Smith. The follow- ing were present on behalf of the Gilbert Greenall Lodge No. 1250, of which the deceased gentleman was a member:—Bros J RGriffiths,W.M., W Chantry 1.P.M., W Taylor. P.M, P.Pr, G.S.B, treasurer, E Rose, P.M, P.Pr, D.G, DC, secretary, WH J Jenkins P.M., John Baird, P.M., Joseph Shillcock, P.M., Thomas Hutchinson, P.M„ William Belhan. William Rogers, John Mawson, C G McDowell, E Place, J. Waldron, G Beswick, John Hedgcock, W Heins- worth. and It Chadwick. The Lodge of Lights No. 148 was represented by Bras. II F Greenough, P.M.; treasurer, Grime, P.M., P Pr., G.D., Waring, Leigh, McGregor. and Critchley, S.D. Letters of apology for non attendance were received from Bros RH Pearson J liesketh,andJ Emson. The coffin was of polished oak with brass mountings, and bore the inscription " David William Finney died January 1, 1900, aged 67 years." The follbwing sent floral tributes :--Wreaths on the coffin from the widow, his children, Mr Glover, . and Mr and Mrs Dewhurst. Other wreaths from ' Mr Finney of Edgbaston, Mr and Mrs Milling, Mr and Mrs Thomas Tunstall, " An old scholar," Mr Kershaw, r Thomas Leigh,Rev J Addison Hannah, Mr W R Hannah, sister and brother-in-law, Mr R Lowe, Florrie and Frank, fr and Mrs J Clarke, Mr and Mrs R G Henshall, Mr and Mrs Peter Leigh,and Mr and Mrs George Smith.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT.

Take VENO'S LIGHTI:IING COUGH CURE. It Stops an ordinary cough in one night, and cures chronic coughs, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, influenza and whooping cough rapidly. Its vast superiority over the different emulsions and ordinary cough mixtures cannot be esti- mated. It has saved thousands of lives after they have been turned out of hospitals. It is a new scientific 'remedy endorsed by medical men. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, and see that VOLI get it, price is 11.1 and 24 9d rer bottle (copyright). Sold by iblowing chemists :—AsifroN. KNOWLES, WRlTingto/11: WALLBRIDGE, St. Helen ; PEAKE, Earlestown an d Newton; Foootrr, Widnes; WEsTorr, Runcorn ; andfai chemists.

' COAGULTNEI Cement for broken articles, 6. and is.; Postage Id. Sod everywhere, Home and Abroad.— Advt.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD • FOLK'S TREAT.

Dinner and Tea at the Parr Hall.

The old men's dinner and aged womea's tea is an old inetitution which few would care to see aban- doned. To say that it is appreciated by the aged poor of the town, would be putting it mildly, for by some it is looked upon as a " lied Letter "day in their lives. The committee which has the ar- rangements in hand consists of a number of well known local& gentlemen, Alderman Sutton being the president,eir P Chrimes,the treasurer,end Alderman J E Wright and Mr T A Sutton, the hon secretaries. This year's treat was held last Thursday in the Parr Hall and it is perhaps a sign that there is less dis- tress in the town, that the number of those who at- tended was a considerable decrease on previous years. At n00n,260 old nests their ages rengiug from 60 to 85 at down ti an eaceilent rapast, and needless to say ample justice was done to the abundance of good things pro- vided. The fare consisted of roast joints, the mat be- ing of the hest, potatoes and other vegetables, plum pudding, and bread and cheese, and each man was allowed a quantity of beer. After dinner pipes and packets of tobacco were handed round. The catering was in the bands of Mr and Mrs R Shackleton and gave the greatest satisfaction, as was shown by the smiling faces of those who partook of the spread. Amongst these who attended during the morning were the Mayor (Alderman Henry Roberts), the Rector (Rev Canon Willis), the Revs E C E Carleton. A S Cameron and Fathers Folding and Whittle, Alderman and Mrs J E Wright, Alderman Sutton, Coun- cillors Burton, Alfrei Jolley, Smethurst, and Dr Connell Mr and Mrs D Fanshaw, Mr T Longdin, Mr George Pilliee, Mr H Tof t. Mr C Madely, Captain Waring. Mr Firers. Thornton, Mr John Sampson, Mr M Knowles,Miss Gibbons, Miss Gimes Burchall, Mrs Smethurst, Mrs Pilling, Mrs Banks and many others. Mr W S Woods played a number of selections on the organ. At the nu- clei eon of the meal Alderman SUTTON in the course of a few remarks said he hoped they bad 411 heartily enjoyed their dinner and in the name of the committee he had much pleasure in wishing them a very happy and prosperous New Year. (Hear, hear.) They had new arrived at the year 1900, and although they might not have reached the twentieth century he hoped that they should all meet again next year when at all events, they would have lived until that eventful period. When they met in that hall last year he ventured to express the belief that the New Year would be a prosperous one, that there would be lgood work and good wages for ever, becly and be was very incased to think that his wish had ben gratified, for he believed that the past year had been a prosper- ous and successful one for eeeryone of them. Notwithstanding that the country was now eugateed in the unfortunate war which had broken out in South Africa, he still sincerely honed that the same prosperity would continue and that they would enjey the the same plentiful harvest during toe present year ae they had done in the past. He must remind them that on the occasion of those gatherings they never missed drinking the health of Her Majesty the Queen and never, in his opinion was there an occasion during the long period of Her Majesty's reign when their sympathies were more necessary or desirable than at the present time. What Her Majesty's anxiety as to the success of her soldiers and the honour of Great Britain must to. could be better imagined than described. He hoped the war would aeon be brought to a happy close without much bloodshed,and that peace and prosperity wouldreie,nover the land not only during the remainder of Her Majesty's reign, but for a very leng period to come. Referring to the state of the town he said that if they required any evidence to prove to them that there was not so much want among the working people this year as there had been before, he thought it was quite evident from the fact that they had not the number present that day within nearly ose hundred, as they bad on the previous year. He must say there was a great improvement at all events in their appearance, and it showed that they had not suff .red so many hardships during the past year as they had endured during former years. (Applause.) The toast was heartily drunk, and the company sang the National Anthem, Mr. D. Fanshaw taking the solo. Alderman WRIGHT said he was very pleased to be amongst them and wished them with all heartinecs a happy New Year. (Applaute.) The RECTOR after expressing his pleasure at being afforded the opportunity of speaking on that occasion, said he wanted them, to think of three things for a moment. The first was their national interest. There never was a time when they were more interested than at present in the affairs of the nation. Most of them were old men, and perhaps they coati recollect the Crimean War and the Indian Mutiny. Since then there had never been a time of greater anxiety to the Govern- ment and to all of them. Ile thought they had every hope that by God's blessing lasting peace and good Government would be secured. They were all immensely interested in the affairs of the town. Menicheelinterest at the present time must enema() and interest them all. They had seen wonderful improvements in Warrington during the last ten years, or even since he came to the town. If the programme which had been announced was carried out they should have wonderful chances in the next ten years,which he hoped they would all live to see. They were told that they were to have electric light, electric trams, a new water works, new bridges and wider streets, and perhaps many other improvements. He only hoped that the cost of all these things would not feel upon them but utters younger men better able to bear the burden. The Rector then referred to their personal individual and re- lieious interests. He thought he must congratulate them all upon their moderation that day. Sobriety was one of the great virtues they had to try and encourage and he hoped their examples might be for the good of the younger generation. In conclusion he hoped that in the next ten years, or in much shorter time there might be a better observance of God's Day. Ile wished them a very happy New Year—(applatne)—aed propossd avote of thanks to the committee and those who had prepared the dinnsr. One of the old men seconded the motion and several expressed their gratitude to the committee and to the ladies, One of them declared that" the dinner was good enough for the Queen to s:t down to." Such a dinner he never had in his life. Alderman SUTTON responded on behalf of the coat- naittee. Mr. P. CHRIMES also addressed the gathering and wished the old men a happy and prosperous New Year, (Applause.) Mr. GEORGE &errs then gave an effictive recital of the "Absent.minded Beggar" and the sineiug of "The Soldiers of the Queen" by M. Faoshew concluded the proceedings. At 5.30 in the afternoon about three hundred women aged from 60 to 94, were regaled with a substantial tea, and afterwards the usual entertainment was held. Alderman Sutton presided and the Mayor and Mayoress were also present There was a. large attendance of the public, and an interesting and varied programme was submitted. The proceedings commenced 'with the hearty singing of the National Anthem by all present, Mr D Fanshaw taking the sole. Songs by Mr George Clay, Mr Beale, ad Mr L Aukland, dances by Miss Arline Harrison aed party, and ventriloquial 1 sketches by Mr A Grounds followed and were all well re ceived.tdi A Grounds was particularly successful with his contributions. Mr W S Woods presided at the organ and Mr W H Payton ably accompanied. During the interval, Mr George Smith rscited Hipline's " Absent- minded Beggar" and a collection was made. The Chairman and Councillor Smethurst having addressed the meeting ThetMeeoa in the count) of a short speech, said he was very pleased to be present that evening as he had never had the pleasure of spending much time at those gatherings. Personally he was very much obliged to the ladies and gentlemen who engaged themselves in preparing for those dinners and teas. They were all very fond of old Warrington, especially those who had been born in the town, and, at the same time those peeple who had not been born in Warrington, but who had come to reside there, had got quite inoculated with a love for the place. He was gladito see the number of old people present was not so numerous as formerly as it showed that the prosperity of the town had been greater during the past year than it had been for some time. His old friend would say that was Irceuse they had a Tory Government in offies. but it was clear all people did not agree on that point. They bad. however, an improved condition of things. At the present time they were under a cloud because of the sad war in Soath Africa. Pr end as he was of Wartington, he never was so proud as he was now, to see how splendidly the townspeop e had re- sponded with regard to the subscriptions to the war fund. They had shown a determination that the wives and children of the men who had gone out so bravely to do the work of the Empire should net suffer during their hus- bands and fathers absence. He hoped that Institutien which had been carried en in Warrineton so successfully for fifty years, might co venue for fifty times as many years, and that the old folks whose circumstanees in life might not have been so prosperous as their fellow citizens, would not be forgotten at Christmas time, when all tried to be mere or less happy and bright. (Ap- plause).

- .a.e5A OAIPR, YRRMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE fo Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseas Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confiden, recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, "it certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medic skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testimnnial sold everywhere, at 2s. 9dp.er bottle. Be.ware of worthies imitations and substitutes.—Advt. (3)

===== 0002601_19000112_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
---

===== 0002601_19000112_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND'S TEA

IS THE TEA • FOR THE NEW CENTURY.

The "Daily Mail" War Corns; pona'ent says that just before the order to retire was given at the battle of Colenso, the Dublin Fusiliers had been preparing for a bayonet charge, the men standing up to inspire each other with confi- dence and shouting "Let's make a name for ourselves."

And that is what BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD., have already done: By their straight business methods an enterprise they have won the confidence of the Ladies of the Land, and "made a name for themselves" and for their Teas.

Now, wouldn't you like to make a name for yourself—a name that will attest your distinction in household management and your judgment and refinement of taste in tea?

Begin then the New Year well: purchase none but Brooke, Bond's Tea, for it is well known that a small teaspoonful of "Brooke, Bond's" is stronger and better than a large spoonful of other tea. Brooke, Bond's Tea is acknowledged to be the most delicious teA for the Home: the tea that cannot be surpassed for fragrance, richness and body.

No afternoon call is complete without a cup of Brooke, Bond's Tea.

Yes, Two Miflion People (2,000,000 people) drink Brooke, Bond's Tea every day. Wouldn't you like to become the 2,000,00i5t?

Brooke, Bond's, delightfully, fragrant and refreshing tea only costs 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/- and 2/4 per lb. nay be obtained from one of BRooNE, 's 30,003 AGENTS near you, or from .BRooKE, BOND ,5,7 CO.'S Tea Ware- houSos : Manchester, Leeds, Bradford and London.

,

BOND

DON'T ac:;E.7. BEHIND

T 4 C ri'J riJl If •

BUY BROOV.:E, BOND'S TEA.

It is so delightfully fragrant and refreshing. Ve,=, it is so delightfully fragrant and fro::;hing.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ANGLERS'

ASSOCIATION,

Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the above association was held on Tnursday last weekot the Druids Hall,Sankey-street, and was well attended. The chair was occopied during the earlier part of the evening by Ifr. L. Greening, and later by Mr. J. Lyon Whittle. Amongst others present were Cvunciilor James Evans, Mes:irs G. S. Srneeth, secretary of the Woreley Canal Boare,T Driver,secretary of the County Palatine Anglers' Association, Manchester J. Mawson, E. Gilb..trt, H. Kent, J. M. Ma,yhall, W. A.

Proud, etc. The annual report was submitted and showed the association to be in a very flourishing condition. It stated that the total number of members, including 22 members of the juvenile branch was 386. As illustrating the popularity of the aseo- elation member bad jsined it from 32 town- ships of Lancashire and Cheshire. With reference to their oldest private water, that at Mickle Trafford, the committee regretted that they had to repeat their remarks of last year, "that the fishing had been an absolute failure." The weeds had in places almost blocked up the watercourse, thus rendering successful angling almost out of the question. The Lymm water had not fished so well during the year- The fish there did not come on the feed till late le the season and the committee by way of improving the fishing had determined to introduce new stock. In the last annual report, mention was made of negotiations being then carried on for the right of fish- ing in another water. The committee had now to say that their efforts had been succes3ful, and they had secured the length of the riser Rollin, from Bollington Mill to Warburton Mill, on bath sues of the river, and from Warburton Mill to the Ship Canal on the Warburtun side. These rights had been obtained on most advantageous terms. When the transfer had been completed they at once sot about stocking the water, and obtained from the Wyresdale Fishery Co., 1,000 yearling Rainbow trout, which arrived in the pink of condition, au i they were placed in the river without the loss of a single fish. Quite recently, through the muni- ficence of their est_pmed Cflairmau, Mr J Lyon Whittle, they had feceived two consignments of splendid trout. comprising Rainbow, Loch Lovuns, I and Farb:), ranging up co a pound in weight, to the number of 700. 'these nere duly transferred to the River Rollin with but the les of three fish. Arrange- ments were also being m a for the puichase of 20,000 Patio o va,which the Cas .rinan (Mr. Whittle) had kindly consented to hatch our fer them ; 1,000 of these, he prc. sented to the associatiee. It was only due to the Cnair- man that they should seeress their appreciation of the splendid gift be had leads to the society. Their best thanks were also due to their esteemed President Mr. E. M. Crosfield who so successfully conducted the negotiations tor the requisition of that water. With re- ference to the Old Quay Canal, ill luck had again de- prived them of a very valuable .fishing ground. ORiug to pumping operations at Walton Arches an unusual quantity of bad water rushed into the canal and destroyed a considerable number of fish: The River Weaver, generally had not been productive of very good sport during ths past season ; in fact,all local waters had yielded but indifferent sport: The Moulton Parish Council had approached the London and North- Western Railway Co., with a view to a station being erected at Newbridge, but so far, they had not receivlct a definite reply. Should a petition ;,o the Company th found necessary it was to be hoped that all Lancashire anglers would support it, as a station at that point would give easy access to a long reach of excellent fishing ground. Too committee had been occupied with a proj!ct to enclose the fish in the Lymm water and also to prevent the inrush of the bad water from the Ship Canal. A general outline of the work was prepared and submitted to experts for au estimate of the cost. This was placed at such a large figure as to render the project • abselutely beyond our means and for the present the idea was abandoned. The angling contests of the past year had been fairly successful, the attendances being some what better than in previous years and consequently more valuable prizes were competed for. In conclusion the committee appealed with confidence for support,. with the assurance that they had only the best interests of the members at heart and an earnest iledre to place the Associetion on a firm footing and raise it to the highest standard of efficiency. (Ape' slue.) ELECTION OF ()EMUS.

The following officers were elected,:—PrAsident Mr. E M Crosfiell, comMittee Messrs J Lyon Whittle, Lin Greening, J Bancroft, T Nickson, J J Bailey, E Gilbert, G Boscow, H Kent, W A Proud, J Mawsin, J Mayhall, J Reynolds, W 11 G.indy, and P Eyes; secretary. Mr P Knight; assistant Secntary, Mr F J Emson; treasurer, Mr A ; secretary of Benevolent fund, Mr J M May- hall. _ ,

===== 0002601_19000112_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE LIST!

PtiZO3 were distributed to the following :—Roach (As4ociation), 1, Joseph Shep -.r:rd ;2, Samuel Thomas ; roach (foreign), 1, Peter Tay!or, sanior ; 2. Wm Wood ; perch (association), 1, Walter Shaw; 2, F Summers ; perch (foreign), 1, S Thomas ; 2, W Wood ; dace (association), 1, flfnry Green; 2. J Green ; dace (foreign), 1. W Uusworth ; 2, W Wood ; bream (foreign), 1. J Mawrlino ; 2, w Bite; , pike (association). 1, Thomas Ashurst, 2, 0 Shaw; pike, (foreign), 1, W Wood, 2, J Clare; gudgeon (association), 1, T F Clare, 2, F Shaw; gudgeon (foreign). 1, T Edirards, 2, J Briars ; carp (a.ssociation). 1, J Boyle; trout (is3o&atioo)3 1, J Green, 2, J lloultrarn ; trout (foreign), 1 Peter Moores, 2, 8 Thomas : grayling (foreign), 1, W Wood, 2 W Bolton ; chub, 1, S R Lodge; chub (foreign), 1, E Gilbert, 2. S Thomas ; Barbel (foreign), 1, F Shaw, 2, F Sh tw ; Rudd (association), 1, P Knight, 2, P Knight.

TO THE DEAF.—A gentleman who cured himseltof deafness and Noises in the Head after fourteen years suffer ing will gladly send full particulars of the remedy, on receip of stampsd addressed envelope.—P. CLLrrow, Amberle House. Strand, London, W.C.—Advt. VALUABLE DIKOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR liEwitwEn, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well plornoting the ,growth. Price 3s 6d per bottle. —, dot CAUTION —COnoll.9.—The only medicine which give Immediate ease to the most violent cough, asthma, c..s DR Locacit's PULMONLIC WAFERS, as the shortest trial will prove. They taste pleasantly. Nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's rest. Their efficiency In all die: orders of the breath and lungs is wonderful. In hysterical and heart comphints they are unfailing, in rheumatic and nervous pains "they act like a charm." To singers and pbtic speakers they are invaluable for clearing and strength- ng the voice. Price Is. lid., 26. 9d.,40. 6d. and lls, per b. ld siy all medi3ine vendors.—Advt. (3) The Royal Laundresses say Critchlev's " Scalion GLOSS. istrioqualled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched liwn, with either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— Corawall, says :—Xy wife will not finish our linen without your •I Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear Sir. —I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so- called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be need in ever& house. Sold at id., 3d and 6d by most starch seller . If not in stock will pro- cure it. T. °MOBLEY, Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19000112_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4,

===== 0002601_19000112_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEI

===== 0002601_19000112_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?

===== 0002601_19000112_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
one 44 grainintr " berttic • THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Ushed every Saturday morning. Trig Eariestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrELE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday I afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published 'every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday -I morning

PRIAPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six ord. Wee!:. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 is 6d ... 3s 8d ... 6s Od

===== 0002601_19000112_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
(=Wit btrbants,

BLACKPOOL, MINIMAL. clean. active, Wanted, about 18.—Address, Mrs. HORROCES, 61, Chapel-street.

WANTBD, good GENERAL, 20 to 25.—Apply GREEN- FIELD HOtYSE, Boleld-street, Pemberton, Wigan.

+ I 'WO good GBNBRALS Wanted at once.—STorr's Regis- try, 2, Peers-street, Pandlebury (Station-road. Man- chester. •

FREE to SERVANTS. NO general and yenng girls at once; fare paid.—Saaw, 92, Dockwirth-street, Darwen.

- WANTED Good General SERVANT. to do plain cooking, small wash, two in family.—Apply 69, TALBOT- STREET, Southport.

WANTED. Female FARM SERVANT; must have good character. —Apply Mrs, WOESLEY, Lower Wenshead Farm, Damen.

WANTED young GENERAL; two in family; small wash.—SMITH. 1, Eeston Avenue, Albert-road. With- ington, Manchester.

WANTBD, good House GBNERAL ; Also steady Waggoner. Gcod wages,—S. VEAL. Lostock Hall, Urmston, Manchester.

WANTED, USEFUL HELP for farmhouse, accustomed to children, able to milk.--Apply, Mrs. THORNHILL, Barthomley, near Crewe.

LADIRS wishing to obtain good bervants, and dervants good Situations.—Apply, Miss HEJTH, Registry 73, Aston-street, Wem, halop.

WANTED, good GENERAL STIRVANT ; able to wash; comfortable borne; references.—Address Mrs. ALLEN, 183, Middleton-road, Oldham.

, WARTED, a good strong girl as GENERAL. Good home, Age about 16.-341 rs. HUMPHRIES, 159, Oak- field-revd, Everton. Liverpool,

WANTRD, immediately, good BXRVANTS, all classes of ladies quickly suited. Stamp for reply.—Miss PAR- soxs, Registry, Whitchurch, Salop.

WANTED, GIRL to assist ia housework ; aged 14; family of three ; good home for suitable ABBOTT, 90, King-street, Blackburn.

urANTED, GENERAL or working HOUSEKEEPER; two in family ; washing arranged; £l4 to £l6 ; place of trust.—Mrs. BRACH, Mayfleli Cottage, Macclesfield.

WANTED, GENERAL; tall; superior; good home; wages £lB ; gentleman's country house; man kept.— CoUrCLLLoB WHITEHOVBE, Higher Disley, near btoekport.

WANTBD GENERAL, to do pn ng lai cooki and part washinl ; Protestant ; good references ; housemaid kept.—State age, apply, Dr. HAMER, The Square, Tyldesle7. Lancashire.

WANTED. a young Woman, not more than 25; as COOK-'3BNICRAL, for one; Housemaid Waitress kept wages £lB. Miss PICKUP, Albert Terrace, Old Trafford. Manchester.

NsTANTED General SERVANT ; Country Girl ter Public House; age about 20 ; able to wash; wiges 5s per week.—Apply 1 and 3, WRATEURN STREET, Spekeland-road, Edgehill, Liverpool. WANTED for #,February 14th, a Strong Active GULL, 15 or 16, to • a Farm House, one that could milk would be preferred.—Apply Mrs. JOSEPH FAIECLOUGH, Birches, Tudor], near Bolton.

WANTED immediately three good COOKS, six Generals, Kitchen Malts, Housemaids, Barmaids, Waitresses. Parlourmaids.—Apply at once Mrs. HARDCASTLE, Grosvenor Chambsrs, Chester.

WANTED General SERVINT, young, for small family. country Girl preferred ; comfortable home ; refer- ences required.—Apply Mrs. LOLY, 5, Egerton Crescent, Withington near Manchester.

?VI ALE and F EMALE NURSES ININTITUTION, 70, Hope- AL street. laverpool.—Estahltshed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. tpply or telegripb.--• ' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone. 5.0

===== 0002601_19000112_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta.

GBNTS wanted to push first-class Diachinery OILS ; _Li liberal commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool. _

WAR MEDAL 3 WANTICD. dated 1848 or earlier. 1892 or 1 tter ; also last Arctic ; 23 each given.-111Arou To 31138 Droitwich.

_ I; ANTED, a Steady' MAN, as working farm Bailiff.— Vi'Apply W. CLIFF. Moat Farm, Ochre Hill, Tipton, Staffordshire.

WANTED. at ( nee a strong respectable YOUTH, 16, one able to milk. Apply, JOSEPH FAIRCLOUGH. Birches, TFrton, near Bolton. ASSIST-ANT, Art s'), for 2nd or 3rd Standard, WA. can play harmonium.—Rev. W. O'REILLY, WhO s Lancashire. Itriet, Wanted good reliable eSERVANTS, all classes. 011 Blaexpool and cu. Also Working Barmaid.-60, .t LYTHAM-1101D, Blackpool. - 'n

WANTRD, anted 18,3. or earlier, Al 1 V give ; aide round Arctic-Red. River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele, ft.—MARA TOMBS, DlO.tuneh• QT. LUKB'S Mixed School, Blackburn.—Wanted, Assist. 0 ant Master, singing and drawing; salary Vlo.—Address the VICAR.

INANTED early in January, an Ex P.T. State Salary and full particulars.—K. K., " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

FIIOI3ACCONIA3 Commencing.—See hid. Guide (259 1 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Huston-road, London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates (rec.—Mgr H. MYERS.

BIRMINGHAM GOODS, Furniture, Bassinettes Wringers, Toys, Hardware, Jewellery, Watches, &a. AGENTS WANTED. Wholesale book free. HENRY MAY. Birmingham.

WIFE of Headmaster public school (seaside) would take charge of child, any age, to bring up with own family ; undeniable references,--)EtTER, Advertising Agency, 15. West-street, Soho, London. W.C. WANTED for prompt cash OLD FALSE rEETH AND OLD BROKEN JEWELLERY. such as Watches, Chains, Rings. Brooches, Bangles, also Antique Curios, War Medals, China and Fine Arts etc., by the LIVERPOOL GOLD and SILVER DEPoT, 13, Chicago Buildings,64, Stanley, et, Liverpool, who will give you the best Market Prices f .ame.

Y?ANTBD IN CANADA. CAPITALISTS, persons with ••goderate incomes, Farmers, Farm Labourers, young men desiring to learn farming, and Domestic Eervants, for whom special arrangements are made.

FRER GRANTS OF LAND in Manitoba and the North West. No Rent. The grain crop of Manitoba alone in 1899 was 55,619.764 bushels. Crown Lands in other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. Free Schools. Low Taxes Healthy climate. Reconi Trade and Record Revenue in 1899 Pamphlets, Maps. reliable information and advice on all matters of interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion. may be obtained gratis and post free on application to the Allan, Dominion, or Btaver (Elder, Dempster & Co.) Lines ; or their local Agent.; the Canadian Pacific Railway Co., or to the Canadian Govern- ment Agency, 15, WATER-STREET. Liverpool. Correspondence and personal interviews invited. Lectures given FREE. Lantern Slides loaned.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be let.

PENRETH.—Cottages 4s. ad., 39. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week MILL-STREET.—Several Suites offices. 33, BRIDGE STREET. LARGE DOUBLE Front SHOP, Warehouse Ste.. principal position in town, rent moderate. CATHERINE STREET,(near Bewsey Road, 6 roomed house, decorated, rent 49 3d rer week. tkpply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

Q HOP TO LET, good po.lthn, ?liftable for any light trade; rent low.—Apply 49, HIGH-STREET. Golborne.

O LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE . rents 4s. Apply Ml. WOODS SON. solicitors. Horseraarket-at., Warring- ton.

Fro LBT.—LARGE ROOM, Orford-street ; rent £2O. Apply WOODEI & SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— 1- Apply WOODS k SON. Solieitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

MO LET, STA.BLE ani COACII-HOUSE. with lofts over J. large yard attached off Tannerr-lane.—Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, 55, Horsem irket-street. Warrington.

MO LET HOUSE and SHOP Winwick-road,Orford, 8s clear J. good connectinn with average turnover of £lB a week. —Apply A. W. HOWARD, Kendrick-atreet, Warrington. --_—___

QOUTHPORT.—To be Let. good Furnished house ; nice 0 gardens; indoor w.c. ; south aspect, 'bus passes door; good locality. Terms moderate.—Address 129, PORTLANDsTREET, Southport. , —....--..,

PRIMING FOR CRICKET CLU BS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, 4 4EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

halts; bp Vribatt treatp.

ENCHES, Carpe,ters. with vices ss. tit any table, lists free.--an & Co., Finibury. London.

1) EDUCED VITALITY.—Herb cure Treatise for one stamp 11) —Joins DODD. 60, Magdalen-yard. Road Dundee.

pRESENTS.—Large illustrated list electrical and mechan- ical Novelties 2d,—T. W. Stmgn, South Tottenham.

FiIRTWORK, Tools and Materials. frirnes 64, saws id dozen, wood 3d foot. designs ld.--SYER 8; Co., below.

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON T COUGH-USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S CO UGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. u TTERLY UNRIVALLED. Esi:ld everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt of tamps from THOMAS KHATING, Chemist, London.

D lIPTURB, sueoes9ful treatment:distress caused by trinses overcome—Stamp Baows.ll,Greenbank-road,Roebdale.

30r0t5, earriagels, Szt.

10 pIANO by Broadwood slag eons, rosewood case, ivory keys suitable for school, cottage, or mission room, £2O or upon the easy payment system £2l. WILLIAR LEA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET.

ATANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS.

STRINGS, of the Finest Quality.

ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, RBCEIPT BOOKS, MADE TO ORDER PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS,

THE " EXAMIXER WORKS IiEWSEY-STREET

SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRA.MMES,&c. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, SW. Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues, Conditions of Sale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, &e. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Boeks,Note Headlngs,Memorandums,VVork Notes,Bill Heads, Business Visiting and Mourning Cirds, Handbills, &c. Solicitors, Merch,Lnts, Manufacturer s,Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trial.

JOHN WALKER AND CU., EXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19000112_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.

m ANCHESTER GRAMMAR, SCHOOL

FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY, JANUARY. lthit, 1900. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION MONDAY, JANUARY 15TH at 9 a.m.

Prospectuses, Forms of Application, &c., may be.had at the School.

N.B. -Tbe Boarding-house in connection with the School is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN, W. COX Receiver.

tontp.,

:‘,;k`JYL PM& Esta At blied 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANCHRST ER, Ardwick, Longsight,land Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

.oattsin,%maim.

BY MR. H. SUTTOX.

A'hareo

THE EVA MIN Ell .

JANUARY 12TH, 1900.

l.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS WRIGHT,

FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STERL SAFE MAKER

35, WEST-STREET, OFF

WIN WICK-ROAD,

WARRINGTON.

PURE QUININE,

is P-ACKBT for 3d. Full direations on the Box.

OMNINE PILLS,

le. PACKBT. for 3d.

AMMONIATED TINCTURE OF QUININE,

And all other Remedies sold at about Half the Usual Prices.

Pil YSICIAN'S PRESMIPTIONS

Carefully dispensed with Pure Drugs by fully qualified Chemists at an Immense Reduction from the Usual Rate.

INFLUENZA ! INFLUENZA! INFLUENZA!

HOW TO AVOID INFLUENZA !

The following remedies were very largely used during the influenza epidemics in previous years, and have been proved most efficacious in the prevention and cure of the complaint.

DR. ARMSTRONG'S INFLUENZA MIXTURE.

The hest known specific for the preven- time, relief, and cure of influenza. Price is. 6d. per Bottle for is, at

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, MARKET GATE, AND 35, BitIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON.

AFTER INFLUENZA brace up the system with a bottle of

DR. ARKSTRONG'S QUININE AND IRON .TONIC

A most powerful invigorator, streng- thening the nerves and improving the appetite, one of the best restoratives known. Price Zs. 9d. for Is. 11d. at

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS (SOLE AGENTS).

MR. BALFOUR has always Cheerful Fatalism, been regarded as a philo- sopher, but of late he has posed as a cheerful fatalist. His replies to criticisms, by no means wholly from one political side, have only served to provoke more antagonism, and that from his own side. He regards it as quite unnecessary to offer any apology whatever for the Government, and he has proceeded to develop an elaborate fatalistic argument. Mr. OHAINIRIMLAIN is the author of the phrase that war was "inevitable," and Mr, BALFOUR has tacked on to his argument two other inevitables. It was inevitable, he thinks, that we should be caught unprepared, and that blunders and disasters should occur to British troops in the field he also regards as inevitable. Surely never before was a Cabinet Minister driven to such des perate straits. Our diplomatic skill, our Parlia- mentary system, our military organisation, are all responsible only in so far as there is some fatal- ism at work. The Boers have organised an artillery, obtained European adventurers by thousands, secured successes in the field baffled an 1 beaten our generals, and Mr. BALFOUR looks on with cheerful fatalism at our ignorance, supineness, want of preparation, and incapacity to achieve any striking success. He does not believe that anybody can bo blamed. If our artillery was defective and not sufficiently abundant, if we were ignorant of the success of French gunrnakers in devising a big mobile gnu outranging anything in Europe, if we were caught napping, if we had done nothing to make invasion difficult, and if we selected a general who had to be superseded with- in two months of his arrival at the theatre of war, it was all part of the inevitable which sits so easily upon the strongest Ministry of modern times. It will be very difficult for patriotic Englishmen and for Englishmen who are not party politicians to have patience with such stuff and nonsense. The present Government had been duly warned of our artillery deficiencies, and it ought to have been fully informed of what the Transvaal was doing. It had been talking about a policy of" thorough" at the time its final attitude over the negotiations was assumed, and it deceived Parliament and the country as to the sufficiency of our military and financial preparations. Disasters in the field have proved, however, the defects of our prepara- tions, equipments, and strategy. Mr. BALFOUR calls these "inevitable incidents.' If we could accept this fatalistic explanation, we should be compelled by stress of logic to accept our final defeat in South Africa as equally inevitable, and all the spasmodic efforts now being made as de- monstrations of human folly. It is not in this spirit the coantry is rousing itself to action at the present moment. It believes that men are responsible for events, and that Ministers cannot shelter themselves behind any theory about the "inevitable." When the' time comes it will ex- press its opinions upon the conduct of the Colonial Office, the War Office, and the Treasury in no un-

certain tones,and if the Liberals had been stronger; more united, and more resolute, Parliament would not be in session'a month before it would hurl from office an incapable Government and its fatalistic apologists. It is the fate which has been deserved, and will only be postponed.

AN excellent demonstration University Representation. in favour of restoring University representation to its original idea has been made by Sir EDWARD FRY and Sir J. G. FITCH. The electors of London University have to elect a successor to Sir JOHN LUBBOCK, and the Liberal Unionists ,and the Liberals have selected candidates. Men of dis- tinction and personal influence, men eminent in literatute and science, men who are not notably party politicians,ought to find their way to Parlia- ment by the Universities. This is the argument, and its plausible character is obvious. Only on these grounds can we defend the continuance of University representation and the endowment of graduates with a vote over and above that which they have as residents in boroughs and counties. The contention is sound,but it comes too late. It did not hold good in Sir JonN LUBBOCK'S case, and only one or two cases have occurred in which it has been evident that something more than party politicians were enabled to enter the House of Commons. We have had vehement partisans, nearly all of one political colour, constantly returned by University electors. Men of light and leading have been as few and far between as angels' visits. We can run over the present repre- sentatives of the Universities. They all sit on one side of the House. They are all partisans, and some of them are not even men of eminence in science, literature, and the arts. The fact is that University representation has become an anomaly, and the sooner it comes to an end the better. It no longer serves any useful purpose, and the farce cannot be maintained that it enables eminent men to be returned who could not get into Parliament in any other way. The proof of this is to be found in the voting. Whenever a strictly party question comes up the University M.P.'s are always found supporting the Conservative side in politics. On education and scientific questions they do the same. The Whips of the party would rub their eyes and be astonished if some night all the men of "light and leading" in the present House of Commons, except Sir John Gorst, who is a member of the Adminis- tration, were to vote against the Government on some educational matter. This shews to what a degraded condition University tepresentation has come. We have endowed University graduates with a second vote ibecause it is assumed they are wiser than the ordinary electors. But when they elect M.P.'s who are as much partisans as the M.P.'s elected by the men in the street, where is the difference? In what way are the interests of science and culture better taken care of? There is hardly ever a contest for a University seat with- out some awkward question being raised. It is so now. Dr. Comarrs, the Liberal candidate, is so much of a London politician that he is objected to on that account. Is not Mr. CARSON a party politician? Have the M.P.'s for Cambridge and Oxford given half a dozen non-party votes since they were elected? The very arguments used against Dr. Comarts apply to Mr. BUSK, and they make our case so much the stronger. Happily, the time is near when University M.P.'s will cease to exist, because they are an anomaly and a dis- appointment.

Here and there powerful voices are making themselves heard in favour of merciful treatment for the revolted subjects of the Queen who, after being warned in the name of the Queen, rose up in rebellion, and were captured by Colonel Pilcher's column near Douglas. If by merciful treatment is meant a fair civil trial, nobody will be inclined to object. But if freedom from punish- ment after guilt has been made manifest is meant, we hope the Imperial authorities will be mindful of their obligations to the Empire at large, and refuse to entertain a plea so opposed to all hopes of good government. Is the loyal colonist who declines to rebel and has his farm devastated in revenge to be the only sufferer, while his neigh- bour who rebels not only keeps his goods intact but escapes without punishment also ? Anything so ridiculous would be flat incite- ment to rebellion. Moverover, we do not see why the customary penalty should net be inflicted upon captured rebels in its entirety. They have been blessed all their lives with good government under the Queen's sway; they have derived moral and material advantages from the Imperial connection which has helped to build up their prosperity. When in danger of being led away they were fairly warned, and they refused to obey the warning. They acted thus with their eyes wide open, and because of their own cupidity. They shot down I without remorse the soldiers of the Queen, whose subjects they were. A clearer case for severe punishment, supposing the disloyal acts are proved cannot well be imagined. If such punishment is not inflicted the crime of treason might as well be removed from the code.

The forecasts for the coming session do not ap- pear very hopeful that the lot of the aged poor will be lightened. We may regard old-age pen- sions as dead for the present. As an alternative we were offered an extension of outdoor relief, but even this crumb of comfort may be too much for the digestive powers of this Parliament. Mean- while starvation is claiming the aged poor. In a Yorkshire district an old labourer, incapable of the lightest toil, had half-a-crown weekly from the guardians. One-and-threepence had to go for rent ; the rest kept life in him for a few weeks,but was insufficient to keep his strength from ebbing steadily, until finally the lamp of life flickered and died out. The man died of starvation,hideously pro- longed by the State. A witness at the inquest said he knew several old people who were being slowly done to death in the samr) tedious fashion. Would it not be less hypocritical if the State threw these people into prison and refused thorn food alto- gether? Death would come more quickly, at any rate. At present we profess to support life when, in truth. we are slowly abstracting it, as these un- happy cases too clearly show. We do not suppose that this Yorkshire district is exceptional. There must be hundreds of cases of slow starvation owing to insufficient relief. They could go into the union of course ; but they do not; and this indisposition to sacrifice the last shred of self-respect remaining does not exonerate the nation.

The reality of the war is continually being brought borne to us. When soldiers are not ac- tually, visibly, and daiiy departing for the front ' there is something happening to keep our a tetir tion fixed on the deadly struggle in South AL iCa. If waris not unique, many of the incidents in con- nection with the present campaign are certainly unique in themselves. The Mayor and townspeople of Warrington share I on Sunday in a ceremonial unprecedented in the annals of the good old town, and connected directly with the war. This was nothing less than the depositing of the colours of the Third South Lancashire Militia in charge of the Mayor, during the time the battalion seeks glory and fair renown on the burning African veldt. Neither militia nor colours have yet " seen service," but this fact is of small account and entered not into the aspect of things on Sunday. The men were going—that was sufficient—and they are desirous of honouring Warrington, which has been so long; their headquarters with the custody of the regi- mental colours. His Worship, the Mayor, appro.

dated fully the solemnity of the occasion, and it was fittingly celebrated by devotion and ceremonial at the Parish Church and Town Hall. Warring- ton has now an equal interest in two battalions— the Ist South Lancashire, and the Militia—and we are sure it is the sincere hope of all the town- people that both will achieve the glory they covet and return in safety to home and fatherland.

Outside its barders,we wonder how many people in the district have any idea of the magnitude the Warrington Anglers' Association has attained. Though it has been in existence for nine years, it is not an Association one hears much about,but for some time now it has been doing a large and im- portant work. The membership is close upon 400 and is still going up, applications coming in from anglers in almost all parts of Lancashire and Cheshire. For 7s 6d a year a workingman may become possessed of the privilege of fishing valu- able preserved waters in both counties; he may travel to his destination at a reduced ;railway rate, and he may enjoy himself thoroughly and beneficially at very little cost. The society .does an excellent work in taking these toilers away from their more or less miserable surround- ings into the country and emancipating them from the baneful attractions of the beerhouse. Not' only does it accomplish much in this direction, but it does .not a little towards ensuring the non- pollution of streams which ought to be "things of beauty and a joy for ever" if manufacturersdid not look upon them as natural ' sewers. There is some influence behind the Warrington Association for such men as Mr. E. M. Crosfield, Councillor L. Greening, and the Town Clerk are numbered among its officers. To them much of its power, many of its privileges, and its reputation as the strongest society in Lancashire or Cheshire, the Warrington Angling Association owes.

The new County Court Judge for Warring ton was last Thursday •cordially welcomed and congra- tulated upon his appointment when he took his seat to preside over the proceedings for the first time. His Honour acknowledged the co mpli- ments in fitting terms, and after paying a tribute to the services of his predecessor, proceeded to emphasize his intention of completing the business at each sitting before the rising of the Court and preventing, if possible, the adjournment of any ot the cases down for hearing. In his desire to facilitate the business of the Court His Honour .will have many well-wishers. It is notorious that in the Courts of Justice, and in County Courts especially, a great deal of time is unnecessarily wasted' by clients, witnesses and others, owing to the slow progress made in getting through the cases to be heard. His Honour gave an earnest of his good intentions by quickly despatching the business of the day. By his sagacity,his courteous disposition and business-like methods he gained the good opinions of those present, and there is every reason to believe that the favourable impressions made will be lasting.

His Honour is a member of a distinguished legal family. He is a nephew of Lord James of Hereford, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancas- ter, and his father is a well-known solicitor of Hereford. His Honour is the Recorder of Here- ford, and " meMbers of the legal profession are wondering," says a Manchester contemporary, "whether he will:have to resign the recordership in view of his new appointment. The Lord Chan- cellor is said to have strong opinions about one man holding the posts of recorder and county court judge, but he appears to be rather chary about enfercing his views. He insisted iti one or two instances upon the new judge resigning the recordership, although he has allowed others to continue to act both as recorcter and judge of the county court. The humbler members of the pro- fession wo•ild be glad to see the Lord Chancellor have the ccurage of his convictions, for it would mean a large number of combrtable berths being thrown open."

BLINDNESS. EXTRAORDINARY SUCCESS in the TRECATMENT of DISEASHS of the EYE, Without Operation, by WM. MELLOR, Eye Specialist. The only specialist in Bogland that will Guarantee to Cure every ,ase he undertakes Gold Medals awarded for Restoring the Sight to the lind. Book, with eases of cures, Free by Post. Note my only Address :-286, OXFORD-STREET. MANCHESTER' Hours :-9 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9 Closed Fridays and Sundays.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
7 „ , • - -.4‘,;

. 111111E11

===== 0002601_19000112_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FORTHCOMING ARTS AND

CRAFTS EXHIBITION.

The Arrangements. During the w=.ek, preparatory work has been done for the building of the annexe which is to adjoin Parr Hall, and which is being built specially for the Warrington and District Arts and Crafts Ex- hibition, to be opened on March 3rd. The exhibition is being promoted by a local committee of which Mr. Ralph Johnson is chairman,Mr. William Roberts treasurer, and Messrs C. E. King and W. H. Pigot, joint secretaries. The committee think that the closing year of the century should be marked by an exhibition of a more interesting and comprehen- sive character than anything that has been attempted in Warrington before, and that such an exhibition should be promoted and Conducted by local effort. In full sympathy with this suggestion, a number of manufacturers and tradesmen have combined, with the object of pro- rnoting and holding such an exhibition, and for that purpose have secured the Parr Hall and adja- Cent vacant ground for the 'Louth of March. The exhibition will be open from March 3rd to the 24th. _ _

his intendad to devote the Parr Hall to exhibits and entertainments of various kinds, and on the vacant ground to erect a building for the accom- rnolation of machinery and other large and heavy exhibits, and in which the various goods produced in Warrington and district may be seen in the actual process of manufacture by machinery and otherwise. The exhibition will be open daily from 2 until 10 p.m., admission 61., and every effort will be made to ensure success. The comfort and enter- tainment of visitors will be fully considered, and special attractions provided, including promenade concerts by a well-known ladies orchestra, and other high-class entertainments, There will also be cookery lectures held in the afternoons.

The exhibition will be thoroughly representative of the many and various trades and manufactures of the district. It has been well supported by local firms and at the preQont moment there are only a few spaces ta let. The Mayor (Alderman Roberts) has promised to open the exhibition and he will be accompanied by members of the Corporation. Ar- rangements have been made with the railway companies to run excursion trains during the ex- hibition from the surrounding districts. There will be about twenty sections in all. One will be devoted to art, and this will give local artists an oppor unity to display their works for sale or otherwise. In the science section an effort is being made to make arrangements for demonstra- tions in wireless telegraphy. There will also be sec- tions for carriages. cycles. construction,, curios. antiques, decoration, domestic appliances, dress and fashion, electricity, engineering and machinery, food and drugs, furniture, gas, hardware, horticul- ture, recent invention., mining and metallurgy, musical instruments, sanitation and ventilation, smoke abatement, sports and pastimes, sweets and confectionery end other local trades. A limited number of medals are to be presented on the award of k!ompeteut judges. Arrangements have been completed with the Warrington and District Elec- tric Light and Power CampanY, Limited, who have undertaken to put down a plant sufficiently large to supply power and electric light for the whole of the buildings.

The annexo is to be completed by the second week in February.and an entrance will be provided into Parr Hall. There seems every reason to be- lieve that the exhibition will be a centre of great attraction, and it will certainly serve as an adver- tisement for Warrington goods.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

BIBLE CLAS; SUPPER AND CONCERT.--The annual sup- per and concert 10 connection with the Vicar's (the Rev. H.B. Blogg's)Sunday Afternoon Bible Cbs: took place on Wednesday niczht in the National Boys' Schoolroom. Over 70 members sat. down to an elcc.l'ent supper pre- sided aver by the vicar. Subsequently am enjoyable concert was was held. the foltowin, takinc, part :—Mrs. Res, Miss Annio Hanron, the R. R. Ustcn, and Messrs. C. Ileff..,rn, J. Youd, and G. Plid,e.

ASK or CUNNINGHAIC HIGH-CLASS B/INETIAL WATHRS—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

COVENANT SERVICE AT ST. PAWS, RUNCORN. The annual covmant service was held at St. Paul's Wesleyan Church In Sunday afterno3n, and was largely attAnded. The proceedings which were of a very im- pressive character, were conducted by the three circuit ministers, viz :—The Revs 0 W L Christien, J A. B Mal- vern, and H Morrison.

- WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS. An interesting missionary meeting ws hell on Mon- day, in the Lacey-street Schools, Widnes. Mr S Strick- land occupied the chair, and there was a good attend- ance. The feature of the evening was spelches, solos, and choruses, given by the young people dressed in native costume, representing the various countries of the mission field. Several lyrics were sung in the native tongue.

.1.14 AMERICAN 'NOVELTY. A lunch basket social, which is an American novelty, will be held in the Mersey Mission on Wednesday next, -and should prove highly interesting and diverting. The idea is for young ladies to provide luncheon baskets " for two"; the baskets are then put up for auction, and the young gentleman successful in purchasing one, will be honoured by the lady owner of the basket par- taking of luncheon with him. The proceeds of the sales, etc., go towards the funds of the mission. The idea will give the young men and maidens a glorious opportuoity of judging whether their tastes agree. A MISSINO RUNCORN MAN. Mr. James Catterall, aged 67 years, has been reported missing from his house 71, York-street, since 6 p.m. on Sunday last. Mr. Catterall was a carpenter by trade, and worked at the Sprinch Yard where he was univer- sally resnected. Some four months ago, however. his wife died, and ever since her deeth Mr. Catterail has been very much depressed. He was 5 feet 8 or 9 inches in heieht,of ruddy complexion.with grey hair,whiskers and moustache, and of sou t build. He left home dressed in "Trilby " hat and a long coat. THE WIDNES SUBSCRIPTION BAND AT THE MERSEY MISSION. _ .

On Tuesday evening,l;;;;bers of the Widnes Sub- scription Band, their wives, and the workers connected with the Mission generally to the number of about 80 were entertained to tea by Mr. W. Byfield (drum-major). The tea-tables were presided over by Mesdames W Shaw (mission house), Hughes, Evans, W Shaw (junior),Outh- waite, R Shaw,and Johnson. After tea a capital concert was provided, prasid, d ov3r by Mr Byfield. Selections were given by the band, euphonium solos by Me T Byrnes (medalist), gramaphone exhibition by Mr W Bobth, and songs by Messrs C Shaw and J Rutter. The accompanist was Miss Garvie. The ptoceedings termin- ated with votes of thanks tb Mr Byfield. Boy's DANGEROUS ESCAPADE.—RIDING IN A LUGGAGE TRAIN. Brought up on remand at the Runc,,rn Sessions, be- fore Messrs. H. Reynolds (presiding) and F. J. Norman, the boy John Newman, charged with travelling on the London and North-Western Railway without having paid his fare and with intent to defraud, pleaded grail's% —Detective Inspector Atkins, of the London and North- Western Police, recapitulated the facts of the case,show- ing:how the boy was discovered by platelayer William Kettle as he was descending from a waggon in Halton Junction, and of his story of having ridden with another boy from Chalk Farm to where the train had stopped, in a lugrcage waggon covered by a sheet. No new facts were put forward, and in consideration of the boy having already been in custody since the 29th he was find 5; and 10s costs or 14 days in default without hard Ilabour.

RECEPTION OF THE NEW JUDGE AT RUN CORN. Mr. F. A. Lake, solicitor, on behalf of the solicitors practising in the Court and on behalf of all persogs having business there, congratulated his Honour most heartily upon his appointment as judge of the Circuit, and wished to extend to him a very cordial welcome; and to express the hope that the best feeling might ever exist between them, and that they might be mutually helpful in carrying on the business of the Court.—His Honour reciprocated the kind welcome. He could assure them that the cordial welcome he had received at that and other courts in the circuit in which he had presided, bad added very materially to the pleasure of his appoint- ment. He had succeeded a gentleman who hail adminis- tered Antics there and everywhere in the circuit to the entire satisfaction of the public, and he hoped and trusted that the future would show that he (Judge James) was not unworthy to follow in his lootsteos ; he also trusted that the same good feeling that was exten- ded to his predecessor would be extended to himself. He thanked them for the hearty welcome.—The busi- ness of the Court then proceeded. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

A meeting of the above; Order was held on Saturday night. Mr. Thomas Cooke eccupiei the chair. In open- ing the meeting he wished the members the compliments of the seaeon,and trusted that the year just begun would be a prosperoue year for the Order. They now had 289 members, and 119 cadets, who were now worth £lll6s 4d.—Mr. Thomas Clarke, the sick visitor, in giving his repor:7, said that during the past half-year £l3l Hs 81 ha, ben paid to members for accidents and sickness.—Lt the close of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Cooke for his services in the chair during the past twelve months.-1 meeting of the above cadets' section was als) held on Saturday evening under the presidency of Mr. ThomasWhyte. There was a good attendance of members.—The Chairman said that they proposed to have regular meeriags, when they would be instructed in temperance principles; He spoke of theievils ot drunkenness, and urged them to stand by their pledge, and in after years they would become strong temperance men and women. He then called upon Mr. Daniel Bisbrown to give a short address. Mr. Bisbrown referred to the opinion of medical men on the question. and said that drink at the best was unneces- sary, and at the worst it was a fearful danger. He hoped they would grow Up to hate the drink, and become use- ful and good, and thus fulfil the mission of life.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

Several of the younger students who attended the "Students Social" at the Ruuclrn Technical In- stitute, the other week complain" that there was nothing for them." They seem greatly dis-satis- fied, simply because a room was not set apart for them to have" games " in, whilst the seniors were indulging in their " Cinderella." I would suggest, as a rem E dy, that, in future,two nights be set apart for the students—one for the juniors and one for the seniors—in which they be allowed to enj themselves after their own manner. This would obviate overcrowding and conduce to fuller enjoy- ment with greater comfort.

The Runcorn public must be keenly awake! There is to be formulated a scheme for the erection of a " Transporter Bridge" across the Mersey from Runcorn to Widnes, and in connection with it, will come the question of fares. What is ic going to cost the public for min the bridge ? This is the all important question. The public must not be satisfied with the presumption that the Urban District Council will see to that. They presumed that with the old Board of Commissioners at the time of the buil itig of the L. ana N.W. Railway viaduct and footbridge; and well does the working man know what that presumption has cost him. If the "Transporter Bridge" is to be erected with the support of Runcorn, the townspeople must see that the" toll "is advantavous. Otherwise, they must hold out far a bridge adequate for vehicular traffic as well as pedestrian, erected at the expense of the Cheshire and Lsnesshire County Councils. and the Runcorn District, and Widnes Town Coun- cils.

The 'Runcorn Association, as intinaaterl last week, wera making arrangements to secure a consignment of "grown-up trout " with which to stock their waters. But no to the present no grown up trout have arrived. £5 was despatched to the dealer some time ago; but nothing has arrived, and now the Anglers—strangely enough—are much concerned, lest t'le trout are so " grown-up " they wont " land " at all.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
POOT/SA.LL

The fixture on Satiir-d-a-y—, Tr well-lane. is with Rochdale Hornets. On form Runcorn slsould secure another victory as the first encounter at Rochdale resulted i a win for Runcorn by 8 points to nil The home team, selected, is a strong one.

The" A" team go ‘,o Rochdale and as they have been playing strongly of late, it is expected they will render a good account of themgelveq.—';on- siderable speculation is rife as to when Runcorn will meet Stockport, to play the postponed fixture. Ani n.s Stockport seem to be doing remarkably well at present, it i hoped the meeting will be son, so that a really good game may be witneped.

In accordance with the request of ffer Niajesty, that lollections should be made in all the Churches throughout the Kingdom, in aid of the f ands for the relief of soldiers' wives and families and kindred funds, the collections at the Parish Church and St. Michael's will next Sunday be devoted to that object. Canon Wood has issued a special appeal to members of his congregations asking that they send their money if they can't attend themselves. A request, it is to be hoped, that will be complied with.

USEFUL PRESENTS of every clegeription, Sec, Win- dow.—J. S. GARLAND Ironmonger, Bridze-st.—Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Advt

===== 0002601_19000112_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THR EXAMINER FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900.

ACTION AGAINST A RUNCORN

FOOTBALLER.

The Trade in Cheap Cigars. Sam Houghton's "Sealed Orders." _

On Monday, at tfa-ta Liverpool County Court, before his Honour Judge Shand, an aozion was beard in which some interesting details were given in regard to what was said to be an increasing demand by the public for cheap cigars. The plaintiff, John Henry Kean. a cigar manufacturer. of Victoria-street. Liverpool, sued Samuel Houghton, licensee of the Nelson Hotel, Runcorn. and a well-known professional football player, for £4B 109, balance of an account for cigars known as the "Sealed Orders" brand. The defendant resisted payment on the grounds that the goods were useless to him on accouat of quality.and that they were not of the descrip- tion or the quality ordered. Mr. Garner Smith (Erwin, Lockett and Co.) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Rudd for the defendant. The defendant paid £3 23 6d into court. It apoeared that in January last the plaintiff's travel- ler. a Mr Summers, obtained an order from the defend- ant for a quantity of cigars, known as" Sealed Orders," at a price of 81 per box, there being a further stipula- tion that each cigar was to bear a printed label with the defendant's name upon it. A part of the order was de- livered, and the defendant paid in respect of one in- voice a sum of £2 101. Subsequently, however. when plaintiff wrote him, asking him to take deny ley of the balance of the order,he complained of the quality of the cigars, and denied that he had given an order to the extent alleged. The plaintiff, having given evidence as to the facts, was cross-examined by Mr Rudd,and stated that he considered the cigars were of good value as "twopenny smokers." They were, indeed, all that could he expected at the price. He denied that they were fit only to be sold to showmen who gave cigars to successful competitors at Aunt Sally or games of that sort. (Laughter.) The cigars used for such a purpose" were not" twopenny smokers," but" three halfreeny.t Nothing better than the cigars he supplied could be go bathe market at the price. Mr. Robert Frederick Green, secretary of Meesrs. Hirmett Bros , Limited, was examined on behalf of the plaintiff as to the quality of the cigars in question. He gave his opinion that they were worth what the defend- ant had paid, but in cross-examination said it was Use- less to try to assess the value of a cigar at such a low price. Asked if he thought the cigars would smoke, the witness cautiously replied that he thought they ought to burn (laughter.) He certainly would not expect them to be good cigars. Asked further if he would give 41 per 100 for them, he replied that he would not give any- thing at all (leegheer.) Unfortunately, there was a growing demand far cheap cigars. There were so many peoele who bought to sell again, and they all wanted a profit. ks a result, manufacturers had been constantly pushed down in price. In further cross examination. the witness was of opinion that the cigars could not be made, having regard to the cost of the boxes, the labels, and also the duty, for 49 per 100, and he could not imagine anyone expecting anything better for 7s 61 per 100, which was the price of the cigars themselves, the extra sixpence being for the labels. An amusing episode occurred in court through the introduction of a box of Messrs. Hignett's cigars sold at 84 per 100. The inteetion was to examine these, and compare those in question in the action' Various samples were accordingly cut open and examined, but the samples appeared to get considerably confused, and no definite conclusion appeared to be drawn from the experiment. For the defence it was contended that the cigars were altogether below quality, and a Frerch nail, pieces ef wood, and a bit of coat were produced by one witness, who swore he had found them in samples taken from the defendant's consignment. The defendant, on being cal'el, stated that his footbal engagements necessitated his frequent absence irons home, and th,t the business of the hotel was at such times managed by his wife. In his absence she paid for a portion of the goods in question,svhich at that time had not been used. When his customers cemplained about them he sampled two and was not able to smoke them. He never took drink, as he had to "keep himself in con- dition "for football, consequently he sometimes took cigars instead, but he had never tried " Sealed Orders" before, and never wented to again. When he ordered the cigars he thought he was to get the " Dl Kooshas," such as he had got before from the rlaintiff, and he did not know that a box of 50 was known in the trade as half a box. Be introduced the" Sealed Order; "to his customers as a ".new cigar from Liverpool." and those who tried them threw them away. He tried thom him- self and found they were "dead wrong ones." (Laugh- ter.) es a matter of fact he could not give them away. (Renewed laughter.) His Honour held in regard to quantity that defendant ordered beste; containing fifty cigars, and that he had paid sufficient into court to cover the value of the cigars he had accepted. Having regard to what transpired when the order was given, his order was for the came cigars as he had got previously— namely, " Del Kooshaa." He would say nothing as to what his decision would have been if some of the goods had not been used and a payment into court made by the defendant in respect thereof. El's judgment would be for the defendant, with costs.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

TUESDAY.—Before His Honour Judge Gwynne James. 1.4101 E AT WHAT YOU SlON.—John H. Harrison, money lender, Warerloo-rod, Rev:acorn, sued James Stubbs, Wellington-street. Mary Ann S'eahhe (his wife), and Peter Stubbs, 3, Hankey-street, for £6 money lent.—Mr F A. Lake represented the plaintiff, and defendants con- ducted their own cases.—Frorn the evidence it apreeared that the defendants had borrowed £lO some time in December 1898, and signed a promisory note to repay the money in weekly instalments of ss, and also interest at the rate of 1 per week on every shilling. Plaintiff had lent £lO less £1 17s 61 and up to December last had I received in sums at various times £9 19; 10d in repay- ment. He now asked for £6 or rather judgment upon that amount as interest. He could claim more but had no wish to do sn.—Defendant :alleged that he had under- stood-that the £1 7; 61 deducted from the £lO in the first instance was for interest, and that all he had to do sub4equently was to repay the £lO. He further alleged that Mr. Harrieon gave him to understand that he could pay the money either weekly or at any time.—His Honour pointed out to the defendants that they had signed a promisory note binding themselves to pay the money and also inte-eat. at the rate of ti per shilling per week.—The elder defendant (who was a trifle deaf), maintained that he had siened anly for the £lO ; the interest was paid at the first, and after paying his £lO it was all that was required. It appeared to him that Mr Harrison was claiming for what was not right—His Honour : You are quite right. You did sign fer the £lO ; but you also niened to pay the interest —Defend- ant : It was my ides.—His Honour: In the future don't think of ideas. Look at what you sign.—Judgment was entered for both male defendants to pay 3; monthly. A. CLAIM FOR • PlANO.—Thomas Thornton Crane and George James Crane, lately trading as Crane and S;ma, and grafi& and Sons, L'd , 217,Scotlend-road, Liverpool, steed Luke Holmes, auetioneer. Runcorn, for £35 far de. tention of a piane.—Mr. J. M. Quiggin (Qaigein and Brothers, Liverpool) appeared for plaintiff; and Mr. Pugh (barrister). instructed by Messrs. Linaker and Linaker, for the defendants.—The case arose out of the departure of Mr. John DeKorte, late licensee oF the "George Inn." Runcorn. It appeared that Mr DeKorte obtained a quantity of goods from the plaintiffs on the hire-purchase system, and amongst others a niano. When he left the town on the 12th of o!tober. 1899, he left the piano along with his other goods and chattels in , the" Georee Inn." Subsequently it was alleged that I Mr Luke Holmes had taken poss^slion of the whole of the goods, and though application had been made by the plaintiffs the piano had not been returned.—Evi- was given by Mrs Jeasie DeKarte,Mrs Percival and John Buchannan to the effect, that the piano was in the "George Inn " on nil 12h, 13th, end lleh of October and that Mr. Luke Holmes had takee pos;ession of the house turning them out, and caving all the goods in the place heloneed to him.—Ellen Browning, single women, licensee of the public house "Anchor," swore that she had purchased the piano from D. Korte in July la,t for £l6, and that Wee took posses- sion of it in October last, and had (at the time of speak- ing) still possession of the ins'rurnent.—Megaigein con- tended that the goods having fallen into the hands of Mr Luke Holmes he was responsible to them for it.— His Honour, without hearing Mr. Pueh, said it was very clear to him what his juegement in that case should he. It was clear to him it must be for the defendant. The niano was legally upon the premises of the " George Inn." but then De Korte had sold it—and though he might have committed a wrong act by se doine, they could not hold another person responsible for that.— Judgment was entered for the defendant. and the necese sary certificate rranted in accordance with the practic- ,of the Court.—Notice of appeal has been given by Messrs. Crane and Sons.

Resignation of Sergeant Chantler. The Warrington Borough Police Force this week loses a tried and valued member in the person ot Sergeant Chantler,who retired from duty on Thurs- day. after 29 year and 9 months' service. In his well-earned retirement, he carries with him the good wishes of-his many friends. He joined the force on April 14th, 1870. coming from Kingsley near Frodsham. In November, 1880, he obtained the merit badge for good conduct and was appoin- ted warrant and court officer, fifteen months later. In this capacity he came into touch with all classes of people, and gained the esteem and respect of both good and bad. On the 20th of November, 1890, he was promoted to the position of sergeant, and at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee he was selected as the Mayor's sergeant and mace bearer. Recer.tly, he lost his wife, and since then he has been anxious to be relieverl from duty. He resignel on the 11th inst. He will receive a superannuation allowance amounting to two-thirds of his pay.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The Quality of the Gas. A meeting of this Council was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown on Monday. Mr CB F Barron, J.P., presided and there were also present : Messrs W Coll- ingwood, J W Emmett, J.P., N Siddelev, R Stone, T Wood, J Simpson, Dr. Patterson, W Thompson. W Beatty, J H Forster, E T Evans, T Ormand, with Mr W W Shirley (cferk), Mr A Bowes (surveyor), Mr D H Lloyd !gas engineer). THE CHAIRMAN AND THE NEW YEAR. The Chairman before the business of the meeting was proceeded with said that was the first meeting of the year and he desirsd to wish all a Happy and Prosperous New Year. They were commencing the new year under a cloud but he trusted that the cloud would shortly be lifted. They were fortunately in a prosperenes condition so far as trade was concerned and he hspld that prosperity would continue. (Hear. hear.) He trusted that the fund which had been opened would be well supported in the district so that they might be in a position to relieve the sufferings that would be caused by the war. He had received a letter from Lord Newton which he was requested to bring before the notice of the people in the district. His Lord- ship wrote : " I desire to ask those who are resident in this county or who are otherwise connected with it to subscribe to a fund which it is proposed to raise at once in order to equip in the first instance those officers and men of the Yeomanry and Volunteers from Lancashire who may be accepted by Her Majesty's Government for service in the field in South Africa, and in the second instance to assist the general fund of the Imperial Yeomanry or mounted forces without distinction of counties." Continuing, the Chairman said he believed a number of volunteers from the district were going to join these forces, and it was only natural that the dis- trict should take an interest in their well-being. He should bring the letter before the Committee which bad been organized for raising fields for the benefit of soldiers' orphans and wide ws through the present war. (Hear, hear). CEMETERY COMMITTEE. The Cemetery Committee recommended that the cemetery keeper be allowed gas free of charge to his house at the Cemetery, subject to the censumpion not exceeding in value the sum of £2 per annum. The minute was approved. HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. THE NEW INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES. A letter dated the 21st November, was read before ' this committee from the Lancashire County Council stating that, as requested by the Council, they had agreed to withdraw the 'grant of £3B towards the flagging of Church-street, Newton, and to devote that sum next year.—A letter dated the sth of December, was read from Mr. J. E Pardey, having reference to the proposed new road from Crow-lane to Wargrave. and stating that Lord Newton would net ask for purchase of the land by the Council, and that if a road of 40 feet in wiith is considered degirable that width could be appropriated for the purpose of the road. It was resolved that the Clerk write to Mr. Payday asking him to be good enough to give instructions for a draft agreement to be prepared embodying the terms on which the Council may appropriate the said land for purposes of the road • and that the Surveyor prepare plans and estimates of the making of the proposed road. A letter dated the 20th November, was read from the Warring- ton Corporation, stating that they would be prepared to discuss the whole vestion of increased hospital accom- modation when the extensions at their hospital were cornpleted,and that meantime they would do all in their power to meet the Council under the existing agreement. The committee resolved that the application of the National Telephone Company to erect a telephone pole in Back Bridge-street, Earlestown, be not acce led to, on the grounds that such an erection would be an obstruc- tion.-1 letter dated the 4th of December, was ree 1 from Mr C Charlton, with reference to his hut on the market, and complaining of the increased amount of his rent.—lt was ordered that the Clerk writos to Mr Charlton and in- form him that the committee cannot consider his letter until be has conformed to the resolution of the Council with respect to the placing of his hut on wheels. A let- ter dated the 28th November, was read from the London and North-Western Railway Co., having reference to the improvement of Railway-street, stating that they had no objection to the signalman opening and closing the (proposed) small wicket gate, provided that it WAS clearly understood he was not acting as their servant when performing this duty. It was ordered that the Clerk again commumioate with the London and North Western Railway Co., thereof. It was resolved that the tender of Mr G Finning for all materials and labour recpirecl in the construction of a sewer from Newton Hall Farm to the Central Sewage Works, for the sum of £370 Os Od, be recommended to the Council for acceptance. Tenders for provender were submitted, and after being referred to Messrs Stone, J.P., Simms an, ad Dr. Patterson, it was resolved that the tender of Mr. W. Austin, of Legh- street, Earlestown, be accepted. The committee at a further meeting on January 811, resolved that Mr. W. F. Coates. of St. Helens, be recom- mended for the appointment of inspector of nuisances, at a salary of £lOO per annum. The minutes were approved oh the motion of the Chairman.

GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE. RESIGNATION OF TEIE GAS MANAGER.

A letter dated December 18th, was submitted from Mr. J Swann, gas manager, resigning his position (as at the 18th March, 1900). It was resolved that the matter be referred to the Office Staff Committee. A letter dated the 18`,h December, was read from the stokers at the gasworks, requesting increased stereeee accommoda- tion for coal and cannel. It was resolved that the matter be referred to the Gasworks Extension Committee, and that meanwhile the gas engineer prepare plans for such increased accommodation as may be necessary. A letter dated December 7th, was read from Mr. J W Emmett, Viaduct Works, E trlestown. comolaining of the illumin- ating power of the gas. The Chairman a'at read his reply to Mr. Emmett. It was resolved that that part of the report referring to a supply of water to Messrs. MeCorquodales be referred to the Gasworks Extensions Committee. 'The Gas Engineer read a report upon the question ot fire apnliances, etc., and after a discussion it was resolved that Mr. Lloyd further report, and include in such report an estimate of the cost of his recommen- dations, and submit the same to a Fire Brieade Com- mittee consisting of Councillore Borron, Collingwoed, Stone, Ormand, and Thompson. It was resolved that suitable boxes with glass fronts be provided for hose pipes and hydrants in case of fire.and to be fixed outside the Town liell,Newten.the new Police Station, Newton. and outside the Town Hall, Earlestown. A letter dated the 16t'a December, was read from Mr. J E Pardly, ex. pressing his annoyance at the Council's servants having entered upon land in the occupation of Mr. George Cawley for the purpose of laying gas mains. It was resolved that the Clerk call upon Mr. Parley and explain to him the circumstances of the case, and express the Council's regret that a trespass had taken place, and that the tenant would be reasonably compensated if he had suffered any loss. The following retort of proceedings of the Gasworks Ex- tensions Committee were read, viz. • Resolved that it be a recommendation to the gas and water committee that the wages of the stokers at the gasworks be in- creased to 41 9d per shift of 12 hours, and te work seven shifts per week, with a bonus of id per thousand cubic feet of gas made over 20,000 cubic feat per man per shift. Stokers to wheel their own coal, cannel, and coke. One steker in each shift to attend to the firing of the boilers, and for this duty such stoker to receive an adlitionat is 61 per week. At a further meeting of the committee it was resolved that arrangements be made for another purnpine test at number one borehole for three days so that numbers one and two borehole may be both working continu- ously at the same time. It was further resolved that the tAndAr nf Mr. Peter Pennington of Ashton for the RIM of £2,088 2s 31 for the buildings at the Water Works be recommended to the Council for acceptance, avid also that Mr. Pennineten'e tender for the sum of £B3 for the new governor's house at the Gas Works be. recommended for acceptance. Mr. Emmett said he desired to sac a word or two about he gas, although it seemed as if his words did not have any effect at all. It had been stated over and over again that the pipes were not eufficiently large for the gas that was now going through them. He could only sac that at times the gas was very good and at others it was as bad as it possibly could he. Therefore he did not think it was on account of the s'ze of the mains. It must he the fuel used or something else. He thought the matter ought to receive special censidera- tion. The Chairman replied that the matter was before the committee when Mr. Swann was present. He made various complaints about tbe fuel supplied and it was pointed out to him that the matter ought to be taken up sharply with the contractors for the fuel. That might or it mieht not he the cause. He (the Chairman) was not quite sure whether the mixtures which had been decided moon were adhered to. There was another com- plaint with regard to the fuel being left out in the open which might interfere with the quality of the gas. These were minor points and he quite agreed with Mr. Emmett that the gas was not of that uniform quality which thee had a rieht to expert. The matter was being taken up by the Gas Works Eetensions Committee and no doubt a satisfactory decision wonld be arrived at: The minutes were then passed. THE POST OFFICE ACCOMNIODATION &T EIRLES- TOWN. _ _

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee a letter was read from the General Post Office, London, with regard to the Post Office accommodation at Earls.- town, stating ;hit the matr was now brfore tho Lards Commissioners of the Treasury,who would convoy their decision in the matter as soon as possible. The Chairman moved, and Mr. Stone seconded the adoption of the minute which was approved. THE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION GRANT. The Clerk having reported at a meeting of the Techni- cal InFOruction Committee the receipt of a cheque value £BO 10; from the Lanraabire C mntv Cuncil, ty3inz the first instalment of the arant for technical instruction purpo3eB for the session 1899-190), it was resolved that

the Finance Comniittee be recommended to pass s cheque in favour of the Viaduct Institute Technical Instruction Committee for the sum of £BO 10s, Dr. Patterson moved the confirmation of the minutes which were agreed to. This was all the business of importance.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE:WAY AT

EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

At the Council meeting on Monday the Chairman read a letter he had received from Lord Darby in connection with the fund being raised to provide equipments for the Imperial Mounted Force and Volunteers. Seeing that this district is so closely connected with the imperial Mounted Force by reason of a number of the Lancashire Hussars hav- ing offered their services and been accepted for South Africa, there is no doulot that the appeal in aid of the fund will not be in vain. Already the people have subscribed liberally to the fund for the relief of the wives and families of soldiers, and it is not too much to hope that a further effort will be made in the direction of providing a suitable equip- ment for the Volunteers.

The nine or ten Yeomanry from the" C "or New- ton troop had a most enthusiastic send-off on Fri- day night, previous to their departure for South- port and no doubt when they land upon the shores of South Africa they will look back with pleasant memories upon the many good wishes which were showered upon them. Not only do the men take with them the good wishes of their friends and comrades, but they also bear with them practical, evidence of the kindly thoughts of those with whom, as civilians they were associated. One of the most useful presents given them is a plir of powerful field glasses, which according to the evi- dence of those with the Army at the front are in- dispensible articles when oh scout duty.

It would appear from the proceedings of the council that the question of opening up new streets which has been so long under consideration, is in a fair way to be settled. A communication has been received from Lord Newton through his agent that no objection will be raised to the making of a street 40 feet wide. running from Crow-lane acro3s the fields to Wargrave-road. rhis will be a distinct advantage to the township, besides being a great convenience to residents in Wargrave.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

The extremely damp condition of the elements on Saturday interfered with the enjoyment of the devotees of the " socket" game. So far as the Earlestown club was concerned, -it was a distinct disappointment. Their fixture was with South Liverpool by whom, it will be remem.bered they were defeated by 4 goals to 2 on Boxing Day,and it was the intention of Earlestown to wipe out this defeat, and at the same time secure a couple of points. The Liverpool men put in an appearance, but they had only nine men, and with this number they took the field, Earlestown having their full strength.

The rain came down pitilessly and within shoot- ing distance of each goal the ground was a veritable sea of mud, rendering correct play an impossibility. The men wallowed about in the mud, and of the two the Earlestown team seemed to enjoy it, The Liverpool men were without spirit, and when three goals were scored against them before half time, they appeared to throw up the sponge and one of their players left the field refusing to continue the game further. And he was wise! At half-time only four of the Liverpool team ventured out, and after consultation it was decided to abandon the , game.

On Saturday it is hoped the condition will be somewhat better, when Earlestown visit Horwich to play their return L3ague fixtutt. Considering the position Rorwich occupy on the League table, and their performances lately, it is safe to assume Rarlestown will be able to give them their quietus and secure another couple of points.

Earlestown Rovers added another win to their unbeaten record on Saturday. They defied the elements and paid a visit to Prescot Athletic in the first round of the Wigan and District Shield, and secured victory by 4 goals to 1.

Newton-le-Willows journeyed to Golborne to PlaV a friendly. but the field was in such a sloppy con- dition that it was band to be utterly unfit for play. Record of clubs to date.

—Goals—

Played Won Lost Drr,. For Agst. Rarlestown . 18 ... 4 ... 10 ... 4 ... 26 ... 40 Newton-le-Willows ... 17 ... 7 ... 7 ... 3 ... 44 ... 31 Rarlestown Rovers ... 13 ... 10 ... 0 ... 3 ... 41 ... T Barlestown Albion ... 16 ... 10 ... 4 2 ... 61 ... 33

===== 0002601_19000112_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HeLENS.

LARGE CLAM AND SMALL ORDER AT Sr. EIELENII..q

At the St. Helens County Court, yesterday, before hi; Honour Judge Shand, William Oxley, form.ily tenant of the Rope and Anchor public-house, in Orrnskirk-strect was sned on a judgment summons by Messrs. Walker and Elomf rays, Limited, Warrington, he being indebted in a sum of over £l6O, for which a judgment had been obtained in the High Court. Mr. E. W. Swift (Msssrs. Swift and Garner) appeared for Messrs. Walker and Homfrays,and said that his clients thlught Oxley should make an offer to pay the money.—His Honour made an ord,r for 2s 6d a month, with liberty to apply for an alteration. .

THE MAYOR'S GZNRROSITY. The head teachers of forty-three elementary schools in the borough of St. Helens on Monday morning revived the following intere.tine letter from the Mayor, Coun- ciller Beecham : " Town Hall, St. Helens, January 6, 1900.-1 shall be glad if you will inform your teachers and scholars on Monday next, when your schoel re-opens that it is my intention to cr,ive a day at the seaside, dur- ing Jnlyinext to about COO deserving St. Helens scholars, who are then eight years of age or older, So far as I ean gather, this will include atom', S per eget of the boys and girls, exclusive of infanta, on the register,and to enable you to pick out those most deserving. I must ask you to have a daily record kept of marks for (a) good attendance, to include punctuality and regularity. (b) good conduct, (c) cleanliness, such record of m tries to commence on January 8 and to run up to June 30 next. lam hoping that this will be appreciated, and, while having good results, rim, tend in some measere to make this New Year a happy one to you and those under your care." The proposed treat will doubtless have a v.ry beneficial effect on the atteedences of the school children, and will be carried out, judging from the recent acts of the Mayor,in a manner that will leave nothing to be desired. SHOCKING FATALITY AT ST. HELENS GLASSWORKS. At S. Helens Town Hall, on Monday, Mr. S. Brie- house, county coroner, held the inquest on the body of John Macdonald, aged nineteen, 183, Colleee-street, who died on the way to Providence Hospital on Thursday afternoon last after being knoeked down and his head badly emashed by an engine a,: Messrs. Pilxington's sheet glass works. Mr. Erant, her Majesty's inspector, and Mr. J. 0. Swift, solicitor, were present. Two jurymen James Wonlfall and Caleb Jones, failed to put in an ap- pearance. The coroner ascertained that they were both warned on Friday. Mr. Woolfall arrived fifteen ' minutes late, and said he was sorry he had forgotten all abler': the inquest. Mr. Jones did not come, and the coroner fined him 20s, and said he would not remit the fine. Frank Dixon, acting foreman, said the deceased was a labourer for the platelayers. He had to clean the points and assist the platelayers with the lines. Thomas Mooney, 60, Higher Parr-street, braltesrnan, said that his driver was at the weighing- machine, and witness got on to the engine and moved it lower down for some water, When he started witnees saw deceased about eighteen yards away, standing about two yards clear of the line. He was on the opposite aide to the peints. Witness felt the engine go over something, and stopped It. He found deceased underneath. James Radcliffe, r of 37, St. Thomas-street, the driver of the locomotive, I said that in private yards it was a proper thing ler a brakesmen to get on the engine and move it. The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental death."

===== 0002601_19000112_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEGGING NUISANCE AT HALTON.

Georee Radley, ;leaded guilty to begging at Halton, no liVednrslay last. when arraigned lofore Mr. F. J. Norman, at the Runc.rn Police Court. —The case was proved by P.C. Upton.—Prisoner pleaded to be let off this time —Tho Magistrate: You know there is no excuse for a great hie fellow to R.) beeeing when there is plenty of work —Prison.r : If you will give me one more chance sir, I will en away to get work at Man- chester.—The prisoner was discharged on that under- standing that he immediately left the town with his wife.

THE MEDICAL PROFESSION are extensively recom- mending the moderate use of Port Wine in all cases of debility, especially after Influenza. INVALID PORT of exceptional quality. thoroughly matured and guaranteed by W. & A. GTLBEY. Can be obtained of their 3,030 Agents at 2s. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. To MOTHEng.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty wears by millions of mothers for their 31111dren while teething, wlth perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain an I the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button."Of all Chemists Is lid per bottle.—Advt.

HOMOCKA. FOR THE BATTLE-HELD.

NOTICE.

TROOPS FOR THE TRANSVAAL should WITHOUT FAIL, be provided with Homocea, as there is nothing more soothing or healing known. FOR WOUNDS, Cuts, Bruises, Broken skin, Sore Places, generally, use Homocea often, and plenty of it. INFANTRY need Homocea for anointing the feet on the march, and for scores caused by chafing accoutrements.

CAVALRY need Homocea for troubles caused by rough riding, damp saddles, etc., and especially for piles.

SEE THAT NO FRIEND goes to the front without lioraneta. What else can they rely on to touch the spot "and soothe the aching part " ?

OUR

===== 0002601_19000112_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL COMPETITION

(COUPON ON PAGE 7.) £5O Offered Weekly—Xloo

Aggregate Prize.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULT OF LAST WEEK'S COMPETITION.

TWO COMPETITORS DIVIDE £25

TIM matches eolected for our 19th Foottoall Competition run in conjunction with the Compe:ition Key, terminated eka follows :—Notts. Forest drew with Wolverhampton W., Aston Villa beat West Br.,mwieh A., Everton beat Newcastle U., Derby County drew with Manchester City, Bolton Wan- derers beat Newton Heath, Grimsby drew with Burslem P Vale, Walsall beat New 13righton,Warrington beat Tvldesley. Devunport A. be.lt Exeter. The Blackourn—Sheffield U. match was aband wed. The following two competitors gave nine correct resu'ts, and therefore divide the £2i prize : Mr H E Pitta, 72, Fore-street. London, B C. Mr F Lawton, Charlbury, Oxfordshire.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
I'HE CONSOLATION PRIZE.

The following competitors made one mistake, and therefore divide the £lO prize: Miss E Pope, St Budeaux ; R Harper. Leeds; G ?hillips. Castle Donington ; J D Hodgson, Guildford ; T Hart, Harston ; A Manfield. Kidderminster ; T Dudley, Leicester ; W Ward, Sandy; A Hadlow. Bedford; A J Williams, Liverpool ; E Parrett, Southport; W Lovell, Whitehaven ; J Duckenfield, Bromley; C Stimpson, Broom- bridge ; B Beach, Luton ; T Dawson, Hertford ; G H Cooper, Wellingborough; 131 Maple, Bedford; C Featherstone, Han- ley ; J Bradbury, Irchester ; H Parker. Newcastle-on-Tyne ; W U Lee, Harrinf.,ray ; A Hall. Leicester ; J Moss, North- ampton ; J Harrison, Lutterworth ; ft Andrews, Crick ; T Greene, Hull; F Thompson. Brighton; B Barhorn, Brondes- bury : W Carter, :••iheffield; A Shelton, Seacombe ; T Spencer. Cardiff ; L Cunniaglsam, Watford; G E Noble, Danstable ; R Cartwright, Barnet ; lt Driver, Alfniton ; V/ derinett. Dram- ley; C *2 Collier. Kettering ; G Collier, Kettering ; G S Payne. Masl,oro'; A Simons, Bes wick ; C Hylton, Soutliarnp- ton ; F Manners, Reigate. THE COUPON PRIZ.E The £3 Co mon Prize goes to Mr Si Pittarn 7. Fore-st.. London, for 6,160 coupons.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCRECATE PRIZE.

Mr H Procter, 5, Spring Vale, E aslingelen, Lanes , has scored 23 points for the Aggrezate Prize ; Mr E Maple 22 ; Mr Arthur 21; Mr Mann 1,5 ; Messrs Pittans (H.E.) anti Pridgeon 12 each ; Messrs Mason and Pittam (U.), 11 each ; Mr Hutchings 10 ; Mr Wood 9 ; Messrs Coo'r and Rodgers 8 each ; Messrs AEtles, Critchlev, Funnell and Twining? each ; Msssrs Miller and Salt 6 each ; Messrs Bowley, Fletcher, Harris, Price, Stanley, Tdgwell. Dean, Ambridge, Nelson, Marshell Taylor, Tillre, Oliver and Speacer 5 each. A number of others a-e close behind.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal.

'The Mayor of Warrington" says " Truth," "com- pletely misunderstands his poiition and duty as a magistrate. Because he is strongly in favour of vaccination he seers to think he is justified in bad- gering and brow-beating any conscientious objector to the operation who exercises the right of applying fora certificate of exemption under the Act of 1898, In two recent cases in which the applicants satisfied the other magistrates that they were entitled to cer- tificates the Mayor caused an unseemly wrangle by his perverse opposition, and he wound up by tel- ling one of the men that his objection was due to "stupid iLinorance." His wor,hip ought not to talk of stupid ignorance. He evidently has not yet learned that his business as a magistrate is to ad- minister the law, not to air his own personal views and insult anybody who ventures to differ from him."

===== 0002601_19000112_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mr. J. M. Porter.

We regret to announce the death of Mr. J. M. Porter, which took place at his residence, 15, Cairo- stre-t,at 2.30 on Tuesday morning. The cause of death was influenzi end failure of the heart's action. The deceased, srlio bad been in business for a consider- able number of years at 22, Horsemarket-street, as a game and peultry dealer, had been attended by Dr. White. He had only been confined to the house about a week.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Latchford Station Staff Dinner.

The 16 th annual dinuor got up by the staff of the Latchford station arri g 0043 department was held on Friday evening !nst week at the "Cheshire Cheese" Inn. Mr. r r• 1 Mrs. Griffiths. the host and hostess, provided d drat class repast, which was keenly appreciate' by the company of about 25, who were plesnr. After the dinner conviviality was indulged in, ,Er Warren (station master), occu- pying the chair. An excellent • programme was submitted, songs being rendered by Messrs. Fair- hurst, Horton, Bottom, and Woodings ; recitations including "The Absent-minded Beggar," by Mr. Burgess. Mr Alfred Grounds officiteed at the piano and also added much to the enjoyment of the evening by his ventriloquial mimicry and grama- phone selections. The usual loyal and other toasts were honoured, and at the close the chairman, artistes, and host and hostess were thanked for their services.

Prize Distribution at Daresbury. The annual distribution of prizes provided from the Fndowment Fund connected with Daresbury Schools took place on Monday. The following governors were present :—Rev H T Clarke, Messrs. Wynne and Sons, Philip Derbyshire, J Cooper, and H Mawdsley, As usual, substantial money' prizes were awarded for regular attendance, good conduct general efficiency. &c., in addition to books and. presents to those having never been absent once during the year. Those having been present at each. meeting of the school were: Lily Prince. William Arnold, Herbert Leach, Walter Prince, William Jameson, Jenny Roberts, Florence Furnival, Sarah. Ryder, John Taylor, Alfred Potts. Emily Broome. Cyril Furnival, Gladys E Taylor, Garfield Furnival Louisa Calder,end Nellie Warburton,the last-named not having missed a single attendance during the last four years, although under nine years of age. At the conclusion of the distribution three cheers were given by the scholar., who were afterwards dispersed for the usual half-holiday. Prizes were also distributed On the same day at the Infante' schools of Moore, Hatton, and Preston Brook. Death of Mr. Join Hartley. It is with regret we annourice the death at his residence, Sunnyside, Latchford, on Wednesday afternoon. of Mr John Hartley, who for many years was a part proprietor in t'le firm of Messrs. Arting- stall and Co., wire brush manufacturers, Wildeee- pool road. The deceased gentleman who was 67 years of age, had been ailing for about twelve months. On Thursday of last week he became seriously ill, and despite every care and attention never rallied. The primary cause of death was inflaenza. He was attended by Ors White and Smith. The deceased gentleman commenced business life as a clerk in the employ of Mr. Artingstall, and on that gentlemen's death, in 1880, being then cashier, was left a third of the share of the proprietorship. Mr. Warburton, the manager,and Mr. D. Jones, the traveller, shared the remainder. The business was floated as a campeny, and ha since been very suc- cessfully carried on. Mr Hartley retired from active participation in the concerns of business about twelve months ago. He was prominently associated with the Wesleyan denomination. For nearly 30 years he was a Sunday School teacher in connection with the Bold-street Society, both at the old school in Buttermarketestreet and after- wards on the removal of the school to Bold- street. In consequence of failing eealth he gave up the work about two years ego. lie was a trustee of the Bold-street Chapel and schools, and steward and treasurer of the Trost Fund at the Latchford Chapel. In the erection of the chapel at Latchford he took a practical interest, and gave generously to. the building fund. For many years he had worshipped at the Bold-street Chapel, but when the Latchford Chapel was opened he commenced to attend there, and continued to do so until his final illness. He was a most generous supporter of the Wesleyan denomination and took a keen interest in its welfare. He did not take a prominent part in public affairs, but did much ex- cellent work quietly and unestentatiously. In politics he was a Conservative, though at no time a strong party wan. He leaves a widow and daughter. The funeral vill take place to-day (Saturday). There will be a service in the Latchford Chapel at 1.30, and the remains will eubsecineratly be interred. in the Warrington cemetery. LAMPS, Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves, J. S. GARLAND, ' 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.-41dvt.

, ,

-

===== 0002601_19000112_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football.

[By "Oval iSt."ll Warrington have certainly made a promising start in the New Year, for in addition to vanquishing Hull on New Year's Day, they accomplished another smart per- formance on Saturday when they took a weak team to Tyldesley, and won by eleven points to nothing. One expected them to win there under ordinary circum- stances, but the eircum3tancea were by no means ordin- ary on Saturday, and those who feared a different re- sult had ground for their fears. Tyldesley are far from being a strong team now, but with Warrington b e avin: to find substitutes for Bosco w, Smith, Ftsh, Harris, Tay- lor. and Swift the chances looked in favour of the " Lngers "getting a much needed point or two. The weather was all in their favour too, rain falling in tor- rents during the whole of the match.

Warriregton rose to the occasion however, and played a really marvelleus game, everything considered. It is net often they surprise tla.ir supporters in this pleasant fashion, but on Saturday they buckled too with a will and carried all bAore them. Though the ground was terribly heavy and the ball as awkward to handle as it could possibly be, Warrington went in for the passing ,same and with immediate success. The forwards packed well, and the half backs having two good centres be- hind them in Jones and Isherwood, the ball was soon travelling along towards the line. Some really excellent combined efforts were only stopped on the line, and the attack was finally rewarded by a try near the pests. Elea obtained the peint by good following up and smartly profiting by a home forward's mistake. Jones added a goal and then for a time all was plain sailing. Hockenhall put the finish on some clever play by Isher- wood, and Jones completed another concerted effort in fine style. 'I he latter also intercepted a pass and after a brilliant run crossed the Tylleslev line, only to seep over ' the dead ball line in trying to get behind the posts. He was entirely to blame for spoiling what would other- wise have been the feat of the match. At the interval Warrington held the substantial lead of eleven points. The second half was barren if scoring, Tyllesley hav- ing rather the best of matters by dint of rushing forward tactics.

The War,ington men are to be complimented on their smart performance. I dsn't think they ever fielded the ball better, or played a cleverer combined game than on this occasion. The Tyldesley crowd were quite sur- prised at the manner in which the visitor 3 sprinted over the heavy ground and tossed the greasy ball from one to the other. It is difficult to discriminate between the players. Jewkes, who made his first appearance in the premier team played very well, and yet all the other backs were better. Halves and threequarters alike did splendidly. Hallam deserves a word of praise all to him- self however, for he played in tip-top form all through. His display reminded one of those he occasionally gave when he was the regular custodian. The forwa.rda, not- withstanding the absence of good rpen were very strong and active, while their s3rimmaging was far superior to that of the " Bongers."

The win has been the means of helpimz Warrington up in the League table,and we are now once more ahead of Leigh and Widnes. Salford are only 6 point ahead, with a match more and should be easily distanced if the " Wirepullers " only make the most of their chances.

The League table up-to-Jate is as follows : For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. 1. P. P Runcorn 16..14.. 1. 1..23 32-142 5 4... 22...29 St. Helens 19...13... 4... 2...22 47-185... 6 17... 63...28 Oldham 16..13.. 2... 1...20 59-217... 6 12... 48...27 Swinton 16...12... 3... 1...12 32-120...15 10... 60...25 Salford Warrington 17. 8... 8.. 1..11 3^-112 .. 9 20... 78...17 Widnes 17. 7. 7.. 3...11 27-103...11 26-100-17 Stockport l7 8. 9. 0,..15 21— 93...13 27...107...16 Leigh 17.. 7. 8. 2...17 24-106-17 37...145...16 *Brought'n Rag'r'sl6... 7... 8... 1...10 19— 77...13 17... 77...13 *Rochdale H'netsl7... 7... 9... 1...15 14— 72... D 32...118 ..13 Wigan 17. 4...13... 0... 4 17— 59 ..17 41...157... 8 Millom 18.. 2..15.. 1...11 15— 67...19 52-194 5 Tyldesley 19.. 2...17... 0... 6 14— 54 ..35 71-283 4 *Broughton Rangers and Rochdale Hornets have each ha-1 two points deducted for breach of rules.

For the remaining three Saturdays of this month War- rington remain at home, and have as visitors, Swinton, Salford, and Runcorn. They are burning to avenge a defeat at the hands of each of these clubs, and I hope they may succeed. The team if fully representative, is strong enough at present to get six points out of these three engagements unless there is some such fiasco as against St. Helens. To-day's visitors never have won at Warrington, though they have been very near doing so, and I hardly fancy they will break the record just yet. Much depends on the constitution of the home team, however, but with Smith and Fish back again thee ought to pull it off. Salford should present litle diffi- culty, and even Runcorn can be beaten if the luck is fairly distributed.

-CRICKET.

William Bates, whose death is reported, was on of the finest all-rouni cricketers of his day. From 1877 to 1887 he was a valuable member of the Yorkshire eleven, and for many years he and Peat e ran a close race for first place in the Yorkshire bowling averages. The best bowling nerformanee Bates ever accomplished was in Australia in January, 1883, when in the course of his first innings of Murdoch's eleven he captured seven wickets for twenty-eight, three of the batsmea falling to successive balls. J. T. Hearne, it will be remembered, Performed the "hat trick" at Leeds last season in an International match, and Spofforth of course gained the same distinction during his remarkable career as a fast bewler. Bates was a batsman of a dashing order, and on his day no other Player could beat him in the rapidity with which he knocked up runs. He was included in several teams sent out to Australia, his last visit being in the season of 1887-8. During that tour he met with a serious accident whilst practising,which had the effect of bringing his career as a fire-class cricketer to a summary close. He subs,quentiv recovered sufficiently to take part in club cricket, and for some time was one of the professionals at Warrington. At the time of his Ideath Bates was only forty-five, and there is little doubt that he sacrificed his life in paying the last tribute of respect to Thewlis, another old Yorkshire cricketer, who was buried last week.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. R. H. PEARSON'S CONCERT.

Mr. Pearson's concert announced for Wednesday evening the 24th inst. in the Parr Hall promises to be one of more than ordinary attractiveness. In addition to the reappearance in Warrington of Miss Clara Butt, the famous contralto, which forms the chief feature in the announcement., the opportunity of listening to Mr. William Green the eminent tenor is also held out to local frequenters of high-class concerts. And although public expectations in regard to the last-named artiste have been doomed to dis- appointment on several occasions in the past,it nosy be safely predicted that mans' admirers of Mr. Green's sing'ng will rally to his debut in Warrington, which, it is to be hoped, will not longer be delayed. The soprano and the baritone, Madame Bertha Rossow and Mr. Kennerley Rumford, come to us with the best credentials, and it will be surprising if these gifted singers do not leave behind them a most favourable impres- sion. Miss Clara Butt's excellencies are too well- known as to need expatiating upon, and a hearty welcome doubtless awaits her. As a tribute to her most recent successes it is pleasing to recall that, by command of Her Majesty the Queen, Miss Clara Butt along with Mr.. Scnnerley Rumford had the honour of singing at the concerts given before the Queen and the Royal Family at Osborne so recently as a year ago. At Mr. Pearsoa's concert Miss Butt is announced to sing, by special request, Liddle's "Abide with me '' as sung by her before the sovereign on the auspicious occasion to which we have adverted. Mons. Johannes Wolff, the distin- guished violinist, has already established himself in high favour in our midst, and his reappearance after an absence of several years will be eagerly looked forward to.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW POLICE BUILDINGS AT NEWTON.

The police court buildings which have been in course of erection at Newton are now nearing completion, and it is expected they will be ready for occupation in about a couple of months hence. It has not yet been decided whether Inspector Moran will take up his residence there,or whether the house will be allotted to one of the sergeants.

LADIES BEST MACE BOOTS AND SHOES UNDER THE CLOCK, RRIDGE-STREET.-Alvt.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-!k••

_

===== 0002601_19000112_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPLANATORY CATECHISM.

1. WHAT IS GWILYNE EVANS' QUININE BITTERS?

An excellent ve.getable Rearmiy, prepared in the mos skilful and scientific manner, and containing the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to ba the best remedial agents, and to possess the most healing and curative properties. It is now extensively used in many countries, and everywhere acknowledged as the Best Tonic Remedy known.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
2. WHAT DOES IT CONTAIN?

Quinine and the active principle of the following well-known herbs : Sarsaparilla, Saffron. Gentian, Lavender, Burdock. and Dandelion, scientifically pre- pared, and in such happy proportions as to form a Tonic Bitters positivAly unequalled.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
3. WHAT IS ITS ACTION?

It assists and pramotes Digestion, strengthens the Nerves and Muscles, purified the Blood, enlivens the Spirits, and removes all Obstructions and impurities in the Human Body. It gives tone to the whole system. It strengthens and fortifies those parts which have been weakened by Diseare and are consequently more liable to Colds and unhealthful influences. It has gained the Highest Recommendations as the Best Family Medicine and a remedy for every kind of Weakness.

11, WHAT DISEASES IS IT SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED FOR ?

Influenza, and the after effects of an attack of Influ- enza, Indigestion, Chest Affections and Disesses of the Liver in all their various forms, Neuralgia and all Nor. vous Disorders, Depression of Spirits, General Weakness. Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness.

UST PATIENTS CONFINE THEMSELVES •WITHIN DOORS

WREN USING IT?

No the working man need not abstain from his labours tbe mothlr from her household duties, or the child be kept from school while using it.

6. is THERE ANY DIFFICULTY IN PROCURING IT?

, There need be none, as it can be obtained of a Chemists and Patent Medicine Vend )rs, or will be for warded direct by the Proprietors, carriage free, on receipt of stamps. It is sold in bottle 3 2s. 91 and 4s. 61 each. Beware of Imitations. Seee the name " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

ALLEGED THEFT OF A WATCH AND CHAIN. -TICKET OF

LEAVE MAN COMMITTED FOB TRIAL.

At the Warrington Police Court on Friday, before Alderman Wright and other magistrates, James Towey, 9, Roger-street, was charged with stealing from the dwelling house of Thomas Forbes, 6, Church-street, a white metal watch, a silver chain and a medal value 269., the property of Joseph Charles Hiton, between 2.15 and 7 p m. on Wednesday.—The Chief Constable stated the facts of the case. He said that Hiton was a bedstead maker and lodged at Airs Forbes's. 6, Church-street. At seven o'clock on Wednesday morning be went out to his work at Messrs Monks, Mill and Company's, leaving the watch and guard with the attached medal safe on the mantel piece in the kitchen. Mrs Forbes saw the articles s if. at 2 o'clock when she IFIt the house, and did not return till five o'clock. On her return she missed the watch ad guard and information was given to the police. luquiries were made and it was found that the articles had been pawned at Mr. Greave's shop, Church-street, by a girl named Maguire- Defendant was subsequently arrested, and the girl identified him as being the man who gave her the things. When apprehended on Thurschy he said he remembered nothing abut it. He was a convict on ticke.t-of-leave, and the charge being one of felony, the Bench had fl) power to deal with it—Prisoner wile still said he re- membered nothing about it, was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warr'ngton Borough Court.

FaiDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Alderman Wright, Dr. Gornall, Councillor Elmethnrgt and Mr. Rep-

herd. PRoVLSION DEALER FINED.—John Dalei, 41, Old-road. Latchford, was summoned for exposing margarine for sale without having it labelled In letters 1 inches square, and also for selling margarine without a proper wrapper attached to it.—lpspector Norman gave evidence to the ,ffect that en the 14th December he visited the shop of the defendant, who was a provision dealer. On a sideboard he saw what he took to be a parcel of butter which had not a label or anything to denote what it was. He asked def-naant's wife for a pound of butter out of that parcel. and she told him it was not butter but margarine. He asked her why it was not labeeled, and she said she had been, cleaning down, and went into the back of the premises and brought a label and put it on. kie asked for a pound and she gave it to him in a piece of ordinary paper without any mark upon it. Defendant had been previously cautioned.— A fine of 10s and costs in each case was imposed. THEFT PHOM THE CHESHIRE LINES RAlLWAY.—Richard Wettings, 63, Nicholson-street, was charged with stealing, or receiving, knowing it to have been stolen, a quantity of iron chairs, the property of the Cheshire Lines Railway Company, sometime between Tuesday and Thursday last. —Mr Browae appeared for the defendant. —The Chief Constable stated the facts of the case, from which it appeared that the defendant was a green grocer and had a garden and a stable near to tne Cheshire Lines Railway premises at Proghall-lane. On the railway line, there had for some time, been a heap of iron chairs and many of them Lad been missed from time to time. In consequence of this, Instructions were given for the chairs to be piled up in a certain way. and an accurate Idea kept of the amount of iron so that if any were taken they would be readily missed. On Tuesday the heap was seen In its usual condition at four o'clock by the foreman plate- layer named Phillips. The following morning, some of the Iron was missed, and inquiries were made. On Thursday morning two witnesses named Burton and Woodson saw the defendant in his garden breaking something with a hammer. They went and examined it and found he was breaking a num,,er of chairs which were missing from the heap They asked hlm how he got the iron and he said be had bought it from a man, and it had come from there (pointing to the ' railway), and he knew be had done wrong in buying It. If they would give him a bit of time he would put it back where it came from. Information was given to the police and the man was brought to the Police Station by Superinten- dent Monaghan. When charged with receiving the property knowing It to have been stolen he said he bought it for Ss, iron a man on tbe previous night. He knew before he paid for it that it was stolen, and that it belonged to the Railway Company. For the defence Mr. Browne said the defendant was at times subject to loss of memory, light headedness,and pains in his head. Some six months ago he commenced the business of buying scrap Iron. A fortnight ago he took a load to Mr. Forshaw's, Napier-street, and there saw a ma a named Baker. On Tuesday afternoon Baker came to him and asked him if he would buy some scrap irno from him and he said he would. When he came home at night, Baker had brought the iron and it being dark, defendant could not see what kind of iron it was. He gave Baker Ss for it —A fine of 20s and costs Was inflicted.

MoNDkr.—Before ?dr. Birchall (in the Chair), Councillors Smethurst_ and Shaw Green and Mr S. Wright.

Disos•c,irur. Coxnucr ox • 'lllus.—James Tyler, Bvelyn- street. was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Liverpool-road,at 9.45 on Sunday night. —P.O. Woods proved the case. He said prisoner was on a 'bus making use of filthy language and refused to pay his fare. There were ladies on the 'bus.—A fine of 108 and costs was inflicted. DRUNK IN CHARGE.—" DIWNT KNoW WHERE HE WAS."— John Travis. 62 Old London-road, was summoned for being drunk in charge of a horse and dray in Priestley-street on the 31st December, and also for not having a lighted lamp attached to the veldele.—P.O. Smith said defendant was driving a dray from Wilderspool Erewery. It was dark and no light was attached to the vehicle. Defendant was very drunk and did not know where he was.—A fine of 15e in all was imposed. DISoRDERLY CONDUCT IN WIWMARLEIGH-STREET.—" PLAY- ING HYMNS ON • MoUTH ORGAN."—Alfrei Brown. 33. Lord Nelson-street, was summoned for committing a breach of the peace by acting in a disorderly .manner in Winmarleigh• street on the 31st Deeember.—P.C. Cooper said that at 7.5 on Sunday evening, he 31st December he was on duty in Win- marleigh-stmeet when he saw about ten youths shouting and acting in a very disorderly manner. Defendant was playing a mouth organ. When they saw witness the boys with the exception of the defendant ran away, and he Rot his name and address.—A witness was called by the defendant and said the boys were not being disorderly—ln answer to the Chief Constable he said defendant was playing a hymn on the mouth organ.—The Chief Constable and could you distin- guish a hymn on the mouth organ. Wereyou all singing the hymn P—Witness, No Sir.—The Chief Constable: As a matter of fact were you not singing" Soldiers of the Queen"? —Witness No Sir. The Chief Constable: What was the name of the hymn or perhaps you could give us the number —WitnEss: It was "Lead Kindly Light "we were playing —Defendants were !sound over and ordered Vs pay the costs (95.) A EEPUMENsIBLR PR LCTICE.—JOhiI Dickenson, 13, Brook-street, James Hill, 6, linking-court, Martin Sharyan.6, Mill-street, Thomas Cummings. 6, Jackson's-court, and Henry Shaw, 2. Morris-court, boys, were summone4 for beteg disorderly in Church-street on the 2nd inst. —A 'bus conductor stated that the defendants threw a muddy rag in a 'bus and It hit a passenger in the face. —Defendants were bound over to keep tha peace and ordered to pay Bs. 6d. costs.

FINIM FOR USING CATAPULTS.-13M03 Sh.rTAtt, 24. New- road; Christopher Moore, 17, New-road: and Richard Dun- bobbin. U. Canterbury-street, youths, were each fined 5s end costs for discharging missiles from catapults on the Ist inst. —P.C. Clough proved the ease. ALLEGED THEFT or A BICYCLE.—Harry William 'Herbert. last from Manchester. was charged that he being the bailee of a bicycle, the property of the Warrington Syndi :ate,

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 p tee Illustrated Book containing valuable information ot how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians the only Safe, sure and Genuise Remedy. Never ,ails. Thousando of genuine nnsolicited Testimonials from all over the World.—P. BLANCHARD, Forest-read, Dalton, London.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
3, • , . ' , it- • -/

•

===== 0002601_19000112_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Limited. on September 30th, did convert the same to his own use and thereby steal it.—dr. Forshaw who appeared to prosecute, asked for a remand for a week in order that Inquiries mi,iht be made as to the prisoner's antecedents. lie understood also that the Chief Constable desired to snake some inquirlee.—Prisoner said the remand was rather a long one. fie had givoqa information about the bicycle and he understood that it would be recovered.---The Chief Con- stable said it we,. not information about th bicycle they wanted so mulch as information about the prisoner. He fancied prisoner thought so too. -Prisouer was remanded for week,

TIIESDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair), Councillor

Shaw Green and Mr: Birchalt.

_ THE THEFT FROM A WAITING Boom. —ln the ease of Eliza- beth Ockleshaw, of Clifton-street, Higher Crumpsall, the Chief Constable said that the woman was before the Bench a fottnight ago on a charge of committing a theft from a wait- ing room at the Central Station. It was then stated that she represented herself to be an attendant and obtained fcom a troy in the employ of a shopkeeper a quantity of lady's wearing apparel to take charge of till the owner came to the station, and made off with the articles. She was remanded for a week, but on the day that she should have appeared he received a communication from the Medical Officer at the gaol to the effect that she was suffering from alcoholism and was unfit to attend. The previous day (Monday) he received a communication of a still paver nature from the Medical Officer, certifying that she was altogether of unsound mind, and was not fit to plead on the charge, so that he (the Chief Constable), had no alternative but to withdraw the charge of larceny. The question of her detention would now be what their worships would have to consider. He would put in the certificate from the gaol and ask them to commit her to the Workhouse as a person of unsound mind, found wander- ing at large.—ln answer to the Chief Constable, the prisoner said she did not know what town she was In.—An order was made for her detention at the Workhouse.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. Geddes (in the chair) and Birehalt.

DISoUDERLY CONDUCT AT THE WoRKHOUSE.—Mary Jane Conway and ,lary Scully, were charged with being disorderly at the Workhouse on Tuesday morning —Mr. B Shearer, appeared on behalf of the Board of Guardians. He said that the prisoners went to the Workhouse on Tu-sday morning In a drunken condition and asked for admission. On bting refused On account of their condition thcy became very dis- orderly and would no leave the premises. Each of the prisoners had been in the Workhouse before, and Scully, was one of those sent to prison a short time ago far a similar offence. Considering that the case was not a serious one the Guardians would withdraw the charge and admit them to the Workhouse.—Prisoners were accordingly discharged. OB3CENE LINGUAGR.—Richard Pye, last from Liverpool. was on the evidence of PC. Whittaker fine' 53 for using obscene language in Mersey-street, at tcn minutes past ten on Tuesday night.

THURSDAY,—Before Mr._ Johnyairclough (in the chair). and

Mr. J. Hepherd.

FAMILY DicezaTlorr.—Willi am Eopwood, Dakin-street, was charged with running awty from the borough on the 150 December, leaving his three children chargeable to the common fund of the Warrington Union.—Mr. Shearer, who prosecuted on behalf of the Guardians, said that the three children were aOrnited to the Workhouse at the beginning of December. prisoner having deserted them. This was the third time he bad run away, and on one previous occasion he had been sent to gaol. He was a fustian cutter and had been working at Patricroft whilst away.—The Chairman info:med him that it was his duty to have communicated with Mr. Shearer before going away. They could not over- look the case, and he would have to go to gaol for 2 months.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton Petty Sessions.

THURSDAY.—Before Mersrs. r• J. Gillespie (in the chair)

C. B. F. Borron and J. Wood

PLATING FOOTBALL- IN TILE STREETS*—William Herbert Gee, Thomas Canine, an 1 Wilde= Greives, youths. were summoned lon playing football on the highway at Newton on the Ist inst.— Defendants pleaded guilty with the exeeption of Groves. —P.C. Gascoyne said the defendants were kicking a football about Wellington-street Barleetown. Groves denied taking part in the game —The magistrates dis- missed the case against Groves and fined the others Is and costs. TRE.P.A.BSDIG TN SELECEL OF GAME.—William Viz ird. James Smith and Peter Lackey were summoned for trespas- sing on land in the cccupaeion of William Alderson and William Gilbert in search of game on the 18th December.— Lackey did not appear.—Mr. H. J. Longton, solicitor, War- rington prosecuted. He said that Messrs Alderson and and Gilbert were tenants of Lora: .ieewton. at Haydoek. Shortly after 11 o'clock of the morning of the 18th of December. Wiliam Middleton, faord Newton's gamekeeper. was attending to his duties on some lend edjoMing the estate oa which the offence took place, and saw the defen- dants together with a youth. He concealed himseli behind a hedge and the defeadants proceeded in the direction of Earlestawn. There was a gully overgrown with ferns and bushes, and in it were rebbite. In the Immediate neighbourhood there were ha:es and other Rams The defendants walked about in a zig-zag manner which led the gamekeeper to suppose that they were looking for rabbits. They had three dogs with them. The defendant Smith had a collie dog, sue Vizerd had a rabbit doe which it was most dangerous to take to a place where there were rabbits. Smith had previously trespassed on the land.— Evidence bearing out this statement having been given, Smith and Vizard were fined 5s and costs and Laekey was ordered to pay 105 and costs. VIOLENT AssAuvr —John Norbury was summoned for assaulting Turner Rigby on the 31st December.—Complain ant gave evidence to the effectlthat he and some cornpardons- were walking through the fields at Haydock whee defendant and some friends who were under the influeece of drink came up. Defendant asked him for a stick, and he refused to give It to him, whereupon he struck him a violent blow on the left eye, knocking him to the ground. As he was getting up he knocked him down again, and kiceed him several times about the body.—A Mee of 105 and costs was imposed. 111•TAVY FIXE Pun BEING DRUNK 13. T CIIARGE.—Thomas Lennon was summoned tor being drunk in charge of a horse and cart at Haydock on the 23rd December.—He did sot appear.—lt Was stated that defendant who was very drunk was driving a horse attached to a float. He was totally incapable of taking charge of the vehicle, which col- lided with a cab.—A fine of Ks and costs was imposed. PERSA3TENT CRUELTY TO A WlFE.—Alfred Heaton, Hay- dock, was summoned for persistent cruelty to his wife, Mien Heaton on the 22nd December. wht.reby he canted her to live apart from hlne.—Mr Swift, solicitor of St. Helens, ap- peared for the complainant. He said that the parties had been married for atont nine years. and had four children. ranging in age from eight t two years. For the first two years of their married life they seemed to have lived together erettv comfolably but for the last seven years their life had been very unhappy. Defendant was a man of lazy habits and by his cruelty and wetly by his laziness he had cause t his wife to leave him on several occa- sions. He refused to work and whsn she rernonstra:esd with him he thrashed her. Shortly before Christmas certain facts came to her knowledge that led her to come to the conclusion that not only was her husband cruel but unfaithful to her. She accused him of unfaithfniness and he thrashe her. Defendant could earn 41. 4d, a day,—The magistrates granted a separation order, defendant to contribute is. 6d. weekly to the maintenance of his wife and children. DRUNLENNESS.—The following were tined for drunkenness —John Jones, James Edgerly, and William Burrows, 2s. Bee, and costs ; David Williams (fifth appearance), 10s. and 03 s• James Ryder. and Patrick Mallett, ss. and cos

===== 0002601_19000112_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. Henry Reynolds (in the chair) and

F. J. NOrman.

LICENSING.—Henry Treadwell, was granted temporary authority to sell at the Bridge Inn, Ashridge-street, Runcorn. DRUNKENNESS AND MINOS OFFENCES —John Crosswell, Nelson-street, a labourer, was fined 5s and Sc 6d costs for drunkenness and disorderly conduct on 10th December.— John Molyneaux, Heath-road, Weston wh3 admitted having drank 12 pints and 5 glasses, and to breaking a pane of glass, was also fined 5s and 8s 6d costs.—Thomas and Ella tbeth Carrington, man and wife. Duke-street, were summoned for being drunk in Percivals-lane on the 23rd December. The woman, who appeared, was fined 5s and 8.3 6d costs or? days ; and a warrant was issued for the apprehension of the hus- band.—William Bennett, for being drunk in High- lands-road, Runcorn, was fined 5s and costs or 7 days.—Richar i Moores, 24, Walton-road, Stockton Heath, was fined 2s 6d, for forsaking his dray and team on the 13'th of December. and leaving the same twe hours in the street at Halton,—The case was proved by P.C. Upton.—Henry Parkins n, for drunkenness and disorderly behaviour in Lock-street, was fined 5s and Sc 6d costs. HIDE AND SEEK.—ilosanneh Kay, Halton-road, summoned her sister-in-law Elizabeth Hand. for assault, about a month ago. On the first occasion Kay did not appear to support the charg-, and the case was adjourned for her t 3 be present. —The following court day. Kay turned up, and Han i was absent, so that a further adjournment was necassarv.—At the present sitting only the complainant Key came forward again, and pressing that the matter might .be proceeded with was granted a warrant for the apprehension of Hand.— In her evidence the complainant alleges her sister-in-law entered leer house, and streak her, giving her a black eye. Temselea thr PURSUIT OF GANIE. —John Povey, 23, Nelson- street. Runcorn. was charged with tresoessing on land in he occupation of John Fryer and Thxnas Batieley,in pursuit tof game; and with killing a hare on the 25th of December, at Norton.—James Mocres, Brickyln Houses. and John Jolley, Pennington Row, Runcorn. were charged with aiding and abetting Povey; and the whole three were further charged with unlawfully using clo.:s to Icili game.—The de- fendants pleaded not guilty, but admitted having a hare in their possession and to being on the soot —Joseph tioug!)ton assistant gamekeeper, in the employ of Sir Richard Brooke, Bart. said on Christmas day, he was on duty near the bridge Norton, at about 10.30 in toe morning. He saw the defen- dants on the side of the canal about 100 yards from the New Turnover Bridge. At the time there were several hares in Mr. Bangley's field. The defendants had three dogs with them, two of which were of the greyhound species.—Povey and Moores had the greyhounds, which they sent after the hares. The dogs caught a here, and Povey made an attempt to go for it. but on seeing witness went back. Povey then went to Fryer's field, when the dog brought the hare and carried it up to the men. Jolley took possession of it. and put it in his pocket. Witness then went in the direction of Preston Brook and re- poeted the matter to Mr. Rigby, the head-gamekeeper, with whom he sitbsequently went up to the men, and took the hare from Jolley. The men asked hint to overlook the occnrrence for that time.—Mr. George Rigby, head-game keeper in the employ of Sir hichard Brooke, corroborated.— The Chairman observed that defendants would be fined 5s awil 9s 6.1 costs in each of the cases, or 14 days with hard labour in default.

Ih:FT OF A Hap Svviicniclas.—.l.2t UNLIKELY Spear.— John Powell. Nelson-Areet, was charged with stealing half a sovereign the money of Harry Urrnison, licensee of the " Manchester House " beerhouse, Chur3h-street, on the 6th of January.—From the evidence of Mrs, and Mr Urtnison, and Constable Fry, it would appear that on the night of the theft, Mrs Urmlson was in the kitchen Writing some letters, when someone came end asked her for change of sa sovereign. and she put half a sovereign and some silver on the table. At the time a man came into the house creating a disturbance and she went to see what was the matter. Upon her return she missed the half sovereign. Prisoner was the only person In the kitchen at the time, and she asked him about it, but he persistently denied taking it. Subsequently she told her husband about the affair, and he asked Powell if he had taken it. Powell replied "I have not had it, but I will give It you back." Mr, Urmison said that was a peculiar state- ment to make and told him he did not want anything back that he had not taken. Prisoner later stated he had taken the half sovereign, end given it his wife, as he wanted to buy bread withilt. The hotel keeper raid he would be quite satisfied if that was so, and the money could b paid back

THE NEW FRRNCH REMEDY. TFIERAPION This successful and highly _ . popnlar remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Risord Rostan,Jobet, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, ilotches, pains avd swell- ings of the joints, kidney, oladder, end urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, pi!es, gravel, pains in the batik, rheu- matism, gout, exhaust:onoleeplessness,narvous and physical dr.:bility, eta. Therapion is prepared in three uifferent forms Noi. 1,2, and 3, according to cllse4ses for which intended. Full p aleulars send stamped adiressed envelope for pkamphlet to TIR. It. JOHNSON, 43, lioLroßD-SQUARE LONDON, W.C.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY JANUARY 12, 1900.

anytime when the prisoner got work;but on enquiry the wife said she hai received nothing from her husband. The matter then got into the hands of Constable. Fry and he took the prisoner into custody and charged him with the offence. Prisoner replied that he had seen her put the halfsovereign on the table, but be did not take it. His was innocent and knew nothing about it. At 8-30 on iunday night, however. prisoner maue a stathmekt to Superintendent Pearson to the effect that he took the m sney with ti intention of giving it to his wife, but when he got atarted on the way home he was afraid orgetting his wife into a tOthor too, so he re- turned, climbed the fence, and threw the money into the Ship Canal —Pritoner who had nothing to say pleaded guilty.—He was seatenced to 14 days hard labour.

- IMPUDENT TRAMPS.-O,IE SEYERELY DEALT WITH.— Patrick Swift, charged with begging in Cooper-street on the 6th of January. pleaded not guilty. —Thomas Goulding, to a similar charge pleaded guilty.--Constable Brett. said in con- sequence of complaints of men answering the prisoner's des- cription begging in Cooper-street he arrested the two —Mrs. Sarah Ann Webb 26, Cooper-itreet, anti Mrs. liilza-,eth akefield, 13, Cooper-street, said they were not sure of the prisoner Swift,tut Goulding had been bagging at their houses. He asked for a pair of boots. and on being told there were no:i any he had frightened both witnesses by telling them they would have to find a pair.—Prisoner Goulding admitted it was se. He had had a drop of drink and it affected him that way.—Mr. Norman said he ought to be ashamed of himself going about frightening unprotected temales like that. He was only sorry he could not send him for a longer period than 14 days. However he would be committed for that period with hard lalocur.—Switt was discharged.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. N view of 'he approaching Football Season, it may be In 1 terestinz to state that the worid-famed manuf *cturers Gco. G. BUSSEY & 00.. of London. arm preparing a stock o Balls. which for quality. uniformity, ant durability, will b unique. These bails will be distinguished by the app.arance thereon of their well known trade mark <-aeee. Ask th 'mai Sports Dealer for their Catalogus. If not procurable, apply to 36 33, Queen Victoria-street London Factories —Yeethlm, London; and Elmswell, Suffolk.—Advt.

* * Secretaries ot Football Clubs are requested to note that rep,nts of matches plav-d on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office, Bawscy-stmet, Warrington, n3t later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning or they cannot be Inserted.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES UNIONISM. Meeting of the Warrington Trades

and Labour Council.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labanr Council was held at the "Waggon and Horses" Inn, Buttermarket-street,on Tuesday evening. Mr. A.C. Binks, the president, presided over a ggod attendance of delegates. THE LATE MB. JEFF BENNION.

The CR&IRBIAN proposed the following resolution "That the members of this Council regret the death of Mr. J. Reunion an old member of this Council, and wish to forward their very great sympathy to his relatives and friends in their sad bereavement. He referred to Mr. Reunion's connection with the Council, and ex- pressed his sorrow at his eteath. Mr. BROWN seconded, and the resolution was unanimously passed. CHEAP TRAINS FOR WORKMEN.

The Secnemax read a letter which he had received from the Lancashire Federation of Trades and Labour Councils, with reference to the unsuitable conditions ' under which workmen travelled. It stated that the efforts of the Cheap Trains Sub-Committee of the Manchester Corporation to obtain more equitable treatmem for the working Clifidf-S had only resuited in an inadequate and, in some cues, trivial reduction in workmen's fares. The Manchester and Salford Trades and Labour Council had intormed the varioug Railway Companies of the dis,atisfaction of the workin4 classes with the meagre 'concessions which were brought into operatien on the 14 July last, and sac;eties atfiliat?d with the Council had passed, and torwarded to the Railway Companies copies of the following resolution:— "That the Railway Companies be and are hereby called upon (a) to revise their late decision and devote to the working classes the prowr share of the funds of which they, under the Cheap Trains Act, 1883, retain posses- sion, and provide workmen's fares on a par with these which ootain in the working class districts of Landon and Glasgow ; and (b) to obviate insufficiency of accommodation which exists in come trains to the discomtert of workmen, :contract ticket holders, and other passengers." Toe CELAIRMLN said the Council had previously passed- resolu; ions on the matter, so it was decided Co take no further action. BAKERS AND THEIR HOURS.—BILL TO BE INTRODUCED IN. PARLIAMENT.

The receipt of a letter I rom the s‘.lcratary of the amal- gamated Union of Cperative Bakers and Confectioners, enclosing a copy of a Bill to be introduced into the. House of Parliament next session by Mr. Lg. Woods. M.P., was reported. The Bill provides that no employe shall work in a bread. biscuit or cake bakery, or in a pastry or confectionery estiblishment more than 48 hours in one week, or more than right hours in any one day, unleAs for the purpose of making a shorter work day on the list day of the week, and that no baker shall commence work earlier than five o'clock in the morning, and work later than eight o'clock in the evening. Toe Union asked the Council for their support. Th. tollowint resolution was unsninsously passed : "This meeting hereby expresses its approval of the forty-eight hours bakehouses Bill to be introducod into the House of Commons in the next Session of Parlia- ment, 1900, by Mr. S. Woods, M.P. Also that copies of the Bill be sent to our local members of Parliament re- questing them to undertake a ballot for a place and to further give it their support in its various stages through the House." LANCASHIRE FEDERATION OF TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCILS.

The PRESIDENT Was unanirnouity elected representa- tive of the Council at the forthclming annual meeting, of the above loderation.

THE FILESMITHS' STRIKE.

On behalf of the Filesmiths' Association,Mr. Battersby the secretary, cordially thanked all who had contributed sums of money towards the maintenance of the men who are at present on strike. Unfortunately at., strike was still progresaing, and had now lastsd six months which was a long tinib for them to hold out. They were still being well supported,. but it was a bitter and a crucial test to them. It took a great deal of money to maintain them so long. They had spent over £3,000 in strike pay since they commenced and they had received over £2,000 from different societies. He thought the fact that they had received that amount showed that the cauqe was a just one, and that trades unionism was not a myth as it had bee represented to be. On Saturday last, two delegates ad. dressed the glass bottle makors oi St. Helens, and a re— solution was passed, grantiug the men £4O, which had been handed over to them. The employers had been approached about four times with a view to settlement bot they refused to lioten to the offers put forward by the men. The Board of Trade had taken action,and the Mayor(Alderman Roberts) h4cl approached the employers on the matter but they took no more noticl of him than anyone else They said they were masters of the situa- tion and would have no interference. The Mayor del all be possibly could and the men wished to thanked him.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSCRIPTION.

It was decided that the consideration of the above subject be left over till the next meeting. This was all the business. Funeral of the Late Mr. J. Swinton.

On Saturday afternoon the remains of the late Mr. Joseph Swinton,of Mainfield's Farm, Middleton, were interred in the churchyard of St. Oswald's Parish Church. Winwick. The weather was very unfavourahle,and no doubt prevented many friends from being present to pay their last respects to the deceased. The mourners and friends present were Mr Peter Birchall (son-in-law); Masters Frank and Reginald Birehall (grand sons); 4essrs James,Joseph, Thomas and William Roughton (brothers-in-law) ; Mr Smith (brother-in-law) ; Messrs Joseph Hough- ton, jun., Frank Houghton Bennett, and Kirkland Bros. (nephews) ; Mr 0 Brim)low, Mr J Daintith (undertaker), and others; whilst Mr J W Knowles, C.C. ; Mr Alker (Warrington),and many others were present at the church. The funeral service was impressively read by the Rev. Canon Penrhyn,rector and rural dean, assisted by the Rev W Williams, curate. The coffin was of lime polished oak, with handsome bras furniture, and on the plate was en- graved the following simple inscription : "Joseph Swinton, born June 15th. 1830, died January 4th, 1900." Several beautiful crosses and wreaths cm- nosed of choice ferns and flowers were contributed by relatives and friends.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE. SENIOR COMPETITION.

Warrington Win at Tyldesley.

The return meta,. between Warriagten and Tyldesley was played on the ground of the latter in most miserable weather. tee rain falling in torrents the whole time. From virious calves. Warrington were only able to place a weak team in the field, substitutes having to be found for Bonner, Smith, Fish, Taylor, and Swift. Tyldesley were short of Eekersley at three-quarter. Hallam played full hack for Warrington, Jewkes filling the vacancy on the wing, while James went centre. There were only about 300 spectatore present when Jones started the game for Warrington. No reply being made, play settled down in the Tyldesley half. In spits of the greasy bill, ths Warrington backs went in for passing, and a concerted movement nn toe nett of Duckworth, Jones, nod Isherwood almost ended in a score, the last named being cleverly broeght down by Barrett. A rush of the home f ;re:rates removed play to the other end, and Worthington tried to Cross the line, but found tha attentions ef elallam too much for him. By lofty kicking and gold following up Warrington again attacked, and Hoettenhall intercepted a pass in- tended for Barrett, and with only the full back to pass looked all over a sever, but he was overtaken by Geintilay, and pulled down a yard from the line. The ball subseceently rolled into touch, but only a minor was recorded from the punt out. The drop out brought Tyldesley no relief, ark.' . after a lot of exchange kicking Isherwood math a punt, and Norbury, foolishly touch- ing the ball as it was going over his hied. put Warring- ton oneide, and Been htd nothing to do but run up and drop on the ball near the pests Jones had no diffi- culty-in adding two points. This reverse had a baneful effect upon Tyldesley, whilst it correspondingly elevatel the Veirepullers," and after some trick," passing Isher- wood ran down on the rieht, and then kicked across to Elockenhall on the left, that clever player taking the ball at top speed and running in the second try. This time Jones was uneqiial to the task of kicking a goal. Tyldesley puttee themselves torther and the forwards dribbhog in characterietio style got down to the War- rington end, only to be repulsed by Hallam, who was playing a seund full hack game. The Warrington for- wards parked very well, and as a result their halves were in frequent possession of the ball. Allen broke away grandly, and passed at the right moment to Isher- wood, who served Jones, and the latter showing a fine turn of speed got over the line, but the place kick failed. Play was on the half way line when Jones took a pass intended by Aldred for Barrett, and outstripping his opponents eot over the Tyldesley line, but in his eager- ness to ground near the posts he stepped over the dead bill line, and the try had to be disallowed. This was distinctly hard arils for Warrington. At the interval War- rington were leading by a goal and three tries to nothing. Quite a change came over the game in the second half. Warrington seemed to bave exhausted their scor- ing energiee in the first half,. whilst Tyldesley. on the other band, were apparently endowed with a now loess of life, their smart energetic play being in striking con- trast to the raggedness and want of resources shown before the interval. No sooner had the ball been set in motion than they here down upon the Warrington line it a body, and with a little more finish would have scored. Hallam, Isherwood. Duckworth. and Jones showed good defensive tactics, but the Tyldesley for- wards, who were rushing the scrummages and playing the coreect game, considering the greasy state of the ball and the heavy condition of the ground, returnee again and again to the attack, and it was only the keen watchfulness and sure tee:elute of the Warrington backs that kept them out. For thirty out of the thirty-five minutes in this hen they were on the aggressive, but lacked the necessary finish to score. The game thus ended in a win fn - Warricgton by a goal and three tries (11 !Joints) to nothing Swinton V. St. Helens.

The teams at Swinton were well aiatehect, and as neither side ermld gain any tangible advantage, the re- sult was a pointless draw.

Salford v. Stockport.

Hervy rain at Silforcl spoiled this match. Saville dropp.d a g1;1 for Stoakport and alga kicked a coal from Griffiths' try, ax7hile. for Stlford Hadwen landed a goal from a try by Thomas. In the result Stockport won by two goals and a try Wane goal and a try.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Millom v. Rochdale Hornets.

Even play characterised this match at Millom. Just before to close of the qam e Kruger obtained a try fur the visitors, who wen by three points to nil.

Oldham v. Leigh.

Oldham, playing at home, won this game easily by a goal and four tries to a try. S. Lees landed a penalty goal for Oldham, and the same player twice and Davies and Williams once each gained tries. Davies obtained the try for Leigh.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Huddersfield v. Wakefield.

The visitors at Huddersfietd showed to fine advantage in this match. played before 5.000 spectaPors. F. Dew- Imrst scorcd first for Huddersfield, Lerrimen converting the try. In response Thresh and Lockwood each gained tries for the visitors, and Metcalfe improved on one. victory thus rested with Wakefield by a goal and two tries to a goal and a try.

Manningham v. Hull.

Hull Were outplayed at Manainghatn, the local club winning easily by fire goals and two tries to a try. tonaldron (two),Wils)n,RhoJes,aud Sunderland dropped goals for the winnars. Wilson and Greenwood also gain- mg tries ; while Sowerby crossed the lino for Hull. Leeds Parish Church N. Bromley.

A good game was witnessed at Leeds, the visitors nroviial victeriou3 by two goals to OM Wade scored first far the Church team,the winners.' goals being kicked by Parkes. Liversedge v. Halifax.

Halifax were too strong for Liversedge on the latter's around, and won by a goal and two tries to nil. Mai- linsva (two) and Stoyle got over the line, Wood convert- ing the latter's try. CastlefOrd v. Leeds.

Early in this match at flastleford, Brady obtained a try fnr the home team, which Niel anynented by a second. Castieford thus won by six points to nil.

Holbeck v. Batley.

Davies (t•.-0). a* 1 Grath ribtained tries for Batley in their match at Fielbcck, and as the local club failod to respond the visitors %von by three tries to nil.

Hull Kingston Rovers v. Hunslet.

Seven thouFand people viewed this match at Hull where the home side were victors by two goals and two tries to a goal ard a try. Bradford v. Brighouse.

Fared at Briuhouse. tho visitors showing superior form and winning by 2 goAls, 4 tries (16 point, to a try (3 points).

NORTHERN UNION. MEETING OF TUE COUNTY COMMITTEE.

DISPUTE BF.,PWEEN WIDNE3 AND LANCASTER. At a mr.eting of the rommittee, in Manchester, on Tuesday niett. the chief item wag a claim by Widnes against Laneagter for a sum of £25, on the ground that Lancaster, who visited them on Bank Holiday, turned np 72 mints late. thug completely spilling their 2ate. The Committee decided that they had no power to award damac,es, or order tho match to be replayed. All they cou!d order was Lancaster to pay 723 for late start, and this wag done.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

A. meeting of the Comp' tition Committee was held in Manchester on Tuesdly night. Mr. 3 Underwood, lA igan, presiding. Stockport claimed that Broughton Rangers had taken them on an abortive journey to play their match at Broughton on December 9, the Rangers not having stifficientiv covered their ground. The Stockport claim was for £6. They were allowed £1 to cover expenses. All postp,ned matches have to be arranged mutually before next meeting or the Committee will fix them. Mr. Rlinge (Rochdale Hornets) was granted the Northern Union me,lal in rnencznitinn of past services. THE WIGAN CLUB.

With reference to the reported engagement by the Wi.ran R u2hy Club of the brothers Harris the elder a forward of the Swaniea Club. and the other the wall. known three quarter of the Naath continzent,it is stated that the two men had Ipft the town the same day in con- sequence of the t,,rms offered not being acceptable. For a lone time the WIYAMPr9 have been endeavouring to secure the three-quar•er player, end there is little doubt that, had not a difficulty arm as the result of one brother twine *elnetan to join the Wigan organisation without his brother, the vount,rer Harris would in all probability hlye b,en participating in N.)rthern Union games aeyeral we4c. nen.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
' LINSERD COMPOWID ' (Trade Mark) Rives ex- pectoration without strain, 9id., 130. Sold by Chemists ouly.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Cairo-siWet Chapel.

The Young People's New Year Festival Service waS held in tbe above clispel on Sunday evening. 'nem wee a good attendance of the past and present elder slholars who had been specially invited to attend. Special hymns were sung, and an: instructive $ 3rmon, by the Rev Wfi Drummond, on "Bravery," was listened to with awe attention.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel.

Mr. W. A. Sandford was the preacher on Sunday morning. In the afternoon the annual consecration service was held, conducted by the Rev. Theodore Bis- hop. The same gentleman preached on Sunday evening, and spoke from the words "And who is willing to conse- crate his servi 395 unto the Lord 11" fie said there were many lazy people in this world—lazy bodily, morally and spiritually. Of all those lazy spiritually were the worst. God's service was a willing one, and there was no compulsion. recruiting sergeant in England did not force youths to join the colours, so it was in God's service. If ministers used conscription there would be a great number of Chrisrians in the world.

Memorial Services at Warrington.

The Late Mr. Finney,

There was a good congregation on Sunday morning at St. Psul'a Church, when a memorial service to the late Mr. D. W. Finney was held. In the course of his ser mon the Rev. E. R. Tarbuck (vicar) made suitable refer- ence to the deceased gentleman. He said that week their congregation had suffered a sad loss, and not their own people only, but the whole town of Warrington mourned to-day the wrenching apart for a time of some of those bonds of earthly Mendable which were se dear to them, and which helped to make life worth living. But three months ago Mr. Finney retired from public life and duty after a long and arduous course of great dignity and usefulness. On his retirement into private life he (the preacher) was particularly struck by the manifold evidences of the respect in which he was held by young and old, rich and poor, in all parts of the town, but particularly by all classes in that parish in which he had worked for the looe. period of 35 years,and he had talked with men who were now middie-aged,but whom as boys at St. Paul's schools Mr. Finney had educated in things both temporal and spiritual. By those and such as those,who might be counted, he supposed by hundreds, Mr- Finney was respected and even revered. Mr. Finney had ,yorked, as headmaster at St. Paul's schools, during a time of very marked progress in the nation 'S views as regarded elementary education, and it stood greatly to his credit, that be himself progressed with this proeress, and in fact helped to encourage on every pos- sible opportunity that public opinion which ruled the actions of evert' department of State, and was also the moral atmosphere in which they lived and which they breathed from day to day. Mr. Finney was always most willing to adopt any new suggestion either from the Education Board or from the managers. Be had only known Mr. Fioney himself for the short space ot nine months, but during that time his respect for him had continually grown, and their mutual relations had been of the most cordial nature. Mr. Finney was emphatic- ally a gentleman and a loyal Churchman, but if there was one trait in his character which seemed to him to stand out more prominently thee others it was his urbanity. He personally felt that he had lost for a time a good friend and well wisher. The sympathy of the whole town went eutto those dear ones whom he had left to mourn his loss,but that sympathy was naturally more deeply felt by the congregation of St. Paul's, among whom he had lived and worshipped and to whom he was always such a pattern of reverence. Might the hand of God be clearly seen in all this. Might they and especially his widow and children,feel that God had but woven another cord around their hearts to join them to His eternal self and to draw them with ever decreas- ing reluctance to the principles of right, of love and of eternal wisdom. Might the comfort of the Holy Spirit up- hold Mr.Finney's family at that time,and might the grace of God be given to them all that they might apply their hearts unto wisdom and so might they end their highest happiness and deepest peace:in the praise of their ever- lasting and ever loving Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. At the close of the service Mr. Wilkes, who presided at the organ, very ofilcieetly played .the Daid March in "Saul."

===== 0002601_19000112_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Church.

At Wycliffe Congregational Church, Bswsey-street. on Sunday evening. the Rev. John Yonge preactied a special eermon in which he made reference to several of the Wycliffe friends who have recently died, taking for his text" Ye sorrow not, even as others who have no hope" (I. Thess. iv. 13), and "I even I, am He that comforteth you" (Isaiah li. 12). In the course of his remarks he said that an unusual number of their people and their families were entering upon this New Year in surroundings of great sorrow. The gloom and shadow that were upon them all, by reason of the national crisis were intensely deepened for these friends by reason oa their own personal and family experience. Surely as community they sympathind with them sincerely an deeply. They would try to enter into their affliction an help them more bravely to bear it by the sense of thoid loving fellow feeling. One of the cardinal Christian graces and the suprernest Christian duties was to enter into the lives and experience of others. " Rejoice with them that do rejoice ; end WM) with them that weep." They grew in true Christian life proportionate!y as they had the heart at leisure from itself. To soothe and sympathize—was not that, indeed the Christian and Christ-like .heart? He was never too busy, too self centred, too self absorbed to notice, and to care for, and to enter into the sorrows of others. He came to minister. "I am among yen as one that serveth." Never was any e'suffering to Him a matter of indifference Never did He withhold His matchless sympathy from these whose lives were troubled or whose hearts were sad. "He went about doing good." He ever gently but firmly rebuked, and removed the fears and griefs of the anxious and the stricken. He thought that all their hearts went out that evening to their young friends —one who had just buried his young wife of two short years, and the other 'alio had. had taken from her side the husband of but six brief months! His heart went out to those who were thus stricken with such grevious loss ! Among those also whom they remembered with regret that night was the man in middle life, the father of a numerous family, who now were left in early orphanhood with neither mother or father to watch over them. Life must look blank and strange to those young hearts, and the world would seem cold unless Christian sympathy could gather round them. Those yoting people had been, and gems still were, echolars in their school. Also there bad passed away from membership in the Church on earth two of their venerable seniors, ono at 71 and the other at 78. Neither of them bad been present with them in that Church for a considerable time, one from having gone to reside in a distant town, and the other from infirmity. Mr. William Owen and Mrs Sarah Boardman had both exceeded the three score years and ten, and now their earthly course was ended and they were passed to the" rest that rernaineth for the people of God." Both of them had lived consistent lives. They lamented over the vacancies that thus were caused. Their departures were losses to them, and they knew that)no oho could ever fill up those vacancieq.Time,with its wondrous faculty of healing power, would deubtless do much to assuaee and reconcile, and so, while they never lost the memory of the &Darted, they would feel less keenly the grief of their 1-:ss. -

Nothing steadies the nerves and clears the brain likA a - strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence. In - bottles from all Grocers. 82 -

FLORILINE I—Fo R THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, preyk. 1. ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt.

LINSEED COMPOUND' (Trade Mark) for Coughs and Colds, a proven efficacy, 131 d. Sold by Chemists only.—Advt.

ALL COUNTRY PEOPLE should read The Rural World id. weekly, which contains articles or !lc,. ses, Cattle, tine Dairy, Poultry, Bees, Rabbits, Pigs. Gardening, Natural History, Botany of the Farm and Garden, the Home, Foreign and. Colonial Intelligence. Anwers to Correspondents, etc. It is profusely illustrated and is altogether, is most interest- ing and instructive farming and country paper. A good medium for servants requiring situations. The Manager ffers to send a specimen free. The address is 110 and 11 STRUM, London, W.—Advt.

DR. DE.ROO'S I%IPOUND VINN.A..L PILLS

celebrated all over the world as the most safe and ,oeedy remedy for Pains In the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheum itisna, Weakness across the Loins. Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the illacider, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs gen, !ally. Many complains. supposed 'o be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bars the Government stamp, wl,h the words, •• WALTER 1313 11003. LONDON," thereon, by order of Her. Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. Itd, and Es. 9.1.. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors, Holiord House, liolfOrd-squaro, London, W.O.

CO Ate Pie' ape,

":"2 I•xs' Ela Y 4 • , , tt, %TM strsil -4 eL iNkh, &A' 6i; i„ls ,

CHRONIC BRoricurns, WHEEZING

will cease at once by using that wonder-

ful invention, Zeinatone Asthma Powder To prove the efficacy of this preparation ask for a free sample from ZEIVIATONE CO.

90. GREAT RUSSELL ST., LONDON. kNIPLE FREE.

YOU A BAD LEG Y Illrowuonndndswlthhatingaismchma.yieon aonr dostwheolrlwanise, tha.p.. ev,rtnean you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the 1121- pression If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds,: the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have ,'tended various hospitals arid had medical advice, an 1 peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Cider for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBURT, 73, FARUIN9DoN-BTRICr2 LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PIMA which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs House maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pois 31.61 Hand Bunions.

H \rE

===== 0002601_19000112_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
savt

===== 0002601_19000112_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBEMT

(From a p:

For all of those conditions of the system reveal- ing a loss of vitality aud a general decline of health there has never been a remedy found so cffeccuAl as Scott's Emulsion. This statement may seem a trifle overdrawn, and yet it is not, because, in the first place, science has never found a substitute fnr cod-liver oil, and in the second place Scott's Emul- sion makes this oil not only sweet' to the taste, but actually more effectual than it io in any other form.

Hereis the case of a gentleman in North Wales who was noels] good health and ha& been suffering for two years from a sever cold. To quote his owu Itoguage,

'-'27,-Pdarcus-qtreet Carnarvon, "North Wales, February 1511. 1899. " Gentletuen,—lt gives me great pleasure in te?- Wring to, the merits of Scott's Emulsion. For the last two years I have been suffering from a severe cold, which was accempanied by terrible pain! Ia the chest and stomach, especially in the region of the heart, and I also raised blood. I tried different things, but they did not seem to benPfft me in any way. I happened to read about Scott's E nulsion, and I wrote you for a sample bottle, which you were kind enough to send me. After I had COQ-.

HUGHES. otazraoh.)

tinond treatnimt I was in better/health than I had 13;.en fo: the last two year. }3sidei finding Scott's Emulsion so strgngthening it is :nost pleasant to take. I shall rr.clrom!lnd it to all my friends, as I think it invaluable.—Yours faithfully, (Signed) ROBERT UUGI- tS.

The problem in administering cod-liver oil is to overcome its taste, and also to give it in a form that will not tax digestion. The reason plain cod-aver oil is not practical is because it is hard to get patients to take it, and even if they do succeed in t thing it, their digestive system finds it a burden, and convqueutly very little of it is absorbed into the blood. Scott's Emulsion is perfectly palatakle, and it wraps each minute globule of oil in a thin coatiog of glycerine, and in this way greatly facilitat,s absorption without digestive elort. The hypophosphites of lime and soda in Scott's Emulsion help materially in giving the sybtem strength and a healthier tone throughout. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chemists, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C., and mentioning this paper. All chernists sell Scott's Emulsion.

'Au) in the bed all the family elPpt. The floor V 7 3.8 filthy and the sl'.ench Was tPrrible. To, role was of drunken habits and stayed in tha pa bile house :ate at night. The woman got; drunk when she had any money. Inspector Ilackltt had reported the case many times before taking proceedings. The Chairman: A decant pig would not live under such conditions.

Evidence blaring out Mr. Browne' tatement having ben give.n, the Chia Constable stated that the woman had been before the court four times for drunkenness, and the man had made seven appea:ancas for SCnool cases.

The male defendant said that between 303. and 355., went into the hluse every week. His wife sold every- thing for drink. It c3st him £8 for clothes for the ciiiidrm last Walking Day, and A fortnight later they had not a halfpenny•vorth of clothing on them. His wife even pawn,d hi. clethes. Whatever she could sell she would sell for drink.

The wife admitted tha:', what ber husband said was true.

The Chairman said the CASH was a very sad one. The house was worse than a pig-stye. The female defend- ant would be sent to gaol for three months. She was no: fit to have charge of children. The case against the male defendant wculd be adjourned for sm weeks in the hope that during that time he would effect an improve- ment in the condition of his children and hom?.

• RHEUMATISM OF THE HEART CURED.

Mr. John Higginson, Spinning Master, tells Low 111 wa Cured of that Dread Disease.

Everyone thought he was dying, yet he was Restored to Health and Strength by Dodd's Kidney Pills.

Defective Kidneys render possible all that claq3 oE human misery known as Rheumatism, GoIV, Ltlinbago, Neuralgia, or S2iatica. Any of thege disorders will at once begin to disappear the nasment the Kidneys non-.- m'epice to cast out the poisonous Uric Acid from the blood. This is the reason why the supreme virtues of a Kidney Medicine, embodied In Dadd's Kidney Pills,have never yet ty.)ea applie.l in vain.for the cure of Rheuma- tism in any of its forms.

Take the case of Mr. John Higginson, as repoitsd in the" Blackburn Standard," July 8, 1899 _

" I commenced to be ill four years ago,my pain !Ant near the heart. I consulted a doctor, who said I was suffering from rheuma`isr.o at the MUICId of the heart. After a time I foued if I continued his treatment I shoal] go out altogether. After that another doctor treated me for six months, and everybody said I was going to die. Another doctor told me I had a fatty heart and on his advice I went to Liverpool to see a physician but still I got no better. I c 3rnmito.i another doctor in Manchester, in fact I was tired of doctoring. "About the beginning of tbia year I saw in a news- paper an account of some remarkable cures made by Dldd's Kidney Pillsond determined to at least try them. After taking ene box I began t. feel easier, but took several boxes before the pain broke up—and lam der, fain Dodd's Kidney Pills

-t-, 'r -••••;;;;;,-...•.,t ''', , ,--...., .---•-',':-:, - ..?**--3 if ;;:_ •; ' ''':l.t ,1..:. '..t, .._ ,?. 'd- , ...,,,% •,; *_.;,":7; • - . 4f, , •:.4; -,::.-•.-1.,% I, 'V :, ~:,.=.,---:-----,----.,:. ... - ''',7;;;;"-"-' .i' •kf. • . ‘. ;.......1 . , ' ic: ~:%'-':-;:-,•-•-.-........ i. • -_, , -',--2',...' :$ 4 ',5•:, --,:i.1.-g:.% •••,•:.,' ~,[:-:,., :'...-.•-.1'.'::1, ,•--0.:.:',1 :f.. :.''.•: •;,:'''-• 5-,15,ii,-I.'• . • ' '....,. ~,,,,, ..::,-,>,,•••ri' ....:: • - ~•;:••;. • . 1.•••:-:.s.:::' .•,:.;;:..:-..-... . , , '-:',,.414-'......-1,'....-......:i'...-..-...'.....1:.::,.'.1.............,;',!:;....::'.1.,.. ,'.,.:.. '. .;:.::::...:,:.::::::1::-::::.::::::.:::.:::? „:•ii. . . ..... . : -::. :•-..? -::. .:::::.:i::•.;?:::.' --",-'-'• ~.`\ 's• ..,,,,,...,....'..•..,..,....ig ..!' :...*.::::..':.....:. :...':....: •,.....,.,:.•:,:. ..-,.....:...-:.?:.5.:.:.?...:.i.i:ii:.::.ii?...1;;;i:;:::,?. .. ''" --------.--:,,,..•*•••:::::.::!: '.0.,.!'.... :::::•:i::1.::i::::::..,.::. :: ...;....:.:0 ?;;;;;....:i....i:::,::::::::::::::-.:,..?.;!:::•:, .‘.?#' ' ;.. ,•,.'",.......:•::::::::11:::?:.?. ..,....,.....,.....;.:..,:•:•••:•::::.•,;•-•.:,-,.. : -:: • ••• -......:•,•,yr•f%•••:'.:::::::::::::ig:'• ''•::.!;:::?'• . •:•-•?..:.::?.:1 , iiii:i,i:i :1,,,.."•;•:,:,,..,:::://' • • • . '.•••:••'•'•":.;•::•::•::::••••::•"':::,,::•••:••:•::•,?.::. ,:•''''• '%--",:-:-::::-.--_______;--,- ..--f:41::•.-:..: .-'-'.:::::.i: .............. Vi*:;::::".. s • .: .•:::::, '',.. ::: ::•; : : 1;,:,•:::.,i:•>:54.:•••:•''. ' 0.------:•.--.1iiiji:Ii.:•,.•i•-#:'•;:iii::.:.:.:F,FOlii5'.•.4.0:W ',..••::•1••: .;.:•: :•1:::::• - i:..::::::..:4:::;-,;,',,;:•;,•.,;•;;•-•7••••,.. •:::.,....._—_,...-„,--:-7....,::-, :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: :., ,•;;;;',. • • ....•:•:;... ; •' • *--•••"///' '• -%:::-.X,`:•?,;::. • ..,--.___.— --.'-..." :., ....................................... '1 • /' ~• • •' .- ::.::.::::•::::-:../.: / •;:,' • -......---.---•'•:, . •.: ... ::•,:•:::•-...r5-:,:;::•-i•-, :: ::::. i i :',-;- -•• '../., ....,::t •• 1.•,%:. .----:-=_------; ..... -.:-,----_,--,--,5•:•:•:•'i ii;:i• • ).1 ./2.," '-. •„: .. . ../••••••'•>::•:i IM--...---- .-E;sii.iiiii:,':'iii'. ii i,,l'e', i, 1.• '1; nx/K0:1;:',/,;*-- .4..iiiiii!'_?..,4i,:!,..,..)," _. , JP!: ....i:::-.::::::: .- ..:......;!:Vi: ~/ ~- • 4,, if I 1:::-.:!..:.- --, ~.:i,,,,,,,i,,,,,,,,,,, ip..4•2'-1.4.',:;. ',';'',,,P.:•:.K.: / ;:."•'',/)-1/11:,,,i1170,'11111P',4- .s-,,,,.• i.''::;ixe iiStlil,f.-,,/,,,:,_,,,,.,::„_.:(;::,;::::::::::',, .:;.///e/1„, . ,04...-51, ~/,,/,,,y /,-, ....flvefrip Lif.fl:7;//4 ~ P' / i ~,t ./.•:.:••••'":•''' ' :;%/1%;%.,*-,77;,:.%;,-.l•' ' 1/7/,',':/ , ~, .:';,10;rill://!;;',/:.';:j';',;ill',17,4 ? 11/.11,:::::::.,:-IY • ..,/' ' <3l/7., ' ;.'/71;A;1, /,';,///,//: i 12!:':- ,l 4 -i !,71';')•,';',',;'.• ,7,::.i11.';',,/,',';',,;;',,,';',/ hift.:.f,.;;;:,, ~.,..n , ~,//.4/,; ..‘, ,y,,,,,,,,, . • it //,',,,.,'..',/, f,:,..):,/ i.„14./b.',ti;/,`,#/r/ 111;://1/1,.'://;* .:.... . • ...: .:: •' / / /*// / ._-?:?: /1://'''''P/1,"///At.77 7 iii,f.".V.Vhf.f.,::• , , • '-::::-.. •• , •-•"::• , / . y ~,,..' i. ''.' ,/ bi ' , '. . :.:.."'...:''''' %'*';''':f: ''`l I P 'CV 'l;"Pi 1 i ''' •1:•?/.11.`1` 1 //41#4; 1,#:,/ ,i II I ..././....::::;;',;;.;.:::::..::::::.::!,.ii:i.. .................:.::.,,,,,,* ', ,/ i it, rfil; • / i i /174; / ~,,:/,,/ A,''%i- ' „ ~..;://,;::':;::::,;......T ...;;.......:;,...:::.,:,::•,...,.....,,,,/ „/ /I of i11v,,,://.7.......•4',r,LiihY/:(11",. Hit:ill/11111 . . "". ••.i-..3.ii••••,....4 , .4/,/ /l // ~,',J,./;?:"..7:7;:i.:-.....':.1. ' .. -: . ..:;:ii:.fil: :,..-...,::,4:;,:y,/ ~-..7....:.:::-.2 ....„.... f pi.,:ff.,,71,...;,,,.:;:... . . . : *.• ..: .. ..i„-,+.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMILY NEGLECT.

Shocking Revelations at Warrington

Three Months Imprisonment for a Brute.

At the Warringtin Police C.3urt on Monday, b-fore Mr. Birchall and other magistrates, Moses Williams, 6, Rack Stamford-street, was charged with having, .)ri 29th December and other dates neglected his child Sarah, in a manner likely to cause her unnecessary suilerin.; and injury,to health.—lie pleaded not allay._

Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. He said that the defendant was employed at the forge and his wages amounted to about 30s. a week. Ile,aua his wife and chili resided with his mother in Baek Stamford street and he paid the large sum of 4s. a week to the mother out of which she provided fire, light and other necessaries. The rest of his wages went in drink. The defendant's wife was at the present time in goal so she could not be held responsible for what bad occurred. The child Sarah was eleven yeara of age, and the reason that the case came under the observation of the Society was on account of the girl being sent home from school because the master was afraid that she might C9MMUlli- cato vermin to the other children. The old woman WM too old to look after the girl, and the defendant ought to get someone to look after her. Inspector Hackett vkited the house en the 21st of November and found the child, to be filthy dirty and swarm- ing with lice. Her body was enpper coloured in conrequence of continued neglect and filth. The 'stench front the child was " something creel." and her head was a mass of sores. The Inspector advised the woman that the child should be better lotked after and she promised to carry out his instruetions. On the 23rd November he visited the house again and found that tlie old woman had Aorta something but nothing of any material consequence. He paid a third visit to the house en the 4th of December in company with one of the school attendance officers and found die child in the Isame terrible condition. On the 29th December he went in company with Sergeant Bell, and found the chili clothed in rags, filthy dirty and simply alive with vermin. The man was in bed, and when he came down- letairs,the flannel shirt he was wearing was covered with lice. They went upstairs and found the bed to be 1" running away" with lice. The Case was a very btd one.

Inspector Hackett then related accounts of his vWts to the house. Be said there were thousands of lice in the child's hair, and when the head was touched they fell on the floor. The stench was borrible. P.S. Bell corroborated.

Dr. Bowden said he examined the girl on the 29:h of December There was a large number of lice on her head and also la ge scabs. She was suffering from enmmia caused by irritation from the presence of lice. The defendant expressed his sorrow at what had occurred.

The Chief Constable said defendant had 1396 n before the Court 35 times previously, three tunes for cruelty aud ncglect to four of his chiidren. The eases had been adjourned and the charges subsequently with- drawn. He was h4f3re the magistrates in Au4us; for rEce;ving stolen goods, and had a mooth'4 imprison- ment. Be had two children on the "

DAetrialat was ecut to goal for a nymth with hard labour.

Henry Newtol and Mary Newton 70, Ly thgo ..s-lane were charged with neglecting their air children. Mr. Browns said the wife was the worst of the two defendantl. The man was a bolter down at the forgo and his average wages were about 40; a week. He allowed his wife only is or 2; a week for coal but he paid the rent and provide I food. On the 19:h of August Inspector Hackett visited the house in company with PC. B ayrendale and found the woman and the children in the back kitchen. The woman was perfectly sober but of very slovenly appearance. The girl Mary Ann, aged 13 ytars, was very badly clothed, poorly nourished her body was dirty and head verminous. Thomas.aged fille was well nourished, but badly clothed,his bAy was clean and free from vermin. George, aged three was well nourished but badly clothed. Pimehe, a: ed two sits insufficiently clothed and filthy dirty. The house was in a shocking state. The front room was entirely devoid of furniture and the floor was in a filthy state. The back room was also filthy. In it there were three chairs and a table, and on the table was a box containing some tame rats. Tbere was no food in the house. They went upstairs and found the bed in a shocking state. There was only one quilt for a cover,

===== 0002601_19000112_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
. , .1"1"-;‘, - • , _ - •• _ - ; to,

Saved my Life.

" Everybody ittsurprisei at my rec 'yew. bu:', I ow es,erythin.Y, to Dodd's Kidney Pills. Since t +king them have gained 411bs. They are a grind medicine, andl should be in everybody's house. lam confident hun- dreds of pe9ple are taken to the cemetery because the doctors do not understand their ailments. I don't think the doctors had any idea what my complaint was. Be- fore I started with Dodd's Kdney Pills I experienr great difficulty in gettinq about, but now 'I can walk and work with anyone."

Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2. 91. per box, or six bo: for 13s 91., of all Chemists ' • or wilt be sent post free on receipt of price by the Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farring- don Avenue, London, E C. _ .

See that'vou- get D-o-d-d•'s.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
7;=='

1 iTHROW PHYSIC TO THE tdogs. That's what Shaltespeare says. Evidently great men are not always wise. We mate mistakes ,ourselves. Now Shakespeare spoke many wise sayings ; and with our usual modesty we assert we would not guarantee to excel him in the length, breadth, and depth of his genius. Still when the immortal Bard says "Throw Physic to the Dogs," we throw up our hands in horror, and can only solace ourselves by remembering that Shakespeare never heard of Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, or he would have said Gentlemen, all of you," Lend me your ears." Tell all sufferers from Indigestion, Wind on the Stomach, Liver Complaints, Sick Headache, Costiveness, Nervous Debility, Palpita- tion of the Heart, Biliousness, &c., that by far the best remedy for theso distressing evils is Page Woodcock's Wind Pills, and f Fpeak,fer all time when' say "Stand not upon the order of your go- ing, but go at once," and get them. Mr. H. A.Stubbings, 49,13igirstreet,Deal, writes —"lt is my duty to testify to the wonderful effects: of your Wind Pills. Before taking them I suffered severely from Indigestion and severe pains in my body. After tAking your Wind Pills lam a differ- ent fellow. I will gladly reply to any inquiries."

Mr. E. J. Day, a Lay Preacher, writes from The Gardens, Banwell, Somerset :—" I was at a Public Meeting held here last evening, and one of the speakers praising many firms, said " The 13,25 t Pills you can buy are Page Woodcock's Wind Pills." Oi course, we're always saying so, but its nice to hear other folk do the same. - -

----- -- Every hard-driven bIISITIPS3 raml3, every tired, weary boos-wife, every working man and woman, often prevented by their wo:king cDnditions from taking sufficient exercise, should take Page Wood- cock's Wind Pills.

Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medi- eine Vendors at is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. ; post free for price by Page Woodcock, Lincoln.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Registered Copyzight.)

D Is a wonderful waterproof eor , 9 BOOTS & HARNESS. thof- ' tens and preserves the lea er. Plasant odour, allows po if ing with blacking. GOLD ME.-12A1... 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST 4f,t.'•,:;• f; til AWARDS. Tins 20!.. 60!., 11- & 216 of Boot , 4' pig.. ~, „ ,'. • , Makers, Saddlers, Ironmongers, 6e '•, -y, f?' % A Air, nll c. Manufactory Dulwich, •.,, ,i - ki ' .`, ki i.'.. London.

CURES when all other Remedies fail.

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC In RELIEVIIIC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never rc „..et it. Boxes, of all Chemists. M BEETHA M & SON. Chemists, CHELTENHA

THb GREAT REMEDY.

• e•T•A 431.;

to,F

ThXYIA x

FOR GOUT. ItHRUMATIS • EICIATtOA, LU The exorreziating Plin is quioic,y relieved. Bore. effective. ALL Lthemit,ts and btores at ls. lid. an Per box.

l*matirawn—' • ) .4e• fr" (11, E tV1(1, Wym A.) s. :V• 11,A, ul ff '„l7!Cr'' 0 .41

M. MBA GO. safe and ‘d 28. 9d

===== 0002601_19000112_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WEAK MAN

QuouLD send f-)r a Descriptive Treatise on the Modern and Successful Treatment of Nervous Diseases and Physical Wea'neas in Men. including Premature Ex- haustion and loss of Vital Energy, with other allied affections by local absorption e , without stomach medicines). Re- vised and in progress with the most advanced researches in the sonject, tegethef With .11mi:irons recent testimonials showing successful cures. Write at once and grasp this oppor- tunity of beim; (pie re:4)r..l to perfeo,. hpaith sent in a Plain sealed envelope, f-!,, .a "gc. i. NOli i'oll, 514 S6O CHANCE air La..x E, LoN OF tV EiTAII MIMED OitVE R 30 Yetrs.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19000112_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA,BLE JANUARY. YROBI WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28,9 50, 10 20, 11 35 1 25, 255 5 20, 5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altnar and Hillhouse-7 15 8 31, 1 14. a 3 22, Sunlays 9,36 2 5

-66. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 53 23, 7 10, 9,50 11 57 5 20. 7 20. Sundays 2 53, 10 10, 431ondays excepted. Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 9 58, 11 55, 12 55, 50 I 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -.529.5 45, 835, 957, 11 50, 2 10, 4 50,6 28, 350. Sundays 843.60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56.11 50,12 25,2 10,3 50,4 50, , 6 28. 7,17,8 50.9 40. Sundays 8 43. 335 6 0. ' Bolton- 8 %5, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57 p.m. Carlisle-5 29, 5 45. 956 11 50. 12 25, 210, 4 50. Sun- days 335 Chester-7 37, 817, 95, 10 20, 12 30 a 2 15, 2,20 3 16, 422, 57, Sundays 8,44 7,45 11,35 aMoudays excepted. Collins Green-IS. 8 5,3 35,9 23, 10 10,12 7,2 35,3 40, 5 15, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10. 9 30, 11 57 1 25, 25, 520, 6 22,7 20.11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15 4 5,11 35.aftionday5 excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95. 12 25, 2 20, 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5,51, 845, 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 05, 47 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Barlestoan--5 45, 7 5,8 5,8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 13,10 20,10 55, 11,55 12 7,12 25 1 55, 2,35 340 3,50 5 15, 5,20 6,33 8, 7 40,9 25. 10,30 Sundays, 7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10 6 0,9 54 p.n.. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 53 3.20 520.6 17.80,948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 30. Frodsham-7 37, 95 1023, 1225. 2 20.,3 15. 4 22, 5 7. 6 4 7.44 ,10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garstod (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31. 95.12 0 18, 2 15. 4 0 75,80, 59 40, dlO 25. 11 39 Sundays 90. 9 55. 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays snly.

_ bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-5 29, 9 581 11 50. 12 25. 2 10, 4 50. Golboru s-5 45. 7 5,8 35, 1055, 12 25, 1 15, 3 50, 5 23 7 17, 9 55. Su .Aays 843.60. Hough Ureen-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 40. 60. 75, 80, b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 936 11 25,2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 1 Sundays 3 56. 10 14. 3 15, 5 15, 7 18, 935. Latchtozd-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 0 P5B. 10 49, 12 36. 1 14. 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 7 8, a 7 45 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Livervoc.. (L. N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 13, a 5 32. 75, 8 ,5, 8 35 9 25, 10 55, 12 7, 12 25, 2,35 5.40 5 20, 7 8,7 40. 10 30. Sunday 35, 5 10, 6 30, 8 35, 843. 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Plattor An. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-? 30, 825, 109 1142, 1 55, 320,5 20,6 17,8 0, 9 13, Sundays 8 48, 2 43, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 120,13, 18, 2 15,3 37, 40. 5 65. 75, 80, b 9 a4O 10 25 11 42. Sundays 93, 9 55, 1125,2 39, 7 10,9 18 1018, 10 43 aSaturda only. bexcept Jaturdays. Lc • -*on L. &N. W.) -2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 950, 11 57, 2 0 5 20, 622. 11 34. curdays 2 58. 10 15, 45, 11 35,5510nday-s excepted. aMondays only. Londe.). (Midland)-5 01, 8 46, 9 53, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 Sundays .1 46 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 55 10 49,12 36. 1 14, 2 23, 3 36, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 7 8, a 7 45. 92?. Sundays 8 50. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only •, Manchester (L. N.-W.) 5 45, 75, 8 25, 835, 9 19, 10 43, 1055, 1214. 1225. 115. 2 29, Z 32, 426 , 5 20, 717,88, 9 20. 10 3.). Sundays 3 10, 5 15, 60, 7 57, FtJM High Level Pis:AGM. • Manchester (From eapley Statlon)-, 620 7 22, 80, 8 35, 90, 9 58. 1049, 1 14. 2 2,),3 38, 4 11,6 13. 7 8,9 27, Sundays 8 50. 3 8, 8 12. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-? 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92,9 55 10 55 11 6,11 55, 1255, 155, 255. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55 7 .55, 8 13, 8 55, 9 55, ' Sundays 6 56, 93 7, 10 14 30. 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 10 23. 2 555, 5 355,7 20.5 Saturdays only Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35, 1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15

am. Newton4e-Willows-7 5, 8 5, 8 35.a9 19,10 20, 10 40, 10 55 12 25, 1 15, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 SC, 5 20, 7 17, 9 20, 9 55, Sundays 843 a m 3 35, 5 15, 6 0,7 07. 9 54a via Kenyon. Padgate-7 0,7 55, 82, 8 40, 1028, 11 6, 12 0 12 20, 1 40, 355 5 28, '110..8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 5 15, 935 Preston-5 29, 545. 8 35, 9 55, 11 50, 12 25; 210, 350 50, 528 7 17, 8 50, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 3U, 825, 945, 10 9, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8 0 Sankey (for renketh)-7 15, 7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 6, 12 0 1 8 2 15, 2 58, 4 0,5 29, 6 0. 7 5, 8 0,9 25, a 9 40 blO 25, Sundays 9 0, 11 25, 2 39, 8 55, 9 18 aSatardays exceptad bisiturdays only, cMo.,days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46, 10 55 1 55, 3 14, 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 515, St Helens-5 32, 75. Bb. 8 35.9 25,1010, 10 55, 11 55 12 7, 12 25, 2 35 3 40,5 20,6 3.3,7 8, Satur aye only 7 40,9 25,10 30 Sundays 8 35,8 43,6 0. 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 322, 4 0,56, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays') 36, &5, 8 55, asatur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 850. 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Liues)-7 56, 9 Ib, 115. 120, 18, 2 15, 258, 40, 6 29, 60,75, 80, 925, a 9 40, 610 25. Sun- days 90, 936, 2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturday.i only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 620, 5 0,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 80. Wigan- 5 29.5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,10 55.11 50, 12 25,1 15.2 10 3 4, 3 50,4 50.5 20..6 28,7 17,8 50. 9 43, 9 55. Sundays, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 54.

TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Bridge-6 30. 7 45, 852, 11 2, 120, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20, 8 30. Sundays 7 55, 4 42. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 26, 12 48, 7 18, 8 24 9 57 Sundays 9 20, 2 21. 8 22. Birmingham (L. & I. W.)--3 10 550 7 20. 9 10, 12 25, 2 0 5 50, 7 25. Sundays 3 10, 12 40, 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42, 850 11 48, 125 2 45, 5 45, 6 515, blO 30 11 19, Sunday 4 15, ain4o, 11 19 bßseept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30. 10 48,12 30. 347, 5 27, 753 Sunartya,B 0 1 147 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 8,8 5,10 40, 11 43 1 40. 3 15,5 23, 8 35 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 355 18, 1 35, Blackpool (Central) -7 55, 8 25. 10 0. 1020. 11 25,2 55. 4 10, 4 58, 55, 6 50. 615, 108 Sundays 7 10. 1 15, 4 b 7,8 40. Bolton-5:45, 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25. 12 30, 5 10,715, 8 35, 10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 6 5,9 25 p.m. a Saturdays only, Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 1 50, 4 22, 5 55, 8 42. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0,4 30 8 41, 12 10.p.m. a/Mondays excepted. Chester-7 25,8 40. 1010, 11 40, 1 55, 2 10, 30,35, 5 15 6 35, 7 30,8 10, 8 50, Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 30, 6 65, Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42, 10 24, 11 23. 12. 38 1 8 1 38,2 10, 310, 4,1, 5 3E, 623, 6 35, 7 47, 96, 10 46. Sunday 1 15.8 1,.a.r0. Crewe-4 55. 6 0,6 33,8 13,9 20, 1115, 11 30, 2 25, 250 415' 545 640, 85, 90. Sundays 455. 710, 245 4 10,9 20 4 55. Daresbury--8 16, 10 17, 11 27- 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 40, 8 12, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 47,7 5 85, al2 35, 3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 23, 6 55, 35. alixcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 53, 7 13, 8 46, 9 30, 9 45, 10 26, 10 23, 11 20 12 42, 1 6. 18, 1 42, 2 13, 3 11, 3 14. 5 15, 5 42. 5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 9 10, 9 20, 12 0. Sundays 8 33, 9 52. 100,345,724 Fiddler's Ferry .1G Fenketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 29, 327 sj, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 257.82. Frodsham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231,411,531,637,831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garaton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50, 10 48, 11 40 12 0, 14. g 2 11, 32, 4 56. 59. 556, 657, 7249 4u Staid 23, 9 10. 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. G lug(' -a9 5, 1010, 20,2 1, 555. Sundays 5 50, 95, aMon day ex c,,pted. txolborne-6 44,.8 26, 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 4 36, 5 30,7 15, 9 9. Sundays 940. 75. Mough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103, 105. 1.17 130, 2.22 .316, 5 10, 523, 6 7.7 11,7 33, 9 15. SuudaysB 37, 9 20, 3,26 4b5,9 4, 910. Warn and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 65, S 50, 11 23 ruidays 10 59. 6 53, 8 43, 10 O. FlLatchtord-8 14, 8 40, 9 34, 10 2. 11 jl7, 120. al 45. 2 13 3 0,4 22, L 5 41. 67, 6 40, 7 40, 9.6, 9 ,1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 23. aSaturdays only. bßaturdays excepted. Liverpool(vra Earlestown)-1 0 a 2 35,6 0,7 50,8 0.9 25,11 50 15. 1 30, 310 4 2., 4 50,t, 35.7 5,8 25,10 5,1 i 15, Sunday, 1 0 7 30,9 20. 6 30,8 40 a Mondays only. Via Widnes (L. 8: N.W.)-6 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 50, 12 30, 1 25, 2 40, 4 29, 5 20, 6 5, 8 3e, 10 45, Sundays, 7 35, 2 10, 7 15, 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 40, 8 43, 9 38, 10 3,3, 11 20, 11 50, 12 43, 1 55, 2 33. 4 40, 4 50. 5 36. 6 35, 75, 80. 840. 110, Sundays 80. 90, 230, 2bo, 4 20, 6 30. 8 33. London N W)-b 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15, 4 15, 5 30 12 0 Sundays ls 0,5 30, 12 0. London (Midland ,-0 15, 9 0, 10 5,12 10, 2 0 T,4 0,5 , a 9 15, Sun ays 3 15, 12 0, aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 8 32, 9 25, 9 54, 11 8, 1 11, al 37, 25, 2 53 4 14, bo 5 t 9. 7 418 53 3 33, 11 19. Sundays 3 15,2 25, 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, 9 5, 10 45, 11 15 32 45, 1 5, 1 35, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 75, 710. 8 0, 9 20, 10 40, Sundays. 80, 8 30, 90,6 0, 9 30. 040 Saturdays excepted Manchester (Ltudon-road)-7 25. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 3.3 2C. 340, b 55, 520, 65, 75, 8 20 8 55, i 045 Sundays 730 40, 630 bLaturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 933 835. 10 30, 10 35, 1130, 1230, 1 33, 2 30, 3 30, 430,448 5 30, 6 3v, 6 38, 130 8 33, 1) 0, 11 0. Sunday 830,9 10, 9 30, Iv .0. b, 625 20, 9 40, 4 SaturdasB only. Middlewich-6 48. 2 47, 6 6. Moore-6 56,9 6. :I 14,12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.8undays.8 19,4 8 Newton-6 55. 7 25. 8 42, 9 11, 10 9, 11 8, 12 38, 1 0,1 2.8, 150 3,2, 4 51, 510, 5 49,6 27, 7 30. 8 0,91 s, 9 55. 11 4. 1147, Sundays 8 3.. 9 49, 100, 3 4.;). 7 20. 11 5, Padgate 7 8, 7 48, 8 26, 90, 10 6 1 9, 2 10, 5 18 73, 9 10 Sundays 8 53, 11 20. 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 550, 95, 9 33.10 10,11 23, 12), 3,4 20,643 8 30, 9 45, 1049. Sundays 29, 45, 835, 30, 610, 1047, 2 36. aMondays excepted. j Runcorn 839, 9..19 10 15,10 26, 12 30, 125, i 32, 440 5 41, 1 6 30, 8 10, ! Bankey-6 53, 7 56, 3 31, 9 33, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, • 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 21. 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 86 9 32. suadsys, 849, I 108 3 40, b 7, 928. 85effie1d-8 25, 115. 1 55. 5 5, 7 0, Sundays, 8 10, 6 10. e.t Helens-6 20.6 55, S '43. 9 15, 10 5, 10 25, 11 10, 12 5, 12 55. 1 25, 1 55, 2 55, 430, 525.6 10, 6 55. 7 25. 3 50 1030. Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 9 35, 6 55, 95. Sout bport-8 5, 10 10,11 11,12 3) 2 10, 34. 3 55. 70. 8 5 9,5 a 9 40. Sundays, 90,2 0, 8 aSaturdays only. Thelwall- 8 10. 8 36, 9 30, 9 58, 11 12, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9 2 55, 4 18, 5 57, 63, 645, 7 45.9 2, 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 229 7 19. Widnes(Cheshire Lino)-8 23, 9 15. 10 10, li 12, 12 25 125 2 30, 3 34. 4 25, 5 29 6 12, 7 16, 7 58, 9 22 11 42, aS un- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10.9 20. a Saturdays only Whines (L &N W)-7 5 8 56, 933 10 33, 12 16, V, 57. 2 2 3 2 3 58, 5 O. 555 , 6 46, 11 6, SundaysB 14, 2 50, 7 52, 11 6 Wigan -a 2 39, b 35, 6 33, 9 31. 9 56, 10 0, 11 23, 12 15, 45, 2 30, 3 27. 4 25, 4 56, 5 2), 6 5, 7 5. 90. 10 30 a Mondays fly b Mondays excepted. Sundays, 2 39, 9 30, 3 25, 6 65, 1 13.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing.— Eee illusttratcd Gad 259pageo) 3d. Tebaeco'llets' Outfitting Co, 186, Buston-road L 011C013) Heirdressers fitted.--Iliane,_;er, H. MYERe drt

===== 0002601_19000112_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL 11\ FORMATION

THE EXAMINER, FRP )11.Y, JANIJAPN 12. 1e:10

===== 0002601_19000112_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybriclge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhanipton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport ,and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera Rlght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
1 -10 ..

2-15 p.n.,.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 „ 8-0 ~

===== 0002601_19000112_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE— 1 Earlestown

Suß-OnacEs . *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshavt Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction ... Church-St.. Golborne Legli Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 61: time as letters.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES A!

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, flelsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East LancAshire, Yorkshire, Durham. Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead,l Southport, Prescot. Wigan, Orms- tork With) & Barlesiown London. Foreigcs, and the South :uidland Counties & South Wales Preston, Noreh Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe Chea- ter, Wales, and 1re1and.............. dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign. South. S.- Naetarn, Midl.ud, Northern. Sastern Countio & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, We:Aston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Elstern Couaties

}'

nt the first dose of Ottertno tits "'ens cured A NENTIA' the very IV Tst cssos of 1'.1.11ee,7 hen evpry 010 ly had fai1.,14 Erie.; 41. ed. fuld 125.. Vost Free. of Touttrn,uTa. Sit(.,r a Fr, .s,traot.c J;u4lle,an4 Virtte to—il,cpratroPnt.

10e

7 pp, „,,,.., ~,.,, q.e:ii 4:—.4 q,,,,,%.

• x.: -snr. tThstnlnt...ls. to.rwzt,EaMsrt. I

===== 0002601_19000112_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_19000112_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WE EK-D AYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and 8 pan.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-Y5 a.m. and Spin.

i-iii a.m.._and 6120 p.m.

6-30 p.m 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 c .m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. E a.m. and 4-30 p.m".

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 &

6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.rn Ind 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. ‘, 10-15 a.nii Nil.

from ths lieceiving Office at Hark ~m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

S FOLLOWSTo :- 1 Cars. I

By Postmen, 7-0 a.m.

•1 a.m. 1,1-30 10-45 } 11-30 „ Ill-40

U-30 a.m

1. 12-0

,2-1,5 p.m.

2-lb „ 1 3-15 „

3-15 in

5-30 p.m.

8-5 a. m .

===== 0002601_19000112_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
4.33 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_19000112_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
bes

311 /ant to purchase a Tin of COLMA COLMAN and the BULL'S HEAD are on the label. Accept on no pretence whatever any Tin which does not bear these distinctive Marks. D.S.F. (Double Superfine) is the name of the best quality.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MrtKr; =MMi

===== 0002601_19000112_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ALL TUADESMEN

===== 0002601_19000112_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
7

OUR FOOTBALL COIIPErITION. (J 450 for 10 correct results ; £25 for 9 correct results (if £5O i not won) ; £2O for next best if neither £5O nor £25 is won £lO for next best (if £5O or £25 is won) ; £3 to the sender of the most Colxpons. An Aggregate Prize of Z 1 oo will be awarded the Competitor who scores the greatest number of points during the season (ending April). For example, a Competitor winning or sharing the £so prize will be credited with 4 points; the 25 prize 3 points; the 2(:) prize z points; and the L.' o prize I point. NG PO.; If in Stamps, 15 are - kiBERS

Aggregate Prize

£lOO .4M must be worA

lred•

20 Colas for SHILLI EAC F THE NU

MATCHES PLAYED JANUARY 20

I Glossop N.B. v 2 Wolverhampton

1 Blackburn R v 2 Aston Villa ...

1 Derby County 2 Ntweastle U........

L Notts County v 2 Blanchester C...

1 Lincoln C v 2 Bolton W. ... ... ..•

New Brighton v 2 Chesterfield ...

1 Reading v 2 Tottenham H... ... ...

I Warrington v 2 Salford ... ... ... ...

1 Minningham v 2 Wakefield ...

1 Gloucester v 2 Lianaly ... ...

:MINER" SERIES COUPON. o do is to repea;, the number of the Club be selects to win in th

"WARRINGTON EX Each tub is numbered lor 2. All the Competitor h•ns -.glee provided. a draw is `ntended put X. —NOTE.—Don't cut the Coupin into strips, send the complete form. Th on is run in conjunction with the " Competition Key," and other papers.

NAllli

ADDRESS CONDITIONS. I.—The first coupon is free, and no competitor can send in more tl•.an one freecoupon. Enclose Id. stamp for every other coupon used. One Shitliag Postal Order must be en.3to3e if all the coupon. on abave sheet are used Any number of coup ,ns ~an be sent in if paid for at the rate of One Shilling for each 20. 2.—Cross all Postal Orders and keep the numbers. S.—No competitor can take more than one share of tbe £lO prize. 4.—The coupons must be forwarded to the lix ,miner Office Warriagtm, the envelope to 3 endqrsed Football Coupon." so as to be dell.,ered by the first poet on Thursday morning. If the envelope bears Wednesday's postmark, it will be received up to 5 p.m. on Thursday. Coupons delivered by hand must be received not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. 5.—Competitors demmcling a scrutiny must enclose fee of Ten Shillings, give number of Postal Or r (if any), and nu* her of coup me sent. In the event of the claim proving correlt the fee will be returned. 6.-4 n the event of two or more compLitors tying, prize money will be divided. I. All attempts in this competition must be made on coupons cut from this paper. B.—When not less than 40 ttempts are made, the coupons of unsuceesstul competitor) for the coupon prize will be carried forward and added to the number sent in, in the neat competition,so that sooner or later the coupon prize must be won by regular competitors 9.—The results will appear in the first Issue following the result of the snatches. [RESITT,TS GE COMPETITI 114 AND LIST OF v7I",NEItS ON PAGE 5.]

• _ requ-, 0 zz BELOW REPRESENTS A COUPON. Free 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 115 16 17 18 19 21. • I •..

===== 0002601_19000112_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Mi/M2ILWEICILVr9M)

rWI • • MOW

Delicious and Wholesome.

PERFECT FOOD containing valuable

Medicinal Properties.

There are many inferior imitations on the market, and the public are requested to ask for DEAKIN'S if they wish to have the genuine article.

C-3 E

===== 0002601_19000112_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
04V C,717 17,', if - c4l . kip ~,A1 •%:•••- 4 4; , • , • • , , • • rt' 'ts Yip• kit • • -- ---

FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, • Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion 9

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

eee@l)a)@@@@@@@@@@QC(P -Q•• e@@@@@,(D* Ito

is

& & & @f & @t & & & & & & Q/1-- *666666006

===== 0002601_19000112_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
& Lemon,

'=AAAckA;','

===== 0002601_19000112_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - ^ •

===== 0002601_19000112_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
- ~ ...... ..- - -..- , ~. . . t. . . . ' _ • - t .•. ..., ~ • ve. . .. „ .... ... . ... • ...' • ',... i. . --- _, ..- . • . . . , .• . .... ....__ - . . • ~. . . _ , . . . . ___ . __________ . -.. . , . , - _ __ .• ~ , Ar.,-.„.e.-",. ,--,. l• - ..._ . . _ .. .._ ...... _ . . ,t‘,,,‘l , - ---____-- . _ ___ , _.. . •—_ ----- _ 1 1, . . 411 , . •. . . .4

===== 0002601_19000112_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
IfttrreS ttle (1:71il-Pr

NOfiCE TO CORK L4ENT.,.

Authors of le.;ters intended for public ltiom must in al

ca.•?es send their names and ad ire see to the Editor. Matters inteuelsA for publication ms; be written on one side only of the paper. Correspnndents are strongly an wised to write briefly. A short letter has much greater chance of insertion than a long one.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Methodism, London and Politics.

Sir,—Pardon me for asking the favour of the inser- tion of this letter in your columns, as it is well known that the Methedist Press is closed against anything that is not in harmony with the opinions of the editors or a few officials whe no more represent Methodism at present than one-tenth of a public meeting in favour of, a given question represents nine-tenths who are against it. Of course. exclusiveness of this kind and the suppression of "the other side " would be considered a disgrace in secular jetrnalism. but in religions journa- lism well—Terhaes you are aware that in Methodism it has been considered an unwritten law for more than one generation that party politics are to be excluded from the pulpit and the Methodist press, but this wholesome rule is now being flagrantly set at naught in the two Metho- dist papers and in the pulpits as well. In last week's " Recorder " there was an able and well-balanced ser- mon from the President of the Conference, and by its side a piece of rigmarole, styled 'a sermon, by Hugh Price Hughes. which revealed a type of mind as if it did not care what the tongue said or did. To say that the latter deliverance was disgraceful and an outrage upon the feelings of the great bulk of Methodist people throughont the country is the mildest way of describ- ing it. The editor of the " Recorder" was equally insulting in his Elitoral Notes. He said : " A -few well meaning people do not understand the signific- ance of this war," etc. Just imagine the sublime im- pudence of a Methodist editor describing nine-tenths of those he should be writing for as a "few well-meaning People." Then he goes on to say that the •tTamm.ns" America are in favour of the Boers. Can it not be said with equal truth that the" Tammany" in England the London music halls, the theatree, the drinking saloons, the gambling fraternity, the street loafers, not forgetting a few editors of the " gospel of peace " news- Tanersotre in favour of this war. If the editor wants to talk of cempanionship,he has a strange lot of heifellows Then with regard to the reporting of H P H's sermon The secular newepapers reported that H.P.H. had been hooted, no doubt owing to the extravagance rf the language used and the feelings of the peopie being so outraged. But in the " Methodist Recorder " this ser- mon Is reported as if there had not been the sliehtest opposition. It is a disgrace I admit to hoot in a place of worship, but it is a far greater (Degrees to the man who provnkes it. London always favours wee-. and the root evil in Methodism is that it is governed from Len- don, and the country is regarded as little better than a great snitch cow to surple London. Compared to its population there is little Methodism in London, but they have always deputations on the wing to get the country to supply them with flreia. Rut es to Methodist papers representing Provincial Methediem there is hardly ever a decent report ex-ent when 9,3T1P man, 'who is "in the London inner circle," is prn.ent. I have heard that one gentleman has prsmised £l,OOO to begin a Methodist newepaner to represent Methodism in the previnces. where it thrives, grows, and supports peiehbouring branches, and where the gag shall not be put upon fel* discussion. I will be responsible for an- other £l,OOO if a suitable body of directors can he found and the paper he kept to Methodist work alone and let the gecular newspapers deal with politics on both sides* We want a newspaper full of Methodist news, not column after column fawn- ing on this man and the other man. I have heard many, not only laymen, but ministers, say they could vomit to see the fullgomeness of these two papers. one mainly on himself, and both nn others whose chief merit was their volubility. A to their power to think, the presi- dent or Mr- Wetkinson would give out as much thought as a gross of these men and not know they had lost any intellectual light.

A NORTHETIN METHODIST.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWSH IP.

Presentation and Meetings at Warrington.

An interesting event took place At the fortniehtly meeting of the Loral Prince of Wale; 'Aldan of the Tede pendent Order of Oldfellnwe (Manchester Unity), at the Pelican Hotel, on Saturday evening. when Bro Phn Gartland, P.G., presented the lodge with two beautiful cast brass hammers, in form of a hand and heart (one of the symbol of the order), for the use of the presid- ing officers. In doing so, he said that they were unique in the Warrington district, and he hoped tliey would be accepted by the lodge in the spirit in which thay were given. The gift having been formally aceentel, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Bro Gartland, on the uropnaition of Bro J Norbury, P.P.G.M seconded by Bra Whitham. which was supported by Bro Thomas W.dssworth, N.G. Freeman and others. The annual meeting in connection with th. Warring- ton District ef 'h. N,tinnal Independent Order of Od fellows svas held en Qatur *ay, at the Wee Lion Hotel, Bro :ohn Burgess (Gr led Master) presiding. Bro Ja'-n Brawn (Deon'v Grand Master) in the vice-cheie. Re- preaepti ng the four !Mow were PPGM Rill,P G Paster, PG EG Inuebes, G M Perry (Loyal Beo Warm (Loyal Perevarance). P G Cianliffa. V G Kenton (Local Prospetity). PPGM Bramhall, P G Higharrwas G M Litton (Loyal Friendship) Te.ere were also .eyersl vi4itars Dnring the enures of the businesa, the G announced that the diattict b tuner had arrived, and h.?d been di•plared for a short time only, owing to the rain. It was the first time th. National Order had had a banner in this district. The arcaunts and balance shaet were read and adopted. The accumu'ated funeral fund showed four members had died during the year, and that there wag an inceeae.M ow, £4O. The total worls of the funeral fund was £382 191 3.41. It was decided that Bro James Bramtia.ll, P.P.G.M., re- present the district at the forthtrmina A.M.O , at Open- shay:. The election of officers for 1900 took place, when the D.G.M., Bro. Brewm, was elected grand master ; P.G. Pester, deputy-grand master; Bro. Thomas Dicken. Hon, jun., Pl, secretary. 'file business of the meetine, being over, the nifera and delegatcn, including some visiting members. among whum were Bro. James Smith, district treasurer ; P.G. John Hughes, P.G. Lawton, Bros. Chidlosr and Dennett. sat down to a knife and fork tea, to celebrate the unfurling of the banner. After tea the new officers took the chairs, and a pleasant social evening was spent. The Grand Master remarked that be hoped their feelings would not be damped like the banner, hut that they would give him their hearty support during his term of office. It was the first time that Earlestown had had a district officer. MANCHESTER UNITY, 1.0 O.F. GRAND LODGE. In connection will the above Lodge, a supper was given to the ai7P,l members of the Warr:ngten District, in the Pelican flotel on Wednesday evenirra. The supper, which was splendidly prepared by Mr and Mrs Chalmers, was done full justice to by the aged members round the tables. after which Yarinus toasts, songs and recitations were given by the members who came in after attprer. Amongst those present, was the Grand Master of the Warrington Districe, Mr J R Barnwell, who has been the successful mover of this, the first supper, and which supper is intended to be an annual one, The CS. of the district I' P.G.M. john Ennon and P.P.G.M. S Bildry and P P. 0.)/ Knowles alsa to-k part in the proceedings Various speeches were made during the evening, special reference being made to Mr and Mrs Chalmers for their catering, and also by some of the aged members to the Grand Master, for his kindness in bringing them tog fat her and giving them so pleasant an evening. V-tes of than ka were ten giver. to t'ais donor of the tobacco, P:P.G.M. Whit tin, and Bro. Richard Tea for his bowl of punch ; alsh to the vocalists Bro. Whitt.ker, Sandere, Gandy. Smith, Knowles and Rie.hardson.—The singing of the Natioral Anthem brought the meeting to a elose.

A Woman's EXTRiORDiNARY STORY. 01 Thursday morninv,e,,at the Warrington Police Court before Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair) and Mr, Hep- herd, &en Robinson, a stranger, was charged with travelling 0:. the London and North-Western Railway from Manchester to Warrington, on Wednesday.without having paid her fare,and with intent to avoid payment. She pleaded guilty. and said she got into the wrong train.—lnspoctor Howells said that about ten o'clock on Wednasday m ,rniner the defendant was passing through the exit from the high level platform at Rank Quay Station, and when asks d for a ticket said she had not come by train. She said she had only been seeing a friend off ta Hartford. She added that she had no platform ticket, and afterwards admitted that she herself had come from Hartford. and had no ticket. She said her name was Ellen Rot inson, wife of Joseph Robinson whelesale druggist and eirmist, 52, 5-. Anne'a-street, Liverpool, and she rrsialed at D. Faulkner-greet. Ile telegraphed to Liverpool and received a reply tfa the effect that there wero no such addrees.a there. He read the replv to the defendant, vhe, then said she lived at 113, Pa ulkner-street, and that her solicitors. Meg,rs. Reynolds. Queen's-avenue, could bn communicated with. She said F.he was allowed 30s per week. On the v 24.7 to the Police Station she was vers. impertinent; ...rad said that it was a case for a summon*, and not one for arrest. On being qucstione dby Superintendent Monaghan, she said she, lived Rt. Caatle-street, Liverpool. Defendant evidently knew h, way about —D ferroant said she had travelled all o'er the world. he went to see a friend at Oldham, and could not find the address. She could not obtain leginga, and got wet through She walked back to Manchester, when) eie T.: as ear cting a letter containing a remittance. She produced an envelope which she Said contained the remittance,and added that she afterwards list her purse—inspector Howells said tb,tt the defendant told him that, she had been staying at her friend's house in Oldham for a fortnight. —The magistrates fined her lOs and costs,and ordered the pay- ment of the railway fare. KITCHEN RANGES, Tile Grates,and Chimney Pieces Large Stock— J. S GARLion),l,onmonger,Bridge-st. A dvt

===== 0002601_19000112_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BATTLE AT LADY-

SMITH. -- Free Staters Placed in

Front.

Expected Quarrel between the Allies.

The Frere correspondent of the "Standard" writes : I hear on good authority that President Kruger sent word to the Boer headquarters asking why Ladysmith had not been attacked. The reply sent back was, "We should lose too In may ma." Mr. K ruger's answer to this excuse was a suggestion that the Free Staters might be put in the forefront. The hint was taken, and the attack delivered accordingly. Mr. Kruger's advice was so far good that his allies behaved better than his own burghers. The Free Staters at leas t managed to seize a hill, while the Transvaalers later in the day retired be- fore General White's counter-attack, amid the jeers of their comrades in arms. The Free State men stuck to their position until they were actually bayoneted in the ditch. After this affair it is almost certain that the allies will quarrel bet wen themselves.

Lord Roberts at Capetown.

Lords Roberts and ~Kitchener, and staff, arrived at Capetown on Wednesday.

Lord Roberts having arrived assumes at once, of course, command of all the forces in South Africa. and in future directs the plan of campaign. It is generally assumed that for the preseat at all events Lord Roberts will remain at Cape Town, whence he is in touch by telegraph with General Builer at Frere Camp, with Lord Methuen at Modder River, and with Generals French and Gatacre in Cape Colony. Too much must not be expected at first from the appearance of Lord Roberts on the scene, as the gallant Irishman haa_immense diffi- culties to face, and is very far indeed removed from the position of a generalissimo starting a campaign upon lines of his own choosing and d evising. Lord Roberts finds himself tied up and committei to certain plans of action, the failure to develop which has for the time being brought the war to a deadlock.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
French Hemming the Boers in.

CAPETOWN, JANUARY 8.

Laffan's correspondent is informed by a personal friend who has just returned here from a visit to Rensburg that General French bolds a very strong position. His troops are hemming the Boers in on thres sides, leaving them only one way of exit. Two thousand more men would enable the British commander to surround them completely. The disaster to the Suffolk Regiment in no way affect's the British position. .

Rumoured Battle on The Tugela.

There was a rumour in the London clubs yesterday afternoon that a battle between Bailer's forces and the Boers is in progress at the Tugela.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN CIVILIAN WITH THE FORCES.

"A Description of The British Position on The Tugela."

Mrs. W. Cooke, of Waterloo-road. Runcorn, received the following letters frern Mr. John A. Smith, sene and Mr. John A. Smith, jun., (her father and brother), on Monday morning :—" December 8:h, 1899. Luggage van en route to Frere. We left Durban yesterday by the r 5.40 p.m. up mail, and had a pleasant rile to Pieter- maritzsburg. When we arrived (soon after 10 p.m.) the r station was simply swarming with soldiers—sifting,' standing,and lying everywhere—and most of them were having supper. We had a wait of twenty minutes, which enabled us to get some supper, and when we started again we dropped the bunks and went to sleep We reached Estcourt at 3.15 a.m.—pitch dark—and with no signs of any other train to take U 3 on to Frere. Here, as at Pieternaeriteburg,there were lots of soldiers sleeping in all sorts of positions—on tables, seats, chairs, but by far the greater number on the platform.We followed mit, and, rolling ourselves in rues with bags for pillows were soon asleep. I Mr. Smith jun., awoke at 5.30 quite fresh r lend hungry. The Latta: feeling was soon eiipeesed with, r after which I had a walk round the camp, outside the station, and started for Frere about 6 45. About 25 of us are doing this last 15 miles in a luggage van, includ- ing a few officers,soldiers, five civilians and two coolies. The line has been blocked for 50 minutes, and while r waiting I visited a store which had been previously visited by the Boers on a looting expedition. Everything r is completely smashed, and hundreds of empty bottles are strewn about. One of our party killed a sm-.11 puff adder, about two feet long. I hope none of these things pay me a visit when I'm under canvas. Later,we arrived at Frere and beheld a sight I I wish you could see it. There are about 20.000 men encamped round the station. Each regiment is separated. The scene is one of hustle and activity. Here and there are men shoeing horses, some re-packing saddles—then you see a batch of men cooking. This, by the way,is no small thing. Finding and cooking food for 20,000 men gives someone plenty to think about. There are about 96 civilians here, and we are allowed the same rations as Toramy Atkins, which is so far very good. We get fresh meat 11b., bread 11b-, potatoes, tea, sugar, bacon, jam twice a week, &c., Etc., and, what will seem a bit funny to you, 11b. of wood is allowed each man for cooking. This is weighed with as much care as the beef. I, father, and two others have a tent to ourselves and a stretcher each, and are very comfortable. The water is not so nice. It is kbasi colour—river water. Messrs. Lea and Reynolds at home can tell you what river water up country is like. I think it runs over beds of fire brick clay, which colours it. We bathe and wash clothes in the river,then take the water for cooking purposes. One can't afford to be fastidious here, but gets quite used to things like this in South Africa. It is very hot here, it's terrible : and to make it worse for me I lost my big felt hat on the journey up. and have to wear a cap. My nose,ears, and the back of my neck are blistered. Yours, I sup- pose, are nearly frost-bitten. I bought a three-guinea seapshot, and have several pictures which, I hope, will come out all right. After supper I went tor a stroll round some of the camps, and saw several of the chaps I knew in Johannesburg. Saturday, December 9th, 1698. If every night I have to spend under canvas goes off as well as last night I'm all right. The bugle sounds lights out' at 8.30, but as we had a thund, r storm last night our Lgiits were out before that. I slept all night as sound as a bell, thunder, rain, and wind having no effect on me. We breakfast at 8 a.m., and after that I had another walk round with the snapshot. The camp is about early,and after parade the majority have nothing to do, so they pass the time in bathing, visiting other camps, washme clothes, writing, reading, See. Of course some out of each regiment go out scouting in companies of about 150. When I saw Trevillian yesterday he had just re- turned. He had been out since 4 a.m., and it was then 6 p tn. They had been in sight of Coleneo, and had seen a oig number of Boers. They had also seen someone's orchard, for he gave me over a dezen aprieots,which he called ' toot.' All the bilk round are guarded with big guns, and this morning we heard about a dozen shots to the west of us. News in camp is very scarce ; in fact we have to wait for the paper from Maritenuee b,fore we can hear anything. I saw two Boer prisoners brought in this morning, which makes seven we have in camp. Over 4,00$ " Tommies " arrived here this morning, so that we have between 24 and 25 thousand. When the move is to take place I don't know. All the men and, horses here lock in splendid condition. We shall UlOl7B very soon after the soldiers if we don't go with them, so that I am looking forward to being an eye-witness of the next engagement. The men who went out with the armoured train yesterday say the Boers have about 7 miles of earthworks thrown up around Coleneo, so that it will be a stiff fight, but our chaps are splendid fellows, determined to overcoMe anything, and are anxious to be at bueinres I will try and give an account of hew things go. Frere Camp. December 12th, 1899. I am:writing this under difficultiee. Yeti lrn)w in camp life you haven't the conventionalities you have at home. I'm writing sitting on the door with a board for a desk inscribed, " Goeseges." lam afraid 1 sannot give you a descriptien of what life here is like. On all sides waggons are being laden, and all surplus kit is be- ing sent back to Maritzburg. Everything is being put In readiness for a hasty departure, and it is thought that tomorrow a move will be made. There is bound to be a battle this side C lenmo. Every nigor Igo for a stroll to some part of the camp, and I have bad a chat with men of nearly every regiment here. I enjoy going to the camps of the 8.M.1. and T.M.I. which are volun- teer corps, I know so many chars in them from Johanneeburg. I'm not at all sorry now that I failed to get in with them. I shall see and be near everything that happens, and I have much nicer times of it than they have. To-lay there landed 1.200 men from Durban to act as stretcher bearers. It looks like bad business, doesn't it ? Tommy Atkins has already named

===== 0002601_19000112_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1900

them " Corpse Snatchers" and" Body Snatchers." It does not seem to have had any bad effect on the soldiers, and all are eager to be getting into active service again. I stay out as late as I can. If I succeed in learning the countersign I stay out until I feel ready for bed, otherwise I have to be in bed before "lights out " is sounded. Last night I didn't get the countersign, and I sat talking until it was too late to be out without it, so had to stay in the camp all night. I think it is hotter here than anywhere I have ever been. On Saturday I saw a regiment march into camp from Estcourt. Their kit weighed on an average 90 lbs., and they had only had ene halt on the way. It is about nine miles by read, and they were unable to get any water, They were in a very exhausted state, and when they halted abeut 200 yards from camp, over 20 of the men fainted. The men in camp ran out with their water bottles, and dragged the water cart by hand to them. After a drink and a "cheer "they seemed all right. You've no idea how much good a genuine cheer can do. I believe the cheer on Saturday did as much good as the water. I don't know whether I teld you this before—hut father and I went to gee the wrecked train, and the grave of the men who fell in that encounter. A splendid and original tombstone has been erected. It is built (af concrete, and the letterinte is made by inserting empty cartridge cases. I took a snapehot of both the up-set train and the grave. Frew) Camp, December 15th, 1899

A meat fierce battle has been raging all day. Yester- day morning, about 4 30, we heard the big guns roarine and booming about two hours, then at short intervals during the day. This morning they started in deadly earnest: Cannons were fired for about four hours with only a very few seconds between each shot, then they slackened down. It has been, so far, the fiercest dual between the Boers and the British. The Boer.; have a position which will only be taken at great cost. Our troops have refired after making three unsuccessful attempts to take it. The Dutch are on the north side of the Tugela river,and are most securely entrenches abut 250 yards from the bank. The bridges are destroyed, and as our men try to get to the Boer trenches they are met with a perfect hail of bullete. The crack of rifics sounds like a perfect hailstorm on a tin-roofed roo.n. Our number of killed and wounded is very high. A train load of wounded has just passed. I went in to give some of the noor fellows a drink, and it was a most horrible sight. These are the men who are supposed to have the greatest chance of recovery—men with broken arms and lees, and bullet wounds in many other parts. There were 100 men in this first train. There are a few very bad cases on it. One man I was talking to was shot in the stomach. Another was shot in the neck.the bullet coming out of his side. Several were uncoil- sciona and looked as if they were dying. It was a terrible bloody sight. I will try and write you fully next week. Father and I are both in very good health." A FRODSHAM HIGHLANDER AT MAGERSFONTEIN.

Private Hared Dutton of the 2nd Battalion S.,,aforth Highlarders writes to his parents at Frodsham from Medder River, December 13th 2—" You will be very glad to hear from me, for you will have heard about the brigade being in the battle at Magerefontein. We were on out-poet at Enslin on December 9th when word came for UR to march to Modder River at once. We were re- lieved from the hill at Enslin at midnight, landed at Modder River on Sunday morning—no sleep that night —made an advance at noon on Sunday, then retired and slept till about 2 a.m. on Monday morning when we started again. All went well until about four in the morning. It was very dark and raining. never a murmer from any of the men. Before we knew where we were a volley went right into ue. nem were the Seaforthe. Black Watch, Argyle and Sutherlands, and Flighland Light Infantry. Oh, I will never forget it. We walked right into their (the Boers') trenches ; 5,000 of us against 18,000 to 20,000 Boers ! Someone shouted "Charge with the bayonets !" So we did, but it was no use. We retired. We started firing, and were under fire from four in the morning until four in the afternoon. I was firing from behind a bit af a bush, on my stomach for eleven hours. Every time I moved I was shot at. it was terrible. I got away, dodging from bush to bush, until I was out of range of the Boers' abets. Three of us were behind a bush. A Black Watch man was shot; in the neck. One of our officers crawled to him and bandaged him up. He crept back again, and was just loading again when he was shot in both hands; he got up and ran and he was shot in the leg. So you can guess what it was like. I have leo: a lot of my chums. We had eeven officers killed, 200 men killed, wounded, and missing. So I thank God lam safe. My chum from Manchester was wounded. They have sent him to Capetown. It is awful to see them in the hospital. We were burnt some- thing awful about the legs, and we dare not stir, or we got a bullet at us. Oh,it was ter. ible ! The Boers were firing on our hospital waggon. I shall have something te tell you when I see you." FIFTY RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS SIGNED FOR THE FRONT.

Another successful concert with the object of swell- in e the funds for the relief of soldiers and sailors families and widows was given under the auspices of the Ron- corn Detachment of the 2nd Earl Cheshire Volunteer Battalion, at their spacious Drill Hall, Greenway-road, Runcorn, last Saturday night, when the chair was occupied by Captain George F. Ashton. The programme opened with " Gems of Viet erian Melodies "a tuneful selection given in the band's best style. Master Jack Rutter gave" The pardon came too late " and other favourites, being accorded a hearty reception for each. Miss Carter's rendition of "A. Soldier and a Man" caught on remarkably and the audience joined in the refrain. Her second item" Massa's in the cold, cold ground" was equally as fascinating, and for both she was loudly fn. cored. The quartette party Misses Jc nee and Birkett and Messrs Morris and Birkett gave " Carni- vel'a," "On the Banks of Allan Water " and " Now the day's retiring lamp." Mr. Norman Johnson was responsible for the "Storm fiend " and " The Skipper "bath of which his rich voice suited ad- mirably. He was deservedly encored. " Sanea of Env- land "was again rendered by the band. Mr. E. Wnrrall was highly applauded for the "Death of Nelson," but Mr. E. Roberts' rendition of "The Soldiers of the Queen" was perhaps the most popular item of the evening. The whole concluded with "God Save the Queen" by the band. Mr. A. C. Timmins proved an effioient accom- panist.—The Chairman in the course of a short address delivered during the interval thanked the artistes for their hearty co-operation, and especially Mr. Temperley who had kindly placed a piano at their disposal for the whole of the series of concerts free of charge. He also apologised for the absence of Miss Coward, whose brother he was sorry to hear had only that day suc- cumbed to a sudden illness, and for Mr. Harrison who though down to sing could not do so on account of a severe cold. Before concluding, Captain Ashton appealed to the young men of Runcorn to join the Volunteer Force, and pointed out that perhaos in the past certain young men might have looked upon the volunteer movement as ptaying at soldiers. It was not so ; for the present war had shown that the Govern- ment were appreciating the offer of volunteers for ser- vice at the front. Over 50.0ut of 150 of the Runcorn Detachment had signed their names as ready for the front. No doubt that number would not be required at the present time.but they were ready when called upon. (Hear, hear.) He urged all young men to come forward as volunteers, and so save the country from the other- wise ce-tam, though hateful conscription. (Applause). MILITIA ABSENTEES AT WIDNES.

At the Widnes Police Court on Monday before the Mayor (Alderman J I Neil), and Alderman J W Wareing. John Lancaster was charged with being an abseratee without leave from the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment of Militia. P.C. Davidson said that he met the prisoner in Victoria-roar! on Saturday. When prisoner saw him he turned round and ran lway, Wit- ness gave chase and found him hiding in a house in Victoria-street. Pr.s)ner had no pass. In reply to Mr. Lewin (magistrates' clerk) prisoner said they would not give him A P‘S3, so he left. He was going back.— Stephen 'McDermott, Peter Hogan, and Martin Breen were also charged with the same offence. They all told a similar tale—Alderm in Wareing said it was extremely probable and he symoathisecl with them, but it was a breach of discipline. Breen's sister said she wrote for her brother to come over as her father was bad. A friend of Lancaster said the men had volunteered to fight for their Queen and country, and it was very hard for them to be locked up for coming to see their friends. The Mayor said he had sympathy with them, and they regretted that it was against discipline for them to have left without a pass. They did not inteed under the cir- cumstances, to grant the constables a reward, so the men would not be punished. They would have to remand them to await an escort,as they had to adminis- ter the law, and he hoped the men would do their duty when they got back. THE MILITIA AND VOLUNTEER OFFICE RS' EXAMINATION. Local Passes.

On Tuesday it was announo.d that the following officers of local regiments passad in the subjects stated at the examination held in November :—Captain J D Fairelough, Ist V.B Sautli Lane tehire midtary engineer- ing : Captain B F Fairclough and Second Lieutenant C PGough. Ist V.B. S.nith Lancashire, military angineer- ing and military topography : Liouzonant G B Cros- field. Ist V.B. South Lancashire, military law, military enginwring, and military topography: Second Lieutsn- ant ECr Medley. Ist V. B. South L tncashire, military engineering, tactics, and military topography : Second Lieutenant C F Cary, Is,-, V.B. South Lancashire, tacties : Second Lieutenant R Snith. Ist V.B. South Lancashire, military topography. The following Militia appointmees anpeareci in Tues- day nieht's " Gazette ":-3 d BattalL4n the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment). The undermentioned gentlemen to be second lieutenants, A H Spooner. H G Clarkson, and E B Parker.

Railway Station by the 8 28 train for Preston, to join the other men of the regiment who left the town last week, and where they are being prepared for active service in South Africa. The men left Orford Barrack i shortly after six o'clock, and, headed by the Depo: bugle band, marehed to the station, where they were cheered by a large crowd. About 800 men of the battalion have now left the town en route tor the Cape.

A procession was then formed to the Town Hall, the band playing "God bless the Prince at Wales" and other pieces

At the Town Hall the escort wan received by the Mayer, in his robes, and attended by the sword and mace bearers, the members of the Corporation, magis- tratea, the Board of Guardians, and other townsmen. The procession was then reformed and proceeded to the Parish Chu, ch in the following order :—The Volunteer Band led the way, and immediately behind came Lieutenants Lyon and Vaughan bearing the colours. Then followed the escort, members of the local Volun- teer Battalion,the Warringten corps of tbe St. John Am- bulance Brigade, under the direction of the Chief Superintendent (Captain Waring) ; borough police force, under the direction of the Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot), the Mace Bearer and Sword Bearers, the Mayor, with the Town Clerk on his right and his Chaplain, the Rev. John Yonge on his left, members ef the Town Council and officials, magistrates, members of the Board nf Guardians, and the general public. Amongst those present were:—AlOcrman Wright (deputy Mayor), Alderman Faircleugh and Alderman Hutchin son ; Councillors F R Roberts, J Shaw dreenePlumpton, Peacock, Smethurst, A J Jolley, A Jolley, Tiionion, Smethurst, John Evans, James Evans, Lee, Bennett, Shillcsck, Dr Guest Gornall, Messrs T Lougdin (borough surveyor), J Sutcliffe (assistant borough surveyor), John Fairhurst (borough treasurer), J D 3,1.4 (seater engineer), W S Haddock (gas engineer). G F F White (deputy magistrates' clerk), E Place (market inspector), W H Wallingtoe (assistant),' R Nor- man (nuisance inspector), T Birchsll, J.P., j W Hay- ware, J.P., S Wright, J.P., James Hepherd, J.P., Mrs Edelsten, Messrs Ashcroft, G Pilling, T B Malkin, F Auk:and, W,W Winstanley, E V Walker, G Roberts, R M Rob erts. Henry Wilson, Thomas May, Whittle, R T Fairclough, Clegg, E Lunt, H Taylor, M Knowles, ' F Pendlebury Large crowds lined the streets all the way, and much interest was manifesto( in the ceremony. In the church was the depor contingent of the King's Own Liverpool Regiment, under Captain Bailey. The escort was met at the ehurch door by the clergy and choir, and the colours were deposited in the chancel. The Rev Canon Willis occupied the pulpit, and delivered an impressive sermon from the first and last verses of the 46th Psalm. He said he would ask them to try and realise the serious and critical character of the present situation, and see what reasons they had for deep thankfulness to God. He supposed that by that time they all knew South Africa almost as well as their own country. In almost every house they might find a map, and their eyes were fixed upon the theatre of the war. They could picture to themselves their troops ranged round three sides of the Orange Free States-.-.the east, the south and the west, and north of these lines was a hostile army, and south a disaffected population. Three of their forces were be- sieged at different centres—Mafeking, Kimber- ley, and Ladysmith. Along the line of the Tugela lay most formidable entrenchments, an they were waiting with anxiety as to what would be the next move of Sir Recivers Buller. The country,they knew ,favoured the movements of that hos- tile army. We were deficient still in cavalry and in artillery, and the attitude of foreign powers was not exactly friendly, although we trusted it might be so. The issues of the war were great, and we were standing upon our trial, our supremacy being at stake. And yet we had cause for thankfulness. There was a growing acknowledgment that God was with us, and that God was our refuge and strength.We did not realise this three months ago. We sent out our first troops with rather a light heart, with warm congratulations and expecting them soon to return. We did not realize all that was before us. Now we did, and we realized the import- ance, nay, the solemnity, of the issues. What was the meaning of that service that day ? What was the mean- ing of that congregation ? What was the meaning of IP) 'ceremony if 1-, be not that we realized that God was with us and that we were looking to Him for protection and help ? Again, what reason ss e had to thank God for the attachment of the colonies, for the affection, which was believed to be real and deep, of Canada and Australia, and, though, perhaps, we hardly expected it, of India tco—circurnstancss so different to Canada and Australia. The colonials were our own blood relations, but it was not so in India, and yet they were shrinking from the thought of black or dark-coloured nations fighting with white men. We cuuld 'not be too thankful for that feeling of attachment on the part of our colonies to the mother country of England. What reason had we not for thankfulness to God for the courage and devotion of our soldiers, sailors, military volunteers—the splendid courage and devotion of all who were taking part in the war,from the Commander-in-Chief downwards. He had nearly reached the allotted span of life, three score years and ten. He had made a name and reputation throughout the world, and yet he was willing to risk it again at the call of his country and go out and lead our troops. What did we not owe to our sailors, so anxious to leave their ships to fight on land for Queen and coun- try ? But what should he say to the fifty representa- tives present of the thousand belonging to the battalion who had volunteered for service at the Cape ? What should he say to the 10men of the Warrington Volunteer 11Corps who were going out to the Cape also. Had we not reason to thank God for the courage and for the dovotion of these men, particularly of the militia and volunteers, who were leaving their quiet homes and their pursuits and livelihood at the call of duty ? Had we not reaeon to thank God for the sympathy and for the generosity of the people ? Whose hearts did not go out anel who had not tried to show their thankfulnesa by deeds ? At the present morneet we read that cur own relief fuud had reached the large sum of £3.000 and that of the Lord Mayor of London £500,000. Had we not reason to thank God for all these things ? Ho wished, in conclusion, to address his words more par- ticularly to the soldiers and to the militia and voluntetrs. He would elk them to fix their eyes, if they could see them, upon the colours in the chancel. He wanted them to think what those colours meant. For the last 200 years he understood, from the time of Queen Ann, every battalion of tht Line and the Militia and Volunteers had two colours--the royal colour and the regimental colour. The royal colour was the Queen's colour, and it was composed of three crosses surmounted by a crown and a lion. What did those three crosses signify ? There was the red cross of St. George, the white cross of St. Andrew, and the red cross of St. eatrick. The red cross of St. George lying upon the white cross of St. Andrew marked the union, just 300 years completed, of Eng:and and Scotland, and the red cross of St. Patrick lying upoe the white cross of St. Andrew marked the union, just 100 years com- pleted, of Ireland ; so that the three crosses, the white cross of St. Andrew, the red cross of St. Patrick, and overlying them the red cross of St. George, marked the union of England Ir 4anel and Scotland. And so when they looked at them and thought of them they saw three things,—the lion to teach courage, the crown loyalty, and the three crosses devotion. That was the meaning of tt e Queen's colour ; and the regimental colour I recorded the deeds of the regiment in the past. These colours were now to be deposited with the Mayor for safe custody until the msa crane back to England, God grant them all a safe return. When they were in that foreign land let them try to have consideration tor these who were for the time only their foes, and remem- ber that 400 years ago the Portuguese owned the coun- try. Try to think of them. They discovered the Cape. One hundred and fifty years afeerwards the Ditch took the country, and for 150 years they had held it, while for chi, last 100 years we had possessed it. It seemed as if God had given it into our bands for high reasons—not for cur own solfinh gain, but to spread a wise and good government throughout the land, and to teach the reli- gion of the Lord Jesus Christ. I ask you when you are , away to show deep consideration for those who will be but for a time your enemies, and that we shall be one again. During the service special prayers were read, and the hymns, " Fie,ht the good fight," " 0 God oesr help in ages past," and "Onward Christian soldiers" were susg At the close the National Anthem was rendered.

Outside the church the proceetioa re-formed, anloece mere wended its way to the Town Hall. Here, Ctp ale Skirrlwson behalf of Colonel R. Ireland Blackburne com- manding, gave the colours into the charge of his Wor- ship, The Meroa said :—Officers. N.C.O.'s, and men of the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment. I receive withimuch pleasure through you, acting on behalf of your commanding officer, Lieutenant-Colonel R. Ireland -Blackburn(' whnsA nanyl has been long and honourably asenciated with this town and district, the celaurs of your battalion. I gladly avail myself of the present op• rportunity of joining with my fellow townspeople, in ex- pressing to to you our warm admiration of the motives which have prompted you to show your loyalty to our i beloved Queen, and rour determination to assist in the ' nreservat ion ef her vast empire by volunteering for an- tive service in South Africa. I fervently pray that it may please the Great Ruler of the Universe so to order events that Ihe present war may be brought to a speedy and suceessful issue, and that you may all return t ) your native land in safety bringing with you those laurels of victory to which your devoted patriotism so fully entitles you. While the colours remain in my poss,sion, they shall be faithfully cared for, and I shall look forward with joyful anticipation to the day when they shall be restored to their lawful custediane,to have emblazoned noon their folds air victories which you have helped to win. The colours were then conveyed to the Council C bar whore whore they are to be hung, and the proceedings terminated. The escort were prwithd with dinner at Orford Barracks,after which they wore conducted to thr. station by the Volunteer bugle band. They received a hearty send-off from the Large crowds assembled. Pres- ton was reached at five o'clock LIEUTENANT-COLONEL IRELAND BLACK- BURNE THANKS THE MAYOR. The Mayor has received the following letter : Fele-coed Bafracks, Presto'n, Bth January, 1900.

Dear Mr. Mayor.— I mmt, write you a few line; of thanlts for the very cordial vry in which you ha,ve responded to the pronosal I made to I)dge the colours of my battalion in the Town Hal under your care as elic.f magistrate of the borough

of Warrington daring the absence on service in South Africa. The nen-cammisiiiened offiner; and men forming the escort greatly appreciated the kind provision you made for!them :Ali reports that I have received of the arrange- ments for the ceremony show me how much inter •st you and those working with you took in trying to mak this unique function worthy of the occasion. I remain, dear Mr. Mayor, Yours very truly, R. IRELAND BLACKBURNI.

MAJOR BUCKTON SUGGESTS 1 LUXURIES FOR THE MILITIAMEN. The Mayor has received the follwing letter : Bewsey New Hall, Warrington, Bth January, 1900. Dear Mr. Mayor,— _

Allow me to draw your attention to the announce- ment in to-day's papers that the 3rd Battalion Prince or Wales's Volunteers (seuth Lancashire Regiment) will emb irk in the City of Rome next Monday for South Africa. That battalion, formerly the 4th Royal Lanca- shire Militia, is one of the oldest institutions of Warring- ton. At their annual training for many years the men were billeted in the town, the headquarters and perman- ent staff were in the B trracks at Rank Quay, and the officers' M 033 was in a,id-street. They still asssrnble arid obtain their equipment here every year. The fact that they gave their colours into your charge yesterday shows that they look back to Warrington as their home, and the only proper place in which to deposit the most precious treasures that they possess, the emblems of their duty, loyalty ,and honour. I venture to assert that this feeling towards the town is fully appreciated and reciprocated, that we are proud of the Warrington Militia, and especially proud of the way in which all ranks have ccme forward now, beyond their strict duty, and have offered Uric services at the seat of war in a colony where the Militia cannot be compelled to serve. ' I hope that you think with me that the town would like to show this in some definite form, and, therefore, I suggest th tt it should do so by presenting a supply of tobacco, literature, Sze., for the use of the men during the voyage, and some cigars for the officers. There is very little time available, but if you would make such a proposal publicly, a sufficient sum might soon be raised for the purpose, and perhaps for the provision of other comforts. Tobacco could be put on board the ship from bond, duty free. Yours faithfully, J. D. BIICKTON. His Worship the Maven. of Warrington. THE DATE OF DEPARTURE.

It was announced on S.iturday that three transports have been taken up for the conveyance to South Africa of seven battalions of Militia, estimated to number in all 5,303 officers and men, who have been ordered for war service. The City of Rome starting from Liverpool, pro- bably, but not positively next Monday (the 15th), will convey the 2rd south Lancashire, 824 strong, from Preston, and the 4th Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Royal Renfrew), 828, from Dublin. Twenty six field officers' horses go ow, with the battalions but no machine guns.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
FURTHER DEPARTURE OF MILITIA

On Monday evening a further draft of the 3r 3 Battalion South Lancashire Reg rnent (Prince of Wales's Volunteers), eensiiting of eighty men, left Bank Quay

===== 0002601_19000112_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARATIONS FOR VOLUNTEERS AT WARRINGTON BARRACKS.

The authorities at Orford Barracks are shortly to re- ceive three companies of Lancashire Volunteers,who are to be prepared for embarkation to South Africa. A company of 116 non-commissioned cfficers and men will be made up of the let and 2nd Prince of Wales Volun- teers from Warringt m and St. Helena respectively. This company will strengthen the let South Lancashire Regi- ment now forming part of Sir Charles Warren's Brigade in Natal. A second company will be composed exclu- sively of the sth Irish Volunteer Battalion from Liver- pool, and this will be attached to the Royal Irish Regi- ment, which has just landed at Durban. A third com- pany of volunteers is destined to reinforce the let King's Liverpool Regiment, at present in beleagured Lady- smith. This company will be composed of volunteers in several Liverpool corps. The date of departure has not yet been ordered.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. MAN JOINS THE YEOMANRY.

There wls a fair attendance at Wycliffe P.S.A. ser- vice on Sunday. Mr. Downes presided and delivered a brief address, suitable to the first Sunday in the New Year. Mr. Bowman of Liverpool was the speaker and in his address spoke of the duty of cultivating a che2r- ful spirit. Mr. Arthur Griffiths sang " The Holy City " which was greatly appreciated. The Rev. J. Yonge and Mr. George Wallington also took part in the service. At the close of the service Mr. Yonge on behalf of the members ef the society said good-hye, and expressed good wishes. to Mr. Horace Reeves whe had been a regular attendant at their services, and who had volun- teered and been accepted into the Imperial Yeomanry. Mr. Reeves has joined the N3rthwich company under Captain Mosely Leigh, which assembled at Chester on Wednesday. and will leave England for South Africa on the 1511 nt. He is a Colonill having been born in Jamaica, and has had considerable experience in the saddle and with the rifle.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
A LANCER YEOMANRYMAN.

Mr. S. Boond, of Eagle-brow. Lymm, coachman to Dr. Williamson, has been accepted as a member of the Chesh;re sivailyom of the Imperial Yeomanry, and will leave Lymm for a special tranning at Chester, befov going to South Africa. Bond was formerly in the 17th Lancers, and took part in the charge ot that celebrated regiment after the battle of Ulandi and other engage- ments in the Zalu war. Ho will leave a wife and one dauohter behind, who, it is needless to say, will be well looked after by the local branch of the "Absent-minded Beggar's" Association.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming Club Members for the Yeomanry.

Mems.Walter and Arthur Ashton,prominent members of the Warrington Swimming Club and Water Polo team have joined the Cheshire Yeomanry. They underwent medical examination on Wednesday, and were passed as fit for active service.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
A Militiaman Anxious to Rejoin.

Thomas Williams was charged at the Warrington Borough Court on Thursday with being an absentee from the 3rd Battalion South Lancash Ire Regiment, stationed at Orford Barracks, Elißee the 3rd January.—fle pleaded guilty.—?.o.liffe said that at eight o'clock the prisoner came into the Police Station, surrendered him- self, and said he had been to the Barracks and they had refused to take him in, telling him that he must give himself up to the civil police.—The Chief Constable said the battalion would go to the front on Monday next.— P.C. Condliffe said the man was very willing to rej)in.— Prisoner was remanded to await an escort.

THE WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS FOR

===== 0002601_19000112_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FRONT.

The following N.C.O.'s and men of the First Volunteer Battalion (1".W.V.) South Lancashire Regiment have been detailed to hold th-mselves in readiness to parade before Colonel Spratt, the Officer commanding Bth and 40. h Regimental District, in order that he may select from them :-2 sergeants, 2 corporals. 1 bugler, 1 stretcher bearer, and 50 privates, to form the half cotn- Pany required for immediate service trom the Flatalion. The remainder will then be selected to form a portion of the reserve half company also required. The whole con- tingent paraded on Wednesday night, at 8.30 p.m. in the Drill Hall, before the Adjutant,aniireceiveii instructions. Further orders will shortly he issued concerning • the re- mainder of the meel who have volunteered for service, and from among whom the reserve half company will be completed. Ragt. Regt No. Rank and Name. No. Rank and Name. 4647 Pte W Blackwood 4316 Pte T A Ince 4613 Pte R Heaton 3030 Cr Sgt J Willeocks 4572 Pte Flt Jones 3393 Corpl J ?toward 4435 Bugler T Taylor, 3494 Corpl J J Houghton 4329 Pte J Loundes 44E5 Pte H Wadsworth 4626 Pte G Heath 3953 Pte W Sparks..

3'533 Pte G Fearnley 4665 Pte A Dennett

4651 Pte J Atkinson 4337 Pt a T Abbott 4638 Pte R Armstrong 4116 Pte T Massey 4703 Pte T Brocklehurst 4542 Pte If Barker 4452 Pte T i Sudlow 4544 Pte W Heesom 4194 Pte M Nixdorf 4768 Pte W J Cole

4861 Pte F Hughes

4855 Pte C

47'11 Pte T Carle 3887 Pte T Bate

4490 Corpl J Ilunt 47b0 Lee Cpl J Robinson

4505 Pte A Ashton 4503 Pte A Sutton

4146 Pte *. Ashton 4564 Pte W Hind

3209 Cr Se T W Moore 4714 Pte T S DAyiea 4337 Lc. CO P Rozerson 4737 Pte J Parker 407 ) Lce Cpl J Allen 4671 Pte A Horton 3693 Pte F W Taylor 4675 Pte L SuMon. _ ...

:i&ii: Pie- -T B Allen 4636 Pt a S Pomfret 3896 Corpl Massey 4409 Pt,a A. Dean 4680 Pte R Iron! 4479 Pte J Sidcock _ _

4742 Pte W Taylor 4569 Pte THeroes 4693 Pte 11 Dale 4763 Pte J Jarrett 4700 Pte A Rose 4512 Pt .1 T Moore

iji i'te T Massey

4365 Pte A Hougbton

5628 Pte J Mather 4493 Pte B B.v;in 4641 Pte C Pairbrother 4732 Pte C Booth "FOR GOD AND OUR COUNTRY."

In con:lee-ion with the Evangelical Free Churches ot Warrington and diitric t, a prayer meeting, described as "a cal to ueited prave r for God and our country," has been h-id eich evening during the week from eight to nine, in the Wesleyan schoolroom, BoIA-street. The first meeting, which was not well attended, was he;cl on Monday evaniniz, the Rev. Theodore Bishop, sup-rin- tendent of the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit, presiding. Several ministers of other denominations wore present. Appropriate hymns were avg, and the Chairman after explaining the ebjeat of the meetings expressed kii sur- prise at th small attendance. He said that if he ha A b-en told prior to the meesine, that there would have been such a small attendance he woul I not have bellev,d that statement. He should have thought that during this particular vrt-Tk at anyrate the building would have la.:en faun i too small for thoia a nxious to meet together in pr +yer to Gel. I wai th spirit of earnest prayer, intweislry prayer. tha'", was wanted. Several of those present engaged in short prayeri.

===== 0002601_19000112_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COLOURS OF THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE MILITIA.

lrnpressiie Ceremony at Warrington.

Sunday last will be remembered for many yeas to come as witnessing one of the most interesting and unique events in the history of Warrington, for ou that day the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, which has volunte-.,red for active service in South Africa. placed its colours, those emblems so dear to every British-soldier, in the safe keeping of the people of Warrington, as represented by the Mayor, Alderman Roberts. The ceremony was a striking and impressive one. Each battalion pos- sesses two colours, the Royal and the regimental,and it son the latter that the honours gained by the regiment are inscribed. The regimental colour of the South Lancashire Militia as yet bears no record of glorious deeds, though it is noteworthy that this is the second time that the battalion has volunteered for active service, the first occasion being during the Crimean War. Its services were not then re- quired, but no that they are, the battalion may be trusted, if it has the chance, to gain distinction, and to put the name of some hard-fought South African field on its colour. The banner is cf white silk, with a red cross on it. In the centre are the Prince ot Wales's feathers, surrounded by a circle of thistles, inside which are the words, "The Prince of Wales's Volunteers." rhe number of the battalion is in the left-band corner, in Roman numerals. The Queen's colour is familiar to all, and does not need describing. Th,, escort chosen to convoy the colours to Warring- ton, which is the depot of the regiment, assemblPal on tile square in front of the officers' quarters At Fulmsod Barracks at a quarter to eight. Captain Skirrow was in command, the other officers being Lieutenant Lyon (a nephew of Mrs. Lyon, of App'eton Hall), and Vaughan (who carried the emblems) and Lieuten int Carson. The rank and file numbered 40 and the non-commissioned officers 9. The party left the Barracks for the station at 8 o'clock. Warrington was reached about 10.30. Out- side the station a guard of honour was in waiting com- posed of the officers, non-c.ornmissioned officers and men of the Volunteer Battalion who had volunteered for active service in South Africa. Thee were in command of Colonel Ridgway. Major and Adkltant Ronnie, Major Buckton, Captains Edelsten, Appleton, J D Fairclounh, and Lieutenants Croafield and Willcocks. They axoro joirlecl be the Fire Brigade,under the direction of Super-. mtenderA Turner ; and -then the escort left the stet.ion the Volunteer Band (under the direction of My. Arm 1 strong) played the first bars of " G3d Favo the Queen.'

===== 0002601_19000112_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

P.S.A.

The usual weekly meeting of the P.S.A. Society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, on Sunday afternoon, when there was a large attend- ance. Mr Ainsworth presided, and a strong address was given by Mr. Plant, of Hay dock. Vocal items were given by Miss Daisy Mather, and Mrs Latimer presided at the piano. PE,ESENTATIONS TO YEIkTANRY VOLUNTEERS AT EARLESTOWN.

The shop mates of A. E. Jones and A. Warren, bath of velom were employed at the Viaduct Works and have volunteered wit,h the Imperial Yeomanry, decided to mark the occasion in a practical manner. In Warren they presented a pipe and case, knife and half a pound of tobacco, and to Jones, a lizard skin cigar case and cigars, and silver match box, botl2 bearing his monogram. INCORPORATED SOCIETY OF MUSICIANS.

At the examination in Practical Music held by the above Society at the Royal Institution, Colquitt- street, Liverpool, December 11th, 1899, the follow- ing pupils of Mrs E Latimer, A.R.C.0., (Earlestown) were successful : —Pianoforte playing, Intermediate Grade (pass), Mr Colin McHardy ; Elementary Grade (honours), MiSA M Blything ; Elementary Grade (pass), Miss Kelsall ; Preliminary Grade (pass), Miss F Bowes ; Preliminary Grade (pass), Miss M Apple!_on ; Preliminary Grade (pass), Miss M Lyons; Preliminary Grade, Singing (honours), Miss Edith Sirett. iNQUEST AT EARLESTOWN.

The inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of Patrick Concannon, briefly reported last week, was opened in the Town Hall, Earles- town on Friday morning by Mr. S. Brighouse, Coroner. Mr. ttiley, solicitor. St. Helens appeared on behalf of ks.3rs. Parnell and Son, contractors, Rugby for whom decea,ed had worked. After cer- tain evidence had been taken the jury proceeded to visit the spot were the accident was said to have happened, and the inquiry was afterwards adjourned in order tnat a post-mortem examination might; he made.—The inquest was resumed on Tues- day morning by Mr. Brighouse, who, as a preliminary complained of the comfortless condition of the room owing to no fire having been kindled. He sent for the Hall keeper, who in reply to questions said that the police had only given him very short notice and he had not had time to put a fire in. The Coroner said if that was the way he was to be treated he had better revert to the public house where he did at least get c omfort. Dr. Valentine on being called stated that the deceased was broaght to his surgery on the morning of October 13, having met with an acci- dent at his work, a brick falling on him from a height of 22 feet on to his head. Witness examined him, and found he was suffering from a very severe scalp wound, with violent concussion of the brain. After five weeks' regular attention deceased par- tially recovered. He was then attended at his sur- gery up to a week previous to January 3. On De- cember 29 he was taken suddenly ill with bronchial pneumonia and violent delirium, and died on Janu- ary 3. He had made a post-mortem examination of the body, at which Dr. Latham assisted. Re attri- buted the immediate cause of death to bronchial pneumonia.—ln reply to the Coroner witness said he thought the accident might have left deceased in a weak state, but both he and Dr. Latham agreed that death was due to natural causes.—After some consideration the jury returned a verdict of "Death from natural causes."

NEWTON:YEOMANRY AND VOLUNTEERS FOR SOUTH AFRICA.

On Friday evening a smoking concert was held at the Conservative'tub, L'arlestown, in honour of the members of the Newton troop of the Lanca- shire Yeomanry fluesarsoind of the `• G" (Newton) Company of the Ist S L Prince of Wales Volunteers, who have offered their services for South Africa, and have been accepted. Mr. John Robinson presided and besides the Yeomanry and Volunteers, there was an exceptionally large atten4ance of well- wishers. The Chairman in a pithy speech stated the object of the gathering which he said was to wish God-speed to toO3e who had given their services in their country's good, and to assist in upholding the honour of the empire. fie was sure they had the heartiest wishes ot all present for their safe return from the seat of war, and he had no doubt they would do regimenttthoewirhibeehstoteoyubpentoonldgetdh.e(chhoeenroB7.Thoef ctohne. cart then proceeded and the following programme was very efficiently rendered. Glee, - "Sailor's Chorus "; song," Off t,,s the Front," Mr G Wright; recitation, " Charge of the Light Brigade," Mr W Sutton: humorous, "The Lily of Laguna," Mr J Huddleston ; glee " Comrades in Arms " ; song, "Soldiers of the Queen," Mr Cll Lea; song, The British Lion," Mr W H Kay ; recitation, "The Absent-Minded Beggar," Mr W Sutton; song, "The Young Brigade," Mr C H Lea; humorous song, "All for the sake of Finnegan Mr Huddleston ; song, " Red, White and Blue," Mr George Wright ; Glee, "Soldiers Choras."—The following t 08,48 were given at intervals in the concert : "The " C" troop "of Lancashire Hussars, responded to by Sergeant-Msjor Perce, end ex-Sergeant-Major Strange. "The Volunteers," responded to by Captain Dr. Patterson, and Sergeant-Major Killeen. At the close votes of thanks were proposed to the artistes by Mr. Owbridge, seconded by Mr. G.Moon. After the concert, Mr. John Robinson, on behalf of the Colonel Wareing lodge of Orangemen presented Sergeant Owbridge of the Hussars, with a pair of powerful binocular field glasses, expressing the hope that they might prove useful to him in dis- covering the whereabouts of the enemy. The pro- ceedings throughout were most enthusiastic and on siaturday morning the Yeomanry left by train for Southport to undergo 10 days' training before proceeding to the front. There was a fair number of people at the station to see the men off. LINUM CATHATITICTTM PILLS, digestive, Correc- tive, and avreeably aperient, 91d., 13id. Of all Chem sta. Advt.

qnASK for OUNNINGH iM'S HIGII-CL.A.S3 MINERAL WATERS.—Advb. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL, UNDER THE CLOCK.—Adv

Warrington .—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER Co. at The hxaminer Gen,,ral Printing Works, tiewsey- street,and y)ublished by them at the same place and also at 1:4:;y2:;141:f}zof chester.—JANuAßY 12, 1900. Offices, Victoria-road,WIDNES; 42,Gieorge- ILTa;11 caan3dtei3, !,.Vii,aflZstaiteeHtighlt.A.stlirLeeEtsAiouWNNc, In itts trele ceeTtohc, teio6nil

===== 0002601_19000112_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

_

1 -'2114 !;.1

===== 0002601_19000112_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW GOSPEL HAIL, FORSTER-STREET WARRINGTOI4.—TO-MORROW, (Sunday) Jan. 14th 3 p.m. and 6 30 p.m. Preacher : Mr • JOS. NEWMAN of Liverpool. All seats free. Itio collection. Books provided.

BOLD-S TR EE T WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTOI4I. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 14th, At 10 30. Rev O. H. HOCK At 6 30, Rev. C. FINCH. All welcome._Hymn Books provided. DANCING.—MISS ETHEL SPINKS will resume her DANCING and CALISTHENIC CLASSES at the CONSERVATIVEt CLUB ASSEUBLY ROOMS on SATUR- DAY. JA N CAEN 20Ta.— WEDNESDAY EVENING ADULT CLASS wlll be held in the MASONIC HALL, BOLD-STREET, on JANUARY 17TH. For furthn particulars apply to 4, Salishury-street, War- rington. T" UNION BANS OF MANCHESTER, LIM ITED. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a DIVIDEND at the rate of TWET VT SH LUNGS PER SHARE for the half- year ending the 31st DECEMBER 1899 free of ineome tax,has been declared and will be payable to the Shareholders on cud after the 12th January 1900. F. W. MASON. General Manager. sth January, 19C0. N.B.—The Transfer Books are closed till after the 12th instant. RUNCORN GAS COMPANY.—NOTIOE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING of the Shareholders of the Runcorn Gas Conspany will be held in till Gms ()Mee, Runcorn. on THURSDAY, the Ist day of February, 1900, at 11 a.m. to receive the Report of he Directors, to declare a Dividend and to transact the business of an ordinary inviting. THE TRANSFER BOOKS will be CLOSED on the 26th January until after the meeting. By Order. J. R. FRITH, Secretary and Manager. Gas Office. Runcorn, 11th January, 1900.

_ SEAMEN 'S INSTITUTE, STATION-ROAD, RUNCORN. THE LATEST AMERICAN NOVELTY: "TEE LUNCH BASKET SOCIAL," will be held at the MERSEY MISSION. ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, 17th JANUARY, 1900. under the leadership of TWO AMERICAN LADIES. Concert to commence at 7.30 ; admittance 6d. each. Ladies providing Inch baskets free. CROSFIELD AND SONB. LIMITED, WARRINGTON. 6 PER CENT, CUMULATIVE PRE-PREFERENCE SHARES. The TRANSvER BOOKS of this Company relating to this issue will be CLOSSD from the 16th to the 31st JANUARY, instant (bath days inclusivL) tor the purpose of preparing and issuing the Dividend Warrants due 31st JANUARY. W. H ROBINSON, secretary. Dated, Warrington, 9th January, 1900. ---- 11111 E ANNUAL UNIT P:D C .)MMUNION SERVICE IL in connection with tha Evangelical Free Churches of Warrington will be I.eld in BoLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, on 1-3UNDAY EVENING Nurr, January 14th at eight o'clock. The REV. T. BISHOP will preside, and the REV. J. YONGR WILL GIVE IN ADDRESS. Members of all Evangelical Churches are earnestly invited. In connection with the above the following interchange of pulpits has been arranged : BEWSEY-ROA.P WESLEY IN CHURCH, 6.30 p.m. REV. J. WARNOCK, M.A., B.D. BOLD-SIRE/a WESLEYA.N CHURCH. 6.30 p.m. 11.'4V. C FINCH. EMMANUEL (REFORHED CHURCEI OF ENGLAND), 630 p 7n. aim T. BISHOP. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH, 6.3 J p.m. REV C. H. HOOKEN. LATCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH. 6 p.m. REV. YONGE. LEGH-STREET PRIMITIVE NIETILODIST CHURCH, 6 p.m. :.EV. J. F. MATTHEWS. ST. JOHN'S PRE,BYTERIAN CHURCH, 6.39 o.m. REV. S. T. REED. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. 630 p.m. REV. .1. I. SCHOFIELD.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS. AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a ?Ina Nelection of Rare COINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA. and BRIC-A-BRAC, OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63-RENSHAW-STRRET, LIVERPOOL-63 Established 1819. Valuatioas for Probate.

A CARD. M. ANGUS AND SON, 27 AND 295 LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Csoren DESIGNS IN JEWELS, SILVER, AND ELECTRO-PLATR, SUITABLE FOR XMAS PRESENTS. ILLUSTRATED LISTS FREE.

RUM' 'RES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. REMINGTON'S Improved Bite:Anal TRUSS tOT Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7h 9 Grosvenor-street Lon oon-road. Manchester.

WHERE did you get that JACKET. dear? It is a Tailor-made one, I eau plainly see. What! only 395. 6d. II I —lined satin—where at ? Why, at W. T. REDHEAD'S, 9, CHURCH-LA, only 6 doors from CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. How ean they possibly be made 4t the price ? Really I shall go and be measured for one to-day.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED TO THE LARGE AND COMMODIOUS PREMISES IN BEWSEY-STREET, Lately occupied by Messrs. Hesketh and Dutton.

THE WORLD HAS BEEN MADE BY IMPROVEMENTS. The greatest enemies I have must admit that my 68. 6d. AND Bs. 6d. GENT'S BOOTS Are a decided Improvement upon anything ever offered at the price. ARTHUR EVANS, • 5, LONDON-ROAD, 24, BERRY-STREET, 51, BYROM-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 225 Anfield. OALL OR WRITE if you want a treat. TOM ‘..) TAYLOR'S Sewn Boots FIT the Feet. Ladies' or Gent's, 6/11, 8/11. 10/6 to a Guinea. Carriage paid. Football Boots, 3/11. bhin Guards, 6d —5O, hiANCHESTEIi-STREET, Liverpool.

HALF-YEARLY SALE. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMIT FD. BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ARE NOW OFFERING AT GREAT REDUCTIONS THE WHOLE OF THEIR SURPLUS STOCK OF WINTER SEASON'S GOODS, FMBR iCING— COSTUMES D3APERY MILLINERY FURNISHING MANTLES BOOTS SHOES FURS LACES OUTFITTING HOSIERY SILKS RIBBONS DRESS MATERIALS TRIMMINGS LINENS GLOVES; The Reductions are very important, and vary from 20 to 50 per cant. on Season Goods. Wkere necessary to make a complete clear- ance, the goods have heels re-marked without regard to cost prices. BASNEIT-ST., LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS RE-COVER,ED with Austrian Cloth for 2s. ; Gloria Silk for 3s. ; Satin de Chine for 3s. 11d. ; any size. A first-class tassel with each !woven Choice selection of Umbrellas and Walking Sticks always kept in stook. 27, MANCHESTER-ST., Liverpool. QERGE JACKETS FOR COLD WEATHER.— livery workman should have one of 1-IAOUR'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool

SPI4IOIDID Assortment of New Stason's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d (to meanly.' TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE arL(' LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent ear- riage paid.

_ NEXT OF KlN.—Wanted to find relative 3 of JANE MAY (MAIDEN NAME MIDDLE HURST),for- merly of St. Helens, 25 ar 30 years of age.—Replies to be addressed to B. Coot, 30, MUVID-ROAD, Falcon-road, Batter- sea, London.

JOHN BROWN & CO. ACCOUNTANTS, TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. (33FTABLISHED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLASSES OF BUSINESS TRANSFERRED, PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED. MACHINERY VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELL'S BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH JOHN-ST. LIVERPOOL. CINEMATOGRAPII ENTERTAINAIENTS.—Chas. Scholl's new Bioseope, the most up-to-date exhibition of Living Pictures for Bazaars, &c. Moderate terms.-87, LORD-STREET, Liverpool. "PTIOEG PARDON, EXCUs sIE, BILE Wll tat b: JLI DID—," "OH, YES! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3, LERCE-STREE2, LIVEI.LPOOL." "THANK YOU."

Fu".—NORTHERN' FUR CO., 120, PORT- LAND-STREET, Oxford-street End, Manchester. (Late Lever-street.) FURS: SABLE, FOX. AND OTHER NECKLETS, SEAL- SKIN JACKETS. CIRCULAR CAPES, MUFFS, SABLE, MARTEN, & SQUIRREL TAILS, TRIMMINGS, &c. Also Alter Lions— SEALSKIN GARMENTS. FURS CLEANED, REPAIRED. RE-DYED, &c. 120, PORTLA.ND-STREET (OXFORD-STREET END), MANCHESTER.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, JANUARY 14nat, AT 3P.M. OPEN MIMING WHEN REV. B. W. BROWN, (A COLOURED MINISTER). WILL SPEAK ON " RELIGIOUS LIFE IN SL&VELAND." HIS TWO BOYS WILL SING SOLOS AND DUETS. CHAIRMAN: MR. T. S. KENT. COLLECTION FOR P.S.A. FUNDS.

YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STR &Et TO-MORROW MORNING- (SUNDAY), JANUARY 14, 1900' AT 10.30. NEW YEAR'S SERVICE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE. ADDRESS BY THE REV. J. YONGE. Bunn= • "THE CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS." ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OF BIBLES to the Members of the Pastor's Annual Class. N.E.—Bsirnest Invitation is hereby given to all former Members of this Class to attend this Service, and Young People generally will be cordially welcomed. SPECIAL HYMNS. USUAL OFFERTORY.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDHB 1710. SUM INSURED IN 1898 EXCEEDED £430.000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRING-TON Messrs. J. IL Pickmere & Son,Bridge-st., Messrs. Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horeernarket-street, Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l, King-street Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank-street.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, fi kjIGARETTES, SNUFFS EXOMS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 66 Years.

. WHITE STAR LINE ,V ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. , .. 114 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via '.: r,".7,7—'—'_ • 0 - • Queenstown. TEUTONIC Wed. Jan...-. 17 i GERMANIC Wed., Jan... 24 Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply tel ISMLT, Imam, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhal street. London ILO..

A LLAN LIN E STEAMERS - SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. *s.s. BUENOS AYRRAN for Portlcind Jan. 20 h ti.s. CARTHAGINIAN for Halifax Philadelphia Jan. 23td S S. PARISIAN for. Portland direct Jan, 25rh cs, NIIMIDIAN for PorVandel o.ect Feb. 3rtp *Cargo only Saloon Fares from £lO, 2nd Catai £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks. mans, rates. and full particulars free on application to ilia.i.sli SZIOTIfvSEI 3: Co., 19, James 3t., Liverpool.

TUITION BY CORRESPONDENCE. HOME STUDY COURSES. A COURSE of 12 LESSONS 12s tor one Subject and les for each additional Subject. English Grammar and Com- position, British History, Geography, Book-keeping, Latin. Arithmetic, ,liensuration, Euclid, Algebra, Trigonometry, Mechanics &c. Wor Prospectus and Full Particulars apply T. tiOl3.ON. CORRASPONDENCE INSTITUTE. 122, BRUNTSFIELD PLACE, EDINBURGH.

ROCHES HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual T_TOOPING COUGH cure without internal

medicines. HOOFING COUGH ---- Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4. per bottl is. Sole Wholesale Agen ts. BRONCHITIS VT, EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

J. E. HUGHES (LATH 5, ST. GEORGR'S-CRESCENT) HAS REMOVED TO HIS NEW PREMISES 36, PARADISE STREET. HIGH-CLASS STOCK OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS AND CAPES, AT PRICES MUCH BELOW OTHER SHOPS. HOT-WATER BOTTLES. 6 x 8 6 x 10 8 x 10 8 x 12 23. 11d. 3. 3d. 4s. 2d. 4s. 11d. 6 x 12 10 xl2 8 x 14 10 x 14 3s. 11d. 54. 6d. ss. 6d. 63. 3d. 12 xl4 10 xl6 18 x 16 7s. 2d. 63. 11d. Bs. 61 THE NOTED SHOP FOR WATERPROOF LINEN J. E. HUGHES, 36, PARADISE-STREET, (OFF CHURCH-STREET).

THE MAYOR'S FUND MESSRS. JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND ,SONS, LIMITED, WILL GIVE THE WHOLE OF THEIR PROFIT MADE on the sale of " PERFECTION " SOAP sold in Warrington an 3 the district, FROM THIS DATE UP TO JANUARY 31sT NEXT, TO THE MAYOR'S FUND in aid of the wives and families of the Reservists. EVERY PURCHASER OF " PERFECTION" SOAP will thus become A DIRECT CONTRIBUTOR to the Mayor's Fund, and IF ALL WARRINGTONIA.NS WILL USE "PERFECTION ' SOAP AND NO OTHER. THE PROFIT MAY BR EASILY MADE INTO £2O A WEEK, OR AN AGGREGATE OF AT LEAST £2OO. EVERY WOMAN IN WAR- RINGTON AND DISTRICT SHOULD HELP The sum payable under this arrangement will be published in the local papers every Saturday, USE ONLY 4-10 ERFECTION " SOAP AND ADVISE ALL YOUR FRIENDS TO DO THE §AnE.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN SrOU.. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. &LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WIHWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTA.NOIs AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. IS NOW SHOWING ALL THE NF.W SHAPES IN SAILOR HATS' Fon 1900. BLACK, WHITE, .54 SPECKLED, SPECIAL VALUE MOURNING MILLINERY A SPECIALITY.

A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICE 10s. Od. TAILS OF PURE HAIR, From ss. 6d. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and Fattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR. And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 63. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :- W. B. SWEETMAN. 5, RAN ELAGII-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

UMBRELLAS! USIBRELL.AS I THE LATRST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLENIEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVR3ED iN lista AN HOUR FROM 39. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

FOR BRILLIANT LIGHT, THE WELSBACH'S BURNERS, THE WELSBACH'S MANTLES. FIRE PROOF CHIMNEYS, MICA CHIMNEYS, COLOURED CHIMNEYS. INCANDESCENT GAS GLOBE*. FIRE-PROOF GAS GLOBES. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERENT COLOURS. GAS GLOBES OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS. GAS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATI:ERNS AND COLOURS. SILVER-PLATE GLASS FOR MIRRORS, &C. AT THE LOWEST nuns. AT A /ADAMS'S, 212, NORTH HILL-STREET. Or at 80, ST. JAMES-PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

LON GVW ORTH PAPER MERC a ANT. BUTTER PAPER, 13s 6d cwt FLOUR BAGS. 20s cw CHEESE ~ 11s „ 'PURPLE BAGS, 9s „ THIN WHITE PAPER, I , BLUE ort PINK ~ 128 6d CAP PAPER, 14 oy 20, nd ;16 by 24, lOid ; 19 by 29 13d per ream. SWEET BAGS, lox. 10d, 2 ozs. ls, 4 oz. Is 2d pr 1000. SOL ISIZE Id per 1030 less. ENVELOPES, is 6d wen. Nth B PAPER,3O per pound. CARRIAGE PAID. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS.STREBT, MANCHESTER.

For nearly 20 years DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS have been universally admitted to be A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known remedy for Anternia, Giddiness Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Ens• of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes, 90., Is. lid.. 2s. 9d and 4s. 6d. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. Do not be persuaded to accept a substitute. If not in stook ask them to obtain them, or to be had, direct from the Pro- prietor— Dn. DlY's, 309, Portobello-road, Notting Hill. London,

I)OUGHTON LOVYOK AND CO. 46. Pall Mall, London. Every degcription of Turf Business Transacted, Lowest Prices. No commission. Best of Terms on application.

GENUINE EAST INDIAN OIL OF MUSTARD SEED, A SAFE AND EFFECTUAL REMEDY IN CASES OF RHEUMATISM, GOUT, RHEUMATIC GOUT SCIATICA LUMBAGO. HEADACHE, PAIN -z IN THE STOMACH, SPASMS, BRUISES. CHILBLAINS, &c. PRICE is. PER BOTTLE; FREE BY POST is. 3D. j• H. AND S. JOHNSON, 6,8, AND 10, WIIITECHAPEL, 7, CHURCH STREET ; AND 2 AND 3, LEIGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. , Wholepale from Even, SON AND CO., and JOHN THOMP- SON, LIVERPOOL. , Telephone No. 700.

GU-NS! GUNS!! GUNS !!! The largest and best selection in the North of England; a perfect fit guaranteed. All kinds of Rifles, Revolvers, Air Guns. and Implements, at lowest prices. CARTRIDGES. Sporting Cartridges a speciality; nothing but the best meterials being used. °UNFIT ING. Customers can have their guns properly fitted at our new range, Stanley. Specially adapted for fitting, with moving targets, !cc. All repairs done on the premises. List on application. WILLIAMS AND POWELL, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

W. WOODS & SON (ALFRED WOODS), SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE. THE WHOLE STOCK OF WATCHES, JEWELLERY, PLATE, CUTLERY, CLOCKS, Ac., TO BE CLEARED Ai' A DISCOUNT OF 40 TO 50 PER CEN r. REDUCTION. INSPECTION INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88,- BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortmnt of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, U. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOXOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

LADIES' TAILOR FROM PARIS. PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. P. RAPETTI, I6A, RODNEY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. PRICE MODERATE. ON PA RLE FRANCAIS.

THIS DAY AND UNTIL 3RD FEBRUARY. STOCK STOCK TAKING SALE . TAKING CLEARANCE AT THE CLEARANCE • SALE. PIONEER. SALE. CARPETS THIS DAY COMPLETE MADE & LAI D AND UNTIL FURNISHING FREE. FEBRUARY 3RD. STORES. LINOLEUMS IMPORTANT 9 To 19, BOLD-STREET, LAID FREE. REDUCTIONS BLINDS LIVERPOOL, IN PRICES. MADE FREE. A BONAFIDE OPPORTUNITY OF SECURING HIGH-CLASS FURNISHING GOODS FAR BELOW REGULAR PRICES. ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN. SEND FOR CATA.T.OGUR

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELL E Rs, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELIRCTR,., PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate &c., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by pot, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, 11 ORSEM A_RK WARRINGTON, GREAT SALE. OVERCOATS AT HALF-PRICE. 4s. TO 10s. IN TBE POUND, OFF ALL WINTER STOCK. THIS IS NOT A SALE OF OLD STOCK ONLY, MOST OF THE GOODS HAVING BEEN MADE FOR THIS SEASON'S TRADE, THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 AND, 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO TOBACCO DEALERS. CINDERELLAS : SIX BOX /18 FOR 18s. 6d. AT W. SLIA W'S, (WHOLES/ILE DEALER). AGENT FOR WILLS, COPE'S, HIGNETT'S, GOODBODY'S, ETC: SOLE ADDRESS: T; 4' LOCKS, RUNCORN. COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

ELASTIC LEGGING. IF YOU WANT ELASTIC STOCKINGS WRITE AND SEND SIZE TO THOS. 111-,:WITSON & CO. J .4,47 A UNDERCLOTHING AND CORSET MAN UFACT U-RE as. G. 16 157 TO 163, LONDON-ROAD, 4 11, OLD POST OFFICE PLACE, llt-n. EACH, * CARRIAGE PAID. OFF CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

P FURNITURE. CASH OR CREDIT DELIVERED FRE/3110011 5 MILES. 41, MERSEY STREET. 39.) AND WARRINGTON.

• - - - , •<,..- - -,:, 46 • - -"."'" -.4 "1,4,;,,,=-4,t4,4,": '..1:- t'..4, tw ..r.....'M 4 4 r-.=-..,i'-:•,;'; d, - ': St:;.: -- • ~-4*..„ •,/,..p.1,,, ~ • ry„..z. - Lite,..,.44.141.•--,;:i.- ,_ .../.. 4. ' .....s n'A h 7 , • kr,l'Ar,rl ' '' ~ 44 } •! i F4' 41„7., ;,,t,%';,--,', . v:..-. .a 7,ft i......,„ .... . E. '1". 1e...!';.;`:5- : ~...i.„, ' r.•!,1 i` . ~ . ~','• . ,11,0, '''9•••• :, -, '''-..,,' '-. `-1,..- ' . 'z't:_., 'r. r*t '44t• ..*'..' l c ,Oklva, 07,.. '. , , VA411;...- ,• , ' 7.. ', .4 ''' .4 ..,,. )11-, A, ' - le4, .:",'t-•,.., -.o4.f.ttiromr ,•,tg. f",i' , etTizt..-11*Tz.:,!-- ~,,,, 1E,„.„,.. ~ :.,- , . ,0,-., -4 '''. , 4 ''" • ' ;„,,e,.. v..(ft,....., ...?..1:41:', ii-%4;'`. 1,.• ltr , - " '4; .' • , '44 %,-ta)Y,...',....4t:-.-n ,-'4.,;„, •:',,-p-t-,,f•: . - '...,..,. - -•:. Ly,40•4-1.• ~,,,,4 . p . .4 W , '',‘'' I ..t:pf 7.4,--igiv.,4- • 4.-7:v ~.;:kh.',. •-, 4,4:44 ' j'tl:, m.- .". o,', -7,,k ..,,,', -', "••• - .'Nit; ' ' •'' 4 ' ;..7, , ....N..&.,;,....,-n. '7'-' , 14,': • ~< ,z•,., .y.-. I.- .; ''''''!,.; AO '-4....f't 0e.4, s., . 27. ~ • ....) ' p New;. - . , 0 . , ~... . .' A. ~ ' , 4,,,„ ~. . ;.--;•, ••••, .. - .4-P. 'wk.-. ~.s•-• '-`:- d'2,, ....? ' 11P__ ip" ' - - ' '. _ .- ,f. .i: --'',.4' :,- s,. l• -.%-.•.':,'''' -:0'-'-‘--.F-'..h- , • • # REGI ST -,', . )--,t,:-.4:: ....*.X.,:' - e ''' ' ''''' t '''!''''' • - '- ' . ' ' . r' , ''', ."';' V.,'''''. '• , - .Ar 1. :,S4,`!"'i -7,,, ,1:4,..;',0,.• . ~r.„,..,,..,,;...:,.,..„,,,vt..* • -' -' ...' _ • ' .. ' 0 ' ~' ', ' , . • , - ' ' ' -'' • ' .:4V11:1,,N, *, Z' ,t,t,;,•!,,,_''14,i,y.044',UiZ.V11' .1.40."'"".4 - ' '.. r ' . Li litiE- ,.----,,,,t,q-,,,,Ti,tivi.,-, ..r., n-..-tssantto ma . ~ , . !--. .aluz..,-tyc„.l, , .",,r,,,,,,..„.,,„,,,, „..-0.„...,- ...„,„, ,r, ~„;_,,L.,-.,. N.,:...,.4.4.. - , Iron ...- ' GLOSSY STIFF .-Afk4keiHS t i-ctc- t, Cr- . the - • ' ' -' - I,*--.7-4.‘::: .*.lcf: ‘; 9 e e:p :!;.bnuitvAt. , . . . -.-. -..,,,,- -.,, ~-„,,i4,-..,t,Ay and-FLEXIBLE:. i A- i,..... BEST.,,S4AL; riz-SAPt.w4ii:,,,,l. y•v-.... ~, .... ~,- . A •-... .tne . ... , , ..,....„ s, ~ . ifigsp ' i-- - • ,--; , , 4.,05.„10.6.2 0 , ', '''''. '-' '-A --i: ' -- 6 ~•2 xs• i!" ...r. -...0.7.! .2 .. • ;6.4t ..`,.v. ZA, ' i'''' -t•nlr,r;'.. I- ris, . .„ ,4,--7---af-tbv-,elei:Jtar?4;ti..: ; -e.g.. 19-.A.4.m..., - - * cure,,, , ..... ~ ~ - -„; ._ .;- .. _ ,

ALBRIGHT'S ERv E • , lc SPEEDILY CURES Neuralgia, Toothache, Lumbago, Sciatica, Head- ache, and all severe Nerve Pains, Depression of Spirits, Nervousness, Sleeplessness, over-worked Brain, Debility and general lack of tone in the system. UPEQUALLED AS A tIERVE TONC. Sold in bottles, at 1/1i and 2/9. May be obtained throne/la all Chemists. or Post Free from the Proprietor, A. ALBRIGHT, Chemist, 41, Litherland Rcad, Bootle, Liverpool.

THE POLY PHON. THIS MARVELLOUS MUSICAL - INSTRUMENT will PLAY by -----A*,,,—____ ITSELF— Clockwork—thousands of Tunes. You can choose your own tunes. Prices from 12s. 6d. to £25 Also GRAMOPHONES and PHONOGRAPH!? —Talking _---iff machines from 425. , ARCHER & SONS, ,St GEORGK'S CRESCENT (top of Lord-street). LIVERPOOL

A. Afil lc' -ITS A.NII ARY 12TH, 1:300. All communications including Boleti. u. to problems and problems for Competition. must b., addreststi to the " Drauets Hditer." lisaminer " Offiqe, War- rington. and must r.aLsh the office no-, later than 016 first post on F etIDAY morning. The Draughts liiitor will be pleased to receive pro Yens from local players, and will, as tar as possible, answer In this column all ing.iiries.] -SOLUTION TO PROBLENI No. 66. SBLECTRD. Black men on 2, and 4; Kings on 10, 20, and 25. White m•-?n on 18, 26, and 27. Kings on 3, an 32. White to move rind win. 18-14 2 6 15-19 20-24 30-26 10-17 3 7 8-12 21-25 22 —3l . 26-22 1, 6 a 19-23 13-17 28-32 25-18 7-10 12-16 25-33 W wins. 27-24 9.43 23 17-22 20-27 10-15 16-9.0 32-28 32-21 4 27-32 24-27 VAR. 1. 4 8 9-13 12-16 13-17 21-17 17-22 22-18 13-23 6 9 8-12 16 —2O 17-22 7-10 10-15 15—L9 19-24 White wins. PROBLEM No. 67 SEVECTBD.

eit'AcD. r,s *I4V4 cD iird I V, /1 1",,, r, iIEYiJrI :7,lcrJ cD

• CADBIJ RY'S Cocos, on the testimony of t e Lance " represents the standard of highest purity." It is entire free from all foreign substsnces, such as kola, malt, hop Ac., nor is alkali used to davlten the colour (and so deceive the eye). Dr. Andrew Wilson, in a recent article in tha Illustrated London News writes " Cocoa is in itself r perfect food, and requires no addition 13, drugs whateve CADBURYS Cocos is absolutely pure, and should be taken by old and young, at all times and in all seasons ;for Children it han ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CADBURY'S. as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Sold only in Packets and Tins— A de' _

"VAT FOLK can become Slim. Rezietered Safe Cure for 1: is. id.—. J. BEST, Wootton, Oxford.

Dll YOUR OWN MASTRIL-30 ways of getting honest LP living, post free, 6 stampr—Towssox, 127, Moorbey. 014 ham.

lirmAs CARDS with name. address &e.. Is. 6d. per dozen; 11. samples 3 stamps.—PßlNTEa, 1, Albert-road, Park- stone, Dorset.

SEVERAL young Irish HORSES FOR SALE. For par. ticulars apply REGINALD RIGBY, Stanacres, Thornton Hough, Cheshire.

CRAZYWORK t A 21b. parcel lovely Crazy Silks, 2s. 4d; post free.—Swurio AND Co., Stanley House, Adding- ton-square, Camberwell. Loudon.

CIIIIAP Printing and Lithography.—Large cash buyers should send for estimate to VERO, Barnsle7. Nearly 40 maahinas and presses at work.

LADY'S 18ct Gold Keyless WATCH, superior finish; price £3 15s ; also silver Keyless Watch, 255. —WRIGHT 17, Queen's Park Terrace, Brighton. 2 A 19s. 6D.—LADY'S BICYCLB, as good as new, cost '± £l2 made to order. Only £4 19s. 6d. A Bargain.— BURTON, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool.

A BGENT'S COMPLEXION BALM and SOAP, tria 111. Bottle and Tablet 2s. 6d post free; unequalled.—Sl URGENT AND C0.,4 Duke-street Adeiphi, London. ]NETWORK, Carving, bent iron, repousse Leather work 1 and picture framing. Secd for catalogue, 1,000 illus ra- tions. free.—HATIGER BEM, Settle, Yorke.

227 1. DOZIIN Men's Semnless Cash ere half hose, black, tan or cardinal,lod. post paid ; three pairs for 2s.—Fuizix GLADSTONE, Shrewsbury.

pHOTOGRAPHS copied, Cabinets 5s 6d dozen, 6 for 3s ; C.D,V.'s 3s 6d dozen. Send photo and P.O. to HUG( LARGELAAN, Photographer, Guildford.

DATCHWORK FRINITS.—Larre parcel of Prints. Flannel- ettes, Fancy Stuffs, large pieces ; carriage paid is 3d.— COLLIER, 54, Davyhulnae-road, Urmston, Manchester. T will sacrifice new high grade £l6 16s SAFBTY. all accessmies including 15s lamp, £5 Sc ;approval allowed. --CYCLIST, 10, All Saints-r 3., Westbourn Park, London, A WIDOW OFFSRS COMFORTABLB LODGINGS to /1. one or two respectable men, No Children. Board and Lodging 12s. per week. JONES, 119, Dallam-lane. Warring- ton.

VLASTIC STOCKINGS AND BANDAGES.—Why pay ID three or four profits Only makers in Lancashire. Cheapest makers in the trade.—SMlTH &Sows, 37, Break- road, Liverpeol.

CI:TAMPION prize bred Yorkshire CANARIES for disposal; cocks Bs., 305., hens 55., 125., all carefully selected. If not satisfied, money returned.—COOPEß, 6, Clement-street, Girlington, Bradford. THROUGH MARRIAGE.—Visitors HOUSE for Sale J. cheap ; also good house and shoo to let; low rent ; best position in towi.—FLEMINGS. 22, Victeria-road, New Ihigh- ton, Liverpool.

VIOLIN old Strad model, 1753, cost £7 7s. in case with 10s. 6d., bow and ss. tutor, sacrifice .108., bargain, approval anywhere.—W. BENNETT. Ulleswater, Itossitor- road, Balham, Surrey.

A !KIND OFFER.—If this meets the eye of anyone 13.. Ruptured we shall be pleased to sand free a home cure for that dangerous malady. RHEUMATIC CUBE Co. 2, Frederick Crescent, Brixton, London, S.W.

GENIIINE 18ct Rolled Gold Gents' ALBRRTS, finest quality ; with makers guarantee for 15 years wear; single, 7s 9d; double 9s 6d; exceptional bargains.—J. BENNETT, 18, Moncrietst., Peckham, London.

CRRISTMAS Playing CARDS, clean used club packs, strong square or thin round corners, sample posted is ; bezique pair is 6d : metal imitation, guinea counters 2s 6d hundred.—FOSTEß, 80, Navigation-street, Birmingham.

SEND STAMP for our Illustrated Price List of RUBBER SURGICAL APPLIANCES, best and cheapest in the trade; goods not approved of will be exchanged.--31. FAR- LEIGH (Box 61), 160, Hackney-road, London, N.B. A GOOD HEALTHY COMPLEXION guaranteed or XV money refunded. Give Coleford's Pills a trial; quite harmless and gentle in action but magical in effect— Send is. P.O. to COLEFOR.D, 255, Xingsland-road, London. GREAT BARGAIN, plated tea and coffee, four pieces, tea pot, coffee pot. cream and sugar basin; wedding pre- sent, unsoiled, 18s. 64. ; also set of carvers. 3 pieces, plush case, 7s. 6d.—VICAR, 42, Olive-road, Great Yarmouth. DIME COD LIVER OIL direct from the Manufacturer ; 1 warranted pure; in bottles containing pint and a half, 2s, carriage paid ; special quotations for largA quantities.—R. COLERIDGE, Fish Docks. Grimsby, Established 1884.

EX 178. 6d.--OHIPPENDALE DRAWING-ROOM V SUITE, comprising settes, two arm-chairs and four small ; covered in silk tapestry ; equal to new. £5 17s. 6d. only; a bargain.—BUßTON, 97, Gmnay-street, Liverpool.

A BBAUTIFUL ORGAN with unbreakable notes; 78 11. worth of tunes given free 19s 6€l. 24 tune Musical Box, Walnut Case 40s; Satisfaction guaranteed or money re- turned.—C. KYNE, 86, Gray's Inn Buildings, Rosebery Avenue, London, B.C.

210 n RRWARD to any Person Producing a Cure for V Piles more successful during 10 years than Easelib, the Physicians Inward Remedy ; worth EL By Chemists Is ; post free is LI. SPEDDING, Bone-setter, Batley. CIGARS.-Why pay exhorbitant Prices to Shopkeepers, when we will send you direct single boxes at Wholesale Prices? Send 7s 6d and we will forward you hy return a Sample 50 of our famous DON GASTON BRAND. Postage 3d extra.- yANLIYITE AND Co., 27, Ring-street, Liverpool.

CIHILBLAINS Positively Cured in a Pevi 11.:;rurs. Intalh ible remedy, never known to fail. Marvellous and in- stantaneous relief to those afflicted with Chilblains, Rheumatism, Burns, Chapped Hands, etc.. is. 63., post free to any address, from THE CHILBLLINE Co., 4, Duke-street' Charing Cross, London.

TO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widries.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used b2,the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 squlTe yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.---Address J. HosiuNG, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

ICRIED-FIBH AND CHIP-POTATO SHOP FITTLNGS. 1: New Catalogue ready, 96 pages, 130 illustrations, the Largest and most Up-to Date Book in the Trade. At our Showrooms we have a greater variety of Ranges and Fittings for this particular trade than all the other makers in the United Kingdom put together. Send three stamps for New Book, post free. DIABBoTT, 51, Lever-street, Piccadilly, Manchester.

1 T WILL PAY YOU TO NOTICB THIS. I have a _L. Quantity of Good GOVIDLNAIRNT GOODS, rassed out of Service for other patterns. • s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 6ft. by 3ft. Light Waterproof Sheets. 61t. by 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large. Dark Grey Waterprcof Overcoats Government All-leather Headstalls, lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good All-wool Rugs. 41b weight, 71 t, by 6ft 2 6 Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths, 46in. by 421 n 3 0 White Rubber Sheets, Brass Byeletholes, 461 n. by tin 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite neu , Stout Leather, 251 t. long, metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen Bed Sheets, lift, by sft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Sureinszles with Rollers Tarpau'in Covers, made up to any size, is. per square yard, with lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from H. 3' GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. ---- -.— - -

_ inarbtHern, etc. LQ 10s. ONLY.—MODHL ENGIN% filectric Motor. 0 Upright copper boiler. Stelin gauße to 40Ibs. Cost R 32. A chance seldom met with.-13URTON, 97, Granby- street, Liverpool.

A. TENT OFF ICJ MANCHESTER, ESTI...ELM/IED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIRE & SON have ha ,4 mote than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possesapraeticalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and Iron manufaeteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, T. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

,Saleg bp laribate Zrtatp.

GOOD WILLOW CARBOY HAMPBRS ON SALB —G. WARBURTON AND SON. Heatlev, near Warrington.

UCZEMA, Sore Byes. Barbers Itch, Scurvy, Bad Legs,Piles Li Burns and all Skin Diseases cured by Berry's Diamond Ointment. Testimonials received daily, 7id and Is ljd per box, post free from Mrs. W. PLATT (sole proprietress), 27, West Hillary-street, Leeds. RA To fel': red fOorNi—h eA POlSON.—Amongst Is et ti othe o many , Mice, n preparationsoies nowete. Sanford's original" Pound Dead" specialities are admitted by users to be the beet, and far ahead of all competitors.—ln boxes, is. 2d. 25.. and 35., post free, SANDFORD & Sox, Sandy. Sold by Chemists.

flplrog4, loariung &Stabs _ ONDON.—Taverners Temperance Hotel, 41, 43, and 45. 1i Judd-street, Ruston-road. Comfortable. inexpen,ive home, close to Huston, St. Pancras, and Great Northern Stations. Be! and breakfast from 3.; tariff on application

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71. ELSTON SQUABS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co ,Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort; tine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 75 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOODOCK, Proprietor.

CARRIAGE LAMP MAKER. EDWARD 13INNION, 41 AUDLEY STREET, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

gotorkgf, 33u01ne55.40. rtr.

rl_OOD Old-established GROCORY, Sweet, Milk, and l_K Tobacco BUSINHSS to be disposed of.-364, MILL-ST., Bradford, Manchester.

GIIOOIIIIT. IpPROVISIONS.—Corner Shop. Stock and Fixtures £35. Good reasons for leaving.—G. Bawl- LEY, 10, Oleminson-street, Salford Manchester.

TO BB SOLD as a going concern Sugar Boiling and Cau- -1 fectionery BUSINESS, large stock and boiling plant; sure fortune ; retiring.—Apply 78, BUTLER-STREET, Oldham - road, Manchester.

CHIP RESTAURANT for SALE good inside trade, 5 tables old established, sound busi less, good opening for beds (5 bedrooms). good reasons for saIe.—ROTHERY (late Crank), 27. Winwiek,treet, Warrington.

HAYNES & CO. (established 1891), GENERAL BUSINESS AGENTS. 61, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Genuine BUSINESSES, large and small, of all descriptions WANTED and for SALE, to suit all classes. Most reliable medium. No charge whatever to buyers.

EnOtrummtg. CA.PITAL COTTAGE PIANOFORTE, beautifully figured walnut case; carved truss supports, Only £l3 10s. Cost £45; a bargain.—BtraTow, 97, Granby-street, Liverpool.

WILLIAM LEA'S PIANOS. -- How to Buy a PIANOFORTE, ORGAN, or HARMONIUM At the Lowest Possible Price, and a Choice of Four Different Ways of Paying for an Instrument. 32.500 PIANOS, ORGANS, 1 HARMONIUMS Sold by William Lea since 1871. Catalogues of new Up-to-Date Models post free. 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PIAN° in choice walnut case, grand and full tone, mar - queterie panel front. by London maker. Net £l5, or easy payment system £l6. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STRBBT. Bord, panel front. check action, walnut ease, brilliant tone. Net price £l6, or upon the easy payment system EU. As supplied to the Liverpool School Board. WILLIAM LNA, 60 AND 62, CHURCH-STEBBT. PIANO by Broadwood and Bons. rosewood case' patent check action, marqueterie panel. Net price £36, or upon the easy payment system £.37 10s. WILLIAM LBA, 60 AND 52, CHURCH-STRBET. DIAN° by John Brinsmead and Sons. in ebonised case, trichord,rcheek action, handcome panel front. Net cash £3B, or upon the easy payment system En 18s. WILLIAM LBA, 50 AND 52. CHURCH-STREET.

PIANO by Coll&rd and Collard, in black and gold ease,lron frame, pin-plate, triebord, and all improvements; £35, or upon the easy payment system £37. "I am very pleased; will recommend you to all our friends."—T.S., Truro. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET.

DIAN() by Neumeyer in rich walnut ease, full triehord, check action, iron frame, and all improvements. Net £3l 13s, or upon the easy payment system £33. "During the live years. instrument has given perfect satisfactit.r.t."--B.E. L., Harlestown. WILLIAM LIIA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STRIIRTs

COTTAGE ORGAN. full compass of 5 Gotaves, large she, in handsome Gothic case, with knee pedal, Ac. Net £4 10s., or upon the easy payment system £5. "Thoroughly satisfied Ifrith both tone and appearance." —I. W., Chester. WILLTA.II4 LEA, 50 AND 22, CHURCH-STREET.

COTTAGE ORGAN, In handsome othio case, with seven stops, knee pedal, very superior finish : net cash £7 15s, or upon the easy payment system £8 ss. "The choir, con- gregation, and myself are delighted with the organ."—EL 0., Nc„rport, • WILLIAM LTIA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STMT. CHURCH HARMONIUM, oak, with 14 stops, 8 sets of reeds, ty'st French mike ; net cash £l4, easy payments £l4 14s. As supplied by William Lea to the Liverpool Board schools. WILLIAM LEA 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STREET,

DItAWING-ROOM ORGAN, 13- stops, 2 knee pedals, 9 octaves of reeds, charming pipe-like tone. Net cash £l2 12s. or upon easy payment system £l3 13s. WILLIAM LEA, 50 An 52, OHURCH-STREET. CIIURCH ORGAN, £45. Two-llanual Pedal Organ: list price 135 guineas. A magnificent instrument, with 18 stops, 11 sets of reeds. Net cash £45, or upon the easy payment system £4B. WILLIAM LEA, 50 AND 52, CHURCH-STRRET, LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES.

JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

urat to n. THE POPLARS, MANCHESTER-ROAD. SOUTHPORT. 1 —High Class Day an 4 Boarding School for girls. Terms moderate.

EDIJOATION.-WANTIW. daily Tuition for three boys ; ages from ten to fifteen; two miles south of Warrington. state qualifications and terms.—Box 248, " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

ARNOLD HOUSE CHOOL. Poulton-le-Fylde (near Black- pool). Boys receive a good education; comfortable home country air, modarate fees. —Principal R. TowNsEND. (Royal University of Ireland).

rrHE MISSES RIMMER, Sen. Hon. Cert., R.A.M,. 23, Wilson Patten-street, Warrincton.— SCHOOL DUTIES will bd resumed. DV., JANUARY 23rd. 1900. Fees etc., on application. MR. W. H. PAYTON MUS. BAC. VICT., (Organist. snd Choirmaster of Wycliffe Church), YIECEIVES PUPILS in ORGAN, PIANOFORTE, HARMONY. COUNTERPOIRT. and THEORY of MUSIC, etc., at own or pupil's residence Pupils prepare-I for any examinations except London College of Music. Terms moderate.—Apply 53. LEGII-STREET, Warrington.

WARRIN GT ON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN (7,T TUESDAY, JANUARY 23RD, 1930. The Head Master will be at hlme to interview Parents on aturday January 20th, and Monday, January 22nd. New Chemical Laboratory. Prospectus, &c., on Application

ABERYSTVVYTH. VICTORIA HOUSE MTGE! SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (90ARDERS). PRINCIPAL MISS KAI:I3 B LLOYD, Assisted by a Staff of highly qualified English and Foreign Mistresses and Visiting Masters 00D-CLASS SCHOOL. Thorough Modern Education. kT Finest Position facing sea. Perfect sanitation, lofty Rooms, Electric Light. Unsttrpassei Health Record. Ex- cellent results at Public Examinations. Home Comforts. Local References on application. A few VACANCIES for BOARDERS, for which Early Application should be wade to Principal.

WEM GRAMMAR SCROOL, eiiROPSHIRE. HEALTHY BOARDING, SCHOOL IN THE COUNTRY. Present number of boirders between 30 and 40. New Build- ings (Chemical Lab. etc.) have just been added. Scicnce Classes in connection with South Kensington. Some re-,.ent successes Ist Div. Clerk ; sth place Aut of 99 Excise; 13th place out of 1.101 Excise ; 23rd place Boy Copyists, Oxford Locals. County Council Scholarships, etc. UNIVERSITY AND COMMERCIAL EDUCATION. SPECIAL FORMS FOR CIVIL SERVICE CANDIDATES. NEXT TERM, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23RD, 1900. Resident University Masters. Full particulars from Head Master. JOSEPH OHM, M.A., (Cantab), Open Queen's Medallist.

gl 509000 tot tf:oma 31 per centi.tobe Deeds n Bumsaineedon ottetio, er cDoegtsr vt. f e W. READER, to suit b ,rrowers,in any part Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182. X-865500 TO ADVANCE ON MOItiGAG;L'S, REVERSIONS, LEGACIES &c. n- terest from 3- per cent. CHIEF RE iTS FOR SALE.—J. BROWN, SOs. Lord•street, Liverpool. Est. 1872. Tel. No. 7436 WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and hi! respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. ZONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written i.eomisa to pay back. Apply VICTORr4 CHAMBERS (foot of tide Central Sta'Lios), WARRING-TON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District general' receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £3O and upwards.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWAttDS. ON BORROWEIV.I OWN PROMISSORY NOTE. The undersigned has been established for nearly 30 years, and has always conducted BUSINESS ander HIS OWN NAME. He has always endeavonred to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS of APPRECIATION and THANKS from those who have dealt with him. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF -SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO ENQUIRIES. PROSPECTUSES. terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, ?lam OF CHARGE, on aPPliea tion either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PA YNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16. SCHOOL LANE. LIVERPOOL, Head Office, tO, Kennedy St., Manchester.

EADE'S PILLS. EADB'S "NUS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S piLLs. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have FADE'S piLLs. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE s pu.Ls. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vex v EADE'S PILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. (OUT " 18,Burton-crescent Dewsbnr y road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. I e HEUMATISM "D.ar Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHBUMATIS 51 Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R H BUM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATIS M ray being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have beers all right again RHEUMATIS:II directly. I WOULD NOT Bls WITHOUT GO UT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R..u. T 1 sm wyimaruesequyiotue ;pie elibo rttyh st o amnadk GOUT shall be pleased rt. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write R.BumAT M rso (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Arc sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. 10. and 2s. 9d or sent post freo for Postal Orier by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, GoswELL-Roin, B.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain gADIVS GOUT AND sifIEU ATIC PILLS. EADE S PILLS

fA UOMPETITION KEY," PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY, PRICE ONE PENNY. ONTFR £l5O IN PRIZ ES. CONTAINS: SOLUTIONS to all Puzzle Competitions appearing in the principal weekly periodicals, Great Football Competition, Unique Colossll erize Scheme, Graph- o!ogy Column by Zola." TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION :—Slngle Copies, Post Free,2d.; One Month, 6d. ; three months (12 numbers), is. 'THE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR." A copy of the' Daily Mail" Fine Art Souvenir Edition of Mr. Kipling's National Poem will ba presented to every six-months' subscriber. PUBLISHERS: CAMPBELL AND SON, STANLEY CHAMBERS. LEICESTER.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just Past Station, through Railway Arch). THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE is too well and favourably known to need comment as everyone is aware that the object of the Salo is NOT profit but CLEAR- ANCE irrespective of whether the goods fetch what they ought to or not,PRICES all round have been MERCILESSLY CUT DOWN in many cases to BELOW COST as immediate disposal must tee() place to facilitate stocktaking. This is a rate oppor, unity to make every £ go as far as two usually do DITTS'S.-CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 15f, 24, 28i, 381, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas, are in point of Excellence, Durability and VALUE, the VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEAR SAVING OF 50 PER CENT ,as compared with others. Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISPING GUIDE, on application. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments arranged suiting convenience. DITTS'S FIFTEEN-AND-A-HALF GUINEA I_ BARGAIN LIVING ROOM has strong Sofa or Couch in American Leather, Set of nice Chairs, serviceable Dresser, Pair of Reeking and Arm Chairs substantial Square or Fall- leaf 'fable, Fender, Fireirons, Floorcloth and Rug, Wringing Machine, Dolly land Tub, three Pans and Kettle. BED- ROOM includes Pair of nicely polished or enamelled Toiletss both fully enclosed with Drawers, large Swing Glas, attached, the back, &c. ; two Cane-seated Chairs, towel ra II Toilet-set, full-sized bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and two Pillows, Carpet or Floorcloth, STAIRS AND LANDING fitted with Carpet, Floorcloth Stair Hooks and Eyes, Brass Door Plate, Cocoa and Door Mats. Compare this with what expensive City firms charge £35 for. PITT'S ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SEVEN- ROOMED HOUSE, originally cost £lBO, for 75 guineas. The Dining-room is in leather, the Drawing-room is in Rosewood, a spare room upstairs, fitted as a smoaeroom is in Saddlebags. Furniture complete for kitchen, Hall, Stairs, Landing,Cellars. &c. The first Bedroom is in American Walnut, including Wardrobe, Dressing Table, Washstand, Chairs, &c., Bedsteads, Bedding, Carpet, Rug, and Toilet Service The Second Bedroom is in Ash, and the Third Bedroom is in Mahogany. Undoubtedly a great bargain. Inspection will verify, DITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.—DINING-ROOM ,SUITE, handsomest in Manchester. upholstered throughout with curled hair, guaranteed ; small Chairs, padded backs, magnificent Sideboard, fitted with bevelled mirrors throughout, brackets, shelves, cupboards, cellar- ettes, &c. ; extending Dining Table, with patent screw ; Overmantel. Carpet. Brass Fender and Brasses ; originally cost £l3O : Pitts's price, 62 guineas, ELVGANT DRAWING ROOM SUITE. Chippendale style, soli I rosewood, beauti- fully inlaid with marqueterie work, upholstered throughout with curled hair (gu Iranteed), and covered in rich Genoa velvet ; magnificent Cabinet and Overmantel, Occasional, Wine, and Card Tables, all inlaid to match ; rich pile Carpet, costly Rug, Brass Fender and Brasses,Clock and Ornament': cost £175; Pitts's price, 66 guineas. RECHERCHE BED- ROOM SUITE, solid throughout, consists of very large Wardrobe, with bevelled mirror doors, drawers, cupboards, &c. ; pair of large Toilet Tables, fitted with ever convenience; pedestal Towel Rails and Chairs complete ; a superb suite ; originally cost £B5; Pitts'a price, So guineas. MASSIVE SOLID BRASS PARISIAN BEDSTEAD, grand design, well executed, an ornament to any mansion ; originally cost £25 ; Pitts's price, 16 gaineas. Any article sold separately. -DITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, BED- STEADS, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware. atig- nificent selection. Guaranteed great saving. InspecLion PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRART FURNITURE. —Every description of Bookcases. Secretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes. Copying Presses at about Half City Prices.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. riILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die covered, HLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for N-1 Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CiiiLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests k.. 1 those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, group Ague. CLILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea kJ and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CLILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLORODYNE. is the only palliative in Neural- ‘,/ gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. PoULTON AND CO., Horneastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Chauctlior Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Or. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, anioubtedly, the inventor of " OH LORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See lines, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 11(,, 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOHODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medici testimony accompanies each bottle.

TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Spasmel TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 24 doses for 2s. ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER,

- p BOROUGH OF' WARRIEGTON ; * t Sale of Old and Scrap IRON and BUILDING MATERIALS Irx., at the Corporation Highway Yard, Napier-street, Howley. Warrington. MR. H. SUP lON has been favoured with in- structions from the Paving and Sewerage Committee of the Corporation of Warrington to SELL a quantity of WROUGHT and SCRAP IRON, various lots of Timber, old Carts, Pipes, and sundry other Buildiy-g Materials, on Wed- nesday, January 17th, at Two o'clock P.m. prompt. Cash on fall of the hammer. •

• - ROBERT LOIVE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCT lONE BR. AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms •. No. 1, BANK-STREET. Vc ARRINGTON, Telephone No. 65. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Bm., warehoused.

INVESTMENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & SON, STOOK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET; LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

YOUR OLD SPOONS, FORKS, CRUETS, TEA AND COFFEE SETS Re-plated with pure Silver, and a written Uuarantee to Wear for TEN YEARS in first-class quality. T . 0. AND F. BROWN, ELECTRO. SILVER. NICKEL, lAND GOLD PLATERS 12, MOUNF-PLEIRANP, LIVERP )OL. JE WELS, RO °CHM , LOCKETS, &c„ RE-GILT. from 6d. DR. SCOTT'S THE SAFEST MEDICINE. MILD, BUT EFFECTUAL. CONTAIN THE FINEST DRUGS. THAT CAN BE PROCURED. DR scorrs pus. CURE HE4MACHE AND SICKNESS, CURB INDIGESTION AND WIND. CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. sconts pILLs. ARE A TONIC PURIFIER. STRENGTHEN THE WEOLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S piLLs. Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, tW. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insiot upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stamps.

FREE WHEELS FREE WHEELS BOWN'S AND BEAUMONT'S FREE WHEELS can be fitted to any MACHINE, nPw or old, within t nty four hours. No Machine can be claimed to be absolutely up to date unless fitted with these delightfully easy running contrivances. The saving in the labour of cycling will com- pensate ten times over for the trifling cost of lilving th wheel fitted. Manuf4cturers— WILLIAM BOWN, LTD., 55. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No, 7056. Makers of the Famous " ILUS " CYMES and I? it'ings. Patentees and Inventors of the Ball Bearing as applied to all Cycles throughout the World.

PRESERVE YOUR BYR-SIGHT. SPBCPACLES AND EYE-GLASSES CORRECTLY ADAPTED TO EVERY DENIM OF VISION. F. NEUBERT, F.S.M.C., CONSULTING OPTICIAN. SPECTACLES, 2s. 6D. PER PAIR. EYESIGHT TESTING Rooms, 72, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, AND 2, SCARISBRICK AVENUE, SOUTHPORT.

Sold under a Positive Guarantee to cure Rheumatism,Nervous tiiseases, Sciatica, Sleeplessness, Asthma, Back- • ache,Weakness, Bronchitis, Stomach & : Heart Troubles, and other diseases. battir Thousands Cured. This Powerful pa American Tonic will cure you; If not e money refunded. Circulars & Testi- r.. monials free. 300 doses, 1./6. (J. KING, • :Wlp Sales Agent for Great Britain). SWAN- SON RHEUMATIC CURE CO., 2, Fred- '. itIAR4 crick Crescent, Brixton, S.W.

MANLY MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by N ervousn es Premature Bxhau tion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send fo my book, which shows h•sw every man, young an d oli. can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH lIRDICINI3 or ELBOTRIOI Specimens of letters received. and guar inteed genuine " I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would gee cured. I wish I had seen your alvertisement at first. I should have saved many pounds —S.M." " I have carried out your instructions, and am now per fectiy well.-3.F:' Book sent sealed, post free. for two stamps. J. La cost, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Send at orna and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Swots

LOCAL BANKS AND THEIR DIVIDENDS. The directors of the Manchester aril Liverpool Dis- trict Banking Cmspany report that the gross profit for the half year ending the 30th Delember last, after pro- viding for all bad dents, is £200,893 its 31., to which has to be adied the amount brought forward frana the 30th June last, £24,020 144 11, making a total of £224,914 5s 3i. The net profit is £144,903 94 61. The directors re- commend a dividend of 15i a share and a bonus of 59 a share, both free from income taT. It is propoied ta carry to the reserve fund £20,000, and to not acc.vunt £24,903 Os fid. The directors whose term of office expires on the 17th inst. are Mews William Jones, John Frederick Knott, George Lewis, and John Parks. They are eligible and are recommended for re-election. The directors of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank, Limited, report that, as will be seen from the minted accounts, the net profits for the year ended 30th Decem- ber, 1899, after payment of all expenses and making provision for all had and doubtful debts and for income tax,amount to £90,036 1s 91. which,with £6,165 134 4d, brought forward from the previous year, makes a total of £96,251 15s id. The board are of opinion that an increase may now be mode in the dividend, and they, therefore,recommend in addition to the interim dividend of 12s per share paid in Jaly, a further dividend of 15s rer share for the half year ending the 30th December, 1399 (making a tot 41 distribution of 13i per cent. for the year, clear of income tax), adding £5.000 to reserve fund (raising it to £390,000), and carrying forward £10,251 15i id. The atnaleamation of the Adelphi Bank, Limited, annouoced to the shareholders by circular on the 13th January, 1899, has been completed, and in- creasec the paid-up capital of the bank to £600,000.

- v IF z to ei —2O ~, ; *'-''. lif ,IN er# n co. i ' ' . n , „ „„,& ~ 0, 0 ~.. _.l. ....:, ..1.,_ A.G.L., .z..i, I; rt 7 -rro sp 9 f-ri 1 cont ....-.1 4. "Ay el 1 inuLz, treadmet 7 was 1 " . ,li .3 - i in better health than I had been in two years. 9 9 .

a A a ;* ' - -I.—;:**ol.--'s=t-1."-.;-. .741 741 ts? T. -4: s 0,). it Al;r

HAS STOOD THE TEST of MANY YEARS. Modern Scientific methods have not discovered any remedy so generally efficacious. The New Treatment of Consumption by Open-Air, Rest, and Overfeeding, whilst useful in many cases, does not alone meet the condition of the majority of patients. Medicine is Required to check the spread of tubercular bacilli, to relieve distressing symptoms, and to aid the healing processes in the lungs. CONGREIitE'S LALSAIVIIC ri'LlXllll has been abundantly proved to produce these effects when regularly and perseveringly taken. FOE ASTHMA, in several varieties: BRONCHITIS, especially in the chronic form: COUGHS, and common COLDS, USE CONGREVE'S Sold by all Chemistsct Patent Medicine Vendors. NOTE. The numerous components of this medicine have sever been discovered by chemical analysis. Do not be misled by certain false analyses of the Elixir that have been published by critics. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post free for On:: Shilling. Smaller Edition, ed., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London. &E. e

YOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OR WEEK-DA.Y DESPATCHES. Snowing the time to vrilizla a Letter can be poi. ea with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5-0 a.m.—Newtoa-le-Willowa b-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a rn.—Widnes, Appleton. Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Freston Brook. Frodsham, Mashy. Daresbury,and Moore a.m.—Ly non, Thelwall, Zeechurch —Bew"Ys arappenhall, Heatley Heath, roft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, btretton, Warburton, and Wools- to 6-1 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 am.— Mannhester. Bolton, Oldham, klacciestield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. I,4llCathire. 9,30 a.in.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, girkenhea.d. Southport, and the Isle Ma a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North !Rates nd reland. a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan. cotland, Liverpool, Presect, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and York,hire 11-3 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham Nor,humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Eaitern. Midland and Southern t Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsh North Wales, London and South -40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol Exeter Gloucester, Plysnouth, Yorkshire, Manchester East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cunaberland, Wlgau Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool, Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich, Nantwich and Sandbach 2-45 p.m. —Frocisham, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby,Widnes, Penketh. Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgat, and sieweey 3-15 p.m.—Ly.nm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterboronzh, Bast Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.E. Lancashire, and West Cumber land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and tne U.S.Americe 6-15 papa.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Curnberland.Lirerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle et Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign a.etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m.' and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EAELESTOWN AND NEWTON, HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jaates Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 19 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m The Tele"Taph Oriice is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p n ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m.. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with ordin ary Postage, and with an,extra halfpenny stamp Ordinary MAILS. I Extra Postage. I Stamp

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL 1301 ES ARE CLEARED IS FOLLOWS:-

CONFEOTIONE.I.7 and TOFFEE TOFFEE I I TOFFEE .7 Do you sell Confectionery? If so, write by return of post for a 'amply and price of IVACIUNTOSII'S fr.:XTIIA CREAM TOFFEE The ILlug of all Toflooss, svat small eb,,geepers are sAling this most acllclons totree at lightning speesi. Aeknovitle,god by all whp ltr;:e tasted its delicious flavour to te a real treat, Con l.eetioutiry ot all descriptions at lowest prier for rash fis,s, Apply J. MACKINTOSH, Limited, The Toffee Mine, HALIFAX.

T .11W1 T",i.P.EritlYßOit.tilaii.t? yc: .... - AL,' ir!iii u. . .;ic -,,... ' roil', ..FENVA L'-'..`.; , ..,... , , I,____ =CELT CORRECT ALL IRREGITLARITIBS, REXOVE ALL OBSTUIICTIONS' and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes,l/li ct 2i9 (conta.i as three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 orB4 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE& Co., Mama! acturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. Rem, of Imi,ntionx. imurinus an 4 sc., tht,ss.

SY MI N GTON s EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouble, no waste. In small and large bottles, from all Grocers. QUARANTEED PURE.

- - _ --- --- -_-77----7----_-,..-7 ---. --'''=':Flek . ~ . . ,,,,, ::. ~ . • • - ~• , . •.,. . .1. F--7•7 ,i• -7-.--,-,:,..,- - * .:;_,A7. •••';,. ;err:- ',' %,k*:.' 1 `... 1`...% ,:y , A .r.,iir . - -,f *.• .• A; • - _ 7,,1'e4 v7•' . . : .• : : . : ii ~%ii4td-ir —{,,-.--,1-, 4,, ,-:?...,..,, i, ..f, 1, c' 4,.....:.% ,0,,,, ' :,.,,o,' --.,-. ,• ..: .• - . ' 4,-.,,. . ;4 ~ ..;. • ~i,,,',' „ ;7- •., •,• ~..,, •, , ;.," (.7,i'1,1,—, 4:.•E 'IA 's 1ir,..) .- - iii -.•-,,r,A ---, it' i - ,:- p.-..,. - lilvd, ~,,f. ,N,.....••••,-,- ;i• 4.1.1.0,, b-y::- - -- , 1 , „.. ~,,,,, ~, , _„, •4. , 61;•" •w, "44,, , '4 • '''',' ',-,:kk.•;',‘ :, ../'.. ; %." " ;," , ,44, ' '•.. t 4., - '-` 4 ' •ijailiO' ,„,,,:. ,#: . ii.,.. . ..:* • - 7'.'!:e.i., 451.. : • , ; ~,... , ••,,,-y• -x, ~..- 04.1....' ~ ~.4.,4 ;; .....4 ..,. , ,:. ~.,,..... ...‘,,.. ~..4„,.,.......„,,,,,„..,,, .. ~ , ~,, ~,_, -44:::. 4. kt-,,,,riv- --4; :::,:;:: ...„, • • •..,:i.*:...4,.,3-t-;;W...„,,, ..;,3''.. s.- 7. ... • :. I . ,•:',,-..-i-1. •. L ~• ‘.. sf:-..Y.'4.,. ..,.,„;:.;i",:;,..''..."-- tELO. —.. • —`,.:,..‘ - i- r . .... .... • ...1,,,,,, 4,,,,, ''''‘'.*,..,"'-.‘, INF. OIA r." l -....-4.4-:_-•k7-7- Ail#••;•.,,, ,N, -t••\•? An vp " ,-,-r..,,..„,r• 4 ;•., 4'4 . ih; i'il'.;'":..-:1:', A.2,.,::4VN ••• ;;•••'. (..':'(,',:. .444', ' 4.,,-f?.,';': :,-;,;;;Trt , ,'.G,l_.. ';i1:14.,".1•:i'; rPi'i' '';'-- .; .*tk''q''s ' ' 41:111;"- 'l;ll'.' /10- ffE:...-z,;: ..,..,...,:•'-'4,---,:::::, •!-'-''.l,, ~.. 21 i.:::-Ei. -.1.••.,,,..----- - . • '•...i4r4';i..::,,1 II Itlit•''':.=.*''''' :AC' i''...:ZSldirf-; .'... A s' 9 .•;,..A..277-_--:-.---'-' ',"'-'-' ~ ;., \,'• ''"::.; ; .4'4):;!. .. :!1, ‘,'. 11"C.A.VIR'' tk:V It ,•'',',2.- -.,•-• --; ~ - . „:,,.,--_- ,-,-..-'-- .. ' ',,,c,:rev,k-;--.f.,. % • -4::::„. 11..; •:0 -i.,-..:.v, :....t, ‘,•,,:0 .;,,,, • -4,---:-.,-,,- .., - _4ooolmm, .. ~,, ~--.,.,,..,, -.,, . ••:. ~„,.„..i ,sks , ~,;...,,,,..71.:„.., ~,,,,, 4415,,A..., f.; 1,, . ~.. • , ~ ',„..7...,,... ....--.--- --- ~,,. ,4,.„,‘.1 ~. -.N. ..,:: , -•*'•',„.....:., ,N. ~. • ••:•:, ti:-..",..kke • ..: 1• ; 1 ilitalii '.:4_'144',;::`.." ... jx.,s,f- ;„- -_—__--__—_—_—‘,..-- Nk.,,,- ~,,,•,, ~. ~ );,...,..: ,?.;,,,?,,,,I, 0 ..,..,,,„,: _4. , .`.1::,:.i..., --•::::-. a-- ~.,_, -• .4 t,,, , ... ,i,:i.1,..,'',..,..,'; ‘ ~, , ~,,, 2...,...itP`iii.:::, 11 ....-..i .- 1'41,!7!N it,:tti '%14?, : , .sfs'..V -:: ~ 't..,:',.'• '' '4,.:4 ''(.:" ' '4. H.; ~?.4 4, - , ~ , ...itx ..,- . oks: •ftfizvc 0 .407,, i?., 9.., ... ,-,-,t, ,/,..., s- ~ - -: - : 14 .:- ~.,.7,-;h. :*. ~ ,' ^ ••• A.,:va.- :, ~ E .-/, ..*, e,- - - ::::-..,..7.1-. -,,...,...,:.;.\ ~ , ~...,,.:.,- .., , ~. .1 ~. ~,, ~ i : . ,11!!.*1k%.4 .•_:,,. i 4:, • :'',1,,,•.;'..,.:•• ,z. ~". , ' . ~_... ~,:r_ •••>,... - - ,1,,,k;\ , .:•::••••••,4i,:,'. '',, . ,•.‘,„.• ;4, -.,, i . \ .i*,r,ltsly: (..'*7 7.:.17,,,',, - '_.--, . ‘.. -,..:':'.:-•;•4,- :,-, '.-' .•...,,,,_:, . ,;....y, .r0':•,,,!.;.4ev::)1.4. . ~,,-...14 -A i ' ~. 'im,A • A', I,;k:',,t::. .q„,„:.t.3,,,,,`, W., s', .4. -,.,:%:-.-- 4, ~, ,0,X,:::411e,_ , ',....., ~..;;;i::: , , . -.f.:,-: . - •,•!g,.,:v•,....- 1 N's 47;74,14i1•:'"C'. • .., `l, ,-: F:;:r --- -, , ..::-:44,A.', '::-V;;;:. ; /1,,,,,;;;;,.",,t4 -1,7.441 Y %,'l' 1 ,•,<. '',,,-,,i,..t: 3.,.*4141.; • ~,.,..--. , .se----..' ,; - .- ' - --- --=//' , .: -. -.',. 4, :4,2,,,,5,„ -,,,,6P,,,,c,-,:g m '' ...;t,• ~,,`. --- ,A,,,-.. 4,. - ---I',,- 00 .. ... ' ---------=--,---' " 0 ~; ',-. . ~ ..., ~,,,a,,:,:5e,.,,:i :,,,,... ~ 'rn,,„, , Apia.. •,-.1k,, ~,,,...„.4...„,,,.,,..-7., ~ „....,,,.., ~• !, 16,,, ;; ! --.7, • ' •'''';'‘.••• , - , .4, ry., • ;; / • ' ".". :••:•.- .., ~/.til"'.4; '''''''' 1 Wrj 'sl' ' % 14, '4•'. ;40',---;;: !•" , .44-4,' ),:' " "::::,.:;:•,:....;:,'" ' lfrr-r, ' 4 1 • ' ' - 'k, • • - 1. ^ ';' o.' i r t ;;A;Crr'4' ••• '- . ..),!, , 4a. ,1! At \:..,,- \\'• ' !:.,.---• .-..:', i 4 . ;:•.w.i.-.1• 4.4 v,5,r,,,...4,,,,,,••, !i, il 0,, .7,4r.t;-,:,,•& -•••,‘ IV 0 IS :- ' • , . , .--.; , '''.f 4:4•.:::1., ~, _r__ .. 0,4:,.----. . • / dm, ; //0. ~...._.,:,,,,---- -, !.A.,',., ,_,,.,\. : N 4101 , 4 • :.' ',44:-4:1; •`8 1 : 1:34, -. . - I.__r :,•: ......,;.:.:;•.:)..) :N, \ p._cif ,i5.,.:.::,:::„,,,.„„4. , ~., 3 .. . I /0,/,:;-t ,1 4 •:,. :, 4.11pr1,,,-,‘444*' liff / Ali Ili • . , -•;,.• 10 t 1 sill! / • ' ...- -,....:tkilre• . ...filY , . :!,:•:"74,/,a): - !I i 4/40 ,' ,Z, ~•,:// --7_77'-'7,--:. _ ‘,..' '• ! • • *. t 1.1 01,,Aq,-,.1 '11! fi' / ,1-7,;.,,5, •*,-.;-*_,4_-:•=1 ';-, • , ~. ' ~.,‘. „num nu otii IN 111 1::,:l.,!,:, 1., .. -(;:gra.i:: • ::-.....;..• :' ...,,,.,7,...!•,.......,,, 41„, .......' .-. . • •-••••••2 It AlgAik ..4fit..---- r -77 7 40, .., ... '., ~.':. t44A •.:'i4**iiiiiiii•'*.v"v,"!•*.., 1, ' .........;.:::::::::::••••:':':•••:',:::::::•.: ! , ~,,\,,'11 tky-jit,.. - - -,-------------= ~,,,it • -i2,- ...-; -•,:'...,-... ::,:, •-r .\ C. .1 ails, „ D A.. • ..I.L • ,x,,\V,:..0...: 111 4 :: -......' ..,.•:..; I:: :. :.::..'I ' ''''!'.s:•:.;'..s::, k, . • ,•.••::: 11114.. :;-;::-.1.-:- .:f,-'-7---.....- .\ ‘\ \\_ . , ,f,..5, ::::..•-..,1.:',.,,',..,.i:::::.'..... :.:- ...','.. ..:•...-1....-.::....,.- ...-:,. . . . . . .... .. ............ ..............,..:.:.. -.. . :I\ •• ../y/ il .I, , ~..4.,::::::. .\., . • .; .. .. . , vx. .... -,. • 11T..., C.... P.: ..... .'17f::•0...--L---°' ' .. .. . . . ... . .. .. - - ... . . .t MUSTARD, make sure the name of ' , Ii yo vv.

-. ii rzl ~ . . get, -. ~.. '. . • -: 1. , '' );:,:, c+.l2‘ Y. t 1 . 4\ "., ..,...„/ ~,4 "I -.' , -1. t., t , ~ , 1. . L . , -7 Li ki. ~A,22 L. ', - -,.., - , .., • 1 .i. . . :.,., • ~,F3 .?, 41 v. ; .:, l'ilt sC4:.• T . ~01 , 169',:,., j • ..,„./,‘ . , k 4., . - :,. 7..- V 4, . . 8' t ra:ith.''''' - ~ at ,‘... , . „ , 3, , .414,-k.: 1 1.: 4,.... , .. • . FOR THE HAIR. Preserves, Nourishes, Enriches, and Restores the Hair more effectually than any other preparation. Prevents Scurf', Greyness, and Dandruff, and has a most delightful bouquet of roses. Invaluable for Ladies' and Children's Hair. Also in a GOLDEN COLOUR, for fair or grey hair. Sizes, 3/6, 7/-, 10/6 equal to four small, a great saving. Waial..7.2..tril...W.lVßA:47lrzsizzam-yroararzsmorr—.....,-rir3, ........... I 1"47\ 44, AJlelt ; '.i.it ,1,: • • ~ ~,,t,„\i„ ~ M . it!; e V,, , 4 , va ) 1 %,.:- ~. .-,. ' ,i-`, - '4 . ''') "A 3 • • 1 :: c.A Ptil • ;.!;:.9 0, 41 •tl ' ty„ IA ~-, ~., i. ' ,:„ d , i. ::, . .i. ' /41-6,' • ... .% Fs'z—e-"77 ETV . • ~.4.4,,, % b itim 'la i The Se7it. Tooth Powder. Whitens the teeth; prevents decay; preserves the enamel; sweetens the breath; ; hardens the gums: Is free fromgritty and acid ingredients, and preserves and beautifies the teeth for years. Sold by Stores, Chemists, and Hairdressers, and A. ROWLAND & SONS, Hatton Garden, London. • --,,-,--7,-,,,,,,,,,..._,,,,,,,,.,,LTECAnve,aki sd.lin

_ English Watches—The Best Timekeepers. BIU . ~I, tyrr,,,,in Keyless pliA ~., 43: ri . . '-',4-,. :11 ~..:;., 4. ENGLISH ~r 1 --r . ~. ~ ~ . , , ~,4 \,„ ~, WARM.,.. TED . :::i & THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. Guaranteed for ACCURACY, DURABILITY, & STRENGTH, at MAKER'S CASH PRICE& In 18-øt. Gold Cases. ENSON'S : f , to .1, :._, Ar-iix ~, 4 . ' "" hEW KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER ~',.,- „ do, •••, ,-I for lA:scales. /, /., \dz.:, \ f.plato movement, BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH , 1 14....•• . \ LEVER, Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless Action. In 18-ct. Gold. , f 1 1. 1 , Crystal Glas3 Cases, £lO, or in Hunting and Half-Hunting Cases, £l2 108 , i ~------ \ 1 4 This Watch is made to replace Swiss Watches, and, for English / ! make, is exceptionally low priced. „ / .\ \ 7. I . /' . \ , i _.....:;'/ / ,zrt.,ENsi it ws In IS-cit. Gold Cases. NEW KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER co I) ' e 4 "d for G enatirrieri. A i-plate BEST LONDON MADE ENGLISH ii.i.,„,, i k ,t___ LEITER, Chronometer Balance and Strong Keyless (dl;.-:--410 Action. In 18-ct. Gold, Crystal Glass Cases, £l2. . ~ 1 ~.i. This Keyless English Lever is the Cheapest Watch of i kind ever offered to the public at the price, and super- , •I il • .". !,,, sedes all other Watches previously sold at the price. \ '•. . , 4 1 / „ • \ t SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL. / :,_. • ~ ', " ... •1" se"' ' ' ', WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at ji i .....-;00,4•0"- : .:. payabloeuartrois.pk.oto. all parts of the 'World for Cash or P. 0.0, $ 7-....,- % OLD WATCHES AND JEWF,LLERY TAKEN i 1 y, .., IN EXCHANGE. 4 % , . i I' BzITSON'S BOOK of WATCHES, from £2 to £5OO. ', ' CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES. \ \ N.. ";"'''. l'• 4... *:,., , •'•-• - ' PLATE, &c., &c. Post free on application. \, , •,,* , f ' .1, . . .5. /' . j. WE BENSON, Ltd., H. M. the Queen's Watchmakers, THE STEAK FACTORY, 62 84. 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C., LONDON. CLOCKS for ''' Schools, and Public Buildings, from £5. Estimates free.

, Churches, _ .411111111mr...._ _ —,,..... ty Yri.f.,n.,:.,,, p .4,,i, hail d send for particulars concerning the 17.•.;1.7...i,!•j,\ ~ ',, a 04414:-. 40i .-_, • , •, , ': ' .ravt•• .• r ~,'.4 M A ZEPPA DELIVERY CAR. .11,01,g' ',,i ' .9;- 4.. ~,,. ._ . 'F" • ,t,' ' ;41 +, y. „ ..4,.. .:. . liir' ..Itl Shopkeepers Will Ilud this the most economi- - - -'i \ ..'-8 , -•-, • ..: • ;,,,,,, A, t '1,,,', Ar .2 .r.; ,-, ~...' • ,444 cal means of distributing their orders. It \ :,..,,,,,,,.,„.„nA1L.,::5.....,,,,4,...,,...:,.,i o. ‘,., ~,,,,T,e,,,g1/4704...,4_ _ ~,,,,i, • dr*-4 ,' \ir ft--- •-• : . Lt::,--74.':;" -__frE4t,e4i ..1• l'«•: .., ~....., . ''__s..j._.-- oir.. ( e,%,.......„it5-, :. ,—.....e.w11". •1-'7.1r•;;;, Of :I -- . VW- ...i)-4,f ' ' .- 11 ' \ •••-•:_Nmx........_a5---7 presents a striking and continual advertise- ment. A youth can deliver goods in outside districts in much less time than by any other conveyance. Will carry 3cwt. MAY BE PUROIJAi3r4D FOR 00. Eli OR UPON GRADUAL, VAY ...liNT:.. Br nd postcard tor particulaks. post free: MAZEPPA CYCLE CO., 105, OAZNEAU-STRRRT. SOOTLAND-ROAD. - '',•=l, - ' ~,,,ma. . LIVKRPOOL.

, : R. t ,; ~ ir `.4i" •,i vl (.."77-'7,-) v.,,q,, on .z, , At. ,Fj • , . , .. ~,, Lti Ada." rizfam it' ~ . I T! ..' A 4 1 Y ? • a lel tiiiotts and liervons Disorders, SUCH AS ELEE.DA.CffJiar,r g INDIGESTION DIZZINESS 9 PLULPITATICH, WEAK GTOralielas ettc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY TIT:r73 Tri-VI7 A trif) THE YOUNG and THE OLD. a......1.....i.i .r... , ..-1.. , Manufactured only at 73, I•i'w Oxforci Street, London, and sold by an Chemists and Mcd;cine vcndors- . , . --. ...____-- - WATCII & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S YIDR7O, • 4C0.0.0.0431.0.04;41)' 1 Those who cannot take ordinary sir 71 ,a. . i lIAIN.4' elnol Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S 6 'at.? ZA;reui4ix Edinburgh Coffee Essence with 131.1.71 NE at Fivopence each. :lend your ~ i tall addrase including mune of County, .7, . " 'l,l:' comfort and pleasure. In botlie:-, by retuni mail, and we will forward the Blaine, - )I: from all Grocers. post paid. and a larlotivgaiullist to morko • retiroilj3yLlYlsci, vArit ifol.rwerotdn. London, 8.3. N-, Vi 79

TIIE " CAMACE " THE BEST SADDLE FOR CYCLISTS . SMITH'S NOISELESS 4, ' o BELL. " CD MCD -w--T: METAL MUOCUARO .i...S 211- -- :. .." 4, 11...0 ...O .:' ,7.;., '.• •••••.-' , st. •; • 1 - - - - . • . ... • • I).V " . ..,, • s, .., ' 1.-..•;.:•.i at': 7 '..' ,•.1- • :• ,',..'sAr4. t, ,' • .0.?. 41 0 ..........41111,f, .tit/..• - • ....9. . -'4444,- '. • Skir' Air. , ,N 7 b , ' ....' PfTY'rte'r ' ; '' ' * ... ‘" ,rx, Y .1 in4ll. VV.' - ' ' ...**,..1....;,' , -....1„........., AA • -?, 1 €0 ...• As used by the Queen of Sweden. '#), pauses a do. & • , humane and Handsome. Healthful and Easy. Made in .. ' • 1 ed. and 1 G. two sizes, with Hammock or Coil Springs. Suitable la Extra quality, 2 101. for Ladies or Gentlemen. Price 215., post free, in. Price 1/- Postage. 2d. eluding combined tyre lever and spanner to lit nuts. Postage, 4d. ' TRENTON CYCLOMETER. Quick Adjustments vrhen on Tour are most 4 latuniniura. Watch-face Pattern. conveniently made with „.... Sizes-26,25, and Wheels. Price ls. llld. Postage. 2d. THE 6ANIAGE M 99 SPANNER. 1e..7 \, ~ ,01,4, Weight only 3 ozs. Length, 5 ins. - / -., - ~. ID • ;;10.,.....4L,„,...„,,...,,,, 1, 7.--....z.„:„.:„.....,,....,.T._-_,,,,..., Quick Adjustnent. ~ L, ... Instantaneous Grip. /a .6 ./,',..1 . 4 '.'; !: '. 4io ‘l,,ii '-• r•- --"'. A , .• :4-41;,?,..-747-47,-, '' - - s.. , • ----- ~,,ii,h• 1 . r'' •,.* -- 'se • ‘ ;, i. 'PI ' ~, Olt, ~ ' ' , •.,":i ti _..4' . - '''''''.. iiiit'. ''',..., Ng' 'l' .1 I'o' ii.. 41 ' A a "...--..---.....,...,:. !, --iN \.; ,t 0.0. ', -.'"- • 410,44' '‘,:.'lt't!lttiu!'"' I /D , , ~ • . 1. " t :,....); :1,;;.,.-_::.:1 \.• "Or ' ' \.,,A4..,. It I,pi '.41,,1, rt.', IA /0 ••,,. . • , .. ••• I, ri:.. 1iktii„,,,0,.141, i.,11 !Nil 111!! ~-.1 •- , i(t)) The case and dial of this Cyclometer are both made of Aluminium, making the little instrum ne ent 7.0 U.-Pnt Spanner on nut.nd plce thumb on spring. as aa in very light and strong. It is made with the 'WI sc- filui•tration, which releases coil limn rate!' t ; the spanner can curacy of a watch. Cyclists m need of. a reliablf. Liken be pert ect ly adjusted to any out by sliding optlie shtft. Tell-Tale cannot find a better iiia the • Trenton. mro.t,„„d 5,,„, 9d. r ,„,„,„..A. ,_-_4l -....................... www.............."'-'--...... 1(.2) GAINAGE'S NEW CLEAN-ALL. 1 T'rlE- crunt HAI ' ZIMMY' TOE-CLIPS Much time is saved by using this.elcanlng aet, as all out-of-t •e-way I, a inactone are easily , gut Ai I,y -,, •,,n. 11; de of the hest materiel, highly ,4 dust and mad-collecting Mares l these special implemental. i,. k, l-maitd. :do:it ouralile clips. invaluable ,s‘ to all who cycle. ~ 505e.41"Z.-...-7.-.17:14,,,.. • '..-.:,....1'7.7-*Ais'f*::'';:Z:\ ''''k'''s '',"'44'4l(\••\:' . ~,,,,P4pAkit---2511) -. • €1 ' ''',..s.4•C‘ .I!s'.l.Pittli'•-, •kol"Iliit 4:4 ::' .21,14, k G • ' ('' '''''se' '' .'s,43'::',?i‘ft; e* ',7i, , „ ',, 4 '4:,,,-. _ %• '' ii_..... . re • ''.., ii iD ~, - \ ---- _%,---., . •., . ~, , .4 .......:;-1,-• 1 ";,- . . , ,A, ~ INT, 1.-rric.: 10. No. 4-Price 2,3. 1, I k ‘,, IllYir ,Cti... .k\''.4.l,•• . '__- ' I,'. ih, • I -..A,,,. .. d I, • .t. k, ,s, )••• 'k P, G -,--:,---- ',-- - ico ~....---.....:-,-. -,'„,f--I.s 6' t% 440 • ‘k ; .._ • 75=2,q.L,Q .7.,...7_,.- - t„-__+_._ ~-,,,,-.'....T.,,x,t--.-,--I‘z_o: <,:„,_..,,,...,,,k. :v.,.. , 4t) fa iwqrrfiri- .......,._ -,' ••• '..., - -,..,,-----:.,.....,!!"'s I. No. s—Price '1::3. No. c—rrice 23. 4'''!" I- -,-=:_.-_...;.::;-,- ' Plea." ni, it 100 w11:-.1 ordt ripe it H R .T. or übber Price as. 68., or without chain and tyre brush, 2s. 6d. Postage, 6d. Pedal,. IN, i,0e.....1. :`;,..3nll,l,*witiy,ied leather fie Smaller Clean-All, 14- Postage. ad. ~,.• .-, e,l for 1 .(:N , 1,,. •1-0, • rl. All Orders over 10/- Carriage Paid (unless otherwise stated). 4 The Largest and Most Liberal Retail Trade;,s In the World- 4' Write or Call for Illustrated Catalogue Post Free. Prompt Attention given to all Count!, Orders. , 4 A. vil ii.,,,r,pAnF LID. iti,p 13riu 1 NBeil Ec. i .w. a uiticia n q..,t ..k, is ',:,,,,,,i Lri ' ,a,‘,41 k ‘th' y las •k' " 'e',..5 2 2 —a ,6666 66666660Dci))666666606 , , . . . . • ........_. -.

BARGAINS AND COMMON SENSE. Our system of trading brings the best class goods within the reach of everybody, and those who must economise, whilst securing the more valuable and costly specime ain Jewellery, Watches, and Table Plate, can co so in their dealings with us. OUR U-NIQU' PJSITION as Pawnbrokers and Dealers enabling us to give to our customers the fullest advantages derived from ths valuable forfeited properties of private wearers, jewellers, and watchmakers, A small deposit will secure any of the undermen- tioned bargains, and prevent disappointment. R. H. REED AND SON, 10., MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Bottom end, close by the A.delphi Hotel). Telephone 5,084. PRICES WITHIN THE REACH OF EVERYONE.

59, SANREYj-ST.JkitBWHA'RRINGTON, FOR rn SHE FFIE LD TABLE CUTLERY.

BEFJ• MAKING YOUR PURCEIASES OF PRESENTS. DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOw DISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES UNRIVALLED VARIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASH. J. S. GARLAND. FUENISHING IRONMONGER. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BER EBl4l ORD, LATs LEE AND BURMAN. GREAT eLEARANCE SALE, OF MILITARY AND LADIES' HAIR BRUSHES, IN IVORY, SILVER, AND EBONY, TRAVELLING AND DRESSING BAGS, OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. DRESSING, LET tER WRITING, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE CASES, LADIES' HANDBAGS, PURSES, IN ALL NEWEST HADES, AND WITH GOLD AND SILVER MOUNT. BUY FR3M THE MANUFACTURERS YOUR SILVER BRUSHES AND MIRRORS AT UNAPPRCACHABLE PRIORS. 77 CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SEE SKELTON'S Li NIITED, ENORMOUS STOCK OF PRESENTS. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORS E MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ej A M F.S TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The lIMMIST PRICE 3 paid for dead and worn-ont horses, cows, etc. ren,oveti any &stance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAhD, LONGFORD.

FIEWITT, MARKET-PLACE, WARRINGTON, FOR SPECTACLES AND FANCY GOODS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS.

F OR F IRS T-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appoint m enrs aurnrnaencgeescrry, but may be TEETH. All consultations tee. Each T EETH patient informed beforehand the cost work . TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants: TEETH. Painless Exotfraicanotass tixtlzto by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY BLADE.) MANCHESTER.-- MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. 810.130 E-STREET SDAY, 2 p.m. WA ..... SANKEY-STREET WII.D,NESD Y, 2 to 5. RUNCO.. N THIRSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH .. 18, APPLE.MARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 nd Ito 5.

DEATHS. CROSSLEY—On Ja:,uary sth at Woodlands, Thelwall, Anne Crossley widow of the late Charl-s trossley, aged 73 years. SwnsToN—January 4th, at Mainfields (late of The Asbury). ' Winwick, Joseph Swinton, aged 6',) years. No cards. BENNlON—Deeernber 27th. at Allen-street, Warrington, Jeffrey Bennion, aged 41 years. GASKELL—Deeember 28th, at Naylor-street, Warrington, Wildam Osskell, aged 64 years. NOCK—December 28th, at Orford-lane, Warrington, Samuel Henry Nock, aged 42 years. WlLSON—December 19th, at Sscott-street, Warrington, Chris- topher Wilson, aged 67 years. FAIRHURST --December 29th, at Warburton -street, Warring. ton, Thomas Fairhurst, aged 53 years. CAITERA: L -Dceernber 31, at Church-st reet, Warrington, Samuel Cattcrall, aged 73 years.

RIARS GREEN, Warrington, Opt -nits ArPleY Station Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, late Essenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and 1--stimates Free. LBTTEI CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING ON UMENTS A tiPECIALITY.
