===== 0002601_19001221_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BERESFORDS (LATE LEE AND BURMAN.) 77% CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1132.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO., TELEPHONE N. 0489• CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, TICKETS, &t.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

mo SKIP and Basket Makers. On Sale Cane Willows .1_ Hazels ,ics• —G. M. JONES. 9, Blackfriars-st. Manchester.

WINES and SPIRITS: finest qualitv.—Bend for price hat to .M. TONES, 9. 13Iackfriars-st. Manchester.

EAST ! YHAST ! " Eagle," • Half Moon," D.O ' aroo" Brand a . —G. M JoYEs.9,Blackfriare-st.Manchester

END OF SEASON SALE.

LADIES' AND ,GENTLEMEN'S WATERPROOF COATS, CAPES. AND JACKETS.

GREAT BARGAINS.

CYCLE CAPES FROM 2s- HD.

GENTLEMEN'S SAC COATS FROM 14s. 11D. J. E. HUGHES AND SONS,

36, PARADISE-STREET

(OFF CHUROH-STREET), LIVRRFOOL.

LATE Sr. GEORGE'S CRESCENT.

A FEW ODD GARMENTS FROM ss. 11D.

BRIDGE SrRE6T,

WARRINGTON.

large number of

CHOICE CATTLE

Telephone 10,3.

Sales in Warrington.

At these Bales.

• •

AN HOUR .PROM as. 69. ' T. BRIERLEY,

PrIIM:LW, DECEMBER 21, 1900.

CHRISTMAS, 1900. SINGLETON AND OTEPB.ENSON,

Wish to draw attention to the exceptionally

Which they have purchised at the XMAS

They have again been the LARGEST PURCHASERS

THE STOCK IS ALL LANCASHIRE r AND CHESHIRE FED.

ENCOURAGE ROME INDUSTRY.

SINGLETON AND Cl TEPHENSON

Take this opportunity of thanking their customers for their esteemed patronage, and respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.

Telegrame, " Cheviot"

WE CLOSE cm :Pioyasrays AT 1.30.

DR. J. COLLtS BROWNE'S OH LOgODYNE THE ORIGINAL AN ONLY GENUINE. CLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful„and valuable remedy ever die covered.

rIHLORODYNE is tbe let remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal dlseases—Diphtherm, Fever, 3roup, Ague. CIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in Cholera awl Dysentery. CU LORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Pallaation, and Spasms. (-111LORODYN143 is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer. Toothache, Meningitis,

From Dr. B. X. BoinTortaxn Co.. Horneastie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it no an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to memo this great advantage over all other sedatives; that it ,leaves no unpleasant after effects. ot th " Earl Russell communicate 'to e College of Physicians that he received a despatch m her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Chol ' had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy Any service was CHLORO- DYNR."—See Lancet, lit Deco ber. 1864. CAUTION.-BEWARE F PIRACY AND IMITA- TUIS- CAUTION.—ViCe-ClMMelleit '4%. W. Past WOOD stated that Dr. 3. Cor.us BaowNx was, undoubtedly, the inventor c f "CHLORODYNE " atm that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See :fixes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. .14,, Za. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " OR. I. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYBE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ing Medie,l testimony aceomPanies each bottle

UMBRELLAB UMBRELLAS I I THE LATEST BOVE TIES SUITABLE FOR • PRIISE/:..1:

LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W 9`4I(ING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES !mt....MIRED JN HAL)

49, PICCADILLY, IiANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BA.NJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its:branches. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN iSIAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Cbanoti, RENSIIAW-STREBT, LIVERPOOL. A BOON TO LADY CYCLISTS AND OTHERS.

SWEETMAN'S NEW NATURAL CURL FRINGE. NOT AFFECTED BY DAMP. PRICB 10s. TAILS OF PURE HAIR. FRGII 53. 6. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order and _ _

Pattern for Colour. HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for PALLING OR WEAK HAIR.

And Sure Preventive of Baldness. PRICE 29. 6n. PER BOTTLE. OUR ONLY ADDRESS :-

W • B. SWEETNAN, 5. RANELAGH-STRRET. LIVERPOOL. (OPPOSITE CENTRAL STATION).

===== 0002601_19001221_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Eva Purr{ Is 73id per Quarter, 6e 6d per annum is gd. per Quarter cred

JOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examine places it before those whom you want to reach. goes direct to the Public. keeps your name before them, serves to make. you better known among them, at a very small cost.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
VOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The -I.J WATER COMMITTRE of the Council of the Borough INVITEI TRNDERS for the whole SUPPLY OF SLACK (about 20 tons per week). of good quality, to be delivered at the Winwick Pumping Station; and also the whole supply Of HOUSE COAL. to be delivered at Winwick Pumping Station, Appleton Reservoir, and Bank Rouse. in such quan- tities as may be required from day to day during the next twelve months. Tenders, addressed to the Chairman of the Water Committee. endorsel "Tender for Slack" to be de- livered here not later than 12 noon, Saturday, 29th Decem- ber. 1900. All Tenders to be clear of strike clauees, and to name the Pit from which the Slack and Coal will be taken The Lowest or any Tender will not necessarily b. accepted. JAMES DEA% A.M.1.C.8., Engineer.

Municipal Offices.— • Warrington, 14th December 19CO.

7iiiz.zsm"

FOR FIRST-CLASS PR V ATII

, -

.

•,•t)

, ~,AL -'---- , . _ _...._ ~... - _ - ________ ~..:-...- - -.......- _._ -.----- --k -maw . ... ._ ._ ,.._. __________,. Nesimissimmormir-z a: • :aram----

,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged_ TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Informed beforehand of work required.

TEETH. sold and other filMags at modersta charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Bxtraction as hitherto by the all of Bitrcus Oxide.

TEETH. Tinker to DAIMONS Of 10,0001%110ne weekly.

Rxors. of the late

J. H. PARKI*SON

• (DENT= BY BXAM.) BIANCHESTEIL.--....-46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1660),

ST. HELENS ... --GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

EARLESTOWN -7. B RIDGE-STREBT

TUESDAY, 2 p.m,

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN,— —3l. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NOITHWICH-18, APPLEMARBET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

A lIRTIFI6IAL-TEETH, •

MOUNTED ON GOLD, PLATINUM, VULCANITE, EBONITE, Ac, PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS. BEST ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TEETH. THOUSANDs ONLxvPca TESTIMONIALS.

f. HIGTIAM (OF CROSS-LANE. EARLESTOWN), ATTENDS AT MISS CITARLNS', 13, LEM-I-STREET', WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAYS FROM 2 TILL 5 P.M. ALSO 54. OXFORD-STREET. ST. HELENS.

BUY YOUR BRUSHES,

FROM THE WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURERS. GEORGE FERN AND CO: 19, CHURCH_ STREET, WARRINGTON WE LUKE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF BRUSHES. QUALITY ANT) PRICES DEFY COMPETITION.

WEDDIYG RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22.. carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value irr the town or district. Sold by weight from sEviir SHILLINGS AND SIXPENOS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-rounci always in stock. A handsome present given to each put. chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUSTANCB AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Rstablished 1884. ,

A. AND J. AIr'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAYEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Dip:noels. Midland Silver Jewellery. Plate ald Negottatila PkopOrt of ererY desertpt;on. All transactiins in accordanco with Act. of Parliament: Strictest secrecy and stratghtforwaed dealing combined. 50s•

WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADH SILViiRENtiLISIEI PATENT LEVER. WATCH, capped, jewalled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HRAVY SOLID SILVER HALL- VLARKED CASE, well finistaed and especially adapted to fit fist in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a mtnute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNV OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATUBI that ABSOLUTELY DRFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with Eve, watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZtIS with Crystal. or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. WA tchmalcers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTBR ALES 41:4-Lsopre MUD AND BITTER ALBS. WHBATLRY'S MOP SITTER.), WHBATLEY'S GINGBR OBER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLBS from

B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Dianufactm-er of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATRRS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OVEN STREET.

ROCHE S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The e6hihrated eirerlvq

cure I,7,thout 2. nal • Niet •• -7!V. Or tin Chemists prices 48. per bottle. So 1 a W holess!,) Agents, W. EDWARDS & SoN, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London.

HOOPING COUGH HOOPING COUGH HOOPING COUGH BRONCHITIS CROUP RDCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

EADR'S PILLS.

EADI",'S pus. FA's t.,-iADE'S plus. VADD 13 plus. EADE's pLLs.

All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism s'lould Immediately have recourse to BADE' PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to the wonderful power the2e Pills have in girfng relief in the ve:v woretcases. These Pill: are purely vegetatic and perfectly safe itt

heir action. • INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-creacent Dewsbury road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. pi HBUIdA TI S M "Dar Slr,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHRUMA TI S M Rheumatic Gout, and! had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I bad the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. 13 HBULIA T / S M The hest spring I had another attack, and was nerstutaed by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUIdA T I n M say being laid up again. Ever settee, when I have bad the least (3.01.5. pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RH BITM A T I Flll directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A. BOTTLE. RIIB UM TI S M You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT • shall be pleased tu answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RH E U MAT M ILO (enclosing stamped address). Ling you every success, Yours truly ALBERT MOURTALIf." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists. in Bottles, Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d or sent post free for 'Postal Orler by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE. 232. GOSWELL-ROAD, B.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND fIHEU MATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

===== 0002601_19001221_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; 1 f` i

===== 0002601_19001221_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ALWAYS USE McDOCTGALI:S PATENT SELF-R.AISING FLOU RIT IS THE BEST. THE EX A MIN ER, FRI DA Y, DECEMBER 21 1900

to approach the managing director of thie firm. fle did so in a respectful manner. He was quietly intormed that, se far as he was concerned, they could iseanaae their business without the interference of a third party, and that th .e were al waos willing to dc ii fairly with their employ di. He suggested to the men that thee should sign a petition to the firm. They did so, with the same result. He (the epeaker) salted them respect- fully to give ear to the petition, and the result was that each man received his notice, supplemented be a no"e saying that if they were desirous ot complying with the condition of employment as existing up to date thy might apply to the manager, Mr. Dale, who would re- engage them providing there was a vacancy to fill. The men clime out, and he contended they were in their right in asking to be Consi irred at this juncture. These men were asking for nothing that was wrong ; they were simply asking far conditions which were in r eiet • ence at Port Sunlight. (Applause.) He conaidered I at in dealing with a firm tmey oueht always to he ei regard to the conditions of work in a r induste (Hear, hear). These men at Meaars Ce retield's cud not want to as for any exorbitant rate of wages or cen- ditione of employment hut were seeking to obtain con- ditions similar to those enjoyed by the engine men and boilermeci employed by Messrs Lever Bros. at Port Sunliebt. (Beer, )'es+) There were the condition,' (fielding up a sheet ot paper) which had been sent him by Mr Lever himself. (Applauee). Those conditions kad been in existence at Port Suulignt for seven years. Messrs Lever Bros had always been swilling to meet the Trades Union for the discussion of any qneition which might be laid before them. The men at Messrs Crosfielde desired similar conditions to those at Port Sun- light. The position at the present time was this. The men in charge of the boilers were receiving aid per hour, whilst at Port Sunlight the men received sixpence per hour and OOP and a quarter ti ne for any time worked over the stipulated hours. (Applause) For having charge of this responsible kind of machinery he did nc•t consider that was an exorbitant ware. • (Hear, hear.) In asking for it the men at Messrs. Crosfield's were not making an unreasonable application, especially when they consideied that within the last five years tlJe le men had ii t received a farthing advance. A Voice : It is a lie. Councillor COPLBY : It may be. but lam giving you the information I have received from the men. Con- tinuing, he contended that these men had a right to be censiderel at he preient juncture. In their letter to him the firm referred to the practice of dealing only with their own men, and 6aid they did not see their way clear to deviate from this old standing rule, as it would lead to alterations of the conditions of labour at the works, ' which in the end would only produce a considerable amount of dissatisfaction probably on both sides. Continuing the speaker remarked that the men did not doubt for a moment that the interference of the union might create dissatisfaction on the one side but it would create satisfaction' for the men if they obtained what was reasonable. The firm's letter concluded with the following sentence "Whatever proposals of a practical nature the men feel themselves disposed to lay before the management of the concern will be received with every consideration and if not agreed to it will be because such proposals are found to be absolutely im- practicable from our point of view." He (the speaker) stood before them as a Trade Unionist believing that in that movement and in it only lay his salivation. ' This movement had to be supported by men ho had pluek about them. It wan not necessary for him to stand up for himself, he could protect himself. At the sacrifice of himself he did his best for the brethren who were weaker in argument= speech, and for that he was crucified. But he did not object to being crucified, and as far as his gospel taught him they could expect to receive that treatment. He urged them to be united in that and every town,and it there were employers who acted in an arbitrary manner, their action would soon be a thing of the past. (Applause.) The men were asking for nothing unreasonable. Signing the condition meant that the men would agree that no outsider should be brought in to plead on their behalf, and that the firm should not receive letters frcm outsiders on their behalf, and also that they were satisfied ich the present conditions of work That was all right from the employers' standpoint. He was not present to blame the employers for getting their work done as cheaply as possible if 'they would only deal fairly with the men from the other side. Had the men given notice that meeting would have been somewhat out of court, hut as they received their notice he left the meet- ing to judge whether the men were teine fairly treated or not. Why should rich men like Messrs.Crosfield fight men in their position ? It did uot sbow a gentlemanly feeling. If the firm could prove that they could not afford to pay what was asked the workmen would be reasonable. He believed that the people of Warrington would not be behind in .expressing sympathy for their own citizens. He trusted they were preparei to show their feelings in a respectful and honourable manner.and he was not present to advise anyonete adopt any method that would bring trouble upon him or disgrace on the firm. He trusted that wiser counsels would prevail, and that the gentlemen who he had been told had always expressed sympathy for workmen at Messrs. Crosfiela's ' would bring their influence to bear on the question (Applause.) The resolution was then put to the mesting, and carried with one dissentient. The meeting concluded with a Vote of thanks to the Chairman.

The Firm's Explanation. Mr G Dale writes us as follows on nenalf of Messrs Crosfield'a and Sens. Ltd. About 2-?; years ago, in the summer of IS9B an agree- ment was made between Dr Markel and the firemen with regard to the settlement of all special gr;evanoesi and questions of exceptional importance. The agreement was to the effect that such matters should be brought before the Directors by a deputation appointed by the men. This agreement was made in consequence of a demand for an eight hour; shirt having been received from the Firemen's Union. As a result of this the men's names were omitted from the holiday list for 1898. On applying to Dr Markel to enquire why their names were omitted they were informed "that holidays could not be Riven to men who were evidently dissatisfied with their work." Ultimately a distinct understanding, be- tween themselves and the Managing Director being arrived at on the following poiets their holidays were granted. I—They1—They expressed themselves as setisfiel with the existing conditions of employment. 2—They expressed regret at the course taken by the Union. 3—They promised in the future to brine special griev- ances and questions of exceptional importance directly before the directors. 'lbis understanding continued and the men had their holidays in '9B, '99 and 1900. As soon as the holiday season of 1900 was over an application for an eight hours ebift was received from Mr Copley the General Secretary of the Firemen's Uaion containing the signatures of tee Firemen. The statement made by Mr Copley on Sunday night last to the effect that the men had previously made this application themselves is without foundation. This constituted a direct breach of the agreement. tar Copley was informed that we held to the principle of dealing directly with our men and could not therefore recognise interference from outside parties. After some further correspondenced in which we practically re- peated our original statement, Dr Markel asked for a deputation of the men for the purpose of receiving some explanation direct from the workmen. During the it- t erview one of the deputation said: The Agreement so far as he understood it was only temporary, and not permanent'y binding." Dr Markal replied •• That it wa s binding until a new Agreement was made, and that if they found they could not continue to accept it they should have given due notice to that effect." They were then informed that in order to prevent any misuederstanding in the future the Agreement must be on paper and must be signed by the men This would become an essential condition, and the deputation was asked to inform their fellow work- men that if they wished to remain permanently in our employ they must comply with the condition as stated. After two days the same delegates with one exclAien brought the answer of the men, which was to the effect "that they would not comply with the condition as specifierl, and that they had decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Union." Uron ree, ivinß their decision Dr Markel expressed his regret, but said that under the circumstances he must ask them to inform their fellow workmen that they wet° to consider themselves only temporarily in their employ This was on November Ist. and on November sth the whole of the men concerned received their notice, and accompanying the same a note stating " that if any of the 7meni were prepared to accept the conditions of employment as existing up to date, and would apply to the manager of the department, Mr Dale, they would be re-engaged, providing any vacancies remained." Two of the men astarvraeds expreved their willingness to comply with the conditions of the film. These man were, of course, retained. Two weeks after this the deputetion waited on Dr Markel and expreased their witlineneaa to return to work under the original conciihons They weee ii:- formed that there were no vacancles.—Yours 0 DALE. (Manager Fuel Department).

===== 0002601_19001221_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY . DEAR NELLIE,

There is nothing more becoming than a black velvet hat to a clear complexion. It seems to brighten the pink and cream tints, and to banish the smallest hint of sallowness. White felt, on the contrary, has too often the effect of eliciting and thdn accentuating the yellow that lurks laterv: under every skin. Only the most supremely per- fect complexion can bear the trying proximity. Pink sometimes turns an indifferent complexion almost black. When the shade chosen is very bright and smiling, all the muddy earth-tones come strongly out, and the head-gear, that was chosen to beautify, condemns. The soft tones of beige and almond and forest brown, so fashionable just now, are usually very becoming.

A garmen. which may prove really delightful for evening wear is of the new watered silk gauze, soft and filmy as chiffon, patterned with a light tracery of seed pearls. Made simply—just pouched and drawn into a waistband of gold tissue at the waist, with the neck veiled in folds of deep-toned lace, and a pink rosebud tucked away amongst the lace—this blouse is one, indeed, to covet and acquire. Almost, if not quite, on a par with it are the ones of white chiffon, traced with gold thread, so ethereal and captivating are they. A change of slips underneath these transparent blouses admits of great variety, such as white under black, or vice-versa; coloured slips under black or white, however, go against the grain now, blues and pinks under white muslin being so sug- stestive of a draped toilet cover.

Very popular are floral fetes and balls about Christmas time, and there is this to be said in their favour—they are very easily gut up, and therefore popular in the country where scenic surroundings and dress trappings are hard to come by. A very little ingenuity accomplishes a charming flower dress. Some have trails of flowers, such as rises, violets, or lilies, roped together from the waist downwards, left to:float loosely ovar toile skirts ; others have the skirt strewn with pedals or loose sprays of flowers; whilst on some thick ruchings of flowers border the hems of the flounces.

All skirts continue to be street sweepers, and some absolutely curl upwards in front and at the sides, while they train behind, so they are lengthy out of all reason. Though cashmere and an inter- lining of domette has been tried by a few of the modistes, the really successful firms are still mounting all their skirts upon silk, for whie:i moirette is a very excellent and worthy substitute. Let simplicity be the aim ; buy good materials and trimmings, and not much of the latter, for touches only of passementerie and Lucy braids are requisite, while a big display is not in good taste. Every ancient button, even only a single specinn•ii of its kind, is precious, and so are old cameo waist, clasps and the jewellery.of 45 years ago, inciudii the long and ornate watch.eliain of bright gold every woman of means then possessed. Nock bands, stocks, and ties to be extraordinarily 6111,1 rt, should match the trimming worn, and -wnen Oa) toque, boa and muff are also in keeping the ear,,,t, is very happy. The sack coat in fur is worn by many, bit its success depends as much upon the cut as upon the *cure of the wearer ; and, as a rule it is as smart as it is comfortable. Fur flounces are coming into fashion again, and the owners of rather sliaoby sealskin coats or capes need not hesitate to I).‘-,1 them supplemented with sable, mink, beaver, iox, or undressed seal. The rage of the moment is for silver fox, and as this is a very costly far, as it is one of the rarest, imitations are largely to the fore. Black fox is pointed with whi e hairs to give ic, ~s nearly as possible, the silvery grey blown that characterises the genuine for. Boas with long stole ends are considered veiy smart, though th long ends are rather an inconsequent way of wear- ing fur. Caracul is the fur for smart winter It is as supple and adaptable as velvet, and adds nothing of the clumsy Lind to the liAnye. Your loving_

JI:N STE.

-,..., ow, ..... '\• ."-: —, ~......, , A,V ".L,t.",..'4-‘ • '-.7,4" A.' , ,` 44, , , . ' fr • ::•:-`?' ... ";;F•Vh• /il / , ////, ,i,/', --:',j ,•;•• .- 11 / A / ,t '

--- f , 4" ". ts, teet,. : , 44,r.ri . 7.1,47.1 - „ \\, I.l* -P°.:ll 7 ;'11'":: ••"'''' i "Nett \ \ \ .\\\ \‘ \ I , I

~ 0,--- f - ..... v • ~ ~-4, 7. ,9: c •er:4 ~.:*;-,_---:. t,i. i - -a-4- - / . „ ,:. • ~ ~,,, , • 1 i , 1 ! ktrovti.,•„_ \\.„ \ :,....,, I\\' ‘l;ll,:l•\i\k'.',. , 1! 'i! 1 ii,\,'lt , \'' k:i::: ;:, ,s,'/‘,. t .wi,ti,t,, ,/ •.'',,. ;,'..i. '':),\',','.'!...',.:,',W;\-,' • 'AI ~,W''' , I ilii ''kV •••‘',,;•41.,..•.-j , ' ',,k N, k • 1 1 I‘.l , A'.,q; ii • 1..1 1; '• NI• 4 '‘,,V.W ',' •i i ~‘ .‘* .:'1!•••::*", ,5_...1,1, 'L.' '• P1:11' \ s'.4 : CI

===== 0002601_19001221_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. OROSFIELD AND THEIR WORKMEN.

Alleged:lnterference with the Right to

Combine.

The Co-operative Hall ,Sankey-street, Warrington, was crowded on Sunday evening when a public meeting was held under the auspices of the Amalgamated Union of Enginemen and Firemen, for the purpose of" making known the facts" in relation to a trade dispute at the works of Messrs Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., Bank Quay. In the absence of Mr A C finks schairman of the Trades and Labour Council) Mr F Stott (secretary of the Council) presided, and there were also present on the platform Councillor G H Copley. of Rotherham, general secretary of the Union of Enginemen and Fire- men, and Messrs G Sambre)* (formerly of Warrington, but now of Glasgow), Horrocks,Podmore, Weaver, War- burton, Jones and Hamblen. The CHAIRMAN in opening the proceedings said they were expecting Mr Monks, the president of the Warring- ton Trades and Labour Council to take the chair, but unfortunately be was unable to be present. He was pleased to say that the Warrington Trscles and Labour Council were supporting Messrs Crosfield's men in this dispute. (Hear, hear.) There was a peculiarity about this dispute. It was not a question of hours or of wages but principle, which these men were fighting for—the right to belong to and use the officials of their union for obtaining tbe benefits they were entitled to. So far as he had been able to learn the men affected by this dis- pute worked 72 hours one week and 96 hours the follow. ing week. (Shame.) Messrs Crosfield were applied to by these men for a reduction of hours, some time ago and were refused—Councillor Copley, the general secretary of the Union of Enginemen and Firemen, asking for a reduction of hours for the men belonging to the union who worked there. The outcome of that was that Messrs Croefield wished the men to sign an agreement that they would under no circumstances introduce an official of their society into any dispute they had with tbe firm. Because they would not sign that agreement 30 or 31 of ' the men received their notice of dismissal. There was e footnete to the notice saying that if the men applied individually, and there were any vacancies, they would be re-engaged. It seemed to him (the speaker) that it was not a very nice tiring tor working men to deal cirectly with their employers because those who took notice knew that a man who made himself too promin- ent sas very soma dismissed, and it was likely that these men had they applied directly for an increase of wages and a reduction of hours would have been dl'- missed not because they belonged to a society and asked for better conditions, but a reason wnuld be found. He believed, personally, that those men were quite justified in their position, and did perfectly right in refusing to sign the agreement. (Applause.) Mr. SAMBROOK said he was pleased to be in Warring- ten again—(hear, hear)—but he was sorry to be there on such an occasion and on business of such a regret- table character. Three years ago it was advertised in the papers that the men employed by Messrs. Crosfield. and had been with them for twelve montlas,were entitled to a week's holiday and a week's pay each yeareAt that time seven of the members of this society working there asked for what was being granted to the other men. They got the holiday, and afterwards the firm wished to say that the men made an agreement that no third party i should step in at a time of dispute. The men contra- dicted that statement and have contradicted it all along. 'He (the speaker) went to see Mr. A. H. Crosfield, but he was away. Mr. Henry Roberts told him that the men had broken the aereemeet, and he (the speaker) told him that the men declared there had been no agreement. He (Mr. Sambrook) afterwards saw the men, and wrote to the firm saying that they, with him or without him, wished to meet Dr. Markel and contradict the state- ments made against them. Not having received a reply from the firm he (Mr, Sambrook) brought the question before the Warrington Trades and Labour Council last Tuesday. He did not do so until the reporters had left the room because teey wished to settle the matter without anything appearing in the press, as they bad always endeavoured to do, and as they always tried to do up and down the country. (Hear, hear.) On the fellowing Thursday he received a reply from Messrs. Croefield's stating that another interview could not be granted. He Mr (Sambrook), wired to the head office asking if the General Secretary, could spare the time to come to Warrington. The result was that the matter had to be brought under the notice of the public, es that the bulk of the working men of Warricgton and throughout the country could see whether those present that evening were in the right or wrong If they were in the wrong they would go in, but if they were in the right they would try to gain that right. They would fight for the right as they had always done. (Applause.) They asked those present, if they thought the men were in the right, to help them to gain their rights, and be doing so they would lay the foundation stone for their children to build on after they had gone. (Applause.) A man in the body of the hall rose to ask a question. The CHAIRMAN said a programme had been arranged and thee must adhere to it as much as they could. Mr. HORROCIES submitted the following resolution "That this meeting cf Trades Unionists emphatically protests against the arbitrary and tyrannical action of Messrs Crosfield and Sons, Limited in calling upon some of their workmen to renounce the principle of combina- tion, and hereby declares its determination to insist upon their right to unite for the protection of labour against , the unjust demands of capital." (Applause). In deing so be said he was not like a certain politician wiso said he had no interest to serve directly or indirectly, as he (the speaker) bad a little bit of interest in Trades Unionism. He had no bitter feeling against one firm more than against another. He looked upon all the issues as affecting labour and capital as universal. (Applause). He had that after- noon been readirg Gibbon's Industrial History of England, and it save one a clear idea of what caused trades unionists to come into being. They had had guilds for a considerable number of years, hut trades unionism had its inception 100 years ago. Experience bad taught them that combination was the hest for men, as capital was so well organized. The only thing wortring men lacked was a clear knowledge of the de- mands of capital and the rights of labour. (Hearegrar.) There should be no quarrelling of this description ; they should be en perfect in their organization that these dis- putes could not occur. Mr. Sambrook had stated that certain men at Messrs. Crosfistel's worked 72 helm ens week and 96 hours the following week for £1 7s and £1 15; respectively; and let them remember that this country bad spent nearly £100,000,000 in trying to get votes in South Africa. (Disorder.) They had votes, however, in England and yet such a dispute as the present could exist in their midst. (Bear, hear, and applause.) It was said that an Englishman's home was his castle but what kind of a home was it when the man had to work such long hours for such small wages? The speaker proceeded to show the unrest in the industrial world of t"-day, and said if workingmen were not to lose what they had already gained tbey would have to perfect their organieations and fight unitedly. (Hear, hear.) Be did not blame capitalists for the action they were taking for they werelendeavnur ing to live without work. (Laughter) A workingman had only hie labour to sell and it was his duty to do the best be possibly could for himself. (Applause.) Mr JOSE2II PODMORE junior in seconding the resolu- tion said he had been called upon unexpectedly to per- form that duty. He was sorry that the President of the Trades and Labour Council and other advertised speakers had not been able to torn up. However, as a trades animist, and as a member of the Executive of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council, he had the greatest pleasure in seconding the resolution which had been so ably proposed by Mr Horrecke. Some people objected to a meeting being held on a Sunday night, but if religion was anything at all it was good not only for things which concerned them on the Sunday but on the week-day. (Hear, hear.) He thought, therefore, that they were justified sin holding a meeting on a Sunday night because nothing affected the life of a working roan so much as the amount of money he could !et to live upon, with time and recreation to build up character. A man could get on pretty well with an individual employer. He could appeal to his sempathies, and was usually successful, because ro man was so bad as to have no feeling; hut a limited company had neither soul to save nor body to keep. (Laughter.) They did not know with whom they were dealing ; the trembere of a company were surrounded, as it were, by a screen. They could not get to :the individuals who composed the company It seemed to him that the meeting would be perfectly justi- fied in supporting the resolution becauee it was a ques- tion of combination. Men found by experience that by uniting into a collective whole they could get better terms for their labour, shorter hours of work and mere money than by gripe individually to an employer. What did they find where trades unionism did not exist? —low wares, low sanitary enedhiene surrounding the labonr, and long hours, of laheurr Where Trades Union- ism was most powerful they found the best condition of things. (Applause.) The fleet of combination had been fought for by our fore- fathers. They struggled for it threueh persecution, through imprisonment and all kinds of trials and pr2vatiens Thee were row asked to support men who were uphntdir a that principle. (Hear, hear.) These men were asked to sign an agreement that they would go personally to their employees fer the settlement of their Erirv,inres. What die it mean? It meant gen- ine in the thin end of the wedge which was going to un- do the. work of Trades Unionism donne the last 60 year; Re believed that these men shroud be eupperted in up- holding the principle of combination, for if they allowed i the thin end of the gedee to get in `helr workman would .stiffer in the end. S'"IIII,' People told them that there was a great deal of ter-army in trades unionism. Be wru'd like to ask who had taught trades unionists to be tyran- rinug. Was it not due te the exempts, and teaching on the, part of employers? He would ask the meetine to support' the, resseutien and face the danger which con- fronted the mae teedes unionists. (Applause.) COUTIC;iIOT COPLEY sueperted the resolution and said he weu'd endeevenr to explain the position as c'early as he ecu7cl. Seme months ago it was necessary for him

===== 0002601_19001221_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A Woman's Sad Death.

On Sunday the police received information of the death of Lena Ford, aged 61, who resided at 1, Earle-atreet, and who died in the Infirmary at 2.15 thht afternoon. It appears that at six o'clock on Saturday evening the deceased's son went out of the house, leaving his mother alone. He 'returned shortiy after eleven and found the deceased lying on the floor at. the bottom of: the stairs in an uncon- scious state, bleeding from a wound on the bead. He obtained assistance and deceased was removed to the Infirmary where she died at the time stated without regaining consciousness. It is presumed that Mrs Ford fell downstairs and su-tainerl the injury from which she died. At the inquest on Monday a verdict of " Accidental death" was returned. KITC‘iRR RANGE-3. 'Tile CT rnteq. Mstrble ang %Vilna Chimney uicces. J.. GARLAND 51 te 55. Bridge-st—Advt.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
V.R. PUBLIC NOTICE.

WIT EREA:3 r, J. and L. TIAT?RIS. of 28 ani 31. BERRY-3TREET, LIVERPOOL, being Licensed Pawnbrokers pursuant to toe act of Parliaasent of 1872. do hereby OFF Rtt to the PUBLIC, at REMARKABLY LOA/ PRICH3, Ons-third of the Original Cost, the following ARTIOLIIi being good, pledged with us and not redeerne t within the statutory period. Each article has been restored to condition equal to new. We give a written guarantee to advance (if reqaired) within 10 per cent of the price paid. Cash returned it goods are not approved of. (169) Lady's fashionable Gold Keyless Watch. beauti- folly engraved cases, equal to new. warranted 25 years, £2 10a ; (e. 58 Lady's High-class Gold Demi -hunting livless Watch, plaits cases, equal to new warranted 25 years, £3 10s ; (174) ditto, engraved cases, small sliza £3 18s 61; (173) similar lot, £4 ss; ('6l) Lady's Gold Keyless Watch, opal dial, engraved cases, warranted 25 years, £3 135; (17) similar lot, gold dii.l, £3 10s ; (187) Lady's Fashionab,e Go! 1 Keyless Watch. be Elgin Watth Company, warranted 25 years, £4 5s ; (153) Lady's Fashionable Gold Keyless Watch, a very pretty watch. warranted 25 years. £3 3s; (153) Lady's Fashionable Gold icyleas watat, richly-edgraved cases, opal dial, warranted 25 years. £2 7s 63 ; (263) Lady's Gold Keyle-8 Watch, very pretty style, riehly•engraved cases, wasranted 25 years. £3 15s; (456) Lady's t-plate Keyless Watch. by Rheas'', Church-street. warranted 25 years; (232) Gent's Gold Key- less Watch, by Platenur warranted 25 years, £3 3s; (2ao) Gent's English Lever Watch, by Russell, Church street, in massi is 18-ct. gold cases, warranted 25 years. £8 151 ; (237) similar lot. £9 15s ; (218) ditto, by Harris, £lO ; (212) ditto, by" Jones," 211 15s : (569) Five-stone Diamond Half-hoop. £2 15s ; (412) ditto, £2 12. 6d ; (437) ditto, £2 Ps 6/1. ; (652) DI %mond and Sapphire Half-hoop, £3 10s ; (107) ditto, £22 104 ; (108) £lB lOs ; (169) Five-stone Brazilian Half-hoop, £l5 : (393) aitto 2.35 ; (626) ditto, £3O ; (124) a magnifiaent Diamond Marquise ding £3); (599) a lovely Pearl and Diamond Ring, magnificent quality. £25 ; (596) Diamond and Emarald Half-hoop, £7 ; (102) Diamond • and Turquoise Half-hoop ; (648) Lady's Five-stone Opal Half-hoop. 18-ot, gold setting, 25. ; (453) Lady's Five-stone Half-hoop Diamond Ring. £5 16s ; 468) ditto. 25 5s ; (578). ditto. 27 10s ; (187) ditto, 29 98 ; (651) ditto. 212 101 •, (447) Gent's Single-stme Brozili.n Diamond Ring. £27 10s ; (101) ditto, £33 ; (89), ditto, £5O ; (589), ditto. £l6 10a ; (153). a Circular Diamond Pend nt. to form brooch, composed of the purest Brazilian Diamonds, a rare bargain, £55 ; (700) lovely Diamond :Itar. Brooch or Pendant. £33 lOs ; (555) anotoer, ; (3 8) pretty Diamond Ruby and Pearl Crescent Brooch. £7 ; (101) Unique Carved Opal Brooch, £2O ; (750) a Re sal Oriental Pearl and Diamond Necklace, £230; (17); Opal and Diamond Bracelet, fashionaale style, £l5 ; COO Diamond and Sapphire Cluster Bracelet, £l7 10s (166) Diamond and Ruby, isct. gold, stylish, £5; pretty Pearl Bracelets. from £1 103 ; a large s.lection of Bracelets, all genuine forfeited pledges ; (1178) Gent's saold AlLert. aovernment stamped each link, graduated curb pattern, very massive. 25, (1,109) dittn. £4 17s 6d ; (118) ditto,£2 15s; '1,334) ditto,. £3 3s ; (1.177) ditto ER 10s ; (1,318) Gent's Fashionable Fetter-link pattern, £2 14e ; (1.299) ditto, £4 ss; (1.317) £.3 ICs ' • (1.323) £2 13e . (1168) Gent's handsome fancy pattern 22 15s ; (124) 22 17s 63 ; (252) £2 lOs ; (1,204) £2 ss; (1.291) Lkent'a Solid Gold Curb Albert 21 bs, marvel- lous value.

It is admit'ed by the entire jewellery trade that we have the Largest Stock of Gold Albees In Liverpool. Over 1,1,00 to select from. Value undeniable.

SPECIAL OFFER.—A Gent's Solid Gold Albert. Govern- ment stamped each link, over one ounce.in.weight, £2 3s 6d.

Valuables of all kinds Purchased. Exohanketi,- Sold on Commission, or rereived (in a confidential manner) as Security for Cash Advances. Any of Olt, above forwarded on approval carriage paid to any address. Q.iote Number and Article. SEND FOR OUR MONTHLY LIT OF FORFEITED BARGAINS, POST FREE- Est sblished IE2I. Telephone 5,949. IIARRIS7.S, 28-30, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHOIR AT THE WORKHOUSE.

The inmatee of the Warrington Workhouse spent an enjoyable hour on Thursday last week its listening to a concert provided in the dining room at the Workhouse by the members of St- Paul's choir, A large number of visitors were present and they had an opportunity of witnessing the bright and cheerful surroundings. unier which the inmates live, despite the fact that they are con fined within the rather sombre pile of buildings known as tbe Workhouse. The ietroduction of the electric light has been a great improvinvint. The dimly- lighted rooms with their flickering gas jets have given place to the cheerful and refulgent light of electricity, and the change is one which amply- justifies the expenditure of the Guardians in this coo nectinn. Amongst those ereeent were the Mayoresa and Miss Roberts. Mrs Clay, Re. E R and Mrs Tarbuck, Mr A J inlley,Mr William Hickman,Mr Malkin,Mr Asheroft, Mr Ward, and Miss Ward. Mrs Ward (the matron) was unable to be present owing to ill-health, and her duties devolved upon Miss Ward who discharged them with taste and ability. rhe Cuareareas of the House Committee (Mr William Hickman) presided, an I in the Course of a few remarks Said it was only die to the friends who had come for- ward to entertain them that they should pass a vote of thanks to them. He was sure everyone present was , sorry to miss the matron (Mrs Ward) on that occasion ' and they deeply regretted that her absence was owing to the state ot her health. They were, however, pleased that Mr Ward and Miss Ward had heed present an 4 had done all they could to make the entertainment a success. (Anplauste). 1 An interesting programme of miscellaneous items was submitted. The choir very effinien,ly sang two cboruaee entitled" Excelsior" and " The Cuckoo sings in the Poplar Tree," and eight of the male members of the choir else contributed two part songs "Three Bumble Bees" and " Buss° Profundo." Mi.s Armstrong sang two solos "Sottish Blue Bells " and "Loch Lomond " bot of which were creditably rendered, and Miss Wilcox was ((pally succeesfel in her singing of" Robin Adair." Mr eherloek, Mr Smith and Mr Ratcliffe delighted the audi- ence with their solos and the two first named gentle- men also sang in the duet " Larboard Watch." The humorous items by Mr Wilcox were greatly appre- ciated, his singing of "I was underneath "and " Old Folks at Home" the latter with banjo accompaniment, being very popular with the inmates. Mr Wi ka, (L C M. the ceeductor of the choir, played the piano- forte aricompaniments. During a short interval Mr A J Jolley, as chairman of the Board of Guardians proposed a vote f thanks to the artistes. He pointed out that a great deal of additional work had devolved upon some of the officials of the house, particularly upon the Master and Miss Ward. Un- fortunately Mrs Ward had not been able to take 'hot active part which she had hitherto taken on an occasion of that kind. The Rev. H V Pigot, who was formerly chaplain at the Workhouse, desired him to convey his rood wishes for the success of the entertainment. (Applause.) He (Mr Jolley) was pleased to hear frem the applause that they had not for- gotten Mr Pipe.. BA also wished to inende in the rear- itrinn a vote of thanks to Mr Hickman whose genial presence nn the platform was always welcome. Mr Malkin eccensred, - - - -

Mr Aghernft sbpported and the recoTutinn was etrri,d with Pr thIlg'SQM.

The R. vE R Tarbuek acknowledged he compliment and state i that great credit wag due to Mr Wilkes fa, At- rangir g the enter ainment.They had to thank tbe Guar- dians tor the opportunity which ,had been offered them of giving the co-cert. They liked to feel they were de- log come good in this way beyond merely singing praises to God in church. They also liked to show that they had a little of the comic element amongst them and the lighter form of entertainment, renerally. They had to thank the Master and officers of the house for the arrangements in the house. fie was cure they felt sorry that Mrs. Ward was indiFposed. She was never so unhappy as when she was absent from her work and her I,eople in .the house, and nothing pleased her mor s than to see the inmates tt.oroughly enjoying themselves. He was aim, it was a great grief to her to be absent en that recasirn. - Mr. Tarbuck proceeded to pay a high core- p'iment to 91- Mayor and May( less and said they could do without the Mayor on that occasion since his better aalf—(laughter)--and Miss Roberts had Put in an appearance, lie also paid a compliment to Mr. Wilkes for his servicea.

_ Mr, WARD, the master, said the inmates hid been de- lighted with the entertainment. At the coneitpion of the concert, light rPfre.hmr.nts were partaken of by :he artistes and friends. The Rev E R Tarhuck toanked the Guardians for their hospital ity and facetiDusly remarked that although they had pone into the Workhouse emntc they had not gone effirt, awar. They were greitiv indebted to Miss WA rd who had tritc.o her mother's position that night and tmnace'' very well. - - . -

Mr llicKmAN 5,71.1 Mr A J JOLLEY hAving spokm the proceedince trrminAted.

WOULD Ire Li HAVE ~ ' SOFT VELV .. :. n ). ~.. ..i MI.-rely Is, ' remove ai: ill . ROUCT-INESS,CHAPS, TAN, IRRITATION, etc., ',;".. Bottles in a very short time. 6,,i . /vI.BEETHAM cs.',, SON' ra. l' 6d.,15.,and25.6. CHELTENHAV - , 1- ~... 4 1,

ETY . • se) • Ad ~. '-1-. 1 Le7l use :. „- t . r'' 11 6' . .iv f: •' , • . l''' AI • . "i• 11; , • t ' P ;.• will it -0.1 • ...a e, ! _ -

===== 0002601_19001221_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
((.r7irkhf.) TIIE HOUSE BY THE RIVER.

BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "7-e Secret of the Pearls," "The 110U80 by the . ,utk," "Queen Sweetheart," "The Larnstorniers," "Her Royal Highness," tor.

CHAPTER XXVII.

FACE TO FACE,

The restaurant was not yet open, though the employes were going in. Greatly moved and excited iy he marvellous resemblance of the living face to the dead one, and by the coincidence which had brought hiln tom' after the unavailing search of last night, Jack Churchil! waited. After a time that seemed long to him, the shutters were taken down, the front doors opened, as if to allow a fragrance of newly-made coffee to float out into the air.

Jack—the first customer of the day—walked in, his face almost deathly white under its brown coat of sunburn, his eyes dark with excitement. A plain, Jewish-featured girl came forward to serve him ; but he walked past her, further into the restaurant. The superintendent, a middle-aged woman with an ill-tempered, sallow visage, was evidently lecturing a slender, golden-haired girl for some misde- rneanour—a girl whose very back was so like Sybil Wade's that Jack Churchill hardly dared to speak lest a near view • her full face should bring -disillusionment.

"I beg your pardon, • he said, in slightly unsteady tones, addressing the superintendent. "I want breakfast. Is this yoling lady at liberty to bring me some toast and coffee ? " At the sound of his voice the girl turned quickly round, and, as their eyes met, for an instant the room grew dark to Jack. Sybil Wade was not dead; there had been some strange mistake, for this was she, and no other. She knew him, too, and a lovely rose-flush mounted to her forehead. "Mr. Churchill !" the girl stammered, and then looked as if she wished she had kept silence. "Great Heavens! It's really you; you're not dead! Thank God, you're not dead!" The words were uttered in a whisper. Nobody but Sybil could hear them, for the superintendent, with a lifting of her chin, had rustled away to scold someone else. The new customer wanted Miss Ward to serve him, and he could have Miss Ward. She wished him joy of her, for a more absent- minded, careless little wretoh, she had never had about the place. "Did you think I was dead? "asked Sybil, shyly. Then, seeing that all eyes were furtively fastened upon her and the young man, who still wore even- ing dress, though it was eight o'clock in the morn- ing. "Please sit down, and order your breakfast. If you don't, I shall be scolded, for we are not allowed to see friends, unless they come on—on business."

"How can I sit down and let you wait on me?" exclaimed Jack. "But—oh, well, if I must ! Any- thing—anything that's easiest to bring. Eggs— coffee—lots of things, that will keep you here, and give me a chance to talk. For I must talk. If you only knew what I have suffered, and now—to find you alive, as if it had all been some horrible dream I"

Sybil blushed deeply and her eyes widened in surprise. Jack's words had burst forth like a torrent that Wouldn't be stayed; he did not realise all they would reveal to her—but she could not help understanding a little—a very little—of what they really meant. It seemed wonderful that, after all, he had remembered her, that the mistake about her death—the strange, inexplicable inistake--haa caused him pain. To recover her self-possession, she hurried away to give the order for breakfast, and did not return until she *came gravely carrying a tray with steaming coffee, eggs, ,and toast. "Who could have started the story that I was dead ?" she whispered, as she set the dishes on the little marble-topped table. "It must have been some alp r girl with the same name, for evidently Lady Carstairs believed it, as —as my cousin, Gladys—" She stopped, remembering what had been post- poned until after the funeral." "I don't see how that is possible." said Jac*, gravely, "for, of course, they had both met you, so many times since that first night." Sybil shook her head. "Never since then."

Jack stared, bewildered. "But Lady Carstairs called on you the next day, after—after your father's death. And then she and Gladys have been so often to the nursing home-" "What nuriing home ? "broke in Sybil, blankly.

"Why, where -you were staying in the country- ; they never told me where, exactly, but they occasionally mentioned when I saw them in the evening having been out to you in the morning or afternoon, so I knew the place could not be far from town. And then-"

"But I've not been in a nursing home," stam- mered Sybil, utterly dumbfounded. "Lady Carstairs never came to. see me anywhere." _

Jack Churchill gazed t her, and could not speak. His very lips were white. "What does it all mean ? " he muttered,_ half under his breath.

"I don't know," echoed Sybil. "It is, indeed, like a dream. But all my life has been mystery and fear, fear and mystery, since the night I met you—the night my father died." "Will you trust me? Will you tell me ? " Jack implored, in a low, eager voice. "Not here—we can't speak freely; but, for Heaven's sake, don't stop in this place another moment. It's like sacrilege almost for you to be here ! Say to that uoman that you are going awly—now, instantly, and—"

"I can't do that," Sybil interrupted. "I'm only here till a girl whose people have been very, very kind to me can come back to work. She has been ill, but she's almost well now, and it is arranged that she returns this afternoon. If I should go, it would make the superintendent very angry, and perhaps—almost surely—she would visit my fault on poor Fanny Atkins. I must stay till afternoon, for her sake ; and besides "

But again she checked herself, and her cheeks were stained with carnation.

"Besides what? I beg that you'll finish, to shew, at least, that you are willing to trust me as your friend." "Ah, I do trust you—though things have hap- pened lately that have made me feel I could never again trust anyone on earth. But, somehow, you are different. I know I can trust you." "I'd gladly give my life to serve you," said Jack, forgetting Gladys, and letting his heart look out through his eyes. "Tell me what you were going say?"to. __ . .

"dilly that—l don't quite know what is going to become of me when I leave this place. But, of course, I shall manage somehow." "Your friends will manage for you." "I have no friends. I had one, who saved my life when I was in terrible danger a few weeks ago, but she has disappeared; and I think I am the loneliest girl in the whole world." "I must know something that has happened to you since that dinner at Lady Northmuir's," pleaded Jack. "There's a mystery that, for every- one's sake, must be cleared away; the sooner the better. I beg that you will grant me what I ask, for I want to be your friend, I want to be the one to help you—more than I ever wanted anything else in my life." Hester had earnestly warned Sybil to trust no one, and the girl's own experiences of late had certainly not encouraged her to thoughtless con- fidences ; but Jack Churchill, as she had said, seemed different from anyocie else in the world, and instinct told her that he was true as steel. She tried to realise that his interest in her must be entirely because of her cousinship with Gladys, who was to be his wife, but she could not always remember, as she hurriedly told her story, and watched the changing expression of his face; for sometimes it appeared as if he thought of her alone, not at all of Gladys. She made short work of the tale, relating it simply, dwelling more on the part which had con- cerned, first her father, then Hester, than that which had to do with herself. Jack listened with- out interruption to the end, but his eyes were blazing with a light which she could not understand. "It must seem to you almost as if I were mad," she said at last, rather timidly, "for the story is so strange, so absolutely incomprehensible. Yet I can't explain anything, for I don't see what is behind the veil of mystery any more than you do"

"But I think that I ain beginning to see," Jack answered.

"You really believe—in spite of its appearing so reasonless—that there has been a plot against us— Hester and me ? "

"I do believe it; a plot against your father and you, and this poor, brave Hester, because of what she did for you, because of what she knew and might tell if she chose. There are some things in the world, even in these days at the end of the nineteenth century, which are too strange not to be irtlA t and this is one of them." said jack. "Great

Heavens! What a plot! lam only just beginning to understand. But, by-and-bye, I shall see it all Clearly. Meanwhile, I want you to leave this piaci, now with me, and let me Lake you to friewt,. who will be true to you."

t now, please not now," pleaded 6f)il. "I must stay till Fanny Atkins comes bacl,—only till this afternoon. It would be ungrateful in me to selfishly do something which would set the super- intendent against her." "The woman can have any amount of money sha wants to let you go," said Jack. "Oh, don't look at me like that! lam your friend, and friends can do anything for one another. Besides, if lam not very much mistaken, there's a good deal of money that ought somehow to be yours—exactly how, I don't know—and some clay it /till be yours. 6`l-kp you see, .yon can pay back" any debts—if you il them debts—with interest.' .

'II wish it might be so ! " 'sighed Sybil. "I'd .ae to a, so much for liester-when she is found, and for the Atkinses, too. I couldn' !, offer to bribe the superintendent. It would only make things worse. And—and nob(rly here likes me very much; they would talk and say unkiad things. I must wait."

"When will your friend come?" asked Sack. "Perhaps about five or six o'clock, so that she will only have two or three hours' work before she can go home to rest twain when we shut up. To- morrow she expects to be strong enough, though, to go on as usual. "If I come bank here at six o'clock with a sweet old lady who will be next best to a mother," said Jack, "will you mo home with her and do exactly as she tel s you?" "Yes, it, ye," cried Sybil. "And now you must go, for 3ou have been very good, -pretending to eat your breakfast, and if you stay longer the superintendent and the gills will be even more curious than they are now." Jack rose reluctattly. He could hardly bear to leave her now that Heaven had so mercifully brought them together. But he had not the right to insist upon his will. -"I am afraid to go," he said, bluntly. "Your enemies have found you out before; they may again." "Oh, not here, lam sure she exclaimed. "I am lost; I have left no traces behind. Only. think I have been here more than a week, and perhaps they—whoever they are—may believe me dead, as you did." "More likely that they wish others to believe it," murmured Jack. But, as she said, it did not seem probable that "they ", (whose names he began to fear he could supply) had for the present lost track of her. In a few hours, if all went well, she would be safe from villainy, and the Damocles sword of punishment would be hanging over the heads of those who had injured her. "Good-bye, then, if you will have it be," he said, "or rather, au revoir." "Au revoir," repeated Sybil, smiling. He held out his hand and she shyly laid hers in his, to feel it'grasped as if he could never let it go. But .he did let it go at last. And in a few moments Sybil was gazing wistfully through the window at Jack Churchill's tall figure as once he looked back, and it seemed that their eyes met. "In a few more hours," he reassured himself again, little guessing what those few hours were to bring forth.-

CHAPTER XXVIII.

MSS MONSTANCE MARES A CALL.

Miss Monstance had not come to the ."Busy Bee" restaurant without mentally arranging a definite plan of action. She knew exactly what she •;-)tnted to do (thanks in part to a conversation lately held with Lord Carstairs), and from the moment of entering the door she set briskly about doing it. _ . _

There was one thing of which she wished to make sure before proceeding further, as she would look exceedingly foolish in the eyes of her employer if she brought him the wrong person. A glance round the room shewed her that she had come to the right place to find Sara Ward. But Carstairs had questioned Miss Monstance about the wearing apparel of the girl he wanted to find, and, showing her a torn, bit of serge, had asked if the Miss Ward who worked in the Addressing Agency had ever appeared in a frock of that material and that colour. Miss Monstance had assured him that Sara Ward never wore anything else, and then, with a look of satisfaction, he had given her the piece of stuff asking ber• to try and ascertain whether there was, or had been, a tear in the frock which matched the bit in shape. "Well, this is a surprise, Miss Ward!" exclaimed the young woman from the Addressing Agency, making her way to Sybil who had just finished serving an old lady. "Who would ever have thought of seeing you here? So you've left the agency as well 'as me ? " "Didn't you know I had left ? " said Sybil, flushed with the unpleasant surprise of beholding her old enemy. ' "Not I. My mother was taken ill. I gave in notice one Saturday and never turned up at the agency again. She's all right-now. But I'm not going back'for I've got a place as private secretary to a gentleman, and only work five days of the week. I've been shopping in the Fulham-road this morning, and I'm so hungry. Do bring me a cup of tea and a fried eep., there's a good girl, and don't look as if you tliought.l was going to eat you up. I was cross at the agency, I admit that now I'm out of it, but I was afraid you were after my place in the end, you were on such good terms with Mr. Robertson. I daresay I wasn't as nice as I might have been to you and Miss Carter, but I'm sorry now—l am, honest true. I hope you'll forgive and forget, as the saying is." She spoke so cordially that Sybil was disarmed, and felt guilty because her heart did not warm easily towards Miss Mons;ance. "If there was ever anything to forgive I've already forgotten it," she responded. "I won't be long with your breakfast." "There's a funeral to-day out at the house where my new boss lives," Miss Monstance slangily announced when Sybil returned with a tray; so I'm off on my own, though this is supposed to be one of may working afternoons. However, I shouldn't wonder if I went out there, anyhow, for I 'shall see some rather interesting people if I do. Mr. Smith's the name of my employer. He's an author and a friend of lots of swell people. Lord Carstairs is his most intimate, who's put one of his country places, called Carstairs House, at Mr. smith's service while he's writing a book. There's dear old housekeeper and lots of servants to look after him though the family haven't lived there for years, and the place agrees with him though it's said to be damp. Lately there's been an invalid there, though he saw nothing of her, hardly knew she was in. the house till she up and died a few day,s ago. This afternoon she'll be buried-in the old family vault, as. she's a poor relation of Lord Carstairs. And Lady Carstairs, the young lord's mother, with his sister, Miss Gladys Wade, are going out to the funeral. I'd like to see .Miss Wade, as she's supposed to be one of the great beauties of the day; going to marry a millionaire, too. Mr. Smith said I might came if I liked, He'd put me in a room where I could peep out and have a glimpse of what went on without any- one's seeing me. -Rather interesting, oh?" "Yes," replied Sybil, thotightfully. "Look here," exclaimed Miss Monstance, apparently speaking on impulse. "To show you that it's all right between us now I'll tell you what I'll do. If you can get away from here I'll take you with me if you like." "Thank you," said Sybil.. name of the girl who died?" "I think she was a Miss Wade, too."

"Do you know the

"Shall you see her face in the coffin before she's taken away to the church ? " "I can if I go out early enough before the grand neople come. Want to go ? " "I should if I could get away from here in time, but I know I can't do that. The girl whose place I'm taking, Fanny Atkins, thought this morning she could come in by five or six. But, of course, that would be too late."

"I'm afraid it would," returned Miss Monstance.!" "Too bad! I'd rather have you with me than go alone. 'When I finish my shopping I'll just pop in again, to see if by any chance your friend's come and you can get off." Sybil thanked her and the conversation came to an end, Miss Monstanee appearing deeply absorbed, in her tea and eggs. She Was thinking very hard, for though she had earned a hundred pounds, a second hundred depended upon getting the girl out to Carstairs House. As Sybil talked Miss Monstance-had stealthily produced the torn rag of serge, and, fingering cautiously. the folds of her ! companion's dress, as Sybil stood close to the chair' in which she was seated, she had found a neatly mended break. In texture and shape the bit of serge in her possession was most satisfactory as a match, and Miss Monstance was reassured. There ! was now no fear that Mr. Smith could wriggle out 0 his bargain by saying she had fixed upon the wrong person. EU had exactly obeyed all.his instructions, ginu

in case she should rind miss ward, and was pleased with the way in which she had done it. Her employer had not taken her into his confidence,. but ske "X&S shrewdly certain that his real name was much more distinguished than Smith, even if he were not Lord Carstairs himself. She was sure, too, that he had some more potent reason fox wishing to discover the whereabouts of Miss Ward than the stolen MSS. he had mentioned, but what- ever the reason might be it was not love. Some day, perhaps, she might learn, or at least guess the truth. But should there be anything "queer in the story" (as she expressed it in thought), she would never be safe in telling what she knew even for a reward. It would be wiser to hold her tongue, for she was playing catspaw, and rather a dark case might be made out against her. Her best plan would be to "lie low" and get what she could from her own principal. Now it would not do. to let the scheme fall through because Sara Ward could not leave her work until evening. The funeral, of which Miss Monstance had talked with "Mr. Smith," was the only excuse by which she could hope to lure the younger girl to this Carstairs House, therefore they must go in the afternoon. She must not let her- self appear too eager, however, or Sara Ward might suspect that her motive was something more than good nature. _ _ _ _

A little more reflection turned her mind in the direction of Fanny Atkins. She had already heard the name, and knew that the Atkins family lived in Rosemary-mews. Saying nothing to Sybil of her intention she paid her bill, bade/ Miss Ward good-bye till afternoon, much as Jack Churchill had done not so long before, and departed.

She went at once lo ktoseintu-y-me-a s, ascended to the upper floor occupied by the Atkitses, and, being admitted by a stout, middle-aged dame, announced herself as an old friend of Miss Ward, who had just been talking with her at the "Busy Bee." There was a great chance of a splendid situation as companion for Miss Ward if only she could get away early that afternoon and be presented to the lady before other applicants arrived. She (Miss Monstance) hadn't mentioned this to Miss Ward, lest in the end she should' be disappointed, merely asking if she could go out in the afternoon to a place called Carstairs House. Miss Ward had refused, as she could not get away in time; but one of the young ladies in the restaurant had spoken of Miss Fanny Atkins and Rosemary-Mews, so Miss Monstance had made bold to come and see if there was any hope that Miss Atkin's could run round to the restaurant a little earlier than she was expected and relieve Miss Ward, Kind Mrs. Atkins spoke to Fanny, and Fanny, who was really a good deal better, thought she might manage it. Miss Monstance expressed her- aelf delighted to hear this, but only begged that Miss Atkins wouldn't mention her having come round to make the suggestion. If poor little Miss Ward dreamt that Miss Atkins had not turned up at the restaurant early of her own accord she would never believe her kind friend was really well enough to work, and she would probably decline to go. Then she would lose the most splendid opportunity that a girl had ever had. The Atkinses, mother and ' daughter, admitted the justice of this remark, and it was decided that, immediately after the noonday dinner,' Fanny should present herself at the "Busy Bee" quite as if the impulse had come without prompting from outside. It was already nearly twelve, and by one o'clock Fanny promised to be at the restaurant. Primed with this good news Miss Monstance departed, occupying her time as best she could in two or three shops until nearly one. Then she returned to the ".Busy Bee," purposely appearing a few minutes earlier than Fanny Atkins was expected to arrive that no suspicion of collusion might arise. As she anticipated Sybil informed her that Fanny had not come; and having lingered a little on one pretext or another, pretended to be in the act of going when who should bustle in but Fanny Atkins I 'Now you can go with me, can't you ? " cried Miss Monstance, when the two girls had spoken together and ,Fanny had explained according to agreement. "If I do," said Sybil, "I must be here again by five o'clock, as about that time I—l expect a friend to call. I don't know where Carstairs House is, but you say it's in the country. Can Igo with you now and be back before five—surely?" "Surely," echoed Miss Monstance. "It isn't very far.' She had been particularly instructed to say, nothing about the river, and though Carstairs House was close to the river there was a way in, across a lawn from the high road, which gave but few glimpses of th,. river through closely growing trees. "Miss 'Ward" had been there before, Miss Monstance bad been told, and must not cuspect that she was being taken to the same place again; therefore she must go by an entirely iff rent, far leas circuitous rode, and Miss Monsiance knew precisely what this route was to be. Indeed, lest her memory should fail at a crisis, she had it all written down on paper. They drove to Waterloo Station, tork a train pat ready to leave for Kingston, and Otero Miss lionstance had been told to take a carria2e.

CT, be concluded.)

Telegraphic Address

Elastic Stockings Surgical Bandages. Abdo at nal Belts. Buy them from the or makers in Liverpool. SMITh a:SZ SOWS, 37, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better qu Ly at a lower p.ice than any othet tirrn in tat) trade.

ESTABLISIIED 1866.

Toiephoge: No 570. HOSPITAL TRAINED NURSES - • g . INSTITUVON. . -; > .L--c MA I.: AND FEMALE NURSES AND jj (/) .4 : ATTENDANTS. Z cu mEDicAL.SuRcicAL a MONTHIY NURSES t 3 suppuco TO THE 0 -Ct otic ti.) MEDICAL PROFESsioN, PUBIC ZI HOSPITALS Z • AND PRIVATE ILIES. < r-7 ' ' ' • • HOPE STR LIVERPOOL - : 'Nurses.'

lALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19001221_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
MMUS TREACHERY. 'LAID IN ZWART KLOOF.

EORGE G. FARQUHAR.

71eitis EVE, eh ? By jove, I hope I ver know another such wretched e had some pretty rough experiences Lnded in the Cape and felt none the n• them; but the last few weeks )cked all the "go" out of me corn- Just when I was beginning to make leadway, too! So it's Christmas is it ? Ugh! A terribly black Is it's likely to prove for South ,nyway I" Mg into a chair, Gerald Venn his hat on the table and fell to lating his boots ruefully. His ; were assuredly none of the t, nor had they cause to be. The been little more than two months 'ess, yet during that time success tccess had crowned the cunning I the Boers, whose forces, advancing and further into the heart of the gathered the disaffected Dutch to their —ranks as they pressed The pick of the Colony's manhood tantly risen to aid the British Les" in withstanding and thrusting invaders; but to the list of these )atriots the name of Gerald Venn been added. It was this fact—ever in his mind—which lashed and stung orselessly. _ _ _

row it's- crass selfishness beastly )tic, and all the rest of ft, not to lanteered when first the war broke iloquised he, frowning at his gaiters ;ing them petulantly with the riding- still held in his hand. "But what's to do? Every cent I possess is ip in the farm and. stock; and if I them to the tender mercies of the ow shall I stand a year hence? How hen, with never a sixpence to my ver expect Hilda to consent to— No wonder I've got the blues l" ode impatiently over to the window r.ed with unseeing eyes down the eeless valley, now baked and athirst torrid sun. It required a violent the imagination for any Englishman e that it could actually be Christmas a land quivering with heat, under Df molten brass. At the foot of the two miles away, nested the slum- tle town of Walenstad ; and beyond, 'ar distance, the bold peaks of the g Range rose against the skyline. is precious like my losing everything vent," Gerald. went on, with a mirth- ;l3. "The Free Staters crossed the at Bethulie and Norval's Pont over 1 ago, and they may show up here r now. The tale goes that they're the granaries of all loyalists who— what is it Jem ? " l's native " boy " entered the room. [le you gone out, bass," said he, ;• to a shelf on which, under the jar, lay a folded official-looking "man bring letter for you—

rigjat, Jem," replied Gerald. " oti& it when I came in. I'll glance it presently." I y after the Kaffir had departed, took up the letter and spread it

lie name of the Orange Free State nent," it ran, "you are requested to he Hoofdlaager (headquarters). at rg on Monday next, with a horse, ty rounds of ammunition and pro- for seven days. (Signed)—EßNST TR, Field-Cornet." I gasped. 1, for sheer infernal insolence this ,ake a lot of beating" he growled, ng up the paper in his fist. "That Lt! when it comes to being corn- red by a crew of beggarly Dutchmen time I stiffened my back in earnest. at's the last straw. To-morrow I'll it for the British camp at Naa,uw- ,nd offer my services. The farm, ;attle, and the whole bag of tricks to the deuce now for all I care I But leave I'd like to see Hilda once Who knows ?—it may be for the last I'll ride over and call on Padre d at once. There won't be another

mutes later he was cantering towards nship. At the bottom of a steep rise oad he slowed down to a walk, his ;inking fetlock-deep in the thick red dust. 'He had almost gained mill, when the sound of a woman's itched in a note of indignant expost- reached him from the further slope dge. me pass, sir!" it rang out, full of "How dare—how dare you force in my way. Stand aside, I say 1" Sw er there came a sardonic guffaw ausky retort which stirred Gerald • instant action. Spurring forward, Led no interpreter to explain the .; of what he saw. A squat-built, Hollander, his back to the approach- seman, had just snatched at the an affrighted girl who was deeper- Ting to fend him off with her die- hand. As the leering visage of her t was thrust closer to her, she sud- Lught sight of the oncoming rider. 3—help me!" she cried tremulously. E;rald, save me from this ruffian!" an oath the fellow released his hold, back just in time to escape the full af a slashing stroke from the butt of ; whip. The blow, glancing down his d even then however been dealt with t vigour to wring a bellow of mingled I blasphemy from his throat. ,oner had Gerald sprung from the 'Dent on continuing the castigation, s black-avised adversary made at 3th and claw, in a tempest of incon- ) fury. Discarding the whip, Gerald n with his own weapon bare

S. ;lit was brief and decisive. Skilfully ; off the sledge-hammer attack, anded with his right on the scound- est, following it up swiftly by a g blow from his left, on the point of thman's jaw. The man dropped like ox.

- miserable hound!" cried Gerald, the ted rascal making no attempt to rise. p, and take what's waiting for

no I " interposed the girl, alarmedly. flae away now, Gerald! Father is to see you about some important has just received. I was on my way to use with the message when this inan stepped out—and—and—Oh, let e him, Gerald The sight of him me." ;lung tremblingly to the young man's arm as he turned away and iorse by the bridle down the hill. hadn't known such a shindy could 6ve distressed you, Hilda," said he, r ; "I wouldn't have left that brute completed the lesson I've begun on on can only get at some people's honour through their skins, and z'esche is emphatically one of that He's notoriously the biggest scamp thole district—surly, blusterous and nine, or humble and cringing, as best purpose. A regular bad lot who'd e better for a thorough trouncing." ,o bear witness to his own character, -.:ous menace of Fesche himself was the hot air to their ears: mel's blue but you shall pay dear ! Yours to-day—mine to-1140%413w. vait, you verdomte Englisher !"

===== 0002601_19001221_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 11. 'GEE both Hilda and Gerald affected to

4 CO( IA is absolutely pure, beinz entir,ly free nalt, lions, alkali, or any fore,gn admixture 'be publie should insist on having CADBURY'S n Packets and Tins—as oth-r Clueois are often :or the fake, of extra prat.—Advt. (4)

===== 0002601_19001221_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PNAMIWINI/4 • - •••71 •,r - NtSti.

treat eincident lightly on their arrival at - Padre Maynard's house, yet the old clergy- man's kindly face gave token of his pertur- bation before the story had been half told. "I'm sorry now," said he, "that I was not more insistent upon Hilda's departure •to Cape Town when the danger first threatened. . it, I considered it my duty to stay here, to help and counsel my people in the dark hours that have come upon us, still there was no such necessity on Hilda's part. Yes, I regret now that I ever yielded to her entreaties to remain by my Side through the-"

"Please don't go over all that again, father," interrupted his daughter, laugh- ingly. "Why, you are not yet even quite recovered from your recent illness. How could I have had the heart to leave you all alone? It would have been wicked, inhuman of me. And what a dreadful Christmas I' should have spent, safe myself, yet con- stantly worried with fears and anxiety about you, father. I could not have borne it! It would have been worse—a thousand times worse—than anything I can possibly suffer here, so that I am near you. Besides, even if you had persisted I should have refused to go. So long as you stay in Walenstad, so Long will I stay, too. There, now ! " "-I'm afraid you have no choice to-day, dear," added her father, smiling at her vehemence. "It would be all but impossible for anyone to quit the town without the express sanction of the Free State leaders." "How's that?" Gerald put in, startledly. "The place is not yet in Boer hands, any- way." "No, but it is hemmed in on every side," Mr. Maynard replied. "Owing to its exposed situation, Walenstad is incapable of effective resistance even if there were any forces or armaments available for its protection. It may be occupied by the invaders at any time now. In fact, I gather that Command- ant Klein is marching this way and will probably enter the town on Monday at the latest. Meanwhile the Depeview Command() has swept round to 'the west, cut the tele- graph, and thrust in a wedge of burghers between us and Naauwpoort. So to speak, we are almost as completely isolated as is Kimberley itself—only, of course, there is no 'need for a siege here." "By Jove! that's unpleasant news to *ar, ' cried Gerald, uneasily. "And it's not all the tidings I have to tell you, either," the padre went on, quickly; nor, perhaps, the most vital." By this time, night rapidly closing in, the lamp had been lit 4nd placed on the table. The window itself, near which Mr. Maynard and his visitor were sitting, was not shut although the outer jalousies had been drawn together, thus allowing the cool air to pass freely into the room. Hilda, - leaving the two men to their chat, hurried off to the kitchen to superintend the preparations for supper. "It was this further news that I particu- larly wanted to discuss with you, Gerald," said Mr. Maynard after a slight pause. "Soon after midday a Basuto runner brought me a. couple of letters from Mr. Wilbert, the resi- dent magistrate at Maysheim—one addressed to myself, and the other to the General Officer in Command, at Naauwpoort Camp.' " "But Maysheim has been held by the Boers for some time past, and Mr. Wilbert is virtually a prisoner there!" "Precisely. They keep a strict watch over him, and, have forbidden him to leave the town; yet his personal freedom is only restricted with those limits. And that free- dom he has used to considerable profit in ascertaining the numbers, equipment, and strategicalintentions of the Republicans. The result of his secret investigation he well knew would be of incalculable value if he coukl only get them through to the British general. Ultimately one of the natives undertook to deliver the document to ME here • and this hazardous task, by great good luck and after many narrow squeaks, he has successfully carried out. So far, so good." Mr. Maynard opened an escritoire and drew forth a thin roll of papers. "Here we are ! " said he. "And now the question is—how am I to forward them past the cordon of Boers to Naauwpoort? 01 course Mr. Wilbert did not forsee that might be in much the same sort of fix as he himself. There are few men hereabout who could be trusted with such a mission, and fewer still who would care to attempt it, seeing that failure and capture would in- evitably mean instant death as a spy. Time presses, too. The enterprise will become more impracticable as soon as the enemy occupy Walenstad itself."

Geld stopped thrumming upon the chair with his fingers, and flashed a keen look into the speaker's expectant face. "I quite follow you," said he, calmly and resolutely. "Yes, ni make the attempt. Now—to-night!" Leaning forward, the padre clasped the young fellow's hand warmly. "I knew I could rely on you, my boy," he murmured, with feeling. "Had I been in a fit condition to undergo a thirty-mile ride myself, you would not have had the option. But if it can be done at all, you are the very man to pull it through. You are fs,miliar with every inch of the country, have a head on your shoulders, and a physique tough as whipcord. By carefully mapping out the route to be traversed, I firmly believe the thing is feasible."

Orthe various suggestions made during the next quarter of an hour it is unnecessary •to speak in detail here; suffice it to learn that eventually Gerald decided to direct his course to the northern spurs of the Zuurberg Mountains, across the open Karoo and well to the east of the Boer laager —avoiding the bridge over the Oorlogs Spruit, which was sure to be jealously guarded—and thence feeling his way cautiously round the enemy's outposts. "By keeping to the track through the Zwart Kloof, just beyond Vanderst's Farm." Gerald concluded, "I shall be pretty well screened from the the sharpest of eyes for a good part of the ride, especially if the night turns out fairly black- Once on the far side of the Oorlogs—which is fordable at most points in this dry season—the rest of the journey ought to be plain sailing." "Very true," was his companion's com- ment. "Then you'd better put these dis- patches in your pocket at once. Mr. Wilbert tells me he has not appended his name to them lest they should fall into the wrong bands; but you will be able to guarantee their genuineness if any question should be —Hark! What on earth was that?" A faint grating noise, as of a stealthy footfall on the stoep (verandah) outside the window, was quickly followed by a dull thud on the gravel beneath. "By thunder ! " ejaculatt Gerald. "An eavesdropper ! " He darted to the casement, flinging wide the shutters and craning his neck out over the sill. This way and that he peered through the darkness, seeing no movement but the swaying shadows of the trees and shrubs cast by the new-risen moon, hearing nothing save the gentle rustle of their leaves. Withdrawing his head, he spun round to find Hilda standing ashca-lipped in the doorway. " Oh, father !" she gasp- !. disjointedly. "Someone—just now—ran p:;.st the kitchen window! He jumped over the fence at the end of the garden.' "You recognised him, Hilda?" " I—l thought so, father. His repulsive race has seemed to haunt me all this day. But, perhaps I was mistaken. After all, I could not be sure, it was too dark to see distinctly; and I merely caught a glimpse of hint as he rushed past. The suddenness of it startled and frightened me." "Poor child !" responded the minister, caressingly. "You are overwrought and fanciful to-night, I fear. Better get off to bed directly after supper; a sound sleep will rob you of all such foolish imaginings. As to the prowler, whoever he may be, we'll trouble our heads no more about him. I'll be bound it was some unconscionable rogue after my water-melons again!"

===== 0002601_19001221_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
To MOTH w.—Mo.. Winrlow's Soothing Syrup hits been used for neer fifty yearE by fuli!inns of tnother; for their 3hildren while teethiluz. with perfect muc^ess. IL will relieve the poorsufn,rer hurnedi,ty It it I.lea,4fft ti) taste ; and produces nalt.r.l rvie, oy rel!evng the ehild from pain vnd the ,nerub awn:ots "a b,ight v.s a button." Of all Chemists Is li per bottle. ,Advt.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
X A

A dozen miles or so from Walenstad lies the Zwart Kloof, a deep—scarped defile in the Zuurberg foot-hills, boulder-strewn and interspersed with clumps of vaal brush, its southern end opening on .the banks of the Oorlogs River. A radiant moon threw the eastern slope into black shadow, its serrated crest being thus projected in clear-cut out- line against the base of the opposite bluff. Drear, sombre and desolate, a spot subtly in keeping with the ruthless crime of which it was to become the scene this Christmas morn.

Midway down its length, immediately above the tortuous path, crouched Jakob Fesche—a rifle resting on his knees, his eyes and ears sharply alert. An hour or more he must have lurked there, when of a sudden he tightened his clutch on the gun-barrel and poked its grim muzzle round an angle of his shelter. A series of metallic clicks, the ringing of iron shoes on stone, grew louder and nearer minute by minute, until out of the darkness there bulked the vague shape of a horse and its rider, picking their way along the valley at a slow foot pace. At a point not more than twenty yards from where Fesche lay, the horseman's figure, sharply silhouetted against the moonlit background, offered a conspicuous mark. And Fesohe ifulled the trigger. With the report of the weapon, the horse stumbled to its knees, recovering itself to rear and plunge violently before finally wheeling round and tearing back frantically towards the head of the kloof. But it went riderless! On the ground Gerald Venn lay motionless, his pallid face upturned to the stars and a thin black stream trickling down it from the wound in his forehead.

"That settles your score, at any rate, you cursed rooinek snarled Fesche, stooping over the lifeless body. "And now I'm free to scrape what profit I can out of it. First, the letters I "

He plunged his hand inside Gerald's coat and transferred the all-important package of papers to his own pocket, supplementing it with whatever cash and valuables be could put his avaricious fingers on. Then, clamber- ing down the ravine to where his horse had been hobbled, he loosed it and vaulted into the saddle. Soon he was galloping over the veldt in the direction of the Boer camp at Oorlogs Pont, nine miles away. Fully half the distance had been covered— Fesche inflating his pride with thoughts of the praise, flatteries and favours with which his devotion to the cause would be recog- nised by the Boer Commandant—when he was vividly struck by a fresh idea, whereby he might secure a reward of a more satis- factory and tangible kind. Why should he be fobbed off with mere empty thanks when; by carrying the papers straight on to Naauwpoort, he could get gold—much gold— for them?

"The English General will pay any price I ask," he ruminated, craftily. "What's to stop me? If one man hoped to slip through safely, so can another. Ach, it's worth the risk—l'll do it!"

Scarcely had he pulled his horse rlund, however, before a peremptory challenge in guttural Dutch sang out on the night air. Stricken with acute fear, his alarm augmented perhaps by reason of the doubly traitorous game he had in contemplation, Fesche bent down close to his nag's body, rammed his heels into its flanks, and bolted in headlong panic for his life. Behind him he heard the rapid patter of mounted men in pursuit—a sound ere long succeeded by the harsh crackle of Mauser rifles and the vicious "phut-phut I" of their bullets.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER IV.

Meanwhile there had been other happen. ings in Zwart Kloof. Jakob Fesche was not the unerring marks- man he plumed himself on being, inasmuch as his shot, instead of making a bole in Gerald Venn's skull, had really only taken a snippet off the rim of his horse's ear. In its subsequent stumble and wild bucking:4 the frenzied brute had unseated its rider, whose head had struck against one of the ironstone rocks as he crashed heavily to earth. Stunned and inert, he lay there like one already dead. But he was worth any number of eoffined men yet. Within a few minutes of Fesche's disappearance from the Kloof, Gerald re- gained consciousness and struggled up on his elbow. Still numb and half-stupel, he had not yet accounted far his present sorry predicament before a clatter of hoofs caused him to look round in perplexity. Two horses were crossing the white belt of moonlight below, the bridle of one held by the woman who rode the second animal.

Even at that distance, despite his aching eyes, Gerald recognised all three—his own chestnut, Hilda's pony, and—Hilda herself In a little while the girl was kneeling beside him, full of pity, care and womanly tenderness.

"An awkward spill I've had, nothing more," said Gerald in reply to her anxious inquiries. "If it wasn't for the buzzing in my head I should be as right as—But you, Hilda—you here! What does it mean ?" With the intuition of a born nurse, Hilda put aside his questions until she had assured herself of the slightness of his injuries; then, as she staunched the blood and bandaged his gashed forehead with her handkerchief, she made answer:

"This is all Jakob Fesche's evil doing! I know—l feel certain of that, Gerald." Her words brought Gerald's memory back to him, and with it a whirl of harassed thought. He staggered erect and clapped his hand to his breast pocket. "The papers—gone ! ' he groaned, aghast. "I remember now. That scoundrel must have stolen them from me. It was all a murderous trap to kill and rob me of them." "I feared as much—l dreaded it," said Hilda shuddering. "When father, soon after you had started, told me of the under- taking you were engaged on, the recollection of that man's skulking near the house came back at once to my mind. What if he had really been listening to your plans and arrangements all the time? I knew he would stop at nothing to do you harm, Gerald. I dared not mention my suspicions to father, for he could have done nothing to :help or warn you. Yet my fears were not to be set aside. I knew it would be impossible for me either to sleep or rest until—and—and so I followed you myself!" "But your fatherr" "die does not know—he would not have let me go. After bidding him good-night I slipped out of the house instead of going up to my room, saddled the pony and rode my hardest—hoping to overtake you and urge you to follow a different route from the one you had fixed op. I thought Fesche would probably gallop ahead to betray your plans to the Boers, so that they might waylay and cut you off. I fancied that that was what had actually happened when, near Vanderst's Farm, I saw your horse trotting back home without you. He recognised my voice and came whinnying to me when I called." "By Jove, Hilda!" cried Gerald, in un- feigned admiration. "For downright nerve and grit you're a girl in a million! It's a pity such pluck should be wasting in lae,dling a blind ass like myself out of the hole I've blundered into." _ _ _ _

"Don't, Gerald—don't 1" protested she, quaveringly. "Besides, you are not out of danger yet. At any moment Fesche may bring the Boers uponus ." "1 warrant they'll be in no vast hurry to pay their respects to a corpse. Why should they? And the nearest of them must be miles away, or they'd have swooped down like vultures on bearing Fesche's shot. But still, you're right, Hilda. The sooner we clear out of this gruesome den, the better. Let me help you into the saddle—so! Now we can ride back together." "Oh, no—no !" interposed Hilda quickly. "I am going back, as I came—alone. I insist, Gerald. No, I won't listen! Aftel what has occurred, your life would be even less safe in Watenstad than if you took your chances and pushed on for Naa.uwpoors to-night."

FLASTIC KNER CAPS, &C. —Po, Varicose Vs' aryl Poi eases ol W.-. knees and Swelling of th- TA-ge, Sprain ; they nre porous. light in texture, au.i in,xv.eneive, an are drawn on like an ordinary stocking•--Vriees 4e. 6rl 7s GO. and 103.6 i. each.—Posta,eo fr-e.—WHITP". AND WRIGHT. Surgi,al Instrument and Tr.ie Tker, 93, Ren- ehaw-etreet, tap of Bo!d-etreet, Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HE

CHAPTER 111.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
iNEI;, FRIDAY, DECEMBER

Gerard saw her resolution was -Wei 'CO TM shaken. Beneath the seeming wilfulness of an impulsive girl, he fancied at last he could divine the real emotions which had moved her to such daring and self-denial. And his heart grew buoyant within him. "Believe me, Hilda," said he, gravely; "but for one thing I should have left Walen- sLad weeks ago. It was solely the thought of being near you if troubles befell, the readier to guard you from every—" "Yes, Gerald—l think I understand," murmured she, softly. "Yet you were wrong to hesitate. There was far greater need for you elsewhere—a higher call upon your strength, your courage and your loyalty. And now it is I who bid you fulfil that claim—if for none other, then for my

sake." "Hilda, three minutes ago I thought this day was likely to be the blackest the world could have in store for me. But now I dare to hope it will turn out the luckiest Christ- mas that ever dawned—" " Perhaps—l trust—for both of us," added his companion, in a whisper. "No, do not delay a moment longer. Go, go now, Gerald! And God grant this bitter strife may soon be at an end." Gerald pressed her hand to his lips in farewell, and stood aside with bowed head until the darkness had hidden her from view. Then, swinging into the saddle, he turned his horse's head southward again. Owing to his intimate knowledge of the Locality, coupled with the extreme caution and vigilance he exercised on the journey, Gerald did not fall in with a solitary soul before he ultimately drew rein at the impera- tive " Halt ! who comes there?" of the British picket outside Naauwpoort. Subsequently he was enrolled as a trooper in Major Rimington's Scouts—a strenuous band whose usefulness, dash and gallantry during the campaign are now matters of history. Any anxiety he may have felt as to the welfare of Hilda and her father was set at rest on New Year's Day by their appearance in the British camp with other refugees who had been accorded safe-conduct from Walen- stad on the occupation of that dorp by Commandant Shortly afterwards, in spite of the demands of his new duties, Gerald managed to find an opportunity for explaining to her father how affairs, stood between him and Hilda. Mr. Maynard, smiling, held out his hand. "I'm glad it is so," said be, earnestly-. "There's no man breathing to whom I'd rather entrust my little girl's happiness. After the war—and Heaven send that you come safe out of it—we must lose no time in setting the wedding-bells achime. I warrant you'll fight none the worse for having some- thing personal to win at the end of it, eh, Gerald? Fight, say I! Why, when I saw those Transvaalers marching into Walenstad the other day, I felt almost like shouldering a rifle myself. However, all things con- sidered, I suppose I ought to deem myself fortunate in getting clear of the town with a whole skin.' Indeed, the padre might reasonably have looked for more embarrassing attentions from the Boers had they ever suspected his share in the attempted transmission of Mr. Wilbert's letters. Why they did not is sufficiently clear from the subjoined cable- gram, extracted from the London news- papers of a week's later date. As will be seen, the communique came originally from the Transvaal capital—then, of course, still the headquarters of ex-President Kruger :- ‘‘ PRETORIA. (via Lourenco Marques). "A dispatch from Colesberg states that early on Christmas morning a man was shot dead by a patrol party of the Depeview commando while he was trying to pass through the Federal lines near Oorlogs Pont. He has since been identified as a resident of Walenstad, one whose sympathy in the cause of the Republics has long been under suspicion. From important papers found upon his body there can be no doubt he had been acting as a spy in the British interests."

===== 0002601_19001221_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
BELIEVING IN THINGS.

The wounded man in the Bible story believed in the Good Samaritan because the latter, finding him half dead by the wayside, carried him home to an inn and had him taken care of.

People are continually saying of one thing and another " Oh, I don't believe in it." " I haven't a particle of alai in it," and so forth and ,n on. Well, whether one is justified in that sort of talk or not depends on circumstances. If the thing, what(tver it may be,is a proved '!raui or hutnbug,no sensible person will believe in it. Ic were a pity if you did, for a whole string of reasons that you can think of as well as I can.

But imagine that individual, or an article, has in some viav conferred a distinct benefit on you, or on soar - body you know of then, wouldn't you 'believe in him, cr n

Bolding you to be an intelligent and riEbt-diinded human being, lam n safe on answering the qtr-stion for you, So I put you cu record here as having said" Yes, of course I would !"

Very good then. We agree as to the point t') he se ttlr d, arid may now introducis Mr. R. Mills Sim, of 2, West Mary Street, Arbroath. AT% Sim is a young married man, and holds an impor- tant place on the local Er2wiptper. He is well-duzated, an knows the meaning of woc is as will as the editor of the London " Times," or a leaoing memb3: of Parlia- ment.

"J believe in Mother Seigo..'s Syrup," says Mr. Sim, in. a letter dated 19th of March this year (19G0), " because I have frequently been picked up and put on my feet by Rather more than two years ago 1 was alarmed by a feeling of oppressirn and keen pain over the region of thetieart. Sometimes it mado me c etch my breath. I was particularly tad after meals, and ocoasionaliy the sense of suffocation was so great that I almost fancied tbreath was going out of rme altogether. " Thinking my smart itself was wrong in some way, I consulted a doctor, who said my ailment was not of the heart, but of indigestion—a sharp attack of dyspepsia. " Ee sent me a bAtle of medicine, bu:, I didn't use it. I had heard of so many people being cured of indiges- tion by Mother Seigel's Syrup, that I used that, and about two bottles set me right—a clear saving of time and money. " The follow ing Ncvembsr I was shut up in the house for Ell St Et ks by an cnst-t of sciatica, resulting frcrn it ..flueLza. Itie pain was inteuse ; it nearly drove me fiantio.

" Iteascning that the mcdieibe which cured the indi- geation =Olt cure the 6ciatica, I began taking Mother Seiger. Syrup again. It did the i.uEinups. I went back to my work and haven't had a twinge sine. " Tnat is a by! bctieve in Syrup, and swear_ by it."

===== 0002601_19001221_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WAGON COVES

MADE FROM

===== 0002601_19001221_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FLAX CANVAS

KEPT IN TOCK.

Ft.long Ps, wide. s. d. 8 by 6 ... 0 9 0 9 „ 6 ... 010 0 10 „ 7 ... ... 013 6 12 „ 018 13.1 „ 9 15 „ 10 ... 8 0 1611- „ 11 ... 1139 18- „ 12 ... 2 0 0 18 „ 14 ... 2 6 9 19j „ 14 ... ... 210 6 21 „ 14 ... ... 2146 21 „ 15 18 6 Iniuding Tabs, Eyelet. Holes, Ropes,‘ Lettering, &c.

CARRIAGE PAID.

1-3[055/1511R.13' s, 35, REDOROSS STREET, LIVERPOOL,

Telephone 2339.

EstatEshcd 1849.

A

With warm Rhampoos of COVICITTIA SOAP and light dressings of CUTICUP.A, purest of emollient rkin curer,. treatment at once stops falling hair, removes sc,des, and dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surf:toe, stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots with ener;,-,.,y and nourishment, and makes the c•row when all else fails.

SOM h:7 C ht,7114.. PrCP. SlAr, Th., OIN7,IN.NT. 211. Cd., or P.,,tonH by F. Nr.wilfirY gr SONS. London ,E. C. Po'.;:•:;..-3 Cpr.P.. Sole Props.. Bcaton, U. S. A.

- - '' o\''' -----1,--, - • &'" ) i ". '''.:` '''':- - -ko ~.§ ....‘ 04 *,-.7c. . 4 - j,..?- , , 44, ~. %4%,,,...,,..., Z,:i: • '• - , 44497- 1 ~.,,....t.:.. 6 • .. ~, . , „...„. !.. ~-, - .k„,..„A ; „ , . A .1 i:::• (-- ~1 . .-,,i1 ~ 'ljir H A ilJe nO- -f: zapign Lw ri

OW

===== 0002601_19001221_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
21, 1900

NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES,

ETC.

Mr. F. Marion Crawford's new story," In the Palace of the King," is one of his best; taking con- centrated interest and rapid action as the main characteristics of a novel it is perhaps his best, for surely there was never more incident crowded on the pages of romaimsM lifette of, happenings compressed in SO 'Short a perkier. It is one of Mr Crawford's peculiarities to write a story brimful of everything the reader wishes, and yet cover no loager a period than a few days or boars. "In the Palace of tale King,' is a striking example, for the whole novel begins, has its being and ends in the course of one night. If you consider this fact when reading the story then it is a drawback,for the mind refuses to believe in the possibility of such a whirl- wind of passion and pathos being experienced in the time, and there is cons-3quently a constant mental effort to credit it, to the detriment of the author's word. But pick the novel up with the sole idea of obtaining enjoyment, settle down com- fortably to peruse and you will soon be head over heels in the fortunes of Don John and Dolores di Mendoza, whose world is the Court of the Spanish King Pnilip 11. The title of the story is correct even in detail for the royal habitation of King Philip is never left for an instant. Fortunately it is vast enough to accommodate the plot‘and incident of Mr. Crawford's novel. It is purely a love story,the old, old story of love battling against odds and winning in the end, but there is no mawkish sentimentality about the lovers. Their passion is the passion of the Middle Ages described with a simpleness and force which create a deep impression on the mind of the reader. The characters on the stage are ex- cellent, the picture of the crafty unscrupulous king being drawn with a master-hand. There is not a dull page "in the Palace of the King ' and the reader who can put it down before coming to a reluctant step at " the end" must indeed be cold- blooded. There are some very suitable illustrations from the pen of Fred Roe, and the book is turned out in the style one expects from Messrs. Mac- millan's six-shilling series, Miss F M Peard's new story "Number One and Number Two" deals with the complicated love affairs of a charming but wilful heroine. Her first lover has proved faithless, and she is taking her [revenge on other adorers when she comes to Egypt and finds Number One has fallen under a cloud and enlisted under a feigned name. Number rwo is sent by her in search of him and nurses him through a dangerous illness in a remote Nile village. Unfortunately Number Two does not realise that the heroine now has only resentment for the man she first loved, and it is only after many misunderstandings that his devotion is re- warded.—There are charming descriptions of Egypt and of Gibraltar, where the story ends happily, for everypne. It is well-written and pleasing. (Macmillan and Company, 65.) Messrs. Macmillan and Co., have commenced a uniform edition of Mr F Marion Crawford's novels at 3s 6d, the first from the press being" Mr leaacs," the brilliant story of Indian life which won Mr Crawford his initial success. There are few countries which Mr. Crawford has not written of since then, and Ile seems equally at home in them all. His series of Italian novels is one of the finest contribu- tions to present day fiction from any author, while America, Germany, Sicily, Russia, Arabia, and this country all owe Mr. Crawford something for the studies he has made of them and their peoples. In short the series will be an encyclopmdia of miscel- laneous and interesting humanity in all times and places, and in addition a collection OT perhaps, on the whole, the most readable novels that have been published in our generation. Rhoda Broughton is usually styled a girls' writer with something more complimentary than con- temptuous in the description. We suppose it is necessary for girls to read as well as other people, and they are exceedingly well catered for by Miss Rhoda Broughton,who provides them both quantity and quality. Her latest production is " Foes in Law ' (Macmillan and Co.' 6s) and very entertain- ing reading it is. Lettice Trent, the heroine, is a conventional but essentially human maid with an elder brother as guardian. The latter so far forgets his guardianship as to marry the most flighty and flippant of beauties, with the result that in addition to becoming sisters-in-law, the two girls became "foes in law." There is nothing serious happens— Miss Broughton can dispense admirably with tragedy,—but the story does not lack incident or fall short of being graphic in every detail. Our lady readers will find much in it that appeals to their , interest and emotion, -

It is not often that we find millionaires entering in all seriousness the field of fiction, but there is at least one of them with courage enough to do so. , and that one is Mr. William Waldorf Astor. Unkind people might say, perhaps, that not much courage is required when millions are behind, but that is not the point at all. Mr. Astor has written some- thing for us to read, and he must not mind it he is criticised by his readers. To begin with, much of the merit of "Pharaoh's Daughter," (Macmillan and Co., 65.) and other stories, seems to be in its out- ward appearance. There is gilt on the cover, gilt on the edges of the pages, and exceedingly taste- ful illustrations on the best art paper inside. The book is an undoubted triumph of letterpress, and there are several of the stories which are not with- out merit. Their author has a style of his own and possesses a fluency of laeguage which stands him in good stead, but beyond quaintness and novelty the stories are far short of what they should be. There is a striking lack of plot and imaginative power and without these two elements a short story, no matter how nicely phrased, is colourless and weak. "Monsieur de Neron " has more in it of the dramatic than the others, but even this seems to be incomplete and lack a fitting de- wit:erne/7f. Whether Mr. Astor is striking out a ntw line of story-writing we do not know, but he would do better to keep to the old-fashioned type anti give what imagination and constructive ability be has full play. "Peace on earth and goodwiil to men " is the one universal precept at this time of the year, and on this ground perhaps there may be something to attract the reader in "Truths, New and Old," a volume of sermons by the Rev J M IVilson, M.A., vicar of Rochdale and Archdeacon of Manchester. (Archibald Constable St Co., Os.) The author seems to think it necessary to be a bit explanatory with regard o this volume and says," I am vicar of a church in whose porch I have placed a board with the Names and dates of all the vicars for 700 years. How greatly we should value a volume of ordinary parochial sermons preached by my predecessors of 100,200, 300 years ago in that pulpit! how inter- esting it would be to trace the continuity of sub- stance and the change of form!" A sounder reason is that which follows—that the younger clergy may learn the sort and range of sermons to which Lan- cashire working people will listen with interest and profit. The sermons range over a great variety of topics and are always clear in style while possessed of considerable eloquence which appears natural to the author. If they do not all convince their is ample food for thought in them and there purusal ought to be generally beneficial. "The Troubadour," a small volume of selections from English verse by Phillip Gibbs, is a very timely and pleasing production from the press of Messrs Cassell. We all know what a troubadour was in the ancient days—the thrice-welcome indi- vidual who with his harp slung on his back and his music in his wallet tarried at castle and cottage as the inclination moved him or tbe exigencies of travel ordained. His songs were of many kinds, of heroic deeds, the beauties of nature, the glories of

measure it performs the task undertaken by them. The poetry is of the best, the selections are admir- able, and wherever the volume finds its way it ought, and we believe will, be as welcome as the troubadour of old. It has lays and lyrics for monk moods, and fittingly at the present time in the forefront are placed the ballads God, of honour, courage, self-sacrifice and love, and they neanly always lingered long in the nieuiory of even the most uncultured hearers. Mr Gibbs' little volume has been celled" the Troubadour " as a tiny tribute to the old wandering minstrel, and in some which appeal to patriotism and loyalty. The suit- ability of the contents of .the book M. recitation should not be lost on either teachers or scholars, and, as the editor hopes, the learning by heart of noble poetry may be a cure for the cockneyism and slovenly pronunciation of the present day. The December number of the "Windsor Magazine " Once more eclipses all records. In addi- tion to a splendid supplement of a six-shilling novel. "Mistress Dorothy Marvin," by the popular author, J C Snaith, the magazine contains an unusually interesting pictorial feature, consisting of an apcount of Mr SE Waller and his work, profusely illustrated with reproductions, on special art paper, of his most famous canvases, such as "The Empty Saddle," "The Day of Reckoning," 'One and Twenty," and "The Challenge." Among the liter- ary contributors to this " marvellous shilling's worth." are Sir Edwin Arnold, H Rider Haggard, Guy Boothby, Israel Zangwill, E F Benson, Robert Barr, E Phillips Oppenlaeina, Barry Pain, and Halli- well Sutcliffe; while a new serial story, "The Whirligig," by Mayne Lindsay, is full of movement end excitement, and seems likely to prove one of the most striking books of the coming year. The artists employed on this magazine are as celebrate' . as the writers already quoted. " Cassell's Magazine "is well to the fore with a Christmas double number of surpassing excellenbe. Gratis with it is a handsome presentation pier e in Rernbraridt photogravure of Mr G Harcouree pic- ture "Good-bye," and several other choice pictures in similar style are interleaved with the fiction pages of the magazine. The numher contains the opening chapters of a new serial by the popular editor, Mr Max Pemberton, entitled " The Giant's Gate,' a tale oi Paris and embodying a scheme for the capture of London. Such swell-known character as General Mercier and oth3rs are introduced in the first in,talment which promises well for an excep- tionally powerful story. rialliwell Sutcliffa com- mences a series of exciting tales of Prince Cearlie's times and adventures, under the heading of " The White Cockade." Other contributors are Sir Walter Besant, Q., 8 R Crockett, E H Cooper, CV Godley, G Manville Fenn, Robert Barr, the late Stephen Crane Le Queux, T P O'Ooririor, M.P., and J Workman, The magazine is capitally illustrated throughout, and the important announcement is made that an entirely, new novel by Rudyard Kipling, entitled "Kim," will commence in the January number,and run throughout the year. " The Strand Magazsne " completes its tenth year with the December double number, aria Sir George Newnes has a timely greeting and word of thanks for the many friends of this excellent and world- wide periodical. An immense budget of literature it is, for the cover contains no less than '2OB pages and 250 illustrations, All for is. I Truly the period cm cheap literature is in its zenith. Would that it were all so excellent as the contents of the "Strand." There are contributions grave, gay, sensational and simple (these for the children) from L Meade and Robert Eustace, Alfred T SrorY, Harold White, James Workman, W W Jacobs, A E W Mason, John trange Winter, Richard Marsh, Roan Mee, and many others, Ti,e second instalment f H G Wells' serial " he First Men in the Moon " shows what a wonderful tale this imaginative writer has evolved, while among the articles, Ray Stannard Baker's description of the building of " The Deutschland" comes as an easy first "The Strand Magazine" is easily maintaining its great reputation, callicult as that must be.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19001221_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19001221_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
jt. ,prali zen 4 •

I

After taking Scott's Emulsion he said:

"I do feel well."

OLAND T(rrl M iutogr.ph.)

"Glengariff," Tower Road West, St. Leonards-on-Sea, july 15th, 1899.

Gentlemen,—Herewith I enclose a photograph of my son. He has never been a really strong boy, but since I tried and continued to use your excellent Scott's Emulsion, I have noticed a vast improvement in his health. His appetite, always most capricious, increased soon after taking the pre- paration and he looked healthier, and in his own words, "I do feel well." You have his photograph, and also this unsolicited testimonial to the great benefits derived from Scott's Emulsion.

Yours faithfully, (Signed) ARTHUR MOULTON.

The unsolicited testimonials which we receive from people of good social standing, telling ot the benefits derived from bcott's Emulsion, certainly speak well for this preparation. buch testimonials as the foregoing would not be written if Scott's Emulsion were not only an effectual remedy but if it were not also held to be a standard pi eparation of the highest type. Scot's Emulsion is Hot a quack nostrum in any sense of the term. is is merely the best emulsion of cod-liver oil which has ever been manufactured, and it presents this oil in a form acceptable to the most sensitive palate, and agreeable to the most delicate stomach. _ .

ploye3 to restore the lost forces and nourish the system hack to health. In such an extreme Case as the wasting of a consumptive, Scott's Emulsion is also effectull, and it is a standard remely for all anmmic conditions, where the system needs rich blood.

Scott's Emulsion is a specific for coughs, colds, and bronchitis, afford- ing immediate relief in these affec- tions, and it is an especially satis- factory remedy to employ in thr household, because it also serves th important purpose of building up the system so it can withstand these ' ailments. TRADE MARS.

- -Scott's Emulsion is much superior to any other form of cod-liver oil. It is made from a special formula not employed elsewhere, and it pay be relied upon to produce beneficial results, evAa after other remedies have failed. Wherever there is poor appetite in a child and a tendency to lose flesh or take cold easily, and in fact in all those conditions where the wasting is in excess of the power of the system to give vitality, Scott's Emulsion should certainly be em-

The genuine Scott's Emulsion may be ea3ily di tinguished by our trade mark, wnich is on the wrapper of every genuine bottle. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion by mentioning the name of this paper and enclosing threepence in stamps to cover postage to Scott and Bowne, Limited, S 5, Great Saffron Hill, London, E.C.

Other Christma numbers of superlative merit are "The Captain ", the prince of boys' books, the " Wide World Magazine" with its storehouse of "truth stranger than fiction," and" The Sunday Strand," a very popular and instructive home maga- zine. .

The christmas number of "The Queen" is A really seasonable as well as interesting production and reference to its pages will show that in combined literary and artistic merit, as well as the seasonable character of its contents, the present issue fully maintains its reputation. In addition to three coloured presentation plates and other beautiful drawings by celebrated artists, the liter- ary contributions include an article on the church by the Ven Archdeacon of London, articles by the Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos, Duchess of Somerset, Countess of Jersey. Lady Howard Vincent ; illustrated article, " Christmas in South Africa," by Mrs Tom Kelly. This week's issue of "The Sphere" includes a Christmas supplement of nine:coloured pictures, all of them admirably adapted for the nursery. Mt Cecil Aldin has a double-page of" ('he Coming of Father Christmas," and Mr Tom Rrown a new and pictureque rendering of "Little Red Riding Hood." Mr F Newton-Shephard is particularly happy with a Christmas-tree scene. Provision for older readers is aff irded by literary contributions from Mr Thomas Hardy, and Mr Jerome K Jerome.

,-,----=---;-:----,----- t-p-:--4.t.; • m c_vez4 .....___.\ _...... --,k—ctr-‘,--' gie-...------, 4 ..; -.''' •-- --- - . , . .-----__A i--------4- , f"' 0 / .. .. , 'OULTON.

4fix 0114:4:; ." ie • .7'1.. '

===== 0002601_19001221_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2

===== 0002601_19001221_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rr r4l tlealth

===== 0002601_19001221_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
W,te%

===== 0002601_19001221_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
; - ---C-- , ' , ~,,,11

===== 0002601_19001221_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

,

F 'lr

' :

H

===== 0002601_19001221_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Is

;

I /t •

I' li

U

H:

1 : 4. ' 1 , , ,Nt I '4l .. i ' '',411,1,,

:

,R 72 i 1 ' )1 l' • i f , i.P.! I i'i

L

.;:l.• ! : ii,..,---s;:' - -,.,.•*. * . . ' I 1 lA, It li . , .: toot i I- I' 4 ~,,

1/4 •

'

*te,

nr "eyainun " otries

T" •• WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRSHIRE EXAMINER." published every Saturday morning.

T" "EARL ESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Friday afternoon. T' "Si. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" 'WIDNES EXAMINER," published every Friday morning.

/ . •

===== 0002601_19001221_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Week.. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES POUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES

ornesut &ti-LbantO. ett.

WANTED, good fiENBRAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs WOOD, Red Rook House, near Wigan.

%VANTED Strong willing GIRL, ago about 16 or 17. Apply Mra Tuug, 12. Richmond-street Wigan.

MTANTED. COOK-JRNERALS, HOUSEMAIDS; good wages; best places.—TEßAY's REGIBTRY. Arcade, Cborley.

0 OOD PLACES Waiting for SERVARTS of all kinds, at Xi- BORLAND'S REGISTRY, 148, Liverpool-road Patr.croft, Manchester.

WANTIID, 0001i.i, tionsemaiis. Waitress, Kitchen - maids. Generals,—Mrs. LOTT, 25, Church-road, Woot- ton, near Liverpool.

WANTED, KITCHRNMAID ; age under 20; wages £l6. Apply enclosing a reference, to Mrs. Lusic, Mayfield, Bury, Lancashire.

NiTAISTED.good GENERAT., ; three in family, good wages —Apply alter 5, 18.13RERETON-AVENUE, Woolton-road, Wavertree, Liverpool.

WG ANTED. Good ENERAL SERVANT. Wages ss. to 6s. per week. —Apply POWERS. 65, Market-street, West- boughton, near Wigau.

WANTED GOOD MINERAL aged 18 to 20.; good borne for respectable girl. —Apply 13, CALTRCH-RuAD, Seacombe, Cheshire.

WANTEID A Trustworthy WOMAN at once, as general references liberal salary to a suitable person.—Apply 41, NORTON-STREET. Liverpool.

NITANTBD, General Servant in a very small family, per- sonal character required.-42, Downing street, near Ardwiok Green, Manchester.

WANTED capable GIRL P..a general ; goad wages to suit- able girl.—Apply, 20, ARTINGTON-ROAD, C horlt on- ou rn-tlar dy, Manchester.

wA.NTED immediately Superior GIINERAL, family of Two, no washing; wages £2o.—Apply Miss HUDSON 19 Irlam Street, Warrington

WANTED Good GIV.IttiIAL ssavArr r able to wash, good home aud wages.—R PATFIELD. Conf ctioner, 174, Bridgman Place, Bolton.

IVANTED Good GENHHAL, plain cooking, small wash; four in family ; Churchwoman preferred,wages £l4. GLISLYN, tlydro-avonue. West Kirby.

WANTED, WOMAN SERVANT; character required; good wages.—Apply, W CHADwICIC, /Wits Arms Urawshawbooth. uear Aocringt

-vvANTIS!) immediately WAITILBSS, excellent situation near Warrington ; wages £2o.—vply Mies HUDSON Ilf gistry, 19 Wain Street Warrington

WANTED, GENERALS and GIRLS for Manchester; best places ; excellent waßes ; letters answertd.—Ml es HAURLBoN, 6. Oldham-street, Mancbester.

ANonTeEeD. , a RHe OatT:utitM2AolD -AWrAp ly *vit)i rfeof er reenoceens tt7 rest CLARE. Harwood Lodge, near Bolton.

WANTRD Good GUINERAL ; Wash, Iron, and do plain Cooking ; 00.)41 Charsc, er, references required.-- GP.F=N. Watchmaker, 112, Wa4gate, Wigan.

-kATANTED, strong thoroughly reliable GIRL, as General dRUVAtiI in small fArnily.—Apply rdrs GISSoN, Fzetherne, Ack-lane, Bramhall, Stotkport.

CIRB&T demand for SBEVANTd, all 'lases for January k..T and February. fares paid, good wages. --BoTToaILET REGISTRY, Morley-street. Bradiord, Yorkshire.

ruHR TOWER SELECT REGISTRY 0101PICE, 67; MYRTLIC- -1 -STREET. Liverpool; also at VICTORIA-ROAD, New Brighton. No chsrge to Servants until suited.

WABTED Good GNUURAL. After Christmas, able to do plain cooking, no ou'Ai•le work, another kept, refer- ences.—Address by letter, EnuoxLisns FAR2I. bale.•

WANTR.I); ODOM, Housemaids, House Waitress, nurses. Young 01r14. Ustrul Helps ; good wages : fares paid.—BOTTOMLEY's itEGISThr, 2,lorltly-Areet, Braatord; Yorkshire.

MATLD Gh.N [(RV, COOK GIS AR UAL and ttOUE- VT MAID IVAITRHis for two iu ftLnily, betweeen Maid kept. No washing, £l7 and £l6, good reterences require°, binsagoNas, 4, Bank -street, Warrin,,ton.

WANTED Immediately. LciDX'i ALA ID for email family, must be gocd dressmaker and irtirdresser, willing to travel, good references required.--Apply Miss IluDsoN, Registry, 19, Iriam-street Warrington.

ANTBD, SERVI.NIS, for good Situations ; Cooke, VT WAltresses, Housernsids, Uo-lers.lB, &c. ico charge until engaged ; letters answered ; stamp for reply.—Winsost'S HIGH CLASS bERVANTb' siGENCY, 4Th, Park-r Cad, Dingle, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta

VEHNCH POLISKERS.—WAN C ED two fitat-claEl MEN 1. (non-isociet,y).—ASlLloN LEACH Fe CIIMEELEIRCH, Roch- dale.

GROOM COACH M AN. —Young married MAN Want s SITUATION ; highest ref ereneas.—BLICKWELL , Ashton Village. Chester.

ST. MATTHEW'S MIXED SCHOOL Scot'and-roacl, Liver. pool. 'lwo ASS! ALT (Art 50) ; 245 and £so. Apply HEAD MASTER.

WANTBD IN ST. HELEN, A SHOWROOM, with fair accommodation tor workshops suitable for Engineer's. Apply No B 37, Ex 4.sfltiEll OFFICE, at Helens.

WASTH RUBBliii bought; any description; prompt cash; empty b".gs supplied.—W. CHEETHAM, 118, Nelson-street, Hyde, Cheshire.

A GBNTS Wanted for guicis,elling Novelties; enormous pro- Ilk. fits. Write for fr." list3.-11Enox & Co. (Box & T.). Tottenham-street, TottenhAm Court-road, London, W.

WAR MEDALS WANTED, dated 1848, or earlier, £ Riven ; also Fenian Raid, Arctic Red River, Firk. t 2 Atbara Mashona, Matabele, ecc.—MA TOR Tomise, Droltwich.

IvANTBD Certificated ASSISTANT MISTRESS for end of January, Stds. 111. or IV.; Churchwoman, musical preferred ; state salary.— Apply HEAD MISTRESS, Girls' National School, Harwich.

OLD GOLD. SILVER and FURNITURE BOUGHT to any amount or exchanged ; cash advanced to any amount on Furniture stored in any repoiitory.— Osvv.itn, Pawn- broker, 265. Stockpoit-road, Manchester.

CIANITARY INSPBCTORSIIIPS salaries £lOO to £250. 0 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Liv root and Bradford exams. ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 200 suct!essf ill candidates, ladles eligible —Apply ROBERT Musintliff, Sanitary Science, Teacher, 6underiand. Name paper.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
EL' be f.et.

PENKllTH.—Cottages 41 Od.. 38. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. BANK hTILEBT OFFICh, £5 room. 25, CATHBBINB SIRE,IBI, rent 48. 3d. 6, WELLINGTON :,TtlkißT, rent ss. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Nstate Agent, No. I Hmk-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

fro LET good HOUSE in Derby-treat, rent 4s 6d.—Apply WOODS and Sox, Solicitors, floraemarket-street, Warrington.

riro LEI.—LARGII; icoosl. Orford-street ; rent £20.- 11 Apply Woovo ON, Solicitors, Hofsemarket-street. Warrington.

PRBMISRS suitablP for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply WOODB & box, Solicitors, Horsemariat-street. Warribgtori.

Iro LIT, good HOLTSS. Hopwood-street; 3 bedrooms.— .1 Apply WoODS AND SON. Sonuitors, Horsernarket.etreet, Warrington.

TO LET. SHOP with fixtures, .or Ureengrccer, ac., suit 1. Butcher. Grocer, &c., 55, Bewsey-3th et, Warrington.— Apply SICELIAND, 63A.

rico LEI, STABI. aid LOAL.I4-110USE, with lofts ove .1_ large lard aMelitd off IttLlArs-lane.--- Apply WOODS and Sox, Snicitors, 55. florsernarket-street, Warrington.

Every Deneption of LETTERPRE:-.6 AND LITHOGRAPHIC

PRINTING EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

enttrtaintro,

Bttork9, Zus;nreks, at.

MR. R. C. A TIT ['TER.

AUCTIONEER, LICENbED VALUEIL AND BUSINESS TRANSFER AGENT. STOOKS VALUED. BUSINESSES TRANSFERRED.

AUCTION SALM AHHANGRD, TOWN OR COUNTRY..

If you wish to SELL or BUY A BUSINESS. write or call on Mr. BUTTER, 45,. MARKET-STEET. MANCHESTER quick sale guaranteed (Established 30 years). Mr. NUTTER, has the following Businesses for sale. HAY CORN AND PROVENDER TRADE. £3.750 Yearly £1,400. CYCLE AND MOTOR Profits £740 Yearly £2 500. MORECAMBE. CONFECTIONERY AND APARTMENT HOUSE, £B5O. FULLY LICENSED PUBLIC. £43 weekly £675. CHESHIRE. VILLAGE PUBLIC THAWS, Ea Weekly £275.

--80-UTHPORt. CAB and COACHING, Clearing £3OO Yearly £1,500. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £4O Weekly £230. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY with brisk TRADE, £2,100 Yearly £3OO. SOUTHPORT. GROCERY and PROVISION TRADE, £l6 Weekly £l3O. SOWTHPORT. CYCLE and MOTOR Business, £3OO All. BEERHOUSE TRADE, 7 Barrels Weekly. £2OO. BEERHOUE TRADB, 4 B4rrels Weekly, £llO. BEER AND WINE HOUSB TRADE, 4 Barrels Weekly. £5O.

STATIONERY end FANCY TRADE, £l2 Weekly £l5O. STAiIONEILY NEWS, and FANCY TRADE, £l2 Weekly 2130. ToBACCO and NEWS TRADE, £lO Weekly £75. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY, NICE TRADE. £5O. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE, £7 Weekly £9l OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE, £l6 Weekly £l3O. OFF-LICENSE and GROCERY TRADE, £25 Weekly £2OO FRUIT and FISH TRADE, £5O Weekly £l5O. FRUIT and FISH TRADE, t 5 Weekly £5O, COAL BUSINEsS TRADE, 17 tons Weekly, Horse and Cart 40. MILK BUSINESS, Clearing £5 Weekly after expenses, £225, MILK BUSINESS, Pony and Float, nice Trade, £7O. MILK BUSINESS, Pony and Float, 40 dozen Weekly, £55. CAB AND COACHING BUSINESS, Clearing £5 Weekly after Expenees, £5O. FRIED FISH and CHIP TRADE, £l5 Weekly £llO. I.OItIED PISH and CHIP TRADE, 4 Weekly £5O• RESTAUR.IN I: CITY, Clearing Weekly after Expenses 403. DINING-200M and CONFECTIONERY, NICE TRADE. 40. GROCERY and CONFECTIONERY TRADE, £lB Weekly (Rochdale) £l2O. SWEETS, TOYS and MINERALS TRADE, £7 Weekly £6O. DINING ROOMS and CONFECTIONERY (City) £5O. HAND LAUNDRY TRADE, £2O Weekly £2LU. STEA2 LAUNDRY, Large Plant, First Class TRADE, £350. STEAM LAUNDRY, large TRADE, Modern Plant, 400. GROCERY and PROVIsION TRADE, £l5 Weekly £llO. COAL and HERBALIST Business 6 Tons Weekly good Herbalist TRADE, £5O. COAL CARRYING WAGGONETTE Business Profits, £5 Weekly after expenditure £3OO OUTFITTING BUSINESS TRADE, £7 Weekly (Main Road) £5O. STATIONERY, BOOKS, FANCY GOODS TRADE, £l,OOO per Annum £4OO. sTATIONERY, NEWS and FANCY GOODS TRADE, £22 Weekly £260. MR. NU3 TER, 45, MARKET St., only sells Genuine Con. eras, All Busineeees Guaranteed.

&mutton.

9 OOO Good String Twill BAGS, 43 per dozen, 51 by y 28. 'l' WALsH,IOI, Johnson-street, Blackburn.

eIIVING AWAY, two BRUSSELS CARPET RUGS, Bordered 63in. by 271 n. 32iu. by 181 n. Carriage raid 3E—Wool's, Manufacturer. 85, liosebank-street, Dundee,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21 1900

===== 0002601_19001221_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
i4rTYPOKLENE " A perfect substitute for Tur- pentine for cleaning Type, Lithographic Stones, Rollers, &e.; absolutely non-inflammable, and therefore safest. 40-Gall. Barrels, 15. 4d. 10-Gail. Drums, is. 7d. 40-Gall. Barrrls, is. 6d. " OTTO " GAS BNOI NH OIL 40-Gall. Barrels, Is. 6,1. Per Gall. Carriage Paid. sole Manufacturers and Proprietors : THB ItRLIANCIi LUBIXICATING OIL CO., 19, t 20, WATER-LAHR GRRAT TOWBR-STRBET,

LONDON, U.C.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £lO UPWARDS. AND PAYABLE BY INSTALMENTS, OR AS MAX BE MUTUALLY ARRANGED, 013 PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, AND WITH OR WITHOUT SURETIES.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN.

PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has bee ,i established since 1870, and has always conducted his business under HIS OWN NAMH. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDLaiDS OF LETTERS OF AfP.RECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, Terms for Advances, orally Information desired, will ba supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or ty letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS 16, SCHOOL-LANE, LIVERPOOL. or to the Head Office, 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
*atm surrlon.

W. 110DGKINON, LIMITED,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Mill NOW SHOWING

SOME VERY HANDSOME ROBES FOR EVENING WE

SEQUIN, ENIBROIDERED NET,

AND LACE.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ALSO SRVERAL SMART MODELS

BLOIiSES, LICE AND MUSLIN DINNER BODICES.

AND A FINE COLLECTION OF LACES.

A VISIT WILL BE EBTEEISIF.D. 46 AND 48 BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
A ROYAL VLUTOR

TO THE LIVERPOOL COMPTON HOUSE. LAST GREAT CELEBRATION OF

CHRISTMAS IN THE NINETEENTH

%_,ENTURY.

CONTINUOUS FES rIVITIES FROM MONDAY, DhCEMBER 10, TILL XMAS EVE.

THE OUEEN'S GRACIOUS RECEPTION

FATHER CHRISTMAS AND SUITE.

HER MAJESTY, ENRAPTURED

By a Personal Audience of Father Christmas and his Merry Company, THE SPLENDOURS OF IRE GROTTO.

AND THE , COMPTON HOUSE. FANCY FAIR

AND yULE-TIDE MARKET.

Makes PRODIGIOUS PURCHASES of Christmas Cards and Novelties for Presents to the Aristocracy of Her Realm; Toys, Dolls, Picture Books, Story Books, Games, Santa Claus Stockings. Confections and articles innumerable to delight the young; and large quantities of Useful Goods to Comtort and make glad the poor during the Joyous Christmas Season.

F LYING VISIT OF QVEEN ASTARTE It WITH HER cOURIER, THE MAN- FROM-THE-MOON.

GREAT EXCITEMENT THROUGHOUT NORTH BRITAIN.

THE

COMPTON HOUSE, LIVERPOOL,

GRAND FANCY FAIR, To MARKET, AND BAZAAR.

FOR THE

LAST CHRISTMAS OF TEIE CENTURY.

OPEN FROM MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, TO MONDAY,

DECEMBER 24.

£20,000 WORTH

FANCY ARTICLES AND USEFUL GooDs. SPECIALLY PURCHASED

===== 0002601_19001221_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE FINAL CHRISTMAS OF THE

PASSING CENTURY.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS OF NOVELTIES

SUITABLE FOR PRESENTATION ETC.

AN RNDLESS SHLROTION or CHRISTMAS AND NSW YHAR CAltDd, Artistic Calendars, and Picture and btory Books tor Children, by the beg publishers ; Presentation Volumes for Young People Looney btaticnery ; Toys, Dolls. Games, etc., in im- mense numbers; Leather Goods ano Travelling Re- quirements of every kind; Clocks, Bronzes, and Ornaments of British and Foreign Manula2ture, in innumerable styles; Perfumery, Fancy and Useful Accessories to the Joliet; Fancy Smallwares, Jewel- lery, Trinkets and Trifles, for personal or household use, beyond description.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
HUGE DELIVERIES OF

2.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
CHOICE GOODS.

For Wear and 118 e in Winter, and for Charitable Gifts.

TO MEET THE DEMANDS oe THE FESTIVE SEASON, immense numbers of Stylish Garments have been received for the wear,of lasies. gentlemen, gir.s and boys of all ages. ihese comprise the latest productions in Millinery, Mantles. Underwear, of every kind. Blouses, Ltioves, Hosiery. Boots and Shoes for all occasions, Clothing for boys, youths, and gentlemen; Handsercalets, tlmbrellas,and Small Articles too numerous to mention. Also vast quan- tities of warm Bed Clothing, Flannels, bilks. Dress Goods. hibbons, and Fancy Drapery Good.; Laces and Embroideries; Trimmings for Dresses, Mantles, BlouSes, and Millinery, etc, eta,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INCOMPARABLE STOCK OF SUPERIOR GOODS,

For Household Use and Decoration. BRAUTIFUL BLHOTHO-PLATBD QUODS.

without end ; the finest Cutlery ; Cooking, Kitc—heri. and Domestic Machinery and Appliances of all sorts; Beautiful Chins, Pottery anu Glass, from the simplest to the most highly decorative styles ; Carpets, Furnishing Drapings in all textures; thou- sands of pieces of Fancy Furniture; Table Damasks, Household Linens, and Drapery Goods of every class. CHRISXMAS FARE.

OF THE CHOICEST BRANDS AND FINEST QU ALI JIBS.

THE FINEST GiOCHHISS AND PROVISIONS procurable, comprising Coffees and Teas of fAvourite blends ; Bacon, Hams, Cheeses, Butters, tJanned and Bottled Meats and Fruits, of the best brands ' • Jams and Preserves; Dried Fruits and Nuts ; PlumPudd- Ingo. Biscuits. Confectionery, and Sweets, among which is an endless choice of oanta-Claus Stockiage and other goods.

And thousands of other Items which cannot be mentioned in this space, suited to the requirement& of the Festive eeason and Whiter use.

For full particulars of the Compton /louse, Liver.. pool, Fancy Fair and .

rp HE QUEEN'S VISIT.

See the Christmas Catalogue, Free on application. DAILY RECEPTIONS

IN THE

ENCHANTED GROTTO.

" THE MOST WONDERFUL THING ON EARTH !"

Said tie Queen of the Air, referring ta • THE MONSTRE.GROM PARCEL,

For which there is ABSOLUTELY NO CHARGE.

EN TRANCE TO THE FANCY FAIR, FREE.

ENTRANCE TO r riE GROTTO, AND INTERVIEW WITH ILiE DMINGUISHED VISITORS, SIXPENCE.

OPENING DAY. DECEMBER 10Ta. •

THE SEASON'S GREELINGS FROM THE QUEEN OF LUNA, FATHER CHRISTMAS, AND W. H. WATTS AND CO., LTD., COMPTON HOUSE

LIVERPOOL.

IT would be a pity to see Christmas-Boxes. all Christmas-boxes come to an end. They are .expressions of good will that cannot well be aban- doned. Kindliness between man and rnan,betvveen masters and servants, can seldom be wrong. They are evidences of pleasant ielations and bright human teasing. Had they been otherwise, they would not have persisted for so many hundreds of years, in the face of criticism, hard 'commercial- ism, and a rigid appraisement of values. But good things are constantly abused, and Christmas-boxes have suffered in c3mmon with other beneficent and wholesome things. They are sometimes accepted as a convenient way of supplementing small wages and salaries. Our postmen are allowed to collect Christmas-boxes, and they rely upon them to eke out poor wages. The same remark has to be made of club servants. To be candid, these are abuses, and we ought to be able to dispense with. them. Public services ought to ba remunerated properly and until they are paid better we shall have to bear, if we do not 'like, these charitable grants in aid of the Post Office, our clubs, and our municipal ser- vices. But there are even worse examples of the abuse of an old beneficence. The Christen- s-box has crept into business firms, until it has become quite an institution. Gifts are distributed at this time of the year with a punctiliousness and a liberality that makes them as much a part of busi- ness as anything else. If the gifts are not received the firm is likely to suffer, whatever may be its general liberality in rewarding service and in deal- ing with buyers and customars on enlightened principles. The Christmas-box, instead of being a personal kindliness, has become a disguised busi- ness commission. Large limited liability firms are divided into several departments, and the heads of these departments are in expectation of receiving presents, either in money or in kind, from the wholesale firms with which they do business. Some hundreds of pounds are disbursed by manufac- turers, agents, and dealers in this way. They create goodwill, but it is goodwill of a commercial nature. More orders are expected, a less critical examination of goods supplied is looked for, and a bias is intended to follow which is being paid for as much as if a bargain were made over a counter or an writing. The money so expended comes out of the firm whose servants are ,the recipients of these gifts. It does not mean a reduction in the profits of the gift-giving firms. All the vice of commission-giving lies perdu in the Christmas- box. It means that a bigger, profit must be made on the goods that are sold. It amounts to a bribe, without the moral shock that attends an open -bribe. Accordingly, it is to be condemned,and we are delighted to see that a practical move has boon made against the :system, even though the cynics may see in the reform another effort in the direc-

tion of coercement to obtain b3tter dividends. The false Christmas-box is not to be defended on the ground that it is an imitation of the true one. The true one is personal, and free from the taint of commercialism. The false one has little or nothiLg of the personal element in it. It is mechanical, expectant, demoralising. It is like betting on horses never seen, through a hook- ‘maker who may never attend the race. Any check to its domination, however small, is a moral gain.

CAUTION is an excellent The War Not Over. quality where unfinished

Campaigns are concerned, and it is well not to halloo before you are out of the wood. We seems to have been much too pre- vious in several of our arrangements. The C.l.V.'s were sent home before their services could be dis- pensed with, and several bodies of Colonial troops have been permitted to return before the war has •ended. That end has been proclaimed more than once,and:the home-coming of Lord ROBERTS seems to have been premature, as well as the thanks- giving services, which have now been abandoned. The war is not over, and we have daily evidence of the fact. The Boers are acting upon a plan which seems to have been carefully thought out, and to be dimly discernible in recent operations. DE WET intended to carry the campaign into the north of Cape Colony,which has been again invaded, in the hope of rallying to his aid the discontented spirits and the ardent sympathisers who have been 'inflamed by imaginary accounts of events in

England and atrocities in the field. The present state of the conflict has been described as a guerilla war. It is something more than that when British positions can be stormed and hun- dreds of British soldiers taken prisoners, if they have been immediately released at soon as they have been stripped of arms and ammunition. The audacity of the Boers in making attaCks upon our positions has besi rewarded with a large amount of success. The old carelessness seems to have returned. Our men occupy good :positions, but they do not entrench themselves or build schanzes, or take care to command the lines of approach by guns and Maxims. Our sentry arrangements are bad, because they are not pushed out far enough at night, when there is now evidently sonic danger of attack. The arrangements for signalling are imperfect. The rocket has been virtually aban- doned, though it must often be valuable in the case of night advances, or as an indication that the enemy is in the immediate neighbourhood of our camps. The telegraph arrangements are not always satisfactory. DELA.REY was in regular receipt, it is said, of the messages from Pretoria which were passing to General CLEMENTS and other British generals in the field,' owing to the wire having been left intact. We have much to learn in slimness from the enemy, not only in scouting bit in destroying ammuni_ tion we cannot carry away. Our recent opera- tions have been governed by the idea that the Boers had no plan, and so we have no sooner cleared off it district than an enemy reappears where he had been least expected. It seems that we are always anticipating a collapse whick never comes, or proclaiming that DE WET or somebody else is surrounded, only to discover that the hope is false, and the escape is almost certain. It is not easy to conduct wfdely-scattered operations from a given centre, but it is clear that the Boers are doing something of the kind, with less scientific means of intercommunication than wie are supposed to possess. Let us dismiss all our illusions, and reconcile ourselves to the fact that the war is not over, and will not be over any sooner by reason of our haste to indulge in cele- brating success and to weaken our forces in the field. It is a sorry business to have to check a nation's desires. But it is laer to tell the truth, and to settle down to face an ugly and a most dis- agreeable situation.

Where does the mistletoe come from which at this season of the year is sold for the decoration of our rooms, and to provide innocent amusement for our young people? The prevailing impres- sion i s that it is stripped from the branches of ancestral oaks in English woods, whose predeces- sors, saw the long-haired Druids gather round for the performance of their mystic rites. As a matter of fact, the supply which is sold in London and in other large towns comes chiefly from Nor- mandy, where it is carefully cultivated for trade purposes, the greater quantity going to London, notwithstanding the fact that a higher price is often to be obtained in Paris. It is worthy of mention that among other,custorners is the United States, where some who still celebrate Christmas in the old-fashioned manner are willing to pay a very heavy price for apiece of mistletoe. 'As for the holly which is offered in our markets and shops, that, of course, is home grown, with the exception of a small amount from Guernsey; but as to its precise place of origin there may be even greater mystety. Much of it is sent up honestly by farmers who trim their hedges at this season of the year, and send up truckloads for what it will fetch. But doubtless great quantities are ob- tained by persons who make no pretence of obtain- taining the permission of the original owner,taking a licence which goes sotnewhat beyond even the special privileges of the festive season. It is also found that at Christmas time young firs are fre- quently missing from plantations; but these facts derogate nothing from the trade in holly and Christmas trees. If all the pheasants and rabbits of our poulterers' shops could tell the story of their capture, what work there might be for the police!

If there is any truth in the statement that a green Christmas means a fat churchyard, it may be partly due to the custom which requires roar- ing tires at this period of the year, whatever may be the general temperature of the air. In warm- ing appliances the houses of the British middle class are badly equipped indeed as compared with those of a similar class on the Continent, and such apparatus as is provided is not always used with the greatest discretion. Similarly, in the waiting- rooms of railway stations, and, ad a correspondent mentions, in Zirailway carriages themselves, the unintelligent use of heating stoves in mild weather may be a fertile cause of severe cold, and even of more serious ailments. The corres- pondent speaks of experiencing a temperature of a hundred degrees- Fahrenheit on a journey on a line unnecessary to specify. Such a heat, whether of the "dry, prickly kind" of which he complains or of the moist variety, cannot but be injurious 'of itself, and no ventilation is possible except by the opening of a window, from which under the cir- cumstances, i particularly deadly draught is to be expected. Experiment has shown that the human frame is capable of sustaining for a very short period heats which very nearly approach the actual roasting point. Such martyrdoms, however, not so much in the cause of science as to gratify scien- tific curiosity, should be left to voluntary sufferers. Even a certain degree of cold, if it has not the tonic effect which was once ascribed to it, is better than the over-heating of which the correspondent referred to complains.

The annual report of the Warrington Savings Rink is a record of continued progress and pros- perity. Daring the year no fewer than 789 new or renewed accounts have been °pelted, bringing up the total number of depositors to 12,636, and the balance due to them stands at £353,4133 3s 7d. This speaks volumes for the thriftiness of the people in this town and district. The Warrington Savings Bank is carried on for the special purpose of assisting those who are anxious to provide for the future. The man who has only a spare shilling is welcomed as a depositor, and he can start an aecount with that amount. It is in this respect that tho Savings Bank differs from the aims of ordinary banks. Banking companies as a rule desire to make a profit by facilitating business, but the Savings Bank seeks first and foremost to it s success thrift, and the measure of success is gauged by the large number of people it can induce to make deposits. The large number of small depositors is a distinct feature of the Warrington Savings Bank business. At the meeting on Tuesday it was reported that there were 5,163 depositors who had invested amounts which did not exceed a sovereign. This proves conclusively that the bank is resorted to by people receiving small wages but who nevertheless are desirous of having some sav- ings to fall back upon. In all probability if the ironworkers who are now so hard up had exercised the thrift of people earning far less money per week, there would have been no appeal this Christmas on their behalf. We recommend the Savings Bank to their consideration.

Interest in matters pertaining to cricket is not very keen at this time of the year, but the action of the County captains in debarring Arthur Mold from F rst-class matches has creatAd quite a sensa- tion, and particularly in Lancashire. For a dozen years or more Mold has been the mainstay of the Lancashire attack, and for the County to be thus suddenly deprived of his services is a very serious matter indeed. Mold was—though not to the same extent as Briggs—ono of the idols of the crowd, and at Oki Trafford he will be very much missed. His delivery has always been considered suspicious by those who pose as judges of bowling, and, when Phillips no-balled him last season there was an indication that something

===== 0002601_19001221_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX.A.MINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1900 I MATTERS OF MOMENT. !RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

was in the wind. Personally we never saw the Lancashire fast bowler send down a ball which appeared to be thrown, and we think his short run and quick delivery have much to do with the suspicion which has gathered ground during the last few seasons. It is hard luck for both the player and his county. but the former has the con- solation of his £2,000 "benefit" last seuon. The action of the authorities is, however, to be heartily commended. They have resolutely cackled an evil which had some tendency to spread, and in dealing drastically with those men wliom they honestly believe to he unfair bowlers they are rendering a great service to the summer game.

An unfortunate dispute has arisen at the works of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited. A number of boilermen and firemen have been dis- missed, or as trades unionists prefer to call it "locked out." The case for the m.3n was fully laid before a large meeting on Sunday evening, and Messrs. Crosfield's rejoinder will be found in another column. The dispute resembles in some respects that of the Peurhyn quf,rrymen. It was contended at the meeting that Messrs. Crosfield's action was an attempt to interfere with the rights of combination, but from the facts which have been made public, it would be more correct to say that it is an objection on the part of the firm to accept the assistance or brook the interference of a trades union official in the settlement of a grievance. That is one of the chief points at issue in he Penrhyn dispute.. Why there should be this diffidence to discuss trade matters with a union official, who, after all is the best representa- tive of the men, we are at a loss to understand. Many manufacturers have given testimony to the valuable assistance which trades union officials have been able to give in bringing about an amic- able settlement of trade grievances. One of Messrs Crosfield's chief competitors in the soap trade has not only suffered the "interference" of the official whom Messrs Crosfield refuse to recog- nise but a set of working conditions has been mutually drawn up and is now strictly observed byjboth sides. Messrs. Crosfield prefer to deal directly with their employees but it is a well- known fact that workmen dislike to approach em- ployers with reference to grievances, for, rightly or wrongly, they are of opinion that those who voice them are made to suffer in various ways for their outspokenness. The question in dispute seems such a small matter that two good business men with proper notions of fairness ought to be able to settle the dispute in half an hour.

If the Corporation are not, " like Alexander, sighing for other worlds to conquer, they are very anxious to replace Warrington Bridge with an entirely new and really adequate structure as soon as possible. The need is groat, in fact it is little use spending thougands of pounds in widening Bridge-street if the Bridge is to remain in the posi- tion of the neck to the bottle. A new bridge of the kind required is, however, rather too big an undertaking for the Corporation to attempt single- handed, and it will be very unfair if assist- ance is not forthcoming from the two County Councils directly concerned in the improvement of the existing means of communication netween Lancashire and Cheshire. In the past they have been very stubborn and close-fisted in the matter but last week overtures were made to the authori- ties of the County Palatine which may, it is sin- cerely hoped, result in something encouraging if not entirely satisfactory. Warrington's call on the County Councils is a very modest one and if they would only contribute the comparatively trifling sum of £3,000 each it is more than likely that the Warrington Corporation would accept the responsi- bility of providing a new bridge. We sincerely hope that the stubborn authorities will presently adopt that attitude of sweet reasonableness which would be so much more becoming and not delay such a vast and imperative improvement.

THE ALLEGED OUTRAGE ON THE BRIDGEWATER CANAL.

At the Runcorn Police Court on Friday, Henry Spencer and Fanny Spencer, husband and wife, were further remanded on the charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm to Samuel Lamb, at Runcorn, on the 27th November.—Superintendent Pearson stated that the prosecutor was still confined to his bed, and unable to appear. The prisoners were re- manded for seven days, bail being allowed them- selves, in £lO each, and one surety each in the same amount.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
A Provincial Letter.

I At the close of a record making and a record breaking century it is but fitting, perhaps, that the very last month should establish a record for itself of some kind. To the middle of the month, and since, the indications have been that the last Chris- mas of the century was not to be" old-fashi sued," from the weather point of view. Tee atmospheric conditions have been persistently miid; a state of things not confined to one part of the country only, but common throughout the British Isles. To such a degree has this been observable that, according to meteorologists, the mildness of the month has stamped it in this respect a record December. The supply of air being drawn off the warm Atlantic has caused appearances to be somewhat out of har- mony with the kind of festivity that usually signalises Christmastide. True, we shall nave the holly and the mistletoe just the same, but the snow and the crisp frost appear at the time of writing very unlikely to ia;leupy their accustotned places as accessories Nevertheless, those who are charitably disposed will have learned by this time, from the multitude of appeals in the papsrs, that the great festival of the year is near at band once again. it may be, in one respect, that the pheno- menally open weather of the season will militate against the occurrence of exceptional distress, inas- much as damp does not preclude the pursuit of certain kinds of outdoor work as hard frost and snow do. But, though poverty may remain noi- mal, there is always at this time of the year suffi- cient to stimulate the wealthy, the strong, and the benevolent to the performance of good works. It is only the hardened cynic who would say in answer to the special Christmastide appeals that relief under the poor-law should suffice. But even a re- vised poor-law system will never be held by people generally in this country as sufficient amelioration of the lot of tha indigent, and the better-lisposed among us will always go on giving at Christmastide.

• Three days hence thousands of re-united fanailie4, scattered over the country, will surround the festive board. The son who twelve months since was fight- ing his country's battles under the burning sun of South Africa, will by his presence, again gladden the home of his parents. The husband, returned invalided from the front,with his children clinging to his knee, will recall the weary marches, and the short rations, of his last Christmas. How marked the contrast between then and now ! Nor will the children in our hnspitals,or the" mites" of the very poor, be forgotten this Christmas time.

The Lancet points out that the overwork so com- mon just before Christmas is not healthy, and that anything that can help to give shopkeepers and their assistants sufficient leisure to recoup from the exhaustion of their daily avocation, is ot public benefit: With all of which the public will agree. In the United States some ladies appear t) have taken a generous:initiative in this matter, and have formed what they term the " Consumers' League," the members of which pleige themselves not to make purchases after four o'clock in VW after- noon, and not to allow parcels to he sent to their houses after six o'clock. This may not be practic- able in England,and particularly in provincial manufacturing towns, end at Christmas time; but there is no doubt that a great deal of the rush which is Irma!, at this season could be prevented if ladies and others exercised a little more thought and consideration for tradespeople and their helpers.

A very important question was raised by a deputation from the Chambers,of Commerce of the United Kingdom which waited up3n the Board of Trade the other das, and one that has been farther considered in Birmingham during the preient week. The objec, was to obtain the good oftle,s of the Trade Department in the promotion of improved methods of using the water communica- tions of the provinces for commercial purposes, and also to set on foot some system of development which would enable the fullest We to be made of our resources in this direction. It is, of course, desirable that our canals and rivers should be turned, as far as convenient, to the purpose of limiting the monopoly of the railways. This indeed, has been one of their principal uses in the past, and there was a certain amount of satisfaction to be derived from the official statement indicating that instead of a decrease, there hips been a slight increase, in the last ten years,in the employ- ment of canals, and in the mileage of these water- ways. There has likewise been sOine falling-off in the number of canals acquired by the railway com- panies. At the same time, it is in no way sugges- ted that the deputation, or the movement of which it was the mouthpiece, was in any sense hostile to the railways. The deputation suggested the appointment of a Royal Commission, but to this the President of the Board of Tale demurred, on the ground that, although the importance of the question was great, a sufficiently urgent case had not been made out for invoking th machinery indicated. But it is not expeCtedP that the matter will be allowed to drop. The Chamber of Commerce, at any rate, propose to strike while the iron is hot. Bristol Corporation is in the meantime endeavouring to influence that of Birmingham in a movement for improving tha waterway communication between the Midlands and the British Channel; but the former cannot be said, as yet, to bays received much encouragement. Yet Birmingham is glorying in the thought of be- coming like Liverpool, a seaport.

A glance at some of the provincial police courts during the week demonstrates nnmistakably how much reason there was for Lord Roberts's appeal to the public against the indiscriminate treating o f soldiers returned from the front. On Monday quite a batch of absent-minded beggars had at one court to suffer the indignity of fin-s, and one the aldi- tional blackmark of imprisonment. At another, where the name deserves mention—Evesham—a re- cord of eleven general engagements and twenty- three minor affairs did not prevent a conviction being recorded for obscene language. The facts are not creditable, and tend to show the neeecsity, with Christmas at hand, of the Comm tnder-in- Chiers warning being kept in mind.

" Chemist " wrote the other day, saying that in the midst of discussion as to the amount of arsenic there may he present in beer, attention had not been called to the amount of glucose there is to be found in the cheaper kinds of sweets, notably " peppermint rock." The inevitable result, as in the case of beer, is the appearance of letters from manu- facturers of sweetmeats, claiming absolute purity for their own goods respectively. The Local Govern- ment Board urge that nat only beer, but sweets, syrups, and other manufactures should be analysed, and authorities having to al minister the Food and Drugs Act are being moved to action by Parish and Urban District. Councils in the matter, while some have adopted resolutions in support of Sir Cuthbert Quiltet's Pure Beer Bill. It F1,P111.4 as if some of the local authorities will make things lively on these questions after Christmas is over.

'APerho.ps one of the most interesting features of this fag-end of the century is the vitality of our sc- called old men. It is not too much to say that there ar, comparatively few old men at the present day, as the term was once understood. It is true that they may he grey-haired, and seem old, but they are not really ancient. Not very long ago, the man who was over seventy thought it right and proper to sit in an easy chair by the corner of the fire, and study serious literature for the remainder of his days. But at the present time these men are much more aggressive. They very properly decline to believe in the necessity for laying-un, and the con- sequence is that there are very many men of mature age about who eau well hold their OWII in the activi- ties of life with their younger competitors. A glance at the ages of our Generals in the South African campaign, and in other directions, shows that they possess all the experience of a ripe age, combined with the brightness of youth. We are delighted to see it, and heartily wish that centen- arians may multiply.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

KIEL FINGERS

AFTERNOCIN TEA.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
K--W.-NIF

===== 0002601_19001221_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT FROM THE WIDNES MARKET.

At the Widnes Police Court, on Monday before the Mayor, Julia Tarleton was charged with steal- ing a sbawl from a stall in the market on Satur- day last, the property of Eliza Mooney, value Is 6d. ithza Mooney stated that she missed the shawl from the stall. on Saturday last. She went after the prisoner, and found toe shawl in a basket under bet arm. She gave information to the police. The pri- soner was fined 103 6J, including costs, or seven days. ANTINACCINATIONIST AT WIDNES.

Before the Widnes magistrates on Monday William Wilkinson, 87, Mersey-road, succeeded in getting an exemption order from vaccination. Applicant made an unsuccesstul attempt on Mon- day last to convince the Mayor that he had a con- ocientious belief, and stated on Monday morning that they had no right to refuse him what the strongest Government of the last fifty years had granted. He was the father of thirteen children, and he never did and never would believe in vaccin- ation.—The Mayor said he thought be had been wrongly advised, and, in granting the application, said the law with regard to vaccination was vary ' bad. The applicant left the court beaming with smiles, and evidently delighted with his victory gained for the cause of anti-vaccination. ACCIDENT AT THE BOTTOM LOCK, RUNCORN.

On -aturday night, about six o'clock, an accid- ent occurred at the Bottom Lock, which opens into the Ship Canal. It appears that the steam barge Forth, belonging to the Rochdale Canal Co., had en- tered the lock from the Ship Canal, and, fullavin4 the usual custom, steps were taken to lift the small cock boat attached to the barge on to the quay side Thomas Banner,the engineer of the barge, got on to the quay side to put the crane in motion, and as he was looking down into the lock to see it there was enough chain out, the crane was moved round by the force of the wind, and his fingers were trapped in the cog wheels. He was extricated and taken to Dr. Robinson's surgery in an exhausted condition owing to the loss of blood. An examina- tion disclwed the fact that several fingers were smashed. The spot where the accident occurred is vary bwily lighted, and in the darkness it was not possible to see the crane moving. Banner, who lives in Hartley-street, will lose several ifingers as the result of the accident. CHILD BURNING FATALITY AT WIDNES.

Mr. Rrighnuse held an inquest a the Accident Hospital, Widnes, on Monday, on the body of Margaret Woods, aged six years, who met her death from severe burns on Friday morning, The mother Martha Woods, residing at 35, Charlotte-street, said she left the deceased dni. and another child, aged two years, by themselves. There was a small tire in the grate. About ten o'clock Su 4anne Folding heard some screams, and on going into the street found the girl a mass of flames. She wrapped a mat round her, by which the flames were extinguished. Susanne Golding corroborated the foregoin4 state- ment. Martha Warburton, matron, said the child was admitted on Friday morning,and died the same afternoon. The Coroner said a mother's first duty was to her children, and she had no business to leave them by themselves. A verdict of" Accidental death" was returned. GROSS NEGLECT OF CHILDREN' •AT WIDNES.

At the Widnes Police Court, on Wednesday, before the Mayor (Alderman G I Neil) and Mr. B Brown, John Reynolds and Margaret Reynolds, Water - street, were charged with neglecting their family, namely, Joseph, aged twelve; Edward, ten; James, eight : Mary, four; and a baby, seven months, on the Bth December and on divers other dates. Mr Knowles. solicitor, presecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.O C. Alter police evidence had been heard, Inspector Hackett, N.8.P.C.C., said he hal had the case under notice for some time. On the 18th December he visited the house and found the woman under the Influence of drink. There was no food in the house with the exception of half-a-pound of bread. The upstairs portion was in a disgraceful state. He had seen better pigsties. The furniture was very scanty, most of the things being in the hands of the pawnbroker. The bed was in a filthy condition, and the children practically slept on the iron rods—John Reynolds, who pleaded not guilty, said he was not to blame. He worked hard, and gave his wife his money, She usually spent it in drink. The Mayor characterised the case as a very painful one which had given them much anxiety. There was only one way out of the difficulty. He hoped the lesson they would have to learn would make them more careful in future. Tney would each be sent to goal for one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
SWELLING THE MILLION GUINEAS FUND

The quarterly meeting of the Runcorn iVesleyan Circuii- was held in the Guild Parlour, Brunswick School, on Monday. The Rev A Wells occupied the chair. The chief item of business was a resolution, proposed by Mr A R Norman, seconded by Mr R Posnet, to raise 1,600 guineas, instead of the 1,330 guineas originally promises, towards the million- guineas scheme. It will be remembered that the Liverpool district, in which Runcorn is included, decided, at an early date, to raise 50,000 guineas; but at the conference last year, it was resolved, if possible to make that sum into 70,000 guineas. This amount, with the exception of a little over 13,000 has been raised, and therefore with a view of rais- ing the additional sun required, the Chairman of the District has written to the off districts asking what promises they could offer towards making up the amount. The Runcorn Wesleyaus have unani- mously decided to add 270 guineas to the amount they had already promised, making a total for the Runcorn Circuit of 1,600 guineas, instead of the 1,330 promised last year. It is interesting to note that at the meeting on Monday evening no less than 135 guineas towards this additional call was volun- tarily subscribed by those present. The financial positions of the circuit is also considerably better than it has been for some time past,a deficit having been wipod off by the proceeds of the lecture de- livered by the Rev A Wells on "Pompeii" some time ago. There was a representative attendance at the nieetinu. RUNCORN BOARD S_CIIOOL BOYS' CONCERT.

In past years the concerts in connection with Victoria-road Board Schools were by no means the least enjoyable of the winter season, and their dis- continuance a couple of years ago was a source of great regret. Mr J F Moulton, the Head master,and his efficient staff of teachers revived the custom on Wednesday evening, when the Drill Hall was crowded with an audience who evinced the most lively pleasure in the excellent " bill of fare " pre- sented. The first part of the programme consisted of miicellaneous items, and gave opportunity to many boys to display their beautifully clear, sweet and expressive voices and no mean order of musical ability for such young performers. The choruses were admirably rendered, and the action songs " Chinamen " by 10 boys and "Boys in Khaki" by 12 senior bov3, and "Get under de 'Brella " by junior boys, were splendidly sung and entertaining in their spectacular display ; as was also the action song "The Tall Top Hat" by 24 boys, the leader being a mite who quite endeared him- self to the audience. Able performances were the drills with the dumbbells and hoops and the sword drill by the "Jolly Tars." Masters R Moulton, T Steele and H Roberts, gave an effective rendition of the song "Urchins we" in character, and Master ' II Goodier as the "Jovial Auctioneer" was a great success, and his satellite the bellman was well portrayed by Master K Branch, Master J J Lunt sweetly rendered " I attempt from love's sickness to fly." The sketch entitled "The Irish school work," by a number of boys, Master A Blinston ably filling the title role, created roars of laughter. The second part of tne programme consisting of a minstrel entertainment by the Board School Nigger Troupe, and bind was a highly successful perfor- mance. The songs and choruses were given with a brightness, and a degree of appropriate action that left nothing to be desired and the jokes lost noth- ing in the telling, and were much appreciated. Mmter F Robinson was a capable intercoluter. Dur- ing the interval Mr John Littler, a member of the School 'Board moved, end the Rev. F. Chambers seconded the usual vote of thanks, high praise being accorded Mr Moulton and his staff for the manner in which they had trained the young folk, By special request the entettainment was repeated last evening. LAMPS. Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves.--S. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrlogton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL LIFT' YOU

OFF THE EARTH,. ALF TAYLOR'S, WONDKRFUL BO YV.

MADE TO FIT, AND FIT TO WEAR BY EVERYBODY EVERYWIIERE.

45, lIORSENIARKrr.T STREST, WARRINGTON. PATRONIZE YOUR OWN rOANS3AAN.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA. SLTADIY SCEIOOL RE:NCJILti.

In this school on Tuesday evening a number of children froln the United Methodist Free Church, Widnes, gave an exce:l,nt entertainment to a good audience. The first part-of the programme consisted of miscellaneous items, and the second part of a highly interesting sketch,entitled "Jack Frost," and the entire performance reflected great credit upon Miss Forrest, the director. and the young people themselves. A SAILOR MISSING—:STRINGE CASE.

Paul Jeay, a native of Jersey, Channel Isles, A.B. on the schooner, "Lancashire uad,.' disappeared un- der somewhat mysterious circumstances on Tuesday evening. The vessel arrived in the tidal basin that day, aad Jeay and a shipmate named George Wilson spent several hours in Runcorn on Tuesday after- noon en3oying themselves. They returned to the ship at tea time, and Wilson who was departing by train obtained his bag. Jeay was to accompany him to the starioa. Wilson left the vessel first, and was waking along the quay side, expecting Jeay to follow him when he heard Jetty cry out "George! G-eorga! " but when he turned round Jeay was no- where to be seen and there was no disturbance of the water in the dock. It was however felt certain that he had fallen into the water and been drowned, air: information reaching the police station, Superintendent Pearson bad the dock dragged with grapnels for several hours without result. On Wednesday morning Mr W Shaw, the seamen's missionary, resumed the search with his patent grapnels, but up to evening the body of the missing man had not been recovered.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightlg meeting of the above Council was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday. Mr Joseph Knlwles J.P.,presided ani there were pre Admiral Jones-Parry, Messrs Woodward, .1 Mclntyre. T Wright, H B Chadwick, J Mosel y Williams, C E Linker, E A Wallington, W Fletcher, P Gleave, C Rawlinsou, J Spruce, J Stplies, T Baxter, E Clarke, T Darlington, T Lewis, S Horton, J Baueley, E Turner, E Bretherton, J Whitlow, Messrs George F Ashton (clerk), J Swinton (survere), J Farrington (inspector), and Dr Adams (meaical officer.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEER QUESTION.

The Local Government B )+rd forwarded a circular letter on the questionl of arsenic in beer With- out expressing any opinion on the question but wi'h the view of pointing out a means of discovering whether any risk is likely to arise in the district from the use of beer containing injurious ingrrdients,the Board directed attention to the powers which the Council possessed under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, of purchasing and submitting samples of beer for analysis be the Pubic Analyst, and to recommend that samples sly uld be tak'n forthwith. Glucose and other s :gar substitutes were used not only in the breo ing of beer, but also in the making of jams, syrups, sweets and similar artic e; of food, and the Board suggested for the consideration of the Council whether it would not be well that samples of some or all of such articles which are on sale in ths district should be purchased and submitted to the Public Analyst for analyss. The Board were informed that there was no difficulty in ascertaining whether beer or other articles of food contain arsenical poison. The Clerk explained that the County Council were taking and analysing samples all over the county, and if the Di trict Council did anything they would most likely only clash. He would suggest that the matter be lett over until he had written, to the County Council And ascertained how far they effected their district. (Hear, hear.)

Thig was aTreed ti. THE THELWALL N't7ISANCE.—" APPEAL TO CAESAR"

Toe Local Government Board wrote on December: 4th, forwarding to the Runcorn Rural District Council the arcunpanying copy of correspondence which has trkm office between the Bard and Nfr B.A. Naylor,of Cuorden Thelwal, Warrington, with reference to a nuisance arising from the alleged pollution of a brook by the piffo.nt from Mr Long's tannery, and requesting that the Board may he furnished with the observations of the District Council on the matter. At the same time the Local Government Board requested that the Council wor.ld instruct their Niedical Officer of. FleaPh to make a special report on the subj”c, giving full information as to the various sources causing pollution in the stream in question,with Special reference:to the effluent from Messrs Long's tannery : as to the stens taken by Messrs Long to treat their effl rent before discharge into the stream, and also as to the cause of the offensive smell complained of from the tannery :

De Vero Hotel, Keesington Palace, London W. Nore.nb r 2n3, 1900. Dear Sirs—l reside in Cheshire and lamin a difficulty respecting a nuisance arising from some modern method introduned by the local tannery. A. medical officer of health who came to spend an afternoon with a friend at our house almost lost his life come three weeks ago, through inhaling the poisonous fumes. The wife of another medical officer who came to see us was taken seriously ill. Several have beon quite prostrated, and I myself have been made very ill with the smell, The local authorrtv are I quite divided on the question and the medical officer after reporting the matter a nuisance has left the matter for the Rivers Pollution Committee to deal with. Unfortunately this Committee rarely deals with the effluent which pollutes an open di'ch and does not remove the smell which is found to be so injurious. Ido not want anything but what is quite fair. The dewily fumes are not continuous, and only experienced when some foul matter is discharged. This is sometimes sent down in the night time and early morning, when few persons are about and cm be controlled, i.e., can be kept back if an inspection is expected,

Yours faithfullr. R. A. NAYLOR. Local Government Board. Whitehall S W. 7th November. 1900

Sr,—.l am o directed by the Local Governmeut Board to advert to your letter of the 2nd inst and to state that before considering the matter the Board would wish to be furnished with information as to the exact locality of tho' tannery in question and the character and extent of the nuisance of which you c^mplain. If you have been in correspondence on the subj,ct with the District Council of the sanitary distrct in which the tannery is situat.3. the Board are desirous of being furnished with a copy of such correspondence. I ain sir, your obedient servant,

(Signed) JOHN LITHIBY. Aeisirant Secretary. Culrden Halt, Thoi wall, Warrington NovembfAr 12th, 1900.

John Lithiby Eiq., Local Government Board. Dear Sir,—Your latter of the 7ch. In reply I beg to say the matter has been before the Rural District Council from the beginning of this year, the matter having ben dis- cussed more or less at every meeting since. The result is practically nothing done. I send you a report of their last meeting which is about similar to all the'others. On Saturdar night when we returned home our coachman Will too ill to meet us through this smell. Our visitors leave here through it, many are made really ill and you will road in theipaper I send you a letter from a medical man who almost lost his life through it. This smell has been a groat nuisance to us for over 3 years, ard I have tried all peaceful means to get the matter put right. Dr Kenyon Medical Officer of Health for Chester and combined areas, has reported upon the matter for me and he concludes his report by saying " this house is virtually unfit for human habitation." Dr Kenyon's wife was made very ill indeed through this smell anti I can furnish you with any amount of evidence as to its vileness and disastrous effects.—Yours faithfully. R. A. NAYLOR.

Some discussion ensued upin the question, but it was decided to leave the muter in the hands of the Local Government Board, who would no doubt see it to a conclusion.

The Medical Officer and Clerk intimated they would suppls the Local Government Board with all they required. the Clerk then read the following communication which he had received from Mr. R. A. Naylor, Warring- ton :—" I have your letter intimating that the Local Government Board have written requesting your Coon- cies observations respecting the nuisance of which I have so long complained and which unfortunately still exists. You are at perfect liberty to submit to them the whole of my correspondence and your Medical Officer can also forward them the numerous letters I have written him. A curious letter has been given me to read,dated Decem- ber Bth, 1900, from which perhaps your Council would spare time to read an extract. We have often dis- cussed the question with regard to Mr. Long's tannery and I have not agreed with all your arguments but am now quite convinced you were right; as I had a full benefit on Monday December 3rd, when going to Ray work. When about half way up the brook I got such a dreadful smell, which caused such a sensation I never felt in my life. It seemed to affect my throat and chest. I continued my work through the week under difficulty but found myself getting worse, till at last I have been ()Mined to call on a doctor. I told the doctor what I:thought was the cause ot.my throat being affected and the doctor was of opinion that the stench would be sufficient to cause it." This man like the majority of the members of your Council was 1 understood, accus- tomed to taiy-41 at the whole thing, but just one dose wou,d be sniff ient to convince your mast unt” lieving member •hit a nuisance has and does exist, which de- mands the most searching investigation,"

THE WESTON-ROAD. Mr Reginald Potts, dull to the County Council, wrote to Mr A.,htori the clerk as follows under date 17h December :—" I submitted your letter of tbe 27th October last to the Main Roads and Bridges Committee et its me,ting on Thursday last wh,n I Was instructed to intimate to you that the committee cannot at present entertain the proposal contained therein." TUE STEAM ROLLER AND THE HIGHWAYS. Mr T Baxter whc submitted the Highways Committee itep:r: for approval stated that the committee recom-

mended tio appointmaat of raNI at 274 a wask to act as foreman road maker, subject CdoOtrtain conditions to be agrecd to witt) a sub-mmmitted to meet him at Runcorn. They also rec imrnended the insurance of their workmen against accident, and the hiring out of the steam roller to the C ,unty Council at 35s a day the Di,trict Council to provide driver and c 'al. Mr Stokes seconded and the upon was adopted.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F77:ZMP;M

===== 0002601_19001221_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOT ES

[By a Correspondent].

Within the past few days Mr Lightburn clerk to ' the Runcorn School Board, has placed in the hands of the members an interesting document - with regard to the attendance at public ele entery schools in the town. It appears that the average number of children on the school registers during the past year was 3,402 and the average. attendance was 2,896 ; an increase of 41 on the previous year. The number of parents prosecuted before the magis- trates was 171, an increase of 35 over the previoug year. The highest percentage of attendance was at Victoria-road Board School namely 92.1. National School boys coming next with 805. The percent- age of attendance throughout including the boat children who are ever a source of anxiety and worry was 85.1 and is the highest hitherto recorded In the previous year the percentage was 84.9. rhis increased average attendance has came ! in govern- ment grants about .C6l 103 more than last year. The number of children absent every time the schools were opened was 506, one less than the previous year and as Mr Light- burn neatly phrases it "these figures show the regularity with which the irregular children do not attend school." This great evil, continued Mr Lightburn, is chiefly due to parental neglect, and making allowanee for excusable causes, has pro- duced a loss in Government grants to the schools in Runcorn of £558 10,i. It is anticipated that the increase in the maximum fine for non-attendance from 5s to 20s will have a beneficial effect upon neglectful parents. Compared with the rest of the country the average attendance in Runcorn is very good.

Apropos jof Education, Mr. J. M. Williams,chair- man of Runcorn Board of Guardians, mentioned a small grievance of parents at the meeting on Tues- day. It is, however, the little things that tell in this life. Mr. Williams pointed out that it was a hardship upon poor parent,' to compel them to pay for a doctor's certificate when a child is ill To a person with well-lined pockets 6d is a matter of no moment, but to a father earning perhaps 17s per week and a large family to keep 6d represents a very serious drain. Mr. Williams suggested that as education was compulsory, provision ought to be made for the payment of doctot's certificat' 83nd be asked the members to consider the question with a view of taking some action.

Ere another issue of the " Examiner," Christmas will have come and gone and I take this oppor- tunity of wishing the readers of this column a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. The holi- days this year will be fairly extensive, At most works,work will be su-pended at noon on Saturday and not resumed until Thursday morning.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. A. Thomas (in the chs.lo, and Mr.

• John Murray. PLAYING PLTCH AND Toss.—Frank Roughsedge, Robert Antrobus, Thomas Jackson, and Charles Davies were sum- moned for playing pitch and toss with money at Froisharc. on the 25th November. The defendants were observed play- ing pitch and toss by Sergeant Hunt and P.C. Disken. The officers watched them for some time through field glasses and then surprised them. Roughsedge, Jackson. and Davies were each fined Sc and 8s 64 costs, or 14 days' hard labotn, and Antrobus, who had hitherto a clean record, was fined 2s 6d and 8s 6d costs, or 7 days' hard labour, USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—Lydia Tierney, married woman. Ship-street, was fined 5s and 108 6d cote for using obsene language at Frocisharn, on the Ist December, as proved by Sergeant Hunt and P.C. Dicken. A CART WITHouT A LlGHT.—Charles Mort, farmer, Kingsley, for having charge of a ' horse and cart and not having a light attached to same, at Frodsham Lordship on the Ist December was fined 53. P.C. Fry proved the Case. FOOTBALL ON THE HlGHWAYi—lieubert /loose, Arthur Walker, and Thomas Sutton three youths, for playing foot- ball on the highway at Frocisharn Lordship on the 3rd December were ordered to pty 4s 61 each. DOG WITHOUT A COLLAR OR MUzzLE.—James Ouitram. tailor, Kingsley, was fined be. for allowing his dog to he at large without a collar or muzzle as prescribed by the Rabies Order at Frodsham Lordship, on the 2nd Decemh 'r —P.C. Fry proved the case. MISCHIEVOUS Bors.—Bdward Booth and Jarn,..l loud, two youths, were ordered to pay 4s 6d costs each for setting fire to a fence, the property of Kessrs W Device and Sons at Frodsham on the 28th Novemter.

THE LAST CHRISTMAS OF TH!] CENTURY.

GRAND

CHRISTMAS DISPLAY

OF TRH

===== 0002601_19001221_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NOVELTIES

SUITABLE FOR

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS,

AT YE "SIGN OF YE GLOVE,"

===== 0002601_19001221_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
KEPT BY YR FAMOUS

GLOVERS, MILLINERS, AND FANCY

DRAPERS.

lIENRY MILES

AN 0 COMPANY, 25 & 25A, CHURCH STREET

(OPPOSITE PRO-C MIEDRAL). LIVERPOOL.

In honouz of the unique historic e7ent—FATHER CHRISTMA'3'i last appaarance this Century— MESSRS. HENRY MILES ,t CO., have provided a MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION of the LATEST NOVELTIES. suitable for Seasonable Gifts pleasing to Young and Old, " Gentle and Simple." Although Father Christmas. like the German Emperor, is pr& vented by previous engagements from attending in persin, this foreseen fact will not lessen the nurnb.r or attractiveness of the Special Bargains which. with Santa Claus-like goodwill, have been poured into every Department.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL VALUE

HIGH-CLASS MILLINERY, GLOVES, FURS, HOSIERY, RIBBONS, LADIES' BELTS, GARTERS, SLIPPERS, COMBS, FANS, BAGS, PURSES, COMPANIONS, SACHETS, SILK SQUARES, HANDKERCHIEFS, Um BRELLAS, FANCY GOODS, JEWELLERY, SMALLWARES, PERFUMERY, MADE-UP LACE GOODS, PIECE LACES, VEILINGS, BABY-LINEN, LADIES' UNDER— CLOTHING, DRESSING JACKETS, TEA GOWNS, SHIRTS AND BLOUSES, CORSETS, SKIRTS, APRONS, CAPS, WRAPS, STOCKINETTE, UNDERWEAR, sce.,

AT HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE." 25 AND 25,CHURCH-STREET.

(OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL),

LIVRILPOOL. TELEPHONE 7385.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON

—THE MUSEUM COMMITTEE BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE COMI3E TreUSTEES. A COURalf OF EIGHT LECTURES, ILLUSTRATF.D WITH EXPERIM NTS AND THE LANTERN, ON .• FOOD AND NURITioN," WILL RE DELIVERED IN THE CO-9PERAIIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET. BY PROF. WILLIAM STERLING, M,F)., PROFESSOR OF PHYSIOLOGY. THE OWENS COLLEGE, ON TUESDAY EVENINGS. COMMENCING JANUARY BTH. AT 7.30 PH. ADMISSION FREE, Front Seats, 2$ for the Course. Full Syllabes, threepence. CHARLES MADECLEY, Secretary.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INA

===== 0002601_19001221_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
(:,477i ) ..')‘ . I' 1 il, ; - '. 'I ' - ! 1 . ; , , , ,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
• • ,r

it • , , •

t-7,t1 • t

.11'1 1/4,41,-' 7,, .

,•., :-, ,-,,,. -A,,,'.- :, '-i't.'i '",,- , %,,, Rl' :-- .11.'''' 6-,-.: , c., : c,,,,,, , ;,,,,,,,,- , - -„,...; , --i-", t, -.‘----:;.; : i -.;, _. t ,/:: biflit 'I *,/` '`,4:-.-;'). , ; ~, ..,, i, , -A ~, ~..,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
" HOME " AGAIN.

The charms of " Home " gq with us, wherever duty or pleasure calls, whether in peaceful occupations, or in the stern necessities of war. How intensely precious must " Home" be to those who are retnrning from the struggles and hardships endured in South Africa. Think of the sick and wounded invalided " Home," to the care of mother, wife, or friends, who are only too anxious to have their dear ones with them again, to nurse them back into a new life of perfect 11,mlth and strength. At such a time, the great recuperative Tonic is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It gives power to the weak limbs, it steadies the nerves, brighten:, the eye, infuses new hope, and builds up the system anew. Many patients that have been suffering from Enteric and other wasting diseases, simply require to be systematically treated with a tonic restorative. A complete rest and a reviving tonic, is all they require. In Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, this will be found in its highest perfec- tion. The Best Remedy for Loss of Appetite. Indigestion. Impure Blood, Chest Diseases, and Influenza.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T LOSE TIME.

People are continually wcndering where to go for some new remedy, when they feel " Out of sorts," " Not up to the mark," or "only Middling." We say "Don't go.' come and get the well-tried and proved Remedy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Do you suffer from Indigestiorl Do you feel "Tired "at your work? If so, take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters and ou will soon be right again. Chronic sufferers are sometimes averse to be always changing their medicine, and rightly so, but it does happen at times that a change would lead to a better state of thing. For instance, if you are suffering from extreme weakness, and are gradually making up your mind to a prolonged illness, you are making a great mistake if you have not tried Gwil.pn Evans' !Quinine Bitters. Will you try it ? Don't lose time. It is the best remedy for General Debility, Low Spirits. and Nervousness. Its tonic qualities infuse new life, and you soon see the sunny side of nature again, and cheerful content comes with a gradual gain of strength. For Chest Affections, and to guard off Influenza, try this excellent vegetable tonic restorative. Be sure that you get it, when you ask for it. Don't buy worthless imitations. Say you want Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and see that the name" Gwilym Evans' "is on the label, on the stamp, end on the bottle, without which none are genuine. Gwilym Eqans' Quint! e Bitters is sold in bottles. 23 91 and 4.3 6,1 each, by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be sent, carriage free, direct from The Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court. BATITRDAY.—Before Mr T Birchen (in the chair), Alderman Heaton and Mr It T Fairclough. SCENE IN TUE WOMIIOI/BE.—ATTACIK ON AN INMATE.—, An elderly woman named Bridget Curley. an inmate of the Workhon• e, was charged with teeing disorderly in that insti tintion on the 14th inst. and also with assaulting Mary Burke another inmate.—Mr B Shearer conducted the prose- cution on behalf of the Board of Guardians.—Mrs Noble, an assistant to the matron atithe workhouse, stated that on Friday morning both the women were under her charge. She had occasion to go into the next room and on return- ing heard 'screams and saw Curley gripping Burke by the throat. She was of opinion if she had been far away she could not have got back in time to pre- vent Curley from strangling the other inmate. She had to drag the woman away by force and had great difficulty in reetrain- ing her from attacking Burke again. Prisoner bad conducted herself in a strange manner since she had been in the Work- bouse.—Mary Barka gave confirmative evidence.—Mr. Shearer: Did Curley hurt vou?—Witness : No Sir.— a' r. Shear. r: You don't want to send her to prison—Witness: No sir.—The magistrates committed the prisoner to goal for 14 days. the Chairman remarking that they could not allow in- mates to go on the warpath in that manner. MoNDAY.—Before Mr T Monks (in the chair), Alderman Beaton, Messrs Birchall. H ay ward. Wright and Thornton. A FILTUT HoUSE.—John William Jackson, b4i , Knutaferd- road, was summoned to show cause why an order should not be made upon him to abate a nuisance existing at his resid- ence. arising from filthy walls, ceilings and floors.—lnspector • Borman stated that he went to the house but the defendant would not edmit an,one. The back windows were broken and he could see inside the house. A more filthy house tie never saw in his life. Cobwebs 18 inches long, were hang- ng from the ceiling. The landlord wanted defendant to leave the premises but rather than leave, he was paying louble rent.—The Bench made an order for the nuiaance to be abated within seven days.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

lioNDA,Y,—Be'ore Masers: F J Norman, anti J,Ockleston.

LICENsING.—lhoma. Ellams, was granted temporary authority to sell at the Fox Tavern. Runcorn.—Mr Norman: Are you satisfied about that back door yet ?—Superintendenr, Well, not exactly sir; hut there is Ho objection to the appli- eant's character. KRYUSING To QUIT LICENSED PREMlsES.—William Done, and John Wilding, of Weston Point, labourers, were sum monad for being drunk on licensed premises, on the Bth December.—Both pleaded gent,/ —P.C. Rowlands.of Weston Point, testified to going to the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, and finding the defendants there drunk The landlord in their presence stated he had retused to serve the men.—Mr Broderick, the landlord corroborated.—Done was fined 5s and 85 6i costs, and W ilding, who had been in court before, was fined lOs and 8s 6d Costs. PURSUING AND KILLING GAME AT HALToN.—John Povey. Penningtou't-row, Runcorn, labouier, was summoned by George higher. for trespassing upon land in the occupation of Mr John Tomlinson, Na ton, On the 9th e December in search of game, and also for, at the same time and place, killing game.—George Rigby, head gamekeeper to Sir Richard Brooke, said on Sunday the 9th December, he was on duty near Astmoor Bridge. He saw Povey in company with five other men. They hat pigeons with them and set them off. After they had done so the men went on the land over which Sir Richard Brooke had the rieht of shooting.and with dogs ran a hare which was killed, He only knew Povey. They failed to, catch up to the other men, and Povey was the only one be could swear to.—Pd war d Slater, gardener to Sir hichard Biooke, corroborated, and ended that he went with Rigby on his bicycle to try and round the men off.— Joseph Houghton, assistant gamekeeper, who was in com- pany with the last witnesses also corridaoratesi. He was sure of Povey, .because he was present when they caught him on a previous occas!on.—Defendant elected to to give evidence. He was a boiler cleaner employed at the Old Quay. He was not on the land at heltou as stated by the witnesses, and he did not take the hare. At the time alleged by the witnesses for the prosecution, he was at home. He turned out from " Forsha w's," in Cana -street, at closing time 2.3:, and got home about 25 minutes to 3. He then started cleaning out a pigeon cote, widch took him an hour at least. bubsequently he weaned himself and had tea about 4.30 He lay on the sofa until " opening-time " again, and then went back to" Forshaw's" beer house. where he stayed until 9-30, and then Went home. He had a greyhound dog for which he had a licence but had no licence to kill game. He had been summoned before for some treipiss about a twelve month pre vlous, and on two summonees was fin,cl 29s.—Robert Hcplev, tanner's labourer, Highfield Cottage. said he had known Povey. for about 14 years. Mr Rigby had asked him, a week last Sundayess he was going over the Bate's Bridge, If he had seen "Jack Povey ?" lie replied he had not "seen him at all that day. As he stood on the bridge he saw a gang of about six men running. He could not see where they were coming from. They would have to pass close to him, and he was sure that Povey. Ler anyone line him, was not present.—Defendant's wife Mary Elizabeth, swore her husband mime borne from " Forshaw's " about 25 minutes to 3 He bad, his dinner, and lay on the sofa until about 5 o'clock, when she wakened him to have his tea. About 5.30 he went Out of the street, but she coul: not tell where he went to.—Questioned by the Magistrates' Clerk, witness added her husband did clean out a pigeort-cote. but she could not tell whether it was before or after he hid dinner.—The Chairman : There is a lot of cross-swearing in this case, but we have decided to give you the benefit of the doubt. The ease will be dismissed. WARRINGTON POACHERS HEAVILY FINED.—John Smith 147, Liverpool-rOad. eankey Bridges. James Davidson, 23, Cartwright-street. Bank Quay. and James Holden, of War, rington. was summoned by Joseph Houghton. of Norton- for trespassing on land in the occupation of the Manchester. Ship Canal Company, in search of game, on the 10th of December.—Defendants pleaded not guilty.—Josepit Hough- ton a.sistant gamekeeper to Sir Richard Brooke, swore on Monday, the 10th December. he was on duty alongside the Manchester Ship Canal in the township of Norton. He heard three shots. aeout .1 o'clock in the forenoon. The sound ap- peared to come from the opposite tide of the Ship Canal to that on which he stood. He crept up and saw the three -d-fendants searching the bank over for partridge.and he saw a covey get up in fruit of them and they shot at it. They each had a gun.—By the Beneh : The place was near the Tipping place,near the Rand e Sluices.—Defendants were Warriugton, men. and had come down the river in a boat. On seeing tnem shoot at the partridges. be crept up and an- other man. Jones crept up. Witness did not let himself be seen, but waited a little lower down thinking they would make for there, They did mot however. When the tide came up the men went on to Warrington and they followed. He tat Mr Rigby and subsequently he communicated with the Warrington police. 1 he boat the men were in was a green painted one,but witness did not think it had a name.—Defendants asked no ques- tions,—Joseph Jones, another gamekeeper, corroboratea.and adder he never lost sight of the boat all the way to Bank Qu sy, where it was met by the Warrington policeinan.— Allred Wood. P.C. for the Boroug:e of Warrington, stationed at Sankey Bridges, said he was on duty near Liverpool-road, and saw the three men who carried guns and were aecom- panied by dogs going In the direction of Fiddler's Ferry. He received a telephone message later in the day from Mr Rigby. and went to the Ferry and met the men returning. They were well known men especially IDavidson and Smith who gave them a lot of trouble.—Smith and Davidson, who elected to give evidence, admitted being in the tend. but swore they die not leave it or fire at any partridges. Holden lett the boat a little before they did, but did not take any- thing with him in the shape cf game. They only fired at " peewits " and seagulls, and did not leave the boat at all. Hoiden made a statement in agreement, with that of Smith and Davldson.—The Chairman said Smith would be fined 20s end 14s 6,1 costs. Davidson 30s and 14s 6d coats, and Holden 20s and 14s 6d costs. Each case would carry 14 days' imprisonment in default. S. STREET DANGER.—George Duckett, the younger, hawker, of Church-street, pleaded not guilty to driving his cart through the streets at 10,45 on the Bth of December without a light.—P.C.'s Wilson and Nicholls testified that the defendant wad driving his cart at a furious rate down the Doctor's Bridge, and Regent street shouting loudly. There was no light on the cart, and defendant was creating quite a disturbance.—Johe Duckett, fishmonger, said he saw a man. Wooley, in a cart with a light, when the cart came down Regent-strget.—William Edward Wooley, in the employ of 11r, Duckett, senior, swore he was in the cart and carried a ight. He was sitting in the front.—By Superintendent : He was carrying the lamp because there was no place to put K.—Ordered to pay aosta Ca 6d.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1, ..,,,1 .

===== 0002601_19001221_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(ttireiht.)

===== 0002601_19001221_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHRISTMAS BETROTHAL.

BY CLA R A 11 ',HOLLAND,

Author of "A Fats" Step," "The Mystery of Abbeylands," "Two Against One," "Muriere Faith," "The Strange Disaupearance of Lance Martin," &c.

Verona awoke one morning, and, in a dreamy, half-pleased, half-sad fashion, remembered that she was eighteen. She yawned, stretched herself, and sat up lazily. It was late, quite ten o'clock, yet her maid had not come in to pull up the blinds or bring her her early cup of tea. She had been warned that this would happen, so was not surprised. It was her duty to sleep as long as possible, for she was to go to her first ball that night. Her heart danced, her cheeks glowed at the thought, and she sprang out of bed. Further rest was out of the question. To lie there was only so much waste of time. She felt she must be up and doing on this the first day of her young lady- hood. She threw her pretty pink dressing-gown round her shoulders, thrust her feet into her slippers, and tripping across the floor drew aside the curtain and stood, her elbows on the window- sill, looking out. The scene before her was a charming one. The old gardens below were covered in snow. The trees and. shrubs, white with frost and rime, sparkled and shone, sending forth countless iridescent colours in the sunshine.

Across the lawn, making his way with some difficulty through the deep snow, walked a tall, dark-haired man of four or five and twenty, a gun upon his shoulder, a dog at his heels. _ _ _

With a blush and a smile Verona withdrew hastily. As she did so he raised his head, and his eyes rested for a moment upon the window of her room. Then he whistled to the little terrier and tramped on. From her post behind the curtain Verona watched him, a smile upon her lips, a gleam of admiration in her eyes. "Dear, kind Fred," she sighed, as he dis- appeared, hidden from her sight by a big clump of snow-topped rhododendrons. "There's no one like him, so good, so true, so noble, so handsome. And yet what a poor position is his; my father's agent, a man bound to work for his living, and that but a paltry one. No one would hear of it— if he—if I—i f we were both so .foolish as to— But there, it cannot be. I could not endure it. I am ambitious and require more than he can give. Of what use to be beautiful only to love and marry a poor agent? As the Countess of Minton! Ah, that is what will suit me."

She took up a hand-mirror from the dressing- table and examined herself with extreme satisfac- tion. Her hair was like spun gold, and fine, soft, and abundant. Her cheeks and lips were pink; her eyes a light blue, darkly shaded by thick black lashes; her brows well-marked yet daintily pencilled. She was tall and slender, and carried herself with the air of a princess.

Neither Verona nor her friends could tell whether her beauty and refinement were not more a matter of accident than a right of inheritance; for, as far as anyone knew, she was not entitled, either by birth or breeding, to the marvellous loveliness and look of distinction for which she had been remarkable even in her babyhood. Be that as it may, these graces had decided her fate, and placed her in the luxurious home in which we find her at the beginning of this story.

Sixteen years before, whilst travelling in Italy Mr. and Mrs. Norman Fair broke their journey at Verona. By chance they put up at a small hotel in a quiet and almost unfrequented part of the quaint old town. Here Mrs. Fair fell ill, and during her convalescence she formed a deep attach- ment to a tiny girl, who every morning toddled into her room to offer her a few roses or a bouquet of sweettscented lilies. The graceful little creature completely won her heart. She had never seen a child so lovely, and when she found that she was only a waif, kept by the landlord out of charity, she implored her husband to allow her to adopt her and take her home. Greatly pleased with the little one himself, Mr. Fair agreed, on condition that there were no impecunious relatives likely to turn up to claim her later on, or worry him for money. The landlord assured him that such a thing was impossible. The child had been left to his care by a young woman to whom he had given shelter one wild winter's night. She was ill when he admitted her to the hotel, and had died the next morning. She was an American, the widow of a courier dead some six months before. She begged him to be kind to her baby, declaring she had not a friend in the world to whom she could send it, and he had promised to do what he could for her helpless infant. "So far she has been no trouble," he said. "The chambermaids love and look after her. " However, I cannot keep her much longer, If Signora Fair adopts her, well and good; if not she must go to an orphanage."

At this Mrs. Fair cattght the baby to her breast and vowed she would never give her up. She had no child of her own, and had longed for one day and night. It would make her very happy to adopt this lovely little girl.

Her husband said she might do as she pleased, and so the matter was settled.

A few weeks later the Fairs set out for England, accompanied by a picturesque-looking Italian nurse and the pretty child, whom Mrs. Fair had decided was to be henceforth called by the fanciful name Verona.

The Fairs were wealthy people, and their home in Buckinghamshire was one of the finest old houses in the county. But as their wealth had been but recently acquired and in trade, their position was a little uncertain, their standing in the nighbour- hood not at all what they desired. In beautiful Glastonwold, surrounded by every luxury, pampered and petted to her heart's content, the little waif had grown and developed into a lovely maiden. In all the countryside there was no one to equal her in beauty and accomplish- ments; and as she emerged from childhood and was seen riding and dtiving through the pretty lanes, or visiting the poor people in the village, many admiring eyes were turned upon her. Every- one asked her name and wanted to know her. And when at last it was rumoured that the stately and exclusive Countess of Minton with her son, the Earl, had called and paid frequent visits at Glastonwold, every lady of any importance for miles round found that it was her duty to do like- wise. And so, before Verona had left the school- room she had received adulation enough to turn an older and a wiser head, and was fully convinced that the first thing necessary for happiness was to be beautiful, the second, to marry well. She was a nobody she knew; but her adopted father had promised her a large fortune, and the world was at her feet. So she determined to make the most of her opportunities, and, putting aside all ideas of love and liking, marry the man who could best satisfy her ambition by placing .her in an undoubtedly high and enviable position. These doctrines had been constantly instilled into her mind from her earliest years by her adopted parents, and so completely did she appear to have imbibed them that they never imagined for a moment that she wotild ever be induced to swerve from them by any feeling or consideration. Mr. and Mrs. Fair were devoted to the lovely girl. She had given them entire satisfaction, and they looked upon her as their own child. They loved her very dearly, and were not too proud to acknowledge the benefit they had reaped from her presence in their home. Thanks to her, they had won their way into the good graces of their neigh- bours, and because of her, they were invited to all the best houses in the county. A great future was in store for Verona, they told themselves, and they spared neither. trouble nor expense in their anxiety to show her off and give her every advantage and opportunity. Full of admiration for the girl's beauty and marvellous powers of fascination, they were not surprised, therefore, when, some six weeks before her eighteenth birthday, the Earl of Minton made her a formal offer of tuaeriage. Ho was a man of the world; not particularly agreeable, and some forty years of age. But he was an earl, and, though deeply in debt, owner of a fine house and a good property. So they welcomed him gladly as a suitor for beautiful Verona ; and, looking upon her as a most fortunate young person, rejoiced openly when she agreed to become his wife.

"I am really pleased," Mrs. Fair remarked to her husband when it was all settled and she had seen Verona off for a walk round the park with her betrothed, "for although the sweet girl is so sensible, I was beginning to fear Fred Constantine's influence. He is handsome, and they have always been so much together." Her husband laughed. "What a romantic

===== 0002601_19001221_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEB, RII) A N, DECEMBER 21, 1900.

creature you are, _petty trecl Is as poor as a church mouse, though he is a gentleman and a charming fellow. But Verona's head is screwed on the right way. ii.atisfactory thing love is, and 1t.).. uett er money and position and name ar ir t‘,:!;.; rim. Fancy oar little waif a Countess ! it's ,4itnnly splendid. I'm dying to announce the engagena.ut. It will create quite a sensation, and many will be the broken hearts caused by it on all sides." IBut, to his annoyance, Verona would not allow , her engagement to be spoken of for some time. "After the ball you may talk of it, and announce it in the Morning Post," she said, with decision. 1"Till that, my eighteenth birthday, and Christmas are over I wish to enjoy myself. An engaged girl has no fun. Men fight shy of her, and pay her no . attention ;.so not a word. Lord Minton has agreed , to be silent; you must do the same." Not wishing to thwart her unnecessarily, they consented to keep the matter secret, and things went on much as usual at Glastonwold.

The ball to be given in honour of Verona's birth- day, a few nights before , Christmas, was to be a big affair, an entertainment the like of which had never been seen in the neighbourhood before. Everything was to be done on the most splendid scale. The music, supper, wine, lights and flowers, were to be as perfect as London and money could produce. The house was filled with visitors. Lord Minton and his mother, and a host of people of his set, introduced to the Fairs by him, and known to them only as his friends, filled the best rooms, and made themselves quite at home. The place rang with life and merriment from morning till night, and the revels were expected to last till after Christmas. As Verona laid down the mirror with a well- pleased smile, and sank into the depths of a luxurious armchair, the door opened and her maid entered the room. In one hand she carried a large bouquet of exquisite exotics, from which hung long streamers of white satin ribbon, the ends edged with silver fringe. To one of these Lord Minton's card was fastened by a diamond brooch. "There," cried Selina, holding out the bouquet, "isn't that superb ? " Verona glanced at it carelessly. "Very. From Covent Garden, I suppose." "Straight. His lordship watched Richards un- pack it, and pinned his card, on himself—with this." "Ah !" The girl took the brooch, and, looking at it with sparkling eyes, fastened it in amongst the lace upon her dressing-gown. "This is nice. Put the bouquet in a vase in the boudoir till the evening." "And these ? " Selina drew her other hand from behind her back, and held out a few white roses and maidenhair, lightly flung together and tied with a silken thread, to which was attached a slip of paper, with these words written upon it in a clear hand:

Many happy returns of the day. —FR."

"How- sweet-I" Verona raised-the blossoms to ner lips. "How deliciously fresh and simple. Grown in the hothouse at Melrose, I daresay."....

"Yes, miss; tended and looked after by Mr. Constantine himself. Shall I put them in the boudoir too, miss ? " "No. I'll do so presently myself. Be quick, Selina, and bring me my breakfast. I want to go out; and be careful of that bouquet—it is very costly." "Indeed it is—and beautiful. It will look lovely with your dress to-night, miss," and the maid hurried away. That afternoon the Glastonwold house-party spent several hours skating upon the big lake at the bottom of the park. The ice was perfect, and the scene was a brilliant and lively one; the bright drebses of the happy young skaters as they went swiftly to and fro standing out in picturesque relief against' the dazzling whiteness of the surrounding snow. The merriest and most gracefully energetic of the many charming girls was Verona—Verona in crimson velvet and sables, a small feather-trimmed toque upon her golden hair. The Earl of Minton was not present. He had been called to London that morning on urgent business, and went away full of regret, but promising to return without fail in time for the ball in the evening. Disappointed for a moment, Verona soon recovered her usual spirits. As she sat down near the lake to have her skates nut on, Fred Constantine sprang forward, and with an eager "Allow me," dropped on one knee before her, and with quick and dexterous fingers fastened every buckle securely. He was a tall, handsome fellow, and an excellent skater, and many envious, though perforce admir- ing eyes followed him as, taking Verona's little gloved hand within his own, he swung along with her across the ice. The hours flew past like moments, and when tea- time came round they left the ice sadly, and walked silently back to the house together. "You will wear my flowers to-night, Verona?" he said, in a low voice, as they parted at the door. "Just one or two in token of our friendship." "I will," she cried, impulsively, hardly knowing what she said, her lovely eyes upon his face, the soft colour coming and going in her cheeks, "and no others. You are my best—my oldest friend." And then, turning away, she ran into the house. "Oh, if I dared think, dared hope," murmured Fred Constantine, as he went with unsteady feet over the frozen ground. "But it is—it would be— folly. And yet, my darling, I would make you happier than any man amongst them, no matter how great." That night, when Verona, a radiant vision in white satin and tulle, her only ornament a bunch of small white roses, glided softly into the ball- room, Lord Minton hurried to her side.

"How lovely!" he whispered. "One could fancy you a creature from the other world." . .

Verona laughed gaily, and made him a sweeping curtsey. "Thank you. I prefer to belong to this world—just at present." "I should say so. But "—his eyes wandering from her lovely face to her slim, lithe figure, in its simple yet elegant attire—" why do you not carry my bouquet? Why do you not wear my brooch ? " "Diamonds are not for the young," she replied, with an airy wave of her hand; "and a bouquet would hamper my movements and weary me. I am going to dance, not to pass my time as a bouquet holder. But "—seeing a gathering frown upon his brow—"your bouquet is beautiful; and I have it and the brooch side by side, amongst my treasures." "But the flowers will withet. You will cast them aside to-morrow."

"Such is life. What we cherish to-day "—she just touched the roses upon her breast with caress- ing finger-tips—"passes from us to-morrow. But the diamonds "—with a quick, sweet glance—" will last. So do not despair. You have much to be thankful for."

"You lovely little syren, so I have I And now, may I have a dance? " "As many as you please. But, no. As our en- gagement is not yet announced, you must be con- tent with three. See, my partners are crowding round. So you must not be greedy. Shew your- self generous, and let me enjoy myself to-night." "'You ought to do so more completely with rue than anyone else." "I ought," she murmured under her breath, "but I don't." Then aloud, and smiling sweetly up into his face: You may have two more after supper. The very last on the programme. So cheer up," and, before he had time to reply, she turned to speak to several pleasant-looking 1. young fellows, who were clamouring for dances. The ball was at its height. The dancing-room was hot to suffocation, and towards the end of a waltz, the second they had danced together that night, Verona begged Fred Constantine to take her into the conservatory. Most willingly he complied with her request, and his heart throbbed with a feeling of wild delight, when as they entered and seated themselves in a secluded corner amongst the flowers and branching palms, he looked round and saw that they were alone. Everyone was in the dancing-room or down at supper. This charming retreat, so cool and fragrant, was deserted for the moment, and Verona gave a little sigh of pleasure as she sank into a low seat near a bank of brilliant and sweet-smelling blossoms. "How delicious, Fred, if we could stay here for ever ! "

"Verona! If we could! Here—or anywhere— together." He caught her hand. "My love My love !" His soul was in his eyes. "Oh, mine own, you do love me? You will be my wife?" Verona's face was ghastly. Her lips quivered, and she looked at him in anguish. "Fred, Fred! Why "—she wrung her hands— "oh, why did I not know ? Why not guess? But, alas! I thought only of position—nothing of love; blinded myself to my true feelings ; and my soul is full of woe; for now I suddenly realise what I have lost. But it is too late—too late. I have promised— () Fred ! "—she wrung her hands—"to marry the Earl of Minton."

"The—My darlin,!..." He grew pale as death, and bowed his head 5tu11.,% "Then all is over. And' would have loved yoli i‘el I—made you so happy. Whilst I was a mere did not dare approach you to tell you of But this very day, Verona, I have silee..e..l •iiiito unexpectedly, to a Drattr home in the •i - .ild a nice little pre*

perty. When the news reached me this evening-"' "Hush ! It would have been heaven. But I have given my word—to an honourable gentleman. I—l cannot in honour take it back."

"Verona, you do not love him. You must not marry him."

"I must." She rose to her feet. "Do not make it harder than needs be, Fred. Good-bye."

She went swiftly across the conservatory, and, opsuing a little side door leading out upon the back staircase, turned and waved her hand to him, then disappeared.

"The Earl of Minton! 0 God! A roué and ei gambler," cried Fred. "If only she knew him for what he is she would fly to the uttermost ends of the earth to avoid him. An honourable gentleman, you called him! Would that he were. But, my darling, my darling, he is anything but that. Yet who is to tell you ? Who warn you of your danger? My hands are tied—l dare not do it. My motives would be suspected. And some things are difficult to prove. But I hope and pray that some unex- pected, yet fortunate discovery may make you see that nothing—no promise, no matter how solemn— could bind you in honour to become the Earl of Minton's wife."

Verona did not appear again in the ballroom, and her betrothed looked for her in vain, when the after-supper dances began. "Verona has gone to bed," Mrs. Fair whispered in his ear.

lie turned upon her in surprise. "To bet. that not very strange ? "

"She is tired, Lord Minton. She hopeu you would not be vexed."

"Oh, not at all. She is free to do as she likes," and he strode away to the card-room. Mrs. Fair looked after him, with a sudden pain at her heart. There was a light in his eyes that she did not admire; and, for the first time, she trembled for her beloved Verona's happiness. "She might have been better off after all, if she had loved and married Fred," she thought. "It sounds well to be rich and a Countess, but- However, since it's all settled now, we must just hope for the best." In a storm of weeping and passionate regret for the happiness that she had flung from her, Verona paced her room from end to end. She knew now that she loved Fred Constantine with all her soul; knew that life away from him would be a misery, and that wealth, title, rank, would be nothing to her if in order to secure them she was bound to renounce her love and marry the Earl of Minton. "But I must, I must," she cried, with set teeth

and clenched fists. "I have promised and cannot, without some good reason, break my engagement. And yet if I told him all, threw myself upon his mercy, he might have pity. It is Christmas. A Christmas that I believed would be so happy, a time that ought to be so full of peace, and Oh, I will—l must see him and beg him to set mt free. The misery of it all is too great. My hear* —is—broken."

Next morning, worn out and exhausted, Verona slept long and heavily, and when at last she opened her eyes, Selina stood by her bedside smiling. "It is Christmas Eve, miss," she cried. "The loveliest and brightest we have had for years. You'll never forget it and your wonderful happi- ness. Law It's enough to drive you wild, to think of marrying an Earl, and he that mad about you that-" Verona stopped her with an angry look and a quick wave of her hand, and, surprised, the maid turned away to the dressing-table. Half-an-hour later, white and weary, with dark circles under her beautiful eyes, Verona went' downstairs.

"Lord Minton has been looking for you every- where," Mrs. Fair said, as she met her in the hall. "He's an ardent lover, little woman, and does not like to be neglected. He was quite cross last night because you left the ballroom so early." Verona crimsoned over cheek and brow. "Where is he? I "—her voice trembled—" wish to see him at once." "He is in the card-room. Your father and ho and a select party are playing—gambling I call it, for their stakes are high. So take Lord Minton out. A brilliant Christmas Eve like this should be spent by an impassioned lover, such as he is, on the ice or in the park with his lovely fiande instead of in a card-room. Only shew yourself, my pretty one, and he'll soon forget everything but you." Verona stole into the card-room, and went soft'., across to the table where Lord Minton, her father, and some other men sat together playing. They were absorbed in their game, and not wishing to disturb them, the girl sank into a chair and took up a book.

But she 'could not read. Her thoughts wandered, her mind was ill at ease, her heart sore. She dreaded her interview with Lord Minton, yet longed to get it over. "If he will not reler3e me what shall I do?" she asked herself. And raising her eyes she looked at him closely, examining his features, his expres- sion, the shape of his head, the bend of his shoulders, his hands. And here her glance lingered, and the colour suddenly faded from her cheeks. A shudder passed over her frame. She struggled to her feet and laid her hand upon his arm.

"Lord Minton, 1--" The words died upon her lips, and she fell white and senseless to the ground.

The cards were flung aside, the men sprang up, and Mr. Fair caiwht the girl in his arms, and catrying her into the library close by laid her on the sofa.

In a few moment, he returned to the card-room, and walking over to Lord Minton, who stood thrumming upon the frosty window-pane, an angry scowl upon his brow, a look of fierce fury in hie eyes, said, pleasantly: "Verona is conscious and asking for you. Her first thought was of you. You are a lucky fellow." "Oh, you think so, do you ? " he muttered. "Though what the deuce brings women to the card- room beats me. However, she's only a child. I'll soon persuade her she was mistaken," and he strolled into the library. Verona had risen from the sofa and was standing by the fire, her elbows on the mantelpiece, her hand across her eyes. "You are better, I trust ? " Lord Minton asked, swinging up to her side and slipping his arm round her slender waist. "Late hours don't agree with you, my sweet flower." Verona pushed him away. She was as white as marble, and a little shiver passed over her as she raised her eyes slowly to his face. "Lord Minton, I wish to tell you that I find I have made a mistake. I cannot "—she paused and pressed her hand to her heart—"either love or marry you, so I beg you to release me—" "I will do no such thing. I love you too well. I—" She raised her hand. "Hush! You must do what I ask. Even if I loved you I could never marry you after what I saw just now." "What you fancy you saw. You are a child, Verona, and know nothing—" _

"I know—could not be -mistaken in what I saw. You were playing for high stakes, Lord Minton, and yet "—her voice was full of horror and scorn— "you cheated that you might win. Do not deny it. If you do not release me from my promise and leave this house within two hours---

"On Christmas Eve? Impossible! And I will not release you. You must marry me, and "—under his breath—"pay the penalty of your impertinence to-day." "I will never marry you." She looked at him steadily, her starry eyes full of determination. "And if you persist in keeping me to my promise, I will denounce you to my father and the other men you were playing with." "They will not believe you." "Assuredly they will. I have never told or acted a lie in my life." "Yet you vowed you loved and would marry me." A crimson wave swept over the lovely face. "I never said I loved you, and only promised to marry you because I believed you to be an honourable man. Your conduct just now proves you to be the reverse, and so I am not bound to keep my promise. I demand my liberty. If you tell my father that you no longer wish to marry me and that we have agreed to part and go, I will never mention to any living creature what I saw. If you refuse to do so you must take the conse- quence. I will tell him I cannot—will not marry you, and proclaim my reasons to the whole world." He glared at. her angrily, and took a step towards her.

"You'll repent. of this when too late," he hisself from between his teeth. "I give you back youT liberty. Nothing would induce me to marry you now.' Then turning on his heel he opened the door and went out. As he left her Verona covered her face with ner .liands and sank into a chair. "Free," she mur- mured, "free to— Mr. Fair came hurrying into the room. "Where is Lord Minton? " he cried, excitedly.' °Terrible things are being said of him in the card- room. He must come and give them the lie direct.'

Verona raised her head. father ? "

"'Xerrible things,

"Yes. That he cheated at cards. He must deny it; dare the fellows to prove it." "He cannot. I saw him, taxed him with it, and be is gone." __ • "Verona, But you—your engagement?" "Is at an end. Thank God I made the discovery in time."

"You seem pleased. Yet you must be dis- appointed, you are so ambitious. And, believe me, Verona, lovely as you are, 'tis not every earl would care to marry a nameless little nobody." She laughed a sweet, happy laugh, and tossea her golden head. "I have only one ambition now, dad. I want neither earl nor lord, but only the man I love." "And he is ?" "Never mind. You'll know some day, perhaps," and she kissed him and went away to her room.

Christmas Day rose bright and clear, and, break- fast over, Verona threw a fur-lined cloak round her shoulders, and stepping out through the library window wandered off into the frozen woods. The sky was serenely blue, the air crisp and invigorating. Upon every side the Christmas bells were ringing merrily, and the girl stood still, listening with delight to their sweet music, as it was wafted towards her on the breeze.

Presently the sound of a brisk, firm footstep fell upon her ear, and she smiled radiantly, as Fred Constantine came forward and took her hand within his own.

"Verona," he cried, "I have heard the whole story, know that you are free. Sweetheart, may I hope? Can you—will you love and marry me ? ' Her eyes met his. "Yes," she whispered, softly. d Your love is all I ask or desire."

"My darling!" He caught her to his breast. "Hark!" she cried presently. 'The bells are ringing. They are wishing us a happy and a oy. ful Christmas. Aren't they beautiful, Fred?" "Very," he said, and, bending, he kissed her on the lips. T-- DE END.I

===== 0002601_19001221_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A NARROW ESCAPE.

Miss Annie Brook, a weaver, living at Eastwood's Buildings, Dark-lane, Mirfield, has had one of the most wonderful escapes it is possible to conceive. So sensa- tional are the facts relating thereto, that to prevent the possibility of disbelief, she has made the following sworn declaration before Mr E B Wilson, Commissioner for Oaths, of Mirfield. This statement fittingly sum- marise.; her case :—" I, Annie Brook, of Dark-lane, Mirfield, in the County of York, weaver, do solemnly and sincerely declare as follows—Four years ago I began to suffer from neuralgia. I had five teeth drawn. 1 was attended by a doctor, but got worse. I suffered from heart disease, ansemia, indigestion, dropsy, and dizziness. No leia; than ten doctors in all attended me, hut I go: DO bettor. I was an in-patient at Dewsbury Infirmary for nine weeks, and an out-patient for a long time. I was at Bridlington for three weeks, but got no benefit. I was mad with pain and could not get relief. I could not go upstairs for nine months, and had to sleep on a sofa. My mother gave me up and prepared my grave- cloths s. For four years my mother had not a whole nights sleep with me. She used to feel at me every few minutes to see if I were dead ; for the doctors said that I might go off at any minute. I began to take Charles Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness. Eight days after I began I was able to sleep. After taking five boxes I was quite cured again. Nothing but Bile Beans cured me. And I make this solemn declaration, conscien- tiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Statutory Daclarations Act, 1835." Charles Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness, which brought about the above cure are ob•ainable from all chemists, or from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 119, London Wall, 8.C., by sending prices. is 11d, or 2i 9, for a large box. So much confidence have the proprietors in their prepara- tion that they are willing to send a free sample to every reader who writes to the above address and mentions this advertisement. Needless to say, Miss Brock's story has caused considerable stir in circles where she is well known.

I=MMI,MMN,MI4Ib,IMII•./MII RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Tho fortnightly meeting ol the above Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday.—There were pro- sent: Messrs J Moseley Williams (chairman), A R Nor- man, T Reynolds, the Rural District Couucillors, Mr George F Ashton (clerk), and Joseph Cunnah (master).

===== 0002601_19001221_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ARSENIC IN BEER

Risbridge Udion, Suffolk, requested the Runcorn Guardians to pass the follnwing resolution which that Unicn had adopted :—" That in view of the serious charges of arsenical poisoning in beer, this Board rcquests Sir Cuthbert Quitter to bring this matter betore the House of Commons, and earnestly begs him to per- severe with his " Pure Beer Bill." Mr. Woodward: No beer bill. (Laughter). 'lto Chairman : I do not think that anyone will oppose that. (Cries of" No, no.") Mr. Mclntyre : I will propose a similar resolution. Mr Stokes: I will second.

The motion was agreed to.

The Clerk was instructed to send copies of it to Sir Cuthbert Qui!ter, and to Sir J T Brunner, Bart., M.P., the member for Northwich Division.

THE NEW DIETARIES ORDER.

A communication was read from Beighley Union, stating they had requested the Local Government Board to issue a general order making the new Workhouse Di etaries Order optional. They requested Runcorn Un ion to make a similar request. T he matter was referred to the House Committee.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
'LADIES' COMMITTEE.

In a brief letter fdrs Boston, of Cadogan House, Frodsham, eapreised ber appreciation of the kindneis of the Guardians in wishing her to remain on the Ladiee Visiting Committee to the Workhouse. She would be glad to attend the meetings as often as her health would allow.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCI3.

This Committee reported that out relief wae granted to Runcorn, £80; Frodiham, £2O; Budworth £25

THE CHAIRMAN INDICATES WHERE REFORM IS REQUIRED.

Mr. J. Moseley Williams (the chairman) pointed to the great hardships to which workingmen's families were subject through being complelkd to provide medical certificates.at their own cost, as evidence of the inability ot their children to attond school, and cited a case particular to Frodsbam in which a poor woman was un- able to pay toe 61 per c,rtificate which the medical officer demandei. He strzgested that some course should be tat en which would provide for the payment of such certificates out of the-public funds. He moved no resolution, but simply brought the matter forward in the hope the members present would look into it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Linaker agreed, and thought there should be some provision whereby the wives ot workmen should have the necessary certificates at the public mit. He thought that the public should pay where the child was really ill, but that the parents themselves should bear the coet of medical examination in eases which were not genuine. The Chairman : We will introduce the subject again at a future date if you will make itiquiries in your own

Mr. Linaker : We might reduce the vaccination fees, and pay it out of that. (Laughter.)

===== 0002601_19001221_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTONISHING CURES

OF BRONCHITIS, COUGTIS, A.SIHNIA AND INFLUENZA. BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is a new scientific remedy endorsed by medical men. Far superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. It eclipses all other remedies.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTHMA

AND B RONC H ITIS.

Mr. JOSEPH SCOTT, 1, Joseph-terrace, Spivi-screet, Groves, Hull, writes, June 14th, 1900 :—Dear Sirs,—l have great pleasure in recommending Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. It is a valuable medicine and lam sure I cannot praise it too much, as it his done me a wonder- ful lot of good. I have been a great sufferer for the last four years from bronchitis and asthma, and it has done for me what other nr.dicines could not do. I am taking Veno's Seaseed Tonic for kidney trouble; and it has done me a great deal of good. Snould any sufferer doubt my word, he can write me. lAM a retired N.E. Goods Guard. INFLUENZA AND INFLAMATION OF THE LUNGS CURED.

Mrs. SMITH, 71, Linney-street, off Platt-lane, Wigan. writes .—My daughter came home trdm the mill with a severe attack of influenza. She was very feverish and had pains in the chest. She had suffered for nearly a week with a nasty hacking cough, and at night she could not sleep for coughing. I got a bottle of your Lightning Cough Cure for her and it cured her com- pletely. She has never coughed since and is back at her work again. ASK FOR VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE Don't be persuaded to take a substitute or an imita don. Price is. 10. and 2s. 9d. Sold by Boots Ltd, Warrington; Peake, Earlestown and Newton; Weston and Co., Runcorn; Walbridge,St. Helens and all chemists.

Fire .in Collin-street Warrington.

Shortly alter 2.30 on Sunday atte—rnoon a fire broke out on the premises of Mr. Llewellyn, green- grocer, Collin-street. It originated in one of the bedrooms, though how, it is not known. Informa- tion of the outbreak was sent to the fire station, and the brigade promptly turned out. On their arrival at the scene of the fire it was found that their services were not required, as the flames had been extinguished by the neighbours. Considerable damage was done, most of the furniture in the bed- room being destroyed.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FODEN'S HORSE AND CATTLE FOOD.

Established 1884.

Mr. J. Carter Bell, A.R.S.M., &c., Analyst to the County of Chester, reports : "I have analysed a sample of Messrs. Thomas Foden and Co.'s Horse and Cattle Food and I find it to he of excellent feeding quality, a splendid tonic, and free from any adulteration." (Signed) J. CARTER BELL, &c.

30s. per Cwt., Carriage Paid., THOMAS FODEN & CO., Cumberland Street, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS.

This festival seems to have been unknown in the early and pure days of the Church of Christ. It was only in the fourth century that it began to be observed at Rome whence it spread to the East. And Neander suggests that it may have been de- signed to draw away the Christian people from the Pagan festival of the shortest day, the birthday of the Sun about to return once more towards the earth. But whatever its origin may have been, we in this country lovingly cling to its observance, and hail its annual occurrence with varied, but in all cases, pleasurable emotions. To most of us it brings dear memories of early and happier years when as children we loved to look up to its bright morning stars, and think of the mysterious baba who was born so long ago in a cave at Bethlehem. It is also the time above all others when friends meet to ex change kindly greetings and to talk of life's experi- ences and of the oeloved ones who have passed on before us to the "other side." Nor can we dwell upon its sacred incidents without being reminded of another and future coming of the Lord. When that promised time comes the kings and their armies who now fill the world with violence and blood shall be swept away forever, and He who was once the child of Bethlehem shall roign in peace and righteousness over a redeemed and righteous people. Ye stars that gem night's dusky brow, And cheer the gloom below ; 0 shine with brighter lustre now, Still more your glory show : For He who placed your orbs on high, In silence there to shine : Now comes to lighten every eye With beams of love divine. * Ye winds and waves that loudly roar In conflict o'er the deep: Break gently on the lonely shore, As round the cliffs ye sweep: For Jesus comes in mercy mild To bid earth's conflicts cease ; And la) its storms and passions wild With everlasting peace. 0 Earth, on David's sacred hill his lowly cave prepare: And with the evening dews distil Your purest fragrance there : For when He comes, no more a guest, But King eternal crowned: His glory on the world shall rest, And make it holy ground. And 0 let men break forth in praise ; How could they silent be! He comes through death from death to raise To immortality!

J. H. W. CLINDINNING.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
14-. 4 P • • -

NOTES ON UAM ES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By " Ovalist."]

There is a deal of difference in class between Warrington • and Sa'fore though their performances during the season are pretty much on a par and eacn has beaten the other. The Reds took their revenge on Saturday last when the strongest team Warrington c@uld put in the field was beaten by thirteen points to nil, the victors at the same time being minus both their regular centres, Varty and T Williams. Substitutes almost equally efficient were found and the class of the team was not lowered to any appreciable degree. It is class which Warrington so badly need, that unmistakable but intangible something which wins matches and raises a team out of the common ruck. Salford often do badly, but they still possess class, and to say that it is sure to tell is a stock phrase but none the less true. On Saturday Warrington had, think, rather more of the game than the Reds, but they lacked the scoring power and the ability to make the most of chances. It was here where Salford shone. In the first half they defended to a very large extent but every occasional visit to the ‘Varrington end brought paints. There was no lack of energy, and ability of a kind, on the losing side, but the lack of I finish spelt defeat from the start and will in nine cases out of ten as long as the game is played.

It never struck me before that there was any special appropriateness about the name of the Salford ground. but there is. Of " New Barns " " there are a few." For instance, a couple of them do duty for accommodat- inz the Press, and others add either to the comfort or discomfort of the crowd. Much depends on the weather, as usual. The " barns" in which the Press are bonded would be the airiest places imaginable on a torrid summer day, but on days like Saturday when a 4•7 inch southeaster is having its fling they are the reverse of pleasant habitations. You are well up aloft, and the gale wreaks first vengeance on the elevated pencil- pushers. There is no escape. Open shutters let in all the ozone there is room for, and at the same time play a'Abang-crasla crescendo accompaniment. Numerous cracks and spaces hi tr, roof and sides of the " barns " introduce a pleasing variety of cross-currents and shrill whistlings. They're stimulating places,and consumptiveS desirous of giving the open-air cure a full, fair trial can- not do better than rent this portion of New Barns as a winter residence. It will either kill or cure, and in either eventuality the patient parts with the consump- tion.

There is only one other thing equal to this in the way of specialities at New Barns, and that is the road lead— ing to the ground. I have previously spoken in praise of this thoroughfare with its luxurious carpet of yield- ing mud. They have concentrated the sludge since I was last there by making a totally inadequate footpath down the racecourse side. To keep on this you have to shove s‘mebony eks off. For once in a way the weak- est do not "go Co tha wall."

The game was not at all a bad one. Generally the ball was kept loose and open play on both sides was common. Salford naturally played the threequarter game, and played it well, thc,ugh the half backs did the bulk of the scoring. It is to be counted against the watchfulness of Burges3 and Duckworth that their vis- a-vis, Griffiths and Grey both notched a try in the same manner and in tho same place. The Welsh pair were very smart and played as well as ever they did • Salford would have dene much better in the past if they had stuck consistently to these two and not tried so many "mixtures." There was a noticeable difference in the passing of the two teams. Salford travelled down the field, and Warrington went straißtit across. Oae method resulted in tries and tbo other ended in touch. This is wlsere the art of c•:ntre play comes in and class begins to tell. Oace a centre gets through and the wing, if any good, is a certain scorer.

It is a pity Warrington did not follom up thoir suc- cess in capturing Burgess, by securinz his club-mate, Bone. They hesitated to) long as usual and said Bone was only a sprinter. Perhaps he was, but he is a foot— baller now and a most dangerous wing. Tall, well built, and trernendcusly fast, be is sure of a rich harvest of tries in the future if he has the luck to escape injury. At Salford they think a lot of him.

The best of the Warrington backs was widoubtedly Jack Hallam who played a magnificent game all through under conditions the reverse ot pleasant. A high wind and greasy ground are worse, perhaps, for the full back than any member of the team, but they seemed to have no effect on the Warrington custodian's display, which was a huge surprise to the home crowd. The latter have got into the habit of thinking that Dan Smith is the one and only full back in Lancashire. On. Saturday they saw their own favourite excelled. Isherwood was also in good form and made several dashing runs which ought to have been more profit able than they were. Fish was not quite so good as usual and lost a certain try by dodging too much. Laval( ss and Hai ris were both smart at times, but on the attack chey were outcla,sed. The same remark applies to the halves,whose only merit was 'the vantity of hard work they put in. Forward War- rington did fairly well and got possession often enough, but the bigger men of Salford played a superior game, Bucl,llr and Bhapps being particularly active and useful. Phillips made a good centre and looked well after Bone, while the halves were very resourceful.

The League table up to date is as follows :

For Agst. P. W. L. D. la T. P. a T. P. P. Swirrton 13...13... 0... 0...18 47-177...10 4 32...26 Oldham 12...10... 2... 0...15 37-141... 8 8— 40...20 Runcorn l3 9.. 4. 0...23 24-118...10 16— 68...18 Broughton Wig 513... 8... 5... 0...18 2-102... 9 13— 57...16 Salford l3 7. 6. 0...21 31-135...19 18— 92.-14 Warrington 13 6. 6. 1...14 21— 9,-11 17— 73...13 Rochdale Hornetsl2... 5... 5... 2...12 11— 57...19 25-113...12 Leigh 13.. 5. 8. 0...13 15-- 71...13 23... 95...10 Stockport 12 4. 7.. 1. 6 10— 42...10 12-56 ... 9 Barrow ll 4. 7.. 0...10 14— 62...14 18— 82... 8 *3l. Helena Millorn ll.. 3. 8 0. 8 8— 40...13 18— 80... 6 Widnes 13.. 3...10... 0...11 7 43...17 36-142... 6 Wigan l2. 2.. 8. 2.. 8 9 43-20 3)-145... 6 *S:. fieleus have had two points aeducted for a breach of the rules.

The Salford match was a very critical one for the winners, for had they been vanquished their chance of making any more progress in the league wouA have btan almost extinguished. Warrington were in a similar position and have got as hikh as they are likely to do this season. Swinton went on their way rfjoicing at the expewe of Widnes, who got a fearful drubbing at home, while Oldham kept the second place warm by defeating St Helens. Rochdale had their first licking at home,and by 23 points to 2. Broughton Rangers playing a fine game against the insects. Wigan furnished the surprise of the day by defeating Leigh, who have fallen off a lot lately.

Warrington will have their hands full this week-end, for Oldham, St. Heleas;and Runcorn all pay Wildergpool a visit. St. Helens are met for the third time, and War- rington should have no difficulty in entering the third and final round for the West Lancashire Cup. The two League matches are two of the best, from the spectators' point of view, of the whole season. Can Warrington win thorn ? We know well enough that it will be easy to lose them, but can the team just for once rise to the occasion and smite these clubs. Oldham have lost a few times in recent years at Warrington, and lost the charnpion3hip here last season, while Runcorn invar- iably win. The odds are against the home club, but if they play with that grim determination Which occasion- ally characterises them they might have a very joyous Christmas at the expense of three clUbs they wild dearly love to vanquirh.

The following matches in connection with the Lan- cashire Senior Competition will be played to-day (Saturday). Broughton Rangers 17 St Helens. Leigh v Rochdale Hcrnete. millorn v Whines. Stockport v Seth-W. Swinton v Barrow. Warrington v Oldham. Wigan v Runcorn.

Angling. A new association has blossomed out under the name of the " The Warrington Workingmen's Angling ASBC- ciation." It offers intending members cheap travelling, free fishing rights in the Shropshire Union Canal, be- tween Ellesmere Port, Audlem, Wardle Lock and Hhos— wiel and the Lancaster Canal. A match to be flAhed for, prizes to the value of nearly £20,a1l for is entrance and 41 per month after. An opening match has been arranged to take place on May 25th for priz.s offered by the President of one gold, ore gold-centre and one silver medal. There will be other prizes also, including one for the largest specimen fish oaught in the match. This opening match in no way interferes with the annual match. The head quarters of the Association are the General Wolfe, the Gladston e Arms being a branch. Intending members can join at either place. The first night for receiving contributions is on January Bth. The bon secretary is Mr. G. Hamblea, 5, Egerton-stre3t, Howley, Warring Lon.

HOW ,L 0 GET A BILLIARD TABLE FOR 18s 6d GEO. G. BUSSEY & Co.. of 36 and 38 Queen Victoria-street. and 213 Re2ent-street, London, make an ingenious set of arrangements whereby a good game of Billiards ean be played on an ordinary dining table. Ths fittings are easily fixed, and do no damage to the table. The price includes everything required to play the game. Ask the local Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet and Indoor Games List. Advt (3).

'V Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be cent to the Head Office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, not later than 10 o'clock on Thursday mornings or they cannot be inserted.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
0ri7,10.,:f41".--

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Choral Service at Bold-street Wesleyan Church.

There was a large congregation at the above place of worship on Sunday evening, when the choir assisted by a number of local instrumentalists and vocalists gave a Christmas choral service. Mr Frank Hickman ably pre- sided at the organ. After the first lesson Mr W H Ire- land sang the recit and air " Comfort yo " and " Every valley " with good efft ct and the choir gave an efficient rendition of the chorus " And the glory." Mr E H Pearco A.L.C.M. contributed " Thus saith the Lord," and "But who may abide," And before the sermon Miss M Collin creditably sang " 0 Tli‘u that tellest " and "Behold a virgin." After the sermon Mr SII Oilier sang the renit and air " He was cut off" and " But Thou did'et not leave." and " Behold the Lamb of God" was rendered by the choir. " Then shall the eyes,' and " He shall feed his flock " were well song by Miss F Wilson, and Mr E H Peiree was heard to advantage in " Why do the Nation.? ?'' Toe" 111Ilelujan Chorus " having been rendered by the noir the service was brought to a conclusion.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was an averaa,e attendance at the meeting of this S-iciety on Sunday afternoon. Mr. T. Hawthorn presided, and in the course of a brief address alluded to the recent effort which bad been made by the members on behalf of an afflicted member. Mr. William Hick- man delivered the address, and chose as the title of it " The man wbo spoiled the music." In an interesting way he referred to the Biblical story of how King Saul threw a javelin at David whilst playing the harp and interrupted the music, and proceeded to state that there were many at the present time who spoiled the mu4ic in the horn., and els ,whero by their conduct. Mr. Ruffel was the sploist.and gava a finished interpretation of the solos " Shepherd of Souls " and " Only tired." Mr. Farrar and Mr Smiley also took part in the service.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T TRIFLE WITH A COLD.

A cold is one of the most insidious of human ailments —it grips a man in his w .akest spot, and if it is neglected it will sooner or later sip his vitality, and hasten his journey to the grave. We presume you don't want to die, so see you take great care of yourself, and when you catch cold biy a bottle of Livans Lung Linc*.us, the world's greatest remedy for all throat and chest affections. Thousands swear it is the safest and surest remedy ever produced. All Chorales and Cc-operative Stores sell Lavans Lung Linctus, in bottles. Post free, is. lid., 24. 9.1. and 43. 6.1. from the proprie- tors, Green and Co., Chemists, Bolton. Don't accept a substitute.

38, Earl -itreet, Pendleton_.

Dear Sirs,—My little son, two years old Was suffering fcr the past 10 months from shortness of breath, wheezing in the chest, and harsh cough. I bad tried several doctors, who all told me that he was too young and delicate to survive such a complication of chest dis- eases, About 10 days ago I resolved to give la. cam Lung Line,tus a trial, more in the expectation of reliev- ing the poor little sufferer than of curing him. Judge of my thankful surprise when I found, after a few days' tiae of it, that the wheezing became gradually less, the cough less frequent and softer in tone,and the breathing deep and regular. He now sleeps peac-Jally at nights, and awakes as bright as a cherub in the morning. It is only due to the merits of your wonderful Linctus that they should be made public by tho,e who have observed its benefits to suffering humanity. I am, yours truly, JAMES TAYLOR:

===== 0002601_19001221_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Salford Defeat Warrington.

Warrington pail their return visit to Now Barns, Sal- ford, on Saturday and rocoived the customary thrash- ing. The thy was rough and cold, and the ground in very heavy order, but about 6,000 speetatore assembled to witness what proved a well coirested game. Salford were without T. Williams and Varty, both injurod, Phillips going centre, Dan Smith wing. and Hignett full back. Warrington turned out as selected, Mr. Kidd, (Wilm) was the referee, and the teams linel out as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isherwood Lawless, and Harris, three-quarters ; Burgeas and Duck- worth, half hacks ; Taylor. Boardman, Eden, Mere- weather, Saholtza, J Swift, F Swift, and Fairhurst, for- wards. Salford : Flignett, full hack ; Bone, Phillips, Hadwen and D Smith, three-quarters; Grey and Griffiths, half backs; Rhappa, J Williams, Suaw, Tunney, Buckler, Heath, Worthington, and Fisher, forwards. Taylor started for Warrington against the wind, Rhappa quickly leading the Reds to the attack. 'Griffiths, Phillips. and Bone handled smartly from the first scrimmage, the wing man being upset by Fish near the line. Salford were smart on the attack, and getting possession onco more Gre7 scored an easy try at the corner, Phillips failing to augment. By short punting and speedy forward play Warrington drove Salford to the far-end. Mereweather picked up in the open and made for the line but was grassed when becoming dangerous. Fish had a penalty shot at goal, but the wet ball failed to rise. Warrington got on the line as the result of a mull by Bone and there was a sharp struggle for some minutes. Another penalty against the Reds preyed to their advantage however, and Warring- ton fell back a little. They still attacked energetically. A fine passing bout traversed the length of the Salford goal-line, Harris missing the final transfer with the line at his mercy. Salford broke away, and Phillips giving Isherwood the go-by passed to Bone who had a clear run in from near the centre and scored in good position. Phillips landed a goal. Warrington rushed to the other end again Fish making a dash but falling a victim to numbers. Bone got clear again and made for the line at a great speed, Hallam just getting across in time to stop the flyer. Salford were rewarded very soon after, Phillips kicking another goal from a penalty. More dribbling by Warrington gave them the upper hand and quick transfers gave Harris possession near the line, but Dan Smith was up and bowled him over very promptly. Hallam played a great game and saved his side on innumerable ocoahions, the Salford crowd cheering hi a efforts repeatedly. Another attack from the home team was fruitful, Griffiths bluffing the Warrinaen halves and repeating his partner's success. Phillip missed the goal. Fish then picked up tram the loo;e and made a splendid run on the heavy turf, but lost his chance by dodging to- wards the centre. He could easily have scored at the corner. Half-time came with Salford leading by 13 points to nil. Heath reaumed the game, Dan Smith having gone to his proper position, and flignett playing wing. The Reds were first to attack, Griffiths having a drop at goal which went wide. Warrington cleared the ievadere out and took up a promising position. Hadwen smartly intercepted and ran half the length of the field, pas- leg forward forward to Hignett at 'the finish. Smith essayed another drop, Fairhurst and Scholtze responding with a long dribble down the field. At this stage Lawiess went off with an injured shoulder, Eden playing on the wing and Fish going centre. Salford had hardly begun to make their superior numbers felt when Griffiths strained his ankle and had to retire, Phillips filling the vacancy and Heath operating at centre. The teams were now on even terms again. except in regard to points. War- rington were principally attacking, Fish doing smart vzoik. He looked like running through once when Burgess gave him a miss and passed over his head. Had- wen and Smith defended well, but Warrington should have scored from the numerous openings which pre- sented themselves. Fish missed another gmal-kick from Isherwood's mark, and the end came with the score reading, Salford 2 goals, 3 tries, (1.3 points) ; Warrington nil.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Defeat Stockport.

Although there is undoubtedly great local rivalry between these teams, their meeting at Runcorn en Satur- day last, attracted no larger a crowd than 2,000. Run corn were still minus J Butterworth, and Faulkner, but the visitors turned up with lull strength. Here are the names : Runcorn: S Houghton, back; D Jones, T Warder, H Jones and Wilkinson, three-qnerters ; Jolley and Richardson, half-hacks ; Lightfoot, Farmer, Darlingtun, Gayter, Hughes. Tomlinson, Reece and Walker,forwards. Stockport: Chesters, back ; Robinson, Woreley, Bevan, and Hodgson, three-quarters; Booth and Williams. half-backs ; Trotter, Oram, Garside, Griffiths, Taylor, Burrows. Palmer and Simister, forwards. Favoured by the toss Runcorn put the visitors to face sun and a strong breeze blowing directly down the field. Garside commenced and warder replied so effectively that scrimmaging in the Stockport half became the order. Rune.orn were pen-lised but the free kick re- lieved Stockport very little. Jolley punted well, and Cheaters was grassed on his own line. Things looked gloomy but Booth effectively relieved. Jolley then marked, and had a shot for the uprights, without any accruing benefit. Continuing to have all the argument Farmer and Jones tried breaking through, but it was not until "Bertie," the new man, secured the ball that the first score was recorded. Jolley made a much better attempt at goal and struck the posts. From the kick. out Stockport reached Runcorn quarter flag but Hough- ton was in a happy mood, and compelled a retreat. Farmer claimed fora dropped goal, and did not get it. Then Bevan fed by Booth set off with some capable passing which the Runcorn forwards gleefully broke up. Houghton then came into prominence for a wretched shot at goal, but a moment later redeemed himself by stopping a Stockport rush. Following up Houghton ran well and parted to Warder who was carried into touch only just in time to save a score. Run- corn secured many splendid openings through off- side play on the part of the Stockport forwards but the wind carried the ball too far for them to effec- tively attack, and allowed Cheiters and Worsley, who Played capitally for the visitors, plenty of time to clear. Richardson and Jones were responsible for a run that , caused a touch-clown to be conceded. Booth cleared from a scrum, and Houghton receiving replied. Bevan made effort after effort. but Warder nullified hi; at- tempts. The Runcorn forwards got away Walker scor- ing what appeared to be a good try, but the point wag disallowed. Richardson, Jolley, Warder and Jones tried several times to score.but their movements were lacking cohesion, and Stockport saved repeatedly, though dead balls were common. The game became anything but "class." Too much roughnese was evident, and things were unintereeting until Jolley set up a farther attack, and the latter added a penalty goal. Developing into roughness again it became necessary for the referee tc caution players on both sides. Continuing to press up to the interval Runcorn could not further improve their score. : Runcorn, i 2 goals, 1 try ( 7

points) ; Stockport, nil. Even against the wind Runcorn proved much the better combination. Wilkinson soon established a strong position on the visitors' right,and kicking across enabled Walker to score. Jolley added the goal. The visitors were evidently surprised, and it vas some time before they could get their feet. Whilst they were in this condition Booth passed to Bevan, at least he tried to, but Wilkin- son snapping it up sailed beautifully a way and registered what to Stockport was an astonishing try. Jolley again steered the oval through the posts. From this point Stockport seemed to realize that something was required of them, and for the first time became really dangerous. Houghton failing to catdh a touch- kick, Warder preveated a score by the narrowest of shaves. Runcorn were several times closely hemmed in, but the defence was cleaner and far more effective than bad Stockport's been when " the!boot was on the other leg" in the first half. Indeed, Cheaters was visited many times; and Jolley missed an almost certain try by pass- ing to Jones, who failed to take it, although Jolley had simply parted to make doubly sure. Later Stockport backs again combined well, but the prettiest piece of passing came from the Runcorn forwards a few minutes later. Hodgson dropped a goal, but no further in-road was made. Final result :—Runcorn, 4 goals, 3 tries, 17 points; Stockport, 1 goal, 2 points.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
‘4fiti

===== 0002601_19001221_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Wigan v. Leigh.

These teams met at Wigan, where play proved even, the home forwards neutralising the smart work of the visiting backs. Harris kicked a goal for Wigan before the interval, aud, as this was the only point scored,tbey won by two points to nil. St. Helens v. Oldham.

The Oldham team visited St. HelAna, and defeated the home elun by three goals and three tries to a goal and a try. Hawley, F-rguason, and S Lees BcOrni fr,r Oldham aa did T Briers for St. Helens, for whom Faulk3s kiekel the goal.

Rochdale Hornets N. Broughton Ran gers.

Played at Rochdale, in the presence of 5,000 people, the Rangers prPssed continually, and after scoring' eventeen mints in the first half ran out winners by four goals and live tries to nothinEt Widnes v. Swinton.

Swint who went to Widnei, htd no difficulty in beating their hosts by thirty-seven points to two.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

Hunslet v. Batley.

These:teams met at Parkside, Batley winning a good game by a try (three points) to a goal (two points). Nothing was scored until well into the second period. Then Fozzird got over for the visitors, and, later on, Albert Goldthorpe dropped a goal for Hunslet• Bradford v. Holbeck•

At Bradford, before about 2,000 people, the home team had the best of play from start to finish, and won easily by two goals and fight tries to Lothing. Cooper (2), Wright (2), Broadley, Murgatroyd, Robinson, and Stansfield scored, and Cooper and Eagers placed the goals.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Castleford v. Leeds.

Some even play was seen when these team met Castlcford, and the result—a draw of five points each— gave general satisfaction. Smith (Castleford) and Lum- ley gained tries for their respective sides, and Ward and Varley kicked the goals. Leeds Parish Church v. Manningham.

Manningham visited Leeds, and were defeated by three goals and a try to nil. Mosley placed the goals. and Bird scored the try. Halifax v. Bramley.

In this game at HalifaX, the home side decisively beat their opponent.s, and after having all the best of the play, won easily by three goals and four tries to nothing.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Wakefield Trinity v. Liversedge.

At Willefi 4d, this match ended in favour of the home club by five goals and twelve tries to ra dropped goal. Brooke was the visitors' scorer.

Huddersfield v. Hull Kingston Rovers

The Rovers found Huddersfield in a scoring humour, at Rudderefilld, and returned to Hull defeated by six- teen points to five.

Brighouse v. Hull.

These teams met at Brighouae, where the home side soon!gained the lead, and, holding the advantage to the end, won by two goal 3 and a try to two goals,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

Yorkshire v. Cumberland.

This match in the Northern Union's County tourna- ment was played at Hull. Yorkshire had the best of matters throughout, and won by two goals and two tries (ten points) to a goal and a try (five points). Jones scored the first try. Davis followed with a second,from which &stiles kicked a goal ; while Davis also dropped a goal. Latham got in for Cumberland and Burkett placed a: goal. "A" TEAMS-COMPETITION.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Defeated by-Salford.

Warrington suffered defeat at the hands of Salford on Saturday. The match took via ce on the Wilderspoo ground before about 3,000 spectators. During the first half the home team had the advantage of the wind, and at the outset attacked, but injudicious kicking was taken advantage of by Salford. Fine back play by Salford was chellred by Knight, but another outcome of pissing saw Harter score at the corner, no goal resulting. Warrington attacked, Hockenhall being pulled up near the posts. From sharp play Garrity equalised, Salford played up briskly and scored again just before the inter- val. Half-time :Salford, two tries ; Warrington, one try. Playing with the wind, Salford maintained the aggres- sive. Passing movements were checked by the resolute tackling of Hockenhall and Ratcliffe. Smith being pulled up at the corner after a fine run. Owen was next hell up on the line. Salford negatived a forward rush by Hughes and Allen. and Owen was again held up. Drops at goal went wide. Salford scorei on time. Final : Salford, three tries (nine points) ; Warrington, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19001221_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. WARRINGTON CUP. Second Round

Warrington St. Mary's v. St. Helens Recs.

At Howley, on Saturday. The opening exchange; were greatly in favour of the visitors. Osborne having all his work cut out to keep his charge clear. J Mather relieved with a huge kick. Albert Meachin made a fins run, but the force of his shot was stayed in the goal mouth. The Combination men again pressed, and after some exciting play in goal, White scored for St. Helens. The visiting forwards again got going, but Henneghan and J Mather both proved stumbling-blocks. Good work by 'Marley and Robinson got play in the visitors' quarters. After a spell of uninteresting play. the St. Helens men broke away, a long shot by Tabbern just dropping over the bar: Half-time : St. Helens Racs, one goal ; Warrington St• Mary's. nil. On resuming,the homesters pressed, T Mather !laving very hard lines. The Rees got the ball away. but Marley returned, and Meachin getting possession, passed to T Mather, that player equalizing. Tabbern immediately after gave the visitors the lead. The homesters still kept up a spirited attack in which the Mather trio were very conspicuou.. Albert Meachin had hard luck with a shot that struck the croas•bar. Final : St. Helens Recs, two goals ; Warrington St. Mary'e, one goal:

===== 0002601_19001221_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TO SCEPTICAL ASTHMATICS.

The truly marvellous cures of Asthma which have already been effected by Dr. Rudolph Schiffmann, cer- tainly call for notice. His preparation (Scbiffolann's Asthma Cure) not only gives instant relief in the most stubborn and ob,tinate cases, but positively cures, in nroof of which hear what J. T. INGRAM. Knitsley Grange. Consnt, Co, Durham, writes :—" It is a month on Monday since I tried your Asthma Cure. I felt an attack coming on at 9 o'clock at night so I took one dose, went to bed at 10 o'clock and I never woke until 6.30 in the morning. The two following nights I felt it coming on and took another dose with the same result, an experience I have not had for many years. Since the third dose I have never ailed again from the disease." Packages of Schiffrnann's Asthma Cure are sold by all Chemists at 2:. 6d, and 4s. 61. per package, or can be had by remitting the amount to Dr. R. Schiffmann, British Depot, 32, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Coming of Age Celebration.

Between 50 and 60 60 of the Engineering Depart- ment of Messrs. N Greeninlz and Sons Limited, sat down to dinner last .N riday night in the Midland Hotel, to celebrate the coming of age of Mr. Joseph Waring. The dinner was carried out in first class style by Mr and Mrs Wakefield. A lengthy pro- gramme followed, the foreman Mr. C F Taylor in the chair. Toasts : "The Queen "by the Chairman "Army, Navy. and Volunteers" by Mr. P O'Brien; "Town and trade of Warrington." by Mr. W Payne; toast of the evening by Mr E S Wood. Mr. Waring suitably replied. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Elliott, Millington, Travis, Armstrong, Taylor. Turton and Hay,and a recitation by Mr W Williams The accompanist was Mr W Pemberton. Votes of thanks were tendered to the Chairman, and the committee for carrying out the arrangements, everyone feeling highly delighted and satisfied that a pleasant evening had been spent.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SUB-OFFICES— Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 u.m. 6.41 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL 130x141— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-St., Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common ; (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place) reels are despatched in aown at 9 a.m. and 6 p.n me as letters.

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p m. 6.40 p.m. 8.15 a.rn. and 5.45 p.m. 9.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8.30 a m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 645 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

im the Receiving Office ~; from all Sub-Offices at

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire Yorksbire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, Southport Present. Wigan, Orms- kirk With, .s. & Earlestown London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester • . Manchester London and Foreign, South. S.- Eastern, and Midland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter. Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man-, chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S.- Eastern, Midland, Northern, gastern Cow:AVE, 8: Lancashire 1 Croft, Padgate. W J3lston, Stockton ' Heath and Stretton London Ft Foreign, South, and S - Has t n Counties

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „

10-45 1.11-30 ~ t 1-4b

} 12-o

12-15 p.

2-15

5-30 p.m.

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

Lt Earle,- he same

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:— To I By I Callers. I Postmen.

11-30 a.m.

3-15 a.m.

6-5 a.m.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F

===== 0002601_19001221_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING,

IN ALL TEIEIR BRANCHES.

THE "EXAMINER." WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

===== 0002601_19001221_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY DECEMBER 21 1900.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Showingthe ary Post Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 „

===== 0002601_19001221_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.rn

===== 0002601_19001221_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 9-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
There is Security in A few .rope en The toothh•tuds every morning CARTE R 9S lull 11% .., _, „„ IVER Small PIM , PILLS . Small Dose. SOZ • I joNT Small Price Will Sweeten tit.; Breath all day. • '' *-, ~ ,W 7 and make all the difference l. Absolutely cure Sick Headache, twee.— Biliousness. Torpid Liver, Inch- aood Teeth and Bad Teeth. gestion. constipation, Dizziness. whi;,i, Teeth and yellow Teeth. Furred Tongue. They Touch the Liver. Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth ti-We pure they we C P't....A.e.ZL_t'S. . "mpiele,„jz ao„iL. '--i.- "la

===== 0002601_19001221_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Naw,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• - r

===== 0002601_19001221_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO NEATNESS AND

—Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRIMMES,Scc. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAA.RS. PROGRAMMES FOB SALES OF WORK.

PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. ROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Szc. PRINTING, BOOKBINDING, LITHOGRAPHY, &C.,

Executed with

PROMPTNESS AND DESPATCH.

TRY

J OHN WALKER AND CO., 4° EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F 7.767777-738

===== 0002601_19001221_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C

===== 0002601_19001221_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A G 1.1) ahtlE A A BOX.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
, „ •,;',-,•., ::,,. „,., ^• 4. 4., *4.,..:: ~..!..- , , . , • . , ~, . ~,,u ' •.: A , .. , -... • • ,•-• .. .." .:, __:,„„ ~.!...., ....... .... ~„ ....,,......„, . , S ; f t rs'a '4 4r A* '.: . I:,`. 4'4' •• • --2: ' ~-,-' ' • . i.r..?„.- r ,e :. „.. .2 ip ~,.i... 9, • , -...,..1....: %.„4: - 4 .-.• • ''

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

Sick licadaehe. Constipationg

Weak Stomach, I:;ipaire aigestion,

et 3, rfleordc.ed Liuer ent,s.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, TnomAs BEECIL6I, St. Helens, Lancashire, in b9xes, Is. P.A. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Solleverywhere.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
IT WILL PAY YOU.

+IP!, A' SLI 4."4.` One of the "Sights of London."

" The Grandest ir Collection of Presents •.4.& • in the World.

..9... We

HOLBORN, LONDON, EC.

Quicrir corm/ter ALL IRRECL _, BF' ALL OrsaincrioNsf and relieve the distressing s! 9 o p.rivalent with, the sex. Boxes,l/li & 2/9(001T *CC' times the quar.tity), of all Chemists. Bent iu iere on receipt of 15 or 84 stamps, by E. T. TO WLI:.. Ltaxtufacturer,s, Dryden Si., Nottingham. 'Tema., a Imitations. injurious and worth]

SYMINGTON'S

MANLY MEN Why suffer from pains and misery caused by nervousness Premature Bxhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send for my book, which shows hlw every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MBDICINB or ELROTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud guaranteed genui " I cannot find words to express ,nauA.uL t am. I used to think I never would gee cure I. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F M." • I nave earri-d out your instructions, and am now per teetly well.—J.P." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, (i reat Russell treet, London, W.C. Send At once and be cured l2 Years Continuous Success

clj 40. ED Prom the first dose et o:shrine fits chase. It he. cured pERNi NE)/Trx the yen, wnrst MIMS of Epilepsy when every other remedy had failed. Price 4s. 6d. and 11e., Post Free. 'Thousand/ of Test; mcnials. Send for a Fret Sample Bottle, -- Lest tt. Write to-, Depsrtment 7.1 VV. iCCfir-sXse Pharmaceutical Chemist. 2.1.1, Mr/ Street, lielfaate 3

- . • A- • • :-Ativ ,;, . , • 14:M4-ftik,ll%, - ' • . - ;7,44, • , ,

iIIYNYPYAL ' . & STEEL ~ . 11LE W.iO i'PILLS 117 .- .FoR . FEhif•LES. ' - • mrAitrrtirs ...1 #st.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH

COFFEE ESSENCE

makes delicious coffee in a moment. No trouole, no waste. ln small and large bottles, from all

Grocers.

CUARANTEED PURE. ioe

===== 0002601_19001221_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

THEIf.APIOM-- ilipisti-is-atc-c-er—essm-fi and highly ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Bicord Rosyt; n,aJgobeemrt, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, t lotches, pains mad swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, gravel, pains in the G sok. !henmatism, gout, exiaustion,sleeplessness,nervour end physics ability, etc. Therapion is prepared in three dirt" erent forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for wr iCh inten Full particulars send stamped ad iressei envolopa

amphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDON W.O.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"!MS

===== 0002601_19001221_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11110•10.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE NOW.

GAMAGE

aNNMEMMIIIMI

===== 0002601_19001221_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMlMMilsso

===== 0002601_19001221_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .

===== 0002601_19001221_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ef

===== 0002601_19001221_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
A NATURAL PROTECTOR. THOSE WHO: SUFFER FROM WEAK CHEST OR LUNGS ARE UNFORTUNATELY NUMEROUS IN*THIS COUNTRY-I SO DAMP AND CHILLY IN.AUTUMN AND :WINTER.

FOR ALL SUCH

WE NATURALLY FEEL, AND HAVE THEREFORE PRODUCED A NATURAL:FELT CHEST AND LUNG PROTECTOR,

EA >i g AND LIGHT, WARM lAND DURABLE. THESE GIVE GREAT WARMTH AND THOROUGH PROTECTION FROM CHILLS.

SINGLE FROM 6D. DOUBLE FROM is. 6D.

BOOTS CASII CHElllsrs,

35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

ALSO AT 20 ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES. BRIDGE STREET. RUNCORN. AND 17, POST OF ICE ARCADE, ACCRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
.IioIAILI/Rss GOUT

I=l. X XA •S FAR GOUT. RHHUMATISH SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe an effective. All Chemists and Stores at is. Ifd. and 2s. 9 per box

PARIS EXHIBITION.

THE GOLD MEDAL FOR SPORTS AND GAMES

HAS BEEN AWARDED TO GEO. G. BUSSEY & CO., LONDON.

THE GREAT REMEDY,

4 ,TilE ANGLO AMERICAN ' J 1( DENTAL ASSOCIATION (LIVERPOOL), LTD.

72, PRINCES ROAD,

CORNER UPPER WARWICK-ST., LIVERPOOL. FIRST CLASS DENTISTRY, AT MODERATE FEES. PROSPECTUS AND CONSULTATIONS FREE. MANAGING DIRECTOR :-

DB. LA. GRANGE, M.D.D.D.S., U.S.A.

Telephone 223, Toxteth.

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDE

KEATINGS POWD R.

'Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. ,Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. NBW BELLOWS, 9d.,; Tins 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins. 3d., 6d., 1/- NEW BELLOWS, 9d.; Tins, 3d., 6d., 1/- Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Plarmless to everything but Insects.) Sold in Tins. 3d, 6d., and is., also in the new filled Bellows, 9d.

KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS. KILLS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS.

Xetttrs to the obitor.

An Appeal.

ycu kindly allow me to say through your columns that my stock of cast off clothing is quite exhausted and I shall be &lad it any frienda will help me with a supply. I am afraid that owing to slackness of trade and the recent wet weather making it bad for out door workers there will be rather more distress than usual during Christmas time. Our Ladies Committee, with the Mayoress at their head, are doing their best to pro- vide a happy evening for 1200 poor children, and they wi I be elad to receive gifts of money, toys, sweets, oranges, Sze., for this work.—Yours faithfully, HENRY TAYLOR (P.C.M.) 174, Longford-street.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
BERESFORD'S MATS WEBSTER'S)

REFRESHMENT ROOMS, 13 AND 15, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. APARTMENTS, BEDS. FIRST CLASS ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLISTS. Picnic Parties Catered for on the Shortest Notice:

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAIL- WAY.--GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. The LONDON and NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY COM- PANY give notice that WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 26th. being a holiday under the Holidays Extension Act. 1875. the day will be observed as a HOLIDAY at GARSTON DOCKS and WIDNES DOCK and the Quays and Estate. FRED HARRISON, Ruston Ststion, General Manager. London, December. 1900.

RICHMOND AND COMPANY LIMITED. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the TRANSFER BOOKS of the Four per cent. Debenture Stock and the £5 Preference Shares of this Company WILL be CLOSED from the 19th Inst, to the 31st inst, for the purpose 6f preparing the half-yearly Interest and Dividend Warrants. I. E. BARLOW. Secretary. Dated Warrington. 15th December 1933.

BOOTS, CASH CHRMISTS (Lcriclshirp) Ltd., CiTIEMISTS, DRUGGISTs. STATIONERS. Bcc.. STATION-STREET. NOTTI NGH AM. The TRANSF ER BOOKS will be CLOSED from the 17th to the 31st Decem- ber inclusive, for the pumo.e of nreparing warrants for a SIXTH QUARTERLY DIVIDEND at the rata of Six per cent per annum on the Preference Shares. H,

HOLLY! HOLLY!! .OLLY !! ! CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS. A LARGE SUPPLY OF EVERGREEN AND HOLLY AT

OXLEY'S FARMER'S STORES, WARRINGTON.

GCIICNBEAL at liberty 17 months reference cook and wash; strong and willing Miss Jo!!Es, 4 Bank Street War- rington.

WANTlill GlitiAL tor one Lady, Iv, washing, take all other duties; .£l6; good references Miss JoNEs. 4 Bank Street Warriagton.

WANTED, A DAIRY of well cooled MILK. about seven dozens daily.—THomAs HAYMAN. Fceles.

W ANTRD a Strong YOUTTT, for Farm Work, good good Milker, wages; HERBERT FROST, Oreseent-road, Crumpsall. Manchester.

BOLTON ROAD. British School. WAntpil Certifiaat4,l Assistant MASTHR, Salary from £Bo,according to quail- ficatione.—Apply Rev T. ARMES, Bolton-road, Darwen.

MATE CART, very iittle used ; cost 60s take 19s 6d.-78, KNUTSFORD-ROAD. Latchford.

IN SALE, 5 HORSES from 13 to 16 hands from 4 years k_./ upwards, all quiet and gOO4 workers.—Apply T PnwELL, Abram. near Wigan.

POITLTRY ; immense FULLY GROWN PULLET. lay directly. 2e. 3d. eael).--Durr's FARM, Thurstanland Huddersfield.

THIRTY Well-known SONGS with TIIIIBIO accompanimen- armi Pianoforte Selections 83. Marvellous value. —BEET HOVEN HOUSE, 25, Abbey•street, Worksop.

PRIVATP: CHRTSTMAS CARDS, printed in Gold with own wording, name and address. from ls. 6d. per &am ; sample book !WM.—THOMAS BROTHERS AND Co.. Printers, 34, 36 and 37, Everton•road, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Re Burial Fees.

Sir,—Allow me to say how delighted I was with the outspoken utterances of Alderman J. Shaw-Green arid a few more at the Council meeting last week. lam glad we are not all tainted with cle:icalism. The working- man wants his money as well as the " over-fed " cleric, and is ofttimes raore worthy of it. Councillor Scnethurst Ehouts about his 8.1. friends having to thrive on £BO per annum, or three-eights more than the average workingtnan gets. But Councillor Smethurst need not feel alarmed, his friends look very well, notwithstand- ing. Parsons now-a-days have one great lesson to learn, and that is : to be like their Master, " Sell what ye have and give to the prior." Dint rob thew, for the" poor ye have always with you."—Yours, Sze., HENRY ROBIN.

Garston Place, Sankey Bridges. - Christmas Cheer for Ironworkers.

Sir—lt has been suggested that my letter of last week has conveyed a rang impregsion with regard to the Christmas cheer to bekiven to the unemployed Iron workers of Warrington. What the Committee and I as secretary are trying is to provide a good dinner. groceries, 8-z,L, for the wives and little ones in the maoy distressed homes. Our in- tention is not to give anything to the regular men who may be working to or three days a week, but to the bye-turn men and mill men who are out of employment through no fault of their own hut purely on account of the slackness in the Iron trade.

In no CAS. will money be g!ven but tickets to the value (according to the size of each family), on different tradesmen in the town, to the full amount the Com- mittee realize through the subscription lists now before the public. Donations in money or food will be thankfully re- ceived and acknowledged in the locll papers of Saturday the 29th inst.

Apolozising for tremnassing upon your valuable space I remain yours faithfully. T. B. MALKIN.

2, Lilford-street, Warrinenn

Corporation Contracts and Accounts.

Sir.—What I and many other ratepayers in Warring- ton consider objectionable in orders and contracts given out by our Corporathn is the very unfair and improper preference given to certain goods and materi Is which can only be supplied by certain firms,the agent or person who has the sole right of supplying the same in this district being contie:itcd with our Town Council. If this applied to some p ttent or speciality which could not be supplied by any other firm that would tif=, a proper excuse. Take the Parr Hall committee as only one case (there are many others). That committee when letting the Hall to any private person puts this clause in the agreement.

" No. 18—Arrangements have been made with the Warrington and District Billpesting and Advertisirm Company, Limited, of Bnwvy Chambers, Warrington for the posting on their stations at their usual rates of all bills, placards, notices issued or used in connection with all engagements of the Dail and any hirer or hirers advertising by means of bills, placards, notices!, &1., in the borough and district must advertise with the above company exclusively."

There are many clauses besides this but strange to say this is the only one that is underlined. On seeing this clause made so strict and knowing that we had two Bill Postinz Companies in Warrington I got a list of the shareholders of the company which the Parr Hall Committee had taken under its wing and I was not at all surprised to see the names of town councillors among its shareholders. Many ratepayers think it is time' to stop this sort of improper way of conducting Corporation business' There is a clique in our Town Council whose members are connected with limited companies and they are doing all they can to keep matters dark and at the same time discourage anything that I and others try to bring forward. This clique is busy circulating a report that I am bringing forward these improper tradings of interested parties because I am interested in a brick- works and want to get Corporation contracts myself hut the argument is all nonsense at the present time because the Corporation surely are not going to build another Police Station, Electric Light Station or Infestions Disease Hospital nor are the Guardians of the Poor thinking of building another Workhouse Hospital. There is however the new Sanatorium but as the contract is let and the bricks specified (which are of course not Warrington bricks) there is an end of that matter. I knew when I :ook this matter up that everything this clique could say would be said and not lose anything in the telling. I therefore purposely waited till these jobs were well advanced so that this argument would not apply, but they have got many unthinking people to believe there is something in it. It is, how- ever, simply the old came of drawing the red herring across the trail. We can, I think, ask our Cor- poration to do what the Government is willing to do. Last week a department in placing orders for machinery with several firms, specified that a certain part of the machine should be of a certain make which could only be obtained from one firm and on its being pointed out to the Government that the several firms themselves made these parts and it was very obnoxious for these firms who could make them to go to this one favoured firm, that part of the specification was, to the great satis- faction of these firms, withdrawn by the Government. Ratepayers are asking me many times a day if there is anything being done by the Corporation in these matters. I can oily say that up to the present I have not had any reply whatever but no doubt the Corpora- tion have the matters under consideration and if I receive any communication I shall with your permis- sion publish it in this paper.—Yours truly,

JOHN PEMBERTON.

Sir,—lra answer to Mr Pemberton's letter, published in your issue of the Bth lost, permit me to say that I am more pleased than surprised, that the gentleman should have brought home to him in so practical a manner, the absolute necessity of diminishing the power of the political clubs, in regard to our municipal representa- tion ; and to a gentleman who has (I am inform d) been a strong supporter of one of the political parties, to suddenly discover that net one of the club nominees,l had grit enough to kick over the traces, must have been a blow that fell heavily. I ven- ture to hope that in the future, like myself, Mr Pemberton will be careful where he puts his X. I was wrong in stating that the Council is entirely drawn from the lead- ing manufacturers. Upon further consideration, I discover that in our Council "Beer." can give any other profession a considerable start. I gladly accept Mr Pemberton's statement, that be had no intention to ignore the workingman ratepayer. and I regret having accused him of doing so. Now sir, with regard to our votes.how can Mr Pemberton assume, with any show of reason, that we are responsible for the composi- tion of the Council. The case stands thus : A vacancy occurs, the Conservative Club decides to run a candidate, and the Liberal Club one also, in time they trot out their respective hacks, and say there you are gentlemen, you must have one or other, we guarantee them, sound in wind and limb, no vices,withnut a blemish,and will go splendidly in "party harness."llf we vote one goes in, if we don't vote one goes in just the same, we cannot run a candidate of our own class, on account of the absurd laws that )•ave been designed solely with a view to ke.ep us out of the councils of the country. Those positions at present are only available to men of means and mostly to those who subscribe substantially to the funds of their party. it is most necessary that ROMP workingmen, in the inter' sts of jostice, should he on the magistracy, but we are kept out to m ake place for the hungry, party man. Both the Councils and the magistracy are mostly filled with men who as a rule have little but money to recom- mend them and who take the general view of their posi- tions as one of honour, rather than as one for the per- formance of public duty. Until all election expenses are paid out of the rates, our communities must neces- sarily lose the services of some of their best men. What we mostly rrqui ee are men pledged to municipalization, and the clestruc,ion of the Aldermanie position. Then we should hear less about " scandals." In reference to Auditors report, can the Council not be compelled to issue A report ? If we must pay we must know what for. that is but a reasonable request. There are two Citiz Auditors who are elected annually, arsi whose eafy is I believe, to check the Borough Accounts • I am informed that these gentlemen. although they have held the pos;tion for many years, have not as yst issued any r .port, or, that the event occurred so long ago. Lint rill residents have quite forgotten the fact. The present I ven'ure to think would he a very oppor- tune time to hear from them. With respect to the £3lO Os 9 1, 1 for one have no desire that our Councillors should be sent on deputatiens or to Congresses, and live, while performing those duties, for the public good, other- wise than they wr uld live at home. In fact, I would like them to appear like gentlemen and to live like gentle- men, at our expense, not their own, but withal we ought to know the particulars, so that any undue extravegance may be cheeked.—TLanking you in antici• pation, I am, yours respectfully.

'MARTIN FLANAGAN.

Sir,—Aeain I wiiii to cal, attention to the proceedineg of the Warrington Corporation, but before doing so I wish to ask for an explanathn. Tto Mayor is reported to have said that he did net receive any benefit from

===== 0002601_19001221_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER' FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21 1900.

contracts which the Warrington Slate Company had with the Warrington C nporation, but vett have not been informed whether or not during the last five years he has been benefittrd by the business of the Warrington Slate Company with the Corporation. and if so to what extent P Ido not mean to insinuate that in doing so there would be anything illegal. People seem to think that during the laic five years when he was director of the Slate Company, that Company did a very large amount of business with the Corporation. We a ish to ' give the Mayor credit for any sacrifice he may have made and therefore we trust that be will make this defi- nitely, clearly, and unmistakably known. I am told that the Borough auditors finished auditing the accounts at the end of July last and handed to the Finance Committee a report ad !reasect to the ratepayers, in which they mention the fact that a proportion of the cost of the Poll, for obtaining the Corporation Bill was paid out of the Walker Gift Fund. I also und r- , stand that they expressed disapproval of the w y in which the Middleton trust had ben) dealt with, and also called attention to the ea- ' travagant expenditure on deputations and other matters. Why has this not ib ,en puLli.hed P We have been told that if we are not satisfied with the proceed- ings of the C;uncil, wo*ought to tend other men, but for two years, et a meat inopportune time, when so many ratepayers weru dissaciafied ibith the proaeedings of the Corporatio I, by an azreernent of the two political parties we have been practically disfranchised. and come of those who were con .ernid in that agrelrnent were members of the Council. Then again the indiffer- ence of a great number of ratepayers to public business, compared with their interest in objects which more immediately concern themselves, frecpectly enables men who have little regard for the public, or who may hive an axe to grind, to obtain positions that would be, better filled by other men. England once had a king who obtained his crown by murder, infamy, and crime. It will not do to assume that because a man occupies a certain pnsitien, that he is better or wiser than other men, or more respected and esteemed, for there are other influences at work into which I need not enter. This assumption seerna to have been the basis cf many actions of the Corporation. The career .of the notorieua Jabez Balfour and his election to Parliament is quite sufficient proof of what I have said. Pride, gain, ambition, lure the selfish heart ;

The beat. too often, take a humble part.

Very often it is not because a man possesses gool un- derstanding and is unorrjudiced or has a keen insight into human nature and conduct and a stroen, sense sof justice, that be is male a magistrate but for ocher less suitable qualifications. Sometimes because he is a worshipper of that heartless, f)r —al o'd GAdess Mrs. Grundy, and has never cared to assist the right, or to condemn tbe wrong. Ido not wish to be unjust or to offend any member of the Council, but only criticise their collective action and public remarks. Why should private individuals have to point out and complain of shortcomings and irregularities ? It is not a pleasant task. Why must it fall on them ? Some people may say they need not do it, bw, if human conditions are to be improved it must be done. It is every one's duty at times to protect tne blind and maimed and the public,as oircumstances and ability enable them, and we csnnot always without degradation quietly submit to insult and injustice It is not two years since the Warrington Corporation, that has not publielled the airlitors' report was censured by a Committee of the House of Cmomons. —Yours &c.. Warrington, December 18th, 1900.

S. KEN YON.

NO CURE NO PAY.

VENO'S SEAWEED roNE IS GUARANTEED TO CURE STOMACH. LIVER, KIDNEY, AND BLOOD DISEASES. IF ir FAILS YOU CANNOT LOSE YOUR MONEY.

A BANK CHEQUE FOR 2i 61 ACCOMPANIES EVERY 23 9] BOTTLE AND IF IT FAILS TO GYRE YOU GET TFIE 2, 61 'THROUGH THE LONDON TRADING BANK LTD.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC Is TaE ONLY MEDICINE ON EARTH BACKED wiru BANKABLE PAPER BECAUSE IT NEVER DISAPPOINTS.

Mr Veno is an expert healer. He has been thor- oughly trained to the art of applying medicine. He does not believe in mineral poisons nor dangerous drugs. Ile has applied himself assiduously to the study of the natural healing properties of Botanic ii remedies, and succeeded in producing Veao's Seaweed Tonic which has gained such a reputation that doctors use it. It is em- ployed in hospitals bacause it is a scientific remedy possessing the greatest therapeutic value.Tne Veno Drug Co. give the suffering public an indisputable guarantee with every 24 91 bottle. If it should fail the monsy will be paid back without fuss or bother. Try it fnr indigcs'lon. wind, weak stomach, sluggish liver, palpi- tation, weak and painful back, disordered kidneys, im- pure blood, and headaches. You will find it the natural cure for constipation and poor blood. SUFFERING PE')PLE SHOULD TAKE NOTICE OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT BY A PROM.

INENT CHEMIST. Mr D H OXEN, M P S Managing Director, Oxen S.:. Co. Ltd., N.wcAsle, Staff )rdshire, writes : 3rd 1900 :—The Veno Drug Co. :—Please arrange to allow your lady attendant to remain with us here until Sat- urday next. Many thousands ot persons have tested your remedies day by day, and hundreds have re- turned and purchased them to complete the cures b2gun by the free samples so freely given by you. The testi- monials sent you may be published in whatever papers you choose, they were giv,n gratuitously and Boonton( - gusty. We have, of course,sold yrur remedies for some three years now, but the sales daring the past few weeks have far exceeded those of any medicines we have ever handled.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC IS THE PEOPLE'S STRENGTHENER AND HEALTH GIVER. No one would believe its marvellous trengthenine,, and healing pnwer until they have taken it. Ask for Veno' Seaweed Tic. Don't tak,. a ruhstitute or an imitation Price 19 ii ar:d 2s 9.1. Slid by Boots Ltd, Warrington. Peake, Earlostown, and Newton, Weston & Co. Rancor ; Walbridge, St Helms and all chemists and CI-operitivn Stores.

1 on-licensed public-house or beer house to every 750 of the {population in towns, and 1 to every 400 in country districts. A term of, say, 7 years should be adopted as the basis of a time notice, and com- pensation arrangement. The amount necessary for the money compensation should be raised by an annual license rental levied on the rateable value of licensed premises. The charging of such a rental is both necessary for the compensation scheme, and just in itself; for the present license duties are extremely low, and ought to be raised apart from any other consideration as may be clearly seen from the high prices fetched by the sale of licensed houses; in the case of any new licenses being granted, an even higher license rental might be charged. These license rentals would not consti- tute any claim to continuance of a license, for they would be paid, as are the present license duties, in return for certain privileges lasting one year and no longer. As the rateable value is the basis of the license , rental, so it is to be the basis of the amount of compensation. The licensing authority should have discretion to make the reduction all at once at the beginning of the seven years, or to spread it by withdrawing one seventh of the surplus licenses each year. The compensation paid for the licenses withdrawn at the beginning of the first year would be an amount not exceeding seven times the ratE- able value of the premises. For those withdrawn the second year the compensation would be six times the rateable value, and so on. Any holder of a license might be given the option of taking his compensation and dropping his license at the beginning of the period, and this would give an o;aportunity to the owners of licensed property to arrange among themselves very largely the required reduction. The money required to be pain at once could be realised by a loan on the security of the lice ;Ise rentals.

The money compensation should be distributed am-mg all the parties interested in the premises as enhanced in value by the license, and if they could not, agree among themselves, as to the proportion of their interests,they would have to go to the expense of applying to an arbitrator.

_ In 'comparing the amounts to be paid in compen- sation with the much larger amounts now paid for the licensed premises themselves, it must be re- membered, (I) that the premises themselves, often of considerable value for other purposes, corner sites and so on, would remain in the possession of their owners; (2) that in many cases the owner of the licensed house owns also the adjoining property, which would be enhanced in value, for no one likes to live next door to a public-house; (3) that under the tied-house systlm the loss will be spread, and brewing companies having an interest in licenses abolished, will partially recoup themselvei by ham aged trade elsewhere; indeed, if their own contention were accepted, almost wholly. At the end of the 7 years the license rentals should continue to be paid into the Imperial Exchequer to be used for whatever purposes Parlia- ment may direct; they would no longer be required for compensation; because all compensation claims would be definitely at an end, and it would be clearly understood that they could not revive. A careful study of the whole subject of c )mpen- don leads irresistibly to the conclusion that some such scheme must be adopted, or none at all. Though a great deal of sentiment has been importei into the matter, it is after all a purely practical one. If you are going to give more compensation, where is it to come from? Once for all it is clear that the public will not stand being taxed for this purpose. If you levy a greater amount on the houses that remain they will not be able to stand the tax. It can only be done by lengthening the time limit indefinitely, and making the compensation scheme continuous in its action; this is nothing but confirming a per- petual vested Interest in licente-holders and p1.,- Renting a constant. obstacle to further reforms. It is better to have no scheme of compensation and reduction at all. But the necessities of the case cry urgently for a large reduction, and no one who has studied the question can be deaf to that appeal.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ST. HELENS EXPLOSION

CASE.

Verdict for the Corporation.

Mr. Justice Bucknill and the Government. The action brought by the Bt. Helens Corporation against the United Alkali Company came again before Mr. Justice Bucknill in London on Wednesday. The Corporation seek to recover"compensation for the damage done by the terrible explosion which occurred at thn Company's works last year, and which killed five people and wrecked a quantity of property. The evidence was heard at th 3 rcc Int Liverpool Assizes, an I the jury gave a verdict in the form of answer to a series of questions. In effect they found tha', it was not known to the defendants before the accident that unmixed chlorate of potash was an explosive, but that in the manufacture and storage of the material they did not take all reasonable care and precaution to prevent accident by fire or explosion, and that the fire on which t' e explosion followed was not one which happened by mere chance and without rpgligence The effect of the verdict was argued on ‘Vednesday bsfore his Lardship. The counsel foi the defendants maintained that the jury's finling of want of knowledge of the explosive charterer of the chemical concerned released the Company from liability. Without calling on the counsel for the Corpora- tion Mr. Justice Bucknill gave lodgment in favour tot the plaintiffs, with costs, expressing his concurrence in the jury's finding of want of reasonable care and pre- caution. The amount of the damages is to be assessed privately. StAv of execution, however, was granted in view of an appeal. Other cases.it is understool,dlynd on the result of the Corporation's action. In the course of his judgment Mr. Justice Bucknill remarked that he was astonished that the Government, with this terrible explosion before their eyes, had not made any rules es to the storage of the chemical which had caused it.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM FIRE AT BURTONWOOD.

A serious tire to-dc place on Friday night at Healey Head Flom, Buttniwoori, in the occupation of an elderly farmer named Edward Gleave. fhe fire originated at the shippon and brim, which were entirely destroyed. After considerable delay a me- - sage • was sent to the St. Helene fire brigade, who arrived on the scene shortly after midnight, under Superintendent Lyon. The fire was then spreading to the granary and cart shed, and, on account of the gale, the bons° and seven large stacks were in imminent danger. A good supply of water was for- tunately at hand, and the brigade quelled the out- break after damage had been done to the amount of over £5OO. The fire was discovered by a m..n goine along the footpath which runs through the farm- yard,

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS. testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism. Try one box ; if not satisfied, money returOd. ls all Chemists. Post free I?. stamps.—HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, CLECKHEATON, YORKS.

DELICIOUS- MAZ.I.VATT.IOI TEA. DRUMM'S MAZ.IWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZA.WATPEE TEA. SOLE AGENTS: 111.CNRY fIILLING AND Co , LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETA LL GROCERS ETC.. 5, IL)RBEASARK ET- iTR ENT, ARRINGTON. TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY

Take Laxativo 11rotno qi:nine Tablets. Ail Driwgists r€- fand the money if ft kits to cure. 1/Li. 'llk., genuine i 3 stamped L. B. Q. •Advt. PUBLIC BEFIT TIND3ri THE CLOCK ouiBESII S BOOTS ix LANLlAStititß.—A.dvt,

===== 0002601_19001221_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
L RIGHIS RIME:VIM. j LO NSING REFORM,

BY THE HON. SIDNEY PEEL.

vii. The Cornoensation Question.

So far we have been dealing with amendments in the licensing law, which might be expected to meet with a very general assent, except from those directly interested in the liquor trade. We have now to deal with the question of compensaion, which nor only stands in the way of that large re- duction of licensed houses, which is, as we have shewn, so urgently necessary, but also presents an effectual obstacle to the adoption of any more far reaching reform, such as local permissive prohibi- tion or some adaptation of the principles of the Gothenburg system, which will some day have to be tried, unless a very striking improvement takes place. It cannot be too emphatically asserted that there is no legal claim whatever to compensation for the loss of a public-house. The law is clear upon the point that a license lasts for one year and no longer; the licensing authority are under no com- pulsion to renew it More than that, a license is granted for a year to a particular man for a par- ticular house, but there is by law no property in a license. It cannot be bequeathed. Even when a man dies or becomes bankrupt during the currency of the license, it does not vest in his legal repre- sentatives or the trustee in bankruptcy, but they have to make a formal application for its transfer,

It is true that this lias- not been always well known in the past, a great many people having laboured under the delusion that the law was other- wise, but since the case of Sharp v. Wakefield, de- cided in 1892, the truth has been made abundantly plain to all parties concerned. No amount of argu- ing from analogy, and no small differences between the procedure in applying for a license for new premises, and that on application for premises which have been previously licensed, can have the smallest weight against the express declarations of the law.

It is sometimes said that, because the licensing laws recognise the owner of licensed premises as distinct from the holder of the license, and in cer- tain cases give him a right of application for a transfer of a license, the perpetuity of the license is thereby implied. But it is a strange interpreta- tion of the law to construe an applica ion for a license as a right to obtain it, and moreover even the right of application only endures during the currency of the license, which lasts for a yeat and no longer It would be strange too, if the law re- cognised the perpetuity of !he license in the owner of the premises who has not got it, but not in the occupier,to whom it is ac ually granted, and whose character and circumstances are inquired into to see whether he is a fit and proper person to hold it, while those of the owner are not. Yet that is the absurdity which the brewer argument lays down. For the brewer certainly recognises no right to compensation in his yearly tenant; in his case the terms of the agreement are strictly construed,and he is not on any account allowed to put forward the plea that there is any continuing interest in the license which h. 93 been granted to him. The state of the law is e complete answer to those claims for money compensation out of public funds put forward by some licensed traders, esti- mated apparently on the basis that the license is ! granted in perpetuity. _ _ _

The quesfion" ma i be regarded from another point of view. The justices could, if they chose, enormously diminish the value of any licensed house by licensing the house next door, and the policy of free licensing was at one time deliberately applied for a period of four or five years in Liver- pbol, as well es for a longer period in a neighbour- ing county division But no one would argue that the existing license-holders were entitled to com- pensation for the loss which they would sustain; nor, when the legislature has from time to time placed restrictions upon the hours of opening, has it ever been supposed that the publican or the brewer ought to be compensated for the loss thus sustained; and yet the cut big off of two or three hours of sale in one house might probably mean a greater loss to the brewer, than if two or three licenses in an over-crowded district were altogether withdrawn. CIRCUMSTANCES TO TAKE INTO ACCOUNT.

But while from the point of view of strict justice the claim to compensation cannot be for a moment admitted, there are circumstances which make it advisable to give some amount of compensation. (the word compensation is perhaps a bad one to use, for it might imply some kind of claim; some neutral term like consideration would be bet er, but compensation has come to be used in the popu- lar sense of an allowance for the suppression of a license).

Until recently it was very commonly believed that there was a vested interest in a license, and a great deal of money has been invested often by small in- vestors on the security of licensed property in the belief that this was so. Although a certain number of licenses are withdrawn every year for no other reason than that they ar.i not required, this belief has been largely fostered by the action of the jus- tices in renewing licenses year after year when they could not possibly be thought to be required, and a wholesale reduction, such as alone would effec-, a great and permanent benefit, would undoubtedly be a chanee of policy on the part of the licensing au- thority, which past experience has not taught people to expect it is both reasonable and politic to effect a change, which would touch so many per- sons, in a manner as little abrupt and as well calcu- lated to ease the financial strain on individuals as possible, without unduly sacrificing the national interest

Again it must be pointed out that compensation in the case of a reduction of licenses stands on a different footing from compensation in the case of complete suppression of licenses in a whole district' In the latter case the licenses would all be taken away, because in the opinion of the inhabitants the liquor trade as a whole was an unqualified nuisance, and deserved complete extirpation, whereas, when the number is merely reduced, the assumption is that it is the excessive number of licenses, which is an intolerable nuisance, and not the whole trade; if no allowance were made in some form or other for the suppressed licenses, a distinct inequality would be created; some licensed houses would have the benefit of remaining to reap the advantage of diminished competition, when they could not be said to have deserved it by any superiority of con- duct over their rivals.

This distinction points to the solution of the difficulty, awl suggests, what is now regarded as a settled principle by all parties, that all money com- pensation should come from the licensed houses that remain. Another expedient, which may be fairly called in to assist in easing the strain of a change, is to make some allowance of time, that is to substitute security of tenure on good behaviour during a given period of years instead of the pre- sent annual tenure. Compensation by a time limit has, however a difficulty to face; if a particular license holder knows that he will certainly lose his lice se at the end of a given number of years. he is likely to strain every nerve to make the bes-, of his opportunities, and a good deal of mischief is likely to arise, which even the best administration may find it very difficult to cope with.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
IF COMPENSATION IS GIVEN,

Assuming then that compensation may fairly be given, partly by a money payment to he raised by contributions levied on the houses that remain, and partly by a time limit, certain considerations may be laid down as essential to the formulation of any scheme. First the contributions by the houses that remain must not be levied in such a manner as to confer upon these houses any claim to a vested in- terest. It is most important not to pledge the future more than can possibly be helped; we cannot tell what view may be taken on these questions by succeeding generations, and no additional obstacles must be thrown in the way of any reforms which they may vv ish to carry out. The compensation scheme must be regarded as a temporary expedient to meet a removable evil, and must come to an end within a definite time. Secondly, the time limit must be so arranged as tameet the danger we have referred to. Thirdly, the scheme must not be of such a character as to injure the administration of the law during s continuance That is to say, the licensing authority must not be deprived of the power to refuse a license for any reason that seems good to them, which is the founctation of their power in administration; they must have the power to refuse compensation if good cause is shown.

Such a scheme as that proposed in the Minority 'Report of the Royal Commission fulfils these condi- tions ; espo-i!Llly it provides that at the end of a given period all claim to compensation is to cease absolutely,and the field is to be leftelear for further reforms, if these are found to be necessary and desirable by public opinion. This scheme is in outline as follows. It is pro- posed that a statutory maximum should be fixed of

===== 0002601_19001221_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
MkJORITY REPORT SCFIEME CRITICISED

The difficulties of a scheme of compensation are well illustrated by a scheme put forward in the lqajority Report of the Royal Commission. It pro- poses to compensate for all suppressed licenses by giving the full value as declared by the owners and occupiers of the licensed premises. The compensa- sat im fund is to be raised by a duty of 64 81 per cell% on the same declared value, with contribu- tions from clubs and hotels, and higher duties charged on new licenses. At the beginning of each septennial period a sum is to be raised by loan equal to that which would be realised from these sources during that period,and as many licenses suppressed as the sum thus obtained will avail to buy out. Un- less Parliament intervenes at the end of the seven years,the same process is to be repeated for another seven years and so on.

This-scheme, to which are appended the signa- tures of all the Commissioners representing the liquor trade, accepts the principle equally with the Minority scheme that money compensation can only come from the houses that remain. Thil is an im- portant point, but a scrutiny of the scheme reveals some very significant features. First it assumes that all license holders are entitled to full com- pensation on the basis of the value declared by them; in other words it seeks to establish a com- plete vested interest in the license. This vested in- terest is to continue from one septennial period to another, unless Parliament intervenes at the be- ginning of any septennial period. If there was at present a legal vested interest Parliament would have the power at any moment to intervene and put an end to it so that the license holder under the scheme would be in a stronger position than he would be now, if a legal vested interest in the license were established un- conditionally. When the proposal is compared with the actual state of the law, it will at once he seen what an immense advantage it seeks to confer.upon the license holder, what an impediment to effective administration by the licensing authority and what a cmitinual obstacle to future reform. Snowily something might possibly be said for the establish- ment of the vested interest, if any real solid good Was to be gained. The scheme sets out from the proposition that a large and immediate reduction of licenses is necessary, but what is the effect of the scheme itself ? On a liberal calculation the reduc- tion of licenses in each septennial period would be about 3 or at the very outside 4 per cent. of the whole number, which is a good deal less than the reduction which usually takes place under the operation of the present law. And in return for this miserable result. Perlin- mends to be asked to confer a vested interest upon license holders, and thus firmly establish and fortify by law the position of the liquor trade al- ready strong enough in fact, though not in law and theory._

It Is impossible to escape from the difficulty, that if you give what is called full compensation on any bakii like that of present market value, you cannot get any reduction worth having, much less clear the way for future reforms. Either you must have a scheme of satisfactory reduction coupled with rompensation on a basis a great deal below the present market valuei.or you must have no compen- sation schema at all. And the longer a scheme of reasonable compensation is delayed, .the more liksly drel it become that one day a scheme of reduction will be enforced without any compensation at all ; for time is always running on without any Act of Parliament, and the day may come when the nation will decide that the tirre limit thus allo wed hos been sufficient compensation.

iVext Week: : "POPULAR CONTROL OF THR LIQUOR TRAFFIC."

Sudden Death at Warrington.

A navvy named Martin Towey, aged sixty years. lodging at 14, Friars'green, was found dead at one o'clock on Sunday afternoon, under singular cir- cumstances. Deceased had retired to rest at mid- night on Saturday, and was then under the influ- ence of drink. He slept in an attic along with another man. About 1.30 on Sunday morning a fellow-lodger-named John Conway came downstairs, and saw the deceased in a sitting posture at the door of the landlady's bedroom. Thinking be was agleep,Conway took no further notice of him. About one o'clock deceased was found in the same place by the landlady, and he was then dead. At the in- quest, which was held on Monday, Dr. Smith, who had made a post-mortem examination of the boiy, said he found that almost all the internal organs were diseased. Death was due to failure of the heart's action brought about by congestion of the lungs. The jury returned a verdict of "Death from natural causes."

DELICIOUS MAZ&WATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZA,WATTEE TEM DELICIOUS MAZ4AVATTEE TEti SOLE AG TNTS : HENRY MILLING AND Co., LTD. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS ETC, 5, HoRSEMA.RKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

WRITING &c. To become a Mood Business Writer, take leasons from Paorvssore SMITH. 47, GRERNALL-STREET, WARRINGTON. Open every day and evening.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK.

Continued Progress.

At the Bank premises,Blittermarket-street, the annual meeting of the trustees and man tgers of the Warrington Savings Bank was held on Tuesday morning. Mr. William Long chairman of the Bard of Manavement presided, and there were algo present Mr John Geddes (vice-chairman), the Revs H V Pigot. J H G lolling- worth, J Yonge and T Bishop; the Mayor (Alderman Roberts), and Alderman Sutton, Messrs. T Bircball, J R Young, 1 Dewhurst, R Chorley, 'W Richardson, J Hep- herd, J Harrison, W Tinsley, J Whittle and J Peers ; and Mr Thomas Tunstall (actuary).

===== 0002601_19001221_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT.

Tho ACTUARY read the statement of accounts and the following report of the Committee of Management :—ln presenting the general statement of accounts of the bank for.the year ended 20th NovembPr,l9oo,the Committee of Management have much pleasure in drawing attention to the very satisfactory progress of the business of the bank. During the year 789 ccounta have been opened, making the total number of depositors 12,636. Twenty- four thousand nine hundred and two transactions were recorded as compared with 23XL last year, showing an increase of 1,094. The increase in the amount owing to deposit•ors in the same period is £7,546 18s 31, making the total amount now due to them £353,463 34 7d., in aidition to which there are invegtmentt, on their behalf to the extent of £9984 04 61. in stock. The assets of the bank are £359,224 193 id., showing a surplus of £5,761 151 61 after deducting the whole amount due to depositors. The National Debt Commissioners hold on behalf of the institution a sum of £357,924 194 ld, which is considerably in excess of the total liabilities. The extracted list of depositors' balances cat tifisd by the auditsr, is placed on the counter during Ithe hours of business, and any depositor may satisfy himself by its inspection, that the amount to ifs credit, in accordanca with his pass book, is certified to the Government. The bank is ope.n daily for the transaction of business, and SUM as low as one shilling are received Fifty pounds may be deposited in any one year until the amount to the credit of the depositor reaches £2OO. A further £2OO may also be received in any year for in- vestment in Government stock. Payments not exceed- ing £lO are made on demand, larger amounts are paid subject to a week's notice. The continued steady in- cre34e in the number of depositor,' accounts, and in the number of transactions, is a most gratifying feature of the w of the bank. The greater proportion of the transactions are of small amounts which shows thr.t the bank is taken advantage of by the class ..f depositors for whose benefit the institiation was estahllened in the rear 1818. There are 5,163 depositors whose accounts do not exceed one pound. THE CHAIRMAN'S REMARKS. The CHAIRMAN moved the following resolution " that the statement of accounts prepared by the actuary and examined by the an itor be approved and that copies be transmitted to the National Debt Commissioner 3 and the commi, tee of inspection, and that the duelicate state- ment be publicly affixed in the bank." He said they must all have been struck by the way in which Mr Tunstalt had put be'ore them the details of so exhaustive a report. He had the figures at his finger ends and keew so well the bearings of them. One or two little points had struck him (the chair loan). One was that the best evidence of tne strocg position the bank hell in the nubile estimation was the fact that during the last year the sum transferred to the Post Office Savings Bank wa3 practically nil. That showed that the people of Warrington and district must feel that their interests were well looke I after in the bank. They brought their money to a bank I the managers of which they all know, and he kthe chaii- ' man) thought that and the publicity given to all their transactions had its weight with the public. Bearing upon that was the surplus, which was gradually rising over and above all their liabilities, of more than £5,000 (Flear, bear.) Those were facts which spoke for them- selves, and he thought tended to the -.stability and standing of the hank with these who had business with it. The work of the bank had gone on steadily, and the best evidence of the bank's success was that there was no very startling or sensational report to lay bEf Ire the meeting. They had not, however, stood still .by any means. Their officers had workel wcII, and they had proof before them that the bank stood as well before the public as it had done since its inception (Hear, hear.) Mr. GEDDES seconded, and the proposition was carried. THANKS TO THE COMMITTEE OF MANAGEMENT. _

Too MAYOR in moving "That the risi;ri—.T.,l;•Corn- mittee of Management be approved, and that this meet- mg acknowledges the v tlu abie service renderei to the institution by the gentlemen acting on toe coinmiztee during the past year, and tenders its best thanks to them," said he would like to take the opportunity of emphasising the very excellent position of the bank. The fact that ther? was an absolute cash surplus, not a paper surplus of £4,461 15; 61 spoke volumes for the sound financial position in which the concern stood to- day Toe estimated value of the premises and furniture. £1.300 was also he suggested, below the mark. (Hear. hear.) So there was every inducement in the sound position of the concern for investors to feel that confi- dence which of course, institutions of that kind must Rive or be an utter failure. 11, referred to this beeauge it was evidence much stronger than anything he could say of the value of the services which had ben ren- dered to the bank by the C3mmittee of Management during the last twelve months and brought to them its own satisfaction. He thought the committee had weli earn,d tha,thanks of the managers and the general put,- lie, and they might be pardona'oly very proud of the position which the institution he'd lay. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DBWRIIRST seconded the proposition, and remarkei that everyone would agree that this bank was one of the institutions of Warrington. Toe amount of money deposited in the bank in the last year and the number of people who had oaid in small sums showed the leat usefulness of the bank. It was not the amount of money only, but it was the number of depositors aryl those who deposited small sums which showed they were really helping people in thrift. He was sure the bank did that. The motion was carried. RE-ELECTION OF _crtAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN,

The Rev JOHN YONGE then proposel "That Mr. William Long be reelected chairman and Mr John Geddes vice-chairman.' In doiFig so he said that those who bad had any connection with the bank for a con- siderable number of years knew very well that they had been singularly fortunate in the gentlemen who had occupied the chair of the Board of Management. If he remembered rightly, when he first came to Warrington their old friend Mr Samuel Rigby was chairman, and after him came Major Pickmere. (Hear, hear). Their recollection of those gentlemen was of the happiest character. Their devotion to the interests of the bank was faithful and unselfish for many years. Now they had had the pleasure for several years of the presidency of Mr Long and the vice-presLieney of Mr Geddes, two gentlemen whom they respected and esteemed and who had served the bank in a moat admirable manner. They could only properly show their confidence in them and gratitude for their past services by asking them to go on aealn. Mr J R YODNG snondod. He said that for many yearA it was his privilege to be a memb,r of the working committee of this institution' and he might be supposed to know that the work which devolved upon the officers, and the president and vice-president in particular, was vary onerous. Mr Long and Mr G ddes bad been dis- tinctly conspicuous in the activity and interest they had shown in all that concerned the institution, and they could not possibly do better than re.elect two gentlemen who had been so exceedingly willing to do what they could for the institution. The rrretection was unanimously approved. The CHAIRMAN thanked the trustees and managers for this mark of their confidence. As tong as he had their confidence and Mr Geddes at his back, he was thcir ser- vant and he thanked them very much. Mr GEDDES said he was very much otliged for the honour they had conferred up m him. P. was always a great p'easure t) fulfil the duties of his position, and he had always found Mr Longian excellent chairman to work with. They always got on very wetl together.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMITTEE _OF MANAGEMENT.

Mr M, TINSLEY moved "That the following managers be elected to join the trustees on the Committee of Management for the ensuinz year : The Rev Richard Greenall, the Rev John Yong,. and Messrs John Harri- son. John Peers. Thomas Whittle, and Thomas Birehall.' Mr. RICIIMIDSON seconAld, and it was agreed t). '

===== 0002601_19001221_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION AND REMOVALS

The ACTUARY reported the resignation of Alderman Fairclough, a trustee. The hink had also lost by death Alderman Blankhurst, Mr Dsvid Finney and the Rev. James Warnock, maingers, and four other managers had left rho district. _

Mr. J RYMER YOUNG was appointed a trustee, the Rev T Bishop was added to the Committee of Management, and Messrs. I W Neil, W J Forshaw, and G Thompson were appointed managers.

THANKS TO THE OFFICIALS

The CHAIRMAN moved a vote of thanks to the officials. He said !-.heir thanks and those of the public of War- rington were due to the nfficials of the institution for the splendid attsntion ney gave to their work. They had the interests of the bark at heart as much as any of the trusters and managers, and from the actuary down to the juni-,r clerk they deserved their thanks. (Hear. hear.) Mr. GEDDES secor.deti, an I ne vote was unanimously carried. _ . • _

Mr. TUSTALL7acknowledgeti the cimpliment on be- half of the officials. Re aid he personally app-eciatNi the vote very highly, and as rngarded the staff be was quite sure they were worthy of any expresAion of com- mendation that might be wet When he tnid them tbar the Warrington Savings Bank had for a number of soars been the first hank in the cluntry to issue its ba!ance sheet they would agree that the staff deserved com- mendation. ((Hear. hear.) To his mind that was an absolute proof that the work ef the bank was candu".lted in a sacisfantory and accurate manner, for if the vto.-k had not been thoroughly well done during the year it would have been quite imppssible to get out a halanr!e, such as they bad got out here, in seven days. The fact that not another bank had done it under fourteen days spoke volumes. (Applause.) The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

The Invasion of Cape

Colony.

Despatch from Lord Kitchener.

Mounted Troops sent against Them.

The War Office has issued the following : From Lord Kitchener to the Secretary of State for War :

Pretoria, Dccember 19, 8.15 p.m.—A party of Boers, estimated at 500 to 800, has crossed the Orange River at Rhenoster Hoek, and a second bend is reported to have crossed near Sanddrift. They have been followed, and I have sent down a considerable body of mounted men, who are getting around theta.

The Boers from Rhenoster Hoek were followed closely to Venterstadt, which they left at 3 p.m. yesterday, going towards Steynsburg.

The important points on tie railway in this neighbourhood are well guarded, and I hope these bands will soon be driven S rth again.

===== 0002601_19001221_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Boers Occupying Colesberg Districi..

Cape Town, Dscember 20.—The invasion of the colony is spreading. The Boers are occupying Colesberg district, and pope are much disturbed there.

Personal.

We understand that the Tramways Committee of the Salford Corporation will recommend the Salford Town Council at their next meeting to appoint Mr Hatton, tramways engineer in Salford, as tram- ways engineer and general manager of the new electric tramways system. At present the salary of Mr Hatton is £240 per year, and he is expected to receive a substantial advance in his new position Mr Hatton who was articled with Messrs Pearson and Knowles, Bewsey and Dallam Forges, lived at Minim Farm. His appointment as been received with satisfaction by his many friends in this district.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL '/AT.SRS.—Advt

Local Teachers in Conferen2e.

A wall-attended general meeting OC-the local association of the National Union of Teachers was held in the Virinmarleigh C 4f4 on laturday aft-omoon, the president, Mr S Jeffrey, in the chair. The nominations of officials of the Union for the coming year occupied first attention. Dr Beach, of Maccles. field. was nominated vice-president, and Mr Hamilton was re-nominated treasurer, while the support of the association was accorded to the candidature for the executive of Mr J Wright., of Liverpool. and Mr Sharpies, of Manchester, Mr J Upson, honorary secretary and treasurer, was elected representative to attend the annual Easter Conference, which will be held at Yarmouth.—Mr. Stansfield moved the following resolution :—" That the time has now come when it is desirable that this Association of Warrington Teachers should be recogaiz id by the authorities in this town in all matters concerning education, and should be represented on those bodies having to do with educational affairs." Mr StanQfleld re- ferred to the excellent wGrk being done in many towns by teacher members of various educational committees, and contended that being actively en- gaged in educational work they were well qualified to deal with such matters, and as practical man often knew where the shoe pinched, He referred more especially to the Papil Teachers' Classes Com- mittee, and urged that the association ought to be represented thereon by its own nominees.—Ar ROBO seconded the resolution, which was passed without dissent.—At the conclusion of the meeting six new members were nominated. Subsequently an excellent tea was provided by sirs Hayward. The remainder of the evening was devoted to dancing and music, which appeared to give pleasure to all present. Songs were rendered effictively by Mrs A Brown, the Misses Woodward, Molyneux, and Moores, and Megirs Evans, Wright, Molyneux, and Denison, whilst the following accompanied on the pianoforte or played for dancing : qrs Dennison, Mrs colledge, Misses Miller, Gornall, Ditchfield, Moly- neux. and Wright, and Messrs Blackwell, Denni- son,.Molyneux, Brown, and Parker.—At the con- clusion the president proposed, and the secretary seconded a hearty vote of thanks to those who had so kindly contributed to the evening's enjoyment, which was passed with acclamation.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JoaN Wamtaa & Co. at The Examiner GEneral Printing Works, Bewsey- street, and published tiy them at the same place and also at the The Emminer Offices, Victoria-road.WIDNES 32, Georite•stre3t, Sr. HELF.NS ,ind 3, Market-Street; FARLESTOWN,itI the County of Lane xster ands's° at High sreet. HU:WORN In the County ot tIhester.—DECEMBEIC 21, 194:

===== 0002601_19001221_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OL D-STREET WES6EYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DRORMBER 23}13:). At 10.30 Rvv. C. H. HOCICRN. At 6.30 Rev. THICODORII BISHOP. Al! welcome. Hymn Books provided.

NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIELD URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.—INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES The above Council invite sprdieations for the appointment of an INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES for the District of Newton-in-Makerfield. Candidates must either hold a Certificate of the Sanitary Institute or undertake to be certified within a period of twelve menthe from the date of his appointment. The duties of the office will include those of Inspector of Common Lodging Houses. Slanghter Houses. Dairies and Milkshops, au.. and the Collection of Tolle for Street Hawking, and Market Inspector. The appointment will be subject to the approval of the Local Government Board, and will be for a period of one year and so on from year to year (or other period as may be here- after determined upon) if services rendered are satisfactory. Salary £lOO per annum. rising to £l2O per annum. Applications in own hendwriting. stating age. present employment and Previous experience (if any) and warm- Panted with COPIES of not more than three Testi- monials of recent date, to be forwarded to the undersigned, endorsed " Inspector of Nuisances "not later than MONDAY the 31st December 1900. Canvassing the members of the Council, directly or in- directly, will be a die qualification . C. COLE. Clerk to the Council. Town Hall, Harlestown. Lancashire, December 19th. 1900.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS fIN ARTISTIC FURNITURE, PIANOS, PICTURE, &c.„, &c.. GO TO WILLIAM TODD. 16, BERRY STRBIZT (TOP BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOI TELEPHONE, 7823.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, , (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS. BEG TO GIVE NOTICE • THAT/Villa HAVE OPENED 'A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN QUEEN STREET, EAR,LESroWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING. Ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT AT TENTION. BEST WORK NIANS HIP. REASONABLE PRICES. AGENTS FOR " WELSBACEI " INCANDESCE NT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FREE. WYCLIFF E CO VGREG ATION AL CHURCH BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS CHORAL SERVICE. SELECTIONS FROM "THE MESSIAH." WILL BE RENDERED RV AN AUGMENTED CHOIR. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER 23RD, 1900. SERVICE AT 6.30 P.M. SOLOISTS: • Mrs. R. H. PEARSON, Miss E. KNOWLES, Mrs. A. B. LONGSHAW, Mr. A. GRIFFITHS Mr. W. H. wALLINGTON. INSTRUMENTALISTS: FIRST VIOLINS. Mr. R H. PEARSON. Mr. W. BROW, SECOND Viorncra. Mr. A. KNOWLES, Mr, T. WALLINGTON. Miss BOUCHIER. 'CELLO, Mr. H. BOND. BASS, Mr. It. WHITFIELD. ORGAN. Mr. F. RICKMAN. CoNnucTos. Mr. W. If: PAYTON, Mus. Bac. Offertory for Choir Fund.

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER. in and for the ..aid County, on Monday, the 31st day of December, 1900, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury Will be eEnpannelled. The hearing, of all appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury. Nantwich. and Wirral!, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 31st day o December, 1900, at half-past eleven o'clock in the fore noon. The Court will be adjourned to the Court House, Rnotsford, on WEDNESDAY. the 2nd day of January. 1901, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield, and Northwich forming the Knutsford Dis- ttict, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take pl %cc at such Ad- journed Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court Muse. Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WED- NESDAY. the 2nd day of January, 1901. at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the county of Chester, Chester, 11th December, 1900.

GREENALG, WHITLEY, & COMPANY, LIBITUM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE WARRINGTON EXAAfINEI?. As the public mind is just now considerably dis- turbed, and very naturally so. by what is known as "The Beer Scare.' we think it may allay - anxiety to some extent if we state that the Beers brewed in our Breweries (Wilderspool and Bt. Helens) are, and always have been, absolutely pure and wholesome, and entirely free from arsenic and other deleterious matter. For Greenall, Whitley & Co.. Ltd., THO 3 J. DOWN. Director and Secretary. Wilderspool Brewery, Warrington. 29th November. 1920. Municipal Offices, Warrington, let December, 1900 To Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, & Co., Ltd., Warrington. DEAR SIRS,— I ant pleased to 'Worm you that the samples of Beer taken from the " Blac'kburn Arms," " Haw- thorn Inn," and Old Ball." are free from Arsenic. Yours sincerely, JOHN B. GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health and Public Analyst, Warrington.

WIDOW WRLCIPS PILLS FOR FRMALR'COMPLAINT- AfRS. SMITHERS Grand-tiauqhter to the Widow _JL Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for It a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.--To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers. who is the only nerson in possession of the Ourirmi. RECIPE, The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, Kai signed on the Outpide Libel by Mrs Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agents. "W. DWARDS & SON 7. Queen Victoria-street." formerly of 67, St. Paul's. bondon. are 'engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold i Loxes at 28.9 d. each by most flhamists.

ESTABLISHED 1842. JOHN LYTFIGOE AND Co., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CONFECTIONERS, 35, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. ALL THE LA.TEST NOVELTIES FOR THE CHRISTMAS SEASON. LARGEST ASSORTMENT IN THE TRADE. SHOPS SUPPLIED AT LowTIS"..7 TEEMS.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WREN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, PRICE? SET 21S. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

tailgotEG PARDON. EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-." "OTi.YRSI ORNAMENTAL HAM SPECIALIST. T. S. BROWN. 3.. LREOE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.' "THANK YOrT."

IF YOU WANT A REA CHESHIRE GOOSE OR TURKEY DON'T BR IMPOSED UPON WITH FOREIGN STUFF, SEE Mc D EEMOTT, THE RABBIT KING, NEAR BRIDGE FOOT, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON. DON'T PAY FANCY PRICES AT FANCY SHOPS.

THE ACTION AG A. I NS,' AN AUCTIONEER. NOTICE To refute the statement that I deducted wages for Bank Holidays I shall be glad to all3w any respectable person to inspect my wages hook and other hooks which W 9: a produced in court but not even 'onkel at. Any rwrsorta having just claims s.gain.t me can have them paid forthwith. WILLIAM HICKMAN. 13, Arpley-street Warrington. Telephone 0462.

• CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS. AND ANTIQUES. On RAVI?. a Choice gelection of Presents for CHRISTMAS. WEDDINGS. and BIRTHTIAYS. in SILVRR. .ILVER- PLATE DIAMONDS. JEWELLERY. and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selootinn of RARE COINS. WAR MEDALS. COIN CABINETS. ANTIQUES. CHINA. and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or taken in exchange. V. S. PENN. INGTON AND CO., NUMISMATISTS. MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

M. T. GILLIGAN (UPWARDS ;OF 18 YEARS WITH THEILATE JOHN M. PORTER). WHOLESALE AND RETAIL FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 33, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TOWN and COUNTRY ORDERS, will receive SPECIAL ATTENTION, and he hopes by strict attention to BUSI- NESS, to merit a fair share of your kind patronage. SECOND-HAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. DRAWING ROOM. SUITE. UPHOLSTERED IN REP. COMPRISING a—COUCH, PAIR RAMS, AND FOUR SMALL CHAIRS. ONLY £3 10e. A BARGAIN. TWO OLD OAK LINEN CHESTS. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY: THE FURNISHERS. 10 AND 12 WINWICK-S MEET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best brut cheapest ever (Alfred to the Publf a. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canistet 10(1., and Is. Bd. each.' Wholesale by J. GIMDRS kir" 'ON. LTD WARRINGT" ItST A.BLIHRD 1833 •

MAURICE AND M. ESCHWEGE, WANT TO PURCHASE OLD WAR MEDALS, OLD COINS AND CURIOS, Old Gold and Silver Old-faahloned Jewellery, Diamonos. Watclaes, Plate. &c. &e. HIGHEST PRICE GIVEN AT THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE. 47, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Top of Elliot-street). N.l3.—Money advanced upon Diamonds,Watehes,Jewellery, &a., at low rates.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES. Cheapest Sound 131C1LTq1-I LRVBR on the Market. Preseot Factory 20 YHARS' Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12s. 6d. Liverpool Agent RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST. JOHN'S-LANE, tivvmpont. Also WALTHAM WATCHRS in Gold, Silver, and Gold- filled at Lowest Prices Current.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS. . SURGICAL BANDAGPS, ABDOMINAL BELL'S. BUY THEIN FR'llll THE ONLY MAKERS IN LIVERPOOL. SMITH- AND SONS. 37, BREOK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. We supply a better quality at a lower price than any other firm in the trade. BSTABLIPHED 1886

Q ERGE JACKETS! SERG Z J ACK ZTS ! svery workman should bave one of HAM7II'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Fierce Jankete. strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65. BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

QPLENDID Assortrnent of New Season's PAT- TRRNS for our Oelebrated Ps. 61. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good valne. HLGUE AND Co. LImITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

TLLUMINATFD ADDRESSKS, DIE—STAMPING; FAC-SiMile of HandwritinT. Typewriting. plans. quan- tities ko.. copied and lithographeri.— BROOKS AND SJN, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington.

PURE BEER. • BOLTON BROS., MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, GUARANTEE - All BITTER BEER, STOUT, or PORTER, as being Brewed from MALT and HOPS only. They also GUARANTEE all their ALES to be PURE, FREE FROM ARSENIC, or any other poisonous ingredients. They have received the following certificate : Health Department, Municipal Offices, Warrington, December let 1900. Dear Sir,—l am glad to inform you that a sample of beer taken from the Exchange Inn is free from arsenic. Yours sincerely, JOHN H. GORNALL, Mr. Alderman Bolton.

• WHITE STAR Li NE ROYA MAIL STEAMERS. 40,1.0 _LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK ilia Qoeen stown CYMRIC, Wed. Dec. 26 OCEANIC Wed.. Jan. 16 GERNIANIC Wed., Jan. 2 TEUTONIC._ Wed., Jan. 23 MAJESTIC ..,Wed., Jan. 9 *CYMRIC Fri., Jan. 25 *Will not call at Queenstown on this voyage. Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of. I barge to New York. Boston, Philalolohle. or Baltimore Anplv tr IsiliAr. Irintr.. and Co. Liverpool, 17 Cockspur Street w d 34. Londenhall el, .1, ILO.. London IllON'r COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief: can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 13id, each or free on receipt of 'tamps, from THOMAS KEATING. Chemist. London.

E. M. ASFIURST, HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONER, 47, BRIDGE ST„, WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE THE TERMINYTS OF THE STOCKTON- HEATH 'BUSE*3. CHRISTMAS AND BIRTHDAY CAKES. SPECIALITY-SCOTCH MILK SUONES. TEA ROOMS. FANCY CHOCOLATES &c., IN GREAT VARIETY.

PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. FOR ALL TRADE PURPOSES, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. STATIONERY. TWINES, RTC. Se WEAVER, ' 3, FLAG-LANS (OFF KING-STREET), WARRINGTON. JOHN ATKINSON. 62, AND 64, GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGTON. • BAKER AND CONFECTIONER. DINNERS, TEAS AND REFRESHMENTS. SCHOOLS AND PARTIES SUPPLIED. WEDDING AND rIRTRDAY CAKE,. t brECIALITY.

CHRISTMAS! CHRISTMAS ! ! FOR A CHOTPI'. SELECTION OF CHRISTMAS & NEW EAR CARDS AND C .RISTKAS PRESENTS IN GREAT VARIETY, GO TO T. CLARKE. " EXAMINER " OFFICE. MARKET ST., EARLESTOWN ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST ANDIFIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CnRNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,150,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. RlGBEY.Neascliffe, Viotoria-rd-Latohford St. Helens Mr. S. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. EMU/QM:I The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnwortb Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.Moarfield Hone

FROM BEHIND THE SCENES; TO THE FOOTLIGHTS, and no matter how powerful the light ARTHUR EVANS' 6s. 6D. AND Bs. 6D. GENT'S Bruns will stand out as the finest value ever offered. NEW CITY BRANCH:- 221. LONDON-ROAD ; also at 5, London-road, 24, Berry- street. 51. Byrom-street. 201. Brea-road, 55, West Derby- oad. 124. Break field-road: Liverpool. Teiimhone 225. Anfielcl.

Air ATSMATS —For GARDBNBRS and FURNITURB BB- r MOVERS.—G. M. Jame, 9,BlaeldEars-st.Manchester. URDLES.—Wood Hurfiles, Gates, etc.—G M. Tors. 9, Blackfriars-st. (late Victoria Bridge), Manchester.

NOVELTY, VALUE, STYLE, CHRISTMAS GOODS &c. W. ISHERWOOD CO. (LATE POOLE.) SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALI IT HOUSE FOR GLOVES. DENTS KID and REINDEER Lined Silk is. llfd. to 55. Ild, per pair. Long Evening Silk Gloves, Lace Tops.fro is. 6d. Long Creme Suede Gloves 38 6d. Perfect Fitting Fabric Gloves, Lined Silk. from Is. to 2s. 6d. per pair. -r FANCY LACE GOODS Just to Hand from London Very Choice Lot Of Lace Fichus, Bows, Fancy Collars, Ties. Ac. Lovely Goods at Medium Prices. SPECIAL LOT OF LADIES SILK SHIRTS. LADIES SILK SHIRTS Delipate Evening Shades, Perfect Fitting. From 88. lid each. Splendid Designs in Oar Own Ma ke Wool Shirts 4s. Ild.to 105. &IL SPECIAL PURCHASE of Linen and Cambric, and Initial Handkerchiefs is. 7kd., Es 3d., 3s. 6d. to 55 64., half dozen. FURS. • Best value in the trade in FURS. Very useful presents liolinski, Beer. Sable, Stone Martin. Thibet Necklets. DRESSING GOWNS. New GOODS for CHRISTMAS. CHILDREN'S COATS and CAPES CHILDREN'S MILLINERY. Hundreds of Children's PINAFORES for Christmas presents ; beautiful Lacey Designs. NOVELTIES for PRESENTS in UMBRELLAS. BEST VALUE IN CORSETS. Special delivery of UNDEOLOTHING, Wool Goode. Flannekfte Goods, White Underclothing. Splendid line in Ladies Winter Combinations, 33.1.1 d to 10e. 65, DRESSING CASES. Lalies and Gents Dressing Caiei 45 lid to 30s. Oak Stationery Cabinets, witif,: revolving American Desk Top, 22s 6d. Smokers Cabinets. Liquer Ciabinets, Card-Cases, Cigar- Cases, Handkerchief Satchets and 'hundreds of other useful Articles for presents, AG. rows 1011 THE CHILDREN CHRISTMABc;CARDS e t GENT'S OUTFITTIO4D4 EPARTMENT. Thousands of Ties,new design Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, Mufflers, Linen Handkerchiefs, if Gloves, best value in the district. Under-rests, Pants, &a., Spipciai value. 28 11d, 3s lid. 4s 11d, 5s 11d, Wool and Linen Shirts, our own make, 4s 11d, 5s 11d, 78 lid. DRESSING GOWNS. TRAVELLING RUGS, UM- BRELLAS, FANCY WAlsrco#:rs, W. ISHERWrD AND CO., SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS CHRISTMAS PRESENTS! JOHN FINLAYSON. THE POPULAR JPWELLER, 42, H ORSEMARK ET-STREET, WARRINGTON. IS NOW SHOWING all the latest and newest designs in GOLD AND Simin JEWELLERY, PLATE, ETC., for the present season. Our prices are undoubtedly lower ttan any other establishment in town: A visit will prove it. N.l

Mc DoWELL'S LIMITED. CARRIAGE BUILDERS, TOWN IMPROVEMENTS. k7r, ALTERATION AND RE-ARRANGEMENT of Premises. SPLENDID NEW SHOWROOMS Will shortly be openea"-With entirely new stock, Present Stock will be sold out at GREAT REDUCTIONS. GRAND OPPORTUNITY to secure RICHT-CLASS GOODS at VERY LOW PRICES. RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. TZ• CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, AND 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATEI‘JO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FVOM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKBRSHAW COAL). HEAD Orrio AND WHARP : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch °Moe : Marion Street, Warrington

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. lAMES'-STREBT, LATCHFORD. TILE AND MOSAIC PAVEMENTS.' TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS, &c. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams: " HoLLoraworrs. Latchford."

SEE KUSTANCE AND CO.'S MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY !. OF CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES FOR PRESENTS, PRIZES, PRESENTATIONS, BEFORE DECIDING ELSEWHERE. 41, AND 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON I ' UNEQUALLED VALUE. MAGNIFICENT SELECTION. TELEPHONE No. 0459_

SPECIAL SHOWROOM FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS. PRIVATE CHRISTMAS CARDS FROM TWO SHILLINGS PER DOZEN. ARTHUR .DAVIDSON, (LATE LOWI3 AND LAITHWAITH) 61, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. BANKS, 62, HORSE MARKET STREET, AND SCOTLAND-RD. WARRINGTON, LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S HATTER AND OUTFITTER, LADIES' ENTRANCE IN SCOTLAND ROAD.

JAMES ATKINSON'S' XMAS BAZAAR. NOW OPEN. PRESENTS FOR THE CHILDREN: DOLLS, TOYS, AND GAMES IN LARGE VARIETY, PRESENTS FOR ADULTS. PURSES, SATCHETS, PHOTO FRAMES, ORNAMENTS of every descrip,:inn, PERFUMERY, WORK BASKETS, HANDKERCHIEF AND GLOVE BOXES, CA.IID CASES, DRESSING CASES, &c. &c. FOR DECORATIVE PURPOSES. JAPANESE UMBRELLAS. LANTERNS. &c., in all &lanes and sizes. TABLE DECORATIONS, FLOWERS, PLANTS, PALMS, FERNS, &c.. &c. PRIVATE XMAS CARDS FROM 1/6 PER DOZ. A Large variety of Messrs. Raphael Tuck's XMAS CARDS. Thousands to select from. From id. each. !'2l VISIT OF INSPECTION SOLICITED. JAMES ATKINSON, „ 11, AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOOTS CASH V)HEMISTS NOVELTIES FOR XMAS. "ROOTS business grows and grows be- cause new customers are constantly realising the worth of our goods and the benefit of our low prices. Here are a few articles of the most useful and Inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents : PERFUMES make very acceptable presents for young or old. Good quality, 64. size 54., Is. size 91-d. Lilac, Jockey Club, Opoponax, Lily of the Valley, New Mown Hay. Wood Violets. Nice Violets, in Stoppered Htttles,le. 64. size Is., 2s. 64. siz- Is. 94. PARMA VIOLETS In Bottles from Is. 3d. In Artistic Cases from' Is. In Cut Glass Bottles from 2s. 64. • EAU DE COLOGNE. Jersey Castle Brand,2s 64 bottle'ls 64,4 s bottle 2.103 Silver Cologne. Is. bottle 71d., 2s. 64. for Is. 24. Golden Cologne, Is. bottle 80., 2s. 64. for Is. 44. Toilet Bottles from le 64. TOILET ARTICLES are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance-at this short list will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line. Hair brushes from Is 64, Dressing Combs from 63, Hand Mirrors from is, Nail Brushes, Puff Boxes, Tooth Brushes,Pocket Combs, Troth Pow- der Boxes, Scent Sprays. Splendid assortment. TOILET SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY. Honey, Curd, Elder Flower, Brown Windsor. 2d. per tablet, 8 tablets for Is. Glycerine and Cucumber, White Rose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 214. per tablet, 6 tAblets for is. Castile Soap, 31d. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine Soap suitable for the most delicate skins, as follows . Vinlette de Parme. Grey Oatmeal, Marshmallow and Glycerine, Coll Cream and Honey, usual 64., tablet for 3L.d.. is. 64. box 104. We can recommend this particular line of choice Soaps with all confidence. 8..0TS CASH CHEMISTS., 35, BRIDGE-STREET, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ALS) AT 20, ALBERT ROAD, WIDNES, BRIDGE STREET, RUNCORN, AND 27, POST OFFICE ARCADE, ACCRINGTON.

CiViu SOFT Film omm. Face, Hands and Arms of delicate whiteness insur- ed to those Ladies who use is , d'dm I*' which remnves Rednes, Roughness, and all cut- aneots defects and produces a lowdy delicate complexion. Sizes as. 3 . S: 4s. 6d. Sold by Stores, C3,emists, & A. Rowland R.: Sons, Hatton Garden, Loudon. 0

- - RILES AND INDIGESTION CURED If you have PILIS do not neglect and allow them to assume worse forms ; Fistula may follow. KFATTY'S CURE is the only safe rind effec,ual remedy for invrard, outward, -nd bleeding Hies or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blond, and causes them to disappear like rnaqic. It is a positive cure for the most, acute forms of Chronic Indigestion. Dizzinees or Flinting Fits, Sick Headache, Disordered Liver and Blood. One bottle will convince yru. price Is. lid. Sold by all Chemists and Stores Post paid fom KEUTY AND ETA LIFAX.

--- -- i -----, \i) '•. , : =--.:1_.7.4.--.:.-....,--,,,___,..._ _ ;40 _, • . - _:------...D;5:=.4:1-.-T.43:-Wrq",-I:eg------.------- --xo r°.. - _ ---- i— v -,!.. --7-- ' *3'--= ,7*--'1 ,1••=4,-, % \ , t - --- _-- =,------- T ARGB STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. .14 GUITARS, VIOLINS, de Sptelal Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE. MAKBR'S tonne inside. Rose. wood. ornamentid ; 123. 6d. Carriage paid ARCH leR AND SONS. sT. GROEGBS' ORESCSNT. TOP OF LOED- STUB/a, LI% BILPOOL. EstAblished 1848.

REDUCTION IN PRICES. "OIL INC A.NDESCENT „ BURNERS. INCANDESCENT 4 MANTLES INCANDESCENT st. CHI VINEYS. * 4', 0 INCANDESCENT' GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOKE ' PROTECTORS. _ GAS GLOBES. OF DIFFERENT coLouns AND PA 'TERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN 1313 MATOHED OR EXCHANGED AT ADAMS, 80 ST. JAMI-S PLA.CE. INDOW GLAAS OF DIFFERENT PATTBRNS. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFI'REST SUB3TANC3S. BRITISH 4ILvERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES ANI) hTANOS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. Jo ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, LIVERPOOL.

AT CHRISTMAS TIME. You are puzzled what to give your friends and neighbours. You want to give them something good, something useful, some- thing that will be a pleasant reminder of your thoughtfulness. Now, there is no present more welcome in a household than a canister of really good tea. It does not spoil if not used immediately, and is never out of season. There is, too, a peculiar appropriateness in a present of tea being made at Christmas when each home has its festival. But when you buy, be sure you get good tea, tea that will make a friend of every lady who drinks it, a tea like Brooke, Bond's Tea, a small spoonful of which is stronger and better than a large spoonful of other tea. BROOKE, BOND'S TEA FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. For Christmas and New Year Gifts, Brooke, Bond's Four Favourite 1/6, 1/8, 2/. and 2/4 Teas are packed in artistic canisters and sold, by Agents, complete, at these prices: 1-lb. CANISTER: 1/9, 1/11, 2/3, 2/7. 3.1 b. CANiSTF.R: 5/-, 5/6, 6/6, 7/6. ó.!b. CANISTEP.: 9/8, 10/8, 12/8, 14/8. Brooke, Bond & Co., Ltd., pack tea for Parochial Distribution and for Charities, in one-ounce packets at lid. and in two. ounce packets at 3d. each. 30,000 AGENTS SELL EXACTLY THE SAME TEAS AT EXACTLY THE SAME PRICES. immediate attention is given by Agents to orders. Letters and post-cards seeking further particulars may be addressed to Brooke, Bond & Co., Ltd., 17, Piccadilly, Manchester. BROOKE, BOND'S TEA

Wlottifit ILVDroic, Yaoaruing actabs. UNIVBRSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT.—A most success- ful Boarding School for Boys. T IsnEnwoon, M.A..

TIME CLASS SCHOOL for Girls, Doleithyn To wyn, N, Wales, splendidly situated, bracing sea and mounta in air. sound modern education. Preparations for Exams, Goverkees pupil required: Principal tdiss Cook.

LunDutt WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATEI HILL, ALSO AT 70 a 71. RUSTON SQUAIIS. HOME COITIORTS, CLEANLINESS AND cl [JILT. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. Wild's Temperance Hotels Ltd. SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB IHYDRO, Physician: Jr, BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every oomfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms fromls 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOOK, Proprietor.

MK TOM BOOTHROYD, Professor of the ViuLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, apecialist in Stringed Instruments. S, bUBZ-STRIIBT. WABBINGTON.

ARKINGION GRAMMAR SCHOOL, 'the Nb2ET TERM will BEGIN on TUESDAY, JANUARY 22nd, 191. The HEAD MASTlitt will be AT ROHR, to INTERVIEW PARONTb on SATURDAY. JANUARYII9th, and MONDAY JANUARY 21st. NRW LaIRMICAL LABORATORY, CLASS-ROOM, An. Preparatory form for boys from 8 to 12 years cif age. PROSPECTUS, AC., ON APPLICATION.

PUBLICANS REQUIRING THEIR ROOMS RE-UPHOLSTERING ptt RE-SEATING SH3ULD WRITE TO LAWN AND HOWARTH, PARSONAGE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE 4853. ESTIMATES FREE ANY DISTANCE. BAR TABLES, COUNTEItS, FITSINGS &c,

MISS BERTHA BOLJUkilEkt, A.L.U.M. is prepared to receive PUPILS for the Violin. Lessons at own or pupils' residence, or on Mondey's at Mr. Sutton's Music Room, Sankey-stunt. Terms, &c, on application to 33, WHITEFIELD-ROAD, Stockton Heath. Al ANU h. ESTER LittAllAilit 6CHUOL. 111 FEE £4 4s. PIM TERM. The NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY, JANUARY 15th, 19A. ENTRANCE EX.MINATION, MONDAY, JANUARY 14Tu, nOl, at 9 A.m. Pruspectwies, Foims of Application, &c„ may be had at the School. N.ll.—The Boarsiing-house in tconnection with the School, a situ.ted iu Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

F. R. LAMB & CO., HOTEL AND BAR FITTERS. PRIZE MEDAL BEER ENGINES, BEER AND SPIRIT TAPS, CORK IMAWERS, MULLERS, TABLES. Send for Priees. Estimates free. MOSLEY-STREET, MANC RESTER. Telephone 089th. HARROP BROS. AND COMPANY.. PEWTERERS AND COMPLETE liAlt FITTERS. PATENT DRIPLESS BEER-PUMPS AND SPIRIT TAPS. SPECIAL CELLAR FITTINGS. URNS, TABLES, COUNTERS AND SEATING. 22, BRIDGE-STREET MANCHESTER. Telephone 2887. Lists Free,

300r5t5 ozr. 5 pONY TURNOUT ON SALB. 10-2 h. sound and quiet. rising five; Governess Uar.—Apply TILLOTSON'S ARMS 'MOTEL, t,nipping, Preston.

PSotyLßeacrinpr,tetzherresealnedlST-CutisliAnsoilANhODLAgitilearnvd all complete. with eight Guns, for £8 ; owner no use for it.. —Apply, 15. WAINBO2i-STBEET, L.laCkpOOl. CARRIAU E LAMP MAKER. EDWARD BINNION, 4, A UDLEY SPREE'', LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. *airs op pun= creatp.

CIN ESIATUGRAPEI hNTERTAIN SIEN'iS for bazaars, ischools, private parties, eze. Latest war pictures. Terms moderate.—ScHoLL's PHOTO STOREB, 35 South Castle-street. Liverpool.

Trro ORGANISTS AND CONCERT AGENTS.— SOLO BUY desires Engagements.powerful voice. thor- oughly reliable, for sacred or secular music, quartettes, &c. Address (in first instance) PRECENTOR. 73. Park-road. douth, Birkenhead.

SBALSKIN JACKbT, very handsome, fashionable shape, storm collar, equal to new, 46105.-1/ay's, Pawnbroker, Strangeways, Manchester.

UORFEITED, Marquise Ring, 'containing 15 genuine lovely 1 white and brilliant diamonds, neatly mounted in 18-ct. gold, £8 100.—Dsvis, Pawnbroker, fitrangeways, Manchester.

ABANDON ALL UNNECESSARY TROUBLE AND EXPENSE BY FIRST CONSULTING R,YDER LLOYD AND CO., WITH RE€PECT TO ANY KIND OF BUSINESS YOU MAY DEsIRE To PUECHASE OR SELL; AIIsOLUTELY IRE BEST MEDIUM; BUYeItS SUITED FREE; QUICK SALES AT MODdItATI & FIX tD CHARGES; Ni SALE, NO CHARGE ; PARTNERSHIPS ARRANGED; TRADE STOCKS PURCHASED ; CALL, WRITE OR TELEPHONE, 01C.9. RY DER ,LOYD AD CO., ESTABLLSHED 1837. 21A, OLD HAY MARKET, LIVERPOOL (Close to Lime-street and CenSral btation). r 110 AUCTION 45E1, PROFESSIONAL MEN in General J.. and Wine merchants. A gentleman with small capital wishing ta purchase a magnificently fitted suite of offices on ground flopr and where a gond business may be done, may purchase same for about cast price of fixtures, fitt- ings..tc, owner retiring. 80-As open to the investigation of an anctloneer.—Appiy Box K., EXAMINER Office, Warrington.itgaigkiaTh' CIHIPS and PIS/I.—Cooking Ranges. Cutters, Washers lJ and Peelers, and all utensils for the above business. New tile double cooking range the latest and best out. The oldest practical mi,ker in England.-- GELDART, 129, King- street, Oldbam few second Laud Cookers on sale cheap. RESUTZAI e"sTta.b-11F-1? eRd. SALE ccentrally r:el yt situated, and coffee rooms. 52, Market-place, Wigan. Good window and counter trade --For price, order to view, and further particulars apply to.—W S FRANCE, 44, King-street,Wigan. JRONMONGERY and TINPLATE-WORKING BUSINESS FOR SALE ; and over 50 years ; satisfactorS reasons for disposal.-1,147, CHEsTER-ROAD, Stretford, near Manchester.

VORFHITED, Gold Centre seconds Hunting Watch, 1 Forber, Liverpool, £8 103. ; Gold Curb Double ,Albert, 535., Hall-marked.—DA,vis, S 9, Strangeways, Manchester.

ALL Sufferers trom tape-worms quickly relieved, particu• lars free.—Address HtGatni, Box 278, North street, Nottinvtutm.

ADlt.6' VIULIN.—Bow, case; excellent ,Instrument ; I4s. 6d.; approval.—U. JACKSON, B ry-road, Thetford4 GRAMOPHONII Records, damaged or worn, taken Dart payment tor new.—hnwartos, Victoria-street, Paignton.

QTAMPS.—Collection, 2000 different, mounted in book. Li £3 tbs. ; bargaln.—AßTHMl J. CHATT, Blackwater,Hants iT T STAMPS.—Transvaal and Orange Colony ; also V.R.I. Kruger coins.—DAY, 2,3, Hainanlt-road, Leytonstoue

O(ABE CORPULMICY.—AbsoIuteIy the quickest guaranteed cure. Particulars Coy., 168 Picesdidy. London. LADLES' handsome Solid Gold Watch; perfect time. 30, - keeper; approval willingly.—Mrs. g.ICEPHERD, 4. SelDy-road, Leytonstoue.

1-130ANDESCHINT ManTLISS. —The Beet. 4s td a dozen. _L carriage paid.same day Lights complete 25.—.1 WALKER. 2*, Yorkshire-street, Salford.

PROFITABLE GOODS TO SBLL. Bvery kind. Method for beginners. Wholesale book free.—Write iIENRY May, Merchant, (624), Birmingham.

riI_AMEICEEPEIt'S RABBIT NETS made from 4-fold super VI flax, 50 yards. 10s. Plaited Cords.—Jontisotes Ma` W AREROMIIs, 38, Corporation-street, Manchester. 1 3 GUINEAS for £.B Iron Frame PIANO, Walnut, latest improvements. T.n years warranty. Twe ve months trial.—Address A.C., " Examiner "Office, Warrington.

• JOHN BROWN & CO toCOUNTANTS. 'TRANSFER BUSIN N... 56 AGENTS. (IiSIABLISRED 25 YEARS.) ALL CLA,SES 13UsINESs TRAtISFERRED. PARTNERSHIPS ARIUNGED. MACHrEIa 'VALUED. STOCKS PURCHASED. BELLI, BUILDINGS, 34, SOUTH. JOHN-ST. LIVERPoOL.

IYOU WANT A Real Cheshire GOO 'r TURKRY for Christmas. see ItllcDzslttort, The Rabbit Ring, near bridgo ko•Jt Latchford.

STAMPS.—A Collector wishes to buy soma old POSTAGE STA:I.MM either a collection or loose ones.—Apply COLLECTOR. •Examiner " Office, Warrington.

ClilitAitll&h.—liich Yellow and Variegated long lORK- kJ SHIRK COCKS; splendid songsters ; 3s. 6d. each, 2 for 65.—H ARDY, 4, Allestree-road, Fulham, London.

GLASS AND CO, AUCTIONEERS AND VALUERS. ESTATE, INSUR- ANCE AND BUSINESS TRANSFER AGENTS. 41, CORPORATION-STREET. MANCHESTER. Valuers to the Drapery, Millinery, Mantles, Furniture. Ironmcnge y, Cutlery, Jewellery, Boot and Shoe, Toy and Fancy Goods, Grocery and Provisions, Bakers and Confec- tioners. Tobaccos, Sweets. Off Licences, Also of Fixtures. Utensils and Machinery, etc.. Also Fully Licensed and Beerbouses. PERSONS DESIROUS to SELL or BUY BUSINESSES are advised to CONSULT GLASS and Cu., 41, CORPORA- TION-STREET, MANCHESTER. BUTCHER'S, Village 3 milPs out, taking £2O weekly £2O. GROCERY and PROVISIONS, Bury taking £2O weekly £9O includes st)ck. CONFECTION HELY, SWEETS, and MINERALS, taking £lO weekly £4O includes stock. PROVIs EONS, in country taking £35 to £4O vieekly £l7O stock at valuation FISH and CHIP SHOPS, £2O, £25, £4O, £65, £9O, and £lOO all doing good trades. OFF-LICENONS, £.SG, £225. £2.7C, doing good trades. MILLINERY and DRESSMAKANG, liochdalo doing £l2 weekly £3OC suit two ladies. ROTR OUR ADDRESS, GLASS AND COMPANY, 41, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER,

LlBTUftlii.—Clentiernan (cured himself) wilt send free particulars of inexpensive Self-aurative Treatment. Stamped address. Box 46, 69, CASTLE-STREET, Carlisle.

SNOLIA DERMA.LINE and Wrinkle Eradicator will add beauty to the Skin and g‘ya r,newed youth to the middle-aged ; Is, 2s and 4s.—SA.NULIA., Booth-street, Picea- uilly, Manchester. A PPLES.— Selected fruit of the Best Varieties for either Li. Cooking or Dessert. 24 OA for 49., package frre. Other qaantities to suit customers at the same rate. —PHILLIPS. liredicoL SchoOl. Worcester.

11OW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescr,ptions and Instructions for the cure of F.ll kinds ot Debility ; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES, 4'd, Lonsdale Square, B,,rnsbury, London,N RHEUMATISM AND PAIIALY3IS.—Their complete I•torne cure. Preface by Dr. Cole. Recommended by ministry, Illustrated pamphlet free on receipt of post- card. Address f—PUBLISRERS, 18, Devonshire-street, All Saints, Manchester.

66 LI OW to make Patents pay."—Fortunes awaitng In- ventors. Full ot information. List of inventions wanted by Clients. Yost free. three stamps.- -BRAUN & Co., luventor.' Engineers and sample n3akers,236 and 238,Penton- ville-road,likqes Cross, London. (Pease mention this paper.) rpo UK SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.--The extensive J. Works. lat ly used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. wlitable tor Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick- street. Lis,erpool.

ELECTRICITY ! ELLCTRICITY I! ELECTRICITY I! ! Everyone iuterestel in Electricity should procure the .• PrActical Engineer " Electrical Pocket BOOK for 1901 now ready, price is. and is. 6d„ postage 2d.—TEcaslcaL PUBLISHING Co., Limited, 31a, Whitworth-street, Manchester, and all Bonksellers.

"FOLLIES, HOLLIHS, HOLLINS. From 3to 8 feet, I. recently transplanted Guaranteed to lift and be delivered with good balls of earth. Forest trees in variety from 6to 12 feet. recently transplanted. Also a great assort- ment of Ornamental Trees and Shrubs, all guaranteed to be delivered in good condition. Catalogues on application.— Tuomes STEAD AND SON, Holly Nursery. Bold near Widnes

CIARTRIDGES.—WarriIow's Noted Obippenham, for ki I ing, with treble strong powder, superior English wads cases, and chilled shut, any size to order-13i Ow,i. 5s 9d ; blue. 6s ; green. 6s 6d ; long shot reds, 7s 6d ; unequalled, smokeless. reduced recoil light teport, no smoke, but most effective, 7s 6d ; superior, Ss 6d ; best, 93 6d ; special for. p;geon shooting. &c., 103 6d ; these are special prices for cash with order onl7 ; 500 sent carriage paid if cash with order. Shoot the ' Kynock smokeless powder," remaikable for killing and absolute safety ; gun repairs, re-stock, re-bore, choke, and snooting a speciality. Get lull particulars free from WARRILOWS Gus AND CARTRIDGE WORKS, Chippen- Lam, Wilts.

WANTICD, at once,iYoung QSNICRAL,B7,BROAD-SrREET, Pendleton, Manchester. \V ANTED at once GENERAL,aIso Kitchen Maid.—Apply MR, GRIFkITS, Manor Hoase,Hale, near Liverpool.

WANTED Good GENEHAL.-2, BORROWDALE-BOAD, Smithdown-road. Liverpool. NATA.NTED, rebpeetable GIRL ; good worker. with good references.—Wommsx's DINING Room, 23, Waterloo- road, Liverpool.

\A/ ANTE D GitNBRAL able to cool; small family; 1 V private ; age about 20.—Mrs SA.BEaros, 53, Warley- road, Blackpool.

WANTED Experienced (ii&NEttAL; for small ; good plain cook; for December 26th.—Apply Mks 01-faxir.,24, West Thorpe, Bowdon.

WANTED. GENERAL. good; no washing; man for windows.—Apply HESKETH Mquser, Mancnester-road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

‘/ANTED, GENERAL SERVANT at once, for lady and T gentleman ;no washing ; Protest tnt.—Apply, 42, GARDNER-RoAD, Prestwich, mar Blanchester. WANTED Immediately, competent NURSE-HOUSE- MAID ; ano:her Servant kept; wages commence .Cl 6. Comfortable home.—Write Mrs SUTCLIFFF., The Vicarage, StAlybridge.

ATISTRESSES wanting SERVANTS and SERVANTS ..1.. with satisfactory references wanting SITUATIONS appiy Mrs. PIcESTON, Progressive Registry, 14, Bold-place' Liverpool ; or 44, Charles-street, Blackpool. Enclose stamp'

XPERIENOED French TEA.CHIiIt, good connection, _L'A highly recommended, has Vacancies for private pupils, conversation a spechility.—C. S., 40 UPPER PIRLIAMENr- -BTREET, Liverpool.

rpWO New Stylish Governess Cars on Sate of best make at 1. reduced prices to clear for winter at YARR'S Carriage Works, Chapel,treet, Ormskirk.

COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON TO ALL. HENRY WESTON, LIMITED, 33. BRIDGE-STREET, WAR RI NW° N, ARE UNLIKE ANY OTHER HOUSE OF BUSINESS. WHY? BECAUSE THE PROFIT Pur ON THEIR CLOTHING IS SMALLER THAN ANY OTHER SHOPKEEPER IN THE TOWN WOULD BE SATISFIED wira. IF ANY PERSON Doußrs THIS TRUTH LET HIM BUY ANY AR HOLE FROA U 3 qAND THEN COMPARE IT WITH SIMILAR GOODS SOLD BY OrHEft saws. WE ARE MANUFACTURERS OF CLOTHING, THEREFORE GIVING THE PUBLIC GOODS AT FIRST can. SEE OUR CHRISTMAS WINDOW AND NOTE THE ADDRESS.

'I HI M.O.D. SPECIAL LINE IN OVE tCOATS. A GOOD SERVICEABLE OVERCOAT OF RELIABLE MELTON CLOTH WITH VELVEr COLLAR, FOR 16s. YOU CANNOT QET THIS COAT ELSEWHERE, AS IT IS OUR OWN MAKE, AND IS SOLD AT A PRICE WHICH DEFIES COMPETITION SIM TEM MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT'S WINDOV S FOR BARGAINS IN WINTER OVERCOATS, 8. AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS P.R, ESEN'IS USEFUL AND BEAUTIFUL. AND AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. AT TUB PHMEER, COMPLETE FURNISHING SORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD StitEET, LIVERPOOL. YOU CAN ILFFZCT AN IMPORTANT SAVING. AND IN ADDITION ALL PURCHASES OVER 40s. ARE DELIVERED FREE TO ANY RAILWAY STATION IN GREAT BRITAIN, MOST ARTISTIC FURNISHING STORES OUT OF LONDON, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGERS FREI?.

ED WIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL„ PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD ANT) SILVER WATCHES. (EY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRA,- PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT LESS THAN JEWELLERS' • PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advanced on jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &cr.. to any amount at !ow rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. XMAS RICH/41RD JIEFFREYS XMAS PRhbENTS PRESENTS 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framod Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ac. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS for Orygoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MOB, REI INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS ILUID ! NEVER FADE!

TOBACCO, CIGAR. ViuARETTES, SNUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREINT, MA.NCHESTBR. Ustablisbed 6/ Years

g9barts. INVESDIENTS, BONDS, STOCKS, AND SHARES. JAMES P. BATH & ON, • STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, 29, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1875. Telephone 6613.

Alan) tH crn, rtc. IGHT HORSE Power Traction BNGIIIH tor SLR ..12.1 price £lso.—Apply ta S. T. Rosßonum, Bickerstaffe, Ortnekirk•

SALE, DOUBLE CHIP POTATO STOVE; new; will st II cheap ; too small for present owner.—Applv BUTTALL.B. High-street. Golborne.

FOR SALN FuRFEITED PLEDGES. -- HORSE CLIPPING MACHINES FROM IS. PER PAIR. GLAZIER'S DIAMONDS FROM 4s. EACH. AT H MITES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS', CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL MERCHANTS. 116 TO 120, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5,171. CASH LIBERALLY ADVANCED on Jewellery. Dia- monds. And Portable Property. Best price given for old" Gold and Silver Goods.

f AS AND OIL ENGINES.—The Duclbridge, to 100 l.} h.p. Cash or Easy Payments. Dynamos and motors. The Lister, latest and best type. Send for C.stalogue. Repairs of all kinds,—CENTRAL GAS ENGINE COMPANY, 6, Charles-street, Sackville-street, Manchester.

To ENGINEERS, MECHANICS, and DRAUGHTSMEN, &e.—have you got your " Practical Engineer " pocket book for 1901 yet ? If not don't ~delay. Hun dreds were again disappointed last year. Pile Is and Is 6d, postage 2 d.—TECHNICSL PUBLISHING CO. LTD 31, Whitworth-street, Manchester, and all Booksellers. ASPLENDID SELECTION OF MACHINE TOO LS, new and secondhand. Lathes Screw Cutting from bin to 181 n, Centres 51t to 20ft, Gap Beds, Planing Machines to plane from 41t by 2ft square to 12-c by 4ft square. Drilling Radial and Vertical, Slotting, Milling, Profiling and Shaping Machines, Gas and Steam Engines, Boilers, Tanks, Wood- working Machinery, etc.—PARTINGTON, St Simon-street, Blackfriars-road, Salford.

Otero. 2150,000 At from e3trpezeceonstit.toofbt Advanced on to suit b ,rrowers,in any part 7T the coupntry,—J.;'ff. BREnAspuras, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182. £5, £7, £lO, £2o° £3O, £5O, £lOO. ik.DVANCE MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- title Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLig DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL S TATION. M ANA GE R JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Tears.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS £5 TO £l,OOO. TI! E LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., 121, MERSEY sTREET WARRINGTON. TH ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPAI. ED .7 0 advance Loans to respectable householders, shopknepers and others on. reason- able tering. PAYABLE BY WIGRKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTRRLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH, DISTRIOT MANAGIGR. 121, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

PATENT OFFICE. Established 1864. JOHN G. ILSON AND CO. Fels. 1.P.A., and P.A. by Exam. 55, MARKET STRIShT, MANCIIESTER. NNW 1930. HANDBOOK ,iIt&TI.3.

IJATENT OFF ICT* MANCHESTER HaTABLIOECED IN 1835. Mem OEORGELAVII & SON have ha .I moi e tnan years personal experience in connection with this Establish, mcnt, and possess praetina lknowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign ?atent Laws," price is, HEORGE DAVIES, & SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER. AND VALUER. (Mice and Salerooms No. 1, BANK-STREET, W ARRINGTON. Telephone No. b 5. Cash advanced on Uoods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other goods eon- tantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, La., warehoused.

TT u NDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTO FOR GOOD BOOTS,

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, I3UILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSBY-STRERL WARRINGTON. Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

KELLIE'S W ATCHES FACE THE WORLD. UNCHALLENORD AND WITHOUT A RIVAL IN WORKMANSHIP AND TIMRKESPING. ALL HAND MADE. 211 NORTON STREET, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Telephone 6310. N.B.—Mr. JOHN KHLLIB has had over 38 years practical experience in watch manufacturing and has gained tke highest possible honours at the Kew Observatory for compensated and adjusted Watches.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS' S, LON DON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). ALSO AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PROMPT CLEARANCE IMPERATIVE, ---- PITTS'S WOND ERFUL HOUSES OF FURNI- TURN. at 15f, 221 24. 34, 50, 75, 100. 200, up to 1,000 guineas, epecially augmented in QUANTITY and QUALITY of articles for the Sale, represent ths highest standard of excellence procurable. They have obtained the universal ap- proval of critical connoisseurs. They easilLexcel others. Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, post free. Cash prices only quoted; cl.ferred paym eras arranged, suiting convenience. PITTS'S STOCRTAKIN SALE—DINING ROOM SUITES (3econd-hand).—Serviceable Suite, in leather, substantial heavy chairs, cost £l3, for £5; another Suite, similar £5 108. worth double ; exsellent Suite, in Smyrna saddle bags, Oriental blended colours, massive heavy frames, cost £l5, for £6 108 ; substantial solid oak Suite. luxuribusly re-upholstered in best skins, padded backs, small chairs, honest quanta , design. and workmanship. cost £25 for £l3; magnificent -solid walnut Seite, in rich Oriental saddlebags. with velvet borders, divan couch, and elegant easy and small chairs cost £3O for £l3 ; massive spoon back Suite, very fine heavy frames in real skins, cost £35, for £l5 , grand solid oak Suite, irames exceptionally heavy and elaborately carved very uncommon design. cost £4O. for £l7 ; another similar, in walnut, 21e. Two hundred to select from. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—DINING- TABLES (Second-hand). Splendid solid oak Table. extending frame. beautifully figured wood, heavy massive legs. Bit, cost £lO. for £5 10a ; another 121 t. cost en. for £9 ; substantial dining-table, with pine top and and extend- ing screw, cost £2, f.a. 255; innumerable Tables, all sizes and designs, in oak, mahogany, and walnut, at exceptionally low prices. pITTE'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—SIDEBOARDS (Secand-hand).—Handy Sideboard, in walnut, latest design, fitted with drawers, cupboards, Se., cost £7. for £3 55 ; substantial solid oak Sidebaar massive and bold, cost £lO, for £5; very special solid oak Sidehoard,splendid design and workmanship, cost £l2, for £7; marvellous Sideboard. very imposing design. cost £2J, for £9; grand walnut Side- board, Lost £24, for £i2. Scores to select from, astonishing value, up to £6O each. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE. —DRAWING- ROOSI SUITES (Second-hand) —Nice Suites, covered In serviceable tapestry, equal to new, cost £l3, for £4 lOs ; another, in frieze plush, £5; excellent Suite in stamped velvet, cost £lO, tor £5 5s ; choice Suite, beautifully re- upholstered, in fin 4 Genoa velvet, cost "213, for £7 105 ; artistic Chippendale suite, Oriental covering. cost £l2, for £6 lths ; inlaid mahogany Suite, covered in silk, cost £l6, for £9; Chippendale Suite, expensive choice silk covering, cost £2O, for £lO 105 ; exquisite inlaid rosewood Suite, of choice character' latest design, beautifully covered in silk tapestry. cost £25, for £l4; elegant Louis XV• Suite in dark Chippen- dale mahogany, beautifully ci,vered, coat £35, for £l9. Over a hundred Suites to select from, at all prices up to £4O each. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—DRAWING- ROOM CABINETS (Second-hand)—Solid Walnut Cabi- net with carved panels and bevelled plates,cost £5 10s, for£3 nicely figured Walnut, Cabinet, with marble slab and plate- glass back. cost £7 for £4 • elegant Chippendale Cabinet. cost £l5 tor £7 10s ; splendid inlaid rosewood French Cabi- net, beautiful design, cost £2O tor £8 15a; exquisite inlaid rosewood Cabinet, exceptionally choice design; would grace any drawing-room, coat £3O for £l5. Scores or others to select from up to £6O each. DINTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—BEDROOM FUR &ITIU (Sec and-hand).--Handsome pair of stands, dressing chest has bevelled swing glass, washstand with marble slab, pedestal and rail attached and two chairs, cost £6 for £3 15; convenient Suite, containing all requisite- articles, very nice design, cost £lO for £7 ; handsome Bed room Suite, in rich black walnut, hand carved throughout, full-sized wardrobe, largo bevelled plate,large stand and table pedestal, rail end chairs, cost £l6 for £9 ; elegant Bedrooms suite. landscape pattern, carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £lB for £lO ; tasteful So te, in walnut, finely-designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors, everything complete, large sized stands and tables, pedestal, rail, chairs, cost £3O, for £l5 ; magnificeat suite of full numbers of articles, all large of best workmanship and design, cost £4O, for 18 ; another similar, cost, £5O, for £:4- t nuudred others up to £93 each Must be promptly cleared out. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS and BEDDlNG.—Largest and beat selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance tor cheap lines. Do not miss them. IJITTS'S CARPETS and FLOOR COVERINGS.— ..L. Grand Display. All British makes, choicest designs, many or which exclusively exquisiiely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge. DINTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BAsSINETTES, MAIL CARTS,LAMPS,RHINA, GLASS, EARTHENWARE, Magnificent Selection. Astounding Value. Well worth inspection. SAMUEL PIT FS, MANCHESTER, LONDON-ROAD (Ardwick and Longsight Cars) ; GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1,12

THE SAFEST I‘IIEDICINE FOR 'BILIOUS AND LIvER COMPLAINTS. INDIGESTION. WIND. SPASMS, FOUL BREATH. NERVOUS DEPRESSION, LOSS OF APPETITE, IRRITABILITY, L A.SSIT UDE, DYSPEPSIA. HEART- :BURN, LOWNESS OF pIRD 8, GIDDINESS, &C. AS A GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE UNEQUALLED. being composed of the Finest Drugs that can be obtained, are as mild and tonic in their action as they are certain in their curative effects. They give an healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion, and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine Instead.but inch t uponthaving the right thing,which is wrapped In a square green package. By Post for 14 or 34 stan2pa.

USEFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, FREEBORN'S CORAZZA SHIRTS, UNEQUALLED FOR FITTING; ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS WORN, FINE LINEN FRONTS, BANDS AND WRISTS, AND THE NEEDLE- WORK IS OF THE HIGHEST CLASS. FREEBORN'S UMBRELLAS, 3s. 6d., is. 6d., 10s. 6d., 15s 6d. FREEBORN'S WATER -REPELLENT OVERCOATS, 255., 355., 455. FREEBORN'S MACINTOSH COATS. 15s. 6d., 275. 61., 425. H. R. FREEBORN, 11, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

THE MOST U3EFUL PRESENT FOR CHRISTARS on NEW YEAR rs A RAINPROOF COAT, AS SUPPLIED BY C. JACKSON HOLMES, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

THE EXAMINER. DECEMBER 21sT 1900.

TOWLE'S OLILORODYNE Renowned for oouG as, rOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Consumption. r ii HLORDYNE 0 WLE S UO BdONOHITIS. Asthinft. INFLUBNZA, TOWLE'S C FILO RODYN E Splsm, DIA.RRHCEt. s TOWL dose for 23. E'S CaLORODYNE ASK FOR TlWrill'S ; TAKR NO OTHBR.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. LEECH BROS. & CO., IRONMONGERS, &c., 20, & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER. After over 30 YEARS' trading, are now SELLING OFF. GENUINE CASH BARGAINS. LONG DISCOUNTS. Clocks and Bronzes.. Gas Fittings . Marble Mantsipieces Grates, Ranges, Tiled Hearths lO Furnishing Ironmongery CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. CUTLERY, PLATE. TONGS, COA.LBOXES. ART METAL WORK, &c., Ac. GREAT BARGAINS. HIGH DISCOUNTS. LEECH BROS. & CO., 20. & 22, OLD MILLGATE, MANCHESTER.

Yowl 0I41) SPOONS, FUttliS, Uttll.6 S VIA AND °MICR BRTS Re-plated with pre Silver. and a written guarantee to Wear for TIM YBABIi first-class quality. J. AND F. BROWN, BLBCTRO. BILVBR, NICKBL AND GOLD PLATBR 12 MOUNT-PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL, J'BwilLS, BROOCHES, LOCKEITS, ac.. 118-GILT, from 6d.

XMAS 1900. BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS. DON'E FAIL TO SEE OCR WINDOW DISPLAY. ALL ARTICLES PRICED IN :PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVILLED VARIRTY. LOWEST PMSIBLE PRICES. FOR CASH. j. S. GARLAND. FURNISHING IRONMONGER, 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FURS. FOR CIIRNTNIAS PRESENTS, FURS. SEASONABLE, ACCEPTABLE, USEFUL. / 3 WILLIAM kjREARER AND CO., FURRIERS. Have Specially Manufactured for their Annual Display, An Elaborate and Unprecedented Collection of SMART FU Et GARNIENTS. • CONSISTING. OF FASHIONABLE COATS, COATEES, CAPES, WRAPi, RUGS, GLOVES. FUR NECKLETS. MUFFS, AND S11:5 OF FUR, &a., &c. 5,000, CHOICE ARTICLES FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS. 5.000. At Prices from 10s. to 900 Guinev., FURS ARIR THE MOST USEFUL OF ALL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. MANUFACTORIES AND SHOWROOMS. 56 BOLD-"STREEP, LIVERPOOL.

Mary More Mithers would hake at home did they know the ease with which success is achieved by using Prown & Poison's Paisley Flour. The disappointment of former had results causes many to forego the enjoyment of home- nrde bread and pastry. With Paisley Flourall this is changed. Mix i part with 6 to 8 parts ordinary flour, make into a dough with milk and bake at once, and you Nvill have an evenly-raised and pleasantly- flavoured • loaf or scone. Beginners get good results, the experienced are delighted. Brown 9 • POISOri S Paisley Flour Makes successful bags.

~.S. IliN -- .....;. l'.-.LORD,-StiaVERPOOL;..!-;. ... -,,,.,..,../.1:-..-- '- ' ~ •c\v,_,-...,-_,.. _,--,,,, VATALOC:r3E- IF.KtAr The Rugby King Ball, Pick-me-up King Ball, 1 9s. 6d. 105. 6d. Three quarter ... 7s. 6d. F.H.S. Rugby Match ss. Rugby Jerseys, Boys' Bs. 34., Men's lls. to 605. Oman. The Featherweignt Boot 75. 11d. 10s. 64. BOOTS. Scott League S ugg cess 75. 1)d. Klynker Marvel KNIOKERS,Navy or White,le. 64. ls. 11d. 2s 64 35 6,1, SHIN-GUARDS, lop., is. 64., is, 11d., 23.64. nlf 'll,lll /;;-`7 \N •-irl'`( , /; 14,_„ I :ki i c•• \'s (i t! /6 ;( \ 4- e 0 ' A • 'i .'I" I, I 1 \Ct'------ ... ' 1 ' i I , .; . \ _ -

POSTAI I N FORRA.T lON POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON': LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPA.TCHES. Showing the tirn.l to which a Lett-L- eln be non ed with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 5 0 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 5-45 a.m.—Wigan 6-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh Preston Brook. Frodsham, Helsby. Daresbury,and Moore a.m. —Ly rn n, Thelwall, Ne wchurch a.m. —Bew.ey, Grappenhall. Heatlov Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, btretton, Warburton. and Wools- to 10 0 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Mannhester. Bolton. Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and SE. Lancashire. 9.30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 10,0 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, axd the Isle Ma a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan. cotland, Liverpool, Prescot. Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. Runcorn, and Yorkshire 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbnr North Wales, London and South 40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southaort. Orrnqicirk, B ath. Borist Exeter Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Mancheste S-East Lancashire, and Scotland -0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wzgau Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.--Liverpool Southport, Birkenhead, Northwich Nantwich and Sanclbaoh 2.45 p.m.—Frodsharn, Frodsharn Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Nevrchurch. Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3-3 p m —Town Delivery,Sankey Bridge. Latchford, Padgate and Bewsey 3.15 p,m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester. Peterborough. East Lincolnshire Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown and the U.S. America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland, Liverpool, Birkenhead Orrnsierk. Isle of Man. and Scotland 10-30 p.m.—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London. Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 i 2 noon, 3-45 p m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursthys when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE High-it,, Newton POSTMASTER Mr.jarnes Jordan Hoirs of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Attendance. 1 Sundays 7 to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-4) p.m. The TeleeTaph Office is open on Week-days from 7-30 a.m. to 8 ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m, 12-30,and 3.30 p. in • LIST OF DESPATCHES ,ime to which a letter can he posted with ordin Lge, and with an extra halfpenny stamp Extra id. Stamp

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorney Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-unelertLyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool. North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield:Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport And all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—Genera N;ght Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SITB-OFFICES, AND W *IX BEas ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS: • RECEIVING HOUSE— WEEK-DAYS. Earle stown. and 8 p.m.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. _- FIXTURES AND SCORES. 1900 Pte. Sept. For Agst 1 Widnes away 6 3 8 Salford home;lo 15 St. Helens ..home 0 0 22 Stockport away 3 8 29 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 Oct. 6 Swinton home 0 3 13 Wigan away 16 2 20 (aanc. v Cumber. away 21 2 20 Altrincham home 22 6 27 Runcorn away 8 10 Nov. 3 Lane. v York ....a. es. home 24 5 3 Widnes(S.W.L.&B.T. Cup Comp)horne 21 7 IC Rochdale Hornets home 21 0 17 Barrow away 5 14 24 St. Helens away 7 0 Dec. 1 Widnes home 10 7 8 Lane. v Cheshire away 30 0 ' 8 Altrincham 15 Salford away 22 Oldham home 25 Xmas Day 26 Runcorn home 29 Rochdale Hornets away Jan. 1 6 Swinton .away 12 Wigan home 19 Millom away 26 Barrow home Feb. 2 Oldham Ici Leigh 5 Broughton Rangers home £3 Stockport home Mar. Cup Tie 9 Cup Tie 16 23 Cap Tie 3) Cup Tie • Apt. 5 Good Friday 6 Miliom home 8 B M Leigh home 13 Semi-Final 20 Champions v. Rest 27 Final

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey orwhite or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER. for it will positively resto..e. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 35 6d per bottle. Adot• CLARKE'S P di PILLS are warranted to cure., in elte sex, all acquiree or constitutional Discharges from th Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury Estatlisho4 upwa.r is of 3) years. In boxes 4s. 61 ach, of all Chemists and Pitent Me Ilene Vendors s tit ()ugh nt the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The inColn and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln. Advt. FLORILINE !—FOlt THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thorouzhly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, preyi., ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breatb. Price ?.s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. Ade

A GOOD FAMILY IigIEPICINE, CHESTS 7 rH a prudent use, has saved many a lite , and yet we think the idca might be VUnproved •upon and reduced to a more simpie Take some good Compound such at COCKL:6'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, 2,e. and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. -c‘td, FREE FROM MERCURY ANTIBILIO • u.-,, OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. piLLi For BILE LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

AN ASSISTANT'S CLAIM. I FOR THE BLOOD S THE LIFE Judgment Against a Warrington CLARKE'S Auctioneer. " Toothache Cured in an !Instant." WORLD-FAMED Before his. Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, at the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, last week Ada Harvey,Navigatioc-street,claimed the sum of £1 2s wages BLOOD MIXTURE which she alleged were due to her from William Hickman auctioneer, carrying on business in Lyme-street.—There THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. was a counter claim against the plaintiff for £1 ss. Od. Mr A. Browne appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, and "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have defendant was represented by Mr Forshaw. received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture In his opening statement Mr. Browne informed his It cannot be too highly estimated. for it cleanses and clears Honour that the plaintiff was a single woman and she the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial was engaged by the defendant last September as an from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is assistant in his shop at the wages of 7s per week. When the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it she was engaged Mr Hickman said the last assistant he had, left without giving notice, and plaintiff agreed to o our subscribers and the public generally." give a week's notice before leaving. Defendant also Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impdritles, from promised to give her an increase in wages. On the 9th whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and 10:h of November plaintiff was very ill with and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects neuralgia in the shop. She went home on the Saturday are marvillous. It is the only real specific for Gout and night and on the following day was very bad. She was Itheuma tic Pains. for It removes the cause of trres thes 1)197.d and unable to sleep during the night. On Monday the ill- tineesa.ehTohr aslimcdhsemofisTtesstLmenotniaolrs f Testimonials. stamp's by and - nese continued and plaintiff asked her mother to go to prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG Mr. Hickman and tell him she could not go to COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of worthless imtations. work that day. The mother did not go to Mr Hickman's until 5.30. Defendant's son asked her if she had not received a letter which he sent, and she replied that she had not. It appeared that the letter came during her absence asking plaintiff to consider her engagement at an end. It made it very awkward for him for plaintiff to stop away without giving him notice. Plaintiff went to work on Tuesday morning and spoke to Mr Hickman about re-engaging her. He said he would consult his son and told her she had better go home and stay there until she had eot the neuralgia out of her system. Sub- sequently he wrote a letter stating.that his deciaion was final and he could not re-engage her. Defendant claimed for two weeks wages at 94 per week. Defendant had also deducted 4s from her wages for three bank holidays and she also sued for that amount. Plaintiff was called and gave evidence bearing out the above statement. Cress-examined by Mr Forshaw, she admitted that she went to the Cemetery on Sunday afternoon. She had not received previous complaints from defendant about her conduct. Mrs Harvey, the plaintiff's mother,said that on Fri Alee and Saturday nights her daughter waOldistracted with neuralgia. On Sunday morning she was very ill but in the afternoon she felt a little better and went to the Cemetery. On Monday she was unable to go to work and witness saw Mr Hickman at 5.30 p.m. For the defence, William Hickman, the defendant was called and stated that the plaintiff had been in his ser- vice for 13 months. It was her duty to be at the shop by 8.30 in the morning and remain there until 8 in the evening, meal times being allowed. She had neglected her duties several times and he had complained to her about it and also about coming late in the morn- ing. On one occasion be went to the shop at 915 and she had not arrived then. In answer to his Honour witness admitted that he raised the plaintiff's wages three weeks ago. The neglig- ence which he complained about occurred before he gave her the advance. Continuing he said that the girl told him she had toothache and he said he could give her a remedy that would cure toothache in an instant. His Honour: If you could do that you could make a fortune in a fortnight. (Laughter.) That is what we have been wanting for 2,000 years. (Laughter.) Continuing wiSness said that in consequence of plain- tiff not going to work on Monday morning he was un• I able to conduct a sale which had been arranged, as he had to remain en the shop. He had to see several persons and during his absence the shop had to be closed. Be estimated a loss of £l. on the sale and Es on havi ngtto close the shop. When the plaintiff came on Tuesday she seemed to be better and witness questioned whether be had been ill. He could scarcely believe what she aid. His Honour: So far as I have heard I believe every- thing she has said. Frank Hickman, the defendant's son corroborated. Mr Forshaw submitted that the plaintiff had been ne- glectful in her duties. It seemed to him that it was strange the girl should be out on Sunday afternoon if she was sufferieg from toothache. He contended that it was certainly her duty, if she was ill, to have let Mr Hickman know at the earliest possible moment, She had not worked one of the weeks they were claiming for and further she had frequently been absent from her business, and had been warned and cautioned. He sub- mitted that the defendent was doing perfectly right in dismiesing her. At the most she was only entitled to one week's wages. His Honour : I have every admiration for a good man struggling with adversity as you are hare. Con- tinuing he said the affected disbelief by the defendant did him very little credit. The suggestion as to her commencing work late in the morning was entirely dis- posed of by him raising her wages within three weeks of the event. It was impossible for him to suppose that they could not go on with the sale owing to her absence. He dismissed the counter claim and gave judgment for the plaintiff with full costa.

Aillb• eilludia.ada•“lllll...d..adlllualt- reUilit:EßTlNASt test .una, 'mesh, and most reliable made by the, ORIGINAL INVENTORS and PATENTEES, WHEATSTONE & Co., LON DON,W.) To BE RAD FROM ALL DEALErts. liiTheatstone's are also the largest publishers of Concertina ) Music in the World. New 36-page Catalogue post free for two stamps irom 20, Conduit Strz,t;,4:g::,4x:.._,

184.kiY ' -0) =.---- 441 I j 'OM Nbi -I 757 TRADE MARK -- it,

. . I ~.., , sena insecS' y.,-,7.',.•., ~... ofjcis appowt- \ . ''..- . , I .. ... e v Y ill -,' i*--.--- ------------.3.5 EARS ..:4 '-: 7: :Ft .e:V.Ehel "E:4I:A6PCY. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY- LOOSENS PHLEGM. •:* ALLAYS COyGII.-k, - •:• GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF ••••!. • ' _ ---

LINUM CATHARTICUM-PILLS.-A • FOR INDIGESTION & ITS 'EVILS., SICA+IEADACHE • BILIOUS DERANGEMENT., BC, AN AGREEABLE APERIENT.

KAYS TIC PILLS' •:. -:.****4- .9 CURE FACEACHE & NEURALGIA.'

0 . REFUSE 5U857777./TES. . SOLD EYALL CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT SRI TAI M 6 THE C

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Supplp to • Countrp mansions, hotels, and Public Buildings, (sc. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, w.e. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

DTs a wonderful waterproofer of ales, ,3eOnsoTaSnd &preHseArvßeMS.lea'ttoefr- Pleasant odour, allows polish. ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 SXIIIBITION IlliallßST Dubbin AWARDS.„ Tins 2d.. 6d., II- 610 216 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironmonceors &c. Manufactory —Dulwich, London.

HAVE YOU A e BAD LEG w"..gurrowno nuge4dswridath. aartron:nrdostwhoereniset,hatpezhnettg you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression I, If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases von. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have ottended various hospitals and had medical advice, an been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-STREET. LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSUOPPER OINTMENT AND PILL); which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs 'House maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols 3 ael Hand Bunions. Registered Copyright.)

h :.,„ ~..,d 1„ A -z., ' ..)., , ..tr l', ' • 4 .si ' tti .•! 00, k .-‘ r t, -,,,, ~.:*1 w 4, k 'il, ki A.'•'' ' - . ‘2O ~ , ; CURES BRONCHITIZ, ASTHMA, 1117LUENZA, Colighs, Golds; Sore Tht, Quinsy, . CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY. ege. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff Joints, Spionalais, ISTazer.A.s, Scaulas, amid EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. itsnufaetured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all ChemiAs and Medicine Vendor&

, yfl u „:,0,,A i,,,,.. ~ IT WILL ~ ~,,,, , TO SEND L !tkrl ~,,,„ it. ~.),. - v.- ~...., --=.m. v °,; NIOIZ YOU' . 0-. ' I'4'6 ...1.7. ';' • - edit- VI% 4,',",- '---'%-. t ~,ii; .".... -4.;0`. •;,,Nf. 1, 4.4 • .:1-' Write to=day for a copy of the Illustrated Catalogue of ‘`," i• 1

Which will be sent post free to any address on receipt of a card. Brimful .of Presents for Old and Young. Everything required for Gifts .or Amusements is contained therein, at a saving of 40 per cent. over most houses. . We have bought the chief cases of Toys and Scientific Novelties from the PARIS ExHiar:,; lON and arc offering them until Xmas at a Great Reduction. LONDON BROUGHT TO to, pAßis} YOUR DOOR By a Post Card. N.B.—A SPECIAL LINE of GRAMOPHONES and PHONOGRAPHS.

Those who cannot take ordinary Coffee can drink SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Essence with comfort and pleasure. In bottles from all Grocers. 79

DR. DE. ROOS' COMPOUND RENAL PILLS re justly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, "WALTER DE .ROOS, LONDON," thereon by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. I,ld. and Es. 9.1. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprie tors Holford House, Holford-souare, London. W.O.

- THEMANT OF THE DAY. MAKES STARCHED LINEN .LIKE NEW. .. ~0, -.,..,, , -4 THE GREATEST . . I.TCH s. - C I*-- BOON ;ever of- :11;1, 5.'''..,.. fered to the Laundress . ~.. „-t, ~..,1%, for imparting an Ivory finish t o Starched ' '..1... 'lp • -1,.."-,,,.. ~,,' - Linen. Laces, etc. It :.12"1,. -' .c• e does not stlek to spider- '. ' , ' web - like materials. i' ';', s• L',' ft . * 4 t', '-..t , Once tried always sS & ; , • 'V, ' . k; t, , ! wanted. Used in the au. tk -IL -...- . ,k, - •-' - • - Royal Laundries, Should be used in e very lame. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at 31., and 6d. Prepared only T. CE/TCHLILY, BlaeYburn. . ---- - - - Made in Switzerland. No pins at projections to time sheets. Sweetest 1.17M77-1,1 I n tone and best in quality. A speci- .' ,'-'' ality. British made cases. L 4 T.1.,..ta\--' 4,1 - •Ni . --- 11 ,Yq."A STELLA' MUSICAL BOX .0 ._,....1,...--- .. L. sellers. • , . To be had of jewellers and music- ,•,_ .",,n, sellers. Sole wholesale agent for ''', Great Britain, Alfred Geater, 105 St. John Street Road, E.C., late A. Pail- - ---- •: lard, 28 Berner Street, London, W. 1---- .0,-7. '.'". •

rratya o VTIS re N ns ere tr sts-trins * othing steadies the nerves and clears the brain likp a strong cup of SYMINGTON'S Edinburgh Coffee Ess,nce, In .. bottles from all Grocers. 82 C.Q.Z.2..SULCULUL.S2 9 Q 9 Q 9. 9 Q' Q 9_32ASUI 0

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK , .. Boys and Girls can get a NICKEL- PLATED WATCH, also a CHAIN and ..1., CHARM for selling If dozen packages a \i„....- .. RiLIIUIN E a t Flinrceganicne each. me ,17ncdo ziot7, k , by return ;aditrietnia we will Forward the Bluine. post paid, and a large ppllllllM lid. No money_ „. eq ired. BEMIRE Co. (Department Fll r 2'141, Gipsy Road, West 14 orsarood. London, S.E. ......,....,•••••••••=fta••••••=•••••••••••• ,fr i-• FREE SAMPLE asE , awrAutusc LOATor MANHU • "." EREAD, PACK rrs or MANIiU ..;-,>-'-‘i• t 2,.. WHEAT. BARLEY , ---: "d up ;* , RICE. TAPIOCA,fr ."''' L..,:".• POSTA.IE .„";.-4'-• ' -Am 7 7 •--•- - k ..:401 $ (44,,,..„,, IRE, 0 ~, : ......T ' # 0r,,,r-ii," • au, ,-,..1-,Liff. •', , , 6A we r i '' c- v. Alf iflif, roc' LT. t...__ de dr „a VAUXHALL MT • ~. ..4, A 1 . • 'LIVERPOOL ' _

F Fr RST-CLASS PRIVAT DENTISTRY. f-ir &MEL Appointments unnecessary.',but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations re . TEETH. Each patient informed h-forehand the cost work required, TEETH. Gold and other fillings at nu:Aerate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P -.oleos FxotfilltDrnonase lair. by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists o 1.;00 gallons w Exors. of ate J. H. PARKINSON ( DENTIST BY Exam NIANCHESTER.....--......-46, MOSLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660). ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 am, to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EA R IiEST WN....- B 111DGE-STRE ET TUESDAY. 2 p.m. WA RRINGTON ....U., SANKEY-STREET WEDNE:SD Y, 2 to 5. RUNCO/N ..... BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH....... 18. APPLMMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. WARDURTON—HAxcocx. December 11th, at St. Peter's. Everton, Liverpool by Rev. J. W. H. Copner, Vicar, Johns youngest son of the la'.e William Warburton of Dallarn "TM near Warrington, to Rose Emma, widow of the late Peter Hancock. Gas Engineer, Middidwich. and fifth daughter of the late Edward Clarke Sandbach Cheshire. At home. 89. Kingsley-road, in January, of which due notice to friends will be intimated, BRANDRICK—WHALLEY—Deoember 9t12. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. P. White. Thomas Brandrick to Lavinia Whalley. DEAVIS. ---- KNnWLEß—T?ecember sth, at Orford-lane, Warrington, William Knowles, ace SL 7rears- WOOD—December 7th, at Winwick-road, Warrington James Wood, aged 41 yearo RowsoN—Df comber 17th. at the r.sidence of Rev. C. Middle.. ton (son-in-law), Liverpool-road, Birkdale. Sophia Aston. of 30, Talbot-street, Southp.)-t ilow cf the late James Allen liow.on. O G rappenh 111 and Warrington, iu her 691 b year.

lARS' GREEN, Warrington Opi. -mite Arpley Station, Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late Bssenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND Co, MONUSIENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE NIASONq, &C„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Piece 3, Monuments, Tombs Tablets. Pulpits, Fonts Headstones in GrAmite. Marble, and Stone. De.nwns cmd Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CT.SANING EXISTING MONUMENTh A SPECIALITY.
