===== 0002601_18970514_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
791P".1111.1...."•14.11”

UNDER THE CLOHI.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BlII)(F TIICT. WARRINOTON

dOOD Boars.

No. 944.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
111111 M Zbr L.-- (-4 (44 &II

OKI PENN Y.

PRIDSY,

:ILY 14, 1897.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
hitt

Zbutation.

. 6. 6d. per AMU. ity Pon 11"ka" TrpreQwwer

ROCHEM HERBAL EMBROCATION.

R. CLAMP & SOh, MANUFACTURE OP TRAVELLING REQUISITES. o ArRITOER 800 (Cow Ifide) Ern. PE. LAMM DRINA BASENTA Prom 244. WATERPROOF HOLD.ALL Fran 90. OA 39, AND 41, DALE STREET. 12, LORD STRRET, AND 8, PARKER STREET . LIVERPOOL

GUINN EBB'S DUBLIN TOUT. BAStil MILD &No BITTIR ALEC lILLSOPPR MILD ov, BITTBR ALWI. WHILITLEY's HOP BITTRRIL WIABATLNYR GINGRR BURR. To be hod In CASK or BOWL'S How Bo CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD. WARRINGTON. A. Solo Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM BR MR. WARDLWA HOSIMOIIND 11111

PKT' lit COITON. ROPN AND rwien MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Comm, 8.31. corners, Netting Corled.lnalr. 011 NM.... £O. Ao.

TINTS mot MARQURRS for Sale or litre. SPORTS. Imam /a lifted complete. 6, C111,6T6613-YA HS, WINWICK 8666166, •

kitRI.NOTON.

Ti. MANCHESTER TAILORIND AND CLOTrIING DEPOT, 8 & 10, 1101188MAKKE1-BTEKET,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

HIGH CLASS TAILORS AND BOYS' CLOTHIERS.

Manufacture all Ciothius In their an Workrooms and Supply dint to the /NAZI° at Pint Cost.

The M.C.D. JIIVFNILE I )t.PARTMENT

II one of the Most Complete 01 10. Rind. BOYS' SUIT, Wear Guaranteed, from as. lid. YOUTHIe. SUIT de. do. Sr. 64. MESS' SUIT do. do. IS,. 64, Perfect St.od Reedy for Immediate Wear.

2 'reaTa McDOUGALL'S PLUM SELF-RAISING FLOUR THE EXAMINE

t' CEA i." 1111 AT.

- The list of gentlemen who thin week will be called to the fisr at the four inns el Curt is smaller than usual, numbering only forty.eeren. The sone of lawyers are ili a min girt, one only the eon of a judge (the late Sir John Come, Chief Justice ot 'lronidsfit, one only the eon of a "silk" (K. Horton smith. Q c.), and one ol a tiotiCitor. The High Bailiff tel -inn, owerk, Sir D. Radcliff, the Marquis of lithfl Mot a A Titer to On Signet in E.linhurgh, and Mr. IfOyty Carte eupply oho son esell, while the Kral horn of ethern are mixt,: as to professions. Lin- icoin's lice arid Gray's Inn call ale each, white the Inner Temple tops the lie with twenty-four, end the Middle Templars nowise' eleven.

The question in asked, flow will the Vfocialists celebrate the Jubilee P Several propomala ore, I hear, on foot, the ono object of which is to induce all Socishtte to quit the ettpttol on the great day and to unite in a demons, much at tome accossible provin.tial centre. lii- still that tt wouhi be put- tible, a gencral holitloi having been decreed, to or- ganise the moat remorkohlo Socialeg deinonstratiOn of the (lawn', reign. Th., lestiele are in favour of tto proposal, and crop- art. tieing taken to dindover how the rook and file rigard it.

I hear that the rEe.l.l,lce of the low Church Associations threaten to undertake the task of "en- lightening Church worde upon the character and mission of the Russian Church," in view of" the flirtation "now proceeding between the Archbishop of T-irit and vole emitieni Russian bishops The pre•ent to the Atchlawloip of • 'St of 'Nolan epie- copal vestments ha, sroused rwentment, and the acceptance of the gift la hell to constitute "an affront to the simplicity of Protestantism.

Considering the pop—u-1•17”—y of the fox teener, there it room, perbsp, , fur 'fowler that this favour- ! ire breed was represented at the London Fox Terrier Show in the Aq1141.4110 on Tuesday by only 156 animals, of which 66 were wire-haired. Among the last were (our dogs sent front the (lumber Kennels hy the Duchess of Newcastle. Lori Cottenham want only two, Cherry wood and Clove--a very attractive brace, the latter having a remarkable clerk face, with a thin white line in rt.e centre of i he forehead. Among the eutooth•haired champion. Mr Vicaryht Value, Carrie off aye a-, otters being awarded to Mr Tinne's Stroke. fl r. V:cary's ViAtO, Sir. Whippe's Douglas Rotel, rid Mr. M'Creger's May- fair Mr. Francis Itedin .n I officiated as judge in all classes. Although certain experts detect signs of deterioration in the fr, terrier and fear that it may become no more tea, tr more pid, it must be stated that the present ex eleitiou is sufficiently in- teresting.

Sold no has a more pemi ml address delivered in a mere imprsative mon y been heard Irons the chair of the Congregatiotoil Union than that of Dr. Berry at the City Nonni., on Tuesday morning. If the crowded congt.gvi n did not cheer so loudly or on fr.g.ntly a On vitm, pset occasions, it Wes because rho chairmen &sit with leas exciting topic than usual, and It because of the evident desire not to loom a vr• r, his masterly definition of " congregational chive .ntanship." There veto, how- evsy great pplaema wbot repudiated in vigorous language the claim ti, the Funder of Christians v or His apostles, net up one fold or inetitution, vieible and invisible, within which Cone are the richao of greets and the s iusdem of true succour', Again at a latter stege, end amid goners! cheering he said '• ths present livid. d end in,poveriehed cons I ditinn of Christedom is duo, not to the existence of : warp,uv chuntes, hut the proud eiclusivene.' w, sob desiroya (eternity." As to the future of Congregationalitim, be took on the whole a very hop-fill view. though he pointed net many cause. of we keen' and dederea emphatically that its loos are they of its own household.

Madame Patti hae so r—srely disappointed the London public that her non.appearanee at the. , Albert Hall no Tuesday afternoon came quite am • stattlihg ...Trifle, the more so becalms. her Mile- position wationly made known In ,olle or two be- fore the concert—,oo Into US present eeveral thee. •anti pectin' from taking the j urney to Knuth Kensington Under the cimunistancea Mr Percy Merriam, did his beat. lie ',scored the servicee of Madame Allmni at a few minutes' notice,then went on the platform and expleinerl the eituation to the amembleol atioienee, and ffere,l to return their money to all who wished to hare it hack. It Wan enderstood that the diva was suffering from swollen eye caused by a particle of coal dust which lodged on the eye-ball during her journey from Craig -y-Nos on Monday. In her absence the con- cell 'rent off fairly well,and between them Madame Alliani and Mr. Edward Lloyd helped in a great measure to atone for the disappointment.

The dirofill h celamity in Paris • has thrown the London Fire Brigade into a condition of un- wonted act len...And ire chief has set about making provision against the possibility others ccurring during the Jubilee sealion on a scale beyond the n.ual average of the metropolis. Special danger is believed to lie in the fact that many of the floors which have been hired by night eeeee sec over Ahem and that they have been to no small an extent used as rore-roomn of i oflammabh- material. The match of a melee, smoker or the ash of a cigar or pipe wl,l thus set a whole eatablishmstit in a bless. and produce a catastrophe which it would be difficult for the Firs Brigade to cope with in a &near- thronsel locality on the line of route. From en h establishments means of escape from the tipper stories ere practically nonexistent. Next to this d there in the danger from th• display of illu- minations at night,which will be on a much more extensive scale then probably ever before.

It is quite poseible that If the holier + of " Char- tereds" had been present at tllk preceedings on the South Africa Committee on Tuesday afternoon they would not have bees particularly entranced by the twineso capacity dittplayed by that ornament of their directoree,the Duke of Abetcern The gene- ral idea conveyed of the London board WU that It wan practically a cipher.vrtmee Role function was to uphold Mr. Cecil Rhodes's demno and to accept ungneetionably such arts nib. chose to communi- cate to it. The only break in the monotonous prone., of getting hie grace to understand the queetions aubmitted to him occurred when Mr. Laciouchere claimed to be told how he became potriessed of a certain number of shank The Committee, after deliberation on the admiesibilitv of this question, compromii.ed by adopting the milder form of cak- ing whether, during the last nix months of IP9Athe duke bought or sold any. The answer was that be did not.

, An appeal has been drawn on end is about to I* issued in behalf of lint Delia Parnell, the mother of the late Mr. Panell,and certain members of the family, who are stated to be in extreme distress. The C.R.C. of their povert• are declared "to be a coneiderabte debt, incurred for political purposee, being PllOl6l expended in the development of the MOntry. particularly in their native county of Wiehbw. partly with the object of giving employ- ment to the people." and • the reduction of rent. COMP quent en the operation of the tend Acre.' The appeal. which is addremed to the DIA people, is signed be the Lord Mayor of Dublin. Alderman Meade, Mr. John Redmond, M.P., Mr. T. Harrington, M.P., and Alderman Roche.

There in deepeir in Whitehell. The Wl:nation Department ere little proepect of being able to get the Volsintary Schools Act in operation during the Iprthent financial year. Sheer lack of time will in all probability make impracticable the diet ribution of the 2600,000 ecconling to plane prepared by seenciatione of echoole. Three athocietione ere be- ing formed, but cannot he formed tinickly, and the Depe,tment will apparently have either to lone the money altogether or to allot it on a Avietibilling grant ell round, irrespective of the afteociationn The nut alternative cannot be contemplated; the second would reduce the principal dim of the Act too nullity and render the Government ridiruloth.

der Feet,

Condi'sFluid

Ten Tired Feet, Hared 4.174 Ins,,tly %Aim,Al bY Condy's fluid. %till Sold Eserrvior. - BATHE VIII.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SUITS TO MEASURE

In atrong Scotch and Yorkshire Tweeds 26.9 6d TROUSERS to MEASURE do. do. Ss 6d SUIT to MEASURE all wool Schtch Tweed 374 64 TROUSERS to MEASURE in ROO Patterns 10. 64 SUIT to MEASURE in Blue and Black Serge I rom 33.54 SUIT to MEASURE all Wool Indigo dyed and Wooded Black Rh ad

First Clue Cut. Bess Make and Finish. Bse Windows.

MANCIDISTRR TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

AliD 10, YOREWMARKET STARR',

WARRINGTON.

( MARINA _TOW AND BONIN

lbe O.l7lhare Coo. 1“.

YORPler9 TIC-C.1711E PILI I The "fly Cure On TIC AND TOOTILfOBI.

ORRIS. 1111111 MT. ALEXANDRA-110AD, ANCHINTIM,

WORBLE•Y Tim PANTHBONL,I M ITED

GAYTNORN. 11VvrHY8TRIL

'OILY CLIAT.—r.e • Ilea Bow arrived when the buoy houses/Ile anticipates the eommeno. nsont of spring cle.nitta. 'this is the time more than any other when certain 0-11cieneles one made up. erg.. • and cur. tains cleaned. orr, rool.c•ot son lure hoard. covered with oilcloth. or lino come Those who bare no hare 0 wrds wrish widget through the SI•Fillkl tont in half the firma it will take their beicithouts who twee o.e lattn so fertile the But. why hare these tut•ightly hate boi,rd., on emu, vph.th Worvley 0. • rea 19 artietiO hardwarlng writ linoleum at la 6tl nod 1. 91 per yard. Why drive the busload from name for kern ning treouse the ...toehold Week is unfinished t It y0u,,.. Worsley's rk linoleum. which is so eon, to clean end can he oont so rnpidly. and with so little fatigue. the evening* ere ooked torwar to with pleasant instead of the old lougetg dese-e to get to the end of the day interest How awn h t the husband wished to tall hie wits out fof so evetont's ettj ottnent. when !netted of joy fully soooptingth, tired* In peen,. t to have a rest at home whilst Yr. health hes Wen harlot merry evening at th theatre. This Is ea. I, done by troverlng theme. arlt Worsiey's fork It, *ham, or copes 111. not newesary t trouble you to call, send u• posteard. state Tour, ',quire asents, ad what time, We ho ontivenient for Brumley to call upon yea. Wonlrele leek, LIO charge tor measurlo your rooms, hull.. or st.tt• end If you eel. • petern o Carpet or linnleum Worawelo It it Ire. Bromley's bane very materially ortendeti thie detwelment sad ow supply quieter then say other towee In the tesde.

PARPECTB.-I,imt 0 Procep:- Nlneli.h Axminster' V 3.3.1 and 3. 9.1 Br vole, .11 1.1 2. ap. 2.7&d. 2. 119. and 3e34 ; Tan. *nine. 100, le Ejd le 6,1, 1. 19. le Ild, and Ye 613 d anent. r. le 6Y4. I. 110. lead 2a (id lecotch parpeta, 464,60 il)d lll.end le 30.

QQUA3B3-3 hy 3, 10- 6!, I 3 601, 18. 6d, 21s : 3 736. 1366 d 18. 81. 16. ed 27. &I, 30., 424 ; 4 by 3,18.6 d 2.. fid 25., /02,37. 8.1. 45. ; as.d 55. obba. sixes proportlobale

'L I N O L E U M —' I I. 1.. I 1# b. 41, h 91. 2s. and 2. 3.1 per yerr ; P• a. (nom 3.3 d; Pork Carpetaat the UPI nn I,,de rrlees.

TAINING-ROON FiTliNITLii: It. 153 Suiten, ip light brown and haelt oak wood. mahneany. ita.. covered in mormem. an, tanettnr. Mar .11411 loth. .44dle- bags. velvet. plain an, fiatarr4 trot. 4o nt4 laard ekint. at 20 les.. 5 quintal, £57. 64. £8 10e 7 guineas. 27 174. 84 8 guineas. le 17+ 6.1.. 9 K0h..., t ittrumt ett4 ward. to 245. hltirlaants to rm.. (rot £310.. up to II guineas. Dining trklre, with :ono, aran, 0,6.01 meow. from 25t. to 58 glimens Overmantrle. trot ler lid. In 12 ohms..

DRAWING- ROO UKNITLJII -210 Suites. is Chippendale ma10'54.1.y. a•unbaod„ walnals, ebony. Sc.. Garrey le milk, .1 1.. 1/51Yea. tapes. brecatebee, 14, RS 170. . £4 1611,. 5 guineas £5 16. 6J..R6. RS 10. 1.6 7 Sd. ifs, 8 guinea, 2go mess,lo atones. 112 0.. 13, 44. .01 I up...Mt £45. Cabinet,. and etel,A. 4r So 3 33-la. to 5. ...mar 'fables from 34.6 n. to MO, Overna ...b.. awl mwror. from _

DEDROOM PURN . 2711 :1/11e6 in black walnut bum •118 p 011019,1 pine, mnbrogany. Chippeodate 88.8.8881., erBon 181,8 I oak. polished radt. pdch 8818 az. , '4. 4310. £4 10.. ,P.. 5 156. £8 17s 6d. 27 10e 8 88.1088.. 9 £lO L5O. 884 upwards to E 165. Orm Wm-hr r. 18.nt 00. ()ler 90 palm of 88441. from Oo 64 ..v 1.9 ebeirs. Iron 2.643. 0188500 sea 81 1.488 War •, S. 113

BEDSTKAI, ! BKl,l* At,: • . rye non. worn 1401.1918 or YUH74lfil• ...red by Wins- ley's during the lot fee rewire tbere • -deral very line and musive 51it.,,.. Beddes is. the snendity velurh are in splendid condi; lon, and ean be ward vend ist. areeir nr•••• third of their orig..' no C. Sr would b- lisnaranble 1,, /.I • nuatelv riesered. !nein ro the very ividted at .•it nisi:veil her, d Inv te Inspection o• be rallowinir Hee, All-brass Bedreedds r -One asiddls fo+t sore, 26,. •ur dr.cso £24; one net a•vnit Sty, v-1,19 gob ...; on net about LAS, our price 14 guinea. ret-rel net n CIS In V/. env pnce ES ro £l2. And bu cire's tile... value from 12s 6.11 upward, Wrill •LlOrn .I solicit inn, dr-is Won. na the• know Übe Rondo wlllael

- ono Sofaß, 25. , 21.1_31,

;u4l Couch.. Dr.mara u.. 6d.

121•. 28.. 52. 64. 3i. 64,

0011PLETK, " 1.,)U •

rA"

;1;47; 2706

11'111114. at. 10 £3% £.O. 5,. and up- •.' v 'Jr Tegkire.

Ineßt.. putt 111 .uyllfl

WORBLEY', I GAYTIIMIN, ‘,C,I

BLatk. lMatnn. laom. Jt4

t ri' EON,' , t Ortskral It .t 1841.

41u?

it A ''

===== 0002601_18970514_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHSf

Amen: "Oh, clear, it ie PO awfully hot. I know look jam Itte a boiled lobate.% (too I?" Mabel: "Ye,"A:" You horrid, mean old

l'grue. is only onn thing that is said to be averse than Iron 4 uloon unexpectedly to roake an sh,...Onn.— synch --that is to prepare an after-dinner n, not, be asked to define

CAL.T.r.n "Di yoll ulitresb n Maid: "INai ns can,. up the

" ',lid if yo seen her to ,izty thal

What is the 4,1 the sharp- psinted, spear- t soldiers' he,niet, tin t know that .1 I'f or use 4ere's no rone to load their ~, bayonet., They just put ts 40,111

tlu• top ot the • \ .• '

appearchl very abruptly ago. You must not tba veva when Mr.

gerv.int glrl ianitl clean two how lung would it take two tin.l •• Finn. 4. It svo,lltl only take I know you that wasn't on

===== 0002601_18970514_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES'

LETTER.

MY Dana Numnn. For a little girl • from with pleated skirt, edged vrith a band of entree cream lace insertion laid on at the top of the hem, and a nightly full bodice, with yoke collar of lace lined with satin or eilk, a shade darker than the material, would look vial. The belt could be of dark blue velvet or of 11,1,1,1 shk, and the sleeves ahwilil be finished off with bands of lace insertion. Or the ASO might lo trimmed with two narrow tucka a blue velvet, and the collar made of velvet, Own' with a narrow frill of yellowish lave, the aleeves having two bands eel vol awl a frill of lace at the cuffs. Still nimpler, het itate aa pretty, would be a plain skirt an full an your stuff will allow, gathered to a perfectly plain and nearly tight-tilting, abort wainted bodice, with merely • piping of silk at the of nicht and bodice, but over which is worn a crows over tichu of loft white nainsook edged with double-frills. The Pleeve should be tight, with a small puff at the shnulder, and muslin frills tacked in at the wrist. This rice time in really moat becoming, and hats a parr tiicits.rly nice upprarancee if accompaitiol by • inn., of coavre white anew, trimmed et. ti ittunsook frills and blue ribbon bows. The ti 110 Gall be wiinhed nod" got.up. without

A Rer tty drees far a girl is made with s full bn,.iiuvv err,' a .loped belt ni caehmere. aieatir I, • t mark tires bow of clAinerre, and rinea ha tube of cashmere. t ireeri oretinimf is a tn. rarlour. A roil eirstiime Ir. or griy rapers, made on Mob sib, and trimmed with narrow eern insertion lace and a deep rone-ooloured velvet. The weave in suppleniented by hlde of pale pink eilk, which outline the sconce, and the vest is also in pale pink, with belt arranged in Swim fashion with mincer cote velvet. The hat of grey straw, in the parent tint, is trimmed with shot ribbon, edged lace and purple irie.

Isiinionabla Mailing gown 1,. rilatirla and white canvas and effanively trimmed with ecru lace and contrasting coloured Mlk. The bonnet in T. Queen 1897 bonnet in action, net, jet and her white tulle ruche boadeau in front, white tips at the side, lace strings. Large Leghorn hats are already being shown by the beat milliners, but these are rather more of • beige tone than they used to be. They leak exceedingly well trimmed with white gland ribborni and choice creamy ostrich plumes, but this com- bination is, of course, only suitable for very fine weather. Another pretty style is to trim theae hats with black ribbon velvet and black ostrich plumes, and some clusters of pink rose. on the crown and under the brim.

A very pretty hat is of eineraria mauve straw, I trimmed with bows of mauve and white aliases ribbon, and a wreath of mixed eineraria blomoms, ranging from the darkest to the lightest eliadee of mauve, with some white and mauve biome/us intermixed. There is no foliage, hut the gmen of the stalks allows between the &were. This is a very original and pretty model, the colouring and the flowers being distinctly novel. Trimmed sailor hats are much worn at present, but the trimming is in most casos sicanged at the aides instead of in front, Cow., the fashion last Jeer. What is generally known no the" improved sailor" ',hope in coarse navy-blue straw, trimmed with pale blue-and-white checked or striped glace ribbon and would look very nice. The riishon should be twisted round the crown, and marls into high loops each aide, those on the left being taller than those opposite. The sarne ehape in green straw, with a ruche of shot green and blue ribbon round the crown, would be equally stylish, and would probably suit all the gowns unless the blue dress is of the shade that door not accord well with green. Your loving Jicana.

THE LONGEST REIGN. With re emir. L. the aiming°, , reign oi our beloved Queen, rt is an hist. r, rl fret rhat in the years ol the world's history there ere twly three Kings I whose reigns have e-creded 63 sears ...h. sas , allot h r a Porsisn Ring ...re Its ed • , rs h.' tii, Li Herne,. 11. who heral 2L.L 1, , t tht the Li.r. Pao era end rotsilte I 136 year, there is *I di larvae°, a It nge. reign or record awl that le the reign of Howland's °dolor I which tor more than 70 y.... 16 has ben considered the q-st .lentiftico, for wiLLeningLei,th. preventing decay, ant imparting a pearl-like whiteners to the teeth. Ye er. )4 We 00.0.0 7. WA everywhere. (1)

•‘,.!'''‘,:', '..%A "4,l44Lit' •; e'..''' 1 , te: '1,,,,,i.„, •,:,:;,, ..,,,,f ; 4. ‘. v-v•-yi ,"...'''',.:`.: . '.; ..','''' '''',• ,;,:: ~, ~ ~. ; L' • ~.[.';-SA '•' 1 ~ -I IL g , ~ N 7, :

s 0 s k ";:•‘ A --.. cNtiril; ' ~114 ~,.......:ik N .-.- . , . , ' 1 \ \ W - IC ..I:,\. -,, Igatolzw i

_ : AZ' \

===== 0002601_18970514_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
.1;:r ;-`.-Wron:

tt it e Wart : "Oh, Mr. t it it. an anotear rnitettrol . . the t a emit' 11 ene, antl we want 311 V emit." NI, litHoe,.nee (in twit.. 111. r: Ellki MM. iti a int...to? show? Why,

,der)h.t t wont i I t.•,tii at toe I" STAS,',.. (IN TIIIIIIS Dr 1,11.1..—" Is this woman For OF' 4,4,1 the imigistrote of a coloured tttFt it Fitil to a WOIII,TI. "Is what my ihe "Is it :t v.ttorto your wife!" " I don't eso 'Olll.l. 1.01 a toly, an' its lady is my ,11 t !,,tiyotd ho•han.l?" asked the .1 t !to stoma°. " hit geo'lf•mtn is my I note invest iga,tl this ease, ttrni tint ttny and gtiitleman

to gaol for a

Lear-v.v.—A creditor called upon . •,,, awl f., an, him bony oirving a turkey. • Well, pir. arc y toi g, .i.. g to pay me at taut?" argil vac erol • or. "1 Fir.hl very- much like to, illy dear nir hot i find it imponcildc. lam cleared emt--tuirird ; Ilir vol't a fartieng." "Then I mad, say that a man who canttot pay his debts hae lsoinoo to ait, a turkey like that !" "Alas !" said the delgor, ac he roical hi, napkin to hie ever, " I oluldn't &Poi its keep !" A 11100 LE 0000 sworn called at an insurance odice tit a provincial town a day or two ago to announce that pile wanted to insure her house. "For how notch ? asked the agent. "Oh, about .C• 200. " Very well. ii! once tip and investigate it. "I don't know muck about ineurance," she said. " rts very plain, ma'am." "If I'm insured for /2.00 and the Isoine is burnt down, I get the money do I?" "Certainly." "And they don't rink who wit it afire ?" "Oh, but they do. We shall want to know all about it." "Thew you needn't come up," she sail, as sbe rose to go. "1 beard there wan eome catch about it somewhere, and now lace where it is."

See TRIED IN VAIN.—A woman in the waiting- room at Victoria the other day hail a great deal if trouble wit t one of her children, ahoy of seven or eight; and a man who sat near her stood it as long as pi,o hie, and then obit...teed : "Marlene, that boy of yours nerds I ho strong hand of a father." •• Yes I know it," she replied. "bob he can't have it. Hi. father died when he was obi yenta of age. and Tye done my best to get another husband and failed. He can't have what I can't get:, A sCorns Ri•-toiNiir.n.—A worthy Lancashire clergyumn r011.1,i fron his sleep at 5 o'clock in the mooing by loud talking at the side of • fish- pond in his grounds. His reverence put his night- capped head out of the window, and saw three men standing by the side of hie pond. "What are you doing thorn'!" and he. t` Fishing," Calif they. .• But you are trespassing on my host ; you most go away." "Bo to tied again," wai the rejoinder ; "your Master was not in the habit id winding away poor fishermen." The good clerg;-inan could, of cont., mily turn in lI,VDII. A SHADY liertitsa.—ltie other day a gentleman gave half -a-,rown too "dot and dumb " beggar, who, gime tat.en ill bits gwird by smell unusual munificence, exclaimed, joyously " Wyss you, air! Bloc, you!" " 11.11.5. t." said the gentleman, •• I thought you were deaf and dumb': " "So I wan, one," replied in: " hut yoar est rtionlinary generosity Woo such a shimk —such a pleasant shock —to the system, that it line rc,toi,l iny speech and hearing, illovo you again, air, theiniand timee " - -

so-- • A S IMF, I'l'. —A wealthy retired radesnsan, after in drink Mg the Ito h watern fir a complaint which his dome knew to INi immricary, took it into his head to try the the' ..1 let wells. Pre- vious, however, to hie rotting off, lie requested his phyeician to favoor him with a letter ntating hie ease to his brother I lalen. This done, the patient got into a chat-e and started. Alter proseeding about half-way, he felt curious rough to pry into the contents of the le, ter, when the following words prenented themselves Dear Sir, --The bearer in a fat Wiltshire clothier ; make the most of him. It te acarcely necessary to add that his cure wan from that inoment effected,rand he immediately proceeded home. A LEAP boa Lire.—" I wan crossleg a long rail. ! road bridge, sold a Yankee yorn•s;,inner to tome acquaintances, "when I wan eurprined to eon • locomotive coming round a .turve and tearing towards me at teri i fie speed. The bridge woe too narrow to allow of escape at either ode, and I dare not jump into the yawning ellen helow. I started en a ej'biek run toward, the locomotive, and when within a few rooff it I mimeo, ate l tiny nerve and muscle into one effort, and leaped straight up in the air. The fearful nudist., allot tinder me, and 1 came down on the bri.ige saved from death, hot enriounly shot., by the deseent." There was a moment or two of deep ; and then one of the company sighed and said a whisper loud enough to be brand half a mile off What's the enrol presenes of Muhl when Oman can tell !amt. like that"

- "Arrun Mcmv Y KAM ROVING."—" it one ence more!" muttemil tine weary olio. as he leant on his well-worn staff and surve?.ed the village. " The hope that not hitherto buoyed me up now almost asserts flue, nun I gam round at the .r.toge fares awl nhoo not have sprung up in the streets. How different IR everything front what I left it when a be ! Where is tine old familiar baker's shop round the corner, outside id which we used to spin our tops ? Whore the cheery old wheel- wright? And—hetivens, cart it be possible ?—they aeteally pulled down the church and built a"-- "Non, I non, git out o' this" said the poiireman. Mnidilloton sat the place for the likes o' you!" Muddieton !" echoed tine weary traveller. " Where's Pitlilleton, then " Twenty miles on." And so it was. Ho mistaken the road, and come to He wrong v ilisge. -

HE: "You know I love ,':m?" She: "Ye',.' Ile "As' you say you 0.111/.1 0,0?" She : "Yes, dear ; yes.. He : "An:! you will marry me?" She: "Of ....arse, &siding 1" H 0 : "Then we are engaged.. She: "Yes, dearest ; we are engaged. But"— He "Then why not announto it?" Ske (cleciaealy): " Th.t is just what I do not want to do." It: (persistently): "But why not?" She (aeipsentrlcj : " Well, if you most know, I sill t011,',:, . dust as soon as people hear you are eggage.l, all the girls in town will be runningal ter L.' He ( wir ii little smile of vanity): But • L. dear, you has, confiaence enough in me not to o me, ..,11 if they an run otter nie, have you It ?" She (anchtfu(ly): "Oh. ye.: but"-- ti, (trit•opictnily) '• Then we'll consider time matter scoff...l; awl "-- -- She : "N 0 ; not hy any uwan... ",,,.re In s.uumlliog One." Ho (impaiiently): •. What is is this time?" She W. ft if y nowt know—jest as ruort as. ri.o:,' .•I am engaged"— He (o ith a le:ul.nun.,), "My flailing • Don't yl.ll 011111. •I, 0.- ..,11 00110.0 you?" bhe (very " I S,.k. I,N nay ant, just to soon as it., know). I ? 4111 c,..4.640.), not • man in our net will hove Acyllu,

BIOIIRDS, ANIMALS AND Nl6ll STUFFF.I), AND , mount.' in Olms Cams ot any design. lIR&DS and HORNS mounted. Milo Mr ml.. Birds onus, into Ha, .1 Softens or Pim Sereens. Dm.. in Brill:1i and Yore.g. Birds and Anitinis' Skins, 1311.Tfill". Ord. Sggs, sissies.. Stags. Ito It. Cabinets, Mnre Bonn*, Sem, an n 1 ventilates. hr tirdlerfiv Sal do Collectors—B. NatorallM and Farrier, 21 itrovliow streot,Liverpool. Mind it yew.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
\Vo, N r.ll 11 I

:, FRIDAY,

411‘,MIMR

Y 14. 1897.

[ALL Unarm lttnnt,no.] DUTCH THE ,„porte t 1 ~chttf- on, A MAN'S MISTAIU. Imes, I, °ober G. MANVILLE FENN, • patti• V•ln ot Ardor of the Pam?. o' Pootiorel," Poverty Corner," " The View's People," dee. dec.

" WOWEITS s et the Drawing Ro en hal by li last. transparent and unlined tre evidenee One made entirely of Ma . s neays ruche notate, and on on kinds ; another was if revers 1 aring, trie colors outside ad insi. . A. nember of agnate bocciots he white or colorist, arranged ab,S side, with tips that turned dare eular ;mare ire aid to have axe royalty 'teen. , fne Patti C, mart, despi•e the 1 heti with ' the Queen's Drawing Room at lit dace, was I Citarteu XIII. • huge emcees, the Albert Pali, mo these j Tile CAITAIN'S greeleioNe. neessiOnti, hang packed from flee .- Madame ; Tile next day it came on to blow--and for quite a Patti's born', format -505. it on the so den If week tenqiestanitie weather set in, the' ,Inionel 1 Wares, ind hero she eseiciae th rib in lite ghe hney 1 skimming along al her most under bare imles, b rem a ut east, amewi em now lier. er iner and t delight- , 1 pro awing well on voyage. Captain litudwick fauni;lt:',Mfllhe'n.gpes.'"' i'on'o' iL7.-'-'ert‘' lb°- g-n. i haslgame trouble with his Men, but oil tile whole j Tie Countess se Been,. resented o, in honour of the Di. cloth k I tuey. wore prett good sailors, and hie strict I road Jubilee, ha. latel ' • beautiful tea to the Queen, which • herself &Aiwa, the pattern ! ifi,zzp.lhinoewoogiat them well to their Worlt, PO that, I at first a little insubordination, they ! twine a bare, arr.. by the wee, Ehs mown, and , went pretty willingly to their duties. the ithantrock,with t all eventful dates corked on the j On the tenth day out, the sun ruse over a sea goings, is mie nf th moot energetic workers on behalf j juot riled./ by • pleasant breeze. The liken were of woinen's interest and Wineries, and for yewn her busy drying,clothes, and all the ports and hatches name bee bon a i•iated with the enenurwernent of were well open, undo' the day wore on Mrs. Pugh, Bell bb wentco in stiles In Lady Beater's Wremet- looking very weak and pale came on deck, leaning land lane is 'o found, perhaps one of the finest con on Besoy Studwiok's arm, tile latter leading her to lee.. of old rench arra.. which hae been se yet where 'retch was talking to Mr. Parkley nigh /erect Srto er in Enda., and her name is mewl- . 1 Dutch started tube now them coming up, then, ated with i unterable schemes in connection the Dw he ith t j bwg oin coldly, he walked to the other side of the arts And i &Wide., .11,l it I, hoped to develop during deck to where John Studwick was sitting, urd Jubilee yvar, spot og of Wit furniture, awl, high price aro toad impatiently watching his sister; and as eoon no he for this, noweed ore. when visiting e deafer the e imr saw Mr. Parkley lead Mrs. Pugh to a seat, he mine. he informed me the: me Mid known ashd. e . called to Bogey sharply to come to him, keeping . . • are e r for a drawing room tn fetch no less than £2,000 her yeah-may by his side, as he now Mr. Wilson Tins was • book case and dere combined. He knee and the doctor came up and begin walking up ten, 11 1101 to et i.e old silk chains that were sold stew and down, and frowning as they both raised their weeks back for £l6O Ai regards aofes it weire a hats, and smiled at his sister. hundred genent for a shigle cue is by no means a i " I wish you would not notice these men, Bcay," Marais g figure. ' he exclaimed in an impatient whisper. It insv interest mane of tne readers to know that the 1 " I only bowed courteously to them, John dyer," British Museum massing Mx chairs, fh. Parlielt ex. empire of 'flff ancitfit Egeptian theOri,•ll oleis of ebony, 1 she aid sadly ; " and I will na speak to them if on do not wish it." turned in the Nth. and intii i with collars. and discs of . Y " I don't like it," he said, hastily. ivory. these. hang navy cane, aliehtly hollowed An - j .._,n"„ other of turned and p illshed remand ha a seat of ski, t su ...sc." and folds precisely like our reistern folding chair, but She glanced across at Hester Pugh, andhez7 her much more saurely. Both the Greeks and the Rena. ' white lips working as her eyes followml her u and, used folding char', cern ing them in tile chariot for tv.e ; ma then, taking up a book, began to read to her in tiv. ham, lecture belle, mid baths. [ brether. 1 In millinery, wingn and fi were are as faehioneblo a I " Look at that, Bob," said one of a little group mixture a ever, and provided awe are careful in cur ait• I of teen, buoy overhauling a large sail which had lecticin of the wings, three is little to say amines the j been split during the late dale. mole. Bill I hoer lately espied many up. -date women 1 "Von, he looks heti enough," said another. "A w ire en owl arranged in their bat net- quo, mid bdl couple more days like we've had would about finish idea is neither pretty or artietic. Car ieedgear should i I toe an maul .1 eare of the headyle awn and the wearer, I "" ti" I t mcati him, and not empioed ya• a power to advertise the head. Get out, dpring cleaning with mat of us ie tow nun. 1 I mes'n• the g Said the the, don' a" " Tee, she aint 1...1 to look at," said the first. arid swing the etas that are pat, and we have time ,tn turn our attention to Nmp shatter, which, Masa! this I " That's her as Oakum was talkin ice; the 1 waren of Ole ye ir have an ureleaant war of shown,won't," Tlmt it •i e o Ithe wear and learnt winter Tint vert latest lamp shades little pale one." j enclwe tho light like a elobearith a ale I fraturneovered "Just you two get on with that sail, will you, 1 with muclopeckered silk and a walth ot artificial I said a gruff voice behind them ; "and have the - fiaren hemdes The elecgic light is se universally em- 1 women passengers atone." ployed that shade adapted to it Assume much import- I One of the men looked across at the other, and ghee. Some of the line are fashioned like flowers,* few I grinned, and they went on with their work, while new na ones brie. epangled with irednelenn sequins. I Sam Oakum walked grumbling forward. " I wish while many tire embroidered in relief with very mall . and minuted...ere. The mi,rxiing order ha • &abl ho e terror for those w 1 half aloud. thsy, wouldn't have no women aboard," he muttered Wh not ?" sad the doctor, who prerecord !keep a rug lee. It cannot wear the used shaped wire / . rim. , ehhi. ymimi him ,imaing I cage,aud it ix edema, if um impooerele to oleoin one hi m, ant wi ~ ng d, . h,,h, ee j The e„ie there atli tbe. tall young naturalist. whom the 1 ohoentstittill:rinos,7x, ,lilcoorrtyhteatdhoegeoe•wrelythiossesootmadr,oe nfoile.ttohol, everyone, owooirehotdhoehicistteonoileinpeyh,eaoto:ea to Luckname I [he other day a ventleman was fineiLin one of the Loti. "Why null" growled Oakum, seowling across j don Police Boatme,ir taking his dog nut with the more at old Rap, between which two a deep dielike I suitable leather masio, and noon alter the Society for i P ccc e a gee of Cruel. to animas brought • ease egainet abadl'n•Pruonn'tg nitop '. t.will c'o7etr—a Iti)‘iitr''th '." cery-'w•oer7le h I saeyrso another awe, for taw the wire rage. Thee. It —they aint no good. They sets the men talking gra ehoweao tortured the dog, ms to imant to ernelty, 111/011t 'em instead of doing their work 1 they bottle owner hid only time his beat to comply with consooms the etores ; they causes the ship to be the raulaticue, and it was admitted that the dot's fane littered with green stoff awl leech meat; sail, what is a awn ii nature that it monot wear e wire wave. wit an invs, ii'ly deek's always in a The man therefore wanted te Wow whetth he a h them d alid te to do, Why here's • eow end chickens, and a but thy migieratee only in ii, cwa a nominal fine, and mean • ducks, and 'Palo milking every morning If bim with hie perplesit•. goat and For dowurinht malty to whale there are few to to get some thin blue Muff like Flapper washings, "god the enperimentia Wen.t. On instance is and the whole place turned into a fartn-yard, ad afforded in the experiment which iil to inc carried out to all because of the women. Blame me " ! I wish the well.knewn Jardin des Plantes in Paris. This is an there warat one on the face of the blessed earth." at" ma to dm/dee intermediate tales of c.a.—dwelling " Hear him," aid one of the two sailors who had animals. Per this pinp.er under-ground Premise nos, just spoken' "hear him, Ina," for they were &eng- in ove when he was green." in total rEtkei!'..i.".wh.4,,,h). Lcil'imhtessfiooll dn•Lnd`inworl,,l..7.l.ll‘," Imi the ail aft as Oakum spoke. "lie was crossed Ike object Isle nate the Mow transformatiot which it is 5, wome.., riot enoodh at times," aid Bob, appoimaney will undergo, owing to their Waal en. ~,, he,‘,„. i„,i , • •! .1 ...me,, ow of agrees. The Thelma are to be pies, rats, and wiser • boa distortions of the eye. which ause the owner I animas. and only at Ime intervAt• wil the Scientists I o look behind Ms nose whie.h in this ease i vat them to twe how thev are getting ou.. By slow was a very I one. "I'm n.'hgeht roosoorryo, foe that I odeogo,reoesr.iotrids cb,/,[ljr,esoi7ooodited toloyetooeLeosoNo•lngrollireo.le,s,:z.iiol ddi,s; 1 bud, one '.hterh.eek, though 4,: ether ways tram' mundane gene about no that the ....- future generations may become quire a eiffereat Run "let me introduce one of our protectoro to you, ens sort of wales. The greet. W.A.re is at. Miss Studwiek," said the doctor, stooping by where wheel to these experiment., which tr. however, nee ahe at, book in band. pleasant o contemplate, Rini iris difficult to see what John Studwick gave an impatient twist in his practical good can come of them. chair. The cold and almost wintry weather that has distine "Thin is Mr. Oakum, the second mate, a linnannf lbe ' asb pa" m May, is tn.'s' snlfinad." gentleman who is a confirmed hater of your the fireside wean, but many have no choice big to take i.e.." their holidays early in the yearaed cid M haps will the annual summer " No I ain't," said Sam gruffly; "I only said as drow b ningoating and Wiling season has already commeneei with Ili e inert- ladies. hadn't oto business on board ships, even if table acents. is sometime happen ueder the mwt careful andi•ions,teit they is captain s daughters. They only get listen. the greater number are tread he the folly of taws who ing by wcident to people's tongues going a deal suffer by themand on &Meant et warning will ewe the too fat and teen" rockier of t ter foolhardiness. Neerthebes it is as "That's meant for me, I appose," said the well to remember that • little thought and the observe doctor, laughing. "Never mind, Oakum, we shall anre rif ordinary precautions, would prevent • very not tpiarrel. 1 think you'll like Oakum, Mr. large proportinn of holiday accidents in toe water. ills Studwick." usually said that people should not venture antra thy "Thank you," said the young. man, sharply, can sasim, non in itt tnu ssa"nittnnt wIlO are mono le need "but I only take your medical advice, Mr. Meldon. tithe warning vote.. It is the,. whoa, • rule. •bn Come, Betsy, it's chilly here." ov r safereliance we elven to underestimate the tea .. Bothe Min is getting warmer every moment, and dame, and wet re epiently °rime io ere a. , John," mid his sistw, gently. "I think you will DeLll Pennon" —Pare ad core four large Melts. P., be ioi Ihe b,,,,er f, iii,,,,,,mg mi deek.i, them in an anonslied sweeper., •itb tyro tablespoon. . fa. of otter.' tearpoontul of minced lemon rind, two lot sure you will, sed.'d the doctor, smiling, and tablreponnfule of brown sugar, and • little grated nut- Pasning on. rag. Stir them gently until soft. Make a good 11.16 t ii Pin sure I shall not," exclaimed the invalid. crust, roll it nut thin, spread the apple mixture ever it, pettishly, while his eyes looked jealonsly and sprinkle on two ounces of currants, roll up, tie in a brightly at the young doctor. " Take me below, floured cloth, and boil for two hours Serve with me. ltessy. There--I can walk; come along. Mr. eauce, or with sugar and with, This is a delicious Oakum is night—men's tongues do go too freely family pu•lding. here." Bossy looked at him sadly, and then smiling pleasantly as he raised hie eyes, walked with him to the able duor. "I hope you will not take any notice of my son's sharp remarks, doctor," said Captain Stud. nick, overtaking the two young men, for he hatl hard what had passed. "Not I, indeed, captain," said the doctor, frankly. "I think I undentand what it means, mid I should be a poor Mudent of human nature if I visited this petulance upon him. We shall be Ike beet of friends before long, I'll be bound." "1 hope so, I'm sure," aid the captain, gloomily, "for it's quite possible that we may need to hold well together before our trip litter. ' "Do you anticipate any danger, captain?" aide Wilson, turning pale. The captain hesitated, and then mad— " Voyages are always dangerous— that's all." "Ho means more than he says," thought the doctor; and he followed the captain with his eyes as he went forward, etoppod, and ,poke a few words to Hester and Mr. Parklev, who were still sitting togeth., and then joined butch, who was, scoord- ing to his wont, gaing over the bulwark far out to "Pugh," he said, holding out his cigar-case, for reveal of the men were standing about, sad he thought it better not to seem to be cloaking a communication," I've got something on my mind, and of all the men on board you are the one I have chosen to make my confidant." Dutch's eyes brightened, and he turned to the captain eagerly. " What can idol" he asked. "Nothing—only listen. Perhaps this is only a manna cent; but I've hail no much to do with men, that I to, rather a keen observer." "Is there any danger—anything wrong ?" exclaimed Dutch, glancing involuntarily towards hie wife. "Danger or no danger," replied the captain, "life is very uncertain, and if you will excuee me for saying it, I don't think you would like to die, Id see her die—he nodded in the direction of the spot where Hester was hitting--" without claspnit hands Onde more,"

THE MAN IN THE RESTAURANT.

Have yawner happened to nodes how much some thin pence, eat 2 I was in a restaurant not long ago, , and sitting just near me was a vary thin men orderiog him dinner. His face mu pale, his cheek bones woe twinned, and there was no evi deo. whatever that he had any blood in hls bode. I wondered what such man would est,and very won saw the greatest quatitir of food imaginable disappear before the revenant. ape petite. Surely, thought I, that man eats enough to fatten ten men. What become, of all that food P But a lady hoe sienna a letter which ought to he presented before I answer that question. Before I heard of Scott's Emulsion," the lady writes," I was in a very weak state. I wan unable to walk any distance , without feeling very bed. and was wasting away to al shadow ;in fen I got frightened for fear I was going Into conouneption. /4 aria got no larger than • child's of four or five year., and when I ate my food twos. nen, satiated ; the more I had the morel wanted, but it did net do me any good. Instead ol genie( latter I I got so this eve ryte,dit I knew kept passing remarkeabout it. When I heard of the good dcott's Emulsion was doe log, I triad it. I commenced to take it OD June 22nd,1 and lam glad to *ay that after taking one of your mediturmeed bottles I wag able to walk about without meriting so bad. It. t mere satisfied with my food, ud it gummed lo be doing me more good, but when I had taken one of moor largeat bottle. I could get about easily. I went for long walks without feeling a bit tired, in fen I never felt no well leery life. It leerily snags trne. am recommending it to • lot of people I know, as they Can see what • change there is in me. 1 hope thin letter will he of some um to you, as I should like people to know the good it has done me. I reinain, your& truly. (eigned) ELIE IBETEI NAIIND, 111 De Pleauvoirmoad, ID instated, N., July 281 h 1896." Now there was nothing in the world the matter with that man I saw the restaurant, else!): that he was unable I. animilate his food. His system craved • nourishment in a dolor.. and easy form, aid instead of getting Neon'. Emuldon to Wart it back on the read to health, it got nutting but ordinary food. Not being able to assimilate such food, the man was literally eat. mg his way to starvation. I hope he will ace the fore- going latter.

CITA 1,1.1‘ X IV.

"Corned

Iho ,• oval Laund,esses my Orltchley's Simeon Gtoss n0en...,164 lee Imparting • beautiful finish to starched Intl to.. ei t her cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- s ot,rs -•• My wile will not finish coar linen without you. y„.,o•h Moss • rrorn Mn—. Bradford ,--Desr sir,— om niooe,d to Inform you that I lave tried many so-called tareh Olsem.n4 Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It he used In evert house. Bold at 14., 3,1.. and 64., by 0.061 eltreh Berg. If not In stock will 1000 use it. T. EankbUrn, PrOprlotOr.—Adet.

A MAN OVERNOARD.

two. the

DV', turned pale as ashen, and cloxed his eyes for a few momenta then turning an angry look u 'po the captain, he exclaimed-- "Noii have no right to intrude in this way upon my private feelingo, Captain Stodwick.' " Not, perhap, bev worn man and man, Pugh ; but I siviak at one who would ail ho has to ihs poor wit', mho died whik he was at i.ficr parting front her in anger." Foe liwtven'a ,ake, lo silent !" pi,vcii nut

A orioserTs., arab, ,re, 1.1 upa $ Ina d bar $l,l • Matt lAt plur 'ft on ast the. p adurirati., t it At m 111 anal u 1 , Mag. .1$ of .n role ,11* • war dto luau n, 1 map. • hemp,' an py t all.' th most anaa tnl a a $ iat o in sty old ren• roan et 1 urp i dup

===== 0002601_18970514_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
“1111)011.“

i"I will say no more shout that, then, said the captain, " Inn coon& to you wh.tt l wish to say." i

Well, I ma:- be wrong, lett I have been trying to think it out aver since wo staxte land I have said nothing to l'arkley because lan, so uncertain." .• I do not umlerttand you, said Dot ~h, looking at him curiously. " I hardly understand myself,- replied the captain ; "hut I will try to exphOn. In the first plat., you or we have made a deadly enemy in our Cuban acquaintance." " Undoubtedly," exclaimed Dulah. .4 One who would to anythiag to serve his nods —to stop on from getting to the place Oakum professes to know." "I am sure he would." He would atop us at any cost." "Übe weld; but we were too quick for him, and he has not stopped up." "That's what troubles me." "How troubles you? Why should that cause uneasiness?" said Dutch. "Because he strikes me as being a man of such diabolical ingenuity that he would have found, if he had wished, some mtans of circumventing us before we started and hence, as you know, I have carefully scanned every chip we neared, or steamer that passed us." " Yes, I know all I hat," said Dutch, growing excited ; "but we have Leen too much for him." "1 fear not," said Captain Studaick. " Then you think we are in danger from him still ?"

" I do, and that he would not stop at, murder, an sinking the shilt.to gain his endo" " I believe not, suid Dutch, moodily. "But you have found out something ?" 'Not yet." "You know of something, then, for masts'?" "Not yet." . . . .

Speak. man," exclaimed Dutch, impatiently. " lkiu torture me With your riddles. What is it you think I" " Dkin't speak no loud," said the captain don't look round and start when I tell you, Ikut smoke qiiietly, and seem like me—watehing thkxse bonite playing below. DMA nodded. " Go on," he said in a low voice. I will explain. then,- said the captain, " first I beiieve thikk we have not been stopped kd overtaken by Laurd, because--" " Bookause what '. " "We have the klonger we shunned here (.11 In spite of the feelings that bad troubled him, the deep ferkent love for he, wife asserted itself at the words of Captain fitudwiek, and Dutch Pugh makle a den in her klireetion, as if to be ready to proteet her from harm, before he recollected himself, and rcealled that there could be no iinmekliate danger. " What do you Inman?" Ike exclaimed then,

eagerly. "That's a larger one than I've seen yet," said the captain, pointing with his cigar down into the clear water. "Oakum, ask Mr. Jones to get up the grains, and let any of the men who like try to strike a few of the fish." . • . „ ,

"Ay, ay, sir," exclaimed Oakum. "Didn't I warn you to be quiet'" said the captain. "Oar safety and success depend on keeping our enemy in ignorance that we suspect " I beg pardon,' said Dutch, taking lii, double. glass from ita case, adjusting it, and watching the fish play about ; by its help seeing them swimm. lug together, rising, diving, and chasing one another through the water, which was id all shades, train the faintest aquamarine and pale turquoise to the richest, deepest sapphire blue. "I am impublive ; but I will control myself. Go on. Whom do you suspect ?" " That Cuban, of course." "Bat he is two thousand miles away." "Possibly, but his influence is with us.* *What do you think, then ?" *TheMs a much finer one still," mien the captain, pointing to ass albicore, which kept pace mactly with the schooner, as she carooned over to the soft breeze and surged through the sparkling water. "No one." "Yes, I gee him," said Dutch, aloud. "But you think that Lauri; has emissaries on board ?" 'May be yes, may be no. Lend me your glass, Mr. Pugh. Thanks.', "Peay be a little more explicit. What do you think, then ?" ' "I hope they will strike a few of these fellows," mid the captain, returning the glum. '1 can get on better without it, thank you. Look here, Pugh," he said, in a lower tone, "I am all suspicion, and no certainty. One thing in certain—those treasures have an existence; the Cuban's acts prove that, and he will never let no get the spoil if he can prevent it. The colours of those fish are magnitl. cent,' he said, aloud, an the mulatM limped by. "The ladies ought to conic and look at them. Every act of that man," he continued, "that I saw, proved him to be a fellow of marvellous resource and ingenuity." "Yes." said Dutch, nodding, with bin eyes to the binocular. "And unscrupulous to a degree." Dutch nodded again. "If the Wave wag a steamer, instead of a fast three-masted schooner, it's my impression that we ahould have one to the bottom before TIOW." "How' Why t" "Ho would have had a few sham lunips of coal conveyed into the bunkers—hollow pieces of cast iron, full of powder or dynamite; one or two would have been thrown into the furnace in firing, and the poor vessel would have had a hole blown in her, and gone to the bottom before we knew what was the matter." " Diabolical r' exclaimed Dutch, below his breath. . . •

"Oh, here is the grains," mid the captain, an Oakum came along with an implement something like an eel spear, or the trident Neptune 19 represented as carrying, except that in thin cane, instead of three, it VIM fuiniehed with five sharp leached teeth, and a thin, strong cord wan attached to the middle of the Matt. "Would you like to try?" he continued, turning to Tonio, who stood close at hand. "Yea, I'll try," said the mulatto, M a guttural

, voice. "Let him have the grains, Oakum," mid the captain, to the great disappointment of several of the men. "Them fellows are, some of them, very clever this way." The mulatto eagerly , took the spear, fastened the cord around his wrist, and, followed by several of the men, went forward to the bower , elimbed out, and, descending, stood barefooted, one of the stays,_ bending down with the weapon poised ready to dart it at the first likely Ash that caine within •11Tam all impatient to hear more," said Dutch, still watching the fish that played about in the blue water. "And I am all impatient to find out more," said the captain; "but we must be patient." "Then you know nothing ? " "Nothing whatever. I only feel cure that the Cuban is at work, trying to cheekrirate us and, of course, I suspect. Now, I want your help." " Of oomse," replied Dutch, both speaking more freely, for the attention of all was taken up now with the scene being enacted in the bows of the swift craft. "I feel sure that you must be right; but I have had n,, Touch to think of that there things did not trouble me. He must have started, and will get there before

"I don't think that possible," said the captain; but I have thought so." " gut suppose that he has sonic of hhi men on board, moundrels in his own Than is far more likely," mid the captain ; "and that is why I am so careful." "Of muses, that mug be it;' exclaimed Dutch. "The villain! He bribed your crew to desert, and has supplied others—his own miscreants." "That is one thing I suspect." "That last party there tho mulatto and the black." '• 'Fitat is the most natural supposition at the first blush; but the men are all strangers, and for this very mason I am half disposed to think it was the first lot. One is so disposial to judge wrongly." "You are tight." said !hitch, thoughtfully, "and we have no common plotter to deal with. You remember the man who wanted to hide an important letter from the French If ties " No," said the captain, watching him intently. What did he do?" "lie placeil the letter somewhere SO as they should not tind it, knowing full well that, they would come and taievick his chambers as volt as his booboos turned." •• Well," said the cam in, impatiently. "Writ, the flees et tie' police came ; and iu hie alx,nixx searched the place in every direction, even trying the legs of the chairs and tables to me if the document was rolled up and plugged ni octet them ; but tlity gave up in despair, finding nothing." " Where was it hidden, Own," said the ,apta it was not hidden 01 all," suid Dutch

===== 0002601_18970514_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The owner name back a T. after having been waylaid and ....arched, uventluet his clothe., and then, fevling ,tutrt, to.k the from where he had plac.el it. the French polka feeling that it mixt he in "thee "Rot where was it ?" Fetid the captain a .ain.

.• \'‘7l;y. wliere he left ii: ina onion:Ai envvlope, plait: for everybody to eee, just stuck half behind the knitting-phi+. over the neinicl.plece, aml had probably been in the marchers' hands lialf.a.doren times. ' . . . . .

`• That is junt the trick that the taboo will try with no," exclaimed the mptain. " I think no, mid Dutch ; "utherwiee one might look upon that mulatto as a suspicious character." " Yen, of .ourne," replied rho captain. "1 wee ready to pitch upon him at that, hut I changed my miml, and am loons delposed to nuspeet those two •iuict, English fellow, Lennie mid Relic, the men Oakum was talking to nomo time bock.' "I know," mid Dutch. "One of (lob, is a dark fellow, wttli ait outrageous cast it hie.cy.c."

" In both his eyes, you mean," mid the captain. "That ig Roth. The other fellow moms as thick- headed and stupid as :in ox. He ham perptitual grin on him face. and hmks simplicity itself.- .1 know the men," maid Dutch. But now what in you Forme to d‘o.. " Nothing Ind wait. I hail thought of putting the others on their gnanl ; bat by doing so I /night defeat my own end,. Perhaps, after all, lam wrong, and we shall never hear more of Master Laurc, except, if we are successful, he may attack tort by law torn share." But vou could take prccantionm exclaimed Dubh, 'who again glanced unoluntarify at lxix wife, wici mat there watching him in a mail appealing way that went to I cart.

•,.., . . • •• F.,•1•••• pracmuion with re:yeti, to the arms, which I .olaw)s keep antler lock I/TO key. And now, what I want you to ch. is to keop alwat all time, lhht oz. day, a tiro chance may serve, picking up such hurt. :le yOU come arri,S, .1111 0111111101il•ating then, to ow while, for Joy part, I ahall keep every poieehle stiteli of ennvan, not tanl reaeh the 1000 0, soon as I can:" • .

-17 For it may 'WI ihdch.

out fah." ularni," i

t• I trust it may t but 1 fo.I iiuni it, will not," replied the eapttUn. " ectuta littun t,rre with ou," •• Depend upon it, there is some deeply Intl plot ready to he upthug upon tt,. However, btreweruell--" . . . .

"Mn °mho:n..l! Mn oserl.ard ! shouted half-a-dozen voive, in ebort:•; illirectly after, Mr. JOlle, the 1111.1,1., w,te etrl terry hoarsely

to them an tt tNt Hoot down,

ship." .wn tlkiA Wet," he ro.t. for for null tit, Ilaitiog loin

Quick -11cre, fimr

uitgi

;1011110re or .1.

bavk of a lar, beyond t Ite harlp treinundooq •. and, bang attn. h.. . .

ligh that he hail burieil it far when hi g pre,. mete tle eela violent jerk, the thriaver'g Wrist, it

...„, . literally snateli...l 11.:a ol ilk precarious pion, and, in spite of his being a gond swimmer, he was rapidly ho drowned by the frantic erforts of the fish. . .

Dutch saw in an inntant that long before the boat could be lowered the more Would be exhausted, unless he was freed from the cord that jerked at his wrist or he swain, and by means of which he was &egg. .1 again and again beneath the water. There wan no thee for thought; a fellowva eature was in deadly peril, and he felt that he MOM give help, no, throwing off the horro. jacket he wore, end kieking off his shoes. he took out and operual hen knife, anti climbed on the bulwarks. An he did no, he taught a glimpse of Heater tottering with outspread arms towards him, and heard her wail hie name, inn as he did no he wtoo ledping from the Khoonet's side to plunge deep down in the bright water, sending the nhoal of Imnitti flying in all &nations 10 his body formed a curve. and he came up twenty feet from where lie had dipped, and then began swimming lustily towards the drowning

man. A lona cheer saint...thin. as he tormil on Ms side and swao. hard, as the preparations for towering t!. twen, with t reit oreot eneli

instant more dUtant, while ii 90.511 became eviden, w it IL 11611111nt sonEethimg utlfort,..l) occurred the must be dn. ned; for, in spite of all Outeles effort, the lieh took hint farther and farther away. the mon', as he owe on dm long well of the Atlanii.-, growing evidently feebler and feebler, till in its frantie dread awl pain die lish sielilenly turned, making back for where Due+, with loin; slow in mho., urged himself rapidly through the titer. He hardly knew how it happened. for as he leaden Aide to ent otT tlw paimanuldened rentntre. it leaped over him, dived down, and, to Itis horror, Hatch beirel that the rope lbw ovev his body, and that he was being towed rapidly down into the awful .1' ph.. of the mg.. Hui light PhOVe hilt] Peented to be olimniml, and he half 10Si IPOlnniOUP- new,. Then, wiilt ime vigorous application of the knife, ha wan free, awl a he kicks brought him breathle.w to the surface, where, as he panted, he paddled about looking for the .0,1.0 In,, WO had Aimed given him up when itomething rose up slowly to the surface, and one hand appeared clutching vainly at the air. II alf •aolimen strokes took Dutch to his side, and, catching the drowniug man's wrist, he turned him over, owl tried to get behind him, gut he eaa not, quick enough, for, in the strong drsire for life the mulatto, as seen as he was toadied, elaapeol the swinnner with atm, and leg., eomplvtoly crippling him, and, after.. brief struggle, then sank together. As they row one, more. Ihtleft saw that the bout was quite too hundred yards away,and that his cute non Impel,oe unless be took Solile high- handed manner of saving himself ; turning well as he enull, ho rtrnek the drowning man a tremendous blow upon the temple with hia doubled lint. stunning him effectually ; his clasp loosened. and, shaking himself free, Dutch now turresl hini on his Itack, limiting by his side as he sustained him, till, with a loud hurrah, echoed from the schooner, which was now coming down upon thew baud over-hand, the pair wen, dragged into the boat, and in.,' after lay in safety upon their eseers deck. The. first upon whom Dutch', eyes fell was his wife, heeding by his side ; and, as tin ir eyes met, she took hie liand, trembling, and raised it to, her lipo, theme quivering 'ilia seeuting inaedilily to, say- • " Dina repulie me. 1b,,, you PO dearly, and

Tia• next 'lmo. v una lea,laa4 her army. marallowio; Oainulart hande4l tl. kink the aa . ,•, lwlow and m litala Ow a • ,s • rar 'a], 1111111 r, •1.111, 1.),I that thc .1, la, .. ,•.• ',led it. raaiora,_, 1/utalt htmsett W.VI 1,1711 1 die,.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KEYSTONE OF HAPPINESS.

Raman hae beet happily .1. sallied ma treasure mralc prnperly valued when it is loaf. When all in.. energies are required in the struxile of lite, good health become. orient the most calueble of OW anieiii Many ruttinese awn, to whom time in motion., me incap.citated occasionally by severe, though temporary, attache at Ulm.. minor ailments, from which moat I.e. suffer at soma time or other, and which, if nllnered ,• develop, any &Win. Chronic and daogerrus torn. What ie often...4y rmolrod in pooh rvses la • remody which chill ltd pleasant in Cdto and vffectual m action, without entailing any interference with Menem permits. Such a remedy is Nereid by 't Cidi•crvia Syrup of if,m." In all cane of habitual nomina- tion, hiliousneen, indigestif r, demeanor., end lone of appetite, alifornia Syrup of Figs," in confidently rec..minendo3 To maintain a healthy habit of body, a pure, natural Ingative medicine a "monied, " California Syrup of Pigs," admirably fulfils the purpose without inot,hrenioare or discomfort, end in the shormat time ',mail, " California Syrup of Pies," naturr'n plemant lacativnis a drliciron extract of the Strut ripe fign, •ith an ,x, uloot at milinntMn of plants whale properties are medicinally laxative, sod act most her. eficsilly. Whilst Ming most pleasant to the ;Watt, on action in mild and gentle. but prompt and notating. It acts in harmony with nature, cleansing the rowel. and antis, ing the natmal fonct icon of liver, alibi, a,and bowels, without any of the uncomfortable rime. and weakening . sn well known to Mow M the hshit of taking ordinary pills nod perptureft. Its 11^^.1 are permanent. Of all ch. Mien in botilm In 1). and 2.. si, Simply milting for o Scrim Fir " won't do you wed arab toe" California &nip of Figo," and ofte lbw a,. get it. Every yeckagi of the eosin, home the Item. and Trade Mark of he California Fig Syrup Co., 32, Snow Hil,. Lomita,. C.

• ohorp free, necrunpini.d hy a ruttier wind. pee- ,std throughout Al.,dar niria, and Tueadar wrnieg great damage owe fr.und to hare been routed to the i note° crop and fruit trer in Cl...hire. The etrike in the 01db atn,flrfli trade was ...Wed n faraday after, aim, weeks` struggle, the tinployer: excepting the -Anil terms.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18970514_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
/004 Boogs, M 1Z ES ETC. I TILE OC \CF. AND T ITan U len of prevention that is worth a pound of cAnacm, AND l'o.—PrinCipal among the publica. cow iio 11 en in lime that MI•n• nine i—wo all (eon, ti.. for this Mont 11 or'- I..rta 1 & 2 of the " Itoyal'lb. a,'.. old co vt woe.. r comtwn•l died. Act... in; I•lia 1100, w111.•1 nro e•at y• looked f.er- yx to • thaliy, erang alone outlet fl •d, two 'li-' With m•ne • 11, n',..•••••' °I Inter 0•. net wito.or few. the bumf.: c that en, 54.0) r.•. Year atter or i•,..re. Cle.ndire Ye tn:•.•t havo 1.,.',1 • I:e “kllOlll. ao the , mt m rm. mio Iv. huelltug • are weld, firnOtt period rept, tett"... .".riemY ever • may 000 troy throw.° -and it,,,.,, wily ill,. ht Tho placed before the puthl••. hoot worki hater ht. novor 'ward of the ounce of provonecon teor n• of thy' IV in 10,;;;•;„;, and eeielpt!,ro repretented the ante i.. tun, And that motet, 14 1,1 poop.— e in it,. page., hut dm -cal. Upon who, the plc, tweet ! an aro won't c.ll habire—thst hove on proctical are prooo, I, and 1110 aitu. rile ouch 'boy aro knowledge Ti the ounce and the leech ; what Wiwi he roodored, givo an aloe of Ihe cdigino I ouch an canl ? p,t, who begin to ttiod thew go be gnittod trom 11', '")'m "t I laiir baloro 4itting Pt or Winder/I teen ?An 1 tho pr•n- paper 1. twyg to 11,- production 01 II" work, Wed . the Plod rapt' t Pecosoi yea are ..5.•••.-..nt tastoplos I. pit,," ~,1 nopanntly to oar! ea,. ! Woy of oh,. .4raphy, We are to ni nrer lIUiCIII 11l the rain with net umbrellw may ;1 At a the. p•rto 3 arid 4 will Ato be iamled I I/encore den a e11ee.1...,..ntry 011011 0, ',set idol; our. n,„i flnns..uel.liing 0 tocial plate of Ith ine:C.U•t ke ohms, of E bean./ P What 01 Smutty Aft orinion : 'Sault., • le • k," by K. J. ;AAA, Gregory, if.itii`Picc''' •• gp to thoatinitg 1 1892,- mad Mr. Wl:haw Coder. rent number ~f '• iy,a l tue ,fA ,' i mmenc. • ft tie-v 0, foho,. tv-01, lot health .41 altar. lwen al In fl'-,! I (Not •• t•• \ teethe, ! We, Nr,•ll,y man. At that time • <Waage coma up n "T 1 !Carta," an Ih .0.1111 , re- On' illl I ...Pant annoint for. My v., produ., of'' A t coy by to. la • rani floater, ' tioo ...ea.., to two mama away ; I felt lauguld,low, a.d PACO. T 1,.. par• .einlk• Will all tw".• e by the tell- iodise...l 1.. any kind of lalwaw or exertion. At the to on the Protident's tvh•o. ix fully Mow pit of in< stomach !nen. woo • hnfinn,lo•lnin, tim ".•••‘•'.. 'h" arid after Bann, addil.l ho 411,ni OW pain W g-illortidn cow id At lby 14;,te1. civet, trowel •en tontinuo for ny wan hour. 00;00. ;;,,, n;;;;;, a., en ge0,,,.•, ;4a !wing draft my ;., , ;•;;,An„ m II had. indent, w touch pain, that 1 emit scarcely Cont•ilt•iteo on 10,1•••• on Is nil, which II nobble •in KO. ,cri. on with wIP .00 0014 ••th i'lu .1 rated by Mr. Full.,Lave.t I • a•bt-trial Art ! groat .I•lbcalty, 10 Oh,, nanditton 1 yen, all throne. St ;;;s ;;;;;;0;;„1„ mot. nll,l " '7. It 'kit.tan the soled -r. to A t•ett, a lady (rant Ito, robogo Collrft lOU of %Voter " !ii.• ', • 1011yAllta- , ham called tt my hide% and I toild Oar Over my tratdl articlet• " h "," • treuttle. Sho Iwt:•nol o toy account of tor t t I. ebny ee, on tit. •• o (ha ninn nr," yam atoll be nit..e, al lent a rot —.• „ iota of <PP. 10, aa all my Joh, awl he root,i oTh,. her 34 "b'''," end "The 1:11 • •ic.•. ot Art." —and Poen nald •ir w are auffaring from itchgedt bit help to //stk.- 11l n pert of unw•to: • ' A now to e0a.11..11,5,,r1 I n't I 14' I, togni ix an- I "5.,. ...awl., 101 he mentioning a ,Ilediciopi 110111oe'd 1.1 nornh, th .• ooro wit h ••i d :taro •n.. 1 a a bottlitaend after [shunt •t noto,,rout titbit'," Pr.": fo.* All 115111 loft me; ay Invents natorned.owl The jd tea' • ' - 1.'1" will tore ictli awl trnhoton returiiM with it. Bowe Xti lie clover x Mon. when tio lc,x lb, "aftlo Victoria ti nom, 8,,,,ne will ho gi ton ow • • 'II Meentje. I ot Iloilo,. Aft eibeeo tegr with a wiapia -.home. At tro. •041 Alen b-en eipped ig the lee,/ by the rafted, the bay jawed tact', largely incritaxoti 10 1110 pages •,r ..: Ile Polka of ! woo -/ •ea; .0,11,00 , ear e, I. Km..., itAA,s. 1,0 n„,l oim•', " g •• • 04" - C.. lo 11- unvon•n, Nano, 30. 1883 the la tby ...... ri /1X1140,11, ••• of e goo,' • ... plc' ur. • ea. • hymot •• d dog serial ! c Bt• U Ottwood. He is a ator, :. :_1 .; ; ;;;_. !;1. ; A •,.;!TI tlotey ;0 ke Ala: el :II he may n.t liven to•ly real,a 'ii ;,‘ ; s; ; „„A, ,„ ; • ,t di,. I hit 00' rirverth.h..•. ohm W.,. rd./ r it.orn of ;an rilz :11 r0,.1. lltne lanl n kle ,r Yost% It it m▪ ar., ifl , .•/.I°l-W0...• 111 or. • 4,1 oadinr. Fr nenfe the hot ol 0; attte!.• 1/.1..W" •h. 1 !di "' i!.•!•,.. o •loyo no Imo the rho, foto of ehroole dye- the oratncipat bite of the warn••n - • toldrets--4 ; ,;; 10,0 0 0. 4 10,._ k.d i.. ana India from the et tlo of the oorai, .tr.,igo eyttem henrl • •I'n, ant .o wooly wt an id e plo.lolonsaar Dot h h•• t• (Panel' " and 110 ••I',. • 'e illaffMlne ; t,ecorning con•umpiim.rn otwndt in 1 thousind• di • cydy cenoth annonney neonth of celebratoonn. in Haghind oi the re dee/. Loot nannatorho at trot had I toe-TAMA site CO. -'The overt, line, of" A noon,: <dna tnad •• 1.. it rarent.ar nine I it a little ttoofewerin " by F. C. ['dill'. tato°, of iio• tooth of Indigo., " Poi In 1.00011 nf 10.11 earl. tro,lcol and woad to ',NUT • nii•nni`•' of • (elite the burning coal, on the 11 •nr, the wend I,Alt in arly thrilling chants, or, haste...l tho 'ltottom tie, licit ;ditch.. hot gyow ky inn ordinary •piando of a nehlkONltlso 1.1.1,t0rp0nt.14 I 111 till gory it wrlt ton hiograph tool form WWI t tn.' :ition it ,•1. whole" nonfemeion " 'tie. not take more than an Then the dart ot 1113117 : the I.lollla a;;;; blur to read, hut whit. it 1.00 It li,. ere/ding. By fee,: the horrlion 'lewdl b.:Mech.. ahi ohre ham, ; t•,,. running-sway from 114,0.0' tchool in Franee • girl get bl klly but cortato wetting away. 0,11 the nu lin of tisi eon e• pleng,,tmt..'l..l^", dritenton'ti reordwd, and pain u,illfntaai.Th cogitator, which are not ton impr-dbable tO he •• ...raining to Ohl priverne tel Ilkn g4l leaf ; they am hart:Menai tlO tes'itic Mc. " •'"‘ pi n•••"'' fn. tile wisl-dn •tf the rep -neon, 'rig ono t 00.11 ho otpitodo Wh nth he relates , Ito- •worr of prey -Wine and the stitch In Mow! Prevent unity ctod and flnioz. Goma. Bowan AND CO.— lb-. ,* ,nan Davie enr.ir awl -no ttnnla P d tn., hurr, no teem likely to ditappoln: ,• 14-en of the ito -.011,0' the a ; erred the lerrinning of era. "Strand'with his new wrist, "Tb' (rage Iv of the Cease to trfl .ndus tholzo. 0,1?,' appoi ranee' incotko," snitch Pawn< thin month It, coon. Mt of the ratline: .o op' ,ma of Monate—nearly alie•ye of (.‘n,r(sr footman ho int rodheing 111" tIP 111pm1 Wm' the dt,whon -oak, M 'tile! 11•12el's Corttwe Syrup .0111 P0r112.1 <tott. and ate.' irn iii"" in be thankbel U a r. Irrwood rr .o you dud the the m clowncterittics whi..ll trawl emily afford „„a„.., ;•A •'A A A matter for entrartring Mann/VIVO. WOO, is ' pitched in control Drop!, •1,••-h," enough of the story hat, been di•eatmtaal to ,n. k- one deeirnao of an early Donnie( it 111. ourceed nt u,aptert—The May "'lnoicti Magazine" omit', t bing,phipa ..Inoch of RU1411.400. and other tic, ter of good quality. Tne. ore <ix songs (onx it plantation COCCI, and like numli, of tiotrum Anil solos (one of which it for the heel). MACMILLen AND CO.--thysivh -•• 1 aria Mg., SOT' We works publeohe i in the ..f 11;0,00,00 Standard Novolo ix 10 101011. "The •ont a Awitt- •nl" In' for children) i• hod Anne Thnckeray Ritchie nonillion c !wiry intro. doction. 141 n eats" It in hard to • .Ire a chnicx among tt.sit charming and low do. t +rise. They open like fairy taloa, recounting i triple diction the hidoriei of widow,. lining In II !dy cot tag, With asonluout devote I littlo moat, A le work in the garden and coca Motle7 to carli,•• op the rent." Chris II sminnwl'a na. rot Dina ore en s-hled rhorre toll. budget of pr'bty otorieo •A r • of t i molt airfields in the tiaqtkinii" Koval Family Of Greet.," by Ben}arath Nheeler, all "Crate, the Inland of )isrobl," by Dx.netrios Bolo- ;lot Asko. it tint-ton! of Athen.). ,%!':t dealing hi 4- torically with Cr.'-'. 'hie latter nook- It onion with Ones' so the dewed, hope of at,.' Cretan% and seers that tho iol iis 111 indisputably milord to be united to the (book ktnadotte. Both &Wining are Menhir penatkotetow. and do not fa,l nln.trtlrt an setll am interest.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT LIICiTO rIP.ItS.

Dr Williams' Pink PM. not like ri einly. I and their off•ets normsnent N,• :int elm is so prompt in puffin, up the 1ti4.001 when. •do roma tom- porary dopreasion or otherwise, four a needed. Nut are nor merely as a tonla. n.or lisoo cured retdrothan In tlmutionA mama of Mtwara .riene from as inmovevidied it snt.l the Mood, soak I. Anse nia, pato and salon complexion, ceno Melton.. e lerol muscular deprewion of sums,. Mx of id a Ito, palpita- tion of the heart, shortly.. of breath. p.o I. to Um hack, natant,. headarho, tas of mom rr,oarli emir, all Immo of lomat* wealinows, herons, panda in, 1...-oinotor ataxy, rldpirnataisin, 411,1 ale" tor Arising I r,n si•istel Mpirmni in tt• t 1,4, which rouses s rof ut 4. rickets. hipd dm d .• used. ehronic ery.mel in, evinsuniption of tin. b•lv- not 1,50,, nwv invonorate tho titvrl arstoni wheo broken down by overwork, wrrr. demise, rice.. ml ndio- maroons ot mine. Th... pills am not • mimes,. melt- rim.. Ph.', contain notiilt g that atoll -.fore the Mlle dekiette oistvoin They avt .limetiv i.. i' hi Ind, which becomm rich ant rod, and ontarldiro the varimw wan, atimoiattnr itoom into Retire, in the wrlormanee of the, rum-tom, mid Miss eldnionting mann front the rm. are iminufaeturod by `l.• Dr. Wilburn' alerticino C•mtisny. 46, Ild bora vt, London, 6.C.,1 and am sold br chenivna oretywhm• i• • 91. • km. or oh boiim tor 134 91 . thee mor • " nmit Dont I'S. isty we ad 1 r ill,. genuine p. • re oil? In oromlen bin.'., Omit •wo in 1..0 I, with • pink wrapper with th • foll naive. Dr. 1191111..mi' Pink MIN for people. printol in rod, rho, an, never wad in or Ivor. vion I i 4,4. a Ilfi sop rival, who ode. Bub. stitiiten In this form I. trying to defraud vou,and should I, avoided.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
81111. CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TKAPPir. During the wank end-I Yritin. Mat 7 tt.169 .t'atgoing carp- resaela, r.,prewntint: an tiggrrgat nut restate...A tonnage of 52.626 to.fl arrived at and . ailed front the port if Ilanclanater, se etmparett with 182 arawlsof 43,167 tn..; in the corresponding wnela of last y. tar The arrival. Itom hire'sn ports int-lo led ire Str-san. ft laden with thither, pulp. k from the Riffle a steam, an I a forgo, with itysts from Canada. Are steamers f,,,. the Caatin. ant, am. Path from Ostraston. Ihirriana, Alexandria, and ll...trail, and • hat.tw laden 'with reeln from Savannah. Sin attranntria sailval for the Kanto, lur for tha Clntinant one to. If.. Vairnria, ea fir Bognhav, and tn.. fee the Brawl.. • • titaagow A large ears., iif. malt staighlog ahoy' 4.0(10 •••ns. loft the Canal for Claitta- ,ng in th. .tity A Fl. it SUNK IN nit: slur 6561, On sun/ a, eiglito4eh.the fit It'll Rear, C ant ain J met, tel inging li the Salt I'M.. •, Li nited, lain at it j ty‘l.isr Marsh- Ile', iou, R.ine,rn, hi, .1, it her tn., itinity. cpgg,,ina a aaago of pig iron for Warrtn,that. nit.. of divan. will haw, t..tp procitrad row. liar. She is tn danp water, I ,rtunat•ar Oen, all trania.

IMI.11•1111, WAIAWATIIIII TIM 1,111.1,101,. NAZAWATTUR TV& Th. OA. Minty nit.l A,nr.. I. 1110111 i 14111.1 N, A (TIVIYANT

5. Ilaraenarket Stl C, e.. 1.1h.a• Wnrr.nitots it la ,ve th.t akn..t.-en he • ore been 1,1110 catiweetinn with the the 'e'er at th,. ,n4e,. :I lead the lot- of Man. led the mite naT.tay lquad the elead tv.rlies II where in p... tune indiratine the. theT had t ..vrttalt..n better fatal funs.s while ef.deaw.eiring in the licklee. Sill Oa the open air. MI4 -lill. rti.ea haw, free

to lI,*T• Wi isle• • •••i, ••iiiii oiss used over Atte vette eitilltisx• iit to !. Med* toteltind with posit.. semi. I% • 111 Tel eisisirstir Intsisiolitutiv. It is p:ioos.oi in • sot- , it oeletral quiet sirs, tie ”lit rind It.el, I tisovi to I Ms litils Aeiiiitlt swat.. •as Nicht se •ti itton " 11l oil Ulaialeta. Is. I a. pa

===== 0002601_18970514_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ritOSECTrIoN OF-A MILK DEALER.

A DENS! I lON OP •SEPAR&IPD " MIL.

Before aJler a,, W and Mr. It .I,rt U molt, at the Warring, 1 1i,.. ii PA, Court in Pridas,T Radio). Urit•arita 1.," Wi Intel, war ch,r,rwl won Weise o anr 13, dpril ~,It milk wit of the rosin, de- . mandril...oer sect,.• nt the Food and Drop Ser, Mr J. in Ko wane (Widow.), appearnll,or Pie once. The Tow.. el k (lie J. L. Wnlttle) prosecuted for WO Cur pro esin ne u Cl, It ,-ill that on the 13Lh apell defendant was hawking 11111 k in tie. /Orvieto ol Warrington. lle Wee • iioellefei Villeli•ner of WaMes, and hint., 1,4 I.* monrhs had come tr Warrington for the sale of milk. M) J.nsn's instruction.. • boy asked .01. a vart bulk, w,11.,11 tkr 1110, 21. 'Pio um )1 prier of milk in W.rringt..n was 31 Ile was ant told by de. letident that It Wan Aniline,' milk, or ho • y w•y adulterawal.

M. Klrmlea: You &Beal, that it is abort ot eraam arid not achil, . .

- ..... the Yorre t .1. rk Y.‘u will hear what M. N rt 31•13 Ws. G-mtioaling, b aai4l that Mr. Nqrrtlika divided the Oil k into three p.r'l. nd submitted a manhole a, the snalyatorho em. Ili .1 'II, II e, pivtier Ini 1.88 tat. 120 ,plltor lo•kip! • Cntal .3111 08. I. h•• 1 vn privo,l al 12 nor Ir. of •ts or.ins Mr. Meath. eon- l'111•1.1 by etattns that the penalty tnr lbS often., we.

-7.onttPl eI,II ornrilnyed hvlnw•ctirNnn Bald OW on tile morning of April 13 lin NM de,d.ni in orient No hack ntront. nff Lignriviol.road. Ha ens

;Hine ni,lk fr;v; C:trt Wtt.n.:;•••••nt to IX; an7l-44•117i . _ . .

for • qu.rt of Dol•ndant ssid nothing but sup- nhal witb • quart In 21. Witness twill it to Mr alnan. _ . . .

—• •• Mere 14 p‘rtly •.•paratedilk"nn the. cart.

Inspect, Ninonn deposed tn sending the Mat witnees for it quart of milk from defendant who wes hawking it with • pony Cod earn hetween F.velyri..treet and lever- ' P"-end'4• If.. kept ont of sieht and watched the nil purchase the milk' rhea wittiest, wont fin the defend- •nt and told him he sr. the Issoectorg and that it am hi. Intention tin submit the milk to the put,' le While he sr. dividine It defendant said don't sell it m milk. it kg leg...rated milk." Witmer told him theee combing on liro emit wed OM It. Mr. err..., : D it know whetter it WAS sAll, It.. Nen wed. sa segmented milk ? . .

I..siret, 7V man': I haws tried man before and salmi for • q...rt of milli sad ha told fur. srse sepsr Wel milk. that was win., day. before this It was not

w.. hi. servant. What is the uaual prien• of pure or ear ie null. in your borough 7 Mtn..., 3' per qoart. Yr It noni— rhia man Ir. selling it at Zit Wi•nea.: Y. 4.

M. K • ...he know ef roue t•-n konstlelge knythme of the ihket,ient• ofmilk ? Witnees : 1.1 flt,.h•feee

FOr the &fence 11;7 Knnirle.. said he notired that ‘: occurred rn nf their wr,.thma whether th. cart Ira* 4..e.plrate•l milk " !no, bad twth the cart and . . .

the cans labelled. lie contended' slim that tbey should have been summoned under section 9, and not wetine 6 ni the A.A. 8,11!, hie &fence was that the hos word tn t PCArt Otlll MIA I w Int mi art .1 milk " Thn certllleate showed that they had deprived the milk nf 4 pnrtion of It cream, but there was nn allegation that they added anythins to it. It wait not now milk or fresh from the row. a. Mr N wrtnan tall the milk vender maid tt I sell this milk sa separated milk," Mr K angriest then prodit,,, authority It shots that they were asked ff,r Intik and the h..y reresTed milk. The abstraction n! -ream Insn milk was Nth pb.vidr,l against in sr...ti .n 9. an they were pehtocu,e er und sestlnn 6 wnuld . . . . . . .

have hove drfromat if the toy had atiheel ter new milk. The tewn Jerk , The Inmectnr has taken the aurammta ~at under thn wrung *seta.. Knolehu Yon Mould have asked In no. The Chairman : We mud Mamie. the calm _ _ . . .

Tn. T •yrn.Clatlt Int!mated !hat they vrouli tako pro-

t..i1u%1. •]!•d

===== 0002601_18970514_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMSON'S

CORSET.

P111:111CIION Soh: by all Dr•pm.. 00/1111.1.,n PRI/. Anutmliv

Appro. d ulude

TWML /Lii.i.lllll)Alls.

bou• flr.bor bone. wabply yob. wet.. Alreet 111/I PORW-0111WIT. LONDON. •U . •••• awl P 0.0 ...rod 0.• Com. will IL mob be **a ,O• W. 6.IHOIPWS C.. L'D.. . .

1.1..r.th 13 11. and 1560. Th.s.WOli TI NuN.,WIII•I3 0111011114 Itao-r• repotallo• ors, 3) o-,•• larger non ve.r. • gwd • WA' 1.11/vittl Mie Ptrt. kNrllll,oltO 1111:101.14WICH.....••• Otwows.°W,o-l•va ttrwt MONT. • awe*. , PtWL t •I:33lWAT...ktocof al.

ttly, ejs LIE A GLOM Al

===== 0002601_18970514_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AMD

w. INGTN BANKRUP ITT Coun.

ln*y—Bfr Pr. W gt•trar P.i•igwey. A WIDOWS BAN littUrreY.

I Itzstwtla tinritillg, win rw eerrong on lill•kile•s at 182, Li ...pool .rowl, Warratinton, a tlraper and general Artier, appeared LII utol,tee her that tutaonnation an bank- rate cy.— Mr. Fowler appeared for the debtor —tn, Aseterant Ulllcaal Keno err said fit did not In- t..' to I °ether . lawless, the betaken tier Ilabiatien Were £8083.24, and her &Wolf. £l7 3, ' ho cause. of failure . alleged by beraltrnyt were the ill health vi tierneli and lawny dorang the last three years, she stated to the Offi Intl deceiver that : elle C.lloleoced bu'llitesso sea vesper and general deal.r,ato,ot Übrcu.lB33, wane. capital: Usatonat bar- rig k,llk sty a,cc;ons, ~ t could iii to lien proper i,,i ler apsude ere esti 'nestled her income. Sc' first be I con. aware ttl headvency •botat April, 1898 ; hall clOl5OlOl site.sta se.e • Mat tun, wh.ch *ere ess- ;_ tt r turd so to. 23/ la Oct 'b r, ; 1893. I.•voag the tal .11,11, t..ine .s.Aelt -tie • ,V 1 lo .613.1oeeellie hr tu file lies wee ion. The uss, 'Used erete olhitiht har keen.— toe ca 011.11.00 aluseo.

11•111KNUPPOY OP AN IRON AfARCHOUSKIII,N. Watt., tile ot 51. L tardy-lane, Warp/win, a warenimetnao in an woo work• epoffefed fro b.feffte m °infant wey.—Nr.irotter (A...natant OS :nal fi▪ nentvii) tite es•intuaton ot the .h.tit ita 1 ue.n Chord, tur. ii rmn n rife fpeof4 In c..neetbim,e ..1 141110.14 a dirc.,f.e I to ton Official Whiny, 11000. Inn annintion.—Mr. lle nne repteibuted the fl tutor, whose li•htlitiel *err £1 52 1, and ha •asetio £55 In his di o...meet to tne oth ml Reuel 501 U.S infiltrupt allege.! ash, Cease. of ..i.i•eurv:—.•r.ie ineurliet.tit retntstiora• tit... I trenln•Al I rom [ uy employerajt ben 1680 to 1,891 nr 1891 an•t coal 'thee, *inch thine me feu of • ((US:, 4 ,nontnn : the high image. 1n.,. hnd to If•Y ei in, ~,,, I oiv f ufrbfwfd semii to tone to piy in) way." tlatikrunt ..irthe.• .44454 t,i the offi 141 H • c flint lIPP lIAPI Pi ver tu busmen n tin 1,4111 gnoppnnt b., to. pain. 18 year. be had beim 1..100m. pl 4 a t 4 on and nand wimulactun, frt. 1880 .0 1891" 1892.0,1.0,) la Inew id Wades, 551. • ton and 1 Stll for Irma:nig awl onvidisna the Hon and itoel nemAtmwred by euenflon,but tied to And all labour; during the pelt Are yeas tie natl rnneived • 113,1 wage 4 5.5 e. a we-k. He wdy 61.4 knew of Ille In. ii.letway eh tu• •in min ag.i.wheu lv ataa being plain it ..y blk er • alt,or 9,t ti, ttn .t. lit firth,. Isad nit enn.raan.l any dr, to 'ton,. 19,1 p,,,. whoth were *till owing. Hoe mem'. o.lnt n 1 1P.,4 ▪ at bad we. been aulfiwerit •t 1 tory ton”..if •n 4 lamb), 41.1 no had had to t.rpolr hum Lir warn...- 411.Wa0l private dents, hipttig lob • ante to repay tn., ▪ •ii r e.ipt It regular w rni., with OP Avy tn. lion? charged by 'ninny ',Were, anti ntntinft a. tut- -206 34. 01., ll'enlnlnni 101 Illn dollr...nc, £9l 8, 01' foe whole of the unaecureet niCatft CI 8 91. fir e an.l Vol. WITS for mon fy lent and 8.••? P I, V It. Inn• fer rpm. teel he Li,. At. •ty 0 hen. Receiver 41.01 .5W.. .rr v ati 1803. SOWv then lif • het orr.f•rtl Irina a emptier ..1 w wee lender, and 110 t/ iron 5 4e4ring ir nri Otte money lender to pay woollier one .4. H. e.ollltl .4y what re or mahlo ground• h• hid f.ir thinlb ~,,, 19.1 lii .:old he tattle 1., pay Inn Mita. Ile hail eulieduled tirrylvit me i:114 for m 'fly (font lif tifertiered inoony from L inn C.kintuthr, lA...fp-Ka, no 1...e-ens.r 15 0,1896. H. raweitr .1 £l5 in ni troy 411,1 tudnAl a prkiniwor, , kte 1,4 £2l. [4l tin .1 applicAtion lir Pp. lim In an. war P tottritoi Ilay. y.O twriered nr are yii n0.....V1t u-ry :In ,411,?*11,, a !witted th•t he wr tte "n.,,' bid li'. hid w• 4.1. ntion f deb Liven. Vu. only JIM. freatlon In. ha., kr In .kmg the itionent •a,, tint he win Mein, penned lir rn mow hy nth, nioneylontlers, anti diat w.v adite in •it.ed ton, to orrinifully atqn flip : for. :PA 1.11. It: W.Ol err tr.. limit by wan mi d•. 11 eel ti thi sweet, lotion/Ind t•tri' •ii We at Me o,lle —At hertowflain loon, 0 i...loin,Harria,Violfe, the Crowe ; nil Diatrint flumnny,and (Jenny. Payne. N. ilendt r,,,. in .iter hire.terd (rim the IM/ern tol Company to I au), .11 -otne •tf riw other loan A-I,4dt,i. Wane-* for. thew adliiited inalung also stetemeofi to wher nrinef• lendant when on ktng 1.11..-1 I eon,' to Mr. Ben woo, I • e•id lb • money lenders in pt.', c.o. benne •nd eri the war, and examined th. I urniturn bolo, pat l• 5,10100 rtp•rt she loan. Nimetinsta ptid 5. 01 , 7.. 6 anti a• retUdh so 10, He tint not Cartier mad Ow (him, .1,1:11 11,. had ptid EZO on • pim.l hn qAt 00 ttie purehole btr. which up in thin away Ilia furnli nee inel q the am runt p•id lln the piano ir worth *boot UM at the time of Ilia bankrupic• • 1.1111.11 t 'epiver 4.11 111110 t LlN!..treilm- ,t,tne•W he te041.1 in. an al wrove.nt. Re would have ifi .and the 11n1114.1 ii Voi.loit anti await their riply.— 'llia adjourn filen, •••• printed.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A.NDINDLER, PRIED FM Dit LEH, AND NEENORDCER'S BUSINVA.

ilra.lbnry,nndr nmiding and carrying nn bald ▪ h. d•ott.urn..• Cut Ihn corn, of ficnttder•rt and 'v..). off Or,ird.lan, Warringt.,n, oh deer and , ri.nl 6411 1•••ly nu...ding at 153. Long:foul-, rePt, Warring•nn, f.dnr.rh- rwiding •nd carrying nn moth.. ; .mm .m 48, Hdydock-atrret, Warrington, and r.a.d.ng And currying •n tb• ran, hudinn. In anc.l.-ermet, Wurringtnn, underd•ntg, hid 6,4 pv11,1•• innuninstinn in haßkruptcy —Mr Ir,Aor in,. dehtor. and Mr. Arthur Brown• ti.. cr.414•4. habil., we dere £lOBB II ,a• hi. se.. £l7 2.. 61 , Inuring • deacon..., gas 8. 7 Th. lailuse 4.411• Ted ho horikrupt t.. t ii 015 cod Kerwin., wore Olin Kith of hunsell end lanhly, and eat...ratan.* in On Ih.u.dehnld. rh. hankrudt &lan ▪ dint he seas j hy trod., and hod followed Ids ttadv wh.t 1.1. grit, hod at.r• th•ll*h and grnragrcavry hu•inons for hlro.B•svlsUntble. in ,r.metvienro of nor boring IrPpt and hrviltd f c -..int to esolAin he hie had prohatAr It eras due to household and pm-nol rspendi,e, a,. es- ▪ rd Inc. du.. he JIM becsme ass*, of his Insolvency Fist Wore Chrlst %as last, and had only r,ltr.rt.l,l in,. d”ldt. Rine. that inv., but ..1 which only a 4, loss no. "clog . ~li. ~.elsirhod household Surneuro to tho .

;nut £lO, allesing it wee gbh, to lier by an •ont It ennaideration n 1 her paying the elp.mose of her r,,neeat in (kroner, 1885 and that I.LI m. 1,14 wny, , hit which ho afieged also heirnend to 'lig wife, ,ean.na,... nowt, pienn„ sofa. pier glasa, sin entire, toilet glas•,grnah. stand, dreainnz table. and Sc ieAn heleead, he private! tresty, to an auctioneer, for £10,.. enable hini 11, hit p.titi,,n Pio uneeeured lirthditoel were £4B 3. 11., Int tenee7 lent sod inter", £lO 12. 81 for medicine and at•en•lane,.. and £5B 15, 7.1 Icr drapery, prnyialnne, elnthing, foe no•eureies held by the creditor.. rev 1, word to be hiung agree .I.titw era.. autj 504 to a long en....e”rnini•ion hy the Aienstan•-011.ial Seeeiver, Mr. flitigh I. aO,l Me. Browne. Ho admitted that he earned coonS wage., and that he had been in the habit of driving not inter the eou wry with hie end teen 11. did set think It. vv.& were w.t" neon ..Ixy or. 0.41 for enrh clue fi otre e• £lO —ln anew, tn Mr. P witneaa stn- let hie 1..38e1y •,, the aaaaa n,e4,f his child. ten. He hot hal Inily of 17 Pie Aiwa. I an, 001,41 144:mane ulred for an *di nanernent in urd tn ni•lte reqtithe se tn the aide of the debt re gneda,en I I the amo.int his wagee—rh. .11 I gran•rei.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A WIRRINOTON fiROCP.WS PIII,I'RE.

o ..... . Tuna.. *imp, lota of 2. 16,1,4.ne. 'narrlnstnn. anon, ond priviunn .1.41. r. opt...nal 1., indnogn hi. float porille exarninavion in hankruntes.—Mr. Brown.. I ~rnd In, thn 4ehrnr. —lll. grow lashalitiel were £194 4.. 91.. and the* ..... £62 111. 81.. leaving 4.41. riener of £1314. 11, 11..1 100., and hal 4 htanwere show.' a. th• moon of the hankropt.• failurn li. hia watrianoo the Amaotant tlfßciol Iler..iver he arotel I that h....arnwinned ....ism, 4, • fronree and prowl.. dr April.lll96 14 the 'one he had Ow, tohien VIOSOOloirn•la ma110..4 £173. awl on orhirb he hat 1• lawn n' £lls. He attrinutod hin 4.6.....ar5. with Irl3 ! 134 01...1m444 osoe4 of AM,. over 11•011,... in I soh% lOC on mtlinated kas on trading, £79 13. 101. ; hod £1 32. 81 ; mrimarnd anl a .nal tflpblib.. CHM: antiriparad kw. on tome., rank.. lion -I oupagt,Ll2 14. 71.1 law.k• .rhorans in eonnretinos orhh sale of po..n. ete £.19 16. 01 and ostintsited for- th., law £2l ff. Nat kept au ither cash nook nog reditnro• ledger. •nd bad goo, while ia anagram *ord. finsamal rywit.on. He 6roo tweanta swan, of ' .montier.•nd hut enntrac•ed .1..10. wen .hott 'ln.. .31.41 awn owing, enving In lastill.ori..n. hnood tonal mat of Won profits. as 1 riodoe.l esiwnwa alv-no that timetav dlselnomlng t a...1e ants The. .inornoret laoh4liai.• wen. (3498. 4?. frw g0n.14 and moats. £I3 10. 01. 1.-r m bor. Ell 16.. 3r. for rl..thin,. hoot. and gas. and /119 10s 01 Inr 51..1 gnartnill In erons-adtsminallon by Mr. P.Wrer. witnow• admittowl ph.? on trial PIIMV•Vr• drinking Ala nswinew hod ooffenoi e4rinnely. Heald nrat think he loan in • Nara of nifir4tinn when he '4-n tn Maneh.-ror In I'. hie hell. ri....-.ln t. • er.dtt.N. doolod that ha had told 1117,... 1301 h.. hal any henrat by oho ha. Irrivev. honne..l £5 front Mr. lioriard to nin h.s had o. r any debts slam ulj itreed in order that On qultina might be mato respeeing a debt honk.

TIMM' 1•1111411.111.11, 0001M—Ikr••••• woe arm. Welles ead ereellowe ledeekaceeepe tad dhoti= •410,.. Poe syrapowee ••• Wes Niroloris• , I rentaet WWI ,be &aft et ea mewed they we wale.. be wekleg.lll. Oliwerlee _.bwe terawele •••••

Irene 1,-..•••• metro, hpe,les WM eeh le beefs, 14.. bee le 10 . tee,,ell "laDm Dep. • Ce. IM.. Netere p eh,. Chelel.e,.. l man.' Dr. Mee1e....1." .1. eeeli els __ - .

• ....... her arS The le bit •e..71m Olvarir rapier by .I.nr lbw bad Da.. or S ruiner. !rho r • SOMIIIM AV \1.4.1.1 egml.. -bah Dr Gorr Krona borer Pbrieir ba I b. ,INOSipla Tort bad isarrir• wiry " Aber am geoid. KW. I bar band ray Oh- ara. 111,..* of um...4mM. brolltK. &boreal kr. of Orr Arne (P. I)

===== 0002601_18970514_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
:E C RAILWAY

CAL INDUSTRIES SERIOUSLY MENACED.

itoeently diwtop,ornleh

:Irport Wig the err.tm of. r ir was ooily prevent"' (torn des, ”,• the goof nee hen!, I direatore ..f the Lon& 41 • Company.nerhap• the larg, r: •ra,lon lathe woriol. A rep ,rt, ear,- -of the "titneltport Advertieer " ' rotate ty men during that crisis- eurioun ,npcll;ncm. 01 orng.• and bravery. told him °eau tire Chief actorn in the

Wesurn Rallwrs ivt rsllway

1 mizeal f rewly ..h'* a..il was Ma recipient r 1 Itliareath eacap.a. of aters hy the Inen whn h, 1 vari.ll% •o,.nws rwcourtted.

I - One% I the .4, was nt an 4tl,‘ wan 11.4 to invfoitteafn lurtlfOr. caw‘ whie.ll would have ali n been tor flu.. tofti runny of wi.nnwma, wan unveiled.

rkabla a natal, that h. Ow malt that a nat heynnd holaf hal it edible and uniatpaaoh•

A Ilket at I, ,•• swee •-• ' tewwli. • . rn.wenot. limbo, render work he would meal. Mr caw

*bast eight• en month. ago, Ste. clerk eloplored uithm L. and N.Sif and e 80. Holm ,nt-arreet, El. pdt, Inuntl tinns If the of art writer', cramp, and later on ch Paralysing pain. would attack him in ally in thy right arm and hand, and ags attor Ha had bens told novae wnrk again, and his friend., hming almost without hope, had reluctantly given as hnpelnw.

. _ Y know," p',hies informant, ‘i it wits • ease of lociiiiintor ataxy, and thn doctors low thern hay.. been can of hie sort in Stoclip , And how Is he nos, f' thn reportnr. All hut wog, snit working as snill iss ever." wln On astonishing 'whir.

And 4111.0 ea.ingli a few days later Mr. Greenly/lid was nolute-1 out to th• reporter pr, weeding jamitily down the ateps of Heaton N irris station, on his way horn, from work, and looking an Illtle like • vier.. of 0/14 of the AVM, s•rirms nt digwoory tilt Wit poa:hli.firtfly loan to look. The taws IA thu reporter re investigate (lather raid nine evening fir called opon Mr f ir•in wild, finding him ...ale li, his comfortable clout by the nivel& with his trinity •rimed hint. f• was taken shoot eighteen months ago." he said, in reptyto erg-Pelee, fi with ferrthie pains all nye, me, anti about tine time last year (March) tiler grew to bail hat weight minting! advice."

•,... • "...-.47uiTi;;;;;linLcrocnuo,lng your mymptorae? esker' the retro" me. _ .

Well,- look in Mr. Green.. o 1, he .1111,re meg "neroeint inn p.m. wine, •ar Om; tri diflnront parta ol tile Pods, somichnes in on. part. nteetimen in another. Ni, lit lot tha us. of Ins lenir, and h • got so that ha e-eaid n zn ea. all, When hi. • 4.11.n,f si snored (rem side tr, silt Idle • drunkon man, end .4 • •,••••., e .urs, sometimoa at on. and. If Ch. M.... Meat, Nom.iint sat another. fle dared not nemu detest or no npottire evues. and often when he fiat put out the • tnt .0011 it. anshin to gni his gm' to the hed, Si pueerless was Int to control his baths in the dark. I hon may tint, bad to help him sena. the meet to ocanent labn hurting hiosso!f seri malt, against the fortd•a.e." .

v.-. ' 1,1" (11111. andn Maga-tad itemnlaire." M.Grodilw.dari. i• They teld 1,19 I IV* suffering tam ,•an ,• d ataxy, nal tlwy owe do the vory faintest h pa fre,adyery. I .at to Lmerpont to • lanapotial thdre, and ttv, do,ithr aolo4 tn. il I hart oda. steno. I told him I hdd diaeone with inr. and he toM I taw !sever ,ro Alone. espamally do • railway ]fl eever th ...whet+ outside the dd al'or dark, the ddetdir elk! me.. . . .

'''',l:nd".•;•re you working all Ow. Urn. ?" alkei tn. ,pnrt.w. 0,4 no, urine,: I could gram') nnthing dimen- -410,111,11•1 0, gn *rout wt' king 4.1-k, and Inhibhia pen n. nn irnpos.ibillty. I wa• away In rnnn,llt, and ton may bn more tbat nne in Inv eirr,trn- atanc, and will., faculty t. annnwt. inl4, tee been wore nil tn rental d ling &Ailing for that Inngth ii

• - And whet did rai do?" '• fedof Dr. woli.me Pink Pill% for Pain People, en.l I Int,innyn.l in try 111erninn4 I .Ihl with 111.14.11,i. .I•tenr et I.,.inrp.inl VII me I shiviii ncr "yin .1.1,101•ri:k." And now—?.. . . . .

I Iv tn wnrk every mvning at Rep n'elnek,mn.l b dning I m ,rehs—wt.l I ..... rah., a 0,0 E.. 5.14 eI rrai ?''

Intetp mail Mee. Greenwood. " flu Ileed 1111 e en had et night thet he ennldn't lie in bed. at toy a •iine he ht. meek! d ,ernetiim 4rvilit tile fire, preferring to mit her, in hie Mode to maturing the misuriee ant pain end elevplemnea• in land. Many of Mr. Oreenwond'e railwey friend,li., tem i. mono to the srpvierful change that something foie ^flee, in hie emilitim, and he neighbonm, who maw him when he could not veslk he.. yard. in • it might lieu. ere Monoent uvon the marvellou• improvement that has telt, pl,e. ehlerileed MI to the early hletary and emir, nf hie rruilki, Mr. Greenwood Weifl th•t in early life • roping mune hod fallen en his bead, tow corner ~11 . onturnir the 'ikon. and forming a large oper. wound at ho,k ot the hu id This, thn doe.ors: std. NO 1,111110141 in injure to 'he spinal rulumn,and this Well elle primer? offolo niche lonninotor Waxy No h 0.11.1 of rum Wee /I”id net to Mr. Gruenwoml. thoneh he was told that the pro. Mem of the dlmme might nneupy ne.etSt year. before proving Wel. Mr limmowneere rerntriteh,e earn him naturally mt- . 111 i • good deal nl arreevinn. Ineomertor Arany in • Innne of peimirmie which wm iiremv• regarded ait incur. ide. en,' Dr. Prillieme Pink Wills mired wee's' ranee Mr 0 rfte.nt flmiton Nnrris Mtigion.whokintly permit.

the nohlms;i of his hsitimeny, writes : " Ifeersefinwnisood, 80. Belroont-itevit. flsaton N irria, ono of our Merit. in the PnilineSslog dspsirtment. wigs.,, from do!, sis soonthe with lo,omoror ataxy. 11.... treated ho t,y I,ffsrent donton.and given op it Ine.urthl, DP was persuaded to try Dr. Withains. Pink Pdli. The lint his gawp him. slight rshot rho. ene.iorsged he nonOloued to take? thron,ind 2radually After Nation thaws four months he his doriss.is still It work. and (seas very litsl• the worn.. This is in itself • wonderful pure,. he took no other merlicine the whole tin., hp was aging the pills. I Too pin mike wha. initial l•k• of this."

iER. FRIDAY MAY l4 1887.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JUBILEE CELEHHATIONS AT

WA ItRINOTON.

LATKIIT PARTICULARS. We understand that the Corporation hive intim. ter' to the authorities that th-y ire attars.' to °flit facilities for • pros...Rion of Friendly Idwia.. 0104 and Trsde Powieties jothe T nn the tr2nd. of June Aersnuenients will be wade en ISO issoid say el•shing of the arrsoutemen's in roimeetion " '"

_ With the nday itchnole Fit far rharripriona promirel to the Inral C.1..100. • hait4 are awry mall, mid mile.. tnt puhlir tome to the araioanee of it. Corperation many of the tontomla cannot he carried nut. Up to remoter the awn of /19 hail but he-n cloth- ham,' for the treat to ech,ml chillten, whieh ii kVA sheet no tench S. h•• teem promieel inwards the roe of the Mayne. wirtrait. At least £llO will he reqeired In provide a eittotatinn grant of eil[Peheil pi...echo's, Moly /11 130 41. ha• been prommel inwarla the rot ot the tenomieti methls although they will roe at Pao /100. With reward to the promeeion tI chilileo, we •aileroe 4 tb. tie arhalam will march in feint of the T iwn 11.11, not without .e.yi.g th,ire the ripe Intone. ago they will prim out a• apporlily lan pro•ihle Tin. polire will be in 'charge of the larramirmeet•

in owl, to enrnplen thn corporsln Yegnlin Mr. If .nryThornt.,n 1Ani..1.4,1.1 to plirelion •wor.l, will ificrnaw hit gift amonoy valuoLi /201

ICONVINCINO PROOF OF TO FFFIOACy

OF ROMOCEA, WRIfl Torrnri TIAN Aror AND snortiss THE

I.4DY kKAU him nnneh ”I"actrel,,rirnam.,l Int

17.;;;:11.1;r.:: 71-;::7;a1;1; 6711;1:17P/7t Owl Or •••.1.1 11”111.4 It in the It Ms 0.11.1 v *l..**lll. .1 111.,..1..1 *. I .*:11-11,11...•

fl+.l__ RL,.?I W.k. J%, 9h.1334.

Nth T •••• -• I Inlve usni tfunkornt • and 1A... i/ • 1,01, *nano tenth POI rte.,* nrolons •,1,1 • naans. nrn Wont. 111 I lb. wintt tenentaltrys sit if lIfIIIT It 4T RILT Iq. NP. inr•—•• • 11,...,41 I Inn Into Inn nnnot Ittn.lting sal nelnuinne nononnl Ma nnotann ann. %two. It Is On. Inotantln rnnlllyinit It ettwo en ern, Inn Inntatlon..

il• IC rum VI. th. %ove Itoltlktr,rlt I n I save II It Is •••• Wt. • vt.n.t.wrltt. 'te.or tt stat.rt.e v. 4 tentslat4., ann n'rtltio! IV .14 T. b. wrlth.l.2

I V.T VItORML I 111 bury .4•••0 L 0 40.• gays It srwh nnoroyartiol• •••11r•Ilen Ith•o•40.10 11..ralgla lb•l •tr• or. bon b••• 1.0 nt 1.• llo• •••nt ',MOW 1, ....I.lby .4 .1.0., 11 I • ,1 b. N• • 11......•••• 4 b•-•••, ursaryag !me 1 OW •4•40t01y IC. bed tboy %to ••••I U. • 444 1.1 •• saMpul.le Pne• 744 •••• 4 ywr lob, (I

It the Lennon., Pence Comet, Toml.y. lames ththith tree Med lieb tr. • =mate' tnioeteethentht I. ththt • tont. thins Yowls( to the Unit Ilbst4 for tho pothole of het, .ad John Banton and Ti.-.... Pr.- o,tt teethefah Anon (5 awl nolo nr 111 lapt. The ett. seelmr.t..Ath the Nu 111.. miliedes of nee would sot ..'t.. • tletertent he I othld h•••ts lap* Inthreithmten without the ogthth eta lea

llrsc,jas i l'ltA 1. Warmer Frittgene Ths r•rtnigio; iy 'meeting of rbe Ruiworn Rural Di. riet Civil, We, het Inn Tue..' ay sr. 011”00 at Dation Workhowie. Mr. I. Mein( yen J.V. pre- sule•i, and there were aloe prewiv, Weeir•. 3. Komi.. emit-chairman, Admiral Parry J.C.T. !tarn- I too CC , iii. William., W 0. ward. W. rickerina. J. Weir T L•wic, T. Wright, T tMrlioiF.in, W. Bradfdri ; on (elerii) 1. F. (.lePulr cleric), Riegle and swint.oll( turvoyor.) sad Farring- ton int.-once iti.ce, (r. g sssrs. lir...nail sad fluckton, eolici tors, Wsreington, writ.eg on behalf ol he It., R, Greene'', Rector of (happen- hall net • Warrington, stated that in the pureusnce .01 tII, I; e`• At 1880 section 8, sub sectien I, sty ell. 1 thel a rirmai notice of tee intention or nos ill portion of the all,. 110 to. 8,41 ?h..). (I he s.illeitori) Would be glad if the C. emieil acknowledged the receipt nf their !leiter. —This 515 ell this business of public inter- ! est.

Stoecb. ,QUALITY

r 6 -v6I-Piti-016644;4ri1.

uIITRiN Fi'.T4Erf REDS

30- 376 M.P. 3 Double Ned. °Miter 41 3

8

TUE W IR IN TUE EAST.

Tint EVENTS ~Y rim WEEK MONDAY.

lireere aritipepa, tape 1•1411.44 1 th P fleets by ortiP•ring the Plitt...rod pl. her ,rp,pr Ir pm Crete, it tnop, thmight under the cattionnanp,a Intter to Patti. flee the island it.,, forth,. imperil the kinchm. The military Olin tien in °tee, .1 prhe,Pelly heog-d. 'the erpnrq Prince with the Creek arrny in an Oppro•pire, toirarpin minch piece the 'runts Itpre no le amine. Fr Pm Pipar“le. am, ea! Sin Plempky ban retired with hi. brigs& from Ilalniyroe to the pax of rtmtpi nit

'Outer's spncisl n,.r.resonnflon, annds• yrsp.lie account I ~ Th. I roptiluld Lim Yorks St ag %111 An 114Il4 Is. until Ibmr annum., i In 1.. :so to tail. an .1 Isrite Turkish rnialnrrementr. at II art t a. r. brought agsinst theta, •riwn hO also r..r415'.10.1 II yiyn any, The rntrnat to V pi,. is d..,-rit,nol as rn•nnibling the nt the rot rye 1.. LOW.. 1,0,1 ass Alow,l by • dis. ardor!) Flit.

Althamh nisacCiatinn• Sr. it 111 p admit tete. en Greece soil the pr cmccre I hem.. are im- proving. The P mere q arc Ihn.Y.lo withdraw hoe tempo from Crete...crept Ininally the autonomy d the ishind•and leave the wv.l.-iovit of barna to ties P., sere without nacrraii 0. rnr.,flt,tk,..,,t,.Uft,lfl,Ofld, have en,or will tv,avio.n.• I, undert t erre sin condi. tion• not vet explained. Ancording to • eennoilli 10 polvialied in Para, tiennany, n Icarnote that the ((reek Govern- meht had given assursiwes that it w osid faunally adh••re to Cretan au-no nnv, instructed the tin. • man Minister to A,ll t.i gar. act,re PP the rff 'rt. of the P. win for the cone/n- -eon propos. An A.hena grtm, however, c.a. that the Ilermaii Mi..1.-..r J ii..,,...... receteel them a- otructio.. The Turitiah coal itiona of peace, an given he the N Pa.o. .ea:-3. An indemnity of £3OOOOOO. d. The re-irratigement of the Grin a Turlioni (antler at oliff.r.•nr p vnta In Tamely end Elam.. 3 Tu. ~,r'.t .nt ..f ailec.l treaties In lave. UP Greek sold.eta. 4. Ta. re.sion 01 the Grab ironclad nq oulron. 5. Cretan air be reatricted in fav- our of the Porte, forkisti r•contrilwancem continue to be made in the ollnaction ..f It rook, sat an impirtant engtgem,t In expected th• ahnette. The Crown Prince tel./v.1.0.d tap sin I were heart (ring towards Ral maple I iftlOrld danolmisit• ••suponeed to he cecopy• leg Om. unarm., vldvittet ot agency message refer. to him as being a P 1,,,11:1. • 0,4, ilatanc• Prom Vele.- tinn, which, hnwever. is I .n Or I. kelr einar for the purpsaca of • r0c,,n,111.111•,n. An Ath•dir (' •rreepondent says then are 81.000 n• in children In • dreadful condition. at Non did..a•'• sal fldus (awl o•l,Walfing for atwamers to tab...loon ear .1.. An 11alian colonel with • thousand volunteer' hoe 4"1•11. for DMA.. WEDNEVIDAY. • t !he ,ii.• (dom.. iverthsient the Mote if the Water. wee 0.0 aoteelle Prevented to the Ore-h Varian Minister tint if early yeeterdat morning. I he 11.11enic II worn:nen, immediately reptirolacceptlng the offer of mall .tomi, Ira. log 011111. m twos...ding to the recall of the Koval tr...., In (Ire,. forinelly whit, ing o Cretan autolloMt, not planing the Interest/. of Om.e*. in the hands of th P The devidon Int, telegraphed to the Ambito i,lor of the P deers at Con- stanthinple, with • airiest that thew ahoold mate mprwentationa to the Pet. wit, • view to 111. onmation of bole in • prrhm,n•.7 to the aa- elusion of peace An A'hena corruhondent says tbe majority of the P deer, li to • givm Wig the term. of the treaty nf shall tin favourable to Omen. Tho noes ho• teen reeeived at Attune with painful retigadlon, hut without aPpetent excitement. Meantime the Turks have boon advverine from Ptiusals In two columns tower,. Dezrodto en 1 Itilnivene, the former ocrtalc.l hy Ph.' I, no Prince and UM taster by General Smolenalry. A greet battle was espected on Thursday. In mew of won h the Crowe ranee homed nem:artistica to the trnotovelling on them to defend the mem' mil the lathed.. I not I'. I, 'oar of the King and 'fhouch •numbered he was confi- dent they maid he •hle v. repot...very at(.k of the enemy and shortly Übe t•.• valve Ihinforcetrewte, 2,000 strong, Mending 800 I•sribehlien., have arrived it 111stlreell it qd lawn suffered severely flow, the rain, and the enrianwarlet rc.,rotts complete reorg•niation. Die coot',,i of the °Melt 8.1 1. explained at Rome in the ground that (freer. 1•11 hewn prnnievil the I' serdsl Power. If §..• shdai oaf fr commercial ports. netably thibmira. The Wrier., Squadron h. however, erain active, having shelled • village on the eon ofKr en :on:at:ling loriptib •Pene.

Tilt Althea,l. the (ire, kll •.• k. n... rc.'(4.qc fmedia- ten, by the 1.00,6 en I. 1,-.I by the Amt....att. at entwtentkreatle at an earlr I or to. rends,. the ante bareakters di. tint 1111414 till s.nd.y awning, and • N I. • ... trans, t• •kI hk the Peace and th• P ate in the afternan, ay the littnmaa Ii vpre.• went te have the nee..., k alefl sent the hard. iii the f urkish trap Ind k .• lealhties, kmt.'. reply al at Iron Preempt or. tn • leo hat. fa, new. hat cow front their at, oar.. the Tura. ..tack tree delayed melee apparently in the heavy rain e11e... heel 11nIa lamella, ardent are gent in }Mae Pasha to stop hat,11..., th• lino het wean Dona,. aM Halsey.n, all an data 4. sea, el • MN,. Wank It I. repated inni roam/. headquartal at Plunal • that (Irak ore, an are mak,. al& ad , attempar teat the Tu.kosh bee al Pneonealeattoe bebteas m. soma tat Pere le. • (hark wars., and ton—do-tat apared a Turkith saner fena lab. with •rotpa, roe., ...unapt., and scums' £4,003. The , rite we. ordered Co a takes to the Poeta . . .

floa Powsra luso. •^1 rho. A Iroiralal, Irmo fmaitioa ft* the aaotabrio. t,r 01 U.,. Ore.'s • ...pa r tallad from Ores.. an I to ro, C,. lereek st-asa,rs sal wok*. captors,' during t'w 11, •,-Irs4s Mos i• royaria4 St Atbsna oGnlfying .• •', tel *ks4e of the island ba• sea. rstatd,

10000n0OrYjOnr TIiC2EZ rhrtzioss 'a_ Croat nennollOn In hue to eke COOD Ati uror n Inernughl‘ tin .1 • 4.;• It R. P. NEWHAM Ca CO., BOSVON, LINC.OI PISMIRE.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A L.N.W. RAILWAY GUARD

MOD 111. VI COCOA.

'dr ,‘,111:1.:1. IiKEVVA, (N.A. SW.

. . . I , I been Me to take any hrnalt- 14`• fir .• • , et r010g,,,10 I ,-,,urrieneed tak.ng 11, i•in •a' Vl,7nraa trf in ening out on j I '.1,1 d ,ntny In ,rning4 before I .anted a ..n fto eat with it, and now I Want MT tiplo .f .o.ln .1 g.e.,.1 fat heron every no ning When I ~n ~it ,• 'tor 411% • In an.l N Kultr•T pa...neer euir I. an I• 8, Itn 0,1 a great deal. 1 nen hneently an I - ~o,nor, 11. t, 411y,,0. ea/rally my fell genial axe thing to take.' 111 • ,i,. Pi !• ar, I rot bfa.ive pore,. of Dr. Tihhle.. V 4, b.O reenguiael to La entent hither, 0 .11 -en In the hint ,ty of any preparation. it, ald is rh.it Is &Omni for Dr. f.ehiea• V. 1, 1,1 pf tlrs sir prop•Vell to 8e.,1 ro 411 V in her air, names the Warrington •• Neve., ( piat,7ard rill do) Patnty eample tin of Dr. T. 10.1.... tree •fel poet paid. Dr. Pi miff, up in 61 pack,na, and 91. and in. I. 1..11.1. I, can be ob,ained from all Orneera, Wore, or tram Dr 1191.1 Vt. 1,0rni,,, 60, 81, Anti 82, Bunhill Ito.. I•

===== 0002601_18970514_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
MERIT AND MERIT ..... ALONE

ii-Coco

PROVED 'SUCCESS.

It is found in the homes of Hundreds of Thousands of the people who cannot he induced to go without it.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL AGENTS.

AR/11N'; ff./N. NIATPIIEW HOWI,E9 k sON`i, 99, Sankry-stre.e4. &ILLIA 4.911 E, 107, Mow 1a.41..er-1,.4.1. HUGH PAIRGURNP h CO., 24, Florsom4rhot*tre66. W 1,44. , 20, Muttertnark..l.stc...t. PE 16.9 1.101 LI. 7. 11ormnar6o.t.otr.94. N 11,1,11 9106K6, 132, 8r5.1,..e. k 61, Sankey-et. N. N. I. 61401641. & GO.. 10. ItuttArmal4e4strert. E 11,419 IIIC.I4IIDMON k NIA. 39, Kridge-4trlrt. J 06 941111 YOUNG, V.C.A„ 40,

O. LEAVE!I, 67, Victnria.ntnn.t. Branch, Nantmell.d. X. H 1111.1. 40 nn.l 42, It An.l 1,11 neint bennene• 114, West-otn.., 181, Alithne-or,t, 4, 11s11 Tarok, 42. A to,t-orre. etnNn., 106. N..•ern.rnni, 136, e'en4.4.n.••l, 55 (3'.t Irno.le-aire,, 106, K.nst-ecrne, 2. rdnnnhonoritrent ' Hichar.l 51.,n et. 136, E.llrVon-rnad, 11.,101e•icb- l.t."4' EA IILES TOWN. H. 11. Tor r, 113, 11r.,Kr-otynet

PHOD.HAY. WILLIAM MONK,

NI,RKKI" DRAYWN W.O. KIND • M.Vi. NAN r.i( II BKNILEV AND rool.E.

KNI r.PORD. JOHN A. LE SKI: Ku o. NON rTIWICB. J. WH1.36. Wltton Ntarvet. H. 11. POOL , 126. Wltton-Atmet.

Alt ru u ADAMS, C kale St q.v. WILLOW.

Dr. flbnl.• ne,Y. 61 , 91. end 1 61. P. eso r•b.aino.•ll, In .11 arum", etlfolll,.. • rl,l r,r Irma Dr.flhlo V. • .rom (U. 61,41 60. GI, .6,1 62. Guehtll 19.1 r, I.d n, E.C.

Disarm or Us WicuArt

)11,, Wthiem Mee, the led ...ming broth, ef oUric., cited at ttbeeter no Sunday. %Del 07. Owing t dehente health b• ems compelled to seek a warlow climate. and lived in Remo for many years, leeving that city shout four ream ago, in cunegdence of • sir he of ',scalp. II« will be re- metott•n•l by his '''ri'gr,iititt• of the -Sono of • Waylar.r," mid at ••er work, Optima of which, The Polgrini 'if tie Intim.," as. publiiihod shout Wee ice, ago. Ile &Doc mt.... Motel Di the (pier- terly 11•••tew and nth, niegernee, and iatddy edited Vie letter. of hi, fri-et J team limetbem. lime atteiament • a. en It•lien ecthiler wee. greateepoct- ally in cl••eical Dalien lit• urrent be knew Dante also. by 'vino. When (liti•on, the *cult-Ile. wax Wheel by WO down. at Rome, during ft. lint Manor emeon some year. sin. Sir 11•• lee visited Memel, 5.1" e only one of hi•Eaglieh friend. then on theepot, followed bins to him green. Sot only will Mr tisle, be remembered by his WA., bat.. • eynitottli, it, and ipmerou• fri-nleccordin toil. lamenoVn Inetnnern of tn•t iiwary sod artistic circle with which it wee the plea-ore of hie life to It ....tit aa. •n intimate friend of bia, and thou: • mach of Mr D.••••, I. appall. from . hie ~ioo..het hoot,. If env friend wa• in treonNl• ' or Deltne• Sir M... wax •010 L., hear of .•, an I eqissli veer' iii to he it.. of iii. fleet to visit lied to nose. tied •••.t him. a• the ou'co,itnrs- qizir..l ii wing ,n hie arniOr'. dommotene it inot too mu •h in my that h•• never Ind n fries I or and. ILO re.olJ.

L'Ult. -.VII Kra= 0.4.4, gni Lio.l Fist •lioral,me d,••••, .41,17. 4.-I C•snir Menu molar syr RI. imatew-otewt. Lly•ty AA

===== 0002601_18970514_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU FVER HEAD AN ADVERTISEMENT?

Peitte do sot read Wert' • ornta That 4 'why we 4. e.t advertiew Ina., •• emtply goat* what the we we ger, antl tout..l 44.14.41,... &Pm male( ' '

..apartrnanta. reprre the • anaisloldaut Hem.vtotea dn rum ar asme, toaknomi, palotition, sl.ploasnaaa, noe- -1 amen., 11,11,111111“1. and air, rent,, etroneti, and mak. the xxstorti ate g .r. resis• 0,1.1, and iattuonaa. xis.. state.] t..ot the 4. d rn. ha nineties:la sad HWY. ing tin and, •bay awed that aim petite ahmild asy,,i.l taking hapl is..o sad awl Ole Ir. ' mixture's •tuch arn tri elects Mel the to•th , sad II.) If. tilt S. MCA, %to I both*. When f•wr die ton aim. ia the •av t.y aunt Ile iletnaall. sad raps-rime. prlni.• that are nienatt. Yoe late oat, terine throo troptal. ..s.raitas dayz aad Una oolong

WWI.; rbn.nks •nd hd• 1.1 i•

!compared trt'h o•bat Irmt ot•d.fieml. To. errode.chrvnie Maroon rt 18.11. dlaelmrfoB ad I 'art.,. yoaao, mtailty h.d. tio brat I.ollMee ,•tr•og sad r••go'•• to a,tiare. awl ',boat inorral heath I o .mfl to mat Jo., try t'sr If too am teetile oralg ff..rtfor from ay, .1; foal., dheolo.lor emOly all cloo•••• ate &to to smolt.. or pni Mood. ohleh Y 8 In- w•riably r-o•o•I try talt•eg • , I.,reetne i.p.ln4 lb.. em • • ' sof try Mr J. R Y. ; Mr J. W.J.r1,... ;I. • II•ghor Pary•otroof so I It l•Jho•atf. II !U P•alta.rll, mtat,of R.roat.,we mad Hmetao • per huz,aLl 154 at root leel,pellv !tom* polar, from rho .411 r • Thr Capollokl 31a. &war 11,11. lAodoe. *ad Inc !roe •11.,88m ry pamphlet. -

===== 0002601_18970514_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Ins W•natrarow !.,A1.131150 CirAixrt

An Inquest wee bee/ •t Volta. M.ation on Saturday. ay Ur Briettou.e. ew-toeft en the body of Joeeph It cc ar.ath• old. erne..., o•arent• 1t,..' death ol,Uffr,i al the I r.ll, gaary oo Kedoeodoy fens odd. tlt etc. let... It.. 1 ItO beef cr. Vaned 'bat cc Potord ea atgat. 11.7 Jet, hie wife .eas Ing fl•tt to the loo•ebea toll•nel on frost of awl fire sof the p.reet fIA.I 7 recline tint beadle of the pea sad assert it. 11, . ballad l•qaill lathing oak It.. eatidt oleo wee ...at. I aver tele It.. The child oftererarla died it I. lo•notoaey •• A Indict of °Aetalental death lea! re.atnel.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGION.

A Lan,. .asurs

At the Ur•rpotil Aitemet-CM- it;i7day, before Yr. Jaw.. Si oil, Wultina Jack.on, IS; •nd Joh, aii•n labourer-, arr. heroin. •t War- ringten,:on Cie 271 d April rotitied kw a Cartoll of I 'Maw'. and at 11. e woe lime timed perewel •iulencu towards her. r C din** Nod Ilepe primmest., and Mr. trKoever appeared for the .1. fenCe..-The prwonere wt.* found guilty of stealing without violence, and they were emit to gaol for fourteen daya. HIP AT W•ailtintetue. The new men hivol an cortiermin with the Warrington Diettort of the Inc p..olent Order ef itaticheiter Copy t wet I tom in tii 101110 loom .1 111. I'. trio tim, nut leropirko....t., on H•turdsy toot, and Newell). opened Cl the fortnightly meeting oi the C mat Million leolge,hell m the et etotit4 Nli. (home. o ste. I iire-ieltel. The top boric total pi.% sopa 1111 l iv t tot name aad in_ swots 01 t hi. hider, hal been nrettili egecnred colour...tad hi-low ir are four perpsitita uler Pohlman containing lb, name, in ultl liegllsh tent hind, of the Vror 11 NI iv, 11 flit a ' and Prow. C of the 11 at r lig tin div•rect, amt. mace Ima heon wiaely prototte•l fir m- ooning the nanie• oh tutus. dims, idli .em. i.ir about the IV 53 yo•ra. The yaw,. Iso•ft ashinn hn bean enramil Its wage.* en? trime Engl.ek gold, oupploel by Ile Ow.a, ol Mothorne—treet, a credit to the gentlemen artio undertook it. The enable' offitnr• were unable lobe pronont on Satur- day evening, 111.1 nit . o• 1 sm. Fit Stockton Heath, but the unteiling by the CUM, it Ut tun Ludge etan in enproprial unu, having roger I to tile fact that it Is ht. oldeat entablithwl lmbre In the Wart stigton did/let, and uncut t .10 older. in lanca.hi Al the chine iti-ering P.O. Prtalerluk 'Taylor t. on b-httlf of the lotlge, ittsoottod 0, Jowilliif aleon, (rennet Certificate of ta-rit for hie wri ices 111 the •aritoir offliea ill the . Hatton acquired the cerdliCate, he ('Opel It ti. ifs,,., w .old place it upon 'he walls of lie joe I 11,, and g, it,. upon linen cittotmhminee of old 11.00 ion.. •ff (Applause ) P.ll Wet.. •ultably re.p tin the pritplatt lon of if. 01 Steel, won led by Po. Therailey, ft auto of (aeon/ woe peened to Pl.l. Ta) - Inc for making the yr...int Vide. natlnionll a Mt./Arlan Tan I M tWATTIOI Tea You tell it tu mt. Dainty Fragrawe Bolt Wboleati. and Maw t Or Wania Jae . it nlr LI TO • entle• xi UV.. 5 Honentwatubt 4.1.1 Soriveit I On I lisum. Warriugett.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
/..AaArrin.:!.•mr

' On 4e111114711,1"3,4111i•Ull UOl, lj ,garn romfing .0 9, imp-yard ma* apleuded toil. Mar- -1 nnulnn Infl,mar). nuff ding from bun. on thO I hand. and lane, lb.. m•-uit of a paraffin :asp &eel- ri.nt at his home It. 1. onmr.v.Mu favourably Pnarro•usw. . .

Ile gander, when Mr. nreevt. %Jerklei,. of Marl- ette..., wee the swelter in the Act.tete v•atc-et Temperance Ilell,there wee a erg.• et tendetic • each I time. In the .I otroonn ho eddreeved ni1111,,..0..4 eglience on Looking fleck nerd," reviewing IF. proven, of modern Spintualivin for toe gad. 49 jeers. In the, evening lb. boil won crowded, when Mr. Mork 1... delivered so addree• Oa . Whence end whither," treating on the origin end dogmata. 01 men. Queetione went invited, when ogee hell.. doe, worn dtot op end dealt wt. h. 1,111.101111te MaZtIVATTII/1 TR 1) 1101 Ole Men t Werth), TOO Itterartine latoott, e Cell,. Misfit, del• Mieetee. a atm. le - II SI I.tinn a cliwaqy 1,0 5. tiettrmari, ettel Ceritortal, 5,1 'K. Martinet,.

_ 141,111..1RD 11001, TSWPI.SMs. The weekly geggion iif 8 ...shill Brancli leoltro of the I odep ouleni Order at Goo Templors was held in ii.. Temieirmr:e Hall on Sl..n•lay Bro. r. A. Jetiking, chief' templar. presiding. There W• 4 • era ..1.4 datiee, and gt tin roll rail every offl,er "f rt.a.urer',l orb wag submitted, and proved he order Cu bo ins owi.rocrory cant,', fl, with a hal., In 1,1111.1 of As. Two Cnn.tlistu'i prostate I thristelier for member-al ip sot were dud) mutated The pro- gramme lor the protium roniiiced of a paper, tha twine Molall W.' Ins Br. o Which proved very mill rum{ re auil ere., neg.-- Bro. 11. 11. noise mitiol • tote til thanks t • the ....rot. grit. A. flampron aert indict, end the motion arm •ape , ported by 11. n. Dit..14141, J. Corbett. 11. Fletcher. and oilier., and carried. The eisayi ably ma- pond-d, and th, nitrating rinsed 11 pray, r

I': rut 11.••.—A e-rwl hltno..l? Dab as, as.l In (no lad Jto. emeorlog tilt WWI, ow-m.l et.ll loulars .4 the n0n...1). fr..— &Mee. F. 11,10.. 4.. Md.? Lon‘gi W. IL IllNg,iiu..pg- .4T4 F“r flontiome• Iry Carrl.r. V.ll. 0..

Inn! , • 01.0 6161.11161111 1411414,41041). 1,47 .1164€,,,e.6 Lis 01,4 1.4•• • .I.•l.Wire TUN 11R1,11.111 VY,•1.11 ist:r.wri•Kupo CO.. 46. IVO•l• 1-.,, 'or. ~E• .7 I VI: :Nene: TowLE.sPr,N,Yri.Ai. ILLS <0.4m., amaze" •I E. P 7 Mini., • k, • ..,......,134,11444aa5p0,0p K T.TOWL.a Ow, Saastselorsr.• 114.11.au1.0,6•4 . .

,J 44 t , crc

===== 0002601_18970514_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A BAD LEG

WITH er une. the .11sehers.. et rolWeeeet 6.071171. etar..575.1.4e•1h it e•nee•ll.s2 see level." thot elwe we prow y•,.. II le, t• It W 1... thos ho- se the mew •1.. y 11 ib.• 1 .10•15 14.4 4, • 7..5.4. ye, tetwer r0e.... net g•• • wetting Wee 7.1••••• TN. Peres, wet 1,,.•• sr. ett • wt. tome If ••• re. eV.. 11, orisl., • mo• I oh.. 1•76. ahlre watt tte Name., 71, t. gre,r 5,w wet/ lee e 1.,. 11 •17tee4 le awakens We i.e.,. v., of Ow pee* lo ma, V....., bow atem.l..l 5 .71 • •• t•••• 1• Ih d sod prolops . 4t I -wt, few me toe... tote NI • 1 17 1. I 4 att. ese 5,..e se twee 51,541 leeee Illst. 1.1 to (1 %I Al.llllll 75, F••••••• ••••••,. Letsone... et" v.ll r.e.l•• • 1.••

- - ORA:01111,11TAD DINTUANT AND PILLS. wtaleb • e.. 1, rens.l. I. .....S Dal Ls.. ••••••• Sid.' Kn.. 1/1e••••••11•Anla Carbeivel.e. PoNanoi /14t. le IlltnAuns .

***** * * * * ' * T •• 1.11. t * Bur BROOKE BONDS'.' * * •• • *

• 4..ter• Y 11:••• , * ••••I• • .••••••••, * ...ow, Ile •• a W.. 04.• 1••• I 41( •••••••.•• •••. •••11 all Mal •••4 ma. * ti••• har. a• ...00.• • •••••. Tft ikon mytawf y • lea * * Ave Da. •I •• Ps 41•.1 •••I "an. Ia• *AV * * a.:;71",•-•-••• 110. •Ad * 011ol• • •••114.* * ••• mil .IE7 tI6 kit Yr ea. I ,••••• • ,••••• * 11.11 •vos Two as,l4lla. r 1144.• 1.1•12•111..a* S.nq T 114711 111•711%.17.7:d los 41••••••••••1 4 eh, * Mum,.

ho 7.•1••• .• .1 • • 7. * * igo"lrrt: 1r• Itl '"....11.1• , 17. ••• ... data. . otear , • * * tl; Ili .;1%.:7:1.17117; , . *

;lc at 1/., 1 2 1 4,1 8, 2 . * 24 2 8 a !b. * BROOKE, BONO & wt. * u WM/LIM Ma fa* WANINIOVI.• Air *, **** * * * *

===== 0002601_18970514_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS TiaS LATEST • YOU CAN OT

BETTER VALISE IN OV6IICMTS

MANCHESTER er.11,0113N0 ASO CLOTH INO DEPOT, A k 10, 1101111 r MARK ET-g rxr.prr, WARRINGTON .11.1 OTULY PI.VII IN TINS TOWN. 211 TIM LID EU.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
BICYCLES

BICTCLED3

BICYCL66

BICTCLIZ

BICTCLIS

BICYCLIE

===== 0002601_18970514_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLE AGENTS Fos SINGER'S WEEMS WOLF/LUNA

awl pine rmagn I. .14 all Wallas. WIT PAYMENTS ARRANGED

===== 0002601_18970514_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLII LAMPS, 1511L18, awl all

roachil LORIS 1282141110.

NUMB I. NINA'S SOOTH SIIII:P. Newer fa renew. Pdv.eisha/d. INGWind Cure flXS.tig Allay SU:kw. and Inardus give 2.- tree .02 any dandudo dug. lc If pe • he.. 1.. 111.7 MHZ MINA corral. BALSAM

nu • I. pew.. from My r. 1.•• Inglis/. Her. d lbs boa %ma- -57...110 slssy.vromietionr effm.m• Ooto erbomm. ace bottle elm. al Col., P.p.. Is li4. ...P.M*. Fn.LII Co-opeemPl, Chmni•ts. Pa.. am dm,. In. Is. tlArm 11..5..1.1./. C... Lao. 57 1.004011. WC.

---- SI:N INSURANCE OrIOICS, P.M/AMID MO.

Sum umr•reu I. —L3110.77 0 0.

YLI parlisulart ttppty th. folltttaing ,tttto WIOULINGTOX... littttars. J. II Pleltsttme , t. Yr. Ildgra.nt M. Wmttle. otatn.re, Httr•ent ttr lot t•trottt Nraan. Vttioty and W. 1ttn.4.11,21 Ktugt.l•••• M. 11. LJAIrs, Market lisle Chubs..

===== 0002601_18970514_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18970514_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
*ales ba Samoa

By MR. TMON4B NOTrOM PINK lITH. Pkarket_Oarna 5111.170011. 1,14160.•

and Others AMIABLY FFFFF 1/1.13 PROPNWTY. to BB BOLD BY AUCTION No AIR. TIJOHAS 51,1T03 et this CIINTiAI. 1109111, JI Wtorra. a THI, IttiDAY. Ihr t'lth MAY lir at 1f,.. 5 o'clock thin . suba-ct lath. putt I• sad ens.llllratt rd tAst corpor.tM Lan Snooty of bleorptol arid to yprelal mild Ono to b. then productol - A Freehold IYMY BLIT NO,OUSII known ot • Brookside Cot arph"ottrtowlae •• Pllll C. 0.,. Panto., ' on the hes h side .Bth. root Whore loot tog trona Farnsworth to Warring., pith 1.4 NUNSNItY 111,11h9 and 14140 bel toting IA na to. contrib., Oncltedinh it• or hollolloge) .0.04 8.. Or. lip. st thla measure , and altothr C loco:tooth. Toot. Myren- boo .81.1,1... Coach toms., 1101, thory.Bhede. Cistorn. llog.or and 8011-,. Ae.. as 'rood ly cactoded end en),,,Pai by War late Yr John Hunt

............. lb. premises are •1•11 Onward. The rarreh.aer ehall talie over at a waltutron V 0 contralto .1 the ronr•rwatrairec grwen- Warr, d et glai• lamer, and .1. oslo gr wring ' {wants. ohralah and athrr . rola The aya4m at hearing alinlir.l the it perlret ard rthr!nr. harrai er • - . . .

li,. priipert h Ing a1t0... is it bin els at a mils of Piddles's' • tors, blathin on the Limb. snilS., leWesf ern IbillWay load Sank, Station on the Ithseh re s Railway, s ktli ors, Amen. e iisve al large mar ee, A.& •peoial I see Wire tor tfl 4garden and fflh.fposludo. ant liff- rs nll •tdepleinal iippdttunltt to 'k re • Yet gardeners, nurses-vow 1. II irists, stilt ot•eirs hir the a-gin • alt.. as • ibifea oar, a lilltelais and benne., dive bookies. capable cionelderable eurbesaltd develop, mon.. Lmineib,t• pose-141. can be obliallied.

!or mintier paPtintrare app., to ltur Auction., Waren. to _

-Ho;tat Drems, Kisscommt.;DD.rgo., IiURSVIA. I Mar7lngton

WAIDUNGITON. LAWN VOW,. SANEST AND ST,NISTON .154TH

Valuable, PUMHOLD sal

TO BB 801.0 NT AIX tION 111 • If R. 111011 Al) I' WI, a, ,I 1 IlLux I rgx, . llowsNy•nooT sTmort. IN•aximoro-...N n•N na, • 11.121111 dm, or 11• T 1897. at 5 le, 11.-11,11 In 61.11,d 1.0 0011(1iLl8 of 0.101.0 th• n and Ow, gln.l, awl In tno Foaming or olmn otner lot. ma ens, no do.prinin. at time nI -

nn wen - that leasohnie VW PILLING 111172111 oolth the LLable. doeudding• and atiptioionstorwo thereto. hebinging 1111.1110. by 1100 name of •• Crest " awl wtdeto •t gooey. Warrlnglnn. ,*the Ida h•LL in, t 301.1 W•rfllbeAKl to Liverpool 1b..,.. Is 2,00 e gnaw. onnio. and the lions. o emptier,. thulno mono dro•trop odnno. tovelosot sonny kitchen. onobery hatii 1,1011. w •.. end nye lebteriorn• awl lo In lha oontapin. inn ot or '!enry bloaleloo. The pro,. y is held ho ll] term 91 990 miars Ir m the 1.1 ,1., IA July, 77 3. at an ennnal grnune vont ol LIE 1. The house Is well oml .14.111 i •11, 11114 le Within easy Motion, pankey Lotion en the he hire LIPP'. ,1611• wee, 1T,,.. oriel. the.. Is root s. rote. town. In Mayan - bun and LP sown, loin lan.l lo owed oot rI9 promit • an my connote% wt. •nil •froni deslrolod. Inv amen, Loy 1 All that Lowaelvold OWNI LINIII•110U with LLae 0.... n. Coe. valor, and tholnilieloge thereto todonotina. WILL. and losing ealebi Derby Wow...ahoy, new. ALL., eington. on lite highway boil. I I.tt W•yroopter] in 99.1 in the necupei.,ll TI, mope., LL en anneal tee!.! ITU

-7117, onaelo won Dodd. and narn.ll4. dining man. d•••- Inn rem knolls.. ocullory thew Indraanna, oun dreaming. room Lath and Mlle. Mara la &In .•enal-bnnan %MI arnota• Mum. inn lad arOn Idie sin, in 1.1., adman annlal.a IC*

:O-676.•51-al soar* para. ur tamer.... It Is ...Ma maw mama ow Platten -fistion. h•••hir. U.llO Maaway Tbe property Is heol for • team .4 aft you. hum .bo 2511, day an Illarob.lBo2. at • year /round rent ad £4 IS. ILI Lat..l-•11 thme Two Ira h manloloarlool VILLAS. 1 anat. lu Iralrdeld road. hat Poo al wh. Ira the al only ad 1 Castor. and au tho otwan eta.. oi him lours Wililean• ad aotton. with the eons. t Load aro 51, la property is aLlarnat to • 3ear root 11,,,.. of Alt la. 64. elated ta • en loat. n tare or e ps or ea.oe alenot Ito IWI3 day *I altrim. ou I. 1 53.3 await, ol am. awls or 'ad or theralana them knorml renton. £5l Leo -Ali that Lambda Meauage or 1/ ot IMO- UM, el situate ad '.15 1110 29 a t. M.,,.-.1,, .c, lAMB. B 1110" 224604603....al as no• I. the oersopelpow al Wt. William Baldwin. 14th. lent am to 61. er aome. Tbe property is WWI tor the roeidoe ea terto of 985 yeas 10.1.51 do," Owe., Irmo Om '4711, del, Of layered... 1875.1 • yam., 'roue' root 61 de 3.1. Let -•11 thud. Nano Praboiat Orme.. ar 11111-1100elln. Mated asel la Ins u.ohered 67. 69, 71. 73. .44 75 DallouLlea. Warring Lon and uow Ito lb. oPeopa. taus el lisesiours Miramar. Carroll. ad others ea P nate taw., ad bantams 16. 111, 20. 22. 24 and BS. Penland stmel, Warr Dip. •lonead. mid new In tbe gonna loos of llessieure UMW, Itialawa, .4.1 41 eon This 110.4 anal rental le 61.33 51 pronerty is eitate la a aaoot twang diate.or. sad Is • very demesne lawman war • " • •-

TifAll 35:1.7i,;;;; Field. or F.,003 11l LAN D. situ* In oebtoetsho.ll, 11l the County of Clad.. roam guy tallest or know., by tho name uf tho Ithlo I,nt lOW hounded ors II- north by n oecopytoso root leasinc froos I,llllb asteas (11.14MOSsol3t and as the mouth. oat out load by kand tho Imo .fhoraas Pas?. stud ossolaleing 3 *es.. 1 rood 0(14 24 peolsoe otatute rocsoure or thoreonouf• £leo all Shot oleos. eeld, or per el LOAM, sunsets in Latchfoest oat tbl north 434.10 1114 .14 Woe Mod ng front Lomb Wools ts Urappeolssil aforesaid. peootooly easiest or 'mown by the some Lhe • Nearer 111.1 "kw:. bounded oo Lb. scoth by the colt on, sus the oroeta 1 root by Wel eesseugsng to 11,- 3,041 ee the 11. Dula of Br dig so., shod as Use north by the Hest...ester tarsal. aad couial•lag 4 rate. 1.444 perch. or tber. uts. thy land is In the tooopstasts Yr. Bay, sod the

—ices'l;:st -1;;;;TI siltulser, sod is very yoltaWso for building

1h.t'1,.. Plea., !arm! et LIMO, Mt oat • la Lolohiorda Om parish Ed tiroppenhall, fa tho C••untv of • ed.. er. oh the a ortherlv Mite the 01 ...hod front 813.ekton Meath to TYlorallorouteonlag 3 Nen* 2 roods and 2.5 perch. al statute mellow. or tareoalooste. The land M no the oec•stootion of M. loam Turner. had Is I free.old ol Inheritance

It sa ngonnan 0. or nnld ng gurpe.o. Pr Pr,.....1,01 tthw guntignon.l.ggli Aron. Wsrringt. or to Mow. ?seer DA... vets Ie•••••• Ileliaitere, Ihy-Mr•M, Weer*,Ye. - Talopros No. ROBERT LOl,

1 1 Venn A 0 /INT. AOGOUNTANT, ' 1 AUCTION KKR AND V•IX Ilk 1 , lap to aorumn. that 12. boa rvas,vel hi. Otter to Ur may ,

NI I 13AN' ii STREPT

Tie Greene 111.1, .4th. Central Sale let.nnt. THOMAS COW DELL,

IBTAT .Isg;S;l:„l3l:.l.7l,rl;—Nl,!ni..A.Ntiiii..ll,ALU Mho 6) Let.k2 ••••••,,, an.:l condor., ~ts 11:eurynnbl•

M..e,.a. Tn.,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Ut. ..d Pt,. 1....... *t

a'TCIFOIt LAMBS Tb• WAVILY •• t •

VYLLES POll O.CNTLY:%II!% %,./ ?be W• 111111.01 • KOlUmalle at. 4 Ober,

Prm. 14. K.aSmay be Pea,1,...1 ...•NO. Oydoes I raisfirels• ;a WILLIAM LIKA, 60 k 7•27011.11, LIVERPOOL. F AVILLAMD. SUFIC.

MONLIIKSIAL MAN.'S AN', et:CLI.T"II. Lsom-sratarr AND 110). 11141C11101111114110113. (11••• ...op., Maltill•OTO111. 111.• war., ease or Deryp• sed wti WA Inas Mon.as.... AI. Wok. The ahoy* U.. f.MØI 1 4.• WINNOW. Omar* •netanno. ••, •rniel.• sat .r• lawn. Air Okay 5...• IWary MIS Aortame "Cs,

tbe Qtrammer " A trim Or LA•rassans •so Cimusts Cka rr Diswele••••••

1..4•1,••• THiti Wd0z7irk,f,7,..et1ytei.....C.,..he:. Aire I..x.roosrefr, pub- 11,..ngeottr, titibllebed St. Ilthm• evrry Ends, I lIE A'...erm A rt... he/. put.livhed every ToturT davr acul TIIE taavvovee, yobiNted every liarurley PREPAID .kL)VII4RTINEMENTS. ! W 00... N • ever, irAtrflttO to In 800.. To se NOT* ANTIC... LOOT litoesu...sors Nurs A.Tscusi Foci. Nvervor-avieous sau• 110•110.11014 Pot VIIW0•111. I 1...11•14.1111.• WAtj lienvomee WAIT. tvoTuartows WANTS.. Boon. To Lot Nrruarsoas Vat..

- Oa* Tlre• Tonto Weals. Mne/64. woolu. 31 46 rb• abew• abarge. are for 'Ma, I, NAT MO, N.. e1.••1146. ••••14 imolai co aroillt .a.I. t. lueopriles. . -

===== 0002601_18970514_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX I.\ Eit.

PRIMLY, II•Y litto, len

. . Ts' 'stag new, from Athena and The Cu. elme•bere points 13 the direction of an early settlement ol tbe Greco-Turkish war. The Greek Government h.a accepted the mediation of 1.,. Pow.. —lll.l is to Kay of Lim famous Con- cert of Europe "--which will no &twit now set about arranging the terms of peace. IL is to be belied that lite oonditions if peamo will not be framed with. view to utsiteceseenly humiliate lb. Greeks or to weak. the Kingdom of I retire. In some quarter• the opinion Downs to be hold that the Greek Iluventment and nide., mutt amend whatever oonditions are offered by tin, SULTAN through the Si. Powers. But that is a mistake. The Greeks have undouitadly at far hail all the wont of the contest, but still their cense is not yet in an utterly hopolette condition, nor have they few. &spewed if 0•011 ineens reeistear• or even of aggeasiou. Their gent in null intact. Muuh lm. ose bea howl made of that enqnrii,l offence than wee expected at tho outbreak of ltne explaa•tiott of the confir•ratife inaction of the war vaimeels which has Inf.& put forward, la that effete, if not all, of OM greet Powers have preemie/5d the One& k!veriounnt that the eventual setthenent •tfu.d 1., in,! ii itint• their favour if they refrained fro& attarkmg and poesibly deotreyieg the Turkual noskik,rta. Thor,. may be h 0.,..,. truth or thorn pay be go truth at all in thin report, hut in any ,1•10 it la quilto cer- tain that if the Oreeke he oupelhel to light to the bitter end owing to Ow he.y terms that we offered them. the fleet will Le used to 11,111,1 the greeteet peethle injury orrot, the enemy. And, then, with regard to the land forces, them. no ream tt behove that the Greek grey I. &on preload tee 'meet billty of re-orgeni.tion. It in, ryl a.,tirrm, no*. n•Mifirit that the flellenic army was not eyed Lu, t,en heeb that woe dentate! upon it to the heat ...tan.. It may, however, be noted that it. wealinfew ley not .0 mmliiri the lighting tomtit... of the rank and file, as in the inexperinneti of de .-Iff-ora, the ilt• capacity of 611.0 At. 4 Wader+, and • lack of lb* material which is ntmwwiary 1.. ktlop • modern WRY in a *tette id' ofti,ioney. When tin., Grimes leave, tinder capable and inapinn, lestlerehip, met the Turks face to taco, as at Ito•eal and Vaiwstinn un- der the leadership of r lonorel Steele n. •ki, they loin. fire. n.gr,,,,t &rootlet of themselves, and here teal, yield.' ground when ti., defend, laded in other quarter.. As yet 110 ~worwhelmiug defeat bus later, inflicted °loon Olen. try the Turk. li. alialitio.l li. 411 One, ta cluer that with every merle the Turkish army advent.. at,, a hostile oituniry 4.40111'111We Will incrwe no prop.. tem. A. tee Greeks are in com- mand of OW sea, all the prorieemis required by the Turkish Army hare Le be carried onerieed through 1,440,1 na.nottatia p.m. Therefore, apart altogettod from the risme., of battle, the morn joroVi.niing of • Turkish ifroty Tog...twitch te COnfitier I irwobro, 1•311 h., • 11.111./ii.,tlll 41111 nap., sive ~,,4l,,rtakiitg. Over and ahoy.- all thie, the last nworiroe • nit hoe toh•lating • mountain- .. ovolintry i• (hot ui ge.rnll. ~r wan. faro, the ;maks wwald endo.dthelly ream, t. • Utile if toe, hard premien( It fluty CIO atm, %/ere - fore, that it wroisld Let a =int.& to atfafept to I,unnliating term, tilirrn• higli-opintwd and witriattew people At the 21.11.0 .1.••• It soulA be fool- ill to plson too no tett o hen., to tho "(heat Y.wera- win, !1•140 1.111141.13•ketl il.l the !part of medial no There are ituffieefe•l to. be sin Int thews hovers, but in rf• oda, there roe pay two which couch, that is to say, ltd.& vel !Nobody even in this aniatry &ter oake what the intientoone or pdicy of nor own tinren,m.nl way be. The istfl,lol.l of Greet /Inn.., ban sunk,., I 'ow under the Ole( but (staves leadership ol Lord I ri•Lisec•v that it way he cuntetently antiwpated Ithat the tome r 4 eattleaMtatt übll be heat en

mobil from imam foreign capital. Lord &we- ar actually seems to take a pride in ezpoaing impotoo:oin the " European Areopagus," for lately ar. Monday he itilormed the House of rile that he was prepared to adopt any fore, of diatioa "acceptable to the others." Russia and many have had plans of their own for dealing th the latest phase. of the Eastern queetion, if they have not been slow in forcing them, plans on the Concort of Europe, but Lord SALPIBURY inc plan of his own .hie plan in that which is temptable to the others," the "other." maiming actically the Czar and the K User. That M the aguage wh.ch it ueed by the suctleesor of Can- n, of Palmerston, BiaconsfielLand Gladstone in aling with the fortunes of a gallant little nation hick owea its filmdom to this country.

Foams competition was again is iron via se the principal theme of the pre- sidential addreee at the annual eating of the Ira and Steel Imtitute which is Id CU, work iii Lice! in. Accor ling to Mr.E.P. 'moon, the president for the year, foreign corn- titian iii the irmi trade is now aver, serious att. indeed. In his travels on the Continent has noticed the activity and intelligent eater- ies, of Oerinen and French irournasters. The armsful in particular, mesa to have gone in for es:constructing their works Jrl or Icting new works the meet in stint lines. Harr Hauer, the .tmbest of all ire iv whirs, has constructed direly new works no the ltiine, in addition to is other mtablishmesits. America, ton, is Irancisig by leaps and bounds in regard to the itput ni irets, awl altogether it is quite evident At, at Mr. M•ItSIN says, toe time has gouo iy r any monopoly oh iernuafacturorn reinaio Mg in sy single c sentry. 11, thyrsforo urges that Eng- nd shoed aciom nit ate itself t./ them articles !manufacture for which liar resources are host 'Md. On the subject of railway rates and freight- generally, the President of the Om and Steel Istituto has wine pointed words to say. He insiders that nothing hoA tandol ,nora to bring limit the changes he has referred to than the elections in the rates nil freight. This country as, of course, benefited very largely from these Auctions, but, mpecially with regard to rail- rays, not to the Milne otoer countries. n America the ore traffic is carried over some of he linen as low as one-ninth of * penny per ton or mile for long distances. On the Continent he principal railways are in the ham]a of the nate, and they ere use,l fir fostering trade in very finenble way. Mr. MARTIN &KA not, how- Tar, take a despondent view of British prospects. his country I its a great advantage in its insular snd central poeition, but at the present time this 'coition is largely neutralised by the honey rail- way rates.

Jubilee Day will be celebrated in a great variety of greys in different parts of the country. Ths dalford Corporation will glee all to employee • day'. holiday without any deduction of pay, and will engage bands to play in the parke daring the day. In addition to that 8,000 poor children and 5,000 aged people will be entertained. Many schemes have bean propound which were not found acceptable, but the Town Council of Bedford creme to have dimovered the most original way of chair- ing awkward proposals. It wee etuggeeted the £5O should be ',pent " far the illumination of the River Ouse." Tho pictureintie echeme wee gravely de- bated and wee not rejected. but the Council decided to vote the tonere°n coin of one farthing for the purpom. The Ouee will therefore no doubt be il- luminated with a eingle ferthing " dip' on the auspicioue 22nd June.

It • 11,14.11,1 from the stetement made by Council- lor Shaw-Oreen at the Town Council meeting that the tote! increase of the rates for the year will be •ixpence in the pound. It is quite evideot, how- ever, that the sixpence will bendy most all this de- mands that sr. made open the overseers, and this is net promising for next year when any deficiency - if there be a deficiency—will have to be made good. The rather animated discussion which took place with reference to the Bridge-stiieet improvements was decidedly instructive. Alder- men Sutton compleined shoot the slow program that Is being made with the purchase of property for improvement purposes& bat it swots from what was said by the Mayor and Councillor Ileherte that the delay is due to the exorbitant prices which see sak.d by property owner.. The Purchasing Corn. matt*, is not ',mitered to pay nay price that any be asked and will invoke arbitration if the owner, are not wore reasonable in their demands.

To the townspeople of Werriagtoo. the occasion. when Mr. John OrosMeld. J.P., throws open the groped. of Walton Lea, are events which rank high In the year's programme. The blooming of Tarimon bowers at different salvoes makes a chow at Mr. Grosbeld's pleasantly aduated residence which the public are grateful for being permitted to enjoy sties Sunday sod Monday last the inhabitant e were free to visit Walton Len for the pert.eo of neing the fine Menhir of ueleas which Mr. Lipp. has brought forth. A steady downfall of rain pre- ented the utilintioa of Sunday to anything like its usual enJent,hut neverthelen then were home wen- teeeeoMX enough to brave the elements and accept the heautiee of nature as a reward Brain *mashie° tempted far more not on Moriday afternoon, but again the weather was liJkle and • heavy shower proved particularly inopportuee. The conserva- tory adjoining the lines° eigtaineel the moat pro- fit...display of steins of all colour.. and made a really striking, and artistic picture. Altogether there were 32 rari.itin of the plant, some of which were on view in the different parte of the grenade, sod the number, of dowers not apnially es show, but squally attractive, did not fail to excite admit- alien.

0111.1e1,,, 8 1118,0,1811 AS 111 A DOLICIOVS MAAAWATTIS Tit To. NM trll It 1-7 HA /wows. 4.Wbelmola an.l Itma ages. kr Watt.Nom MSNUT MILIAN° • 0018 PART LTD. S. Mamma,Yet Bs. .8,1 Oemena4oall•1111.15. W.. 8.110.•

===== 0002601_18970514_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ItUNCOVI AN I) wwES.

A Bosco. Scsoonna IT. A Storna way telegram say. tn.. WI ...ter Silver Spray from Kunc,irn to Balt ivnund, with salt, sank On Sunday in Loeb B isdalo. Ins error mare saved.

Tee Disuonn Jcertire. A ihrering of the committee appointed to ma., the arrengemehit% contiecteia with rtui celebrati in .4 the Diamond Juhilee was held .rt tho Town 9.11. oo Pride% evening, under the prericl%ney ot Mr. T Conk.. Them was wird renew... Wive atlendence. The proceeding% l were of. routine character.

ins DRAT. or • Muscuts MAO AT Winne, Mr. Samuel Brighouse, the coroner. ha deemed it ne...3r to hold an inquest on the body of Richard Henshall, o 20. Vinewtm et, Runcorn, who died whilst following his sinplAyment at lb works of Meads. Mattison, Seldnea, on 'Plumley. The putiaulars were published in nor issue of at work. ACCIOVIT TO • Rosman Ms. AT Wins... , On Fieturdav,Jdos Posileture,rowidius in Halton-road I Runcorn, was admitted into the Widnes Accident flospi• tsl,he having met with an injury at Messrs. Mathowon's Worka,Widn..a. lie is attended be Dr. Machismo. and I. reported to kw progreuins fairounUly toward@ re- covery.

COCSI, COURT. A datind f ttus court wan haid on rueaday morning, nt ran ponce C..ort. Runcorn, be his flnnnur Jodge Wynne Ft .utkes. The he contsnied 21 ordmaed, 3 do. fault, 1 adjourned, and 12 judgment summonsed. Tinto were no mum of public interant.

Dative. ; On Saturday morning, St Mo Pnice Court, Runcorn, ' , before Mr. F. J. Norm., a charge of being drunk on the previous night ems welerred against John Stieridani a stranger to the town. rho weenier, it 'reentered, had in his possession s number of multi book.. He had been trying to mill tees, but had no hsorker's entail% !ate.— Sheridan apnigke el to the court and to himself for the . position in *hien he found hien...lL—He as. fined ss. I and costa or 7 Jan.

it Runcorn P dice Courton Friday, afore Messrs. P. Speakman and P. J. Nnonan, an old man named R 'ger Egan was committed to prison for begging in Bolan-at. en tne previous day.—P.C. Carrington stated that on Thursday morning, about man o'el.ock, the prima.e was going into Mops asking for ns m. 0., and would not ac- cept anything elm. He had o uf6 teat bunsand bread in his posse...ion to last him a week. DELICIOUS /lAZAWATTRII TEA • DELICIOUs MAZ•VIATTIN TS& Eon In a•dr,rl Podous and Tins only. Pols Woo'. ed, a ds all Agents.. Ward arr. •- 1111,11111 i KIWI° a O.OIPaNY LTD 5, Horeenuuset at and Gorporatldn Buhdlinge. Warrington.. dab Wastoran Motion Sr Roxonaa. The sit otal onosem coiducred lop Gm., Smith, at St. pamk W,.sley•ti Church, was hpaido le a clean on app. day rano., w,en ti.. mon I crooded Ineveep part, wol adoy were unable to gou ....mon. Con- oideratoie earaluoers clors..ters..l the services, and Iduring tion mown over aoo persona hood their way into the inquiry room.

Nog.Ass AAAA •OF A COMPLAINANT. William Cockcroft. who hal be.ii+pm...ended under • mare nt for um appearing ter • eummone on April Ilk, takes out by hie ells ler rmariultirig heritreas brought be- fog. Skean Speakman and N denim at Runcorn Police Court last Ifrimry. In the amebae of the e omplainant, , be eras discharged. Defendant then sidled if he seuld apply t r • aaaaa t against hie wife and another person for 'lbrahim his turnitore. In was admired to consult hiss. kilo,

On Monday at tod. Honcorn Petty *..ions, befnre Yemen. If. Revnol Is and A. Thronve, John Harm, Hack Highmtred, oe summone tor bong drunk and dia. orderly on thd let inst. Ile plea.lod runty, and was Aned 51. and e.o.m.—Daniel Moth. Sh•weteeet, arm fined 6. in tarn num, f nnt sending hie onniclren tarty to echool.—An ordor loom made for Wolliam me of William Ellie, SLIf fty-Ilt/ent, W go to an indiistrod school at 111.c.leeft0.111 00111 he attains the age of le years —Owen !Inborn, 01011 .00.00, wee hoed for a contra- vention of the Schmation Act. P• 111111. M.T0001111.14011101T 80H001. The miumareal y service. In connection whit the shove placo ot worehop were hdd nn Sunday,when Oh. Roy. A. 3, Smith, of Lichkeld, prhoched morning end evening to lard. congregations. Tim pulmt ho the afternoon was *maple Iby the Hoy. W. Indoe, 'holdout minister. At each *emirs eperoal I.yoooo and anthems hem rendered by the scholars and chmr. It onay ha tooted that lb. whaler., on the roll book numb.' 240 novenae atten- dance, row ening 101, r terneon 189 ;teachers on the roll hook, 43 ; seemno attendance, mornong nine, afternoon 23, T.. income d ~, ing last yeer VIM £.35 9.. 2.1. and the 11WHenditure £3B 9.. 31. 'the collections on Monday, whist...re ill sod ot the school fund, realised £32.

Tag tall, 8111011, WM.I.”110 SUNDAY 5C110,4 The atinivereary into ni in Silo! the above school will he ioe.ched en Sunday,the 16-h inat.,in the Haltom- , road Wnleyan Church, ti the Hee. C. P. McCullagh, B.A. The snoeinnusintion at the achnol is entirely in- adequate for carrying on Sunday School work, sad MN officers and teacher. fer Itircal collections to aid them in prrwiding more soitable premises. The reg. gentleman who has been engaged to preach the anal., wiry sermons is srell-known, as he formerly belong te the circuit. The choir have beet specially prepared ler the occasion, and will render notable nompreitions by ' Proat and Jude. Further particulars will be found in our advertising columns.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
!ALIO:1100S MAZ SWA ' TVS TVA OVLICIDUI HAS tv, ITV. TVA In Quality na I III•vonr soleWb.ld SNAP &C 411 I•)4 Warringlan HURRY MILLING A COW PANT LTD, 5, Iloesernark.t St •rul Corporabon pultdlng.. Warrington.

Poono Dao.r. AT f_tyrac?...

Oa Thuredar morning.Tnionee Meath,. dock labourer residing at 13 Vicar -street, Runcorn,veaa friend drowned lath. ?sato. dock, Amnon, It •ppears that Meachin had beer out of employment for •inte time, sod had lodged with • roma. named Mary Monaghan, •t the above addlem. Oa haturilay, lit Inst. the deteseed en- ' Weed the house about 2 p.m. gad when irked for his ntene• he walked out, seyhig he could not pay any. Shoot 8.30 p in. the rune night, he went into the hours under the 0 Immix of drink. He was again slaked for wine motley. lint once got tip and walked out, and was not ova again alive. The fact, of the err have been reported to the coroner

HAI'S TIM • LIIO -If 6, wood 9.4. I. elampe novec p.o.e. 0.0006 lox of YIK•OLII 01/11•11111T.wha,h ( ureg 1.4 Lego froro 1,81‘04,01. OW.O *21.101.10 . 0. T 111.11.06.0 . Itunc.ru. Doi cord of 60 years' et.ndlng -S•10.

-Ringrou...

Stant 20 opotabere of the Wounesday section of the alma club:timed out on Wednesday for S tun to l'hest Mr to ere tee MD.. Cheater wee reached in good time, ad after the machine men had named a few hours on the race courv.they adj. turned to the Derr flt.tel,whens tee au partaken of Gaines k wore shorewards in- dulged in. fhe party arrived home about a o'clock Prom the roport 01 the W,rl,n sports It will be wen that Mr. lobo l'harlesworth,captain of the Runoorn Cycling ! Clah,tiaturday sectlost,wes auctemfol is bringing off the! beet pra--• gold medal. In the oae ale Wade race and eatomd priee—e set of fish eaters—ln the two toile Incysle rsoe Mr. W. Kayontb-captasn of the ti ducts, section, was also successful to stionink the Ist pet,a in The two mdo bicycle race. and 3rd pal in the OM ale Made ease. A WARW. Goarrao 11 FRIPOL so. Thest

Sr !lummox.

e. On Saturday morning, before Mews. Spaakam• Somme, Bridget Gllnea was <beefed on reamed with steelier/ • psir of trots." value Si. Ild., the property of Anthony Medley, clothier. Brishm-oe„ on the 29th /sent William Maim, 'maser. Woke to the gum...a being on • rail at the shop door, at 310 prn a• the debts Arthur Worrell, in answer to the, retistrut ef Mope...inn wooer, followed the prWouer, and oe ~tilos her asked for the trouser.. Alter some del.', • she produced them from under her Mewl, mains she bad found them In the strict !sergeant 601 es•. eels dome of •ppreherwion. In ;isomer to the there. else Mid You W. • I,sr, I picked them up la the street sra. under the ME were f drink. She dented stealing thorn. In addesmag the Beech she said she meld to be in • diffeseat ;meanie, but she was now at the woes of the reeve.. If she yrs. lineretesd she would gins ~drink —Committed to props foe 14 deys. *awe Lats.., runTO tuna, Awn PVIMMIS. —2050 IL Caen, Prim« end Stationer. Si. Derds•-•trest. Weeelesion.—/Wor.

F01;1•16.14 Sll LOY 1,1 pIIOC.. AT. N 7001131:

. ----- - I At in. Itinicnen pie, C itrtit rlitimdtv, before I Yemen Philip Speakman, end P. J. Nnernan, Berndt Siintton of Vinland, and fiyalinar Petterenw, of Sive,len. mailers it. one of the ships belonging ti! the Cunard Line ! Compenr, were charged with being drunk uddienrderly Bigh-otraet the previews night —Prisonefl pleaded not Sergeant Lee said that abnut 11.30 on ! Wetter...lay night hen. in i-iirnpanw with Pt. N,d,"11.! Highwtrewti when he &set the hemmer. with other I.lloes ems, ing a &enure...ice outeide the Holt head Hai- ' hour. 11•• r. quested them to an ewer, hut tilt prieonera attempted to strike hint. They were drunk and using Cunene lerigongs. fie /won...mile had te lock them up. ! hid. 11. torrnbniarod and said tie had previonelp cautioned the prisoner. in Regent.street. —A tee of 5.• I AM roes— tit. 11. each wee imp wed. ,r 7 dare I Impriwoment in default.— f home. ilerning, • pedlar, ! was too. 5. and ern' a for tieing &WWI and disorderly : In Bridge-Orem on Wrdneedar night —I, diert H horts. sailor wen charged with hems drunk in!.• I.lane early that morning —r.C. Hirghee nrnred the taw.. Rohe,. . . .

aold km Woe was lying at Widne.. Fin carom over to Roomer. au.l met atone frieod• who tted hon. dhe rnagistrahia linpiand • floe of Including eirtir

W T WU.ufl. U. 5.., et.. Ne Se•• 1. Dun- •.,d CNA!, 1111....mr. Orme. eaters.. Le.el N vette. In Dere ratato. Blew.. 0! It.. . . .

el-4177A;

===== 0002601_18970514_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
I'HF EXAMINEI

RUNCORN

A special m , of this Council was held on Them - a., (g,,,,(gg .•.. die purpo. of considering •nd deter. miring ~a to he proposed alteration and enlargement of the effices a to f.iirn HAL Mr. ff. Ttylor. 1 F., C.C.. here were al.o present strum. Piebrown, Handley, Ki sin, Pritchard, Sweetinar.. Hewitt, Inn- n.,g, an v./ . I. with Mesabi. Lake (clerk), Merehall (.cretary),and ilding(surreyor). The subjont was coo- entered in Comm. tree, and on resuming int., Cunt( ill, A was proposed by r. 'online, seconded hy Mr. Wiswell and unanimously r 89i•ea..• that the T.lwn Hell b. , ' altered for the pur ten if providing f orsh•r office accomodatioo in sec rdenoe with oleos prepared by the Sorer pot, at an estim tell tint of £225 ; end that eOPE. ration It, made to lilt .cl, Government hoard for sane m for lion to borrow thia nu • period of 30 yearn."— the plans Chow the general o re eolerged to twice iHate. with • convenient end C. modinus entrance for the Public from Egerton.st , 0.01. avoiding the discorn- tort which exude under t e present arrehgernent. A cemetery offiee is els . provided with an \ entrance from Egortne-atreet ' and commuoiceting with the g I office thu giving tile clerk of the general office control o • the cemetery de- partment. The private office of t II overseers to Alen to be altered and enlarged, to eon. greater preset. Tiln Oin•111[1081 ot the Turn Bell in Et ton-street is al. .0 be . nostructed and on the first ft will be mule the kitchen for the csretak re, the pr kitchen and yard being absorbed io the extension the general office. hatter lavatory =co...dation pr or ided.

ikx ,c ' Irul ennvnuoi thu giving tte o • the rewrote. ol t II OVPIIIPer. i me ',potter pr 3 Et ton-strret rst It will 3 pr kr -.en t.. iu 1

===== 0002601_18970514_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JUBILEE CELEBRATIVS.

FRODSEI kty.

k meeting of the J.sint Committeee of Promaham and ?roaster) Lc.!whip was held in the Aiwa of Meilen. I. Linaker and Son. ProdAs, on Monday evening, Mr. Charles E. Linaker in the chair. The Chairrnau refined to the meeting cf the Frodemm Lariat Council Cornmittee held last week, when it was found desirable to ask the onmperati-n of the Parish Ghent for Frmisharn boniest), the two townshipn be. ing an closely allied. In ord r that ths two committees should COM. t Igoth•r the proceedings had been ad. j burned until the present meeting. He Alan stitted that Hr 0. noun had been appointed hen. secre.ry,and Mr. W. li. Mulls hon. treneurer. On the motion of Mr. Williams, it wee rowilved that • tee, Iss. provided on Monday. the 2lst June, in the Town Hall. Frodshain, for all person. GO rear of ago and up- wards, nod that the augented old &tent am arts be held on the nine day in the men Street. This arrangement of the day Iwo in conani truce of tlie proposed treats to the Sunday Ithion in the weeds .urhood. It was further res heed that, at the conclusion of the celebra- tic. of the Diamond Jubilee, • large b mere be lighted on the evening it the 22n.1, at ten ..'clock, and to adhere to tie arrangements wink regard to the tea at were made he the C conittne in the rent len on the occaeion of the Queen's Jubilee. Mr. Loud proposed that a medal of tome kind should be given to persona of ao years of age and upward. in commemoration of the *neat, but no one ...00dles it, it fell through. —ft hie ennaideration then to ,k plan, with regard to the e•peicliture nf any surplus funds which might remain in hand alter all diemniernente had been mule with regard to the celebration, whereupon Mr. Williams rnny• al that as • permauent memorial of toe Jubilee the 11.1n-stree. Prestress, be planted with trees en ether side. Thia, he said, would make the town nest attractive to visitors and the inhabitants would, in his *ermine, reap abundant benente. He ...- ferret to the offer of tits Chairman to plant, km of ea- mine, • certain portion of the street, and he himself would undertake to have ten trees planted. Mr. William, further proposed that the antehlre County Osuncil be approached with a view to the C each doing certain improvernesta in the main thoroughfare. Mr. If. Davies wended the propoeltion. Mr. Youd moved on amendment that a jubilee clock he emoted in the Main -street at a ent of minsthing like This wag seconded by lir. /lodgers, and on the amendment being put to the meeting two voted in favour thereof, and eleven in favour of the trent when the original motion was declared carried. The following camouttem were appointed t—Tea Committee the Cbairman, Vice-Chairman, Messrs. Chart. Keyeolde, 11. Cileywasd, W. E. /More, Loud, J. fling., Edward., Barrow. Kiley, Bate, T. Huhu, and J. J Spore Committee t Chaarnsan, VicreCthaternen, Mons. Williams, Leen.. Shore, Wilkinson, Earley', Barrow, Carter, Ed•ards, B Deem, Ulmer, Shaul erd, Rodger.. Y tut, Belem and Elleynreed. Beacon Fire Committee chairme, {tee-Chairman. Heywood, Cleave, Riley, Lewis, Bate, and Olen.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ti riIETTON.

0. bloeday • meeting of the Jubilee Conlin.. S. held in thei Stretton schoolroom to weenier the proposed tent to the inhabit.. and imprneevent t 'one school. Tae Vicar (the floe. and Rev. C. P. Crow) presided, and , Mem va• • good attendence. • diacuivion took else* , resprotiug no. probable east oi the fête, where to have , the tea and other matter., but it eta not finally witted , upon. It vn resolved to hay, the treat on the ant [ Sotnrdsy in July of Jun* 22nd, s. many, would [ ne away at Um Huy. Agricultural Show in that week. The district divided into four parts, and the follow- ing gentlemen were appointed to prefect fund. , Peter Leather, It. Billiogton, H. Pram, •nd J. Penning- ton. Mr. 4. E 111•012 05 added to the committee. The Re, It. Ash attended on behalf of the parieb of Appletne, gad 1..4 that the feeling of their nineties yes that they would like to jon the fitzettou parish. A discus- s,,. toolt Mao., and it was Really resolved to include Appletoe. T. meeting was adjourved till a later date tor further hum..

===== 0002601_18970514_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
4RAITE?4H ILL.

The committee who see carrying nut the arnomments for celebrattag the Qumran Diamond Jubilee net is the (*lurch room, iirappentiali,no Tuesday night. rt. Vicar Doomed the chair, and their wag • fair attendance of tomb,rea of the moamittee. The Secretary explained that he wrote Ma couple of Anne about the medals:May wore not to cost more Mee 64. each. end the sample. which had been mat with the par eh inriiption on the onetime woe to cost df I. och. The eutioionunittee recommeeded that two gewe be porchated, which would omit about £5 be —the minuted were duly , pawed —the minute. of the Spore Committee were I read, troan which it appeared that • irtedlY number vf moo had been armored It wan rated Gist the total receipts m hand amounted to £862.. 91. The principal hap. it espaniiiture werei—Medale, £5 5., ram.. ; Mao Mod, Cfl Punch and Judy show, £4 whilst the lea cad ether intonere would make • toted of £766.. 91.,1 leaving balance in hued of about £9 16e.—• therm.. I sem followed m to providing MM.tm for the committee, and 1t... thought that same Mitinction Mould be made brawn'e the committee end the general oldie. • de- melon was hell over --It wo thought highly advioMe to •ppoint ',motel. to carry out the marts, 41., but It was decided to adjourn the wilectim to a hams date, tic. Sports Cominitted in the meantime to eppoint proceedings combatted with • vote of thmks lithe Chairman for molding.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

• T.. Jesium rommittee formed • meek ego. at • wale. of the inhabitants of the hese to derl with the I,eiehnktion of the Jubilee. net a I Monday evening, in the Girls' seboolrorm.Halton. 'rho I Var. the Rev G ft Wm,. panda, ad there were also preaat. Mews P. Wright, J. Looker. J . . I J. leacoch, 11. tomthwood, J. Asberley, 1.. Barron. J. Welker, Moores, i P.J•PV, Oat. (Stochl.olm). Baguio! iNortoti), r. Anton ('felon). Percival (N0..0.1• k !lotto.), and Mars At the previous meet. ing it sem esplsined that Mir Ricard M. Brooke pro- posed to entertain the cetildren .ttending Halton Scrag Itheir r•rent. and guardi•nr. sir, t invite those going In 1.411 Church ad Weelaan • *),,A• sod bible clam to • garden psrty to be held at Norval emir, oo June thou.ht God mould ...ft,. wall ...hes^. nil be resident. of Halton. It would m.an invitations betne met to •bout 1000 proof.. It ese further moo. honed that Kir Mita.' also propoited 1.. present medals at the da mane en 1.111•11 inttm• , Mfl that there would be • procomion of the chilthen John...a da. The Rumours V.Aunteer hand had teen enroga.—lt lese decided to hare • balm on lialton Castle It ma also dada to mart to Sir Richard Brooke a ..Od medal rah • ratable lariptia enereved on it Iqr nkk ais.r any. • aubsoriptra fund war .1,...,1 and e .11setors appointed.

• tee,. ...res.... , me usual weekly smiles of the Temperance Mo.' lion Lodge of the 1.0.0. T. was hold in the Temper- iron flaltheademyetreet,on Wednesday, Bra Price, CT. presiding. Thee was a good attendance of members. Two candidates were admitted by initia- tion and three by clearance cant Bra o'Breei gale .report of the special District Lodge meeting ' 1 which was called for May to at Liveruool. lie I oleo spoke on Bro.Morria Jones report of Oh, Grand I Lodge which showed that the oroer was on the In- crow all ore. the world. The following programme I was given by the new einem. : —Recitetion, '' The \Fireman. Wedding,- Bro. Price: song, Bro. O'Brien. duet, teeter K. and P. Millington. The lodge was cleeed in due form by Bro. Price. CI.

The Altett Commit Factory, Belfast, and • MM. Mew watebonee • f n adails( were d.etrored by Pre on *Mande) morning. •twatt 200 operatives are tem- Sere. fell heavily on Wedoeuta• moms(l,,Wiltshire I Te3.,.1, wed Betkehlre. and I.r r,tne how lay to the depth or aa I At Batley, 2..tkaltire, ott Wedrowtay. Patrick isth or 1.,". Aldhofirno Warren. Might fall. tome.. wntetod 6. • thetlre ~1 of h"olff mg 01 ...t- -hen...Wl in Liferpeol •nd the mote dtagpea.g. der hie brother. It 1. alleged that daring • quarrel wlvle leg se It fen. In eheslorr the Irret 'and relM of the pa., at work lot. thill W/tal F•tr.th etrick lot 1.. flat, haw. ruined me.,f the fatal, potato ~r-Ta. brotheo with a pirk. the pJlet wtoch penttra,ed the sad almottt lir parably d imaged fruit pt.t/e—',, itMly at, re the rtgma of tbe hmt.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
WESToN.

TelS LATIKO OF 'FF.; FOVHDATION STOOK Or no W• 81.0,1 Csonca.—As will be s. on from s notice in our ad,rtising columns, the Inundation gone of the Jubilee Cbirch, Weston, will he laid on stiirlay ftn•morrow the 1510 inst.,by the Very Dm the Dean of Chester.

VILLAGE :WOK IS. The first annual athletic festival et Weston war held ! Os Saturday, In • field kindly lent by Mr. Jamft Ford, ten., Overhill,Weston. Ti.. prftraris were In aid of [ha ! , rater bands ni the village. both of which were in attend- ance. The enclfture was lined try a fairly large number ' of officiators. The prison offered attracted nurnernur entrine. The president wee Mr. T. T. Sill, and the , patrons included—Rev, W. 11. Stabler, Itment. P. Spenkman, E Innen, W. Whittaker, T. ' Brakes.T. Jones. T. C. Price,lB. Turkey, J. Vivra, A G. Guest,F. J. Norman.T 1.1.yd,S Thompann,J. W. E. Oven. The official@ were—Judgee, Hes. W. H. Stnbler, Sifts's. T. T. Sill, A. 0. Guest, and J. Pore garter. Mr. Jamft Tudor, sem ; clean of the tour., Menus. J Frmer,J. Ball,J. Carson,D Somerville' and J. E C. Mantes ; field inarnhalle,Mssars. Jfteph Tudor and W. E. Orme ; telegraph board, Messrs. C. lye red S. Hopwood • committee. blearre. T. Preece, W. Hope, S. Spruc.i,A..Yates,Jarnes Tudor.jon.. T. Ovren,ll, Brown, J Seel,and E. Barnes ; general and financial recretary, Mr. Walter Tudor. There were, 46 fttries in the 120 yard. get rare hood. cap, for three prices. presented by Mr. S. thornpmn. The event war run in right hears. the first in each to cm in final, eninelr, F. Hruhl, Warrington, SA yirda,W Roll, Werton. 12 ; J. Binterworth,Roooorn,4l ; H.Green. Runcorn. 11; 3 H. Rowlands. R rakravage. S W. Bea.. VeAtßonnlZTri*i,9. heAfibenl;l MultcZna; ei.V.dati,mr277. Butterrrarth ;3. J. to. Rowland. In the 220 pails AI, raft handl., the fleet pews wee pramenrad by Ainjor lifted. There were 31 mitries, and the race was run in three heat., the firer. nee mil and third running is find The ultimate rmult was-1, Forrester. Runcorn. 14 verde ; 2.3. Chirk, Widow', 8 ; 3. T Chringift. Rum corn, 4. The mile bicycle rec. attracted 13 with, and was run in two hosts the Ant and ftsrand riding in final which resulted —1.3. I. Cheri/ft...eh, Runchrn. SO edm. 2, C. 134te, liiincrirn, 35 ;3.W. 11 Ray, Runcorn. 15 ynrds. Pb. 150 card. fiat race handicap (hool, erhi included phi presente by the Rev. W. 9 Stablft.and Mr. E Puckery, was run in three beats, re being 35 Petrie., 1,, winners of the !metier were-1. J. Dixon, Wide..., 16 yard,; 2, W. Bali, Weston, scratch ; 3 W. Ince, Ditto, 12 ,rils. In the 880 yard. 6it none hand,. cep there were 29 entrift,f4r prises given by Mr J. Voss 431,1 Mr Soren, iodor, The raft proved en excellent one and the winnfts aftre-1. A. C. rimming. Runcorn. 46 cart.'. 2, R. Claye, Runcorn. 30 yards ; and 3, W. Cramer, Rocks aaaaa , 45 yards. :The two mile bicycle handiftp attracted wee erwaporitnerr, only four, however, of whom turned nut, namely, C. Richardnon, Runcorn, Norarah ;w. a Roy, Runcorn, 35 yards! J. J. Cnarlerworth, Runcorn. 50 yard.; and C. Hate, Rum corn, 120 yards. rho racy war of an interesting chow- ter, iftpecrally cormidering the oraditlon of the course. Alter covering I laps &CA had the misfortune to Cf... cropper end democrat hi, machine, thin hying unable to compote further. although he vas Stowing' good form. The race ended—l, W. H. Roy; 2, J. J. Charlesirorth; and 3. C. Richardson. The pricer were subsequently distributed by Mrs T. T. SUL

===== 0002601_18970514_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON- POINT.

Ina Qoann's Juamea.—• meeting of the residents took place ,tt V.1,1,ty eventng, In • room on the &It Union Worke,when t mu see-Awed to •sk for subtlety- I done at order that • ',Ascent's] treat might he gleel to the children and old people of the etilage. A committee w•• appointed to meet, them, with Mr. J. It. Chatlwlek Li tresourte,ond Mgt.. R wenterg,jon., a• secretary. A number of donations were h•nd•d in Bt the meeting.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
FROTISMAM.

• Tr Parana—The bsaaar which was pened on Murray, laid week, in the Chris whoolroo t for the purpose of raising funds to Mild • pariah ha 11.... con- third on Frolay. The opening from cny being re- I breed by Mn... A. H. ralhot, of Dutton Lad.. The Wiese, before introduling Mn. Talbot, red nig the first day'. Anencial reoulco,which were a. follow ,—Vicamee I mall, £2910, ; rei moment Mall, £llO, China ebb. £27, I Ws. Kedd's Mall. £23 la.: Sender echoed abi11,C2.4 10e; I dairy *all. fri 18. ft enter. emerge, CIO 144 WI ; I door, £914. ; toal,elsl 8. 2i. He then In. fly intro- ' raced Mr.. rcho. who, in e few abll-ohneen wonia.cle• Hard the Nal. open. Matter Pcrie (Seibold th. • pre. ' rated Ore. Telbat arith • buiket of flowers. The ,pen. ion cremony Otto rd.d with the longing 91 the new : ✓tional anthem. “Victorie. Hoer," by the choir. The total amount taken... £2.50 laseire or rarity er YOODeileit Loenseir.—At the Yrodsham riline Court, no Saturday, before Mews. Reynolds, end A. ?bonne. Jreph Jose., gardener, re. erica at Woodbomes. Yrodsliam Lordahip, we. charged nit • warrant with nryglecting to msi•tain hie wre and three childien whereby then tieearrie cludgeside to the entlintr-in funi of the Runcorn Union.-14r. Riley, re Sevin. nißrar, .1 .104 the feCte of the case. rilsonees faradic had had et In relief. A warrant etas biken out and primmer war apprehended at Hew ttriehtnn. Twice promised to refund tip. opine) if diecharged The m•gistratr dlecluirged birn on the prom.., aid ordered him to contribute B..towards his f amity's antintainenr. tarn lberearrechon —The p.m. for attendance, bd, at the everting clam. head drier the wither ander the soapier of the Lit rrrrr and SCientific Se-ierv, were pre- !rented to the thicrcemful ate tents nit Pri-ise in the ✓hoolroorn,a fair number al members and friends Meng preeet. In the &herr of the preaident 11 Tsyleul,the chair brag taken by Me. Jame* Taro,. who promoted the prizes, which coneietel it w,ine enrellent • Woks erected by the moors themseivae.. follows . J. N. Veddon arid R. erolsteehnlme, for attendance and dtheence at the arythmetic LrOd menhanien dames ;T. I Made and T. Hatton, he attendance and diligence at U,. arithmetic and oitise•ship clires ; Jaime Olson ler i I attendees* end dillirence at the shorthand ott..; John e Dire for ateend.cre at the arithmetic. mechanic .4 eherthand elMemt. F. Hulre• was beemnrcd art • leladotone hag for aaaistance reridered at the shorthand r rase

w.— Tss FIVLSIII Msetwonter pere ,11/1711.1t. —n,. np,me etwence• of then.. Undo,' Wechrotost Free th•pei were held on Wednesday. The Rev. T. J. Dwaine-, a Wetthport, preached the interned mennon In the ...us- ing a public meeting was hold. Me R. J. Guest, J wedded and there were also rofft4eot. the Revs r J Madmen, P. W. Hopkins (ehalrinen of th• I..aorpool distr(et), J. R. II•rneavolo, R. Percival, J K. a elle, and sews. A collection less taken In aid of the building , fund.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
WARIUNUTON O-OUNTY COURT.

Honour Judge Wynne

Dlsenlat Aal ro • Maima; of the 'rower, Bridgerotreet,W•ro mgt.], claimed CI 11.. , front Joh. Harrow. furniture dealer, .1.0 01 Mridge•rit for furniture supplied tn the del...dents. manager. Mr. Irelaed.—Mr. Browne, eolieitor, repreronted the de- feederoa—The one of the plaintiff deproted that Mr. !re- load, who at that time was ['lnnen., of Mr Herron.. Warrington krogisero braneh, came and irolard him to wipoly him with • ane articles ol furniture am 'tinting to CI Ils. for a etedomer. The gsot. mn aopphat and Mr. Ireland •nd another man took then, away. Witness had sines won Mn. flarep who lefortne4 him that he pe.er paid tor anything iinleas it wee supplied by • written order. There wait written order in this role. —Mr. 8e,.,. for the defence said no do ibt Mr.linroyee did supply Mr. Ireland with the articln, of furniture salted for but ierornuch am Mr. Ireland left Mr. If artop's emote., under cert... eireurnetiroces and as lifr [lamp bad searched threuah the whole of Mr. Ireland., tre.ka and mould not fiat any trare,rother in the eteck boob or in any et the rirotomer• ••••••.unts of the actual artielat purehaetat tr.• Own. af. he, Jrc.liont 1.. pa, 4.10. ground tha• I. all •••••.111,../. /.1 Ina laahatl, In •hT hi. ri0•1•0 shop. In rsedit anything without enters Sent direet from Manetroiter. mined by Mr thump in the form pinducort. —Mr. Harrow's oaf... ew,tionco hi roe- reberatio• of this etatement —Hla Honour nonenited the plain, dr •ro the ground that it had erg been primal that Mr Ireland had tha authority of Mr. Marron to or- der the uusda.but he would mi. itheety sehsee the ••• it., if further cirministanree could be dieenvered would prove that Mr. Ireland bed O. power b. order I the geode. .

CL•1111•T • TYwanan —Without Stafford, • tearer- man, claimed 19... the ansomat of one weed'. wages lent. 1..., Warburton. lannier.Wenistoo. and Mr. Warbortoe made • counter claim for LI for brewer. tiontrard na Sit. ground that the plaintiff had left Maimed., iffithoot wire. Mr. Penton reprearinted Mr. Warburton.— raintiff atated to hia flimour that be PAW Minced MI. labour, at 15a. per week and aa he atinavirdwf a getting another Jim at Wi•ilaton he gave Mr. Warhortno notice that h• would leave his emptir nri the I.l.iwing Satur. day. de did leave and Mr. Warborton refueett Spay him the war. he now &aimed —Mr. Peewee fin the 4.- raid that eery Ono. the plaintiff wait • bet he bad been engaged hr Mt. Warburton When he was raised to the pantion if tramilinan aunts bine airbag, Warble. tint made • dint inct arrangement that • weetta n nine mint be given •in prime aide hef..re terminatteg the en• gagement.l. conorquenre if the plaintiff leaving ostlb mat the ',ignited notio, Mt Warburton had been put to -treat inconveninee owing ri attain of Wines false idle , for •couple nf days —Hui E10.1.1111..ave juletrnt U., the plaintiff bir 10i. and on the oeintotallia of the &tend. ant• for 18,, one to a•t itt againat the other and the coats to follow the ...et

' REAR DISTRICT COUNCIL at int/ c na for the . to ho ' a hrw . K. lam, rt,and ildin, .. I , •::,:i 10;1'1:170:P. .7. :•:ttrtci ::19. Eir.:4,' I 'acin:ri m m , ow th.• mu for • t. w the general nct ne ow invenient marl c . rnodi . ...

===== 0002601_18970514_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The tortalghtly meeting of the lion-ntn B,ard nf iluandlane was h•ld on 'Neil laT, in the It iardiriont at Dutton neorkhnuni,t4r. J.Kti 'wino nteniling There wen. Alai, present the Wirt. (m, Mews A. K. !Air- man, T. Les, 8 Yart•nol, 8 Taylor, Jr.. CC.: •nit the member@ of the Rural tttt et Council, with lit. J. A.:l. n(cler) sod Mn iF Aahtna elerA.)

The Master rep mu that the cominittran •pllltilnl to purchase games & for the Mune had met. and had inn& parch... mner,n.tufl.tomt ~f £1 19. Ild. An invit term wa. reed from the idle' Friendly Suelety tor the girls to go t... (71,e4ter on June 3,1. It was an annual featival. The rommittee had ,neented to adow !be girls to go.—The following wag the here to he given to the inmates on Juan 22nd, the Diamond Juibilee , It last beef and pint of beer 1.4 the adults, and milk for the children for the dinner, and bread and butter, cur- rant broad, seed bread, [ea, c.lfee,and feud Illaft•rd of plum pudding for [ea.—The minute. were approved af on the snoWn Mr. Stokes.

TIII• • 110.151.1 1.0.5111 Y •MOUIVT.. Mr. S. ?rum., ....ant rectorate Loral thieernrnrall lioardownye lit•ti..g that he sou .lireete.l by the L I Government R..ard.to gate that Mr. F. O. Hart I. y.aasia- Cant district suditor.hail reported to them that at 4n • traordirury audit of the accounts of the oar rrrrrr id the poor of the patuiti of Fe..dahain L .rdsh p. wan Hour,. 17trion for the uri.4 tnttnt Michaelmas 1809. to the 25th January 189Y,he certified • balance A £1136'. to or lon from Mr. John Clialloner, late autstant °veneer id the pet WI in respect of the poor rats accuunt.aiel a bal- ance of £49 14a. 104. In respect of the unitary rate ac- count. The Board requested that the Guardians would Inform them whether thew rums had been paid to the Immures iA the linion,and of the Rural lhatrict rexpectively. and if not how the matter mt,ott. —lt was decided to allow the bondsmen until July to pay the money.

, . KKKK `MON Or DUITOII WO,. Sen., A letter sew read from Mr. Lila,. clerk to the Dutton School Board. stating that at hr laid in- sting of the Dutton School It,ir.l revised plans It thy extension 01 the school premised at Dutton together with from Sir J. T. Brunner, wore considered erhen it swas re- solved on receipt ,of au assurance Iron the Ouardiana, that the chbdren froth the workhouse should be sent t. the Dolton School perms...Ll) that the extension 01 the school he commenewl. Th. Guardians would tro doubt hr imam that Sir J T. Brunner had kindly creed to hear the whole explmie of thy extension. lie awaited the Dwird'a reply ,—lt was decided to give an undertaking al tar ea it was Powitil.•

•11410141104 01 YU. 111.1}1.1,10 1•0011. A Totter was res4l from Mrs. Wood of the Vintrafe. resigning her pwition as • menilier of the Ladill Visiting Committee. rho reogoatio-• was am:opted.

• letter ern mad from tin J W •Oen In the (*neon Caton, stating shot ho was sleeted he the livardiannf the Cannock Un. to transmit to clone the annexed copy of a melonott pain I be them at them Iset tee tin, and hoped the Fillmore Ii ardent woold pay • /Molar reeolutln. He a,lbul flt the B wrde deMeno in the matter. 'Din re. Miti it we. Mat the Local lineament Bnard be earnestly re- quested to take tnesnree for the POUCVIO/1 of the drew f vagrants, who are at prosent closet to grow up wit bout an regsrd to their temporal or spiritual well- being, and that the Chairman he re., seen to Summed ' •

—..-- the same to the I,eal lioreesin-st Itr.sed." tffdeorsd I thus. r • •lutinn he f.nararde,l reary Bleed of lidaroinn ns Lc:land and n ales, with the ne egret that they still Palla a eanflar reaolWion."—On the propositinn of Mr. Woodsmod. seconded by Mr. Stoke, the ',voltamn wit approved of.

1-•• NATIONAL •NYLVACNIN•TION LNAILL.N. The Chairman tif the Parliamentary Committee that at • 'Porting held that morning circular waa read loam the above league. It pointed out certain hardship. that earned with reference to the Vaccination 1t.., but the Committee were perfectly sensible to the hard. onim in own* care, but also were aware of the twain s arbish were derivinhand which far out reachiol the hard- 'hip. The ('omrnittee did not see their war to recom- , mend any •Iterations. —sc. Mclntyre mined the adv. tion ot the minute.. They were wociinded •nil carried. This was all the Wainer

===== 0002601_18970514_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES oN OASIES AND

ATHLETICS.

Warrington were ag;n7Z.idate in playing At lione ilast datarday. The visitors to thp Arpin, wick:wore were the eheethain elevon whoa* defence proved too rwnd for the hone howling. Warrington chwed their innings at 125 for 6 wielinta, but N., much [lmo Ilan bran con- (hit only an hour and • hall was left for the due niwal oi the visitors. 111, pruned far 1.0.0 abort • tow, and only two Cheetharn wickets had fallen When tin.- ' arrived. fiee *oathn was mainly reeponsinle Fr a draw being bie result, tithe Match did not start tills • hour after lbead•ised time. Conn. walk. Unable tur• Out 1,,r Warrington.

heinesters want to the cream, not and Inewhe said J. W. Bibby were the initial partners. One over had not heen • dripleted befog.. Ilibby's off atutop interfered with the progrem of of ball, and Callon stepped into tan breach. He at onca showed bia intended tic, i.o bysiior. ing eleven in three strikes. Ina prdemiorial showed caution; his defence being admirable. while clever hit now and then won burn eneen. Tinny -one rune had been nodded whew Callon received his dismissal from Allen, and was replawed by Clarke. This partneretop , proved lasting, I.ir Ostti batsmen gave the Aelderosnme holy leather chwiteg. The bo•ling was change /, but the profeeeional and his captain seemed to be well set. Thee the rain ioner supremacy tie 20 minute*. bat on re-starting the bateinen continued to perform well. Had thv gelding been keener they might have he.. separated earlier, but the century was within measur- able distanon before Unmans faded to gauge • 'nod ball from Allen. Pudirtore followed on, but &anther dosater same to Warrington lee Clarke was caught I, the au, reading over. The respective ..ite• uf Ilw•lie and IClark.- were 36 and 31, and each bushman played 410114 erirkst though of a different a...e.t.a VVIMV and P.dinort were msociate..l lie some tunn,the fanner eau. hating Clarke by Jeayaching the ball in all dlrec.ttnns. 1.• 'lbnoino'nhrputonll runs when he was caught ea• the same a. Clarke, and male way for England. The latork stay was brief, and he faded to score entire , mending the hall into the Ann,. MillIp•O•1 Stay. Vald• Podwiwe reified laal figure Si, 11, when the , inning, was closed for 125.

heehaw eent in C. If . Sharp and P. H. Sinclair to oppose the twwling of Megrim and ttermietuw. rile I nrinera tempting trundleweauaed tu hit out and I Callo• made • tine eaten. w. It. elinclaor rein@ in neat, and the two between went in for • systAtn uf blo,king , The Omni?. were kept well cowered mad rues were rrr r . i• fact 1111.1, by accident than .1 wire. Half the limn., team tried their lurk with tip hell.but all ion, purpow. AM 119tWe play r.llse.l the huge aggregate of It ruse. Theo Sinclair departed for lbw and no*. Wird • tear. Parker ar,red •••00 and for the lon ,1 taro wickets the Gibeethelll tahnp. wee. &awn, and likewiffe the pan,

It i• eery evident hat `tanker Wire Mills will take • lot of beating this season. Their record already has • healthy c.,linir.•od 1.1 SAlueda, 'a match with Wit.,. White It. at Wider.. on SU added triumph. Tbe hornesters wore ex pe,Led ti m•lie • 'good snow ant b•ttorl firm. toil t.. the .tnnishment of the Widonia.m. U bisoa mad Wei. hurton trundled wilt dirmstr,us N•I • man of the h•Jrne aide ...mad daube ngurre and the Ohio innings real.l only 18 rum. With tii• lose of only three, •icket a the Sankey iteo•urpo rd Um tot aloind event,ially ennpiled e 9. Clark. Marshall, and Hotiaw all played • ceil innings. The jona,r orgaamitions Iwo Claim I' and thew...lsm better dmiebed at

. _ Warrington. but •oin the erirenh- pr ,ve I •Qper. •tn the tune ..16:1 runs ag•nwt 3L liarl keg made a gi.xl start with 13. an.l the remainder ..1 the eleven ar.ored very evenly.

Irnmensa superiority ~ver Elphina Owen hy I in Walker and Sons first tease Vine hsturo ••• lord upon etch maw... The Kreinery men claimed the icicle., 1.• the Rano' only three wilcketa,and knocked up 68 rens, nt which Artier contributed 20, .1 Railer a, sad M. alien 16, laol cut). rho only Inas reak• • fair onos on the Sainte' side oaa T. Wawa. sb, put to- grUuir 15 on the Rt. Elphin'a ground the ft...trey second tram pun managed 1.. win by!? rune. i 5.... Seed crk-ket iritnamed, sad the ......litostornan asacks shin. Thnopkini.e aad Rivera aolvit the viapecteble 'total el 2:-

Biserora does not seem anle tn produce ar go.d erl lacers as Ve.ttallen, 1,5, I general!, see their twarns hinting last in matches. On mat uNay annexe Juni, ee lereated • rerorel ler th.• warm na oending 11 men in ti make eight runs. (libel, not Ilarri•on of Werner.. SC LOOM •PPI. marmeMle lor ttue by their flee bowl. mg. The Saints rmapied I, it winch Bunch and Brad- ley vored l sad 14 rrepectively.

hi Corday .01M11000 than. woe • bmltne perform. stare at thford h Its which w worthy ot wdo. entrb was h.ind playel between the ...hers and the Co.operatow. employ, and 14l I. attn 40i0.1k bark 8 wick.. I. 10 MIL, and the •hole army were not Ida 28 11th .ly lb. small or,re •.11111•L them the (7". opetati vat hal • narrow sqweek. *metes hy 5 rasa. II ntalr and Kok rendered gnarl west« with the hall kw the enkbere.

I.Pot, but u.,t nest, 1 mat tnent.en the 1.1101 Clime-am lanes Knetneets tenn pot no 109 f.hfl it tne f 7 sicken. ns•feet rr•fr rd Pfulf I.t. L,.150 hit it 41, Dn.., 169.gran. 20 n. out)

:nrl Ilarltett 13 I.3—;f:ja;., ft; a;m••• fw,t:

cr.; kete;s. D'art ,rl.-I.•ra atom *8 !nut I, 31, .1 had a tale ni avrtow t ,arry twit 1.• Itaximmtu.

iciARLESTOWN AND NEW CON.

Inn DIWWICHIO Or • CHILD St The 'nowt on the hoer of the child Nellie Eiie.heti 'onewho eve. drowned to. dolly tub on Wedneeday I•e. week was beht at the Welling- ton Hotel on Saturday mortsing,by Mr.S.Brighoune. coroeer. Alter evidence in accordance with the fart, reported in our at iwue Ind hoe, given. verdict of "Accidentally drowned; war returned. 110141 Or E• 111.1011,11,1 LOMA or lii JO

Iniitead of the ordinary !Age meeting, a lecture was given on Monday a,. sing in the Cc-operative 11•11 by the 11-,. .1 A. Lee, WC T. of Liverpool on America and the Americans,' The lecturer pre- faced hie discourse with a devripti in of the con- struction ofthe newel in which he sailed, with am cost, and mentioned several Incidents connected with the visage. Ile passed on ies driecribe the I ways and habits of this Americans, and his im- pressions during his stay amongst them, and the treatment ho receired whilst there. The lecture was midi: instructive and interesting and ma, much enjoyed.

NI-Orr"?.-LM•ICILLOWS CHORAL AND OIICTIENTRAI.

The annual general meeting of the above vviety was held at Kt. !Veen Schools, Nsoton,un Wedeee. Iday rvening.oben Dr. J. W. Watkins previdol over a memoe attendee e. Captain Royce submitted the mat omen,. of accounts which showed • balance in band of slightly over £5. t.,1 I roagratulto tory mooch.. were made, and all the old officers of the moiety were rovlver ed WV} aaaaa Mr. J. W. Clover; tresvurer, Captain rote ; committee, Rove., Mrs. R. T. Evana.Mi.v Wei lune, Mows. I'. reirclon,n, Singleton. Wilkineon, and W. Ilindley Smith ; prethient, lion. T. W. Legh,M.r. ; vicopro. Indent, Dr. J W. Watkino

===== 0002601_18970514_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAP ArCIDRNT AT EARl.Feermwm.

' On Tuesday litter noon a horse and trap Indonging ! to Mr. Asti, King, if...monger, Rarlestorn, wee I tereng driven up Worgreve.rotel in the direction of he Vul!sin, w en the horse became startled by • train wring over IVergrave ratlway bridge. It roverve.l sriddenly and pitched the driver nut into the road, 11311 roaring u o broke the shaft. from the imp, and seriously injured one ot its legs from which blood Sowed freely. It then bolted along Maranon...riled dregging the shafts behind it, and was with oliffiNalty secured opposite the Warm.. 'Schools by • young fellow named l'oake throwing • 'cloth over its head. The diiver etcapeol with • eevere elok inn. 01.1, FOL.. 'NM or iia9DOCi.

• The annual treat to this Old Folks of liarlocii, nom HO soars of age, took place In the National Schoolroom. when about .240 eligible old people sat down to an excellent too, —The wont, nithe ituent• ' .„. nttnndn.f to by the Wire .nd genth'"D's form log the Committee. At the conclusion Of the meal an entertainment was given hy weigher* of the Margrete c•oirrh Choir, and ot.'ero: lohdlng hi in, hi,.. U-on. Moron, 0. Wright, C. if, Loa, 0, Bailey, W. Mayttisley anti J Sicolls. Mr. It. orimnie, progided at the piano. Mr. T. D. Drivels, Drayton provided over the gathering. and at the Hove the Ret rather Moore propose.' sent.' 4 think. to the member, of the Committee for to ollidiontly carrying out their This i•lbe heart', see irded, a. atm was the vote of thanks to the Chairtnin end entertainors.

E•Kr.liSTowri Vrlo4l,l<i•N CR1,11,11.

' Speck! erieview in connection with the miniver- wry Of the Brunweick Wexler. Sun.), Wiwi! wore helri in the above church w Sunday. A. fa i whenPve, t •rlni,r.r• COM,. rOllO4, the church low crowderl on each omission. At the morning and awning were., the pulpit yew coca. .ini horbc Rey. Owego Hammond, of %wheeler who delivered inetractive rind intermit log in m homely manner. Sivecitil hyrone were Rung by the child', and choir, rho while, hying Wiwi Mier, Robert., %ea hi. 6417. and Mine R. rho choir at Th.. eine., of the evening eer• vice rimilering th. " Hallelujah Chorus." In the tifternonn a sacred cantata. Mh.loh. Ira* given by

"t•he childrsn end choir in • •sry 011•011.., mien,. I the large .11..10 pr1,1•11t thOMUR,I}. .njy.ng tFO . production. All the choruses were capitally ten- deny% snit gond time was kept. The soloists ac- quitted themselves with stlicienry Ind their efforts were run, iipprecitted ; they were M 1.010.1 Holl/0611. II litre. (larks. Berry, lo Claw. Hiunins, and Mrs. 111.14. Mews, W. Clare, J. H F. P. Claredind .1 R. Harr %Ir. T Clans ellielsntly conducted, and Miss P. 1.. Oreenall nerfdrnis%l her port at the eerein with rredit. The culleiuions. amounted to

1643.. 1”1 year they were fill 44. IL Tn. S,'ICIDR OP • 1701,1.1•11 St y•lf OW,

Mr. S. Brighouse. coroner. reentsed the et the Ogee N.t,Herdoelt,on Tueeday. on the Andy of Tb mete Large, • collier. 44 yeam of age. of 2411, Rl•ckhronk-rnad. who ...meted by hang- ing. It will be remembered that the inspire wen elf-turned for the attendance of Dr. Hannah. of Arehton.in cnntequence of • statement merle try the widow, that the doctor wee urging her husband so no trek to hi. work, when he wee really until, and Ohio. thia lied proved upon her hu•liewt• mind. The widow recalled mid that three morphe ego he huebend, who wite • eullier.inhered hie beck whilst working at the riarmond Colliervend Awl been un- able to Wend hie work up to hie death. Ile en,..' on the miner. permenent relief funiLand wee under the were of Dr Hannah of A.M... Reed, on th• ',seeing of he day in which he committed suicide, her huehanorwhn had to ge awl gee the doctor that ' dayearil he would Conner he hanged then gn.•• he doe, ear I if he followed eonn tunplorment he would • ,It the lOner. off. husband ...seated hurt et toeing thought leer...nil eel If he could work he wou'd work the flesh off hie boney Ile bed mister rime, mentioned hie dew nclenation to go awl see De Vienne, De was only iteltl•nt file per •Inet'k on the petoseent tuaLend would he•e wide mire If at work. Dr lien.% teed he. ton. tint firet attended Lartre for a eprained hook Aft,rwntofn he wowed that he wan el end quiet, end Awl • eight: trete, of the hand. but all these mg, of Illness were tothiectlye nether than ohj,tive large cciii the If he touched anything with his head, 1..• whole holy trembled. They •senineri hen itnine for env tendency to wrestle for that, and kept hem under ctn.o ohmr•atlnn, but found that it •••• , mere delitsion. In order to keep to. mewl (rens the dislteinn, and en hie own interest, he ' Ilen,h). mtge.,' I that he should try •41•4 light. employment. He would have hews hatter following . sot, light .Imb est thin awing •t home think.. i•tO litlnUt it. The Coroner • This we. • keel of I counter-reel, againe hin morbid feelintr—Dr. Iferineh • Yew —the Coroner eanl thnt from hie , peruse, of Dr flannel be wee quite , certain that he gee e•ery care end erent ion to the deceased. awl the fill, anggestion of light employamt was to net we an entednre to deeeeeer• morbid feeling The jury p.- turned n verdict to the effect the the deceased had taken hi• own life during temporary Insanity brought shout by his low spent.. thr nigh not being able to Inflow hi. employments and they eitnner- . ered the One, from any hien. • peedevrayinv TO A r,r11441.1,11.11 AT NRWTON, A epeeist general meeting ne the member* of the Newton-le-Willrwe totr hell club wan held at the White Lion Inn on Tharetay ,reining for the por• tense of prreen'ieg Mr. R Loss, captain of eta, end , teenrwith • gol I rwelel in recognition of hie efforts in ronmection with the club. Lee rased the club

threw years .go a. • to•mber of the neentnd teem. I sad nuring the And year the eel) were champion. of the Warrington Ismael, play.) te.1,1, left. sad .cor.l in.,.t of the goal. wth• eh ...re obtain.). the rented ho.ntz 100 f.a and 12 agate.< The following year ha wan promoted to the And team, but that waa not very ouneeenfel. and tile riot" Iran on thy In'"? breaking up The clime. wae nacho's) ',hen 0.4, 00,41 PM., AOLOOVVG, 1011 11.1.0 1111111 aeverely hea•en, many of the members ...going fl,. myn*T?ttaSiO Wit going well far the en•olP,on- rehip cup. and it wee not thought to break rap tea ram. to thy vecue. and • wretch team ma......'1 em) the club Was 'boa enabled to obtain a ..fund of their Recruit money 11. 14.1•1•41,tly VV.I.VV• twat. wed by hi. /twenty he bay InePt the chi`, tovether At thy beginning .11k, sow. 1.0 ended he wan elected cap..in of the 11,4 grew and • sithottgo he had 14.•.141 offer. from cob-, Mots he decided In remain with Newton, end he has a 1.,, de- cided to remain 1111.11 11040011. Th• mymbery. t.hert., fore..oned to recogniae bin •n•rgi.. by p,ne.neleg him with, gold sack,. 11r. J Schnh.),l nosile the preeentatien. and *poke in at,gc,priale term. of Lee. rower, ion with the Cl'.). 'he medal Ws* an eacelbont woes of worlctonneotp..nekeed in • au), able raft.. and was " Pr...god .1 & Lye hV thy MOM hOVID IV the Neetton-b•Willow• Too'bell Clab ala, left/ "

ORLICInme lIAAMAI-711.6 IVA DILIA•1•K/S MA/ 4.411.101 • ammo.. a 1".• M.A.., It N 0.., HINNY 1111P.,,11M A 17 111•AIT Ito

...... 5. a' P.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
arbtrtiOnnent not elasfmnrb.

WANTIIID ay..‘ UItNIINAL ON tVANT. tt-N0..., tuvern. Hut Itarlestmtre.. I towiiii V/1111,1,KHIIIIR11. H0t..1 X.. 77, 1111.1. 444(4W1:"SLitY ,NNUAI nt:titlol. ANIVIVIIKS•11. KUNCONII.

on SUNDAY MINT. Or. VAT. TWO tiIIiM(INS 9,111 pwrched In WALTON DUAL) WIHLIY•N Clllllteli. NUMMI.

by W. Rev. O. R. 111000LLAOR. 11,..nny Sorrow at 10.30, livening at &O. Orem] aingnig b.. the ilehnibre Cbuir sotable coeopnelbune ny FROST non 31101. Silver entleal n

91..111/99 91197,9110 b 0 001011,0 to Jab* I St Vlnal ta.t vaele,.l 01,094 v. o.v MI.. 1.0 90. 3110‘le 1.10 91 (stamp, 01.9905.91 enare.o,ol. TIT.III[O. 30 01,010.0 10 0.0091. 0400,1 • I..lrseeed •D•91.010). .1•933, 31 011,00 alma.t. 1,0•1 la,

ANTIID. 4i104111141, Nurse I k • • In ."""1-13:it° ir opt —Mr. Ilomvurog. 78

W A !rKL, WlNh. rxer,:.n. H • arrox.,•,....ellport

Aly L;:.1 Nortls•irh.

I KIWIS .111 tend SOLI I • ;4,1°1" t.• Tit B,t„ ts. f..rt ?7, Mt. , P I.L.L.Ist now rea.O. ".' At! o. OtonowtT r '• LK.... St. 17." "" • or„„, t,t,t.t. Ott

)11ST POW LS for win., laying see ;Ile I.ANOSMAN ;now 11 2. 1!.I. per Walla, —J. da•ai, SWOT 4,1 LePage, .•laatnali,

g I COOK 081 YOU h. horill, three ; most washing ;oil linusenoSi end boy kept ...Mr HALL, Whitby. Yorkshire.

II USOILISTIannta all t nen. Wt arroday 11. al !NIA.,. Gain. or Voaueet . auto Maw Lirarp.A.

8.1 8188.811 IdIVIAZIRIII, Vot Iv. 8, 8,0,888. , 0.88•8188 C I$81•• 41.4,1 14.4141 I. k 44.1 e 44. 4 volo. .88s #I II 48888.1.. llaao •••••444.

tor Ittllll/11,11T1S11 The new anrlig-tly wertnle, S core 11,0 10.,! sopplin I g,.1 1.. .10.0 j 01 • a twinp• to llama.. Cannel etre.. , bleottun

13LteICPLIFIL. • lOLLYI4I,IOIr. Zl.llose.nrd. *moth Shore •PAIITICIIN r$ fr.' Smah (11. re Sta.'s and Vietorm Pier.

Nv•• flt IL gout 0 O 000 LS awl rss,.setstololllKL le Apoly 1•111,010. i•. SlNlsuere-e..K: Pooltpscl road. £B.l.leh. 11418015. W.

AV A it.nldliD.At zo;ort ia YIN ip.ll:!,V. 111;t;.7.471. Ac11101{.”„i Clifton Tern., 11.01•41. D

£IOLITTII-11AY. MLIAIIIIII 111.111.1.4 XII Ss f ASLI 1111110.e.elly sitasted.eloe.te INomouado SI Is. par sr*. PH.. lisaartms.sto rao.ronablss. _

. -- t IOLWY11.•11T. Ifousola Lat. lot private or L. 4.1 r-v• elnuto• talk Ito= Meech a. 4 Woolly tont el...sp. N. 0agr11T4,1111a.0...

.- - - I)tttZ'stl ritIZISY ' PRIZ OS yos went to yin s ems. pm:, tho Irish Bassets • eland 4 • lifetime. Ins.oet the '''llt-1111.," fire sotsttos. 54. " Pososoe'e.' first 43 • 4oLlass fd knlesrs, ' fine 12 solutions 34. ' ',got me U,, ere M e'ltat.oss 34., .s the ks. P 1 le 8,19,1 .1••1,4 'otsre. --fiorestr Butt rot ime Co ,13, Cstrsesost-et.. Bents,

ItHIM AAAAA S. Vila SOAMUI .111. 'MUSIC Mut pos.. thrtr...,1.1, pm/tore.. . table terms 301, per Kay and Ju.i.

RatIPSUTMII.I U0111•L was.l4 Irma Urth or p!1... —ln. . elwrel en le Frith.

_ 0111.11141, 4,ror 16. Oala ambles, taelly olll,lran -Apply.S Choweb-rosd Clnals•••••

OULICIGUeI ukztwsrrl. TO& puucl.us MAZA N•r TOA Swale. Lb. 1.11/1.. 1..1 Sole Who pa.. And R.tdl Avert, • Ler Wore Al II MONT MILLING a CO III 5, liondmaGed de ftn I GorpereAldre 11.1elengo. Vlarri•er, o

===== 0002601_18970514_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
INQUEST ON A CHILI) AT NEWToN.

THE COMONItIi AND lIK. ATK At the ladle,. Ina, Newton, on ,Nodniteday wire. Inc, 181.04 netchono, cora, MP! I an minor, into tha arcuate...woe attending the Awatn It•••• 1. Illomp4lo . YoK4y, aged two pyre, Oho illegiennate child of Area /della,. Int* of flarmarket Terrana, Ptdinburch, which I tnoll pleo at I, •Ilrad-ist , Newton, no the 911 May Dr. Hennld Walk... arm prompt duionc the tonviiry. Prom the vahlea,mldurol, 1 wo•ran an advertisement op. pmard in the lontiurch firming Neva " absot ton years 4, In, • • nnan to adopt • mond. Mrs. rhorip- ,•a,oo 4, 411144-re , Novena, tern whom the &canoed 1,.11,...1.1.1.p0 ;it ~h.0,n.a.41,,net, in . Mr.. 11, oho was thee 1,71 n: on Ithn [arch, and oad anonym woman tn and woad all anion Ire,Potre 1..1 acion the mine wank and brash: the child, and arrancad ''pay Mra Prom Yon 1111 per ru neri for boning the anal, ant pail £3 dean Int three month's hms, and promised 0.,. say LI per month 111.1'Wel4B, hat 1)1 1)10 a, In yr...unbar ITIA, fltoonrSe. the woman V.,rwest reoportinc the, pay- . noel WY mil Me nal not won the mother ol tbs child awns Tnomposn had taken V, hat ...posted her coomeg •very day, and anon she did onny eta onal.l In,. 0.44 tse nines, Eat P.rroot new, tont ono mowy la 0010400:. 18115.denaawd baname •r 111 and amo t• haspbtal lor oncla ,Isoldren aoanna-roodjahahntih, and remained thew men Med wesalt in December, 18)5, wion Oath... mat b. 11..enp• a te Fetch tha t0c....,] c....,] out as 044 y Ott Old an, it en; Lace la N•wcather, Thompaon want aim, to am 9,r05e1, but found I.ll' had nonorol, and noel not had out ••tiere sae load cone to. 511 tho •utit ti.d talt-n 1,.,? tare Inc Maas. Tonamain wa.itot until April 111911, aud , num Informed the ,rtoh •..bgratt. s. who albs srod he , 2.. 61*.. amok I 4 sue, tiny ea the • manor enuld n• i nand In.; however failof I,,ftml either the lathe,, • ths woman r •rrnot, 4nel 6.11,111.1.1 to pay the all...wanes up en the hecinninc of April nue v.r ones Thompson ' It Klatestch no rasa. to ?Corte. •be was innsoal the fillal I.elal le.re Awuraoro Isan Nnsata, fy 1 • gum CZ, but no proonotta tad Non paid Is &saunol! of no intent Imisc at Newton • Decomol had bon, net; detente mom harm, and had noon attended •t Ii linhurch possan• same( to Near- . too and appeared to ha Wetting •way. "Me arm attended Ihy ii,. H.. II Watkins on the B.h not,o •onl ate oppaarod to !A aa issue until sbatt 0.30 p tn. os the 9oi on., when she •opYratl haw •Pt • and death t., Lee. hef-an-ho.sr lator It wan ataoal that tha p•onno apMisd Co Itr Watauga la• • etartoneato ; ud he told them they could have one I,rr 5a The poll. old •11 Moe 0.0144 0., bone.,,. tha cause of death, but the d..rt rotawd In cow an, partieteara. l'eten ,ineatly an aquae had la to held. th.llannd *Sten. emol the • Ann had mania... fell. I betty partscalars t Amon, boO.. 0.5 nat we attend , rho ~hood ho so.old rvrt oen 'hem the Information Had the pole. mked nun In. Natoli hs you,l hove slams 0h.., • certificate at ..no,

- Tho +le.., .644 th• hai b., brought about hg Dr.Matkles not hem. Kr.k.ghtl•word •••• that mot., 11. .4.144..,, told thd that Mg mon had ••••.I•4 lb. 04.t1.1 . 1,64 b. g.mr 41,:1, so incr... • WS hay& h•en urionr•wary. A wrr..1.13 .• 11.• Us from nal.aral a.m. •s• g•ra

===== 0002601_18970514_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAlt IN THY. MetsT.

lowan haa lenta lb•al• 11/lating In Itporus A tan-eb ha., It. ...pt. I.ean. ppeon Arta. awl It, tentla clean,/ ~to rilipplenl• T. lath, an ant ~ffenng on .e. nte eventean. and ,irlend thee paw, al* thehgh the ear h. Wee alar• Lawn Apo. 41 ,4 .170'3 Oat: en. 01 isenv. I. , her,. anew. 11 • 14010 Imq...rtaleoP t• I. atter...ll to laat taw.. Ql L.. la Neon 17 the tact that f,ne.,,tat of tha tea Teri.. bet•alk.se Uwe, 00r0441 to 4 televato aentenar, han hem thepato.,l aganet IC•latentka olnera tra lan.* floe late. tem.-cheat ~t .he t,hrk• .r•lne• 114.•enak•. which a (ha tenant. of hut Vole If tilthaAa se,al4 perhaps I. tab, ~,n/nett. with UM to wretenta .0 the l.ren ~me0i.,....tb. tenet, net beg...a Kinn.. an Naafi 1 j.• that era. rep oted aertercl., I. valley• to ter. Kalannake and Ttik.la ha. hen the lead q neer. of •ho military se ••It? tho Nets n•I Lesaue eantay the "reek f that ou deleenhog Trtahata eel the adds and ea. of (be ar ay whet halte t Noon •tne ',Nat theta tatreat le the one h lot.. •-•14.1., ! Ktilarnhalt 1nt...t0 aathree'll atalnla.• laravesal, the Totten ht. runt,. tr, no. It,. Dna., hot It la Anne. that the Ikeeek sown la oaf/arta( hell, Inn leek I then., la. the a•ha.hee SOt Out •bandant The far. etc. Keen. IO,C01•4 tau poet. Sr. apperretta Ann( 041 tag , tar v or ale ant be tear.,s•,' it I .1,,a 0.01 .07 Ina•e I ar•J Olaf Otealtai ranee •he s.a.e. Ink • 4 the lihn-11 vety. ad, ta eat fi thew ...trot if heel, lithe br•tak UM.. AI, tkraur, tee •at the ..e•olno have noun theamele. Nagel." ta te• osae

nlll.lOlOllll 311•114.0/• lr• TUS 141.:lo1/4 Nat v.• rt. MI - _ .

11.1. w1.4.0pb1-,•• awe. ••••..• P Zpr,••••••• hiP•AKT 11111.11/10 • AM, .ME LID

===== 0002601_18970514_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, P „

===== 0002601_18970514_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT 'lO ALL.

-- teeny person's future ia, to a certale elft, in hi. own hand. Many future which might have been brillian, has been darkened by lack at the spirit of sell help.. Many a home wide, might have been gladdened be life •nil health, and comfort, hen neen eaddr.w.d hy poverty, illness, and death, In many cameo wholly pre- vrotible. The 'wring and summer rnoMtis are, frnm sanitary point of view,arn,ng the most important of ti e veer. Buie rare may now mean • healthy and happy auminer and autumn, and rennet constitution ti never the trials of nest wwter. Neglect may now ..1471 a less au'emer, a trying aißusim, and • broken eceatitu. tion aticeumb under the attacks of any exceptienal trill. There see indeed few that do not feel the system needs recruiting after Olin trying winter they have ousel through. With some it is " only a little cough," and others, ' • tendency to bronchitis." with otherr, not quite up co thy mark,""a vitt of all over slaking feeling," a. tvi weak to do anything about the house."" these i recurring headaches," no appetite for any fend," be. These and a &ten othera ale common expreesions which all point to tho urgent need of some good tonic. What change of air can do for you In • few months' time—if you are no worse then than you are nosy —4 course of some goad monk, mixture, a reliab!e wedicine at established reputation and of preyed 'if tIIA will do neer. Torre are several tonic WV.. to be had, but none which have been sn kmlf..rmly suremeful as Ger ilym Pratt' Qoinint Bitters. 'rho Vegetable Tonic. It bar sever been known to fail ; send fora pamphlet of teeth mosials and rm,, the voluntary teatimeny thcrein nen- tained. Then get liwilym Even,' Clainine Kitterft,which will prier/ to be your bear self.help. We have sympethy with those people who alwaye complain of bring ill and miserable end nut Curls, When ac. time of 0 ym Ewan: Quinine Bitters would anon air thew right. Sold in bottles, 2'. 91. and es. 61. each, hy all chewier. and patent medirinn vendom, in direct from the ptopnmrt'eci The Qu,nine Bitters Manll- fscturini Company Limited, Lividly, South Wale., Carriage free by parcel yeast. Beware of in:Rations. Bee 'lie name of " Guntur, Evans " on label, stamp, and h illr ; awl refuse my prvparnt offered eauni,b, /Mut, for it.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
1314.1.'0RK TH H IMAGISTRATTS.

Psalm re SIP, TO 140-11rou ',Burton TO CHOURY.N. 111 Ihe Borough PAO, Collll en T under ITlherllfle. be. fore Al ,ormen lirirriFun (iis the chair) and Mr. Bich, lredeTi k Ancock, described aa • puddler, living at 14. Wrigh•-street.faarkee Briaign,and ht. wife, were charged haying no the 3,4 May, and at divers other times during the part sir month, neglected their children in no, a in Inner.. hart to ranee them unnecessary bodily .uffering.—lnepect, 111,A,err (N rind that Oh the day in quntion he yialted the honed tig delenti..nta at Sank. y Bridge. in consequence et certain nompleinn which were twitle to bun The female de- bars.' and the children pr....eh-A a red, liable Abb. mppearan,. The latter were drewed in dirt, no, end were literally alive'' with vermin. There err nolth, hind, fine, not lornittlre It, th, house, and the kitchen in which they were living did not appear tr have been cleaned for • hmg tint.. The neruhti.m of the upper portion of the honae teas lade,. ,jp.hie. No fewer than eaten per.nna slent in ono. 11, The wile complained lb .t her hunhand thd not inputs her with sufficient money to keep on the ~,,, ▪ •111 called at the brume on the 8, inst, inp hinthand Was at time 1111 thin occasi.n, and he nit the ..hildren were richt enonch " was man who yen per- patirilly drunk —P.C.Woodotationed at M,nhrt Bridgna or. 4,,rrnhwative evidence. Ile said the lied tell to plenty when It was touched. The Male defendant Worked four w fire "turns" • week, as • rule, at the tome. lie was a rtruhken men. —The fenale defendant mai., it,, did ha beet en tar al ale couht.—Mr. Kitchell It is • very tnuerable ,sar. then --Aycock ratted Juane flarford, who statnl that the terwant van u,nployed hr lom at the fen, and he did tot nr four total. • week. Interrogated by Mr. lTtu'i it, viitnenn admitted that the defendant might have Ave tome every werk.—thiartnen Hammon rug- ' Fes', an adidirnntent of the yaw to mye the delend.! ant. sia,ther charm, but Innpector McAteer objected on the around that adj.intninentii did more harm than gond in 18 fluent 20 eaniw.—Mr. Birchall aunt that was his !sperm..., and that it Ira. the duty nt the Flench tii rFoFert children who could not protect thrimulyn.— The prlirmeni were committer to prison ler • month.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CAM.

WARRINGTON ROHOININ POLICE: COURT. rat I lAT.—Betore Ahre mm Wright (ritrirman). Cooing IttMertes mot Mr R. Garnett. Peastalt.tr Cart reg.—Gem, Posey. Iwthene's kne, owe rh effort with having ow lb 24th Are° and other ttater pen gtstlo n 1 persistent emelt y too his w fe. Martha Woe, showing het to lives.... Itom Wm. Mr, A Itrowne at.. petwel for nompinth•nt. and •It a war m tent 1,80 A Erne tv as he Lad es er expert-newt Defenthott wits in • go, I lltmnll4 oremm ImiltnAlter stetting Et melt amt www.t.re ES The, Intl teen marriol ID yew, *lll 1.1.0.1. ▪ 101 l losel two rn.thr for been h ton, over. *le had Nut Mute• mut biog. Fyn. to vett sn ••tost that Me could not lie loth him a, longer: 02„1.„.... hardly ever Otontay nights toul nerd filthy Iwwtmae te It. Ottittren. Mn rove, lan It en ow Montt, last end took her three children with ho hstst hot t lore Mee of hoe own. tont le ht.l trot, he • fits. 11. Them nhlOwn had since been m Mr. rovey sad wk. her to take Glare in Mill? were I righGnerl of him Mts ey otreoterstiet titer 41.1 tl•leortant 114.1 never • emtrel to Onto. her .In' they woe married.— Defen 1. ant mkt he wm wilting to Iner mgantle Irons his wile—Mr. Boot or mskel tor order of 2le • week brlentlant offered V's The Marls mast. an ontr. of 18s. • wrelt. .114 11,. wife 1. 1,.,. the nt•lnGnmea of the ehtlAren wader IN

lln‘r•v.—fle,rf Alderman Harrloan (In (ha oder). M. T. I3imtv.ll. and Mr. J W. M.,,rsrd. n1.11*{{1••,44 -ThM11•• lArla,s. 17. Cromadv-strr4 sad . .

Jon, Oodin. In.. Peed., told snow dent .11th for Ar10n.... The In.. n. 14.11.12 and won nwl the y no•ntters prison tor one month wllloott the natl. •4 a In. It wn 1,1 24th n'llow noe• Tn. ter Or Iwo .1.111 P14..il 111444.14 414,1511.- Joseph Lowe, ot nn 11.4 2112,41 ,•hanted with steWlng from a rsillwme eirtlatt at D•lnny on blsreh 211th. • .g 14 her. povender. value Id, the toopwly 4 Mess.. Mellott K.. not Co 112 e 11/11.1 Lni141.4.4..8 44.4.41 tlut wes the enstons .4th. 4.4 on Inertia,. to lone • another 4 tb•gt .4 provender sent from itnyieek tool pin • 214114, end hllt Owl. until they ottild 11. son• veye I to tl.• oviagnne's •I•hle• In Foundry-Wrong 11.12 low-earn war followed on the day In gown.. and tea hags hor. prorend. r were seen 4.40.14 three 2211.12 Int. Warrington siding In • lore.. t. rington 71411 SI, Taylor. At ton o'olork he wont with ot bey emptoverste moon. the h. 2 11l lhe st•lfe. and thoto were then only nine there The talon. .4 seen Innglng anwil the 0,4,12+1 ens nispeotert. II •. however. dowarnped 22.2.2 the tn.. 1211,1 it, hatdon, treeing rawly seven o cloth. ftetry.l. Inspector limner. n.l Detective Ihnter tr eyed blln It, Oreenallete.t. When thay elnry,dllll2l 44141, 4.0.1 In, the .• 114 4,1,1 he 204111 to • man mune.' Ores • greetal grin+, and Inaltnr Int, In Silver. ono . T. p non, I ngg.teg. wenth.l4lll with the provender and told him he tonne, It la the snort Go. gave hlm 12.61. or 2s. for It - Frio,. who Own., guilty. von .nt to dn., I',. month. Batnew 42 1214 Prtea Janns 1114411 e 1.11,11.41, T. Phlp volt. and Potted. Mann rhltn. latroine. 1.114,1 7.44. htnewtrera we. stemma., 111 afo4,lnt •111 111. 1.1 Maw-41.0.h. Tomer ant Whotalter proved th.• e se sad the delewnnts 11, hound over to keep llte tor elm months teeny t • Minn, —John 14•2210.g.1,120ttrev 27. nrehard. elm, was firing Is lor allowmg him chimney to Le on tiro 0•41.146 ow TUE Vooerarn t.,,,,. .1.4.. handheld Park. West tg•rhy. wa• 1111+.1 Is antt ana. for 2..112.• hh,rle .43 4144 1..44114 In Knutsforthroad on May Tod. - P 112,112 m provol the ,ww.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PKI I Y SSION

MeThayer. -Melo. Cantuln Wlthinettin trihnlrmani. Colon. .T. J. 0111reine,C I. Bor .. .. , and, I. WI tn••• 11110111. • A Jew —John know les. of Nev.., .1.11 1.04 14 end riot. lie tieing drunk &hi .11.01ri47 on the 20th Inet Ile see sten etvergret with threatentng to shunt w. trotting In 1.0rI11g1•et —Mr. Brown. raoriamt.li,, r.oreph.lanal. •0 Oil.. defend.. -In et.ting the ay Mr Virelen. ...eve., 'her 'that.. wiint 06. of lbs def...t en the .14. newetl to nO.4lhone men., uri an gni. euppilat aril wh•n 11.. Jelott.tant found rwt whit h. I.. immediate y IOOk or • gun In the Iro.r. throitlon..l to shine .he Ire/ to It, The gun •••• token front the 4rifen.l.l 1014 It, WI. hug to, rented rem onion no in, ore. MI. (Mr Hr. inno•oicliont 1•44...14 woo. ,to Ida. 114110 1404 --Mr. Itia• 0.14 'ea Wink at the It n- rile rem ,fM111,41, Mid Se 0.4 l 4 on. • h thin ' with hi. %tile &hunt gettl g gonde on theopAl•tn n: the c-sinotalrinstt mid worn tat e. tn. 1., the duo? the tie, 1.01, Innen.. 1.1 ilrlos, dl,l.TlllTlhe.. allnierl to. Ile tO4 no iniontlon rrrrr ing out 'h. ttotrat amit rte..hig It. Mr. 0ni0n..., rile... 012111oet ihe nt•ni•l•ntet, with that Sion 4..0141. en, Gr... ITt o to. hen .1 In 1,1. r•••lnuinarire. tt alit, that f•,111•SP Ott 4.1 ,0.01 - tune train 11,111,1 th tun In tils own reengoniewee of LIO tor ........Ill'. Qii•nottt.t ''c IlAt•Toti I! Triili wan chrrol w.tti In.ing on r roil A, eswittit.l 11.1.0011 Dr... —l,O rweivialnant, *ll,l .41 Mot oh. 1,41.1

• CANTER'S LIME -It PILLS. BFAU IRIL TEETH SOZODONI

dins., .rt men, ltnp.Ctlt that nn nor ilyte 11.11,1,1 tha fen .ed iorum net several time. and scratched tier tem. Tin Inaltnt's dater came to her rewoe. Wltnew dorre4 that . her tem hyd lin attest the ileimilent's boy down -dairy loop, 7 Sutter etreet. Newt, a pOOlOO-,. gave et Wove. a • seeteig the damn... Willie Mrs. Bradley.- Itilwitietb I.yoet nen, 10e Wen. ',eighteens dare 00,0. -- Jr,. Renew, brother .4 11,0 defendant (Mrs. Trigg, wit thee Minot. with onsa•talng her •n the '43101 *Pal tie o me deity -Mrs Tri g d..,.nsed Shot the detendant Ord It her wrist the "meth outlast Itle thumb into her Ibsen.. it anode., h r •galnst rime Iler note ed Pstedwart. ot Newton Common. and P.C. Wil Malmo .1.0 wee et idmet in support It,, Menge -The de- Wu fen • id the cenielatannt thrtesteue4 hi. •ile. en • It MIA In emseqemice of hint radioing .it her that the bother re- seed.- •• he magistrates hound Mtoy Trigg over for sie montht n minty ot £5 en the erst ot awsult, and deo neeibtiii,, mere ics riv r to suretles tot m- wolthm Misty Trigg. The. Dsn,aßn-e POOOlO,l It, an 1100IMICK.-J hot Austin. ti toy. reel., with hi, rent, yew ygeln tyoodd tip in It .iharge Inseam tII Vie 10011 fibril an award y mid grandly raw.* bar ..f Iron on the Havdelt t flamer., In meth is number as to end nu, the tote -The hoe tem no. w onto (led by W. fatter -Mo. M wev of ta edet nevi§ nini 'he Hayden sod St Helens Tref', way Corrado, •MI the goestion Ott eh. Panininimit the blv shottle twelve. at the Isot Com, he (Mr 110.000 i was In- • tl. he lenient towards t• •1 a her mot ask lb I Inane. nt penelt vltOtw Imp° et wlech wet. twee h • p. 1.1 by the lel:, - Would editeont to On 14 inny blr dttet • 111. to in newt.. tnrecaulatiste Won th reel. given et the ,naVir.Ull Court. The n. It Mat shown, .place • a her of trim In the groove of the tramiesty and wat detected • dorng so toy PC P The tr on ow to, at id, tirn at '1 host .in 1.,, Mallen P of ths pods, officer an .Cl 'en. watild 1., el • p /dahlia, have immured -PC Pydkner gave 4,1.1.11(V.- Vie ty it, (ether •.1 i Ito to, .44111111 to be blaihed slot was wing attended by a doctor.-The mean- ly/tan Immo d fine nt a did mots.

I,nr roc' ••t• I lisonwrwhr.—Ttid w-re dwilt with' for Jai .11,news —Stedlii away, slid Jowitlinn tbe.ilgt April at 11,viti D. MO cwt.. _

Prrew v.., Toss.- Jan,. wns hoed s*. and John .140. 2. 61 And r ots John Hor, ,s 61 .nd Arthur fhb ton Is and ant, hd- having ed Ditch awl loss In It illiornh.st,e,. Whom, on the 254 h Agall PC ,01111111.1 1b.,.,.. —John Ihsede. Jobh liasehlen Ws, ler Benno., ..nd Joshua Abbott. We,. .11 Kb. ged swi•h Waving nden awl tos. In Pe.l.str., H,, mek. on ay 2.14 After rvld-we hi PC Knorehlf h•,ets def.-nd inn, was flow, Is snd cost,

A I..VOILUS I.IVEM. William Horan rots olvtr,rot having ton tne fitlf Ayr ot Hop,. 1,, • 'torso and ntrt on otgootonv In n monitor t otos, r oot • ton Iran prottrtgo ottho• tl. -P.O li.frol fro proof, I t lot Afro co, owl • Brio of I Zs. fid. ond 00,114 •Ri• 111,t,

••••11 ..... • i• J Fradon. of ch•reed Pa hem.. • dog wlllyont a license ow tint llth April.- Deteiadstit pleacle I not •opli y —Th. avl Inner of I • whim wsa 'Ad a dog was f dand at 111. flat soda.' honsr. for whirh ha was inv.'s.. yr-atoms • limos. Th. d••• slatml lladt ha had gl• ft. ardmal awav, Lilt it oon toodol to vl.ll Is . loom paint ams • Awn who. lld ImAc •or soli< • 111 cols 004.1 PC. W Williamson WPM Iwo- 'toned • limns.. for Om dog whlnh ha stdtyl was p.fl*lltaLllll hy PAN .Im•dsnt. nsagistrata• 'thud," d the cae..

( ! Demon Orly, flats are the granddr made. lhadrr's :Cm Matt, OMr retain their r atm. and last longer than ant o• her. ill,lloe. tren ,111.1rII tre etheytinnal y arml BOWIFT.. Wind 0 ores are far onertor tr. the othd einad Rtradr v.., Ilerm are mml, to wear Remote Diary and thromanlon la Item to- Fri Amtte tor gunner, ridadodire fr.. Idled ord. Ilmllltheit ow 36 a3B got. 11 Vicioria-ereed thodod. Yet:doles Proktuarn, Intt, .1011. and liintarrant, 36.16 ,1k

V Seoretarlos ot Cricket C,tilas are renwated t note that rep ,rtt of matr.het 0.96(1 on 84tur.lay rent to the' ,tra.t OM, 11,4ey arr.. t, W.1g,?0n.1 later than 10 oc,ock filumlAy to 011i11,, they cannot no interted. waRNIMOTON V. 011.IITHAM —l,ia 'notch at Aryl, .n Satorday aro. ni t.. ex,ent by a dem int! ,1111 winch ddaced atar,, and intxrrunted pia, A ~•••11 an me was the s esult. Score and boerl.na aoaly.is . .

nllcn IIV liibbt I, W Parker 0 Tlonatlls . J Call n 0 Allan I Clacte OW b W W K Ifinnlalr lbw I 144. her . 31 Perlessima II W /I Poluorn nat out '.AV,,,s.yCW nlnclaH Yarn, 2l Unglaral 0 Tlnkaw b Parker 0 G Hampton not ant antra. 1 Halra•

Total—. ..... 25

.11.1,11. ratIMIX•II.

Pviter 2, !I 51 4 Slm.k./w W A 11.., ... 20 852 2 21,41 .. 11 8 4 I 111 Sinclair 3 0 / 0 Clrke . 1 0 1 •1 nt/.kre.. 3 1 5 0

........ . - SIa.KRY Win blz•to V. Winn?. sir,. Itose.—Tnu. match, grlsch tn.k Was. nn Saturday nntb. Wninsr 'ground IV. Irtnes•od no • IV bf

I 17:717en,a;ra wniTtn., W, it in, hot tn the inter., diaappnintennot of thair runp,rter., ,Ave •.ry feeble displar, the howling and gelding of the visit,. Wine ' entwaaffnaly and merorate. Runs we, very ditt- o!. to vet, And the weoketa fell fast, only eleven oven one sem, tile whole side onliapeing f..r the ;In, • of which nix MI., tt ti...k 5 wich..t• I, 5 rub+. and Werhurton 4 fun 7. Menlo miet lion, di.. the smart vatc, c. ,f 141 liatno, arta Evan. (21, and an admirable piece Citing by Crt.kill, which coptliewl the lAA Artrk,.. TI,.

T.. entered n Met, es,t..k with the 6.4°0 It,' three wicks 6 le•ore it,, itetry Agl gains.,• I ri.r.wph rns gneel lyer'sg en the 6.,et i Vsrehlll, and H.Asnri. Ihi eeiitaiselit 69, the hitri Mill 6 thet sinning hi 51 run' thi:

me,teetee, a e 1 ... 2 vll Wm. S Woobetron 2 W.A.,. e Ilineaan. Willowls awl 1... S War. ..... A

o , - button .......... ............. I Wm.. Ilarher 3 'Mow 2vaor b Wtsrhursur I ' Irlhir tn., run nut 2 II ~ham ....... 0 end. u Marl hltsreln.lahs IT llsst h Nahum 0 flo.sel,ll Krdlre 6 J Rsrher u h v use h Illnhsono Mrsrshrll r11.,n S Borlsrr •11,1111. re Martls.llo llohels 3 ...hum Is 8.1.er O Bsrher nul out ...... ......... I SI ',p,}, S Elsdler Wrrhurlon ..... 0 hl sr 4,01 thle &Hey run our 00

BUCKLI.V.STUFTIT •. N•wetT.Roen Wt., F•irn Id on ',molt,' in r••• horn.. rn wg'tt run._ Jiro,

.. ACCIII.c•ATIMAT. 41.C.167 04/1.4. Jol, e 8 i it, .1 I. Jon•• .. . Ilhewn la .I.olno 4 I. intborh, a A A 1441,1f1e 'A .4. h Apph 1cr...... lAnin den, c Mx, h Jones... 1 Hot 'Mil, e 11• AAA h Jolley I roe, 4 itoit'lth, Appleton la Jones J. not nut Ilaeltrant la .Innte ateedon e AnWeten h II Leach e at la Jette• A tuanh tun not . . Y lautela het net

6 WlñtMrn,a.. 6 App'.fr..

5..1.1.11 run nut. Kenh...• h Olor.boton 11'trio lO llxtram

PITR W•t.1.11 & SOM, 1.1.111,1. Jar v Sr. 131.ritis'9 C.C.—Marna h. Brewery •urk4

.... . . r W 41.5 PT • soil. PT IMPIIIIPS. W Ashtnn t, Flarno.• J Art., st Bredslmw b W R...&'1.b T &on fl • elvorartli . J 2•11.4, b nrrW, II All, n, nnt T InAA not ont T A 1....

T 6•11.6 to Todd

Tw.n•r A AO,. W

I ran ..... T .141, b To4d.

W Wft. W!.101n0t...• 0

I Tilling

b T Atka I 2

--- - - LIVER . tx ~., ,•••11 FL I ...:‘_. Wee.. tr.. I , , viltilt. 41,41 a • , , -...,, ".. Cloik n IN. Torp..l r vv.., Itlle. , INA... AI, k 11.41.,, pe •,,,I, '! tavrt, FLU-Va. l 'I. 11,•:, ~,, lid' 4...

===== 0002601_18970514_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Pure

Every II wGrd and action ood take. vitality IMPI from the blood: every nerve, muscle, bone, organ and ti,ate depends on the blood for its quality and condition. Therefore pure blood- is absolutely nee, egsary to correct living and healthy bodies. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the great blood purifier. Therefore it is the great cure for scrofula, salt rheum, humors. sores, rheumatism. catarrh, etc.; the great nervier, strength builder, appe- tizer, stomach tonic. Iwo for dyspep- sia, indigestion and kidney troubles. Try it. The good it will do you will nuke you a warm friend of

===== 0002601_18970514_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Hood's

Sarsaparilla s•-,t po.t p 2.1.1 rerrlpt of pr1V.41`.6411: /loud& Co. lAA., (now bonion, F.. C.

Hood's Pills wies aft. Wove, aid Ow..

===== 0002601_18970514_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
PADUATE.

WERLILVAN SCSDAV Scnoot. APINIVIIIIS.T.—The versa. •PrVierlinon,- in e,lifieftlorl • Ith the Weider. Chore?, were preached on Monday lest. There wan • good hw at ut.hor when the pulpit wee riccuporul ha the Hew. Thomas Ription. of Lytham. He took h.r hi. I the following words "Hilt I would not homey.-u to be ignorant, brethren, core ?ening them which:an .deep. that se sorrow girt even n others which have no hope. For if we hello. that Jr4ll. and 1,..1 again, even to them also which slewp in will Gel beteg with him." In the afternoon • 11 ?wer writhe wee held which was daoooo,l by the 1t,., John yhege, ~f Warrington, when the 44.,3 wed fl led He di livered an 5iii,1.4.11 suitable to the 0Ce4.4i011 feint the ten, Consider the lilies," which w • very atten- tively hate o-d to. Refire the commencement of the we're.. the Sunday echn ?I echnlars and teachers formed pr neation nod inaroiled round the chapel emg- Mg the hemin • We pre marching on, with shield and henner thigh?... When they •rrived at the pulpit the hunch,. it 11 worn which Hute carried were pieced in a frame and the children whited themeilee• tin the plat• form. In ?he evening :ha church proved for t for the c mgregni inn ; although tales 110ChInnintleihd along the aisle. this church won 15114 d Ell overt! wouv and •everal uhue huced to, take their sesta in the Who droom. The eervice was •gain conducted by the Rev. Th in. Roppon who pi...itched Until the ward. .• Re that it faithful in thin whirl, la le.l is faithful also in the which I. mud,, and he that it ohjoet tin the ! least in ...F. also in ?mull." A busmen "The city nf the king." VF4. given he Mr. F. ft and opoci4l hymn. were at,,, rendered he the choir and ontier•gati,. Mr. Thom. Halter preeided at the organ Collections wore male .41 behalf oi the Sunday ochool fund...mint- ing to £2.4 Mt. 11,1. A ArrvlA. Arlo alto held nn Mondtn evening a powerful sermon WWI delivered he the R... Dinudal• V. 'Yonne, of Mtnliieater. There manor excellent etendance. Off.rtorieit were again taken ..n hehalf oh the Huntley echo..l whi,ll amounted to £5 4.. 41.,m•king • t.tal of £29 Si. 3?, I.

FUNERAL OF MR. 11401189 BRNNET C. The terming nf the lat. Mr. Trinfliaa Bennett arme , Interred di the W.rnntfl Cement, rin Swept*, , In. linty wai 1,,t c,ineernd to Oh. Wneleran Church when. thn greator pert 41 ic. burial anryine tonk Place ina.thil of at the ni.mntnry 0,4,1. • largo nata- -1 her of 'el iyey and friends att.nded bi pay a last mirk lel ...pi, to the dennane.l gentionntn who wag highly tretermed in the wash, urhiood. The anrwice wag road hy the ritts. aftnr mb.l, ho hymn of itp,et, clef, It roe' mung. The John ()mu ne'l nkrhh thou made • low well chomp', rnmarha, respecting deceased the • intoning friencin The chief nvorners won, Mr. William J. flnnts-tt, Mr Alfr.,l Bee. nOO. end Mr Pon, Sennett, ann. Be.. F Nhiholnin Myrinnrue fluichiniatn and Mr. P. Wright, isme in layr ; .I•4'n Bennet, Mr. Jittaph Itonniatt and Mr. Witham Kennon. hr..ther• Mr. h illiam flooglitots. Mr. John Honghimt, M. James If mghtnn, Mr. J **ph Seriatim, Mr Tlinpaa 11,mghtnn and Mr. Joseph Houghton, hrntl ers•i.t-liant Mr Walter Henn,. Roy J.din tionnett, g..nnor, jun , Mr ff yhert Hatton, Mr. Arthur Bennett, Mr. W Blain Bennett Jun Mr. • Evey (hang, 01. P,ei Houghton, Mr. James th-nnot, Mr Henry H iiighton, and Mr. I.i.,inard Itnnnett, : and Mr. Pr.,. the 'unreel cortege thrn worded it. way C.. the grim-tory where the leneral snryie. waa c mmlideel and the newly laid 111 It. la., maim., place. Am ines, rhoa. gyn..nr at the graveside At aitir ma io the rela- tive. wet. Mr. Jain.. Fairelongli (Mayor of Warp ntit I Re.. 5.1 Lwh.harn. U EI,., Kiehar.loon. W. H. J. Jenkins, ilrarr Itmit. E C. p r. Frsnri• Diem, H. It. Stringer. ttinhat 1 Bennytt. J Mainwering.l W 11.11, Alfred Wrlghi. man Li•h, Cant'. H. M. Min., Willie.. (7artnr, Atha, Caen., anit Plunt Tlo e whirh wts of pilishell nak with btum in,. wee mselm by M•. Padgato, and ho. the pli.n 0 rhnrnas Bennett. died Men ti-n 1697. aged 4311 nrere (unreal arrant...rata wet.. ca•inutt rot h. Moo,. I . and W. Ihettnn, w•r,ing... A large tauten,. I Weautiful trih,,tos cot. anntoncluding a neattnia,ent on. In the shape of • mot len'n d'ecraatrd'r frmi'v. The 111. wmg la • list of thorn wln. sow airman , Mrs Tonne. Etennatt f amily,Mr Jot' Hong, s,id family. Mr. and Mrs. Mal., Roon,ni, Jam"- and She Ffninghtin.alisa Am, Lacy (Lin.l.,r),lgr. and Mr. J lm Ronisott and famlly. Mr. and Mrs. fir.init Warturl n, M- and Mm.lirthitr lionmot, Mr Harr,. and family, Min, llammnnd •nri Anni.. Mr. and Mrs. flon.ihtnn. Mr Jiwnrili Ronne, (UAW. C.,trag-1. F:9011. Jorlnke 'l,anuhurath Mt Mohan' Ifrodhud and I intily.Mr.and Mrs Rayenn and family .Mll Witham ilinighton. Mr. and Wm. wilhaan Bresteett,M, and Mrs I Matnarariiir 20,1 I anntly, Ann', J.eepll. and Join.— (Winwiri ). Huughtua, Mr. Jaren. tint, nett, Mr F. rry E N .11.01. Aand Mrs. Hand. Wrlght.Mr. (I. Litt '. •nil 1,1•• Enntalea Mr. and Mr. W. E Thornton, Mr •rtt Mr.. B. •rl. `tr. an, Mr% till Mr. and 1.0,11, .Me and Igni.fla,,e. Mr. and Mc. Furn.y.l. Mr Moms, Mr. and Mr. lan, %I, cod Mn.. eh, A Fred. Mr •nd Mrs Who, and•Wpa W lit,, go Bent, lc.' h. grandchild...al p Yr and Mro.J.Mn II oughirm.' Mr eh,' mte unte•nr, Mr and Mrs. A Perry (Irene.. Mr. and Mn,. IJ, Klehahlaan and family, Mrs. Salbatty,

Inn. Alvnetr B tato° b 9 tit, C Lit t Ntiiiiirti ILL Litisitay Ashton y HitllLtra( Timm'

iota., &loot, an.i . tio•IT I as • oataiallos. m malt, looms • • tr ty that Comm m to..ated Samson Ito 1.11, • ' T.• Tb . I 11,.e or.lrertll, oin , lawlr .

nrs trarunlay, +nth Frochharn wen. th. copal menet P. Kam and Abram. sn•ank, CanysPd offitn.sts.l victorinun

b•Ann. and wen. b.atrn b,13 r bat and ran tip rh, r. and P. fiatit .n thr in• w diarnimed tor 42 ernw,liwn, bin fignres. EV41441141, 4 new', aret, c.nnrra,uliPecl upon being ir first ma!nh. S,on. :

, I 0...e0ck 5 Ornri SO I.ln .ker ..... 10 • .1e 8 Mower., ~..11eril 1 Ahrani 0 Now ee eBeoieth Mulford 0 Percival le khrarn. run out 31m,. II 2 rlaconv C I,na et 0 ot'oon 4 I. I, Nvaue

b Per-

11.':tra•

0 ' •

Total 55 ToGI 42 CNCORN J. 11.1 V. WANIIISIITO% ST. A NN.S. Tmt match 4ra, pl.)od ,m Mat ist.lay at Rommen,and reaultrd att 1,141- lon 1, lii,, wiettora.

Pile, ........ 0 Beswiel. e Davin Boors.. I Brs.lley 0 Gib am n Braila, II Moores rim tint 3 8 simb . ..... IP .vies 0 lnrrison 010a4n 0 D.vies C 1,...) , Tarbir 0 Gib. .oath b D son . 0 if b • Dlimbe I B b ,

4 6,e., sve,tee. e Ilavirs ;

;;.nwot; not not lowe Harrihm 0 Callon h .nres .... 3 1:toolE h Ilsrri on

1it,... I

TotAl 8 TAW Bl SISK'. TON 11RATH 2No • LATCHFORD ,'HOIST CHURCH —P *re N t 1 .Ihn 5.1n.1., rc 1 DI vrnn oaren wake's. 14,,N.:—S.nr•It•on No.ar.. NIl Inwor 11. SODI i.akine. 12 ; DCDDH• 18. OF rcna mft,...,•••en I • Ow— leri CNINNtim. laNr. Eva, 2Nn V. FRAVYSSO PA. in 'Os IST PI 1,41.." Warrington Sys sr.'s.

_ Tx....t•n110 • 4.•11I II Imre 4, 04411444 004.1,4 n'Tlar,r. b,, M4.aryU 1044,01 43 '1.0,r410,er, 0 11 0gr..1,1 HOOlOOl, . .Punt _L !Cyr

igli.glo'r1;;;,o;;;;;. Do. 1,1100-nhurn Nevino nolo noot oonwoooll lo re,loon4

O W. 0.1 I..veles• .... . n 16 0•01 Mar.tinoi . 0 29 Byre.... o le-don to Law. 0 es. ........ 2

iii1;;71;:;; n;,; }, ,mt 1•••• I. t, N. 11.4

roave. I, 'Urging ~,,, Hog not nut 3 1120••• 2

T.t.l for I w1..4 ti 109 NIIVITOV.I./t A 11 VAC. V. SI,NTAT —PI ty.l it N.l•ton on Satil.d. ,—ti

!INI•TOW. 4 SlnOr, Patee ........I W H In* *.are ... 0 IP Knyb 0.41. M ... 9 W Rvl.no., a Mo 99 z Vmvtlke b etivt.9.97o

T ; "17C1,;;I,; Clprin.wrwth 14.37:e 1.011

ATI‘:;:0'0,1 I, ClOO.OOOlll .72 11,,/ I, Wenn. 11 Ho! re b ebee. wo.th 0 Per.* 0 Hotlob WA benela 20 ,S A Hole CUorirmo W S fl. n:tl eat— _ _ _

e Cam. 11;,.• 11

............ Oil'lnn Owlnewor 0 0 W W0410.n 11.010 h W.y W Wilkin•nn 0 ellant,ev 5 It C.r..n not ant 0 Bat . .... 2 II ta trst Ilealun not T H4rrito.

Total o Ir. 11 3 3 >4l 5 A CharlPswortli It 223 5

1111L101014 MAZ tWATTII4 1115 DMA 1004 1.14Z/1144T11111 TN& 1511elon•ly !Awing. and Iniarant Sole Wlno,nalw and 'Wail Apnn. Vlar,n4son - !HINNY 511.1.1 Mil I I'O4P4ITY urn 5. Harieniarknt it. and I!..rrnatinn Itondlnga. Warrln ;On.

,MAY ,r6y668 int Home 280 r• • 4K. b C 61a 18 A it . '••• ro. Avl.• h tin 1.81 liarlovr . 8 6en °id 8...-18 Iltr,ow 1661 c marlimbrlalc 0 I nob JBll um 118r..nr th. L ftri 0 61 ',AI, Barlw 6 118tra• .121 Total ...... 31 ood iiuneltn - 6'8;67.17; 6408 th 1.8.1 118-at 8.• /106. • 818 r

===== 0002601_18970514_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THK la AM FNER FRIDAY

Mr.ii Mrs eri•ch,v, Mr. Sinclet/m, Mr. and Mrs. Sinali,and Mr. sod Mis M.n,n. Special pulpit relerence as made to the deco •ged At the Wesleyan Church on 1 aunday on,rninv,the polint,enoununion table,and organ ' screen beim, drapea in ivw k At the Sond.y school seven:rig tO the Wesleyan chapel ti Sunday, the ui.%,of Mr. 11..itnett wag rel,rre I to try •he pre Ch., the lire. r. Hipp .n, ~1 Latlism. 11,1 three he rev Rentlem ) th,11.1.1111)4. II 01, Wand/40m circuit. he !UMW i tin lee Mr. Toollll4. Kennett wall. He know hint el pwly and ,•nj lynd hls iogintality in the house now ahalowed by the appilee, .and, rhey sass the vacant coair and thought how good and hint he WS, T/I0 vorlut gras thin po WM' he. -awe of the &with of such • man, awl yet it rirher KrAll4l,,i th Ids lived an humanely and so lionently. , ripe hallowed and revered his mint urn Many relatives ind friends of the d/.nemed w..re prewnt at lIIC service.

at Warrtnatun on Sav artlta 114rlowt b Newly l3 Lome 1 .441.14br1ck fl 13.1,1•• 4 13..1c1 relo.havl _ .

Pprlena n tenpin,. J API p navies Co..k Otvn.• ........... o Johnson b Davp t t• Agnip ...... leocit t. Davie. 4l' 8411 b 1).040• 84,141,11 not out

Roreem. v. Flionsast

===== 0002601_18970514_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKEL

Total tar 3 4flM IS Total 27 ‘V AIM h Mow 2w,,,. Sr. I,:trrlen's two.— S. ground &wit

. . r WO.Nr• AtlonV 01050..11 I, Wllltelgoe .. 0 Br 0.1,11 elorine 8 J 1 bonsplginrob be Hun, B r Brooker 27 eon T Ilsord•all W 8r00k...0n 15.1..... 9 Wol,coo. t'0n.6.7 efl i".". 6 W rlal",-71:'8r,;e1'1 ,1 111.

P 1.1.1. nm• lbw b I Words 1 01nPn•S o.llln. ..... II 11 Knied. Om 11 }tampon IWoo, run ow ..... J not ”ut 1 On b W Han., Hasagrna Pro•ltd. I 11‘10.• run old ...... Iknior• I, Brnelge. I 311. y b H.mponn Extras

SC/lIIIINOTON St Plat's v. Litlicstnon RArruni, Pl.,' At Warrinern nn iikterd,y, !laird fot tit Pikul'• did hat trielt fear..

- •11.,r0 ll+ rd r.ot mat 11..1fr•••••• • Must • - tya...tha Baird b V

yllam C tonrahyyrS.Hr ...... I4,nt RHA,ni Cumber S Hr ... n try r lbc•Out hPITA r ByrhncrS Rant AeLYry ry c Wilach hadn't Witron c ItbsYrcr S b Sr 11n•rtcyth S. 11.1 rd Cunt

J not"t;..nnr on.S S Cr..npton ren Crompton h Hallam ...... A C Melt It •ongtham Intr.

Moo*. • WOIMINOWIne• MIM•InV PI ay..l a, *vs, on gator Amt. a. I re.ntt.d In an •••Y twin for'!,, holt,. turn. tk•nr. :

J•••••!1.71:;; Mban hlt mkt b

Dn, h 71•Ine

LG .1i1;•;i1 t;...P.;•' MSS

...... ........ ..... - Jnosph *,n*... son out 1 flostorob b root., lO WOlng on b W Want .. IS flur•ls• • ?solo. i n albs, o Moss • • ravinr ..... : 0

2 Will: 6 Milligt..

e Dale b Mt. Trin.e.sarl bTaylne .3 mot.

trntitht no' oat ..... .. .. I •Inrenti hT••••• •1,11.1• h Wit ....... • Ton.ln.. Slllighmtn k N WM.." I radar, L. 11.e.r... 0 *l.l4neton this•rwth

7.“115,n• .... 01270Ivrtrds

Malmo

Tntal norm Cramer rum V. RV WWI C C Plavpd Ss.orrla• F.rth C C. at War. tnel v....1.A in an mi.? Grin mrtlya hoop. loom Flacirnvy howl./ hio analyai. being 7 overt 16 rn.,,,n) 2 •nna. wirlots.

. . . - VIRT• C.11,11{.1. PM, LTI• 11.1.1.1[1. bow, F,.w.0rl 11,00 s -•-

• „ -- 11ar1nry Is 565111 ...... 10 Mt...p.m low'ol 1/.56., 1 Aletr•vm r 1..15 .11.1 10•••••• 5,0.5.4 Al lamp 0 Wi.r.0r11.5.015.„056.505 5 115•11ro0n rnn nu. . . 6 0 .060 It 65002-- 0 1:011,.....<1 Hrek- Wri ft 1.1,..4 51.01. n 5-0 I . _ _

7 0.000 II•0••• 1.0001.1. 0 o.llo*. 1100:111 10 Nu h.bel H.E.y 0 It.mllneoe 1 .R 0 Iragr?.l. 01.0,.0.%

i;;;,1-;;

Twnite..• c 11.1er,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
POISONING AN ELEPH \NT.

EXCITING NCENF:I AT NETGERTON. NARROW EiCAPR fl E A MEDICAL GENTLEMAN.

The committer of ptOlio Accounts hat lamed a report in the cone. ••f h elf at, enti ke called to ti, fact that when he tale Totr..l 14,1•+ • ~1,1 the Yreamory allowed •,•or £EOO.OOO worth I st,elr which 1,. held ni England to In tiandod over by hit hank -tat • the ...color. with. •lit the customary ,licy b low pm,. Time committee ;. mit unt that in 111 P C 440 of 'h. K.nt of PortUgal and the late Italian and Yurk fl•n ut vines the duty on property wan food in Vs.* tviial emir., and that Ptleil precedent. aa raw are ii in ur of payment and , Oct eaornp; ion. It,. further *et forth that the tan- , suction was completed @wifely sellout the knowledge: of the oomph r -lieu and and/ tionertl. and that they roof opinum that when tfc• Yr...moire decided to countrn- &nee what Ira.. not only Pal" eratut••ry but actually against tho Is., and by executive act t•• still. 1 psi merit to th•• Etc •'1" rett..lt t•-en hal no power to I reh,t, they 'arm. h iv.- IL eri•er...olllPle .In • facts of the caw to the C••mptrriller and Ludlow (ieneral who ▪ Ithe tho,ighf r,ncnsuapy, tune hr••ught Ult 11) tinder the no•tne of Teel tnient.

The hirvele in Frsnre is •••,1.011 itt lwingin iterary ' denten, or." l'ubitatiers colop,ain 4.1 their shelves being • encuiniwred with pd... • novels, and even r,l more oeti..ll moth.. 1w which there is absolutrir no sale. The tn•rt, I rd la, 0...4, ,nit Daudet is • falling nff, and I•• anditc od irim tlwir Inane. ton. I after day by day. Th. 'Weill. ot John the Merhans miner, niter an Impriamment 01 103 Kulp., /Pali. Mt. • WWI from it,'." V. grand t.. -ee a sight of the hone., blue Ay again,. nil V.. poor follaw worn they brought hint to the aorta., W.oo'il ••,•• from the r,,rent the broke Into tit • w..k,..ga in Tnumdel bin muted • faint holt. that I'm', in laird, of tire fither ten men may ha rearb.l Ii ~to it a to, late Meanwhile news eornes of another mining rlisaeer, tido time from I load mine in the He of Wm. When the miners stribt Anwn it.. ladders to their in it, if ',kr morning they Inioni hot air and 0n...n0n • 1.1n1(.11 in the shalt. Nineteen men knit gone down 1.1 rn It in.. found nut that anything 0111.1 in, •fig, end of tile. fourteen n. insinefl in the mine, awl their term.,

The ex traordm try ...tent+. tow ti leo Huntley on fMnoon Per are. mutt, tilt', Vlsnelmt-oter lillarltan.- en neemple ttf tbe ineoner ortonn rte. i Wei ttnttteetetntt tt,thbrtnrittentint in my •t tt 1.1 Stlll4l4‘. 004111, rh net. nf ten Ittyhte th j nterm.nih'e Veil men to quiet enettirin tntene, but entwtheere, ne net intr. tittently .141,11.n5, Ir gut, the tedium mt the voyeee by Vet Ire. ih.littgeece In tut,tentente. The wetering- piece* on the Clyde, hn trt,e r. hetyme been entire,' free from tt.etn ft eh. my. or., eitttnnett the pp re4utnt:y on the F tr. h cml Ter. it w•tn.l tub! with time object of ohs. tinute Inellity time tint t.r,torte,et ni the new Clyde tt,nolay rt-itt tiett.thtti nntitet hoe t• tet•ltttal teentnet." hut the 1.. ontit etm..tntr, were itept,h.tehlet en:l rt..msolve t t tt mtmhttirm-hreaker "

- lil neither nit einbitk tittwiniter• .t their pier. Whethor thole miitieea wen. 1141.11110 d IL wrohl, Inebottii. be le Int t tint 11.10vort is • 1n... ,it n ,11,LLIILILL,Li the eseore,..st, hooey, well 151it7-•1 In torn.. 0111,1114.10111.14 .dhered I LL, when the kteinner • ..110.1,1 ow the " o p, •I twi i.t Dlilv.”l are 1141, t 1.4 trl r thepirpine. Th. untneinint• puiteneeni 011115, win tiw end • litn• . t Is Mink tik lie the I,llllt nt the inenteni .) bathe on thrilled in nnt with the niintniwinnen.

The I. elephant that escaped from Cross'. Mena- gerie • few days ag end cutest such en AIFIAIJOS of en- eitement h. heel Imp chained he Om for Inge in an outflowe on the farm in hmh it es is et canto...l,6nd in charge of three kne...rs. llr Cr.. thinking it not advimble to try to bring it hark, for /pie It might if. more damage. onlemd it hi, he stmt. Finding, h.ogeger, that it toe hint nfl t dpi not take 4.1. the animal might to mail or twealt away, Mr. Crow titoterd to tee • better plan. On Stturday morning d party drove nut to Netherton with all the appli- ances for dente ytng it by pm... 4 me noel man carried with him • large hottle of Finnic acid, and a peck.. nf aconituni, a quantity et Min% apples,carrnts A-, The lat,er were given tn the Mehl..., which hp ate wit, relish. A large cared, with the inside wearied nut, and the ton tett or a plug, was thin fled with ammitutn, and weed ti the hetet, ash., swallowed it in an Instant. There," the in...find min, ° he ham mentioned enough pinion to settle 2,000 penile." This 1i..., hogrever, diil not *Mlle Ike elegilmat, for he seemed 1,, go on eatinga before, •ii.l *•«-ne, t, led l no effect.. After wtme time angioudy waiting and watching 1,. the drenching rein and hitter cold, and no sign of the potence taking efiect,it waa remised to try the prueeic mid. The bottle was hemight, and r. large beam string. Ailed with this de•dly prmon hot the pointarose—" Bow wait to be pot into the anima i's mouth P" I I.e keeper, how. ever, coaled it to op-n its mouth tie tnilding a boa high up, and the ch•nce eat th.n 'alien it inhicting the acid In'n the month_ The elephant serreel to dislike this very with, awi • drink of water Mr which it •ppeared to crane waii given in it. Inetead •seellosring the water, hewer,. the ....Min ci sure just ge.hed It. Month out like a human being and let the water Tenant on to the tot,end appeared as well ail ever another arrow. 1.11 ..f litrild can then brought, teat the Iloplient wield allow nn • act,i approach it, seeming to bane what the syringe meant. Keen one mut al his wit.' end to tom. what to do ne•t atter much wait. ing a novel idea V. hit upon, namely to wrap the 11•1'11.14 in • haer. This done, more wa. thrown , .utn the elephant', in .oth, and the egringe was all reedy when suddenly • cry that sent a thrill of Mirror through the whole party er. heard—. Father, I am done e 11, appeared the gentlemen .sing the syringe was ...Inag a cigarette, and haying hie mouth partly open had in. haled rime of the prawn: aci,l, and w•I1 nearly genie The other medimt gentleman, knowing what te do under the 1711,21,111tV1CW, had him carrel to • pump, and cold grater war pf.ured ~n his head till it nearly took hie breath gentleman •01.111 fr rtalnly hem- lost hie life bed there n.t been •iiyone amend knowing what mined, to ape,. Kt this?, me the elephant showed wen. of uneasiness, leaning againat the well, lifting his ' feet,. and at on. Another mee nt 'vomit was gives tn lend him qnirblp. and in about throe h.,urs it wee wen to be Md,ig is work, telth,,ut any plunging the monist I quietly tell over on im skto, end erns dead In an instant, floe cam.st has hemi given to the Medical School.

Fir tam- timn it ha. hp, n,,mmint i,IC ..nni thimtrinal hit't nli m ten; IA male in the Manetws•er linardion " ,n,,A,n..l,hat c•onAlderat,la entente in inning, prvow.. ,TO ttt.t pibrorp.l. rh• mendiree winch haa i.ne•rtalo, lb. m,trnhaa it I. eahl, honeht op tim I.l.,r^nt• anl the nestle. Rneal V N..mr4.l*. A kerelvon.anrl 11,nd,e, with the wweihie arith,inn P Pt. I..ireat, and newton th.m.tree. 'The wfl. In venture p. b•wa • marked influence nn the ch.r,ter oti the pr,rin- eiel th, re.

." The (lemon ',Adler, hat low heen tulle prlvidr,l the sew I`d,dt-Aoeg guns. It. members of the Rnichstag, vrlthr.ut even the r.c..to I .11 of the flocialutts, have, after all, not tv • • an it •p it rotn, am ha, be.,, alleged of them, for thee have ill k• .pt this matter' secret, .lthn,,nn • ho new e,,,i.•., expen.litun• of nearly CIO 000.000 A hotter, ..f theme net. rannono can Are e•lft,- 10100 • Tr.nnt• tn t a range of over RIA The ie proviled with an appllanne to prevent the recoil After 1..• fire elle, .a,.11 of 'pot! attached to the end .1 the go. carriage bores 10, the ground, so that the runner. 1114 V then remain quietly Eanding by the piece an, relent without lo.t, of time.

& telegram Imre St. re'srehurg *tat. • that C fearlail crime, the r•oult of supert rim. ti.ot been commdte.l at irepnwl, in the 11.,,rnme,d of l'h•ra la. There are in the neighti .orhood several horm,,aves inhabited by eactarlars. Two rpm,* aso a rep.ot •••• weed that in U.. begi•ning it 'MUIR end nt the world would corn. •nd thy day i,t ju.tunient. Seen •'en ',mite are paLd to have erni,rated out tor tear N .thing mote w..s beard of them, and nolvaly knew -herr. 'h., had roar. A sectarian n.,nsed K aralen.l h•• now entire...a that on the eu•reetina it 1111(1,4Allm. Mhyngranth, who : wished to gam • mart re• crown. h. had walled theril tap described the •not, which wnh emnrninevl he the pobre. and 'he man'. story waa e,ntrmed in the moat horrible manner.

11*re it a 141,11 that. gas, I.P chroni,lc," show. whet :nay he don.. teat.hin. OV•inlTltt,t VA children in thri Hoard 0rbn,.14 Master Win lli., ,rd I...tne. oft, ....no of cricket on

Soturthry, when ho saw reared ..f people on the carol bridie in Queen'a-road. noloton, Inoking on helplewlT at a little te palo hod Innen into the orrer. Will rad, threw off hie coat, dived in. end hrenaht the rhlld palely to the hank 1111r.Thrdwee, the head-maater of the Nspioret. linard Selina's si Ilostem, who Ulla us the atory.orlds that par eon this plink. li•tle feline ermld not swim a otroke. He woo t ought awimmins end II re. maim, by the chef! of the ...Mead. lane 'te pleasant to hes, that the ...Rale fir the' Mails llheiniele” Urem- ia., Shield helped t...owarne thlo end. Orr congratulation. In it ill Pulse and hi. instructora The secret of the sonnorronna Millinn " (masa • Patio Correspondent), whieh ham to.. Fenn to melte up the deficit esoolsl he the dootruction of Moll de la Charite la one thee which oneht 0 fe. resealedl. It woe aorrlted to the omens. teen... flinch It is nnw lin.an to be the untie/live donation of mom.. TIIPITI her. of the Kutheehild Istally—nnt he .nn means their first cnlneial shnselirins With no name attairwiii in it, ft is pr.,bahlv only in Franro, En. landdind the i'tltedhatot that on ,111,04111 sift ...slid have been made. Pear to-nnle have one idea of the /torah nt Ye melt no,kets A Sorlw hanker mid in ISTO that he had nn ,PC.II inn.! freneh sremlth mud the panle nemeioned hr the an eanowl Preen-hewn to plane la hio hands proeeris for act, keel,. ins to an intent erhieh n. mininly tabu! um. In Armories wealthy poop', with no feat of the inreene tee, Initially overstate their Mermen ; in Prams, Coil. tilt enotteh. th dteh the /heal enadlttnn is •Itii same, they urtislis undemtate them.

The hem nf Rave/11 •nd Veleetinn, who I. uendly re- tort, 1 t.. aa Colonel ftno,',l4l, hati ht.] (14Perihoel as • Bavarian toy race.flie real name is Constantine alloile,ar, and he rm.,. of a fhimatian M. father ho,k part le the War of Independence, pitied or Athens, and married • Greek luly. 1114 1•,0 Cno both a them adopter' • military career fnr whieb they mere educated partly at boom, part?! In nanr. and Belgium. Conamin- tine is the 'manger of the tarn, and hmi.tes yeatemeitsg strategieal abiltles t • lush order, he la en- dorsed with ostrsordinatv phasic.' courage. It is rm. heed of him Butt a fop ream itt ke had 'n Mr- mans fur the purpos• nt undergoing • ...mem •urgical I operation. The rtnet in Were proceeding tr. edmlniaver 'an armehotir, but Mnoleniz would have none of It Chin of orns,- he exclaimed, i• only fit fur women,- ; and niptar the knife ma. N... need. h• ml,l, ti 011, gentlemen '" as coolly aa •Imusla nore • mere sheer,- tor, ant did • aingle exprra•hm t f pain map. low dur- ing the moat train( snoment• WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT ebschrlTT F. F.

to Cup. LIVER DISEASES, ibdigeortion. Debility. LOOK FOR PROOF. 1.41.hef411 ,unt • Out I o..eagiat I week, wk.. tootle Ww.,4% Sok Cure. Irme tak, Ow few I,lte I !mean ee enwo.m. and iw wee, was Iwwk u.y week an 4 Save been weelezewee: Trice Da .154 45 /A, ear bottle,.

a7c7r:lot L 127 awl ra,;h:aTh. pgah,l !nu the n0,..un.1 that Ow, ova tena,A. ~t tha ! tannery at £240 {,at annum —P. Valuer (Mr_ Owen) oubmittial his month!). ...text Which ata'avi that Imre I the tut mutine ha had tn..d• the lollatrine wahmtinno It. trunahip f Warrin,,n. Morro the Paarem

. . Knnarlas enal and Iron C adch,l^e. tn wive. Itaery.en4d, .r.o. 9 O. rat...l4e an 9e.; rpeonvoirs gr... [136 . .

rateable Cll9 10.. n h ~.ere•hip . I Illetneven,4l,ler. Rio-Novi gehaer. II 1 to.,sar awl geed", CN) 04 .os•eeht. £l7 Co . 'wooer," owl 'roe% £lO3 0... ot, CM 0. The eerft era. lapped.

I aIiDE m • • MA DORN AT

WA kINNOTON.

On Wednesday morn-Lig,trehilescon Madden held his lire? oat. atioo at the ',nail Church. Warring- ton for he a?miu.ion of the churchwardens awl militant.. of Ow town end &stmt. The Meador life, Cation n idle? official ed at the opening fthe Demo, when ihe Li any Was Still. ca. tows M. 0., ran ottar,

The Archdeacon 01,1,4.1 fin edginess I roan the pulpit. He said the history of the 111,100•POIlfy nf it sannetou for the pant year did tint Moon. with sterling •vents. IS retrarroug to tie thermrs env mast the clergy, he said the reinguat ion of the Kea !h. Black of the keetoey of riellehYroll,lLOlr • 11.111011,ry ni halt a century, 33 pan of whech retrospect tattle perean of Newchureh, must be policed. They Welled that satinet.. and aged &etyma of the Churett sear, mere!,. and ware frowf 11.4, their Pallor, and L.,rd destes Christ, lo theme days ol his retiresneut from active aerveree. It masa great pleasure to moraine, that oree of thew own curates the WY. P. W. W Kap., ono WO for tea peon brew tworktag moat I.IthIUUIy es emote of VArl•stavre.had twee appoineed h. the enfant mctorf fry the patren, the Karl of Derby Hy 111' dente of the key W. Bentham a faithful rainmer .1 Christ had been removed Irons their midst. alth nah tw seas oafs the thear of Losetha for several yeat• he reseed ewe the Move. Inr nearly 20 yenta. Another nt thair rural., Use Ilea P. Maths, r+rate of Kirby, had been appotnted to tew loving of lenrtna. It was both jest and reales (hut the lath who had done gond *ankle as curate* for 111414 yeass to th. Moroe should tin perseatsd to ythent Inman In the Mote. by the harrows basing ltttt,itn then. ZIORATION altfinrien ea Ma Yule, ~,,, centooma

(probing uf the Nat I ....MN •ad the Aniaciation lathed. schods 0,11.1 he L. tmed in the returns made that la rilnicrat earor, perm the carder,. nem ria.ellicin I managers •,1 their Natiuhat .• 11..14. Vinery hie arm not I U. cme„the warder,. had teel r lectod on the Surd of r Managers and he therrl ore right to epee. at Nome length the 0.1,-4,144 41.. Own sad the Voluntary Schools Act. They Were ...•re •till the I.nnna.st had wet apart a sum i.l ',vet £040,000 divided !among. strugglieg ste,eoar,u• ary abet.. rto- , 'mon wa. mule lor the gr. opine hntether .1 a Dumber ' aciire.le. sal the Ile, .te. Department pestered a large auniber it %Owen. it Mee creator, the Ilepartment had Issued a chrolar gram: the amoristrue they pr0p...m.1 p...m.1 t..lort,and to the to till, lambing j An.the schools affected wore b. give ~,,, • Wily rt... I: would I, seen that the aid great would hnly 14. give. 1. Mb ,ols In asauriati,,os with eery tear •aneptiona. I. waa than. hire aboolutely IterJramsr, that Within the nest IP. weeks easoche lona be U.... 4 including a anti, cleat I:WM.If of ecru.. is to 4.1.101, 111. deffltan,ll,.l I Department. tle tyiution 1-1 them an hurchrnen to decide elm the wennn of fiaahriatiens 11 he , inch Ought It to be eire' re. last .cal? the thou.,. ol Lu- g°, yt,..grwarer. Ripon, Wakefield, Maschestar. gallabury and 1.1,100. of had wit-fled the e, elsallestical prine.gle, and had made the ,he. Mr as the ores em <10ta.... It had teen suggested by the Loserpool Lhorema it.trd I Mucstino that there .m...ciati shohlet he formed he the foveae , of lelverpo4.Fint,that ori• lltciltin n the lib de city ; of Liverpool. There veer 64 church ...harelip With at, it I 34.000 child... In attendance t his area. Mecciidlc, that another areuera.l,.. he }nettled of the acho•-•ta .1111,0 the arctideaconry lAirerre,cl, but °reale citr ~1 Liverpool. There were IN churl, erlheAa with abut 25,000 children in atterviar,no With.. Um area. thirdly, • ineeting of tido g.mmit'eo WI. hob,] i. the 04iril that annther anew-1.0,h formed of scliteda sidinn thy roam at the Worldwasse mn Fda., seining Three ena arcladeac.urr of Wartime-di, tur• ouunde the municipal prmen. Meows J..1.1!er, Iloughton, boundary •4 r 1 en, Thor- core 79 .I.P. M.u4hion. T Melton, J. Bilhaire.reith Mr. J. IC . church nehorhi WWI about 24.003 children in atiendance gotten 4...1erk I. Mr. S. Sutton (depute Mr utthm Mai area. It thas 'line.. Inlet 11*1..0 they had 0411 ea./aeon Mr.Ne,ecemewent catliorl the met, .-.b..."4"--`'.ll LOU,. r .e..t eh,' rink oreopied the chill. and eaked the CUT of Lreert.mi. end ee'huauicei Por- t.* inerads•re In Meet a rhairman.—Mr William H tmciiti,tt th,h• of the iwthae.-0hhe..14 raid be had peculiar plreaure in ...ye ing the ....therefrve 11l IFS faun.ol at the Dement meet rdr Mr. 11. Pilling as chairmen .4 ib.• ammeter.— meat, that the liepartgareet wrahnl there to t-Alow the Me. J. Boughton we,n led. and Mr Halton, and Mr teed ni the uther entomatinna wed form one wo,lat ow suppor rot Mr, Pilling en taking the chair .aid In the Whet, diner of Ltentp,..A. A deputahon had he did no, think he W.. 11 hare ars-opted the ;ream. be.r. •PP.Mted t" tOetlrlit *Ol to P•t• , rut for the tart that he had made • r enmentenient Wade them that there smociatrone fog the Lierrpo 4 .1, With thou...lino of the anieearnent of puttlir4..otae• and tenhid 11. bettve 'et. Del Welt Plan* ••*'' see II through —tin the are. the Imam of %AN contsom,sy binuelntbe Llswer,ol p.witi”n of Mr. flalt,ai, pec.,04,11 I•v II Nee, age and the Educating DeP`ttneett In Lead.. Lis then AS. J-4ley was re•app qh.ed ele•-^ha,rman —Mr 4,.!1ey Meg awl, rho result e-mirdari•car Ina uneld be male acknowledged the •ppoentimmt. —Several% appeal. Ittana• in the di +roe WI Ir opesarois migh• • enamel assesernente wen. heard, on. raad. by est./archer the area they mug ant bealtate to ill Meenn. 0.14.. n and Cenral... tanner.. Morseertreet, , the "et,'" •hd csll.l "t " sgainet the •aweaineat their sh,r`i n.dis be,. .4" c^PSO" sears 1,10 them sink their ...Cs . . . . _

ten. ewe wurli terebeet ,ere ,be reel of Heeneetir, eele• eeteh barneerh.ht the dowse. Mem tb• broad.= were formed let lb. eery beet epee—eeesef hoeleee• tape., is well as eleeste,eal esteaemeeni—he whorled 1,, wry, r. the I amble. there be oh, burp..

oriclins VAX twit/TINA TEA MILIVI4o1:11 MAW. &TABS Tll.ll loaf,* Mal al sad In lac la Maw.. IF • WI. laaala and 1.1_41 aava. gar • MANUA MILLIS. A It, I. II rott•AslttA It AAA CAATA•AtAt• Still ~ WIfll.Øl4

!fl that h..tl.U.atS.rdd h .ron 1,4,1 e• r been r moo lo the eduratoon .1 de rh,1,10 I. Wad .1. iiJill IlVøt.thegr.i.t rourati.al 'roast et to- I as nano bad done in the pat.

tilt MAN ylkla WWI.. A. FROMM, 010. "MY

- Ile timid nit ••• that •I• 1 VI. Mouse without a wileren m to the mood ammh they as local C6l Sena would he ,elettroluv twat allah. rhor wotti.l WI in Cathe- dral ant Parer, Church tw neurons, Mani. ii, Alrwahty (Sol for the peaceful and amnia reign I their belayed Queen In tor reign h ant u,,ttus hod I urlMed la the hunt. Dorian trill period tlw program of the Nation. at Churvn had limn remarkable. tn. clergy had le- creomed front II 0001,, 24,000 A milli. id money had Mom apeot it, buildmi 64.6111 Cll'lftb.• by voluntary C• 1111. trilottionit. Eight new dames, had teen 10.1•14. mad , IS baohopr appealed. weab had 11l n rnmt o.accemlul llie turn rause mleaktemal lioewries—the Church Pm. rat AO MnclAy &ad tir Omit. Asti Somety —bed awe 04.000,000. le UM, wo, lest,... he. le 'Jae IA m, twaaa SuSle, Ilk.. wen 31.000 children in Ma Chumh Anna. 10.7 memoh I tmday there were r 010.030 hi

••.'t ntteisdaner. Tbn pnpu,sion-h:d no:stly ‘1•101•7,, ••1 AP.ug Irlth the in.,.... 4 µpotation had r so • rent Irl4 N. Inere•nr in not i alth In IST the ..-tu.l ...dm.. gram £47.000.000; It out WV C 100,000.000 414....144,8 .4 the natio, wrro bow ryrk, ta,.,ii £200,000,000. rrui, On. goed 14441.4 .10.4 '

hc I hwri 11p111th7t;111br, awl .vp,..att; ;;;:l1.4111:

had a1t0...r.,1 up,n th,h I,liwithg up n bloasithg. Lot th•rn way with all their !walla that H. w. I,llt trait Umbra gra., a.. st.. thnio masa,Arl bl,satnits 1.4 lb. ad• wan,,ron..at of Iltail.try and of Ms church .01 the PA. tar. t 11.. pa. pin. Ph- rhurcltarantre. attermatdo lON It,. umual Jacceptatnc..l. Mew.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE '‘.er,,,111111( r - , A .1 aver tams .IDNEY AND

===== 0002601_18970514_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
NOMS o N !e, Ni.

.. I Good! i lisMasolits / MASON'S EXTRACT OF HERBS :for making NON-INTOXICATING BEER. pp- The ',lost palatable. thirot.ouonch,n., rofreshin a. anirnot.n. Tonic Drink orodocroblo. F, t v.., OPEN-AIR WORMER ~, I ..il .111,1,3• i 111 SIA,..t. Mill-. 514xnuf,,,.. . ~,,1 Si •r 1 IMITATED BUT MOT EQUALLO. k ~-, v..,' One Ikl. P.. lII,' m‘k... 8 exll 11, I , .111 ..11,1111,,-• •11, I I/I Storrn. Sample lottio rm., g Stalkinik4 2 DO. IS MM.. Rim sa LLik ra A 8........imaii0tt=04 ik-

••,v ..101117'''1‘t-Lo

===== 0002601_18970514_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
kc. -..'4t: el 1 v (7;4 --..---- : ;,.. ' • i !.': ' • t • - . -1-4 Z% •1,••-' i' ' " : ' )1.f.", 6 •14. - • 42. .' 1 0 is , . -V,.., • '''' .

, e iz ..... \

===== 0002601_18970514_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLDEST & LARGEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD

===== 0002601_18970514_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
IATALOGI KS 1.0,1 I.

North-Western Depot 101, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL

NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO.'S DEPOT, ,;ROSS LANE EARLErOWN

,T-O;dM

..... - _-..---- I \ 4 ^ 1.• , I • .k 7 i t k.. • ,'I _ ..., i .. ' \ , •,., * $ \ 4...

===== 0002601_18970514_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES CYCLES from £ll 10s. GENT.'S CYCLES from £lO 10s.

Over 50 Ladies' and Gentlemen's Cycles in Stock

to select from EVERY MACHINE FULL? GUARANTEu.D.

20 ABSOLUTELY NEW MACHINES FOR HIRE.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
((lilt LOCAL-CHCItCHES.

su•kr.,rtoter mutirrivr. MITHOI/LeT C1111•Y.L. The eec(ed A 01•1•Mtas, scb.t men.nto• is nemee, wenn the prover...re Mrie church ears la no Mende, 'mt. pi See wreathe/ law.orrim Me et, mane The Ile.. • . J. Kirklaed iliirenaphatn Ann intend) ueder whom lanc ere le Warmer.. tee ...MA, ere. !armed, Sea the preether. M tre et ming fin, to II • the eoliolera bee4.l by the reperteteerlost 11. Bennett and pea •pt.rateretes ed the eteghho.tring Oriole, singlet at interval.. A no. rrreary kr me• 11,111443 Ft. laktial• repermted by the lalmbitiket• on r-led At the latter lour the pa...A.4ton nriktureerl hr 1. 5....,. obon Mr J kir l• y in.oekten Fleeibt delinarei a meet a nit...p.ate a." mommAlen add... la the altereeaet tel 4.0. in( Mr. Kirkland ptertehee is.. eintpient iernamit I. crowded ci.ogr..pAtioris from tbn Irate. AS 11 any a.'... er IS.. a.. odwonete with tbr rather" J..he KI) and •• Whn Ii lb.. that ern-nth ep ••••1111 the • .o. lerlang .to her MI wed " 45). The al•BOK• °TO, the I.+4.r.htp et Mr. the Neb. et r.rder thenerhout tee day, • Netter* being the bA11.0.1.1. -

• - - and ertUtleelly r-seere, Tem H'4• Clay.. by 11101. Taykr arbee.pelote bor. lime.. Tuber ar..f treloll lb. o,4leattelte aor.unted i. £74. en etle.se re. lee' T•re. T LIFT?. I ere'll, Y T' • meeting ef this .01 eeneee utuyenort wee prort.led an by ley. 1. n•.• Us ebi.l LI no Owed to ••• .steby preenut. It-all set (blob 1b.?.... soy .150.01 • dubleutem d ktre.e. iulb. webby. Th. • Aar...met had 11-.. e. • Ireet in U. U•tre Ho them mom were. it he I Lem lbw means (.1 balms 4 eon. *he 551.54,4 Ur rarer. • rnolung them re err e.4l..reopeeme H. tr.thed tr. hble,ete bp' h •he ',Meg emu fo•treet 11.. leave/4.re ,1 1.-.rnon, reel frumdshipe H. 1ad.... y meg tom rebbected with IL. Pelmet dulled ba,le hy web buf ,-eMpaelooreepe. Mr I evlrtsta, el re. .r.. the fo• the .1 ce,ro. 5011 10 Um crept., ha add.. erbewill the hle,r, of tirmen., 554 libel. II tb. eacielet Imy of th.• week p.m.t. Weer- ▪ lebt to tb. tetbarbeter tratelm 11.,..•• awl Jupeor fey mew. to Huey resquert by lott mote 504 atterweres by the [Orbs. Th•ew me. teem the Um limbs amid Turks. Tut rt mut Ad 051.1 t.yt.m tveriero let URI list tn. people .1 1110 .0.5.4 • helf f "...tete nem et we. Mr. Meld.gln St . en, rec 1, • 1. s. relte I. „ . Yrelly,, 11r. .• • • •

===== 0002601_18970514_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED OTHERS WTI. CURE YOU!

r....• anoot asl.ol pow mew, ./1 t ...wad. Proo. IF 01 .11 1...4.•1•4 or ram is Mr II obamp• (raft M....Wm • %loth) Na Ctimltheeirms. mu. 11.44 a FA... Won,Norla. Mel b. pot oa Ii oo amend gat his , smur tb• Pr.ini.lor sod •.1 eke 1. roe owl um*. 114.

•• gra.• 1.11 tel. 1411 .a.l pod • yl4ll le Ur. 01.1.... a al flatragnirr.

DYLI6-191.16 6-116.4T9141 66/h 141 WWI.* •stO*Ttl tit N 1-6,6 61-e L6..6.66 11, It, R., • 11.A.Nal• uv4 'Pawl 6,6,t r. - Mtv•T 1111.61106 • CO to .6. Ilter•••••durt It .4 0.166.6.61 111.016.666. 1,6661•0666

===== 0002601_18970514_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
KA ILW AN TIME TA BLE

WAY rnose MAMONarTO2II TO

Brie—l 6.nula”

W7iiT'lo-Wl-47. 35.5 is. b 35,

:.1 ~517.4 13 a 60.

958.14,94 936, 2 5,8 60. • 1i10p411.489- a •W 6! as 23, t. 7 35, 960, 10 46. 160. 3J 10 jO. I • ...b. Jo Wk.) • 30. &0.4 Z 1136. snoodsys emen.t...l knon.lays 8irr.“.4.... II 55. 12 50, 320.0 10, 066.16 53. n. l. 1146. 426.516 p.a.

-174C..4unt 37. 29 54 b 47 ...al, 943 60.

12 25 225 4 45.

4 45. 2 14. 1-31 41.4‘ 545. 1322.14, • -2 31

- - /.9, 5 45. 113.5. 9 58. 11 40. la 125 3 49 • 41. 404. *taw., 231.843 90. O 024..2 t. 15,3.3..3 48 440 lios4. /9 045. 950 240. 2 2.5 3 48. 20.,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
5, I? 23,12 1,

14. 741. 10: U.4.n..42.

.1 SC. ouu.). .1i • ;a. 46 LO.lOB. y 7. I IS. 3.15. 3411.

i 0771 - 0. 63 43. I Au. 7.10. 41,6.050.10 40.12 0.160, ISO 020 0 .5. 14,. .1 10. aut. i.ye 50. 1.0 10. 4 44. 2100. 4111.•14.14 exeepted. bilusida,• only.

bum," d yu. 011.1..L.1,--8 b. SM. It 35, £2 it] 320. 0. II 63. Ilumlave LI 4 OP I. . . . .

bB, oa.l 40,10 b 5, k 2 7, kJo LI. 72. 20. i 0 10. 10 50.

um 4 46,4,J. U.S 44 44. in 1100. £l4O, 142 b, Sto

9 id:Tii: ; 17.20.96 Frulrana 742 2 -- 740.1014. 62222 y• 44 2.24.. 7 060 1.411.1-I .2. 0 Oa. 034. 3.. It 46. 2 /0. 40. SU. 7.4. 93, 40 .40. 410 40. II 3.1 422. days 90. 9 bb. It E 49. 7 (0. ti lb. 10 14. 42.0.0.0.4,.. only. c:f.o.uta.p. [O, 24,05-e 37. 009 •A. 4440. 15 2i. 026. 3.0. 1U 2 1122.6iy• at 4.24. 9 44. 46.1 14.4 JO. /000.12 28. 1 15.3 49, 2 St. 7 17. 924 4016. 24002.47. 43 6 N 02,42 iir•eu -1 £4 7 24.841, 110. 29 30.180, 1 5.4 01.4 0 ▪ 29, 60. 70. 09.10. aiu 80. ,0,.t1 40.413,. 130. 549. 6924.2r3,s ,441022. Irfl awl 412.4.428..1 1424.24 - 1.719,1 00,. a iv 755,013.0 Le1t..104.1 -nom Arplay 31.41.16111- 6..0,7 88, 40, 0. 00 1949 483.4, lid, 329. 4 11.2 45, 643. 111, 04 OIS 11041247. 20.4 4. II 19. 22440,227• 2017. 43in46,204 (L. 6 9.,W.1-4 84, 004. 7 10, 684. 54 47. 1626.1 12,344, 0, 2.0 10. 0 22. 1030. •36 1140.180.a24.22.2 56. 60, 9 45. 000aMlgbIav4 01240 bra. •112041‘• exoeoed. ' ' • -' •

kind.; sax, Midler, V

; irs.;...—tis —I .38. 8 Ab. 8 43. I .4. O. 482

—LT;si... ivta IWa• Le, el L. 34). 3 it. !I U. 444.

u__ '-

a

. •111.14 V s 411: g I/1.1.. • Si.

331.3,,2.......1b0. 22, 0 I, 117041 v. 7 v. .1.11 .azJ.bajula ii 140,111,1, 11 JO Sunday. I 0 0 SU. au lob. II 20. 2 to, 2 19. / voivld. 10 111, 12 44. coolmsdooo oosiy. allooopt You .2yo. 100..00 IL. N.-M0 -3 )0, ti 23. 710. 900 WC, 190

1 304 .0,4 43.11 16 8..0474 ..1.1.0 13,4 40,11 a5B 4104.1.4.24 ea4e4840 04.0818,• uuiy. .4194444,-0 6. 9 69.1139. 12 55.3 WA 5 0. 11 65 904.14.26 11 40 sm.. 4 24 9.01. 1.4.1.01-6 40. I lA. 0. 0. Si. 10 49, 12 36, 1 3 3, 4 ad, .3. 14. 4.. 14. 9444424 2 40. 39, 414. 454141.944• uuly• 414.8 04.4.0 da A N.-19.1 .2 46 01 10. 0145, 645. 710 29. 040,4,0. au 43. IC 1 15, 40. 3 el. 4 41. /4, 5 1.4* 4. 4232. .400013 y. 44J.044,443 1. 80 , ••0 .49 4,•40a ea4c. 4.8. 0 400.144 gal,. 2 .41474 exv.444.4. Illau.ulnetar (Froni 6444 1,3042 000 4.4441 Putlorm, -612 7 21.130.457.945.1046.114,335.49.814.75.410.1140. 6444424 446. 3 5. 8 15. 11 40. 4YrO4 Alayiey 61.418/4. 44.14166114.• 1.0164,0 Id. 460.0 13, a 40. 4 Z 86, 1026. £146. 11120. 44 04. 100 493. 40. 4 00. 630. 60613,1 40, 10,4 54. 414.1100, 4100, 41116.11.4 314 37, IND.., At 37. lts 14. 06. 00. 6,3. 111. • JJ• 340. 433, 00 6640616.40116 04111. baaturalays 44483444. 11910999044-7 35,10 10. 40. a, . aO. 1414.40.- 1 111. 1 90.2 314 930.7 40. 8444824 10 16 4.41. 2.89.4-.4-411‘..04a54.4 404,3 104.44 45. 44.7 44.4 30.0 19, IQ3O. 044.043. 1214. 1446.1 15.4 30. 3 49.4 21. 0 40.0 9.5 147.0 1.043, 4 10.10 31. 90804•8 3 13.443. 44, 424..0 3.5. 50. 6 0.1 41. 944. aliouoays uoly. 41241442 a ra,0.44,4 70, 104.41 ,3.a 41..0 41. 14 0. 14 41.1 VI, - I 0.3 33 903,7 a. 112 944 24..0a7• bd. 111 lA. 3 00. lb a 0 114441.0. -131.644. 340. 440. 0 65. 14440. 44 25. 2.5. 344, 445. 14, 7.1. 11 41, 10 2. 8444424.4 11. 43. 443,4, 9 46.

--•- - - -• kunuott -1 38.4 25, 9 46. 11 6.3. 756. 320. 012. 67,80. -el a. 50. SD. 10 0. 57 U. IL 0, 1 5. 10, iad, 03.0 13. J. i 3.00. 04 30. 01U 30, 1340. 3‘.. ibpl O. 11 Lb. M. 70. 49453r,1ays ell 0•04.1. 644Lar, 4414.911• 404395414 9917. 11.1.L.L 1 sp,oktd 079 1.345107 sad Duca Loa -856 1355, 7150. 56, 65 40t4137. 937 aJ. 510 114.5419,4 -5 34.1 93.0 .0 35,9 .33,•0 55,1 1,14 43.11,3 36, 45.5 5. 11 30. 9, 0 63, 1030. 999.1.v.033.0 43. a U.S 44 soutltpok Llu.4) -4 3.3. 5 .33,1 It, / 3.. 5330. 1152.1 .0. 315. 4U. 06, 8 3.7 11,9 ill. tluoday• 0 39, 3 :L. ISO. 064101.5,y• oily. 14419411 - 00, 7 43, 0,9 U. 9 50, 10 49,15 36,1 10.3 51.4 It 115,61) 20 al 40.001 40090 re, 511, 30, 4 Id. • 94Lut• or may. Pram Amlay SOW:a. 95. 130. 710. 750. 1 b. 2 10. 0. 00. 9 ,3.54 01.07204. 9.111 90. 9 36, 134,9 11. .d. 54.4539 excepted. 1044.94., • ,„„,„ „„,, ..• )-7 SS, 6 25. 9 45, It/ 9, 11 53, I 55, SIU, .1. e d 49. 43, 40.7 5,). Wlg4a 31. 0 39. b 45. 7 544 4, 0.. iJ 40. IL .4.0 111 I lb, .1 4a, 4 4L. 5 3, 8 14. 7 17, II 41. 13 A, 13 Amy. 507. 340. I 35. 00. 949

TO 1,1•KILIMITWO /ROM

L.M(n Brtdme-6 341. 7M. 52. 11 43. .1?. 440. 644. los 105.,• 1 53. 4 34 • Altar mot 131111300•6 -1 18. 1 11. 424, 954. 8000. y. 920,831.1122. Mr....141m0t IL. 11.• W.) -I 10. 6 50, 7 20. 95. 11 3.3. 3 45, 50.. 05.1 L .5. lays 380,28 15,7 0.10 15. 1111,1141,100 i 1111410401 62. 400, 1130. 106, 040. b4on 1, 0,0 10,11 It 9.144466 4 lb. 4.61.40. 82,4. 411. ftpg illaectay• SO. IQ4B. 1 65. 04.020. 5 34. 756, 1080, Maud y. is 0, 2 1.5 40. 9 11. in.. 01101.1 (T• 4001 II 45, 950. 1Q32., 35, 720,33. 800. 8406664 726.146.616 10c0450,-7 45. 7 .6.8 17. 11 56. 465. IQ4O, 117. 3 17. 55. iI,I 10 444.59• 7 10.1 16. 4 65. CI. II b 45. V, La. 10 35.18 30, 2163. 416. 620, 66, a 30. IlUuosq• 5U...98Q. 330 p.m. ...way. 20. 020. 8 40. 1200, 1 40. 4 82, 6IL 942. 996.5”. 12 b 111, II 10 p.m. 4.1156•8er -83.4. 7 26. 8 40, 40. 1012,11 5.11 40. 1 25. 2 10, 3D. 3 45. 50. b 30,635.7 35,7 46. 9 9684487610,200.6222, cm 6.00. en. 4.2•S4rdayr 39.8 411.10 9.11 13.12 38.1 4.1 43, 2 10 341.2 36.6 4.3, V 16. 1046. rivmda,a . a.s• I • pore- 2 1, 4 W. 6 0.6 30 II 1.1.11 ea. 116.11 10, 1 0.1. 1 35, 410.640, 65.115. 920. Ih11%.•11111. 455. "10. 828.60 1116.

•• 40. 194,0•0818 -$ 15 1017, 1143. 2 47. 542 13. Bunday• 7 37 P.M. Dotuy-il lb. 010. 100,25,36 406, 70. 53. .1636 03. 4 .33, 7 SO. 6 111,6 50. a 3. 4140••• 1198.474. luelastaw •-645 7 90, 545 31. 10 13. 1010. 11 34. 1, 1 0,1 47. t .5 3 14.0 50 411.6 53,6 34,7 30 9 10, 411 O. 6841.0.ys I 34. V a, 10 3. 4 0, 7 ZS. 0.4448•41•44 o.ly. 1151180.8.0 -Al 10. 10 15, 10. 6 0.9 10 duaday• 40. 4.44. 150. elooday• .040.4- 714411er's V.try • P. 441444.13-7 15 96.9 40. 11 04, 0 11. 307. 57,4 1. 6 54, 57. 680.1084 U. 467.47 1140.41.48, -7 55,9 3. ICA. 7. 20. 032,47. 5 27. 6 59 8 7 1111,0,1416 I, SC& la. 7 le Onfelo.lo.llkeeltlf• 1.1.401-15 15 740.0 10. 90.4 10, 19 40, 105. 04 66. £l3. 36, 400. 454. 54. bd. 61?, 00. till. 444158. 6 23,9 10. 2 40, 3 17.4 41.601.1154. 01•4904.-10 0. 10, 1550. 11. 118840,• 000, 11. -6 44. 28 10 02. 10 7,51 41. 436 a 35,? 11, 49 1547. 4.013. y• 040.7 b. 11985.1.r...0-7 56. 5 t 5.9 510 3.1056,1 9,1 54, 1 14, 15 50066, 7. 7IL 474, 0736. 111844•84 37. 9 193. 337. 466.4 0. 144,0 00.147•4.164.9 0,8.41, -7 15 053. 55.062. 11 10. 600304 10 59.6 63.1 36. 002. L• 4810.9.1 8 13. 546,430 10 Z. II 17, 760. •1 46. 113 0.4 IL 05 41. 6 7. 49. 344, 440. 1107. 4.a..0.,.133 M. 7 13. 0.144.4371 'sly. 416414•0.8• .•0••4•0. 1110•10•6,000-02 .55. 60, 50. II SC 16. 1 JO. .1 10, 4 30. 5 35.11 Ca 35, 10g. 8.4408. 1 30. • 51.046 •)0.4 40 411.9,416 00Ir. 4'4 141.,04-6 15.8 RO. 9 5,955 12 35 1 30. 40, 3 35. 4 20. Ito, b. 413. 7441. Ihas.l•B4 7 40. 10 7 90. 10 46. 71.1•8tr417 5 30. 710. I SO, B 45. 630. 9 36,5 50. 10 3.1 II 30.11 30.11 26. 12 30,12 3.5. 10.0 31.1.1 30.10. 36 141. 430. 440, 46 . 630. 536. 530.436,730.40 20.440. 9 45. 110, 1130. 5.80.10,4 C 9 0. 020, 2 D 6.4 3,.h 30533 9 35 4110148,1484•4418. ,1.. 4 14. VI,- 015. 7 16.10 10.1110.1 10.4 10. b 30. 40. 120. 81.8.10,8 lOU .5,.50. 10 0.16 0. London ~4011•86, -4 16. 005, 100. 20. 40. 5 0. .406 11 O. 4...“ • 005.100. 3 IS. a•aoept Mao., • Lvoltu a 032. 9 25. 9 14, 111. 111. 41 97. 0 5.060 4 14,4503.1 S 6 41.7 41, 35 II If. 684.484 2,. 025, 716. .6410r,1•84 44149456•80 assaept.a. 6.-W.,-6 0.7 0.4 5.9 0.9 40.11 0, II 11. 1b,032.0U 315,4 45.5 Op 10.7 4, 9 20.10 40.11 01. II 0. 630 9 n.. .8.11 0.10 40 Irun Ilateang• •418...148.840 4. 71084.44.-4860-7 11, 764, 400. 0625. 10 26. fas. 20, 340. 461. 602. 56, 7 9. 55, 1350. 140.1.•• 40. 1 4.600. 0441.85•8•••••81•41. • Sahrelare 0017. . Ilso•40a000 Closebise L. 1•40-6 44. T 50, 030.65.4 30. 10 S. 10 10.10 45.11 30, .430. 11 45. 130. 026. 330.430. 4 46, 5 30.6 30. 6 38.7 JO. .30.013. 9 55,10 DO. 11 0. 848- Joys. 30. 9 10. 30.10 40.. 40.2 0 5.6 3a. 2 16. 9 40. 5..4,. .584 nnl,. 111.1.4.••46-4 48 0137.212,67. -

ei: s 15.4 48. Seat.... W 1114.4.-8 SS 7 30.1 42.9 11 111. 103. 10 a 11 31.11.91.12 49, 1 2.1 55.3 41, 4 7.4 98,5 5.5 49.6 17.7 30. 730. g 56 11 4. .U 47 el 9..1.r• 30.9 48.10 366.764.116 allatord••• mal7. 51. 898 9 0 106.1 9. 1 5. 5 15, 73. 914. 4,, II .5. II 20. 1 32.4 12. 10 13.

O. 1.5.*J. 936. 1016.1121. 44, 416 72. • al. 10 47. i... 1.••• 11. 650.5 10.6 '),I0 44

71.111. 13 15. 1100.1 JO, 3 M. 990. 5 41,

o 4M. II I 11. 1115. 10 10. 11 21. 4,1. I 01.6 .13, I at,7 as. I W. 9oso•

a;.10.40.918.9,5, 1115.125.1:30. 1 SO. 51.5. 610. TO. 90. IC SO. .1110. sa.d.,. 636.90 •Ssiur oulr. v.nl S.r.et) 95055,. la zo II 25.0969. 50. .nispow )210.60. •sal.

'l9, 5J&933 311. 11 13. W, •1 41. 24. 233 43. 4 43. 42. 9 37. 11 2.1. 11.914,4 U 29, ,2k10199•9 only. 1492.94999 994•92.1 PI W. 9-7 5. 1124. 9 13,10 33.13 16.1 I, *3O. .535. 6 46.6 50. 21 II elutaday• H. 2 30. 7 34.

ot.111;12a.1 L 5. 42 4444474

/-813.9 7111.104. •116,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
1176.6:711.6 pm. 2 36. 136 2 3.2

bi 1144444e4.—: I 55.2.55 41445. 7 5(4. 4 4,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES iNmspENsAlliy TO LADIFS! . rr r PiAll,Cl1011.•.1171:111•

',Mad y IttoN rn.ed.la In Inas than 19 hour. VI•N Mlalt, Wtkt 13 won nn 01 'se ry and hopelena- seta " A tnapnnly nt.nrddrnann h n Itattl• atht Wm and medlrnon. ttne dt• al. It natal!, wan ant tor an, ewe MI .li, fully dirreyd nn- v,opo f,partioulrea3.l,,,,.. 1 Ind Inraltallei Ice ennry tnnunsonnd tatt ad, rad,. Tlmasnda ot attltnatlnts tate Item meolved ratablabot natl. 100 year. Do nnt nes rhn.'ed brawny a4vertlannents•4o when anantllal rennaine I • h are utterly antatlaa pritsaly, at our., Md. 0/111411E FRIA 114. nswatiC•l.. 1,971 TC,, AA CAA al, ROA n 'aaansda faaase.

PRINT .11 Not Itwo

===== 0002601_18970514_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR OWN

uus,, Coo, Prleo Wu, Church arol Scbool Work, or Iho Ockdooic Part ••Ictoloicc. NlClnkinc, !risking •.1 ....WI. I lokoked)Wpoet IP/lb rrelPitivw ran,' (411print.11ooLruo. ,c.• OCT , M•se Moon

ro• 144111 VI stamp ••••• 01+,11,... o.?tiltMs.

Th. ItCoNOMY P IMES Cu., LTUVUI!, A. JAX.CT0.11.0.....i..".

• OLld • tom. Vs .111 all

===== 0002601_18970514_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
L..,. L.?.4

LW awl Tes.souiale Pa Pre..

Tama Ot•of 4•14 • 1444/.4144.40 07/10.00-Uht.,..c0000. 1 ....K.LL Ttaw, tno la &boot No&-puteka/tn. •I /1411, 44//ntute.4l too Trude otappli. 11111110 H ts 41. Y. M4OlO 1,,1441. 4f, Mgt , Camden Tosn.l4totl,tn t raae quote ,44,0 r

===== 0002601_18970514_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOVES I GLOVES II GLOVES 111 SIoLENOID QUALITY.

eh 411. Why...nel . T...7_17-.1.1.1; :t. +4, Yedire Myinit of the tosnufArt,Aers sad *aye "to roella. TIM ITALIAN OLATII COMPANY, IA Tana ,rva, CKA•asioa, .A.o.m. N C •111....1 y•A • ,AAnn th• Arela4 I r.ZlT:ll.7tilerat...',".t.ellirwriVit. 9, LAIJIAN. I Button Suedes ~ „ Nre•A:rn'rl;t: i; GANT, I ',Kea Taxa „ (aoy .;7.,tr° .. -.,... is!

/.4.2110T1r. 1000,4E1M. Inv tit,l4l for

...... ._. ti. GUR- E5":..•.,„*.:! 'f,....cettNEUliALGlAiiii. !, .l. ~,,,. .. .., SCIATICA.ALL tiEmpe PAIN iIiSO94%39CITCSIate7 9.'C

_Sample Poet Free, 2d.

A.M. Wanted fee th• S.I. of 20X.

; • i.ryitior -11 S ISt= PILLs

===== 0002601_18970514_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FA CHILDREN TEETHING. 1/1 ' Absolutely Safe. No Poise.. Cures Diarrhous. Presents Fits. E Allays Sickness,. • Aid. Teething. t Giese Refreshing Sleep. t NINA'S Syrup.]

Soothing

'otter Goo° N .• 0. •.• Datura At ma " Cure, -Ties. 'TO POTTIR C a.l

Caguas' Corrective. ...recto •Itad. I•vert-hoonte. mow. a.. 1•13 reoc. without saw.. So awl • Mines owe full, fa* Is• 1•22•1• 2 42,.. s Wltn MO 11141.1 fertile.* . work 2.12 e. n NAN avnes. rang.. bottle °67.1.,'":

._... • ••••i• st •••: sod 1...1 .40 rte. Mier:2 h"dli Fat s—.. an rail= lollsWea WHS I I 0. SLI aml Sarrodm.. IS6d. seg 4•••••••••• L

7GUNG i',

NURSE 40 ,

Allan's _ a' i 4 . \ • . .. J. X tenlammal waved tl doetunal I. C 141.•••• barna!, • olorm Owlet • ...

===== 0002601_18970514_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
roR ACHES AND PAINS.

EU MAN Eli Ml Al

4,,LLIMAN'S ELIMINATIiS PAU

===== 0002601_18970514_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SIIA N 1 e4' LAWN MOWERS.

...Nr Granite./ Improvomont soot known [may In W•rinno. Groot a . Marshllly. •••• VI ______

ad dad,.a..

===== 0002601_18970514_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A. SHANKS & SON, Ltd.

BNCATH & LONDON.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
!S.•

()itF.

BILIOUS &

===== 0002601_18970514_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK HEAD.

ER. FP ID A Y MAY 14 1897.

A GUINZA A BOIL !

rEetilitrs ,PILLS,

lERVOUS DISORDERS,

A Good Thing must Rise. HAvEo7:thom:Lr ir:.ttchar Buns, Tea Cala. atc , by twag " D.C.L." YEAST.

This celebrated brand Is ,aranteed pure. and it is unrivalled (or Loth honsehold use and Laker: regnirensents. Order DCL Yeast horn ray, dealer, and ket our Booklet of Instcuctions.

SOL. 111•NIIPAETIJA•11,

The DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINSURCN.

_ _.......„..\\ D R 0 i ---- -,, ..?4,.,..-.„.,5*, 2:77,,‘ ?).44 \ , '''''' ..„... _- . ,-. ,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
STOMACH,

OATION,

===== 0002601_18970514_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
"[PAIRED DIGEI

S , and FEMALE AI MEN ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLI

DISORDEREI

tLIVER.

MENTS

In Dozes. 90.. lc •11.1 2.. 91, vs, directions. The Is. 11,1. BON o._ a/ o•

THOMAS BEECHAM, St Helens, Lancashire. BEECHAM'S 1061 ii PASTE

BPSICACIODS-11C0110111Co.. OLYANSIDI lull VI& DititAfil In Collapsible Tu., 01.11 Druggists. or (Inc this Pr u.sist..r... tor le., poet-mid.

WORDS TO WISE WOMEN.]

the;.;

===== 0002601_18970514_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
'BROMLEY' s 0E Fx TH RE AR c. Ts

Wele Irma ll.....hierulen nette. S. IS Bottle makes 12 Gallen. et HU* Refreshing. Healthful Herb Deer. • DELiowfvul. aUelleßE ne.smaaall. 6erasSe pert free I mesree. 64 Ifeler 9 eery..

'BROMLEY'S EcsosFE NFEcEE

Dsllalous Coffee at Oes esnitlnd per Cup. MADE IN A MOM ENT. Absolutely Pars. No Cortes Grounds. ,nl,llll totally eclipfles that of•a prldn'essor. •omni. v.. fine ...F.. 64 P 6414 9 stamp

===== 0002601_18970514_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
t 6/taTti'liotirxciE//2,

DEAKIN'S

WONDERFUL

MARMALADE

Everybody ie delighted with it, and its cver-increasing sa:c prows that Iske all DEAKIN'S MANUFACTURES

It is unsurpassed for purity and excellence.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

All'll it pru,l.lll COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

tvi, think ill

and tr., Mut OW the de,ir..d 0..1 may ,loa 11-1 wahont Is• ce MUD mysterious compart.sta, .4 eurhantrol 1.1-1.• with c ^y-t•I Min) • h. land 1,4

COCKLE'S PILLS, tant:d by many thousands of persons, an4l found to st,wer their por lossa as the heet.—Ohareer.

Iv. E. any be Pet

FREE FROM MERCURY

===== 0002601_18970514_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PI) RE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS

For BILE, LIVER. ACIDITY, INDIG;

'ln'''. &c.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18970514_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN

I TI HANDKERCHIEFS Iluarant"xl all ruax Flax laill, .1-, ..!•! 111. r I i;tnixr, 3i13. llama,. .1. 411 • II • fully flul•Fatkr/x1 I. 1,. I :

===== 0002601_18970514_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

aIISHLINEN Orem' 4.1.•1•1.11 Pore 1..11m 1. L...., •• pop .1.. ... • • .., • ,1,•-• .• t • paPror- Tgrig.:,7l.3•l7:6'r"rl!:!;• •1:1"•I'N'S"r1 ~ :. 1, 41, ••..;.;;.1..'„'4",‘,,:i,,„.1r4 IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 iriAT'kLia=tl.l.l::SlTl IS'ci4. ' .''.' . Lit', . '. ".''' ' ''' '. • .'....'1-,141 . 1 ni1,";:l. 1'; ''11.11.111: IRISH LINEN LINIST, yard wide, 711 pr :• . • ...•46 por dorms. IRISH DRESS LINENS l'i•R silimktt AND , INKNINtI wr.me. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED ..1 ~..,. lt • • • o•al 14 Strongth, Dorabili.,p 9 •••••I ?4110. I'M •••••• ••••• 111. pr Wier' or 1 i entl. WM.. IRISH LINEN PATTILittiS PISS ST PISTURN OP POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20.'. CARRIAGE PAID.

G. R. HUTTON & CO., &ARNE. INELAND.

I )ICAN'S 14.1.^.11AL1C NI a rums 111, tnly n•Hann met enntsnot en nwin. it .11 not hamol. mnel d•inons. It It ems In• moo, I.4ninate au.* otiVrox 12 1. ;r8 I,noses guanknl....l Tnt n.r.1...m0 er ong •••nn ...nt ins Tyr.....e. C 1,1141. 1111111 CAL 111. Gray • lon 01541. L.A.. WC.

BARGAINS Kemp ris. cella. NOV esin• le liamy

peuperty e•hterliteedk eed. iesee The law, th• hang* a Mart bet rnas /etas wit. ere wi,has •OL•p4 WO, 6. 111, far ditty; 1 a rZta.r.?• • lama. tt. at• t. seetue.• tntar sti anew Sewn.. Ilat elee Sp. oink IlleateaNd etti .5 ell hookah 1 temeegte.s. ea kte hem ele• fay. fee Jarmo, tamps Mb Lase.e.

SOLID SILVER 3/11

CURB ALBERT CHAINS, Govuoment HaII-Marle4 011 ay Lk ter do. longer and thicker, 4 6, 4,11, 54, 11, to 0.0.1 By Pool (RedlottTod)

4d. ex tr.

WHIT'S METAL ALBEIT Om IllastratbsC 41d.. by root 6.11.

SIAL o COHIPAAS TO MATCH. 44d. D"ltrLaviti:LlD WATCH ES, o 10/6 "'Po" 44. eat..

SOLID SILVER MEDALS, 1-, I 11, 216 to 7I REAL SILVER BROOCHES. 84IE S. 3111. REAL SILVER RAMS BROOCHES, 104. by red , If 3 bad 01. SILVER SEALS, IF 56 3 6,

OST A SOLID OOLU r ern 0,4.1 • •,,,C"

OW- Plsted LLJENTS ' 4' D 2 _ • by Post ad

do. op.. ll..ksv am, Wm, Sec -AO Bond Gold MEDALS, 111.7 Ow SG

ai -.:. w • t. ei

DEBERT'S Electro Silver - Plated DINNER CR t! ETS 'Foe &Alia}, 211, 311, lit to 121. el Ilk Cut Gnus Bottles nu illostrat.oni. Ilestan-l'inted with yarn Silt, on Real pi MAW Sneer, will wow white throne...Bk „4 with libirld for agraring Debra • Pelt. „a 38 . Any Cruet sant by Poet. 34. •ticn. Atl

If you regales • Good iced Chip ALARM CLOCK., Boy ihe • Inett Clock ever ma.clo •I the peke. 3/11. bSK 01113:hAHT ALARM CLOCKS, 1/10 44 TIMEPIECES, 1 A, by Poet Kt extra. pa

i.i co— ow 14 g 4 4,4 al

Far WATCHES, CLOCRS. JIWELI FRY, ECHELLRY. ILLCTRO SILVER-PLATE, ." SPECIAC: ZS, sad GINEHAL /ASCE in Ct.tODS, call et arta. te 11 I DESERT'S, 10,CUc5TLI00L. Wags* Ao-re.... at IN W ••••.1.• Prate.

Orders by post receive prompt attention. Postage cern. ",

. . 111 • NO. fr. •-• ,b. 'f4 •I? 4' Ai • • .144 •0 { • • • •••-'• I. 1/441- • ‘4l • 4,, ( • # ' / 'l!.. • '

• ‘lf •-• •

===== 0002601_18970514_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY AT WARBIN N. MEP:TINOS OF TEACHERS.

i

Diming the week two meetings have been held with reference to the arrangementn to be i 01.1113 for the forthcoming celebrations by manager* of day and Sunday echaila in Warrington. At the inst knee of the Itec.or a united meeting of day echool maims/. Cr. wan held on Monday evening in the Astionel , Schools, I.:numbed., for the purpone of taking the consideration the question of the Commencement and cog' Ii f heechoOl holiday, and inst night there wav a meeting in the unoi emoolroom also Called by he Reeler, of clergy, ministern, eiperia- tendents. and tenchers of humbly end weekday nchnoin to consoler matters in cininection with the QueetieJuloilve still Walking Day. ......

NIONDArS NEE VING. The Hacha prosided at the meotiug on Monday, and eprolric the yr wiudings, said ha bad-wit called the meeting at his own desire, but Ike had been .abed to do no that My might hate an opportunity ot Considering the qumtiiin not the day school holidays. He understood that was the only qkwetth before the in.ting. The whole of the Juhikee week Would be • holiday in the town, And, the...tom, it seemed to be desirable this year —lie eras only mipiewing his ',ern opini.m—to give a month's holiday The custom tad been to give three weeks, but in toe circumstances it seemed to be desir- able to ht. • rentlnuo,ls lour weeks' holiday, rather than have • Wink's holiday for the Jinniee aud throe weeks leer oh. It would be well for the day who de of Ihnt,,Woti break up a: lour o'clock on Friday, Jkme 18th, and meet again on Monday, July 19tb. They understood Irons the lost newspapers that at. meeting ef the C•dporrition had been decided that Walking Day should he observed by the day +cholera and Sunday Scholars togetherTiut it w. doutillul whether that would be carried oat. Hut if ltw,S they would certainly heed the help oh the day sub.l teachers at Um pro- Cesaimi. nk I speak for °Mar day school teachers but their own ...hem arch,' be pertectly willing to Stop In Wien and give all the help in their power, pro sided the re was • continue. lour weeks' holiday ; too shsy e:ouid n te expected to stay and help II they only had OM e weeks' hollday Ile underatood that there were two echoeds which hod four-weekii. I,liday —St. J•mos' and Ilamilton-street srhools. It wis Mated that tile it 'loan Catholics schools had lour week. holiday.

The Rev. Vette', Dtrium said it wa. MIMI 50 Conte Moro :tie holidayn in June, but that put their scholar. out of gear with the Whole. in other town.. 'finical* adopted in l.i a. rpool Wan that the hnlidays should m COM,. ore tint they might terminate na tie aticond Yenta/ in Angus.. lie venture to suggest that that might be the rule bit them. Timm wee a sermos objec- tion to beginning the holidaye on the lark of June. fie proptiod that the holidays nommen., on tbe 16. h July. The Rey. Pith..t frrimme seconded. Kn hfiiahsfl t.esnenalln .11 it wan very essen- tial that the if., ..ch•ed holideye riliould be the same es much as possible in all the mimes 01 the town. 11.1 felt Putt' they would all he agreed Upoll that. (Hear. lamed He lied 1, It for tense ~.are that Me soma.t holidays of tte day Pettnolo, hi ti speak. had Imen prematurely early. There 1.0.1 aeon a reale). lot it. Me understood the school year of many of the Warrington schools elided term in the autumn. arirl teacher. naturally felt that they senchl like to hive the loinittler holidays early in order that they might have • une appre• table time IS whirl, to peeper. their wtioola for the annual examine- hen. That hail now been changed, the examination had Men dine away with, and he suppomed Met there was Pb arlao.ll, or merges, my, n the Mien uhrli had to to examined as it het in the aid eleys They liad now suttees, yinit or the copra:tor in place of the eld examination. and, therel ore, with that Clonlire the nPc"eettf for hawing the mince..r holiday en early In the year seemed to have mimed away. The teacher. in hip ow,, mhonl felt Cory st ~,,, gly tnat they world like the holiday intend the summer. anti he mrepathired vrith them, both for their sake end the edge of the chil- dren. It Imo • bad thing, phyaimlly and educationally, to with through the extreme heat of the year. That swag obviously • time Mien brain work ghoul.] c ese,and thwe win were fortunate enough to be able then to cm, work strand Jo eo. The rhanen had been made, and they had now all .)pport unity 01 ,nsiderihe the whole meter, and, therefore, hew.. plemed that the pero.at n.-eti-g had been railed. Me hoped the dayeetuld given leer in the Imre Tim only dim. coil was Walking Par. They moot give • mole. holiday in e0n..., Von with that der. Mr. C. 3.4 Anna 1101 W., na repregenting the People'. College, would like to air the Menefeen felt very emitter nn the location of lengthening the fi ilid ye, they thought the. seven seek. in the year was mire... They felt that they had the Intercom of the children to Mid), and that if they took mottle week they hmelr did their duty as teacher. t 0 them, salt would he delete leg them ef • WWI.). edoration. Ifs had to proms.. an amendment .liat the holidays coalmen. on Friday WYO.e ti the Jubilee week, and be c ntinued toe three Weeks. Mr. (lemon Wel I Mewon mid the h did not ea,end to erect with., only to Mr !looms. Ism. told by Mr. Twins they eatended to even we M. Me. Wm tworroa - Ide Cot like to contradict Mr . Holm., Out my recolliretinn, extend's( nver • period of E'S years. is that the holiday. nnly extend to nob,. I ascent You include the Rank Holiday* and other days. Me t ft P•lall.0111.111 reenreled the amendment. eon. v,hdinv that in the 'warm,a of the children end le the Internet. tlo school. • holiday of three weeks in sit m- Ter Wan ample. Ace treiour. of • eel. not be felt it to tot .rinus matter an the lee of • week', penee meant a r„,,,,,,,,nding 105. in the Idoverninent Cr,?.?. th. Rev gather 'tunny thought It would to )ejodi• i„ ahwien inn holiday• the tearhers. at cry rate, if they worked as they ought to wink, Mould have at Mae four weeks' holiday et my given time. Mr. 1.3 Jotter said that whilst he agreed with the amendment that the both ~,,, tumid begin AA /A to enter the Jubilee week, he own feeling we. that the Mechem might preterit ham four week.' holiday indeed of three. Molding that opinion he could not very well vote either for Me •inendrneet in for thn pc-, oiiion. le either Imo malted it should be understood that it will be competent to mice an nmendneent afterwards hear ) The Rm. fd. /trams...is Is in dietlnetld wetted that th. server. of the day ark el machere will he mqiiired in .nnertion eriih the Jubilee or Walking Dm, or butt Macaws that Wen. to Ile an important element in M. jumbo° 1 I have nu wee had any notice of it its regard to me own dit7 Mhool The Its in,. • Our own day school teacher. at. quite willing to stop during Jubilate week sod give their ear-1 vim, if required. Too ham all heard nf the doeleina which he. ham mine 1,0 by the Corporetl.ie. end it le that ear a. hey this ye.r shall be held nu Ma Tues- day, end it shall to • combined day end Sue lay eehnol memosinn. The capitation grant should be mem no bin aaaie of the :408.1a, mime. I and...dead that the adults will take part M a separate prnmeslon on the Tinwier, I hot thee. tweenti.,ne An not commend theumelmoi to the hop, at thr town 'morally. We shall have m non knew, a meeting on Pride, night g. vonsider the whole mint ten of Walking D. y and the Omen'. Jubilee. The Ilse. NI. •• non • Than we ill not know yen authoritatively and ienniMly 'Meth, the service. ..1 the day echnel tea-hers will he required ? The Kerr. • N. kge. IS tic move • Then who is to deride ? .I.sugh• tee.) After sem& further diecuseine. the erwohition and amendments were eubmitted to the meeting It was ' pmmweit by Mr. Jolley, Weon.lo4 by Mr Theme. Haw- thorn that there lw fear weekslinlieleys.frnm Jum li•h: prom Wet 1,7 Mr. Holmes% seconded lir Mr, iircimigh, that there he three week.' linlidaye. lens the Igth rune; pmpoeol by the Rey r4thOF pommel. teehntlovl tin thy Rev. nyth, ritrnw. list there be four weeks' holiday. I fr. .rn the Igth July. The RW.TOIn • I suppose we shall he at liberty. It we carry • resolution nr emendrnent te art indopeorlently in our own metannla. r les.lehter.l The entitle wan then proceeded eith.•nd it we. foiled amid much artlnsertinnt, that neither the resnlution sine' eatse, of the amendment. had hem carried. The Itet-roa We have the comnlation of k..nwing that all the remlutfons are fret. (Renewed langliter.) Nit Wmagii mistreated thst the question be left nye, I until deenite amangemeaM had Men made about the I Julie, proceedings. Mr Weir "myna approved of the auggest.nn. and mid be eympathitad with the movement For lone weeks' holt. dm. Mr. said the T.wn Council would preemie ham to talm into ennoideretion the result nf the meeting Is, 1,. held on Friday evening. It wniil.l M. a fnenight befrre they mold have another meeting to Consider the Kerne lideme

Mr C. S. 'Rumor. • It it ureksa t • adj turn. Th. Tcnati Council ha... carri.A their rnoniution, and Waal- fa, Dar hat hven lisad for the 22,41 Juae. M.-WlN•alls Bat liter have a.. authority tn dn

Mr. r. s. Ilt-digati did not think say tither atith"rit• rul4ta able alter the decision. It apettitid to him that each wheal vennid deride when it would ha. its holidays. 3tili 'or long then would laat Thee ...In ham. • • give a wreek'a holthday lor the Johit.. and they toted tdea. themaelvea hod mush holiday thy it.. alterte•rea. The M ,r1,1•Nfl", thought it wouid he • dreat pity to al; +urn the meeting, a. nothing .mdd ha igllg.l tut uoing ot. Thfl entail more or le. be., ▪ pl.'. and the. mottinds made clemmta unen their then B. would sentute ati home.,t no am at ion h. fore the t• hour." so snag., _hat anitht he • e'ae• promise. Itmild it he peetittle to give • week'. h. I during th.• .1,1 M.. and then lath. tiegioning, decanter ,••oday• ,t. later prtrlo.l 'f In. Irao middle of July '0 tbereabnuto. and :et sack ached' ha feed to give dn. three. or lour week.. it lilted ('len, Met.) Rut kit Ulna all keite at the tine, It wall

*trident they wtuld at ewe 01 tn the length of the Winders and they must agree 0 differ, but they could agree alto the date the betide?, Would begin. 'rhe Rey. Father Donose net is entirely In agree• ment with my on Tierra IMr. Jotter said time MN belong let in tt on which people vtuld nil Afford. linen' was anplooo ion hey were basing 0,10 many holiday. in Wartingt..n. Mew, " --- • - •"-

-TM Rey. II STUVENsom then moved that fur Mil, yeer only • hoaalay he glean Jutrilmo meek, and that the other eunnhar holulaye carognence On the 113 h July, . . .

The RP,. Father DUIVi•N seconded, and it was enrrled by 16 votes tn nine. Mr. C. S. Ruariees proposed • vote of thank. to the Rector for id...riding ..V4il• MO reeking The Rev, LT V. PRIM wooded. and the iw-ginn was carried. The Rector briefly acknowledged the compli- ment.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH C:II7SCIL MN:KTINUS.

A meeting of thi• Council was held In the Board Schools, Great Sankey, on *lmlay evening, undrr the chairmainehm of Mr. T. Dalton. 'There were also pre seat Wears. O. Thompson, W. Kilshur, W. Tayi Thorn. /Naha, T. Cook, with Mr. Smith, clerk. After the declaration of acceptanee , I office hail been signed by several member., the Clerk atated that in secordanee with a resolution of the Council, he wrote to Mr. Bate thanking him nn behalf of the parishionere, for tile long and faithful service to the pariah—Mr. Thomponn asked whether them was to be an leer ue ol rates. rh.. Clerk said the rate would he Is. Shin the E With re- ference to the apecial rate which cnllerted the pre- vious rear he Wet,' that them wu a balance in hand if from Ell to Ell. The treasurer, Mr. Mommy, hold that amount to the credit of the t. isenahip, mail In the event of any apeeial naniiary expense.; in furore, rlie brilaai. would he available —4 bill for Ila el. ft im Mr. J. C. Sutton in connection with the elee..i,n of pariah councillors wa. aubmitted by the clerk.—Mr. Thump- aon and Mr. Taylor seconded that the account be paid. rho mnti,di was cart ed.. Mr.Thompann said he would like to know trhat rep. the Ilreat Sankey Pariah Council intended to take with re. tenni, t celebrating the Queen's D.amond J.lhileo. ilo otaeued that the Pariah Councils throughout the Lam.- try were putting forth effort, to celebrate the import sn• event. Iln &mold like the children and old bentsle of the parish to have • treat en that occasion. tie th Right the meeting mould Maris the rpiestinn.— rho Chairman said 111..1.11te concurred with ell MirThoinnaon had snot Ha was sore that all the menahert 0 0001 agree in eel^. testing the event in some way or Mhor. It they had any @mtge.:lona to make he would like linear them, as he was of opinion that the oro unt area the bee, time to do so—Mr. fliorntwon I think we ought to call • pith. lie meeting of the rah-mayor. of lireat Saokey, and let • committee In, firmed for that meeting. Mitch a commit- tee could make suggestions and tarry them out.—The Chairman approved nf the allegirtion.—Mr • rat lie l• It finally settled that Walking Day in the rills, is to he on futile* Day. The Vienr has called • mmting hy circular to immolate. si,lieme.—Mr Colt said he under- stood that it was sullied.' • ',ref., at 'ad he built —The Chnirtnu : It ie ran, unfortunate that or have tot had a voice in the malt r before Mr. Thompson said he found that most of the Parish Councils had taken the thlrrr up. In that way what- ever was done would he for the general geA of the community, ant hit for a inset. It waa • pity the, were so late. it, thooght on. very go-it thin: would be to have • bonfire if • suitable spot cout I he fount The Chairman sail he had a alma, emn to make. Ile did not think them would beau harm lone if he threw it out. There were a good mane sual*hy 1,0.1 'erne. In the perish. and he helievad that if they were •O• I Proadiect it would he passible to Perlr.a field thst cnuld Ibe turned into a recreation ironed. (lieu, hear.) tie did not think there would be any harm if the an proached I, mit Lilfor,l,Captain Hugh., or the Blue Cid Minters. They bad • recreation united at Penketh. The cominitt«, sub-let It for grating temp vess,and raised the money required in that r/tr. Ile WWI of opinion the same could be done by them if noms oi the Minch", landowner, were approached. —After -une further coulnn it waafteeidell that Mr. Taylor (ia churohwarden) end the Clerk ahould go to the Vicarage end consult the Vicar with regard tn his •ii.W.l,-11pin the denotation returning ti the room, it rag stated that Mr Jackson was trim hoineMr.Tbrimparin sold the inititaq m lathe Jubilee celebrations was being taken by Pariah Councils in the country districts. 110 thnveht the Council hart been treated rather badly In this matter —1 he Chairmen rill the difficulty bad probably arisen on neenunt of them not haying taken the matter up before The Church people with have thought thit the Council were g,lng to ill nothing in the matter—Mr. Tkompaio movel that the Chairman, Mr. Taylor. ant Mr. Smith wait upon the Vicar and obt•ln hia elerr, an.l that thee call a ineeting of Ulna-merit If they thought neoeutrY. —Die Chairman naked what they w ould do in ...peat to his augerml ia of writing t afm landlords —Mr Thompson thought it would be advi•ahle to leave that matter over until the meeting.—Tht. aru agreed to.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Fro<xuoy lIFATII PARISH COCNCIL.

A kneels! nnwting of the nhowe Connell woe held in the schnt,leonnt, Stockton Reath, on Tue• Inv weenie, the pee.i.lence /1 Mr. P. Iteeretn. The C,lncillqr* prevent were Mann. J. Whitley. J. W µ,nehier. Bestlehaw.ll. Erre, Roueland,, K. E,glA.l. U H Munn. J. PinnUerton, with Mr. I. F.l,i•on (rkek.) !Amon. finworley, •nd Danner, were Alm preeent to confer with the Connell ~n Jnbilow 111Vt.f.l.

At the sweet the ( halter. said the meeting Wl4 0•114.1 to consider at leas aesitmed to he an encroach• cent et the corner of Cnapel-lann, WaPon.rnad. (he property eras to he sold the neat dap and he•h4.l got plan of it similar to that in the •uctioneer's hand. P would be within the rocollectinn nf many St wilt,' Heath people thiit where we eaireed • lance at thin point, nearer the field there teed to he a heel.., and the roadway at that port arm between 25 and 26 ,ivet wide ! It was ilwirahle that the meeting Antal write • letter to the mictionove and anlir.tore fr the vendors so that the buyere f the property sr the *ale w onehla. tour they Mid ',ugh, it nor lin-veing there would he claim for encroachinente, —Me. Whitley said that Me Pouchier awl himself had yititeri the place in ,penition I Ile hinmelt dietlnctly recollect.' the eld hedge twin.' them, and when he saw the encroachment hieing made he plated it not to the people who were pottmg up the: , fence—The Chairman then the Conned mar take d I that in vent, .minion they eo,l,lmt4tantiate the Him ? —Mr. Mitiiley I harm not the legit 4,,uht wit Mr. England moved that the Parish Cnuncil lay claim m much land se bad brea encroached upon , the quantity of cexuse they could not sty am yet.—Me Bred. !Ghee, I. !seconding, suggiete4 that they write to the solinitom of thr ,ete Mr. Jam, Walker, awl aim the auctioneer no that there might be on quwilon on the nen of the porch...re alveut notice Pine given —ma Clerk thought it aim advisable that lie eh ,ul,l wri•• to the feetrict centre,l and the C •inecit , Lim matter se thew w“..,1d ha., to deal with it —The re. .nintion emhinivinf thee` etiggeatinne was then pawed unenlromeily.—Mr. England ...emend r hope that penmen in the pariah who knew of any earroachment in Net bean would come forward and nielt• it known en thet the Parish Cvuncil might melte it right. Be levee thew terns lot nt Iliad in the APPI,on Ptet oltheto.o. ship which had hen. emernseheel upon et different q.v.., and aim in Renchton Heath Ward. If the parishioner. would d thie the Perieh Council would dn their duty in the matter. —Mr. !touchier emu...ad similar view..

Mr Itradehim &abed t.. fl ,erk artittber he btil nei•eil • eirttliAT from the t,el (i itrerntnent Wi•eit , regard 4, lerti sal Illegal Nt•rnitnte. an 4 ahin at to e1.,- . Int.irinatign rempecting the 161.1•• 1 otrieh ("era ma.tl he had nnt. Ver, nften it way the raw that • ovinth o)apeed artrir the nrionitneenient , penred in the patient heltire the Clerk ,4 the rein-ii re. cel•aci contintrate•tion• (n-im the Lee.! I ',eminent o°.,d•

_ Mr. nonohlre miid ha thnoitht th, noght to aprint • committee of ahnot 30 o,cann• In rrrrr nnt the Jabot.. arran.ernente, and that the C.mnril noitht tl utvin • 111.1211110 r a names to form •urh ennimittm. •rhieh 1,01.1 t. antit up lot rinb-..mrn1t,.... tor varinot . . . . . .

NTr-.Allation a•ked whether the treat War to he t;nrillnocl! Striclann Heath ward and sot Anpletnn.—The in.. aaki he had been timeline to Mr. Whitlow awl other ntembert of Appleton ward and underronel the they were eon, have a treat nt their own In tonne,- , tine with mt. CI, pariah, A. that wra rh. remold 1e... Stockton Heath saririt clear It. reek* their net arranewcanta.—,dr. Rosehier maid to pot the thine in prvor "crier he would me., that the trent he con- I hoed to SPoektns Heath ecelcalastiesl pariah, which in. , eluded Wikleywrnl.-11r, Petra:erten. oreonded and It woe eartied tinaninvntedy;

! ..;;f7Tirr•i;ntittlyi. enfmni,tew en. then form«, to ensile .ee.neemon, for the Jubilee. Snme 30 name. were te•

The CAtioril then VIA M. Newton awl aireed let him have the contraet for the ...novel f niehte etc . le the p.tih le r LIMP... annunt• •n in• cream of CIO., the orevinita rontrare omit, tn•be moeh , larger enniner of t 0,.... in the pstifitt. Mr Newt-in wa• required to •rerielito a tanb--art t the removal of Thmlconc,thled the bowmen,

Cl7TICI.1:1 RPM Enild4 ••• th• r 11,4. onderf u ole• ,omo, Nom' Oor`Ordy. •. i monlob•o ••• r rdm poond•d. 111111• P.P mei •-•• •h• ',mope iollo• ar moat d•heate wan •rdt‘f•in• and onf m, They 'Mord ineant $•1 and 1, •ry.e. ru, • th• mood •••Yorin• mod d••O•orino or I, d. ••1.1 mot, •nd •o ,14^.16... rl••”•• .• • ,•ra h• nnnnn •I •.,1 molictri a of owned •1. and imrtmitr. and notder th• mod •170-03•• humour treatmrat nt rnod•ra

===== 0002601_18970514_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
T IF, EXAMINER, FRIDAY,

NEWTON UEBA DISfRICI COUNCIL

Ulm& provided that this regulation ahall to limit. ohlodiee, or interfere, in aoy the Conoco's right of heLling their statut ev..ry day in the ....k.—Th„ corresponden, with Mr. V T. Wi,itley, widening of that pen 4 Wortr.y,orOsd anith of Wargrave Church,ft,n 1,, tA Mr. WO ler al,reed to izirettn. C. mneil autoject to the Council p•ving ant fit the cr.'"a" re; k a nadu rrn' tn:d had o ) I ing of I private streets whirh notice had been *erred Work. Let. 1832. After comic unanimously resolved that Ca from the hat, aril that the CI, the ohj.ctors 1, the prop .sal malting of certain private - !Magog that noire. such within seven days of the tion of the Council to , int...diction to appoil

, (rot betaken ! !sneer, with ! ^ market ! ,tterl hi• AA to the AmiaNfiately peared that .r land requzer!l ii, awmgltlie hianttfith, twins to the mat. . the ifsatriet, for r tbe Private Street hoe nf same it was )(ketreet he withdraws be &meted to sprite to If the C.,uned, for the mete within the district, elections were withdrawn 4e tberwil, it vras ,he 'Men. ly to a Court of Summary time for iletermininir the

, • time in, matter or all .IsjentiAls to much works. and th, ri dices be published and sited wenn thnen ohj ct,re who hare n...t en withdrawn t el, nt jecii me, naming the time and o ace whereench Ohjectloca would re heard, in pin...l- ane, of B,llnn 11/of the Private Street, Work. Act, 1892, and thst arranefments be made w h the Clerk a the Maristratem to ha an early dale far the hearing of the tame that /MY Noreley, anlicitnr to the Council, he ahrh,llo.l to inetit.Pe and carry on such legal proceed. ngsma mar he necessary In c inflection with this matter. / A VAII.IAL laTih.trANA Mr. O.:Pinewood, in in 'ring the adoption of therein- Ott, of the Highways kn..(l.,mmittee,auggeated that the resolution approving of the plan of Mr. J a. Forster .1. old he rel-rred teak, for since it had been paged he . had received • memorial from a nuniher of rwepayerii Dr.esting arAinst the ereeti,m of anlet and recreelon rooms at the hark of Marke-atrat They prntated amman ol,n sparest being taken fnr mu 'h nutmeat b .th on eanitary ground, and lo.catia the surrounding pr.a pert, would thereby be depreciated. ray asksd the Conned either to prevent the erecilnn oth. h”lliings or to inwen paria itimila to that to Mn. I.o,m.r's rve,, 'earring polar to giro notice to p..t Mr. ,01,1,./. lir on. asked hat the plane he referred hark to the cont. mittee. —Mr Gunton, renamed, and nroteete I egainst the !surveyor allowing leidliege of this kind to h....rowed h..fore the plans were pawed. In this r•se the hese.. wet-- on an.' the huillina were read" f.ir the roofs b.f.., the plant hat been approved of. The innhon wan carried, and the mine,tu wryn firmed with the erre/rine of the ere hill, referring t iha pt in named, which wan reform I bark to the cool-

FI I'OMMITTIOR -TEM OF TH. •1.2171,11.

14 Toll* ZALL 1.1.111. Mr (Ireland moved the adnirlon of the minn.e• If the Finance Clen,nittn, reconmendlny ,hat ehegne.; • ntj., 16.. 41. h. signed —Mt. VeMthn aneonled, and the minutea weer pt•oed. Mr. o.l.nots. drew attentinn I. the fart that the el ee- tl.,e exern•es. amount had Iwo put down .n one Vent nf £2.2 Ze. 111. At • meeting nf the committee it woo trAve.l hat the Merit should tie. an are,unt the pnh• Ile .1 the eleetrni eltrtn.l4lol In town Hall W.el .01st then 'Welt see the ririleu,,,.”l., o,f the content, and what It e,mt. II they del not do an he wan afraid they • at. 1 .r plagund

_ Fø Chn.rrnan th.r wa an inetrii,ti.in ivon t th. (Ink propste • stetienont, awl h. WI ne 4.iht 'hi. (ink would do., in 4.1. enune. and brine it 1.1.. r. eqinniitt.e. it ..nuirl then app.., In th. public - • - •

I think in rev-A.olln hat heed evaded he tlin (leek.

Th• Chmirnian Thfli,sqny Irnprnmr atim. 'rho Cl.rk In gnl,. prm ifeti to bring 11,11 particolsre be- f,,rn th• enmtnittne.

M. Gitetanus said hes desire was that the. then. stuml.l ry,t grow cold. The rernlettion having noon pawed the 4t,..rneat might to hate appeered on the aeon+, The Chairman amid there was plenty of limn h.tereen n -tar Awl the next sleettwe.

Mr. tiihnqut moved tllst thr, ,tat ,rnAnt I,.nn • pr-,-

• The Clerk Itated that it had net yet been neVeteed tett Ow mid he anhnntted at tha next eqrtrnittote maeling Mr tiihnour regretted to hear that the atatetnent at not ready.

_.„ Ihe Chnirrnen th. yernrn,tt, yrn.11,11,. yb,, tn tek. what rep, they th.Y3yht proper et the r)-n.lttee when the nt•tement ems yrnrloYerl. . .

fhe rnOtor thon tirnry;d,

T. Or .111

air °mend thonaht It waa deairah,e, 010 I, 011.11,1 nl.lO. ann. otatenienta relative to the finfinelo nneition of the town.hin and Or. an to the aweannon, nn w,,i,sh 1 ' they heriel the rates for the veer ending Men,. 189 f ' He Mild it wag proposed tn Irv, • ganerd Inlorny•mon, , rate at 14 in the the name •• Ito tear. The NV, nee I to thy credit of thy C,ynril waa only £B9O 12. 8.1 .10', *OO • dectenae n, £1284. A. the anen,in.• wnnll ont he audited hero. 0-t ,ber he th maht it era• .hl e to make afltt,ntntoW dila a. tn the ran. of the 1 deer..., It had twee hroseh, ahrm. fly *eases! Warm nt 1 ierreawd expenditure, Includine hoeni'al ..... and I manennance of patient., tetnitatlnn. di., 'mall., build,nn. watabliahment ehartes, and en* Pelting. The. was •lan • decrease in yy.yipty elf Ewe. Then there was In addi,inn the evpr.ndirtire no the rnaatet etalla aninnntina to £270. mihhe ennyeekneee £945, and ern hrisarle annhonem, and other n'tich ac,ounredft the deer...wed hel•nre of £1204 I> .elna the veer the of the tnwnirhin had In- cremwd he £llO7 ...I amirnina tha. the %cream of the ' PS, veer would ant he in-nerd, they tn nevi. from • we•eral impr.vonvont rate of It In the L I.wrle4 nn £49 202 which woo the smeemble nahle, £24140 Tneir Inenmo frnen all smrem was ea."

. ..... - I e £44341. di , •nA the retwelitore £4409 13..1 leaving • eurplu• of £24 18, 41. Toe, had nroyldctl 1,,, an incremen pihelldohlr. of i 2.350 convorwYlon 10001 the no .ienattment for irnornmel *owe tlehting, and they ha/ els., mete neovielon for honplial there.. 1114.11hthelfe 11111 amount of £4OO 4,ine• anhOtt ,n 1898 of £lB4. We htetettet of £2BB they sinrerely hope 4 not rerpilret. f I Ole thigh, •11‘1 in naming the. 4 loan 5.4 1t.., peiA nft on the generel intnroventeet ra. amnuein. to 8442 per ~,nom. Wlth reference to the highwar int they beg.n the twit veer ...Rh a hehlete of 22 37 i •nrOnoleimA I the west with lin Increase, balance antountine to 02.516' Ft. h./I now to ask the e.nin.fl to pm. • higher, rote of the non.lmt su-n of soyennence, wh,ch he wae ple.s•A 5.. wee thy...panne low than last rem The do- crowed revenue in renseq• were of the tins of the rate would be £750 it, feeling with the 'enter not• Mr Orman,' **A i. erne hemmer, in enneecnienee of the r,.' of the , egneyneents in nonneetinn with the water , to gala the water ride from 2.1 to 4i. In I to. & They hart rlonntiort to rlo awe, with the etwebil rafted.. tnto of 31. In the 2, whieh w-,111 Winnlify the *connote end only moult in • tom of 30s. Mr Orinael then It, ,reeled to ,i•• • etn,onent of the InAetewinem of the Council. !lime year* ago thew NO tat, on 221.000 At the present time they tyme--lertort. in, £2 000 t Ore. no on the gao Yewk•—in rleti. to tom ninount £l7 ZIO Tont woe .4,11 to 284 nee I rent of the rate. 'sloe-260 223 which mese* : thtt onoch member of the preniletio% lo the towe.hin wee In debt the ton. of 234. -r, the gr irth of the township Aoring the net 30 ecare he -wed that in 1877 the rate. were le 04t. the awl the rateahle value £39.658 In 1417 the ..... •nlue wee £48774, an.l In 1897 281 283 erhi-h oh ,Wwf ith 104,0440 .loring the last tyyent sof rent. Th. %anther of hon.. In 1877 wee 1,741. In 111872,271, and to-fey 3.010. twiny he inerees• Amigo, the law 24V.*,* of nearly 73 now omit He then mown. the. • general intprovemen. It , ahifl..v fete of 7.1., an.l a water rate of ft. which wee in all • 'et& derreano ~I 11. ~n last yew, leeiel. _ . _ .

rne rhsirnt.nll,.fronril irodebtod tn Mr. I 'man"l. hi. 'Wm...at al War Ananme.

M, M'd.l,'l *enlp4 I th 5

===== 0002601_18970514_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE NEW RAMS -FINANCIAL 81-ATEMF.Nr EY

R. ORMAN!)

The ordinary monthly mooting of this Council • held in the C.uns ii Chamber at tlis Town flail, Earle.- (iron Monday. Mr. C. B. F. thirron, J.P., C.C., pre- aided, and there wore Mao meant :—ltey. E. W. W. Kaar,Dr. Patterson,Mcsare W. Collinenoset, J. W. Ens. inett, ii'., P. McMahon, W. Gilmour, F. I. Wood, J. simpanr, W. 3.11. Forster, E. T. Evans, T. Orinand, with Mr. W. W. Shirley (clerk), swd Mr. E• ttrierley (aurveyor).

, T. 0113 4,411.11'S IMPORT.

Mr. Jalllol Sisson. manager of the 0. Works, In his I rep dt th oi and Water C.mm,bee weed rh ii,e melte of gas tor past m.nth ay. 3.179.000 cubic trot ; wag. paid, £Bl 9s. Ild. average per 1.000 cuhie feet, 091. wag. IP. arhollitt P•id for laiaf. £495, : average per 1000 cubic fern, 3.100. In eonneetion wih the Watar Department he had to repnrt • tool onnit• r of lin,kori pipes requiring repair. They had exammed •nd put into a fair working condition all the eaiding arab, hadrants and valves,but had already reported there were not solb.•ient hydrant., and if anything wee intended to be done in this matter now was the time it should he put in hand. He almo wished to draw atten• tn the fire apparatus for garleatown. present was ...led at the Town Hall,nd if trw.. wan.d her. riedir at nght,it would be a difficult matter to get e it. th dight it would be hotter if a flit similar to the one on tla• Wargrave 1g... War fiend ownolthero adjacent to rre,aen Hail—this also applied to Newton, in fact. he thought about four born albould be flirt ab .ut the dub Wet. The weer eorpiump.ion too March was —Viaduct meter 2,100.000 4511005. NoWthrl net,, 27.7.10 tall Perkaide tinder 21.000 gallonst 1?1•1

2.188,700 gsflons eoriemoo.iing mohtli last tear, 1,707.000 teflon. ; &enflame, 2,1.88.300 gallons.— The committoe iirdered that he Hera prep.... list of past resolutions by tbe I committees of the C Ann. sothorieing work to he done which hail not been earned riot, and otihmit to the committee; and that in the resin ,if any work being required to be done to the engines at the its. Works, estimates to be ohtained for mann rn.' Clerk submitted tenders for from ten fifteen tons of scrsp iron at the Oa. Works, and it was resolved that the tender of Mr William fionisyne, of Iligh-street,New-1 ton-I—Willow, for the sum el El 12.. 81. per ton at the (i.e Work. b. woo fred. committee also ordered : that the Clerk invite tenders for the neat meeting of the normnittee brood, csonel,liino, and vitriol for one Free, June lst. 1897. to M. 31.1, 1898 —A leiler, dved ' /pH 20'h, 1897, was read from the Kogint, Boiler, &•.,! Ininn.i.reC.impan% Joinited,stsiliag thee their sinmec,r hs I nininined tho olers .t the Ga• Work., winch were esti.' actory, except • dont, leakage from Ow I ~nt bei.tom !manhole of No. 2„yrhich required remaking. The tit. Manager etated this would be aitende Int Ti,,. minutel of this c 'remitter approve.' of on the in.. of the Chairman, seeen.lnal by Mr. %Wish

lIIMCN.,-INVIPOSND INC 444 .

The lie7;;al- Porno... C,,rninittee'a minutes nt the meeting on April 28 h contained the following :—Letter, !doted April 28th, 1897, road from Mr. Parry One ~1 the , : wilting that a wage nf 54 pm. wo4 to grant.ed nor hi, herself, in addition to the joint w.ge pod 1,. he, .nd her nephew. It N. cos dyed that the appl.eation P. no.. ontortainad —Lntter, dated April 121,1897, rood Iron. Mr. J. tlieginhotham, euperinten. dent I police, rating flint lie lei. shout ta apply to ho.. ChleF Conatahl., ol I, inr.i.hirn for three addition.' eon- et.hle. to augment the pen nt force,and reque.ting Connell to support hi. whereupon it ri.l•o‘l Ulla elork atithori.el to supp,rt, of the (I.nincil, Superintendent applica. the.

Tat .117.11-•16 4141.10...101/9. Th, General Purpoaes Committee at thole martial on the 281 reaolved that a dept stints conaiating of florron, 1 P. fitolar. I P.. (lollingsroml,Ortmantl an Dr. W.thina, Os appointed to wait upon Mr.Psrd,. and In, hefore him thr, tryorti r c•romend. elm. of the committee as to suitable comes...notating the Queen's DJ•firmit Jutilee.—lt was also reeolved that nay con- tain...rot gait within tho district, deeirina to illuminate hi* premise. on the nicht of .11, colahratine of the Q men'. Jubilee il,ina Mod, 1897,, he aupplind with gag for such illtiminatmaa at the rata of one farthing par burner. 'rhst ths Town 11411 at Ewiratosto nn.l Newton be Moraine.' with wawa ourtablodmign,and that a II at be purchase,' for Newton Tian 11411. rim minutes of the Ileneral Purpowit Committee were appirwo.l on the motion of the Chairman, secooded by the Ito.. 11. W. W. gar.

"T•.• I t DING .O.a•T!INS

Me meriting of tho tlianways, Public Wort., and C trtunitteet on Mouth 29.11, correspondence was read which had pitted between Mr. WQrsley. riolicitnr to rho Ctunttil end Messrs. B. I.l,enti and C.., on behalf of 111. am. Weight... Trutt., no Murvevarts refund to allow Meters. Intiterald Brothers, to pr duct with tmild• ing operati,tns in Hopettt ,nwing to the land(havisig been Al el on with unsuitable refute), Going unfit to be built upon. After consideration, it wan eel tived—that Mr C•Hing !rood, Me H won, the Clerk, Surveyor, and Mr. Wortley, call up.n Mttteire Devitt anti to., with refer- s., thereto, with a view to a settlement of the question and afterward! submit the b.rint to thit Committee.— At At. later meeting the Chairmen repenr the malt the triterviess of Minitel, and Mr. ft mon with Mr. Wort- ley with re'ereneo to the building land—fl,tugliton't Trutteee and the Council—and stated that. Mr. Wortley hal .10.1 that the Council were not legally liable for env lus which It i,glifon. trustees allege they have Mauer...l.

introit, or ler manic. °sm. Or Zartal Th.• report of the \lodic.] Officer it Health for the fret quarter of 1897 wait react by the Clerk at the meet. m., it t. 1814hw s, to., a.nmrtee on April 28 From it It xpp.tro.l that lean era riegiateml --Births, 45 In o,r 69 ',nal., .i..atht. 41 male. 30 I villain. ;el.,fee of births, 24 in,!.. ;39 females. Ti.. were an ennknal rate of 38 2 and the deathe 195 per 1,000 nf the estimated puniiatmn. Ten infantile dearh.rate yrs isi to an Arnold rate of IS 0 prr 1 dowthe children nod, live ream of age were 535 per renr, ..f merit.' number in the unmet... Din ratites of death were certified as under • --"carlatina I; rneinhramous ewe, 1 nwairlet 7 ; whorping rough 8; rheumatic Neer 1; 'nfi•ienta 2 phtham 8 beincnitie, pneumonia and , Wear..., 14 hotel dowse. 7 all other diatom. 26 71. The high death-re. was ahrely doe t,. bronchitis 14 ; sh-Ripmg r.rreh 8 ; and anksleet 7-21 nut of the 29 rag, in children under far years of axe. The deaths II from the seven orinripal sy-notle diseases were equal to an annual rate 48 per 1,000 of the will/sated popeektlna. Eurhte-n ewer of infect dirs.. were et,illed namely •—Snarlatina 12; diphtheria or membranous rersp 2 , enterie lever 1 ; ertsmelas 3, hoe pat wrote Sem end, an I tie erre •iner ea rears old. Only three ,erarleina 2, •nd rnernhrawm• cr nip 11, of the notified cm. en-lit fatally. Th. Other fatal ca. (15) were of meta.. Y. and ant...pins path S defter& Weeh aro at , present not notifiable in Olio &stela. Th. detrieutine if the rash.e.e notified rasa. wet a tardier ,—Vitduet ward, to, r girn 81,11 ward. 3 erne Lane ward, 2 W....... ,'.rd, 1, Keeton Ward 2 and ten C... of aesrlstina (five patient@ underand five shoes gee sown , nut, were removed In ter leration Flosperd, rr War nib; the enteric 00000 Oiliest who died there

114.11,141. tesvai-rolia Mr hrimley in hie inontni• report to the Ilighwave, be committee maid he lied pleasure in again reporting lathe C.,nneil that all was going at well in the ww.• tar, department, except that one of Um harms had fallen limo and they hat had to hire no. in de Ma, cher c,uld n. 4 ger q.t. clear of the scarlet lever—there -Cr. two ',awe unit., treatment at him. ant Sic,'..-. in hoemte,. Mince lais last report, n have hewn served on owners and occupiers at prem.... to an.,. nuisenees, and thew had beoll, or were being attended to With ,lerence Ii the choked drams cm Jowl. Henrys farm .......Iran. eottages hehheing to William Smith. no.. Penkford Itridge, Newton I. quince, he had to mine: that •othing he. T.! been done, althoush notice. have teen aerved ni I,h partite. The t ale I.r err•et tt..lany dorm, the pant .is week. haw, been 980. 11 m•rker awl Manage, £45 12.. 81, total LS4 124 9,1 agalast £27 18. 11,8. tor five ereelta enliag April 18th last Tear rlse committee reeolved that • re- arrangement for the dimm.al of night• made, so that Mr. Wiliam., of Ni'. Hee Farm, might take in the refnm front Itotm and Hrnob ft .1,-streme. and relinqumh Vitri.l-,•iare, and Mr. ti•lheet relinquiabing flop. and nun 'Afield-erne, and take in Vitriol-equate.

The enreeros.;;;;;;J;ll7.re-re.et ma. 'road 1.• meeting of the Ilighw ago C.rmnitsee and wi•mted.excent that part relating to the expenditure of CSOO for 4 . rhrrrportstatrd that the sr,wltmen during the twin month have been engaged repaving Highetr red,,m• In and nagging Filrelnughetreet. fencing Park-v.-sad gravelling radii in the (--.,.t -,t: and inacadam a an Viea-reed. flarrow-lane, Wargrave-roed. and Earle- Awe. Y.ir the ensuing mmth they would rwitinue b. tar paving in Highwereet.aett pawing and tn 11,44 in- mint FalrclooKh-4tre.t. Ilirrow.tane. and Kari...street. forming and channelling Ehniett.• Kruw• It,. hasl.ay Company were oa jectiag a. Ma diee•wirg. •4 sewage in. 1. th..ir Canal from the cotter. on (S.inmon-road, the of which •ould rallr,. main *ewer extend- ing along Wharf road and . onenen-rad, which Le esti- mated +maid wet •hout

&c ronv,nn,twMwvwo.rros.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH iT EARI.EgTOWN.

THE WANT OF A MORTUARY.

On Tn 4,44.• afterno,,e sever.l Molnyrert le 111. employ 4 Mr. Twig', o,n, ow, .r. fo. whn no. r,to-1

on ;,.h. worlut at th. Vo;,kn Shhhistr, wer. r7,n- vvy•A in • strt t. t. and when parlor th• It.rl-•town Railway hati.w. oho of then, nants.l Thomaa P.lkington .4 104 Ihtetstey.strowt. St. Bolan., S 2 town .4 ago wee wt.t...1 wan • IS. P Burn, who _ . .

I was hear the -Rare. H•./. ens ;nod t the ma; and seem. hip entedltien. he went I, wrap cater • ieh art.erh Ito hell hi* head. a, he 111 not teenyn ermatilU.ll,l4 he hal him e myeyrd In the rave to Dr. Honoree'. teet a. arrival Itl.f. he IC. found en he dead. the dneeaapda man'. trinela err. rnmrnunicatetl .111 e. eel. nt. to • the eflect that he hail nnyannely tuffered Irani ftin 1.,,. iny la-en given hr • medical me, the Coroner deeidal that se eat naseewatary to bold an tomeast. After the man hod been eren.naneed dead hy Dr. 11.,ur eey. h C. Ilnrna hi .1,1 ahout I, t.,111. te,a, In Which to pu• the comae 0n..? trail he removed to Xt. Helena, hut al- thoo.ll he regained from all the pattheatra in tlee town. , ' and other, whet owned mthoserea, sone would provide earconernerlatlort fir the reception of the body. The,. at I m -.emery le the town. awl a: • hut resnurre. Rome I e.g. I ttron e. Ithireper. Clark lathe Merle. Leonard, at-it that reetelotneen at once_ an. perationna for qv,

ladoldini plata worn auhrnittni, del ref erena, to arh.rh It an% resolved—That the plans 1.. the clay...in .4 pail M.o. to waste. wive. eloceta at 8 ch.ttaizes.... Karie,treot and Canal-atre..t,h,lorigina thtb. I. L N W Railney Company, tisitd lb. ,pin.rm tn. Mhtiral 4 Wahl, ha 4 herr. .1,...,1, 11., I!.. 'Jane .4 Mr J. If I' oator, 1.1.1011, and 1-,'i- . Tin rr.IITIID .11•Vt.ty rshiennains. Mr' 4;1"."'• in.h hf th. r ,Banic-d lb. tve.rprowfd11111411••••11. -SA ind III! at t. SV tre, • , . f ,h u. - 4 . f, I. t!le ntmitthe km. • sta,nrct t . " •nn !.v •'• th.i• at pre....nt lila Market Groin& it Wong LOU- h"I nn T".""I" 1".• P." v-SinJwirshle that ill., oh,whi he all,weenr t 'nil. it... ballot for pecitlon• in th• prorra•ion In.. th..hrma doring 'ha ariv,le of Ma w.elt alter otn.l 1,-.toltt.tt to t.th .tr• -I. Jr ehth Wen- Ivell—that no ataila.h...at,..! tan. ,2. It•ptitt• 1 Prmitttr• Methodic', 4. .t •-• I.t .trueturea. he allowed I. •i What Army : Vu!. •,.., I,mainfl the iiround at Lade.. ran W...leaana. Int. .1...te1t..1 ..,t no the I t•it* • sod 84ihni•Fh• slaw. tittS..l Iletket fentilad on Whit Yeedey ae usual. The 't a1k....2.2 U. route will be Ike YIN lag year. et pettrtimi. 01 the Morin Wpm*, r, N* bad tab•

nn,ly tn plor«.1 la nag nf the waffled rams at Mel Town Hall.

===== 0002601_18970514_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Al 14, 1897.

BETTING AT EA lILESTOWN.

A BOOK-MAKER HEAVILY FINED.

The magistrates at Newton Petty Session. on Syl midity were engaged for some considerable time in hearing • cage in which • charge Lail been pre- ! (erred agoinst Robert Lewis and William Clarke, of Earleetogro,with baying wool • platy. at Karlestown ' between the 4th and Nth May for the purpose of betting. Captain WO hington wag t. e chairman a the Bench, and the other nagi., ratea present were, —Colonel Wood, Mowry C. EV. Borrin, pie, ann LW. Emmett. Mr Knowles prosecuted on behalf of the pollee, and ft. if 1,. Kiley appeared en behalf of the dslen•lants. On the cae being called on Mr. Riley remarked that before the Clerk road the charge, and the de- fendant, were called upon to plead, lie wished to call attention to a defect in the itiformation, which he thought ought to be arnenited,or • new one laid. Ile did not do thin in any spin t of chi., ructi yen., he simply wanted to know what the charge really ' was. 'rho summons was that a certain act was ininno hattrten the data ot the and tc h May lie ' swished to know upon which 01 those days it was . alleged the offence °geom.'. fir. Knowles It simply wants altering to read " on " the days of the 4' h ant .I'h May instead of " between.-

Mr It.l"V : thr, 011.1111roott to b. Arnerol.d, or a now irsurd

Sir K levies : Mr. Riley wiybea to make a prelimin- ar epnroch Mr Kiley You are not ',bowing your apprecia- tion of it by making unaretnly inierruiriona. It true ultimately agreed to amend trio rurninono:, . .

Mr. Kiley said hn h7l 00. to rise to make a prelimi- nary applie %U., The pnwent vire w•ait 'my...moue ono. penalties of £lOO •tch, or stir month.' impris ,nment with hard !shoo, file einem.. had heen %meet at • comparatively late hour 0 Mirada, night. and it was not ~.all Friday morning. Itetween ten awl • even that the defendants err. able to get to Menne and we him with reaps, to the defence. fie might t..ul their worships the th,re \if .111.1 1., in all probability, ten or twelve tr del.y who wnuld my that the, did not see the ar• complained of.. That tieing en, he thought there *Wm!t tre an arli +urn- mint, fnr Fe had not had softy. e tone to prepare thy , defence. There Amid.% in tralitT, ha. teen tiurap dare' notice 1n.,'!.. rhat the def end.. might have had a propp. oweirunity prepare 11. 'ii d-r•ot • Mr ICn wetlee ti.l the tit, intent. did not omit- , I late any wind of lime, hut merely siid •• • reawmatile time "sh nsi.l tw all need. If. timught that had neen ' given in this C.M. ha the defendant's 1.1 had • full day intervening In order to prepare their A•lo•new .1141 no. hind to have prevenrel thy f erve ni I thy defend... placing them in cuarreir, awl try'.: them the f dinning morning. Inatead of d..lng hner- ever. they had takes the much more moderate room of summoning than, U. mw PPPPP er an • ijoerninent. and would pre.. for the ease to hi...,'! at nip,

Mr. Rdny sail it invariable thn in twtting raids that aedm thn defendant. worn brought bald.. th. Manch an adj .urnm.nt was grantee!. 11. would t.II us Hooch up-in hi,,dirn r.spon.ihilitv—an I lin hut prarlaing in that emrt fir 'mule 1..,,, roan—that he had aot had time to preparetin inf.n.e within M. Tern sort tm. allow.d him. _

Ifrinwie• or sled Er the eel. tn In I re• marked that there might te• • diffi•illtii in tiring iii. defendants joie ,urt arkin if the cas• Ir.,m ad. iniumed. Mr. Kiley p.inted out tint Clarke ate a marri•il Fku 11111/Intten• retired I.ir • Ira minutes to cooled, the appheatiln. and on returning Into e •utt

The Chairman muerte/1 that thee were willing to en-, tortein Mr. Ittiey g applications nu mrtsin condithina„ I • that he gave auhatantial tail to the p I.no for the defendants' appearance et the next Reed.. at Wetting- Gm, on the 19th inat Ti,. Bench could wit corspel On give it for dittetplanta were, of c Ure, not in C

Riley said he wished to point nut that while their wnrshipa wore out ,d tlx room be had put nertain facts twfore hit friend Me lionerl..e, and a. the outcome n 1 i that conference they worn prep...el to Mr. Knowles (interrop,ing My hien I has eapliined that l• the prinrioal. and bat Clarke am only in hi. employ. and on the undertaking of my friend that he will say something we liars deeided to with ,raw the cam agiinst Clarke end only proceed against 1.0. W. Mr. Kiley cow-orrol. and Clarke wise accordingly dis- charged.

eat then formally charged with ueng • certain epocified pine. In r..rleetoarn lor the p betting, and pleaded guilty on the advice of Me Riley Mr Know...* Maid the plea " guilty " sot them net eta goal 4 el of technioality, the ego's...tine of whirh would hams occupied much time that ar. •aluiable to the Court. With that mow p-rhaps It was better that they had got nd el the other man, up., whom they anuld net hare ached the Hanel, tn heir. penelt• meant that Lewis ea. really the prtecipai. With regard to the charge against Lewis they were in • amnion to prn.—and he thought hie friend Me. Riley would adind the truth oft alao —that on the two dere in 4ielation. eateely,the 4th and the Sth May, Low.* we, watched by Conetable• Duncan and Death, drew,' in plant clothe.. He w. gives to nedensdand that the •. cloth.. might be mum aptly named poor c.o.'s., instead of plate clothee,for the bonte Ihtecan wee wearing wee." 'Oct at the tom," and he had also had the mittortune to hee • portion of one ad the I.s.eyee of • " elnp will-h he hail on. 11.....ghter Roth conotehles had actually eteed bend* the deleudant on both dare On the 4 they am hint tabs between 1.15 and LSO from 50 to 00 beta, end on tbe 5,h teem 40 Inda Beside* men ahrl won en ram • Si, h-t, alipe of paper were brought to hr children with horses names upon them, lead the 'nanny to be planed an thr h... In their hands. The officers me the nar e. of the hoe.. on the paper brought by the children, and taw /meetly what wan being done. Their renrahips *oald notice that the lnyinees done -tannery exteenve one, and It elsould be pointed not what eirt of • plane It was where the bet.ing ,ccorted It wee between Il•ehet. an .F.arleato•n, and amts very near to the Via duct With. Moreover, the Date miecred, as would be men, wae Dense time, between um aed two o'clock. the Moe being preeensably to catch m.o. of the men as they , came cut I* thou meal.. The piece of ground was en atuated t it had thee," bolt holm'. at each of which ' there wait • " toot "ah could the ...nal when • ' poli.,ernan was ewe. Helen feet had teen matched by . the puller before. hut there eat &Deere • .me aimut warn Inns, ant give hue time to get away all right. The police the. days, however, h*.ng Is diegume, I n,e comma lengh, and an dime from Pedgate..—.hey were unknown, tat ) *nod in the bet..r.g. Duncan ba,lted two h reen hot unfortun• melt they were n , Win.,,. ll.awhter , Least I toot their bets. This rev,, in.., netting uedeubtelly very demorslrsong. W ,rati 1,11., had d , too niu.fi In may to •fford to bet with,, There was Sport In c neaten. with it, and nothing that could I Imp, it- their ...lee or movie. Ibis wee heiting in ite a, eat phase erb.re into er..re tempted from day bi der te lay toe., Ramey on in the ineoner he had al. real tin .ntiamed In 4.ldilion w ntlm.p ,11,41 an 1 women temp eoetotners of the defendant there were ern., *All Dee yd., eery likely bat 1.111 sent by their {Arent.. H. 'h orb, ,he an•soareba satien..4 1 that it was as tad a cam. as could be be .usht tarf .re the,., end he wool 1 ask them to ma*, • eibetanotal penalty. Complaints were Wade te the pollee math... I taw. atmat Vies bet.... *ad It wite flute with to any it It wee 44..61 sing t the whole town, and It was doing a greet deal harm end ceitshf 'nimble/ le to any familare, sad he threat .re appealed t the usagtetratee be. chest If by inlLetmg • sulatentml penalty tn this ca. I P.O Duncan, ewe.. 1 1.1 Athert.m.etered thee in company with P f Heath he .141, the defendant take tote ,m the Ith and 511 Hey. Intl.. brat day they cstinted S 4 bets, though 'here wore ....eel which they mimed diring to the ifef..nd•nt'a cr ,w 1 of coat .nune. On the ...ad day then c.a.*t more than 40. Hie ' cw.rn•rs nurnheeed •rnongat them aged men youln, men. awl rt....1r.., s mi. ma ',ling oi.••• yeera. II• I apparent?, teen .•t with rnmsey by anther their parents • r mei...hours. The hip fled het they had we made waa 11. 8 Lend the lowest la the nsnat common hem, 5* 4'l ,he people merle the beta erne of the working claw mid. Wither made a e•mple of hots m as t. flit I. driendante "oft the vend " It. laid bet• on Cone..y and Hanley Bay. Coe,oy ran eneltt. 11.eughter. I Ito gave the h .nktpropet nIl ale, Juan helot.. a quarter to ten, I'lathe cried out •• nhut up the be*. the bohniee are corning began., there Yr. • greet trestle, and as defeadeet shoed toe with... pieced his hand upon del -n tent'. shoehler. : sad told hue "the bobbles la. hon.'. Ile the. told tam that he would be reported. P Heath etet.aed at Padget* gays core.otative evidence.

! 'Riley f tloe ~ii id, thia teady•na..ney betting was the ' ',nest in the wnel.l litosuppeowd 11th prowl* hid Wren. ,u.. the ',et fe,n the grant er.• 'mute of the V.... ..o,rae wt... their 11,1,1,1.•••• nye. tio.r aro; Ille w haw. .1 *VI • g... 1 Sal •13. 1•11,,,,, 13,1,1 thee. • ...kw,l ••11., meat w wit Any ha ,n fl day ..u., tplt an Inter, •• in the ctLawok ray, ml le ino... ••.i. • *hot I Mt the -none, .• .• f.- 11.1ey, al, wI4 a., that rn. at. al ..1 I t heir, .4 the 11•./ t It area the best •.,rt II• fiench w-,11 take Into e.,ne•derntlnn the fact that the twt•l•Le IS this case woo I.4se In.. Sal h",n vtatle tor•e it gra. no' done ow a p dat•e-nnway, ant Oar I. tmehet'a ahrm, sone lilt Poway, ..r• ahrn.hot Patonf. where the oyes th• public wt. wp•altb•ltnawa• •-• • n 4. I 0r..., .n. on an•ari,•• ,I. rdNa.'..,. .apnnine a .I.otnlye er-,ee. and ha itanwattot they L 2 • r i'.• a' rarned wn .1 U., had

- - ./.1 I. r I H • ry ',- tat, al • man 10,..• t.1•..1 • op,. we. tn ,•••••• 1T1ce.1.,1, hewn sure their orvshipe •• •Id I,k apo• tire

matter with • large degree of indulgence It was not I for him 'n my bow Ulla spirit had become ingrained Is human saturr.Th., I.mnd it lathe history ,d the Rosen. and thi. spirit had aim,. been to the nature 01 thou. who had palm°, End tote together. H. ti,n,ml the magiatrat.s w deal I.mently with I: • defend•ni. He waa not en ad rent iirer,but • native a? KM...aro, us.! , had nee .r h.., in a equtt I jwitle• before pr e I eeediage would he cure to nave • gond effect on his be- 1 I newton, In U.. future Ile Mr. Miler) trotted the rang- strata. an... 41.1 not mak. the defendant t.•:. crueily the scapegoat of that Incline action of the Wire is tlaat direction, springing no doilta from .ram investigated. shore time ago the del.a.lant di I nut mak. the muss I suggested, it li., r•ltlrh, were vornly a perr.nt•e• : the tura, over 11o• hop+.l the cravetratre t•enprr 1 Jgati,, RHO "I'r. sod U.:to tan 11,1 e,,•••• ae orti,tal .o..nr,rnen• toller th• 11 1., the nen. ezamplart ..... loa

, the magi 'trams to trod (nun the court.romn for gun,. minutes, lind 0p.,. flu., forum. nu. Chair:l,m ~hommed thit the deumen of the geneh wao unanimous in Inflicting a putal,r at £25 arri e nr no •Itorn.wiwo Mr. montho• iroprmownwmt Mg Kr... ankwl that the !Mulch allow hun fon of four guinea. in cmokierotion of the ewmptional natUre of .the mate. .

Mr. R,lny Mr. ILwrorhv then Intimated hi• willingness 1., areent • whatever mneunt Ida Inond Mr. Kiley ••,ul.l sham, Ite thought that Mr.ltt er would hardly undertake to defend, • eme ~1 ItO k.nd I,lese than four guineas. .••• 111, hsd•ntlolpsted Mr. Knowles' appleesti on,•nd 11.4 derided,hel,,re rpturning In, court, fit 411..• Mon • fee it two gumeas. Mr. Km... • Oh! well, Um rrglee must psi- the rmr. (I,smoter.) The Iv,. amounting to £27

===== 0002601_18970514_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN QUEEN FrA-TVAL Al EARLEV.

coremnny ‘.f er.wrong the May kru•en was r arse.] nut at Earin..wn a Saturday under very unproistlulla csedulat same. Unlortunately for the CuMowttew who had rtiare 111 the affair, and ft Sr• ..hildren arlv, ~pened dull and threa.ening, and.. it advanc,d rain began tf, ran It .w.ly and r nntinueat with laterm,aainn until at. in lin. ai•ero vu, Neurally Mi. oonaularrnly 1.mp.1 LIP. ard ”I the pran dere, awl all vett , warn wi...u4ly asamlinit. _ .

_ A pr., nee ,ffornd thin year for the heat d.trrotej tradeammiii premises forth. purp-we of stimulating the treileseien to eke.t greater intent in the tinniest, hut What little it.: trati.oci wag curried out, em tnarre.l eon- 41.1.•ratity the damper.. ti the weutier. Aguiti µemits WPM anxious for the wegthring inunfort of their children, and consequently were chary at turning them ,utt in their fair, -like costumes, and time ,hr • •mon sr. not q lite esprotatirn. not VA tlio Plan. dittil of prem t,ttiutn,. Trot I It, ct.roirt.triy hMto cerrind out at M..w:on race coons, but was thought If the ground arm little • an.. lit.,entre of LIN town, more petronage Woolf result from the general public. Thus the ~.111rOlft.. ,IMlded to engage • large h..l,llnehin.l Menem 1 and r. hel.inging at Mr T. nunder..n, and ifoub.lem the importation el PM li.,etohttre vrotil,l hay. Irvin rr.li.ed tiati the ireattior tti ptoitltio,l4l, thy an it awi, C.t Ate afraid the Otlit• mitt,, will tine y..ar thaw, °este:). have to record a

tints Axed Ins the pane...anon tu lease the field was halt pain tar, Hat long sire that tuns large rrowt. nl people be. gab tI awenshle along the In la r ,ut lin, being • I large unft,e d emit- is iris aright, ,urrng t”wria.shorwtly MIMI' use o'e,wk, the •411,A111cluiractera attach clum- p herl the Wins, ,-Ind 111. se.n wending their way bulb. ref...syn.% annular the tradearneli, tumnra, gully docket wan yemnar c-klured tibia,. also hastened In 'he •11.• filfWetion 1., un4utgu the, judges aritkism. As in I,risar test. main, ex,raudiaary delay tnnk plare ,nn.-evinn muttlie judging, but .11,rly alter two, the dOl5l in. artuw even,uatiy arrived at, and ann ,1111E1.4 a.

-1i1a..-a.A.-711Paher and claantet ltirn,nir at too posal of thy C.ornmittee. le prize £3 Ala 01.. Mang., Sygal Gompany, J .1.11 artl, pr•••••nted Mr. Wolbam Melling 2nd Pos. LI 10a 0.1., E. Evan.. and (Carter W Hol.riew pr.airaited by Mr thorn. M .Iy., beaux. 3rd ph, .16. 61 Mtd.•nd Katie., Compact, (0001 00 M. 11..010 prevented 1.7 Mr. E J. Evans. elan B me brae. tra.b.suiva... toremit lot Nue, £1 1.. acid yr', L. O. Od., Mr. It •11,.,11. farmer. govo.n by Mr. J. W Thorpe and Mr. II 11,..,, . 2.1,1 {WI... El 1, (I.,licis Green (olltory I,artmr 6e0.11) vane by Mr. E. Aide's.. .Iral LI Ov Of. Mr. E. 1. Heat, gm. by Mr. • lammt•ll. 4,1, LI 0.. 01 liorireahrrri by Mob, Lythcpb. Oh pr.., 10.0. 61. Norgenlirt Gniebil,...hvan by r...mrnithao. . . . .

.. -.—„ Ono 11.—F .r the h.. 4 and rleanevt drng tars.unt. 14 prub CI 5... K. Jones, M.rket.4., given toy Mr. IS I. Bent, yr IS. . Mr. CI. bout, given by Mr. William gentry. 3rd prise. IN.. Mr. N. Sin'th, given by Cho C..rtimitire.. . . .

....... 04.1. e. were Mr. W. U Jacimus, M. It.f.; S Mt. I. tamplrril, Ulto li.li, Matron ; Mr. J Sr.d.MprnF.rn., r•rrnr. k, UN, Provc,re •tvi Mr. W. Ulltrer. totitnn-rowl, N-mtora. . - .

rn eyelteta, were °Hertel, but three nnly • rr,opl turt...ute n.e Prue or the beet dreesed nychet wee Or. try Meet... Yr,..e..• Beatty. Übe pr,.. for the Tenet Conical rycHet woo taken by H. Warkineon The prat.. I,r the in P.l. horn ,r P. 14 turn.not In the pro. , or*he, was tak.a by !h. Ja,nn Ctn.", Y in the hoot dreoratea premiss, the br,e• -46 Li end one ti 7"it hntt.a nl it... green by it,, H V esnaw, end thie we. 'Mond by Ile. J. Ilreith, oleohow•.

A. bOilcnyletldoi d the 3 rdµing lle marahallrag 11,,. ch.ldren ~,.l 'h. Tanis, character. taking part in tn. display •arr p. noredad with, moot at the c leading • hind, but it was uot until after threes o'clock that • otart whe mule The ealte alma, atter lain., the hold, wars vi• seen-ot Ilrnsghtdir or , Derby-at., If del.e., Hrodge.rd , Market-M. to tun VAC•f•ile,Malslif., 01, Revd, at , Vr•Juct-st., , link .t rrt•rulac n, way of Fat ir-or. , Ph. ground. Ao already Mend th• anath, erroardneshly militated againot the it, ..r,oad the process, ,a nu not tharoologe Pu gocrd so formerly. fliers n•rell.,•ever, the usual 4 .ard girl., It Min II an, and Maid Marian, bakers, butcher.. I ricirotero, lodt. taller., (1n.... crdicro, sad .uch rnada, rharactcr. •et La • on Use pro ',mann. warn ahem,. ad ra.ther. r.oe tip., dancers sad May Pole nen. v., wort, dcd.r.l, and they pes.roa.d a charmrag app•ureace f manning tr.• ..aceeeltnety arcade sad orderly. • linannogan's hand Inarnotod lutole• rnal• • ll,lnlr Ii figure so Ihn yr.scnocon, oini tbn add. tne, re cau.a.l eau, rsindenarnsf noon. •era sedierrol Uomen. prearent ditch...- In( the Papp. ijrcrm ‘lcaa e I, Prinor.. Queen r 4 sena Panay (Mr. J Quoin Remnant o /Arra Cansplagli, Fairy Iddeen o.por). 01.114. items wen, Bo Prep A. ll•sktaa). 1101 • lil Unglue,. f Little tdirla tilLlt (Ibsen Lama), 00.11, Warn lids. 11 .r Scandal (Miser. rd....among leton, sad Rams), lurry containing repreeentatiwn. of *snag, Mummer, Autumn, Werner, 14,y wroth Brit...ma (Isla lhatund surround...l .1 England, Ireland, Scotlared, cad • th• larstish •rnsy arid !hey sad NMI. To••••- Ind.a A rstralia, •Iric.. • ocame altis malr yr....win • tduch of loularar, Wait,, sora• ranuattered on had tut, ass the ask, ocean from I *1110(hrILLIP fide a.sp malt a• fO5lOll, se pambir, I'll the pr. wear.. would n d 'save auffered it. all to. Ally None., and fatally we mei, sic.yr hem, is dant...l an se satiqu•ted or ...Ica WI, ,do, which relurn.l .11 t.. • anew.. • . manipulate. Mr. .1•113.• Ca-cm . 1,5.0. art araa ais • directed bawd. the ealareament •.f th• crowd. and it,. stuffed nguroo,es‘c,dally that of • • Weary India, ...re •••reen. y Preardrag the comaee if the td seen acre !iceman Master Jolger, sword Leann I I ....null, Kept, tearer IR Cu...maga), crogra Warr r .r. Readers m)

Lb. Yannen N.. A1,,-. Eveln•J w•• added to 11,11, i Nue pia*. With •yk trimmed, the ...map so W1,,1. ! she bale. Omni Arawn by In., vey hers, With nu'. Md.. ll.,ned'e WY,. J Ky... •wI II blaeode., Teem Belden, Id Unabor end Y Welber, Manta ..! If Anal. Myles. (/by.. It/oth, Eltdee.th II ehh, M. Wade- • a, Mabel Mitch/44 and Alte.ll4 U.ohlya bleep ••• a , .mpane of Highland • ben, dli.- a. ohnwed the reco'lent tramng inched received at the baud. of Mr. J Kya•eto.n, the rem being It-night up Iby Mahan., the ,nrk et, diet •dr, bele fund the town ou nee Wheel lbw baud. a,c.dethauf .nd de. prone.e•ndi were the Earketolvn, Abdo.. awl Liereta...l pane lecdenl.

, oo r.turning th. th• dan-n• oral pria.Apal th•e•c•ets pe....ntod •19. ouncal hnn owl the ( ',warn", th %T. penomded With. Ilion weer th. u....ra I sad U. crone nom Waco.] utual :1.-- of tb. Wore by lin. C. W. IC wont. Sb, prro,t,-.1 her wolh • hymn mild glover b.“// S binour it th• rh. planing 4 lbw Nat 1.01....4 Ow I rai •••f exnert..l ee- -1 doe Lb. direct...Yu idWr

-The °Chet at-••Tri ...;;;;:ern^o.• Nabs by Keirom. the cb•rnp,rm trt, rs. nat. we, perb,reseal Y•rinu• •• • wheribarr, pa, • c•r.••••4. oe• alto* of • tycle,and Min, • lA'., I. r, stilt. Prulgerne Ika•dhont. the e.n. mental rale, skater oleo go •• • ck./.1. Sol hunt vue .-o•ertainnv,t on .414.1 lb. tbiA• ol the arts inn', an. camod out by the onnametl. en•Ontiog ne the 15... I. M. N0w,... .31411.

SAD DEATH A NElh'inN INEi WAttRINOTON.

---- . I ON THIC WAY TO I'll ESTKM MACE 4. James Appleton, Ah year. of age, of Noirtl,lll-14, 14,11 we, died muthlenly on W.... Morally/ when travelling to Chmter rte., lie via% ‘nre of I the tmeopants of a four•in•t athl-'O. belongs. to l• Mt. Connor, of Warrengtcs, •Int was engag—l with severst others playing morn. When avo ring Watt. he ghhir out On enrcia, and 1t11111.11.11-ly fell h•elt• wards with hi. heed Wining it the hbouLler of Is compantnn, anig expinel Ho holy wee c.keri 14.10 lb* Welton Arm., .1 It, 11 lU.OI ••••• •u 111113013.1 fie au/shit. the man', death o, thmri .Ith Co Mr Applet Odive I with his 400. •7 ri.,[...1. Atone time he wit. /a/hll.l n 1 tLe Swan Inn, Newton Comm.,,, soil after leaving there, work. an • enittl,• ettiker at the Viaduct work. unitt the death of ho wife shout 14 or 15 yore ago, when It,, left end hat 411 work,, niner Atone, raring characters flew.. rep...ally well-known, min with athlete. was • great favourite, he b••ing at one tone or another etne4 as trainer t , tome of the moat 00,1 hrof•annoal runners,inettultng Deertnot gleet,ahtl other.. ,ti, etpaect, a, • 1,0,mM joker Iran very gren!..l am mgr. hie coalpani,.n4 to one rewyect pe ••••• o,tor. tow.

Mr. Wonley held iii (pima ot the Wolf.. orma on T .urod iy •ftoroixiii on Choked, of the doc reed. Th.. first witness called woo toe ...icor on Nomuitt reoding at ot.f. klomiir-st N. won., Yr Mow.. ii.. .t oil that bi. (rho, hod Ino ...co, r.on at the tiny. ilf ill• dr..l lb, but for- inerly itd Men T., at • ry. Itecoased 1,,..) with Willer sod •uff logo boon Masao., having tieing at•endeil by lir. If oridd Wotkino, who last now him on no lith of May. Th.. doctor .11.1 that he might die at any limo. On Wedneoloy Ph, decor. .1 rot won. trt-n I- arrangoil to go in Ct.., by ono/sonnetr,. Wit no.. did not rrompany thrm --Jim-. SinglotoniN srgtro-rood, Earle-town, a turner. oril fro arcompainoil the decors,' in tho •I•{.0111,10 iron KIVIM.,1•10 on Wednooday There wore tti in too cone-yonco, they left Oat at arum o'coick in I 1.0 morn.. mg. Wy0....p010. to too decorod whom—toed le umal heath to Nothing occiirroil .in the road In upoet the eleeehhed in any way. 11., rosehtntt Walton, the conductor of the ronyeyonre ft., up and shouted " The old togs m had." The convoy. inc.. woo *topped &oil tot awl id iii••• g oos it from the top of tho ron.o•aore W...n thoy go to th. door, the deCeris) ha I hi. head on eo.• ohnuldor who oaid the derooared woo Arad lloyr told him [hot 11,. docou... I gay.. 'hoot rub% hut ho did not Oink tho nom von.. lio hsil known rho :Id year, flay.. no. a Mood ol the iliicimood The I Orono, v. 14 11,,.,. could be no doubt that tho dotter...l of tioort iltsear, probably Soused by the •acit.itneno, and lb. Jagging of the rritiroyance. Tito j-.ry return...l a sordiet tor the &cored died from Heart Di•ore.

Farr NAV ar ma,ll namr ...lam 1,1 am, imp,. (o.mornanrait aLranimi Frompita air Arririm L'IUMPaYIII"I.7: `. (7111,11:11•41' I ra i•r Pookrt kniram. ole . aal wisdom.. prima Ann mirrario. Limit liiirmangrapia Natoli Ma 11.1 .mr Pat page uf 1111611 mm -

===== 0002601_18970514_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
MA ,t rts,

WAIIIRINGTON MANKIIT Wl{ll/IVIDS a. As.•ll Mb. rant. Vie/EARLY POULTIIIt. relllll/1' AID . _

PI 3M WONG Ike TAILU

/4.4.1609 .9 100 61 099 1•411., bunch 00- 3 1.10901 per lb I - 1 1 ••••• . 0 0- 111069.., • - 0 10 • rib.. 49011 0 0- 1694 „ -024 116.696 0.6 r lb 0 I- . 0 0 1•10,101. d•rh 0 !- Pork .1446 -- 0 4 (.44491brre ~ 0- 1164 e rogs,66. - 6 2 4466110 • • 0 - li•me lb .... -- 0 0 Filho/r. lb .. -0 0 0,4015 h Ours* 0- t Chi 16916 -b • Ttar .1 lb .. 0111'nge •obb - 0 0 ••••••••••••100 -0 0 P 41.9004 100 l 0 -196.r.s *bell -0 0 11646606.6.1•6 • 0 0 1100.4.469 ••• - P•lo.•ber• 0 lin.. P 4.0 Pt 0 1144.•• - 0 0 11044 n 4,4..09 0 11•••• Fowl -- 0 " 3166 1.16.9•11, 0. Pi•maant• 0 0 16146,9469960 0- Turk., „. -0 1 9991n.0• lb ... 0 - BLOW IT al • - 0 0 mei, 0- lb : 0 t"; 71-: . „ 601446 In ... 1-0 2 5.. . 0, 0 TO .. 1 8 0 I,' 0.4 • 0. 0 0 - "8.81.18...880 - 0 T 00,41 0 0 - 130,1019,44•4 0 - 0 491.0.9 i 6 -149••••• lb 0 -0 190,1np „ 0- st be el._ 9616.9 ~ 0 -.5 Eels Plumb 0 - 0 9 le4 0 ...tirle• 0 - 0 Oparllngs 0- ,660 „ -0 1644 /11•46 Cuinla - 0 11,1.• 91 9.4.11 0 - 1601(.10.able - 0 19•••1ng 0.9 r 306. 0 - 114.0,96 - I whit. iftst le. - be... 8•1. • - 0 UM 11011 lbeerbo 0- Nitulm. bah - 0 1,111 lb . I 0- 11,409 rob -0 3.91.44n4. .. 0 0 -- ,0•94,4.9•91. 09- 0 2 11911.00 It. 0 0- I 1'019r9 • - 9 .1...16 0- ,

FOR FIRST-I:LA44 I)RIVATK I)IINTISTR Y. TICETII. lippn •7. nay p. '1" Lull. •nnottl.llems fmc

'II`KICTII. Ilvo ant It. RETII .e..• modwolo

•n NM. nine L.l •Il••••••••

===== 0002601_18970514_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
P 51.14•• by Use •14

I 'InIERIII. Nab« .I)..•Le 4 10 ~00 .sllna• wally

l,_ .w laia

3. H. PARKINSON

Iloorror or Moos.,

t•WIIIIMTKR, 44. sloil.EY-Mill? 10. tam. LIV KRP(X)L, 24. cur oicit-ATILKET,

Mr HELENm. I:IRLIVITOWN, nu 11 V.141.A15, at 11r0 M. IVA KW NOTON, ,tt WIDtiltriDATK. 3. rimoloT4t- RUNCORN, 00 1111:11141/AtA, 8010qm-frt. N”RTIi W ICII, on Vali/AYH, I..attf,oo.ommi-in

===== 0002601_18970514_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
11.110{11(1K

Ilmentratt• O. Way l• t lt•tith ettlort, Ir fly th. Ivy • • Ideubt..., T Ilettlotttl:T=

PI:;;;I• -Oars 1.. 1.4...1 p.o.h Warofts. by tb. 11•• II Ns, W likam be SAy. 6.4.

lIP.ATIIS.

Sflflr U., ft., 11Gare. PM* •••• I.nnott, Oa.. No*. bl.h 1111, •• Wurrinr.,. IV vv. • April TJS. .4 G••••••J egerl. •••71•41.ae. 4: Harm ApPtlib. N.;... Van .ginos. Won+. Nod* Crs••••1

-74;r1. Mb. Weet......••••• Wentrarom Mr.. Lirrum Vey In.t at ,ufrla voter. Cl.a, SY VI .1.11.•• MAT 4.4 I.r-4 (~...t4r, Mg, ass 11 jaws Ilmolwa ir4 al &pie, 5.44,

1.,...."-1779;,' ...v. Jana,. omn •••••• 111

mom. lb r Nay kw (raw-cassre.a,. ler... 1 ban.. .1 hurraeno.l.(l.ll,ll erssaber,W.l.aeorarereu U.- /alms.' •.W ••••: s.• Toll ,OTP... •••‘•1 , kor,s. Opes.h.r.h 1,..5.r..,11. I sansel.C. lama ord S. I'. NV *RD aro Co,. ti. rate r : • vrrtary. Yr, J. Vr.thhegt ee. ab e seastaa , 1 11011-lIIIPTTAL WU, rt,•fult secretary. Kr. P. M. Sank., . 01•1l21.11 II 4,0.11111. be ..441 , I 1. seder ts artard the trades...le sod eraployees se ' 111,4,,re Aal aces el C•,..,,, Puy.. lk,‘•••••••• Seale. , opsrestselty of eiteressni Übe Tiff T•i• sad lee. Tease, S's. r.... .......... ........ a....... 4 1 d''''...."'"6° 'n"'" ''' U" "4"*".". 'n "a"b' no. lr11411111•1411.;..'S7or ,Tm„,„. ... tima war erre la the Weise ball so Tb b renew. ' 110still.T1 • •TlIT.I•I ITT i TnirtuoutOy borrow.. tar sr....pa la hst reaper( the ells,. 4 the seetablose. abe they we. swap... by thyle atino.,,,, TU. ITIOS• voel perm aearea., bes Warr...4- pbta..4.,4 p.,........, .1 ~..., ..,,,,,,,, SC, 1t b• dears wen raraatlasaly wads. sieorr Me dia.. r.• 1T,...."' '.• .... . r....,:^0v....:L 2.2: , .....".• tom of U. I i.orre shose.sevenl sambas a thr Berko- j ...... ........„...... ...7,.- --. .:—....4-: .....,, ,r, 1 nerhaaelers was 5aa.41...ret... undm the Mr/wWom ler ~f Mr. 1. Kyoaotan. lb. PAN &mole, acted as N.C.

===== 0002601_18970514_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
pARISH or RUNCORN. Th II FOUND ITION STORM 01 Ma JUNI LIN CIII72CN will MI LAID M winos! O SITURDAT (TO.NORNON). II AT I,MA 3.31/ pm.

gontractS. _ „ Tv swTori - ri-m AKER r I RLD URBAN DISTRICT 4.1 COVNIIII -TI lInS VOA COAL and PUPIL. Tbe IlrMn D strict Douce I oi Nesrton-in-Ma erthild le pre, reid t.t..ITKMO (Mite the supply of 0.. Coal. and Timinel se rosy to required et in-, Om Norio in. period of •11.41,01, It MI Jilin. oil 1197 tii Slav diet. 1898, to be do layered Iterlestroire Ann., Station (L. AN. W.) free twari Ts.a.r. end...pa (Lis Or" n Cannel " addressed to 11, Chearnon OF the fies Curemlttee to be delivered at my hem out Ist S /WM ito 2.1 Instant. ✓otes d Molter nity tool, (tool Imen the undersign., The Dionell do out bind theinolves 1., anoept the lowest or Say tender. W. W Sill RI,. Y, Clerk to the Council. • Ofilo. Town Dell, Aar retovra. CI,, 5111. 1891.

*Wong ftiatteL _ (IN. .r riga RECURSIONS. LIVRRPOOL ANI) NORTH WALES, The Ise mete Ssloon steamer 3N It WDON Win mil (weather anti ercurnsmnces permitting) . , Bun. gay. at 10.45 ani . tor LLANDUDNO. BOAorooris, sod Menai Bridge, utriving back stoat? 30 p Tn. Every Weak- -041 (.nunt rictus a. I at ) Itsivlng at II ono for Lien dodo, leaving th-ra on return at 4 p.m.. and arriving in Liverpool at tr. 66 3'. pet. Los. Fern—For fit • her partied...mil], W. H. Hon, 31. Tower-buildings. Livtri.,l. LIVKRPO.O., AND GLASGOW, Paw. AT otnengen.. Goode hoot.d through at cheap rate. to or Iron Warrington. Runcorn, Birminighare, Wolves-blimp., anti all part. of SMflordshlre. W. hrr and cireurnst noes permitting. OWt. AND B11&11 Or other steam,m, ~re intended to Sall (uoleell prevenia4 by , stme tlattaneeno nceurrenne). et AY. FROM LIVRISFOOL. FROM GLASGOW. CLARNNI'II 1 OCR, And by train from Glasgow to (Sou 11-weet AM 1. ChT.SIOOI. .1 5.21 ,m. Prides lint IP m Wednesday 'kb 2 p.m. Thin-ed., 2725 8 p.m. 1 maday 25th 2 p.m. Ordinary Far,.—CA`..in Onolutlng s.wird'a to, Ns ; Return (mallet. It two ,souths). 21. i available for ten days. 17.64. ...rage. 5.. Return (available for ten days), 7,64 Rs.. Do els are ...We by Means. Langlands. Liver- pool Women and also by tneir Illanehre.r gasmen on pay- ment of la. AOKNOS --LIVICRPOOI.,In CLOT. STEAM MATIOnTinn Co., In., C. 11•00/. AND Co. manner, 9, Albarr-rrs.rr. Manchester, and 94 and 05, Tower Buildings, Water-street, Livenewb. J. 0ri0..1 DreMol..M. Exchange Building. Greenock. It. LArowsra ASO 'on,. 123. Rope-stresW. (Haw ihomennont Wong Itaumar AND 0•1/. 0 • Oheeter, and their agent.. ‘I'V HUM itSairITRALII29. ROY" h. Z\ LIVIIRPOOL to NEW TORY via Queen.tnan. ..... WIISIVio•T. 4MLINSTICI Wed. Mae 19. I GERMAN C Wed.. May 26. Cotion e.,. canned Second llobin will im mrrled .1 toe Toragt marred tau. Wonsan p.m. at law rates Including Outol free of Hann to New York. Boston. Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to !mac. leas.. and Co.. SC Leadennall .tr London. 4.0.. and in Watccetreet. Liverpool. , ", E' MGRATION. II ALL 1•30 DOION INTTRMATION •OnTO THE AG KILN' LTURAh Raaourees of CANADA, tho NORTH' WEST TRRIIITORIRS, and BRITISH COLD KRIA. and of the GOLD PI/LOS In ONTA- RIO and BRITISH COLUMBIA. 4201.11.13 melon To ALLAN OROTHERI3, 1 . lAMIRI-STRIINI, LIVERPOOL. Fos Tanta Ha”anon Agn PAIMMIMII, IMILM non anon ...ma. lib JOHN WALKEN AND (30.. "IXAMINER 'OPTION. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR DELUDE. M ELBGURN II and SYDNEY tv STEAMERS from LIVIEPOOL. HITE STAR LINK for NKW YORK every WBONRSDAY. AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW TONE. Mee. genre SATURDAY. and LI VNRPOOL • NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA. rGyr WRD SST- BAT. MENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORE, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO. CANADA. CHINA. JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW MILLARD. Gould take tickets. the LOWEY! RATER at J°ll3o WALKER AND V. 0., ..1111.11ININ. OFFICE. WARRINGTON.

BEST BREAD, HOME CURED AND ROLL BACON, 1 AND CHESHIRE CHEESE ON THE MARKET AT AMITIWE. LEGE-STREET. EARLESTO IF YOU WANT A SACK OF GOOD FLOUR ASK FOR PRICES. WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAIZE, CORN, & PROVISION DEALER, LEGS-STREET, EARLESTOWN. SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERT LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS J. now being offered ty T. ( /LAMLE, EXAMINER OFFICE. MARLESTOW B. PUBLISHED BY WARD 'DOE AND BOWDON I OE DOS. At * ItOonont or 20 per rent. or 4..),, the Pokia2.l. . -it'd INC'S rOW DER. EATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Rills Vl-as, Bugs, Mollie. Beetles. kills Plea, Bu(s. Moth, Beetles Kills need, Bugs. Maim Beetles. THS UNRIVALLED KILLER. THII UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. RIM Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles (Harmless to everything but In- mate) Bold only In tins. 04.. 6d.. and Is. Only be sure you do get WORMS IN CHILDEEN. WORMS IN CHILDREN. Are easily. surely. and with pee.nt safety got rid of by us- ing KEATING'S WORM TABLETS Oiss no effect modest on atom). Sold by ail Chemists. in Ti,.,. IS. lid. each. THE NATIONAL JOINT STOCK AGENCY, LIMITED. 47. STRAND, LONDON, W.C., Oilers more favourable Terms to Investors and Sneoulators Own ran Or obldn d e'newhe,n. Bankers Lloyd's Bank ( lww Court Bronch). Write lor Pmspeetto. which gives 101 l particol*re 01 terms 01 business, no 14. KEMBLE. SECRETARY T.

DIANOs FOR HIRE. 10s. Per Month. Toning. Free I NI, HMI CHARGED IF PIGICHASNDINB MONTHS. THE MDT AND CHNAPIPT 1101.181 IN EUROPS POE i HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS. . CRANE l/RANE AND OONS, 1217 TO US. StIOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. ' , , 17/1A304.-10.. per anon.)l Crsne .i 10)) OUT n Y. taro. or the. yea! .k**. There I. no other lynne, in Shiro. that often such roailr good pi um, on thie easy syatens as (MANE and SONS. SI. to V.A. flootiond-road. Liver...ad. f 000 SOUND SINIONDEsEn PIANOS returned lace kJ hire.— Far euperior to .41yr-eon...Led. low- wised new on. Great sale GM.. and 0W... 8r0a4..10, Conant, Rear., and other 'DANN'S, front RIO to £lOO. Send for dewript.ve ...Woe, All Owl. Peeked two end nolIi• to ay oart.—CRANN SUN SONS. 217 tow, Scotland-road, Liverpool. I 801100 ASIIRS whoa.. pay cash will Ind that the cheap- , est bona in the Mine/)a for new Orand end Cottage P.. by ilnadte.rl. C Clard, Reard. Stalaway, Beointein, end weer makers of repute la Clone and ions, 217 to 225. 141.4.nd-oavi. Liver .001, where the ear. of the Pitong by the respective make. can . tried aide by ei... All Piano, packed fro-. and formal. anywhere.—OßANN and SONS, licothand-rowi. Livert.d. Nu,. —50,000 `',.."l7l"Tll"ena CtlililLattl 9053.01.110 and Organ Warniaoura.:Band-road. Liverpool, It. ON!IGITI3T.OTTINTIUmpreovUerIRtrtee°OII:I TTUISPErftioriM. V Root°. ; registered ; ...suiting hours 10 till 3. Trine end Surgical Apelike. Works. 7A 2, Groevenoratreet Lone d ,n-roai. SI anettester . I MMEDI &TR CASH on Furniture **4 )0 kinds of articles , 1 tither for sale or store.. •n long or An.. period. or , pure..od outright or instanti r. —George Fun.) AND gone, ' Auctioneer., At.. 41. inturnivstreet, Liverp.ol Telephone ' 1897 I M MOV AB LE BCALPETTE, FIIOI. RI le. To 06 5s NEW With PRISON I HAIR COElll'4O3 MADE Pm. 6s. ad. 010, 7., ran no. T S. BROWN, 3. LENCII-SHINIIT. LIVIIRPOOL. . TIER MAJESTY'S 'DIAMOND JUBILEE. FOR AUTISTIC ERDAL% BADGES. AND FAVOURS Tote wom 0 the Jubilee fetes, garden parties. ..al treats , Weal celebrations, de.. ka ... the display in window, and fader early from V. S. PENNINGTON AND CO. , NUMISMATIST... MNDALLISTS, JEWELLERS, • and Des en in Antiques. • 63, REN9HAW STREET, LIVERPOOL istablishrd 1819.

efffrid Booms. BOROUGH OP '-?.4 V.1,,* WARRINGTON. TIE QUEEN'S COM al EMORATION FUND. At. Meeting et the °manc !. held on the 200 of March lest It wn• rewired that the f•dloiring reeoromemintions ho adopted to oommemorate the o.ropollno of the EOth Year of th...elan of her Most Or ohms M.,jesty the Queen -In widit Onto. PIIRLIC fitfMololoO.tllto and a DISPLAY OF PIRBWI/RHS on the =td June next 1. To hold an Art and induotrial 11‘hihition In Parr Hall. 2. T. given anent to School Children and to the Land Poor. 3. To east a Comm moration Medal 4. To plan, Treen la all suitable s•reets end places. 6. To hold an Bahibilion at the School of Art. 6. To ohtaln • Grant of Arms from the Herald.• College. 7. To povide the Mermen with Gold Chain of Moe. 8. To ..blain a Portrait In Otis of his Worship the Mayor. In order to 'are out then ore objects it hna been deeded to open a COMMIIMORATION POND. and the Cote Motes mills- aind to twelve DONATIONS to aid of the whole or any of them. J. LYON WHITTLIN Town Clerk. Town Hall, V/Arrington, 7th Mny. 1197. LIST OP SUBSCRIPTIONS. A. Amount ef *absorb/ions previonaly...... wirertiewl •Henry Thornton. Bap Imam, sword, and p,lr of rests) 245g J. Charlton Parr, elm elhOwit tholes Bee TO ' elan Bmwont , elf r Councillor Ihnetheret "re, canon wells lir. Councillor Rated 1 Thomas May. Ws .APPrordiated to special obleets. COUNTY OF CHESTER. DISEASES OF AN'MALS ACT, 1894. SHEEP SCAR. NOTICE io Hereby Given, that the Executive Committee of the Local Authority of the County of Chester, ate meetin held at the Crewe Arms Hotel, Crewe, or Friday, the 30:11 day of April, 1897 ORDERED.—That from and •ftee the 12.1) dsy of j May, 4897 the Regulations made on the 2304 day et October, 1890, as to the Movement of Sheep in. the Di 000 let of the said Authority shall be revoked. AND IT WAS FUSTHER ORDERER that from and after such date the Movement of Sheep into the District of the imid Local Authority shall be absolutely prohi- bited, oaraptins upoe the following conditions, via : I.—MOVEMENT OF VEEP INTO CHESHIRE EX— CEPTING THOSE HEREINAFTER PARTICULARLY ! MENTIONED. (a) A Declaration made by the owner or avant of the owner of such Sheep that no Sheep Scab es-1 hits on the farm or promiaes from which it is prop mewl to remove the Sheep. (2) That meth Declaration is certified hem hew- tor plebe Lorol Authority from which the Sheen are to hr restored. 2.—MOVEMENT OF SHEEP FROM SCOTLAND DIRECT INTO CHESEIIRE. In eddition t • the foregoing onnditi.s, the movement of Sheep direct from Scotland into the County of Chtater shall be upon the following additional condi- lifts, via : (a) A License must be obtained from an Inspector of the Local Authority of this County before such proposed removal can take place. (10 Thot ouch Sheep must be Dipped In one of thp following Dips, vie.—'• Riggs," " "Cooper's." or some other well.known din, in the prow... and to the satisfaction of an Inspector of the letical Authority of the County of Chester, : or • Police Onnstakle. within • period of five Mies after their arrival lathe place to which they are I Net moved, within the said County, from the Railway Station or Landing Wharf, and nide Sheep roan neon their arrival at such plare he kept imolated from any other Sheep therele or thereme.aod shell not he removed from such place until they shall have been Dipped in accordance wilt this pa rrrrr ph. (c) The License for the Movement of Sheep under the foregoing paragraph most accompany the same, and be deliverod to the Police Constable nearest to the place to which • tech Sheep are moved within 12 hours •fter their arrival thereat, and 24 home' notice ithal be given to aut. Con- eteble of the time when such Sheep are to be Droned. 3.—MOVEMENT OF SHEEP FROM SCOTLAND INTO OTHER DISTRICTS, AND SUBSEQUENTLY MOVED INTO CHESHIRE. Sheep which have been moved from Scotland into the district of any county or place, the Local Authority of which hat not made regulation* similar to the foregoing shall not be moved into this District except upon the following conditions vie. (e) Up. • Declaration made by the owner nf such Sheep, or his name, that the said Sheep have been no the premisen from which they are lobe moved 28 darn • and (I) rpm a certinedatt Ito Veterinary Surgeon that pooh Sheep ore free from Sheep Scab. All Declarations and Veterimary Surgeon. Certificatee required by these Regulation)o mutt accompany the movement of the Sheep to which they relate, and be given up to the Police Constable near.* to the place to which such Sheep are moved within five days of their arrival thereat. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. • Chatter, eth May, 1897. DISTRICT.—The Dietriet of the L^C3l Authority of the County of Chester dnee not include the City of Ches- ter, or ens el the Iteroughs, either wholly or partly, , within this County. PENALTIES.—Any °Bence ainainet the above Regula- tions is deemed an offence againnt the Act of 1894,which rend...s the offender liable to a penalty of not exceeding TWENTY POUNDS. I NOTE —Tile Local Authority of the County of Chester have decided too amp' from the operation of the above Regulations thone Counties or Districts the Authorities of which have m•de Regulation. similar thereto.

1,000 CYCLES. CONTRACTS have teen 0r...0val with the mime maker. to deliver cam 1,000 CYCLES daring the neat few months, which will enable WILLIAM LBA to sell fireatilass machines at reason-hi. peter.. English Cycles from Ell American Cycles from RIO 1)s. wards. Easy payments or hire purehase intent at 20s. per month. All fitted Complete. Trite lists free. Special Consignment or Americas, Cycle. will be offered at RR each DO Awn 52. CHURUH-STRIIIIT. LIVERPOOL. ENTABLION ID MS. a G. H. DRSAPIER 96, BoLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS =AHD en STEINWEG COLLARD A COLLARD, BRINSMEAD HOPKINSON. hORD, Awn ALLISON. TIM CELEBRATED DREAPKR PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HUMUS FROM ALL RISKS OP UNFAIR TIIRATMENT. PROW?.. PER 210E1 H. CASH PRICER PROM 15 GUINEAS. 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5467. Telegrams w Apollo."

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The beet sod cheapest ever offered to the Publio. Bold by ell Grocers and Druggists, In Owl.. Id.. 105., .n• Is. Sd. mob. Wholeeale by LONDONS AND SON. WARRINGTON DRAMA... 1/51. BIRKBECK BANK Southampton Buildin,s. Chancery Lane. London, TWO-AND-A-HA I.F per CENT. INTRIINST allowed on DIIPOsITS, repayable on demand. TWO per oIINT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, *ben not drawn below coo. STOCKS SHARES, and ANNUITISS purchamd and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thnft the Bank received smell sum &melt. and allows Interest monthly on each cons plated C. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO POROBABB A HOUSE FOS TWO DPIRAS FR MONTS. BIRKI3ECK FR v:hHOLD LAND SOCIETY ROW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND NOB SZILTRO• KOSTZ. The BIRKBBCIC ALMANACH, with full particulars poet FRANCIS RAVENSOROFT. Manager. DRINK CARBONARI.. THE F 0 REST OF WATERS. INVALUABLE TO INVALIDS. greatly Improves the devour at Whim, Spirits eta. Ask for it tel your Chernlsta or Hotel. Wholesale only' from Se GROUNDS, WESTON POINT. RUNCORN.

BOROUGH OF kysi WARRINGTON - WARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCHNTRATRD lIANURN. Nineteenth Bram, General agent Mr. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON near Warrington. CORPORATION OF THE CITT OP MAN- ClilleTllll IMPORTANT TO PARMINS ADD GARDNIIIIIIII. CO),CENTRATED MANIIRR. Mad. limn Slaughter-h to. and Markel Ileduse. BLOOD, BONES, FISII, Ike , It sontatns 4k tos per o,nt of Ammonia, tote 12 per oast Bane Phorate and Potash Salta atoll, the beat and cheapest manure in the Market. DILIVBRID In NAGS, earrings paid, in 2 and 4 ton tots within Inanities at £3 per ton. Special prises or quantitim and for delivery ever 100 miles. Thia manure Is suitable be all Farm Crop. and for the growth of Print and Flowers. Samples, Testimonial. and foU particular!, may be obtained fro. R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR and BIT4TR4 SUPBRUPTINONNT. OIAIANSING DRPARTMIDIT. TOWN HALL. MA NCH R STIR.

3,00 0 THREE THOUSAND EE TIVIN. 3,000 VARIETIES OP VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS, Supplied in PACKETS at ONE PENNY Hach, GM Bora PACKET SYSTEM been before the public for more than TWENTY YEARS, and we still hare ne competßore in our part, ' elder line of business BECAUSE We gin PULL VALUE 1,11 MONEY and do not exp., our Customers to pay for extravagant working espefiem. Our PENNY PACKETS an ECONOMICAL. NOT CHEAP. There le no oth r Firm in the Trade who offer Packets of the morn expeneive seeds in quantities to suit the requirement.. of Amateur.. Cottager,. and Allotment Holden BECAUSE By melting Tame Packets • profit is reeds by the Vendor en the mute of the Purohmer. BUT AND TRY Has been our motto. sect it has net felled us. We therefore reoommend the Gardening Public to 005 our Seed. and Plante a trial, sea., wenn SUCCESS, CATALOGUES ON APPLICATION. B IDDLES AND C TFIE PENNY SEED PACKET CO., LOUGHBOROUGH,' LEICESTERSHIRE. GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CHOPPING AND MINCING MACHINES AND FILLERS (Silent. with Who Enamelled Duels and other Pattern.). STEAM JACKET PAN, and LARD PRESSES. Also Goodies Patent PIE end TART MAKING MACHINES, Suitable for EUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS. CONFECTIONERS HOTELS. BOAROING-EOII.ES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, de. These Celebreterl 4, Inn are used very extendvely throughout Enaland. Scotland Ireland and the Colonin. Illustrated • rlee Lists on 'posies GREEN AND SON ,LDItTED), Smithfield Ironwotlee. Leeds, end Surrey Work.. Elaelafriare-ro‘d, London. NH., Or :from any Snipping or Export House, Merchent. onmonger in the Urited Kingdom. MILLINERY. HARMAN DREW. 129, LONG 'N-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, is slow showing ate ENORMOUS STOCK OF NEW GOODS, BEST SI Y LES and MOST SIODERACE PRICES In the C .

Itotelss, ftpbroo, koarbing estabo. y LAIIDED/10, A-DING ESTABLISH. IA NEST. Crag. Moe. £bbey'eOMf Splendidly situated, midway between Promenade and Con ay Ray, no moder- flate terms. HALTH AND PLRASURB. Hare II oath. Dee. The Qu.en of Chealdre Health Resorts. Mountain and sea Or. bracing. Write tor prospectus. Tenn k. bowls. cycling. Week-end s.los. Rd.—GLENDOWER BOARDINd Hone.. WORTH WALIIB CRES-C-lINT HOT,L Pleasantly 11 situated neer toe Sr.. Elegant Fetid. 1001,11• end Privet. Snit. of Apartments. Excellent CiNtpie. Tht Moderate. tiparkMg .11 Ales, Choice Wines. hits and Clgare.—Propeletor. Gee eon HASTII.I. LOHMAN. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOT.IIL, 24T0 10 LUDGATI HILL. ALSO AT •• 70 A 71. BURTON SQUARIL Home Coirrowre. Cssaatimme AND Qul e. Cnirliag 108 111/11INSIN 0•1 6.IOUTI4PII2T.—iUMNYSIDE HYDRO Phys., Dr. EAR- -, 71140100, Summer and Winter Redden., One of Use handsomest bolt dogs, centrally situated, replete with every comfort. fine am vlew, near park, pier. trams.• .4 401! links Tinkle!, Vapour. and otbir Baths Ilidtge, CkIV•12111 hammer Terms front 75. tar dd.. 5100 00. Proprietor BEARS' PAW & RAILWAY H OTEL,FRODIDIAM. lerancrlEED 1612. WILLIAM YOUO, PROPRIETOR. GOOD ACCOMMODATION for Travellers. Cyclists. Picnic and Wedding parties Rao lient Bowling Green and Stabling. Teas and Refreshments of every description. Beet quality e, wine and spirits kept In the hotel. HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTI &TR When requiring NSW Ch It' TS. FURNITURE. RE- UPHOLSTERING or REMAKI G ..f OLD 58001710 40. Dade.. and Patterns ant on Application. Mote AddreAs.—GRARLBS ,OUTHORN & CO., LTD., EC and 26. GRIAT JRARLOTTISSTRBET. and 5, DEANN-STREIFT, LITHRPOOL. ' Telephone, No. 6347. SOUTHPORT. TIATE.S'S RESTAURANT, Elk CHAPEL-STREET, (Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Hallway Station.) THE OLDEST li)TABLISHEID hIISTUARANT In the Town. HATTIE'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

tilontv. It OLDEST ...11:gerlit. OFFICE IN STRICTLV PRIVATE AHVANCES from £lO o £5OO upon PitO3ll5BORY NOTE ONLY at much lesser inMrest than usually charged. Repeyinent erranged to suit bor. towers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale Mken.—Apply or writ. lon terms to ONOR(311 PAYNE. draountaut, 20, Kennedy- ..., Manchester. W I DNES AND WAKRINGTON. AIR. lona 11.00•DWIN enatinuee to make ADVANCES 01 PRIVATELY to Truism:len, Farmers. Workhsgonen, aarl all respectable ilcoseholders. on their own eecurity. LONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. HONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without laity without nubile enquiry. on your simple wr.tten pro,rohe to pay s.ok—Apply •1 VIC- TORIA CHAJIBERS jfect of the OentrSi *talon). WIDNES. n p WARRINGTON at my Reaidence. 134, Orford-long env Evening. Appilaatlane from RUNCORN an.. Distena severally receive ,rectleoly the same attention M"NpultTllgn.c.fr :0%1.7; fonf,mb.VCil ntioo% VOrtl,rdrivee xm-Aomen, tradesmen, con.ks. farmers or 'any. responalbl person In town or country 0W...0e no obj ea) upon moo easier Lena, and lower intone.t then eleewh ere. N0t.... preliminary charges Weyer ; etrictly private, prompt and etralghtforward dealing. guw anteed. Bills dmeounted, Ree. portable Demurer. eleewbere P•Yieg Om 9490 " 99,99"9 loan omen money lenders' or an called Hanka heavy Intereet and fees. are cordially invited to onme to ma. and I will as- eofumedate them upon much easier term. and lower intereet than elmwhere. Before applying elawehere call or write. Wantran Seneca, 1, Hellisgteuhuildinp South, 2, Lither. land Alley. South Cestle-street, Liverpool. Established IE3I. F lELLIN O'S LIMITED. BILL DISCOUNTERS AND 1,1•ANOIBILS. LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL lIIISPEOTABLI 1101:1811HoLDID2S. and otters, with or without mired* and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted n Life Assaranas PAM, Revereions. !mho! end Leeseho,d Property. £3 nspayahle 1/8 per wk, £l6 repayable T/13 per wk. , £lO ~ 51. £25 ~ 12/6 ~ Letter. with • Map will mei., prompt attention. Ofike home 9 to 8, Satur..ty, Slot. APPLY TO JOSUE W ADS WORTH. Marla Age., 121, 111111281Y4TRITIT. WARRINGTON.

DIAMOND JUBILEE, To connisemorate Her Majesty's mad glorious Reign. ONE MINORS!) POUND 2 Will be promoted to perobasers of the mmt Artistic Novelty of the day, being • bandeorne large-slee Portrait el HER RAH/STY THE QUERN (Col r4ht by West 4, Watt) I. besulliti frame, finished in the most eiguleite style, At for any noblemma drawing-room. General comment and universal opinion Most artistic In &sign a true photo most tastefully finished. Prim. pot, paid oar return, mrefully peeked, 2/3. Rend stance as our number le limited, end we earnal prepare more at the prim. £lOO CASH. £lOO. PR:ZES £lOO First pr.ire £2O: 2at. 210 : 3rd, Et ; fin. £6; sth• Li; 6th. £1: a`m ton crises of 25 mob will hn given to the owners of the Pin, TRN LsTrERS OPEWSD (provided their money is one,. KIM their Igo oti on aor reel). The pr see will he awartei In order of .rteetness. Mosey returned If not satisfied within.) day.. R X X X X X 1) X 51 X X G X X X X x Y a XX X X A A X X X X X A X X X DIRECTIONS.—PiII (eta;. stars with lettets to form the name al • ("mint, which. when all are competed. will represent 01)E Minet tirROPVIAN POWERS. Copy out on • sheet of Toper as min • se yeu ean find rot and post to v. with Pet or snoop. fort/fend set mined addressed en. moot. tor your prim, mu,, etc., to WIMIT & WEST, THA ROYAL PHOTO. CO., 19, FEATHERSTONE BUILDINGS, LONDON. W.C. NOTE. Thin molest closes ma tinterday. Rune 10th. bat there'. only a limited number. Ton ehwild, therefore. mien eniy. You ere I+6 elite set anriantf von are correct In the cia names Shook, nrre than ono mom correct the money will be ffivlde I. Try for one or more of theta. £5 Prism, el- thmtoh you may 60th, int. your letter may be FORM OREN.. The namea and ...Posses of the ten £5 prim winners, to- gether with fnl particulare of the Prises, remit, ate, will 'n &matched nn Moaday, Jose 21st 1891. Hundreds of Testimonials. ABUGATTELY RELIABLE 6 BONA BIDE. T/UNVILLWE OLD 111 311 WEIEKT Nod Raised SEVENTRRN MEDALS et various great Inter- national Exhibitions. lit. enLi by erpry respectable dealer in the world. Qmsto. floss on application gate lie. Ofiloes. Belfast x BYROM 11 YOUR OWN !LANDLORD. NO LAW COSTS NO GASH DEPOSITS. Rent will perehme. THE CO-OPERATIVE LA111) AM/ HOUSE PCIICHASE SOCIETY. LTD., ot 140 Lone,. 00. Invest rent Shares El. Interest 5 nee own. Welshers Shares 212 101 , parable is. 3d monthly. SharelvAd.re been no lien iite lwvend ammint Mid on sharee• ProeleMoa poet I rm.—, WILKINS, Menem, APwl If TO WADBWORTH, DISTRICT AOSNT, 121. Mersey Street, Wanington. Office he...re sto A Saturdays to 1.

THHLINES SCHOOL, St &ones-on-the-Sea. Sound tralnlng for Boys.—Wlikmais Clem. P L.S.. Prineipel. I Weitby-afreet..—Lheited re Penns 1J received ; careful training; high.st references.— Principals, Mime. Mum ,OUTIISEA.—HIGH-CLASS DAY SCHOOL foe Glrls (39 pupilio C. ry few hoarders ',rived in borne Miele. wile ).,.eery coentort and thorough slut... Don, moderate terms. Pareciaak. IS. Canspbell-road. CICARBOROUGH Valley Bridge Moues Smith OEM O HIGH-CLASS SCHOOL FOR IrIELI Thorough modern edocetion. Home care. MAI sh and Foreign Gee. 1120.0* Tembers. Next term May 10th. Principals—Una. and Mum WiNsits. TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE.—Head Hader. Mr. _I J. P. HUGHES. Rhorou,i, Training for Pr, terbium/ and Maintain° PursiiiM. Boys very I .coesiful in all Ba.m.. Special attention to backward and delicate boys. Swimming bath, tennis courts. gymnasium. cricket and football gelds. Next Term begins May Oth 1897. ENSTED, (JRASSENDALE PARK. near Liverpool, VT HIGHER /MCC& lION for GIRLS on most Modern Principles. Pritioipal and Head Mistreat, MISS BURLEY, L L A., white,. by an aMoient. earl' of Anal sh and Foreign Teachers. Healthy ; large and airy room.; mmol- ous playground. Wong •• roe few inore'Boarders. Sum- mer term begins Thursday, May 6th. MANCHESTER TRAINING SCHOOL OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY &ND COOKERY, SOUTH PARADE, ST. M/shYl3 STREET. 1.11 a NOCIA rii. STUDENTS TRAINED for Cookery and Launder ; also in Needlework. Dressmaking. and Millinery. All the a maw are open to the public Classes chili. Train- ing for Hou melte', Diploma and L ,dy rioosekemmr. to lag end Piping Clamed are Ming formed H. HENRY PROP:Ps:7M Piiaal'3l.. and ".. 6n. •Organiet and Cholrmast r of at John, Pariah Church, Barlest.wn. Reprieentative and Examliier for the' Kensington Local Examinations,- itao Representative (liar estown Centre) 01 000 • Victoria College of Made," London. SOLICITS. PUPILS FOR ALL BRANCHES OP MUSIC. All Pupils prepared by him for the VaHoua Examinations have paned mime TEAMS ON APPLICATION. lE. CROSS-LANE RAIRLESTOWS.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL komp. (TRAVELLING. RIDING, CYCLING, HUNTING, SHOOTING, Er.) 1111Pri.7111UF LIABILIT WOl3lOlllllll ACCIDENTS. lIMMITDAIMPITT T. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 11111.1.10100 1849. CAPITAL AI 000,00 G. CLAIMS PAID £3,750.000. 84, CORNHILL. LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS. Warrington 0,0.1. HOLM NS. Market Gate „ Si,. W. 11. SIGNET... ...... Neesoliffe. Victoria Read Latchford St. Helene Mr. 3.6. LEACH, Wribbaw.etriset Koutaford Mr ALFRED I CUTTER hanotech Mr. R.PINLO W, Rookery Eridge ATCHES GIVEN AWAY. Can you solve G. Pot.!,? I•B•L•• WT" C• AI P••Y It t. we gumantee to sent you post fee ore of our CELNERA.T. 13 JUBILEE sILVER WATCHRi. Warranted good tlrac.keepers This off, Is or, eonditMn that you par. chase .8 0. oee ..f our SIERT,. SILVha ALBERT CHAINS (Lady's or (ientleman's) Hall-marked on ever, link. Money returned in fli to any Parchaser tattefild with this Bargain JUSILES WAIeS LUMP NY, 85, CHESTNUT WALK, WALTHAMSTOW. 1837 QUlllt .8 GREAT DIAMOND P 1..... 1897 All who are going to dames,. Mould boy the DIAMOND Fell ri /ON I PG. meat unique and effeogre decoration ever offered. ROYAL STANDARDS AND UNION JACKS. Speoial Stock. Secure tbeee In good time Cis FELTHAM, N TOOLIII-STREINT. 1,0 'DON BRIDGE. Zalagtstu Unbegged, London" WHO'S GEIFFITHSI WI MAN. IS. Ommonwtome, SUMMER SHOW. 'SAT. HODGIUNSON LIMITED, WILL MAIN THEIS SECOND SPECIAL SHOW OF THE MOST RECEET PRODUCTIONS IN MANTLES, MILLINERY, SILKS, DRESS FABRICS, An., ON TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, AND THURSDAY NEXT, MAY lITH, 12nt Anal 13ma, MILLINERY DMPARTENNT UNDER NEW MANAGIMINT. 46 AND 48 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNS is Admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful sad valuable remedy ever die mowed. fIEILORODYNE it the bent remedy known for ✓ Cough.. Consumption. Bronchitis and Aethma. •HLORODYNE efftetuelly checks and arrests , Mona too often fatal dlseasee—Dlplitheria, Fever, ' Croup. AV.. etIILORODYNE nets like a charm in Diarrhea • sad Is the only specific In cholera and Dysentery. CIILORODYNE effectually cuts abort all attach of Npilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation. end Spasms. OLILORODYNE is the only palliative in Naomi. • gi.. Rheumatism, Gout, Canoe, Toahaehe, Meningitis, From Dr. B. 3. Botamots and Co.. Hammitt.. We have made pretty eitenewe ma of Clalorodyne In onr practice lately and look upon It as an eme,en, Hreet 008e- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It a.m. to Clay pain and DAM. trot In whatever iron. and from whatever NUM. It Induces a holing .1 wanfort and atPatude not oltainable by.ny ether renudy, and It seems to possess [h. great ad...doge over II other iedativea ; that it leavm uo unpleasant after affects. Rarl Russell communicated to the College of Physielme thd he reeelved n despatch from her Moody • (lomat at Itan.lls to tbe effect tivit Cholera hod been raging fearfully, ant that the ONLY remedy uf any oervioe was CHLORO- DTI th.''—See Lariat. let Oneember, 18,1. nOF AND Cannes. VIM Chanoillor Str W. Peon Wool, stated that Dr. S COLL. Bane,ito woe, undoubtedly, the inventor of Ott LORODYN " and that the story of the defendent Faanstaa. w • deliberately untrue. which It. regretted to ay had been sworn to.—So. T... 13th Illy 1864 Sold M bottle. at Is 01.1, 2s. 91.. and 4s. 6.1. None le genuine wlthont the words ° OIL I. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLtIRODYNN on the Government -Rim', Overtritelni- log Medical testimony iseconsomies each 1,11 10. 01., Mssorscruions:—l. T. DAVNNFORT. 33. Great Runtell.st., Bloomsbury, London..

FOR FIRST-CLASS PR IV AT I DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments uposeeeeary, bat may b TEETH An dmeultatlans prim Raab patient frzrlrtrogb:tozreald the Goa TECTII. Gold sad otheorXg rIIz et e mode:ate TEETH. sawn.. also Lady Attendant.. TEETH. Pelole.e Extract: as ittberto. by the old TEETH. aster to DeLleyll of 1.000 taboo. Mum ol tbe Into Jo H. PARKINSON (124,41.4.50 RA.A.) MANCHRSTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (lot. Trz. No. MOM. LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST, HELENS, GEORGE-STREET FARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Men. Mlle. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANicevev RUNCORN, On THURSDAYS, Baillol-11.. NORTH WICH, On FRIDAYS,IB, APPLIMILIANA-Me

NOTICE OF REMOVAL MRS. NICFIOLSON legs to inform her Manes and patron. that she Rhea 11110VICJ her GLASS, CHINA, and H.Allrlfillf- WABB--n3.8-114E?:-

to CORPORATION-81'8E1,T. WARISIWITON. In temsering her sincere thinks for put favour...he hopes to merit continuance of th satne in future a the New Premises. TIIR WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIN AND PENEHYN SLATS lIRECHANTS. COAL. CEMENT, PLASTER STONE MERCHANTS.

THE BUETWarIIMK ViIIIMS CO., LD. AGENTS FN ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, Hun Orrxca: Arploy Sietion. Warrington. Telephone Anger, Warrington. J ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOP/NG COUGH TA celebreled effectual HOOFING awe)" cure scillout mama inecTienant. 1 HOOPING COUGH --- 01 all Chemige price 1100 PING COUGH 40. po r bottle. Sole Wholesale Atteattl BIIONCIIMS W EDWARDS & RON, 157,1 Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

BADS'S PILLS. Eiss'S DILLS. .f,ilL,...vt;Lmettfl.,:outfarop. Gott.ito; EAOIII pus. I.7:1174:07; c;it.11.n5.1,P.11,..113.; puma pm.s. ....,..., v,., t....... .1, .07,. and conditions ot men testifying to RIDS'S 1,... litovew.-I.:::dgegLiL.l p.,,..700, :T.:. p.. 1.: 1 ODl'B pus. worst."... Tine Pills an gayety Li vegetable and perfectly sate to lb& action. INSTANT RILINF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, IDISUMATISM, SHAUN/ale GOUT, PAINS IN THR HISAO, FACE, AND LIMBS, And hove the largest reeomm,Aitiatien ever aim, any Patent llodicioe oi its elan. GOUT -16.Burtnnnreeoeu1 Dewaburp raid. Leads. Kay 204. 1894. GII•Ull•TIAM ..Dear Sh,—lt it with onFounded pleasure I send you an... dues In I ~ OUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It It I. six yelps since I first bad Gil 117II•T I 3 II tho=stEs lima heel .t,AntilLl tic:id three 0.011. 11°' I bad the doctor, and be sweated me down almost to a skeleton. 11 UM:MALT ISM 1,,,r.0,ie... :.A.P.ri...g ,01,.FF:d.rityEt: GOUT 4. friend to try pour Pills. I did na and am quite sure they prevented lIIINUM•TISM my being Laid up Again. Rem sine., when I have had the least GOUT pain I b.. .taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have teen all right again ItIiBUMAI Sig .0117. T WETiLE NOT EN WITHOUT GOUT THIIM IF TRAY COST 0145 POUND A BOWLS. II H 1 U M•T IS M You are quite et liberty to make add use yo,, like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who mem to wale . RH EU 11•1 ISM sue (enclosing stamped dd....b. Wishing you every somas. Tours truly, . 0.801150,0 MOUNTAD.N. BADS'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS An sold by all Chemists, lea Bottler, Is. 14.1 end 2.. 9.. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, 02102011 BADE, 72, GOBWELL-NOAT. S.C. Ask foe and be Imre you obtain HAHNE UOUT aND IikINU MATIC PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

LADIES ONLY. MAIIIIIED OR BINGLR. • 551 LADY MONTROBWEI MIRACULOUS FEMALE I%IEDICINAL TABULES Will prodtively cure the most 013,TINATII Obstructions, Irregularities, toe., from any Ohne, in dont hours Being SPRCIALIX prepared, they Cr, guaranteed stronger in notion than the etrongest LIQUID mixture on earth. ',adore Is absolutely impossible Poet free, lender sever, with full direetlous and advice. Ss 6,1.. with • written guarantee to cure. One ease amply sufficient. A special and valuable OUTWARD Remedy Ind rro. Um B. G , of Peenhano writes o - " Before wasting money in del,. ID,. elixirs, ocum. mixture. In du d media nes. send at ,-)d fur. cam of the Lady Montroeek Female Montirinal Tahoies ; they painlessly,. although I am very (lethal., restored regu- larity IR my own almoet hopeless nese in 8 hours, after momhs Mk no other arsoolled remediee in vain. and I wish to recommend them miraculous, painless, aud In- exprosive Tatoules out of gratitude." Alti overwhelmed with delight form',' tlott your miracu- lous (for miraculous they are) Talnales y redwood vet deed, before taking our quarter of a box.-Mrs. N., Warrington. " Many. many thanks for velnaNe Too:doles. I came all ried this maralsa."- Mary C.. Bohner. "Arms, taking the last dose late Saturday night. In. quite well early biitsday merning.' -/Ira. C rtornool. •• I hes. frum my eider, Mrs. Weentel, eas that they had pronel sitcce,ll.l bilie is exceedlog,y graWful."-Mn. N., Northern mPitdo L mdm• " After taking the sceoucl close of 'I abu,e• I was all 1.401. . . . l.blaaroororrY pebleadtY. -Mrs. 0.2. 'o Alter lakingthe Tabu.. all w..s os I desiral.'- Mrs. L. Rho Grove B head " Remised Tartrates eddy. and followed you- directions. Extremely. pleased at r. odt. itny sopleassraisest whatever. ,-61. to. B . Malvern Tug 15300 TBSTMONIALA °stool thevissfols of Others) ate SWoRN 0,111 011,110 ~000 e 111.0 Ile/rallre Coll- POB OAT., I'o BE ShlrE •NOII::,ELNE. Omit delay. Send To-DAY tor Full Partieulors and Con- clusive rroul s Be cured asthma temble and expense with one case of these et artluut TaLules. Ado. n_ H. W. NIONTROSE, 64, I MPBRIAL BUILDINGS, LLOG aTR CIRCUS, LONDON. (High.) Professional advice, by loot, ',n/y, aiway. free.) lbon't use. miiney on neelers Runt menorinee. I never base a sin,lis diasoproltolo."l4l..noe we have Medical Crulli- cake (iLIARATITENING there Tehules.

4 _ the eramintr" iltrts Or L.o.mts Ana Ca.m.a. Coon. N... ••• 1,,0n prim. UN Wartime. so. Mod CArskire Erawii,er b. .1 rated every lvtor.le, avv‘• oa• THoy&doom owl New. Esamison, published every Vrl.ley Fsartsiwer. pub,liehed every Friday TR .I%,ltarnio.r:dEsviainer, published every Saturday rrillt Widows Erionios,r, published every Saturday J morning. OTTNATIONII W•NTED. AP•RTN CATO TO BA LAT. Y.IITVEILYEII. WANTS, APADTDDITS W.Riao Money Wince. ONNOITIC ATITICL roa SALK at PaavAra Corr.. MuicaLtaxitous Ho.. AND 000011 Paemaso to Pt Lev or Soto. Oue 'flu. Si. Words. Week. Week.. W... IT 0. 90 . 1. 3• 38 aa 64 the... chars for Fa ar • only. So Advertiser carol Imened on emelt under 04. 100 Ineertloo.

*aumratit OserDalite. Jtt. G°°.°.,sLara. It! itVgtilin!l.l3.,fl;V:7;K:i.!" the In WALNUE o";;;Alfu've"A;P: ir:;l3nTrah.L7l4,:-1110-1t17.15111:1-d-. WANATopalpy.'4l:ti'errlAA(27"wArAlltAtvre.A7sAtolnurrr'o'll, Liverpool. WAN.,Tl=Lrfn.. Ag..,ll4.NNlztlLi.eLo thozi.,l.6.o.l:eferenola 4 elsaeheeter. IVAter"•:1; "grer'ally'e u''sn:ll.l..-!raly".7rfirt-rrovitnt. W• A'f.a.:11;..-eNrEANI;AAA4, VPl'lssoo2."wllhlnitll, W 6,324,11 Drive. 0.5.151. Wr AN 11411 Ante...Andel, pond General ..1111VAIIT ; age shoot 10 Apply Am 1.058. Meeduvr.vl fl Lyelete..neer Liverpoo, W•NTA.° elAatt .04 respeetahlelllAL to and° In general bouvewore. rva.e• LIZ-Mrs. /Lad, 19. Derby road. Tilthingtoo. Nen. beets, IV rlisi,• Won, DIAL 14 ,15 'wool Aar. ler Isle. TT to Ilve in. ply Ere. osawoneS. WhlAhen Tara, WbrinortlA. near Docket:Ale. - .- WANTIID ONNIIeAL. revooohle preens. who caw email; hoow Annot kept Liz 10 I, ...-Appl) W. ffiasour Dern. Proven re Perk. L.verpna. VIA/ all rote re•oveuelo 14‘,1,11 lAA? IS to 18 Inv NY II sal w 0.111. ere-es le. pAr week. retrreneen-16 lIMITOIII-.1111/Ct. iluiree.alanolowtro. W/OVID Arend Wllllnr A/ PANT. 18 tot%ere. w El 6 sloe Nor. 01111. 14 to 16. Nererentee resolont.- Nee. 011.1.1.1 M, Lone Preet n. Vie 1.. As. Via MIMI. W. one wont ry til as under NOIDINIIAID: IT mart nave Peen 101 1011, e and 55.0 pod reference.- Apply £1111015014. LlutvOit Lodge. ..rote., 117 ANIS% 0 Nil NRAL,age vhout 20: able to wash wages TT 413 Iv £l4 ; .11817 )18)11 ; yonnwer girl kept le as- 1 OWL -Apply Da Dasnuen. Cron...Awn. Ilearbeeter. WANTS°. lowneelisiele. r.l plain 00011 ; who ass west, Meed 011,1611 • lil WAITRON A Newt rher- "Mors lattlepesidnio -Are. Ilesvas. *Tenho= Coll.', - - - lA/ APITIM. good .ong ottliVAIT, atEe to 'yeah sae OP Iron good Nur aver r optima; Awarekeeper kept.- Apply. ..Ling wade* required. Lune DOOM& Chadleton, Vhseldre. 111 A . ANTDD. ODD hit AL ScliV INT ler Isrva, geed toner TV ; aer zo 25 ...ow ee. per week.-Apply linear NeaI:ALM: mr, Brook Pohl V•I111. Harwood. near Bolene!. 1A1.0.11 rll 63ACHIIAN at liberty went* AITUATION eteedy man N./ demi donee, elev. en oelr A good rider A 10 year.. (nod referanee. wile so laundrew.-W. Ali.. 17. Vackerelreet. • idanorweter. UT ANT NO I, Ilse Mlb. 0,1111411111 ANAL , one to sAsell. N, ado LI All. Are fltjll4lhifl WAlTlttlid. Family five.-tdon• napes sue rOI•erliE111. 41 Wes Mono., lilrthew, Asineydowl, hoodoo. send GRAIINAL ONKVANT. eine VT anek CAr 5.1.511 dandy reddreaee ; were A 416 to la, -31 re. PoBLDS. 2, Higher Cherhameteart. Direaleed root Anutelwoter.

A 011IITLIIYAM ;raving urbowl rcoosmon.lB his ft 1101011141. 1.104 plow mao. &woe yoan. perP4ol experlert. • leorrlod 39 At I,lfort7 May IA -U.l P•010l. SS. Pollprood list. I 10,bnad. 1 10U•111,0 asoo.• peal ii .010 MMMMM pad beloog 77 mabor. waly vadolug out. thrte le gamily, H.OO. Iwo. -Apply 05105 Yu... with 15614 to 10011AAP H0.F•1.4. WAXY., W... 61.11.•

A N Nap... 4 HO •lallill,lPet iao, J.ie Nay. very eted Cone an. Dary W.... draftable 4er an eoakilehononi as- • F DI C. of 1.1,10 Wore.. Vv., A. B° mamma. Office. WorinFlos UTLITNO. etruATIOIn 041[1.11111k we NV laseOF aerie Vie. Peaohaeome Planta under 411.8. Wow. and Kwth e a•eanued Four pare rel.- Reser.. CIR., •ohboure. iletuyakim. ALP and F1114,11L11 NOUNS IN,TITUTION, TO, Hew. gl *Pre.. Liverpool -lOWA abed 111711.—For reliable •Orotadare• 111.1•1,A.dIOd al•4 Noetkly lure., Ilat.aro, _y_ talegr pe.—•• lune," Teley/.... -- - - riIdI•OHN•N ow.o eiTtLal 101 l le weetlemaan'e 1,„/ whore owe or more aromas era kept. 23 roars. a•peri• • wede with bigh-Cloo r• koala. lowa, eacoliaat • Foe. hi oreeeet married. wpo M.. aid Hu .. oCOLF,•• 33. AlMS.Ares{. Neck. Haw alwatar.

to bt tfl.. Goma HOUsliti Pwleale.lane. WILD NW Am., lent la per swell W.,. VAMILY NM, 1/11•Cil. No. 11. Nowunieweer. Neat 100. per meow. COMO.. Ihetnry T.M.Red. .Ss per reel, .0 be 1ea3t.11..1 fir road lens. SHOP. Stockton Hew, sulteble Cur awes meal INA.ll.ww. GOOII -PwarieLo.ao•o, 111430..,• Hoot, APPLY THOMAS COVIDIILL. MAW AP, detland-rmed.liertieggeo. HIM 11l NUT, 111 37.5 6 Nowa. Hoopes, re- detorstee 256. BANK STIOINT. Werelegten. IMMO* Iron. LS, I)KAKATII Sees; &Welled HOUSIIs 1•116 g...ne. 11 16 1 .ICipiViZ. Calm. 3s. 6.1 awl G. Bd, pe wet. STIVINSON•ST.. re.demonited Mousse, 4e. Apply .111FIET L 5. &isle &gest. No. I. Dwiletreet. Wor- ried., TelwAswe--No Ed. SO 1)13111*1) AID VILLA. 14111104.11.401141. 63..1Wnt 131. u... we we. DALII.I3, 113 Sf. off Liverpool read, nat. Is. 84 ',AMORY LAND. rent., Oa 64. W I off Folly.Wae. resit, 3.11. WIST-iTI;Iller. wed, de Letonlowl, trot. As 54. LOCKITT 31101111, Lstralow.. rent le. 11.1. 1101110CIIATilabT dbetion lath. Vat. 10.5). COAL-YARD. Corlibedge. rw.t. 2s. 94. GOLDONNIDISTRIDT. God Wereanswee awl Workshop., Apply A. W. 1105519. Deist, Amt. Optweite Warrinelom ero LX! -10061, No 48 Peter +Lose.-Ai1317 £5351. • Alt• Wend Sollelt.r. IMAIIIIIOTOII -pleasant HUMP ; Lobby. Parlour, 91 !Mabee, donallert. 3 tedr lows real 43.64-5.7?. 411110.1.1.417111V:r. Heeley-lase. Piss, LDT,-WAIWWIIi PSI @TAMILS ettls wows over ried ▪ Wm yard allasebie not 116.-Apply Awn., App *Mem delimiters. liwormierlietetreet. War...moos. IJIIMISIR writable is iroaximors 011030 - 1 Amply AARON WOOPO. solleffore, Herseleadietet.. Wartime., 93) L.WP;-Owel NODAL U. Calaerlseet., 3 bedreemia.. I me. 441. 6.1.- Apply Adm... rod Iffeeils, ersieltere, ll.weemserretetwol. Wertiartou 'l'o DI LIT. DOLAN COIT IlltleyetreeL Neetewle I Widows. rentaloin. Unwind- dew. Lesilaspreow., Waeh-beew. sad Coffer Met and Cold Water lath. • c... 1 Pour Ilediwores. -Pot lams and e;... apply io Ilr LirYworr. irldl.-arres. Nertea.l•4/11brrs..

linanttb. lITArrIIO. a Week-end Dairy el 3111 k. 8,10. 10 to 16 dee. TY —Apply P. lIMILICIn. 55. glimmere Patrleroft. W7aON,O. 20 8.0d13.0. ;lON L. 11411. _TNT,/ ULoP.OLS 8 . 2d, ode,. (10013 WINNINGS bane by Ihe 11•11111.103 Painter 03 Retrrom XACM11111•11.-413. Urea., 1b1,11.-0.1.1111er. Mancheater. lATLISTKII ReepecOble Young LADY.. Atemantice lath, TT Conf. ctlo ,ery lholnese ; comfortable home.--/5. 1,11710, High-street, Nentwieh. ta3T. CATHARINIVe OWLS' 505100 L, Mlgan.—Wanted. aa Assistant Mistress (5.-P.?); al ii £43 "R.-- Apply A. Marmot, Heal 382 .1,05. A WANTS!) —Jewellery, watches olposalabhing. A tows, hardware. lurililcarn. wringer.. cycles. Wholesale Book free.-13 moo' Mar, Birmingham. pos4 PIRO AND 6111.1O10Na.—Wanh4d reliable shops I. all Bush.. Celebrated I.looolnillilre 11,Itk Pln 01(14 kkumegoe.—Por rams wet, &MN aim Rkednmv• A 0111118..—Oenllemen having largo circle of Iriends can A. add lOs lo El yer week to their mem, with very Milo trouble. dehd 3 camps for Imo hailers to M.. 122 Old /Street. London. N.C. I lONFaCTIONIMY. Warded smart GIRL, not, y.d., 15. V ss an ayment.es In aro clots old establiith.d Cosinesa hate gool home. and stets omortunit, to ion.—lt. IVALIII•I..CV. Bradsh..wgale, 11.dtml. WANTIID 8110 P PlOl4lOO, in best merketlug thorough- -B,re nt Wurlng on miltable .rnorry.—Apply gi•!.4 full particulars, tnewsurr.oeilta lease ay., 111 Grocer, Box 13N. astin Advert Ong oilkae,Lontion. BC'. - VAI •NTIOI. 51108 PiteMinied In beet marketing VT hurouJhfam eV St. Ite:rns, suitable grocery ! riving y rticulan, easoroments. lava de., to hrooer Boa 1388. Elata.'m AdemUsing 0111 ms, London. N.C. ABA •RIST NTRD In every Marlette Introduce a ems ri preyooll,m whim, .5 required In every househeld Good Nehry sod o.mmoaion. bend sonnyed addressed en- velope te the 2.1•11, .• Col, 11 Cllffoehst.,Manchreter, • 1-52(31 RaYVI.Y:INNT (Genuine).—,Lither ma g 050010,7 and Inetrom' 17:n7:cr.'s:ad' P70'....11.er 1sPlr ". Id. Ilnlninrlbl.. Eli Completion of work.-0. C. MOULT. IS. Archer-.t.. Csm• den Town, London. UU•NTIII3 lor CANN Wm Medds. Naval Modal. and !V VOliantrar 144,141104,1 cleeoo.r.l offisert priwase we are auylog for wealthy what .r OFIII pp we high pros.. Send legletered p..l.—D am M. Dava, eliversmilits, Livery. etreet, Blrininahmo.

_ 1111,42.11110.41.." S TIONI. HILL *O5 Co.. eaterw. A D.J,U, roa tr, IL:7m% L. _lll,ll,lrewlzth,ll:t Vs! I)QUARANTIIRD CYCLIC/ at wholesale, pd.:welt. free -11 Dina.. CYCLE 00.111oraletth 01011111. CYCLIIA.-Buyere ehould write for I.lortrated &Images and 900116105 e. OTCI.• *Oahe, Merbet. Morey. DOTAL ARMIN 0.101110. Migherade mactia at reyonable prima Write for NW -Alton Cache. NANO- - Co • N. Oarolinewtrest. - ITCLII4. hialwat Orada LADIRW from £lO. OBITS. ft./ £9lO. 4. Mt lof averythina. WOW or coll.-Conan! Craw Co lireetrroad, Lrodon. 01.11 only Maobirsee sper witord. a 31121LNIL-BARGAIN. Haring a/ripping order modelled 1,./ mg are medic ng corm came. high alms Prieurnatim, Inatading all moseowlee. lltutor.. -aeutt Woodard Tyre,, liersed under Ituntopa patent, warranted 2 pram :approval any eller. (Mole LI 010. 0. Lune. £Bls. 0. Joan, ALLEN Oe , be, Fenointreirstreet. London, Avant, 5710. a - O,AFITIIRS I BAP/ITIYB I Importaut notice to everyone 0 nommerl. Before ownshasing your Mount for Beason lOW write or Wmtilesere New Ua &logo. mut 41001 FAIN to ally addrem la th. World. Largest stook of Mitehines 10 11,0 West of lingland. LAROM DISCOURTS DIVAN. Agents wanted everywhere. Cash poly ledies. Machines a swelaWy. Quotations air., for all the loadiag makers Machines. Lista P. VIVO 1,001 W. 11. WARRILuse, cyela Ilsouterterer. Weatrateoper.Mare. TIMBERLAKE AND COMPANY, LTD. C YCLK M ANUFACTURERS, £OB6lB APPOINT FOR 111 IT BRANOR. 100.0-118/117. LITIOtrOOL. BRANCH ORBAT 1311011OMMT0hr/7. Bole Liv.rpoS mat Dietriot AlLif.nts for" 11.101gb." 4e. D. DALGLISISH, Manatier. Telephone 5127. 01011111 ClOllB 11 CYCLR IL "11IAZICPPA" CYCLES, hiebest erode. IS9I Patterns move ready. Call and inrpeot our speelel I,,tora POlO. avic ...... sio i 0 0 Irram do do. 1.0 0 0 Clomplere wlth all acomaories awl anarsome4 'or te•lve months. 05.5 0, only percent*. Wrire for aur oat...Logue. GEORGE k CO., CO,v Ir arrow, tions.amp ROAD. Lox Itrlot optersite Onano • trona ToWphone 1915. WHIRR TO BUY 0000 CYCLIS. CARPENTER'S DEPOT 001.lno the bees M•ohinge Manufactured- WORLO-FAMRD 10111111, Premiers. Nee limade. liparktrooka Sathsralle, Robin Hoods, Galata, Reforms, Ao. LADIRW 0213111111 • IFSCIALITT. Priem to suit 111 lamps Mat Snack.. cheap. All fully persomed. 8010 D.Pd. CARPIMITIRTI. 60 11S0511•••-•7111a1S, LleaerooL. CasMolly note address. CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES 311•301 1897. JOIN PEARSON'S CYCLK•PURCHASING CLUB bad Neure • HIGH CLASS MOUNT. lete Agent 0.0 lb. Oetelwated 13RAIMUKT CYCLES. Terme oa apwilostbst to - It), BOLDWIRRIBT, WAHRIROTOIf. 600 BRIDOWSTRRNT, IiAILI4IOWIII. - - CYCLE SILABON, 1897. _ CALDW ELL'S LIMIT, D, HORSEMARKET-STIIKET, WARRINGTON, Angola 15111161.11- and other Oradea hi HUMBER MACHINES TII .JAMES,' "LI:MINUM," .POLISMILL." labearlina Purehmers remsetiolir Malted to let us hove thelr enquiries before deridiag. We have • g,-.4 sTiMK of A 0018600141, 011.1. LAI7PB. 111111.9, w. P. kW W. SHELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, WARRISOToN. Teteadiog purchuern will do well to Inapect our splendid store re Cyril, all mow for this ammw trade

TII E E:

loalts b ribate treatp. OE. G el ACKS 0 N P AAAAA OKYL. • JEWELLKEL AND SILVERSMITH 59. AND (11,CH UHOH-ST., WARRIBOTtIa. Dealer In WATCHIS. JBWILLERY. Marble and Other OLOOKII. FURNITURE, CARPITS, BIDBTUADS, and RIDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- 111RUANNTS of every Description. Cement Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW MATIS INTHREST FOR MOSSY LINT. CHATWOODB FINN AND THIIIF PROOF BAENA. SPICIAL THI4 • GOOD Bradbury SURING Payrneate Wan. MACHINV (treadle/. la Per- fect working order. A Bargain E 2 ss. Ik • Payments Napo. Drawees and tw. atends Si In.) high ;perfectly new, • Bar- 35.. fln for 11 MAGNIFICINT OVICIMANI- lbeynwatetaken. ft TH1..1 inch bevel glees through- out. mends 58 bleb. hien shelves for lirla.a-Brec Call and see It 1.:3 3. LUST Forfeited. a Lady's Gold OF GINSVA WAYCH, In good , order end boostifialr engrave, euee. Peyniente teken. cost bete owner 70s. ; Alen Hearst ' resod ALBHIT, newest dielnn. The Tiro £2 10s. Nr""„tin"1.;itr:TNOP?1111.51111; "ke.n, Sale ; errior.l Crywee. A Bargain. hem 1.:2 2.. Call and eee t. Only CH NAP and andindile 61101 PSI for ginger beer, hop el., wine. lietotnta. ..ktes, du- 6 stanspe.-Mis. A. Coax, Hs. Intl, Well.. Norlolk. - _ fl-- OW TO MARS VARNISH STAINS l.r Innsitere. IA meleaanw walnut remernel oak, ebony; maple, setlneost. tor le_ Aareeriges. 8 Wood-et.. (loin*. NYCLISTS' ANT, ()MIKIS' BTOI KINGS AND to BWHATIRS.-11orresx.e, tlusholae.roed, alsnebester. Ilstabdehedi 1867. Send tor list. CHIAN P 65110 510; instrnotlons Ire.. &leo Mabb,Ce Chip Pot., Hendee and Perlere ; list fres.-M•O Moir. Si. Lever-street, Manatee.. PAN BALK, LAACASHINI MANURN WORKS. with • Iheldnery and 24.82, yarda freshokl lend. .-Addresea to J. H... e 'so 16.1eiwic..etreet. Livemet 110 tented, ed. Pastas. eedls Pared ▪ lbeekavol. elllllllso Wet ,o,f Garden N and 64.1 I Irons ZO, yds for be (let sample. end Drip" fro. , DDT LIM 00 , Net Manufacture, Low abut. ANUFACTI,Y.KIC4. RINI/ANTS. Stuffs. Woollens. IVI Pluelow. Velvets. V.lveleens, Cottons. Silks. Petah. work. to.. Hooter, 5. - Mee. Moreton.. Bradford. 12AR 1155 W 0111. end - &woad* 12 orate ; Beets. 1:• £3 or will send lb doe, seronde Artie. 1.0 17. Si. write for Ilsts. r sae Asa Co., Staffordshire Patteriee, Leaelon. GITAIIIIIIIIM1(1.-Tborouttli Training in Molt Sunnemsful 1.-3 Mech.,* o. Cure y Mr T. 11,1 I, who was blmeetf belplees otensniney. Very reesensble tense. 118, Mob wr- ioteuear, iverpool nEAPNIB4. Limn se. Biteable. lowa aw,el year* Mud. ing curet by Apefliallel'a late DiapenNe• DAM. of the ▪ Yee.fabb g Remedy ; sent tor Mas•r. 7, Church NHL W ell hammer Ø'IIIIINNIS Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Pater. Cuebione sui the beet and Cheapest tablet ll* Cushioned end Ne-Corand.--J. 013n10e, Globe Billiard Works, Bridge street. Ilanchester. (UNDOING PRIIIINT (Wan , es. very eleit;ric FRUIT VT hIPOGIS In nese - will sell for I guinea- well Worth double; willirgir send on approved -Addrees P. 131111 WY. Park.eter et. *wine, Lenehester [ [OHS LOWS. Fire and Therd-preof $5ll MAKRIL 1.4 01 it 'ALI Milner. Clatwood. Chubb, Perry, !Winne, sod lotaers now sad weond hand ; very cheep ; 100 to aboosefroen -38. Albert-atreet. DlDN•strael. WAG, IlAnolvDtor u Ant IP' ACT(' S IIItINANTS. lit Drew Onl.. Vol. AIR vets Print., Flannelette, etn. bib Bundles sheep. Ledlte end Childretie er.dere ottilng.apnene. bloom eta List Prof.-M. H. Warrerour, IC.. , Herough Sill.. Rsdtord. 1)50110. RACING-JACK DIESON, Ike nated IL Load es Turf (1, rrespadoet Mite tbe prinoloal meg- lags , traloing quarters at leaden Clubs; Gine ey,• wires le. Ft daily, Te. the week 1 weekly het aeles- twins Is. 8.4 I 'll5lll FI9II. DIRICT FROM EMI SIL-Tba A 1,6.10 an's Nyudlaste. Grimsby. wit send fee seen wlth order 8 b fort.. Illb le. Pd., 14Ib 35., 111 lb , mooed ready for ; carriege paid by MI. EI• FINANAN•NIi lwfllolo6. Pleb Desks, Grimsby. notutlet 1014 GANDINS.-Garden eetting supplied by N. J. Osseta.at 35 square yards Intl.. Is Wled sad draw& will not rot 111.11 eat In all waslaisre 9.0,1 any width ; n.e loge Erie rAn all Onlan ~r S. Coatrarmer 1.e11A14 et 14 agates yerde for lb Hundreds of teetiesoniale -HMO, J. 048e05. Fights. Fleet. Ire. SICLISTS efll./I'LO 91190 FOR our nicely illearsted LI Deereearlls List *011.5 0. send peat free. We warm.% every artieW ere eel!, ud will refund money if any .0101. 1. not do rreelat. Lief. 1nd..., Luggage Carrico Is pair, lamp Brwskste 1.. Dent, Mudguards lit any washinelts.(l4. peir.-Gatorlegs UONADRATIOX. 13, Best- slyest. LimPoel. ATS ese te at dnee killed by laying dome SANPORD'S It a.lllsnl I They toke it rabid,. and are found dead Oats •nd doge wen) 10.01111. Farmers .1.0 0,... toed it my It i• the .at LIDA fa. Died. Alm Dols., for DD..' sale. in Dorn ataall.. and ',Awn for killing Moles oft Isn.l Post fres le 5.1 Ze , and 3e. et assrotui 4 Son, bendy.lisda. bold by Chen:tide 'IIH a ONLY MIAMI 1,11 DIRTIIIII ING HAIR on ine • Pee Le 11%111, aLer bOSSB ORDINARY • • DIE PI LATONY.- to .1 ,pet fre..l. 9.0 et wipe, for atoms heir. the Illeetric Saansnoe. 36e lor thick Cauteroing 119,0o1," 10. Id or the Goma. IAr•ANNA. 41. be 02, 1 heabald'erned. 50i1.',,, Letubni. by letter I. arded : please send y LINLINIIBB 00451). •. MLLON. the moot mein.. At fiat Speelellet in Ingle goers...ae to ware all Diseases of the Wye.. Hie few :rm. -..E arm within the nacho( all. Advice In analogs Note ray ;wily addreee RBI OIFOIIIS-1(T/1111T. C. MARC Nostra.. Mr JOSIPH LOl%OEOlll'll. een ru.59. Riehto.l.l .an. Grad Lever, Sal on, se after muff 4 sere. ruses with his eye. Sr Mellor oared hire la twe Aka. TO rierugartsas MAILICHS AND DROORATORK RI MORILL.I7 sad IS.Grest 114-Aadrewet .111,•onebery. 11. Cheapeet Howe In London tor Itneloti sad Foreign Piet ure-irearne and Sae. Moulding. Veneee-i and Paso, Weed Nouldinge. do. Whelan's Cerver• and filldsr awl Mount Cutter. Regiblng. apealid attest/on to nenney order.. Fall partieulan in Sew Pa/eau Rees pot oar, lishel. 107 oe gee mite/nig. all MP atereet deeigns tor six penny stamps. tile. Lisle Y/DP rsaetbly. Telegem ▪ es• ars tendon " el KITS. HINTS. Zltetde for garbelo. efinket. Dr MOWN( purlAN, 40 feet In eleafindemeae. pegs, pole, wallet. and !Imre map's. c•oo umo-0000r oa.oso‘a niwe anate are white. fool here only sea ueed a dub. by Mier Mafeetyk Government. sod oneleally owl. over IA (web I will wed nne Ouniplete tor 50e. tan be sent on %porn's, -- 1.11.-1 be.. a stroll., of Tents teen Iss. te won, but the Huta winch wire. DAN raatAmere •-• 1/Nvea I Nal AN at /be. mob ; aerobe ,f marquee* Com slog p-al ro. - lIANNN JANA DIANN., Government Onmetor. Ire. an.....

BEAUTIFUL I,AWNs, TENNIS COURTS, BOWLING UREENB, Ar. HOW APRIL •ND MAY !TILE kite EVERGREEN LAWN GRANS SEEDS. 1.. ma LI. Me rim OW?. TO,. la i Isieolid Illature of the eery tart DMA II llYNIts NUN GRABS BlRDS.perhotly fri• Item Wale Al Werel, tan.. lie oohs he me no our lean. rei••• 1•• Gm.* a Wary... hew and Want.. fur Vb.* wo weft 64.4414 d Ito GOLD RIVAL, LIVIMPOOL RINI 11111101. And which, Dom Dici emerald /men itelaur .44 1444444. (Weed Ow adrelretiurt .4.11,1.1 k We eistapilid AM nfl .11.1 i 111. anaUret ofittl.ta.op to Laea Ora. &OM for Needle two hundred sone. NEW, NUNN AND MILIANLI FLOMMIt AND VEGSI'ABL4 SEEDS At the Limos. Priori ier Neel Quality Plain end Practical heed List Poet Free ROBERT P. ERR AND BONN, CIININAL AMID W• 11 11110111111. 11, BASNETT-BTRE T. •ND AIODUATH NUILANIDIIB. ONASSIINDALN. LIVNIFOOL. Telephone trar Till WAIIIICTIIII LAND AND 13110PERTY CoMPANY, LIMITIs1), • 13 OOMPANY HAS ILIGIBLE LAND, LSASI rol. BUILDING PUIPOBBI. MOREY 751.114 ON DIPUSIT AVIJo,O 111 TURIN Youngs' ir 4 PSI USN, lDrlkl4t MR. THOMAS TUN&TALL. le.o A. tiecret4r3, BEWSEY CHAMBERS, Warriugto

AM IN 141 t. FRID

bake bn iktbate Ertl, Dianne et mry herr PSVOMOUL.OSOU. (ZEND Mow foe BLICTRIOAL LW. It 1711 yew. GUN,. OS. Vittoria-reed, Leeds. OPSII.AIII CORM ler Cormumpek.s. —Benny Smug. Ilepted. Full. Sot POTS. Seed Peas. *lumen Ii .1: pest free.- Address. W. PRAM VOS TROUBLIC U • 11 Jr pest free 14 stampe.-11yees. HILLS tor elmaking the stomach I a... poa fres Is. Id. as 4 Soeley.lan., Ins fiord. Torte. A Wail cLocKt with 111 nioltt without • light Smith-street. at. IpLaus. FAIRY 1.41 gumtree Seward Xi AIIILLTIC SUPPLY Co/ LADISS - / moo to lad Um. I Wueoe.

d. 01 Plus- -111 surnos• 1 yos,ervl•loo , mth. • Usual UntsJogo• .. Dudley. s n's Liver Plll.. 2 Cberolit, galls. 111 P; 7"111. L. Id.-K. LUCY. 303. Mlnated 41.. Time gam at b.. pan free. -Mato 5, Upper .0. A and all blab of Ometalloas la 4*. . Is 4 Mo.-D. Demo Bontai Jullago.d. .y Imo mluablelllClPS of great Import ' . litionned envelops for particular. fa . d Prove. Shale.. ier • I I 1116.11 U .11111 eve grey *oat. 0101.100 13081U111. LP clothe, mayitit,g. 52n. Meei. 52 yard , onetime paid i pattern fem.-1. Jamag. Rlland. Tarim. x - - 'l'lllll -1 "H• OH MUMS 01[01.8 come... ready for tyr.q 103 10.. Stamp fee list f Manta .......M.- Jascet MOD Co.. IS. Chapel. . lano Kughloy. ± ; 9 11A ONO 10121101 iIIaDALS la ca.... lend Is 11.1 ' 1 / For sample,. Avanowledgel the fineet hod most origin. proeuncd -10nmay CA.. Jeweller., •bardare. a - - 91.11411 -Married ladies. Informatlm and Myles IN prim E 1140 value.-6.mped en.e1,... Ideation this P.P.. Mrs. Laaa”oll. Z. 0010 It John. tart, Llvernool. . 1 DILLS. areey's re,. , Hutment mires all °Waved Piles I. In 2 a 3d7.; post free rift. teonnotioals Is. 2d. :Duly S bial 5011u1.e.2-W. Nom,. 11ra iford. Yorks. x i ADIRS 11011.-H...owe Nile,, Match. beautifully 13 eh.... glee bee?,! lady hes. Partioolm. cam,. addreased eavelope.-8 and 11. 1rm0..., Lincoln. • W1111.T.11.. t:e.elr.. ',rent ii, 1.,14 J.0.....1.10...1,111.,.f0r4T0a5.bi I. 92-80.1.20. Northampton street Lela ter. • (lON, 111101. 1101116 to 100 Cretin.,,. ecnoorn.eallytimi. 1 Hatranisoe /goofing :Meets Igo foot, ...led Iheets elms, Mtimles.-1, 1)16.. Minlior Iniamoi. Liver on?. • A 1.4.402 ell .111111 of gond NUNTIN.I 11.1108.Marquires A 411.1 111101 110 ssie Sri?,?. prices. Bartinaes sad Vises ter hire -Ponta. r, Tent and Flag Maker. Chelmsford. a I'IIIIRATIC BR TABOUR -The Home Gymenaslum steam.- ' thens ohe...timulate. nerem,cores dobllarramily tasd. prim bs.-11. Malta, Inren or. re inenolneee. ,latord. • '9'olllB, NAHQUBIIB, 014.710 .11 kind., eisaf, pH...4,nm 11. and mond hand avert utioeliming Write for list. - VI. NA.. Laudent.. Bultllum. •Idersaaa. Linden. • Jll/11110 111./9111,10. 1.1•Ing Photogrsolt. various mob- pats. 10•1ple 01 AfflessaLA port free. 111.-naim•• moan... 00., I. ILlmtl2.t.. 1,8.m0...re...0,id...N.C. a 8828/111 (11108.-Sene 26 to Bootle Comm., Co.. Derby. for box 0494 pain. of horiaalene. best Plant rood ; selle la be . Oatilste.l. 3,1 free Itentals paper. • IRON 0110110H118, Y 116410 11 1 11018. Bu as ildings. lt* 1.1 design. bat co...prompt erectioolon prim., spacial lam If Mind. -I. 1.111. m, *imam Ifvfora. Liverpool. • 1,/ ANUFACTURNIR: fl. Lhasa Golds. sel- - veto, Print.. Planneletteo. Mau, to .510 bund. I ohm., poMell.• ,olit hon. - W.Oxasitoom a Co., Nrariluril. a I BM I,TP CLOT..IIIO PUNOHASID turtles, or post; I, morn. remittance. If pilee not *mgr.l bed. ono.. -1111•711 VIVI., Istuderdale Bull,lingyaidermlle.Loadon. • 1011/11111010 for loroonloo. obtaltiee at nudmite rot Hand- , .1. Peek* Informal.ot and advise fee . -.Lute/ . Ill? sad Co ,Ilian.at Agent. (11. tab IWO,. 168 111.4.-81eeet, Lao- is... 184301.111 1.0t110111LAT(11111. eyes Llahts and haat inn I MtB all guar ostagl. Teotimoulals dell. Ille•Mtael 11.1 .14 511? partleu.nrs ...m...-0. L. Pou.Whancale lianufao- tom. Atailba.t. e. BM:T:1 B'lo2o'o oTe ":1."7. " ~.17.14.51.,°,..7.11.7:::; env... one li ittamps ni r....., i 01,nolordourat, thielmaorpors, N. / \NINA, LW?. gathenome Le. Will forward on rend. 1. e P.U.O. to ...it purchseer., assorted mann lona t. in ES speed.; man.. inpor.-11. 11.11 at MAMA Chuasulots 19.10. Lome,. Starr.. 'Vila 803010,30 V 11111111/.-Thaat teem. of Be reh I. Mlllalia In Um nat. OW msh : 330. P.' Moon e...,3 d0.....a..... Md. -2.8.4.44000., 155 sad 111. grunt.l.l4 Plane. henahargla. 9,3111111. -To Menlo. Pc.pla amt lane alba le Marry and ✓ ablooml anew., to N. VAVO•4111.1111 Cattle Lao-malt, bade, far Illtimreed I. at of 6.11 I.l4.lsponsable 101. Iva, monlal Idsorinea and homme. g ,lIIN •me •9101111iNNA110. Chum.. le Um P,otterie. I 0.0•1. orate belt gel. 24 10.- ot acme ...lit, mod• £2. tipeolall. 5.10.40 e psokage tor havelanr. £3. deer. Milt CO, 1.40401• 811. . 111814? 1114111 1 715 la.. IRO. le 04 • 16IP. S• lie V oalil drawl I. cooking. MM, meottenear:rl aliened snivel, MI , .uppded , hat and partlimbes Imo - 1.0. Men Co.. Ormsby. Quote papa. . --- g CO/POUND ON SPRING& tan spring armee, 1.310 ,1. 1 tahltsroons taps. AM 9to 11 Inch. 5 Ma.. Nahanni. 1., Mel 4111. ilmhall Meshing. muranted noisrly Dal Mg. -1100 its •sio *am Poe.? *ll,O. 14.011. -- --- NV "1:1',?.. ....,:.;:n.',.;r,;140` ...L*.,:i.r.t.',.1 2:: lase. - Verdi particular• app 7 It. Curxroor.. Hoff Oned notlarenlats. Liessuperlor Putaltars (Mom. I .- . -- - LllBll • TlB. 1 I 1118 1..; 10. 23 84. , prlio• ✓ package. 30.61.. and 5... serriiimmle .0451044 fee co.. Is.. .Tho old astablishol arm, etas Man SUPPLY U . tirlitally Dealas Flabascages aed film mapplbd. • ,g DVIOII be MAIIIIIMP 140110.-DO eaa Tarry a.of ill. lemmbirlires. 11111)M03 Ma amnia.. le ITN DT if harrelmmdelnie.... failure lomalble. Mod stampd .4. 4,5,1.4 saran.. IllogiaN 1.12. Pe. Md.. plias...nye L'IRLD, 1114111311 An.) RACE 014.14118. samad lead 1: .4 naof 1-• aluminium or 1mpa0...1 Mims at ma thled gap.. apt; ma. mint. , 11.1.11 lull la loadou -012a11 Lao o.l.lusooaa, Plerld Mae. apeolalsts, 11, Kim William. stn.. Zombis. A VALVABLS umnrarirti•• AAAAA r PON 98LR. la A. Mods Mi boding 10. Is. Irro Ileamuable °Noe eneed. ILL Invents... mauled to area. •84 tamely ' Molts guarentead. Logo.? lirm•role P.m. -Leon. 11. Fastiagfasa &mane. (City, London. IigIoOLIII TOO LI KIS A 1.8111 TIPP 2,1 £.llll/01- -a-ed TT .*IO elm ilamii 9 Proomslea 'II ax.ers P.soCas• mangos In l• The Lon,. Rotleat and ...de,- tail be. . dnire for •sartment. 1. 1* 11.1 end canted io lb 4 meld i Id.frooklv.. It. trr Bain • ITIMPT. Lou ton g 1111,12 11801 0401 1.114 02011111144. ant .1. ty ~.../..a.,..4 3 pan for is., 39 Is. (mt., lam 5.1 according lo sae aml quality. 1107 c 11aliskerbocker Mbl sante afea. All curia • gald atid ma.sey Moaned ll lot palm., ..11.0.6.-Ad4roa. 0. H. 11.01, 18 Tudor-tea 4.1....... • g .IRA? CL•AAAAA UN SALIN a thois baddlag PLAITS. T_T pap collatifaa .r.ll kardaa., Wean planar make •ploagtd dl•py, Cl &Pm 3' 111.6.1.2 01 Pelleaka. 110 pa.......,.. 30 Pa 10... 00 rynahrosms. 14 01e1.0.e, II 014101. 50 'lagoon. II Vairems. 11 Agetslon., JO GehleLleh 30 giatithis. 30 limiri Trmio.unt. 8, lesballa Ii .411e0*44. sand..r pail.l name i and carriage gold lib. 9ii .1.11 gam., 6. NI . gm... quantity 36. , margeotim mares• a.. rubbish. -B Ham.. Carlton, loconott. a lILTV hilt?. POIITOAID 7 If flat aim. Wale ea* soul sanA it ..... rill•alme Puerility co.. is &S- -LIT . sith your name aod *Mem oa the bane lad yea ll realm by seat ..1104 partieulas of the west fir.d•rful mvrtesalveyt.orl wd he. mar men 100 Plane ma l• i 1.,.... Saab IA 00 pia. la Irak. al oh. I. (meant.ed to be meth t. mania •Mne an 1 • Chia. Tea My.. .111 mem. gambol In geohl. tecalmor Mak a 1,0 .1 orolui kriahon nencley. Thom.. mid all over lb. • orld. Prodmrd oal lettre... addreeed to Ta• Taaimas P. a Tear Co . H•alay. Itaila.... • FLANNELETTE 511481./T PROW Till MILL.. (...11., Pr.. 33 lartm Mda tr mad per yard. Otaer Mans In O.*l la Sri. vale., All elmes JI ectloa Goo.. lab. Ilaadkr. ✓e.. Le, all at Minden. him. We 011,1155 Mt Ilasllas de. Rade.e lioal .0 .04 thMalas. kuLtmoommn le An Pa 1.. 65.4 grog .514 111 Patera* of meal.- meaa. - narr. Newnan? Ade Os.. 11. DM.- 11. BaIIUOISMI.RIIIIIII. OLAIIOOII. a CIOANS I a:10AM! , 1 LIUAES ! ! ' MAHN In tba oh* Tam sad 51.11111.0. 111414. Clem . 6._ dd. pa. 50. 50 3d. °lmes . 6.. M. pa 50. 10. Meal ardor low Maw momslt mod ym MIA NM. IMO boo al *barge Nampa.. man quality re lee ala VT....... •;.... c„.. 111e.....5. 11, Bewley- el... Nottliatam . _ .. _ • WHAT It I )I•VOND 'PA 'lllo' TIES Moue. Aealyat. ii....aw 11.11.rp• Sag.. 7.0.8. A bag 0. 8.4 M. 014110118 orlicirio is admirably Oa Perla Allinalat a. tetanal Weal.. meg ic a eg▪ lards.... ion -04 to 8.114*. 50 r..1....1., p.m Inappar. dee telemblo 11.0 A and Assalystb ram. lam PM 9.l en applkal lera to • .1 tIBILIIII NISI/ICI/II (20 5145.41. 11.... 2 May IC. A.mt• cm.. Aarroarees. • , __- Ttlelf BASK BEEN DISO)VERID ! WHAT /I AVE BIEN OHM-UV 64ED , VONRIEV M USTAX V, a moat debts°. duadimoota IN mt.,4 wady for use. It Mil make you eallorollah,oad 41V. ,Dtlf 114.1. Veld b. all Onmere. 14104. An • tgant proparallto lir rintimg, abiumiag .44 .011.8.81 the ..a. It ant .mptore your rumples..., &Ili nuke p. , atalc,a. 0.,51 by &II elternl.t. 11111123*. lb. king A al.ring 8., make. Ur C 1.,, a 1.1.111•11 be..?,. nsel bare. tle faar anal,. load renal sold . Chromes sad ......... '0 a gool max,- 0. soe ol lla above ...is 11 1,4, post leer. on recant ol 6 'lama ri en 0111 85111110 1.01. 20ARBUill00OH .

14. 1897

Apartments,. _ . LMT LANDUD/11). sprtments slew io Ses knd Puede. Term. Jed moderate, Ms. Resew... Boughton House. Mostyn Avenue. COLWYN Bdio.ria-APlll,lll.lllllo.Tili:t.ez,rer: and Ilts,ttsitl; llthiw Bank Avenue. 11..91ACAPOOL —Comfortable APARTNIRTI3. near WW- I/ toed tiktion end ; plena. Also tees. hreeklaste.la., provided. 10, lim•-• TT TT . A PARTMARTY.—BIa moon. ono sinew une badman. It 11... of board included 34. per Tony. The Square. Broughton-In-Fur res. BeACKPOOL. with or without hoard . cosoloris moderate rherger.—A Too NOV... Lowidaltwoed.Lvtlaste reed. 900111- APARIIII.III9. most. 11.- 11 situated, two mien. Iron, station .114 .10 BOOLTON, Fliston Ho., 249. Lytham-road. tOMPORTARLII ePARTSIRISTI at • Pane Howe sitting-room nod two bedrooms . branwot nelopun ; .eme very sentionte —Mrs. Cleow., Ashhourno Orem. Ashernamv, Deserve.., I.AIIIMONO. House, forwshed ; two minutes' walk id 11 proierniele ; for Sky wad Juno ; vine ,0.11,01116. the., mitt.. row.. lath Owe and cold ;WA. re and 11.111•1 dotwetle ' ofkow—enswl Orrice. Queen's Hu.' Uardens.

jirlarbintrv, etc. OAD LOCO. 1N..). on Sprlngs. 7.H.P N•rol.l.ulaptcel foe any e 1... of uml work, Cluny for msh.—Pollekl, AND none, PE Oes. Homo. 1,31 ANSI MRS AU 11/MATO!' LAWN NOW SRA complete. fl twoal neer.lV 35.. 12 IS. IS 66, dellveted. Bernualrest, ONOROWS IRONWORKS. LIMITED (late Orme,. Orlerwm, and Co. Walled), Mulatto Manchester. have lb* !Antral Awortment and PUL.AtT PAT (INNS In the trade. and .11 Ins poeltl. Itt dumil; CAIT INGS. Mi)lwright, and all k 1.4. Rochweelng Work promptly. Catalog.. win.l and pulley ;wt... nu utpl, catlon.—Telenhon. 129. BLuNT OPTIC. 11•11CMISTIR Nara.... In 1106. A .01101 ION 1/0012e A 311 N Mve hatl more tn. K ewer.' porsonkl ...Hen. In non 111.111,0 *lB3 thin Mstan/Isb ment. and pouteunrect lus I knowl.l,•ul thet.tion. woollen, I+.l Iron manufact•res. I ...M Inn New Patent law, price 64. • Coloclal and Foreign P.m. Laws,- ptlos 14. 01L011(.11 DAVIMA Cd. £ SON, PIPS., NALL.. I. ST. ANN'S SQUAIIII. MANCIIIMITKR, lIILCK NTT AND SON , LOCOMOTIVII SNOINIS BUILDNIIII. IIIITOL. Have In stack really for Irnmullate dellvary NNW LOCOMOTIVItIiMth Cehnders fr.. 10 101 l OlacorMr, 4 and 6 ...le ommled. with all 60e1.1es1 Improve...no. Full ;cuticular. on ....lon.

agrirultaral CONS —O4. aeLive COS aged. It ban., val. exam. an( rlso, naonpa Sunday. altar Z. Imp am; Santee. Neap ,0.44U,,0 0..,4 NO dealer*. P ,t. Warrington. tou,•10118 NOR 05613 —No.'s earl, Aehleal Moho., Is 'rah 11416.41* 64. mat. os.rlr PtirlYn Is ,011, 7a. oort.. Rnadlnd Giant. Stourlarldra Okay. aotaal • *nun. ramps or Colosoal le. p. 06. 6.. ePt ,Bno•Orno• or Wow, .31 Hanna; antoUytairdani or &aortas I. SA neck, Oa c 00; 0n...M paalt, &Loral. ; Samna Wsnum lb 01.5, 4a. ant.: lloahalaaa la 61 per Wodlal hams &whin. Mumma.. Ilhalthdhd Market. Birmingham. a W I W• 001 and Chief 1011111111, gda by 3 yd. ; by 3, Sga ; by ; 6677,06.; 7by to. the ; tig 6. 746 ; lambed name *ad addpspo tree 1.000 alsravo Mori hoopla Imo. Barna** awl Partillary Pour.la.hand, Ihighart. Sreughae. gran. 4.0., also Fanner • Light ape 111407 Oart Kamm la all local *type Army Bell Tont. 4744 oioo*mfrre6eo..lort lagb. eomplor• with 9.1.• mallet, Lag. he . .00 Oarrenisaot fl ea.. only silghtly usad 1.0 ;0610.6,1P4 11001agbam Mace. pries 300. a A 01.400. POTIMI Walarrliarntoon Makers to the Burma and lewd War.

ONUS, VOUltrVy :try WIjA 0.6,1,:nr: .17.24: el. vattz CAs.P. Ursobrook. Heat It NlTottrSeo sruLLY-Mord. 'Com"Alty*TkoP..4l=ml•ll:l;.. • 1:1r1a01r1 208a8.1.11.. ,I )LACK binAlormosb Orployton WHS. imnd 11 Myrry grass run. 2.. 6.A. Aur W sLyoy. 0.1.108 MAU., Lune., Prmloo. [ALT MOUTH MOCK MOOS. Ilyttrstold's olsymp)on cop 1. MAMA dirool. Irom rm. MrAs. Aos. oar.. • I.•• Ho.mm (47 iitAIIDUFTII Irma oorristrot MMT: 1.4 yulYsityel grom rum ; gyarmayed frollto .3.. Fm.rux HYMMAAS. Chords Won, Stsfford, MOHOIIIIIL balk HOOK I. 64 end 2.. MOM, lams 14 mod Ay my winner, Yolmtlie repimort JAM. rOMITAL 8018,,Y BriMm. Amy lloolkAMo. "Olc 00.00.0.4 0.8111.. FUMY*. TOD Ariariss. Murals,. Lams Aire. DLACK HIIILHICAL SOON Hopkins. mul Huston. Doted I/ Lay.. sod Prim Strain. Moo .pirnaktOrooMmods.msly S. 61 per dome —JAmom KAMM, IML Hartsymyyt. Marla- , ma. LtIiIO. Lkapkom. /..••••••••, ~lb r• BOOK from Um It followny high-clam poultry Mock Moms.. Pim surl Abbots. 0.1.1 .84 lllrs. Irmo:Mates OmAY yea HAMA. Drown and MAIM La•MAy• IMMortekto sad n. duo. 2. Ai Aysen yorl Mealy 1,,(106 from pure Ilmk and allme-Omy DORKINGII. Ply. ALI mut, h and !Amon DUCH' ; 50.141104. marl, se .0.11 om • god stralos. 3s. FL • sitting ; 0•1•••• MAW 2.• 0.1 . • roduallem or Awry 11.8* 440 sitting. —0 'A MY, Wast. v., .1 nem slum Weal.. Wog.

Liol.lll. - -p10041,1 Pans (wise inning,. It,Ls. Orpi wino, Xi envier Wee...A, llliners.. But al Wnite Losharss, llleaden.. and Hag Connote 3e per do.. . Chicken Stearrin. 7. id. ; Denton grit enuthere Yr. son lon. mini. 10e. too rot , Inspetion lanitad. -1. POlireeLlo Intatee, Warn...ton UGIli YOU 6111111,/ frost beat end pulite •traine el 11:.• Ilinurea• Legnortio. Clreineeno and lilentindli Wets. Wilt!..,. in iorli pen Ifir.i• •rieetol lbrongholit. Pri.o 54. °aril,* paid 3. 64 Unfortilee replarod If relefned. I Blaine bens •Itsp C Tuna's, Frarebrad. Warring* 1:0111 POI( BIVTIZIIi la re-turning thanks to fey may pavorie for tn.. c01.6.1o5o• plan. In me nut nen.. I do my 4-n to crl.lntasir. 11. an.l th• tiorroind vow be•end tb.enppi, for tight bro... this woos I hay. put twe P. 0.0 litioirra., Brown foghorn., MIL. Logivent. mod Ho*: noe pro Blur lirdoepe. Orpinetona. Uglit I•ne•liena. Plemoorla lacks • len Int orte.• (nate Mold first) Houton -Indian U.S., Mourne- , Orpington, Hoooan Lengthen Lena laashern• Sal Contains. Aloe Dore limo itoisints, •riesi are, Indnin Wainer.. All me ono price. 14 peonsii In tient heii. pot on intl; 24. id. tow.* OWN.. II inspect Yid 1•111:14 thelf ince egp -UMW DlLarealt UMW, lane. Lova., war Mentes. 1.11111.••. lo liminess done on lendere. the Yen Ire etionitee' telk from Le.lon It. Iliny's 1511 m. Lyn Wier fins /I•vrten.livalllims.

. _ f3ubluations. a //GM TO 4.0=1 merAit Made M Doellay p•mt trft • oun., —444 lea Moms. lassme, Lassa+. Louisa. M. ILLOVIII41111) HOOK wantahaing isparlaot wig mall Ora. ; 1 Rol NM. how la hoop 644)4.17 owl saga Ur itoslotaas to 44.00w144 Mae waa Tatitarai 10 anarrlal MM. Inn pent foal amnia. —A. C. Amman'. 11. Cleatheo-rweal 4.4.4. 44184154.. imam, a T PAT [41410N, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. 1111014T1111. Nalialwae taaa• dally. Prot Son Tel•grikohla aslaraisw '• 746.41.4,Mang •• Nuataiens. Landow- S 1 041416' 140101111 ATOMIC- It I. le pos.Ala aal. aka w theca fallenalag • •yahomi at Nonlanolag. Dahl far Pupa. 4 4.411na with limliansaing. Tigararc 444 bystameal lionl•arata to Opartanna. hot , 0 Mouse. 164. Weetook War Altar. lIVITHT MAN A,Zurrttuiroi 4... Nervous cud Physical Ability I stantal winal few • valuable earathiatt esplitiame haw anal organie •18404..nv8n14 na, 104844410117 tr.w1.0.1 witaitot *toms. waaktatna Ih. nat.oo4 la gall an plawiant, 40.1 will elfaet • pasta. and lannwasat run. nest waled rest Iraq Ada,. /I. NORTON. 149. Nlgh 41.404, 1,444. V.l 144*1.14.1.7 .1.1 Taws • FREE TO NI RN. WII TOY 410 0844 of taking tualanna and 707406054 40.414110 as and aannoottanta. Mak Ao raft 00 fflald. .417 rata yaw Alvtali• mama grata to 51001 I .111 mai 1.. • ...a wltta 1.45416. ..farannt.4.4..o..QUlCK .„• entail wow aanag. DO STOMACH MIDICION. NO 111.1101.101..1111. Mat la ont•wiape no 15e..474 at two anaow lor rai•ogo A. J. Ls... 1111.41. Ora. 11.•••441 *wt. WO. JUST PUBIASIIIID. vr MOATS INFORMATION A 1100: 110011 AFRICA. T.ot etawalil rm., It Mauna It tall• ,on lb. .•••• 1 lee d 111401104 Treakerinwin. pampa. of Farman In • arm I canal,. lbw elute nala ago.. la 11.546 ASIA, lats 2740. 044.. moos, awl Omaa the 540 that mar wattal •ill lb. Tna•7•4l. 1.. Tat Fate Ova •TRICANONR. 11. MA/14/1111D 0101111 or Mows Aso Palmas. Iliatlinitaaa. a

COOPEIt AND Co. 1114101.18•14 111 A MIWCIII.IIIIII AND 13110 CM. LONDON, an. GLASGOW, litapply Wanton WY TRA-S GRocgßiw, Plovis,N, woo WNWLII4II.II Pi ba Or .mar, lbwobl.r• lo Wb COUPER AND Co.'s TEA, AT 1/2. 1/4. & 1/8, ram Li are admitted to be TYR SW WALVIS lvii 0171111110 Til Tllll FUILIC COOPIIK AND Co. An. El.. Lugo. lbobrantan of TKO. OWOIIJIO MID mammas Is t.lbs OW./ Warbbowo— GLASGOW. LIVERPOOL AND LONDOS War.beb,b E"'"- 1. BUTTAIIM kHE ET..BTIIECT LW, PALL THE CNINV CITIES APO lOW's IA 101 ItIMUDON.

TH BILYAsT JOHN WILSON 34 SON. SRL rAAT) LI MITZU.. NNW 1111A1011 WSJ/MAMMY 76, BOLD STR 66T, I.IV Eltl'ol.ll. • large Anortroeot of triegr eu!nbrated HAND ROTS' DAYAIIII TAIRA 11.0714 e. imasnioN. PILLOW 1.17111115. TOWIILLINU CAMINIC YACILIIT WAND KUIICUIIfI. LIME) till7ll, 11 htro $UIfl. 001.1.•114 • LU FPS AND LAT/IMo *MO CMILUMMIIe• 1•10h1111....TM1•11 of their owe 111111111fihe taro all A whlch they will SELL et 'IONA-FIRS 11ANUFAL.TURKIIN' PIIL Is. ALL AILS IMMITI.O to (NUL and INSPICT. 330 tate linporto333,l lo LADIES' TRW:SHAM; A sI'ECIALITY. rJO/1:11 WILSON A S. (lIKLFAST), 14TR 75. BOLA/ STRIChT, VERMSIL. Dumatottae Mum, BaLr.o.r. I. 11 ea 5r.,.,. OLAM.,II. 13 Flow •TIOLOT. ((d.O T•croer. DR. SLVTI'S PILLB The SafeM Yarnell.. MAI but ittleettmr 1)". S's (o,—. the Rawl drag • Atm rn tr. ,rutuJr.l. SCo. l's 1111..L.71 Cure bk.k Headarthea azut Merv°. Dllepreearat K. SW ri TS 11.1. LS Cure Ithilgestloo anti 11.0.33333 liso SlollB lILLS litteugt hen vs I Inelgurat• the wh4 bit tr.. Srettrea. SelYl rti LLS bett Yetally Aparkut Wed rho, NAM 1111t,e1 1)s. san l)1.1.6 A. ,n.taterl ualy by W. I•Mllhur. 173 bIItYMOU/1. YL•CM, Lut..l.m. W. Du not he perturAerl •nyone Irt buy an. rAl3er 8313,311C100 1•044.31. hot W.I. it., 31.3nsts 1.1.• rlght (5,411. 011 h le wrapped la • puom ar.oh peaky,.

CTGLINI: CM (iTCI.3B NNW lOLPIDS. 11W HOW'S. EXOOLIOOIIIII. ourrsumos. ISPOIOIS Lowe— GARLAND. 5I —66, BRIDGE.STRNET. WARRINGTON. Loot. Pool. his for 0* NOT t WILL KNOWN STKNOAND YAK NS 1). SANK SY-STRERT. WARILINIITuN FRANCIS J., BOOBS DBCOILITOIL AUTHOIUZID GLUM. ac CHOICIII BILINCtION OF WALL PAPERS Aloroto Olwlt lISTIVATIS SUPPLOID SANIBT.STRILIT W ARKIN° lON .

:..MIag,:m.I3ATES

Of f 3, Pr,nctow:r Sqo r,, Bradford, wr,fes “ror EL Years 1 Irlf!ored Lr,ly from IMIL:3)3L:C-1-MMTIC)II2%. ronrul,i i I . r t.ii .ott relief ata induced to try your Whorl 3 kf,a.s. tok.or Inn, box Irr rriiirl) cured, eat uml eup : I ; 11311 PIA rl.) Louie PAGE ViCOOKIS MD PILLS All Sufferer's funa INDIGEZTION, LIVER COMPLAINTS, EILIOUSNLSS, A"? "-lEADAt;HE, SPASMS, &c, should avail themselvezoi :I, ; ex rarclicine. ml Or r..: , •1!, PIA A 2 0. Pubt f:,. r r 311...A.GENE 10PC:DCLDCIC,C131E, 7...X.1111700,34.1117. A ANIM

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, ' 4PLUENZA, COUGHS, COLD. SORB THROATS, WilEEZIl,fr, TIGHTNESS A rTHA Car-ST, to The Oinr tent is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS BRUISES. SPRAINS, STIPP JOINTS, dm Manufactured only at. 78. NEW OXFOIW-STIiEET, LON.JON.

ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S A NEW SIZE. ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S ELLIMAN'S A NEW SIZE.

EM B ROCATI 0 N. Rhenreatie Pay, Lambs.. Sprains. Beals... Shah& Cure It healthy pere•la Nora Throat from Cald, Cheat Colds. from Cold. Clelblame before brain, Coma WM* plesl. Tee.. MX... from weeny earreu, It. an pains all near., by • prompt and free us* ul 11111mos's thavenal Illobrecelaon.

FOE *ORES AND PAINS. ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION. DOWN, 50., Is. WI., N. Pt, sol Is. lora 1A.., 2N, Jars sold direct only for P.O. Pressred only by ELLIMAN. SONN, & 1.2)., SLOUGH, ENGLAND. NO PT ABI.P IN COMPLICIT. WITHOUT Yor 'PRAMS ELLIMAN'Sr itll/I!:.ILINTE KI.IO7NG MINIMS, CA I'LID ID S Ks, ov, wo,l I Inn, BROX Y.N K SoRE RIP )I• I.OERN. NORM TNROA SPRAINR, CUTE, bailleMe IN 1.0.15. so Mr. Task I. Vss bol yob, Dwdreebt, Rooth Afoot. wrnsw: ROYA I haws two horses wbleb L .„., ..—elept. mule, la. N. ILL, 3s. .1411. MO. EMBROCATION. i'mared only by ELLIMAN, /lONS, II 00., aloogh, anglasel. SHOPFITTEIS & SNOVICASE MAKERS ill .he intmd OPENING SHOPS Ms mid apply 111.. A 0,1141 M•rolsolurers. CHAS. JOSEPHS & CO., 5 NEW OXFORD ST .LONDON, U. C . iffillata. ant, Plan Yrs.

_ TIM iiltvtr NEN F. 1,1 I SISAIIIIS -,GOUT P I 7_, L. s FUll GOUT NIINTULTI•II. SCIATICA. I.U1111.•00 TM Iheruclatau. I..ir. a ....I,Lly r011......1 than. ../.. ••• Ilthretu.l All ..11...•1e1e, Atom LlOl Z2N•lrsod. L•nd.,n al le. lid. uld i• . ~.. 1.. ee alllS' 01.11:jgost , 1 , 1 1 CURES when all other Remediesfail. , ' IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVING ALL PAM AND MIMING MO MN CMG The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens sou Bsoosea all ham refloat°. on the Woe of the feet. If 118 ,9N, Ir) e boa, you trall rivet It. Bones. 1 It of All CbetnietS. II GUTMAN & SON, CA•mou, GNILTEEINIUN n..... N., carsill4ll -......\,:urt,LA Natl.., SO.. SNNTAt '.. 471 tri C......_...../i and ...re le .9 hewn Gue raw &moms wa1...vl ~........nlemcd, 9440 lbstul•ta. Or µet Ino. WILCOX • CO.. 119, Illortlmer NUNN. UMW Portl•wd 11•••• X. LONDON. W.

THE GARDENER'S DELIGHT Small sample tio .04. fens TllOOOll VINT AAA PLATT Tm,D. 11. M. TA.: 61466 Is.; Ar eon, Ireo 11.165, 91 M I. 4.1.. 7.11 m be. ISIS,. 36.66 . 28 Ito 54., Mktg thol mod awd wwwww MoseMol6 of Malmo. &laic owes Dotole quanti,, stymie. quality. TAMP. . UM 11110 ILL MS,NIIKN Ou . Tavuot.a.• Illsootactoms SOON 06.650e0nt. Aosta romini. Trim afoot to own Uaroues pf 1.41 ohm..

A It OF. WHITE SOAP node of flu of y nonyt 111614,04 as by • ne• And 4of fr. 001. winch ~1.,, all the Natural 01 Furl... No Per. YUAN Label, Tim, I nr,p1;11,:: SaYES I • HANDS. motets 3e. Me posninw Or 6 swap. RISIN.SIIN METAL PaLISH Oven. wtth stercely soy Lebow, • BMW. ha. Sett. Brolleitt. tee Lesths P• 11••. to .11 bind. of Mr.] Arno.rn No Moms. No bedalchaln seereely.. I flubbf.. Ulm awe? We Dirt, bet set the Weer. MACK'S STARCHC )9 UB L lia•e• Ten. loodorn. iusd CPC••10110-1.•• 41 'I nfl sembleed. tn Übe. P•oef n row. Royal. ...fn. W.f. and 01 d • Alen. ron j.rochion IIIALITIVU WHITE OLOWIT 115 *l,. ROI• 11.11 ee Addloon Or P. 541.1011. BAST es LUG. _WI.* .5... e. for Mop,. no/r f• C. CHANCELLOR • at.. LONDON. El.

WHAT IS COFFEE ESSENCE? It is a liquid extract of the useful constituents of Fine Coffee. A Teaspoonful added to boiling water gives a cup of delicious Coffee in an instant, superior to the best ground Coffee. THOS. SYMINGTON & CO. EDINBURGH, are the Makers. To be obtained everywhere, in 6d. and Is. Bottles.

ROBINSON CLEAVER /WI • WI. Maker% , • RILFIT 01.0 'U4IIIIIIII 14.- pm, half' doter.. ••••• tor PM.. 1.1•1• iii•••••••• 10..

1,••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ( )14 IS 8i11,,.. .1 41.; 1. ~. ~b. Z1.1A146E.8;!...41P,1i4, PILL!! I. I. 5m.... (acquired urronatltutinnalt. 0r4901. ral Pr. lathe hack. Guaranteed fro from 16.reurt Bold In S. to In 61 rash. In al' Cberlat• and Paton Medlar* V•ndsre througauf tbe rod& or sent to any rhinos tar •Intynonne loth. Mahan, The Luton, Lon lltubson (rum. Dons Oda ••1•1 lAnodn Mader, Ageut, Haaci.a9 a lop london and all lb. Wholetala Goo. . airoit TRE BLOOD IS Ti4E LIM: [CLARKE'S , 1 WORLD-FAMED 'IBLOOD MIXTURE, THOUSAIDS I,9IIIIITIhIONIALS. baoatr seen lions of Intro nos peopla oho awn r00d... g ben.fit fora the or a Caritas Moot Inture ....n...4 he to•blehly ..llnoted Ist It Meares and elm. Orbit/Alfons all IntporlOso.. Thla It a good terannual tom Om hon., 1.6e5,. want. demon further to sap. •• It It the are 111.0.1 Purlfir that adenna and .4.111 rye brought to Iratond at ton Inth the utmost confider... MOMAmmnd II I. aultentlar• and t be porno interally Warranted P• clears the Wool from Si? Impontlet. Poo a Woo our ..rolng Yor Scrofula. Scutt, Kerins. ern 'ad 11,....1 Moan, Pimples, and ner.• •4 ail Undo. In effeeta no manodood It Is the enly nal reel.. lor Gout and Illiatanatto YAM. for it remuoa Doran I rum tas bloat, uld Poor Thousands ne Trllmottlals In Potties 2s. Id. and 115 00511..4 411 Cloning tient fo 33.,, ii!.,..e by Pro- t....dors LINCOLN 4111 MIDLAND COCNTINS DSC° COMPANY LINCOLN. neer.. runt,. Initials. LAMM. kat, our. to•IIMA/Cit and 12 too In 41 6.1A•130,11, lintsouta stoat 1.1.441.1... rut Onarrano TIMM on ...In li.. run valuedo lobs...ion talon., diffisolln•ar. 4 room. 0., mitten am Moamar or long• Mourns_ Pal. Is ratoroarly NoniCl•lx Is oenironded tor tto onpe .4 00. 0. tr.. .0.1 Sungari. /Donn Pat - inciar and to net olib lawmen.. odors In Tnlonrre ••P C.. 4.sr 5i10'.... ham MI .1 If yes area ttied •••• ryitling .I. do 0 1 goo up until you rot Orr UM • trial Tertaroisla and Wort of gratlatit Irons all pans el Lb. we r.•I A...n0 no lone . Iwo you silt Ind • /anoint SPICIALIM and Crag Y•Atim Imporible. Sand Kumpel rarer .n.. 1 be be particulars to A. ~.).V.Ol AI L, Box 412, L.xxon•x a Hoven, W•1111•1111.10r. LONDON. LADIZS -- - - PI MITIlli TASTELESB 'DANDELION ANTIBILIODI PILLS. I. 144 sad!. 94. Imr ad 4by post for IS.. Al nano* m• • wove,. mMIAliilA.t...• MliMml. MN. tulted few attar or Mu( IMIA AA lora ala, Into They roar Ills Ilre.roleasa Mod •0.1 rdner . fro. Or shin of littera*. purity lb. Urt. oat,. the horde arlth ernfurt xxe Wok,. ex. ...... In run.... 4001I11g. soil ere las maa oelorls a. •4.....• al ht.. oe ornersal Arrant.. 110 Lae Pill or Moe oriole. ben. no fear al cant . Urns ory by Ir. SMITH. N.P.S., 160. Waltraelltrod. London. PROPkIIITON OP PIOVISN'S CIII.III6ATIO COlll. 105101. AND CHILIILAIN. P 54871111. Is. lid . pm tos, by pot tor lb ainvits , • known aura. borer. and Lai 11111TH, NVALVANLI PGA POrDNIt, AND PIICTONAL FRUIT COllllll LOT It NOY. IIAIII £IIIOIII Bold by al. Parr 111•4112 re Tandem • --- g10110WN1.•...../. SUPPORT BRITISH INDUSTRIES. Ali L col Good -looking Stames ir i....?..1.‘ 4XEY USE OH LY 'till:: i • 44 fleflrt7,l .C1e2,n11n315" $ BLACK LEAD 1 :r.,.,hr.iiiy,elP;l'c..re.t,,,l•iffe Q... 1114.:..„,..

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. E P P S'S GRATEFUL-COM FORTI NG. COCOA 8E11.....1G MITER OR MILK. - - - LAD! EA' IiENT FRI AN I, 1411111 ILI AYFINLII LII LI, OKRAS as AI. LAWN; ITI PIDIALB 111101(IIIII. Post LAVIIS P.. LAW. "111111n0411," Is at . P.O Fr. A/6 LAMAS RAPIOIT MIDIOYSIS ORATBUC• .1. LADIRS TIMIS, NoWIIVIIII P. LAW RI oBsTINATR. Ine. LADI MI LAIIIIkI Tun lot, P.m r Rembni. I-1 /6 lADIRS 'lb/ m, ..... 'Ow robin. • posnl. Pint LADIKS I m.. 1 over lading roused, Int F.". LADDIS inl Wit... r.....,...4 Apesalll 4/6 LIIIIISS rem... an ..0......• an In. LADIKS tiler.... ronsnOly In dolacolt us 4 P. La DI lb long wan.. g sore . newer IMO to P. 1.401118 bars tbe"esl.l elbet. LAVIN. 11,11.1 Cturb-st.,llmbraul 4/1i LADIBB Dem 'E.o.m. P. lADIlts &HUI. I bud anlstuld tabled P. LdoIM .ms IndO• I " OVlliodho .. -It . best A/6 LADINS It.. dm). d ell. alter LAO. semis 44. LAD IS .4 worry and ansloty I will al- MK LAD.IIIS woo. highly ...newt It bony Sten LADIRS 1... ss an 111.1CILLKIIT 111mourt LADIIIS Inr whlan I ...A tbaob you 4/6 13 1)111 onongb rnst ,LAI.I. Tows ounecoulls F.. , LdDIRS Arc I. 4/6 I IADIMI Address In Amadeu.. LADIMI THII LILLY HISIDIAL P.O , LADIMI BOUM)! CO LADIES (A DI. COLSTO .rumer, iiiii , LADIRS BRISTOL. I.A.IRA Handy Illustmlnd Spe..l/ , 11..1.1e. Free ad. ma.

,iSl7;:::.° A IP itles and obstruction.. • remedy sobleb emder the most trying 1E *lemmata..s and In the must dillleoll and OBSTINATE LAsES NEVER FAILS t 90 AFFORD RELIEF. generally In a few hours. No can hopeless. FAILURE IS SIMPLY lIIPO,IBLE, as Mrs. m I Snow, of Denmark KUL Camber- well. writes: -By adopting your treatment •nelety and misery was akar In • few hours, although for over I F three months I had been d•liy taking pills and other thing. In 0 vain. Hal? the quantity you sent g. J',77 .1d " ""`" D A SWOHN GUARANTEE len-fl elosed with all lastlnkkilisis •nd medlcine hien is traolyenalywas r one oottle •t 4.y. ed it,' et. ...ally etiMelent Po for I ES an y eatie. IMPORTANT WARNING Tins A rnarrellous pa Ito, HAS THE LARGEST SALE OP ANY FEMALE MEDICINE IN THE WORLD • sue- Al toss whleved by NERIT ALONE. It I. toC grIA ACTION. and readers are LAU- A MANED whist worthless and laturious InUtattona. Conclusive proof gladly (A-warded to any lady on receipt of addre.•ed A 5. nnvelope ;trials and paw. free. It will coy, you siothlng nod SUCCESS BEING GUMIAN fl El, • 0 It may save you from Sof nnwry and bitter tillseptsutni.- tarot. WEITZ TO-DAY mivately to— MrL M., 146 STOCKWELL ROAD, A LOW DOW. W.W. GOOD MIMS FOR L • LADY. Ito Demob. of • Ye mmersti !byelaw ein se i Wool S Ourear.l f•Ai portioning.* lon r•-erol el • eninigert nineteen nivel*/ or • 9,...••• on,. in nil forms .4 inericrlariCra. nu met or Caw nr lune si stirring. Trap remorse mosso no pus, Nowm. ie.. r•lSin •balwer MADAME W. A. I)OLAILAY, 127, GAISYORD •_ REET, LONDON, NW. --- a POIIITIAN CORN GU•RONTRID Moen I - 6.1 WI 9 re.. oil Tueotey 0,05 Thursday. or by BUY LPL K EY'S BOOT PROTECTORS . • AVOID FRAUDS - •

W0mF"...3 A I L611,17%4. DisOL•111 tilt I. I • lad?. Irving Ult., Oi into ovary advertised reonols, /.•• ▪ nol ...IVA. • • i•BOID no. ••••• •111 leo v.. Woos. no natl., how et, born tn. ewe Boos 044 7v"...1':.'`..r.:M.1.,`,.;;V:-,:,7*,;;;;" """"" ""tr.4 ▪ toproor nostrums ow. as • h .111.1 m .ad VIM r. CI I 46 Sa IMMO. 9.14/ 4, C46earv-16.. 14•116••
