===== 0002601_19020808_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESSING CASES, OR HIGH-CLASS BRUSHES, FROM 13ERESFORD'S, 77, CHUB CH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
cat, .11kt, xa. * ''' ~v .

ONE PENNY,

FIIDY,.A.ILIOUS LI 8, 1902._

By pos, }I 736c1 per Quarter. 6s 6d per ratura is gd per Quarter cred.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1217.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municipal Offices, Warrington.

T. CLARKO, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY marl FANCY GOODS, PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES, go to the above address. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING RINGS.

GUINEA GCLD

WEDDING RINGS.

(postage Tr -

Firat-class and Saloon lfis 6d Third class and Saloon 14s Od Third-elass and Fore Cabin 10s Oct The journey may be broken at Grange Efivarstone (Mr the Lakes),Furness Abbey or Barrow. 111PO'iTANT KOTICB.— The magnificent new express steam .• DUOLIRSS OF DEVON6I-111319 "is now on the service. Tourist Note Book Poet Frea, 3d. —JAMBS LITTLB & CO.. Barrow.

AATHITJI STAR LINE • A'NN, L.l Aft\ T T ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Qoeenotown. WEDNESDAY SERVICE, • FRIDAY SERVICE. OCEANIC ...Wed.. Aug. 13 CELTIC Fri., Aug. 22 MAJESTIC ...Wed.. Aug. 20 CYMRIC Fri , Sept. 6 GERMANIC Wed., Aug. 7 CELTIC Fri. bept. 19 TEUTONIC Sept, 3 CYMRIC Fri., Oct. 31 Third Claim passange at low rates Including Outflt free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphm. or Baltimore. Apply to If MAY. Wax, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cookepur street, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall Street, London, 8.C..

===== 0002601_19020808_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
A. AND J. MTAINE,

PAN,ISI-BROKERS.—J-EWiLiEES, AND SILVEBSBIsTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-si met, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates cet Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND MYER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament., Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. • A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY. Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Melts, Pictures, As.. Ac., always on tale. We are now offering some Special BAR9AINS In DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, Ac. Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY I-051 RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

JEWELLERY RRPAlligTilier—ailene and Monntinqs ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains.

A -Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, &a. GOLD and SILVER WATGEBS. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets.

MIAINIrs RICHMOND fREET, LIVERPOOL.

FRANK ziIiCiGHT SPORTING AGENCY MIDDHLBCRG. HOLLAND. CBSAREWITCH and CAMBRIDGE CUP, ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market changes, 8 WAITELFOR MY GREAT ST. LEGER CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

Obutatu3n.

U SO ROM, SO UTH PORT.-6. most sucoessful V Boarding School for Boys.—T. Iforeawoon. 11.a.,LL.D.

NIIWTON-LB - WILLOWEL—RIBXFIRLD BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on applica- tion to principals.

WILSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Comfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Blanchester references. Through trains.

T • Cy. _P AT gP. SON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A SPECIAL OFFER ON IRE CORONATION DERBY. £l.OOO TO 2e. 613. Ex PENS ES TO LONDON AND BACK AND FREE SEATS TO VIEW THE CORONATION PROCESSION. SEE THE "TURF REGISTER," SENT POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSULTATION FREE. TEL. 7892.

MR. W. JONES,

DENTAL SURGEON, (late of 13 Parker Street) NEW ADDRESS, THE ARCADE 85, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRI7A DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments). unnecessary 1 but may arranged_ . TEETH All consultations free, TEETH. Binh patient Inforrr xl beforehand of work required. TH TEE • Gold and other dllings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Rxtractlon as hitherto by the of Nitrous (nada. TEETH. Maker to Demurs of 10,000 weekly. lixors, of the late , 1 1 J. H. PARKINS I

(DENTIN' BY BLOC) -

MANCHRSTER-...-46, MOSLEY-STESE r - (Telephone MO),

MR. ATADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS --. -_GEORGE-STREIIT MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.rn. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WA.REINGTON ............3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCOBN THTIRS.DA y.

NORTHIVICEI_ 18. APPLE VA RKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

A DELICACY FOR AFTERNOON TEA. BALMORAL WAFERS COOL AND REFRIISHINEL MANUFACTURED ONLY BY CARR AND CO., LTD.. BISCUIT MANUFACTURERS, CARLISLE. ROYAL APPOINTMENT, 1841. To be had of all farocers. Dainty baniple Tin sent post free, 3d. Kindly mention this paper.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
litonep.

£150,000 oAnT ;dm° rmt gat peoir captostiot Doer Advanced rims to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.-4 W READER. 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182

BEITABLIMED 1875. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced ois NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS, No PRELIKINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. ICING-STREET , ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STREET. CHESTER.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. £1 MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN', and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND 110NOURADT 11 DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT ON THE CENTRAL BT.LTIoN. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Eetablisbed at this Address Twenty Years.

THE WIDNES INVESTADINT AND .BANKIA tot COMPANY. LIMITED. 68. VICTuhIA-HOAD WIDNES, ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COM- PANIES' ACT 3 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,0e0, LOANS OP £5 TO £,570 are rnaele from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount requited, and the position of the applmant. Al., upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Scrip, Policies of Assurance, dm, FOrt FURTHER PARLICULARS APPLY TO THR MANAGER

BY LIPBCIAL AUT uF PARLIA-1511iNI. MR. W OOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Lloensed by the Board of Trade to Adraue Cash in Bums from

X 5 TO X5OO To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers., and all others ; euy distance ; to be reoaid by easy payments to suit borrowers' convenience. Having done business in this district for 10 years. which is ample proof of the honourable way my business Is conducted. Call or write for prospectus. which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving the trouble of a j nirney. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments a may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He bas consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received P./ANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND `MANES from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE. PAyNE, ACCOUNTANTi

COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHRSTER

SINACTIVALEs. TAR SPECIFIC No. 3 FOR INACTIVE OR SLUGGISH MALES ENSUREs FEIITILS EGGS, STAR NOIs-MOIsTuRE INCUBATORS HATCH every fertile eet/. STAR BROODERS rear every chick. No added moisture. self supplying lamp if wikhed. STAR POUL'.CRY FOODS, the best and easiest to use. No waste. STAR SPECIFICS; CURB all diseases. One disease, one Cure,

Send for full descriptive ottalogue and learn how to MARE YOUR POULTRY RAY. HE STAR AGENCY LTD., 10, DUKE STREET. ADELPfiI. LONDON.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS

DR, DAVIS'S

FAMOUS PILLS. HAVB RAJ A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION' &S &

BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Anternia, Debility, Depression. Weakness, and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Store. everywhere. Boxes 9/cl, Is lid, as 9d. 4s 6d, mid us, or under cover from the Propriet3r : 309, POBTOBBLLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYi ITSE 1/( )Uti-A_141:8 PATENT Sill F-111SING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST THE ,EXAMINER FRIW V AUGUST 8 1902

[ALL RIGLITS RESERVED.]

TWO PARTAFIS

A TALE, Br

FERDINAND VON SAAR.

PART IL.

When Tertschka and George reached the cottage, the others were crowding round the fire, eating out of half-broken basins. The foreman was standing near, his sleeves turned up and an apron tied round his waist. He was just beginning to carve a huge piece of meat, the smell of which was tickling the appetites of those who had entered. George heaved an involuntary sigh. The others looked eagerly at the meat. One after another they went for their portions, which they then proceeded to devour without the ceremony of knife or fork. Some of the men laid down money for the meat, but in most cases the foreman made a sign in a little book. George, having got a basin from Tertschka, now approached the fire with it. The foreman looked at him in surprise. At last he seemed to remember him.

"Aha, the manikin of yesterday. Well, what have you been doing?"

" greaking Abonee-." "And now you want to eat—and what do you want to eat ?"

"Give me some gruel and potatoes, please." The foreman put into George's basin what he asked for, and took the coin which was tendered. "A slice of meat, too, I warrant ? " he then added. This was a trying temptation indeed to the poor fellow. But, remembering Tertschka's advice, he replied, just as the foreman was beginning to carve, "No, I don't want any meat." , "What, are you a miser 1 You look half starved; you should want to get something sub- stantial into your stomach." "He has the fever, the fat of the meat would harm him," interposed Terts:dika, stepping forward. She felt it necessary to support George against the foreman's threatened brutality. "Hold your tongue," shouted he. "How do you know what will harm him and what not? Don't interfere with what doesn't concern you." Then, turning to George: "Well, do you or do you not want any meat?" These words scunded like a command not to refuse the tempting dish. Shy as he was, George gathered up all his courage and said: "She's right, I ought not to eat any." " Very well," the foreman cried, angrily, throwing down his knife, "I shan't beg of you, that's certain." And as George didn't move away, he asked, "What are you waiting for ? " "For the change." "You, perhaps, thought I meant to keep those shabby pennies of yours," said the foreman, as he contemptuously flung over the coins and turned away. George, the basin in one hand, picked the money up with the other, and sitting down in a remote corner, ate up his scanty meal, already half cold with the delay. Occupied thus, he saw the- fore- Man bring out a greenish sort of flask and pour brandy out of it into a little glass for those who asked for it. Emptied and then refilled, it made its round from mouth to mouth, but remembering Tertschka's advice he looked forward to the evening for that good fare. Tertschka had been making a rather scanty dinner, and at her stepfather's command was now preparing to clean up. The others went yawning to the shady side of the cottage to sleep through the hour of rest. The foreman snatched from the fire a little frying pan, on which was a roasted chicken, and together with a bottle of wine he placed it on a little table -standing near. While preparing comfortably to set about his meal, his eye chanced to fall upon George, who, with his dish on his knees, was considering whether he ought not to help Tertschka to clean the dishes. A vague fear of the brutal man held kim back, however, from doing it. "Why are you sitting there, staring. Get away to the rest. I don't want a spy here, to frighten away the food from my mouth;" George, startled out of his meditation, stole away to stretch himself down on the Sunny ground, as there was no room left in the shade. Soon after the foreman's bell rang again to summon the labourers back to their work'. He himself retired to his room, there to indulge in a sleep. Giving a final stretch to their limbs, the men got up from the ground, reluctantly obeying the summons. Some of them, however, merely turned over and slept on. George and Tertschka went together down to the stone pit and worked hard till night came on. The following days were spent much in the same way. George's strength was rising. The bitterest of misery was past, and the vivifying air of the mountains seemed to operate on his frame. He swung his hammer stoutly, telling his poor com- panion all kinds of things out of his soldier's life. True, these neither comprised adventurous frolics nor deeds of daring soldiership. But, considering the shyness of his disposition, and cast, as he always was, upon his own resources, he could not possibly have become acquainted with the sunny side of his profession, which to many a one reveals all the pleasantness of existence. He was only able to tell of his sufferings during the years he was a recruit, which the relentless treatment of his sergeant had made a very hell to him, of endless sentry-standing in the snow, difficult marches, nightly campaigns in rain and storm, and, above all, of the Siege of Venice. Camping before the fortress of Malgera with his regiment, hundreds and hundreds, he assured her, had been snatched off in the loathsome air of the marshes, by typhus fever or cholera.

Tertschka listened in silence. Many things she did not comprehend at all, others only partially. What he told was so strange, so remote from the things she knew of. She could not fancy a city erected in the midst of the waters. The word "sea" implied to her imagination nothing more than a shining and indistinct little cloud. But she guessed from all this that George had gone through misery all his life long. She in her turn told him -what sad recollections she possessed of her mono- tonous and dreary life. So, unconsciously, they found comfort in each other. It was an enjoyment every morning to go down together to where they were working with their hamin era on their shoulders, thus to spend the sunny days in company. It often happened that the sound of the dinner bell ringing broke in upon their melancholy yet dear happiness with a sudden surprise. Down they went to mix with the others in the cottage. Their silent resig- nation and their very misery had united them even more closely than the plentifulness of life and its raptures ever could do. Maybe the foreman had heard of this intimacy through the mischievous reports of their fellow- workmen; or had the evil instincts of his nature made him guess more than the truth? One day he unexpectedly came up behind them. "Why are you cowering here like a couple of toads?" he shouted. They looked up terrified. "Off with you, you wretch, away with you to your comrades—there's your place." And with a gesture of command he pointed in the direction of the stone pit. "And you, you hypocrite," he cried to Tertschka, whilst George, speechless with terror and bewilderment, was obeying his orders, "I really believe you were keeping company with yon miserable cripple ! I'll teach you to stop that off, that's certain. If I find you together again, I'll whip the jackass off for good, and as for yourself, you shan't see daylight any more." Thus, unexpectedly and without pity, were they separated. On the following morning George was down near the railroad doing his work, and when at noon and in the evening they met in the cottage, they didn't dare to look at each other, far less-to exchange a single word. The foreman kept his eyes close upon them, and the others seemed to watch them too with sullen mischievousness. One night, it was Saturday, the foreman, together with -some of his fellow-drinkers, went to a public-ho in a neighbouring town. Those who. remained behind were amusing themselves—as was usually the case after wages had been paid—by playing at cards, and these, which were in a filthy state, were making their rounds amongst them. The scene growing noisy and dissolute, George took courage and stole over to Tertschka. She was sitting on her old chest in the corner where she ordinarily slept, with her head resting in her hand. "Tertschka," he said, in a whisper, pulling a small leather purse out of his pocket, "here's the last of what I owe you," and he carefully com- menced to lay some money in her lap. "Don't," she said, "I'm sure you'll want it some day." "What should I want it for," he replied, des- pondingly, "there is no joy left for me on earth since I can't work with you any longer." "Nor to me, either," she answered, in a whisper. "Why has he separated us, I wonder,..” he said, after a pause. "It would be all the same to him if we were sitting together or not, provided we were doing our duty." She dsopped her eyes. "He's a bad man," she said, at last, "who cannot bear to see others happy. His hawinese consists in taking from

others what is aearest to them. That's also the reason why he won't let me go to church. Aiad I cannot pray unless I am kneeling before an Om'. To be sure he knows no God,. and he-used to scold poor mother, who would not miss her Sunday's mass, to which she always took me along with her. But to-morrow I am detee:%ined to go down to Scholtevrein, let him do *lot he may. I won't become quite such a heathen as these people, who think of nothing but drinking and playing cards." She got up, opened the chest she had been sitting upon and drew out of it a woollen jacket, a cotton frock, and a pair of heavy shoes. George looked attentively at what was going on. "I, too, have not been to church for a long time; how nice it would be to go there with you to-morrow 1" "It would be very nice, but it can't be." "But the foreman might not notice it after all. We would each set out alone, and could meet some- where further down.". She reflected a little. "You are right, that would do. But you must start long before me. There's a secret path leading down into the valley on the left side of the cottage ; a wooden cross lies blow; we might meet tare. But do go now," she insisted, anxiously, "lest the others notice our talking together." He complied with her request. Lying on his hard couch, with the noise and disputes of the players in his ears, he cheerfully thought of the next day's pleasures, and soon fell asleep. On the following morning a limpid sun made the earth sparkle allover with glee. George descended the steep footpath Tertschica had told him of. He was looking out for the wooden cross below in the valley. At last he found it, half rotten, and hidden among the shoots of the' young pine trees. It was early in the morning. He sat down on a moss- grown stone, just like an alLar step, at the foot of the cross. The Sabbath's holy silence was all around him; the very bees about the numberless gentians, whose dark blue calyxes were opening, appeared to refrain from buzzing ; George, too, was silent, breathing in, as it were, the surrounding stillness.- It seemed to him as if he heard a low but solemn ringing of bells. By and bye impatience seized him. .He rose and paced to and fro, now and then plucking the white or yellow flowers which abounded. "I'll give them to Tertschka when she comes," he said to himself, seeing with some surprise the nosegay he had been gathering. He plucked a long tern and fastened it to his cap, where, swinging to and fro, it looked like a feather. At length he perceived the fluttering of a womans' gown on the height above, and before long Tertschka was at his side. "Here lam !" she said, taking breath. "He has for once let me go without saying much." George stood looking at her. She wore no ker- chief to-day; her smooth hair lay simply parted over her forehead • the dark jacket, somewhat too loose, and the light coloured frock, bah suited her very well. "How nice you are 100 g to-day," he said, at last. She blushed, and let her eyes fall. "All these things were my mother's," she said, smoothing her frock. "I seldom wear them, so they keep fresh." "Will you take these flowers? I gathered them for you." He took the nosegay he till now had been half hiding behind his back, and prepared to fasten it to her breast. It was too big, however, so she kept it. in her hand, round the fingers of which she had twisted her chaplet. Then they went on walking at each other's side through green meadows and small fields, the corn in which was cut already, and in stook. At last they reached Scholtevrein. There all was bustle, for the churches were open. The little town was thronged with vehicles and people in Sunday dress. Before the church wooden booths were erected, in which were to be got all sorts of wonderful things, laid out in motley array: kerchiefs, pipes, knives, beads of glass and wax, all kinds of china, ginger- bread, and children's toys. They stopped to admire all this finery. Then George wanted to buy a pipe. He used to smoke when in the army, -but later, when things had gone against him, he had been obliged to give it up. Now, with enough to live on, not indulging in either wine or cards, he thought he could afford to resume the old luxury. He told Tertschka of his intention, which she approved, and whilst he made his purchase, she went slowly on, after having told George, that as the Scholtervrein church was crowded, she would go about a mile and a half to a lonely little church which she already knew, and there await him. It was Our Lady's Guard at the foot of the Souvend- stein.

George broke through a crowd of holiday makers and customers, and bought a nice pipe with coloured tassels on it. His eyes then chanced to lighten on a glittering necklace of yellow golden beads, and he pictured to himself how nice it would look on Tertschka's neck. The price asked for it not being high, he had the irinket wrapped iin paper and put it n his pocket. The few coppers given in change he spent on a piece of gingerbread, after which he slipped quickly. into one of the booths to procure some tobacco, and then hastened off with his treasures to rejoin Tertschka. He showed her his pipe which she liked; he then quickly added, giving her the gingerbread "and that's for you." It was adorned with a picture representing a little heart pierced through by an arrow, the whole framed by a wreath of flowers. With a grateful smile Tertschka silently contem. plated it, sliding it in between the flowers and her chaplet. I have got something more for you," he said, after a pause, slowly drawing out of his pocket the little parcel, as he did so allowing the beads tc glitter through the unfolded paper. She glanced at them.

"Why have you spent so much money on me ? " she said, her face glowing with happy surprise and the purest joy. "There is nothing I would not part with for you," he said, with feeling. "You must put it on at once—it will suit you beautifully." Whilst she tried to put on the necklace, Tert- tichka asked George to hold what she had in hex hand. But the netklace fastening behind, she did not immediately succeed in her efforts. "Let me do it for you," he said, returning hex things to her, and softly lifting up her brown braids he made the ends of the clasp meet. "Done," he said, looking at her with a sem tinizing, contented eye. They afterwards walked on cheerfully as far as the little church, which they law peeping out of the surrounding trees. There were few people about. A sulky-looking old priest had just ascended the altar steps, and was beginning to say mass with an air of perfect indifference. Tertschka knelt down in the last row of pews. She laid down the nosegay and the " heart ' and folded her hands. A strati cte feeling seized upon George as he stood behind his companion in this great vault. A soft light broke in through the high yet narrow windows. He heard the murmuring of the priest, the tolling of the bell, and his heart was quivering with inexpressible emotion. Yet h€ could not pray. He looked fixedly at Tertschka, who knelt before him with bent head, her lips slightly moving. Mass was soon over, the priest gave the benediction, and everyone passed out of the church. Tertschka alone remained. At last she crossed herself, and rising up, walked to the door with George where the verger was inapatiently rattling his keys. Out of doors the golden sun was shining, and not far from the Church a COM- fortable inn most invitingly stood underneath some giant trees.

"Do you want to return home already ? " asked George, noticing that Tertschka was silently taking the road which led to the town.

"Where else can I go?" she replied, looking up at him.

"There's an inn further on; I think we might allow ourselves some little comfort to-day. Who knows if we shall ever be together again?" " I will stay if you wish it,' she said, pensively. "The foreman will no doubt scold us if we are late. Yet you are right—who can tell if we shall ever walk together again?" They accordingly went up to the inn, which stood at the top of a slight hill. A gigantic beech overshadowed a row of clumsy tables and benches. But nobody was sitting there; everything was hushed and silent. Indoors, however, the people seemed very busy.- The landlord at last looked out of one of the windows. The sleeves of his shirt were of snowy whiteness, a green velvet cap covered his head. He came out at last, looking surprised at being summoned by such strange-looking guests. At George's request he brought them wine in a large glass with handles to it, and bread and meat. Putting all this on the table before them, he asked them to pay at once what they owed, and then hastened back to the house. George pushed over the plate to Tertselika, who carved the meat into small portions. They divided the bread into two parts and set about their common meal. The landlord having provided for one person only, Tertschka made the knife serve her a, a fork. They sipped their wine, by turns, out of the same glass. At last, having done their meal, George lit his pipe, and sat down to enjoy the sight a the blue smoke curling up into the sunlit air. " Look Tertschka," he said, "we would not even have dreamt yesterday that we should be sittitm so cosilv to:lether to-day."

"No, indeed," she sait, "I never could have hoped for it." i , Noon was dr4Wing 00, dby and by 4 merry: xit 'sotind'e were to be heard , a dititance, _ The landlord hastened out. " Tli ride and briktgi °ore are coming," he said to the servants' who ''ere following "and the tables are not set. Be quick - and get them done I." - ' His orders were executed instantly, for there was no time to be lost. Accompanied by the youngsters of the village a stately procession came into eight. Headed by a few musicians were a young couple, their kinsfolk after them, and last of all a whole troop of curious onlookers. The tables were soon taken possession of, and now revelling, drinking and rejoicing were the orde; of the day. The musicians had brought their violins with them, and they set about fiddling with so much energy as almost to take away their breath. strange and varying Were the thoughts which stole over George and Tertschka. At first they looked at the motley crowd- with amazement, Tertschka not being able to keep her eyes off the bride. This lady looked smart enough, there was no question, for being, the daughter of. a rich peasant, she wore a velvet bodice which.made her slender form look* to advantage. A gold chain was twined five or six times round her neck. Her light hair hung down her back in' two long plaits. The wreath of roses on her -head formed a little crown over her somewhat proudish, severe-looking features. The bridegroom was a manly young fellow. Contrary to the habits of his race a dark slender moustache adorned his 'upper lip. His smart hunting cap, which bore a feather and a chamois beard, was quite worthy of George's ad- miration. But by and by an anxious oppressive feeling overcame both of them as they stood amidst the wedding throng, some of whom began examin- ing them with no look of kindness, and appeared. to be thinking "What are those two doing here?" . ~ .. . ..

"Do come‘f Let us go," said Tertschka' at last, "we are no fit company for these. Let us sit down yonder, near the wood; we can look at everything from there, and shall also be able to hear the music."

•George agreed, and they went to the dark pine trees and the sparkling meadow edging it. There they sat down, listening to the soft tunes which the breeze carried over to them. Suddenly, all became silent. They saw the crowd rise from the benches and form a semi-circle. Immediately after the violins were once more heard.

"It's the bride and bridegioom dancing," whispered Tertschka. And so it was, In mea- sured time and with graceful turnings the slender figures were seen to move over the grass. How happily they dance," Tertschka con- tinued, unconsciously leaning on George's shoulder for a better glimpse. "They are indeed happy," he said, but without looking, as if he were speaking,in a dream.' If only we, too, could marry some day or other !" "Go to," she said, bashfully, plucking some flowers at her feet. " Thesi," he went on, for the first time calling her by her name, hi 3 trembling hand bashfully reaching round her waist, " Thesi. I love you so much." .10i.umg, but in her eyes, when she lifted them up to• look at him, he, could read a promise of bliss. And when from the distance the music grew still louder, and the bride and bride- groom, excited by unanimous congratulations and s furious clapping of hands, were whirling round, George drew Tertschka closely to his heart, and their lips met in a long and fervent kiss.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PART 111.

Am I, who undertook to tell you this story in all its simple truthfulness, am I now to try to describe the blessedness, which from that day forward possessed the hearts of George and Tertschka ? I think I may be spared the task, not only because no words can paint that feeling, which all at once had revealed to them the full glory, the unfathomable riches of life but also, because everyone, doubtless, has himself felt the enchantment of love, and the throbbings of his own heart will so much better enal)le him to sympathise with the happiness of those7wo lives. . . . . .

They, indeed, were obliged carefully to hide their happiness as a critninal does his crime. But so much more beautiful did it live and blossom in the deepest recesses of their hearts. Their habits of sobriety, practised their lives through, made them feel it happiness to smile at each other whenever ;they met, or stealthily to shake each other's hand. It seemedmoreover, as if the foreman's watchfulness over them by and bye grew less and less, in conse- quence of which their apprehension least he should hear of, or suspect their late excursion, more and more subsided. George even ventured, when he was obliged to fetch gravel in his wheel-barrow from above the stone pit, to join Tertschka for some minutes, and then the lovers in a long embrace forgot the whole world. It was in one such moment that heavy footsteps suddenly drew near. In terror they broke from each other. The foreman was behind, his face distorted with spite and fury. "So I've caught you at last," he shouted. "You keep disobeying me, thinking I don't notice it. Didn't I know you were strolling about together all day last Sunday, but I wanted to catch you in the very act; and now I'll make you whimper for it." On this he fell upon George from behind, flinging him some feet along the ground, with such strength as to make the sand and dust whirl about.

"Fall, you gallow's dish," he said, "get your bundle and off with you. If ever I chance to see your face again I'll beat your flesh off your bones." Then he shoved George who with difficulty had risen, towards his wheelbarrow, and menacingly clenching his fist at him, pushed him down the hill. He then turned to Tertschka. At first he merely eyed her over with a provoking and cruel look, then he said at last: " tell you what I think later, you good-for-nothing impudent wench," and murmuring indistinct words to himsell he stalked away. . . .

Bewildered and nearly out of his senses, George reached his fellow workers. He mechanically turned over the contents of his wheelbarrow, and then sitting down on some atones he vacantly stared in front of him. The morning sky had beer slightly clouded; now it had grown into a sulky greyish day. An autumnal breeze was softly stirring the tops of the trees, and a slight frosty rain was drizzling down. But George did not feel the drops which beat upon his face. Fiery sparks were dancing before his eyes, and a hot perspire. tion crept over his weak frame. By and by a con• scionsness of the injury dealt him grew mighty in his soul and mixed with a burning feeling of the wrong contemplated to himself and Tertschka. He was to be driven away, and they, she and he, to be torn asunder—they so indissolubly united. Who had a right to do this? No one! The more he—till now so timid and resigned—reflected upon it, the more his soul rebelled against such a thing. A sublime power, a holy courage sprang up in his bosom. He would stand up against any power on earth which dared such oppression! His plain features began to assume {ln expression of steadfastness and energy, and his eyes to sparkle with unmixed delight. . . . . .

At last he rose, and to the astonishment of his comrades he rejoined Tertschka, who sat apart, crying. "Do not cry, Thesi," he said, in a deter- mined yet sympathetic voice. She did not answer. He softly lifted up her head. She sobbed on with more violence. "Don't cry," he repeated, "you can't help things happening, but it's for our good, for now I know what I must do." She bent her head. "He has driven me off, and you must go with me." It was if she did not hear him.

"Down yonder in Krain a railway is building," he continued, "we shall find employment there." She slowly shook her head. "You. Won't? Then there's one more thing I could do. I have been told that soldiers who are not fit for active service any longer, may claim a watchman's position. I shall have a petition written for me; maybe I have a chance; and we could get one of the little houses below, and go and live there. And if we can't do that at once,' he added quickly, seeing that Tertschka gave no sign of approval, but only sobbed more violently, "we must put it off. We could work steadily on, and put by all the time as much as possible. But why don't you speak, Thesi ?"- " Good God," she sorrowfully said, " what you propose is good and well-meaning. But you forget that the foreman won't let me go away.' "He must, you are a child no longer. And what has he to do with you? You are like every one else and can go or stay as you please." "Believe me, he won't let me go—still less with, you. I have always kept it from you," she went on after a pause, a burning red spreading over her face, "but now I will tell you all. Even while my poor mother was living, the foreman often wanted to make love to me, but I kept out of his way, and said I would tell my mother. Last summer, one night when he was coming back from the inn, he began again, and said he meant to marry me. I would not hear of it, and he tried to use violence. But I zot the better of him. and

told him my opinion at him. rrom teat TTIVI 4a ,p ards he has thoroughly hated me, and trisa ,t ' rm me as much as he can." , '•'_;:P rge had turned Pale "tri;‘ his very lips, and hia breast was heaving with emotion; , :"The wretch! ' he hissed out at last. "And . you to stay any, longer with him? Not for all the world, now that I know .aIL 'about it. You'll 'go with me; let him hinder it if he can." "Don't trust him, George • if he thinks you AA weaker than himself, he vOll try to kill you." "I'm not afraid of him," replied George, his small frame seeming to 'wax far above its usual height. "He surprised me from behind, finding 4,unpr!pared....Let,him-try it Again." . . . . . .

1‘ God God!" she cried, wringing her hands, "I could not bear to see you fighting with him." "Nay, it would never qpine to that," he cried, subduing his agitation. Let me go over to him this very moment, and tell him quietly what we have decided to do. You'll see hp will find nothing to say against it. Perverse as he is, and a rascal, he must yet acknowledge that he has neither right or power to detain you." . - • But Tertschka still continued wringing her hands. "Cheer up," he said, encouragingly, "would you let me to go off alone?" She threw herself into his arms, and'elung fast to his neck. , "Let's be going now,' l he said, smoothing her hair. They then slowly /vailed, towards the cot- tage, she full of apprehension of what might happen, he courageous a d hopeful. Passing the. threshold they found tle foreman sitting at a table, occupied with pee g potatoes. He looked at them, somewhat perplexed, • but his surprise immediately turn to rage pnd fury. "What do you want here ?" he shouted, half rising from his seat, and resting the handle of his knife on the table before him as if preparing to fight. "You have given me warning to leave," George said in a quiet tone, "I have come to fetch my things and to tell you that Tertschka is going with me." •

The foreman seemed on the point of rushing upon him, but involuntarily felt intimidated by the quiet yet resolute aspect of George, who stood boldly before him. "I won't answer you," he at last muttered between his teeth. "You need not; Tertschka is free to do as she likes."

The foreman was gasping for breath. "Take what is yours, Thesi," George continued, turning round for his bag, "and then let's be going. ' The foreman's breast was heaving violently. He seemed not to know what to do. But irresolute as he felt, he yet cast a look of hatred at Tertschka who could not hide her terror: She made towards her chest, and then the foreman, rushing upon her, pushed her down into the cellar, the door of which was standing half open. Then he closed it, and put the key into his pocket. "There is my answer," he stammered out, his limbs shaking with agitation. He then sat down at the table, and with an attempt at indifference continued his former occupation. All this had happened so suddenly, s unexpectedly, that George could not possibly have hindered it. He kept his countenance though. Hanging his bag over his shoulder, without any signs of haste, he with slow steps, went up to the foreman. - "Let Tertschka come out," he said quietly. The foreman went on peeling his potatoes. "Let her come out."

The foreman's hand was seen to shake, and when George a third time and still more firmly reiterated his demand, he sprang up, and shaking his fist, shouted :

"Be gone instantly, or else—" "What else ? " George answered, composedly. "I fear you not, though you are stronger than L I was afraid once, but now I shall deal you blow for blow."

The face of the foreman presented an awful sight. Hatred, revenge and cowardice alternately passed over it. He was gasping for breath, and his hands were clutching the air. George saw all this, and grew bolder and bolder.

"-I there—fore advise you to give me what is mine ;" said George, "if not I shall take it by force." At this moment some men entered the cottage. Noon was drawing on. But it was not for this reason only that they had come, they anticipated a " scene, ' with an instinctive feeling that such an occurrence might some day befall them, too. Their presence stimulated the foreman; he felt reassured. His cowardice, of which he felt himself conscious with inward fury, and which he feared would be remarked, turhed into impudent daring. "Do you hear ? " he roared out, addressing the bystanders; "the wretch dares to threaten me because I shut up that wench of his, to hinder her from running off with-. him." "Do not insult us!" cried George, whose blood involuntary began to rise. "We are honest people, and you have no right to shut her up." "I have/a right with that wench; I have cared for her since she was a child."

"So much the more pity!" said George. "I won't say any more, as I want to spare you before these," he said, pointing to the men, who with visible relish were contemplating the coming quarrel. _

"Hear the dog; he to spare me Upon him, and throw him out." They looked at each other irresolutely, yet they did not move. A loud groaning was heard from the cellar.

"You— see," George went on with increasing emotion, "none of them thinks of touching me. I tell you for the last time: let Tertschka out: 11 you don't, two strokes ot my hammer and the door tails to shivers."

"So you thief, you robber, you want to force the door, do you? Out with you, or I will have the police called in." "They're welcome," cried George, firing up, "it will be seen, then, who is right. They'll learn, too, why you are shutting the girl up. Then it will come to light how you've misused her ever since her childhood; how infamously, you've acted towards her; how you've held back her earnings, the little inheritance of her dead mother whose death is on your conscience. Then they'll get to know how badly you are treating the weak and defenceless up here, and how you are feeding upon the earnings of the poor confided to your. care." George involuntarily stopped. The weight and truth of these accusations had made the measure full with the foreman. He lost all self-control. His face was now of a blueish,\death-like paleness. Roaring like a .wounded bull, with his mouth foaming, his eyes starting out of their sockets, he rushed upon George, swinging his knife high in the air. George, having seked his hammer, raised it against the foreman. A hollow sound was heard. The foreman was hit on the breast. He tottered; dark blood gushed out of his mouth, and with a rattling in his throat, he tumbled to the ground. A dead silence ensued for a moment, and a great terror seized upon all present. But George was like David standing by the corpse of Goliath. " Thesi ! Thesi !" he now called, bursting open the door, "come out ! come out! you are free, our tormentor is defeated."

"Merciful Go!" she cried out, looking at the figure which lay near the door. "He's dead !" she went on, wringing her hands. "Oh, George, now they will take you before the magistrates on a charge of murder." "They may, I shall defend the deed. Those here will bear me witness that I did what I did in self-defence—he was about to till me with his knife. Go," he said, addressing them, "and tell all the world that the workman, George Kiiber, has killed the foreman." _ .

It was some time before any of them felt inclined to go on this errand. George and Tertschka, who continued weeping, sat down before the cottage, and George, heightened in his self-esteem by the consciousness of the ,o-reatness of his deed, from time to time caressingly stroked her cheeks. At.last two detectives, together with a constable, arrived on the scene. They had everything told to them, and then talked assiduously to each other. "He must be taken to the court," said the con- stable. "He's on half-pay, and belongs to the Weiner-Neustadt district." AS George proved submissive, no fetters were made use of. The constable, turning to poor -.trembling Tertschka, tried to encourage her. "Never fear," he said, for according to what he had heard things would not turn out really badly. He even con- sented to Tertschka going with them in the con- veyance, which was to take himself and George up to Weiner-Neustadt. So they drove away, with evening coming on, and a dark night it was. The body of the foreman was brought down from the cottage, whilst a seemingly endless rain kept pouring down. A garrison jail, my gentle reader, is a prison like any other in the world, with this difference only : that those inhabiting it wear worn-out uniforms. In such a place one finds individuals possessing every physical and mental characteristic. As all of them belong to the same state, greater harmony reigns here than in any similar place. There is even a certain voluntary discipline to be met with, an acknowledgment of rank and gradation. Yet it goes without saying that such a jail is, and ever will be. a dreary, desolate Place, and, of course, poor

George coma not tees iignt-nearsea stiere. It saucy jailer, accompanied by a constable, had shut him up one night in that dark, over-filled room. As no straw couch had been prepared, he threw himself down on the floor. But he could not sleep. His exul- • tation, the strength of his confidence, had been waning away during the long drive. Now doubts were assailing and torturing him. And when, at last, a pale glimmer of light stole through the latticed window, by and by illuminating the dreary filthy walls, as well as the unpromising faces of his fellow-prisoners, the painfulness of his situation fell heavily upon his heart. He did not feel really afraid of the consequences of his deed. He had, indeed, been provoked—had been forced to fight for his very life. He did not feel exactly con- science-stricken. Yet the image of the killed man rose before his eyes, lying in his own blood, pale and motionless. His heart ached, and he deeply lamented that it had had to come to this. Day after day, week after week passed on, and George neither was summoned to appear before the court, nor did anyone take notice of him, a circum- stance which aggravated the gloom of his thoughts and feelings. He anticipated with anxiety what life henceforward would be to him. He knew nothing about Tertschka, whom he was painfully longing for. She, indeed, poor heart-stricken creature, through the protection of the good- hearted constable, had succeeded in finding shelter that dreary night, and employment, too, where a house was building. But she felt forlorn and desolate; no one would have guessed how much sa who saw her busy at her work, carrying along bricks or boards of mortar.

But at night, when her day's work was done, or on Sundays, she shyly approached the jail, and looked up at every latticed window in the hope that behind one of them she might see poor George's face. Several times she was driven away with harsh words by the sentinel. In her distress she once even ventured so far as to apply to some of the soldiers near the entrance, begging them to tell her in what part of the building George Kiiber was, as she wanted to talk to him. She was laughed at, and had filthy jokes made at her in return. At last a good-natured sergeant took pity on her and promised to find out George and tell him her wishes. But as to talking to him, that could not be allowed unless she got permission from the governor. He recommended her to go to him early in the morning, as later in the day he was never to be found at home. So next morning she got out her woollen jacket and her cotton frock, and went up to the house the sergeant had pointed out to her. There she had to wait a very long time, the person she was in search of being still in bed. It was very cold in the passage where she sat waiting. At last the gentleman made his appearance, dressed very grandly, and hastily asked what she wanted. He did not let her tell all her story, but said that a prisoner never could be spoken to; she must calm herself, the whole affair would soon blow over.

Tertschka went away but little relieved. Week after week went on and nothing was decided. To tell the truth, the governor was a young man who cared more for society than for work, especially when it was a question, of a halt-pay prisoner. Such people being of no great consequence, there was no need to be over speedy in their concerns. The poor girl, feeling her fears grow stronger day by day, once more tried her fortune with her first counsellor. He advised her to apply to the general. He was somewhat stern, yet he had helped many people. She decided to do this. Again she had to wait a long time, not on this occasion in a cold corridor, but in a comfortable anteroom, which she truly felt a benefit. Winter had set in already. At last she heard a clanking, apparently that of sabres. Some officers issued from the general's room looking rather despondent. Shortly after they had departed the door opened again and a stately gentleman with a long grey moustache looked in, and rather sharply asked her what she wanted. But, seeing that she was crying he immediately softened down: He bade her come, and sitting down himself, he silently listened to what she had to say. He then put several ques- tions, and, finally, asked her to tell him the whole story. She did this as best she could, somewhat awkwardly, but with such great simplicity, warmth, and deep feeling, that the general, who kept twisting his great moustache, seemed visibly touched. When she had done he rose from his seat, and softly laying his hand on her shoulder, told her to go home in peace. He gave her his word that the whole affair should now be got through with the shortest possible delay, and, as he hoped, to George's advantage. , Tertschka went away with a lightened.heart, her heaviest cares dispelled. The general paced the room to and fro after her exit, making his spurs jingle from time to time. At last he sent for the governor, requesting him to come immediately. Nevertheless, he had to wait some time before the young man, his face on fire, entered the room. deeply bowing...

"'Sir," said the general, "It is about a month ago that a certain George Kiiber, on half-pay, was brought here for trial." The governor instinctively put his hand to hii forehead.

"George Kiiber ? Yes, yes, it's about some homicide, I think?" . - .

"Quit'e so, and I wish the trial gone through with as quickly as possible." "Oh, of course, nothing more easy," said the other, visibly relieved; "it's a thing that happens often enough with that sort of people. The fellow has to run the gauntlet once or twice and all is done with."

" That is not my opinion, my dear sir," replied the general, "that would be but a very superficial proceeding. On the contrary, I want the affair to be looked into, as quickly as possible, it's true, but none the less with all care and circumspection. Without interfering with your sagacity as a judge, I venture to remark that in this case there are very peculiar circumstances involved." _ _

Saying which the general frowned, and the governor, knowing what that meant; bowed and left the room. He immediately repaired to his office, awl-being destitute' neither of ability nor of perspicacity, much time really did not elapse before George as well as the witnesses, with Tertschka among them, were summoned to appear. The following verdict was announced: "George Kfiber, half-pay, of the Twelfth Regiment, is found to be guilty of homicide, but understanding that he has been driven to this 'by necessity of self-defence as well as by the weight of some explanatory circum- stances, and considering his reproachless conduct in the army, the time ot enquiry. is taken as consti- tuting the time of his punishment." The magistrate could not help feeling a little ashamed at his delay when, on the following day, on bringing the general the verdict for his signature, that gentleman, after having read it through, Apped his shoulder and said: "It sometimes happens, as on this occasion, that a little negli- gence in one's duty may yet have its good conse- quences." Two days later the general summoned George and Tertschka to his presence. He silently con- templated them for a while, asked them several questions, and advised them to stay on in the town for some time longer. He would provide for them by getting them suitable employment, and they would hear from him later. They expressed their thanks in their bashful way, and went away. When left alone the general paced the room to and fro. Strange thoughts were moving him. Many years ago he had been in love with a fair girl. Because of her, he became very unhappy. True, she (lid not repulse his love—his proud and valiant young soul would certainly have borne up under that. But his purest and most sacred feel- ings had been played with and misused. This filled him with bitterness, with a somewhat nervous contempt of women in general, and he liked to make a certain boast of it. He pretended not to believe in the existence of love, which he main- taind was only to be found in romances, the fictions of the deranged brains of poets—never in reality itself. And now, after having fostered this opinion for long with something like passion, even against the protests of his own heart, and those of his friends to whom he had communicated this opinion, he unexpectedly met with its confutation in all its depth, tenderness and devotion, in these two forlorn creatures. He felt at the same time ashamed and deeply moved, a touch of envy mixing with these feelings. He resolved, however, as far as he could do so, to make these two young people happy for the rest of their lives.

In the vicinity of the Castle of Ehrenlausen, which looks down from its wood-grown eminence into a village ,of the eame name on the rushing Mur, a line of rails lies amid the green pastures and meadows, a lonely signal box standing by oral of the curves. A small field pkinted with greens and Indian corn lies behind the house, and before its door red 'naives and large-headed sunflowers are growing. In this little house, an image of peace and quiet to passersby., George and Tertschla were living about fifteen years since. They never would have -dreamt such bliss to be possible. We need not explain that it was the good general who had helped them to it. Their work is one which. by day and night, involves

ELECTRICITY v. THE STEAM

LOCOMOTIVE.

The fact, says " Fielden's Magazine," in an article dealing with the development of eiectric traction, that an electric service is always run at more frequent inter- vals, is the outward sign of an important truth. With ' the horse, the man, or the steam locomotive, the power that can be exerted is strictly limited by the ability to carry sufficient store of energy -producing material, or to provide sufficiently frequent replenishment. With electric driving, the power that can be exerted is limited only:by the ability to distribute energy in such form that it can be taken up by the locomotive in Passing, and this is only limited by the pressure that can be used in the distribution system, which is again only limited by the poasibilities of insulation, As the possibilities of insulation are increasing almost daily, It may be said that for practical purposes the possibilities of power for electtic driving are unlimited, and consequently the possibilities of the railway service of the future, so far as power is concerned, are un- limited, or merely depend upon the working out of practical details, such as have been worked out in other directions with uniform success. There can hardly he any doubt therefore that the supersession of the system of driving our railways by steam locomotives will only continue as long as it is convenient to engineers, while they make their asrangetrienta for displacing them, or as long as financial reasons dictate.

Tbs Vienna correepondent of the "Duly Telegraph " writes :—The waiters at the Trieste coffee-houses who went on strike, have resolved to recommence work en Thursday. The ancient system of tipping in Austria iS too firmly rooted, so the waiters return on the old Con- ditions of no wages and dependence on the chance of tips. The reason which finally forced them to give up the strike is that the coffee-house preoristors have engaged weitreseee.who were amply eatisfisd with tips The statute of her late Majesty Queen Victoria, which stands on Parliament Hall, (ytawa, has (the "Daily News " states) received the attention of expert thieves. When the statute was being put into position it was found that the sceptre which had been placed in the right band ef the figure and the ;buckle on the belt of the statute—which buckle by the way was intended to be symbolical ot Canada—had been stolen, rnr thieves are believed to have come from Paris, whence the status was shipped to Canada. A row Eceptr, and buckle have now been secured and been placed in posithw.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
severe responsibility. Ana witn sit that, tney nna time and opportunity to cultivate their bit of field to keep a goat .and a few cackling chickens, and also to bring up two flaxen-haired children. They enjoy comfortable evenings by themselves when they sit before the door and watch the sun sinking over their heads, and never tire of blessing the day when up upon the Semmering they first saw each other.

The past, with its mists and sorrows, rises before their mind's up to that moment when fate, heavy and crushMg as it seemed, broke down upon them —that very fate which, after all, brought to them their present happiness. And when that dreadful moment threatened to darken their actual bliss, they quickly turn to their little ones, who caress- ingly are folding their little arms around their parents' necks, and out of their wide-opened children's eyes are /aoking forth on the world, as if they never were to meet with its vicissitudes, such as are inherited from generation to generation, and will be as long as mankind lasts on our aging ear

THE END.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVAGE ASSAULT ON A POLICE. SERGEANT.

At the Runcorn Police Ceurt on Saturday. before Mr J (Weston (in the chair), and Mr E Imison,Williann Ford, alias Cross, of Widnes, was charged with having stolen a pair of trousers of the value of Rs 6d, from the shop of 9e:l-mei Dodd, pawnbroker, Princess-street, Runcorn, on Thursday. Eugene Chenery, an assistant in Mr Dodd's stop, said the prisoner came into the shop about half-part two on Thursday afternoon- He made use of bad language,and when rscpsested to leave the premises took the trousers produced. He was told to put them back and used very disgraceful language and left the shop. Witness follow- ed him and told him he would send fer the police. He thereupon threw the trousers on the ground. Det(ctive Soreeavit Gregory said he received information of what had taken pace and arrested prisoner and brought him to the police station. He charged him with stealing the trousers, and be replied " I would have stolen the shop if I could have got it in my pocket." Be was drunk at the time he was arrested. Jane Parkas, 58, Princess-street, said she raw the priscner eome out of Mr Dodd's shop. He was followed by Chenery, and threw the trousers in tile entery. Prisoner was then charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Princess-street on the same afterneen, and also with having assaulted Sergeant Gregory. Wm. James Molyeeeux, journalist, seld be was in Devonshire-square about two o'clock and saw the prisoner, who was in a beastly stare of drunketnese. About half an hour later be saw him in Prince's-street. He was then kneeling en the ground and had his cop, coat, and waistcoat off. A crowd of women and children were around him.

Sergeant Gregory said he received information about the prisoner's conduct, and went to Princesc-ztreet and saw the prisoner ia the condition described by the last witness. When the man saw him he went down an entry. Witness followed and spoke to the man, who struck him in the mouth. knocking one of his teeth out, Prisoner also caught him by the throat and was most Violent. _

Elizabeth Jonas, 39, Princess-street, said the prisoner. who was very drunk, walked into her house and out again. She fcllowed him and saw him assault the polio officer.

Elizabeth Bennison,Pidacess-street, said the prisoner also came into her house and she told him to go out. She saw the assault en be police sergeant. _

Prisoner said this was a made-up affair. The elsairraan said the evidence in the theft case was not sufficient and it would be dismissed. Prisoner would have to go to gaol for a month for the drunkenness, and at four mmths for the assault.

THE SCHOOLLBOARD AND DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS.

A Testimonial as 'Evidence.

At the Glasgow Justice of Peace Court, Mr. Bernard' Keir, residing at 55, Wynfore-street, was charged with failing to provide elementary educa-• bort for his daughter Frances. He pleadei pot guilty. Mr. Gerrard, School hoard officer, deposed that out of 203 times when the school was open the child was pre- sent only 82 times. _ _

The father : lam quite willing to give her all the education she requires. She ha l been kept from school owing to her bad health. Questioned by the Bench, the child said, "I like to go to school, sir, and my father and mother wish me to go but I was not whll."

rat,The prcsecutor : I have here a copy of a newspaper report containing an article headed "Wonderful Re- covery from S. Vitus' Dance by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." It refers to Francea Kerr, and states that the is quite well. The newspaper article • was put in. It stated that the child had been cured of St. Vitus' Dance, and a twitching of the shoulder and bead, by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. The Chairman and his trother justice read the account, which proved so clearly that Dr. Williams' pink pills bad cured the child that the p osecutor had treated the newspaper articla as evidence in this ease.

The Chairman, addressing Mr. Kerr, raid : We must impress upon you the necessity of keeping your girl at school until she i 9 fourteen years of age. But we believe thac your girl had been suffering from a nervous trouble, and we are gad to think that she is better now. Will you promise to send her regularly to school in the future ?

Mr. Kerr : Yes, your honour. The Bench inflicted a nominal fine of five elui?lings.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Forward!

Fels-Naptha soap is a forward movement in business, in home- life, in the life of the washer- woman.

FELS-VAPTHA 39 Wilsyn Strcet Londan LC

===== 0002601_19020808_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
OROWNED IN LATCHFORD LOCKS.

The Precautions for Public Safety.

A sad drowning fatality occurred at Latchford Locks about eleven o'clock on Saturday night. It appears that Thomas Ashton, a timekeeper in the employ oE Messrs Bennie and Tnompspri, contractor., who resided at 281, Tbelwall—lane, was crossing the locks when bee slipped and fell into the water. A man named Bate. who was near at the time saw him fall, and gave an alarm. In response to his shout, one of the lothiners came upon the scene with a lifebelt, but was unable to see Ashton. Sandy Woodward, a diver, was sent for, and after about two or three hours' searching succeeded in recovering the body. It transpired that Bate saw the deceased asleep by a wall near the lock. Be aroused him and told him to go home by the road. Deceased, however, tried to cross the lock, but fell into the water and was drowned.

TEIE INQUEST.

THE JURY AND THE LIGHTING OF THE LOCKS.

The inquest was conducted by Mr a C Yates, coroner, at the Dog and Dart Hotel, on TuQeiav afternoon. Mr Ntwerian, solicitor, represented the Manchester Ship Canal Company, while Captain Waring was alao present.

_ Deceased's wife stated that her husband left Eome at about five o'clock on Saturday evening, but did not ray where he was going. She did not bear of the unfortu- nate occurrence until five o'clock on Sunday morning. Questioned by the Coroner, witness said her hueband knew the locks very well. Ile had raver expressed any intention to take his life. He tcok a little drink occa- sionally. Henry Bate, Cedar-terrace, Grappenhall, said that at 10 20 on Saturday night be found the deceased lying in theeroad against a wall. He was asleep, and it war raining. He apprared to be in drink. Witness assisted him on to his feet and asked him where he lived, but he did not answer. Witness's daughter knew him. After deceased had get up, verfnesee started him home by way of the Swing Bridge, remarking: "Whatever you do don't go over those locks." His mem for saying that was that he did not think it safe for a man in drink to go over the locks in the dark. Witness watched - him up the road and saw him stop near the hig gate. Veitnesa next saw him making for the leek and ran after him. On arriving at the big gate be saw Ashtem going to the left of the little locks. He shouted and ran to the locks to stop him, but before he could reach him Ashton bad fallen into the water. Witness could not see him, and he called to the lockmen, who immediately turned on the lights and brought the grapples. Ashton did not appear again. Henry Davies, lock gateman, said that on bearing cries of distrese he switched on the electric lights at the locke. On looking into the small lock he saw deceased's hat and bubbler; on the water. No one came to the top and they started grappling straight away, but the body was not recovered until 2.30 on Sunday morning. The depth of the water was 42e feet. It was a very dark nighr.—Questioned by the Coroner, witness said deceased had a perfect right to get across the locks. 0 .. . was a public way. The intermediate gates were opeo• They had no footpath attached to them. They,eggie - expecting a yeesel. Mr Smith (foreman of the jury) observed that th& intermediate lock gates were the proper ones for the public to go over. He wanted to know whether there was not a rule that, when the intermediate gates were open, one of the officials should ba on duty t warn the , public of the danger. Witness said there was no rule to that e oct. He 1 , e added that the platform connected with the intermedi- ate gates was out of order. Captain Waring had told ' them to keep a lookout, and if anyone wanted guiding over the locks they would do 97. Teey were not sup- posed to stand on the way all the time, The Coroner, in summing up, said a little point had been made, and it had resolved itself into a lather big point he though.. From what he could gather the gatee where Ashton met his death were out of order and under repair, and the foreman of the jury naturally asked if , any directions had been given to protect the public who bad been accustomed to go that way and might not have known of the damaged gr.tes. They understood , certain instruction had been given to the lockmen to keep a lookout, but be did not think that was sufficient. - He thought it was • pity the Canal Company did not ' en nights like that—Saturday nights—place a man pur- posely to prevent the public getting into danger. Be , was quite sure the Canal Company would do their best - to meet any recommendation the jury might have to A make.

--Mr Newman said if tEe public could confine them- selves to one set of gates he did not think there would he much trouble in safeguarding almost everybody. Fie had been ta the locks that day and it was the only thing be had to .suggest.

,

Mr Smith remarked that the Parish Council bad' repeatedly wiitten to the Canal Company asking them to light the locks, but they had ignored every letter sent. Of course they could not compel them to light the locks. but if they had a spark of humaaity abnut them they' would light them for the sake of the punk benefit. Mr Newman said if the public, consented to use the' centre gates no doubt they could be lighted and fenced. and if the public used the other gates they would do sa at their own risk. A recommendation to this effect was made by thniry and Mr Newman promised co bring the matt: r before the Board. A verdict of " Accidentally drowned" was return ed

MANDOLINRS, BANJORS, Li GUT.. __, IS, Fcc. Special Offer.—Gtutranteed ITALIAN MANE-la-LIN% MARBWS name inside. Rose' wood. ornamented 10s. Ed. Carriage paid. Best quality' MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Case Is. post free. ARCHER earn SONS, ST" kiEORGBS' CRESCENT. TOP or LORD-STRRET. SPOOL. Rstablished..ll343_ REDUCTION IN I'RICI3S FOR INCANDESCEINT BURNERS lINCANDRS'OHNT MANTLES. INCANDES CJIN".K" CHIMNEYS INCANDBSCIINT OLOSi.." ALL KINDS OF SMOKO PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBS OF DIFFRIEBIC, ,URS AND PATTERNS. ~,, GLASS GLOBES CAN REMATCHED OR EXCHAN4E,'

AT V ADAMS, T Q 80 OT 0 AMES PLike WINDOW GLAsS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE GLASS SHADES AND STANDS GLAS,,,,roo FOR GRAVES ac. " AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT J. ADAMS, 212, NORTH-HILL ST., &1, SAITHDO WN-111) LIVERPOOL.

_ *r IGH STOOK -M - --so& 'TITARS, vOLIN

, SAO.' • t \ - COLO I

===== 0002601_19020808_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe P. S. A. Society.

There was an average attendance at the rneeticg of this Society on Sunday afternoon in Wycliffe Church. Mr Bannister occupied the chair, and in a brief address spoke upon Christ's great love to man. Mr Heaton, of Manchester, was the speaker for the afternoon, and interested his hearers with aa address upoa the Rose of Sharon, from which he drew a useful leseon.—Mr R H Pearson contributed in his uqually acceptable manner two violin solos entitled " Broken Melody " and " Sono of Love." The service was alio takes part in by Mr B Farrar (hoc. secretary), Mr Owen and Mr W BeSqvick, jun.

Legh-street Primitive Methodist Chapel. O. Sunday last the Rev Gardham Reed, the newl7 arrived minister, preached morning and evening, before large congrigations. In the evening be took for his teat the words " What think ye of Christ "(Matt. 22 c. 42 v.), and preached a most intellectual and instrucive sermon, before an attentive and appreciative congrega- tion. Both his sermons gave evidence of the preacher's undoubted ability, and showed pl tidy to the members of the Chapel that there had come amongst tthem a capable leader, and a man of no mean intellectual •capacity. During the evening service Miss Alice Bridge gave an effective rendering ot Gonnod's " Entreat me not to leave Thee" in her uthal accomplished manner. and the choir rendered "Achieved is the g lorioua work" from " The creation" (Haydn) conducted by Mr A fl.pruce (choir master), Mr Fred Podmore M.1.11.M. pre- sided at the organ.

Golborne-street BaptiGt Church. There was a large congregation in the above place of worship oa Sunday morning last, when the Rev. Ehnen Dormice gave his third lecture on "Christian Verities," the subject being " Does God :yds!: ?" The discourse was listened to with rapt attention by a congregation which included many strangers. The preacher said that this question was the most important question in the realm of thought, because on no other theory than that of God's existence could any one of the problems of light _ Or thought be explained. The very idea of God was an intellectual •neessonity (they might call Sim by any name they liked) because whenever they tried to account for the existence of the world or the things in it they were driven back by sheer intellectual necessity to the words of their text "In the beginaing was God." Religion had been defined " as the recognition ef an essential relationship between the human soul and a per- ins' God." This definition presupposed an acquaint- ance with the idea of God's existence Again they bad proved in a previous lecture that man universally pos- sessed a religions faculty and if there ware no God then they were driven to the conclusion that the noblest faculty man pos essed was not only useless but a ccn- etant mockery to him. If this faculty had any counter- part—and it was contrary to reason to suppose it had nct—then that counterpart was God. A certain stheol of sceptical philosophers had tried te overcome this difficulty by throwing doubts as to tho 'validity or trustworthiness of the faculties,hut to follow that argument to its logical conclusion would lead us to doubt the existence of all things inclusive of ourselves. Such an admission would affect cur knowledge of the ; physical world quite as much as it affected our know- ledge of the spiritual world, Be did not hesitate to assert that God was just as real to the consciousness of the man who loved Him as the physical universe to the man of science. To say that the existence of God coul I not be proved was a feeble and ignorant argument. could anything be proved ? Before we could have an evidence or experience of anything we were compelled to make the most tremendous unproven assumptions. The preacher then spoke upon several other arguments for the existence of God viz. The cosmological ontological, and teleological and con- cluded his discourse by asking his hearers to treat this question in a rational naanner.To accept the existence of God might possibly involve one or two minor difficulties but to deny His existence increased those difficulties a milliootolci• If only able men could be brought to a knowledge of:God anclicould know Him not only In:study but in life and love, the murmurs of the world would 'surely sink into silence and the troubled heart of man weuld find peace. The chapel was crowded at the evening service when the pastor again preached

I

The annual sports promoted by the Farnviorth Harriers' Club took place at Widnes on Bank Holi- day. Results :-100 yards.—W Rinimer, Newton- le-Willows, 9+, 1; R Wailing, Farnworth 11, 6, 2 ; Jabez Jones, Winsford H, 9, 3. inches ' • two feet. Time,lo 2-5 sec.—Half-mile H Lawton, Farnworth 11. 55, 1; J Casey, Widnes, 55, 2; G Wright, Tarn- Worth 11, 45, 3. Two yards six yards. Time 2min 6 35see.-600 Yards (members) Wailing. Scratch. 1; T Nevitt, 10, 2' J M Handley, 25, 3. Two ytrde • same. Time, lmin 22see.—Mile W A Mere ; er, i'arnwortn 11, 98, 1; J Handley, Fern- worth, 128, 2; D White, Halton View H, 124, 3. Seven yards; four yards. Time, 4min 26sec.-220 Yards :—P bee, Widnes, 16, 1; H Lawton, Faro- worth, 16, -; Jbohland, Preseot, 151 3, inches ; two Time, 2.:•iec. yards.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION OF WAR

CLASPS TO WARRINCiTON VOLUNTEERS.

A very interesting ceremony took place at Parkbouse Camp, Salisbury Plain. on Saturday when a numbar of the members of the first and second contingents of War- rington Volunteers received the long delayed clasps for their South African medals. The presentation was made in the presence of the whole battalion be Colonel J C Ridgway, V. 1)., commanding the Ist V.B. (P.W.V.) South Lancashire Regiment. There are four bars, beer. ing the names, Laings Nek, Orange River Colony, Transvaal ani Natal. The recipients were under the command of Captain Appleton and Captain Cary, and numbered about thirty. In makiag the presentation, the Colon(' said that he would have liked the Brigadier (Colonel M Qualt Jones) to have distributed the clasps, bat he had had to leave the camp early that morning. He, however thought the men would value the clasps no lee" for having them, from the hands of their own Colsnel. It would have pleased him to have had the clasps before, but the War Office had delayed in sending them, and it was owing to the interference of Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P.. that they had received them even now.—The Colonel referred in sympathetic terms to the death of Private Barker, and said be hoped that as many men as possible would attend his funeral the following day. Re had been pleased with the behaviour of the battalion in camp, and he believed they had made a very favourable impression on the Brigadier and Sir Evelyn Wood. In conclusion, the Colonel paid a passing reference to the illness at the King, who, he was delighted ta hear, was rapidly gaining strength. Re then called for three cheers for his Majesty, which were heartily given. Tne band, under the conductorship of Mr J T Richardson, then played the National Anthem, and the men wore dismissed to prepare for the return home.—lt about 5.30 p.m. the battalion assembled on the parade ground to start for Warrington. An enthusiastic " send off " was accorded them by the members of tlae other batta- lions in camp, the band of the Cheshire Regiment play- ing the battalion out of camp. Two trains were reqMsit:oned to convey the men home, the right-half battalion starting just before 9 n'click and the left-half battalion about an hour later, Warrington being reached at 5.30 and 7.30 respectrvely.

A SrdANGE STANDARD OF VALUE.

Captain Barberie. an Anglo-Indian of infinite humour into whose short life of thirty-five years was crowded more incident than falls within the experience of most centenarians,bad the misfortune to lose a leg at the seige of a city in India, and was awarded a Gavernment annuity of £5O. Thereafter, the Captain adopted a stendard of value reculiar t 3 himself,end would refer to £lOO as two legs, £25 as half a leg, and so on. It is not to every portion of the human body that Captain Barberie's system could be applied. A human being may lose a leg, or even two lees, and yet live ; but no government has ever been called upon to allow a Man a pension because he has lost his 7stomach. big liver, or his heart in its service. (We use this last expression in its physical and not its romantic sense). The loss of those necessary parts of 'our being means death ; their derangement, misery. Hundreda of thousands coull from .bitter experience tall us as much, but for the presentwe will be content to listen to what Mrs. Annie McDonald, of Homewood Villa, Winstonley Crescent. Ramsgate, has to say. "It was *at the age of 21," writes Mrs McDonald, "that I was first attacked by indigestion. It began in the usual way—s feeling of pain and discomfort after food,hlig ht at first,but gradualy increasing in intensity until it became veritable torture, and I was afraid to eat even so much as a piece of bread and batter. I thought it would pass away of itself, but instead it daily grew worse. and I was compelled to seek medical advice. I went to one of the great London hospitals, where I was questioned and sounded, and sent home with a bottle of cod li,ver oil, being in- structed to eat the most nourishing food end take plenty of fresh air. It was impossible for me to follow this advice, for I bad no appetite and was, besides afraid to eat. The cod liver oil I forced myself to take ; but it was rejected immediately, and I could never succeed in keeping lion my stomach. This difficulty I explained to the doctors' who merely told me that I must persevere with it, Finding so relief, I tried three other hospitals in succession, but continued to grow worse. I became thinner and thinner, and with sunken eyes and drawn face at the age of 26 appeared like an old woman. For five years I suffered this misery, the pain I endured being only too apparent in my face. Some people were of opinion that I was consumptive, and told me so. The fear that I should die and leave my little ones quite unnerved me. We went to Brighton to live, and while there I experi- enced one of my worst attacks. It was on that occa- sion I was advised by a neighbour to try Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup ; she had used it herself, and, knowing lie worth, was convinced it would do me good. I obtained a balf-erown bottle of it, and never was money better spent. At the end of a week I was a different woman—l felt better and brighter, and my appetite revived. Three other half-crown bottles completed the work which the first had begun, and ever since my health his been as good as I could wish it to be."

EVENTS OF THE WEEK-.

ILLUSTRATED.

(INDICATED By THICK nrAcK. LINE WITH WHITE DOTS.)

_ F 3, ,A t* 44 N- • Pa ' ‘2.1 •• 'l/4 At, Ni NIP \ c,i p .Cr Ls 4.11 GT T 0. ~,j,„'-' , .. t , Cp,,, i .1641.:- •• . ' ' :..,,ra 1111 0 //// v;,;',' ~',:. nu ~,,,,--,:' ',II?. „ .1,, • - ,t, $ 0:2 5 / 4,, taS t, ~..., t • ~'''' P 4 r.O '''',.i' 'O. .‘,..1.-.1.44,_ ~ (; s, L,...: .:‘ _ ~,, ' IX r ‘, ", \ p „ .... ..1._.-0.-- -1.,' t,if "" ~,,b.c. ih, t siii '',A3,- t,...,..-41'' cohfsrlruriay d.,„,' - ,-- AP-t.:.. Hit. 4. ...-01P4'.'` • ' ri tt: 7 ,gtkil* . 1/4, •• : i cc i . , -4 1 ttpt% cf..t ..t; tfil ,i ‘..L.....„... 'a •••••••- t 0 frt c! qAtv it . k:t . Atli,- ,—,. „.• , ~, F 1- -04005 ES 0 VI 0 , i pA RLIAM ENT

THE ROUTE OF THE CORONATION PROCESS

===== 0002601_19020808_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUTURE OF PRIVATELY-

OWNED SCHOOLS.

Sir John Brunner's Views.

Writing to the " Times," Sir J T Brunner, in a letter dated Thursday last week, says : Last night Mr Balfour told us something about his new clause to provide for the appointment of trust managers of voluntary ChOMEI. He courteously gave way to me to enable me to ask What is to be done in the cases of schools whose build- ings are owned by individuals, and where there are no. trustees.

His reply was that it would be the duty of the Board of Education CO create some. Whereupon I interjected, To deal with my property; "and Mr Balfour jocularly told the committee that he was glad I was anxious that owners of schools should retain their property. This morning I have the new clause in print,and find, as I expected, that the owner or owners of buildings, unless they come Within the category of existing managers of the schools, ' are to have neither part nor lot in the ereatisn of trustees. Why ? I ask. Who has a better right to be heard ? I might sven say who the has a right to be heard? I desire to put forward in all seriousness good reasons that owners of schools should retain in answer to Mr. Bailout's good- f theiror property, humouredm First, thee, I lcok upon these private owners as a pro- tectionanxiety to children, parents, anel emotbsephUdbilyie. I consider iaigaainmsattbteigret i of gnrtecaletrapnuh cehte and,importance that owners ts oh o ut rl da Lef te ri n tt hhee i rmhattnnedgse fmo re hatl 1 thi fmteh eti or t Ceohrnooeistli.tieteri gthhet bands of the local educational authority, and thus keep whip-band over uthchief-Enakers.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 1902,

===== 0002601_19020808_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Pew could have dared to hope on that dark day Street. The return to Buckingham Palace will be in June when King Edward underwent a serious made by way of Parliament Street. Whitehall, operation, that in less than seven weeks he would Cockspnr . Street, Pall Mall, St. James's Street, be sufficiently recovered for his medical advisers to Piccadilly, Hyde Park Corner, and Constitution • permip him to undergo the fatigue of even a Hill. There are, of course, considerable changes • shortened Coronation ceremony. Yet such is the in the name Sof the illustrious personages who will case, and the nation is inspired with profound partici') tte in the processions, but in some respects gratitude that their Sovereign has been so speedily the principal pageant will be more impressive than restored to them. King Edward and Queen the original one would have been, and in one Alexandra are happily aware that a formal Coro- respect more interesting. Lord Kitchener. who nation will not and cannot add to the deep feelings could not have been present in June, will be a of loyal affection which unite them with the prominent figure, the Indian and Colonial people of the land. But for the very reason that mounted contingents will be larger than was their names are enshrined in the hearts of English- originally intended, , and Lord Roberts will be men and Englishwomen, their subjects will accompanied by the whole of the Headquarters ,reverently keep the solemn festival-day which Staff instead of a select few. The military ushers in their reign, associated as it will be with arrangements prepared under the direction of all the glorious memorials of their predecessors on 11.R.H. Field-Marshal the Duke of Connaught, the English Throne. Coming, as the great day provide for an imposing ceremonial. Altogether does, in the heart of the holiday season, when 1,327 officers, 2:3,1:39 non-commissioned officers and London is comparatively empty, the crowds along men, and 2,089 bandsmen will take part. The the route of the processions to and from the Abbey service in the Abbey has had to be still further will not be as great as the mighty concourse which curtailed in order that no strain may be imposed would have assembled on June 26th, but there will upon his Majesty, but even though only the purely be a vast multitude nevertheless which will seek essential parts of the ceremony be retained the with acclaim and enthusiasm to greet their service will be of a stately and ornate character. Majesties. The route of the processions is identical Of necessity the decorations in the streets which with that. originally arranged, and is shown clearly will be traversed by the processions will not be in the accompanying map by a black line with on anything like the elaborate scale designed for white dots. The King and Queen will leave the June festival, hut they will be beautiful Buckingham Palace at eleven o'clock and travel notwithstanding, and at night many of the principal to the Abbey by way of the Mall, St. James's Park, buildings in the City—notably the Bank of England Horse Guards Parade. Whitehall. and Parliament —and West End will be brilliantly illmnintated.

We live in a great age of the meeting of strength of character, tenacity, and fearlessness monarchs and the interchange of international that the occasion requires. His lordship is the courtesies, and this week is a very typical one with ninth Earl of Elgin, and thirteenth Earl of Kincar- the King of Italy and the Kaiser toasting each dine. He was born in Canada in 1849, and other in Berlin, and the foregathering of the succeeded his father when only fourteen. He was latter with the Czar at Reval. Of these rulers the Treasurer of the Household and First Commissioner Czar and the Kaiser particularly have a penchant of Works in Mr. Gladstone's third administration for these regal foregatherings, and little signifi- in 1886, and in 1894 was appointed Viceroy of canoe need be attached to their confabulation, India, a position in which he was succeeded by beyond the fact that it is a sign of the Lord Curzon. continued friendly relations of the European The fate of the Lyceum Theatre is 'the one Powers, and the increasing intimacy of their absorbing topic of discussion amongst playgoers, rulers. But in the former instance the feting of and it seems as though after thirty years of King Victor of Italy in the German Capital is a brilliant success Sir Henry Irving's name will pass political move to ref ute the rumours of the away from it, whatever its ultimate fate. Should the weakening of the Triple Alliance, which are totally Lyceum be pulled down, London will lose another of unfounded. Certainly the relations between the German and Italian Courts have not been very intimate or markedly cordial during the last few years, but whatever coldness then has been has not had any political significance. The Triple Alliance has never been more firmly established than it is at the moment, and there is the prospect of the greatest personal friendship in the future between the Kaiser and King Victor. His recep- tion in Berlin sets all doubts finally at rest, and the idea in everybody's mind has been to outshine that given to him in St. Petersburg, so orders were issued for the ,

i s

===== 0002601_19020808_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE LYCEUM

FIR HENRY IRVING'S FAMOUS THEATRE WHOSE FART HANGS IN THE HALANCE. •

its historical landmarks, but in the theatrical world it is looked upon as almost as iconoclastic a change if Sir Henry Irving's name and presence should cease to be associated with the mote of his life's success. To the present generation his personality is indissoluble with the Lyceum; and people are apt to forget that other famous names have been written upon the 1.610 of this theatre, such as those of Charles Matthews. Mrs. Keeley, Frederick Lemaitre, Madame Vestris, Buckstone, Frank Matthews, Mrs. Stirling, Miss Fairbrother, and Charles Fechter. From the seventies the history of the Lyceum is the tale of Sir Henry Irving and Miss Ellen Terry, his famous coadjutrix, and their productions, which have been constantly revived, are familiar to every playgoer.

Nowadays people do not go to Cowes Regatta so much to see the racing, although the sport is always good, as for the social pleasures of the meeting. Cowes is a delightful spot to spend a week, especially if you happen to belong to the Royal Yacht Squadron, that exclusive paradise to which only the favoured few can gain admittance. But whether the visitor be enthusiastic about yachting or not he can spend an enjoyable time watching the beautiful and animated scene afloat

„.........,_._...,.. , . „..._ ___..... _____--,,,._--- Ill' E 0--..1.,_ ''':-__-•.:.--,:._ ----... ' '-';-----r-____.._ -----------::,---- ------z7:--i:------ -- -41----11-q I.,i.;ir-,---.-4,. •izT,......: --,-21,.___ „........... _ 10. ii.,... ILE* li liiirx., _,- , iiiiK ( ~‘ /4•11,,',,,.--.%;4,, ',, ):) /-/:;:/ ,'; ,1- kth‘,,'\ ~, • • \ 'llii. ---------------- , --------'-' , . - L'' '''''' 1 • *-Y, I ..”" 1 776 ../*. • ' 1 i, 1 ' .-- (-' t - ~ 5- , I , ~,.. , / 1 ~' ", \ \ -','-, ,_:•a- ! N/ ~ _

===== 0002601_19020808_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KAISER.

THE KING OF ITALY.

AN INTERESTING MEETING OF EUROPEAN MONARCHS.

general celebrations and illuminations, and the Otter den Linden has been dressed in its best. The most amusing point in reference to the meeting, of the Czar and Kaiser is the chagrin such an vent always raises in the jealous mind of the French, who have grown to look upon the Czar as their special perquisite amongst foreign royalties and always resent any act of friendliness on his part, especially towards Germany. At the moment the general aspect of European politics is in a most interesting state, though outwardly at least the international relations of the vaTious Powers are very friendly. These, however, vie know from past experience may be totally altered in the twinkling of an eye by the cropping up of some small question.

Mr. Balfour's statement in the House of Commons with regard to the Commission of Inquiry into the War has been a good deal dis- cussed and much criticised. There can be no doubt about it that there• is a strong suspicion in many quarters that the inquiry will be a • farce, and the Government will have some difficulty in con- vincing the nation that the whole conduct of the War \ from beginning to end will be investi- gated as the country con- siders it ought to be. However, only the chair- man of the Com- mission has been appointed up to the present, and perhaps when the names of his colleagues ar e forthcoming, and the terms of re- ference have been definitely decided upon, a little more confidence will be mani- fested. The task which the Commission will be called upon to undertake is a stupendous one, and not altogether enviable. It will not be an easy matter to find men possessing the requisite qualifications fer the work. It seems almost impossible to select even seven men, as Mr. Balfour suggests, who would give entire satisfaction to everybody, but we must wait as patiently as may be, and see what the choice of the Government will be. The 'post of Chairman especially will be one of great responsibility and difficulty, and will involve ardous labours. Lord Elgin is to be ,commended for his public spirit in serving the ,country in this capacity, and let us hope that we Ishall find in him the man of intellectual grasp,

===== 0002601_19020808_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CZAR.

CRICKET,

riffICKETERS Bustirars Demon Driver Bats are tha A-) Rrantiest made SUSSEX'S New Match Balls retain their shape. and last longer than any others. BUMEY'S Leg Guards eve exoeotionally good. BIISSEY'S Batting Gloves arc far superior to the usual class'. Bussises Bags are made t wear. Buswey's Diary and Companion is a Gem for 61. Apply for liussEr's Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitter 36 and 38. Queen Victoria-street. London. Factories Peckham. London ; and Blntswell, Suffolk. (3).

===== 0002601_19020808_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EARL OF ELG:

APPOINTED CHAIRMAN OF THE WAR COMMISSION.

,:e • ,-,.., - v • t, ....(,))0•7..i.; Iktskiti . ...o.‘ , ::-....... ---„,„ :N

===== 0002601_19020808_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
fAKETC'qES AT COWES.

and ashore when the weather is fine, and the sun shines. There is light and life and motion every- where, and everybody seems full of happiness. Cowes has been even gayer than usual this year, being Coronation week and the King and Queen and so many other Royalties and distinguished people being present. The centre of interest during the week has been the new Victoria and Albert, not only on account of his Majesty being aboard her, but because this is her first appearance amongst the miscellaneous fleet which annually assembles off the picturesque island. The Grerinir• Emperor's new yacht has also attracted no little attention, and the way she acquitted herself in •thes, Squadron's =toe for the King's Cup on Tuesdaylaas been a topic much discussed in the Castle grounds during-oas week,

===== 0002601_19020808_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ir i Don't , 4,- ( be \ i k 1t.,,,,,,... '.•.• :' . '‘') it,' " ' • ,7•• ':''Clt,'..l`• ,-.:xs,, left \-J behind- l'i,tl4. 4 ' 161,AT • 4‘' . . '''. . ' .. .Ass-Aem, ''. '''‘''..-'7l.ttl it.-•_'''...N : ''tv

===== 0002601_19020808_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ONE OF THE

Ladies' or Gent's CYCLES With Free Wheel & two Rim Brakes OJ ]IY deSa 5135, 10 MO RE TO 3E3

SOLID_

Call and Inspect our ROYAL CAMBRIAN, RALEIGH, ENFIELD and SWIFT CYCLES at greatly Reduced Prices.

W. H. BELLIAN, "5 Sankey St.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN 7,ECHNICAL INSTITUTE.,

( Result of 'Examinations. PIUCTICkI. INORGLNIC CHEMISTRY. —Honotxre, Part I : Pass, James A Hill ; Advanced : Ist class, John J Stubbs ; 2ad class, Harold B Rogers William A Light- f :ot, Ada M Johnson, George A Mack, Walter Reynolds, Harry Tinton ; Elementary: Ist class, Edward P Ridge Percy B Lloyd, Albert Wood ; 2nd class, Stephen Gale. PRACTICAL MATHEMATICS..-40eMelltilry : 2nd class, Gorge H Powell.

STE&M. —Elementary : 2nd class, Samuel Clarke, Thomas greev.

BUILDING CONSTRUCTION.—Advanced : 2nd EWE., William J Harrop, Henry E Moston, George Penningten; Elementary : Ist class, Isaac Dixon; 2nd class. John A Ratline, Alfred Rowland, Reginald A Baakes, Frank Garner. Fred Fr Pr. GEOMETRICAL DRAY/INCL.-ISt Class. ii Austin ; 2ad class. Bertha Daviei, Blanche Jona. FREEHAND DRAWING IN GHTLINE.—(Day examination) 2ad class, nraest Markham, Walter Hopwood.

Withbumerous branches throughout the country, has met with the greatest•favour owing to the liberal manner in which customers' requireinents are studied.

THERE IS NO LIMIT to the number of copies purchased of popular works, and members find the service very different to tie ordinary provincial library.

A PROSPECTUS containing the low terms of subscription, and the monthly list of the latest publications, will be sent to any address on receipt of post cud.. . .

or may be obtained' at Boors CASH CHEMISTS.

5, BRIDGE -STRICRT, WAJMINGTON;

,+: L 01746, 0 . .. 0 AN\ +tp e --- z,v, - cn•i----- dirm al ,t 1 ...... .. 1.4, 0- . ... • cc 9)34.. -, 0

BOOK-LOVERS' CIRCULATING LIBRARY

===== 0002601_19020808_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
I

C ' St' ( : , , ~ . . . 4 ISI 44041 ."' ..........- ..,•',A,',

===== 0002601_19020808_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST, EST, CHEAPEST.

Nearly 300 Branches.

LOCALUDDRESSES.

3', BRIDGE-STREET 5. BRIDGE-STIMET ).WARRINGTON.

ALso A.T.LITERPOOL. MANCHESTER, CHESTRR, ETC.. ETC.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
.._,''...'''.CA.....M.:.._'...8..R.1....-..0,"..c.....g.::.:..

•-,.. . -,.. -.., ~--),,,..t. ~, - .-.4&4,.-. -,,,.., ,••• . ,-'4 V4' 4'.4.''' If 4 .., . ~ - .‘ •,,,,,, , ,-,;

f 1

,

% , - - ---.- - - - 7- ilia'.--':" -...'......X::----__....,....-- ( ......- -11 • - '..--=', : .. .1... A. ' r Ili 1 :,---,5•.-----....... 1. lb au Ilk . tli •....'----....----_--- ..---=,:- as. a. o. 1 1r"1416y.,., • ! i--C*- ----=----- le ...--s - iripti. 4 ---- ------"War•Ylar ---_____-.-- --,------- - --__ ---=.-- - --:::---";-rTh. __—____ 1 r ---..---_-->_„--- ------ - ----<_-- - ------- -..•••••• ;'''. , . -..........0r!°." _.......----- .--,--- 7.,....,_. ~.• ..!-------• _ _ ._. ___, __-,_____-------- . ~ ' s". -_,--______--- ____,...•• ....---- ____----_,______---=----- _ (•.."-",;:./.------ _____-=•- - ,1 i •

===== 0002601_19020808_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ra."-t EATS ALL"

Mr. J. H. CARLING, Grocer, High Street, Ilyde, writes:—' The Cambridge Lemonade, I anay say, is far and away the best I have sold yet. It has quite a refreshing flavour, and is 'without that horrid acid. A customer to whom I introduced it has, within the last six weeks, used four dozen. She said she had used every other Lemonade she could get, but Cambridge beats all."

The CAMBRIDGE LEMONADE is carefully prepared from selected Sicilian Lemons, and is guaranteed to contain the natural refreshing constituents of the fresh ripe fruii. free from any added acid, or other injurious ingredient.

PURE & WHOLESOME. -

- - The lancet :—The materials are pure and wholesom% being obtained from selected lemons. It possesses the pleasant aroma and acid taste of the fresh cut lemon, and affords a refreshing and agreeable summer beverage. _

sid. cer bottle, sufficient to make Two Gallons Delicious Lemonade. CHIVERS HISTON, CAMBRIDGE.

8G SONS,

LIMITED,

Proprietors of the First English Fruit Growers' Jana Fas':ory.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Ehe (Exeunt= gotnes

TIE WATSRINGTON AND AIID-CHESHIRE ExAsrrrEa." published every Saturday morning. rTEE" HARLESTOWN AND NRWTON EXAMINER, 1. published every Friday afternoon. 'THE "ST. HELENS Eaminnut," published every JL Friday afternoon. T" "RU rr NCORN ExinuEß," published every Friday afternoon. THE "WIDNES EXAMILMR," published every Friday afternoon. P REPAID AP kRTMENTS WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

ADVERTISEMENTS HOUSES WANT ED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEIITS NI ANTS

MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 t 4

===== 0002601_19020808_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestir Aperbants, etc

WA E NTED GNERAL. SERVANT, about 20.—Addreaa W MILLS, Railway Inn, Broadtieath.

NVANTED GENERAL, two in family ; comfortable place; £l4.—Write 16, Crayen-road,Hailesden, London.

IVANTED. GENERAL. good references, all duties, three in fanaily.—Mrs Bums Eta.. Manor Park, Knotsford.

WANTED a dot itHP GIRL for Housewora,about 16-229, GT CREETITIM-ITnEET. H'r Broughton. Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, good cook.over 25; three in family, wages £20.—M133 DEAKIN, Boothstown, Manchester.

WANTS!), COOK-GENERAL, where another le kept.— Mrs. J. H. ETEPHEY. Bedford Vicarage, Leigh, Lanc,

WANTBD„ COOK, for the country; kitobenmald kept V Apply Mrs fa H ELTON. Roby House, Willaston. near Chester.

)ATANTBD COUNTRY GIRL as General, good character required ; state wages.—Tomfrys. 6, aoldsworthy• rd, Flixton, Manchester.

WANTBD.PLAIN COOK and HO bEMAID for Septem- ber 1.-11 m. SLINGER, 2, Botanical-avenue, Old Trat - ford, Manchester.

Mancb4

WANTED, COOK-GENBRAL. early in September; housemaid kept; age 25 to 30.—Apply IIissFALLOWS, Elmwood, Stretford.

WANTSD, good I:IOOK44BNERAL. also Honsemaid- 1' V Nurse ; family three.—Apply Mrs KEYP,Springhelds, Chumh. Accrington.

IVANTED GENERAL for end of August, all duties family twe.—Letters " GREYSWOOD Western Drive, Gmssendale, Li- 11.

iverpool

WANTIM. a GIRL, about 17; fond of children. and to make herself useful. Apply Atm NO9B, Red Lion, Pemberton. near Wigan.

VT ANTED good GENRRAL oRRVILIVT to assist in bar, V references regnired,—Apply personally, Mrs lIITLME, Railway Inn, Tyldesley,

STOCKPORT INFIRMARY.—WANTED, strong GIRL, as Scullery Maid, beginning of August; good reference neerssary.—Appiv. MATRON.

CIOOD COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS. OWNERALS, CTIRLS N to 16 wanted at once.—HaßNE'S BEGIsTRY, 230, Waterloe-road, Ilightown. Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, family 2, plain cooking, little vraabing, Ele ;references required,atate age &c.—Eas JOHNSON, 36. Parker-street. Warrington.

WANTED, GENERAL good character, strong; three in family. state age, and wages requited.-11 urns, The Vicarage. Charleswnrth. near Manchester.

WANTED. COOK GENERAL and Housemaid, under thirty, no washing, references required.—Mrs GOOD- BRAND, Oaklands. cff Stockport-road, Altriecham.

4 LL cLassEs of SERVANTS ready from country and _LA town, public and private.—Ladies should call or write HARRISON'S. 8 Oldham-street, Manchester. Estab 1862.

WANTIID COOKS, HOUSIMAIDS. Nurses, Several Generals. Some for Master and Mistress only.— BOTTOSILEY'S REGIATRT, , Bradford. Yorkshire. ALL CLASSE3 of SITUATIONS, private and public; good homes excellent wages; places in townsountry and seaside.-Write to HARRI3OW'S, Olciham-st.,Manchester.

treet,

TIEPRRIBNCED 71ale and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply Nylons Isvriru- no,r, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone WO. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

COOK 3 WANTIID from £23 to £24. Housemaid Waitresses £lB to £2.1, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4. excellent paces; small families —Write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldham- street. Manchester.

GOVRUNESS REQUIRE /CS RE-13N-GAGEIENNT, school or family ; usual English suhj ects.French. music,Latln, mathematics and kindergarten,—Address, 40, EX./MI.IMR OFFICE, Marleßtown.

RESPHOTA.BLIS PEftiON YOgNia Wa.NTS situation as Housekeeper to working man, all duties. fond of children, careful management ; good references.—B. C., 63. Oxfor,l-street. Liverpool.

COACHMAN seeks SITUATION. ; thoroughly experienced; ride. drive,, single and pair ; 6 years reference. 3 pre- vious ; murried. age 33, one child age./ 5.--JORDAN, The Pole Lodge, Northwich, Cheshire.

MISPSLATIBIDC"Ora 0N2,20 .RHitoGul.S.Tpß,lrionSrmtocailTor/,;0 £2O; one lady. LevenBhulme. Capable General £lB, Heat,onmoor ; Housemaid £11: House Parlourmald £l7 Hades ; capable aYI Parlonrmald £2B. Bolton.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Vaanteb.

WAPTED.WATSON'S SOAP WHAPPBUS.—F. Livhezr, 395, Burnley-lane, Oldham.

OOD HAMPIDI MAIM Wante4 at once.—Apply FRANK Ur WRIGHT, Mawdealer, near Ormskirk.

NIT MB DRAWER WANTED, used to 4to 12. good work for steady man.—Appiy F A PowER AND SON, Utley, Birmingham.

AGENT?, wanted to sell Improved Filter and Splash Preventer. Will tit any size tap.—UNIVERSAL FILTER Co. Dent 48. Sheffield.

WANTED DRBSSMAKHRS and good MACHINISTS for Blouse making.—Apply ISHERWOOD AND MITCHELL, Irriars-green, Warrington.

NV OMAN RULER required,capable of taking entire charge V of Shaw's Hand-power striker; light, healthy work- shop.—CLAYE. Printer, Stockport.

WAR MRDALB wanted.dated 1818,£2 given ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Athara. Matabele,Mashona,Fenian Raid, &e.—Major TOMBS, Droitwich.

A GENTS WANTED to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furni- IIL tura. Clothing,Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRID GE AND CO (102) Birmingham.

WANTED, all kinds of Cast-off CLOTHING. best prices given ; rash on receipt of parcel ; write immediately. —THORSLEY, 55,, (Thorley-street, Warrington

ALL Classes seeking employment in South Able& or other Colonlei should address stamped envelope to 'AFRICA,' 0/0 Sharrow & Thatcher, West-street, London, W.C.

AG11141.13, Whole or part time, to sell Assurance Tea, Coffee and Cocoa, securing tree life assurance to all ; benefits from £42.-54, EIWINEGATE, Leeds.

purebasers

AGII STS.—ilnergetic Agents wanted, for sale of borne osttle and poultry foods. Applications by letter only to the PARAGON FOODS Co, 74 Gracechurcb-et London, 11.0

P ASSURANCE COMPANY.—Wanted, energertle .1 YOUNG MAN. canvass and collect; salary and corn zatesion.—Apply DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT, 26, Arplay- street. Warrington.

WANTED all Married Persons to send two stamps and a stamped addressed envelope, for our pamphlet con- taining information of priceless value.—Address THE PELICo Co, Chemists, Taunton. '

Cici Ans I CIGARS! CIGARS 1 From Manufacturer to Smoker. Grand value 6s ed 59. Sample is —*EXPERT,' Hotel Maple. Beckenham-road, London. Repeat orders by every post. Agents wanted. .._._.

AGBNTS WANTED (Warrington and district), either whole or spare time, for an Investment Company ; salary and commission to suitable men.—Apply, 21 Yon); BUILDI3Cie, Mosley-street, Mancbester.

AOHNT required. really rod man. in every town,tl push sales and obtain advertisements for excellent attractive ; orders easily secured; good commission.—PßOEßTY GAZETTERB, 5, Mitre Court, Fleet-street, ILO.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
jrlarbttitrp, etc.

I_IIGE-GLASS GAS ENGINES; new design ; latest im- provements. Sizes in stoek, one to twenty-four brake horse power.—Midi! AfiltwonTs, Collyhurst, Manchester.

A- - BOUT 50 GOOD WOOD-WORKING M&CIIINISS, all kinds; low prices.—GßEE:swoon's, 48, Mole:worth- street. Rochdale.

ON SALE, cheap, one each HORIZUNTAL STEAU ENGINE, 61n. bore fin. stroke. and 3in. bore tin. stoke thoroughly overhauled • also two Force Pumps and Eccentrics complete set of Oat 'Crushing Rollers, Leamington Range with enclosed top plates ; the above are all second- hand. and In good conditlon.—For Turning, Planing, Punch- ing, Drilling and Steam Hammer Forgings apply C. COTTON, Scotland-road, Warrington,

._-- TT IS WORTH YOUR WRIL TO BUY YOUR LUBEIOAETS DIRECT. RELIANCE MIMI-CLAM NoN- , OORROsIVF.. largest sale in the world. Bngine Oil, 111-d.; Cylinder Oil. 11d. ; Machinery Oil, 110. ; Spindle Oil, ; Gas Engine Oil, 1$ 6d.; Dynamo Oil, la 6d per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL Co:BRANT, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street. London, ESL ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow; 1, Sandhi'', Qaayside, Newcastle-on-Tyne. DATETOJ,IIOJa- MA N _ 11113TABLI8HED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES It SON have ha ,4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection wlth this Establish- ment and possess practical kno wledie of the cotton ,woollen and Iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," prICS 61. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEOEGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQI7ARB, MANCHESTER.

- --' -Qua

ISTBIC.

QCARBoaouGti,—St. Aubyn's Bowling House. New 1.7 Queen-street ; sea views ; central ; comfortable, and mod,,rate terms.— MsNAG ERESS,

LANDUDNO.—Mrs OwEN. Faenol, Harcourt Road 14 Craig-y-dcn,BOARD and RFSIDSNCR. Mountain and Sea Views, five minutes from Parade. 4s per day. 25s week

===== 0002601_19020808_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY AUGUST 8 1902

A'ales DP Vribate rtarp

, 2 ft, high, perfect condition, coat LS, accept £3 15a J —LEVY, 55 Freaerick-street, Sunderland.

ri i OLMAYS AFLOAT on Norfolklliroads.For hire,wher rim 1.1 and yachta.—A. BROwN, bt Olaves, Yarmouth.

-IFIUTUR4 FORKTOLD.ruIing planet &e,state blrthtime, 6d /4 stamped envelope.-,-BowNEas,Clough tiridge,Brldlington

KAN Klikt/illltA painlessly cures Canker,diplatheritic roup, diseased combso&c. 7d—liAGGSßaos,Fanciers,Swansea.

VCZE3l4)..—Certaln Cure. Prescription. (plain English) Is Id post I ree.—TREVOn, 13 Union-street, Coventry.

yl. It's true ' ! Cutlery, watches, &c, for nothing particulars free,—ChlTis,463 Attercliffe-rd, Sheffield;

VAULKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYBRS of Hay and .12 Clover.—Apply, Fat LKNEBB. Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

ADJ USTABLE LADDERS, extension and ordinary; all purposes. List tree.—DaEw •liD CLARK. 19 Waterloo- road, London.

NOVELTY POSTCARD. -Illustrations produced by rub- bing with coins. At all stationers, or 6d by posc, lg.— basw, 9 Soutbarapton•st, Holborn,London.

A STROLOGY.—Your Future Foretold, marriage, &0., state L. birthtime, 13 stamps stamped envelope. elioF. BOW— NESS (Desk F), ()lough Bridge, Bridlihgton.

IVMELD GLASSES.-200 Genuine 'Jockey Club' In case. Must be cleared, 78 6d post free. Orders ekecuted in rotation.—OPllClAN. 62 Caelleppa, Bangor, N.W.

DARROT, GREY, red tail, warranted for talking, month's trial, my risk 33s bargain. Indestructable cage 6e. Particulars free.—RESTAUEiNT. Torrisholme, Morecambe.

HONELINS COMPLNXION PALI imparts to the skin marvellous beauty ;,dazzling whiteness pretty jewellery present Is.—" HONELINE." 51, Kellett-road. Brixton.

/110 HOTEL and P.R. Proprle tors.—Best 2d Cigar In the 1 world. Sample ls,direet from Manufacturer.-1/IPORTFR. 26, Beckenham•road.Penge, London. Thousands selling daily

500 Pairs real Lace Curtains. size 2ins x 3 yds, must be sold, send 34 9d sample pair, carriage paid.— HEWITT & LO 23 Regent-streBG,PlCOmillly Circus,London

91BNANTS' FlXTURES.—Ontboases. 60s ; Greenhouses, 1. 70s ; Cycle houses, 345 ; Motor houses, 1205 ; Poultry houses, 20s. Lists free.—HannlsoN Smmt, Dollman-street, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
llotels, Vparos, MoarDing (Stab. 1 Ipartmentst furnisbo

T 0. 11.-411 AND HOTEL. DOUGLAS.—Bcarding terms 1. 45s to 63s Der week —A H DOE, Manager.

HARROGATE.—" Bt. Heltem" First-class BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT. Best Position in Harrogate.

inDILACKPOOL. —BROOKLANDS BOARDING ESTA .1) LLHMtNT, 12, Tyldesley-terrace, Promenade ; every window sea view; highly rea mmended; moderate—WieEmaw.

apartmtnts furntol)o3 3Elouaz.

QT. AHNIVS-ON-SBA.—Mre, J. H. TAYLOR (of Oldham). Sunnyeide, 15. St. Alban'e rd. Plano. Terms moderate.

KNOTT END. FLEETWOOD.—Pacing Sea, Public or private, terms moderate.—Miss SHERDLEY, Bay View House.

DREtI. I.O.M.—Miss KELLY,Creg Malin View ; command- ing situation, overlooking the Bay ; splendid bathing and boating.

DoucnAs—Private Apartments, 30, Woodbnurne-square. near Promenade; cable tram passes.—Mrs BUHR (from Maneheater.)

IVIORECAMBII.—MRB, W HITTAK ER, 12, Grafton road. U.E.—Apartmentai. Public or Private ; near sea and Alhambra.

BTOLACIKPOOL.—Home from borne; good beds; near Central Station and sea; plano.—Mrs CALVERT, 44 Hornby-road,

QCARBOROll4H.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; pleasant L) locality; terms mooerate.—Apply MRS IRELAND. 2, Columbus Ravine.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable home. is. each person for bed and attendance; piano—Mrs. BnooKs, 10, Hydal- terrace, Central-road.

BLACKPOOL.—APAR MENTS with or without board; one Aminute c,from ecia.—Mrs lismsßoTT,md 47 Bonny- street, near Fox Hall.

A PARTMENTS or BOARD-RICSIDENCE in good house in CI. grounds, near New Brigtiton.—Apply 2, BEACH BANK- AVENUE, Manor-road, Liseard.

SOUTHPORT.—Putdio and private apartments, Pianos, The MISSES SCHOFIELD AND ELLIeI, Beach View, 32, Seabank-road,

MORECAMBE.—Superior APARTMENTS, comfortable borne. lining sea and West—end pier.—Mrs %Mews, 9, Erving-terrace.

A BERYSTWlTH.—Comfortable APARTMEINTS ; sea 11 view; neartPrJrnenade.—Mrs MuRLEss, Cliffel Home, Bryn-y-lior-road.

MRS MATHER (near station and sea). APARTMENTS ; bath and piano.-16, T. DAVID'S-ROAD EOUTH, St. Annet-on-the-Sea.

IL) ILlL.—Comfortable APAATMENTS, with home corn- IL forts ; terms moderate.—.Urs DAVIS, Brosely Home, 3, Clwyd-street, Rhyl.

CUMBERLAND LAKE DISTEICT.—For Free List of Furnished Houses, Sporting Estates, apply 3 HARDING, 40, King-street, Penritb.

XTORTH WALBS.—To be let, HOUSES, furnished, Un- ii or apartments.—Bluowstonw AND Co— House Agents, Colwyn Bay,

AT ORECAlSlBl.l.—airs. Picxrilara..l2. Wellington terrace I near L. and IL-W. Station ; piano; ho me from home, 5 minutes from Promenade.

CLEVELRYS, POULTON-LE-FYLDH.—Near electric tram and sea ; piano, bath, W.C. ,to.—Mrs ALFRED MARSDEN, Primrose Place. ORICLIABIBB, W.H.—APARTMECNTS with or without .1.11. board. Bath and plan —Mrs B SIMPSON, Hungerford House, 33, Westminster-road.

LANDUDNO.—Beautiful situation near Prom.. well- -1.1 Fared beds, bath, etc.—MiSSeS tTRATTON, Frondirion, kosebery-avenue, Craig-y-don.

ABOUT YOUR SUMMER HOLIDAYS. Consult the 'Tamp Harald " ; Illustrated. free.—dECRETARY, Holi- day camp, Grondle near Douglas, 1.0. M.

LI OUTHPORT.—COMFORTABLR WELL-FURNISHRD 13 APARTMENTS, near promenade; bath; piano; very moderate terms.—H. Winn, B. Gordon-street.

AA ES. GARNER 8; MISS HOBSON, 24, iNelson-road, off lvi Lytham-road, Blackpool. Two minutes walk from sea ; good accommodation ; terms strictly moderate ; piano.

-DLACKPOOOMFORTABLE APARTAIHNTS, cloße _IJ to station, and all amusementa, terms 2s. ; bed and attendance. -hire. CLARKE, 31, Ribble-rd. off Central Drive.

- MO LET. by lady living alone. part of her FUUNISHED J. HOUSB, Sittingroom, two Bedrooms, Oool,ing Kitchen, Postal telegraph station. &c., convenient ; Surroundings Pretty ; good roads for cycling. For month or longer. Terms moderate.— Address Alas. VVooLRICH, Overton, near Elles- mere, Salop.

ANN Es-ON-SEA.—superior APARTMENTS ; close to 10 sea, tram, golf.—PncEca, Ripley, Derbe-road.

DLACKPOOL.-COMFORTABLh' APAKTMISLITS, public or private.—lir. MALLEY, 60, Rothsay-road, Central Drive. QT ANDES-ON-THE-SA.—Camfortable Apartments, two mantes from Station.—ldna WADDINGTON, Allan Bank, St Alban's-road.

DLACKPOOL.—PUBLIC and PRIVATE APARTMENTS _1) Close to sea and north pier.--lirs POWELL, 2b Cocker- street, North Shore.

SCARBOROUGH.—TO LET for summer months well-fur- nished house ; pleasant sltuation.—Apply tlxnknwoon, Uoathland, York.

exa DlSTRlCL—Furnished home, pleasant situation, IA near sea and station ; bath,w c.-3,BERRADALE-TERRACE, Giange, Lancashire.

ijOULTON-LE-FILDE.—FUIttiLSHED HOUSE TO LEE, Two sitting, 4 btctroorns ; close to Poul Lon Station.— SMITH, Weet 'Thorn.

IjoLACKPOUL—AVAILINItiIiT6, 205, Central Drive,outb; 4ionbie bedded room, Sa ; four minutes from Bea ; trams pass door—lSlr9 biREAVES.

BAILMOLITH. WALISS.—Weat end House. Board resid- ence or APARTMENTS on sea-front, kip.,cial terms for families.—Apply WINCHESTER.

aineurte': of from m Itv vita? AeMr kB B a et ()PI PMhAomuttoi Cam n- r o Five lim station and sea. Bath and piano.

011E0AMBE M 16., comfortable APARINLIIIITS public IV or private also co.bbined room, Bath.—Xlas. LEE, riazeidene, 59, Sea View parade.

DLACKPOOL.—Missee THOMPSON, Oriel House, 59, Aloert•road, near Central Jtatiou, Ees, and all places of amusement. Cycle accommodation.

10UNTRIC APARTMENTS.—Mrs A WORSLISY, (late of V orthwich), Cedar Cottage, Middle-lane, South shore, Blackpool. Penny Tram, Benson-lane.

STICHTTON, Sbrokehire.—Plain, Comfortable AYARTMIiNTS ; lovely scenery, mountain alr,—lirs JuzlEs, Ancient House, Little titretton.

pHYL.—COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, with or with- %) out board,accommodation for cyclists ; terms moderate. —WlLLiaste, Dining rooms. 9. Market-street.

j_l 0 W MISS, WINDHILMISUIC.—.Nice Furniehed ROUSH. 4 _IJ bedrooms,l sitting-room, bath 4 and c, tor September or longer.—Apply W _BALMER, Uhl Head, Storrs Park.

I I.O.2.I.—APAUTHISNTS, With or Without LI board lterms moderate. Five minutes from shoie and electric tram.---NIP.B IRELAND, Glen-road, Laxey•

BL CKPOOL.-APAIITMENTS with or without board; situated near station and sea ; trams pass door.—Mrs. iIITON, Vrompton House, 128. Central-drive. Piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS dose to Talbot-road Station, with or without board, Piano. Terms Moderate.—MßS. LIVINGiaoSE. b. Topping-street.

IiLACKPOOL.—APARTMIiNTS ; airs. ALLDRED (late of Atherton), Atherton Nouse, 'a, Pleasant-street, North Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

‘gptorks, 35UOilltiSOCO, /tr.

Ci&PLIAL 311XIAD BOSINBSS for disposal. good living, N_l no reasonable offer ref med.-324 oansai-LarrE, tis

HAIRDRESSER'S BUSINESS on SALE; main road; established 15 years ; going abroad.—HOLLAND, 441 Rochdale-road, Manchester.

- i' 111.c1A)Olt (good) ; corner postsion ; holder's ales, lease 1../ fixtures, stook and furuiture, £l7o old.-113, Wan& ROAD, flocklev. Birmingham.

AROCEItIf AND CONFECTIONERY ; 114, Wriolc-noen, Orivaldtwistle, near Accrington; to Let as a going concern.—Apply on the prAmises, UOR DISPOSAL, Good Engineering and Motor Oar Build- ing and Repairing business in Biackpool; about 2500. Apply WINSTANLEr, Park-Place. Warrington.

vl'o BE DisPosnD of Cheap, a FRIED FISH and CHIP .1 POTATO BUSINESth ill-healbh cau e of 'leaving.— Apply Box F. G., •• Examiner Oftice," Warrington.

POIIK 81.18111}338, doing good retail trade; goodwill and fixtures, side mirror., marble slabs and counter ; imcce- diate ellepoell.—Apply 283, Stanley-rd, Bootle. Liverpool.

- I H AIRDRESSERS AND NEWSAMINTS BUSINESS. ' established ever 401 years ; 111 health sole cause of giving up; real bargain.— Apply Doom Dudley, Worcester,

WEB and WlNE,well-known good paying house; ingoing £l9O, good Inventory , nice house, about £4 week clear pronts.—Mr. BAILEY, 37. Church-at, Pendleton, Blanchester.

IlarstsS. Tarriago, Ethe ,Stork, tirt

A Good LURRIRS, 5 CARTS, good conditions fit for `-± con cractot sor farmera.—W. Nostaic.Farnworth,Widnes.

Ay AIL CART, cane ; light tan ; 3 positions ; folding .1.13_ shafts; strap springs ; quite new ; 45e. ; approval.- 34, 6DITIL-ROaD, Seacombe.

ON SALE, TWO VANS, one second hand, sult-Gro—"gre77 Bread Bakers.—Apply JOHN SEGAR, Wheelwright, Boundary-street, Southport.

PORE-BRIM Buff Orpington's ; Biggs 3s per doz. (unfer- tile replaced); Chickens from 6s per doz. Lis sent.— NIGHTINGALE, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

Eo be .rt.

TO LET COTTAGE OFF LovELy LANE. rent 3e 9d.— I. Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

TO LET GOOD HOUSE. (3 bedrooms) off BEWSRY- _I ROAD, rent 4s 6d.—Apply Woons AND Bos. Solicitors Horsemarket-otreet, Warrington.

rut) LET. STABLB and COACHHOUSB. with lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—Appiy WOODS & Bos Solicitors, 65, Horgemarketatree Warringt3n.

PO LET. in the centre of Liverpool, the OLDHAM- STREET LADDER, THEME and BARROW WORKS. Fixtures £10; rent £3s.—Apply 2, Oldham-st., Liverpool,

WHARTON COTTAGE, near Winsford,—To be Let, the above Residence, with or without a small plot of land. Apply to MRS EIEwALL, Wharton Hall, Winsford, Cheshire.

LEATHER, LEATHER. BUTTS, BENDS, GRINDER!, &c. OUR SPECIAL REPAIRING: BENDS,

_ 12/14 LB, AVIA 15 2iD AND Is 3ID FUR 1.13: WRITE FOR PRICE LlsTs AND SAMPLEs. FREDERICK AIATTHEWS,

272, 274, 276, HAVENBY ROAD, LONDON, N.%

===== 0002601_19020808_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Amits bp Vytuatt Zrtatp.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. " Alter one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing."—J. Blase, Helsthorpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Stbford's Coost, Farmer. Ellesmere. .• destroyed 145 rats with WiLeom, Off ord.—send Is Ed to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Chemists.

BY MESSRS

===== 0002601_19020808_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED LADI r.S,GORRESYONDENT.—Send stamped address for particulars to firs E WILSON, Eider-grove, h heffield. BRES.—SIX. HIVES of Bees on Standard Frames to be sold cheap or separate ; hatiactor-supers.—Apply 22, PsIOEY-ItOLD. Broad lireen, near Ifiverpool.

IDICTUI4.IAL I'OSTCAhnd, British and Continental, Posted to colleotore, 4Zid, 9d, la 6d, 2e 3d doz, postage extra.—Connie, importer, buuth Snore,

.11.1debara,the all healing uiatmeu. 11 for sores,euts,woundu,eczema, Lte ; never known to nun box hid. pout free.—.l3mAk. jtoan Co., Westboro, Llrantham,

BHATALL BAtiCiAlti PARCELS on weekly payments lts 3d each ; Marvellona value ; Customers delighted ; Particulars on applying.—ttEWlTT, 41, fiigh-street,ltushden.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
&ale bp aurtion.

31.4.1.311kAR1NG ASD CO.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
'bares. • j' AMES P. BATH and SUN, STOCK AND SHAtibl BROKERS, Established 1a75. 29. RANBLAGH-sTERET, LIVERPOOL

IpclEs, Etc

===== 0002601_19020808_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
IS THE BIBLE TRUE?

11 EAD "The Truth of God demonstrated by the British Nation," by W. H. Masos,which demonstrates at once the t tith of God and lila Word and the facts that the British are Israeli, not Jews, and that our Monarch ts David's heir and God's Vicegerent on the Throne of Israel. Publishers, ROBERT BANKS dc 60N, Racquet Court, Fleet- street, London.

Sold by all booksellers. 'et piper covers, Is ; Cloth, gilt lettered, 25 nett.

OuR Constitution is, after The Democratic all, a very rough machine Machine.

for the expression of the national will. It ought to be impossible for a Premier to persevere, as Mr. BALFoun is doing, in such an enterprise as the Education BM after such a verdict as the North Leeds election con- veyed. Theoretically a seat has been transferred from one party to the other, and that is all. In point of fact, however, this bye election was really a referendum on the Education Bill. The experi- ment was carried out under the most favourable conditions for the Government. North Leeds has been a safe Conservative stronghold ever since 1885, before the Home Rule split, and the Unionists secured a majority of 2,517 it the last election in 1900. And yet a Liberal has been I returned by 758 votes. There is no reason to suppose that the result would have been different had the experiment been made in Manchester or Sheffield. The inference from Bury and North Leeds is irresistible. The majorities which Mr. BALFOUR musters night after night in the House of Commons with all the machinery of the new rules and the closure are simply groups of private persons who have ceased to represent the con- stituencies which sent them to Parliament in blissful ignorance of the coming Educations Bill. There is no constitutional remedy. In theory Mr. BALFOUR may go stolidly on for his full term of seVen years, adding measures yet more obnoxious to the bad record of the Corn Tax and the Education Bill. As yet he shows no disposition whatever to bow to the popular will. He rejects all hints of compromise, and persists in his scheme for endowing denominational schools, and alienat- ing public money from public control, as though the opinion of the electorate were a sheer irrelev- ance. The Constitution can be made to work only with the loyal goodwill of the statesman at the helm. Mr. Baia-unit unlucirily inherits Lord SALISBURY'S contempt for democracy. It is a short-sighted policy,and Mr. BALFOUR is tempting a dangerous reaction. He may carry b s Bill this autumn, but he will simply be providing the next Liberal majority with work to undo.

With Mr. BALFOUP:S /*O- A Fair Compromise. jection of Mr. DaLox's

compromise perished the last hope that the Education Bill can be hammered into a moderately fair working scheme. Even the most sweeping amendments would leave it a re- actionary measure. But Mr. DILLON'S suggestion would at least have removed the gross injustice , which it threatens to the Nonconformists in the 8,000 parishes where the Church school is the only school. Mr. BALFOUR'S plan is to leave these schools in the hands of their own trustees, who appoint four members to the Board of Manage- ment. A minority of two were to represent the parish and the parents, with the inestimable privilege of uttering impotent criticisms on the expenditure of the money which is to be found by the ratepayers and the Exchequer. Mr. Dria,ox's suggestion was to reverse the proportions, leaving two members to the trustees, two to the parish council, and two to the parents. But Mr. BALFOUR would hear nothing of this compromise. He can, he de- dares, consent to nothing which would destroy what he calls the " denominational character" of these schools. They are still to be what his relative, Lord Huun CECIL, described as "schools with two doors." The child is forced into the first door by the State—the second leads to the church. It is a naive scheme,and it might have succeeded within limits, if only Mr. BALFOUR had not himself taken the great step which destroys for ever the "de nominational character" of these very schools, He has made them what they were only.in name before

—" national schools," since the public is to find the money for the education which they provide. That step once taken there can be no going back,and the logical consequence of public control must follow. It is a thousand pities that the attention of the country should be concentrated perforce on ex" ternal details of this kind. For the real problem for Great Britain is how to provide a really eta' cient training for the youth of all classes, who are simply growing up a generation or two behind their alert and scientific competitors on the Con- tinent. From the Indian Army has just come a, report on the education of its younger officers which informs us that they can make no progress in their professional studies until they have firs been subjected to the sort of discipline which a ' boy in the sixth standard of a good Board School would rather resent. Elementary arithmetic, geography, and English history are the recondite subjects in which these young gentlemen have to be instructed after they have obtained the KiNcis commission. That throws an ugly light on the future of our Army, but the brothers of these wail' born illiterates who will control our commerce, our engineering, our manufactures, are they in a better plight? Such a state of things would be quite impossible in France or Germany, where the youth who fails to pass an examination much " stiffer than the London Matriculation is

doomed to three years' service in the ranks of the conscript army,whilst his better-educated brethren escape with one.

ONE cannot help sus" Lord Rosebery and Ireland. pecting that Lord itosP• nERY was for once behind the times when he confined his reference to the

Irish question, in his recent speech to the "Liberal League," to a beggarly declaration that Ireland shall never have an independent Parliament. That is a safe but a meaningless remark, which has the merit of offending nobody, since not even *Mr' REDMOND claims anything of the kind. Bat the repetition of phrases of this sort conveyg the impression that the attitude of Liberals is

simply one of negation and refusal. Eve° Mr. BALFOUR would like to "kill Home Rule with kindness." Lord ROSEBERY merely ignores it fig an unpopular subject. But the tide is turning' Mr CATHCART WASON, the Unionist member for the Orkneys, has just changed sides because 118 has discovered—after a visit to the West of Ire- land in Mr T W RUSSELL'S company—that Uniorr ism will never curs its misery or redress its wrongg, The case of SERGEANT SHERIDAN has touched 511

our consciences in the last few week He was the product of a system which regarded the police not as the protectors and guardians of the community, but/simply as the servants of the executive, employid to repress the majority and uphold the privileges of the landlord caste. That evil all admit. Yet the system of a' centralised police and packed juries—a daily 01 normal coercion—is more or less inevitable untl we concede Home Rule, and so enlist the syn3lo- - of the majority on the side of law and order' Take again the Laud Question. The only solu- tion lies in the compulsory buying out of the land lords. But what English Government would dare to spend the necessary money? Ireland is imPe" tent, for Ireland has not the right possessed 11 every petty corporation at home to pledge It" 4 credit to raise money for a public purpose. Wltilt self-government that difficulty would vanish a' once.

Co. the TOW

There is another instance of the want of operation between committees disclosei in agenda for Tuesday's meeting of the Council. On the minutes of the Paving 3°4_ Sewerage Committee there is a resolution reque ing the Tramways Committee to set back the Pr,: along the south side of Church-street to allow the widening of the carriageway of that street. is not unreasonable to ask if the Paving 9,12„ , Sewerage Committee could net have foreseen I,"' necessity for this improvement before the PI were erected ? The Tramways Committee viol' seem to have the right here to request in rotor° that the Paving and Sewerage Committee pay Or, cost of the removal and re-erection of the poles: J" is their fault that the work has to be done twlee' Of course, whichever committee eventually Ws' the ratepayers are the losers in the end, and WY are entitled to ask for and expect better manage- rnent of their affairs than is here disclosed.

The full story of the shortage of water in the town and the remedial measures adopted is told ill the minutes of the Water Committee. On the 30th of June the Engineer reported on the scarcitY of water, and warning notices were issued. Thence, mattess developed with dramatic sudden- ness. On tho 2nd of July a representative of Messrs. J. Simpson and Co., Ltd., engineers, atten- ded before the Committee, and on the same dal the firm received an order to supply and erect the necessary appliances for the purpose of supplYing the new reservoir at Winwick with water fro' the No. 1 shaft at Delph-lane. Eight dal! later Messrs Simpson reported that they hee started the first temporary pump, and in the course of another 18 hours they were deliveria water at Wit.vvick reservoir. On the 14th Jul/ the committee instructed the Town Clerk t° express their satisfaction to Messrs Simpson, wiles from all accounts fully deserved this commendkr tion. The task they had accomplished was la° small one, involving as it did the chartering of e special train from London to convey the urgentlY required appliances. Furthermore the coit been very considerable, but it could hardly have been avoided seeing that the demand for mita 1.1.14

has so rapidly increased. Another few montli„s grace would have reloived the committee of anxiety for the permanent plant at Delph-1500 would then have been in operation. It is well, indeed, that the Water Committee embarked their scheme of extension when they did, for 600 twelve months delay would have been so serioos that one does not care to contemplate the conslY quences.

There is no progress to report in connectior! with the tramway crossing at Wilderspool. Abou. a month ago the Londonand North-Western Rall' way Company commenced their portion of VA ` work by removing. some overhead wires, and hoe , ran high that the job would soon be completed' , Since then, however, nothing has apparently be°? done, and notwithstanding the strongest possibl representations from the Corporation, best that can be got from the Company is a stare; ment to the effect that the work will be complete" in a few weeks." It is already about 18 mont,llls ' since the Corporation first made overtures to 06 ' Railway Company for the carrying out of th : i work, and correspondence has ncver cease ti the subsequent period, the Railway COO? pany maintaining throughout a most ille°l3; . siderate, non-committal policy. The time weel'e„f , is so out of proportion to the extent the operations required that one cannot help WI seek reasons for, the company's dilatoriness. TheY , seem to have no desire to help the Corporation 1 ' the town in any way, and it will be remember° I that they acted the part of obstructionists to tlzi,,_° , Corporation when the extension of the boroug': , took place in 1896, and also fought the CorPera ' tion Tramways Order in both Houses of Parbws- ment. It is quite evident that Warrington Wl_ no friend in the London and North-Western way Company, and the passing of the resolutwq below is a very proper remonstrance on the part u the General Purposes Committee.:— c. "That this Committee express strong dissatisfa

tion at the unnecessary delay of the London and North-Western Railway Company in carry- ing out the alterations for the Tramways at the level crossings at Wilderspool, and request the Company to cause the works to be completed as soon as practicable:'

The action of the London and North-Western Railway Company in cancelling during the recent holidays their excursion fares to most of the sea- side resorts has seen the subject of much adverse criticism. The public have certainly a grievance against the company. For many weeks past the hoardings have been covered with placards announcing cheap excursions to various parts but not a word has been published that it was the intention of the company to cancel them during the holidays and for Coronation Day. The result has been that many have proceeded to the booking office with a view of obtaining an excursion ticket and have been mortified to find that the clerk has received instructions not to issue excursion tickets at the very time when they would be most in de- mand. It is due to the travelling public that the same publicity should be given to the cancelling of the excursion fares as is given to their announce- ment or such notices may come to be regarded as a delusion and a snare.

The Warrington and District Agricultural Society's Show at Walton Park yesterday, fully maintained the high reputation it has gained of being one of the best district shows in the country. Not only was there a marked increase in the number of entries but the quality oc. the stock shown was even better than the high level reached last year. Those who remember the show when it was held under the auspices of the Warrington Shire Horse Society cannot fail to be struck with the great improvement which has taken place in the quality of the horses in this district. This improvement is largely, if not entirely due, to the good work which has been steadily carried on during :the past thirteen years by that Society. What nas been done for horses may eventually be realised in respect of cattle, pigs and agricultural produce. These classes have been added to the society's programme during recent years. This year's cattle, were, if anything, a little better ;than last year, and this was more noticeable in re- spect of dairy cows. It is too early to speak of the pig classes for this is the first year they have been included in the list of entries,but as there are several good breeders of pigs in the district these classes should show a great improvement in the near future. It was a great disappointment to find so few entries for eggs, dressed poultry and potatoes. In such a rich agricultural district, keener compe- tition may reasonably be expected. The small -awards offered are perhaps accountable for the naeagre list of entries, but in any case there seems some necessity for taking steps to make agricul- tural produce a more popular feature of the show.

Mr. J. W. Knowles cm. Wednesday appeared in tl e peculiar position of solicitor for the defence in a prosecution undertaken by an authority of which he is a member and somewhat of a shining light— the Warrington Rural District Council to wit. Moreover Mr Knowles' objection on a technical point gained the day for the lucky defendants who also obtained costs against the Rural Council. That authority will be puzzled to decide on what basis to assess the value of the services of a mem- ber who gives thorn his advice in Council and then appears against them in Court with advice which costs the district a few guineas.

Before Saturday night there had not been a drowning fatality at Latchford Locks for a con- siderable time, so that the question of the safety of the public who exorcise their right of way at this point has been allowed to drop. The sad occurrence by which a man named Thomas Ashton was drowned in the Locks on Saturday has, how- ever, revived the agitation for a safer thorough- fare over the waterway at this point, and there is no doubt that the demand for some extra precau- tions on the part of the Ship Canal Company, is LJustifieu by the existing facts. Even if a man be drunk it ought to be possible for him to cross the , Locks in safety, whereas a perfectly sober indivi- dual runs great risk at r.resent if the night eir ri).e dar. k or foggy. The least the Canal Company can do is t® light the Locks for the guid- ance of pedestrians, and see that the handrails on the gates are of an efficient, safe description. It is the easiest thing in the world for a person to fall through the existing rails in the centre of the platforin,and we trust that proper measures will be taken to very considerably reduce all possibility of another such accident as that of Saturday night. It is not to the credit of the Canal Company that such indifference is shown with regard to the safety of the public.

" The Trade" in -Warrington is casting enviou eyes on the Lovely-lane district if one may judge by the applications which are to be made at the forthcoming licensing sessions. Mr. Benjamin Kenyon has been allowed for many years to enter the lists alone with his application for a full license for the" Green Man" beerhouse, but this year he is to be accompanied by two other applicants for the magistrates' favour. Mr. E trle of the Green Dragon Inn, Bridge-street has given notice of his mtention to apply for the transfer of his license to premises proposea to be erected in Lovely-lane and Mr. Bolton is also applying for a licence for new premises proposed to be erected in the immediate vicinity. The population of the district is rapidly increasing and we suppose an attempt will- be made to convince the magistrates that the inhabi., tants have not reasonable facilities for obtaining intoxicating liquor. Hitherto the licensing com- mittee has considered several off-licensed premises quite sufficient to meet the needs of the neighbourhood and we cannot .see that the circum- stances of the case have materially altered.

-- Mr. Chamberlain returned to his favourite theme of the hostility of Edrope towards this country in his great City speech. He would have tzs band ourselves together with the Colonies into • a sort of federation against all the rest of the civilised world. It is just this self-conscious aggressive attitude which begets hostility. Mr. Chamberlain is the last man who should talk of these European suspicions as inevitable. They became clamant with • the Jameson Raid, whose authors and contrivers he shielded and whitewashed. They • grew louder when he went out of his way to insult Russia, to threaten France, and to traduce Ger- raspy. They have their root in the sort of feeling which some .of our Jingoes entertain towards Russia. It is said that Russia is so bent on self- aggrandisement that she will break her most solemn pledges. to win a mile of territory. That, unfortunately, is exactly what our enemies say of us. They can point to Egypt, which we have gq oulocitfiee Lordds,w e Yseeckanno promised to evacu.ate. ~T.whee _which preceded the annexa- tion of the Transvaal. It is the Disraeli-Chamber- lain policy, and not the . mere existence of the British Empire, which excites European hostility. Of Mr. Chamberlain's House of i Commons otatement on the future of South Africa t is possible to speak in terms of qualified praise. He referred to the Boers with generous sympathy,apd obviously he is in earnest in his policy of concilia- tion. The mean plan of paying for the iconcentra- ton camps, half-rations, coffins, and all by , confiscating burgher farms has been abandoned, We may soon hope to see some tentative beginnings ot self-government. A risk lies in the evident intention to employ "National Scouts "—Boer deserters who joined our flag—as policemen. We could hardly choose agents more likely to excite the contempt of their countrymen. Lord Miler's conspiracy against the Cape C3nstitution has been defeated for the time being; but, as Sir illiam Harcourt argued, we are making a grave mistake by employinghim further. He has shown his hand too openly. His sole idea of conciliation is to divide the country into so-called loyalists and disloyalists—a name which means nothing more than the opponents of his personal policy. The man Who sought to establish a regime of absolutism is ot the ideal instrument for the building up of a iroe self-governing commonwealth.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RETURN OF ACTIVE SERVICE VOLUNTEER.

Four Runcorn Volunteers who went out on active service to South Africa in the beginning of the year returned home on Saturday. Their names are Privates T P ilort, I'T Dale, S Wnitby and J Royle. They went out With the ,Ird Service Company in February and joined the battalion at Beaters Dorp Sergeant Platt, who went with them, is staying in South Africa. The steamship German which brought the Volunteers to England arrived at Southampton on Thursday evening. The men proceeded to Chester on Friday morning, had an ofll3ial recep- tion at the Castle, and were presented with their medals and bounties. Runcorn bas had representa- tives in the Imperial Yeomany and they are expected home shortly. ASSAULT ON A WIDNES CONSTABLE.

At the Widnes Police Court on Monday morning, Timothy Cummings. 3, Albion-street, Widnes, was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and also with assaulting Fo !ice-constable Thomas G reen wood on Saturday night in the execution of his duty.— The!constable stated that be found the prisoner very drunk, shouting and swearing, and had to lock him up. On the way to the police station prisoner be- came very violent, and kicked wirnms and struck him over the head with his fist. Witness called upon Police-constable Bretherton for assistanca,and with great difficulty they got the man to the station.— Prisoner said he wai too drunk and did not remem- ber,—Police- constable Bretherton gave substantially corroborative evidence.—Prisoner said he would sign the pledge.—Alderman Neil said it was a very great pity that he had nob done so before.—Super- intendent Keighley stated that the prisoner had been up eleven times before—four times being during the present year. In 1899 he was fined for assaulting the police.—Prisoner was fined 108 and costs for being drunk, and received a like sentence for assaulting the constable. • DEATH OF A FORMER RUNCORN RESIDENT.

The death took place on Thursday of last week at the age of 59 of Mr Mark James,of Appleton. Up to 12 years ago the deceased lived in Runcorn and was well-known and respected. He was then en- gaged at the Smelting Works of Messrs Ke'shall and Company as a silver refiner. After leaving Run- corn he occupied a similar position at the Copper Works of Messrs J 11 Dennis and Company, Widnes, where be was held in very high esteem by the officials and employes. For over twelve months he suffered from bronchitis and asthma, and this was the cause of his death. The interment took place at the Runcorn Cemetery on Sunday, the Rev H Morrison 'officiating. In the first coach were Messrs William, Mark, Tono,and Fred James (sons), and in the second coach Messrs John Ham (Liverpool) and Daniel B sbrown(brothers-in-law), and Mr Edward Merryfield. The bearers were Messrs W Hornby, JArnes ' Young, Edward Mason and George Dean. Wr ethos were sent by the following relatives: The widow and sons, Willie and Lizzie, Mark and Sally, Mr John Hain and family, and Mr Daniel Bisbrown and family. SERIOUS FIRE ON THE SHIP CANAL AT RUNCORN.

The steamship Seal of Glasgow, belonging to Messrs G and J Burns, of Glasgow, left Manchester at e.ght o'clock on Thursday night. On arrival at Latchford about eleven o'clock the chief engineer, Alexander Logan, discovered that a fire had broken out in the after-hold, which woe stored with general cargo, cotton goods, &I. Thinking that Runcorn possessed more facilities for dealing with the fire he proceeded on his way and arrived about midnight. An alarm was given and the fire brigade under Superintendent Wright, were quickly on the spot. Six lengths of hose were used and tha hold was deluged with water. The brigade continued at work until seven o'clock on Friday. morning, by which time so much water had been poured into the hold that the boat settled down stern first. The The order of procedure was then reserved, and the water pumped out of the boat. Very little damage was done to the boat, but the cargo was of course either destroyed by fire or ruined by water. Valuable assistance was rendered during the pro- gress of the fire by Superintendent Ennion,Sergeant Cooper and P.C.'s Bowyer and Davies, INQUEST/I AT RUNCORN.

On Tuesday, before Mr Dobson, coroner, at the Runcorn Police Court ,en inquest was held to aching the death of the infant male child of Charles Knott, of Back Gilbert-street. Toe medical evidence show• ed that the child had died from a f osion of the heart in consequence of the stomach distending by the child being fed. A verdict in accordance with this statement was returned.— At the same time and place an inquest was held touching the death of George Cox (47), 30, Trinity- street, labourer. The evidence showed that deceased had lived with his sister, Harriett Worrell, for 14 years, and had always had good health. He came home on Saturday and complained of pains in the stomach. He had some boiled milk and went to bed, but was up several times during the night. On Sunday morning be again complained and was given some tea and whisky. He then lay down on the sofa and Dr. McLennan was sent for, but before he arrived the man had died.—Dr, McLennan deposed that the man died from heart failure caused by excessive diarrhosa.—A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned. FUNERAL OF A VOLUNTEER VETERAN.

The remains of the late Mr John Buckley, a veteran member of the local Volunteers, whose death took place on the previous Wednesday, were interred in the Runcorn Parish Churchyard on Saturday afternoon. Deceased was connected with the Volunteer', movement for 37 years and was the recipient of a hug service medal. He was 64 years of age. Practically the whole of his life was spent in the employment of the Bridgewater Canal Com- pany, and for 26 years he was foreman porter at the Top Locks Warehouse. He had been a member of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, No. 382 for 40 years. Toe chief mourners present were : Messrs Edward and John Buckley (sons), Mr F Nickson, of Manchester, and Mr Radley (sons-in- law), Messrs D and A Shaw (brothers-in-law), and Messrs Martley and Lea. There were also present about 20 members of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, several representatives of the Bridge- water undertaking and Mr Norman. The service was conducted by the Rev IV Li cholas M.A. The bearers were Messrs Bowyer, Pendlebury, Owen and Gleave. The coffin was covered with beauti- ful floral tributes sent by relatives and friends.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
- . INDIAN GUESTS AT RUNCORN.

A party of Indian notabilities, who came as the 11 King's guests to the Coronation,paid a visit to Run- corn on Monday. They were en voyage from Liver- pool to Manchester on the Ship Canal on the s s, Charles Galloway and made a stay of two hours at Runcorn. They were receive I by Captain Heasley marine superintendent, and conducted to Bridge- water House where luncheon was served. Tne names of the visitors are the Hoc Na wab Hum- tazucldaula Mahomed Faivoz All Khan of Pahasu, representative of the United Provinces of India ; the Hon Nawab Pateh Ali Khan Kizilbash of Lahore!represeating the Punjab; the Hon Meherban G H. Vinchurkar, representing the Bombay Presid- ency; the Hon G H Chitnavis C.l.B.,representing the Central Provinces ;Rs,i J Barna,representing Assam; Maung On Ghain, representing Burma, the Hon John Pollen,L.L.D.,T.C.S.,of Bombay, political officer bi charge. After luncheon several speeches were made Captain Heasley extended a cordial welcome to the distinguished party and expressed the hope thatsthey would return to India favourably im- pros ed by the British Isles. Mr Barns who spoke ng ish fluently, said to an interviewer " We have ' been very much impressed by our tour. Our ex- pectations have been more than realised. The most wonderful of all the things we have been privileged to see has been reserved to the last and that is the Ship Canal. Such a marvel of engineering skill was really beyond our comprehension." After luncheon the party made an inspection of the Bridgewater Locks, which created great interest and then re-embarked for Manchester.

30,000 BLIND PEOPLE have had their sight restored by HEti,olc, 168, Oxford-stree Manchester. The most successful Eye Specialist in England. He has °mad after Hospitals, Doctors, and Oculists have failed: Book poet free on mentioning this paper,—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

LBY A. CORRESPONDENT]. The Co-operative Stores annual meet.ing was rather a protracted oae and the meeting discussed some very important proposals. It is very probable that, are long, the would•be committee man will have to fight a harder contest than he does at present-, in order to gain a seat on the board of management There can be no question but there is something radically wrong with the present system of repro sentation. Under existing conditions a candidate has to fight a whole district, and the scale, tor his acceptance or rejection, is turned by the persoas in outlying districts who know little or nothing about him. The more business-like method would:be t 3 split the district up into wards and choose a man for each.

There can be but little doubt that the private traders in Runcorn look upon the Stores with a cer- tain amount of mistrust if not tdownright jealousy. This is due to thefact that there is really no telling at what point the society will eventually stop in its career of enterprise. The majority of tradesmen live in mortal terror lest the company encroach still further upon what were at one time the " pro- serves " of a privileged class. It can safely be asserted that there would be joy in the camp of the Philistines if the enormous turnover of the Stores could be diverted from its now customary channels into the shopkeepers' pnkets.Meanwhile residents. in Common with other towns, are watching the struggle at t. Cleans with eager ex2ectation.

Mr. Evans, the pioneer of the Runcorn society, will sever his connection with the system he has so strenuously upheld at the end of the present half year. His resignation will be the snapping of another link between the old-fashioned Runcorn or the past and the modern Runcorn of to-day. In the early days of the movement Mr. Evans reso- lutely applied his energies to the building up of the system which, it is contended, has done so much for the working-class, fie was early electe treasurer and maintained that position worthily to the pre sent moment. Co-operator and non-c..'o-opsrater alike will feel genuinely sorry that Ir. Brans ie suffering from continual

Halton ere long will be commit/-ed to a sew ,rage scheme which will cost the village a sum of at least £3,000 There can be no question but from a t•eta' cal standpoint that the brook is polluted even though the inhabitants do not suffer any deleteri- ous effects from the drinking of brook-water. There is absolutely no way of escape from the Leen, Government Board for the inhabitants. They wit; be compelled to embark upon the scheme no matte, how distasteful it may be to the taxpayer in general and the Council in particular.

The Council are to be complimented on the way they despatch public business. The meeting yes- terday lasted only eight minutes which near') equalled the performance under Mr Lightburn who holds the record with seven minutes. There was one important subject introduced,namely the neces- sity for students to obtain an elementary grounding in mathematics before grappling with the intrica- cies of science. Students who wish to ensure success will do well to ,q,ive a litte more attentior to the elementary portion of their work than thel have hitherto accustomed themselves to do.

The regatta in connection with the boating club held on Bank Froliday was a splendid success, sac the secretary, Mx Hulps, deserves hearty cong rate lation on the manner in W hch he pioneered the venture to a succe,sful issue. It is pleasing to record that the regatta is a financial success no lea than it was a spectacular one. Mr Mintage,' carried off in triumph the premier honours of tht day, and the handsome cup and camera, which h, won last year, now become his own personal pro party. Runcornians will eagerly look forward tc the meeting next year, and there can be no doubt but that the fete will become one of the town't hardiest and most popular annuals.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOATING CLUB. Annual Regatta.

Toe second annual regatta in connection with thi above club was held on Monday on the Weaver Cana under spteadid atmospheric conditions. Cansiderabl interest was manifested in the proceedings, there being a very large number of spectators. The programme was an exc Lently varied one scri several of the item, were productive of considerable amusement. The pelo match bet moon Warrington and Cheyer which reaulfeo in a draw of ens goal each was the chief event of interest other than the qtnater mile skiff race for the club championship. air W A Millanger, th, holder of the cup, was again successful in winning the race for the third time so that the camera and silver challenge cup now become his pen:Linen: property. Tile officials are to be congratulated on the efficiero minder in which tley discharged taeir duties, the secretary Mr Hulse, deserving special mention for the admirable way in which he In filed the duties for whicd he was responsible. : The presidant of the club is Sirß M Brooke,and 'he vice presid date and patrons include his Grace the Dies of Westminstsr and Sir J T Binang.er, Bart, M.P. Tar officials were as lell we :—Official handicapper, J Monody; starter and timekeeper, M J Vi'arriner ; judges, J Stokes, J Griffiths, J Hurstfield, C S Snowdon ; com- mittee, J W Wiswall, J Savage, R Bennion, B P Johnson, T G Moore, J Peacack, R Johnson, J G Millington. W Harvey, J Beck, H McNorton, C Timmins, P McNerton, S Banks,P It Wright, F Timmig ; hon treasurer, II G Johnson; hon secretary, Albert E Hulse. The results were as follows :

Quarter-mile Single Pair Sculls (handica?).—Winners of heats : J Savage, 9 Clarke, H Jones, P Mites, J H Hamilton, and T W Whyte. Sscond r mad : Savage and Miles. Final : To be decided on Saturday. 50 Yards Boys' Swimming Race (four miles radius).— Winners of heats : F Mason, William Grear, J R Salters, I Grear, Knowles and B flinnig.an, Widnes. Final : 1, J Great ;2, J R Salters ;3, W Grear. • Quarter-mile Double Pair Scull Race (lady steerer).— Winners of heats: F Abel and W A Miltinger, with Miss B Thomas ; J Savage and H Jones,with Miss Hill. Final : 1, F Abel and W A Miliinger, with Miss B Thomas. Walking Greasy Pole.—Frank Parkes, Runcorn. 220 Yards Swimming Race (scratch).-I,W A Cur wen, Liverpool ; 2, A Manning, Birkenhead ; 3, William Holt, Birkenhead. 100 Yards Swimming Race operth —Winners of heats: J Peers, Warrington ; F J Treanor, Everton ; R H Allen, Warrington ; A Frost, Smthill ; J R Sisson, North Liverpool ; and W Rol, Birkenhead. Final : 1, Sisson; , 2, Allen ' • 3, Peers. 50 Yards Members' Swimming John Carroll ;2, W E Paterson F Abel, who was easily first, was disqualified for starting a Second before time. Qaarter-Mils Skiff Race (scratch) Club Championship Challenge Cap.—Winners of Heats : J H Bamlltn, W A Malinger, R Johnson and J Savage. Final : 1, Millinger, 2, R Johnson. Duck Hunt.—Joseph Bignall, Weston, and William Bonito:), Chester. Obstacle F G Treanor, Evertoa; 2,H Parker, Liverpool. . •

HalF-Ddile Three Pair Scull Rama vrittiCor.—Winnera of heats : a Jones, J Savage, Plera, and F Lea ; H Gerrardai Wri,eht.J Thomas and r Whyte. The second crew won the final.

The prizes which were a very handsome set were pre sented bv Mrs J Stokes, of Gifton. The Weston Point Works Pf;Z3 Band (Mr G ibbinsoa, conductor) played selections during the afternoon, and for dancing in Mr Stokes' meadow in the evening.

C R A WF OR D'S CREIm .

CRACK ERS CRISP

AND CREVI'T

===== 0002601_19020808_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY AUGUST B. 1902 WARRINGTON SHOW. Yesterday's Proceedings at Walton Park.

Yesterday, Walton Park was once more the scene lof the annual show in connection with the War- rington and District Agricultural Society. It will I be remembere i that the society commenced thirteen years ago under the auspices of the Warrington Shire Horse Society. Success attended the annual mare and foal shows,and ultimately the Warrington and District Agricultural Society was evolved. Additional classes were added, and the show now comprises classes for shires and draught geldings, hunters, hackneys and harness,jumpers, cattle,pigs• batter, cheese, eggs, dressed poultry, and potatoes For a successful 'show—especially in a financia sense—fine weather is essential. During the past three years, however, the society has not been favoured with this necessity. Oa Wednesday when exhibitors were preparing to despatch their ex- hibits, rain fell almost continuously, and yesterday morning opened with weather ot a threatening character. Towards noon rain fell heavily and it looked as though the show was doomed to experience another wet day. In the after- noon, however, the weather took a more favourable turn and continued fine to the close of the show to the delight and benefit of all con- cerned. The number of exhibits this year compares most faveurably with last year's total. The cata- logue showed 42,4 entries as compared with 394 last ' year. Thera were more shire entries and consider- ably more draught geldings, this latter class being a special feature of the show. There was a re- markably fine exhibition, in fact one could not dud better quality anywhere in the coun- try. All •the classes were well filled and there was the keenest competition throughout. In several instances the services of a referee were required. The defeat of the London winner "Red- I lauds Duke " by an animal belonging to Mr Edward Davies. of Partington, created great surprise. "Redlands Duke "carried off the first prize at Ad- lington on Wednesday. He has won prizes all over the country, a notable one being the Coronation Cup at Liverpool. Mr Davies's animal is, however, a weighty specimen of great promise. Some fine animals were also exhibited by Colonel R I Black- borne, Mr James Gould, and Mr E Gibbon, the former gentleman's exhibits obtaining the principal awards.

In the district clases for hunters there was a substantial improvement on previous years, and the hope was generally expressed that the farmers in the neighbourhood would see their way to breed more high-class horses of the hunter clav, owing to the big demand for such animals. The open classes contained some of the best examples that could be found in the kingdom and the exhibits of Mr 3 H Stokes, of Market Harboro', were a lung way superior to any other exhibit in these particu- lar classes. One of his animals, " Tennis ball," has won prizes all over the kingdom. It would have been interesting t 3 see Mr Stokes' " Tennis Ball " and "May Day "competing in the same class. The hackney classes were also very creditable: The cattle class: s were uniformly good, and, if any- thing, they were better than last year. An iimprove- 'neat was especially noticeable in the clasees Ur dairy , cows. In class 35 Mr Richard Clarke, of Warburtou, obtained the first prize with an excellent beset which was succtsgul all over the country last year. Mr John Longshaw. of Grappf,nhall, was awarded the first wiz?. for an animal of first Clips quality. So equal did tee judges consider the merits of these two dairy cows that, in awarding the special prize, they were compelled to call in an umpire, who decided in favour of Mr Clarke' s exhibi!.. In one of the classes I for bulls Mr Clarke carried off anothe:, firvt and a first was also awarded respectively to Mr W Gould, of Lymm, and Mr James Parr, of Hatton, all I three animals being very favourably comm(ntecl upon I The heifer exhibits were good, and in ens of the classes, Mr G J Baxter, of Stretton, won the first and third prize?.

For the first time three classes for pigs have beeo added to the list of entries, but the number of competi- tors was few owing to the fact that the district did not know of the addition, and also to the stringent police regulations with reference to the removal of swine. I, There was a distinct falling off in the entries for , eggs, dressed poultry and potatoes, the only apparent cause being the unfavourable season during the early part of the year. There were some excellent exhibits of Cheshire cheese, especially in the smaller size, which ranged from 20 to 30 lbs. The butter exhibited was of nice quality. The secood priz 3 should have fallen to Sir Richard Brooke, of Norton Priory, but as the cot ddions respecting weight were tot complied with, the exhibit was dhquaiified. Some very good specimens of eggs were shown, particularly ire the coloured variety. There were very few entries in the potato claws, but some nice samples were shown. Another special feature of the show was the divisicn of 19cal tradesmen's tarnou.:9, there being three classos instead of two as in former years, thus enabling the light aucl heavy horses to be judged separately. There were eight stands in the show grounds for advertising purposes, the exhibitors including Garton's, Limited, Seed Growers and Merchants, Warrington; Dutton and Bean. Agricultural Imple- ment Ag-nt4, Warrington ; William Cartwright, Honey and Bee Appliances, Moore,near Warrington. Mrs Massey, Acton Grange Nurseries, near War- rington,and J A Morrisma,Seedsman,Golden-square, Warrington. During the afternoon the band of the Liverpool Con- stabulary played an exceffent selection of music.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICIALS.

Praise is due to the following officials for the excellent arrangements which were made :—President.Sir Gilbert Green&ll, Bart. ; vice-president, Colooel R Ireland Black- burne ; committee, Messrs Richard Ainscough, Alfred Broome, T Charnock, Richard Clarke, Samuel Davies, William Fairhurst, 13 Greenough, J Gould, S Gould, Edward Gibbon, James Heptiei.d, W B Jones, J Main- waring, Hairy Mawdaley, Henry Milling, jun., H G Joseph Roberts, Shakeshaft, James Tinsley, jun., Frederick finaley. Joseph Tickle, Coloncl ,Hall Walker Mr John White ; Hon. Secretary, Mr Colin Maclver ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr Joseph Knowles ; Secretary, Mr H Beresford Melville, 23, Bold-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JUDGES.

SHIRES AND DRAUGHTS GELDINGS.-Mr Henry Smith, Cropwell Bo' ler, near Nottingham, and Mr Thomas Forshaw, Sntfield, Carlton-on-Trent. EIUNTERS.-Mr R Corber. M F H.Addertly, Market Drayton, and Mr Mc Neill, M F H, Broadway, Worces- ter. HACKNEYS AND HARNESS.--111* T Mitchell, Th, Park, Eccleshill, Bradford, and Mr G3orp H Warren, S:ra w- herry Field, Wootton, Liverpool. JUMPERS.-Mr Christopher Wilson, Rigmaden Park, Kirkby Lonsdate, and Mr E WlGriffith, Knipton, Gran- tham. .

CATTLE.—Mr A Stretton, Sibthorpe, Newark, arid Mr W Bewley. Old Park, Warwick. PIGS.—Mr D R Daybrll, BottPeford, Nottingham. BUTTER, CHEESE, EGGS AND DRESSED POULTRY.—MiRs Forster, (Cheshire County Council). Dairy Institute, Worleston. _ .

POTATOES.—Mr Joshua Ball, Southworth Hall, near Warrington. CONSULTING! VETERINARY SURGEONS.—Mr. Hugh Fey- guson,Warrington and Mr. Joseph Welsby, West Derby, Liverpool. REFEREE....-11r. John Stuart, Rostherne. STEWARDS.

SHIRES AND DriAi;;J;;T:. 73;EIDINGS.—Messrs Peter Knowles, Edward Gibbos,Arthur Uimtott, Josepli Tickle aod John Whitlow. . . _

CATTLE —Messrs George Whitlow, Joseph Percival, J Atkinson, and Ralph Tickle. HUNTERS AND VlPERq.—Messrs TinelPy, jun., H Ferguson, enry Whitlow, Gilbert Halsall and Joseph Piarner. HACKNEYS AND HARNESS„—MeSSIS H Gordon Robcrts, Joseph Baxter, Henry Milling, jun., and F G Fairhurst. BUTTER, CHEESE Enc+3, DRESSED POULTRY AND POTATOES.—MeS9rS J Bayley-Isaac, F H Milling, J Cooper and J Shotton. FINANCE.—Mr J E Seeker.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LUNCHEON.

At one o'clock luncheon was served in a large marquee Sir Gilbert Greenall presiding. Amongst those present were r—Sir Gilbert Gresnall, Bart, and Lady Greemall, Mr and Mrs C E Greenall, Mr and Mrs E W Griffiths, Mr Cbristopher Wilson, Rev L J T and Mrs Darwall,Colonel R I and Mrs Blackburne Mr F Stapleton Bretherton, Rev F Clifton Smith, Hen Mrs Cross, Hon J E Cross, Alderman Roberts, Mr and Mrs John White, Miss Whitley, Messrs Z Armitige, J Drav,e, Mitchell, Corbet, A L Goodson, H Greenall, C Wilson, J Hepherd, A Lister Kaye, H Tinsley, J Ashton, G E Warburton, John Cozon,W Fletcher, Vere B Davies, EJ S Brethertm, James Tinsley, iota, John Stewart, R Ainscough, C Schwabe, and Evans. Sir Gilbert Greenall proposed the loyal toasts of "King Edward NM " and " Queen Alexandra and the rest of the Royal Family." Alderman ROBERTS in proposing the toast of the " Warrington and District Agricultural Society," stated that be was rather sorry the toast had not beep ea- t truEted to someone more directly connected with Berl- cuiZure than be was. He, however, hoped that those of them who knew a great deal more abut the eubj = et than he did would be generous in their trio.ights it he did not do that justice to the toast which it merited, and which they would like to see done. But ! whet he might lack in that respect he would endeavour to make up in heartiness. (Hear, hear.) He remem- bend 13 years ago, whe.ri the first show in connection

with the society was held. It was then a very little thing ; but to-day he thought they might say that the little one of 13 years ago had almost become a thousand. ! (Applause). He hoped all present might five to see the day that the suggestion would become a fact. That the Society had become a great success was beyond ques- tion. The attendance and exhibits every year proved that beyond all doubt., (Hear, hear.) But if the only ! justification for its existence lay in the fact that they had a pleasant afternoon in those beautiful grounds, and an excellent opportunity of seeing a epleudici couection of auimals—cattle and horses—those ! two facts alone wculd not be sufficient to justify the continuance of a society of that kind, but ne claimed that the society had done very good and useful work during the 5,11F3 it had been carried on. (Hear, hear.) 'They could now find in every stable in Warrivgton ane district a very much better class of horse than was the fact even a few years ago. They might find also that while they might have won a prize with a moderately respectable decent horse a few years ago at this show they could not do so tc-day. (Elear,hear.) He contended that the whole of the improvement which was to he seen in the streets of Warrington in regard to the horses which were daily traversing those streets and in regard to the quality of the horses which had to be shown if they were to take the prizes at that show was duet, the efforts of that society. (Hear, hear). This improvc- merit could not have corns about without a cot-Aide:aids amount of work both on the part of the committee and on the part of the officials. It was difficult to think of taat society—without associating in one's mind the fact that its prcsident had been such a generous god-father 'to it. (Applause.) He had bad the pleasure for two years of proposing the health of the President but for some inscrutable reoson which he could not explain, he had been deprived of that honour (Laughter.) But he had the honour of associating with the toast he now proposed the name of the president, Sir Gilhert arsenal!. (Applause.) In conclusion,Alder- man Roberts said the society bad great claims upon every lover of borse-flesh in the immediate neighbour- hoscl. He did not think the society had received that amount of gmerous support to which it was entitled. and he hoped what had been said might lead those who were fond of seeMg a good horse and good cattle not to he content to take the advantages which a society of this kind was giving without doing something to con- tribme to its maintenance and continued prosperity. (Applause.) The toast was drunk with enthusiasm, the company after wards joining in the singing of" For he's a joly good fellow." In respeodieg Sir GILBERT GREENALL thanked those present for the manner they had received the toast which was so kindi roposed by their friend and neigh- bour, Alderman Robe-te He was one of those gentle- men who for many years hart done so much by their support and influence to achieve the succsss which the scciett had gained. Since the show was enlarged three years age,they Lad been most unfortunate with the weather and consequently the rate money had suffered to some extent. Bat it gave him a gre :ter pleasure to se:!, that the entries had increased very 1 org ly both !in numbers and especially in quality and be . . thought if they peraeveied they must eventually have better luck with the weather. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the sun wou d once more shine upon them as it ' used to do when they held the show on the site where toe very palatial and rather large police courts are situated. (Laughter.) Sir Gilbert concluded by pro- posing the health of the judges, coupling with it the name of Mr Reginald Corbett. Responding to this toast, which was cordially ' received. Mr CORBET said it was the greatest pleasure to the judges to come to assist in that show. He thought the district owed a debt of g,atirurie to Sr Gilbert Greenall for the interest and support he gave to the show. He never saw anything better done—it was a miniature Royal. (Hear hear.) He thought all local shows should be well supported, for toey were of far Mors use to the farmers than sun shows as the Royal. Farmers could come to a show of that kind with some chance of g. ttiog a priz 2. whereas they could not at the Royal. Tnere were classes to entourage local people to show, and moreover there were prizes given t encour- age owners of all the hest hones in aiglaed to show. Such horses were an exeellent lessoe to farmers, and showed what was roq sired at first class shows. He would stronaly advise thin to take advantage of the opportunity cffered. (Applause). Mr. KNOWLE3 proposed the health of the President in felicitous terms, sad stated that as lenges Sir Gilbert Greenall supported the aooicty as be did, it would get along.

*The tout wts lirtilc rsc-ive2. ThreP chers were raised 1.-ir Sir GiihBrt Greenall and scr:ther for " Vie heir."

In achnowledv„ing the compliment, Sir GILBERT said he could only assure them oncs uijr ut tue great pleasure it gave him to entertain them. (Sear, hear). Toe proceedings then terminated. PRIZE LIST.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO-OPERATEVE SOCIETY. -- Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of the above Society wa held on Tuesday evening in the Co-ope•ative Hals when there was a moderate attendance of membersl. .Nlr scragg, chairman oi the Management Commit- tee, was elected to the chair, on the motion of _moan Cosier and Millington. There were also pre (mu :—Messrs J Wittiugton, W Millington, T Wasson, T Cosier, J Ravvlinson, T Priestly, W wiitiall, Joseph Navvhall, W E Dadley, W Dyer, J J ky ti lorrii (manager). the THE COMLITTEE TO THE MEIYIBERS. or;., ‘2,013103. t,G13..1 rvor tea as follows;—" The sales i 11.; J 3.1`.h, 1912, show a trade £ e c 1,366 13i sid an lacrease of ..E6 729 13s 311 on th£ orresponding half of last year, and an incte3se , Oft ( i a p arad wica tte December ha f -sae. :1.'7,a! in sing• fall ailowatic for the sum a d,r it 'Tv ar.3st upon capital and , depreciation of °or several prsperties according to

we ,

_ as net pleat. We recommend a dividend of 3s in tha £, which will ab orb the sum of £12,195 and £5 to educational fund, Laves a balance of £227 153 40.. Wiz]] a portion cf this bala nee, wa pro- pose, with so ir sanction to make a special depreciation on the fiA:tares aud baitdings of the following branches.—No 2 Branch, Lowland-road, 11,incorn, No 20 Branch, Halsby, and No.; 1 and 4 Branches Widnes. This will. absorb the sa mof £lOO, and the remainder £57 153 i we recommend being placed to the dividend reserve fu id." Mr Bowyer pointed or, in connect:on with the cash account that some of the fodd stuff recently spoiled in the firs at Eatfour-road were sold to members who suffered in the pu^chase. This food ,ruff so damaged should have been charged for whoa claiming insurance. The Chairman thought they cilia oat of t matter fairly well. They did not get full particu- lars of the damaged stuff and they did not want to take any undue advantage of the insurance.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ALLEGED INJUSTICE TO WIDNES.

Mr Yowl thought something ought to be done to facllitate the busines at the Widnes drapery. TO t) rland3 employed az, the Runcorn and Widnes depart- ments were just the same, yet the turn over from Widnes was considerably more than at Runcorn. The tailoriag,too, was done through private tenders whde Runcorn had a separate department. There were fees charged he noticed for deputations. He wished to know what the deoutaions were. The (Thairman replied that the accommodation tt Widnes was at present under consideration. Something would be done in the matter era long. ['he money mentioned was allowed for incidental )spenses for committee men going to Manchester with buyers in Stc. PROPOSID BOWLING GREEN FOR MEMBERS,

_ Oa the consideration of the land account Mr Leadstone suggested that the waste land in Halton road should be converted into a bowling green fo- he recreation of the member& The Chairman said the committee would consider ,he matter.

A DIVITIEND QUESTION. Mr Bowyer called attention to the fact that in ;he houses in Speakman-street the committee were lepreciating not on the nominal value but on the vaiue. The members were thus being robbed of a certain amount of their dividend. (Cries " No, no.' The Caairraan : We are depreciating on the lominal value. , THE STORES THEIR OWN WATER CARRIERS.

Mr .Bowyer asked whoa they were going to carry their own coal from the collieries. They were sell- tug over £3,000 worth, and they ought to have toeir own narrow boats to save unnecessar y expense. The chairman replied that they had previously done into the matter and founi they could not :arry it as cheaply as it was now being done by ;he colliery owners themselves.

THE BALANCE SHEET.

The balance sheet was approved on the motion of Lr Lloyd, who complimented the committe.e on heir excellent statement. THE EITOREI ELECTION.

The chairman declared that the election on Satur- lay resulted in the election of Mr J B Houghton, and the re-election of Messrs Hartles and Cosier, who hal 337, 241, and 236 votes respectively-

===== 0002601_19020808_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENTS.

The follawing gentlemen were re-elected to their respective pNitians auittor, Mrgboaaas, Brodrick ; arbitrators, Messrs R H Posnett,, P Neale Imison, W J Cunningham, H ‘Balcer ; scrutineers Niessrs Yowl. Prescott Dean (Widnes), G Milling- ton, Sayles, Bowyer (Runcorn).

===== 0002601_19020808_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
A -CO-OPERA-TIVi CONVALESCENT, HOME.

The North Western section of the:Co-operative Union called thqattention of the society to a move- ment directed to the establishments of Convales- cent homes for co-operators. A home worthy of 1-,uch a movement could be erected for £25,000, and the committee suggested that the money be raised iby shares and that each society becoming& member of the Convalescent Homes Association should take up over £1 share for every forty of its members and should subscribe such sums annually as it may agree upon as a maintenance fund, and for every .C 1 subscribed a society should be entitled to a recommend not to exceed two weeks' residence in the Home for any convalescent person it may nominate.

Mr Dudley said that the Scotchmen had hitherto been to the front in establishing these convalescent homes. The Cu-operative Wholesale Society had established one at Rowdon, 'Shrewsbury. The homehad been established out of the profits of each half-year. The North-Western Society had now taken the matter up and proposed to erect one at Norbreck. It was time that the co-operators should awaken to the importance of the matter. Toe Runcorn society would have to pay £1 per 40 mem- bers which would be about £l4O. That would entitle them to send a member for tyvo weeks for .£1 to the home. The secretary said that the feeling of the com- mittee was that the Runcorn society should sup- port it. After further :discussion it was resolved to con tribute .£l5O as share capital and to subscribe a• further amount per annum to be decided on when the money was required, on the motion of Mr R Gibbs.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF AN OLD OFFICIAL.

The following letter was read from Mr J Evans, treasurer of the society :—" In consequence of my advanced age and ill health. I am obliged to resign my post as treasurer to the society with the close of the present half year." The Chairman said all would regret the step Mr Evans had felt compelled to take. He was an old and faithful and valued servant of the Society.

Mr Lloyd thought none had done more for the society than Mr Evans, He was a member of the society in its infancy and he was not afraid to shoulder a heavy load across to Widnes. Practically speaking he was one of the pioneers of the society. He hoped when the tim came that he would receive a suitable testimonial to show their appre- ciation of the services he had rendered in the past. (Applause.) I.lr Wittington thought it would be quite feasible far the committee to consider the pensioning off of ' such an old servant. (Applause). The Chairman : We shall be allowel to discuss this matter at a special meeting.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RETIRING COMMITTEEMAN.

The Chairman said that they were about to lose the service of Mr,Willaas, a memher of the com- mittee, who had rendered valuable service to the Socior,y. He regretted they were losing his services but changes would come and they had to be raced. Messrs. Priestly Lloyd, Wittingten, Millington, Bowyer and others eolo4isei the work of the retir- ing committeeman to which Mr Willans briefly re plied.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPRESENTATION SYSTEItt

Mr Wittington thnu-got they were missing some of the best men by the present system of sending men to the Board. He considered the whole dis- trict should be divided into wards, so that each man would have to fight not a whole district but a particular ward. Mr Bowyer said he would give thb necessary notice of motion that the rule be altered. Mr Eden seconded. .

Mr ifilirri-g-t-o-n-O7nTtend ed it wo u!d not be fair to vaguely give a notice of motion to alter a rule without giving some idea as to what alteration was to be made.

Mr Wittiton said that the representation on the Board wal not got by a fair method. It was the duty of the committee to consider the matter and to present a report and a scheme. Mr Lloyd seconded that the Committee formulate a scheme. .

It was ultaq2C7ely resolved tlJat, the Cont consider the quesOoti.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
S rx

_ DISTR:CT nilre3 four year; old ant upwards with foal at foot 1, J Gould, Lymm 2, 11 Gibbon, Yew Tree Farm, Lynam :3, Co'onel Blackburns, -(ale Hall. Mares four years and upwards, wittout, 1 3 Knowles, , Agden ;2, Colonel Blaakourne ; 3,A C Sparks Oldfield,Altrin- cham. Colt foals‘the Warrington Sofro Horse Society off ire I special premi urns £.3 and £ in thi4 class foe the two best foals got hi the shire stallion "The Forest Chief"): Ist and premium, B Gibbon, (Lyrnm ; 2. Mrs Garnett. Ta,bock near Prescott ; 2 premium. L Jones, Moore ; 3, W Cunningham, Childwail. Filly foals the soaiety Offered spieial premiums as In previous class) : I, Colonel Bleckburne ; 2, J Gould. Lymm ; 3, T Booth, Lyrom ' • Ist premium. J K Priestner, Appleton ; 2nd pre :Ilium, Henry Mawdsley, Hatton. Yearling colts or geldings- 1, T Charnock, Hale ; 2, J Gould, Lymm ;3, T Jeffi, Helsby. Yearling Sltes: 1, J Gould ; 2, A C Sparkes, Al- trineham ;3, and It Aiascough, limste,r. Two-year-old. colts : 1 if and H ainsaougo, iiistsy. Two-year-old fillies I. and 2 Colonel Blackhurne : 3, Timmy: Jeffs. Helshy, Three-yearmbi fillies : 1, J Gould, Lymm ; 2, A Broome. Preston Brook ; 3. Exors of John Blaskshaw. Hatton, , Geldings foaled in 1898, 1899 and IEOO : 1 and 2, R Davies Partlne.ton, Cheshire ; 3, William Weir, Walton, near Werrington. OPEN CLA.9BE9.—Brood mares four years old and upward, with foal at foot : 1. Jam's Lvenen , 2, Samuel Jones Little Sutton, near Chester ; 3, Charles Baker, Astbury Congleton. Colt foals 1, V C W Cavendish, M.P.. Bolter, Cark-in-Cartmel ; 2, John Whitta'4er Kmworthy, Kelsail ; 3, Thomas Jeffs, Helsbv. Piny tolls 1, John W Kmwarthy. Kelsall ;2, Colonel IL I Blackburne Charles Baker. Mt- bury. Geldings foaled In 1895 1898, 1897, 1898 : 1 and 3. Edward Davie:, Partington ; 2. Th maas Edwards,Litherlarad,

HU.NrEIt.

Msmar CILABBILS.—Brood mares, having produced a living I foal by, or stinted to. a thoroughbred or registered hunter I sire in 1902. (Sir Gilbert Gresnall gave a premium of £ 3 I for the best exhibit belonging to a tenant farmer), 1 an 4 premium, 0 Schwabe, Ardent. near Altrinc ham ; 2, ft Needham, Bowden ; 3, Mrs Di Griffiths Broken Cross, Northwich. Foals by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire I. H Needham ;2, Mrs M Garnett, Tarbock ; 3, J Hewitt, Stretton. Yearling colts, geldings, or fillies &c., (premium of £2 by Sir G Greenall tor best exhibit of tenant farmer) : Ist ano 2nd and premium. Mrs „II Griffiths, Broken Cross, Northwich. Two 1 or three-year-old ge dings or fillies &re, (like premium by Sir G Greenall) : let and premium, 3 Andrews, Frodsham • 2, W Harrison,lffew Pale, Manley , 3, F Shakeshaft,Crouchey, Lymm, OP EN CLeasee.—Hunter mares or geldings haled in 1893 : 1 and 2,3 FL Stokes, Markq Harboro' ;3, W and J A Cheney, Peterborough ; 4, John Drags. Northamotm. Hunter mares or geldings foaleel in 1395,1893, 1397, or 1893 : 1, 2 aad 3, J H Stokes, Market Harbor°. ; 4 Herbert B , Cory, Card ff. Winter mares or geldings foaled in 1895,1896, I 1897, or 1898, equal to carry 14it 71bs and upwards : 1, J Ii SttAres, Great Bowdon : 2,W and J A Cheney. Peterborough; 3, W Gale, Melton Mowbray ; 4, Sir H F de Trafford. Market Harboro'. HACKNI3YS.

DiaTater °LAMM-Br() mares by r3Aistered hlcku.y having produced a living foal by or stinted to a registered hackney in 192 (premium of £3 by Sir G (Ireenall for best exhibit by tenant farmer): 1. A L Godson, Heathfield, Knutsford ; 2 and 3, J Makeague, Golborne Park; premium. T Percival. Moore. Foals, 1 ea/ 2 adakeague ; 3, A L Goods^n. Yearling c)lts. gelding or MACS (E 2 premium for tenant farmers by Sir (1 Greenall) • 1. Goodson ; 2 and premium, A C Sparkes, Oldiield. Altrincham ;3, 0 Bow.r, Appleton Thorn. Two or three year old geldings or tidies (2?. premium by Sir G Greenall) : 1, the Halewood Stud Co., Liverpool • 2 and rmemium, eaors of J Blackshaw. Hatton; 3. AC 'Spa' kes. Pony brood mare., not exceeding 14 hand• (23 premium ete) : 1 and premium,C Bower :2 and 3, J Hakeague. Foals by registered hackney or hackney pony stallion out of mares entered in 'previous class: 1. C Bower ; 2, J McWaters, Halebank, Widnes ; 3, 3 Makewne.

HARNESS. CLLSSES OPEN OLLS3E9—Mares or galdingsl 5 hands and over : I, Ms Ella S Ross, Sale: 2. Thomas Bailey Sykes Poulton- le- Pylde ; 3, G Pimlott. Altrincharn, Mares or geldings under 15 hands and exceeding N hands 1. W J Dawn, Cardiff; 2, Frank J Batchelor, Alvechurch, Worcestershire ; 4, George Ledson. Bromborough. Mares or geldings not exceeding 14 hand. 1, GJ4 Franklin, Derby; 2, W 1 Tatoin, Cardiff ; 3, Ailliam Foster, 7.P.. Mosley.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
JUMPERS.

OPEN TO THE UNITED wiliN-G-D-O-NI—(OVER litraDLEN AND WATER).-1, J Wheeler, Studley ; 2, 3 T Heap, Ramsbottom ; 3, W H Wellburn, Huddleston Hall ; 4, F V Grange, Fern- don. TRADESMEN'S OR TENANT FARVIERS' TURNOUTS. LIGHT HORSES (SINGLE OR PAIR), VEHICLES AND HARNESS.-1, William Monks, 135, Bridge-street, Warring- ton ;2, J Bayley Isaac, Horseraarket•street, Warrington ; 3, C Bower, Appleton Thorn. VANNERS OR LIGHT LURRY HORSES (SINGLE OR PAIR) VEHICLE AND HARNESe.-1, liNeoutore of John Blackshaw: Hatton ; 2, William Monks, 135, Bridge-street. Wtrrington 3, Mrs J Kerr, St Helens. HEAVY HollsEB (SINGLE OR TEAM). VEHICLE AND, HARNESS.—I. Edward Davies, Partington ;2, The Warring- ton Slate Campany ; 3, The Warrington Corporation. CATTLE.

DISTRICT CLLSSES.—One dairy cow : land 3, R Clark Warburton Park ;2, S W Gould, Foxley Hall, Lymnx. One dairy cow (for tenant farmers) : 1, J Longshaw, Grappen- hail ; 2, T Bellington, Preston Brook ; 3, It Clarke, Warbur- ton Park. One dairy 30W (for tenant farmers not farming more than 50 statute acres ): 1 and 3, G J Baxter. Stretton ; 1, 3 Smith, Hatton. Heifer bora in 1900 : 1. 3 It Newton, Warburton ;2, S W Gould ; 3, T Billlngton, Preston Brook Heifer born in 1931 : 1, S W Gould ; 2, Kra M Garnett, Tar. bock ; 3, S & Houghton, Grappenhall. Bull born in or before 1900 (must be entered or be eligible for entry in Coates' Herd Book) 1, H Clarke ; 2, J Hlgblield, No-thwich ;3, 3 K Priestner, Apnleton. Bull, born in or before 190: 1, S W Gould 2, G Howard, Ly rum ; 3, R L Warburton. Hatton Bull born in 19)1 : 1, J Parr, Hatton ; 2, T Billington, Preston Brook ; 3, 3 kiighfield, Northwien.

PIGS. DI9TRICT CLLSSE9.—BrAeding Caow in pig, any agg or eed : 1 Thomas Percival, Sloes Side. Moore ; 2, Peter ath Cr, Stretton ; 5, Thomas Brookes, Morley Farm,

Statham.

Best Cottager's Pig (for cottae tenants whose rent does not exceed £l2 per annum 1, William Peacock, Lower Walton; 2, John Braronall. Hatton.

Beet Wit (any breei) him in 1902 : 1, Peter Leatber.Stret- ton ; 2, Thomas Percival, Moss Side, Afoore ; 3, J.t T Bridge, 652, linutsford-roid.

CHBESE.

Three cheeses of 40Ib each or overt 1. T Dawson, Dunham Hilt; 2, It Prescott. Aston-by-Budwortb. Three cheese* above 201bs1 and under CAM : 1, .1 Plltt, High Legh ;2, T Dawson, Dunham Hill.

BUTTER. Two lbs butter made up in illos and slightly salted : 1. Mrs Taylor. Stretton ; 2, Miss Robinson, Hatton ; 3, Mrs NV-1110)w, Preston Brook. EGGS . _ _ .

Six whim hen eggs 1, C-13-3-11-.. Woods Bad Farm, Risley; 2, Miss B Beitch, Appletoa Thorn; 3, Miss Whitlow, Broom- fields. Appleton. els Coloured hen ego 1, MiS9 Whitlow, Broomfields. Appleton ; 2, Mrs Joseph Taylor, Ilatton-lane, Strettoi ; 3, Mr J Baxter. Bradley Brook Farm, Stratton.

, _ • DRESSED POULTLtY. For the best shaped, fed and dressed pair of fowls hatchet in 1932, 1 and 2, alirs Joseph Taylor, Hatton-laue, Stretton. For the best shaped, fel and dressed pair of ducklings hatched in 1902, 1. 2 and 3, John K Yrie,taer, Hurst Farm, Appleton.

POTATOP3. 12 white kldney shaped : 1, 1 Pereival, Moore 2, I Knowlef, Appleton. Twelve coloured kidney shaped: 1, B Davies, Partington. Cheshire ; 2, J Knowles, Appleton. Twelve white round : 1, T Percival, Moore ; 2, A. Pimlott. Appleton. Twelve coloured round : 1, T Percival ; 2, Miss M B >wee. Appleton Thom SILV.hlt CUPS, CsitAMPION PRIZ SS AND SPECIAL

===== 0002601_19020808_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZ Es.

DISTRICT CHAMPION Ct P (value £10) for the beet exhibits in classes 1;2, 6,8, 9. 11. the property of residents in the eo?iety's district. given to the society by Sir Gilbert Greene:l—James Goul, Lymm.

SILVER CUP (vCue £5) for the best shire los! in the show given by 6ir Gilbert Greenall, VC W Cavendish, Cark-in-Cartmel.

811.vER CUP (value £5) given by Sir Gilbert Greenall, for the best shite exhibit, being the property of one of hie tenants—A Broome. Preston brook.

SPECIAL Punk (value .85) for the best shire filly ifl cltvses 6,8, 9. given bY Mr F Stapleton Bretherton—James Gould, Lynam. DISTRICT CHALLENGE Cue (value £l5), given by Mr G Littleton newborn for the best exhibit in classes 35 to 39 (inclusive), the property of a tenant farmer—John IL Newton, Warburton. Reserve, S W Gould, Lymm. MEDICINE CHEST (va)ue £5), presented by Messrs Day Ana Sons, Crewe, for the best exhibit in classes 35. 36, and 37, the property of a tenant farmer—Richard Clarke, War- burton l'ark. Reserve, John Longshaw, Grapponball. PREattum OF £3 given by Mr T Charnock, Hale, for the best foal got bylany of his horses—Thomas Percival, Moore. SPECIAL PNIZ ES (L 5. £3 and £3) given by Mr W Kenworthy, Kelsall, near Chester, for the three best shire foals got by any of his horses-1, Colonel IL I Blackburne; 2. Charles Baker, Astbury ; 3, Mrs Margaret Garnett. Tatbock.

MHDALS. GOLD MEDAL (value EL)) given by the Shire Horse Society, London, for the best mare or filly whose owner shall have been a member of the Warrington and District Agricultural Society tor not less than six months--nreviotts to the last date of entry for the shaw —James Gould, Lymm. DIREE SILVER AIEDALS given by the Hunters' Improve- ment Society, London; 1, for the best hunter filly, (by a thoroughbred horse or registered hunter sire) not exceeding three years old Walter Harrison, Manley ; 2, for the ties:, hunter, mare or gelding of any age 3 H Stakes, Market Harbor& ; 3, for the best bunter colt, Mrs M Griffiths. Northwich,

SILVER MEDIL given by the Hackney Horse Society. Lon- don, for Use best hackney or pony snare, filly or filly foal that is registered or 011034efor registration in the Isackney stud boJk Messrs The Halewood Stu. I Co.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
"MUNICIPAL TRADING."

lhe Salford Electricity Inquiry. _ Judge Parry's Decision.

His Honour Judge Parry has just issued his report upon the evidence which he heard some time ago in connection with certain ellegatoos which were made in regard to the electricity undertaking of the borough of Salford. The matters which be was asked to investigate were tr--(1) As to the building, .5.;; of the Walness works; (2) as to whether the aforesaid works could have been enlarged (so as to use the machinery at present con- tained therein) sufficiently to supply electric current for , the necessary fighting and to run the tramways at the 1 present time and for the next five years ; (3) as to the , total power provided in the Walness works and the new works, and if found to be in exceas of the reqairements to go Gismo sghly into the matter 14nd report to the Council as to who is ri sponsible ; (4) as to all matters appertaining to any specifications, tenders, or contracts in connection with the erection of Strawberry-road Station ; and (5) as to any other matters that should be inquired into.

;Mich regara to the first question, his Elooour has come ta the conclusion that the " Committee could not have done more or other than they did. they worked bard to obtain information and acted on the best advice they could obtain, and the site they chose for the works was chosen after careful consideratioa and upsa expert advice."

Oa the second question Judge Parry has come to the conclusion that, from what he saw at the new works,acd for the reasons given by the witnesses on the subject; he ,1 is clear that the Corporation exercised a wise forethought in movieg the works to the new site, and that they would have incurred a very large expenditure in trying to make the Maness-read site suitable, without any probability of ultimate success. Given a proper foun- dation and agreeing to pull do en the present Wetness- road betiding, or to raise the roof to allow the new engines to be built, and agreeing also to spend the neces- sary money on the extra mileage of cable and the extra cost of coal-carting, a building probably sufficient for the next few years might have been erected, he says, but it would have been a costly and difficult matter, and not one that any responsible adviser of the Corpora- tion seems to have proposed. Ia his view it would have been a short-sighted and fcolish thing to do, and though it might have sufficed for a few years it would not have been providing tor the probable future needs of Salford. Discussing the question whether the total pc wer pro- vided was In excess of the requirements, and, if so, who was responsible, his Honour states teat there was at one time a kind of suggestion made that some parties bad pressed forward and advocated large and excessive works in order that they might get large contracts in connection therewith. Such a suspicion, he says, was , absolutely groundless, and after a long and patient in- quiry, and a careful examination ot all records and documents he desired to see, he could state, without the least doubt or hesitation, that if the total power pro- vided was excessive, that exam bad in no way been brought about by any fraudulent or wicked means, but had come about by a bona-fide though maybe mistaken notion of the needs of the borough. In this connection he states that he can see nothing blameworthy in the action of Mr Turner, the late electrical engineer for Sal- ford. The result of the committee's actions had been to give Salford an electrical supply in excess of immediate needs, but if he was asked whether it would be in excess of future needs he should refuse to prophesy. That the works were a credit to the borous,rb, and the result of an honest effort on the part of the Committee and their servants to produce what was supposed to be requisite, he had no doubt. At present there was an excess of power, but if they applied the historical analogies of gas,water,railroad,and similar undertakings it would be within probability that Mr Clirehugh was right when he spoke of the works as an intelligent anticipation of public demands. With relation to the eegine cantract,Julge Perry says he cannot See that anything wrong was done by Sir Richard Mottratn in regard to it. The boiler matter was even more remote from evil, aed he says he is per- fectly satisfied that the decision of both committee and Council was honestly arrivel at. and that no one sought to influence them in their decisi on by unworthy or im- proper means. %lett' regard to the allegations that the cable contract was not carried cut according to soecifi- cation,his Honour como'ains of the refusal ot Mr Whcat- pot a tion in al tupohprecisene r ttiic states matters.ampilne that i ai ndhoemnir down theiro d pointseconsideration does nby t tilir raisedakt; heb yt croft and Mr Turner to eive any particulars of their complaints, Be is of • opinion that no wrong has bees ne could done to the ratepayers by the deviations that were made and that Mr Clirettagh bad dealt honestly with the Col- Buc osliWueenfasut i theus rd t take t not trade l doing question g business with the Corporation, Judge Parry,after stating that that view is certainly not the law and is not a scosibls propositi la to put forward cone Mies that if that principle were sound either trade woul I be para- lysed or a municipal council must consist solely of those node .irables who had ne.cner tcade,oocunation,businass, nor profession, and therefore could not offend against Mr Hunt's principle. Puting the result of the law into what he calls " a few plain words," his Flouour says :—°' A ccu ncillor is not fettered ia carrying on his ordinary business in his ordinary way, or in trading with persons who trade with the Corporation. Be may sell whore he pleases, and that the person to whom he sells is a trader with his Corpora- tion is of no importance. Even if the things he sells , Come by ultimate resale into the hands of his Corpora- tion it does not disqualify him from his post. But be I must not enter into a contract with his Corporation, nor must he take a portion of another man's contract with his Corporationotor have any interest in such a contract He seems to no to be in it position of trust, and is put on rLas mthle icgoiry to dis- cover whether he is trading with nis Corporation through some other firm,for that is clearly forbidden. I need hardly add, perhaps, that anyone who seeks to evade the law by invoicing the goods in another's name, o" by any underhand means veks to trade with his Cor- poration,is far more likely to prove his disqualification than to escape the penalties of the seotion. An honest trader may by carelessness or mistake find himself trad- ing with his own Corporation, but there need be no reason,with ordinary care, why such it thing should take place. No amount of ingenuity, however, in the form and manner of sales can assist a dishonest man who tries to evade the law. If he passes his goods through half a deznn hands and his intoution is to trade with his a'rporatioo the complication of the transaction will not (Mist him."

ELM. KING MEIVVII.M3 VI

QUEEN A.I.7EXILINT

. 6 r-)..,..- . _ v. - • „t-ii; i,'l. . ..- •• __-- - —........, .1,, 'l7l .....-,,..>„-- • -.y. , •,_,,,-; 4,,,, • c-xt 4',. N•L ) 174.-.<'-%;',"(-7k- ,t••• t, , .:• . e• , •,..... „„).2, ~. . ~_,. •--1,- - '-'-- . ..,,,,, _ '---t ti I ('Z..O (s*„, -* . ~• '.-' --,t,' L ( L„``,..... '• •I' i : \:,\.1... ;.....T.:..,". (;•k, 41:00.•:„41. ••• t'C.,, 1_...4.C., :.-1•2,41,.. 41\ r‘Z.l,l\;:. 1. . l'.?1,• —., . '‘...&,...C1 • sk,, Ak• 1 I , • „ • ' ''.. 7",--7,-- • • • \). -, 0.. .........„za ,„ „, ~,c „ _, ~c..; c.„_,..... ~,,,,, • .. . , i;„1,-:,-.5%.-,,,,,,:::•-•;.:"------ --,.,_ ', -.. i • (b.,., . .0 -s-- ~ —, --7,..,—\,,- - --(s .c.: ~,..i.:, "IT •?, ../ ._ ~,.I,\: .1,, - --;" 4;1 r fr--- •,' ------ \ ; ' i \\\"\'',\•:' .1 'toot:0- :..... , -,:. . - .I*.ev it, -' 1 \,\''' 1 . ritri:7o7.l*" " . '. ~ . . . ••• , •A., .1\ \VI, • :7; .... 7-1 14441 1/ , -=.-.,, --:-. ---zz,-•-.....:„, „\\s . 4 , I - ---..:____---.... ~,% 1.1 • .1 / , • . . ~ . ••-v, '...‘ •., / /- _ ..nr, 4. --' . , (• 7 r ... , ..• i . • 41;,,,.,.,..,c,..,..\___„:„.Th)-______.<‘,.,•:‘,t,•„.• ^,.._ 44.,,..,..,:,:•:,‘.,.,..............„-;......t.-...---- 1 i \(,(',/,,••4.i , i • '• ' - -ii.v,•,-.„-‘),•\,s.„-,:e.,,,,e1 • : „ir, A ~,- •,, 5,11,0 , ~,...,„.. ~).. ~..., . .1%. &Awl, •. , .t...-. . .., - ,e 7 1: 1 4,106-, #l, '\ , ---- ... ~/, ,• , . , 71141'4VV" ~,,4111,-,,,;,-,- 11 „----) \---- '' Ck\\\ 4:74.r: ' 1100:01110011:z . I‘. ~,...,„, ;.,-...?„,., ...„..._ .k./ 1I i . , • • i47.-,,,-..,,,, A\.* • • 41„4- ' z.t. •,, .. --,-,-•-;•1.,-0:.:.,y,,ga'i '',,;,..7-,k,'„-,f,,,,..-•-__4..., ..'.,. .. ; k,,g4i2pf,..... ' '.„- _.-„/...'-!.... 0. ~... . , , .. . ~-,.... .....__ -_---, ti• 41.--4-,JA c. 4... ;,i' - ..-‘..,e,P,4), tft......,"„,..z.. .. .ft....•.• - ... s --,, ----,- s. iii,\ ,-.• ' • • is.-th ". ~m.....-4.--:;.- .1..,_..• ....- -- - ~„, .. ~,, k,,N..4,',......4,,,, . -----4'.•.i",i; • 10,''''" .. ........-F,,,g1,-,•:',/,- t . 7,--A) i . rei,---$l,-?' 7/ s\\ \-‘,------:--____,:,_<•...::::- - -,\ ,/./ , I .•• / _-_-... :0 , . . „..., • 1i _ .'. . r.: ;,.,, ,\, \, -----\ \,\ /?i, 4--.4:-.-1.1., --.:.:_-_. „ii!ilt iji,V.::•,--e.;.-..,,,,,-.: ,',R. . 6'0".7(14(' 1... ...,- -..',,-•'+' ' I s.•--, •yi 4, it 0') ' ift.:4l:t«,';U 9-- r''ir'' ' 17' ~.„ • , , 1 /"T , -.• ~ ---___- -..- \ ii • ff-. 1 *,...-..vv .." , - ~,,!". \: \ -4,-, ~ \ gO '1 r tif 'vj?•;-W• ' ---' -----,----- - 7\l/41)1; 1:, i , 1,- : rr..,.., ::, 4 .\ / 1 . .. '(”'.'4i._,.. • , .. /,,i(o,\_., 1. 101 Hill •or;0' , 1 h ,)-(}, , l• •,,,,t, ,- q. - 1727 V, I \%,\•sv•-s•- . , . .. . % 4 ''. i I I iCi \ lk- \ . i jillOit-_-..,-, .•..:,L,rt• :',‘ I ,0 40 11l .;°\`‘‘ ' •), . \\ 1, / • . " /Jr/ N Jr„,„ • ~,. ~ 1../ .4 , • . ~ k •,. N, , - ,:i N •e:// ')i I, , ‘ li,‘ „ 7c ii • S.. 4••••; • _ ',' c1...,-..-- ' OPPIO " 1 ..,...,„ 1 iv , • \ .. 1 ;. / ' ' -1,. ~,,-; ..,'„,„. .. _•'• \ ~... th: 5... - .4. 4,4-e- 0, • 411444,41/4., '''....144- ',•• 'N. ----ss,„ i . ‘,... .1., • ' •--..--- t •-•-, . (2,..„........ ~,,,x :,........ ... •• \\ • . \ . . 1. •••,, it. ~r . - Cad " ,el-3:i,..:;--'4:,:',..' eiti ;-, ' t 1 !sr -. / ~,;x '---.....:::: t.i,-,..i...\0,..,vzr..................:A . t T71:ll‘eo:'::: ‘ ~_,,..",..v...1'\.:._____.::::::_.,"::21‘.:14._:-.\::'\'‘ \,5_5\\'",....:...„_:::,,',\:•••:.",,,,z7.:,,7,k.:.....7,10',.:1,.-:,,,,%.4!zi.T..,..7',,_,,..:. j"..',4-:,',,,.:,..::::',...-%.:4:1: ...7.„,'/..,: ~7).......:::..z.,:rif.'41.rjr.'/...„:;11:„..ddir.,',1r:',:zw. Ar'_:67,,e.w.,„..........1-.:.//:,..::::irrd0..:40. ill j14:1 1 ‘ ~ Ay , 1 r / e'n'ti::•'-'.4;:f:e',.4%;5:/e;A.-4, A ~..r•r4;44.,' ' .'" 7VV • . i i''. ' '" • 1,•;? ;46,11.14.F41,Ak ' AV., •,!* \, . "I°l.l . /I 7 . i " ,• '. '' ..• 4 - 145,&r'''.61;1'.0V.1;,',,, • p , .. --:/',i 'V. ,irte - v-'•• ::• -. :4r0i1....". ' ' ••' ' ' ' '-e • ~. -4....................• 'T :::,...;,,, : , .5.0..,., , / / 7.77/:•( 17 Z .. ~ „. ,-, \lik,Z4ll4,[x . , ,-4.)",y, , „...0.,' 4)",., ' 4,,,` 4,;.: ktrat 4. / - / • 4 A 7' K " t.';',44.1r- ,-;•.'„ ... r . ,if''''..,..''.: ~t '2, ..: th ot ' /-. /,'' Iv, t L. / 0 ),.A\ - h4,..'1V64\ 4.44,:1/4‘. , ,', \.,...• .(:%...,..0.g..01 ,A.,,-.40:40r 4 , /' : -‘44. '",c,',„•`ji1i.07e10).":0114.; , ' , , , 4 / ail , tril tt / k V.' tt:AVX4t: I k 1 1 ft, i ft, 14, , Jr ,4„,.--•:-. 6,1.1/4. , ;ip.,:::',..i.itt. ‘1,1",-..- . -•-•-•--- - '"v ,':'' ' \\*.:Z ,s4g ..•,,,,T..„,. 1;.1-' (-,.. '''e' .„._,::,:•„---rr.,•',7..)7AP-141:za..4.11.1.1,1S,_71"--:--_45°C--....„..--,, --..... , .., -4 7 , 1 Ar47'. '''' wt.' '.iy..4" 00,704 4. •• .. , ~.. .; „... -.,..,,, A /''. ;A; c.,(--v , 44„,„„k‘5m,..ira,,, '%,, I- ‘,/i.i..,i, 8 •---, : ,5.4., .:. ..._,-. _. , _.* ..,5-'.f 1 • •'l6l. 44 g . ._. ii , ft,-...5i ,w,,,lNV•itleavt,, ‘V6434106.1„,----_. ~ , , A!'" r 7 :f : ..- ,I.fr " ~ ,•• ,-'i . ° iftp.„„tp • , / -.." i/if - •,. .A.-4 ' rj? I .'"'4lll'4l4.:lNk‘A% ,N‘Nleittik.N.. " ',. 4,,./ '4.t.. • . //) - • ‘,/ pzi ‘‘....--"lik . ' ' +, -,,, ...-s----,emtz-ek,: A. I: ‘ \ 14.' 1 it!,‘ •i. t4v- g.:37--e.-. '/7/ - - . - . -'--' --e" ... , , :.. ,-;:-.; ..-'•„;>-...,-,,,- -i-' • itri".4.),„,Z. x \ILA ''..-- / ,;.,„.... 7. .....,,,. jr....4\t,...,,,...._......,.2,...„,. z.,\., . .• -- 44-...• „.4r ....0--fr..-;,„-tr,,p,------ L. --, ';',.... 4: tr., •,.... ..--; -I W.0,--------......-7.-r__---....- .t 3 -;k1/4 ....''', 4\ -4-,.. ~...,..,....,..,....,.....,........ ~...... , • 7.Fvf • .1 1.44.4. -,7,- ~ _ /.7 , , -1,z.,,,V0i....:-..N. -••• "w ~''' . i'll"rie'l li 64 4>. 4. fi ~ •'-'l4k. I • N,..,, '',......7.1"1"04V4X•et5,.. N. -4.4,::1•ij '' I/ rIV-"V !,k0 ' 11' j. • ,/,,• ,41,V.ii, ..- . ----,-------..,......,7y, % „i • .1:. ~,,...- - • \\''N ."ric,: 1 •.. +I" • • (;) .-• ' .1, . ; ii • Sclis :, I 41/ 'r ' 411‘'-'7, ' ' ..__. II tiViSpAli •I\t,t4 • /0!:Az, ;:7: - -;;' .1 ' • . z . •60 ~ ....," ~ • f ~...,, ..,...„ , , .. 111 , •••• ) , • 1( L. .. . • 1 LI ti,‘ • ‘.11,11,1ft __, . ...,...,_____...,...-- Q r .4i04 , ‘ ..,..; ~, ..// , <7,4 ,x, 04" 0 ' 'O, • Alkiii, -.7-, -. ------ e • \t Zqyjf),ol,l 1, " • ". / eis / . ~ 11 • I ( 4.1 • ' • ' ' .7 ..._-_-_- .7 X:' ...,... II •:.1 , ........va „-, , I - F < ! I. '' •010...5. - - ... .''"" " • - . .....• . .•....< p i.:::, ".....:, tfokiv ii)n,i'4,44 ,t • , .7 i- 0 \ ~.. _. - r ---- il #l, , k • "4...',' Mal, .......... •',... ‘... ....,.....----. *V 'i,.all • .'-''''. ; ..r.- i// / . .„\ . ti i / - t Nob '..-7---?''' I t" • ' ..'. -' • -1: -• -,_/,,, . ‘17,/ei."‘A,Ve . ~, . .•,! . . . ~..,.,, ......,..,.....‘ -..,,, 7- ..• -.71 444 / •1 I Astf',.'. --,..- , —•........-z , j ‘,,.:.,:- s,„------ X.:4:‘,1 ~..i,-,,Z/ V/ ‘.-:\ ..)•\'' ~..,,,,,t.k: • ro • • agli.t.3\,.. ,".?'',:r, . '..11.11.11.1. 1. lit • • ' , , ..,-'.- .4-t''N\ .e?:.2.4-7..' ' ••)"'* \ .s; '',;/ N'. cil 11 t1:1,x,;:%.1? ,5,.;.:..-.Nc, •• . , .+,.." • /,' ..; / • '/ - v i /(z,„/ ~----/. •-- L',..,. -i•-'-= C''._.,•''." .117!--7, .r. }1... _(1 ~ 1 V.,.,*.L-o,rl II h,';) ,i , / _ • / / • //(- .. /--<- ~ ' -4-'•°. • .--- 4,- 1 4 I\\ /f' • ' b i . \ sVitaic g; .# 4. ' . / / • - ,---') ,4p.1.., ‘ ''', • K\lgab,:l. ir. ' ~,, \ ~- , i ... ?„.'• ‘y / 4,4, • , I , \%.,..1/44,..?•,,,,i,;.,., . ./ .A • /(_,_. ~, ~.-, \ „ ~, ,/, .., // ____,-.7_,, ..,. 1 ' .0. , •..1/4, .4 11 ' \ \' .\. '\\ „ .T . ' \ 1.14 ; / Z--///,' • i i .'4l'. \ f•:,..t. Ili i 'kV • ...V. \ V .' ' i elk • \ • • . \ „ . . , . . . . . . . • • • ' "..7 . .. - -- - - ~-, ~__:, . ..: -... . - / '''', . "::.<!.... . tc... . t \\ \\\ . "-...i...14k4..1.:... \ " ..- •..:-..,;4 , \ t ' • . '..':•::-.... ....-- t4itli \ N ‘'..‘ . ".....,.,..........s s,',:_7-.--• -:.77,4Ve, .1 ii i • 1-.. ejf / 4:;---I. *)..., ~.....z..-••:,' ' •-• h/ / , ' . - • I ii ' I-X.IV" -DEL/L.

~

Total 1,391,149 ... 1,590,363 As cempared with the corresponding period of the Previous year the reoeipts showed an increase of 20.095, and, as the increase in expenditure was only e-1,638, the increase of profit from the department ,euountea to £18,437. The increase of 194,773 tons in ilho sea-borne merchandise traffic was satisfactory, "'tie regard to the continued depression in the North Iktlantic trade, which has seriously affected the import %de of tne principal English ports during the past half- Tear. !Poe', BRIDGEWATER DEPARTMENT. traffic was fairly well maintained except during th tee behove caused by the expected Coronation, when e'lere wee a falling off of £l,lOO as compared with the ettr_eter-nding week of the previous year. The item of , 6":48 received showed an increase of £3,511, as the c"'llPany's share for the past 2i years of the Rochdale e!nal Company's receipts from the sale of water has ."11 taken into account. On the other band, there was Zn,increased expenditure of £776 in law cberges. the :Mee of the costs incurred in the Rochdale Canal 3ter ease, and of £991 in the cost of provender for The whole of the cost of reboilering and • b,,_"lug the paddle tug Earl of Ellesmere, £2,300 has also' ; °en charged. The net result of the half-year's work- Was was a profit of £12,331 against £13,208 for the cirrexPonding half of last year. DOCK EXTENSION. „ The directors are. it is stated, in negotiation for the te!tevision of £500,000 by an independent companyifor I,,ue construction on a portion of the racecourse site of a :tge dock and transit sheds, to be leased to this C0m- :1417 for 99 years at a fixed percentage on the .amount i'ePended. Power will be reserved to determine the emle on short notice, either during construction or after e'coupletion of the works, cn payment of the amount "elPended, plus small premium. The cnnsent or thei'2llthration of Manchester to the lease has been obtained accordance with the provisions of the Cumpany's • Aot of Parliathent. ENGINEERS' REPORT. pThe depth of water In the SbipeCaoal and docks has 2een fully maintained by means of the dredging plant 'Oroughout the entire length of the waterway: Some slight diminution of the quantities of silt and sludge deposited in the upper reaches of the canal and docks has i ..eon experienced. The special dredging operatiocs far Hieedeepening of the channel in the estuary of the , BeY seniors for,ns the access to the canal at Ea3tharn nave made good p cog res s. A considerable quantity of the reek which is to be removed has he en blasted and ' dredged in the length immediately below Eastham Locks, The approaches to Irlam Perry on either aide of the canal have been considerably improved, the Work baying been carried out in accordance witteplans which ' Were approved by the district councils concerned. '3l3ed No 9 on the north side of Dock No 8 has been . 'walled in, fitted up, and rendered suitable for the banana trade. The stationmaster's office at Salford has been completed and is in use, and certain other office extension works are in hand. Three new locomotive reines and four new locomotive steam cranes have eseen provided, and are in tee for dock traffic. Since • session of the racecourse was obtained in the early 'e s:et of the present year considerable progress has been I;ade with the railway extension works authorised by e_ s Act ot 1900. The bridge which is to carry the esutough railway Over the Lancashire and Yorkshire 11l Way is nearly completed. The retaining walls and pabankrnents throughout have been finished, and the ;vine, of the permanent way has been begun. The con- , i'Zuction of the last section of the main road on the undary of the Company's rropetty has also made good ''togresq. The formation of another service railway, erh- ic will render a further area of the property recently 4tquired by the Company availab'e for the storage of , ti t• über, is in hand. The ernhanionentS and s'opes of canal generally are in good condition, and the works throughout have been efficiently maintained. The shed on the north side of No 8 Dock, constructed bv th r Manch( ster Ship Canal Warehousing Company, 'lnked, has been completed, and is in use for traffic , Purposes.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL NORTHERN LEAGUE

Nominations and Registrations.

Last Friday afte-noon a meeting of the Management Com- reit.,..e or the Northern Rugby League was held at the George Rotel. Huddersfield. Mr R Coßinge, of Rochdale Hornets, Presided. The Altrincham Club were accebted Re members of the. 'Lancashire Comb:nation. It was decided that a meeting of secretaries be held at the Kxchange Hotel, Manchester, on •rnesday nest for the purpose of arrangtng Lancashire Com- bination flatness. it was determined that owing to the Arbitration Com- mittee not having completed their duties by August I, clubs be given seven days from the official notification of award to deride whether (hay purpose to pay for the transfer of players affected. The following players were put on the registers of the clubs named : Bradford. William H Damn, Windhill. and Joseph Thmhavin, Runcorn Recreation ; Oldham, T Wond.Werneth ; Hull Kingston Rovers. J Pickering, Heokmondwike, and Hanson. Goole; Leigh, Edward O'Connor and David Lewis .Barr. Askharr ; )tuddersfield, Clifton French, A French, Aritie Hirst, and J Brook all of Underbank ; Halifax. Edward scr Slater. and W Watson, Ovenden and William H Halifax Crescent,and H Hadvrin. Morecambe ; Swinton,W H MOriiag, Pontadaw, and T Samuel. Llanellv ; Hunslet, I Farrar, Epremont, B g Shepherd. Woodside Trinity, and W Hawley, Leicester ; Salford, T G Bell, Maryport ; Dewshurv, A !Robinson and J Megson, °nett, and fd Flsnaghan, Dewsbury Celtic. The committee accented the following nominations for efficial referee? list for next seasOn Wrintcheon, P Ingham, T Taylor, I p Tar'or, and R H Moore. vridnea —3 H Smith, A Critchley. E Gordon, and E wfgan.—G Taylor, 0 Sims, G Naylor, E H Smirk, and J Halliwell. Munsiet.—lt Benton, W W Taylor. 111 Carr, and W Jack-

ton. Swinton.—J H Yates, G Whitemal, and V Radcliffe. Salford.—T L Barnalow, C Gibson, 3 Priestley, S illi am s, and R Yates. Brighouse Rangera —A;Brooke,A. Brown. T H Hughes, E Abbey, and L Brooke. Warrington.—W Dillon, T Barnes,F Turner, W Nevins,and A Jones. St. Helens.—T Orsham, 3 Edwards, F Little, 3 H Houghton, and W Cross. Leigh.—W 3 Britton, P Taylor, Devereux, A Lee, and T Anderson. Halifax.—P F Farrar, A Smith, S H Skinner, G Holds- svo-th. and G Thompson. Broughton Ranvers.—F Nennedy, H Lowe. 3 .11.Gowan, A Squires, and G Skidmore. Barrow.—J R Robinson, W Halsall, E Baker, E ()still, and 'Warr. Manningbam.—R Robinson, 3 Wilson. F Clegg, and H Farrar. Lancaster. —T Wilkinson, W Troughton, 3 Lyon. BC Parr, and W H Hall. Ho!beek.— 3 Henry. Jon, G Tingle, R Walker, W Eddlson, and A Fieldhouse._

Normanton.—W Sou'h Shields.—W I Kassell, A Smith, J 0 Smith, J Moralee, jun. and J W Moralee. Dewsbury.—J W Seholes, S Mortimer, J Newsome, and W Wof•ndale. Morecambe,—W J ranee, 3P Armitstead, 3 Handyside,W Mayor, anti W J Ferguson. Stockport.—J Bru2kshaw, R Abbey, W Bailey, W Taylor, and S T Shaw. AltrinehaM.-3 R Newton. B street, and 3 Gatley. Werneth.—B Ashton and W Oakes.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETIC SPORTS AT CROFT,

The third annual athletic sports under the auspices of the Croft Horticultural Society tnnk place on Saturday in a downpour of rain. These sy.o•ts have usually teen held together with the show, but the society this year decided to hold the festivals on different days. Despite the inclerce& weather the attendance numbered 500. 100 yards fiat, 00°161.3.-1. J Eaves, Earlestown ; 2, J Shaw. Croft ;3. E Taylor, Croft: 120 yards open fl—winners of heats : T Chadwick, at Bolton ; J E Newnes, Warriogtnn ; J Straw, Warring. ton ; Houghton, Warrington; W Wilson, Warrington ; J J Spencer, Warrington ; J Ashcroft, Golborne ;3 Rid_ Golborne. Final : 1,8 Houghton ;2, J Ashcroft; 3, J Straw. Efalf-mite bicycle.—The follovring qualified fnr the final : J Ashton. Bamfurlnnv ; H Devonport, Stockton Heath ; G Ball, Leigh ; E P TU40171. Wllrrintenn ; E Cnn. way, Banifurlong ; and M QtlintOrt. libllrltUaltlg. Re- sults : 1, H Devonport ; 2, G Ball • 3, J Davies, Lowton. ile bicycle.—First and second in heats : G 131,1.5 Leigh ; M Qtli/VOO. Barrifurlong ; G Dandy, Rizton ; E' P Tuson, Warrington ; S Ashcroft. Eariestnwn ; and tishurse, Bamfurlong. Result :-1, G DAnly ; 2, G Bali 3, M Quinton. 220 yards flo.—Pirst and second in heats : T Chad- wick, Daubhill ; J Ridyard, Gel orne ; J Straw, War- ringtrn ; J Bebby, VVoolstcr ; J Adams, E4rleseown ; 11 Fritch, Winwlck. Pewit : 1, J Adams ;2, J Ridyard ; 3, T Chadwick. One mile flat : 1, A Holland. Lnwtnn ;2, Hill, tVar- rington ; 3, M Jennings, Crof: ; 4, R Wil,on, Earlcatown.

Oa the arrival of a train at Charing Cross on Tnes- day nicht a Ventleman was found shot In one of the carriages. Be was taken to Charing ClOB3 Hospital, w btre he died shortly afterwares.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB SPORTS. _- A Successful Meeting.

As usual, the athletic festival promoted by the Rugby Football Club was Warrington's chief Bank Holiday attraction. Despite the fact that some of the works were open, the attendance was exceed- ingly large, and the festival passed off with a suc- cess which must have been gratifying to those woo had been responsible for the arrangements. Fortu- nately, brilliantly fine weather prevailed, in tact the conditions could not have been, more favour- able. The programme was a long one—embracing 22 events—but the interest of the spectators was maintained to the finish. Some 'of the races were very keenly contested, the victorious competitors winning by very short margins. Credit is due to the following officials for the manner in which they discharged toe duties devolving upon them Clerk of the course, Mr T Bowers ; starter, Mr T Wainwright ; judges, Messrs J Evans, D Tinnion, J E Warren and T Locker ; referee, Mr H P Ellis ; judge of boxing competition, J Davies ; committee, Mes.srs W Nevins, W Hewitt, S Jeffrey, T Davies, J T Thorniley, F II eesoin, J T Bate, W Hill, I Hackett; handicapper, Mr H P Ellis ; hon treasurer, Mr T Pemberton ; hon secretary, Mr II Ashton ; 1r E Pickavance,N C.U.During the afternoon the Borough Brass Band played a number of selections.

220 LARDS SCHOLARS RACE HANDICAP.

This handicap was a new feature of the sports, and was open to toys undo' 15 years of age attending local elementary schools. Tee prizes offered were :-13t prize, value £2 23, silver English lever watch, silver chain and seal ; 2nd prize, value £1 le, oak-mounted ink stand with timepiece ; 3rd prize, value 10e, writing case ; 4th prizt, value ss, silver pencil case. 'there were 53 entrants, and the race was run in live heats,the first and second in each heat Onopeticg, in tiae final. An excellent pace was maintained in the final, W Spencer, Eleathside, (11), being first by about a foot. J E Cart- wright, People's College, /(7), obtained second place, A Gardner, People's College (12), third, and C M Armstrong, Wycliffe (12) fourth. The following were the winners of beat, t—let heat, 1, A El Downea, Nttionsl i 8) ; 2, J Griffiths, Warrington, (19.) ; 2nd heat, 1, J E Cartwright, People's College, (7) ; 2, A Porter, Haathside, (14) ; 3rd heat, 1,1 V Spencer, Eleathside, (11) : 2. A Gardner, People's College (12) ; 4th heat, 1, C M Aimstrong, Wyoiiff,t (12), 2. R Bowers, Fermis', College, (29) ; sth heat, 1, S Keen, National (12) ; 2, H Smith, National (14). 102 YARDS HANDICAP.

There were 51 entrants for this han iicap, which was run in eleven hea's. The first in eack heat,was;eligible for the second round, and tho first ,and second in the second round compete in the final. The winners of heats were :—G Lyell, Phirrow-in:Furneqs (81), FR Pierce, Altzischam

- (81). W Jervis. Man4ces.ter (8), J Horan, 13)Itoia 1,11±). j Fish, Warrington, (7!.) ; W Lenosnon, Wigan, (71) ' • El Watkins, Warrington, (8i) ; J Prince, IVarrington' (61) ; J M Gibson, Finer, (8?), W A Burnham, Liverpool (81). and W Bryan, Birkenhead, (9/). The appearance ot J Fish, the well known Warrington footballer, created mucta interest. He won his heat easily,and, in the final, which was hotly contested, camein first by about a foot. W Jervis, Manchester, was second, and W A Harnham, Liverpool, third. The time recorded was ten seconds. The prizis were :-Ist prize, value £l.O, carved oak bracket chime clock ; 2nd prizc, value £3, silver-plated centre piece ; 3rd priz'., value £l, 4-oo:tle luncheon cruet.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
220 YARDS HANDICAP.

J Fish distinguished himself in this race, being the first to breast the tape in the final. About three yards separated him from A E tiare,London. The third position was secured by L Green, Warrington. Twenty-o and two fifths seconds was the time recorded. Tao foll3wing were the winners of heats : beat 1, F K Fierce, Alrrincham (14) ; 2, A E Bare, London (10) ; beat 2,1, Fl W Wilkinson, Salford Barriers (14) ; 2, G Lvall, B.arpw-in-Furneps (13;) ; beat 3. 1 J Fish, Warrington, (14) ;2, W Lwrnsnuo• Wigan, (13) ; 1, L Green, Warrington, (141) • 2. J E Cowap. Sandbach (4). The prizta were ;-Ist prizs, value £4, 14 day marble striking clock ; 2ad priz4, 'value £2, silver-plated fern pot lamp ; 3rd prize, value silver-pist,d tea pot.

ONE MILE EICPCLE NOVICE 13ANDICAP. 'The first ptiz) in this handicap wont to a Warrington competitor—C Berry. Hs thoroughly deserved to will, for he kept up a smart pace fr,n sat to finish. Thre: lengths separated him from H Nightingale, Salforri, who finishea about a length in advsniie of J Shninarn,Pendl,:- ton. Tie tirna occupied was 2mins. 37 2-53scs. Tne foilowing were the winners of heats :—Vt' Hatton, Widnes (75), H Yghtingale, Balford, (70), J Wsrham Liverpool (80), J Soipparn, Peadnton, (85), G Danbv, liircron, (65), C Berry, Warrington (55). Tue priz were prize, value £4, case of sugar and cream, tea spoons and Icaivg (presented by Itesers Eastance snd C 1,,) ; 2nd priz le•£2, salad bowl and EefVer . 3rd prize, value £4, silver-plated tiiscuit jar..

ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP. A in tbff Thii event was well contested. A spill;oCCurre. 3"- rt,ial. lt Walker, Altrtncharn, gained the mealier :don by two lengths, N M Stevens, Earlestown._ escond, half a length sepirating him from H Mounnl. I,Varringtoo. Tac time recorded was 2mln., 31 3 5 fie-1. The following were the winners of heats :-14 Crabtree, Preston, ; 2, C Berry, WarriEW4, (190) ; 2ad heat. 1, A E Howard, Warrington, (155);,v, N M Stephens, Etrlestowo, (175) ; heat 3,1, T Warrington, (180) ; 2, A Jones. Warrington, (185); 4,1, W Bond, Chorley, (170) ; 2, J Warham, Litherl3 (185) ; heat 5,1, R Walker. Altrin.aham, (180) ; Mounfield, Warrington, (185). The prizes were prize, value £4, silver-plated fruit, sugar and Ono frame ; 2ad prize, value £2, trealeast eomhin!":,op (silver-plated) ; 3rd prize, value £l, :silver-plated egg frame.

440 YARDS HANDICAP. 3 Another Wartingtcn fostballer—E Harrig,—figdre:ied this race, and to the delight of many apectators,clr"ol off the first prize, being five yards in advanee4.- Forster, Warrington. J E Cowap, Str, baclo, was third, coming in two yards behind The time occupied was 49 4-siece. The prizes Were,d Ist prize, value £4, silver-plamd tea and coffee Bejaia oak tray, 2nd prize, value £2, silver-platad 6 u'bot dinner cruet, 3rd prize, value £l, silver-plated $ water jug. Winners of heats :—let heat, 1, ;154 Cowap, Sandbach (15), 2, II Forster, Warrington 3. W Bryan, Birkenhead, 33) ; :2nd heat, 1 E Warrington (20), 2, L Green, Warrington, (16). 6" Whittaker, Warrington (34),

TWO MILES BICYCLE HANDICAP. There was a keen struggle for the top positielif°e this! handicap,a hot pace being maintained. J Crabtli Preston, was first by about a length and a half. Watson, Periketb,come in second,about a length sePar:i log him from T Aotill, Warrington. The time recoil, was 5 min 21 4-5 seconds. Winnsrs of beats let heat; 1. J A Watson, Penketh, (220), 2, W flatt°,l Widnes, (270) ; 2nd heat, 1, W Dodd, Chorla! (255), 2, T Astill, Warrington, (270) ; 3rd heat, ; J Crabtree. Preston, (270), 2 C Berry, W,f),, rington, (300) ; 4th heat, (1., P Molyneux, Sa"rl (201, 2, T McGuiness, Widnes, (280) ; sth heat, 10 Howard, Warrington, (235), 2, J Brelsford, StocirP°_, (210). The following prizes were awarded :-19t value £4, gent's solid gold albert ; 2ad prize, value silver-plated cake basket ; 3rd prize, value £l, OP travelling bag. 880 YAIIDI HANDICAP. E C Winder, Barrow -in-Purness (50), came in Gibion, Manchester (60), second, and J Booth, Accr7sl ton (36), thivd. Time, 57 3-5 seconds. Prizeisi te value £.4, case of cutlery ; 2nd, valui £2, silver Pt-Di six cup egg frame ; 3rd, value Ll, silver-plated dOO jam dish.

ONE MILE TIANDICAP. mitt As usual a large number ot competitors turned ",ot but there was soon a great falling off. W B pear°.:o Lymm (,124), who ran splendidly was the first to IY,sielell• the tape 3 heicg three yards in advance of A Widnes (121). T Hughes, Widnfie (87), was third. l' 4mins 21 4-58ec5. Pr' zrs, Ist, value £4, silver-plateap urn ; 2nd, value £2, aneroid barometer; 3rd, vela° pocket flask. NIKE STONE BOXING COMPETITION. ger Five blacers—T Tudge,Earlestown,D head. T S2ddon, Birkenhead, D Brandon, BirkesP:too and Sergeant Ilstructor Frederick Sweeney, Warricl;jo, —competed in this event D Welligan and Sergeantoe struCtor Sweeney should have faced each other PI ot final, but the melancholy intelligence reached SergLiell Instructor Sweeney, that hia little son bad been and he at once withdrew fr-ttn the contest. I'Vell,lp) was therefore awarded the first prize. a silver centre seconds seconds stop watch, value £4, and SorVieo Instructor Sweeney the ;maid pieces carvers, value £2. prize, a case of be air At the close of tho sports Mrs Councillor Tinnion tributed the prizes.

THE BRITISHER BEATING TO

YAN-KEE. ; '5ll Big Electric Contract for a Brit. Company. 11;_di The last issue of the " Board of Trade supplies some evidence going to show that we are:h.-03r all, not quite so nationally inept a 3 we have bre° Ts fOr log. Thus a British firm is supplying the steel rsi re Of the new Corean Governm tit railways. The raid sod, Bridal) manufacture to the American standard.an ttiSO are nee only delivered more q lickly, but cost less those in the lowest American tender. sigq The British Electric Traction CompsaP secured the contract for the construction of a 13„s-„glYs; transit tunnel between New York and PrTE, This is an immense undertaking, which Pots .sy shads any enterprise which American capital Tai pas carryin:: out at preseat in England. All the c31:3'00613 been subscribed in England. aod its officials arlrector' men. Mr Criarles Drummond, the managing _oe the l?ft Liverpool on Saturday to personally 50Per'd ottref work, and Earl Grey al:3 Sir Rivers Wilsoo ontr3c' directors will vi +it the works shortly. This ,oen col3r W 5 s only obtained by the British Elec:ric pany after k!ec competition with the I,Jcil firMs

===== 0002601_19020808_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
of it published in that paper. Write this out. Then go to a newsagent and get a copy of HORNER'S POCKET LIBRARY for this week, and read all the particulars about it. Now is your opportunity to have

===== 0002601_19020808_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEEK'S HOLIDAY AT THE SEASIDE FOR NOTHING!

i‘A

===== 0002601_19020808_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL. •

Half-Yearly Report.

The following is the half-yearly report of the directors °E.the Manchester Sb;p Canal Company, Limited,which the statement cf accounts, was presented to the th ordinary meeting of the shareholders in the alenbarial Hall, Manchester, yesterday. ACCOUNTS. The accounts for the half-year show the ( xpenditure eat of capital to have amounted to £24,468, but as the Ilteceeda of sales of land and plant realized £2,009 the tet outlay was £22,459. The total expenditure on ZlPilal account amounted tri £15,195,861, leaving a alanne to the credit of £258.537. The Ship Canal vertue receipts amounted to £166,603 and the rumen- ,i,lture to £lo6,l32,leaving a credit balance of £60,471. Droits of the Bridgewater department were 44,331. The balance carried on to net revenue account ;448 therefore £72,802, to which was added £1,074 f bankers and general interest.rnaking a total profit on the half year's working of £73,876. The directors were zglus able to pay out of the profits of the balf year the ,'"erest due upon the first and second mortgage "ebentures amounting to £44,742 the Interest due on the Inert:gage of surplus lands amounting to £l,OOO and the rent of. the new transit sheds, No. 8 dock, amounting to 3,179 and there was a balance remaining of 224,955, 'whichhas been paid to the Corporation of Manchester on account of the interest due on the debentur, s they hold. SHIP CANAL DEPARTMENT. The weight or toil-paying merchandise which passed Over the Ship Canal during the two half-gesrly periods under comparison was— Six months ended Six months ended June 30. 1901. Juae 30, 1902. Tons. Tons. Sea-borne q'raffic 1,262,744 ... 1,457,523 Barge traffic ... 1213,405 ... 132,840

===== 0002601_19020808_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020808_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER ELECTRIC TRAM FATALITY AT ST HELENS.

At Parr, St Helene, on Bank Holiday, Mr Brighouse county coroner,held the inquest on Margaret Swift,aced two years, daughter of William Swift, collier, of 177, Chancery-lane,who was killed on Saturday afternoon by an electric ear in the roadway in front of her home.— The child's father said be saw the child in front of the car when it was about a yard away. He saw it relied ever by the lifeguard,and then one of the wheels go over it. The car pullEci up in abeua twenty yards. He could not Fey whether the train hell rang or not. Oliver Turner, the .driver, of 14, Hell-street, said he had been driving workmen's cars about twelve months, and an ordinary driver six • weeks.—The Coroner: Oh, thev make you practice on the workmen's cars, do they ? (Laughter.) The workmen will bs complaining.—Wit- ness said that on Saturday his car was fitted with a life- guard which is worked by the driver's foot. When he saw the child in fiont of the car he turned the brake and dropped the lifeguard,but failed to catch the deeeseed. The car was travelling about eight miles an hour. He thought twelve yards a fair estimate of the distance the car went without stopping,—The Coroner. Hew is it the lifeguard did not catch the child ? lent one or those Mr Cutter fixed 2—Mr Vaux : Yes ; it is approved by the Board of Trade.—The Coroner: Why don't sou get the new guard fitted 2—Mr Vaux : We have ten cars fi:ted, and we are putting on more as we get them.— The Coroner said one of the new tiod of guards might have saved the child. Ile recollected seeing the old guard try to pick up a dummy opposite the Tswn Hail, and it was not a complete succesP. Be was afraid if he had been struck in the way the dummy was he would have wanted a cofisn and not a lifeguard.—Ferdinand Musowsky, collier, said be saw the accident. The car was travelling at the ordinary speed, and the driver did all be could to stop.—The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," but suggested that the oars should be fitted with the new guard, and also that they should not travel so quickly down the slope where the acci- dent laappenel. They did not blame the driver.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
- DAMP SEAT QUESTION. Heavy Damages against Leeds Corporation.

- • At the Leeds Assizes, on Saturday, Mr Justice Grant- ham and a special jury continued their hearing of the action in which John Hughes, a Leeds barman, sued the Corporation of Lae& fur damages for personal injuries, Plaintiff's ease was that on the 14th of August last he was riding on the top cf a Leeds tramcar, and, the seats being wet, was .tending, when the car, after going slowly for some distance, bounded forward with a jerk. Hughes overbalanced and was pitched into the road. He was seriously injured about the head, and it was expected for a.time that be would oot reeover. He was still suffering from tte effects of the accident. 11.5 Lordship observed that he had been noticing tbe trams that morning. Re had seen several passengers, owing to the rain, sitting on the rail, with, apparently. the knowledge of the conductor. If there bad been a sudden jerk two or three people might have been pitched over. The question occurred to him which is the most careless, sitting on the wet seat or standing. Mr Brown, surgeon, of Leeds, said that the plaintiff was actually taken home from the Infirmary at the re- quest of his friends so that he might die at borne. His recovery was remarkable. Witness thought that he might be able to follow his employment in a few months.

Mr. Mac'skie maintained for the defence that the Corporation were not guilty of negligence. People who stood up on the tops of the tramcars took the risks en- tailed. The Corporation were under no obligation to cover the seats to keep thcm dry. Counsel also sub- mitted that the plain, if had not taken sufficient pre- caution to guard against accident. The jury were aosent ft,r an hour and twenty-five miontre. ultimately finding a verdict for the plaintiff for £259

===== 0002601_19020808_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL-

TURAL SOCIETY.

The New Show Yard

This year the V—Virr.:l and Birkenhead Agriculural Society, which was incorporated and reconstituted at the commencement of the year, celebrates its diamond jubilee. A rite for new permanent show yard consist- ing of 22 acres, abutting on the Old Chester-road and almost adjoirung Babington Statior, was purchased from Mr Laver last year on tehalf of the society. Rapid pro- gress has ber n made with the immense undertaking in- volved by the preparations for this year's show, which will be held on the 10th and 11th of September. A fine , suite of entrance buildings, containing offices, tress room, members' rooms, etc., have been erected, ' and form a most imposing piece of architecture. I The approach roads to the main entrance have been sectored and curbed, the main road being 120 feat wide, and each branch road 30 feet wide. Permanent stables, have been built wherein the live stock sent for exhibition will be stalled,While permanently roofed sheds have be en built for the exhibition of implementr-, machinery in motion, 8,.:c!. The grand stand at the horse, Iring is a permanent brick erection, and will seat 2200, People. The ring, coli.cla is the largest in Eoglanc, is .enclosed from the other portion of the show yard, and only the society's members and subscribers will be admitted without yasment. The foundation Of the horse track is being constructed of ' heather, at d the entire ring is almost com- pleted. The convenience aud comfort of exhibitors and visitors will be admirably catered for by the whole plan of arrangements. Gas and water hare ben laid into 1 the yard,and already the Council have contracted to spend upwards of £15,000 independently of the amount paid for the land. The new show yard when comtleted will be beyond question the most concenlently arranged and the finest in the kingdom. Mr flannury,Minister ef Agriculture,has kindly promised to attend the show ,and. be present at the luncheon on the first day, and the pre- sident M.P,, will also e spirCles't el /i to! ITh s h'epr'crilzeteY;cMliredjn°sleesPhfor the forthe, ming show, for wirch priies amounting to over £2,500 are offered Ifor competition, are now ready, and can be had on application to the secretary, Mr Arthur El Edwardson 6, I Harni.toc- qoare. Birkenhead.

I ourity_ln A irpg ar.ovrsyolotrllLt3aotaart.... ,J:'*iere a Su zp 9 EA.ii TEri S 'TTLE Gf small TIM ',mall D 0... soz,v§,polgT ;Mall Price Will Sweeten Co's Breath all day, and make al; the daterence bele Ihi'solutely cure Sick Headache, '''''°'•-- Ih:wt.:rtes.,. Torpld Liver, Ind, iebrirl Teeth and Bad Teeth. Yea cc n. Constipaton, I),,zine, i ,f;hl:4 Teeth and Yeaow Teeth,. Isrred Tostpse. They Tancit the Feettr Te,,o, an! tr,..1,, Teeth Coinech.., bl Toilet ^. *3,01 TeNt. be Ingo tlie. 4141P.4114%.• , kobt* ihr.Ylec. V.-

F. 4 tif, Pills 8. !4:suititely

===== 0002601_19020808_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FIJMY AUGUST 8, 190:

===== 0002601_19020808_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUSTRATED FASHIONS.

Linen is the favourite material for useful frocks this summer, but the fact should be kept in mind that there are only a few varieties which make 'up successfully. These consist sof the coarse-grained French linen trimmed with Irish crochet point or guipure lace, or piped and tabbed with bands of piqué, numerous little gilt or fancy buttons giving a finish to the dress. Another more expensive variety is silk linen, which is one of this season's novelties. It is true, they are not cheap, but their loose surface and silky sheen make them infinitely preferable. The trimming of these toilettes is their own selvedges, which are usually somewhat fanciful, in black• and white, red and black, or mauve and green. Occasionally they are of a pretty tartan or plaid design, and are arranged in mitrings round the skirt, and form the tabs and pipings on the bodice. There is generally a selection possible in a whole gamut of shades of blue, from the palest to the darkest. Grey tones are also numerous, with an undertone of pink or green. The smart little coat depicted could be truth- fully termed a sac bolero. It is newer than the Eton coat or banded bolero and is arranged in box-pleats with a coarse lace collar. It is worn with a hat trimmed with Mous, and ends of bright emerald green silk, while the waistband

is of a corresponding. shade of green leather. These brightly polished leather belts with leather buckle in all shades are quite the latest novelty, and one which renders many an other- wise plain costume quite distingue. Bright green, or a pleasant orange tone of leather, is par- ticularly smart. There is another belt which is also new, and is made in the shape of a Swiss belt, both back and front ending in loops and cords at the side. This is made of coarse crochet twist.

White mohair of a coarse make, can be effectively turned in boating gowns, and can stand any amouot of hard wear. A dress of this Itind looks well piped with red and trimmed with coarse lace. Nothing really looks smarter as a trimming on white than the deep ecru grass lawn or yak laces, still lately a feeling has been evinced for embroidery of all sorts. The old-fashioned crewel work has again been revived, and offers an opportunity • for indus- tridus fingers to employ spare minutes and half-hours in the working of floral or fanciful designs in different colours, to be afterwards turned into collars or cuffs, or bandings of an ornamental character. " Teneriffe " embroidery harmonizes well with linen toilettes.

The pretty hat sketched is of fine straw bent into shape and trimmed with roses and lam

...„ .4. - ...-4,.._ ‘. t ..:str-.,. ----._)*-454,.5s A 7 i \\ .1 74\4iptil if if. ' 4 , .....,21. ,.1 ( AI k ' •h. A PRETTY COAT.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART HAT.

Another charming style I saw lately evinced a more picturesque tendency, being trimmed solely by a scarf of lace draped on the brim, while a cluster of pale 'pink-shaded banksia roses lifted the hat up from the hair. It was secured to the head by long strings of pale pink gauze coming right across the crown and down on either side, where it was tied, the ends being left long. Very becoming to a young face are the hats of drawn tulle araped with lace, with large undu- lating brims, and in some instances these follow closety on the lines of the coal-scuttle bon•net of olden times. These hats are eminently becom- ing from a front view to a small-featured face, and, of course., go well with a short-waisted gown, but one cannot deny that, seen from the back, they are not without faults. There is, however, in the world of millinery quite a noticeable tendency towards modes whose charms are usually coaned to autumn. For instance, fruit and feathers are more worn by the ultra- fashionable than flowerp Yeddah straw is very much worn, especially by those women who are wearied of the rather übiquitous Panama. This charming dress is made of white crystalline, a silky, wiry material which does not crush or soil easily. It is trimmed with deep coloured Irish guipure, making a most effective contrast. The band and chou are of that particular tone of green termed rert amande. The wide hat is trimmed with creamy roses and

4 * - ,', 1•"'" '''„t'i.:, :,, r* f •... ... 1 . v,',6r, ,-?w, Ike ....., . \ ... 11 - *S - /:// e A •,,,,,:,,,,,eoo.‘ 0.41 \ rie kir>r,....,i a ~.. • ,- 7.: •• 4'.Arthes, P',...) ' 0 : ' , -"••-• 0

_J-771 _J-1--,..-!.•_-a 9 r ---- ---' 74 L.-7) "--•-•1( _2---, -4, *4 i-j 21 ". --; 1 '''.•-. _.'_""' ....„ 4,105&‘• ' ___l: --..p.., • 6,, ioikt .„,:-... , o*.,zt 1 y 1 41 4, 4. ii: '-v, - 1k #.l'..' 7,1 - I lig'. 4111:1 ..• oil 1' i i if 17".'•-.4 I,,t't • 4A)l'.' i• I 1 of ill, 4 kilk4lt i 1, . 1 i,l ~ I 01,0,1- ~ w ~ ~, if ,-- .40-;:4,4iirewr.v.,70.0. ‘_ ..weict,,,a,v4v4s,- --- • .. ..-.. ...., ~ . _„ .., ,

===== 0002601_19020808_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHARMING GOWN.

foliage. The bodice is plentifully tucked, and is made without a collar. Black and white has been much en evidenre this summer, and white muslins and zephyrs spotted with black make up into very chic gowns. There are some particularly charming clear muslins of this description, and these have, for the most part, a wide sash worn round the waist, falling in ends on the skirt behind. Everything in these dresses is studied for picturesque effect, and one very pretty bodice had a cross-over triple cape or fichu piped with white satin, the sleeves being gathered closely to the arm on the shoulders and falling in a wide bishop's sleeve to the wrist, where they are tied in with white satin ribbons. This is the shape which the newest sleeve takes, the gathers at the top of the arm giving a sloping appearance to the shoulders, which, of course, emphasises the leaning. fashion is taking towards the modes which. weresdashionable in the early days of the late . ;Queen. These muslin gowns should ha lined with muslin made full, as it gives the bodice a, softer effect And is cooler than silk,

COQUETTa.:

The King ham found the aid of a walking stick very useful during the latter stages of his convalescence, and though His Majesty has a large collection, his favourite stick is the one which was made from a branch of the oak into which Chs tees 11. climbed to escape Cromweler men, after the Battle of Worcester. There must be existence many ether relies of that celebrated oak, f( seen atter the Restoration, it was almost out away 1. visitors Who went to see it. The treeitself perished lone ago,and the present one is from an acorn of the original. During the many years our late Queen required the assistance of a staff, she frequently made use of the Boscobel walking stick,which is one of the most treasured heirlooms in the King's possessions. Some entertaining is taking place in honour of the Coronation, and the numerous Royalties, representing the Russian, Danish, Greek, Belgian, and Rcumanian Courts, who have returned in order to be present at that solemn celebration. Several distinguished hostesses in- cluding the Drchess of Devonshire, the Marchioners of Londonderry, and the Duchess of Portland, are fulfilling their original engagements, in respect of these Soc'oty gatherings, but of course the entertaining is not on the same grand scale as was contemplated in Juce,and July. Mans' people of rank and fashion who have been spend- icg the past two weeks at Goodwood and Cowes, are only making a short 'stay in London for the Coronation, and are leaving at once for the country or abroad,where they intend to spend the Autumn. There will be a large gathering of the Royal Family in the Highlands this autumn, the Duke and Duchess of Fife being amongst the earliest arrivals. The Duchess enjoys nothing so much as spending long days in fishing on Deeside, but the Duke of Fife is, like his Majesty the King, more fond of the gun than of the fishing rod. The Queen, ae everyone knows is devoted to angling, as is also the Prince of Wales, who is one at the best and keenest anglers in the Royal Family. His two sons, Prince Edward and Prince Albert are both keen on fish. log, and no mention of Royal anglers would be complete without including Princess Victoria and Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll, who are both very expert with the ' rod. Rouge, Powder, and white washes, are not altogether 1 unknown in the feminine world, but the number of women who habitually make up" with artificial dressings is very much less than it used to be. It would be strange if it were not so, seeing the much healthier out-of-door life which the msjority of women now lead, as comea,ed with what was the general rule 20 or 30 years ago, There are neverthclees many women MO addicted to the use of washes and cosmetics that they consider it necessary to take them to the country cr the seaside. All such applications are more or less injurious, and even those who consider that they have no com. plexion to ruin, have to pay for their use in prematurn wrinkles and a disfigured countenance. Many vremen Rod girls who are constantly applying poisonous prepara- tions to their skin, might give Nature a chance, and Bee, espeoially whilst on their holidays what the fled] free country air, and a wholesome life would do for their natural complexion. The woman who would be popular should never recommend a dresersilker. An ill-cut sleeve, or a badly hung skirt can breed the most bitter resentment, and though it is the dressmaker upon whom the onus should fall, human justice is so appallingly uncertain that it not infrsquently happens to be the woman who recommends the modiste who has to suffer for that mediste's sins. Very much the same sort of punishment falls upon the individual who in an unwary moment recommends a "good holiday place." There have been cases and many of tbem in which firm friends have been driven into an enmity which has defied the softening influence cf time, merely because ore who loves solitude, and the beauties of nature, has been persuaded by the other to take his or her holiday at a jaunty seaside place,or lice versa. The choice of a holiday place is one of the things of which every man and woman should take the responsibility upon them- selves. For even if they altogether fail to enjoy them- selves and lose their tempers,they will thus at least kcep their friends.

Veils hava been little worn this summer, but during the holidays they are likely to he much patronised again. The newest veiling is very clear and light, and is arranged very full over tbe bat or tcque, from which it falls loosely to below the chin. Some women gather it here, slightly, thus forming a kind of bag, but the latest idea is to leave the veil to fall as it will. It seems early to talk of autumn fabrics, yet the new patterns are out, and soon we shall have to consider them seriously. It would appear that the day of rough and long-haired materia's was over, and that the plain smoother varieties would this season take their place. So far as the cut of our gowns is concerned, there is at present no sign of any change. A few leading modistes are building their skirts with the hip yoke, but this idea is not new, and moreover it is almost always a failure in actual wear. In the matter of sleeves, we should be ell advised not to tolerate anything in the way of exaggeration. As winter advances, Coey promise to grow smaller, and the " jelly bag" arrangement will probably shortly vanish altogether. The three-quarter sac coat, which has been familiar to us for the past ycae or two, is, it seems, to le worn again this autumn. This however, is a matter for re- gret as not one woman in a hundred looks her best in these lengthy and shapeless garments. The feminine figure is so obviously meaat to show:a dividing line at the waist, that any attempt to disregard it in one's dress is foredoomed to failure. It would be:well t ) bear this in mind, before making purchases, more especially es

in (or, by In

===== 0002601_19020808_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

VERY WOALIN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the cials Safe. Sure and Genuine Remedy, Never Fails. Thousands of Testimonials. Mr P. BL.LIWILARD, Dalstau-lane, London.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WO7-7.T"i-3 A Gl.Mtrail A COX.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
• "t • :1` 4ts, Atr, • "a- • if I. 9 .--, 4 • „,400 - •

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & 11ERVOTIS DISORDERS, Sick Headaite, Constipation, Wind,

iiiieak SternaCil, impaired Digestion;

Disordered Liver & Famale Ailments.

• Prepared only by the Proprietor TFIOMAS BE.ECTIAM St. Helens, Lancashire, irk boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d: each, with full diiectious. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Ai I I) a BOOTS delight every wearer. .

Gent's Non-Tread-Over Tested Horse Skin Boots, 10/6 Size, Shape The, and P.O. to List F. JONES & SON. 693, Holloway Road. 1.4•

TXIP KA77pp 71.1! Fa MAKIIO zAWbJ LIA /AA 1.4. ca DEW.

TSB GREATT J. BOON ever o lered to the Launchess tqr imparting an Ivory finish t o Starched Linen. Laces, etc. & does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once tried away* wanted. Used In the o aI. Laundries.

6boiild he used tu house. Se Id by innst by Starch,Sellers in Packets, ott ~,nd PrenarPel only T. CAITCIII...Y. BIAVI'bUrII.

S Priv. Free.

S ro% .

===== 0002601_19020808_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
lot A :V> GOUT

FOR GOUT .111111321.1 AT ISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The oxcruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Sale, ffectiye. All Chemists and stores at Is. I el..snd 2s. 9.1.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
eet Q4raosic)ll'

CURES when all ether Remedies fail

===== 0002601_19020808_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES,

The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callo:•ities on the .eles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/11. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

THR-NBIF FRZNOHLRBIERDY. This successful and bighly T I-I ERA PION. popular remedy, as em played in the Continental Hospitals b 3 Ricord Rostan,Jobert. Yelpeau. and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots. blotches, pains and swel lugs of' the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism. gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhale- tin.. etc. Tberaplon is prepared in three different fume Nos. 1,2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended, .Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope fon pa:dap/alt.-. to

MR. R. JOHNSON, 43 HoLFORD-QUARE, LONDOS, W.O

===== 0002601_19020808_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY HMV

Why euffeetrom pains and misery caused byllervousness Premature Bahaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send to my book, which shows how every man, young and old, eau be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEI:1101NR or.ELBOTRIOITY.

Specimens of letters recezved, aud qoarsnteed genni "I cannot find words to express nmr Aso..a, am. used to think I never would gec cure I. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many poands.—G.P.M." " I nave carried out your instructions, and am now Pee fectly Bonk sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. , LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. bendet once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succee,'

===== 0002601_19020808_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS.

Are justly celebrated all over thetworld as the most safe an 3 speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy o•• other Deposits. Stone 4n the Bladder. Discharges. an> Diseases of the Ifidneys and Urinary Organs generally. mmy compiaints. supposed. to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off SST the kidneys. Byers, package bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DR Roos. LONDON." thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. 4,1. an 2s. 93, at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor Hnlford House. Holtord-sonare. 1.00d,-,. Wet

===== 0002601_19020808_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
JUN

.!..peess-orp

METROPOL, 75. Lishco-

,CHIN(STS•

-- Street Without, an Plow:max Onwra. Loy

topagate

CYCLES aim THE VERY BEST. FOR

LADIES a GENTLEMEN. Carriage Paid to al! parts CASH 05 12 MONTHLY PAYMENTS. ( £7 15$. 1412 \ £8 Bs. 15/. £5l 103. 17/1 £9 1513. 1716 g tits os. 201. ,g,2 os. 21/81 over 100 pages, and S and latest Cycling louse. Sent rost free. :0., Ltd. (Dept. C.) . London, E.C.. W.

war fa 0 FRIII 14/2 nuhly. WHEELS. 1 .• - - .ekr d -- POST NV, Write at once for NEW Sassoisa T over SOO illuatrations of JUNO r at lower prices than any `I.ITAN MACHIN"'

===== 0002601_19020808_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATI NG'S 'POW

Ti4s-3d.6d.15-BELLOWS gd.,

' • --72, • - „ • .1311G5.110T._liS:BEETLES.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.t,cl

===== 0002601_19020808_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Oa Receipt of Four Stamps Samples) either sent Poet Free.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19020808_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

" AR to pieces." This is a form of complaint we often bear at—the tas stem cut of condition, temper uncertain, as that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less, no appetite, no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted is something to pull you tegether.Get Gwilym Evans' Quinine• Bitters, and you will sosn find that it will pull you together, and that you will be all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do yell good, for it contains everything necessary for fighting wasting disease. There is no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off many serious illnesses. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters strengthens thsL part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease and therefore Intl's liable to coils and their attendant ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation. Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters a3sists and promotes digestion, and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters traces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. Gailym Evans' Quinine Bitters removes all impurities and ob- structions from the human body. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives tone to the whole system. There is no secret about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Only Dame Nature's secrets to he found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dar. delion. Scientifically combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and widespread the blessings of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity, the best Remedy of the Age for Imligestion,Weaktiess, Nervcu:ness, Loss of Appetite, Low Spirits,Sleeplessness, Chest Affections. and Influenza. Ga./Iv:a Evans' Quinine Bitters is en- tirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances, which give future pain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is equally adapted to all ages and condi- tions. Thousands have been permanently cured by Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters when all other remedies have failed. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, and enjoyment in life to all. Do not be persuaded to take any substi- tute for Gwilrm Evans' Quinine Bitters,but in your own interest, and for your own self-protection, see that the • name "Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for 't. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles'.2s 9.1 and 43 Bleach everywhere,or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—The Quinine Bitters Manufactur- ne Company. Limited. Lhnelle. Serish

===== 0002601_19020808_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION. ---- The Bishop of Hereford's Eirenicon.

Mr Hirst Hollowell Protests. Mr J Hirst Hollowell, secretary of the Northern Cour- ties Education League, in a letter to the " Times " says :—The spirit in which the Bishop of Hereford has addressed you in regard to the educational grievances suffered by many citizens of England i 4 admirable ; and Nonconformists generally will recognize his desire Co be tree But he is seriously misinformed if he thinks both sides in'Lancashire will accept his proposals. The Arch- deacon of Manchester has no right to assare the Bishop of Heretord that Nonconformists will accept an arrange- ment whereby in 12,000 schools wholly maintained from rates and taxes, Nonconformists shall by statute he permanently excluded from the office of head teacher. This is the bishop's proposal in plain words ; and, it this is what se excellent a man pots forward as generous what is the policy ef the majority of the clergy ? Whit the clerical parts, wants is to subordinate the nation's work and the nation's teachers to ecclesiastical ascend- ency. This is what tee E location Bill does, and Bury, Leeds, and Clithere .say they will not have it. The whole country ought to be allowed to say what it thinks of such a bill. To pass it without a general election is to defraud the Country of its zonatitutemal rights and to destroy the most fruitful of its lc cal institutions. 'The bill is the visible form of a conspire cy against popular control and English Protestanism ; and it is the duty of every con- stituency to demand that, before it is passed into law, it shall be sent to the countr7 for consideration. The country would make short work of it. Miry ol the clergy know this, and are trying to hurry us into compromises. by which we should sell the schooe; into the hands of the S:ate Church for another generation. If there ever was so hour when Free Ceurctimcn and Liberals should stand fast that hour is now, The Rev. F. E. Powell and the Church's Education Policy. [TO TTiF EDITOR OF TIIE '• MANCHESTER GUARDIAN "] Sir,—When we see the terrible strife, " as when one letteth out water," which is raling nyee this Education Bill, we are surely constraiued to cry Seri boeo ? Any advantage which the Church is supposed to gam in one , direction is most assuredly more than lost in another. The Church's educational pellets has always seemed to I me feeble in the extreme. All eff drts to give definite religious teaching have been concentrated on Ceurch schools, regardless of the fact that these are slowly but surely being outnumbered by what we may now call State echoole. Supporters of denecninational schools may rest assured that this is the last kind arra degree of hclp they are ever likely to get from any Government. And in ten years' time how many of these schools will have been made over to the new edu- cational authority? There are many clerge, like myself, who realise that the game is not worth the candle, that the religious results are not anything like commensurate with the expectatione formed concernine them. And ' even if they were, this bill will make the struggle for I existence far keerier in many cases than it has ever been I before. There will be a falling off in those subscribers who have hitherto only given to prevent a school board rate being levied. Such subscribers cermet he regarded as friends of education, bet rather its enemies. And the lessened subscriptions . will in many instances be quite inadequate to meet tie dem +n Is which the new educational authority will make upon the managers. Toe days of deneminatinnal as distinct from State scheok are numbered. Far better would it hare been if our leaders had promoted a prlicy which by now week] have been successful—a universal State system, with the right for parents to obtain, at the expense of the venous reliedous hedles, such religious teaching as they (the parents) desire their children to have. Now we are in the absurd position of fiehting tenaciously for Church teachirre in one yet of schools, aed Church teaching, ton,f or all attending them whether Clinch children or not, who di not make use of the conscience clause, while making nn effort at all to secure Church teaching for Church do limn in the other and steadily increasing set of schools, but rather helping to formulate that " raoral mons- ter " State undenominationalism. But if our leaders acquiese in thia undeneminationalisrn for the million Jet us sac) Church chitdren in Board schnols, why should they be so tenscions for the other millio (let us say) Church children in Church 5C130,18 But while we are thus fighting a losing battle on be- half of our children only, we are incurring the hostility of a very considerable number of our fellow-citizens, whose cry that put,lic money must be entirely under public control is the only eound position for a self- reenacting State to adont. The Liberalism in me. which insists upon equal facilities being given for all religions, or none, to be taught in all Stats-aimported schools, will not allow me to use rhtes without the adequate control of the .ratepsysr. The Education Department has hitherto con'r ;lied the tease that have gone to pay for education in our Church schools, and if we are compelled to seek rate aid the only logical corol- lary is ratepaieers' control. I therefore am not surprised at the opposition which Mr Banc u,'.l measure is encnue- terire, nor do I think the Church is wise in seeking to maintain her infleerice in the schools by methods so alien to all principles of democratic government. After all, education is primarily a naticn I concern,and should be so regarded by the nation. And the nstion should no longer delegate its duty to religious bodies, particu- larly if by doing so these bodies are permitted to retain the chief and most nf the other posts for their I adherents. No one will pretend that Churchmen have a I monopoly of educational talent ; why, then, should the nation give them the monopoly of educe hone! offices in an overwhelming number of its ichools ? The Church, I know, is in the position ref landlord in these schools. Well, then, let the State bay rents for them or purchase them outright. Oh, but it is said, the east is So great. Until the uation learns that the cost of education is hue a secondary and subordinate consideration we shall never make that headway which for SO Many reasons we should. At any rate, the re- gent debates in the HOU9fi of Commons and the letterq in the" Guardian " have convinced me, what indeed I have felt for abog time, that, as a principle perfectly o Just and fair, Liberals are bound to go for popular con- trol, and I ouly wish we could place all schools in this position. proper provision being made for the teaching of religious principle 3 by aped at the expense of the various religious bodies to those children whose parente desire it for them. Then should we see a perfectly Jule and equitable arrangement and, what is scarcely second in my estimation, a termination Of the unhappy wife which is se terribly injurious to the spirit of true re- , ligion.—Yours, FRANCIS E. FONVFLL. St. James's Vicarage, warrineten, August 4th, 1902.

SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

- ITS MARTYLLOUS EFFECT EPON THE STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS & BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natoral strengthening,. healing and purifying power, far greater thtn other known remedies. This is now concened by important authori- ties. It was first introducrd by Mr. Veno as nne of the ingredients of Veno's seaweed Tonic, since which time -Veno's Seaweed Tonic has been wed in hospitals alid by doctors themselves use of its superior curative pro- perties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidnry diseases, ard toe extraordinary cotes 14 performs, saen in the worst Wes. is tylsitive proof of its efficacy. It is a god•send to sufferers from indiges- tion. wind, headache, senses' weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blond and RABITIME CONSTIPATION, Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Price Is. lad. and 2s. 95. At chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION.

MAYOR OF WARRINGTON'S INVITATION,

The fcilowing is a clpy of the invitation to the Coronation received by the Mayor of Warrington, aad his reply thereto:— " The Mayor of Warrington. " I am commanded to invite you as Maror of town of over twenty thousand inhabitants to Coronation of August ninth. Please telegraph immediately whether you can accept invitation, which is Btrictl7 not tram- ferrable. You roust wear robes and chain if robes, uniform or Court dress with chain. Norfolk, Earl Marshall, Norfolk House, St. James Square." The Right Honourable Earl of Norfolk. Norfolk House, St. James' Square, 1.,,nd0n. Much regret cannot now have honour accepting in- vitition Coronation. Promieed to attend celebration in Warrington :—Parr, Mayor of Warrington.

To-morrow's Celebrations at

===== 0002601_19020808_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington.

There is at present very little if anything in War ringon to indicate the near approach of such great event as the Coronation. 'the town wears ita usual'everyday appearance, no decorations having yet been commenced, and it is evident that the celebrations to-morrow will not be on an elaborate scale Of course, this is not surprising when it is considered how much expense many people in- curred before the postponement of the Coronation in June. A general holiday will be observed, the works and places of business closing for the week- end to-night. The Town's and FriendlY

===== 0002601_19020808_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Societies' Procession.

Complete Arrangements.

The principal feature of the cel-brationA at War- rington will be tl.e Town's and Friendly Societies' procession in the morning, the arrangements for which are exactly the same as were mace in June. The procession will fall in at the Town Hall

Grouurds in the following order, in formation of four deep, under the direction of the Town's Marshal (Mr Luke Talbot, Chief tion6tab:e)

1 Detachment of Police. 2 Volunteer Band and Battalion. 3 Ambulance Brigade. 4 Fire Brigade. 5 Clergymen of all denominations. 6 The Mayor, Mayoral Suite and Borough member. 7 Freemen of the Borougla 8 Aldermen, Councillors and Justices of the Borough. 9 Principal Corporation Officials. 10 Guardians of the Poor and Rural District Councillors. 11 Friendly Societies (in ,the order shown in the table published above.) For convenience of expression in this programme the above-mentioned bedies,from number 1 to num- ber 10, will be referred to as section 1 of the proces- sion. Number 11 (iriendly societies) will be called section number 2. At 10 a m the Marshal's bugler will sound the Assembly," acid section number lof the proces- sion should at once form four deep in the drives of the Town Hall, the Volunteer band and battalion taking up their position in the east drive with their band and head of column resting on the centre gate. The remainder of section 1 will fall in behind the battalion, in proper sequence, up the east drive and so on round the whole of the walk, the rear of section 1 being nearest to the west gate r Section number 2 will occupy the lawn., Entering the:Park by the centre gate (as per Time Table) the first Slciety (Ancient Order of Rechabites) will pass up the lawn to the side nearest Bath-street, and halt at the top facing the Town Hall.and the other societies , will form beside it in rotation. The waggons are to be drawn up in proper numerical order in Bath- street and Legh-street ready to enter the Town Hall grounds by Bath-street entrance and fall in behind their respective Societies when directed by the police. The first waggon should b 3 resting on the Bath-street entrance. No horse vehicles other than these (and such private carriages as may be authcrised by his Worship the Mayor), will be allowed into the Town Hall grounds, or to take part in the nrocession. At 10.30 when the Procession .should be ready to start, the bugler will a Jund the " Advance" The whole of the •processionista should then fees the Town Hall steps,where the Mayoress will wave the National Flag. At this signal the Volunteer Band will play one verse of the National Anthem, which the processionists are respectfully requested to sing in unison with the band, At the close of this cere- mony the procession will immediately move off upon its route, leaving the grounds by the centre gate. The Friendly societies will pass down the West drive and out at the centre gate.

Having traverNed the route all will return to the Town Hall grounds, section number 1 going in by the west gate and taking up its position in the drives exactly as before the start. Section number 2 will re-enter by the centre gate and take up the same position on the lawn as before the start. All will stand fast (in position as before the start) until a signal is ziverlby bugle-call, when all will face the TON7II Hall and a second verse of the National Anthem will be played and sung as before. The procession will then disperse. When the societies are re entering the grounds after traversing the route their waggons will go down Arplev-street and up Winmarleigh-street, et the top of which latter street No 1 waggon will stand, the others falling in be'And it. and all the vehicles will wait to join their reqpective sociel;ias after the dispersal of the Proce=sion.

_ Frier,dly Societies will leave the grounds al follows:

_ 1 (Rechabites), Winmarleigh-street, Museum- • street, St Austin's-lane. 2 (Free Gardeners), Sankey-stree, Horse- market-street. 3 (Druids), Springfield-strest,Palmwra-square. 4 (National Order of Oddfellows), Sankey- street Legh-street Bath-street.

5 (ManchestAr Unity Oddfellows), Sankey- street, Bold-street. 6 (Forrester.), Sankey-street, Golborne-street. 7 (Grand United Oddfellows), Straight across to Conservative Club. 8 (Xncient Order of Shepherds), Sankey- street, Legh-street, Edgeworth-street, Bew- sAy-street, and Bewsey-road. 9 (Butchers), Sankey-street, Corporation- street.

The f dlowing is the routs of the pro ion ; West Drive, Sankey-street, Bridge-street, Mersey- street. Church-street (right band side), round the big lamp in Church Place, back down Church-street, Irlam-street, Buttermarket-etreet, Horsernarket- street. Winwick-atreet, Tanners-lane, Crosfield- street, to Town Ball grounds. Any gentleman dAsirous of joining the proce 4- sion is requested to attend at the Town Hall not later than 10 o'clock.

The Volunteers and the Procession.

The following menial ordtr hae been leaned by, Captain Appleton. Acting Adjutant to the let Volunteer Rattaiinn S3uth Lancashire Regiment :—Caronatian Parale.—The Battalion will parade at the Drill Hall at 9.15 a.m. on the 9,J3 inptant, to celebrate His Majeaty's Cnronetion.ae re;rong ss possible. Drew'. Review Order, Helmets wed Tunica. Band and Bfielp Rend to attend.

THE DETACHMENT FOR LONDON.

The Dstachment of Volunteers for duty in Londoo will parade at the Drill Hall to-lay (Friday)at 10.45 ø.m under the command of Captain R Smith, and proceed to the Central Station to entrain for Londoo.

Friendly:Societies' Arrangements.

The following are the details of the arrangements made by each Friendly society:— INDEPENDENT ORDER OF RECRABITES.—Num- ber of Tents in Warrington Ditrictl6; names of local Tents, " Charity." " Union," " Purity " " Prosperity " (Warrington), " Sir Wilfred " (Penketh). " Sunbeam " (Strckton Heath), " Luke Ellison " (Latchforn) ; secre- taries of local Tents, Messrs W Wright, S Fernley, Warburton, It Crags!, P 1 Hill, A Ward, J W Soenselsy. Wli Peareon About 500 members of the Order are expected t take part in the prncewaion. They will aasernble at Friars'-gven Independent Ddethodist Chapel, and will nroceed to the Park, headed by Brick-street Missinn Band. The distinctive features of the proces- sion will be one large silk banner bearing &gels and em- blem; of the Order, a number of small bannerettes, several disnenseioni (or warrants) decorated, and carried by the officers, also a complete representation of the various symbolical characters which form the handsome emblem of the Order. The selection consists of 'seventeen separate ornaments, each exqulsitely wrought in sold silver, and mounted on staves for carrying, and comprises the following models, viz.. .. Tent., „ Eye." Bible," " Wheatsheaf," '• Beehive," " Sun," " Moon and Stars," "Inkstand," "Cross-keys," " Lamb," •' Serpent," " Dove," " Sword," " Crown," and " Staves."

NATIONAL UNITED ORDER OF FREE GAR- DENERS :—There are 3 local ledges, viz. ;—Paddington Glory, Moss Rose, and Rile of West Derby. The chief offic-re of the local Order are :—District Master Bro T J Brookes ; district secretary, Bro J Budge r district treasurer, Bro W H Tole About 250 members are eepec- ted to take part in the procession, and they will meet at the Hop Pole Inn. Fletcher, Russell's Band has been engaged, and a banner emblematical of the Order will be carried. There will also be a lurry containing some- thing typical of the Order. WARRINGTON EQUALIZED DISTRICT BRANCH ORDER OF DRUlDS:—Number of lecil lodges, 13 ; names of local lodges, Trafalgar, Queen Victoria, Druids Camp, Isle of Mona, MermaidaDruies Hope, King William the 4th, Pride of Latchtord, Penketh United, The Fearnhead, Nil Desperandum, The Mersey. Croft United; average worth per member, £3 103 ; average age per member, 34 years ; chief officers of the district, Mr R E Pooley, Grand Master ; Mr James Ray, vice- Grand Master ; Mr Ezra Eden, district treasurer ; Mr DI Houghton, district secretary. Seven hundred members are expected to join in the procession, and the place oe meeting is Palmyra.--,quare. Penketh Tannery Brass Band will head the procession, and there will be one large double pole banner, and One medium sized double pole banner. The members will wear handsome rosettes, those for the officers being in red and gold and those for the ordinary members in red and silver. The roeettee are in the form rif crewns, with red, wisite and blue ribbons. Thirteen new stt3 of lodge officers regalia, emblematical of tee order, have been obtained • for the occasion. They are very beautifully worked acd will produce a pleasing effect when worn in the proces- sion. 'Toe thirteen collarettee tor P N.G.A's. (past chairmen of lodges) are of red velver, fringed with gold and the emblem ot the Order is worked upon them in silk. A jewel and gold tassel add a pretty finishing touch. 'The collarettes for the thirteen N.G.A's. (chair- men of lodges) are of blue watered silk with sold fringe, and they also bear the emblem of the cedsr. Very similar in design are thirteen collerettee for V G.A'e. (vice-chairmen of the lodge-) the only difference being that instead of having a gold fringe they are einbellieled with gold br aide. The district secretary, district treasurer nd Vie-Grand masters, wet wear their silver chains of office, the links of which are in the form of shields and stars. The Grand Master will wear a gold one of similar design. The district dispensation, draped with gold-coloured silk, artificial cornflowers, Japanese daises, ribbons Ss,. will he carried by four memners. NATIONAL IdDEPENDEN T ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS :—There are 4 heal 10_1Zeg, viz ;—Loyal Geribaldi, Loyal Perseverance, Loyal Prosnerlre, Loyal Friendship ; average worth per member, £4 17e ; aver- age ago per member, 33 years 4 months; chief officers of local order, Bro James Bramhall, Grand Mester. ; Bro Walter Dare an, IX-puty Grand Master ; Bro Thomas Dickinson, D C S ; Bro James Smith, district treasurer. About 250 members of this Order will take part in the procession, beaded by Walton Brass Band. Bath-street will be the place at meeting. One double pole banter will be carried, and the processionists wel wear white gloves and rosettes. The chief officers will have new regalia. INDEPENDEN 1' ORDER OF ODDFELLOIVS, MAN- CHESTER UNI :—Number of local Lodges, 10; chief officere of local Ordar, Grand Master, Bee T S Steel ; deputy Grand Mister,Bre Ellie R Clere;dietrict treasurer, Bro Th omas Wadsworth. The processionists, numbering about a theusand,wdl assemble in Chapel-street,off Bold- street, and march to the Park headed by Crosfield'e bind. A roe oe banner emblematical of the Order will be carried. The Grand Master in regalia will walk first in the prceession. accompanied by other district officers and Past Provincial Grand Masters. Then will follow the varieue lodges in the districten the order of senioritr. Each I. do/will be sealed by its officers, who will wear the Lodes. regalia. At the members of the Order will wear specially designed rosettes, bearing the name of the Order, awl also whiie bows and white gloves. There be six carriages for old members. ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS :—There are six local c lute, viz :—Court Jasziel No. 133, Cent Merle, Ns 240, Court Warrington. No. 430, Court Hope Ni. 431, Court May Duke Ne. 461, Court Kidd No. 475; avt nee worth per member, £4 ;average age per mem- be, , 34 years ; chief officers of the district, Bro Williana Haokinsen, dietrict chief ranger ; fin Williarti Bullock reetret sub chief ranger ; Brothers Richard Marsh David Clayton and James Bencroft, district trustees ; Bee Llewellyn Davies, district secretary ; Bre John Davies, lion assistant secretary. This Order's procession promises to he a most attractive one. The membrr3, numbering about 1,000, will assemble at the Market Place, awl march to the Park and afterwards round the town, headed by Walke.r's Brewery Band. The new &strict banner blaring on one side the emblem of the Order and on the other paintings illustrative of " Hein in time of need " will be carried. In the pretession there will be characters representing Robin Hood (Bee J Bancroft, jim.,) Locksby (Bro W Sudlow), Maid Marion (Miss E Msybury), attendant to Mali Mari,n (Bro J Cart, r), Friar Tuck (Bro H Hill), Will Scarlet (Bro John Ansnip),Little John( Bro H Braeegirella),end Allan-a-Dale (fire T Addi.on). The three first named will be mounted. As Court 461 is held at Martinscroft, the Coronation Committee have geeernuely arranged to convey those memeers that come to Warrington by 'buses to be in time for the procession. They heve also provided a landau for the district officers and a large waggonette to convey the aged and infirm members in the proces- sioo. The Agee of the old members will represent a total of over 1,500 years. Some of the members haVe been connected with the society for over 63 years. The aggonettes will be deeorated with representations of "our veteran Fors 'ere." GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS —There are five local lodges, vz. --Ark o f Deluge, Britain' Glory, Faith Hope and Charity, Benevolent Srar, Star in the Ear ; average worth per member, £2 17s 61 ; District Waster, Robert H G'heon, Lodge 412; Deputy- district Master, Bee T Griffith., Lodge 447 ; District Secretary, Urn William Oxley, Leiel 91; District Treasurer. Brn Jahn Pownill, Ledge 449. Three hundred members are exprietecl to take part in the procesision,and they will meet in the Assembly Room at the Conserva- tive Club. Buckley-street P.S.A. Band has been engaged and there will be one double pole banner, bearing on one side the arms of the Order and on the other a painting illustrative of the offering of aseistance to widows and orphans. There will be one carriage for old members, The chief officers will wear rezalia, and all the members will have bedzes and white gloves.

—LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT SD EPHE RDS her of local Lodges, 10 viz :—Le Spring Bose. Song of Mersey, Morning Star, Friend in Need, Rove Bud, Olive Branch, Thorn Tree, Pride of Latchford, Ironwcrkers nom., Shepherds b 7 (LVmrril ; chief officPra of local Order. Ben John Haley, Pro. C.S ; Bro Joseph WthirnS, D.P.C.S. ; Bro James Parr, district treasurer ; Brother Per" Elgar, district voretary. It is expected that about 700 member a will take part in the proceeeion. The pace of meeting, 'la the vacant land near St Paul's Church. The "Guardian BAnd "has been engaged. There will bp one banner, and a carriage will be provided for old membere.

THE WARRINGTON BUTCHERS' FRIENDLY SOCIETY :—There is one local lodce of this Society ; average worth per member, £22 11 2d ; average age ner member, 0 years ; chief officers of heal order, Mr Frank Conenv, resident ; Mr Joseph Pt offitt. v'en-presi- dent ; Mr John Wainwright, trrasurer ; Mr Edward Pointon. secretory. Thirty memhero of the society will be mounted, and there will be two carriages for old member?. The pvace of meeting for the procession is opposite Tr:nity Church, Sankey-3trre'. 'There will be one double pole banner.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Band of Hope Demonstration.

• In the afternoon a Band of Elope clAmonstration and gala will take place. The members of local Banda o Rope will joie in a procession, startinz from the Town Hall at 230, and proceed Co Victoria Park,where sports, So, will be held.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TH.E EXAMINER FRIO.AY AUGUST 8, 1902 THE LATE LORD GERARD.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Interment at Garswood. --- A Military Funeral.

A large crowd witnessed the funeral of the late Lord Gerard at Garswood on Monday, many journeying from netglabouring towns to do homage to toe dead peer of Garswood Hall. The baronial hall is situated within a mile or two of a busy mining population, and its scudded chimney stalks appeared to have held their blackened breath in favour of a day of mourning. All along the line of route tLere was evidence of the respect in which Lord Gerard was held by the populace. The doted shop of the trader, and the drawn blinds of the cottager, betokened the mourning, and signs indicative of grief were manifest on every hand. The close attachment his fate lordship had with the military—a career that was ever endeared to his heart— made it befiiting that he shouid have a soldier's burial. The interest which such a ceremonial must command was accompanied by genuine sorrow, not only amidst his lordship's retainers and tenantry, but amongst those wbo had no initnediate obligation other than the remem- brance of a good-hearted nobleman, who had always an interest in their lives, though separated by position and rank.

It was this sentiment that pervaded the multitude of hard-working Lancashire people who lined the thorough- fares and approaches to Garswood, where they assem- bled to pay their tribute of respect to the late peer's memory.

The tuneral took place at no rat at St o“vald's Church, Astiton-io-Makerfield, which is on the demesne of his late lordship. Long prior to the app iated time for the ceremony toe streets were lined with spectators, large crowds of excursionists journeying from Wigan and Sc Helens to witness the ceremony. At 10 30 the funeral cortege left Garswood lall, passing along the main walk of the estate,through woodland and emerging into Warrington load, where a large staff of police had been .301:11Mi6- sinned to keep the avenue approaching the church clear. The procession was particularly melancholy and im- prsasive. the body of the late baron being placed on a gun carriage of the Roy al Horse Artillery, which was attached to a khaki gun' drawn by four horses of the Artillery regiment, and followiog was the charger of his late lordship in trappings ( f mourning, 1?d by Corporal Moulding, who saw service with his lordship through the war. The coffin was enshrouded with the 'Union Jack. The deceased's sword, busby, and medal were also laid on the lid,along with a wreath from his Majcsty the King,

Immediately following came the main body of the Lancashire Hussars, who joined the procession with reversed arms and marched with a slow, funeral step. Colonel Elelowond. who was in command, was accompanied by Lords Lathom and Sefton, and other chief officerg. The band of the regiment, under Band- master Batley, played the " Dead March" in Saul on leaving the hall,and this was subsequently interchanged for Chopin' thrilling "Marche Funenr." In the mean- time Lady Gerard and her daughter, the Hon Ethel Gerard, enterAd the church by the side door leading from the estate. Her ladyship was dressed in black, and was accompanied by her immediate relatives. Thebody was met at the porch of the sacred edifice by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Liverpool (Dr White- side) and the following clergy : Deans Powell and Sommer, the Right Rev Monsignor Carr (vicar-general), Fathers Mverscoueh (Preston), O'Sullivan (Blaekbrook), Lawson, S.J., A Walmsloy (Liverpool), T Walmsley (Efaydock), W Parkinson (Orrell), E Smith (Pemberton), J Firzgerald (Liverpool), L Verbrugghe (Platt Bridge), J H Seed (Liverpool), L Barry (Widnes), J tdelling (Wrightington), Catterall (Liverpool), and Roberts (Ushaw)...

s Dr Whiteside, Roman Catholic !Bahl) of Liverpool, officiated, with Monsignor Carr, Vicar-General, along with Dean Powell and Father O'Sullivan as his deacons. The choir sang " rkliierere mei " to the end of the great Penitential Psalm. In the mean'ime the body was borne by Yeomanry to a catara'que in front of the altar, which was beautifully adorned with floral emblems. Following this the Bishop preceseled with the " Requiem Mass." The ctoir rendered the " Kyrie" and " Sanctus " to the Gregorian chant, and the " Jesu Salvator Mandl," and at the end or the Mass " Dona eis Requiem" to a harmonised Gregorian chant. At the end of the Mass the Bishop resumed his cope, and con- tinued with the Service of the Dead. The choir rendered in a flout-gluing manner the impressive hymn, " Dies Dee."

After the sprinkling, and incensing of the coffin it was borne to the grayeeide by the Yeomanry, ei•corted by the choir, who rendered the Grrglrian chant, In Paradiaum." Throughout the flervicn the MUM,' Wag Gr Torian, unaccompanied, the firector being Father Walm,ley, of the Chnrola of Our Lady of Reconediation, Eldon-sf raet, Liverncol.

At the graveside Dr White9ide conducted thn service. The family vault contains Lim deceased nowman's fa'her and mother. It was draped in purple. After tle coffin was placed in the vault the cfficer in command gave the Hey Yeomen, who formed a line in front of the sepulchre, the order to fire nree The chief mourners were as folew :—Lord Gerard (son), Lady Gerard (vrfde+,), Hen E•hqt Gerard (dauh!.er), Hon Robert Gerard D;cconsoo (brother), Hon Mrs Gerard Dieconerm, Major Milner (brothnr-ir-law), Mrs Milner Maier Fred Gerard (cousin), Sir Martin and Lady Gosselin, MAjer Anderton, Mr Frank Anderton, le,rd Newton, and Colend H R D'A Willis, of Halsnea.d. The Yeomanry was commanded by Lientent- Colonel EH G Hopwood, and anannq the other ffi^ers in attendance were Csntain and Adjutant Lockett, M jet' W L Pilkineton, Major f A Earle, M jor Lord Latho:n, Major El M'Corqaodale.Major Sir Humphrey de Tratfiwd„ Captain Lord S-ftou, Captain E Pilkinenn, Captain E Stapleten Bretherton, Lieutenant J manly, Walker, Lieutenant A L Pilkinetoo, and Lieutenant C Str, e', Veterinary-Captain Dixon, Sari-mon-Major Darner Harrisson, and Lieutenant and Riding Master N CrlM- shaw, of the 20th HuiFa,.e.

. - . Among the representatives of vublie bodies worn Mcners W VAliant, w Clarke, T Price, D B Marsh, Dr. Winstsraley, Hl3 Davies, J Hamilton, J Fl Bell, W Anginal!, G J Robbins, T Crompton, T Hayldoek, A Oaes (clirk), T Burgess (surveyor), repre- senting the Aehtor-in-Melp.rfiold Die!rict Oeuncil,Meeers H S Oppenheim, LP., J J Grimehaw,'L P., C.C., J B Leach, C D Fothergill,and Austin Wriling, representing the S. flu lens Providencn Free floapital, of which Lord Gerard was president ; the Meyor of Wigen (Alderman R E Kellett J.P.), Fiaring- ton, Alderman Richards, Counc;/;or T F.vanm. and Dr Berry, representing the Wigs n Corcorerion ; Messrs J Birchall, A A Slater, G SlringfAuw, end W representing the St Flelens ,tholic Charity Ball Com- mittee ; Mrssl's J T Thompson, W Whittle (Southport), JSP"PWatt. represeelline Cluservative Club, Satithoort ; Liverporl ; sies J W Hutchin- son, H Cunliffs, Arthur Smethurst, 1' S Mayan (colliery manager?), Rev H Siddall (Ashton); Weir; J rho Stone, J.? (Garwood), C U Astle and C Rose rind the follow- ing repreaentativee of the Tenantry :—Messrs S Barton, J Rigby, R Hnn, P Ban. J Watery/m.l.h, P Ambrose, T W Rigby, J PhrThian, W Jonkius, J Sutton, J Wright. P Pennington, w Bseyes, T Cliff", HHe rdock, J Fair- hurst, W Downall, W Conliffe, E Watern,orth, J Bred- hurn,J Hurst. E Hurst, E Sumner,' Rndhoro, R Tuirrr E Blackburn. T Swift, T Erdaerslev, W M'Glashon, J W Prientner. J M`Clernent. T Moulding end H Roberts. The coffin was of polished oak, with hraSq fit'lnes red moths. and ch. inscription read " wrniern Can.firli sec^ro Baron -a of Bryn. Bore 21st June, 1851, died 30th Jule, 1902." The wreaths were numeroun.the magnificent floral emblem from His Marnty the King bearing the inscription, Edward R. In kind remem- brance. An a token of friendship and regard. With ' dvnest regret." Anothsr wreath bore the inserintion. " With deep an] aff Wirrinte regret from his old friend RaseberY," whilst a third emblem bore the following : In sff,-etionete momory oe a very old and very deer friend, P Brehezon." Trihuten worn also sent in Lord Allineon. Lady A irroeyenor,Lad^ Mary Cook,Mrs C Cornwallis West, bord Flarrinfron, Prances Dawacer CaunTers of Slue ;rebury, Car."'" fl","mi.llon B Gererd. Hon E Gerard, Nelly and C H Mrnar, Hon and Mrs Oliphant. Mr and Mm Rebine, Edward and Evelyn Milner, Arthur Covent-v. Sir Daniel and Ledo Cooper, Hussars, the Earl of Lonsdade. Lady flelmalay, colonel. officers and men of the A Squadron of the Llecinhire the tenant farmers of Garns•oorl and E•" wog.' he st„biss Newton Conservative A.nei,Pi^n. ftr.dl W J Robin,„.

A Plant Breeding Establishment. Messrs Gartons of Newton and Warrington, have issued a very interesting and tastefully illustrated booklet in connection with their unique business o cross-fertilisation or "plant-breeding," AS mos people kpow, the experimental farm is situated a Newton, and the views in the booklet—which are all excellent examples of the photographer's art-- have been taken in and about this open-air establish- ment. Here we have presented in pictorial form some of the rich " stocks " Messrs Gartons have cultivated, tagether with illustrations of the various scientific operations in actual progress. The modus oAerandi, of the Garton system is really the marrying together, as it were, of any Variety of plant with another variety of the same species,and thus producing progeny or new breeds from the co- mingling of the plants. The experimenter claims to go even further than this upon the lines suc3ess- fully pursued by pioneer stock-breeders, and by what he terms composite breeding, to perfect any qualification in which the progeny was deficient. The principle of the crossing process is not new,but it is obvious from the results that no one has developed the same degree of proficiency in the engrossingly interesting but extremely intricate, and often disheartening work as Mr Garton has. As evidence of the tedious character of his Wk, it may be mentioned that it was only a few years ago , that the fruits of his. twenty years of arduous labours attained sufficiently defined results to justify him in bringing them before the public. THEY WEAR WELL Is whit all customers lay about AL F TAYLOR'S Rood boots for everybody, 45, Horse- market-street, Warrington.—AdVt.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES BRIDGE

COMPANY.

The fourth ordinary general meeting of the Widnes arid Runcorn Bridge Company was held at th offices of the Company, Liverpool, on Friday last. Mr li Seton-liarr M.P., presided in the unavoidable abie,ica of Sir John TBrunner Bart., M.P. The Chairman in meviog the adoption of the report and accounts apologised for Sir John Bivaneee absence, and stated that the accounts which were of a simple character, showed that only about 25 ptr cent, of the capital had so far bean expended. The report of the engineers, Means. Webster and Wood, of July 31st, wiich was read by the Chairman, stated that the work on both side' of the river had been proceeding eatisfactorly, ail the foundation cylinders on the Widnes side bad been securely bedded to the solid rock,and had been erected as high as the top making up length. These cylinders were fitted with cement concrete within a foot of the top. The bottom lengths of the columns for the Widnes approach girders were nearly all laid, and would soon be ready to receive the steel superstructure. On the Runcorn side the foundation cylinders were all in position and more than one half of nem had been bedded on the solid rock,and were now being filled with concrete. The excavation for the two anchorages on the Runcorn side had been com- pleted, the anchor plates and linki ware being placed in position,and .the concrete filling was proceeding. The excavation for the anchorage on the Widnes side had been commenced and was row progressing satisfactorily. The masonry and concrete work for the retaining walls of the Runcorn approach, the sub-way and the approach to the wharf ware well adVancEd, the main abutments being up to stringer Course level and filled in behind. The cab! as were in course of construc- tion at the St. klelena Cable Cnnpacy's works, and several satisfactory tots of the material and the sockets were made last week at the Birkenhead Chain and Anchor Testing Works. A large portion of steel for the main structure had been rolled at various works in England and Scotland ; all of which had been carefully inspected and tested in most cases with very satisfactory results, all rejected material having been replaced with other bars and plates which had satisfactorily stood the epeci- fled tests. The building up of this material to form the towers and the main stiffening girders would shortly commence, the contractors having assured them that the work would he ready to erect as soon as the lowest parts were ready to receive them.

The Chairman said he saw no reason why the bridge should not be finished within the expected time,and that as regarded calls on the shares these would be made as the progress of work required. The resolution was seconded by Mr H Wade Deacon, CA., and unanimously carried. A resolution WAS then adopted on the meti an of the Chairman, seconded by Mr H Sutton TiMMiS, J.P., giv- ing the company power to hold the half-yearly meeting in Jimuary, and July or Auguat in each year. Mr Handley, in seconding a vote of thanks to the chairman stated that a friend of his who had visited Rouen had expressed himself delighted with the TrAlLS- orter Bridge at that place.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
The Decorations and Illuminations. The Town lull will be decorated with bunting and strearners,and there will be illuminations at the Museum and Police Buildings. Two tramcars will also be decor- ated and illuminated, 1,000 electric lights being utilized on each car. The decorating of the cars has been en- trusted to Mr Ralph Johnson. One of the illuminated cars will meet the Mayor at Latchford in the evening and conv.y him to the town. Both cars will run from Latchford to Sankey Bridges at special faros.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ICirappenhall,

At a meeting held in the school on Monday the ques- tion of fur:her celebrating the Coronation was discussed As previously stated in these columns, though the Coronation did not take place on the date first fixed, 26th June, the vtllage arrangements were carried out on that date and proved very successful, When accounts were settled a balance of nearly twenty pounds was left. At an earlier meeting it was decided, if there was a balance, to erect sorne lasting memorial of the Corona- tion. Different opinions were now expressed some being that another ctlebration should take place on Saturday, others that there should be a treat to the school children, while a third view was that the original idea ought to be adhered to. Finally the latter was agreed on and, beyond service in the church,the Corona- tion of King Edward VII, will not be marked by public rejoicings at Grappenhall. • Penketh.

I The Coronation festivities will not be of a very elabor- ate description in thevillage, as the greater part of the official programme was carried out on the 28:h June. The Penketh Tanning Company's works will be running as usual, until 12 30, the men having elected to play last Monday instead of Saturdar. On the other hand, Messrs Tomlinson and Hey WOOCI'A works will close on Friday night until the following Thurs- day. As a large number of the Tanning Com- pany's empll)6l belong lo the Druids Society, the Peciketh United Lodge will not be very fully repre- sented in the Friendly Societies procession at Warring- ton. The proceedings in the evening will consist of a bonfire on the Recreation Ground, torchlight procession, fireworks, and • fire' balloons. The Penketh Tannery Sand have kindly promised to attend and play, and the National Anthem will be sung by the assembly. The postponed celebratiens of the Great Sankey parish will be held to-day, when the presentation of Coronation cups, S.:l, will take place. Tile cups are vary pretty,and have a view of the Parish Cnurch neatly engraved, ad the name of the Vicar and Wardens. Trio gathering place will be the field adjoining the Vicarav, and Apoita and other items of amusement will fill the afternoon.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
BANK HOLIDAY.

The Railway Traffic from Warrington.

'the August Bank Holiday is always largely taken advantage of for holiday-oaakin,, and lae,t week-end there was the usto,.l exodus from WarrioVeno to popular 'resorts. By the London and North-Weztorn Railway Compant 's system ahout 600 peop!e travelled to Black- pool. Thera were 700 bookings to Frodsharn, Chester, North VVales, arid Ireland. A large number journeyed to Morecambe, the Like District, the Yorkshire Coast, West of England, the South Coast and London. The traffic, to Scotland Wail, as usual, heavy, Glasgow and E iinborough being the princioal places visited. Toe Ceestiire Lines Committee booked ! about 3.000 passengers to Liverpool and New ' Brighton, 1,500 to Manchester and Bite Vue, 1,000 to Southport and 300 to Boughs and North Wales during' the week-end. Wretched weather prevailed during the greater part of Saturday, rain falling very heavily. There was an improvement on Sunday afternoon, but in the evening there was again a heavy downpour. Con- trary to expectations, and to the delight of holiday makers, the conditions on Monday were almost all that could be desired. The sun shone brilliantly, hut at the same time the heat was not oppressive. The chief attraction for these who remained in town was the athletic festival promoted by the Rugby Football Club, and there was a very large gate. Tne electric cars were well patronized and in the evening there were large "houses "at the places of amusement.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. E. W. T. RICHMOND AS A PARLIAMENTARY CANDIDATE.

Central Hackney Divisionl

Dariug last week. Mr X W T Richmond has been very active in this Division, where he is the pros pective Liberal candidate, having addressed three ward meetings,

On Tuesday evening, an encouraging meeting was held in the Board School, Hackney Ward, when Mr R W Hall presided. Mr Richmond pointed out the absurd anomaly which obtains in the practice of olecting Progressive representatii.es on the London County Council, and then s,nding Unprogressive and Conservative representstives to Parliament to undo and oppose the work of the Council,emphasiz- ing the fact of the great betrayal of London by its Tory members. explained his views in regard to Home Rule, the temperance question and Regis- tration Reform. A vote of confidence was unani- mously and enthusiastically passed. On Wedne4day eveuing he addressed the electors of Hackney Downs Ward in the Bodney-road Con- gregational Schoolroom. Mr George Chambers presided. Mr Richmond expressed his gratification on the result of the Leeds Election. Referring to the BducatiOn question, he strongly condemned the attempt to place the education question of the country in the hands of tbe clerical party, and en- couraged the electo.s to demand a full control of the school.' for which 10-11ths of the cost were pro- vided out of public funds.A resolution of confidence was unanimously passed. On Thursday evening a very successful meeting was held in Ringsland Ward, Councillor John Sheehan in the chair. Dealing with the Housing and Temperance questions, Mr Richmond described them as the vital problems of our industrial life and the keystone of our social fabric. Referring to the bread tax and education, he asked whether the battles of our forefathers were to be fought over again, whether new corn laws must be repealed, and religious intolerance and Church rates again resisted. A scheme for Old Age Pensions was not impossible, and it would be to the bast interests of the nation to provide for the old, age of industrious workers. Mr Richmond has been most cordially received and unanimously approved, and the indications are everywhere apparent of a strong desire and determination to obtain a real represen- tative of the people for the constituency. The Liberal Association are organising a large garden party to be held in the grounds of Mr Garland on the 22nd of aeptember.

Buckley-street P.S.A.—Open Meeting. The monthly open meeting of the above Society was held in the Methodist Free Church on Sunday, when there was a large gathering of members and friends. Mr W Smith occupied the chair, and the speaker was Mr W Spruce. The lesson was read by Mr J Fairhurst. Mr 0 Gough was heard to advantage in his rendering of the solo q " Will you meet me at the Fountain? "and "The road to light," 89 was Miss Fairhurst in "0, rest in the Lord." Mr A Trow accompanied on the organ.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
-0.- RUNCORN URBAN COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this authority was held on Thursday morning in the Council Chambr. Mr S Taylor, J P, presided and there were also present Messrs W Handley, D Bisbrown, M Sweetman, J H Salkeld, T Jones, E lmison, T Dean, J Wilson, G H Klrkham, S Walr,on, F Wiswall, F A Lake (law clerk), E Marshall (secretary) and J Wilding (sur- veyor.)

THE HEALTH OF RUNCORN. It was reported that for the month ot July there were 31 deaths and 49 births. GIFTS FROM SIR :TIEN T. BRUNNER. NEW CLASSES FOR MATHEMATICS AND ELEMENTARY

===== 0002601_19020808_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE.

The Technical Instruction Committee reported that the County Council has adgisei that toe grant to Ithe day schools will be £l6O as against £l5O for last year; also that -.!irJ 'V Brunner has given four scholarships for the next school year ; it recom- mended that two classes be established for the teaching of elementary mathematics and elemen- tary science, those students to be admitted free to such classes who attend the classes in Chemistry, building con,truction, machine construction, geometry, and carpentry and joinery ; It further recommended that Mr My-ton be appointed ihe teacher of eleuaeavary m‘ahecaaties and elementary science at a salary of £lO for each subject per session ; and th!ft the Chairman and Secretary of the Conaink tee be empowered to engage a teacher ot machine coastructim in the place or Mr Devlin, resigned,

Act Vii-Lon, in proposing tlio minutes, said there was a slight ine,ease in ttna grsnt, frona the County Council io the dav sehoo:s. •!.ir John Brunner, M.P., had again shown his interest in the Institute by renewing his scholarships. The recommenda- tion respecting the formation of elemeniary, mathe• ; rnstic nnl sciPnce cla,ses via, a l'.eparture. There had bc;en for son-+ time compl!iints from ti,e teachers and the la,pectors ha siudeuts were en; ering for science claes who had .no know:ege of science, and were deficient in mathematics. As those subjects were necessary to the understanding ri tse subjects some elements had to be taught during the time of the lessons anu mach valuas;e time wa= loqr. Now the inspectors , insisted upon the formation of the classes and ilia appointment was thus made compulsory. They wished, moreover, to tel in with the views of the inspector and the} hoped by the moth) ;Adopted to supply the lack and lay the foumation upon which 1 they would be able to build better than they ban hitherto done.

I.lr Wiswall 57.3cr00&.,.1. tlacn dered the step was one in the right diri?ction. ile cuit-i agreed with the remarks made by toe chairman of the enmmittef.. Th 9 great case ol ail.ire to paps the eximinatioawa the ladc of mathercatioal know- ledge.

The ininutt,s flP,re confirm•ld. TUB RUNCORN AND WIDNEB BRIDGE. Mr Handley read a reprt of the procee,!io;za to date in conuf.etlon with the bridgd which will 1.),-; found in an exttndeel form in another column.

TIER CORONATION. The Chairman maid that tie ha l b'en pcilren to with reference to the Council joining the benefit societies who were going to para.)e the town on Saturday in commemoration of the Corooation ot the King. lie would be pleasei t,) tee any of the [nembers who uouht join the orocession at the market square on Saturday afternoon at three o'clock,

This concluded the busioeli the meeting laAing only eight minute,.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
rHE SEWERAGE OF HALTON BROOK.

A Serious Difficulty

Halton Parochial Committee met on Tues,lay night under the presidency ot Mr Thomas Wright, and diacw,sel the qles4ia of the pohution Halton Brook.

Dr Adams submitted u special recort on the sub- ject pcioting ou tar. the brook vas polluted by the sewage from 3.1 houses p.n.l a tannery. He sug- gested that tilt sewage ah.;ul.l b t.eacea by mei.as of precipitation tanks and subsequent irrigation. A discussion ensued cluritui, which Dr Adams said if the committee applied for tanction for borrowing powers they would have to slic,w a scheme for the whole of the village whether it was eartisd into operation or not. He had considered the most effective and economical way of dealing with the subject and be believed it was the beat.

'lr Diggle, the surveyor to thts—lfur-alf:louncil,said the land stipulated for the purpose by the Local Government Board was one acre per 1,000 of the population. The presan- schema would require up- wards of two acres, dud the approximate c i.tt of he undertaking wonld be £l,OOO A schema pr - neec a few ye ago by him which was expecte I to involve £5OO was refused by the Local Govern- ' ment Board on the ground that the sewage wou'd ' run into the Ship Canal before being treated by pre- cipitation and irrigation. The Acting Clerk explained that they must show to the lfAcal Government Board a coronlete scheme to drain the portion of the village they intended dealing with. It was not eqsetarial to show' that they were sewering the entire village. Mr Barrow opposed the F.uggestion conteneing that the village was stationary and the rat,-able value so low that any trffort to meet the cost of the scheme would distress the poorer classes The Chairman replied that if the matter was delayed any longer the County Council won't' devise anlielaborate Scheme, and they would he compelled to meet the cost. They could borrow money for 30 years. It was decided to obtain a report upon the scheme from an engineer.

Major J Buekton. let Volunteer Battalion of the Prince of Wales' Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) has been granted the honorary rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. Major Bucliton joined the battalion as lieut. on April s:h 1882, and was ap- pointed Captain on April 25th, 1885. He received the rank of honorary major on May 26t1, 1897 and of major on July 4th, 1900.

A WARRINGTON DIVORL:E SUIT.

A Remarkable Case. Yesterday Albert Dyson Whitham, a wire-drawer residing at 35 Willis-street, Warrington, petitioned in the Divorce Court before Mr Justice Barnes for the dissolution of marriage on the grounds of his wife's misconduct with a man named James Monks. Mr Priestley (instructed:by Mr T S Steel,of War- rington) appeared for the petitioner and stated that the marriage took place on March the 10th, 1894, at St Clement's Church,Longsight,Sfanchester. Shortly after the marriage the parties resided in Dudley-street, Warrington. The wife soon began to neglect her household duties, and as a result of some words a deed of separation was effected petitionr paying his wife 128 a week. In Sep- tember 1895 petitioner took some steps to resume cohabitation, but failed. In July 1899 respondent took out a summons against her husband at Man- chester, where she was then residing, for desertion and maintenance. The husband at that time had just accepted a situation in Sheffield and as he did not want to risk losing his employment he did not defend the case. The consequence was that an order for 12s a week was made against him. In the following January respondent gave birth to a child. In February 1902, petitioner received an anony- mous letter, and as 'a consequence he and his solicitor, made enquiries in Manchester with the result that they found she was living with Monks the co-respondent at Bury-street, Gorton, and had had three children by him. The petitioner had since ascertained that during part of the time ha had been paying her alimony under the separation order made by the magistrates, his wife had beea living with Monks in Manchester, although he understood she was residing with her parents in York. This statement was borne out by the petitioner and Mrs Louisa Dixon who deposed to having attended Mrs Whitham on a confinement, and to baying seen her living with Monks as his wife. A decree nisi was granted.

===== 0002601_19020808_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL COMPANY, HALF- YEARLY MEETING.

Warrington Traders and the Company. Important Case Pending. Mr. J. K. By thell, chairman, in meving the adoption of the report which appears on our seventh page, saki he regretted to have to tell them that a very serious and important case was now pending. Several firms at Warrington, on their own behalf and on behalf of al4 trrders at Warrington, together with the Corporation that town, had issued a writ. The Company's (1835 Act of Parliament laid upon them very serious obliga ' tions in regard to Warrington. Be supposed it was- a compromise effected by the promoters in view of the opposition of the Warrington Corporation and traders. The most serioue obligation was to dredge a portion of the river Mersey in the borough of IVarrington —not the Strip Canal, but the river after it left the Canal about Latchford and proceeded its course to the sea. It was also agreed to allow vessels; of 150 tons btu-then to nags over the Ship Canal between Warrington and Eaetharn at the low toll of only 4J per to when not trading outs'ile the Mersey. and vess-ls of eimil4r capsc- ity were allowed to make the same jourmy at 81 a toa if trading beyond the river Mersey if going to sea. In 1896, after considerable discussion on various points with Warrinvton,a new agreement was made and sched- uled in the 1896 Act. In that agreement provisions were made as 0 what should be done in the way of dredging, if they bad notice of obstacles in the river,and that the toll in respect of vessels trading not beyond the Mersey should be reduced from 4J to 31 per ton, anrs that they should be allowed to carry 250 tone instead of 150 tens. They also agreed that vesse/s trading outside the Mersey arid going to or neming from the sea sheuldi have the toll reduced from 8J to 61, and that there should be no limit as to the quantity of cargo they might carry.

A BIG CLAM. The statement of claim that followed 'the ism of the writ allzgrAi that they bad never carried out their dredging obligations, arid that while they failed Co do Una the traders, they claimed, might use the Carysl free of charge, and that thr,v were entitled to recover all charges opaid since 1896 with damagcs for nm per- formance of contract. Tne Company ncterly denied all these allegation.; and repodiated the claim. (Appltusr.) They had honestly ,nd vigorously carried out their ob- ligations, and they hoped they would be able to con- vince the court that they had done so. As an indioa- tion of that he would tell them that since 1895 they laNd expeadecl upwards o'f £45,000 in deepening the river, and that since then they had annually epect from five to six thousand pounds in the effort to main- tain the depth. That was a very considerable slice cut of toe sum nf £40,000 spent eae't ,ear no dredging. VIGORITS DEFENCE TO BE OFFERED. He was atire they would agree with the direetnra that an artina 'leo that had Co be vigorously defendcd to the very las% and it wouA I.e. (Apolause.)

Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joust War.k,se Co. at The Examtner General Printing Works.: Bewier street, and published, by them at the same place and also at The Examiner Office Victoria•road.Wws"• 32, George-street. Sr. HELENS and .3., MarKet-Eltrent asaraerowie. in the County of Lancaster and also at WO St• tinnoatt,in the County of Chester. Atreive2 8 1.901

===== 0002601_19020808_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - • '•

===== 0002601_19020808_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
. , . L D-STRB L WESIJNYAN ellUliCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 10TH. At 10.30 Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. At 6.30 Rev. C. H. HOCKEN. All welcome. Hymn book,' provided.

MUSIC IN THE PARK. THURSDAY EVENING NEXT, AT 7 O'CLOCK. MR. T. J DQIWN'S MILITARY BAND. WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL— TURAL SOCIETY'S DIAMOND JUBILidDi GREAT SHOW, SEPTEMBER 10TH AND 11TH, the NEW PERMANENT 5110 W YARD (22 acres) at '3EBINGTON (situate 3wo Miles from Birkenhead, and in Colie proximity to the Railway rtetion on the main line between Birkenhead and Chester) Us finest and most complete Show Yard in Great Britain, PRIZES EXCEEDING £2,500. offered for Pigs. Sheep, Cattle, Horsos, Pigeons. Poultry, u°lol, Cheese, Butter, Eggs. Honey. Grain. Roots, Plants. grunt,. Flowers, Vegetables. Machinery in Motion. Implements, &c. An Annual Subscription of One Guinea entitles " Mem- ,lll.- on election, to Two S,ason Tickets to the Show and 'fla Grand Stand, in addition to Two One-admission Tickets, !lee to enter Exhibits at reduced Fe, s ; or " Subscribers of . ,‘Jrle Guinea on election are entitled to Two Season Tickets to e Show and to the Grand Stand. In the Prize Schedules, which are now ready, Class 24 Should rend `• in or before 1899 " SNTRIES CLOSE POSITIVELY 23rd AUGUST (Post). ARTHUR H EDWARDSON, Saeretnry, .Telephone 236 B.head. 6 Harnilton-squaee, Birkenhead.

THE GRANDEST FETE IN GREAT BRITAIN. SHREWSBURY GREAT FLORAL FETE, WEDNESDAY & TRUEST) AY. August 20th & 21st, 1932. -- THE MOST MAGNIFICENT FLOWER SHOW EVER EN IN GREAT BRITAIN. Eaeh SE day the Unrivalled BANDS (by kind permission) of ILIA. ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (Brat.u), R.M. COLDSTREAM GUARDS, LIM ROYAL MARINES (Portsmouth), 1,1 PLAYING ALTERNATELY AND COMBINED. MAGNIFICENT PERFORMERS, playing all the ii Corona ion Music. 714-„, ---,, MOST SENSATIONAL, PERFORMANCES IN tk/ EUROPE DEDO, the most marvellous Wire Artiste in the World /I,IpIE GIFFORD, extraordinary Bicycle Leap, 70 feet. e EISITRN DAINEF SISTERS, greatest lady Acrobats in Europe. The HARTLEY Wonders, Champion B mot Jumpers. kIyet,ADRIAN TROUPE. on Cycle Track, 211 t. across. nEERTs GREAT TROUPE OF DOGS, direct from o Arnerica. 13,W & CONRAD. Comedy Gymnasts—The GARGANIS, voltaic Acrobats-13KOTHE11S LANG, extraordinary Enockabouts—SCOTT. the Ladder Kiug—SIDLLE. OLLO, on Trapeze '-PAIITTE and at Night, Georgeous Spectacle on High Wire. We GRAND BALLOON ASCENTS EACH DAY AND Itto, CAPTIVIT BALLOONS. by Spencer Brother,. SE LEAPING COMPETITION £lOO IN PRIZES, eGIROLL3 ILLUMINATIONS & FIRE tVORKS by Wilder VraPRCIAL EXCURSION TRAINS FROM Preston, Wigan iington, and all parts. ISSION t—Wednesday, One o'clock. 2s. 6d. ; after (347 Thursday, all day from Eleven, ONE SHILLING H. W. ADNITT, Hon. Secs. W W. NAUNTON, S nare. Shrewsbury.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, • PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS. 23 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OVER MvNEKvEE's). H. W. GRIFFIN. MANAGER.

GRAND FANCY DRESS PARADE AND CARNIVAL, IN AID OF :LIM WARRINGTON INFIRIIA. AND THE DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION, SATURDAY, AUGUST 23RD. NOTE THE DATE AND HELP THE INSTITUTIONS.

eOUNTY BoROUGh OF WARRINGTON, MAPKETS. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that, in conseqnence of •Zaturday, August 9th, being appointed a Bank Holiday, and t Public Holiday, the MARKETS will be OPEN TO-DAY, 4RIDAy. J LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk CORONMON OF THEIR, MAJESTIES KING EDWARD VII. AND QUEEN ALEXANDRA. PROCESSION oe FRIENDLY SOCIETIES AND OTHERS ON SATURDAY AUGUST 9th. 1902. 1,077 virtue of the powers given in thd behalf by the Towns Clauses Act. 1847 and by order of the Town Council, HEREBY ORDER AND DIRECT that in order to greet Accidents on the above occasion, the following ULATIONS be adopted, viz : (eis`° CART. Carriage, Tramcar, Lurry. or any Vehicle Pt lurries or other vehicles used in the Process( ma, and • Carte), and no horse (except horses taking part in the ,i;T3ssion) shall be allowed to remain in or travel along any ii a following streets between the Isom s of 9 a.rn and 12 30 tIX, viz :—Bridge-street. Buttermarket-street, Church-street field-street, Proghall-lane. Hors emarket-street, learn- tolt7ts !Jersey-street, Sankey-street, Tanners-lane,Vrinwick- .".nand Winwlck-street • °lcYcles and Tricycles " are included in the term Nehicle," and must not be RIDDEN through any of the ec-named streets during the hours specified. %tin! Person wilfully acting in contravention of the above lilp`r Will be liable to a Penalty not exceeding FORTY I),LLINGS. 4ted this 29th day of 7uly, 1902. J CHARLTON PARR. /ft Mayor. vibo„ •---The above Order shall cease to apply to any ot the am:la-named streets as soon as the procession in its proper has passed through any such street.

- r!fr. • •• ? ' Tore - C°UNTY OF IS o.n 40UGH = .. WARRINGTON. i 1001IONATION OF THEIR MAJESTIES KING EDWARD VII, AND QUEES !ALEXANDRA. STri AUGUST, 1902. THE FOLLOWING ARRANGEMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE PoR CELEBRATING THE CORONATION OP THEIR MAJESTIES, ON SATURDAY, 9TH AUGUST. A PUBLIC PROCESSION. oe upnaari part, lita which the Mayor, the members of the ikt4Ristrates, Friendly Societies end others win t A,..tting from the Town Hall at 10.30 a m. tle-jgentleman desirous of joining the prolession will attend at the Town Hall not later than 10 a.m. Net MUSRUM and THR InVir POLICE PREMISES be illuminated at night. • Tram Cars will also be de3orate 1 and illuminated and 441 tlln at special fares between Latchford and bankey üblic are invited to DROORtTI3 THEIR TRIMS 83 Qs „:i,llees and bunting. No streamers across the streets will 440v"),Ved tn the route of the procession lower than 23 feat e the roadway. OV • THURSDAY AUGUST 14TH, A TREAT TO THE AGED PEOPLE WILL BE GIVEN IN THE PARR HALL, LOkete for which may be obtained from the Committee of ▪ People's Treat. to 3. CHARLTON PARR, Mayor. /41 Hall, let August, 19C2. GOD SAVE THE KING. ki• rIttAT NORTHERN RAILWAY, (IRELAND. -- A WEEK IN IRELAND FOR L 2. A WEEK-END FOR RI. Ittcy DOING BOAT (SALOON), RAIL AND HOTEL ult L._ CHARGES. T OF TOURS. DAYS AND HOLIES OR DEPARTURE, APPLY ro 27. ImPEßlALWistisimYgitiZilatx-sTRRET, LivBRPOOI4

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Clam ARTIFICIAL TEETH. Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 40a.; Inlaid Platina, 30a, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM. A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and cinality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.: inlaid gold, 406. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Shousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WINLASSES, DRAPER, MoNDAYs, 11 tO 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTERDANCr. DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- Vann or our Celebrated 10s. 0.1. (to measure) MOUSER% Wonderfully good value. ILLGIIE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

_ ‘ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! Li Every workman should have on of HAGWE'S cele- brated 41. fid. serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BTROK-EITESET, Liverl3ool.

HAIR COMBINGS msde up 2/- per or, COVERLETTE 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE i. 5/6 FROM 3/6 Etca. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECE ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

I IN THE MATTER of the WILL of JO RN MADDEN late of Tunstall in the State of 1 I Victoria Australia but formerly of Avenue- road Camberwell in the said State Gardener deceased. ‘T'I OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN TO AGNES _Li MADDEN (who is supposed to have married a Sergeant of Police NAMED MeHtlat) a sister of the above- named deceased and named in his Will as a beneficiary and who was last heard of in Widnes County of Lancashire England about 1880 and if the said AGNES MADDEN be dead to her Widower (if any) and to her children (if any) or to her personal ri presentative that an action The Union Trustee Company of Australia Lirnit,cl v. Sherlock and another 1902 No. 315 Is now pending in the Supreme Court of the Slate of Victoria in the Commonwealth ot Australia and the follow- ing Inquiries have been directed . (1) DID AGNES MADDEN the legatee named in the Will of the above-named JOHN MADDEN deceased predecease the said deceased ? (2) IF the said AGNES MADDEN died after the date of the death of the said deceased who is the legal per- sonal representative of the said AGNES MADDEN ? AND that THURSDAY the SECOND day of OCTOBER 1932 at 11.39 o'clock in the forenoon at JUDGES CHAMBERS SUPREME COURT HOUSE WILLIAM- STREET MELBOURNE in the said State of Victoria is appointed for proceeding with the said enquiries. Stamp DATED the 30th day of June 1902. Chief Clerk oV•ibile SupremeNEIGHBOUR. Courto f Victoria. 51- (MUNSON & LONIE, Pratt s Buildings 60 cancelled. ( Queen-street Melbourne in the said State of Victoria Solicitors for the Plaintiff to whom all communications may be sent. 1

TLLIIMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Pao-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan titles to., copied and lithographed.—Baooga AND Baif, Law stationersll, Queen-street, Warrington.

WANTED, 20,000 Painters to BUY Iron Paint Cans, Paint Stainers, Knotting Bottles, Qalvanised Buckets, Chimney Tops, direct from our Works, at whole— sale lc rices. Large stock always on hand at M LOWS & SONS. Bakers' Utensil Manufacturers and Comp.ete Bake— house Outfitters, 24, Prescot-street, Liverpool.

TO BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS.—GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES.—Bun Tins, Troughs. Provers. Peels and Rods, Window Trays. Confectioners' Ovens. Chaffers, Blowers and Pipes, Sandwich BOXBP, Roll Tins. Oval Cob Tins, Pie Machines, Tea Urns, Moulds, Egg Whisking Machines, Scales, Gas Hot Plates, Bowls, Ice Cream Freezers, Trucks. Knives, Fancy Cake Stands, Slab Cake Tine, Raspberry Sandwich and Madeira Cake Tins, Sieves, Icing Tubes. Scone Wire Cutters, and every descrip- tion of new shapes of Tins and Bakehouse Utensils. LOWE & SOBS, Manufacturers of Bakers' l'ools and Utensils, and Complete Bakehowse Outfitters, 24, Prescot— street, Liverpool.

BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS AND MUSIC. -14- R. B. WADSWORTH respectfully informs —lli BANDSMEN and the public generally that he is AaliNT IN WARRINGTON FOR BESSON,GRAM. AND BOOSEY. Prices similar to those of the respective firms. All kinds of MUSICAL IN STRUVIINTS supplied on the very best terms (cash or instalments). Please write or can— t% SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

'LT G. DOWLING, • RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21, Ellesmere-rosd, Stockton Heath.

WHERE TO DRESS WELL AND CHEAP. NODLEMAN, MEIIARRY AND CLOTH AND SERGE WAREHOUSE. CLOTHS is. 2D. PER YARD 50 Is. DOUBLE WIDTH. ALL-WOOL GENTS AND BOYS SUITINGS,S4 IN. 2s. 6D. PER YARD. TROUSERINGS FROM is. Si'. PER YARD. CLOTHS ALL MAKES AND QUALITIES IN STOCK, FROM is. PER YARD. CLOTHS FOR COATS AND SKIRTS, ALL MAKES AND SHADES FROM is. PER YARD, ALL LININGS, CANVAS .10, KEPT IN STOCK. NODLEMAN, MEHARRY AND CO., 227 BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. (FIVE DOORS FP.031 CROWN-STREET.) OUR MR. MEHARRY IS LATE OF HARFORD AND CO., LIVERPOOL. Send for Patterns, post free. Business hours, 9to 8. (1 H ARLES WOLF'S ) GIEINEA. GOLD WEDDING RINGS. iDOZ SUPERIOS ELEC- T/to PLATED TEA-SPOONS Riven with e,ch ring. Engage- ment rings a pecEt 1 ty Waltham, Highland Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly done with the greatest skill and attention. CHARLES WOLF HOLESALE JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BOYS, AM I ANY USE TO You? STRAIGHT • I HAVE REALLY GONE ALr. OUT to make my 6s. ED., Is. 6D.. and TWELVE 808 BOOTS the FINEST Value in England. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE IS HEREBY given, that a GENERAL SESSION of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster will he holden at the County Sessions House, Islington, in Llvernool, on TUESDAY the 26th of August instant, at hall-past ten o'clock in the forenoon precisely. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions at the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all instruc- tions or indictments ard depositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at least before the said :if salon. HARCOURT E. CLARE, CLERIC or Tau PEACE. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston. 14t Almost 1902

LANGL ANDS' SAILINGS. mo GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW' Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Fri. Aug. Bth 130 p m Mon. Aug. 11th 2p in *8,25 pm Wed. Aug. 13th 6pm Fri. Aug. 15th 2pm *8.25 pm Mon. Aug. 18th 10 pin Wed. Aug. 20th 2pm*3.23 pm *?rains from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). ORDINARY FARES :—Cabin, Single, 11*.; Return (valid for two months). 16s 6d. Steerage. Single. s 63. SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS.—(VaIid for 10 days). Cabin, 14s. ; Steerage, Bs. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, to, RUMFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

fIHESBIRE COUNIT COUNCIL DAIRY SCHOLAR- -. 1 SHIPS. —The TECBNICAL INSTRUCTION COM- MITTEE flat s for competition a NUMBER OF SCHOLARSHIPS tenable for 10 weeks at the Dairy Insti- tute. Worleston, commencing on MONDAY, SEPTEM- BER 1A neat. Furtber p trticulars and application forms may be obtained flora RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary, Crewe.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. NOTICE 19. HEREBY GIVEN, that at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Chester Castle, in and for the County of Chester,on the 30% day of June, 1902, IT WAS ORDERED. pureuent to the provisions of the " Licensing Acts, 1872-1874," that the Meetings of the County Licensing Committees relative to the confirma- tion of New Licences be held as follows, viz : The Meet- ing of the Chester Licensing Committee on SATURDAY. the 4th day of October next, at Chester Castle, at 12 o'clock noon; and of the Knutsford Lireneing Committee at the Court House, Keutifurd. on MONDAY, the 6th day of October next, at Two o'clock in the afternoon. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY ALSO GIVEN, that the said Meetings on the 4th and 6th days of October respectively will he especially convened under the pro- vision in that behalf ceetained in the 32nd section of " The Licensing Ace, 1874," for the purpose of making (if deemed oecessarv) orders under that section with respect to towns and populous places. By the Court, REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the said County. Chester, sth August, 1902. Copire of the Regulations with restorer to the aforesaid Meetings and the transaction of bu.iness thereat, and of the Rules as to the Proceedings to be adopted for con- fitmation of New Licences, and the costs to be incurred in any such proceedings, and the persons by whom such costs are to be paid, can be obtained on application to the Clerk of the Peace.

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Red funnels & black Tops.) 6/6 DAY FXCURSIONS. 6/6 DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE. (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From Do tense Da11y......10-30 a m and 2p m Daily 9am and 4p m Fridays and Saturdays 1i0n...12-30 arm (run. night.) 5 pm & 12 30 night I Daily to 9'h l2-30 nicht 1 FRIDAY and SATURDAY (Coronation Day) Bth and 9th From• Liverpool, 12.30 a.m., 1.0.3) a in, 2 p.m. 5 p.m., and 12-30 night. From Douglas 9 a.m., and 4 p.m.. The " MYRESS QUEZN" is intended to sail from LivPrpool I'-30 a In and from Douglas 4 p in every week day. DAY EXCURSIONS—DaiIy. From Manchester—Fore Cabin and 3rd ...6s. 64. Saloon and 3,c1 ...Bs. 64. Liverpool......depart 10-30 ain Douglas depart Ipml Douglas...arrive about 2-15 pin L'pool arriva about 7-45 pm Day 'tickets are issued Friday midnight to return Saturday 4 p an and Saturday midnight steamers to Sunday midnight. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLA.SI —Daily, except Sundays. from Fleetwood tat 215 pm, Train from Warrinfiton at 11-4: a.m. Extra Steamer Saturday (torn Fleetwood, 13.30 noon. Journey can be broken at Blackpool. LIVERPOOL TO RAMsEY direct, Mondays, and Wedneadays 12 30 noon,Friday Bth 12-30 noon and Saturdays 9th 2 301P•m• FLEETWOOD TO RAINEY via Douglas.—Thursdays and Fridays. same times as FlPetwood to Douglas. Hall Caine's Little Man Island " and Sailing, free postage 1d) of Tours to Dublin, Belfast, and glascow. Ackets, etc, from Swan & Leach, Cook & non, Dean & Dawson. tourist agents. Passengers. their Luggage, Live Stock, and Goods con- veyed subject only to the conditions of carriage of the : Company, as exhibited in their offlees and on board their steamers. ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., Douglas THROUGH LAKE-LND TO 11111 i • ISLE OF MAN. - Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted BARROW to DOUGLAS-Bt2 15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-830 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington airs Preston at 10.55 a.m. Special cheap return fares from Warrington : - First class and Saloon 231 Ri) Trains run Third class and aloon 15s 6:1 alongside Third class and Wore Cabin lie 6d ) Steamers. SPISCIAL NOTICE.—CIRCUIAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood. or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Pares

LIVERPOOL & NORTH WALES.—REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS. (Sundays included), e.s. " St Tudno," dally„trom Prince's Landing Stage at 10.45 am. for Llandudno. Beaurnaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge. due back about? 30 pm. Low fares. INCREASED WEEK-END SAILINGS. SATURDAYS.—Four 'lnnings to Llandudno, 100 am, (9th excepted) 11 0 am, 1 30 pm. and 3 p m. (9th excepted). To Mend i Straits 110 am, and 130 pm. 9th August (Coronation Day) extra sailing at 915 a.m, by bt. /Myles for Llandudno thence round the Island of Anglesey, due hack 80 pm. SUNDAYB.—Three Settings to Llandudno and Menai Straits, 10 40 am, 11 10 m, and 230 p m. Early Boat from North Wales on Mondays, due Liverpool at 10.45 a in returning at 2.30 p in to above places. For fares and all further particulars apnly to the Liverpool Cud North Wales Steamship Company. Limited,T. G BREW. Secretary, 4, Chapel Street, Liverpool.

LIVERPOOL AND DOUGLAS STEAMERS LIMITED. S aTTJED AY, JULY 5, to snpr. 1. From Liverpool every day at 10.45 a.m., and midnight (Sundays excepted). From Domilas every day at 9.30 a.m., and 4.5 P.o• (Sun- days excepted). RXTR& STEAMERS. From Liverpool every Saturday at 2.30 P.m, and mid- night. From Dou‘das every Sunday at midnight. IST ' URN. 2eD RETURN. RETURN. 3/6 Available to return any day during season. SEASON TICKET:4. 255. EACH. Tickets and handbills at Walker's. 53, Whitechapel, or arel, WVhicirervilaitPhießr.lack Banc' round tLoaisipn.od oit-Ltitheo. IDuonungel ss : _

_ MIGRATION TO CANADA. 1.2.4 by ALLAN ROYAL MAIL STRAIdERS, every Thurs- day. Frre grant lands; farm labourers and domestic servants In great demand; also openings for evitallsts. Pamplalets and full particulars free —Apply ALLAN OFFICRS, 19. James street, Liverpool. or 103, Learlenhall-street. Lonrlnn.

SPECIAL Se.LE OF HIGH-CLASS LINEN WOOS AT THE OLD IRISH LIEN SHOP. LATELY OCCUPP .1 BY HANNAH REID, 6, BRIDGE-STREET, WA.RRINGTON. NOW is the time to buy, as all, 'lied, old and tender goods have been removed, and re a ad avith tbe same makes, but guaranteed perfect, a ;reatly reduced in price. ALL GOODS HEMM e:D FREE.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD .sis BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S 'MD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLBY'S HOP BIM BM. WHBATLIIT'S aIIAGER BEER. To be had in OAS S or BOTTLRS from • B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICR ROAD, wttaraNaTon. Also Manufantn,er of 111EiR CLASS 11IIRMIAL WATER iry.re6 Bottles. Telephone No. 179. LTORRS. GWRN STRBET.

ROBERT I . OWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUOTIONEUR & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CA.gl3 ADTANCED ON GooDS DEDOSTTED YOU SA.LE. New and Srcond-band Fnrniture and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused,

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pubill. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canlatee 5d.. 10d., and le.' Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GBDDLIS AND BON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS aly,uld pay a visit to the AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. Largest Stook of NEW and SECOND-HAND CAMERAS, and Safestlac Instruments, &c in Mancheeter, Write for our 1902 Illustrated Catalogue (poet free). THE AMATEUR pfIOroGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD-STREET (ALL SAINTS), MANOHESTER,

JOSEPH WOODWARD. BUILDER AND CONTRATOR. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. jESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON' LIME PYOM THIS QUARRIES OP THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' .sIERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICI(RAHAW COAL). HELP OFFICin AND WEARY ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office: Marion Street. War:lncton

R. CLAMP A.,'Fn sTr. MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING- REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From Mi. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245, WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL ......... From 9s. EL 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGE ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FRONI WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30, NORTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

R. HOLLINGWORTH. AND CO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS. 69. ST. 7AMET-STREET, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA % EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. Ac. References .—Warrington Cemetery Church and Clasped Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams HOLLINGWORTH, Latchford."

TOBACCO, CIGAR S. CIuARETTES, SNUFFS. EXOR.S. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 68 Year.,

YOU CANNOT DO BETTER THAN BUY YOUR BUTTER, BACON, CHEESE AND EGGS AT ASHLEY'S THE NOTED SHOP FOR BEST VALUE. 61, sANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. THE TRADE SUPPLIED,

TII E DECORATORS' AND PAINTERS' igAGAZINR.—THR PRACTICAL ORGAN of the Trade. July number now ready. Fully illustrated, and containing among (Id her features : The decoration of a small house," by Walter J Pearce. Practical notes by a prac- tical man—The Foreman Fainter—Scene Painting—Graining ' and Marbling—Civic Armorials—Letters, Correspondence and Replies to Pshater's Queries. etc, Sample cony 6d. Annual subscription, ss. DALE, RElrstor.Ds & Co., 46, Cannon Street, London, H.Q.

BR WISE IN TIME AND FURNISH AT pITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (just past Station, thr nigh Railway Arch). ALS* AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, .te. \V"rAoTse'SllNcliAiedNbAy"REn: other ant awmheicwho, we stme re 71,1 aas sweet. Young and unsophisticated as she was, Juliet,never• theless,voiced a truism when she so expressed herself. despite this, there is s very considerable value, bo9d sent'. mental and financial in a good name, especially in these I keen competitive and not, we regret to say over scrupulous Vines. Nowadays a good name is more precious then rubies —ln fact, some firms would not part with thelr's for all the wealth in the world. A good name is not only a source of pride to its possessar, but a safeguard to the public. Take, for instance, the name of PITTS'S, which for many year, has been familiar in your months as a household word. This name in connection with an article hall-marks it as thoroughly reliable durable, tasteful, and the best value obtainable Everyone of experience is aware of this. hence the ever- increasing volume of nosiness lbwing to PITTS'S of LON BON-ROAD and GAYTHORN. PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNI- TIIIII3 at 15i, 22f, 281, 38i, 50, 75, 100, 203, up to 1,0:0 , guineas, are the embodiment of everything that is excell- ent and necessary for the embellishment of the home. They are incomparably superior In VALUE and appearance to others. They comprise articles of rarest beauty though thoroughly substantial, and can ha had for ABOUT HALF expensive City prices. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUlDE,containlng 700 artistic designs,priced post free. Cash quotations only. Easy payments ten per cent extra. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE, originally cost, we understand, about £5OO. PITTS'S price for the lot 200 guineas, or any article separately. It I Consists of TEN ROOMS, Hall, Stairs, Landings, artistically I and substantially equipped. The late owner being wealthy. did not need to consider expenses. Briefly, the Rooms are las follows —DRAWING ROOM, in Chippendale Mahogany and Rich Silk Tapestry ; DINING-ROOM, in Oak and Real Leather ; MORNING-ROOM ill Oriental Saddlebags ; KITCHEN, SCULLERY, FIVE BEDROOMS, one each Walnut. Mahogany. Satin Walnut, Ash, and Decorated. All requisite number of articles. including Bedsteads, (two of which massive, all brass), carpets (Axminster. Brusseln,Ste), rugs, mats, floor cloths, Ito., the whole forming an excep- tionally choice assemblage. DITT'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. PIM'S CARPETS AND FI4OOR COVERINGS..— Grand display. All British makes. Choicest designs, many of which exclusive: exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted free of charge. upars's RELIABLE CYCLES—Splendid Selec- tion of over a Dozen Different High Grade Makes, all fully guaranteed. Any tyre fitted. PITI"S TRUNKS, TRAVELLING BAGS, Basein- ettes. Mail Carts. Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware. Table Billiards. Bagatelle. PITTS'S POPULAR PlANOS.—Nlegnificent pie- play of NEW INSTRUMENTS by best makers, fully guaranteed. at Considerably Under Usual Prices. Also SECOND-HAND PIANOS in good condition. pITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURS!. TURlL—Hvery description of Bookcases. Secretaires Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about Half City prices. Inspection will verify. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LOND)N-IiOAD (Ardwick and Longsight Cars). GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone. 1,124.

A HINT FOR THE CORONATION. MANY A CROWN IS LOST BY INJUDICIOUS PURCHASING OF CLOTHING. THE M.O.D. TRADE ON ECONOMICAL LINES. ALTHOUGH THEY DO NOT PRETEND TO GIVE CROWNS AWAY, THEY DO ASSIST THE ECONOBILS r TO SAVE MONEY BY THEIR SYSTEM. EVERYTHING SOLD IS BASED ABSOLUTELY ON FIRST COST BOYS', "YOUTHS' AND MEN'S CLOTHING IN GREAT VARIETY FOR CORONATION YEAR. CALL AND INSPECT THEIR SPECIALITIES. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORSEMA.REET STREET, WA.RRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BO WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAM N BiAxBR AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suttahl- for Wedding enct Birthday Presents, School Prizes, to. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PllO rOGNAPEES for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (21' ALL TIED LELDINS MASERS) SOLID BILV.E'R, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 r CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Mot.ey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c.. to any amount at low rate. ot interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S . INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID I NEVER FADE TO BE HAD WHOLESALE rani r SAM N. GREEN MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON

HIGII-CLASS AND SUbunSSFDL 130ARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate : Splendid Walden Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High &boo!, Blundelleands.

VAIRHAVEN MGR SCLIOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracinpposition,seaside extensive accommodation fik,b-claes Modern Educatipn. Staff includes President BA Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams successes, Principal Miss

JjARROGATE.—TRINITT COLLEGE —Head Master, Mr J P HUGHES, asaisted by resident University wen and slaiting masters. Fine situation, modern applianceb, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath, gymnasium. Thorough preparation for professloaal and commercial pursuits. Next term September 18.

IVIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.CM., Professor of Musia,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prize, gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANZ Warrington.

DI OSIIISEATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WIthXHAM. .11: Principals Miss livans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnasium, great attention to music, sit, modern languages : resident gradu- ates and Other mistresses; recent successes in Loud. Metric Cambridge Locals and Assoc Board, R A M. R C Pd, in- clusive terms.

SOUTHPORT MODKRN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOY 3. HEADMASTER—J. C. UNDER WOOD. A.C.P F.R G.S. 37 SUCCESSES AT PUBLIC EXAMS., 'XMAS. 1901. LARGE RESIDENCE NOW BRING ERECTED FOR BOARDERS. SPECIAL ADVANTAGES to Boys entering In SEPTEMBER, when the new realdence will be open.

MANC li EFS T Ec4R4s. GRAMMAR 6(;HOOL. PER TERM. THE Nr.xr TERM BKGINS 21JitSDAY, SEPTEMBIift 16TH. Entrance lixmn;nation, Monday, September 15th. at 9 a.m. pfiosPEeltt.,, forms of applications, &c., may be had at the school. Tht boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes reepen on Wednesday September 17th. A class for ladies and teact. ere is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. 00X. RECEIVES.

w AnituN oTori GRAMMAR, SCHOOL; -- TBH NRXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY, bseIEMBRR 16TH. THE HEADMASTER WILL BH AT ROHE TO I &THE- VIEW PARENTS, ON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 15TH after 11 a.m. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, &C PREPARATORY FORM for Boys from 8 tu 12 years of age. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING. from NERVOUS and PUYSIOAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be sucmisf ally treated without stomach medication. The method Is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. 6ent, in a plain sealed envelop, free of charge. N. NORTON, 59 & 6) CHANCERY LANE, LONDON. Over yesrs' continuous suocess.

A Sauce for Every Vegetable . . is described in Brown & Poison's new booklet, "How to make Common Vegetables more Inviting." These Sauces add to the attrac- tiveness of every meal. They are easy to pre- pare, from the simple directions given, and the ingredients required are at hand in an ordinary household. Write to B. & P., Paisley, for a copy, enclosing a Id. stamp. Erown&Polcon s PATENT " Corn Flour is recommended for all Sauces. It is most pala- table, goes farthest, and is susceptible to the most delicate flavouring.

A Munich telegram states' that the engagement he tween Duke Siegfried of Bavaria and the Ar chduche2R Mtria Annuanziata of:Austria was:on Tuesday brokt n cei with the consent of both parties. .CAUTION.—How To TEST TEE PURITY OF COCOAS. treated with alkali and chemicals, such moots will have medicinal scent when the tin is opened. and It will be a darker colour when in liquor. CADBURY'S Cocoa has addition of any kind, sod is guaranteed absolutely pure.— Advt. (5). TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climates ;it is light, clean, cool. cmnfortAble. and . durable; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITE & WRIGHT • Surgical Instrument Makers, 93. Renshaw-street, opposite - op of Bold- street Liverpool.—A,t7t.

, , ..).. f i * `,41; .„. '' 1 :it tit ; ~., , 4.,. . L. . . . ~,. A :o Tl' ED ~•,OTHE.. ... \ FI •-. 6-, • . Ind •1, 'fort In ~•iitictir:• INSTANT RELIEF and refreshing sleep for Skin-tortured Babies and rest for Tired Mothers in warm baths with CUTICURA SOAP, and gentle anointings with CUTICURA OINTMENT, the great skin cure and . purest of emollients, to be followed in severe cases by mild doses of . CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS, to cool and cleanse the blood. This is the purest, sweetest, most speedy, permanent, and economical treat- ment for torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding; scaly, crusted, and pimply humours, eczemas, rashes, irritations, and itehings, with loss of hair, of infants and children, yet compounded. . . MILLIONS USE cuTicußA SOAP . Assisted by CUTICURA OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff; and the , . stopping of falling hair, for, softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and ehalings, in the form of baths :. . for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspira- tion, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, especially , mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No other , medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, .„ purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other . foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with . it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines , in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and complexion soap, the BEST toilet and BEST baby Soap in the world. , CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odourless, economical substitute for the cele- , brated liquid CUTICURA RESOLVENT, as well as for all other blood purifiers and humour .-. cures. Put up in screw-cap pocket vials, containing GO doses, price is. ltd. CVTICURA REMEUIES ore eold throughout the world. SOAIT Is., OINTMENT. Is. Cd., FoAs, is. 1-2 d.. or. the set, .. pestpaid. 4c 9d., by F. NE r7E mu( s.: Sogs, British Depot, 27-28_Charterhouse So., London. French Depot :5 line de is Beim. Peris. Bcf TEA DE'JG ANI) CIIEM. Cong., Sole Prop., Boston, U. S. A. "All about the Skin," free.

- The best is the , cheapest in the long run. Colman's Starch is hest Starch, pure Starch. See that &ill the Cotrnan's —lor/ ;Name and are ea A the licx. , ,t 9. • - • 1p6,,,„,,„H0 2%04 „ c:TfrAs '1

WARRINGTON V. WIDNEs.—At Arpley on Saturday War rington gained an easy victory over the Widnesians. Score :--- WIDNES. WARRINGTON. B Hampron, b Lynes 1 P B Hawtin, to H Callon 3 lil Jones b Bibby 9 J Gibbon net out 5l. J Parkinson to Lynes 0 Lynes to II Callon A Callon b Lynes J Jones b Lynes T Hughes lbw b Lynes 0 3 Briggs c PaHrtneon to H D Jones e 'lampoon b Callon 0 Lynes 4 3 Hal am to H Callon l7 Dr Edwards lbw to Bibby... 4 7 Thompson to H Callon 0 H Metcalf b Lynes 6 A Duckworth not out ... 24 A Gardner c Lynes to Bibby H Callon not out 2 Extras 3 Extras' lO Total 4O Total (6 wkt5)...115 BOWLING ANALYSIS. . WIDNES. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0 AI. R Tr LVIION 7*VD Bibby ll 1 18 2 H Callon.— ..... 15 2 76 5 T Hughes Dr Edwards CHFCHIRE Lwow ENGINEERS V. WARRINGTON CATHOLICS. —At Battersby•lane : CATHOLICS ENGINEERS. 7 Millar, cs Duckworth b Hackett b Millar 6 Monks 2 Monks c Carney b Bate... 7 Garry b Monks 5 Daekworth c Corney b Rigby b Duckworth L Millar b Dtiekwerth Rate b Duckworth Brookes h Monks . h Lawless run out Carney to Monks ... ......... 0 Barnes b Millar Mather b Duckworth 0 Bennett b Millar 3B Fagan e Deelev b Monks... 1 Healey b Cheadle Tomlinson to Monk, 0 Smith to Cheadle...—. ..... 10 Cheadle not out 0 H Brown b Cheadle Dutton not out Extras Total PENEETH v 3400 RE AND HAREEM:MT.—This match was played at Penketh on Saturday. Score : MOORE AND DAREsBURY. PENKETH. B If Woods st Forster to J RaY o Smith b Forster 0 Hobson T Forster to Shoobridge 8 P Burnt:All run out .... ..... 4 Rev B 14 B. May to Shoo- H Singleton c Forster to bridge V Woods Rev F Cllfton-Smith not J Dodds sets rub out out John Knight to Shoobridge 1 T Shoobridge b Forster 0 S Taylor b Hobson 27 R Houghton b Woods o G Wright not out Forster A Boardman b Woods H Ambler not out 0 Extras . l7 Extras ll Total (for 5 wkts)loB Total 28 LATCHFORD BAPTIST V. MOSS BARK WESLEYANS.—PIifed ,at Widnes. The borne team batted first, and were dismissed for:32, Conway bowling splendidly. The visitors did very ' well with the bat, scoring 109 for nine wickets. Score : LLTCHFORD. MOSS BANK . A Allinson b Gough 3B J Pilling c and b Cliffs... 5 I 7 Hunt c Calland to Gough 6 W Ogburn to Conway 6 17 Callan a Gough b Callanl 6 H Renshaw b Cliffe J Lester b Calland OjNewall ii Tilley b Calland 4 S Gough b Hunt 5 6 Alblason b Ca11and......... 18 J Calland b Conway 4 G Maald b Callan(' 8 H Tilly to Conway 0 3 1 Wilkinson b Calland ... 0 S Morris b Hunt 11 Cliffe not out 1 J MeKlvett b Conway... 1 E Chorley b MeKivett 0 W Moulds run out 2 R Barber not out o Extras 6 Ex.ras 4 Total 169 Total ... ...... ... 32 GRLPPENHILL v AtißTon HarES.—At Gmppenball on Bank Holiday. resulting in a win for the visitors, after a good game by 18 runs. Score :- Ist lbw. ASHTON. 2nd Inns. Monnfield lbw b Warburton kt Gannon b Warburton - 2 at Biwards to Jas Burrows ....... ;hyena e Kaye b Warburton 2 to Warburton 1 Colt-Williarnß b Warburton 3 e and to Warburton 0 Nixon to Warburton Gleave c Kaye b Warburton burton 7 W Damon c 0 wenl to Warburton 13 b Warburton l3 Shallcross b Warburton Waring b W Watson ... I c las Burrovvs b Watson Wade to Warburton 0 o and b Watson 0 Schoneld nOlOOl 5 not out Carter to Watson 2 b Watson o Estate 0 Extras lO - 1 . Total • GRAPPENHALL. Warburton lbw to Schofield . field 3as Burrows c Haycraft b Seho- c Mounfield to . field 9 Schofield 0 Pearson b Schofield Owen b Mouafield ........... .......... 5 bEchofield 4 Banks b Scnofield field Watson to Schofield Jno Burrows to Hour:field Allis b Mounfield .................. ..... 3 lbw b Schofield Hobin b Mounfield 'lod Ellison to Schofield 6 a Mounfield to S ho- fieldEd wards to Schofield 4 Lister-Kaye not out ....... ........... 5 c Gleave b Shall- cross , Extras 3 Extras . 10 Total 42 Total ..... 59 EARLESToWN V. Sr HELENS EEC9.—Played at liarlestown =Saturday, Score 1— EABLESTOwN. ST HELENS REC. T Marsh a Walker 6 Shaw 1 Gregory a Emmett as Bates 13 G Husband b Kerr 4B It Harper eklderson bßates 4 Miller b Gregory W H Crowther a Parry b 3 B Walker e Hobinson is I Kerr - JO Alderson It A Robinson to Gregory 7 3 Crawley not out 73 W Rylance a Kerr b J Crossley b Husband to 1 Gregory ... ............. .... 0 Bates JII Alderson e Harper b T Ainge c Greenall b Bites 0 Kerr a H Kerr a Husband to Alder- OW Emmett b Kerr 3 son R Bates to Kerr 9 0 Parry a Miller b Morse... I W Morse not out G Greenall b Kerr .. ..... , Extras 8 Extras _ 1 , Total... ...... ... 94 Total 142 ffillAßLEgyows 2ND v ST. HELENS RECS.—Played at SS Helens on Saturday. Score IT. HELENS REM EARLESTOWN 2ND. T Marsh c and b Harrison— 14 T Bartley lbw to Parr 1 H Burrell a Birtley b F 7 Iteade c and b Starkie 26 Burrell W starkie b Clare J Parr b Harrison ... ....... .. 5 T Clare run out P Parr to Harrison J. Addison c Goslin to Clare 10 J Smith c Burrell b I Bennett to Clare 3 Downes 0 Gratin to T A Limo= e Parr to Llmond 43 &arida l9 4 Fairoletigh o Bartley to F Valentine c Hayes b Dimond Proudfoot not out 5 E Goslin. - D Owen. W o Eaves b Limend 0 Harrison did not bat Extras ' 2 Extras 5 , Total l4O Total 153

i g ' • toff elogirik . A::-= \--.•-.. - t -As% - '''-„,4•,'-??.- J- .. .--uLLsp- Ion)# cOARArti '740 .-.16:- ~,,.,ekt._ - • * i:' - ---r • "-:,.--„ii n - . .. -• ',. . .t../ ~ 1 Ift -.‘,-...fi A... c.: --: * ---tlk:' •!. , -..i,r4:-.7;i:' ' i• ; ,:,....6„:„ ,;, ~,. J ',:r 50 -.-- ''' t • 4t tYACHT ,' \ Z-'-' '-'l-fitAiiFft2N •'' -,-- - , ' -- • , - LAWN ‘ - Ai - ,- ----;--r.••• ----' _-J -, —ll GOffir_SfAßT _. is'—...„: ..,-.••••- _.

NEwToxmx-WiLLows v RSINHILL.—PIayed at Newton on Saturday. bcore : RAINHILL. NEWTON. W H Owen b Cooke 0 W Tinton lbw b Longton 30 T 11 Tomlinson b Rylance 3 S Henderson b Cook lB Dr Hindley c Mitchell b /1 Carson b Cook l4 Cooke lB T Butler e Cook b Hall ... 5 E A Bryant b Rylance l5 H Rylance net out 6B H A Bromilow lbw b T Cook cs Hewitt b Rylance 34 Bromi!ow W L Hewitt lbw b Cooke... 4 T Williams c Hewitt b J Holden a Cook b Rylance 6 BromHow W H Longton b Rylance ... 17 C W Hindley did not bat GM Bushby not out 6 T Dudgeon did not, bat Cot c Williams b Rylance 5 T Mitohell not out .. .. ... 5 if Hall o Cooke b C W liff If Hindley cad not bat Hindle", 1 . Extras l3 Extras _ Total 4122 Tot.l for (6 wkts) 144 MCCORgnonaLies NEWTON v MCCOVQIIOD/Lit'S LONDON.— Played on tdonday at Newton. boor° : ISA CoagiroDALlS NEWTON: H Hindley not out 56 0 Hindley c Farnell b Smith 3B ' T Cooke b Copper 54 • T Dudgeon not out l9 Extras 7 Innings declared Total for 2 wkta 174 MC CORgOODALE'd LONDON. IST INNINGS. 2ND INNING s. G Thompson b C Hindley 18 Thompson b C Hindley... 2 I` Gunbridge b H Hindley 6 Reeve b Cooke 0 T Cooper b H Hind/e/ A Reynolds b Cooke 0 Hopwood b Cooke R Reeve not out C Culcross run out 2 0 Hopwood b Cooke E Archibald cII Hindley b 0 o:Vero's b Cooke. 0 Hindley W Smith b C Hindley W Faruell b C Hindley 6 W Parnell a Hindley b B Hamilton b T Cooke 4 Cooke J Hamilton not out Extras . 1 Extras 3 Total 74 Total Newton thus became the holders of the cup for this year.

BOWLING. ---- WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATVES v. THE SENIORS. This match was played on Saturday, on the Orford- lane green. After some very exciting games the Juniors won. by 53 points. bcore : S. D. S. D. SENIOR TEAM. JUNIOR TEAM. .1 P Taylor 7l T Divies lll , z 'J! Perko A Scott .7 Leigh G Rotherham D Bawling II J J. Daniels J Genders SWoods ............. ........ 11 i ''' 7 Payton 8 C 5 tr Davies A Siddall J Thornton . 8 Caldwell ll5 T Clayton T Turner P Bichardson G Watkins 0 1 2 A Bate ll 113 H Booth ll 5 W Daintith 2 3 Gibson ll li% 9 Jenks IOU2 J Warburton J. Hosketh 81. H Newton , 11 : IV nil, l2) '• J Coyne ll 13 11 P Turner F Turner lll 3 Bradshaw VS J Wilson lO 1 6 J ondlow H Hughes 20892 215 133 92 138 303 . Warrington Junior Club 353 Warrington Senior Club 333 Majority for Juniors NEWTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCIATION. NEWTON V. NONTH ASNTON —Played OE 8 *CLUJ ay hat AT NEWTON NEWTON. NORTH ARE MI. RIP.. Gslloway H Lennon A Lennon TLennon ....... ........ . ...... .. 11 T Houghton J Rimmor ........ ............... 23 J M dyneux .7 W Crouchlay 2l 7 Wallaby J , nsworth ... ............ ...... 17 T Cartwright 2l H Holdgate vs 21 I Taylor lB _ 140 148 AT ASHTON. NEWTJZIT. NORTEI •ISKTON. J Bedworth J Holdoroft J Aitken ... 2l 71 Hardman H Holderoft l4 a Davies 21 , I Bennett l3 T Shaw 2l 1W H Davies 0 McCormick H Hill 4 P Lowe I -- - 97 160 Majority for north Ashton 71 —......._ rhe Electric Express. Practically the whole of the plans to be served on the owners along the line of route of the new Man- chester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway, along with notices to treat, have been completed. and it may be expected that shortly a start will be made with the lino.

SCAR BOROUGH.—Ited Lea Boarding House, Prince or Wales Terrace and Granville B9arding House.Bsplanade; best positions with full sea view ; elamric light through out.—Apply Miss R/DLEY.

DOUGLAS— EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE, Castle Mona Central Promenade, close to places of amusement at,d bathing grounds ; trams pass door ; terms 5s 6d to Es per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

LONDON.—TAY HOTEL, 154 Euston-road Three minutes from King's Cross, St Pancras and Ruston liailway Stations • bed and attendance is 6d ; private sitting-room 58 6d perday ; highly recommended.—A C RODNEY Propr.

J) TIOUHLA.S.—BALMORAL, Queen's Promenade. cent sea view; trams pass door; full toard from b e 64 per day, apartments from 2s. Special terms for private suites of rooms on application. F H MCPHAIL, Proprietor.

DlNBURGll.—Roblnson's popular Temperance Hotels, 4.1 31, Lothian-road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place. both near the famous Princees-at. llach Hotel under go-ahead Rochdale management.—Address RoovteoN, to the Lothian-rOad Hotel; and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 7, BOSTON EQUAIIII. HOME COMIPORTS, CLEANWESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

GOOD FREE FISHING in river and loch Salmon, Sea. trout, Trout, Pike and Perch.—BOAßD-RESIDENCE, CanTßEPLE,Lochmaben, N.B.Visitors in Mies RuTrIERFoRn's Establishment have the privilege of fishing five miles of the Annan.

ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of ths cheapest and most Comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from Is. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORTH WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON-SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea, Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery; water supply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments ; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent Oclf Links by the sea within mile. High—class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tariff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR BoTEL, GLASGOW.)

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CLD WARRINGTOX PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

QCARBORO.—Apartments facing North y.—PEA , K.' Blenheim Terrace. Boarders from bs per day. RHYL—Rome Apartments, minute from sea; term moderate.—Mrs ATKINSON. 20, Aquarium-street, SCT. ANNBS-01V-SBA.—Mrs EISTHAM (late of Douglas) Barbara Villas, St Annes-road Bast. Private apartments.

BLACKPOOL.—HOMR P 13051 HUMrS.—Cood beds; near Central Station and sea ; WADDINGTON, 54, Albert-road. 69, Coronation-street. A LDERLEY EDGE.—Mu. THORNILEY, Tea Rooms, Chorley Halt-lame. near Trafford Arms. Picnic Parties catered for. Accommodation for Cyclists.

DLACKPOOL. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanliness and good cooking, satisfaction guaranteed. Apply Mlea ,RICEARDBoN, 86 liornby Road, Blackpool.

MORECA3IBE.—HighIy recommended APARTMENTS promenade, specklitles, cleanliness, cooking, beds, terms moderate.—Smait A,ll. PRIESTLEY, Westleigh,Slarine Parade, fiandylands.

BLAOKPOOL.—COMFORTABLH ABAILIMBSTS, pleas- antly situated near Central Station and Sea. every convenience, Home Comforts.—Has. J. TomuNtiox. 59 Hornby }toad Blackpool.

WENSLEVUALE.—TO LET, FURNISHED HOUSE; four bed, one sitting roam, kitchen scullery ; bracing air, near the Pdoo,a, lishlng.-20r3 WEESTEU, Itappa Scarr Farm, Ayegarth, R.S.O.

IT am.—Mrs. J. SCOWCROPT, late of Caldervale House, has removed to 2, rarnworth House, ,Hutchinson Square (off Broadway), Douglas. APAHTMANTS, with or without board ; terms moderate. Piano Late o; Farnworth. Cable trams direct from steamer to square.

BLACK POOL.—blias WARHUBST, Springfield House. 139, Talbot-road ; public and private SUTING-ROOMS, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view ; piano; opposite station. oliEcAmBH.--Pubile and Private APARTMENTS, INA with or without board ; close to Promenade and Pier, —Mrs INGilait, 63, bes View Parade, West End-road, W.E. Cycle acdommodation ; piano.

(QOUTHPONT, No• PRWASINADB.—TO BB LIU FURNISHAD for any period, having had busy men of many trades working a month, is now tit for a himily of distinotion.—Apply M. J., as above. ii Q ictiIIMICR,ADENB.B,W• B Public . 11 ohirrPrijvata EA Private, with Es thLwitahnodut Mrs A board all modern conveniences; sea view; cycle accommodation, superior piano. Nelson House, Seiton•road. DLACKPOOL, Central.—Mrs. JACKSON, 29, Chapel-street. 13 COMFORTABLH APAILTMEN7:B ; bed. attendance, 2s. ; with breakfast 3e. ; full board, 4s. 6d, ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation.

'J ARNE, CO-ANTRIM, IRRLAND.—RngIIsh visitore eateied for, Speciality . Comfortable apartments good cooking. 'terms 4e ed per day, 25s per week. Inquiries prompt reply.—Mue Jolts MCNEILL, Victoria place, T LANFAIR TALHAIARN.—APARTMENTS TO LET. Well-furnished villa situated above the village ; full view of vale ; good cooking every attendance; fishing. elegraph —Mrs livelvs,Bronlian,Llanfair talhaiarn,Abergeie

BLAORPOOL.—Mrs. BOARDMAN (formerly Miss klaugh- ton. of Swinton),Lynwood Nouse,,ll. Waterloo-avenue, south Shore, four doors from Promenade and near the Man- chester Hotel, Public and private Apartments. Sea view. Piano. Uood storage for cycles.

OL]) ESTABLISHED Orocery and PROVISION SHOP; taking £25 weekly : rent 75 6d clear ; in-going £7O; stock at vaivation.—Apply 46 REATHER-STREET, Oldham- road, Manchester.

ROMS-MADE TOFFEE SHOP suit family; good living, large prolics ; cash trade; one of busiest streets in Manchester. Only wants seeing —LUTENER, 76 Butler- treet, Oldham-road. Manchester.

OIX T U ABLISHBD NICEND RY ROCE AND PKOVI- SION BUSINESS; takings about £25, Horse Cart and stock £95. rent Ss 9d weekly, 111-bealtb cause ; EREET. 348, Eccles New-road. Waaste, Manchester,

170 R SALE, through bereavement,one of the beat COACU- 1. BUSINHISIIS near Manchester. In same hands over 30 years. The conveyances which comprise the fol- lowing are all in first-class condition, viz., Landaus, Broughams, Hansoms, Busses, &c. Can inspect books. Capital require.l £1..6()0. Principals only.—Address Cat Examiner Office, Warrington.

ft ORSECLOTHIN G. BEAMMONT BROTEIHRS, LIKITED, 26, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons. Travelling Rugs, &a. Home and export. 'Established 112.

HANDSOME ROWING 414, lift. 81n. long, bit. tlio. beam, teakwood, lying in North-east Brocklebank DOCIr —J. ROBERIS, 18, Lyon-street, Bootie.

MARKET-STREET, good SHOP with Housso. BRUME STREET, CORNER SHOP, until 25th March next, premier position. PENKETH.—Cottages 4$ Ocl., 3.. 911. and Is. 84. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply IitOBENT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' eington. Telephone—No 65.

-DEAD IDEAL HEALTH, by Dr A Bryce, M.D. ; Is net; 1.11, is lid post.—All booksellers or HERBERT TERRE AG SONS Iteddltoh.

CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINuId, every variety Champion //angers. Potato Peelers, Shop on Wheels 100 page List free—Ma/mars, Poland-street, Blanchester. IUALSE TEETH, Jewellery, Gold, Silver BOUGHT; utmost value given ; parcels by post, cash per return. --B. FIELD Co., Jewellers, 76. Market-street, Birkenhead.

PLCIURI3 POBTOARDS, highly art6tic. packet free up 3n receipt of stamp for wstage, supply limited. early application neceesary.—A. 8., Velox 'lyre Co., Parkside. Coventry.

LWEBBED VICTUALLERS! Buy Little Guide to LP:lens lug, ty a Chief Constable. The Licensing Laws in a nutshell. Invaluable. Post ls 2d.—BELL, Carlton-street, Nottinghana.

MARBLE TOP TABLES, Ice Cream Freezers, from 66d. All requisites for Confectioners, Grocers, ac. ; Cata- logues free.—Mensn, LTD., shop Fitters, 336, Old-street, Shoteditch. London.

TOIN OUR PIWORHSSIVR HILI.LTH OLUS.—Perfect V Health and strength guaranteed ; ending all expenses of Sickness. Particulars free.—S.T., 156, High-street, Har- lesden, London, N.W.

TILE-TOP TABLES and Stools, any colour tiles, our _.l Specialite ; very handsome presents ; sent on approval. Tables, 17s 6d; Stools, 71 6d.—HAMNELL AND UNDERWOOD, 8 City Garden-row, London. TROUSERS TO MEASURE.—AII wool, 7s 6d per pair, A_ carriage paid ; patterns and self measurement forms privately posted, post free.—DEPARTMENT 0.. Up-tO-DRIR Clothing Co., Kidderminster.

HOMR WORK by the quickest, simplest, and latest !ay. proved HatiRISON KNITTING MA.ONINRS ; highest wages earned. Lists from HARRISON isleciaxE, CO., LTD., 48, Uppir Brook-street, Manchester.

THIS IS GENUINE DON'T HESITATE SEND P.O. 2s 6d 1. for our Beautiful Large Brocade Silk Handkerchief, white or coloured ; satisfaction guaranleed.—Sna DEPOT, Stanley-street, Macclesfield.

NBTTING. LUTING.. ftabbit Nets, Bing Nets, Purse 1.1 Nets, sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. THOMAS Jomisores, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

GOIL Sporting People and Collectors. If there is anything you want from Paris, write me; no money required ; sealed letters Only; postage 2id .—Address R WAUGH, 14 Rue Chanoinesse, Paris (prance). IBDICiRSTION absolutely eure.4 by my wonderful Tonic Digestive Mixture. It never fails. Be cured as others have'been. Large bottles 2. 9d post free, from sole maker, T OAKES, 1 Bond-street, Weymouth.

ri[lo CYCLE AGENTS and others. Send for my list of frames and accessories and incandescent fittings, cheap- est in the trade, —Camkaax, 23, Margery Park, Forest Gate, Eseex. Same address 27 years. Name paper,

A STROLOCilt.—Your character, marriage partner des. .Cl. eribed ; business. health. changes, and chief events accurately told. Sencßblrth-dats le anct stamped envelope to I:Glenthotne•road, Roker, Sunderland.

TEIB PROPERTY GAZETTEER describes 2,382 towns and particulars of houses. etc , to be let and for sale throughout the Kingdom. 150 pages, post free 6d; Puntasann 1, Mitre Court, Pleet—street,

TeRMEHOLD LAND. £23 per acre. Wallop Wonstou and Otillbolton; picture,que and healthy villages In Hants ; plots £lB ; free deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars, Mr. BRAKE, Chilboltoa. Stockbridge. Hants.

COLLECTOR discontinuing has large selection of entire (used and unused. including many rare ones) to dispose of and will be glad to hear from philatelists requiring same, Want, lists filled as far as practicable.P.o Box 481 Mancheater. KILLED by SA.NFOILITS RAT POISON.--Ifarrners say it is the bast ever usel, rats found dead—Also pAson for dressing Stack for mice and poison for moles, boxes Is 2d, 2s 3d post free.—SANFORD EON, Sandy, SA Iby Chemists

IGHr, LIGHT. Llimr.—Our Incandement Mantles and AJ fittings are the best and cheapest in the market. Write or call for price lists. Special quotations to gasfitters and ironmongers —IP Jon:fa & 29 Old-street, London. n.c.

HEUMATISM.—AII kinds speedily Cured. Marvellous Discovery, which quickly expels the Poisonous Uric Acid from the blood.—Sufferere write immediately, BARING Gomm, Rheumatic Specialist, 53 btratforJ-road, Birming- ham. Advice free.

CORRUGATED SHEET 3, from 103 6d per cwt Wasters k, 9s 6d per cwt; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanised Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork ; Felts, 3s 9d per roll.--61IMMERRILL & Co., Beaver Works. Wolverhampton.

rimiu Simplicity "Sandal (Patented). Made With one or two buckles only. Automatic adjustment. Only measurement required outline of foot. Retail prices from 45 6d upwards. Agents required for every town.—DlLTox AND CO. Oberon Works, Cambridge.

13LANT LIFB.—Do yen want good crops ? If so, get a tin 1 of • Plant Life,' which is the up-to-date fertiliser. Mar- vellous results. For one month we will pay part postage and send large tin for Is post free, Bampies free. Write at once. —Tan UREaircer, Co, Chilccmpton, 13ath.

PARISIAN Female Pilules, absolutely infallible, speedy. -I- safe. liar superior to Steel, Pennyroyal, Aloes, tilers Flora, and all such remed'es. Price with directions, 2s Yd, post free ; free from observation —Sole ENGLISH DISTRIBUT- ING DEPOT, Sco`ebburn, Chemical Laboratory. Driflield.Hull.

TRDIGRSTION.-11111 lINDICAL RRFORSI ROOMY will send FRHE to all applicants an excellent BOTANIC CURB for Indigestion. Biliousness, Liver Complaints, Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis.—Address : The Secre- tary BOTANIC INSTITUTE, NOTTINGHAM:

EAL LACE.—MagniAcent Bertha, value 2 guineas, for L 28s 6d ; handsome collars, any shape, and rich ties, 14s 6d, 21s, 27s 61 each Absplutely wholesale prices. Boleros, Mantillas,Fichus, Insertions, Laces, Handkerchiefs ; great bargains. Cash immediately returned if JAMES, Direct Importer, Gedling, Nottingham,

CIHISA AND HARTHHNWAHH SHOONDS.—China Cups, ‘J Saucers. Bowls Plates,Jugs, etc , all in good decoration ; Is Id per dozen. Handsome ToHet, Dinner, Ten, Breakfast Sets in great variety. Hawkers' Large CheAp Crate, con- taining about 1,000 Articles, 42, 6d. Write for Lists. bee Beginners' Orate. with Free •.iea Sets.—ARTHUR J. HULL, King-street Pottery„LOngtoll. Staff 3. (Mention paper.)

Fro BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lana, with siding to the railway. bui Gable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. Ho3gING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

OOK HERB.—Do you want work or have you some spare time ? If so. we can teach you a trade by post, the tools for which will not cost above Is and the goods you make are bought by every shop in your town, If you wish to learn the above trade send stamped aeldressed envelope for reply and enclose is P. 0., and we will send you instrue- tidns by return —Collin. Contractors' Department,Central Drive, Blackpool.

HAY AND GRAIN SHEDS, STEEL AND IRON SHED 62 by 24 feet, 17ft to Haves, partly enclosed Price de livered and erected £95 cash, or three yearly payments £35. Shed same size lighter make, £B5 each, or three yearly pay- ments £3l. These sheds are fire-prow, storm-proof and practically indestructible. Save their cost in a few years. On the above deferred payments buyer will save greater part of cost of shed before making last payment and this is pro- bably one of the greatest boons ever offered to agricultu- rists. ISAAC DIXON AND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

SALE, ICH CREAM CANT AND UTN.CINILS.—AppIy, V JOSEPH BENNETT. 1, Duke-street, Leigh. Lancashire. __ _ - CROINIIIIL—Bykette or Dandy Hone for children, endless pleasure good tretining,frolli 3e oct.-JEANY,maker,Cromer

DUSPOTUAL—CURES DAD LEGS, External Cancer, Lupus, riles, am. Send no money until cured. Ask your Chemiat. or stamp to DAVIES & Co., 2, Kenilworth- road, Seacomue.

MON.rerinnivua.f.,olNucCiitaonOttiCpetidmireecrist. frgx: eaLm, for ram and all vernalu.—JollN LIAMLYN.2LI, nt. George's-street, B. eIOBTINENTAL I'HOTOW.CAeHS from Lite; iniforted direct ; very choice ; grand variety ; samples 61, Is & 2s 6d, post tree.—G CLARICE, 4, Kent Villas, Central-road, tiaminiate. Name pver.

_,_ARDEN NEITING. small mesh, 105 yards by 1 ard Wide, 35; by 2 yards wide, 6a; atd so on to auy width Carriage paid on all orders over 55.—From 11 JOAS6ON Garden Betting Works, Bye.

(-10 D LING, HADDOCKS, small Plaice and Dabs, Is fid V stone. Medium Piaice and Finney& 2s 6cl st, Oysters 43 6d 120, Headless Frying is stone; 'terms cash.-02.3.V.0n and Co, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

AChriTELIN ICOMIi may be made by those interested in the turf by following my guaranteed system.—Write enclosing stamped addressed envelope for full particulars to CAPTAIN BUTLER, se, upper Cliff-road, (3 orleston.

y 00K !-4,000 Pairs Bew MILITARY I:ll,UuMßtid sewn; _LJ very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for be 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—ll. J. GAESON, Government Contractor, Rye.

SVIRILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- meat. Au Illustrated Edition, by a late kienior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; post free 3s. 8d,— London : SHELLEY & CO., LTD, 38, Oracechurch-street.

BLACK COSTOMH SKIRLS, smartly strapped, warranted not to shrink or spot with rain ; best possible value; satisfaction guaranteed ; 7s 6d and Hs 6d carriage paid ; lengths 38,4 b, 42, 44 inches.—Bouranr, West Haddon,Rugby.

HOUSEBOATS on the River Ouse, the Cuse Lily and Sun- fhwer, Saloon, 8 bads, kitchen, promenade deck, with awning, glass, china, silver, linen, piano and punt with each boat, good fishing, further particulars apply to C GILL, 6outh-street, St Neots.

AN ALUMINIUM CARD CASE with your name engraved thereon and lto superfine ivory visiting cards with four lines printing, any style, for Zs 6d post free, ladies size and eight lines of printing, 3s 6d.—List free from FRA.NCI.3 RAFTEIEB, 89 Bennett's-road, Saltley, Birmingham.

How to make MONEY. Every Investor should write for above pamphlet, 'hewing how large profits may be made without hazardous risk or speculation and how, by successful investment, £l9 can return £2 106 weekly profit. Larger or smaller amounts in proportion.-11ICIIA.RD BARKER 11, Queen Victoria-street, M.O.

GIVEN AWAY.—Bankrupt Stock. To intro- duce our grand bargain 20s Drapery parcel worth 40s, we will during next two weeks send one for 154 cash, postal order. or 5s cash and 11 weekly payments of ls. Parcel contains pair magnificent Lace Curtains worth 10s 6 d dress lengths, blouse. valuable remnants, &C.—PREMIER TRADING SYNDICATE, 49, New-street, Ashford.

PARTRIDGES, Best quality, 9s 6d per 100; Farmers' 8s V 100 ; Bend for our catalogue of game,pigeon, and special wildfowl cartridges, free ; Best Hammer Gun made, Lb Be, shooting guaranteed ; guns repaired, re-bored, browned,etc., for the trade and sportsmen.—lxmAN Bros. Gun and Cart- ridge Manufacturers and Experts, sycamore-st., Cheffield.

JARMAN'S Chardonian Cabbage. The earliest and best cabbage grown, per packet 6d, per oz Is 6d. Testimonial just received June let, 1902, from Mr Chase. 'Overton " I sowed Chardonian July 18th planted out first week October, commenced cutting March 3rd, the earliest cabbage on record after forty years experience, it turns in quiclily solid white heart, very crisp eating, and most I n,portant, does not ran to seed. I had over 1000 heads and only 3 bad ones."—Jsmus and Co, Chard.

LATCHFORD, NBAR WARRINGTON. FREEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSISS AND BUILDING LAND. TO BE SOLD BY AtICTIO'N, BY ViESSRS. JOHA MAINWAILING & CO„ at the .11x Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket•street, Warrington. on Wednesday, the 20th day of August, 1902, at five o'clock in the evening prompt. subject to conditions of sale to be then read : Lop I.—Two Freehold DWELLING-HOUSES,with gardens theaetn, known as Bryn Fella Villas, situate near Lomb Brook, in Chester-road, Latchford Without,near Warrington, in the occupations of the representatives of the late Mr. Joseph Blinston and Mr George Mason. Contents 877 square yards or thereabouts. LOT 2.—A Plot of Freehold BUILDING LAND situate on the westerly side of Lot I, containing 1,500 square yards of land or thereabouts, and having a frontage to the highway of 92 feet or thereabouts. LOT 3.—A Plot of Freehold BUILDING LAND situate on the westerly side of Lot,,Z, containing 1,519 square yards of land or thereabouts. The property has a southerly aspect, end is only a few minutes' walk from Stockton Beath. Lots 2 and 3 form very desirable building site:. The right to maintain a line of pipes to the well on Lot 1, and to draw water from such well is reserved to a former owner. For further particulars and plans apply to Messrs William and Seger Gwen, architects aud surveyors, Warrington; the , Auctioneets, Bridge-street, Warrington or to T. J. RIDGWAY, Solicitor, 1 o-street, Warrington.

HALL AND CO., Bank Top Cycle Depot, Blackburn. Makers of TUE PILOT CYCLB fitted with rim brake, free wheel and latest improvements. Guaranteed two years. Price £5 19s 6d. Carriage paid.

rplui BRESTON OYCLN AND MOTOIL WORKS, 1. Scunthorpe, sell Cycles and Motor Cycles for Cash or liasy Payments, all work guaranteed ; Sole Manufacturers of the Motobike. Pull particulars mailed by return or repre- sentative would call.

L'REE—CYCLES CYCLuS I Marvellous Bargains _l' 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Accessories. Bargains in Eadie's and B.S.A. Machines. FREE to any address, the moat Interesting 50 page Catalogue In the trade. Second hand Cycles from 30s. 2,000 New Machines from £2 17s 61. Plated Ulnas, Rim Brake, Free-wheel Machines from £4 10s each. Every class of Machines in stock. Accessories Half: price -50 per cent, cheaper than others. Marvellous Bargains; Agents wante., ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 50 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested in the Cycle trade. This Catalogue PURR to aII.—WAREILOW & CO., Weston-super Mare.

THE 11NEST SELECUUN OF £lO 1(1s. CiUla. IN LIVERPOOL, INCLUDING " PRY:MIER GLORIA" AND BAYLISS-THOMAS, EXOELSIOR, FITTED WITH CLINCHER 011 DUNLOP TYRES, FREE WHEELS AND TWO RIM BRARLS. CASH OR Ga.IOILAL PAYMENTS. PRIOR FREE. SLADE AND CO., b 7, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

rr YRES ! L YRES ! I TYRES !! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPIN4 OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade ; lls 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 'ls each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & (Jo., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

LEA-FRANCIS, • ROYAL ENFIELD, TRIUMPH, SUNBEAM, Finest Selection extant. Spring frames, Cross frames, and Featherweight Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guluaa Machines (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free Cash or easy payments. Second- hand machines from £2 10s. HITCHINGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD Si', & 165, DUKE ST, LIVERPOOL, - - - - -

DR. Scorn PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND VI ND CURE FLA I CLENCH AND HEARTBURN, CUlth ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APE A TUNIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cl/RE LOS o OF APPETITE, CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF ME Br 00D, CURE LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNEsS.

SCOTT'S PILLS Are prep ired only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not be perduaded by anyone to buy any other ,stedlcine instead, but insist upon having the rigut thing, which wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

EVERYBODY GOES TO MILLER'S WHEN TiIEY REQUIRE MEDICIRES. SICK ROOM REQUISITES sk&D ToiLS32 ARTICLES, because they find the best stock and the best quality at prices below what is charged elsewhere for second rate articles. r)OCTORS SEND THEIR PATIENTS TO ' MILLER'S because they can rely upon THEIR PRESCRIPTIUNS BEINU ACCURATELY DIS- PJNSiSt wIIIS THE VERY BEST DRUUS OW TAINABLE. MO9HEBRYS FGIOND.TtOhe MILLER'SoBf EILLi'AFUASNErs FOODS and other things Baby requiries. THE PUBLIC COME TO MILLER'S because they know that every effort is made to meet their Individual wants and no trouble is too great so bug as the customer goes away satisfied. MILLER, CHEMIST, 77 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE Warrington and Jilt-Cheshire Examiner, pub ..L fished every Saturday morning. THE .Runcorn Examine-, publishedjFriday after- noon. lt is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widawe Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. 9-niE Bt. Helene Examiner, published every Friday 1. afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES Fo ILND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 JOHN WALKER AND CO.

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST Sth. 1902

PER IMPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISEI WHISKEY, ALSO AT • 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1)8, 2/-, 2/6. 3j-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, %vim] MBROI-lATTE3, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (1 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) -- ENRI CK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.' STYLE, FIT, AND REASONABLE CHARGER.

The Death Rate. According to the Registrar General's official re- turns the following table shows the rate of mortality in Warrington and other Lancashire and Yorkshire towns last week ! Death rate. Death rate. Stockport 170 Oldham .-.- 180 St Helens 120 Burnley 130 Wigan ....-....... 22'0 Blackourn ... 140 WARRINGTON. 90 Pre5t0n.......... 5 0 Bolton 14.0 Huddersfield.. 16.0 Bury 11.0 Ha1ifax........... 160 Nlanchester 170 Bradford ....- 140 Salford ....---- 14 0 Rochdale .-... 16.0 The average for the 76 great towns was 14 1 per 1,000. SHCOND-HAND LIYCLais both ladies and gents. GARLiND, Ironmonger, Bridge-st, Warringtoa.—Advt

ORIGIN OF THE "INTERVIEW.." , The clam that Mr W E Ftirster was the first public man ever interviewed in England draws an interaacing Letter from Mr E Legge in the tt Westminster Gazette." The method of procuring the views of public men wag practised =ay year before the date mentioned, MO. For erample, L-ord Chen Sir Garnett) Wolseley, on his return from the Ashanti campaign, good naturedly allowed the writer to " interview " him for the" Morning Poet," and on the following day Cllonel Fearing was equally considerate. The date was 1873 or 1874. Dia Carlos permitted Mr Legge to " interview " him in 1876 for the same journal. "To the best of my recollection," adds the corres- pondent," there was nothing p•rtieularly novel about the "interview "even in '73 or '74.

• THE LASH OF THE HECKLER. Mr Wagon has come under the lash of the heckler pretty freely in his tour among the Orcadians, and One or tw3 qaestious and answers may be quoted : Beater : As you advocate compulsory !Int purchase and the land for the people, will you vote in the house of Commons for the nst.onalisstion of the land ? Mr Was : I believe toe land is held bi the land- lords in trust for the people, and that if power were given for compulsory acquisition of land it would carry out the ancient law of the realm, which was that the State was really the owner of the land. HeAler : As you favour the nationalisation of the land, are you also favourable to the nationalisaticn of all tne capital of the csuntry ? Mr Wagon : No.

DARING ESCAPE bF DESPERATE CRIMINALS. The" Morning Leader's " Nt3W York correspondent r )rts that on Monday night sixteen desperate criminals marched out of the Penitentiary near Nastivillv. Jack The, an expert safe bowler, obtained dynamite from outside friends and blew a hole in the front wall. Gas Hyatt, a train robber of national repute, with a brace of revolvers held the guards at bay wnile fourteen of his and Doe's friends walked fob. Next morning Edward Carney, a famous confidence man, was killed by the Sheriff's posse. Two others were run down by bloodhounds and captured. Hyatt went to his sweetheart's home and took bet away with him.

LOVED Fin MORETHAN ...-1 CF f; • mosT J 4, THE #,:, ~.'s . 15 rlt'... 3 OFJOSEPH jr /I • 'RI ws -*,,,-. U KNOW, 7H E ALL HIS :1 T -c--. OTHER(nREN. i ~,,, i a'9l.' 74... --;"-r 'V- OF JACOB'S OLD Tnr rniriciV 5 OF Bil BLE STORIES AGE & ON Tl-115 A/c NE JuaLrm.)4SBROTHERS' ,// ROT i, IN A'Pr-___________„, - -%:7 7-- 1. WAs 0 It HERS OF A :-_------ uSEPII -re 1 14A go) THE 6.q /-Ifrr <--<" T 144...te°7 11 E • siiiAF a,; .. L VEPY ----_ 20 __:. xils_l' & ~. UPRIGHT 65 HAD, 44 4- , D ill YYY -----•Qui H WHICH A(tilk4' ---F ~, . / 8 4 . IN '''A , 1 ':.'l. yit E ToLD His WHILE 'THEY WERE acc.AN D , SHEAVES a ALL Di FIG StIEAVES 4.,, OBEISANCE , , AT ANOTH ER ........ 2ll. rite oFA r2_-:mo f. 7 simlLAtz Em3lAtv , , DREAM NVIOUS & EVEN HIS %.\,,.!,1,;•:1:.. ToLDTHEM , ABOUT THE v FATHER i,/,4 , <Th 2:/ ri 0 REBUKED iIIM I WERE SO VEXED WITH --v,x,--z• &V& Q 0 Y-OY . fvf D INN! E THESE RE /ALS 0 F ..,..,t1 . THESE DREAMS LVS JACOB'S r" F A., , ,v 1 , MADE HIS BRETHREN OTH ER z.?(-1- si"--- co - --ta2 Li ES rKOVII tS. • ,7. kik . - _-_- ._-- rav liCt-Dl° TFI EY , 2 v,...i, R D ~....i iL. ~All/3. •-.N.:. , "' • i I 1 ~ , . THEY 11AD , . .. ..„,•. , ‹..0 g. .. 0 -Nf-0` URE M • 4p .1, ..t, I 'A' 17- 0' PPOA NJRTNUNTY

WEEK'S HOLIDAY TAH E SEASIDE FOR NOTHING Are 3-ou going away for a holiday this year? If so, let us pay your expenses! Here is a way by which you can get A FIVE-POUND NOTE to pay for a week's holiday. See if you can read this Picture Story. It is quite easy to make out. HORNER'S. POCKET LIBRARY is giving away FOUR FIVE-POUND NOTES to those who can read this story and the continuation

WITHOUT A LICENCE, TOO I During the holidays in Manchester the Att Galleries have, as usual, been crowded with visitors, mostly country cousins from the rural districts of the cousty. The other dap an elderly couple stood gazing with admiratiou at the well-known picture, "Hawking in the Olden Time." " John," said the old lady, " what's that ? " *John tamed over the leaves of the catalogue. " They call it Hawking in the Olden Time,'" be said. aS" Hawking! -Wnat are they hawking ? " she in- quired. "I dunno." he replied ; "but I 'spect they're trying to sell them birds."

WRIT& T'S ,Protecta from Infectious Disettses. COAL TAR SOAP IS THE ORIGINAL c 3 ONLY GENUINE, 0 Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. anyiErTuAsTEmAN%T.:

TUE GREAT AUSTRALIAN REIIEDY VITADATIO INJURED BACK AND KIDNEYS, AND KIDNEY AFFECTION CURED. Dear Str,--Some two years ago I met with an accident to my back injuring my kidneys and affect. hag my liver. the.result of this being that my health was completely shattered,and although I was under medlcal trestment for some time I despaired of ever enjoying good health again; in fact I became very despondent and even prayed for death. My weak- ness was so great that it unfitted me for work, but I heard of Webber's wonderful medicine " VITADATO," and have taken six bottles, and It is with real pleasure that I Inform you that my health is completely restored, and I am Much stronger in body and able to do my/work with pleasure, and enjoy life, which was impossible before. "All thanks to Webber's VITADATIO." May many poor sufferers test and prove its value as a health restorer as I have done. Gratefully yours. MAE PERRY. 83 Lord-street, Stocirport. England, January 17th, 19:0. VITADATIO is a tonic Ind cleanses the blood so that disease cannot exist in the healthy system. Previous to my arrival in England VITADATIO had been sent here from Australia, and some cures were effected. Copies of all testimonials received he England up to date will be sent to any address free, or may be seen on application to the bead Office. VITADATIO can now be purcaased from all CHEMISTS, GROCERS, AND DEALERS IN MEDICINES throughou; Great Britain, at DEPUTED QUARTS, 45 6z,; DEPUTED PINTS, 2s 9D. DEAD OFFICES AND WAREHOUSE FOR GREAT BRITAIN : S. A. PALM ER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET (OcroslTE JOHN NOBLE LTD.). MANCHESTER.

vvIER FUTURE OF STONEIIENOE.—St a meeting of the ta County Council yesterday, Lord Edmond Fliz- j'ailtiCe, M P, made a significant staterremt with reaard Stonehenge. He said he had received a letter from r4t Edmund Antrobua inviting him to Amesbury to on itterView on the subject, and in his Lordship's opinion °Petted up a resonabie prospect of successful negotia- -18. He could not divulge all the contents of the otterbut he was at liberty to say that the statement to effect that Sir Edmund has asked £125,000 for 'tOnehenge was quite untrue. As a matter of tact that !elated to an entirely different matter. A notice on the !Rends, Paner with reference to Stonehenge was with- at Lord Edmond Fitzmaurice's suggestion. ASK ANYBODY who has tried Lioldroyd's Gravel Pills what they think of them. They're bound to say they are a positive cure for , Lumbago, Gravel, Pains la the Back. Wind, Dropsy, Gout Kidney Disease, &a. Try one box Is. 114 all Chemists, Post'free 12 stamps. Holdroyd'e Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, larks. (2). , FOR PILES, Itching, Blind or Bleeding. Nothing cure an magically as Dr Riehardeon'a remedy, rapid, reliable P tree ' relieving pain and bearing (lawn feeling. Post la 4d., from fiiB LaßOßATont,Raby-street, Mancheste "In the organism °( men as in that of the highest e thmaterials for the nutrition of every portion .f ..;:e structure are supplied' by the Blood. If the blood is eased the body is diseased "Clarke" World famed 'utood • ~ •is g uaranteed cure for Blood and Skin Mixture" '"iseas tree It is the most searching blood cleanser ever di,. viZered 'and will free the system from all impurities 1,!.9in whatever cause arising. For Scrofula,SCurYy. Eczema, Legs, pimples and Sores of all kiwis, its effects are "Ziirvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere a' 28 9d per Bottle. Beware of worthless im itationsand -nbstitute.—Adyt. 7. il'LoaiLusE THE •I'S'ETR AND BREAM- -Tboromatly ZrAnses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden gums, prevLots tartar, stops decay.ea hod gives to the . to "ha peculiar nrly whiteness and a delightful fragranto— the breath. Price 9a. Sd. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for 4141oriline ..,Powder." of all Chemists and Pert users. Atalanta DIVOYERY FOE TTIF rfAIR,—II vont* hair Is /ZZinIC grey or white Or faIIIMY. off use the MEXICAN HAIR WER, for it will positively rest)re. in every case, grey or "te hair to its original colour. It makes the hair cbarmine,v '''autifnl as we las promotinn. the growth. Price 3s od Der ,„, —ttle.— Ad et' ° VkattEßA.-1121. Whit low's Soothing•Syrun has been ''..?".ed for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their ';'lldren while teething, with perfect success, It will relieve roorsufterer immediately It is pleasant to taste ;and ;;;.,`ldoees natural nolet sleep, ny relieving the child from pain ‘O,,A the little cherub Ftwaßpn "As tright as a button." Of all "smuts la ltd pEir .mot. t..I3LARKB's B 41 FILLS are warranted to cure, in either sy'rt. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from I,l3°rY. Established upwards of 30 SPOTS. In boxes 4s. ed. of all Chemists And Patent Medicine Vendors through- it the world, or sent for sixty sterops by the rnalrern. The 1,401-11 and, Midland ;Comatica Drug Company

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. Bnglish and Forel= Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Itegildi-g a Speciality, Largest Stools o Mouldings in the ICingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOE. New Edition, thoroughly revised and eularge4 to 160 pages, JUST PUBLISHEO. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. , 102 porter cf Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application. I. MOROI. 11 aqd 18 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W . C " Warehouses 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, London."

THE BEST .. 00:1; POIEZ •• , r . Fs 1 ••,..„. i wf,„, 4„ ~ .1 , 4% i.:,.. OF ALL l''';'4 AZES. A 9 ..,---- ,>"/7-,- Manufactured by /;,t IN 4 l'-' I; D.•\• .4 - .4. . AS WORT &rviaapla- ._\.? I Chemists to the King, il ;IN; /1 N.' ‘)/j allgOlit '1 's NEW BOND STREET, LONDON. ," •:... —::‘,' 5;.;,,;;,t.—. -, 1, •:::":*7; -,,- " ~. ~., i k , _ In Tins, 1/-, 2/-, 5/-, 10/-, Everywhere. . . .

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHETJMATISM ' GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ONRIBOTTLEIOURBD 1 I IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS !GONE. - 52,INorthumberland-street,-street, Poplar. • . 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. - November 14th, 1901,, Sir' —I have ranch pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Slr,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not 1110,10 out of bed, cured me. I have not taken any for two years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when I was taken with it again in the arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and In recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely.' two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly BORSHT A. HARDIE. _ EADE'S GOUT PILLS * 13ADE'S GOUT PILLS Are, pert ectly sale in their action, eliminatelail injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, 'eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. S Soldlevery where in bottles, la lid. and 2s 9d.. or sentoldjeverywhere in Bottles, I. lid. and 28.-9 d., or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor. post free for stamps or P. 0. by the Proprietor GEORGE HALM 232, Goevrell-road,London. GEORGEIEADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. -- , 'EADE S GOUT ee RHEUMATIC PILLS

we are promised one or two new styles in coats later on. The newest things in fenders recalls the good cld nursery article, though it is not so high,and much more ornate and artistic. A very beautiful pattern carried out in copper, dm a centre in fine nettirg, with tall branches of lilies in the middle and on each side. A frieze of the lilies makes an effective top and the dad° upon which the fender rests, is in a very open flora! design. Crpper is coming more and more into favour for decorative purposes, frames, brackets, door plates, etc. ,all being turned out in this metal. Several parents have already named their daughters, born in the present summer " Corona " and probably there are others who contemplate doing the same thing Such parents should remember that in giving their daughters this name, they are, for the whole of their lives publishing their age to the world, which does not seem to be a very kind proceduie. MADGE.

A MOTHER'S DISTRESSING EXPERIENCE.—A d:stressing affair has been reported to Policc-Superinterdent Cameron at Barnard Castle. On Monday night Marc Kelly, the two-years-old daughter of Tames Kelly, 6P., alisbury-terrac?, Green Bank. Darlington, got on to the Bishop Auckland and Barnard Castle Railway, and was knocked down and decapitated by a passing tra.n. The child and her mother had been staying with her grandfather at Kitninvie Cottages, tli'se to the line, and hearing the whistle of the train, the mother went out, and saw the child's bead cut off and thrown down tho embankment.

SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES A llen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It cures painful. smarting, nervous feet, and Ingrowing nails, and in. • stantiv t,kes the sting out of corns and bunions. It's the gleatest comfort discovery ot the age. Allen's poot•ltaSe makes tight or new boots feel easy. It Is a errr..in cure for sweating, callous, swollen, hot, tired, aching feet. lry it le-d4r. Of all Cheinists and Stores Price Is 10, Aerrfrt ma substitute. Sent fast free far Tr... 1 Package FREE. AddreSs, Allen 6. Olmsted. •,,,Tnnton Row. London. W.C. PUMA STEEL liorLadies. Plus A FRENCH REMEDY EUPERIMIDING BITTER APPLE. PIL 000HIAO, tPBNNYROYAL, &c. Price 42.6 d. post free. Obtainable only irons MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

MERRY WE AT HER'S ....n5,,..,,, ' A c‘,„---- '-'-*---.. -. -`"*"; CLASS -GARDEN HOSE 65 LONQ ACRE,LPNOON. LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH 1 CLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD

I Is wonderful water proofer for %ales 9 BOOTS 8' lIMINEsS. Sof- tens and preserver the leather Ph-scant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHBSI /MAIMS. D 0 Ties ed., 6,2'., 1,- 5.2 6of Boot , r' r 4., •ir in Makers, Saol.Pers, Ironmongers 'ts., . Pir xi, &c. Mann! actory East Dulawit, London.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG, • • With Wounds that discharge or otherwtsff. surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you .press yeur finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if extracted, you never can recover. but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated, thesame with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, tvill deprive you of the power -to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and. had medical advice and b een told your case is hopelese, or advised to submit to amputation; but go not, for Ii ran cure you. I don't say perhaps. hut I wall. Because others have failed, tis no mason I shoifid. Send at. once a Postal 0 rderfOr 2s. 6d. to It. W. ALBERT, 7S; Parringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box Of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. attil Bunions. •IBegistereaCopyright.i

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED i LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACIIINERY, Over 450 Gold A Silver Medals and First Prize Awards. Now "Trurze" WASEIViIi MACHINE, SOIL OOILLPIeTe. "VOWEL" WASHING WRINGING, 1 "DIAPHRAGM" CHURNS. AND MANI:MING MACHINES. BUTTER WORKERS. LAUNDRIt REQUISITES. DAIRY Aerziesces. Liberal Cdsh Terms. Catalogues Post Free. • THOMAS BRADFORD & CO.. 140-142. High Holborn, London; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Mancbester ; Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

, • • • • .. 1411 ' how OS s 44' il W .c.f '• ` '4* • `'.., 4t. • ir Ai PILLS o CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

- IT RECOMMENDS ITSELS • MAPP,IN BROTHERS 1N.0.0.AT, CELEBRATED SHEFFIELD 61:AN D PLATE POWDER MAFI'IN BROTHERS, .N.oos,r D.4D.ANDBpo. OLISHINGPASTE MAPPIN BROTHERS 1145°°5AT KNIFE-POWDER MADE FROM R ECIPES WHtCH HAVE BEEN IN THE MAPPIN FAMiLYFOR UPWARDS/3F HALF A CENTURY. TO BE. HAD FROM-ALL STORES.OILM EN,DRUGGISTS&c&e,OR DIRECT FROMMAPPtN BROTH ERS.ciTYADDREss OU.QU.EEN VI CTO R I ASTREET, LONDON.'

n k t AR ok. , POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard!' NO EGGS! NO RISK NO TROUBLE:

symmgroN:ls COFFEE ESSENCE . /0411. VT '" fte ° co, rlft . • e 14= 711,, tmot I.l.suotot ' Pure Caro. Oandcion COM", Cello &Chicory A STIMULANT! A RESTORATIVE! A CORRECTIVEO Sir REFUSE ALL QTMERS. Ina

SHAW'S GIFT This handsome BLOUSE HIIRi In order to clear out temainder of a Bankrupt Stock of Costume Cloths, r 6 we 'viii send a Tailor-made Costume Skirt in Navy or Black, for the small sum of / 54,, or two for 9/6. /um 01:244 Carriage paid on all . w —.- ,'.., I, • . pods, and we ill Too for 9/0. include with each Skirt, Carriage paid free of all charge, a handsome Silkette Blouse, with a :9iff/ / daisaepiritpk,aeac,hearaagnbn,dilcaeewl eoeallner- ....„...„.....",.,,,,, ...7 . /,,171, log take as . , ; 4 k 'I/ ' voel;f. Latest Fashion. Paksicktisona.re cut tNII3 theA 2 g 7, ONCE, in order to secure this great 'z' g .i j 4 bargain, as after present stock is &fi / //// 'f/i exhausted this offer cannot be , , i '',. repeated. returned if not i '9l. • sativied. ADDRass 4 / r ry/y;, SHAW & Co., THE LONDON TAILOR T. . eFv..i. 6. L <we L are, Weed Street. lendor, EC.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND 110WLE, sPENPROY AL piLle & STEEL FOR FEMALES. QZUCKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND BELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1/1k 45: 2,9 (contains three tinuts the qunntity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt oi 15 01 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWli'742 Co., 66, Long Row„ NOTTBCCBIANI. o' frnittlioox, irtittriou3 anti trorthloA3,

Singe 1867 I have supplied the trade with GENUINE Etrattcstaror ENGLISH LIVER WATCHES, made in my own factory with the most up-to.date appliances, of the best material, by experienced workmen. To meet foreign competition I now intend to supply the public direct at first cost. I Will send anywhere, on approllsi,the 35/ famous Excelsior • HAND•DIADE ENGLISH LEVER, Rail-marked, solid Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance, Extra Jewelled. Price SW- cash. Warranted for Seven Years. With fair use will lot a lifetime. • A. E. 3fAltSTON,Wholesale Watch Manfactr., Queen Victoria Rd., Coventry.

ENGLISH WATCH ESAT WHOLESALE PRICES

FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' TABLE OF TIMES AND ROUTES: Point of Rendezvous and No. Name. Marshalls. Meeting Place. Route thereto.: I Ancient Order of Mr. John Riley, C.M. Friars Green Chapel, Cairo 9 Top of Winmarleigh Street 930 Rechabites „ B. Warburton Street. via St. Austin's Lane and Museum Street. 2 Ancient Order of „ Ashton, C.M. " Hop Pole" Inn, Horse- 9 Market Gate, via Horsemar- 930 Free Gard- „ Aspinall. market Street. ket Street. eners 3 The Order of „T. Eden. C.M. Opposite Medical Associa- 9 Top of Bold Street, via 900 Druids „ J. Wilcock. two, Palmyra Square. Palmyra Square. „ S. Packer, ' C. Bebbington 4 National 'Lade- „ J.J.Daniels C.M. Bath Street 9 Top of Legh Street, via Bath 940 pend e n t „ E.E. Pester. Street and Legh Street. Order o f „ Walter Daniels. Oddfellows „ Thomas Knight. 5Ma n c host or „JH Norbury, CM Bye-street between Bold 9 Top of Bold Street, via Bold 945 Unity Order „F. Barnes. Street Chapel and Street. o f 0d d - „J. Rigby. Queen's Gardens. fellows G Ancient Order of „W. Hipkiss, O.IVI. Market Place, near 9 Top of Corporation Street. 955 Forresters „ J. Bancroft. "Barley Mow" Inn. ~ W. Sudlow. „ H. James. „ B. Forman. „ J.J. Dennett. 7 Grand United „J. Green, C.M. Conservative Club, Win- 9 Top of Winmarleigh Street, 10 5 Order of „ John Hughes. marleigh Street. via Winmarleigh Street. Oddfellows 8 Ancient Order of „L. Weir, C.M. Open space opposite St. 9 Top of Legh Street, via 10 5 Shepherds „ William Hall. Paul's Church. Bewsey Road, B e w s e y „ T.C. Duckworth Street, Edgeworth Street „ P. Edgar. and Legh Street. 9 Butchers' Sod. „H. Burrows, C.M. Corporation Inn, Market 9 Top of Bold Street, via Cor- 10 10 ety (Mounted Place. poration Street, Sankey Men). Street, Cairo Street, and Egypt Street. To be call- ed from point of rendez- vous and taken to the Recreation Ground by the West Gate of that ground.

DIARRIREI. DIA KRIREA. DIARRH (EA. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CIILORODYNE Li USED BY ALL TRAVELLERS THE WIDE WORLD OVER, No one visits the tropics .yithou taking with hitt' a supply of Dr. BROWNE'S. CELE- BRATRO REHEDY. When the tropics visit us let us be equally urepared• BUY A BOTTLE NOW AND BR SURE YOU GET THE GENUINE. It may pay Or retailer to supply a substitute, but it won't pay you to take It. . D. J. COLLIS BROW .E'S CHLORODYNE IS WHAT YOU WANT WHEN DIAREHCEA, DISENTRRY AND CHOLBEA ARE ABOUT. OF ALL CHEMISTS Is. 14D., 2s. D. & 4s. Go.

F oR FIR ST-CLASS P:.:IVATE• DE NT ISTR Y. TEETH. ADDointments nann,ces:csiry,lbot may be TEETH. consultations free. EETH liaott patient Informed beforehand the (mit work required, rrEETa T . Gold and Other dillngs at =tolerate 1. eharzea. rrEET.H. An M.D., eh° Lady Attendauts. EETH. P..nlees ils;,,iraertliotbrio au: hhithertoby the *ld T TEETH. Maker to Dentieta of 1349010110 ca weekly. Ezore. of the late J. (DF:zwrray BY EXAM ATADDISON ATTENDS ST. EIELENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p,ra, SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, to 5, —3l. BRIDGE-STREET LIURSDAY, 2 to 5. N ORTHWIC H.— APPL EX' ARK ET-STR ET I FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

-- FRIARS GRismcs, arrington Opt 'site Arpley Station, also NANCHESTBII-110AD, (late Essentugh's.: S. T. WARD AND CO. MONUSIENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, eze,, Makers of ail kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monurnsats, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits Ponta, Headstones In Granite. Marble, andtithne. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING =SU act HOIVELHEINTS A SPEMALITY.
