===== 0002601_19020613_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ENURMOUS '

BRUSHES

& FANCY LEATHER GOODS.

BERESFORD-S,

77, CHtifiCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. LISAISCOI/C,II97TAMICMERIMOMMLOMMIALIIMINTEVIZERSIMMIAMIWZRIMAZIMASI

===== 0002601_19020613_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL CRUISES FOR THE '-102toNATION AND NAVAL REVIDW. 4•N G LANDS' SAILINGS

•"ci GRIDINOW{ AND GLASGOW. ~„ 'INCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. LIVERPOOL Prom GLASGOW Ivt ice ,104. Doak. Berth No. 24. North Side. •tP• ane 16th 730 p m Wed. June 18th 2pm *8.25 p m ynne 29th 10 pm Mon. June 23rd 2pm *6.23 pm "Tear'ne 25th Ipm Fri. June 27th 2p m 7.5 pm tfonl Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). taA,BY P•RE9 :—Cabin. Single, ha. ; Return (valid for " • 16 6d• Steerage. Single. E.a 6d. :t ° I• L RETIOIN TICRETB.—(VaIid for 10 days). Cabin, ateerage, Ss. 3d' I. LANGLANDS AND SONS, RUMFORD-PLACR, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WEDDING RINGS,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GUINEA GCLD

WEDDING RINGS.

Tuesdays elnld.3ollainsureKapnamdY :2' SP: FLB OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS n_els, and black tops (Sundays excepted) ge,i ~,,,1i.3 4/. DAY EXcljits STduo len:dd a.Nnyyj Sas.. h. . .. tt1)T29.1,3.0a4rn3/a:md 1 1 ~11,( (Sundaycsi n4n9 clp. ammy From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. To June 2-th. Wednesdays and Fridays. Mondays ...10.30 am and 2 pro Saturdays ...... 9 am and 4 pm Wednesdays and Fridays. 11.30 am 9 tam and 1 pm* Saturdayslo.3G am 2 .passage about 5 hours. , June l2th. from Liverpool 3p m instead of 2p in 1 DAY EXCURSTONS Saturdays and Mondays Fore Cabin. 4s ; Saloon Sc. From Llverpool 10.30 am I From Douglas 4pm Douglas arrive 2.15 pm I Liverpool due about. 745 pm LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY direct, Salledays, 12.30 noon; via Douglas, Thursdays 11.30 a.m. Hall Calne's"Little Man Island" and Sallinga free (postage Id) of Tours to Dublin, Belfast and Glasgow. Passengers, their Luggage, Live Stock,and Goods conveyed subject only to the renditions of carriage of the Company. as exhibited in their offices and on board their steamers. Swan & Leach, (look t Son, Dean & Dawson. tourist agents. ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LIMITED., DOUGLAS.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
.1. • • 4, 411111:H.iit •-• " - " • A • 4 • •.• 4:t • , e 4. A, • \io.-I,"` , .4 , . t*.•

ONE PENNY...

PiRID/4.Y5 JUNE 13, 1902.

&TIiIPJ STAR LINE YV ROYAL RAIL STEAMER& LIVIIRPOOL to NNW YORK via Queenstown. MAJESTIC ...Wed., June 18 CYM RIO Fri., July 4 (DELTIC) Fri., June 20 OCnaNIO Wed., July 9 OBRM ANIC Wed., June 25 MAJESTIC Wed., Jul; 16 TEUTONIC —Wed.. July 2 CRLTIC Wed., July 23 Third Class inswing° at low rates including Outtit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to Irmlv. 'atm, and Co., Liverpool, 17 Oockspur street, S.W.. and 34. Leedenball Street, London,

=NW

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR IkiORRELL'S INKS.

(UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW.STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE!

TO BE HAD waoLzeILE 'mom SAM. N. GREEN MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON

By pos.,. }I 7%d per Quarter, 6s 6d per nnura is gd per Quarter cred.

BOTHING AIDS BEAUTY SO MUCH AS BEAUTIFUL TEETH. NEW, DAINTY,

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, FIT FOR A DUCHESS. 38. TO 218. EACH. 30s. TO IHN GUINEAS PER SET, UPPER OR LOWER.

,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1209.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
•A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVRIZSM.THS, 17, RICHMOND-STE HBT. WIIITBCHAP2 L. LIVERPOOL,

_ One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable+ Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND S'LVER BOUGHT. All t+ansactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble °indite, Pictures, &c.. Av., always on Sale. We ere now offering some Special BAW4AINS in I DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIEb' end GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, &c, . !LC We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES .9)/ POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Pricss in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully .Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRA.OBLETS, AO. GOLD and OILVER WATC HRS. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. I\ 'LAINE'S, RICHMOND SIREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.4..

===== 0002601_19020613_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, 41,'y

Ofh&

===== 0002601_19020613_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. W. JONES,

DENTAL SURGEON, 13, PARKER ST., LIVERPOOL. BETWEEN CHURCH-13TNELT, AND bT. TOWNS MAEKET,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ADVICE FREE.

FOR Fr, RST-CLASS PRI7 AT DENTISTRYI, TEETH. Appointments unnecessary l but =MY arrange u__ TEETH All consultations tree, TEETH. midi pstientottnwfoorry:r)edqubierfoocir.eband

TEETH. Gold and other LIIInKs at moderato ci:arges. TEETH. An N.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide, TEETH. !Maker to Dentists of 10,000 weekly. Exors, of the late

===== 0002601_19020613_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
J. H. PARKINS

(Darn,s7 111 EXAm.y: MANCHESTBR_ 46, MOS LEY-STREI E T

(Telephone ISO),

MR. 11-ADDISON ATTENDS ST. BELENS --f, _—GEORGE-STREET MONDAI , 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WAERINGroN SANKEY-STREET • WEDNESDAY, 2to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STEER? THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICFI— 18, APPLMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS

DR. DAVIS'S

• FAMOUS PILLS. HAVE HAS) A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A

BOON TO WOMANKIND.

They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Avdemia, Debility, Depression, Weakness, and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes 9j,d, ls lfrd, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, and us, or under corer

from the Proprietor : 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING RILL, ONDON, W.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED

UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTRNDRO TO.

ROBERT L OWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-ST.IOM WAREINGTON, TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Sf cond-band Furniture and other Goods constantly en Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited: Furniture, &c., warehoused,

THT& CORONATION.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDiLRS TAKEN FOR

SCHOOLS AND PARTIES.

CORONATION CAKES

A SPECIALITY.

lIIGII-CLASS PURE

VJONFECTIONERY AND

HOME-MADE BREAD.

JAMES HORTON, LIMITED,

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING. DIRECT PROM ,•••I THE MAHER TO THE WEARER. 2Y5 GUARANTEED. MADE TO MEASURE. c t7t SUITS. 275. Go. SUITS. F:44 TROUSERS, 8. 11D. T.OUSERS. I'l r. 4

===== 0002601_19020613_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
SEND TO-DAY FOR

•7. OUR SPLENDID RANGE OF NEW PATTERNS ';-• • AND SELF-MEASIMEMENT FORM. r 4;

• BRASHER. GREAT FREEMAN ST., NOTTINGHAM.

£l,OOO WORTH IN PRIZES

NOW BEING GIVEN AWAY WITH BENNETT'6 PATENT ATASSAGE STONE.

PARTICULARS & VOUCHER WITH EACH STONE.

POT FREE ls 8D FROM THE

B.P.M.S. CO..

95 SOUTHAMPTON-ROW, LONDON, WC.

This Stone was discovered by Proresior BENNETT, F.G.S. and is the same as used by the Greeks and Romans, hence the name Strigil. It will eradicate WRINKLES and keep the hands soft end smooth. It Is invaluuble for Rheumatism, Lurnhugu, Stiff Joints and all skin and nervous disordets. It Is an ever- lasting soap, with Or without water, anti removes ink and ell stains from the holy. Proapectus free. Of all Chemists, Stores, Fze. Price Is 6d.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS should pay a visit to the AMA.TEUE PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. Largest Stock of NEW end SECOND-RANO CAMERAS. and Scientific Instruments. etc.. in Manchester. Write for our 1902 Illustrated Catalogue. (post free). THE AMATEUR PHOTOORAPHIU DEPOT, 71. OXFORD-STREET. (ALL S NT$), MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-.'t

===== 0002601_19020613_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2ZI

U-

xr:

===== 0002601_19020613_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
IM DOUG U. L'S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIRBSIION

ILLUSTRATED FASHIONS.

Somehow or other any great social event, whethes in our own particular society set or in one much above it, tends to give a stimulus to affairs sartorial, and the Coronation is influencing the modistic world at present. Even the poorest woman in the United Kingdom will on the 26th of June do her best to make as brave a show as possible, and by some little touch. of finery, such as a new ribbon or feather, evince her loyalty and innate sense;of the requirements, of the occasion. The great event is as a stone dropped into the pool of Society, and the ripples, lessening in strength as they go, will gently agitate all the world of dress. The peeress will don her diamonds and robes to do honour to her sovereigns, while the " donah " will also appear in gorgeous if not such tasteful or expensive garb; still it will have cost her much more thought and care than did that worn by her wealthier sister. There is little else talked of in any grade of society save this great national event, until, indeed, one is almost weary of the word " Coronation " as applied even to articles of dress and all the little etceteras of the toilette.. Red is a colour which has naturally enough sprung into fashionable favour, and is a note of colour which, if tastefully introduced, is exceedingly effective and pleasing. A red hat with a parasol to match is always very chic, while even the red parasol, taken singly, will brighten up many a costume, and add to its attractions. A grass lawn gown such as illustrated is much enhanced by a red sunshade and hat, while a further note of red is continued in the soft accordion-pleated tie and ends which finish the wide

MASS LAWN GOWN.

collar of white embroidery. Triple frills of the same embroidery decorate theisem of the skirt, and form the cuffs at the wrists and the bands on the upper part of the arms. Lace collars are much worn, a fact to rejoice the heart of the economi- cally-minded woman, for, by possessing herself of one or two of these dainty trifles of coarse or fine lace or embroidery, one can ring the changes on an every-day costume or blouse and make it appear very smart. The newest and perhaps the prettiest collars just now are of coarse linen or grass lawn with alternate squares of coarse Irish guipure flowers standing up in bold relief. There 'is infinite scope in th2se dainty trifles for the home worker to display both originality and taste, for, by obtaining a piece of lawn or linen, and perhaps a yard or so of a boldly-patterned lace insertion, a girl can evolve a collar which will give quite an air of style to a toilette. Some collars are made of dull, neutral - tinted ribbed silk with delicate flowers and buds in silk embroidery scattered apparently carelessly over the surface. The smart little hat depicted is of the ornate variety of 'sailor hat so much in vogue tlaig season. It is trimmed with a band of navy bliss

, ' -4401Allii‘r s4'l ' ral 1r , 41. qt#,Cl 'l* ' • - ,a. - V- P ---Aril,„pu,'! .1 ' N ..1 „..,,/ ~.v.,... „...„„.,. 4 , - ~(..... __,,.-,....., , •,. , '•• •' ,v. 1. 414 II 11 '. •• . • i ii il-"4---i:j.i' V ‘l, - - A G

===== 0002601_19020613_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
N.. , 0,4 f, A '-_--,, , 2,1 q, • o,o‘ ......, -4:.• - . f-M 10 - 1.141/411 ..t4r. kb. 1

===== 0002601_19020613_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A USEFUL HAT.

foulard spotted with white, which also forms a smart bow at the back and the ends, which fall over the coiffure at the back, and are finished by a couple of gold balls. A dull gold buckle is arranged at one side. Hats this season, espe- cially those of the more dressy variety, are flat as to crown and placed rather far back on the head, with a wide brim projecting over the face in front. The brims are literally covered with wreaths and bunches of very natural - looking flowers and foliage, while a swathing of lace and silk intermingled surrounds the crown. The brim is most becoming when curved and bent to suit the face of the wearer. It is easy to make such a hat at home as one can for a couple of shillings (or more if a better straw is desired) purchase a large floppy straw shape which is neatly interthreaded with wire to shape it and keep it firm. The floral decora- tions can be purchased ready to put on, and the :ace and silk adjusted to taste by the aid of a few ornamental pins.

This useful and at the same time comfortable coat is made of putty coloured taffetas with a large collar of white silk strapped with satin

....".„ /* ' V" ii;.sl ,t 0 C, o e •,-- P \ / _ ha _ • \

===== 0002601_19020613_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMFORTABLE COAT.

of the same hue as the taffetas. The sleeves are lined with white silk and are strapped with the satin, while large ornamental buttons form the fastening. For travelling by train or by road a coat of this description will be, found invalu- able, as it protects the dainty toilette under- neath from dust or from becoming soiled readily. Some people prefer the coat without the touch of white, but, unless the wearer is possessed of a brilliant complexion, the dull tone of the taffetas will be found somewhat trying. The taffetas coat is the latest outdoor wrap for summer wear, and some of the models are made with accordion pleats falliug from the neck to below the knees, and in some inbtances a girdle of black velvet is loosely tied round the waist. The dust coat of the present day is a very different garment from the unsightly object of a few jeers ago which was possessed of neither style nor fit, and only served to conceal any preten• slops to a good figure the wearer might lay claim to. Some of the most fashionable ladies have these wraps made of white taffetas, but that is too easily soiled to stand much wear.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

It le an error to assume that we are all the dutifull subjects of the Queen, though the mistake is being commonly made. The other day an address was pre- sented to bee Majetty by her "loyal subjects" and in one of the current sixpenny illustrated papers there is a picture of the Queen standing at one of the window) of Buckingham Palace. The occasion was Peace Sunday, when a great crowd assembled outside the Mace, and the picture is entitled " The Queen and her Subjects." This acknowledgement however is due tot eKing only, the Queen being our fellow subject, just tbe Fame as she was in tbe reign of Queen Victoria. We had become so accustomed to a reigning Queen, that some people find it difficult to realise that they are the rut jocts of ! King Edward and of his Majesty OEly. The Thanksgiving Service in St Paul's Cathedral as moit impressive and as may be imagined, an immense congregation attended to take part in it. Their Majesties, the King end Queen, were accompanied by a large gathering of the Royal family, including tha Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, Princess Christian, Princes. Victoria, and Prince and Princess Charles of Denmark. The weather was anytbine but favourable but an enormous throng ' assembled along the route to witness the passing of the , King and Queen, and Royal personages. Many peers ' I and peeresses were also present at the service at which the rerdering of the Ti Daum to the special setting of the late Sir Arthur Sullivan was exceedingly grand. In addition to the new Earl of Chichester there are several peers who are in Holy Orders, includiag the Earl of Devon, the Earl of Bessborougb, the Earl of Strafford, Lord Scarsdale. and Lord Normaady, who is a Canon of Windsor. The Rev Francis 0 Pelham who now becomes Earl of Chichester in censequeece of the death of his elder brother. is Vicar if Yarmouth. 'There are alse several peers who though net in Holy Orders, are well known pulpit orators. Viscount Halifax, the leader of the advanced Ritt,absts. and the Earl of Tankers ille are both exceedingly atle preachers and amongst others whomiabt he mentioned in this category are Lord Kin- naird, Lord Overtcue, and Lord Radsteca. The British climate as this year mostly been in its worst mood, and some fears may be sntrrtair sod that it will unfavourably imprees the Coronation guests. Many people are disposed to think that the King has not inherited the good fortune of our late Queen, who was invariably favoured with fine weather, and certaisly most of his Majesty's appearances in public this year, have been under wet or clouded skies. At the Epsom , races, all of which the Eirg attended, there *maid only have been one worse day than that of the Derby, and that was the Oaks, at which women are expected to assume their bravest attire. So bad Wfta the weather that neither the Queen or Prineeas of Wales attended. and many who did so returned with their frocks and furbelows all more or less in a state of wreckage. Fashionable society never patronises Epsom as it deer Ascot or Sandown, but there, on such occaeioas, every- thing depends upon fine weather, and without it tbe best of toilettes becomes a failure Some impetus to the approach of the short skirt seems to come from Paris, where it is being adopted by tee very smartest women for morning wear, and even for Park tcilettes. There can be no doubt, as between tbe long and the short skirt as to which is the more con- venient, but this is a small consideration with women when it is a question of elegar es and for this reason the comisg of the shorter skirt has been slow, and by ne means sure. Bet its beirg taken up by women. who never wear anything but the fathions for the day af!sr to-morrow, will quickly alter matters, ard this is the prospect that now seems held out to us from Paris. White gloves are in higher favor than ever before. It wculd be well however if tbe mode was patronised by those women only who can afford it, and furthemare blesee with small, well-shaped bands. Dark gloves are infinitely better than soiled or much cleaned white oner, gni if the bands they cover are large they do not draw attention to the fact. Happily the idea of squeezing the hand into gleves a sir', or two smaller than it really nerds, is ore that may be numbered 'among there past and gone. To-day such a proceeding is deemed vulgar. In the reenning of gloves, cotton and not silk should be used, as the latter invariably cuts the kid or suede. ' All sewing moreover should be done on the right side. When holes are concerned these should never be drawn together, a pleas of kid, or failing this, silk, of the same colour, should be tacked underneath, tie glove being next turned on the right side, and the tern edges neatly buttonholed and pressed. In removing gloves, they should be unbuttoned, and drawn ever the hands, the Angers, which "ill then be on the wrong side, bsine tumid, and carefully pulled out as soon as possible. Ti remove one's gloves by pulling at the finger tips, 'pills ruination to the very best cut specimens. iSaStiff rustling silks that " stand alone " are distinetly out of date at the moment, even erreng the mcst sow- servative of dowagers. Instead, we are all donning soft, rich-looking crêpe de chines, soft double-with satins, and the new uncrusbable, soft-finish glace silks. Then there are the cool-looking tussah and Shrirituez silks, and the many varieties of thin washing silks, of home, Chinese, and Japanese weaving. The latter is its great demand this summer. There is one question which is of more iniumriance to housewivea than either the Coronation or the late war, and that is the ecareity of domeatic servant,. It was recently reported form Lincolnekire that there were marcely any women servants to be ootsined at the kir• jog fairs, awl from all parts of the country the store is the same. In these circumstances acme people are asking why it should be necessary to rairefueos for the purpose of sending girls to Canada,but that is only a small factor in the case, and there seems to be every reason to apprehend that the difficulty of obtaining demesne m- armite will increase as time amnion. The servant problem would be comparatively easy to solve in numberless households, if there was no cook- ing and washing up, and from time to time we hear of schemes to supply well-cooked meals from a common centre. This plan has been tried in the neighbourbreol of flats, and the "London Distributing Kitchens. Ltd.," is the name of an undertaking that caters more generally for the public at large. It supplies dinner for 2s. lunch for is 6J, and breakfast for is, or for a family at £1 per head per week. The cloth and everything for the table , Is supplied with the meal, which is delivered by motor ' ear in specially prepared baskets, everything being kept quite hot. It is therefore almost like living at in hotel, as far as the meals are concerned and the food and cook- ing are of the test. Theoretically the plan offers many advantages, and people ought to be able to live better by it, just as on the same principle, it costs less per head to keep a family of 10 or 12, than it does a family of three or four. Whether the public will support what is really • ready cooked meal factory is another matter, but it will be interesting to watch the result of these attempts to introduce a great social change in London. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
BILE BEANS NEAR WARRINGTON.3

A Mother's Striking Testimony. Headache and Biliousness Ended.

Warrington housewives acquainted with the trials of bringing up a family should proht by the advice of Mrs Jane Stronach. of 22,Houghton-street,Earlestown,whom a " Warrington Examiner " reporter who called on her the other day describes as a model of neatness and health. "For over two years," she paid, " I have been a victim to distressing biliousness and severe headache The attacks carco on about ence every week, and often laid me up for a couple of days. The attacks became Intolerable and the pain in my head was at times excruciating. I had a weary languid feeling, and almost completely lost my appetite. Someone sent me a few of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness I took them in the hope of getting some relief and I was anything but disappointed. I then went in for a thorough course. By degress I got rid of the biliousness ; in the end the headaches also disappeared completely. The result was simply excellent, for besides curing me of my distressing ailments, the Bean/ also put me Into better condition generally. I have told all the people about here of my splendid cure ; and they now use the Beans a lot, and with gratifying results. My youngest daughter (age 30) was also cured of painful headaches by the use of the Beans. There is no doubt of their wonderful curative powers. Chas. Forde's Bile Beaus for Biliousness are a certain cure for headache, indigestion, biliousness, " summer fag," tired feeling, liver and kidney disorder, constipa- tion, sleeplessness, drowsicess,ausemia, female ailments, pimples, skin eruptions and all blood impurities. Of all chemists or post free from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 119,;London Wall, London, E.C. for is lid or 2s 91 per box.

\ Warrington Corporation Officials' Trip. About 40 of the officials and staff of the Corpora- tion, with friends, had a trip to Llangollen on Saturday. After breaking the journey at Chester, the party reached their destination early in tile afternoon. On arrival they were met by convey- ances, and, starting from the Royal Hotel, had a most pleasant drive to the aqueduct, the scenery in the district being greatly admired. On returning to the Royal Hotel the party sat down to an excel- lent tee. The meal over, the visitors split up into Fections, and visited the various places of interest in the locality. The party left Llangollen for War- rington at 7.30 and arrived back about half-past nine, after having Spent a most enjoyable day. The management for the trip gave general satisfaction and were carried out by the following committee : Messrs Brierley. Lawrence, Houghton (secretary) Crank and Hind.

The fight on the corn tax will be renewed on the schedule of the Finance Bill. When that is reachPd (sayA the Lobby correspondent a the "Standard ") proposals will be made for the exclusion from the duty of nearly every article named in it, and the discussions will be prolonged by the opposition as much as possible, A great effort is to be made to get maize exempted from the duty, and the pressure from both sides of the Hcuss In favour of this course will be considerable.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
_ [ALL /LIGHTS RESET.VED.7

THE EXAMINER FRIDA Y JUNE 13. 1902

than, as ne turnecr to centmu.e nrs wauc, lie reeled up•against the tall, dark-eyed captain oi his regiment. rarcion me, mon capitaine, I ask a thousand pardons," the young fellow exclaimed. "I hope

"Never mind," interrupted the captain, "though you nearly spun me out into the middli. of the street. H(.5 I mon dieu ! your head has the strength of an ancient battering ram; come along with me, Loigerot, come, I say, Lam out of temper, and you can usually smooth me down, my friend."

Captain Guiney was older and more cultivated than the lieutenant, but the two men had been friends ever since the young soldier, before he rose from the ranks, had saved his officer's life by risking his own. Captain Guiney was a cynic and a pessimist, and the honest simplicity of his brave little friend was, he often told himself, his best preventive against misanthropy. Loigerot laughed tilbthe tears came. "Pardon me, my friend," he said at last, making an effort to check his rather rolling gait, "but I cannot help laughing. I say temyself, here is a man with everything to make him happy, and he spends his time in :making troubles." He laughed again. Captain Guiney shrugged his shoulders and curled his moustache round a finger.

"You are daring," he—answered, "but I admit that what you say may be sometimes justly applied to me, not, however, in the present case : I am vexed with the folly of our comrade, La Peyre. He has actually engaged himself to that pretty little girl, Mademoiselle Sophie Devisme, and when .he gets his captaincy, he proposes to leave the army; did you ever know such folly ? " Loigerot was silent, and his friend looked sharply at him.

"I ask you as a man of sense, Loigerot ; did you ever hear of such folly?"

The lieutenant's clieeks had become a fiery red, and as he answered, he puffed out his words with extra emphasis. "Ma foi, it does not seem to me folly, if they love one another, and—aw—have enough to live 0n.,,

Captain Guiney gave his companion a suspicious glance as if he doubted his sanity, then, with un- disguised wonder, he looked the stout little officer well overofrom the top of his cap to the hem of his trousers. .

"Good heavens I " he said, as much to himself as o Loigerot, "is it possible that a fellow who has so distinguished himself can utter such a senti- ment? Why, my excellent Achille, we are no longer in the Middle Ages. What can love have to do with marriage, I ask you ? " Loigerot laughed loudly. "Well. well, ' he said as soon as he could speak, "you seem in a bad skin, Gainey; I do not say that every married man loves his wife, or that every wife loves her husband, but surely life must be happier when this is so; I hope to marry one of these days, captain, and I certainly mean to love my wife and to be loved by her in return." The Captain looked extremely serious; he knew that Loigerot seldom spoke of himself, or of his feelings: he had heard some gossip about a hand- some young widow, but it had not occurred to him till to-day, that there was anything more than a flirtation between this lady and his yoang friend. "When are you going to see your _property, Loigerot?" he asked abruptly. "It is, I fancy, a rather long journey from Rouen to Strasbourg ? " "Aha," the lieutenant laughed again, and rolled from side to side in his delight, "yes, yes, that is a good joke, my property indeed! Mon Dieu, time enough for me to take it in hand when I leave the army. No my friend, I need not go to Strasbourg; the property is let to a trustworthy tenant, who pays the rents regularly into the bank, where—aw —where for the present I am content to let them assimilate."

"Lucky dog," the captain said, "to be sure of promotion, and to be left an income at your age, by a cousin you never saw; these are things that do not fall to the lot of everyone. That young fool, La Peyre, is not half as well off as you are; I wish he had some of your good sense ; come, let us go to the cafe."

===== 0002601_19020613_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BLIND BEGGAR,

BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID,

(Author of "Patty," " Appledore Farm," &c.)

===== 0002601_19020613_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
PART L --CHAPTER I.

The sun was shining on the long, semi.circular flight of steps in front of the Church of St. Maclou ; the carved tracery of the lovely portal showed perfectly against the rich shadow within the porch; the breadth of light, however, invaded part of this shadow, and fell notabiy on the white cap of an old beggar-woman who sat by the baize door of the church.

She was dressed in black and sombre grey; she was not ragged and dirty, like some of the Rotten church beggars, but it was easy to see that she was blind.

She raised her head at the sound of footsteps, and holding out her right hand, she slowly chinked her money box. It was such a pathetic little think, seemingly made by one miserable centime against the metal box. The beggar-woman smiled when the footsteps paused. "Pardon me, madame," said a voice from the bottom of the steps, "I see a friend in the porch, there."

The words were puffed out, and sounded pompous, while the solemn expression on the speaker's round, rather flat face, fitted the import- &nce of his manner; there was, however, a humorous twinkle in his small dark eyes. He went up the steps, dropped a franc in the beggar's box, and said gently, How do you find yourself to-day, mother, eh?"

The answer was not ;whined out in the tone of a professional beggar. "May God bless and reward you, my officer. I find myself as usual, many thanks." Lieutenant Loigerot looked puzzled and some- what alarmed. Someone had told him that Elise Carron the beggar of St. Maclou was a witch, and he had not believed the story • he looked seriously at his rather portly figure, and his tightly-buttoned blue military frock, crimson silk sash, and flaming red trousers, —he was sure that no part of his uniform could have touched the beggar. How could she, then, have guessed his profession, unless, indeed, his sword had clanked as he mounted the steps? "My friend," he spoke very kindly, "I wish you would tell me why you have twice called me officer? The last time I had the pleasure of speaking to you, and to-day ?" The beggar smiled, but she turned her face towards the street; she had been so long blind that her hearing was singularly acute, and she had become aware of a sound unheard by the lieutenant. This was the frou-frou of a silk parasol, as the lovely lady who stood waiting for the lieutenant moved it impatiently above her dainty bonnet. "My secret is soon told, monsieur," the beggar- woman answered. "For some weeks past you have never passed me by unnoticed, and when I asked who my generous benefactor was, there were plenty to tell me "he is Lieutenant Loigerot of the 75th regiment, now stationed at Rouen, one of the bravest officers of his regiment." Loigerot reddened with pleasure. "I must not detain monsieur from the lady who waits for him below," the beggar added. "How the devil "—(the lieutenant checked himself)—" An revoir, mother, take care of your- self."

"One thousand devils," he thought, as he went down the steps, "she must be a witch, or else her blindness is a sham; how else in the name of wonder can she know that Madame Jamain is waiting for me?" This wonder so oppressed the brave lieutenant, that he forgot to smile at the handsome lady with the gay parasol. Madame Jamain was very handsome. She had the fair flower-like complexion which seems to be the distinct prerogative of youth, her skin was smooth and satiny, her forehead clear and white, her eyebrows were fine and well-marked, and her large blue eyes were full of light and colour: perhaps her high-bridged nose and her lips were a trifle thin, but when her lips parted they shewed a gleam of dainty little teeth; her fuzz of fair hair was shining and silky, and the pose of her head was full of distinction; Madame Jamain's figure was well-proportioned, though perhaps rather full for her youthful appearance. Her air of distinction had quickly captivated Lieutenant Loigerot. That this adorable woman, who moved like a queen, should smile on him, should even accept his escort to the door of her house, was still, after a fortnight's acquaintance, more like a wonderful dream to him than a reality: he had made her acquaintance one evening when she was leaving the theatre, and her carriage was not to be found. The fair widow now said, "Does monsieur find the old beggar so very interesting ?" Her little smile made Loigerot nervous: he feared she was covertly laughing at him. " Ma foi, madame," and he reddened underthe full gaze of those blue eyes. "Devil take it," he thought, "how tender they could look if they :those." Then aloud, "I go to see the old woman, madame, because—because—(he began to stammer, and no longer puffed out his words), "it is, madame, a souvenir; the old beggar's voice reminds me of my mother's." His companion smiled and showed her pretty teeth.

i "Monsieur s modest about his good deeds. I have noticed that old woman sitting there, and she does not move my pity. Mon dieu, I believe she is as well off as I am, but monsieur will permit me to say that I think his mother would scarcely feel complimented by such a likeness." She shifted her parasol to get a better view of her admirer; he was tugging at his moustache as if he expected to extract a suitable answer from its coarse tawny hair. Loigerot was congratulating himself that le had not said how much his mother had resembled the blind beggar in her poverty, except that his mother had earned her living by her own hard work, instead of earning it by begging: when he had been drawn for the army, his mother had insisted on his joining instead of finding him a substitute, because she had not means to help him on in any other walk of life. Loigerot was very proud of his mother, but her memory was sacred, locked up in a corner of the young fellow's heart; he could not talk about her even to Madame Jamain.

"Pardon me, mafilame, the likeness is in the voice." Then he added sadly, "My mother died while I was at Solferino."

His companion's blue eyed glistened with sympathy. "'That was sad, indeed! It must have dimmed the lustre of your honours, for you, monsieur, greatly distinguished yourself in the famous battle." She glanced approvingly at his decoration, while he reddened, and held himself more erect than ever. He pushed up his stubby imperial with his stumpy fingers, and smiled till his eyes looked like dark lines. He could not at once think of a suitable acknowledgment of this compliment, but at last he cleared his throat, raised his cap, and looked more beaming man ever. " Madame—aw—madame i, oc. kind. I don't know—aw—how to thank madame sufficiently, but I love my profession. Yes, madame, it is my glory and my joy to be a soldier." Madame Jamain smiled, then she sighed. "I cannot wonder, when you are such an orna- ment to your profession. But,' monsieur, I greatly regret that I can no longer listen to you; some day you will tell me about your military adventures, will you not? I shall delight in listening to the story of a real hero." Her eyes were eloquent, and they bewitched him. He seemed to tread on air, while he won- dered how he could contrive a longer interview with this lovely lady. He had hoped than when they reached her door to-day, she would ask him to come in, yet he could not but admire her conven- tional propriety. A bright idea suddenly came to bin,. _ _ _ _

"Madame,' he puffed out, "it would be most condescending if you would, next Sunday, accept my escort to Pa Pouille ; in such fine weather even you, madame, might find the excursion pleasant." Madame Jamain's face had been screened by her parasol, she moved it and looked rosy from tiro reflection ; she smiled sweetly as she aßswered : "Willingly, monsieur, I have often wished lie visit La Pouille. I shall be charmed to accompany monsieur on Sunday." They had reached her house, and she held out her land; the lieutenant bowed over her dainty lemon-coloured glove; his face glowed with happi- ness. "I will then say adieu, till Sunday, madame. I— sw—shall have the honour of calling a quarter before three o'clock, aw—if that hour will suit the we- venience of madame." Perfectly, monsieur." With another very graceful bow, Madame Jamain vanished somewhat abruptly in the now open doorway. Leizerot stood lookinu low2inuir after her; and

===== 0002601_19020613_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER

It was a delightful afternoon; everyone on board the little steamer looked full of enjoyment, as the boat went briskly on to La Pouille. There were fathers and mothers, with their children of all ages to whom they diligently pointed out the old grey city with its famous spires and towers rising far above the tangle of masts and rigging lying at anchor on the steel-grey Seine; there were middle-aged hus- bands and wives without children, there were also pairs of lovers by the dozen, and a comparatively small number of chaperons. , Loigerot moved about in an ecstasy of delight; he forgot to point out the lovely view of Rouen; he had eyes only for Madame Jamain. After a while, he began to notice the dress and general appearance of the other ladies; a broad smile beamed across his face with the intensity of his satisfaction, and his eyes went back to Madame Jamain. She sat shaded by a white satin parasol which gleamed in the sunshine; her head was bent slightly forward, and the pearl-like tone of het complexion looked yet more transparent through her filmy white veil; he thought her blue eyes were full of light and sweetness. "Mon Dieu, A.chille," he said to himself, "you are indeed a lucky dog, she looks like a queen among the other women." Captain Guiney's words about marriage hail haunted and depressed Loigerot; for though hq sleplored his cynicism, he looked up to his eaptain'R worldly wisdom; as he stood gazing at his lovely companion, he now reminded himself that the captain could not know anything about married Loigerot had reason to believe that in a few months' time he should get his captaincy, and therefore be able to marry. If Madame Loigerot, be licked his bps with delight, if she should wish him to leave the army, it would be, of course, ii great sacrifice, but thanks to his cousin's unex- pected bequest, he. could live comfortably on hie little property near Strisbourg. Judging by madame's dress, he thought shd must have some money of her own; yes, life with such a coin. panion might be a perfect paradise. He- looked fondly at her; to his dismay, he saw that she was gaping. " Heavens ! I forget while I feast my eyes on he beauty, that she must be dull, for it is impos• Bible that the can take pleasure in looking at me ; she is dull, the sweet angel." "Madame," he puffed out at last, "it is pleasant, is it not? I trust that madame enjoys the little journey as much as I do?" Madame Jamain bowed. "I find it charming, monsieur, but the movement of a boat always makes me sleepy" "We are just coming to La Pouille 'madame, and some tea will refresh you. Madame likes tea?" A ready smile shOwed her pretty glittering teeth.

"I love it, but monsieur perhaps prefers some- thing stronger." She looked slyly at Loigerot. "Pardon me, madame, in the company of a lady, I—aw—l could net permit myself to exceed one glass of eau-sucree." Madame Jamain laughed as she took the lieu- tenant's sun, for the boat had stopped, and the passengers were begipzir.g to land. "This is a tine view, madame ? " he said. "I think it is too warm for walking '', she answered sweetly, "and I am a little tired, but a cup of tea will refresh me." "Madame," Loigerot said impressively, •'you shall at once have your tea." He took her into a restaurant with a garden on one side of it; there was an arbour at the farther end of this garden shaded by trees; here he placed Madame Jamain' while he went in search of a waiter. A good many guests had come by the steamer, and it was not easy to get served; and even when he at last found a waiter the man was slow; nearly ten minutes went by before Loigeroi could go back to the arbour. He was impatient to rejoin Madame Jamain, and le took a short way that led to the back of the irbour, instead of following the broad path by which they had reached it. His round face looked like a full moon as lie hurried between the bhickly planted trees on this side of the garden. " I shall take the dear girl by surprise; while she is looking out for me, I shall suddenly appear from the rear. Bravo, Achille, a civilian would no% have dreamed of this manceuvre " A little way behind the arbour, some of the trees had been pollarded, and made a thick screen, both lbove and below, for a luxuriant undergrowth had 3prung from the roots ; and Loigerot had to squeeze himself carefully through this before he could reach the little bower. He suddenly stopped. *dame Jamain was speak. lug, and then a man's voice answered in a mocking tone, Loigerot hurried to the right, and went forward to the front of the arbour. Madame Jamain sat where he had left her; she was frowning, and a tall young fellow who stood laing her was sneering unpleasantly. He had a dark face_and a slouching figure:, he

was ratner younger risan-me neutenant,--ana looked as though'.he had been drinking. At the sight of Loigerot he said, "Good-day madame," bowed and went away. Madame Jamain turned quickly to the lieutenant; he fancied that she blushed with pleasure at seeun4 hint again, and the spasm of jealousy which had flamed in his eyes, faded. "You are come at last," the sweetness of her smile intoxicated him, "I wish I had gone in search of you, then I should have escaped that chance acquaintance." Loigerot twirled his moustache, and looked fierce.

"With your leave, madame, I will follow that gentleman, and desire him in future to keep hi; distance."

She put her hand on his sleeve. "On no account, dear monsieur, that might lead to a quarrel, and I could not bear that." ' He laughed and rubbed his hands. "On the contrary, madame, the little meetivg that would ensue would give me the greatest plea- sure, I—aw—have an idea that the young gentleman would not again venture to intrude on you." "You are so brave,"--she looked admiringly at him—" but on this pleasant afternoon we must not even think of quarrels; ah, here comes tea, ma foi ! Monsieur, I see ices too, you are really too kind, do you know I adore a pine-apple ice." Madame Jardain did justice to her taste; she ate three ices, several cakes, and then drank two cups a tea; she told Loigerot that tea was always drunk by fashionable people. He offered her a glass of liqueur, and after much pressing she consented to drink it, on condition that he would follow suit. It was evidently Fatigue that had kept her silent; now her eyes sparkled, and she talked, and laughed at her companion's jokes, and at the enormous chuckles which followed them.

His companion became more and more fascinat- ing to Loigerot ; he thought all she did, and all she said, simply bewitching ; she was •so much less re- pressive than she had hitherto seemed, he longed to take her in his arms and kiss her, and he boillv asked leave to call on her next day. She grace- fully bent her head. "I shall be charmed to see you, monsieur. Shall we say soon after four o'clock," she said. Loigerot reddened with delight, and effusively thanked her for this gracious permission. He tolii himself he had been too reticent, and that lie might safely have made this request earlier in the acquaintance. I—aw—will not leave you, madame, and yet will not take you up to the Bullet, for it is crowded; may I—aw—place you," he puffed out, "on that seat yonder, I will only be absent two minutes, and I can keep you in view." His tone had become much more intimate, but madame did not seem to shrink from it.

"Willingly, monsieur," and he led her to the bench.

The man at the Buffet was surrounded by a aoisy and hilarious bevy of customers; Loigerot saw that its must have patience, and he moved to the farther side, where the crowd was scantier. Behind a group of trees on this side, he saw another little arbour, and seated in it was the young follow he had seen with Madame Jamain. He was drink- ing, and one arm was flung round a painted, over- dressed woman, much older than he was.

-Loigerot moved away. Madame Jamain had told him she knew no one in Rouen; he wondered as he went back to her, how she had become acquainted with this disreputable fellow. "Good-day, Loigerot." "Good-day, La Peyre." Loigerot bowed low in honour of the two ladies who accompanied his brother lieutenant ; they had met at the foot of the ateps of St. Maclou. "Permit me," La Peyre said, "to present to you Madame and Mademoiselle Sophie Devisme—my friend Lieutenant Loigerot." Loigerot bowed and swaggered, and swaggered and bowed, till bright blooming Mademoiselle Sophie could hardly help laughing. "How goes it with you?" said easy common- ! place La Peyre. "Did yesterday's expedition turn out as well as you expected ?" "It was perfect." Loigerot felt himself again; he was nervous before young ladies, and Made- moiselle Sophie was certainly a very pretty girl, but he thought she wanted style, and that she war not to be compared to Madame Jamain. " It—aw--- yes, it was perfect, it made me "—he lowered his voice in the hope that only La Peyre would hear— "4w—made me resolve to follow your excellent example—pardon me, lam waited for. I have the honour to say au reroir to you and to your ladies." He made a grand bow to Madame Devismc, another to her daughter, a third to La Peyre, and then he rolled away op a street that led side-ways from St. Maclou to St. Quen. He need not have hurried away, for he was before the time which Madame Jamain had named for his visit; but lie was painfully conscious of the parcel he carried, a large box of bon-bons—he earnestly hoped it had escaped La Peyre's notice. Yesterday, on the way home, Madame Jamain had confessed that she adored fondants, and loved nougat as much as pine-apple ices. Loigerot was taking her a large supply of these dainties. While he spoke to La Peyre, he had noted the sparkle of youth in Mademoiselle Sophie's eyes. he gave a little slgh, he had always told himself that his wife should be "a rose-bud, not a full-blown blossom, and his adored Madame Jamain could tioc te thought be less than twenty-five." "Ma foi ! It is so much the better, it is esSier for me that she is not such a baby as that little girl; ripe fruit never sets the teeth on edge ; besides, a widow can make everything so much easier for a man like me, there is no one to come- between us, and lay down restrictions. Mon Dieu, I do not envy La Peyre; when I propose, I am sure my Jutiette will make it easy for me. Juliette, what a lovely name it is ! and how enchanting she looked when she told me that she owned it ; yes, Achille," he- pushed up his stubby imperial with his forefinger, "I—aw--flatter myself that Juliette Loigerot has a better sound than Juliette Jamain."

He was within a few yards of the house, and he again sighed as he recalled his friend's unembar- rassed, happy look ; but his face quickly cleared from the momentary cloud. "He looks happy because he is sure and certain; well, then, why should not I also be sure and cer- tain ? I will inakc sure to-day—l--" He suddenly paired; the door of Madame Jamain's house opened, and the young fellow who had so discomposed him at La Pouille, came down the steps, laughing to himself. He glanced at Loigerot, and turned quickly away, as if to avoid recognition. The lieutenant stood still, reddening through the bronze of his cheeks, and pulling hard ai, his moustache. One—two----three----four. First one and then another clang of the metal-tongued clocks through the city, till nothing else could he heard. Loigerot saw that he had arrived before he was due.

"The devil !" he exclaimed, in strong indigna. tion, "What does it mean ? " For a moment a rift came in the rose-coloured cloud that had enwrapped him, he felt at war with every one, himself included. And then in a minute the placable fellow told himself he was wronging his sweet love; she was doubtless only a lodger in the house, and the young scamp he had seen probably occupied one of the upper rooms, hence the chance acquaintance; brit, all the same, he resolved to ask Madame what she knew about this young

(To be concluded).

===== 0002601_19020613_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS PRISM'S ANARCHIST.

Adapted from the French lai H. M. Ashton,

With her bag of needlework in her hand and the basket containing her dog Fido under her arm Miss Prism got into the train. The carriage was empty and she made herself comfortable, feeling thankful that she was going to have it all to herself with her darling Fido, when at the last moment a man opened the door and took his seat in the carriage. Miss Priscilla Prism had an instinctive horror of the male sex, no man having ever paid homage to her charms. When she reached the age of thirty Miss Prism had made a solemn and obstinate vow of celi- bacy, and since that time a considerable number of years had passed. Her life was very simple and mapped out by rules she never deviated from. Her only companion was Fido, her Fido for whom she cherished a boundless affection. And if every year she spent the winter in a sheltered valley of the Tyrol, from which she was re- turning to day to England—it was as much for the good of the dog as for herself. As soon as the unknown climbed into the carriage,Miss Prism thought of getting out and finding another compartment but the train was already in motion so she sank back into her corner, pressing Fido to her heart. Over her spectacles Miss Prism stealthily examined her fellow traveller whose face and dress made her feel uneasy. His complexion was bilious and his beard black and bushy. He had a travelling bag, an uinbrella,and carried in his left hand a round object enveloped in a red handkerchief. This certainly could be no ordinary package. It must con- ceal something important and mysterious; that was plainly to be seen by the precaution and the infinite care with which its bearer handled it. He put his bag on the seat in front of him and his umbrella beside it, but he was a long time in deciding where to place the red package, but finally placed it by his side on the cushion. He brooded over this red packet with a singular intentness, murmuring strange words such as "my little treasure," " the great day has come " and We are going to have a word with the King." Miss Prism felt somewhat alarmed, perhaps he was a madman. What could he wish to say to his Icing ? What were the contents of the package which he called kis treasure ?

Then the man, entirely absorbed in himself, drew a cigar from his pocket and began to light it. To smoke before a woman and without 'asking her permission ! To smoke in Fido's compartment I For Fido could not bear tobacco smoke, it made him sneeze till he was ill. Besides he had bad his breakfast just before starting and his digestion would be upset. Miss Prism rose from her corner. " Sir.',she said, " this is not ,a smoking compart- ment ! '

The an started, and looking with confusion at Miss Prism he said in a disappoiuted tone " Pardon,madam. I thought I was alone."

It was eVident that the man was very vexed at not being alone. He didn't want to be looked at or recog- nised. This was extremely suspicious. The unknown put his cigar back into his pocket, Miss Prism retired into her corner in hostile and inquisitive silence, not losing sight of a single movement or gesture of her mysterious fellow traveller. At the frontier, the train stopped, and when the customs officers had gone through the carriage inspecting the baggage,Miss Prism with a sigh of relief noticed that the man had dis- appeared. Where had he got to ? The train had already started when a man hastily opened the door, climbed into the carriage and sank down on the seat. It was the bad man again ! He still carried as carefully as possible the red package. The explanation seemed very simple to Miss Prism. This package doubtless contained some contraband article. The man had dis- appeared at the approach of the officers and reappeared after their departure. He must be a very dangerous person. _

Miss Prism's fears grew more and more alarming. She noticed that at each station gendarmes in unusual numbers were on duty on the platform, and examined every traveller that 'got into the train. This did not re-assure her. Miss Prism was determined to find out the reason of it, and stopping the guard as he passed their compartment, she asked him if there was any special reason for this extra precaution. "It is on account of the anarchists madam " replied he. " The King of Carpentaria passes here to-day on his way to Weltersbad, and the police have got wind of a plot against his life," and he went away. A fearful thought at once flashed through Miss Prism's mind, she turned pale, a second had sufficed for her to understand every- thing. This man of peculiar manners and strange dress who sought solitude and fled from custom house officers —he was an anarchist ! The object that he held with so much care, from which he would not be separated; that he called his treasure, that was going to say a word, an atrocious word, to the King—it was a bomb ! Yes it was all clear enough. Msss Prism had in her compartment an anarchist, carrying a bomb destined to kill the King of Carpentaria. She, Miss Prism was travelling with an assassin ! What should she do ? Pull the alarm cord ? Xiss Prism was in that state of mind in which the simplest things are those which one least dreams of, whilst one finds oneself capable of doing the most extravagant things. Suddenly, by a chance in which ' she saw the band of Providence, she noticed that the anarchist was asleep. At her side poor Fido slept peacefully in his basket. Miss Prism gave her little pet a farewell kiss, then gathering all her courage she crept towards the anarchist and leaned over the round object wrapped in a red handkerchief. She drew back I terrified. This bomb was more than a bomb,it was an infernal machine! She could hear a light tic-tae from the inside. No doubt the jolting of the train had set in motion the clockwork which regulated thelime of the explosion. There was not a minute to lose. With a swift movement Miss Prism seized the machine. The only window open was the one by which she had been seated. It seemed as if years passad while she crossed the comparanent. The train at this moment crossed a little brook which owing to the recent rains had over- flowed into adjoining meadow, so much so that the water came almost to the level of the railway. Miss Prism rased her arm to throw the odious engine as far las possible into the water. Suddenly she heard a shout behind her, the anarchist had awakened! As quick as lightning Miss Prism threw the bomb with all her strength. It fell into the water with a great splash Then she turned towards the anarchist.

.- " Curse you" cried he, seizing her violently by the shoulders, What have you done." Miss Prism felt herself lost. Exalted by ?he feelins of danger, she looked bravely at him and with the accent of a martyr said "I have saved the king! have destroyed your bomb " "Destroyed my bomb? Saved the king ?"—repeated the anarchist, as if lie was trying to understand her, then he shouted " get out of my way ! " The excitement had been too much for Miss Prism, all her strength and presence of mind had evaporated, she collapsed entirely and was completely in the power of the anarchist. This man certainly bad the most inconceivable effrontery. He who feared to be recog- nised or seen, did not hesitate to rush to the alarm signal, and pull the handle furiously. The train stopped. The guard appeared at the door and asked what had happened. " My wife is ill " said the anarchist, indicating Miss Prism. "She cannot remain in this carriage without great danger. _Let us get out." . . .

She, Miss Prism, married And married to an anarchist ! _ Oh, the horror of it !

The guard had no .objection. He brought out the bag and the umbrella while the anarchist raised Miss Prism in his arms, half-dead with horror and shame. The train proceeded on its way. The anarchist had placed the unfortunate Miss Prism on the ground. "Now " said he in a menacing voice " Since you have thrown away—my bomb—you are goineto help me find it."

Miss Prism did not dream of resisting. "What shall we do P ' she murmured. . _ _

"What shall we do.? 'iiigqi7a7;i't;stion. I'll tell you what we are going to do. I, am going to smoke a cigar. roe are going into the water to look for my bomb. You will take off your shoes and stocking and you'll paddle about in it until you have found it ! " This time Miss Prim rebelled To die, she was resigned, but take off her shoes and stockings before this man, she would not ; modesty which had always been Miss Prism's dominating virtue forbade it. Even when she was a little girl Miss Prism would not have committed such an indiscretion. Not for worlds would she obey the order of this miserable wretch. So Miss Prism went into the, water with her shoes on. The water was excessively cold, she felt it coming through the soles of her shoes and it was a most disagree- able experience. How long would she be searching over her spectacles for some trace of the red handker- I chief. It seemed to her as if she had already been an age in the water and while she paddled about her I prosecutor sat on the fence smoking his cigar and star- ing at her ferociously. "Sir" she cried "I have found it, will you come and take it ?" "Bring it yourself!" Was the reply of her inexorable tormentor.

She had to do it ! so she seized the packaze by the knot in the handkerchief and chilled with cold and fear she regained the bank, not without making a great effort to preserve her dignity. The man snatched it from her hands, stared at her for the last time, burst into a roar of laughter and ran away as quickly as he could.

Miss Prism stood transfixed and could not understand

The way to sell goods is to humour people. The money you pay. for Fels-Naptha soap is still yours if you choose to ask your grocer for it, 2,1,d a bar.

Fels-Naptha soap Peninsular House Monument London EC

- 4

why or how she still lived. However when she had assured herself that all danger was passed, she pulled herself together, and then a terrible thought presented itself. This crime that she had tried to prevent, this crime would be committed. The anarchist had gone,he would kill the king—unless he was overtaken. Yes, she must do it at all costs, she must arrive before the anarchist.

Miss Prism walked to the nearest station and took the next train to Weltersbad. Scarcely had she got out when she asked " Whore is the king ? ' She was told that the king had indeed arrived, but there was no chance at all of her getting near him. In tho station transformed into a reception hall, he received from the town officials the welcome which is the prerogative of crowned heads. With the exception of a few special people who had obtained the favour of an audience,entrance to the hall was strictly forbidden. The crowd massed around could only assist in the ceremony from afar by punctuating the congratulatory addresses with hurrahs.

The time was well chosen for congratulations, when any minute might be the last of the king's life ! Taking no notice of the shouting and pushing Miss Prism forced her way through the crowd, got through the line of guards and found herself in the hall where the privileged ones were waiting to have audience with the king. What a spectacle presented itself to Miss Prism, frightened but triumphant! That man who was bow- ing before the king she recognized,she would know him among a hundred! It was he! There was no mis- taking him. The same bilious complexion, the same thick black beard, the same look ! Another detail dissipated all doubts, from his pocket hung the end of a red handkerchief. Miss Prism had come in time. She stretched out towards the man her avenging arm and in a loud voice cried— " Arrest him, he is an anarchist !" To her great astonishment the words created no stir, but provoked great laughter. And the man turned round and she heard these words: "Sire, behold the foolish woman of whom I had the honour to speak to you It was she who threw into the water the clock made for your Majesty. The clock is so perfect that neither the jolting nor the bath have done any damage to its mechanism -- ..

And he -showed to the King with pride,all the marvels that this clock could perform, this clock of which he was the inventor, which he had carried so carefully, and which had inspired Miss Prism with fears so exaggera- ted !

===== 0002601_19020613_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN DOES DEAFNESS BE.OO ME INCURABLE.

The unfavourable opinions expr,si.l by euriste. in ring standinz 018di ot Deafness, no doubt prevent many afflicted pe;eoni from seeking relief for ear diseases and defective hearine, but according to a late number of " The Juurnal for the Deaf," in ja.itice to the latest forms of treattneot, it is high time these opinions were reversed. Al nyi lents in support of this assertion, the Editor issues a " Supplemeat " containiog upward, of 40 cases Cured by a special method, the Drouct Treat- ment, and points out that many of these cases were taken under treatment after other Illeins had failed. Perhaps the mud interesting case' is that of Miss A E Burrows, who had defective hearing for nearly 30 years, which had iLcreasad during the last five years, until the Deafeess was extreme. The patient attended a celebrated L en hospital for a twelve moath and also a priests epecialist for eighteen month.. It would doubless be wroogine her previous medical attendants to say that they did not devote to her ease the but prescriptions they could formulate, and when we consider side by side the facts that on the one hand two years and a half of treatment administered by Aurists. of presumably the highest skill, gave absolutely no satisfactory resist's, and on the other hand that a p!r- fact cure was effectsd by the Drouet Institute in Less than a quarter of this length of time, it is impossible not to draw the conclusion th, t the Drouet treatment is tbe meet successful msthod. It is only necessart to read the patient's last report to feel satisfied that the cure is of a_permanent character. . . .

187, V,rany-road, R)therlitho N,w-road, April 231, .902.

Dear Sir,—l am sorry I did not write to you before, but I thought t bes: to try first and see if the curs was permanent, as after trying on many doctors and the ear hospital I wls afraid to wake too sure at-out it, but it is q lire a relief to say that it is cured. Yours truly, A E BURROWS.

Tease who ars in'eres'ea in deafrusa or diseases 01 the ear, no or throat, can obtain a freri copy ef the " Journal for the D af," with a " Supplement," by ad- dreasing the Se-retary, Drouet Inetitu, Regent'e-park- rokd, London, N. W. Each Journal is accompanied by a Patient's Report Form, which enables applicants to re- ceive full particulars for applyins the treatment at home. Any advice by correspondence is absolutely free.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The __Death Rate.

Accordinz to t he Regi•trar General's official re turns the followinz table shows the rate of mortality in Warrington and other Laacaibire and Yorkshire towns last week : Death rate. Death rate. Stockport 181) Oldham ......240

St liaiens ......... 200 Wirttley ll'o Wigan ............ 20.0 Blacknurn l6O WARRINGTON. 14.0 PrBAton 240

Bolton .—...—... 18'0 Huddrsheli.l.. 13.0 Bury ...... 180 Halifax l5-0 • Manchester —... 21 0 Buy] ford Salford The average for tile 7k. grelt towns was 16.0 p 1,000.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Motor Mail Breakdown.

There was a broakflown on -Monday in the Ilan- chester-Liverpool motor mail service. The Liver- pool van had scarcely got clear of Victoria-streat when, at the foot of the hill in St. John's-lane, jr stopped through the fracture of the axle of the rear wheels, and remained there all night and far into the dayliht yesterday. The parcels were immedi- ately transferred to one oE the old horse-drawn van., and arrived in Manchester in good time for he first delivery on Tnesday morning.

, ( 9 , .: ', ''': :, • '-- , _'',.,---!: COLOT

===== 0002601_19020613_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19020613_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION BILL.

Free Church Protest at Warrington.

Speeches by Dr. Monro Gibson and Mr. Cameron, M.P.

A well-attended meeting, convened by the War- rington and District Free Church Council was held in the Parr Hall,Warrington,on Tuesday evening, to protest against the Education Bill. The chair was occupied by Mr C E Parker, president of the Free Church Council. There were also present :—The Rev J Monro Gibson, D.D of London ; Mr R Cameron, M.P, ; the Revs John Yonge, E T Reed, C Finch, J L Nlilne, John Davies, T Williams and C H Hocken (secretary); Councillors F B Roberts, James Evans, Brough, Peacock, 'Ciunion, Ellison, William Pierpoint and Barton ; Messrs E .1 Guest, 3,P, H E Garnett, Thomas Birchall, J. P, J W Hay- ward, J.P, R Wyllie, 8 B Stringer, H E Hawthorne, G Clay, E V Walker, C Jackson Holmes, Edward Wallington, F Brown, Clackworthy, Joseph Owen, J Bailey, A H Dunn, and a number of local ladies, The SECRETARY read letters of apology for non- attendance from Alderman R ibarte ; Mr Stott (secretary oF the Trades and Labour Council) ; the Rev J F Matthews, Mr Arthur II Crosfield, and Mr Ziba Armitage. MR ARMITAGE AND THE CLERICAL PARI T. Mr Armitage, in the course of his letter sail : " I should welcome a truly national system of education, which, while dealing generously with the denominational schools, extended and strengthened the power of the School Boards ; but this Bill I regard as an unfair attempt of the clerical party to strengthen tha Established Church. which is the Caurch of the minority, at the expense of the ratepayers and of the Free Churches, whose adherents are the great ms3ority of the religious British people. (Applause). I object to the transfer to the sectarian managers of the power of c mtrol over the public schools, which are sustained by Imperial taxes and local rates, from the people who pay the rates and taxes. Under this Bill, if it becomes law, Sacerdotalism and Roman Catholicism will ba taught at the public expense ; the compromise of 1870, to which the Free Churches have bean loysi, is abrogated, the in- iCe to which Nonconformi its in the villages are exposed is aggravated and intensified, and the dying embers of sectarian strife, all over the land, are re-lighted and embittered. I cannot, believe that the vast majority of the English people will allow the clivical party to gain its desire to get fuller control than they have already over the edu- cation of the children of the people." MR A. H CROSFIELD SPEAKS our. _ _ _

i .

Mr a a cre=fieli wrote :—Lendoe, J`Ja3 7tn, D Yonge,—Ablence from Eegland prevents my attend- ing your meeting ta join in your protest against what We must all think a mott retrograde and injurious naeasure. It would,nf c mese, ill become me to inflict a long letter upon tee m3eting, but I trust there will be no compromise ; no accepting the Bill im the hope of amending it in committee. The question is of para- mount importance,for the inferiority of our educational System to that of Germany or America is seriously handicapping the workers of this coutitry in that ieter- national etrugele for commercial suprem icy that has of late aesumed such a grave aspect. Mill ilia is the pro- duct of Convocation and calculated not to further the interests and wele•being of the commoners of England, but to extend the powers of an ecclesiastical elique.(Ap- plause.) It is intended to be the culininatioe of the long struggle between a broad, national system of edu .atina and one in whlch the interests of the people are sacri- ficed to dogmatism. The authere of the Act of MCI I am sure never intended the " Compromise "to be the Means of setting up two rival mestems. They wished to avoid any injustice to the work that Voluntaryism had done previous to that Act, bet they cannot have con- templatei the aubsidizing of Voluntary Schools with the deliberate object of enabling them to destroy the School Board systole. The effect or that compromise wee,how- ever, to sat up two rival systems, both of which have now been tried for over thirty years. What has been the result ? The Scheel Board system has amply vindi- cated it enistence. Even the present Government, through its mouthpiece Sir John Gorst, has reputedly , admitted that the education given in the Board Scheele has been superior to that given in the Voluntary Schools; and yet, with the full knowledee of this, the Govern- men: attempts to perpetuate the inferior and kill the superior system. As evidence that the country is waking up to this fact it is significant that even in Birmingham itself, prominent Unionists speak on the platforms of the Education League in opposition to this act of a Unionist Goveremeat. Without attempting ia this letter to criticize the Bill in detail, there is one point I would submit for consideration at your meeting. Surely it is unwise and unsafe to transfer the control of education from bodies elected for that purpose aloes to bodies appointed for totally different objects. , "Wee (AM:ileum.) Year by year our ideas as to what comes ' within the scope of our local authorities are widening, and there is already danger of thee* bodies haying toe much work thrown upon them. But so far the &Wee have been of a Oltnilar character, The man who can look after roads and sewers can undertake the manage- ment of trams, water and gas undertakings. But he Islay be absolutely unfitted to superintend elucation, while on the other hand the men best qualified to look after education may be totally unsuited for the other duties affecting the health and well-being of the rate- Payers. To thrust duties requiring different qualifioa- tions upon one set of men may b 3 to the detriment both ef education and other local work. (Applause.) The ' financial provisions in addition to being totally leads- elute are contrary to every canon of sound finance. In this, and, indeed, in every aspect of the case, the object et the Bill MIMS to ha to etunt rather than to foster the spread of good education. Will Warringtonatsat and 10055 mit to such insidioue attempts to Play f with the most vital interests of the country it she!) we emphatically refuse to countenance then ? (Applause.) OTHER LETTERS. sympathy Alderman Roberts wrote :—I am in entire with the cause and wish it every success." The Rev J P Matthews wrote:—"My absence from horns • on holiday makes it impossible for me tie be preseat at the Education gathering in Parr Hall this evening. MY own regret.that the Anglican clergy as a body—with the Bishops at their head—do not seem to see the monstrous injustice of the Bill now before the House of Commons, le very deep. Nor do they seem to understand the Free Church position at all. There remains for us, first, to strike a deadly blow at the Bill,for the further anomalies it will introduce into our Educational eysteme if allowed te pass. Secondly, to convince the generals public that the proposed new educational machinery would prove in many of its aspects cumbrous and unworkable. Thirdly, that we do not intend to have sectarian rated-aided schools witheut absolute nubile control. And finally, as Free Churahmen,we do not mean to have our rights even invaded for the sake of saving the hi- e efficient voluntary eahool system. I am convinced that if this Bill passes, not only will Free Churchman as a body resist the payment of the rates, but it will be the beginning of the end of the monopoly which a State- , established church has for years enjoyed over the educa-

1 Lieu of the couet-y. And I feel bound to add that in my opinion it 'will lead to a complete severance of the English Church from Parliamentary control." Mr F Stott, secretary of the Trades and Labour Coun- cil, wrote .—'' I regret that it is our monthly =nein on the dato of your meeting, which is unfortuisete, for we should have liked to hay, been represeuted on the platform, and in that way to have ehewa our oppesieion to the underneeretie and re-actionary proposals of this ' strongest Government of modern time." THE CHAIEMAN AND THE BILL"EDUCATIONILLY UNSOUND AND DENOMINATIONALLY UNJUS T." To' CIIAIRMAN, who was received witn appleune,said: —" It may appear somewhat &caviar Co some, the' you should have one presiding to-nightiwho has never before taken any part in the poitical, mueicioal, or sociel life of your town. If any explanation is required it malt ho found in the fact, that I am hero by the ap- pointment of the ITCSM Church Council of toe town and district who have called this ineetme, together, ad else in toe ?act that I am constraiaecl by the iaterest that I have seer given to siticet anal matters. It has barn quite imposeible for me to keep silent when the progress towards a national system of popularly controlled education which we have been making during the last thirty years is eadangered, an I a COIC:ilfl ar; measure is proposed, which, if carried out, in the form it is sug- gested, will, in the words of Lord Rosetery, • have toe effect of eternising national education for generations to come.' (Appleuse.) It has been my good fortune to be able to travel very widely during the last ten years' to visit many lands both ins the old world and the new, foreign countries as WM as our own colonies. In my travels I have always made it a point to study the educational system and conditions, and the progress made in these different countries. My opinion is, and it in one that is confirmed by every traveller who takes the trouble to contrast the status of education, say in countriee like Switzerland, Canada, New Eagland, and iudeed all the States of the Union,with that of our land; that in many respects we have fallen behind, and that w , haee at the present time a great deal of leeway to make up. (Rear, hear.) And I have further noticed that the couatries which compare most favourably with our own, and stand to the front in eduoitionsl advancement, are those in which the schools and the education given in them are in the hands of the people, and the countries that are most backward and making least advancement are those in which the education is in the hands of the ohurett and the priest. I one not what church or what priest. (Rear, hear.) It matteza littie whether Anglican, Roman, or Wesleyan. Almost invariably the interest of their particular church stands first, and when the question cornea up as to precedence of interest, the interest of educa- tion has to take Fleeced place. Th 9 commercial and industrial cilassi,s in this country are at present crying out against the encroachment of America in ths realm of our national industries notasly in on inectiou with shipping during the lest few weeks. Mark my words, this challenge to our industries it only its ite initial stage, it will go on, and the competition will become more severe, and unlets we speedily set about equipping our youths with a hatter intellectual training t ) meet nie, we shall be beaten in this isdustrial:vrar.(lapplause.) Now if we seek the groat reason, for the advancement of America, I do not say the only reason bet tne chief one, you will find it in the fact, that, for the last few decades, America has outpaced us in the mental train- ing Of her sons and d tughters, by a system of education which has been untrammelled by clerical influence, which has had behind it the mighty impelling, vitalizing force of popular enthusiasm and popular soatrel. Coming back as I did from this coon 1.3, a few months ago, and learning that an effort was to be made by the Government to improve our national system, you can understand with what hope and fear I looked forward to this Government Bill, and my disappointment when it was made clear that instead of a measure to streng- then popular control, and encourage the peuple to interest themselves in the education of their children, a measure was proposed which was popular only in the sense that we must all pay for it, but the general tend- ency of which was to take away from the people any direct management or control. This Bill in its present form (end it is so bad that we despair of making any- thing of it by amendment) is a measure which is educationally unsound and denominationally unjust, and as such should be rejected not only by this meeting but by the natian. (Applause.) SPEECH BY DR. GIBSON.

Dr Ginson, who had a hearty rec.ptieo,alluded at the outset to his stay in Amerioa, and stated that although a BcotBman:he was half an American. (Laughter.) He was an admirer of the American School system and he was desirous of seeing a better educational system in this country. The two ideals which were held in regard to the school qusstio3 were, on the on hand, that of a national school system, and, on the other, that of a denominational system. Which was educationally sound ? A united effort was likaly to be more efficient than a scattered one. Oao heeitated to talk ab iut expense in connection with the question of education, yet when they thought of what had been spent on the war they ceold realise what even a tithe of it would have done if given to education. (Hear, hear.) Did they think it would be economical to have all the different denominations with their separate schools ? If education was to be denominational, it must be denomi- national all round. The idea was absurd. It meant ruin to education and ruin to financo, too. (Hear, hear.) The Bill was confessedly a denominational Bin and as such it stood condemeed. It was a complicated Bill and very difficult to understand. He dareeay he had read it half a dozen times and he did not profess to be thoroughly at the bottom of it yet. The schedules were eapecially difficult to understand. Be met a Conserva- tive who was also an Anglican and an educa- tional expert for 25 years. That gentleman told him (Dr Gibson) that he had made a special study of the schedules, and he defied any man in the British Isles to understand them. (Laughter.) Whole pages of the Act of 1870 that was so carefully drawn up and the result of suck careful consideration between the two ;airtime, were repealed. The Geivernrnent were pushing the Bill through Parliament by means of the closure. The word had evidently gone round to the Government supporters " Don't say anything," for they were silent. The friends of the Free Churches and of a national system of education were on the other hand doing splen- didly ia the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) The clauses of the Bill were not in the imperative mood. Everything was in the potential mood " may, may, may have the right " never " must." (Applause.) The Government were not very eager for educational effici- ency when they put the Bill in the potential mood. The Bill practically did nothing far secondary edueation,and for elementary edncation it was the beginning of a pro- Ce3l for destroying it. The Bill would abolish the One authority which had beea conspieuously successful—the

===== 0002601_19020613_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MOIOXMIIM

===== 0002601_19020613_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW BEVERAGE.

-- Profaggor GOodfilloW FaVe :—"I have carefully. analysed the Cambridge Lemonade with entirely setts factory results. It is the nearest approaoh I have ever examined to the beverage made from the fresh fruit. I has reached the highest standard in purity and excel- o n lence." Cambridge Lenteangeivisguacraarneftueelldy tPrepared from contai the Sicilian Lemons, natural refreshing constituents of the fresh ripe fruit. It is also free from any added acid or other injurious ingredient. 50. per bottle to make two gallons. Chime and Sens, Ltd., Histon, Cambridge.

School Board—and yet it was to be abolished by a stroke of the tO3O. The II aard seheele late been at work for more then 30 years, and yet Mr Balfour said " YOA WOU:d not expel: us to set aside. the County Councils, I who have shoe such a good work for secondary elucas time and technia al education ?" and teen he Curried round aa.ad struck out the authority that had been doing splen lid work tar 30 years. (Applause.) He (Dr Gib- son) had not a word to say againes the Coun:y Councils, but they were burdened with so many other things. Tee !Bill was permissive there, too, and the Geverament were afraid that Some of the County Ceuncile did Oct serene to take up the work, and, there- fore. the Bishops said " You must make it cempulsory." The Bill WAS also educationally unsound in the respect that it removed 90 rneuy of the echools further away from popular control. (Applause.) It perpetuated the management which had been the worst and mulsiplied the inferior sceoole, while there would be a diminution and, he fearee, superteeien of the superior schools, He was profoundlr distressed at the new stirring up of:sectarian strife—(eppleuse)—and that abiefly because there were so many hopefel hadica- dens in the air. S)ma people thought the Free Church Council were antagonistic to the Church of Eoglaue. Never. (Applause.) They might be antagonistic to Romanist:Land te the Remenisin that was to toe Church of Erie:lane, but as far as the Church of England was as it ought to be,e Protestant church,an evangelical church, they wantei to stand side by side. (Applause.) And their platform was wide enoueh to embrace them al!. Ner would they ask them to come in at the tail lout to stand at the front, and yet this wretched Bill came and introduced this wretched sectarian discord. (Applause.) The extraordinary thine was that they (the Ftea Churches) were blamed for it. (Laughter) In 1662, the Church of England cast out 2,000 of the very best of her sons, and then turned round and called them schismatics. Who were the schiemetice, those who drove them out or those wbo went out ? It was the same to-day, when Free Churchmen were blamed for introducing sectarian bitterness. They had net introduced it. Let them con- trast the conduct of the present Government with that of 1870 when the advocates of a natioeal education were in power. What did they do? Did they say we will put it through, We have the majority- No ! They conferred with the other side. They had long consulta- tions with them and went so far to meet their views that they were accused of giving up the case. After the compromise had been arrived at they gave the church party a breathing time in order that the heelede of the Established Church might not be taken by sur- prise. The church party took advantage of it for their own good. They built more schools than they were able to support. Hence there wee an " intoler- able strain." But how did the. Government of to-slay treat the advocates of a national system ? Not a word of consultation had there lenan 'Their views, as members of the Fres Churches, though they had made them known, had been taken no notice of. The Government had taken counsel with tha ex- trernest men in the Church ministry, and with laymen who had a special bins like Lord Halifax and Athelsten Riley. The majority in the House of Commons by which the Bill was being carried, was a majority tor the pur- pose of finishing mettere in South Africa. There were Weenie& of people all over the land who voted for the supporters of the Government, wise were new feeling sold 08 account of the Education Bill. The people some time ago went to the poll and voted for the Govern- ment because it was contended that it was not wise to " swop horses while crossing the stream." That was why the Government were voted for, and now the ' People felt that they had been betrayed. Tnerefore the best thing was to keep writing letters to their members of Parliament. Let those who voted for the supporters of the Government write to their representatives in Parliament saying "I voted for you at the laet election simply on the ground that I did not want to mske any change in the administration when we were in that South Afriean crisis but if, I had underetold that your vote was going to be used for carrying such an iniquitous Bill as the Education Bill I would taws,. have voted: and you are betraying me." (Applause.) The Church of England on the whole had opposed the cause of national education. When a bill passed the House of Cerninens enabling rateeayers in each parish to set no a parish school, it was throws out of the House of Lords by the Archbishop of Canterbury bedeues it was not for the interests of the Church. In 1803, Joseph Lancalter' a member of the Secietv of Friends, when lee 3 found that it was impossible to get a national system of education commenced to ss.tablish schools in a voluntary way. He started with a large ideal of ministering to the educa- tional wants of the whole nation. He did not want to convert the children into a little Socie'y of Friends but hc eateblisleed the British and Foreign- Schsol Society. This Church of England party did not want it at all. They hold aloof and put their foot on the movement. But when they saw it was going to be a success they decided to establish separate schools of their own. They were the Schismatics. They were not turned out, they went out and established a separate thing of their owe and called it the National Society for Proutotiug the E location of the Poor it. the Principles of the Es- tablished Church. Lencaster set before them the educa- tion of the people. The eeparatiete sot before them the training of the children in the principles of the Clients of England. That had been their object all through, He (Dr Gibson) did not say the Church party hed net done geed work for the education of the nation but their main motive had been training thorn in the principles of the Church of England and they had been generously helped by the Legislature. (Hear, hear). Lot them contrast the action of the Church of England with that of the Presbyterian Church in Scotland. The Presbyterians had been doing the Renee thing in Scotland and all the schools were under Presby- terian management, but they gave the schools up and handed them over to the public for public control. (Applause). That was what he (Dr Gib See) celled generosity. (Hear, hear). Why would net the Church of England trustithe people ?If the Established Church— what right had it to be established only in so far as it was the church of the people ? If it Was the church of the people why Was it afraid to trust the people in the matter of education? Phe Presbyterians were not.the Con- gregationalists were not, neither were the Wesleyaes or the other Noneenformist bodies. If there was a national system aof education In England we should not only be abreast of Germany and the United States but above all of them. (Hear, hear.) The church perty sometimes spoke as if they had bad unjust treatment. But he (Dr Gibson) could not see where the injustice,camn Starting with a grant of one-third of the cost of educa- tion "hey were receiving to-day more than three-fourths of the expense, or in other words the grants to voluntary schools had risen front £580,000 to £4,700,000. rely had been treated with amazing generosity by the people. (Hear, hear.) Referring to the c declaiming and formularies taught in voluntary schools, Dr Gibson gave extracts rfro-n some of the catechismeinuse in Church of England land Roman:Catholiclichoole to; which it was taught that Nonconformists were guilty of the sin of schism. Aqui. ing to the composition of the propesed educational authority, Dr Gibson said the elected representatives would by statute alwaye be in a minority' That he considered was an insult to the people. (near, hear.) They as Free Churchmen asked for justice. The Remanising movement Was making progreei. The promoters had captured the majority of the clergy, but thank God not the laity. This Educa- tion Bill wars an attempt to capture the children all over I the land, and they must resist it to the death.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tiMsidagl

===== 0002601_19020613_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020613_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FILE EXAMINE, FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1902.

its success. The clsrgy could not stand it, they could not rejoice in it and be glad that the children of working men had at last an education that had never been given in this country before except through the Board Sehools. That was the position of things in the main, and they wore determined to capture the children at the public ex penee and to putetbeir own schools on a level with the Board Schools as far as finances ware concerned. That was the real origin of the Bill. (Applause.) He did not think the Goverement would have brought forward the Bill if the clergy had not been behind them. Ten thousand petitions were sent in the month of November to Mr Self our to push on the measure. How eager they were to make hay while the E un shone! What did the Bill propose to do ? aplenty Councils were the new authotitien. Tee School Boards were to be dis- solved, dethroned. Wier ? Because they were too sue- cessfal. There was no other reason that ceuld possibly be given. For hie part if he had an authority to select he would select those whe hod an experience in educa- tional matters, and who had proved by their success: that they knew how to manage education work. Coun- cils could not be experts in education bet apprentices. The Government had made a gigantic mistake in dismissing the Sehool Boards. The committee to whom would be delegated the work of education would not be respons:ble to the County Ceuceil that created it. He contended that every com- mittee should be responsible to the Council. The com- mittee would not he directly elected by the people and a large proportion of the members would beoutside gentle- men who might have a knowledge of or a taste for educational matters or might not. Fla held that such a committee was not qualified to superintend the educa- tion of a whole county or a big borough, and to superintend secondary education is part. Members of county and borough councils had already enough to do. If they had a Board:compoeed entirely of educationalists and experts they would have enough to do. Education Iva.] worth a board for itself. (Applause.) Under the Bill, the power of appointing teachere belonged to the old managers, and the placer of teaohing what dogmas they pleased was theirs. He did not believe in sacerdotal theories ; he did not believe a mail had a right to call kimaelf a priest. He did not think a man had tho right to assume that he was superior to any one else, except in character, service, and sacrifice. If , he was superior in that respect, he (Mr Cameron) honoured him, but if he assumed the title of priest officially and used it purely as an external title, he for one, denied the theory, and every Norma- formiet denied it. At least 700,000 children of Dissentere attended church schools. Were they excused tey the conscience clause? Were they sent into a separate room? Here was the testimony of one of the Diocesan inspectors of schools, and when he (the speaker) read it he was aetonished. The Inspector said

_ - - " Our syllabus is always arranged so as to tive distinctive denominational instruction. I always saw it was given w'-en I was diocesan inspector, and always asked the children, chiefly the children of Nonconformist parents, questions bearing upoa it. This is the case throughout Lincolnshire. Thus, in fact, we're training the children of Nonconformists to be children of the Church." Dissenters had borne this for a quarter of a century,and he thought it was timl they told the Church party that they would not bear it any longer. (Applause.) He contended that for church people to say they were offeaded at having to pgy a School Board rate was absurd, as they could: make use of the schools like anyone else. If the clergy wanted dogmas taught let them preach them and teach them. and become heroes and martyrs in their propagation,but the meanest thing they could do was to ask a mass of the popelation to pay for it who did not believe in it. (Hear, hear.) They wanted the breath of popular opinion, an eye upon public men and a scrotinv as to how the money was to he speet. He knew of no higher method of government in this world than the will of the people. They could do smonthing towards mending or ending this Bill. Tne most effective ;method was to write to toeir member personally. He knew their member, and be thought he would be amenable if he found that the majority of the people of this great borough were against the Bill because they believed in education more than the clergy, and that he would either abstain from voting or would votes; they wished. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19020613_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH R.Y MR. CA.MERON, M.P.

, Mr E CAMERON, P, then addressed the meeting. de I said he was very'aorry thatjthere were mania the present I century who were to exclusive, and could not grasp the national idea, aed the true idea of education, but 'could only see through clerical spectacles. He thought th.ir ' (the Nonconformists') duty was to see that whatev:r happened they would not allow the clergy to hinder the education of England any longer. The claims put forward by the clergy were now understood to be essentially sectarian, or, should he call them essentially selfish. That being the case, the Free Churches eared •for Eogland, and they cared for English children. They knew that the fatter° of England would be in the children's hands, that education was essential to our national well being and progress, and that without true manhood, physically and mentally, we should not be able to hold our own with neighboaring nations. They believed, and he thought it had been proved by Dr Gibson, that the clergy had bean a hind- rance to true education in this country, and if this Bill was carried there was no guarantee that there would ba more efficiency, better learning or scholarship in the schools. ./t the beginning of the last century when there was little education, the English were behind the Scotch by half • century and more, as they were satisfied with the schoolmaster with one leg and one arm and en old dame—(laughter)—who knew her letters and little more, (Renewed laughter,,, But the Scotch had parish schools. The Scotch clergy believed in educe- I Coo, national education, manly education, In the II education of every faculty that man had to train. so that I he might be able ta fight the battle of life. (Cheers). Scotland had inherited a passion and faith in eduestiom which England never had had. Even Sir John Gorst told them lately that the squire and the farmer did not believe much in education. What a scandalous con- fession Referting to religious teaching in the seheols the speaker said he wondered that the clergy could not tee how little the eateohism had done to convert ohil- dren to their religion. He believed that the Bible' was 11 the beet school book they could possibly have, and thet a parable of the Founder of their religion, or a psalm of David was worth all the Catechisms put • together. (ipplause.) Referring ta the establish- merit of the voluntary system, Mr Cameron said the Natienal Church was rich ; seheels were built, and the State helped the clergy to build thorn and gave them nearly three-fourths of the money for the purpose. Colleges were opened with teachers of their own type, teachers who were Church teachers. It had come to the crisis at last. The Board sokools were out-rivalling them, winning the race, turning out splendid scholars, and some of the pupils were actually going to the univeesities. It was therefore said "This , must not be allowed to go en." Be (Mr Cameron) imputed that the main motive for the Bill was sheer jealously of the clergy of the Beard School system. (Cheers). The only sin of the Board School systern was

===== 0002601_19020613_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
OrHER SF'EECRES.

Mr E J Gum p-re-/;-oied ":1---7.7fh—s-t-t-his meeting hereby earnestly protests against the Education Bill now before Parliament,because it strikes at the principle of religious equality, repudiates the right of direct control which 'should accompany paymoat of rates and taxes' fails to provide adequate representative management of schools, imp3see civil disability on many whom it debars by reason of sectarian tests from entering the teaching pro- fession, and dually it takes away from women the right to he directly elected to the educitional authlritr." Th 3 Rev CHARLES FINCH s.eenled. Be said they believed that the Bill was absolutely unjust, unjust to the children, unjust t the harm% unjust to the rate- payers, unjust to the FlO3 Caurchmen of the country, and unjust to the nation, and it mute ba resisted t 3 the death. (Applause)' Tha Rev JOHN Yoxes in supportieg, remarked that he said ditto to nearly everything that had been said that night. Be rejoiced exeeedingly to hear the clear state- ments made to them by the gentlemen who had addressed them, and he hoped their words would have an educe"- tional effect upon the people there and thlFe who would read the reports in the local pipers. He was perfectly sure it would do a large amount of good, and he hoped their friends on the other side would nut be hurt by any- thing that had been said, or irnsgine that it had been laid t any other spirit than that of a. desire for truth, justice and the great cause of eduction. (Applause). Teie resolution was then put to the meeting and irried with one dimeentient.

Oa the motion'of the Rev J L MILNE seconded by Councillor James Evays, a vote of thanks was passel to the Chairman and speakers. Copies of the resolution will be gent to the Right Hon. Arthur J Ifour, the Right Hon. Sir Henry Campbell- Bannerman, Mr Robert Pierpoint, M.P., and Colonel Richard Paklagton, M.P.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. Morley Stevenson and the Religious Difference.

Special eervices in aid of the day schools were held at St. James Church, Latchford, on Sunday. In the morning the preacher was the Rev M)rley Stevenson, Principal of the Training College, who took as his text : " And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man." The preacher said a churce without a School was sadly handicapped, for the achool was the nursery in which the principles of church teach- ing must be given if they were to b 3 put in practice in later life. The scho els of the parish were excellent in every way ;in buildiog, in staff and in results, as was shown by the receet report In the Parish Magazine. Such a work deserved the help of all who had it in their power to help. Turning from the subject of these particular schools, be passed to the Iconsideration of the education question, which he de- fined as a perfecting of the whole nature—body soul and /Title The text, gave them the key to the whole question. Christ had left the pattern in that as in every- thing else. Ile increased "iu stature ;" the body grew and was perfected ; "in wisdom " She intellectual powers were developed ; and the spiritual part of His nature grew so as ta be "in favour with God sod man." That threefold education was what was aimed at in school% Teachers studied the laws of health and tried to apply them in dealing with trig children. The build- ings were made as perfect as possible from • sanitary I point of view. All care was taken to train and develop the mind, and every good teacher strove to educate the highest part of the nature---his soul—ind to in ake kin honeet,true,temperate and God-fearing. The future of education in this country was causing great anxiety at present. The feeling about the Education Bill was very strong. Many were opposed to it, and it was greatly to be hoped that the Churchpeople, if they entered into the controversy, would approach the sub- ject with self-control, patience.. and justice. By that means many of the difficulties might be removed. There were two great principles to be contended for which must not be given up. Toe first was religious education in which they demanded the right to bring up a child in the religious principles of this parent, and while ready to extend t 3 others what they clainasd for themselves, must be prepared to stand up for that principle through all diffieultiee ; secondly, their share of the public money. Objectors to the Bill said that it was not fair to help the Church out of rate- payers' money. Two-thirds of the rates of this country came out of the pockets of Church people, and they asserted their right to a share. Though much more might be said on the subject, be thought the pulpit was the place for spiritual teaching, rather than for dealing with political matters, so he would conclude with one lesson which all might draw from the text he had chosen. They were all children In one sense, and their life here was a his icing for eternity. They must make the most of the school-times and strive to grow —physi- cally, mentally, and spiritually—keeping their bodies in health to do God's work, aid using for His glory and the good of others the mind Ile had given, and living the spiritual life of Elia children, grow,se, " in favour with God and man."—The preacher at the evening ser- vice was the Rev G B Thurston, rector of Lymm. Special psalms and children's hymns were sung. Mr F Bectb presided at she organ.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TO THIRSTY SOULSI

The most wholesome of all summer drinks is Lemon- ade. Two gallons can be made t) perfection from a 41d bottle of " Eiffel Tower Lemonade." The finest Messina Lemons are used ih its manufacture. Dr A B Griffiths, the famous food analyst, says, "It is im- possible to produce Lemonade of a higher standard of exaellence." A 411 Bottle makes two gallons. Also use EIFFEL TOWER LEMON JELLIES.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal:

A marriage has been arranged between Andley, second son of Sir James Blyth, Bart., of Blytbwood Stanstead, Essex, and 33, Portland Place, and Effie, youngest daughter of Sir John Brunner, Bart., M.P., and Lady Brunner, of Druids Cross, Liverpool and 9, Ennismore Gardens,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHITRCIIES AND THE EDUCATION BILL.

INTERVIEW WITH THE REV. THOMAS LAW.

• The National Free Church Council, of which the Rev. Thomas Law is General Secretary, has taken a foremost place in the a:dtation against the Government's Education Bill. At several of its annual meetings the Council has stated its position on the Education Question— universal School Boards in areas of sufficient magnitude, and no public money with- out public Control. The Bill now before the House of Commons proposes the destruc- tion of School Boards and the support of sectarian schools from the rates without any real or effective contrel by the ratepayers. The Free Churches are up in arms against a Bill embodying these and other obnoxious principles; and the National Council, repre- senting as it does 800 local Councils' with which are affiliated all the Evangelical Free Church denominations of England and Wales, has, naturally, taken its place at the head of the opposition against the Bill. Desiring full information of the operations and plans of the Council, I grasped the opportunity of a short conversation with the Rev. Thomas Law. ' "What is the latest action of the National Council against the Bill ?" I asked Mr. Law. "I may tell you at once," he remarked, " that I have just received a letter from Mr. A. J. Balfour, in which he says he will be happy to receive a deputation of the National Council on the Education Bill. The interview will take place at the House of Commons. I cannot give you the date yet. Mr. Balfour has suggested the 12th of June, but he is willing to consult the eonvenience of the Committee. You know we leave already waited upon the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons. We shall present before the Leader of the House of Commons a united front of opposition to the Bill."

"Are the Councils and Churches taking up the matter thoroughly?" "Yes, with the greatest earnestness and en- thusiasm. I see my friend, Dr. Clifford, has been saying that the country has never been so deeply stirred within his recollection. That is my experience, too. Letters are pouring into my office at the Memorial Hall by every post from all parts of the country, containing strong resolutions by local Councils and Churches, and proving that they are rousing i their neighbourhoods n the most effective fashion. What has greatly surprised one, too, is that many organisations not directly con- nected with the National Council are sending us their resolutions and telling us what steps they are taking against the Bill Innumerable suggestions are being received at the Central Office from'all parts of the country as to methods of conducting the campaign. All these are carefully considered, and, where practicable, adopted. The prominent leaders of the Free Churches are devoting all their time, apart from their Church work, to this great fight, and have placed themselves at the disposal of the National Council for meetings in any part of the country. Among ministers there are such men as Revs. Dr. .Clifford, R. J. Campbell, M.A., J. Hirst Hollowell, Dr. Aked, J. Scott Lidgett, M.A., Dr. Horton, Silas K. Hocking, C. Silvester Horne, MA., Dr. Townsend, Dr. Monro Gibson, Dr. Meharry, J. D. Jones, M.A., 8.D., Dr. Mackennal, Charles H. Kelly, Bernard J. Snell, J. H. Jowett, M.A., W. Cuff, and many others. I need hardly say that our leadinglaymen are heart and soul with us and meetings all over England are being addressed by the following, awing others: Messrs. R. W. Perks, M.P., George White, M.P., A. E. Hutton, M.P., W. S. Caine, M.P., Henry Broadhurst, M.P., Lloyd George, M.P., J. Compton Rickett, M.P., Dr. Massie, Percy W. Bunting, M.A., J. Carvell Williams, Albert Spicer, Robert Whyte, and Alderman Duckworth. I am myself visit- ing every part of the Kingdom and can testify that everywhere a great tide is rising." "What steps are the Councils taking besides holding public meetings ?" "Well,' replied Mr. Law, "besides the central meetings they are holding gatherings all over their areas. For instance, the Northum- berland and Durham Federation has held or arranged for 100 meetings. Leeds Council, too' has organised sixty meetings against the Bill. i And the campaign s being conducted on the same scale all over the country. Many of the town Councils are holding meetings in every church, and the rural Councils are carrying the agitation into every village, and in nearly every case crowds assemble, even when there are no speakers from a distance. The man in the street and the working man are thoroughly awake. Indeed, we have organised quite a number of meetings purely for working men, and have supplied speakers for them. Nothing could be more wide of the mark than to suggest that this is a manufactured agitation. The fact is that our great difficulty is to keep pace with the country." "Yes," continued Mr. Law, in answer to a question, "the campaign is imposing an enor- mous burden of correspondence upon the central office, but the work is of the utmost im- portance. We perceived from the first how serious was the situation created by the Bill, and at very short notice we organised the great con- ference of Free Church Councils which was held at St. James's Hall on April 15. One cannot too strongly emphasise the representative character of that gathering. It was something to crowd St. James's Hall at a week-day after- noon, but our assembly was a great deal more than a public meeting. Each of the representa- tives brought a mandate from his local Council with him. The Councils in all parts of England had sent their chosen leaders to utter their voices in righteous condemnation of an attempt to place the education of the people in the hands of the priests and to make the whole nation pay towards the teaching of dogmas which half the nation rejects. The influence of that gathering has been felt ever since in every part of the land." "That conference took a very strong and straight line r "Yes, it did," replied Mr. Law, emphatically, "and one of the strongest points in the resolu- tions was that the revolutionary changes in the Bill were not submitted to the country for approval at the last General Election, and that, consequently, the present Parliament holds no -mandatls from the people to deal with educa- tion. A speaker at a public meeting the other day said: • I voted for the Government at the last election because of my views on the war. I am utterly opposed to the Education Bill. Many of you,' he said to his audience, are in I the same case. You supported the Govern- ment candidate because you believed that the war was just and necessary. You never dreamed that the educational system of the country was to be overturned, and you hate the present Bill. You must write and tell your member that this feeling is very strong every- where."

"And how did you proceed after the St. James's Hall conference ?" I asked Mr. Law. "We have been engaged without ceasing since April 15 in the work of agitating and educating. We sent out a circular to all our local Councils, giving them hints and suggestions, which have been universally followed—public meetings, open-air meetings, letters to members of Parlia- ment, village meetings, and the passing of reso- lutions at Church meetings—these were among the methods of work suggested. And just a few days ago we sent a letter to every Free Chunk 'there 22 Beemlity

A ree *reps en the toother66. every morning

,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will Sweeten thn Breath all &ay. and make all the difference bee tween—

Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. Whiti Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Pretty Teeth and tier Teeth. Complete in Toilet ',ee. UN* rowdas. lado—

minister in England, strongly urging him to bring the proposals of the Government before his congregation at the earliest possible date, either at a Sunday service or a special meeting of the members."

"I believe, too, you have distributed a consider. able quantity of literature against the Bill." "Ah, yes," said Mr. Law, "we have already distributed gratis millions of our paw- phlets and leaflets throughout the country. That has been a very heavy, serious drain on our esources. First of all, we printed an account of the St. James's Hall Conference together with the adopted resolutions. Besides that, we have issued eight leaflets. Dr. Town- send, our President, has written on How to defeat the Education Bill,' Prof. J. S. Banks, the President-elect of the Wesleyan Conference, on The Duty of the Nation,' Mr. George White, M.P., the Vice-President of the Baptist Union, on 'An Unwarranted Attack on Free Church- men,' Dr. Clifford on Clericalism and the Edu- cation-Bill,' and the Rev. J. Scott Lidgett, M.A., on The Education Bill and Secondary Education.' Other leaflets are entitled, 'The Education Bill: A Clear Summary of its Pro- visions,'Endowing the Parson's Schools,' and Reasons for Ending the Education Bill.' These leaflets are going out in immense quanti- ties daily. A large staff is at work at the Central Offices day and night despatching them. The demands for this literature come from all quarters." "You mentioned the drain on the National Council's resources. Does that cause you any anxiety, Mr. Law ?" "Not anxiety, quite. But it is undoubtedly a serious business. We have spent hundreds of pounds in organising and in the distribution of literature, and up to the present this has had to be Met in the main from our own ordinary resources. Ido not think our people fully realise how enormous is the outlay in conducting a campaign of this sort. We have issued an appeal, signed by our officers, which I hope will bring this home to them. We have every confidence that our friends will take care that the success of our campaign is not endangered Ly lack of funds. We have the men, the machinery, the en- thusiasm. All we need is money. Several thousands are wanted immediately. If a hun- dred well-to-do Free Churchmen would each give us £5O or £lOO, and give unit immediately, I should be immensely relieved. Our poorer friends are doing nobly. A lady has just written to me to say that she has no money, but will gladly send on her humble stock of jewellery, a few working men in a country church have sent on Ils. 6d., and a poor working woman has sent half-a-guinea. Oh no ," said Mr. Law, eagerly, "I believe in the generosity of Free Churchmen. When they understand how heavy our outlay is, they will respond to our appeal. But certainly our immediate needs are great." "And if the Bill passes, Mr. Law," I asked, "what then ?"

"Well," replied Mr. Law, thoughtfully, "if the Bill passes we shall be ready. Our:resources are not exhausted. We are prepared for any emergency, and if our friends in the country will realise that to fight their battle costs money, and will keep us supplied, I have not the shadow of a doubt as to the result."

The amount that is immediately needed, having regard to the resources of Free Church- men and the immense importance of the issues at stake, is not large. It is very necessary that while the Bill is being discussed, clause by clause, in the Hume of Commons the work of educating and agitating should Le continued unceasingly throughout the country. It is admitted on all hands that up to the present the National Council has proved adequate to the immense demands made upon it, and what it has been able to do, with its ordinary re- sources, is a promise of what it will accomplish if adequate financial help is forthcoming. Sub- scriptions should be sent to the Chairman of the Finance Committee, Alderman Evan Spicer, J.P., L.C.C. ; or to the General Secretary, Rev. Thomas Law, at the Memorial Hall, Farringdon- street, London, E.C. •

===== 0002601_19020613_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
GARTER'S

Small Pill. '3mall Doze. ' Price

Isbsch.. cure Sick Headache, Viliousness, Torpid Liver. Indi- istitn, Constipation, Dizziness. irred Teague, They Touch the er. en b. pun saar 4RO ROZZIEL,

ITTLE IVER ' PILLS tau 111tely

===== 0002601_19020613_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INCURABLE DISEASE CURED.

They say Bright's Disease is incurable. It is not. There are many instances where Dodd's Kidney Pills have completely and effectively cured Bright's Dimas, - as they cure any disease due to weak or diseased kidneys. Mrs E. Fretwel/, of 12, Ellerby-lane, Leeds, was cured ,of Bright', Disease by Dodd's Ki-:ney Pills. At the Uncle Infirmary she was told that she had Bright'. Disease. She was there thirteen weak., and was dis- charged as incurable. Mrs Fretwell was not incurabl.. She is now as well a ever she was. Dodd's Kidney Pills cured bet. She is anxious that her experience should be known worlds wide; her condition was so hopeless. Do you suffer P Kidney disease brings all aorta of trouble—PaintilZin the back, rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, gout, diabetes, heart aZection, and lastly dropsy and Bright's Dissaile. You cure them all by curing the kidne:e. Tory cannot exist if the kidneys are well, and Dedd's Kidney Pills make the kidneys well. Thousands have tried them and teen freed from pain after years of suffering. Dodd's Kidney Fins are 2. 9d per box, of all chemists, or post free on receipt of price from The Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farringdan Avenue, London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

CORONATION HYMNS. 0 Lord of Hosts, to Thee we sing

In strains of exultation ! With loyal hearts we greet our King, And hail big coronation. On King and Queen lav Thou Thy hand, And bind them to our Fatherland By vows of Consecration ! Thy lave bath compassed all our days With mercies great and tender : When danger darkened 311 our ways Thy shield was our defender. For all the good Thy love bath brought, For every great deliverance wrought, 0 Lord, our thanks we render ! In Thee, 0 Lord we trust alone The Rock of our Salvation! Establish Thou our ancient throne Upon a sure foundation! Thy troth alone can make us great, Strong, peaceful, wise, compassionate A just and righteous Nation ! 0 God, the Father, guide the King, And aid each higla endeavour ! 0 God the Sm, around him fliog _

Thine arms Of love forever ! 0 God the Spirit. be his stay ! Grant him in Thine eternal day, A mown that fadeth never ! ALFRED CO RNRY

W&rrington.

0 Heavenly Father. maker of all things. Creator of this universe and King of kings, Look down this day from Thy Throne on high. Upon the thousands assembled and drawn nigh. And witness in Thine Houle of Prayer, The crowning of King Edward and His Consort there. 0 Blessed Jesus Fountain of all life, Redeemer of the world, and Healer of all strife Pour out upon our gracious Sovereign, And on His beloved Consort Queen, Enthroned together in Thine House below, The richest blessings that Thou canst bestow. 0 Gentle Spirit, Eternal God of Love. Proceeding from the Father and the Son above, Pour out the radiance of Thy light divine, Sweet essence of Thy wondrous power benign, Upon our Sovereigns'. children and oar home This day, a ne'er to be forgotten one. Almighty Father wi givo thanks to Thee. In fervent prayer and praise and ell sincerity, For Thy great mercy shown in granting Peace, And hope through Edward's reign all wars may cease. May Briton grasp the hand of brother Boer, In all true friendship now this war is o'er. ARTHUR J. TH3RP. 67, l'adrate-roarl, Warrington, June 9do, 1902.

BOWLING MAIN AT I" ADGATE. The first main of the season ni the Fearnhead Bowling Club was commenced last week, on the green attached to the Farmer'. Arms, and has just been brought to a cone'ution. The green was ic capital condition, and some excellent play has been witnessed. The final result Is as follows :—First prize, Mr J Wilson ; second, Mr H Bowleg ; third, Mr B Tomlinson ; fourth, Mr James Roberts ; fifth, Mr R Mercer; sixth, Mr Charles Roberts

===== 0002601_19020613_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.WV*lqact.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
"WHEN MY WIFE'S A WIDOW."

It has never been said of Irishmen that they are lack- ing in courage. On the contrary, their physical ardour not infrequently outruns their discretion; but that was net se in the case ef the man who uttexed the remark- able words at the head of this article. A private in an Irish regiment on active service in the Crimea during the terrible winter of 1854, was urged by his com- rade. to' volunteer for a very dangerous task which meant almcst certain death, and they sought to incline him to their will by telling him of the glory that would ever after attach to his name if be fell. To this the Irishman replied with the quelein : " What's the use of that to me when my wife's a widow ? " Nct much, we fear. It is the duty of every man to prevent his wile from becoming a widow as long as he possibly can. In the stress of modern civilisation the task becomes an increasingly difficult one. so that a man who succeeds in retaining sound health most be accounted wise in his day and generation. " A few Fears ago," writes Mr Wiiliam Blunn, of 24, Rednal. Brant Green, Worcs, " I began to be troubled with indigestion. Everything I ate seemed to become lodged within rce, the weight at my chest and stomach heing almost tmendt:rable. Mr heart palpitated so that I could only draw my breath with diffi- culty, particularly at night, compelling me to rise and walk about for hours together. It was not because I bad taken too much supper, for my appetite bad almost ceased and I ate barely 6UffiCient to keep me alive. My tongue was coated and an unpleasant taste always present in my mouth. Of course, I lost flesh rapidly, and became thin, weak, and sickly-looking. I consulted two doctors, but their treatment failed to benefit me, so that I went from bad to worse. But luckily for me there were people in Rednsl who knew the worth of Mother Seigsl's Curative Syrup, and I was persuaded to- give it a trial. I took two bottles of it, and they did me 60 much good that I abandoned ire use, believing I could then do without it. In this I was too hasty, and a return of my complaint compq!ed me to again resort Ito it. I therefore took four more bottlea, and conld then truthfully assert that Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup bad wrought a lasting cure. My appetite was improved, I cou:d digest my food, enjoy sound sleep, and in a few months gained eleven pounds in weight. If at any time I feel run down, a dose of it never fails to put me right again.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKINGMEN'S DWELLINGS. A Flourishing Building Society at Warrington.

The thirty,Tecond annual general meeting of the members of the Warrington Workingmen's Permanent Benefit BuiMin? Sncicty was held in Golborne-street Schoolroom on Monday evening. Mr J W Bouchier was voted to the chair, ard amengst oth.rs present were Msesra J Harding,E Wallington, E Fenton, R Isherwood, J Baxter. .1 B Starkey, R Sutton, W T Sampson, J Skelton, jun., .1 Longland. and P Dalton (secretar3 ). The CHAIRMAN said he was always sorry tbat more members did not attend the annual meeting, but they eould be certain that if the society was going at all badly there would be a larg.r attendance. The small attendance spoke well for the flourishing condition of the society.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNUAL REPORT.

The annual report was presented, and read as follows: —The managers have pleasure in laying the thirty- second annual statement of accounts before the share- holders. During the year the sum of £1,700 16a 2d hae been received as subscription+ ; £2,102 83 6d for repay- ments and interest ; and £45 12 ii entranee fee‘, fines, Ilse, making the total receipts £3,845 163 8d ; the work- ing expenses being £7o3i Id. Tee withdrawals amount to £1,943 2s lid. The sum of £2,875 has been advances to members.. There are 219 subscriber', holding 28$1 shares ; and 44 borrowers, holding 1901 shares ; making 263 members, bolding 4791 shares. The bonuses this year amount to £503 2s 61 on the amount lent, of which sum £92 is divided as profit, and £4ll 2s 6d carri, d to the prospective interest account. Under the Building Societies' Act, 1894, the eccounts of all Buildiog Societies are required to be made up in such a form, and to contain such particulars as the chief registrar of friendly societies may, with the approval of the secretary of state, direct. The form of account which has been prescribed by the chief registrar requires that the balance of capital remsining due upou the mortgage securities should be stated separately from the prospective interest thereon ; in other words, the balance of the £B2 183 (tbe nett amount advanced per £100) remaining unpaid is to be distinguished from Use balance of the £l7 103 (the bonus charge) also remain- ing unpaid. The accounts of the society for the past year have been made up on this basis, and work out as follows :—The total amount remaining owing upon wortgaers lie £10,333 be 31, of which only £9,162 10s 111 can be regarded as capital, the balance of £1,170 19s 4d reprEsAnting the prcporlionate amount of interest thereon, calculated for the number of years the several mortgages have still to run. The profits far the year, including £5 131 id from last account, after deducting working expenses, amount to £377 41 61,0ut of which the managers recommend a dividend of 4 per cent, which will take £362 131 101, leavin: a balance of £l4 103 81, which they direct to be carried forward ter next year's account. The whole of the managers retire. Messrs Harding, Wallington, Fenton, Isherwood, Ileuchier, and Baxter are elie,ible, and offer themselves for re-election. Six additional managers will be taken the regiater in rotation. James Harding,ehairman

In commenting upon the report, the Chair-Man called attcnti on to the fact that with the exception of one year the society bad ever since its formation, paid a dividend of four per cent. They would notice that the prospec- tive interest account amounted to £ll7O 193 4.1, which was equal to £ll 103 per cent. (at the total liabilities, and would be sufficient to pay a regular four per cent interest for the whole of the period of nine years and a half which it would take to wind up the Society, if it were found necessary to do so. No society was worked more economically than that society, the total wcrking expenses for the year amounting to only £7O 3e 10s1. One fact wbich he hoped the mernters would bear in mind was that the acc,etv owned no property. There were roavy people who could not understand why a. :building society should not own property, and there ' were, unfortunately many societies owning pro- perty wllich was not always of an eligible character. In that society they sold their money, so to speak, not for speculation, but with the object of en- abling working men to bccome the owners of their houses. The managers made it a rule not to lend money on property outside Warrington, in order that they might be able to inspect the property from time to time. As the managers saw that all property was sufficient security for the money they lent, the society was not likely to have any property coming into its bands. Another satisfactory feature to which he wished to call attention was that the balance at the bank, which last •

year amounted to £1,849, had during the oast year been reduced by half, and the Secretary would tell them that this year the remaining half had already beea absorbed and they bad no balance at the bank, the money having been advanced to members. It was hoped that next year they would be able to increase the dividend, as money which was bringing in only one per cent last year was now producing considerably more. Mr GREALEY moved the adoption of the report. Mr STARKEY seconded, and the motion was unani- mously carried.

THE DIVIDEND.

On the motion of Mr GRELLEY. recorded by Mr CH/R- -NOCIK, it was resolved that a dividend at the rate of four cant. be paid to the shareholders on their investments.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RETIRING MANAGERS RE-ELECTED

The fonowing retiring managers were reelected : Messrs Harding, Wallington, Fenton, leherwood. Bouchier, and Baxter.

THE SURVEYORS AND AtTDITORs.

Messrs W aid Robert Leo re-elected surveyors, and Messrs & W Howard and G Armstrong auditors for the ensuing year.

ALLOWANCE S) MANAGERS.

It was decided that a:: allowance of one shilling for each meeting phould be given to the managers for their attendance at meetings during the past year. VOTES OF TANKS.

A hearty vote of thanks wise accorded to the trustees (Memsrs3 Batton, C Haines, and J Harris-2.n) for their services. The Chairman having been thanked for presidin:, the meeting concluded.

' /11r165i;-' cHEM

===== 0002601_19020613_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST, BEST, CHEAPEST.

Nearly 300 Branches.

LOCAL ADDRESSES,

35, BRIDGE-STREHT 5, BRIDGR-STREIiI! j WARRINGTON.

ALSO AT LIVELPOOL, MANCHrt'TER, CHESTER, ETC., ETZ:,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

ilt*•nt

===== 0002601_19020613_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "o,:amtner germs

T'E WARR/NOTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." published every Saturday morning. • THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINEE," published every Friday morning. T" "WIDNES ExAmar-Esc," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINER-3. WANTEDS. TO BE LET's 18 WORDS 6 ON SALES. And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words The above ch., rges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. JOHN WALKER & CO. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Damestir Oerbants,

ANTED, GIRL tO assist servant.—KAY, 4,;Lime-road. Edge-Tane. Stretford, Manchester.

WANTED, a Strong GIRL. about 16 Protestant. —Apply 11, HOUGH-LINE. Leyland, near Preston.

VT —Apply ANTED good 01451E11AL for small family; no children. 515. MINCIIRSTER ROAD. Bury.

WANTMMEDS.suRp.:IImor il,aUrkttgeß6 foHraolnes.l‘ls4bnyc.htewsetelvre months

NyANTED, KITCHENMAID with some experience fo June 21st.—Mrs CARVER, Oakhurst, Knutsfora.

WVANTIiO (immediately),Young GIRL As General; ences requirecl.—Apply ?AIR B‘ax,Vulvr,,od,Preston.

WAND a good GENERAL SIibtVANT ; character indit- pensable.—Apply hire LONG, 23 Victoria st,Blackburn WANTIM P COOK-GENRRA.L, two in family, wages £1.3 to £22.—Apply MISS 111/DBON, 19, 'Ham street, Warrington.

WANED a good GENERAL SERVANT, able to wash.— Apply RAILWAY ROTEL,Highfield,Pemtverton Station near Wigan.

WANTBD Good E'LAIN COOK, two in family; thre servants, Dairy.—Apply lirs GARDNER, Fluke Hall near Oarstang.

BARTER'S High class Registry OFFICE •or 11. Servants. 30, Hightown, Crewe. Ladies and Servants promptly suited.

WANTED, WAITRESS. Immediately; good situation wages E2O to £25 —Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam- street, Warrington.

NIV ANTED, COOK-GENERAL ; three in family; nurse- T housemal kept.—Addrese VS HLTEFRIAI3B, Orimaargh, Preston, Lancashire.

WANTED HOUSESSAID WAITERS and Between-maid or young General ; no eooking.—Mas. SYssesi's, Beechwood. Knutsford.

WANThD, GUNBRAL to do all duties; family of three. references required.—Mrs HEAP. Holmes Villa, Thornton. Poulton-le Fylde.

WANTHD. experienced GHNHHAL, plain cooking. a2ed 20 to 3), for family of three.—Apply FARRIMOND, 16 Upper Dicconson street, Wigan

VVTANTBD GdNKRAL for family of three; good home for respectable girl.—Apply Mrs I:Ness:Norm Bank Parade. Keighley-green, Burnley.

ivANTED GIRL clean and respectable age about 17, good home for a willing girl.—Apply to URS. MULLINEUX. 246, Liscard-road, Liscard, Cheshire.

- -- WAIiTZD GIRL respectatle, clean- age abmt 17, good home for a willing girl.—Apply to Mits. WALLET, 276 Liscard.road, Liseard, Cheshire.

WANTED,respectable GENERAL. Protestant preferred. Also kitchen girl.—Apply at once Mrs LEI, Knotty Ash Hotel, Knotcy AAti Liverpool.

WANTRD. 1101.19MIAID-WAITRICSS ; good 'situation near Warrington ; 2 in family; wages £)B.—Miss HUDSON, 19, Warn-street, Warrington.

WANTED Good Clean GBH aRAL at once for public- house, no washing. good bOMO.—Apply S J HOARD- mAs;;Tted Cat Hotel, Crank, near Rainford. whasTisa COOK, small family; good situation nea Warrington; no washing ; wages £2O to £25. —Hie HUDSON 19, Irlam-street, Warrington,

WANTED a Reipeetable Clean GIRL, from 15 to it. as General. Good references, two in farally.—Apply MISS POTTER, Elm Cottage, Clock Face, near St Helens.

WANTHI) a strop respectable General SHIRVANT for country, need not have been out before it willing.— HiLros, Woodcock Hall. Newburgh. near Southport.

AA TANTS') a good 4133131tikt. Servant must be honest V and have referenees.—Apoly by let:er, !dye. JAMES HILL, 30 Andenshaw-roal, 9udeashaw, near Manchester.

A LL OLASSHS of SITUATIONS. private and public; XI good homes; excellent wages; places in town,country and seaside.—Write to tisanimes,6oidham-st..dancheBter.

AVANNToßwDashexinp,e,r.leautge:9GßJToli BwAtiesGtooo eduiltirobnieerp, ecroosokn; --Apply 63 CLARAMoNT-BoAD, Alexandra Para, Manchester.

WANTED every class of SIiiiVANTS ; with good refer • euces; suited free. Ladies Is Servants promptly suited —GL9VER'a SELECT REGISTRY. 11011 y Terrace, Northwich.

A LL CLASSES of SERVANTS ready from country Pncl XV town, publla and private.—Ladies should call or write to llaaaison's, 6, Ladhara-street, Manchester. Bstab. 1862. --

WVANTED a STRONG GIRL, 14 or 15; must be smart and honest, good home is offered to suitable ; girl state wages required.—Address L. F., " Examiner Office, Warrington.

WANTED Flood Strong MINIMAL ; must be able ta wash; age about 18 to 23 ; Protestant preferred.— Apply to Mrs JOSEPH FORSHAW. Besear Villas, Besear-lane, near Ormskirk.

VANTHD good plain COOK; Protestant; must have V good personal reference ; wages £2l to BM—Apply, between 11 and lor 6 atid 7, THE OARTH, Waterford-road, Oston, Birkenhead.

eIOOKS WA catlD from £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitresses ta £22, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places •' small familles.—Write to flummox% 6, Oldbam- street,Manchester.

L-IXPERIBNCED Male and Female NURSES st a LI moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTIrU- TIM 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

AITANTED, smart GiRL as GRNBRA.L, able to cook. V Would be required to assist in shop; another servant kept ; good wages ; good references required.—PlßKES, 30, Blaektriars-road,.Salford.

fr4TANTHD, Useful Domesticated IMP, about 30 (Pro- testant); for two laales, one an invalid ; also COOK GIiNIiIVIL who will undertake washing.—AßS. YATES, 132. Liverpool-rd. Birkdale, Southport.

Mantrto.

ANTED.—EHRAND BOY; aged 14.—" EXUIEINEB OFFICE, Warriogton.

WANTMO a WANDMAID. wages £l4 and uniform.— Apply t) the MATRON. NSW Hospital. Warrington. -EIIULKINTHRS—aitTLAItGH CASH BUYERS of Hay and Clover.—Apply, FAULK:MRS. Merchants, Pend'chary, Manchester.

WAR NINDALS wanted.dated 1848,£2 given ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Atbara. Matabele,Rashona,Fenian Raid, &c.—Major Tomas, Droitwieb.

A 41lliTd WANTBD to telt Hardware, Jewellery, Fund- -11 tura. Clothing. Goods et all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue —BERRIDGE AND CO (102) Birmingham.

Free.

OLESKINd purchased in any quantities for cash. Give 13J particulars or quantity and price to Mr 011 TON, 42, Weymouth Streot. Portland Place. London. W.

AVANT HD GROOM, by about 17; able to Milk.—Apply T stating ag experienee.referenees,and wages required. to J. DAVIES. Tanyfrun Vllls,Aberayron, near Aberystwyth.

----- WANTED, Situation as Second COACHMAN, or Second Horseman ; 29, height 51t., Bin.; weight 9st. 4lb ; years good references.—C WOOD, Dnnston Hall, Chesterfield

WANTISD, Particulars of Good Homes for Guests. BOardere, Invalld, Besldent Patients ; care of Children. also Apartments. Schools, ac.--L TIMER, 168, Piccadilly, London.

suaElni), at °ace guott .13ri.t...1i.L...Ireria and T V LABOURBUS 9d. per hour to good Bricklayers.— Apply W. Nioes AND SONS, LTD., BOStOCk'S New Factory, Sandon-road, St afford.

AGENTS WANTED (Warrington and distri th ct). eier whole or spare time, for an Investment Company; saltry Find commission to suitable men.—Apply, 21 YORK Butinuiros, Mosley-street, Manchester.

ACENT3 WANTED for the Parisian Coffee Filter, sold in quantities. Makes one cur, cafe noir in four minute', for id. Sample by post Is 6d, with ills special coffee Zs. ,"TASSEUR. 65. Chancery-lane. London.

£5 WBBKLY.—Prom 10s to Za weekly easily earned by becoming one of our agents ; absolutely no Work, suitable for all ages ; start at once ; particulars free.—W)[. RAII7.A.M & Co.. Times Buildings. Sheffield.

Q.A.NITARY INSPECTORSHIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Mancbeater and other examinations; pre- vious experience unnecessary; over 250 successful candidates adieu eligible•—Apply RCBERT MI:MIEN% Sanitazy Science eacber, Sunderland. Name paper.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c.

SPECIAL BOOKS MADE TO ORDER ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE CONSISTENT WITH SOUNDNESS.

nave alit= yr a apo that is too easily soiled to stand much wear.

enutation.

XT RWTON-LE - WILLOWS.—KIRKFIRLD BOARDING 11 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IV

LET

'hare.

;J AMES P. BATH and SON. STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Established 1875. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL,

1?ote15, Vparas, MoarZitng 05tab5.

HARROGATE.—'• St. Heliars," First-class BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT. Best Position in Harrogate.

lALB OF MAN.—COUNTRY BOARD RESIDBNCR, near Douglas. 255, nice house, sea and mountain views.— Mrs H., Ashley, Onehan.

LANDUDNO.—Mrs OWEN. Faenol, Harcourt Road Craig-y-don,BOARD and RESIDENCH, Mountain and Sea Views, fire minutes from Parade. 4s per day. 25s week

greerahous,

Eb be tet.

PTO LET.—COTTAGB off Lovely-lane, rent 3s 9d.—Apply _1 WOODS Sots, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, War.

TO LBT, STABLE and COAOHHOTISB. With lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—Appiy WOODS & SOS Sollettors, 65. Horsemarketatree Warrington.

Ong, Voultrp, etc.

100 Chickens and Ducklings from day to 8 weeks,from Sd each.--FRYER, Martham, Norfolk.

PURE-BRED Be Orpington,, ; Eggs 3s per doz. (unfer- tile replaced); Chickens from 65 per doz. Lis sent.— NIGHTINGALE, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be Inspected and Estimates obtained at

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ftpartments jurnfOrti lii?ougttcs.

QCAFl.Botlo.—Apartments facing Borth bay.—BE.LICE, N' Blenheim Terrace. Boarders from 5s per day.

ST. ANNES—ON-SEA.—Superior APARTMBNTS ; close to sea, tram, goIf.—PILCHER, Ripley, Derbe-road.

DIiNMAISNMAWN,North Wales.-A VILLA to be LllT,Fnr- nished or in Apartments.—Mrs. ROBERTS. Maen Gwyn.

Jl.4,urcat 'rind) uurfAutni to Let., 2 eiG ti ling, Deck ro3mis pleasantly situated.—Apply Mrs EaTlLL,Scalby, R.S.O

ANNES-ON-sIA.--ISIRS HEPWORTH, 20, The Bridge. L/ Public or Private Apartmeate. Close toSea & Station.

lUlßSLAs.—VidliOnswtlt linct good accommodation at Mrs CnouoaAx's,3, Howard-street,of Loch Promenade,

BEL, ISLE-OF-MAN.—TO Bli LET FURNISHED, five bedroc.ms and three reception rooms.-9, PEVERIL- TERRACE.

DIEnL, I.O.—di .e KELLY,Creg alalin View ; command- ing situation, overlooking the Bay ; splendid bathing and boating.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable;ArAia,lliNTS, 12, Leopold- grove; overlooking WiLter Gr ‘riens.—Urs W. PILKING- TON. Blackpool.

UURNISHED APARTMENTS to LEII. t 66, Ripon- I: street, lioker, Sunderland. Teas provided for parties and refreshments.

I\T ORTH WALES.—To be let, HOUSES, furnished. un- -1.11 furnished or apartments.—BRACICEITONE AND Co..ilouse Agents, Colwyn Bay,

HARROGATE. —APARI MIMS, near Baths and Station; reduced May and June ; Public and Private.-9, CHELTENHAM PARADE.

Sa;f_T, ANNEa-Olsi-SEA.—Apartments, near station, sea and 1.3 golf links, good cooking.—Mrs WISE, tidmardon St. Annes-road,l.

CusvELßys, POULTON-LE-FYLDl4.—Near electric tram and sea; piano, bath, W.C. ac.—Mrs ALFRED MARSDEN, Primrose Place.

PPBITMAIINMAWIt. —Well furnished APARTSIIINTd; good sea and mountain views; terms moderate.—Mrs JONES, Island View, Fernbrook-road.

BLACKPOOL.—Apartments, Good Accommodation for Visitors ; piano, close to sea and Central Btation.—Mrs 7 BAGOT, 42, Bonny-street.

MRS S L EMMETT. 47, Hornby-road, Blackpool, Near Central Station and sea, and alt places of amusement Ho_Aely Apartments. Piano.

WALE.—We st end House. Board rasid- ence or APARTMICSITS on sea-front. Special terms for families.—Apply WIIICHEBTEh.

NEW BRIGHTON.—Week-ends at this charming place 8s 61 ; or beds 2s per night. Bed and sittingrooms 10s weekly.—Mrs LOUDAN, 13 siope-street.

A I,DRItLia RDGE.—MRS. THORNILEY, Tea Rooms, Cborley Hah-lane, near Trafford Arms. Picnic Parties catered for. Accommodation for ()yeasts.

IVI 0 RHEO Cu Mouse, 1 I 118 OBlTeMicarns.drait-roat AtABfitiVvl,°lllthTttaliS, Hawthornview, bath, piano. Close to pier, palace, ac.

A BOUT YOUR SUMMER HOLIDAYd. Consult the IX "Camp Herald " ; illustrated, free.—SECRETAIIY, Holi- day camp. Groudle near Douglas, 1.0. M.

L'iIJRNIaLIRD APARTBIHNIS, with most exquisite sea J. view and mountain scenery; piano, bath, w 13.—Mrs. EVAN. Rose Hill, Penmaenmawr, 14. W.

I LANGOLLEN in spring is unsurpassed; charming ..1..4 situation one mile from station ; Oentlenaan's Farm, pony, trap, fishing, boarders.—TYRYWERN.

(101TA0.11.—To be let, APARTMENTS; three bedrooma;. ‘../ five beds; two parlours.—Apply to Mrs Titosus, Vrou lieulog, Valley-road, Llanfairfechau, N.W.

UGLAS.—:-.09. Banic House, Woodvitle Terreee,splenclid sea view, Beds, .0s per week, Tea, Bed, Breakfast, 34 private sitting rooms terms moderate—Miss SKELLY.

ULACKPOOL.—Mrs ATKINSON and SOHOON, 38, Bairstow-street,Public and Private Apartments ;le each person ; boarders 4s ; one minute from sea ; piano.

DLaCKPOOL.—APARTAIHNTS with or without board; situated near station and sea ; trams pass door.—Mrs. FITTON, Crompton House, 128, Central-drive. Piano.

141 LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMSNTS close to _L) Talbot-road Station, with or without board, Plano. Terms Moderate.—Mns. LITINGSTeNE, 6. Topping-street.

BLACKPOOL.—COMFOBTABLE APART/41MS. close to station, and all amusements, terms 2s. ; bed and attendance. -Mrs. CLARICE, 31, Ribble-rd, off Central Drive.

DLACKPOOL.—APARTISIENTS ; Mrs. ALLDRED (l—ate of Atherton), Atherton House, 23, Pleasant-street, North Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

===== 0002601_19020613_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
gPtorkfi, tucifittOtcs, eft.

HAIRDRIMING Umbrella and Fancy, Good BUSINBSS £5), Stock at valuation. Rent £2O,—THE ALEXANDRA 224, Derby-roacl. Bootle.

OUTDOOR, (good); corner position ; holder's ales. lease fixtures. stock and furniture, £l7O old.-113. Park- road. Beckley, Birmingham.

LIOR DISPOSAL old established Chip Fish and Ice-aream J. Business situated on best main read in Blackburn, doing a good business, fitted up with all the most modern utensils, Gas-engine etc., for freezing and potato washing, splendid opportunity for pushing couple. Buyer taught, for particulars apply on premises-42, BA.AX TOP, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
M•Mismin

===== 0002601_19020613_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
TIP E', A MINER, FRIDAY JUNE 13 1902

gpaleo bp Vrtbate Ertatp

(..I.IX Cook and Confectioner's tested Recipes free for 6d.— kJ ALTON, Willes-road, Leamington.

CILEALATIS, 8 varieties. all colours, 23 61 ; 3 varieties. is. N.: strong ; free.—Baotrsir, Crowboro', 6usseir.

TAMP COLLROTORB.—WrIte to MELZER. 81 Tollington Road, Holloway, London. for cheap approval eheeta.

ALUMINIUM bletanic Bnamel ; also Gold and Silver, Is ; carriage paid.—BASTOVER MANUFACTCJIIINCi COMPANY, Bridgewater.

4rptiß LADS IN NAVY BLUE ' and 15 otber Popular New 1 Songs. Words and music. Post free, Is M.—FARBER, Bookseller, Reading.

CILERGYMAN and ahem may obtain Pottery and China V for BEZEIRTO at half price, from SALOPIAN POTTERY CO., Broseley. Shropshire.

PRNNY CORONATION BROOCHES, pins,'bottons ; I:10 designs. list trade] only,—R Thomes 86 SOAS, Novelty Manuf.eturers, Halifax.

ASTROLOGY. —Delineation, 12 stamps; stamped directed envelope birth tirne.—i•RoFEsSoß VinGouEL, Diamond House, Hillhouse, Huddersfield.

ABOCKBRY.—Cheapest House In the trade ; 400 articles, V 325. 6d. ; suitable for beginners. Price lists free.— BENNF.TT, 25, Broom-street, Hanley.

lIOMB WORK.—Good earnings by the quickest and latest improved Harrison Patent Knitting Machines.- 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

TIALSB TRUTH, Jewellery, Gold. Silver BOUGHT; 12 utmost value even ; parcels by post, cash per return. —B. FIELD & Co., 76 Market-street, Birkenhead.

A STROLOGY.—Your Faure Foretold, marriage, Bm., state _ti. birthtime, 13 stamps, stamped envelope. PROF. BOW- NESS (Desk le). Clough Bridge, Bridlington. ROWTH. GROWTH, GROWTH.—Specific for producing Of over four luches of healthy growth. Any age. Over 300 testimonials.--R Fox, 3 Mosley Street, Burnley.

UNCI I GUNS GUNS! Hire purchase system, from k..T 35 9d per month, thorough good work, send for par - ticulars.—T WILD, 19, Wbittall Street, Birmingham.

Q TAMPS.-35 Good Varieties, 3d ; 29 Queen Victoria Colo. niale, 7d; Stamp Almanac. 3d; New Century Priced Catalogue, 6.I.—SMYTIL STAMP Cu, Bose^mbe, Hants.

NVASHING TlES.—Neat knot for lady or gentleman. Wash beautifully. Sample 4d four, la ld ; six, is 6tl.—lilnowx. Preston Schoolhouse, Lavenharn, Suffolk.

4 -DILLY BUMPKINS' PEEP LT 1. HE CORONATION:— kJ Splendid humorous Song. Droll words, comically quaint music, IC—SKINNER, Buonavista, Oldfield Park, Bath.

5 / for n different hemmed Flags of Great Britain and /- chief Colonies, sire 30x20 upwards. Order early. Postage 3d.—W. STANLEY, 40,Great Ruesell-et,London, W.C.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. " After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLIMP, Helsthorpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rata with Sanford's Polson."—C. COOK, Farmer. Ellesmere. •4 destroyed 145 rats with it."-0. WILSON, Off ord.—Send Is Id ANFORD & SONS. Sandy St,Beds. fold by Clamists.

&aits bp 13yivate Zreatp.

T ONSDALR, HARVEY dr CO., Turf Aecountants,Axbridge. LA Write for terms.

DUNLOP COVERS] equal new, les 6d any size. Approval HOLLOWAY, 3, Acalam-road, London. W.

CANARIES.—WarranLed young cocks, 3s; two, 5$ ; 13 ens, is 3d.—DAVIES, 31 Clinton-avenue. Blackpool.

UTOMATIU SKILL MACHINES, 30, very cheap —2O 9. ti SHERRARD•ROAD, Manor Park, Loadon, K.

fHB VB ELY L 9.TE iT. —Coronation Tie, correct shade Is VA.—Jows HINDS, 184, Stockwell-mid, Londoa.

eIIGARS. postage paid from 55 6d per 100. Lists free.— BREIIIIIT'S CIGAR STORES, St. Sampson's, Guernsey.

VUTURS FORETOLD ruling planet &c,state birthtime, 6d 1 stamped envelope —Bowfoms,Clough Bridge ,Bridlington. 113— LINK Of real Coral Beads, gold loured snap, sent • post free.—FIELD9AND, Jeweller. Masbro-•treet, Rotherham.

r BEDS (Whitaker 's Hlstory of). 2 vols, folio, uncut, rare, £5 —LOwE's BARGAIN WAREHOUsE, 18, Crescent, Birmingham.

HYPNOTISM. Send stamp for pamph et. astounding revelations.—PEoF. Sr. ARNILNDE. 421, Alexandra rarade, fillasgow.

EWRITING. " Pearl " Fountain Pens, sale price Is each free, thousands sold, llits free—l' HODGSON, 23 St. John's-terrace, Leeds.

DIPE O 1 CHAMISIStt , ORGAN tor bale one manu,l. .1 pedals, 6 stops good tenet £23.—W. SH UTTLEWORTH. Mill House, Altrinehant.

LOVELY SEASCAPH, river scene or coast view, 12x10 on P.S. mount. 18x1,1 post tree 3s 9d.pair Th.—PICTURE Snismr, 180, High Holborn, London, W.C.

PDUNE SILK FISHING LINES.--Send stamped addressed envelope for samples - Join; G. THOMPSON, 3 Pullman- road, Sneinton Dale, Nottingham.

DO YOU REQUIRB a smart suit to measure for 253. ? If so send tor patterns and particulars.—BEgnkTr, Clothier. Blackheath, Birmingham. •

QINDBTAYLP for our 40 page iliwtrated Catalogue of Cyc:es, accessories motors, general goods, rock bottom prices.—AClClA. CO's STOIO.S, Tooting.

LADY'S lamdsome DRESS LENCIPH, rich ulack--oorded Bengaline silk, 12 yards, sacrifice 25e, cast double.— Mrs DAVIES, 10 Cambridge-road. London.

CIARRIAGEfpaid 51b bundle good print PAIJOHWORK; 23 Sd. Beautiful Bilk or Plush Patchworks7d and 13i a b3g.-13 LEVY. 43, Thomaa-street, Mancheate:

MINIATURES exquisitely painted on ivory from any photograph from 7s 61, by experienced artist ; speci • mene sent.—ELMORE, 37, Store-street, London.

CORONATION DSCORATIONS, Illuminations. Firn-- works, Coloured Fires, Torches, Rockets. Shells, &c., assorted boxes:all prices.—J.ST. HAMPSHIRE, North-st Leeds

ARDEN NETTING, small mesh, 105 yards by 1 ard 1.31- wide, 3i; by 2 yards wide, 6s; and so on to any width; Carriage paid on all orders over ss.—Frons.2l JGASSON, Garden Netting Works, Rye.

yOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. places it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to the Public, keeps your name befbre them, serves to make you et M known among them, at a very small cost. JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEIVSEY STREET, WAREINOTON.

eptirs, ttr

ICYCLES offared In exchange for old stamps or coloured eagravings.—KNeSTEß.S UrcLED seJr, Csrn bridge.

TNUNLOP COVRILS, equal new, lOs 6d; any size ; approval..--HoLLowey, 3, Ackland-rold, London, W.

riYCLES.—Save money and write for our little Book all V about LANCER CYCLES, or you will live to regret it. —LANCER CYCLE CO., Coventry.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

TWO ALFA LAVAL SIPARATORS.-11jR.P.Steam Engin A. 2 Rotary Pumps, 2, Refrigerators, receiver cans, For particulars apply MITCHELL BROS., Engineers, ROMSeI -

910 BB SOLD.-40VERNESS CAR and COB PRAETOR-. in Brit-class condition.-30, GoRDON-9T, Southport.

DARMITT'S RBLIABLE WHEULS for oarriages, traps, JLP vans, etc. ; lowest prices ; enquiries invited ; lists free. —PALATINE WORKS, Heywood,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
fitontp.

00 TO NE LENT on mortage at 4fr per cent.—ll PADFIELD, 30, Peroy-street Liverpool.

EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITIS should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how a" Nervous and Organic Derangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method j 5 easY and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent ell' sent, In a plain sealed envelopa, free of charge. N. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON. Over 30 'years continuous auroras.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

I

===== 0002601_19020613_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE Runcorn Examinr., published Friday morn log. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widtiss Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and a rapidly becoming Xi important centre of industry. nrHE Warrington and Hi .c,Cheshire Exantixer. Doh -A- lished every 6aturday morning. THE .Earlestortm and Newton .Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. ,THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. -

THE EXXMINER SERIES PREPAID AD V E RTISE MENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSE'S WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOOSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS W LNTB ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six ' Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ............. Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ••• 21. WI 27 Os. 93. ... Is. 103. ... 3s. Od. 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19020613_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE.

JUNB 13th. 1902.

MR. iviORLEY'S SPEECH. IT was appropriate enough that Mr. JoUN :INIon.LEY should have been the first Liberal leader to speak at length since the conclusion of peace. 'or all his colleagues he resisted its approach the most strenuously, and prohesied its results the most fearlessly. He had something of vindication and explanation for the past, a reply to the ~slanders of those who have charged him with de- fective patriotism : We oppose & policy, whm we do oppose, because we believe it is injuriou to our common country, and because we are convined that if this policy had not been followed ic would hays been better for onr common country. ut the origin of the war has happily passed into the domain of history. It is better to leave that 'question for awhile, to "let the lava cool," as Mr. Monr.Ev phrased it, and meantime to bless the Peace that has come at length, and to look forward to the future that the old misconceptions, the old miscalculations which produced and prolonged the war, shall not wreck the new epoch which has -begun. The past is behind us, a past of " unco.sa- pensating mischief and irreparable wrong " ; it lies With uS to build a future on a sounder basis. The 'terms of peace are what we choose to make them. There is scope enough within their limits for generosity and wisdom, but the risk of strife and folly is not exluded. All depends on whether we look to force as/ our one specific, take race ascendency for or guiding principle. It will be a stiff fight. The counsellors are already at our elbow who urge that th 3 spoils are to the victors, that our motto must be " our own People first, our own people second, our own " People third." The younger sons who held com- missions in the war will ask for appointments in the administration. The Colonial "loyalists," whose ruling passion is hostility to the Boers, will demand the rewards of their sacrifices. Everything turns on our choice of _tactful and syrnpathetic Officers, and everything is lost if we appoint the type of man who has made Ireland a nursery of discontent. ``.:; Already, too, these same counsellors are urging us that we must be in no hurry 0 fulfil our pledge to grant the Boers self-govern- Izent. We annexed the Transvaal once before. Then, too, we promised self-govern saent. We lost the country because year after year we delayed to fulfil that pledge. The longer we waited the more disaffected the Boers became, and to grant self- government to the disaffected seemed dangerous. That experience may well recur. lam persuaded that one great reasoa and root of the rising of the Transvaal, which ended in Majaba and the Sah,equent proceedings, was due to the failure to carry out promptly—promptly, gentlemen, and effectually—the promises that both Governments, ,both Liberal and Conservative, had made that they should have representative institu- tions. (Hear, bear.) I press thii upr.n you. It is a vital point. If it is not done promptly—and by promptitude I mean roasonably effective prompti- tude—you will, as sure as to-rnortow's suo will rise in the heavens, you will again have the some mess that was produced by the delay in MD and 1881. Mr. Mormey's warning is one to remember.

TURNINO From the war to matters near home, it 'was not difficult for Mr. INIonLtY to sum up the whole present duty of Liberals in a phrase—" Re- sistance to reaction" is the RESISTANCE TO only watchword which meets REACTION, the needs Of the hour. A Government elected by a trick at a moment of passion and ferment has need the mandate which it obtained to conclude the war to unsettle more than one fixed principle °I national policy. It has tampered with constitu- tlanal liberty in the Cartwright case. It has ttlbordinated the needs of education to the *ligencies of a Church in a Bill for the extinction !4 School Boards and the endowment of sectarian teaching. With a daring even more surprising it ilks assailed Free Trade with a Bread Tax. Of all thc results of the war this economic revolution threatens to be the most far-reaching. It is on1:1 Part of a sweeping scheme to impose a whole com- Plicated tariff upon all manner of foodstuffs and articles of necessity. A preferential duty is to (3111pel us to buy our wheat and our timber from Canada, our mutton from New Zealand, our wool our wine from Australia, our sugar from the West Indies. And since non of these Colonies can .15t0duce all that we require, the only result will ftie that prices will rise, and while a meagre revenue i "4's into the Exchequer from the tax on foreign Ports a vast profit must finds its way t° the Colonial producer. It is admirable to :'evelop the unity of the Empire; admirable, 'lO, to encourage Colonial enterprise. But this

! method is merely suicidal. It is only necessary to ! look at the figures. Oar Colonial trade amounts to £12,000,000 a year, our foreign trade to £q305,000,009. For" an imaginary advantage to a small trade," as Mr MORLEY put it, Mr CHAMBER- LAIN is proposing " to dislocate and disarrange an immense trade." We cannot impose a hostile tariff against the rest of the earth without provok- ing retaliation. We cannot raise the price of food without raising wages and diminishing profits. Nor can we increase the price of raw materials like wool without hampering our manufactures and checking our exports.

But the. whole duty of Liberalism, after all,f does not end at home. Mr Montny had to remind us of two kindred problems that EMPIRE AND still lie at our door—the Old cDRONATION. problem in Ireland and the new problem in Cape Colony. You are going to have in two or three weeks great rejoicing. I wonder how many of the Colonial Prime MinistLrs are ELAII3 Rulers ? (A Voice : " All.") Tney Bra all, says somehxly. I think it will be found h mentlemen. Let me put this to you. We Me going to have, I suppose—well, we may have a proposal—to suspand the constitution in Cape Colony. Just picture the scones in the Lions° of Commons, We all ge^. up and we all make a elequent, passi2uate, argumentative speeches in favour ur the rijlat of the Colonies to govern them- E elves. The neat day Mr. REDAIO7.STD makes a motion in favour of giving self-government in oue shape or another to Ireland. We then all pick cut a new set of arguments. (Laughter.) What was on Monday unauswerable,on Tuesday becomes not worth men- tioning, (Laughter.) What was on Monday a sacred principle of self-governmcnt becomes on Tuesday mere moonshine and claptrap. (Laughter.) That is a comedy in which I, itt least, do not pro- pose to take any part. Tne Boers are t 3 have self- government in order to make them loyal ; the Irish are not to have it because they are disloyal. There is only one sound priaciple on which all these problems can be solved. Loyalty can be WO.l only by freedom. The Empire is strong where it rests on the consent of the governed, weak where it it upheld by force. We cannot refuse self- government to the Irish and the Cape Boers and grant it to the Boers of the ;Transvaal. The Liberal principle admits no exception.

Seldom has a grant to a successful soldier been better earned than that which the House of Com- mons has just voted to Lord Kitchener. He had to grapple with a task at once more thankless and more difficult than that of Lord Roberts. He did not tire of it until it was accomplished, and all the while that he made war with restless energy he so conducted it as to make peace possible. Had he not resisted the powerful party at home which would have urged him to "severe measures," even to the refusal of quarter, the war could never have ended ,as it has done. At his first meeting with General Botha, a year ago, he sowed the seeds of a confidence which has since borne fruit. Had not Mr. Chamberlain then ridiculed as " preposterous " suggestions which have since been accepted, it is even possible that peace might have surprised us in 1901. Lord Kitchener has shown the sort of tact and wisdom which Wellington Tr ore than once displayed. A soldier who really meets a brave enurny learns to respect him long before the civilian, who feeds on biassed news at home. The Boers have not been backward in reciprocating his esteem. They trust him, and that sentiment has counted for much in their acceptance of peace. Indeed, things have gone so far that we find General De Wet urging his men to become as good colonists as they once were burghers. It is good news that Lord Kitchener holds that his duty lies in South Africa, when he might well have come home to the Coronation. His presence is a guarantee that the manly and kindly policy will prevail.

Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has disappointed those who imagined that the coming of peace would bring with it any immediate alleviation of our burdens. Both the new taxes are to stand. The Income Tax paver will pay more next year than last, and the Bread Tax remains to aggravate the poverty of the very poor. The Bread Tar, with its miserable yield of two and a-half millions, is valuable not for what it brings into the E tchequer, but for the principle it establishes. It revives protection, and marks a definite break with Free Trade. It does not, indeed, confer a benefit on the English farmer so substantial as he enjoyed under the old Corn Laws. It is a tax solely on imported wheat, which raises the market-price all round, and thus enables the home producer to pocket an artificial profit. That profit may be large or small, but so long as the tax is levied only on the foreign article the principle remains the same. The public pays a tax on every loaf and the Exchequer, the farmers, and the bakers divide the spoils. The charm of this innovation lies in the fact that it will enable Mr. Chamberlain to meet the Colonial Premiers in a few weeks with a basis on which a preferential tariff can be negoti- ated. Next year we shall be invited to exempt Canadian as we exempt British wheat. And if the public will stand a Corn Tax and a Sugar Tax, why not a Meat Tax, from which in due course Australia would profit? All the Colonial Premiers have approved the scheme; and if they claim a preferential tariff as their reward for the assist- ance they have gLven us in this war, it will not be easy to resist them gracefully. In the long run preferential trade with the Colonies means that Europe will retaliate with hostile tariffs against us, and we shall find that we have abandoned two- thirds of our trade in order to secure the remain- ing one-third. The Colonies hale everything to gain from such an arrangement, but to us it could only mean dear food, slack trade, and in the long run depopulation.

When the definite pronouncement was made that the" long pull" had been abolished by War rington licensed victuallers we accepted the state ment without question. It now appears that there has been no such thing as abolition but merely a " regulation " of the "tong pull." This fact transpired at a meeting of the Assessment Committee last week. The magistrates and police, we learn fnr the first time, have agreed to a regulated " long pull" of half a gill. This means that every customer who fetches his liquor to be consumed off the premises receives half a gill over and above the quantity ordered. This regulation applies only to tho outdoor trade, for no overplus is allowed to those who consume drink on licensed eramises. The "long pull" system has little to recommend it and even when regulated leaves the door open for abuses.On the admission of a licensee it seems that competition has led her to give nearly three gills tor a pint, and the same condition of things no doubt prevails in other districts. The system is a reprehensible one and the soonero is completely. abolished, the better for the trade and the public

BARLESTOWN PRIZE BAND. This band gave a selection of music in the grounds of the Viaduct Institute on Thursday even- ing. The following was the programme submit- ted :—Grand March, " Tannhauser ; selection, " Lurline ; valse, " Gipsy Revels ; overture, Tancredi "; Barn Dance, 'a' Two Step " ; selection, zampa."—Mr J Appleton conducted. PEOPLE WILL TALE about the good value they get In ALF. TAYLOR'S GOOD 800 im—itdvt,

CRA WFORD'S CREAM uRA,C,KERS

CRISP

AND CREAM'7

===== 0002601_19020613_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JUNE 13, 1902

===== 0002601_19020613_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

Thanksgiving service reports would no doubt fill the paper to-day, to the exclusion of every other kind ot report, if permitted so to do. The accounts which appear must of course, be taken as repre- sentative of the whole ; from that of the glorious service held in St Paul's Cathedral, and attended by the King and Queen, to those of the smallest con- gregations in the humblest hamlets and villages of the provinces. Never was a national thanksgiving for the restoration of peace more hearty, universal or devout. Apart, too, from the gratefulness evinced for the return of peace, the nation as a whole feels doubly thankful that it should have come on the eve of another event that will be of the greatest possib'e interest both to the Kingdom and the Empire, namely, tne Coronation of King Edward and Queen Alexandra. Now that Britons are on the best of terms with all the world,they will of course, enter with; more thoroughness into the festivities in store for them at the end of the pre- sent month. Since peace was proclaimed moet readers will have been watching the news of Boer surrenders with lively interest. It is gratifying to note how steadily and regularly the burghers have been coming in, giving up their arms,disclosing the hiding places of secret stores of ammunition, and generally fraternising with the redoubtable Tommy Atkins. Like;ourselves, they all seem glad to have done with war, and none but a brave and dogged race could or would have held out so long. It is a little interesting to speculate as to the effect which the prohibition of carrying arms will have upon such a people, the expert use of the rifle being one of the things nearest and dearest to the heart of the Boer. Having forfeited British confidence, for a time at least, possibly the privilege may be restored when:chat confidence has been fairly earned and in the meantime he may become accustomed to the very necessary measure of precaution and find be can bear up against it very well.

Much disappointment has been caused in some of the school board districts with the very limited children's holiday allowed in Coronation week. It appears that in a few cases it will be confined to Thursday and Friday, although in most, it is believ- ed, the whole week will be allowed. The limitation does not compare favourably with the liberal allow- ance made by certain School Boards in this direc- tion the year round. In some parts of the year parents have good reason to complain of the length ofi the ,holidays, and for whose convenience this matter is arranged it is for the school boards them- selves to determine. In Coronation week there will really be something for the young people to see and to talk and marvel about, and it is questionable if even the schools in question are kept open, there will be much very useful work done in the class- rooms. Mental concentration in a time of universal rejoicing and festal preparation is probably more than could be expected from the ordinarily consti- tuted school boy or girl. This is an event of a life- time, and seems to require that there should ba no half-measures about it.

A good deal of interest appears to centre in the kind of flower- to he regarded as "the only genuine" Coronation Flower. It seems a pity that this important point has not been officially settled; at any rate to the time of writing. But inquiry in the meantime among leading florists, reveals the fact that large supplies of red and white roses are now kept back with the intention of their being produced about a week hence; that is to say, within a week of the Coronation. That is what might have been expected, since June is proverbi- ally, and naturally, " the month of roses," and individual taste has necessarily to be somewhat largely taken into consideration. The Rev J LI Pemberton, president of the National RO3B Society, has an article in the current number of" The Coun- try," in which he sets forth, rather plausibly, that the rose is naturally the Coronation flower, that during the month" she will decorate Great Britain and Ireland with masses, festoons and streamers of roses," and that, moreover, 'the rose is popular," All the same, if the man in the street finds the cost of a rose, which Mr Pemberton says is within the reach of all, too dear, he will not hesitate to secure the more economical cornflower, narcissus, and geranium. which, after all, form the three national colours. Toe most ardent admirers of the rose can hope for; under the possible and probable circum- stances, is that the domination of June's chiefeet and choicest bloom may not be very seriously challenged.

This most eventful month should be the busiest of all the year for local photographers, amateur and professional, who do not wish future days to be fraught with regrets as to a rare opportunity missed. Everywhere in the provinces, arrange- ments having been made, and in most places being already well in hand, for right loyally and heartily celebrating the Coronation of the King end Queen on the 2fith and 27th, ti,pects of peculiar and special interest will present themselves to the mind of the duly alert knight of the camera, that should be well worth making the most of, and be carefully preserved. Indeed, so important a feature of the great occasion is this regarded in some parts of the country, that the local authorities have had under coneiderat.cn the propriety of securing photographic mementoes which would undoubtedly become of historical interest, and possibly of great importance. Whatever other similarly constituted authorities may think of the suggestion, amateur photo- graphers should at once prepare themselves to take advantage of the incidents of the Coronation pro- ceedings, with a view to securing records for them- selves, their families, or their friends. But to aspir- ing amateurs there is little time left for prepara- tion, if they care to fill their albums with suitable pictures bearing upon this one event of a lifetime, which shall be handed down to their children,and grand children or shall be presented to some class, society, or association which they value as 1116111- bars, to be preserved and " kept in remembrance " in that way.

The Boys' Brigade to-day will muter to the num- ber of eleven thousand or more at what is called the "Coronation Review" by the Prince of Wales in London. The provinces will bs well and numer- ously represented. There will be two brigades of four battalions each, and the organizations taking part in the review will comprise the Boys' Brigade, Cnurch Laos' Brigade, London Diocesan Church Lads' Brigade, and the Catholic Boys' Brigade.

Reverting to a notice in this letter some weeks ago of steps taken to prevent the misuse of the Royal Standard in the provinces, at the Coronation celebration, it may be well to make note also of the following which has appeared in the "Morning Post :—" The Rev P Husband, vicar of St. Michael's, Folkestone, wrote to Sir Francis Rnollys, Private Secretary to the King, in regard to the pro- hibition against flying the Royal Standard, except on the occasion of the Coronation, The rev gentle- man pointed oat that his poor congregation had purchased a Royal Standard at a cost of £lO think- ing they would be able to fly the flag from the church tower as usual, and asked that an excep- tion to the rule might be made in regard to build- ings connected with the State, such as churches, especially on the occasion of Royal anniversaries. Mr Husband has received the following reply : " Buckingham Palace, 4th June. Dear Sir,—ln reply to your letter, I am afraid that the Royal Standard, which is the King's personal flag,can only be hoisted at the Coronation. If permission were given in one case, it would be impossible to refuse it in any others. I must remind you that you can always fly the Union Jack.—Yours faithfully, F KNOLLYS.

Every bread and butter consumer is interested in the fact that this week the Chancellor of the Ex- chequer has carried in committee of the House of Commons his registration duty on corn, which will now constitute a" permanent" tax upon bread. until the Liberals are returned to power and remove it, as they did before. The butter can wait, one "sop " at a time to the farmers, in however, questionable a form it may come, being as such as ever the present Government can safely venture upon, its great and sometimes unwieldy majority notwithstanding. The familiar plea that the new tax is a very little one has been repeated by Sir Michael Ricks-Reach aril a certain section of the press ad nauseam. Like Mercutio's stab, "'Twill serve." The corn duty as everybody knows, al- though objectionable:because it forces from the very poorest consumers a contribution far in excess of that which will find its way to the national ex- chequer, is also open to objection on principle. It is the re-introduction of the system of taxation of food which was formerly adopted by the country, and had to be abandoned under the pressure of famine and the protests of a starving people. It is a case of putting the clock back with a vengeance. 1 Yet the Opposition in the House of Commons on 1 Tuesday evening were taunted by Minieterialists

===== 0002601_19020613_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Eetters to the Libitor.

Ihe Free Churches and National Celebrations.

Sir,—Nearly five years have elapsed since I left the good old town of Runeern bue I have not ceased to be interested in its local affair. Toe discussion respecting the forthcoming celehration has awakened my interest. It gives me pleasure to know that at a general meetieg of the town it was decided by an over eehehning majority that the order of the Sunday School procession should be determined by ballot. A more equitable way of settling a matter of some little dr licacy I think does not ezist,and in my opinion all reasonable and fair minded men will be willing to abide by the result. I have read the remarks in the " Parish Msgizine " with considerable surprise and I think them quite misleading. I have a lively recollection of what took place in 1897. The fact is that the Branswick School which I believe is admitted to be the oldest in the town, gave no its right of seniority and the ballot was not pressed by the Nonconformist Churches. A great deal was yielded in me interest of a "godly union and concord." But what followed? The morning procession was formed at the Town Hall. Mr Taylor, the chairman of the Council, was an avowed adherent of my church and I thought it would be appropriate for me to walk abreast of him. But there was an evident determination on the part of the ministers of the Established Church to take a foremost position both on his right and left. ' Some junior curates immediately followed and also a lay missionary who was one of their subordinate workers. This lay missionary was asked by what right ha took precedence of the Free Church Ministers and he had the arrogant ignorasce to say that he took it by the richt conferred on him by the Bishop of Cnester. Both my colleague and myself were relegated to a backward position by force of circum- stances and some little resentment was naturally fit. In the afternoon procession the worthy chairman of the Council courteously insisted that I should walk on one side of him l and I complied with his kied rfqnest. We have not been eager to show" a fighting spirit "but, we have some sense of what is seemly and courteous. In a celebration of a purely nationar character, one de- nomination has no absolute right of precedence. The Free Churches have as great an interest in the Coronation as the church established by law. If the matter be of no importance why do the clergy contend for the fore- most poeition ? On all such occasions I think the Free Churches do well to claim equality and to be satisfied with nothing less. We do not ask for any favour ; we simply ask for fairness. lam Sir,—Yours faithfully. THOMAS BRACKENBURY, (Late Seperintendent Miniat er of the Runcorn Wes- leyan Circuit.) 4Vingfidd-road, Tiowbridge, Wiltshire.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

Readers of the " Examiner" should not fail to read a letter which appears in our columns vis week written by the Rev T Brackenbury, late superintendent minister of the Wesleyan Circuit in Runcorn. It proves conclusively the contnitiou of those who assert that clericalistn is nothing hut a euphonious name for cloaked intolerance.

The Weston Parish Council are to be pitied. At present they are in a state of intense indignation at the action of Major Orred and his henchman Mr C L Evans. The inhabitants, too, are up in arms, and their attitude carries with it the sympathy of numbers of people who have gained a kuovoledge of the facts through the press. Every local inhabi- tant knows the footpath through the fields con- necting Runcorn and Weston. At a certain point the road is in a moo: dangsrous condition owing to the jutting out of large pieces of rock. In wet weather this danger becomes greatly accentuated. In rainy weather desp channels are cut in the road and thus farm t:e most dangerous menace possible to pedestrians. This serious danger the Weston • Parish Council have for months been trying to abolish. But their praise- worthy efforts have been constantly foiled by the action of Mr C L Evans, the agent of Major Orred, the landowner. In spice of the uost pressing rep- resentations the agent absolutely refused to benefit the public weal by repairing the footpath. And, dog-in-the-manger-like, positively with- holds sanction for the Weston Council them- selves to execute the necessary repairs. The Council therefore resolved to ignore toe agent altogether and petition Major Orred direct-offering at the same time to repair and maintain the footway. To the astonishment of the Cmncil no less than to the surprise of all right- minded individuals, Major Orred declared in what has justly been aiscribed as a " curt reply," his intention of supporting his agent's action. There the matter rests until the autocratic Major and his ' worthy satellite are restored to a fairer and a more righteous state of mind, and give the desired sanction. Meanwhile the road continues to be a public nuisance.

The amusing part about the affair—for there is a humorous side to the question is the fact that. " since the whole story has got into the papers " the worthy Mr Evans has roamed about like a rag- ing lion seeking whom he may devour in order to revenge himself upon these responsible for its publicity. Apparently Mr Evans has yet to learn that people will talk and papers will print I seriously advise him to calm himself and allow his choler to evaporate. When he doea this he will be better fitted to express !an opinion than he is at preicmt.

[Br TRIBUNIUSj. If additional confirmation were needed of the growing spread of the intolerant spirit of clerical- lam in Runcorn it is found in the obstructionist tactics adopted by certain individulls who have to deal with the arrangements on Coronation Day for the wahting of the elementary school children. Barely a:week ago:a:semi-private meeting was held by the,heaus of the various day schools to consider the order of procession to be adopted by thern.The busi- ness all tol 1, ought not to have occupied above half an hour,but,as the' spirit of evirsaw in the meeting a fine opportunity for "fighting" it was protracted to fully toree hours length. Once more the obstruc- tion may be placed directly to the credit of the clerical party. The first business was the determin- ing of the order in which the day schools had to follow each other. Naturally enough the masters and mistresses—who only number half-a-dozen— unanimously resolved that the premier place s'iould be taken by the higher grade school as the only re- presentative of secondary education Over the second place arose the contention. At the outset the repre- sentatives of the National Schools urged that they should lead the elementary schools on the ground that the cburch was the oldest and that "honour- able age should always precede youth." This argument, by the way, though stoutly maintained by the church party in the present case as a funda- mental principle, is altogether ignored by them when the priority of Sunday Schools is the subject for discussion, Note, for instance, their attitude respecting, the annual Whit-Xfonday demonstra- tions. An attitude, doubtless, determined by the fact that Brunswick should, by virtue of age lead the van. This proposal, then, was met by an amendment to ballot for position, as being the fairest method for all concerned. It is only reasonable to state that the representatives of the Board schools could justly have claimed precedence on the grounds that they were the ratepayers schools and as such represented the people in a town'E procession ; that they were the largest schools and should lead by reason of their numbers; that they were the youngest schools and should have the premier position because green youth should always be succeeded by the wisdom of age. These just claims, were not, however, urged, the representatives of the ratepayers contenting themselves with urging the claims of the ballot. After a prolonged discus- sion the proposal to ballot was carried,the National School delegates calling, figuratively,for water that they might wash their- hands of the whole matter. • They would not, they said, be bound by the ballot and if the meeting were determined not to meekly accept their claim for precedence they.would, in contempt, presumably, of the proceedings, walk last. The ballot was taken. By a strange fatality tile National Schools topped the list. Did ever fats deal so harshly with one of its spoiled children !

But it was too late. Their fiat had gone forth that they would bring up the rear, and they could not retract their word. So that in the Coronation festivities Runcornians will see, in another d epbrt- meat, the National schoola bringing up—what will soon become to them an accustomed position—the rear.

There will also be provided for the inhabitants a most powerful object lesson, which arises directly out of the foregoing. The general meeting decided that the day schools were to mass in the Market place and there sing a patriotic hymn. At the last minute, it is stated, the National Schools have decided not to join in the triumphant chorus of praise but will wait in Church-street until th ceremony is over, after which they will fall into line with the schools as they work their way out of

the square.Suraly this rumour is untrue.Clericalisen, bad as it may be, can never possibly mean to en- courage the chile.reu to revolt against the town's demonstrations of loyalty to the King.lf there be any , truth in it, influence from some quarter should be brought to bear upon those who are responsible so that the little ones, who know naught about sect- arian bitterness, may not be deprived of j lining in a function so important by the psttiness of narrow minds. One thing is certain. If the Church party persist in such a course their attitude will lice long in the minds of the ratepayers and will sound the death knell of their party in Runcorn.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RIINC3RN POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS.

In future" The Heath " will be included in the Sunday morning delivery of lettere, as far as the Pumping Station. THE RETVEN OF THE RUNCORN DETACHMENT. It will ,be seen from our advertisement columns that a public dinner will be given by the towns- people of Runcorn on Friday, the 27th June, in the Technical Institute to celebrate the return of toe Runcorn Detachment from the seat of war. SCALDING FATALITY AT WIDNES._

Thomas Malone, aged thirty years, ot 69, Pear- street, Widnes, died early on Thursday morning at the Accident Hospital from shocking scalds re- ceived by falling into a caustic vat at Messrs Mont, Liddell'a works on Wednesday week. The facts have been reported to the coroner. THE RUNCORN COTTAGE HOSPITAL.

On Monday night a meeting of the Cottage Hospital Committee was held to consider the tend- ers submitted for the erection of the hospital. The one one of Mr William Nicksou, Runcorn, was accepted, We understand that the hospital will be open to cases not only in Runcorn but cases occur- ring within the district also. DEATH OF A WIDNES COUNCILLOR. .

Oa Tuesday afternoon the death took place at his residence of Councillor William Christie, one of the most prominent membrs of the Widnes Council' Deceased was by profession an auctioneer, and though he had been ailing for some time he attend- ed against his doctor's wishes, a sale held on lion- day afternoon. He was in the prime of life, and had been very intimately associated with all Coun- cil work and local enterprise since the incorporation of the borough ten years ago. STRANGE CABE AT RUNCORN. _

Oa Thursday morning, at half-past one,Constable Davies found a man named Joseph Ackers assault- ing Itachael Byes in Portland-street, and promptly took him in custody. When brought before the magistrates prisoner cried bitterly, and said it was not his fault. Mrs Eyes said there was insanity in prisoner's family, and she did not think he was accountable for his actions. The magistrates there- fore remanded him, in ordar that he might be medically examined as to his condition. ATTEMPTED BURGLARY AT RUNCORN.

During Wednesday night the splendid suita of offices Bank chambars, Runcorn, were broken into. An entrance was effected by the window of Mr Charles H R flarrison's office, oa the ground floor, This office had been ransacked, and the books and papers thrown into great confusion, but the only booty obtained was a few shillings worth of stamps and a pocket knife. ne would-be thieves, evi- dently disheartened by the smallness of their cap. ture, made no attempt upon the other offices, in one of which was a large sum being rents collected by an estate agent. GOOD TEMPLARY AT RUNCORN.

The third session ot the above Order was held at the Ashridge-street mission on Monday evening,the Lodge being opened by the CT. Beside the officers and members there were also present Bro Francis, H VD, sad two visitors from the Widnes Consola- tion Lodge, and they were asked to convey the fraternal greetings of the Runcorn Forward "to their own Lodge. A ahoy; programme was then proceeded with. Song and chorus, Sister l'ioQcoe ; recital, Sister Anders ; song by the CT. An initia- tion then took place, and a recess for a short inter- val allowed to congratulate the new member. TRH WAR RELIEF FUND

At a recent meeting of the Runcorn War Relief Fund, it was resolved (1) that a letter be sent by the chairman of the committee (Mr Samuel Taylor) to each local member of regular troops, militiaman,re- servist, volunteer and yeoman, who has done active service in :South Africa during the campaign just closed, expressing the town's high appreciation of the services they have rendered to their country; (2) tnat each man, whether at home, or at present in South Africa, be presented with a copy of the programme of the Coronation celebration proceed ings ; (3) that a guinea be paid to each private and a guinea and a half to each non-commissioned officer ; (4) that the allowance to the wives of the men at present in South Africa be doubled for the Coronation week. There are only about seven or eight wives receiving pay from the fund at present. It will be, interesting to our readers to learn that there are about 40 men to partitipate in the com- mittee's gifts. SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO A tUNCORN MAN AT • WIDNES

. _ On Monday morning Thomas Boden, who resides in Thomas-street, Runcorn, met with a serious acci- dent while following his employment at 3fathie- son's works, Widnes, belonging to the United Alkali Compsny, Limited. It transpired that Bodes, who occupies the position of foreman, was superintend- ing the dismantling of a kind of tower or stage, built largely of huge baulks of timber, and was directing operations from a shed close by. The workmen were about to remove one baulk of timber when a second one became dislocated and fell with a huge crash through the roof of the shed, felling Boden to the ground. The men on the job went to his assistance, and Dr Hutchinson was summoned with all possible haste. • It was found that I3oden had sustained some serious injury which rendered him absolutely helpless, and after being attended by the doctor he was removed to his apartments, at Runcorn, on a stretcher. Here Dr Robinson was called in to see him, and from his examination it appeared that the man had been injured internally. He was, howaver, qtaite conscious, and able to relate how the accident occurred

ALLEGED CRUELTY TO COWS AT NEWTON FAIR. John Riley, of Market.street, Leigh, was charged at Newton Petty essions,on Thursday.with cruelty to cows. Mr Steel prosecuted on behalf of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and Mr Leach (Messrs Marsh, Son, and Calvert, Leigh) defended. Mr Steel said that on the 17th of May, Inspectors Print and Lucas were on duty in High-street, Newton, on the occasion of the annual fair,when they saw defendant in charge of ten cows, each of which were overstocked with milk, thus causing great pain, Inspector Print said he had to compel Riley to milk the COM, and one man had to hold the nose of the cow while another milked it. Inqiector Lucas and Mr Dixon, veterinary surgeon, of Warrington,also corroborated. For the defence, Mr Leach contended that tour of the cows were in calf, and it was not customary to milk them prior to it. They calved on the following Monday. De- fendant said the cows walked naturally, and he did not tell the inspectors that they were in calf, and that the distended udder was caused through them being in calf. Several witnesses gave evi- dence, saying that four of the cows were in calf on the day in question. The Chairman said there Seemed to be an immense variety of opinion in the matter. The bench eventually gave Riley the benefit of the doubt, and dismissed the case.

BLACKPOOL SUPAIKER:CAMP. commencing June.at Kirkham's Farm.—Breakfas Dinner. Tea and Supper every day for a week and a good camp bed for 155 ; week-end 68 6cl.—Apply H W I.IRIFFIN, Secretary, 153, Islington, Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAIVIES AND

ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Repeated showers made the wev.her coalitions unfavourable to the pursuit of outdoor recreation on Saturday; but most of the local cricket elevenv played off their fixtures. The enzagement between Warrington and Newton was however, abandoned after half an boar's play,the Warringtonians baying compiled 33 runs for toe loss of two wikt,. Ot this total J Gibbon was responsib:e for 19, and E A Connor far 13.

Too second eleven met Newton second at Newton and riu out easy victors. Bitting rirst. they ran rip a total of 93,t0 which Newton responded with only 41. For the winners R Pierpoint (24), IV Bennett (16), and R Connor (12), batted in capital style, F Gee and T Wilkinson with 11 each, being the tep scorers for Newton. D Plinston wai in good form with the ball, capturing three of the Newton wickets at a cost of one run. W Bennett acr...ounted for three wickets for elelien runs, and R. Crompton took three for 25.

Sankey Wire Mills scared a creditable victory over Knotty Ash. Batting first they had knocked up 82 for the loes of G wickets when the innings was declared, and the Knotty Ash contingent were all dismiesed for the aggregate of 46 Woodcock was the most successful batsman, his innings realizing 37 for the Wire Mills. lie also bowled effectively, taking four wickets for five runs. Clarke was responsible for an acceptable 17. For the visitors T IJaviss (12) was the only player to attain double figures.

Warrington Wesie,•ens defeated Penketh, bat it was only four minutes off time that the victory was gained. The Wesleyans declared their innings when the aggregate had reached 106 for S wickets, and just managed to dismiss all their opponents for 66. }I Hewitt batted in splendid form for the Wesleyans, and placed 41 to his credit. P Bailey knocked up W. For Peoketh, Cros•kill (23) and Warburton ',16) did good service. Th bowling of Doody larely contributed to the We4leyans' victory, that player's average being seven wickets for 20 runs.

r Working Men's 'Mission sustained a severe defeat at the hands of C.L.C. Engineers, GE being the ad- verse majority, Lawless (37) and Irvine (12) batted creditably for the victors.

St Paul's experienced hard luck in being beaten by Stretton and Appleton. Toe game was an escit- ing one, and the margin in favour of the winners was only two runs. S Mason (11) was the only batsman to reach double figures.

St Paul's 2nd fared better that the cenior con- tingents, defeatine Go!borne-street Baptists by the small majority of 6 rung. & Trow (16) hattel well for St Paul's, and Woodhead bowled well for the Baptists.

Ilichmonl's had little difficulty in accounting tor the Ist V.3.5.L.R. eleven, the soldiers being beaten to the extent of 23 run. W Rigby (12) was the top score. li,ene bowlel in capital style,capturiag six wickets for three runs.

Fairfield are going pretty strong this seassn. They defeated Grappenhall S. Wiifred.'s 2ad, on Saturday last by the ra-p3ctable margin of 21 runs So far the Fairriald seven have played six matches, winning four and loiing two. To day they meet Stratton and Appletm on their own ground.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO HORSES AT NEWTON.

A Batch of Cases.

At Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday, before Mr T J (chairmao). Ca lone! Wood,and Dr D3wling, John Hatton and John Holywell, of Earlestown, were charged with cruelty to a horse. Mr Steel, of Warring. ton, prosecuted on behalf of the Royal Society for the revention of Cruelty to Animals, and Mr J W of Widnes, defended. Mr Steel said that on M6V 12th Sergeant Liege and Constable Schofield met the defeßdant Holy well in Cros-line. Elates— town, in charge of a bay pony attached to a bpring cart laden with hay and straw. The pony was very lame on the Off hind leg, the hock was very hot, and the near side hock was stiff. He called defendant's attention to it, and Holywed said Hatton knew It was lame. Inspector Print visited Hatton's stable in the afternoon and examined the horse, and ordered it to be destroyed, which was done that evening. Evidence was given by Sa.geant Lingo, Constable Scho. field, and Inspector Print, the latter saying that when he lifted one leg no the ticrie could not stand On the other three, but fell aF.,,ainst the side of the stable. The defence admitted that the horse was lame,but the cru4ty[was not intentional, and on the suggestion of the inspector it had ben destroyed. 133 th defendants were nearly seventy years of age and had stainless characters, and Mr Knowles asked the bench not to record a Con- viction. The henna dismissed the case on payment of costs.

Frank Jones and Edward 0 r4l. of Plank-lane, L,igh, were also cbargcd at the same court with cruelty to a horse at the Newton Fair on the 17J1 ult. ()troll was fined 203 and costs, and Jones was dismissed. Thomas Purcell and John Dax on, of Croft, were charged with a similar otf,mce. rue bonds inflicted a fine of 203 and costs again,t Purcell. David Plinston,general dealer,of Warrin,v,ton,appeared to answer to a s nallar charge. Mr Steel said that Inspector Print saw defendant bating and trotting a black stallion in High-Areet,Newton.lt was very lame on both hind limbs Irons spavin. lie said he had given £4 fcr it, and would trot it,although the inspeotor told him not to. tie was very abusive. Atter evidence had been given, the Chairman int:mated that defendant bad a bad character, and would be fined 203 and costs or four- teen days' imprisonment with hard labour.

Gas Exhibition and Cookery Lectures at Earlestown. _ _

On Tuesday afternoon next, Mr ST Thompson, chairman of the Gas Committee of the Newton-in- Makertiell Urban District Council, will open an exhibition of gas cookers in the Town Hall, EarlAs- town. Etch afternoon at three o'clock, and each evening at 7 30 o'clock,plain and high-class cookery lectures, with new and economical recipes, will be delivered by Miss II H Tuxford,first-class diplornee, Manchester School of Cookery. These demonstra- tions will show Pow easy it is to do all classes of cooking on a good range, also how the gas range will enable the owner to save time, money and labour in the household. 'no ranges that will be used are supplied by the Urban District Coucil on easy bire-purcnase terms. The ranges are fixed free of cost. FATAL CYCLE ACCIDENT AT HAYDOCS

An inquest was held at the Town Hall, Earles- town, on Saturday morning by Mr S Brighouse, on the body of George Brown. 57 years of age, who died at his residence, Swan-road, Newton Common, on Thursday last. He left home on the previous Monday to go to St. Helens, but at night he was brought home unconscious by three men. He was put to bed, and the following naorning he toid his wife he had been knocked down by a cyclist in Blackbrook-road,llaydock. The cyclist's name was Harold Cooke, of Moss Cottages, Burtonwood. Mr Hayward was called in and attended deceased, but his efforts were unavailing.—Mrs Brown, the widow, gave evidence of identification.—Harold Cooke, the cyclist, stated he was coming down the road on the Monday, and he accidentally ran into deceased and knocked him down.—Dr Hayward stated that death was due to peritonitis —A verdict to that effect was returned, no blame being attached to the cyclist. WILFUL DAMAGE AT NEWTON. For damaging a field at Newton, in the occupa- tion of John Hatton, on the 24th of May, eight youths, named Thomas Glover, Charles Clarke. Thomas Cawley, John Brindle,Frack Cheeseborough George Birkenhead, William Simms, and Herbert Marsh, were ordered to pay 5s 6d each, including costs, by the magistrates at Newton Sessions on Thursday. Mr 3 W Knowles prosecuted, and de• fendants pleaded guilty. NEW PRINTS AND MUSLINS. New Silks, Trimming and Lace Collars, New Lace and Kid Gloves. '• Beautful Variety,"—W. T. Williams 74, SANYEY-STREET AND 1, LEGIT- MEET. Warrington.—Advt ,No BizTTER THAN THE HEST, but Better than the Rest, are ALT TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS. 45, Horse- , market-street, Warrington.—Adn.

THE THiriD CONTINGENT OF WARRINGTON VOLUNITZERS AT THE FRONT.

As there seems to be great interest in and some

anxiety as to the wnere-abouts and the home-coming- of these Volunteers who went to the front in April last year under the command of Captain B Fair- dough, we may mention that letters have been re- ceived from the Captain and from Private T W Davies so late as :•saturday last, stating that they were a6Dundee on the 17th of May, having left Vryheid for the latter place. They were expecting to remain at Dundee five or cis days, and then pro- ceed on their way home either to Capetownffor Durban. The exact time of depaiture or arrival is not yet known, but it is hoped they will be in time for the Coronation festivities. Thera Is no doubt that the Volunteers will, on their arrival home receive a hearty welcome. These men have had some real hard work, and have witnessed some curious sights, the last being an attack by Zulus on the Boers who had molested them. The Boers were hard pressed and came ince Vryheid with a ff la of truce asking for protection until the Zulus had calmed down. Airing of the latter came into Vryheid severely wounded and bleeding profusely, spears and shields covered with blood,—a horrible sight—and as Private Davies states the more they bled of tlinir wounds the more they laughed and made mirth, this being their way of fighting.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRADES AND LABfjUR COUNCIL.

The Education Bill.

The monthly meeting of this Council wai held on Tuesday evening, Mr J Edward;on pre=iding.

MR C E PARKER AND THE LIBERTIES OF THE PEOPLE. The SECRETARY said he had received the follow- !rag letter from NIL- C E Parker :—" Dear Sir, r ahocld be very glad if yourself and two other mem- bers of the Trades and Labour Council could sup- port me on the platform at the education meeting on Tuesday evening. This is a question whicti effects the working elss,es more than any others. A great wave of reaction threatens the liberties of the peop!e, and unless we stand together for popu- lar liberties, the powers of the priveleged classes will fasten burdens on the people—as, for instance, the corn tax— which it will be very difficult after- wards to throw off. Hoping your Council will be with us in force, I am, dear sir, truly yours, CHARLES E PARKER. The SECRETARY said that tickets were enclosed, but the letter was received too late to enable the Council meeting to be adimrned. Mr GREALEY suggested that the meeting be ad- journed, :and that the members should go in a body to the Parr Hal!. The proposal received no support, and the other business was proceeded with. THE MUNICIPAL NON-TRADING C )MMITTEE AND THE EDUCATION BILL—PETITION TO BE PRESENTED. The following letter from the solicitors to the Municipal Non-Trading Committee was read ;—At a meeting of the Municipal Non-Trading Committee held on May 20th, a small committee of three was appointed to meet a small committee of your Coun- cil to discuss the E Mention gii and the question of obtaining candidates for the next November ' election. Will you be kind enough to bring the matter before your Council, as we shou!d like to meet you as early as pos,ible, so that we can shortly present a petition to the House against the Corporation being made the educational authority. Yours faithfully, Spencer Wallhead and Sous, Mr Bum= proposed that the Secretary write to the Committee ir forming thom that it they were prepared to sopcort the Ccanc;i in the matter of fair contracts and the wages queition, they (the Council) would be pre- pared to meet toe deputation. Mr PAirnrerr moved that the lettsr be not entertained. Mr PLUMB seconded. Mr PLINbTON said he could not agree with the Non-- Trading Committee at all, lye tuse they appeared to have a per3onal animus against certain members of the Town Council, and they (the Trades Council) wantPd to get the support of those members upon labour questions. To his mind. the Cornmiitee would have hard work to find better men from their number thin they had in the Town Council at present. Mr GREXLE.Y seconded Mr Bickley's motion. Mr Y&TES remarked tba'. if the Council j iined with theNon-Trading Committee it would prrjudice the Town Council again:t them in anything which might be brought before them the Town Council.) On a vote tying taken, the amendment that the letter be not entertained was carried.

CORPORATION CONTRACTS. ' The Town Clerk wrote inforrning the Secretary that the matter of" fair " contracts had bsen considered by the General-Purposes Committee, and he had been in- structed to forw4rd a copy of the resolution passed by the Town Council on July 7.h, 1891. The resolution read 113 Fllws :—That in opinion of this Council, it is the duty of the Corporation in all Corporation con- tracts to make proviion against the evils recently dis- closed before the Sweating C xramittee of the house of Lords, to insert such conditions as mar prevent abuse arising from stab-letting, and to make every effort ta secure the nayment of such wages and the observance of the working hours as are generally accepted as current in each trade for competent workmen.

The SECRETARY said thug leer left them in the same p.sition ea before. He had written a farther letter to the Town Clerk, and had received a reply stat ug that it wood b, Lai before the Gene,al Pulpleer' Committee.

RESIDENT FACTORY INqPECTOR REQUIRED. A discussioai ti.-ils place with reference to the proposal that application be made with a view to obtaining a resident factory inspector for Warrington. It was eventually dEcided that a resolution be sent to the Lan- cashirs Federation of Trades and Labour Councils,asking them to assist the Council in trying to obtain additional factory inspectors for the Lancashire district. This was all the business of importance.

SILVER TrEi LEE OF THE REV. FATHER O'REILLY NEWTON. During last week end the Silver jubilee of the Rev Father O'Reilly of St. Mary's R.C. Church, Newton, was celebrated by the congregation, the rev gentleman having completed his 25th year of priesthood. The rev gentleman has expressed him- self to the effect that he does not wish to accept anything from the congregation, but he would like to have add?d to the burial ground attached to the church, the field adjoining and in order to meet his wishes, a drawing for articles of value has been arranged and is heing energetically worked. On Sunday morning Mass was sung by Father O'Reilly and the choir afterwards sang Hayden's Imperial N 0.3 Mass, assisted by string band. On Monday evening a free concert was given in the Town Hall, to the church congregation, in celebration of the jubilee. The room was well filled and the follawing gave their services :—Miis Beatty. Miss A Dannett and Miss Battersby ; Messrs J lligham, L Batters- by, Vir Russell and McDermott, Master C Higham accompanying. A short address was given by Father O'Reilly during tin interval in the entertain- ment.

VIADUCT WORKS OFFICE STAFF PICNIC. The annual summerbuting of the office staff and foremen of the Viaduct works took place on Satur— day, The weather was dull and threatening, but fortunately it was fine, and an enjoyable day was spent. Leaving Earlestown shortly after nine o'clock the party journed to Lancaster in a special saloon, reaching there:a little b,-,f ore 12 o'clock,the weather at that time being bright and promising, The County Hotel was made the headquarters, and here an excellent lunch was partaken of. About half-past one, a coach and four conveyed the party to Silver- dale by way of Bolton-le-Sands, Slyne, Carntorth, and Wharton. An hour was spent at Silverdale and just after four o'clock the return journsy was started upon, the route lying by way of Wharton 6175 g T , anhde ryYceolulanntd, Lancaster being reached about was in splendid condition, the ilac and hawthorn bloum being of remarkable beauty and profusion. Dinner was served at the County Hotel, and at the conclusion several toasts were proposed, and duly honoured. Lancaster was left, behind at 8.40 and itarlestown was reached at 11,30 pm. The arrangements were efficiently I carried out by Mr T F Roberts.

WHERE To DRESS WELL AND CHEAP. NODLENIAN, MEHARRY AND

CLOTH AND SERGE WAREHOUSE. CLOTHS Is. 2D. PER YARD 50 De. DOUBLE WIDTH. ALL-WOOL GENTS AND BOYS strITINGS,64 IN. 2s. 6. PER WEL TROUSRRINGS FROM IS. 6D. PER YARD. CLOTHS ALL MAKES AND QUALITIES IN STOCK, FROM Is. PER YARD. CLOTHS FOR COATS AND SKIRTS, ALL MARES AND SHADES FROM le. PER YARD, ALL LININGS, CANVAS dc, KEPT IN STOOK. NODLEMLN, MEHARRY AND Co.. 22.7 BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. (FIVE DOORS FROM CROWN-STREET.)

OUR MR. MEHARRY IS LATE OF HARFORD AND CO LIVERPOOL.

Send for Patterns, post free. Business h-ours, 9to 8,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONE.

There ia only one "First " in a race, and it is acknowledged without doubt that GWILYM EVANS QUININE BITTERS, 'The Vectible Tonic, is The Best Itemedy of the Age for Weakuess, Nervousness, Indi- gestion, Loss of Appetite, Chest Affections, Low Spirits and influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by dire sae, and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulatss the circulation, assis:s and pro- motes digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the serves and fortifies the muscles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ;it rern#Ves all im- purities and obstructions from roe human body, and gives tone to the who:6 system. Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the formula includes the Tonic properties of Sarsaparilla, Siffron, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine, and is suitable to all ages, fum the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote themselves to study and brain work, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to those who breathe impare air, and all who have to stand exposure of the weather. People that euff:r from brain tag and sleeplessness, who feel "out of 6ort s" and "run down," find rap,d and p-rmauent ieie from the use of Gwilynn Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties contnually at their furthest stretch, and life is all hurry awl worry. Lit:le wonder it is tcat this extreme tension leads to an unusual wsar and tear of the nerves and that these hard-worked toilers require an extra sustenance for body and brain. Now, Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, /old men are wise if they look atie;cl arid preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about this renowned preparation— let, used by the medical profession ; 2nd, a purely vegetable compound ; 3rd, absolutely tree from mer- cury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; s'h, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics off :red to the public, but they may be classified under two heads : —The Best and The Rest. GWILYM EVANS' QUINITIE BITTERS IS THE BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the name " G wilyin Evans " on label, stamp, end bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles at 2s 91 and 4s 61, or in cases containing three 43 61 bottles at 12s 61 per case. Should any difficulty be aspetienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward for the above prices, card ige free. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILTII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

BOWLING.

SOUTHPORT CONSERVATIVE CLUB v. WARRING- TON CONsERVATIVE CLUB.

AI int"re3ting mated at lascv;s was played on Satur- day at Warricgtnu, wninh rosuPed in a win fdr tido Warrington te.ln bg 120 puts. Messrs F Holt, F Barber, and F Redfern gave a grand ditiplay of bowling. Sc:dre

WARRINGTON. SOUTHPORT. J P Taylor (capt) . 1111, J Woehy (apt) 5 f 6 J MGittiss W Strettle A. }II Siddall ll S Rigby W Hill ll ( r T Norris J Hebdre`la li Booth J Geoders F Redfern W Dooley hton G Warburton ll 1. 9 J. Rhodes F Barber G li Smith ll t „ J Kay 79110 W Bellian H P Turner J Billinge 97 69 69

===== 0002601_19020613_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET BETTING. ---- Heavy Fines on Narrington Book- makers.

A Growing Evil, Seraral cases of street betting were dealt with at the Warrinaton Paice Court on Manday, this maximum penalty being imposed in each. In the first case Harry Green, Greenall-acrest, was summoned for frequentine, end using Winwick-atreet, for the purposes of betting on May 15th, 1611, and 17th. Defendant did mot appear. —The Chief Constable in opening the case remarked that street batting was mare than ever a growing evil. With regard to the present ease the defandant was watched lay Datective Meaeock on May 15th from twalve noon until a quarter past two in the afternoon. The occasion was tne Nawmarkst spring nanetiog. Defend- ant. who Was a well-known bookatakar, was seen ti take slips and money from nine rasa On the 18:h. the occasion of the Gatiwi2k and Haydonk Park spring mestinge, Detective Meacook and P C Whittakar saw him take slips from six men. Ha Mara paid some silver coins to a boy and made a note of the translation in a beak. On the 17ch defendant took slips and money from 24 men and two boys. Tee oftiser saw 83 persona go to him, but rosily in 28 cases was he able to swear that the aassaen of alas and money took plane Oa the 17ch a police witneue went to defendant with a slip ald soma money which he took, but afterwards handed back and said he Was doing nothine that day. Selo .aquently be went to she witnrsa ant off ..trae to take the slip and money. WP:T;(449I told him ha was too late as ha hai put the maney on with another book- =Akin. Evidence was given la; Detective Meacock and Geeree Pritchard, a labourer ire the mplay of the Corporation. who made a bet with the defeadant, and a fine of £5 and costa was imposed. Defendant was summoned for a similar enacts on May 20th and 21st. The Chinf Canstabla said that on the first day Detec- tive Moacock and P.C. Clough saw defendant make b te with 41 mars and ono boy and on the seaone day with 32 nten• The man Pri,ohard again mado a het wittt atA further fine of £5 and coats was inflicted. Defeneant was also summoned for a similar ()fiance on My 28th and 30:h. The Chief Constable said de- fealant Amelia bate with 29 men and two boys on the fir ;t dat. and with 14 men and one boy on the aecand. A third filo of .£5 and colts was Thomas Parker, Ashten-street, was summoned for ueing Winwick-street for tha mimosa of betting on Mae 171 a and 20:h, and en a second information for a similar offence or. May 28t1. Toe Cnief Claw:able said that on May 17th defendant made a bet with the men Pritchard, this beige the bet which had baen previously related by Green. On May 20th Detective Meaoacko and C Clough saw him near Central Station and Pritshard made a bet with him. Altogether clafandant teak four bate that day. Oa May 28•11 he took bats from 12 men. Defandapt, who had nothing to say, was fined £5 and costa in each case. William Parkas. sea ef the last &fondant, was fitted 15 and c:sta for a similar offence on May 28;h, 28te, and 30th. Alderman ftablrti said that he was glad to find that the 'nformstioaft wPre heist separated. The Calef Constable said teat, encouraged by what had taken place that m-arine. he might in future make each and every date a saparata infoemation. Perhaps that might have. a deterrent effant. Ho was determined o continua his efforts to Miainliia Or! evli.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A PENKETH GENTLEMAN'S WILL.

Action in the Chancery Court. An aetion was helrd before Vice-Chancellor Hall, in the Chancery Court at Liverpool on Monday, as to the will of the late Mr Matthew Tas lor, of rinketh. It ap- peared from counsel's statement to the Curt that,in the preparation of the will important clauses were by *esti- nemt omitted, and the geeetion for the decision of the court was whether those clauses could be added to the will, or whether the testator bad died hatostake as to nne-tenthe of his property. Mr Younger, K Coatui Mr Grant Om tructed by Meears Robert DIViIS. Kirconnel, Divies Burgesil and Hatton, of Warrington) argued on behalf of the representatives of the heir-at-law of the testator that it was not possible for the Court to iwert the omitted trusts as it could only be conjecture as to what the test ator intended to ineert. Mr Neville, K C., M.P., and Mr Harold Mather (instructed by Messrs Brewis and Son) of St. Helens), on behalf of the children of the testator's nephews and nieces who claim to be entitlsA under the missing trusts. Contended that there was sutfieient indication in the will as it stood to show that t'stator intended to benefit such ehildree. The Vice-Chancellor, in hie judgment, decided that from certain chillies in the will it was obvious that the will as it stood did not express the intention of the tes- tator, and he fur:her held that the testator'e intention was to have inserted trusts for the children of all his nephews and nieces Eirnilar to trusts actually inserted in the:will in favour of the children of a niece who had died before him. He also held that the will must be read as if the estate had been given by the testator upon similar trusts to tioo2e expressed in favcur of the chil- dren of the deceased niece so far as circumstances will permit.

Organ-grinders in the Skyrank Division of Yorkshire b•-ge to carry A light on their instruments after dark. °xi of the fraternity was fined Is and costs at the Leeds West Riding Police Court on Tuesday for omitting to properly observe the rule. Lee; night, at Northwicb Urban Council meeting, a letter W 3.9 submitted from the county council drawing attention to the high infantile mortality in the district, inquiring what steps were being adopted to reduce it, and suggestng much benefit might result by inducing ladies to visit the poor and instruct mothers as to the care and management of young children. A discussion ensued, the importance of the subject being filly recog- nised. The communication was referred to ths Health Commirl-ee.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
172 114 114

Total points... 236 Total p lints —166 Majority for the Warrington Cluo, Iso. NRWTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCI&TION. NEWTON CI B AND T C V. NEWTON NURSENT.—PIayeI on Caturday. /Score AT NEWTON C B AND T C GROUND. scwrnx C B AND 1' C. NEWToN NURSERY. J W C:o sahley 2l W Tasker J Bedworth W S Fairclough H Holdgate II Hill 91 J Raynor G Houghton . 2l J Burgess • 20 T FaircLough 2l T Boardman 3 Einamer . 17 J Davidson

164 AT lIEWTON NURSERY.

..... ....................-____ NEWTON C B AND T C NEWTON NIIRSBRY. A Clough T Boardman 2l J Braddock W Owen 21 G Williamson A Be. rdinau 7 W Randal' 2l J Bennett T Gorse (7 geCrirmi2k J Unsworth .. 147 132 Majority for Newton C B aid T C. 39. HALTON V SARACEN'S HEAD. This return en2agement was played at the Norton Arms Hotel, Ha ton, on Saturday, when a pleasant game ended in a win for Haltom by 73 points. On the two garnei the reellt was a victory for the Saracen's Head team by 14 points. Score : B. D. B. D. HILTON. SARACEN'S HEAD. P Jeacook . W Wilson 12 Dawson 6 id Johnson ll ( ' T Price G Wainwright 1 8 I Green J Ellison ll 1 v., J Broadbent ....... ..... 31 13 E Brcwn T Con W Gregory ki. Dugdale ll} D Richardson II Ho aghtoa I Goodier 5 12 F crute A Dnlton 67 t 10 W Wilkinson ll J " sr Isherwood —— 1 16i 100 106 86

A LIVERPOOL INCIDENT.-1Ver1:110! reporter has jusil inveatigated a peculiar Case in which a Texteth woman has beea remarkably cured by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. The particulars are given in another column of this jessie. 'Thew pills are now very highly regarded by all clause of the community, by nason of the unfailing way they have cured rhemine- Cigna. Sel4tiO4, neuralgia, garalcsie, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous neadashe, and indigestion, alealdiseases of the Yocd, such as scrofula, chiooic erysipelas, ,51.7,. They are a splendid tome and restore pale and tall•w complexions to tho glow of health, a specific for all troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men effect a radical cure of all cases arising from worry, overwo:k, or excise. Dr. Williams' pink pilla are sold hy all chemists, sr may be had direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, Hothorn-viaduct, mden. at 291 per tY x, orsix baxea for 13e. 91. They are never scld loose, and any subititutes so sold are we- less; ; the wooden box meat be in a pink wrapvr bear- ing the fall name D. Vtilliame pink pills ler pale people.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONG PULL.

Warrington Magistrates and the Alleged Arrangement with Publicans. Before the ordinary busina.s was commenced at the Warrieeton Police Court on M mdav, the Coairman (Mr F Monk') said he saw it reported in the papers on Satur- day that Cafe Img pull waa continued by out-door licensees and that i: bad been done by asrangament with the magiatratee. H. (the Chairman) wished to say that tOa 111. igiarates bad no knowldge w hatever of any , such arrangement. (Hoar, hear.) Anyone who con- tinued the praatice did so at his own risk. The Berieh would be glad if the Chief Constable would get all the information be could with referauca to the matter and Beholds it at the proper time. Toe Chia Camisole asked the magletrates to define the risk. The Chairman said the risk wuli be the refusal of the hesses. This was an illegl practice, and there was no jest bedtime for it. One witness at the meeting of I the Assessment Committee said it was done with a view to increasing her trade. The Chief Constable said he was not aware that it was illegal. The Magistrates' Clerk (Mr G F F White) advised that ' it was not illegal. The Chairman eaid a bserseller was entitled to give a pint of beer when that amount was ordered and no more. The Clerk said it was not illegal to give more. The Chief Constable said that for that r,ason he Gould not take proceedings. It was within the knowledge of the magistrates that considerable negotiations had gone on between tbe police and the people interested in the trade about this locg pu.l. The nault was that an undertaking was given by all branches of the trade that the lout pull as it oncs esisted In Warringten would be abandoned. but that a little over-tune of measure which wag stated and defined would continue to be given. , While that was not in any way endorsed or counten- tanned it was not condemned, and in face of the Clerk's ruliat he could not take proceedings. R.Met ts said that was not the Chairman's point. The point WAS that in a case which came before the Assessment Committee a stat.ment was made by an applicant for a reduction of his assessment that with regard to the out-door trade, of which his business largely consisted, the long pull was still in operation as part of an arrangement made with the Bench. What the Chairmen wish,d to call attention to was that it was not within the knowledge of the Bench that the long pull was in operation even se far se the out-door trade was concerned. ant certainly that it was not in operation by the consent of the Bench. The Chief Constable said that as it wae not illegal be had loser' powerloss to interfere in the matter. The I practice wee not illegal although it was highly immoral, I improper, and undesirable.

Why the Coroner Was Careful. At an inquest at St. Helens on Tuesday the Coroner (Mr S Brighouse) questioned a witness at some length as to the identification of a body found in a canal. He remarked that his past experience made him very careful. On one occasion twelve jurymen and himself calmly and deliberately deal- ded that a certain man was dead; but three months a!terwards the identical man put in an appearance and said he wasn't dead. (Laughter.)

The King's Liverpool Regiment in Camp. On Monday evening about 600 men of the 3rd and 4th Battalions of the King's Liverpool Regiment left Bank Quay Station for Saliabury Plains. where the annual encampment will be held. They were under the command of Major Ford, and paraded at Orford Barracks at Fix o'clock. They afterwards marched to Bank Quay Station escorted by a large crowd. The men will stay at Salisbury Plain for a ,period of six weeks.

WARRINGTON V NEW TON-LE- WILLOWS.—Rain nter. f ere with the progress et this return match at Warrington oa Saturday, and only a little over hall an hour's play was possible. Score

ITAIIRINGTON.

E A Connor not out . 13 P B Hawtin rill out J Gibbon c SVihiaot b Huish l3 Extras

Totql 35 3WLING ALYS IS.

0. :X. R. W. Huish .boylanee 6 1 21 0

WARRINGTON V NEWTON-L6-WILLOW4 (SECIND ELEVENS). —This return match was played at Newton oa daturday, when the Warringtonians oats more asserted themselves aud WOE a decisive victory. BCOND : WARRINGTON. NEWTON. It Connor run out Pieruoint o Prrry 1, Crompton Briggs 2; A Harrison o and b •

T Houghtono Harrison b Bennett Wilkinson 9 1 Barr run out 0 A Duckworth b F liar- F (iv! at Duckworth b rison E Y.erpoint lbw b F Har- T .Wilkinaon b Plinston 11

rison ts, Hind b Wilkinson 6 b Crompton .... ......... .. 8 R Crompton St Perry b A Pen•lry b Bennett Wilkinson 3 d gsvaatloya e Bennett b W Richardson c and b _ _ Plioston

Wilkinson 0 B Perry Piorpoint b D Piinston c and b Wil- _ Bennett

Mason 5 Q Porter c Hind b Houghton not out ..... T tsin W B,nnett c Barr b T Briggs not out Wilkinson Extra.; 3

Total 96

Extras

Total

WILICIR'S BRRWRRY) V BURTON BRZWERY.—This watch was plays I at Burten-on-Trent on Saturday last. aud resul- ted in a lucky win for the Burton team by the narrow margiv of one run. For the Warrington team 3 Milner bowled well, taking six wickets for eighteen runs. Scores : W.A.RRINayov. BultTON. J. Arbor c Fisher b %Velvet' 10 T Shipley run out, .... ..... 1 J Lloyd b Weavtr J Cain c Bunting b Weyer 1 Milner 8 3 Milner a Tomlinson b 0 Faulkner run out Weyer A Bate b Fishcr . . 1 W Weaver b Milner 3 T Wright b Weaver ... ...... 0 H J Fisher a Bate b W Brooks b Weaver 1 Milner 3 Tilling not ore 4 W Tomlinson c Wright b J Bamber h Fisher 1 Milner IL tilennon run out A Ross b Weaver 4 Milner C Baton stp krooks b Milner 0 A Bowled run out 0 A Bunting not out 1 byes

Total 35

Total

SANKEY' WERE MILLS Y. KNOTTY ASH —rayed on Satur- day on the Wire Mills ground, and ended in a win for the home team bp 36 runs. Score :

WIRE MILLS. KNOTTY ASH. Woodcock o Ferguson Burton la Rigby J Evans c T Davies b Rigby 7 Kenwright Is Burton Clark. b T Davies l7 T Davies sit 11 Cook b Gough C Cobb b Muir Ford not out 4 Cobb. and b Burton R.,Cook b Ferguson 1 Muir bit Cook 8 W Evans not out 2 Jump c W Evans b R Cook 3 Rigby not out 4 Ferguson c Burton b Woodcock 1 Turton b Woodcock 5 G Davies b Woodcock— 0 , Extras 2 Extras 3

Total (for 6 wkts)... 82

Total 4B

WORKING MFN'S MISSION • C.L.C, ENGINEERS.—PIayed at Arpley on Saturday, and resulted in an easy wi• for the Engineers. Score :

_ C.L.C. MISSION. P Lawless b Hassall 37 J Darin b Monks J Duckworth run out W Irvine b Cox ll Duckworth 0 S Howard b Hassall BiddleswJrth c Hough b H Dutton b Duckworth... 1 Dargin Deeley b Nekton 0 Duckworth Monks not out lB I Haseall b Monks Brown b W Bibby I Lawless lbw ti W Bibby 0 J Cox b Monks 4 Hackett net not Ci. Hough c P Lawless b , Hooka Extras 3 Extras

Total (for 8 wkta)... 83

Total 22

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS v PENKETH FRIENDS SCHOOL.— Those teams met at Penketh. and the match resulted in an easy win for the visitors by 46 runs, Latchfoid making 72 to the home teat's. 23. For the winners Hallam was top scorer with 25, whilst Hunt, Lester, and S Albinsen also reached double figures. In the attark Hallam also secured six 'wickets for 12 runs, and Conway four wickets for eig ht runs.

LATCHFORD CHRIST Ononca CHOIR V Sr. PAUL'S CHOIR. —Played at Aroley on Saturday. Score :—Latchford Christ Church, 34 : St Paul's, 32.

-!`"

===== 0002601_19020613_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY JUNE 13 1902

===== 0002601_19020613_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN T GREAT HARWOOD.—PIayed At Barlestown on Saturday afternoon. score i— I GREAT HAR WOOD. EARLESTOWN. Dawson c Wainwright b It A Robinson a Frost b Bartley ' es Mills 23 F Y Moorhouse is Goalie b T Bartley at Dawson b Eylance 0 Mills 2 0 Holding c Robinson b W H Crowther a Stalls- 1 Miller ......... ............... ... 0 field b Worswick lO A. Stansfield 0 Davies b W Rylancis b Mills ..... Bylaw:es W Chadwick c Davies b field b Mills ... ......... .. 4 Sandford W Holding b Marsh ._ 7 Mills 1 R T Mills o Gosiin b marsh 8 T Barker not out 0 J Frost c VI ainwrigh b II Sandford, A Davies, B Bylance 8 Goslin, 3 Miller:did not W R Hartley not out 4 bat 3 Worswick not out W iKirkbright did not bat Llixtras 1 Extras

Total 133 Total BABLEIBTOWN 2ND V. NV/NSTAILEY ram Exp.—Played at Winatanley on Saturday.—dcore _

WiNiTANLEY EARLICSTOWN. HLucas c Baler bliarrison 4 J Burrell c Domini! b

J Ashurst c Grseaall b Fairolough 3 Harrison 3 VI Hatton is Ashurst b J Humphrey b Harrison B Fairciough b Burrell - B Leigh b Fairclough 3 4 Lucas Heade b Harrison 5 W Morse o Atherton b _ . .

- J.. Atherton b Harrison G Gibson b Burrell .0 F J Reade o Atherton b J Parker b Harrison Fairclough 0 Owen b TA Liznond net out 68 Burrell J Hurst not out P Bownham b ;garrison 0 D B Owen did not bat— 0 F Butler did not bat W Harrison did not bat 0 Extras 2 Extras 0

Total 4l

Total for 5 wkto 100

GRAPPENICA.I.I. V. WINNINGITON PIRK.—At Grappenhall onnaturday, on a wet wicket, an even game moulting in a draw. W IlOgkinson played a very attractive game for the visitors. Score :

OR 4PPENICALL. WITNINGTON PARK. Burrows b W Hodgkinson 9 Pondlebury b W Watson 0 Warburton b Walkden ~ 3 Walker b W Watson 4 Banks o Pendlebury b W Hodgkinsou o Pearson Walkden 0 b Warburton 26 Gifford e Pendlebury b W Walkden b Warburton 1 Hodgh Jason lB Bills b W Watson ......... 6 Owen b Walkden l2 HHo igkinson b Warbur- Bills b Walkden G Watson b Walkden 8 Oapner b Warburton 1 Pearson not out —__

—... ~......- .. ..... W Watson run out 0 son Hobla ts Norcross b Rocli- Holliwell net out 0 kinson 1 Cree not out Ellison b Hodgkinson ...... 2 Extras 2 rxtras

Total B6

Total (for 8 wkts) 63

GRIPPENHALL ST. WifzinD's 2ND v. FAIRFIELD.—This matah was played on the ground of Fairfield and resulted in a win for the home team after an exalting game. Score :

GRLPPENUALL. i'Ailin RLD. Carter b Nield Hallows lbw b Meld Wicks c Burley be Nield ... 0 S Price b Mason Alison c 8 Price b Board- _ Boardman b Hallows.-- 4 _

man 0 Norman a and bialbinson 9 Brown c D Price b Nield Sinailes b Boardman Kertland a S Price b Nield 13 Young a Kertiand b Albinson b S Price Fairhurst a J Price b S Price 0 7 Price not out ll Ratbbone b Price 1 D Price o Hallows b Branahall not out 1 Albinson 4 Sumner b Mason 1 Extras ......... ............ 0 Extras 4

Total

otal 59

CROSFIRLD'III 2Nn V EIRLESTOW P.S.Lt.—Played at Stockton Reath on Saturday, and en ie lin a win for Gros- field's. Score :—Crosfield's, a for nine wickets ; Earlestown PS A, .3.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS EFFECT OF SHOCK -- Liverpool Woman's Peculiar Experience.

Shocke often affect people—usually nervous people —in a peculiar way. The sight of an accident,bad news, the death of a relative, have frequently been known to prey upon the minds of highly-strung individuals, until serious consequences resulted. When such a thing happens in the case of a strong, healthy person,one who never knew what nervottenees is. the case presents a peculiar study for medical men. A rather interesting sass of the kind has attracted attention in the Toxteth district of Liverpool. Up to January, 1898, Mrs Fanny Williams, of 42, Barclay-streat, Toxteth Park, was a robust woman, who hardly ever knew a day's illness. Then her hui,btnd died . a collapse occurred, and it seemed at one time that nothing could be dona to restore her. As she and members of her 1 amity explained to a Liverpool reporter, who made some inquiries into the case, i was only after Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people We7.o tried that her former health was restored.

MRS. F. WILLIAMS. (From a phot by Strickland. Liverpool). Tile reporter met Mrs. Williams in her eon's 1101160 in the same strect. The yeurig man. wit° is a clerk ilia ill-) employ of one of the railway companies, is a keen politician, and takes an active interegt in political affairs in Tontetn district, Btfore Mrs. Williams carne into the parlour the young man gave the tAcwing brief outline o! her peculiar eiperienee _ _

" My mother is fifty @ix years of age," he said, " and up to he time of m; father's death, lu January; 1893, she had been a healthy, active worn tn, Sue had always a robust look ; but after my father's death she seemed ta give way all at once, and we feared there was sovie- tising internally wrong with her. Neither medicine nor change of air had any effect %span her. We began te think we would soon lose her as well as father. " Row did she surfer ? " asked the reporter. " She collapsed all at 0 lee after father's death," re- plied Mr Williams. She got into a weak and de- pressor] state' and her stomach went wrong. Nothing that she took world remain on it, and although we got dyepepsin powders for her they did no good, her food continuing to return. She could not even bear the sight of a glass of beer, which stag had alvvays itr4viously ea- plod before supper. She took so little food that we oten wondered what kept her alive. Then, as a natural sorpequenos, she fell away in the flesh, and was so much pulled down that we 'began to think she was suffering from amber or some deadly ailment. This went on fr,r over two years, until she became a confirmed invalid. She was aleverly treated by a doctor, bat nothing seemed to do her any good, and we could see plainly every day that she wax gradually getting weaker. This is nos to be wondered at, as nourishment would not remain on her stomach.

"Well." he eontinned. " at this tine I WAR pArtilll- - strenk with several wonderful cures which I read about in the newspapers that had been effected by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. One case was so like my mother's that I spoke to a friend in Birkenhead, who had taken the pill, and who said be could give Dr. Williams' pink pills a splendid name as they bad made him a new roan. I went at once and bought a box i The effect Was almost magical, for borere she had floished one boa else told us she felt much better, and she began to look better too. When she had taken about four boxes she began to pull up so rapidly that she was looking like her old self ag,ain, She was able to take her food and enjoy it. without tho distressing indigestion symptoms, and with renewed health her naeurally cheerful disposition soon overcame the objec- tion which had crept upon her. MN. Williams was then brought into the room, and her healthy look and matronly appearance, with the pleasant smile with which she greeted the reporter,fully bore out all that her eon had said regarding her im- proved health. Mrs Williams more fully described some features of her illness.

" When I began to feel bad," she Pais?, t,a nasty trem- bling sensation used to came over me, and my stomach went wrong. I shall never forget what I suffered from my back, or how miserable I was. I did not ears if I never saw food. Many a time I have had to take off my clothes during the day and go to bed, I was so weak. It was a happy day for me when my son fetched me a hex of Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, and in- sisted that I should give them a trial. I had tried so many thihgs in vain that I really did not bflieve any- thing would make ma better; but I am thankful and grateful that such a remedy was brought within my roach. I think lam now eating better than I have ever done in my life. My friends tell me lam looking so well that they want to know what I have ben taking." "I suppose you are quite willing that the particulars of your case should be made public, for the benefit of othera ? " " Certainly," replied Mrs Williams. " I only wish that all sufferers would try Dr Williams' pink pills."

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending June 7tb, was 91. The number in the corresponding weck of last year was 90, showing an increase of 1, being a net decrease in 1902, to dato,of 80.

'•-• e.•- "" l' -" ' • ). vrof• 'Tkii .• ~e- plisoilip: A ~.,„ •. ,t, i,..•...,.. , ,„...,,,. 11,1 ty i ( \,,, • , .., . ' it, °4 .

===== 0002601_19020613_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
• • This is an age of progress. MAZAWAT TEE MILKBri-itpsg product. CHOCOLATE Is a great improvement upon s foreign milk chocolates. '

===== 0002601_19020613_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE:

The country has hardly settled dom. yet from the pleasant excitement which followed the welcome proclamation of peace, a cessation from hostility after the trials, and tribulations of nearly three years which has scarcely been realised in its fulness. Consequent upon peace have come - *no or two particularly pleasing functions, especially his Majesty's personal and the national essages to Lord Kitchener, Lord Milner and the Army, who have earned the undying gratitude of their fellow subjects by their dogged perseverance and indomitable persistence, without which the British Empire would have stood in. grave danger of being broken up. To Lord Kitchener especially all have cause to be deeply grateful, as he appears to have been as instrumental in procuring. peace with honour as in waging war relentlessly, yet as humanely as circumstancer permitted, and the prompt recognition by his public threefold reward was as mucir appreciated by the nation as by the proud recipient. In the peerage he was advanced to the rank of a viscount, while in his profession his standing of full general was confirmed, and he was voted in addition a pecuniary reward of £50,000. Of this there was generally only one criticism, and that was chagrin that the amOunt was not twice as great and equal to Lord Roberts's remuneration, as it is felt that Lord Kitchener has done quite as much, if not more, than the Commander-in-Chief did. It is also a national regret that the hero of the hour cannot be home in time for the Coronation procession, as no more popular feature could be provided, especially if our newly-acquired friend, Christian de Wet, could have accompanied him. However, August is probably the earliest date possible for Lord Kitchener's departure, when he will return home on six months' leave preparatory to taking up the command in India in s ccession to Sir Power Palmer. In South Africa his mili- ary supremacy will he allocated to General tNeville Lyttelton, who has done consistently well throughout the War, and has won golden opinions. This officer will join with Lord Milner in,

EN. NEVILLE LYTTELTON VISCOUNT KITCHENER B SUCCESSOR IN SOUTH AFRICA.

the pleasant task of spreading peace, and it can be confidently hoped that every success will attend their efforts, as our new fellow-subjects, after their most gallant fight, seem to be accepting the inevitable in a very generous spirit, advised and prompted by their generals. Sunday was a most memorable day throughout the Empire with its uniform Thanksgiving Services, in which the same hymns of praise and form of service were nsed.\ His Majesty drove with her Majesty and the Royal Family to St. Paul's amidst general rejoicings to attend the representative national celebration, which was echoed throughout the whole country. The Cathedral was packed to bursting point, and the joyousness of the occasion was echoed in every feature of the service.

The selection of the Hon. l'vlichael Herbert, C. 8., to succeed the late Lord Pauncefote as British Ambassador to the United States, is a popular one on both sides of the Atlantic. Mr. Herbert is no stranger to the Americans, for he has already been twice at Washington, first as Charge d'Affaires in 1888-9 and again in 1892-3, when he gained—what is of supreme importance —an intimate knowledge of the American people. Possessed of plenty of tact, great charm of manner, and of distinguished social connections, as well as high intellectual attainments, Mr. Herbert's career has been singularly successful, and now, at the comparatively young age of forty-five, he is in one of the most coveted posts of the Diplomatic Service—that of First Secretary of the British Embassy in Paris. The late Lord Pauncefote was an ideal Ambassador to the United States, and it was no easy task to find a successor. The post needs qualificptions not ofter united in one personality, br 3ed in a lar

LORD PATJNCEPOTE'S SUCCESSOR, AND BRITISH EMBASSY AT WASHINGTON.

degree by Mr. Michael Herbert. No British diplo- matist is so well versed in American affairs, or in the relations between America and Great Britain. He is understood to have done a great and good tservice to arrange terms while the Joint Inter- Inational Commission was proceeding, and his japperintment is held in Washington as pointing td Fehe determination of the British Government to prenew the negotiations for a settlement between Great Britain, Canada, and the United States. The qww Ambauador i§ imarricd tct claarming

THE IMPRESSIVE TE6IISGIVING SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL.

American wife, a• circumstance which, acierding to the traditions of the old diplomacy, might be reckoned somewhat of a disqualification, but whicb it is safe to say, will, in the present case, be nc disadvantage. Mr. Herbert's appointment lE considered most fortunate for the continued main- tenance of our present cordial relations with the United States, and the nation will wish him ever! success in his new and more responsible post. The King, as most if not all his subjects are aware, is a very enthusiastic motorist. During his Easter holiday, it will be remembered, when he was not on board the Royal yacht his Majest! was usually to be found taking a spin somewhere on the South coast on his automobile, and since that time one or another of his cars has been ont with its illustrious owner almost daily. Queen Alexandra and the Prince and Princess of Walee are also often to be seen on a motor car, and it is not surprising to learn that the Premier has taken to the modern form of locomotion. The tricycle upon which Lord Salisbury has hitherto

-7---, -_-_, ,-------, ; \ ..-- `4... (w p 1--31`.i1,,,, cki '. .3, --?at, . ..., , . /7,-- ( 7 F / / . ....-- , \ G

in :y7 but pmess, ..zge r, ( fri iN . , ~_ : / --' Tio ~. ~....4,.047----\,_„ ~ ff,l4, .......L77.-H,r. fil ..4 1...01 _, .e). % .\, ~-i, --.1) ,-, , ).; 3;..1----i- - ,i,,/.-7,.-if_ -; IF)!.:.-. 1 r , irmommuir Alg o ii, „ 1..,,,i,.... i,„ liro...6min mit 411 ~ *, nu , , --- 4 ' THE

....-. " ..1 IC; 711 Ile\ 044 ,• 1 - . (I_,,t ~4 1 ,„..,,,,,;,-, (' ~!i ' ... A- , , .., ~-,. .., ..,,,„ ~ , \ ..i e:A0i1k,,,,41. -1-- ,'";://. 'il 1f •i '1•"'•44141 . ' , --, • ~:•..,,,, ....• • •;:;9,-. ;A t ;::'...r .-.- ,-.7,, ~.., -...1;.,4-: 45 •••:"'.: •,.„.•%'( ' 4.4 f• ' ';,,, ', T- , Pr ' ,4 1•• ~ ••• • ---- / '•:•:.::.. : 11,i, ' l' ' ...*. . '-' r •I" 4'4 4 , ! :---' '''' 4 4;11 1 it tii '., .g - -,,,'' • . I,i, , .._ 0 g -....". 1 -,--_-. ----e. • ....• 4'4 ' ______---•---•-:-------- " ----

AN IMPORTANT CONVERT TO AIITOMOBILISM :

===== 0002601_19020613_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD SALISBURY ON HIS MOTOR CAR.

been accustomed to take early morning exerols.o "has been relegated," as a new motoring joarnal expresses it, "with the steel-tipped sheaths, pik. and daggers of his ancestors, to the armoury illow Elizabethan home" at Hatfield, and the noble Marquis takes his constitutional on a hand:s" steam locomobile. Automobiles will soon be common as hansoms at Westminster, but hitherto the Prime Minister has not followed the exanlPlP, of many membersPof both the Upper and Lowe' Houses and driven to St. Stephens in ° motor, though there is no reason why he shoulu not do so when he has had a little more experience' The drive from Hatfield to London is a pleasao one, and the roads, especially the Great Nora' Road, are usually in excellent condition. In yea° goat by Lord Salisbury almost always drove 1° towfl, but of late he has preferred the railWaY' The conversion of his lordship to motoring 1141,1 delighted the devotees of the " sport' " as it is sti, called by people who either cannot or refuse t° recognise its immense utility, for it is confidently' anticipated that his influence will be obtained t° secure the removal of many of the absury restrictions imposed by antiquated enactment upon automobilism, retarding not only the progrte! of the vehicles on the public highway, but that ol• an important industry, which is oalnalated t° prove of great benefit to the country. One of the most interesting engagements flounced for some time is that of Miss Jr

Langtry, the beautiful daughter, of Mrs. Langi to Mr. lan Malcolin, M.P., the son of Col. B. Malcolm, a brother of the famous Malcolm Portalloch, who owns 85,000 acres in the Higl: lands. Col. Malcolm saw distinguished service ' Turkey, served in the later stages of the CHM( M. lAN MALCOLM, M.P.

MISS JEANNE LAM_ AN INTERESTING ENGAGEMENT. WET, was twice mentioned in despatches for A-0 conduct in the Indian Mutiny, obtained the ele'ia and clasp for Lucknow, and also saw servieefh-i China and Canada. Mr. lan Malcolm is a WO, IF"i:Da on of a gallant father, and has well earned 0;01 country the hearty Congratulations and "as wishes which will be showered upon him. Th°l3% " only thirty-four years of age. he has had co- m to eiderable diplomatic experience. From 1893 he was Hon. Attache to the British E 5 at Berlin, and in the last-named year was, ferred to Paris. He attended the Czar's uer-oe tion in 1896, being appointed llon. Attache t° ectr British Embassy at St. Petersburg for the Sion. He has represented the Stow Division of Suffolk imParliament in the Cous: biS tive interest since 1893. In the year ("•,,tari election he was made assistant private secr-tarl to Lord Salisbury, and is now ParliaMeilloiss secretary to Mr. Gerald Balfour. Mr. ed i 0 has also turned his attention to literature, the author of The Calendar of EmPire9 elect numerous magazine articles. The brirle;pe only "came out" a year or two ago. She the prettiest girls in Society—tall and lola figure, with wonderfully expressive large

- eYe5. and a wealth of dark hair,

....., Zit. Jr. -...-- .........- - \ ~_,,,,,i,e435t.• , . t.l '.., ‘,.... NNN: \ , 4A. „ _,- , c ~-"c;,`,,l,llll\‘' ' ' \ ~_ . , , rGva.

TAI

===== 0002601_19020613_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

ILLUSTRATED.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
f . • I

130 301 , to Itll to it -3to 30 learole e tea*

===== 0002601_19020613_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
IS rHE LONG PULL A3OLISHED ?

Statements at the Assessment

Committee.

--- -- The subject ef the :" long pull " %as mentioned in- identaly luring the hearing of two liceosed victuallers, Id3Peals on Friday a the ineetine of the Warrington I Assessmeat Co nini. tee. Mr George Pilling, pre- ! aided aed there were also present I—Messrs A J Jolley,A Jolley, William Poughten, S Davies, J Clarke, with J Sutton (clerk), S Strton (assistant clerk). Mr BATTON, on b b‘lt ot Comcillor William Rogers appealed azainst the assessment of the General Wolfe ththlt house, Church-strect. Eis pointed oat vivlat tho house belonged t) Messrs Greenall, hitley, aud Co opatiy. Limited, and Mr Roeers 13h1rc'ed to an increase of the assessment from £76 10s to £llO. Mr Hatton referred to what he called the re- tharkatl f let, which he thought would appear rather Fartling to the public,that when the Louse was occupied h 1 Mrs Brundrett the aslessment Was £7B 10e, It was t, heh a free heuse e Mrs Brundrect could buy Where she liked, and moreover she was her Zlf a brewer, so that she was making the jewers profit as well as the retail profit, but 'he as.essment was allowed to remain at £76 103, not- Withstanding that there Lad been a revision of assess - tents of licensed houses. When, however, Mr Rogers became a tenant, and it became a tied house the assess- bent was raiSPCI to £l7O. The only true basis tor assess- ing a public-douse WAS what rent could a teuant be farly expected to pay. Although wily in occupation, Since the Ist of Aueust, Mr Rogers knew very well What sort of bu,iee,..s it w,s and he was prepared to • that no man whointeuded to carry en a respectable and legitimete business would pay the amourt at Which the house .10 been AS3eSaSrl. He did net intend to give a profit and loss account but he might tay thse; oe paving his first half year's rent Issas e all Whitley and Company on hearing 14.2' Rogers' representatien agreed to reduce .‘"le rent to the extent of £3O a year. The increase "I the assessmeur was so enormous that he (Mr Hatton Could not help thinking that some mistake had been made or the overseers had been acting on a wrong basis. It Was difficult to ktrve on what basis they had been assetittg upon. It had been suggested that the overseers heara that Messrs Greeriali's had paid a very large Price for it. It was possible for Messrs Greenall and c, ~',?rlapany to make a mistake as well as anyone else and 'ns feet that they hid seen fit to reduce the rent within months was suggestive. The committee ought not to take into consideration what was the valul of the Louse '4' the brewer. There was a special feature in connection With the house which showed that it might be worth , great deal to the brewer and not to the tenant. The ;sulk of the trade was an outdoor trade, and that was 'ot as profitable to the licensee as an indoor trade be- the system known as the " long pull" was still in ttistence. He had been under the impression that the e"klag pull "had been abolished in Warrington, but it „e'Pheared that it had been regulated by the licenced Ylctuallers association. There was no " long pull" for Indoor business but there was a fixed " long pull " for °,iltside business of half a gid on every order. Ic would therefore be seen that the outside business was not as rj'ofitable as the indoor business. He did not wish to i',!° a threat but under the circumstances, unless Would m i committee reduced the asseesnat, there be no alternative but to appeal. reply to the CLERK, Mr LIA.TTON said the rent had been reduced from £l3O to £lOO. t The CLERK said,it was quite true that the question rr the Committee to decide was simply what rent the would fetch if it was in the market as a free la°l-Ise rhe matter of the purchase mmey was not in itself • „, a legal basis to value a house, but one of the ''aterials on which the Committee might base the price Which the house would let at. If it was correct that the house took from the brewers, independent of wines and spirits, twelve barrels of beer per week, then the -28essment was really too law, and not too high. They ~. "Ould find it was low rather than high in comparison Zilth houses which could not dispose of more than two or tee barrels a week, ▪ Mr Elkerms said if the committee compared this nous. ...rich the house belonging to the Corporation for Which tenancies were obtained by tender,the committee Must also take into consideration the relative situations hf the hous!s and the accommodation provided. If the committee based the assessment on the barrelige he (Mr Hatton) was entitled to insist on his point that a histinction ought to be drawn between a house which ,did solely an indoor trade and one which did an outdoor rime. A man who did a large indoor trade could 'nerd t) pay a higher tent than a person who had to .give away 50 per cent of his beer in doing an outdoor 'l.oe• As regarded the purchase money paid by Messrs Greenall and Company— Tie CLERK : The committee did not take into con- Bideration the purchase mone!,. Mr DAVIE 4 : What is the assessment of the hotel •s'wtled by the Corporaticn ? The CLERK : The price paid for the Feathers Hotel is .£4,800. i Mr HATTON said he was told that the Queen's Hotel 1,,t1 Sankey-street was assessed at £llO and where Mr °gers would sell one hundred pints outside, tho tenant the Queen's would Sell only one. ~ he CLERK said the assessment of the Queen's Hotel WBB ' -88 4130 gross and the Baths Hotel £l4O gross, , 1.... the committee decided after a discussion inPrivate reduce the assessment from £l7O to £l4O rateable. The CHAIRMAN ssid he was sorry to hear that the Long pull continued for the outside trade. 4(r Councillor ROGERS said the arrangerae,,t come to With; the mag,istrates and police WaS to allow half a gill -"ler to every outside customer.

- Ors Gregory appeared on behalf of William Gregory aPpeal against the assessment of the off-licensed pre- '. 22 22 and 24, James-street. Warrington, which are „ 'B,e,sed at £45 gross and £3B rateable. I,4shed by tn. Chairman if she gave the " long pull," 3 Gregory said she gave nearly three gills for every 'IT in order to work the business up. the appeal was not allowed. SAD DROWNING FATALITY AT BANK QUAY.

The Result of Taking a " Short Cut."

Mr. Brighouse conducted an inquiry at the Coroner's Court, Wilson Patten-street on Thursday last week, respecting the death of William Croft, a ahips steward of 35, Ridley-street Birkenhead who Was drowned near Messrs. Crostield's wharf at sank Quay on Tuesday evening under distressing Circums.te.nces. The first witness called was Nathan Hough, a water- can, living at 46, Baxter-street, who stated that the loceased was his wife's cousin. The deceased. who was 00 years of age, was with witness on the boat George, Which left Livernooi on Tuesday and reached Crosfield's hart at Bank Quay at 10 30 at night. After mooring their steamer, they started for home, the second mate, n, ienry Rigby bsing with them. Instead of going through Ps worn witness took the deceased along a narrow ¼e. which was a shorter route, running alongsidethe Warehouse. The Foreman said the jury had seen the place in que.,- ti .IC,itl• The walk was not broader than the narrow desk iwt.hich they sat. It was very dangerous to make use ti4t representative of Messrs Crosfield'S stated that by sa„ay. tne narrow ledge two or three minutes _w_oulwdebtse bn:M. The works were always open. The me" fo", bound to go along the ledge; in fact, they had been dden to do so. a, "item said be did not see the deceased fall into the j Mee, but he pulled Rigby in after him. Witness htillbed in and got hold of the deceased, but owing to Oistruggies, be was obliged to let him go and he sank. th:taess and Rigby were subsequently pulled out of a,,," water by witness's father, who was not very far ss the time. tri Y the Onroner : When you get to the end of the 1,04,1f1Y0U have to pu your leg round a corner haven't 'tneaa: Yes. I have gone that way many times, 0 hers have done the same. t liee• • Howard deposed to recovering the body of the eke ad at 4.30 on Wedneaday morning. verdict of " Accidental death " was returned.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK ANYBODY

'45 tried Holdrovd's Gravel Pills what they think of tarsr„ t They're b)und to say they are a positive Cure for 1t'1,4115t.2°. Graval, 'Tains ire the Back. Wind, DroptY, font I.4tlev Disease, &I. Try oils box 1.3. l I. all Chemin. 4"ree 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Cleckbeaton rkt• (2).

I ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

The Warrington and District League.

The annual general meeting of this league was held at the " Marquis of Granby" inn, Church- Street, on Thursday last week, Mr T P Bradsb..aw presiding. The SECRETARY (sir J Lloyd), presented the annual report from which it appeared that the season had been a successful one. Although they had not been without the usaal trials ,of all junior leagues, notably the trouble with the Earlestown teams, he might say that the committee had sin- cerely tried to give juitice in every case brought before them. The idea of having one good League, as suggested at the last general meeting, worked out admirably, The race for the top position proved very exciting. Burtonwood beating Warrington rrinity in the final by four goals to one, scoring 32 points out of a possible 40 ; WarringOn Trinity being second with 31. Latchford Britannia were third with a total of 28 points. It was thought that with sufficient entries, two strong divisions might be formed for the ensuing season, several fresh applications ha v- ing already been made. In conclusion he desired to thank the members of the League Committee for their kind assistance at all times. He also wished to testify to the work done by the Treasurer, whose services had been most valuable, considering that this was his first season. Too much could not be said of the efforts of the chairman,whose straight- forwardness he was sure they all admired. He hoped to see Mr Bradshaw officiating again next season.

The report was adopted. The TREASURER (Mr W H Smalley) submitted the balance sheet, which shoiVed that there was a balance in hand of 168 6. The balance sheet was adopted, The officers were re-elected as follows:—Chairman, Mr T P Bradshaw ;secretary,Mr:J Lloyd ; treasurer, Mr W H Smalley; auditors, Messrs F Clegg and J Banks.

This concludeci.the business. A smoking colicert was then held, Mr H Isher- wood, president of the Warrington and District Association, being in the chair. During the evening the Chairman presented gold centre medals to the winners of the final (Burtonwood) and silver medals to the runners up (Holy Trinity). Mr Glover, secretary, responded on behalf of the Burton- wood Club, and Mr Houghton, captain for Holy Trinity Club. The health of the officers of the League was proposed in suitable terms by Mr Davey Messrs Bradshaw, Lloyd, and Smalley responding. The vocalists included Messrs T Burke, J Lloyd, Foulkes, Forbes, It Dutton, J Leicester, and Jones, and the items were very creditably submitted. Selections-en the con- certina were contributed by Mr A Inca, and Mr Parry gave selections on the " bones." Mr Pemberton accom- panied.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL GALLANTRY AT WARRING-

TON.

Engineer Drowned.

Whilst engaged in a commendable attempt to rescue a woman who was in imminent peril of being drowned, Charles Houghton, partner in the firm of Messrs Houghton, Burnett and Company, engineers and millwrights,Bridge Foot, lost his life on Thursday last week. A married woman named Alice Bebbington living at 384, Knutsford-road, wife of Charles Bebbin,gton, basket maker, was seen to leave her house, proceed along Knutstord-road, and jump over the wall .opposite the Weir into the Mersey. A woman named Mrs Isherwood was unsuccessful in her efforts to prevent the woman falling into the water, and she quickly raised an alarm A man named Charles Hdughton rushed to the scene. and seeing the perilous position in which Mrs Bobbing- ton was placed jumped into the water to try and effect her rescue. Unfortunately he sank and his dead body was recovered shortly before ten o'clock. The woman's husband also entered the water and made an ineffectual attempt to rescue his vrife. However, a sluice man named Charles Gatley brow;ht the woman to the side by means of a boat hook, and she was lifted out of the water. She was unconscious, hut owing to the prompt action of P.C. F Monks she was brought round by artificial means of respiration. She was conveyed home and Dr Langdale was sent for. An inquest was held the same evening, conducted by Mr S Briehouse. John Robinson Burnett said the deceased was his partner and was 41 years of age, and lived at 546, Knutsford-road, Thomas Brooks, 698 Knutsford-road, said he saw Mrs Bebbington come out of her house about seven o'clock• He saw her jump over the river wall into the water. She had to walk some distance up the road before she got opposite the Weir. He saw the deceased jump into the water after her with the object of saving her life. Witness was in charge of a horse and cart at the time and could not leave the animal owing to the passing of the tram'. Fie saw the husband rush up at the time and also outer the water.

Charles Bebbiogton. bisket maker, said his wife had for some time suffered from mental depression, and for the last two days he had been constantly with her. At seven o'clock on Thursday morning he went downstairs, leavinfr his wife in bed. Shortly afterwards he heard a noise and on going upstairs found;she was miesing. The bedroom window was wide open and witness at once went outside and saw his wife and deceased in the water Witness also jumped into tee water, but the deceased sank, and witness and his wile were pulled out by Charles Gatley. His wife bad not yet recovered from the shock.

Joseph Walker, postman, said he sad two other men got a boat and grappling irons and recovered the body of the deceased at 6 quarter to ten o'clock. The Coroner remarked that the case was a very sad one. It was quite clear that the deceased saw the woman jump into the river, and in trying to save her, lost his life.

A verdict or " Accidental death " was returned and the jury expressed their sympathy with the relatives of the deceased.

The Coroner (addressing a brother of the deceased Mid that the jury and himself had great admiration for what the deceased did. They were sincerely sorry ho had lost his life while trying to save the life of another. Mr Houghton : I thank you very sincerely for your hind expression of sympathy,

The Dredging of the Mersey at Warrington. In the course of his annual report on the naviga- tion of the river Mersey, the Acting Conservator (Vice Admiral Nares) states from information fur- nished by the officers of the Canal Company that the total quantity of silt dredged from the canal during the year 1901 was 1,222,772 tons. In giving him this iaforccation he says the Ship Canal Com- pany state as their opinion that the whole of this quantity of silt and detrius would have eventually bound its way into the estuary of the Mersey had not the canal works been interposed. In the length of the river Mersey between the western boundary of Messrs Monks, Hall, and Company's works at Bank Quay, Warrington. and Howley Weir, 187,920 tons of material were dredged and deposited on land above the influence of the highest tides. No new works of any importance were undertaken in that tidal section of the canal during the year, but the length of the embankment in esmere Port I Bay, abreast of the site eofthe tidal npening, has been strengt:hened by the addition of clay hearting and stone pitching.

St.nn pe ctAmbulanceioa or t Brigade. he The anlocal corps adlohinns of the St John Ambulance Brigade took piece at the Gymnasium on Saturday afternoon. There was a large muster ' of men, namely, 34, and the officers present wera :—Chief nificer. Captain W Waring : superintendent, S Baldry ; second officer and seoretarY, Councillor T R Holes; third officer, Mr F Taylor; and Sergeants Nfaussuer, Fell, Holloway,Banning, and Williamson. The men, who presented a Particularly smart appearance, were drawn up in line and inspected by Assistant Commissioner Whittaker, after which they were drilled by the different sergeents and also by Superintendent Baldry, The drills, which were executed with exactness and precision, in- cluded company drill, band and seat drill, stretcher drill, and individual practical bandaging, including flreman's lift. The Inspector addressed the men, 1 [and said it was always a pleasure to insp3ct such a well-regulated corps as they had in Warrington,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JUNE 13, 190`.

WARRINGTON TRAINING COLLEGE

On Thursday last week the examination in music of the students of this establishment was made by the new inspector Mr, Arthur Somervell. In the evening, there was the usual concert, forming the collective ex- amination, at which a number of friends of the Principal,—the Rev Morley Stevenson—were present by invitation. The works performed at the evening concert were Stainer's "The Daughter of Jairus " and Spohr's "God, Thou art great I " The principal lady vocalists were, of course,senior students of the college. These comprised Miss Hannah Barber, Miss Emma Dann, Miss Alice Mason and Miss Ethel Mayall. Mr W J Thomas and Mr W fl Wallington undertook the parts for the male solo voices. A small orchestra of stringed instruments also assisted in interpreting the scores; the names of the instrumen- talists being:— violins, Messrs E. H. Pearson and E. H. Clare ; viola, Mr G. Johnson ; 'cello, Mr Henry Bond ; double bass, Mr R. Whitfield ; pianoforte,Miss Hackett; I harmonium, Mr W. A. Wood. The conductor, as on I many previous occasions, woe the college musical tutor Mr W. S. Woods. It was understood that the perform ance of the works mentioned proved entirely satisfac- tory to the inspeetor and fully sustained the high reputation which the Warrington Training College has attained in this branch of study. At the close of the concert the Principal in a few nicely chosen words introduced the new examiner to his friends forming the I audience, and made a brief yet tender reference to the death of Sir John Stainer which had given occasion for the appointment of Mr Arthur Somewell as his successor. The latter having responded to the Rev Morley Steven- son's remarks and thanked the company for their kmd greeting, addressed the students at some length on the subject of the teaching of music which is, of course, the purpose for which they are thus trained at the college. Special stress was laid by Mr Somervell on the import- ance he attached to the teaching of children to read 1 music at sight in much the same way and with the same persistence as they are at present taught to read books in the English language. He held that children were never too young to be commenced with in this way, it being capable of demonstration that a child 2ould much more readily be taught to understand and read musical signs than it could those forming the I alphabet and that it was found to be an easy matter to educate children into reading music at sight at the same age as they were taught to read books. Another point on which Mr Somervell expressed himself strongly was the advantage to be derived from care- fully selecting the music or the tunes to be taught to young children. In his opinion the traditional and national airs of the country were infinitely superior for this purpose to anything we had from modern corn- posers. Many of these melodies dated their origin in a remote antiquity and by the evidence of their survival had in them a high degree of merit, the true test of their worth being that they never lost their charm from youth to old age from generation to generation.

Warrington P.S.A. SOciety. The usual weekly meeting of tlsis society was held on Sunday, in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- strest, when there was a large attendance of mem- bers. The Chairman was Mr Taker, who spoke on " Peace." The scripture lesson was read by Mr Warham, and the prayer was said by Mr H Nylon Miss Collins. the soloist, delighted the audience with bet rendering of "Children Asleep." and "The Promise of Life." Mr A Scriven was the speaker, and he gave a very instructive address, his subject being " The straight gate." Mr R Wood also addressed the meeting on" Peace," and a pleasant meeting terminated with the singing of the first verse of the National Anthem.

Death of Miss Gaskell, Wilson Patten-street. We regret to announce the death of this lady, which took place at her residence,Carlton Ville,Wil- son-Patten-atreet,in the early hours of Monday. Miss Gasket' was a member ot a family whose residence at Warrington dates back for many generations.Dr Lloyd Roberts, of Manchester, Dr Joseph of War- ringtou, and Professor Paul were called in, and aa operation was advised to be impracticable for the internal ailment from which she was suffering. She was, however, without bodily pain. Miss Gas lea's generous gifts and her kind acts to persons leas favourably pliced were well known, and her decease will be deeply regretted by all who knew her.

FOR PILES, Itching, Blind or B'eeding. Nothing cures so magically as Dr. Richardson's remedy, rapid, reliable relirving paila and bearing down feeling. Post free. 11d, from THE LABOR&TORY, Baby-street, Manchester, —Adv.

Bad Legs,Skin, and Blood Disease .• As A SAFE, PERMANENT, A.NID WARRANTED CURE for emall.kinds, we can with eantidenoe re- sandalSied:lrSa7kr.ee'E'seozfWorld-farned Blood Mixture. "It IS ccpBl7mrcitapmfiulneelly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical Skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testimonials, mold everwhere, at IL 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt 3,

FLORILINE t—ro THE TEETH AND BREATH.- - ThOrOugby cleanses the teeth ?row all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.ets tartar, stops decay. and givcs to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price Is. 6d. for the liquid, or 10. per jar for the Floe ",Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Ada VALUABLE DISZOVERY FOR THE aiAIR,--li your laPtir is twrning grey or white or falhng off use the PdFMICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly' beautiful, as wo.l as promoting the growth. Price 31 6d per bottle.— 4d f' To [doTr/nat.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their ?hildren while teething, with perfect success, It will relieve the rooraufTerer immediately- It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural noret steep, oy relieving the child from pain and the 111 tar, t,nerub awakes "as t”ight as a button." Of all Chemists Is lid per bottle. .Ach,t„ B 41. PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the batik. Free from Mercury. listablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes is. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world., or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and MldlandiVounties DrugC.onavy: Xdoi, lipotraorre

===== 0002601_19020613_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

FROM WARILINGTON

Acton 0r132e-7 10, 7 40, 8 23, 1020, 12 5, 15, 255 520,5 15,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altcar andllhouss.-7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,a 40, 6 15, a 7 15,85 a 9 25. Sundays 931 25,9 5. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. b 323,710, 9,45 11 57 15, 25, 5 20, 7 20. 11 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 16, 4 5,11 35 allondays excepted. bllondaye only, Birmingham (Midland)-5 51.19 58, 11 55,1'12 55, 37,5 22 6 55. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 420,5 15 p.m Blackburn -5 45, 8 35, 958. 11. 42 Os 15, 4 50, 6 26,8 50. Sundays 843, a 3 39,1 3.a via Preston 82 10 on Saturdays Blssekpool-5 20, 3 35, 956, 11 42, al 15, 3 50, 4 00.8 26 7 17, 8 50, 9.40. Sundays 843, 335.6 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. Bolton- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 1343 a.m.,5 15. 858 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 545. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,13 55. Sunlays 335,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays bSaturdays accepted. Chestee-.7 37, 8 17,9 2,10 23. 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.23 19,4 22,57,6 4,7 44,1.0 14,11 35 Sundays 8 44,10 36,7,45,1) 35, Collins Green-7 5. 85. 825, 10 10,127, 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 8 33,78, 740, 925. 1030. Sundays 843,60. Crewe-a2 58,13 23, 710. 826. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5,20,7 20, 11. 34. Sundays 2 58, 10 15,4 5.11 35. alloadays excepted. bldondaye only. , Daresbury-7 37, 92, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57. 64, 744, 10 14 Sundays 844, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Ilidland)-5 51, 8 46, 9 58. 11 55,12 55. 313, 4 17 5 32,6 55, Sundays all 58 am,a 420 ,5 15 p.m a stop when required lgarlestoun-5 45, 75, 85.8 25.8 35, 9 25, 1010,1055, 11 55 127, 115,2 35,3 403 50, 5 15, ,P 33,70. 7 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43,c.m.5 10,6 0,7 57,9 54 O.En Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25, 945 11 53,1 55 3 20,515, 6 17,7 4-1, 9 48. Sandays 9 5. 2 40, 8 0, Frodsham-7 37, 92 10 23. 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 744 10 3.4. Sundays 8.44 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Linesl-7 15, 7 57. 8 35.9 5. 10 5 12 0 16.2 10, 4 0 529 73, 85. 8951. dlO 35.1139 Sunday a, 955, 1122. 2 39. 7 30, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only baturosys excepted. ! Glasgow-5 20.9 57,11 4231 55, al 15 450 9 55. S undays 914 a leaves 210 on Saturday. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 Ab, 10 55. 11 55, 1 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 17 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 82, 8 31, 10 5. 12 0, 1 5 10,4 0.5 29 6 15,7 5, 715,8 0.9 25,b 9 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 9,31,11 22,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10.9 15 Sundays 8 45, 10 14. 318. 5 15. 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 9 53, 1.0 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 423, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays 830, 38, 812. aSaturdays only. I Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)--3 Sc, 5 I,a 5 258, 75, 85, 825 I 9 25,10 55, 127 2,35 340 5 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35,5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. (Mondays excepted. bMon lays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 60, 8 20, 109 11 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 15,6 17,7 41, 9 Suniays 95, 2 40, 3 0 -; Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 82, 95. 1026' 120, 117, 210,2 21, 3 18, 40. 5 55,185, 9 11, 10 30 ill 20 11 39. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 O. 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18 10 20. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London (L. &N. W.)-2 588, a 3 23, 7 10, 3 23, 9 45,10 20, 1157. 15,2 0, 5 20, 1134. 'cundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, bMondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Blidland)-5 51,8 43, 9 58. 11. 37,12 55, 3 14a, 5 22. 6 55, Sundays 11 55, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.1 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.955 10 49,12 36, 1 14,a2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 13. 613, 78. a 7 45. 9 27 Sundays 850, 3 8,8 12. aSaturdays only Blanchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 85, 3 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25,10 43,10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35, 3 32, 4 26. 5 32, 6 43 7 17,8 8,9 20. 1033. Sundays 3 10. 5 6,7 40, 3435 15. 6 0, 7 57 8 58 ! runs High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Statlon)- 6 17 7 22, 7 57. 832 94, 9 58. 1049, 1 14, 3 38. 411. 613. 78, 9 27, 11 40, Sunda2s 8 48, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 t?i,3lanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,? 55. 8 2,8 55, 98.9 55 1 '55 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 1 55,2 55, 3 55, 4 55,5 22 5 55, 6 55, 7 ,7 55, 813, 8 55,9 13,955, alo 2, all 15. bll 49, all 57, Sundays 8 45, 9 37. 10 14 3 0, 3 15,51.5, 7 18,8 55 9 25 935 10 0. a Saturdays only, bSaturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 40. 10 2.). 2 55. 535.7 20. No Sunday trains Moore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,2 55.5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 5.711. Newton-le-Willows- 53 10. 5 45,7 5, 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 10 10 40, 10 55 11 55, 3.2 7,12 18,1 1.5, 2 59. 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 50. 515, 6 43.11? 9 20. 9 55.10 30. Sundays 3 10, 740. 843 am 3 35, 5 1,3,8 7,757 853 9 54a via Kenyon bliondays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 5 23, 7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 3 45, 10 14, 7 44, 5 15. 935 Preston-5 20. 5 45. 8 35. 9 55, 11 42, 11 55, bl 15, 350 4 50, 626 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8143. 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. bleaves at 210 on Saturdays. Runcorn-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109. 155. 320, 515, 6 17. 7 41, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 82, 9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 2 10,2 58, 40, 5 29,6 15. 7 6, 85, 9 25, a 9 40810 35. Sundays 9 0, 11 22, 2 39, 9 5, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, (C.L.C,) Sheffield (Mid:and) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 5: 20, a 2 55,3 13,4 17. 6 55. Sundays 937 am 515, a Tuesdays and Thursdays only. St Helens-? 5, 85, 8 25, 1( .0, 10 55, all 63. 12 7 al 55, 2 353 40. 51.5. 633, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 30 Sundays 8 35,8 43 a 9 5, 4 40, 6 o,aB 0, 9 54 a via Widnes Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, aS 80, 11 2, 125 3 30, 11,0, 533 6 15, 7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 9 5, a Saturday only. Thelwall-From Arpley Station.B 15,? 22,8 0,8 30,9 4,9 58 10 49, 1236,1 14. a 2 23,3 38, 4 11, 518, 613. 78, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 852 a Saturdays only. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-756, 9 5 lo S, 11 5. 120, 15, 2 10, 258, 40, 529, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 925, c/9 40, 810 33. Sun- days 90, 9 31, 239, 9 18, 10aSaturday I excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. andN.-W-) -7 30, 825. 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 3 20, 5 15,6 17, 7140, 948. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 80. Wigan- 820. 545. 75, 833, 956, 10 55.11 40.11 55, 1 15 a 2 202 as, 3 50,4 50, 5 15. 6 25.7 17.8 50.9 40.9 55. Sundays 8 43, 3 35, 60. 95°,. a.saturdays only

TO WA.RRINGTON FRO/A. Acton Brldge-6 30, 7 40, 8 52. 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20 8 SJ 6uudays 7 55, am 442 pm. einem and Hillhou9e-11 24, 12 41, 2 12, 4 2, 4 13, 5 55, 7 19, 8 24, all 17, Sundays, 920, 2 21,8 22. aSaturdays except

..,epted Birmingham (L. 85 N. W.)-3 10,5 50°1 20 51.0, 12 25, 2 0 35 ael 405 50,7 25. Sundays 310. 12 40,7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 860 11 48, 2 23, 45,7 15,10 34 11 25, Sunday 4 15, ain4o, 11 25 p.m. Blackburn-8 30.10 48, 12 30,1 55, 347. 750 a 9 5, alo 15, indays, 8 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston Blackpool (Talbot Road) —B5, 8 45. 9 55, 10 40, 11 40 1 40 , Ih. 5 23 7 0,10 O. Sundays 7 2, 1 35 5 12, 7 37. Blacknool (Central) —7 25, 8 25.8 57,10 0,10 21.11 25, 1 5 2 55,453 6 50, 8 15. Sundays 641. 1 15,4 57,8 45. Bolton-5 55, 640 7 55, 8 35, 9 10. 10 25. 12 10. 25.415 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 315 a.m., 65, 925 p.m Saturdays Only. , CarliBoe-42 5, 6 40. 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 85, 8 42,Sundays 12 5 a.m., 1 50, 341 on layel excepted. Chester-7 25.8 45. 9 40, 10 12, 10 40,11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 3 0 3 50,5 10,5 15. 6 35, 7 35,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,0 55 41155 6, , 1711300; 22 2455. 43105 94 2153 Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 10 24, 11 23. 1 38. 2 TO, 35, 4 1, 5 38, 6 23, 6 36,7 47, 9 6,10 46. Sunday 8 10a.m. 7 15,p.m• sC4rseur6e4-0,4 495,5,6 09,60.30,88u1n3a.98,v23,,, ' Daresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 18. 2 52, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 45 P.m. Derhy-38 12, 935, 10 33, 1 12, 3 33,34 47, 7 5 823 9 30, Sundays 1 26. 7 30, 6 22, 6 55, arkeent Mondays. 1242142,413.21242142,413. 534 51 817. 13. 8 46, 9 15, 945. 10 26, 11 25 5. 5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 9 201036 012 o.Suusays 33,9 52,9 57,10 0.3 45.7 24a Saturdays oaly. Fiddler's Ferry & IPenketh-7 12, 8 55. 9 43„12 3. 29. 327 5 4, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22,2 57, 62. Brodshani-7 55 91.101, 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 657, 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 28, 154, 90. 9 60,10 48 12 0 12 55 2 U. 3 2. 4 49. 56. 550.. dot. 723 9 1 Sunday, S 0,9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 40, 6 51, Sundays 8 23,9 20, 3 23 454 Glasgbas-10 0.2 0.2 1, 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 550. 9 5,p in (xolborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12. 12 27 2.41. 4 38 530 7 13 9 9;10 42 Sundays 9 40. 75. 3 Hiso.uog h 3. G61'77;11-1 .77 4358.. 891015. .9 99, 103. 1055, 1.9 1 30. 222, 9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) —7 359 53,10 50,4 59, 850, 11 20 Sundays 10 59. 6 53. 8 50. 100. SlLatchiord 8 14. 840 9 W,lO 2,111116, 1 20. al 45. 211 520,30. 4152., 55 41.6 7, 6 49,7 31,9 42. 1127. Sundays 8 23 2 33,7 23. aSaturdays only. bilaturdys excepted. Liverpool (via 13ariestown)—a2 .35. 5 0.7 5). 80, 8 38,0 25 11 0. 15. 1 30, 3 0,4 20 4 50, 535.'7 5,8 25. bll 15. Sunday 7 30,9 20. 630. a Alondays only. Haturdays only. Via Widnes (L. N.W.)-6 25,8 10, 95, 9 59, 13 25, 125 235,3 35 4 20, 5 20,8 8,6 30, 1045, Sundays 7 35, 2 0. 715 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20. 7 10. 7'35.8 21, 8 .3/. 8 33 8 40 9 38 9 35 10 30, 11 15,11 20,11 Al 11. 50 12 30, 1 0, 1 33, 1 33,1 55 2 30, 2503 50 30, 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35,7 30. 8 30. 8 33 9 30,11 40 bunuays 7 50, 9 0,12 30,2 50 420 630, 830.8 35 London (L & N W)—b 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2154 15 5 30 12 0 Sundays 10 0,5 30. 120. London(slidlaoia)-5 1%10 1). 12 31, 0 1 40. 53,5 30,6 45 915 1215. Suneays 3 15,12 a. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 7, S 32, 9 14, 9 62, 11 8, 1 11. al 37 25. 2 51 14,55 33,5 59, 6 41, 7 20, 9 33,11 19. Sundays 815 25 715 a Saturdays only bSaturdays excepts, I. 6 5, '8 30, 9 5, 9 40 10 46 Manchester (L & 48, 12 10,16, 1 35,2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 60, 75,80. 9 20, 10 40 SuildaYiB 0, 8 30. :9 0,10 0, 6 0. 10 40 Manchester (London-road)—? 25.7150,9 25,11 35, 18 681 5 6. 340. b5!5, 620, 65, 6 50, 855. 10 45 Sundays 770 14 30 bSatnrdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720. 8 30. a 9 5. 933 9 38, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30.12 30, 12 50 13). 230. 330. 430. 440, 530. 630, 638. 730 8 30, 8 35,10 0, 11 0. Sunday 9399 5.930, 1.) 40., V.:, 20. c 5,6 35 8 , 30,9 40,a Monday, Wednesdays and Saturdays only Middlewlch-6 48, 239 66. No Sunday trains. Moore-6 56.96. 11 9.12 14.3 53,5 0.7 .33.8un11Vd.4 119. 458 Newton-6 55.7 25.8 42, 98.9 29, 10 9,10 22.11 8, 12 40 15, 1,4 7,448 5 10, 536 5 49, 627, 7 30. 8 0,9 15, 955 uS, 9.,11 47,Sundays 8 31. i 9 49,100. 3 40,7 20 11 5 aSaturdays

Sun(

only 9ankey-7 55, 8 23. 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36.1 32 1 40 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 26, 726,8 69 32. all 50 Sunday 8 37 10 3 37. 57, 9 28. aSaturdava only Sheffiel3-8 26.11 5,1.55, 55.6 55, a 8 35.Sundaya, 8 10 610 Saturdays only. St. Helens-6 20 6 55, 8 O. 8 28, 9 0,11 10, 11 21,1 25 1 45, 2 50.4 30,5 25.6 10. 6 55, 7 25. 3 50 103). a).. 21 Sunday 7150.9 35,6 55, 9 5.a Saturdays only Southport-8 6,8 55, 10 10,11 5.12 25. 1 si, 2, 50, 3 55. 533 7 0,8 5,0 5 10 0. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0, 8 0, aw.turdaya only. Thelaiall-8 10, 8 36, 918, 9 58, 11 12, 1 1.5, a 1 41, 29. 4 '5, 4 22,85 37. 63, 645, 7 39, 937, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, 229. 7 19. aSaturdays only, b9aturdays excepted. 1 Wigan-63-2. 8 1.5,9 26. 9 '6. 10 0, 11 22, 12 15, 1 45, 230 3 27. 425, 456, 520. 7 5. 90. 1.3 3.'„ .

===== 0002601_19020613_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES

AVen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It cores painfuk srearthig, nervOuS feet, and ingrowing nails, and M. stantly takes the sting out of corns and bunions. It'll the greatest comfort discovery of the age. Allen's Foot-Ease makes tight or new boots feel easy. It is a certain cure for sweating, callous, swollen, het, tired, aching fret. 'Try it to-day. Of all Chemists and Stores. Priee la. 15d. .4 eeept no subenenee. Sent lost free lc: 18. lid. Trial Package FREE. Address, Allen al (Amsted, s bduthampton Row, London, W.C.

(0, r

===== 0002601_19020613_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ee.' .• • .... ,10. ,„,:_.. ..,„ (.607-0-03tvg--

CURES when all other Remedies fail.

~.,,.,,,,,,t,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVING ALL PAM AND THROBBING AND SOON CUR ES

The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/1-1. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & sop, Chemists, CHELTENHAM. svGAIAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND I TOWLEPE 86tiNsY EO EYLAL PILLS FOR FEMALES. QLKELY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING StMPTOMS BD PREVALENT WITH TRE SEX. Boxes, 143 dr 2,9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE ft Co., 66, Long Bow, NOTTINGHAM. -Beware of Imilatcons, ikiunous and worthless.

JOHN WALKER & Co. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

===== 0002601_19020613_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020613_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WRITE

===== 0002601_19020613_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
IfiFORTII A GLRIM EA A BOX.

L. ' :4144Z0: t , C , qi= 1.,•- • • igef f 40- p L *O,

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) cold 2s. 9cf. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

SYMINCTON'S COFFEE

ESSENCE

Pure Coffee. ~. Dandelion Coffee.

_ ~.--- , a I i .... ' A t .... i ,A- -1 . v.......„ . 11 -tt. _ , tt we J "71=1511 VANomr I. ] . inW,4Z3

===== 0002601_19020613_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A STIMULANT*

A RESTORATIVE! A CORRECTIVE/

===== 0002601_19020613_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SC- REFUSE Al-1.. OTNEFtEr 'SS

!BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED I LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHINERY 1 Over 450 Gold & Silver Medals and Pint Prize Awards. NEW " Tams " Wasuizo M %CHINE, 50s. complete.

I"Vowri." IVAsrusto lirmnamo, "DIAPHRAGM' CHURNS. AND MANGLING MACHIN/A. BUTTER WORKERS. LAUNDRY REQUISITES. RAINY APPLIANCES.

Liberal Cash Terms. Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO. 140-142, High Holborn, London; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

• - MANLY MEN:

Why entierr from pains and misery caused by Di ervonsn esa Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Bend eh my book, whicta shows h)w every rnan, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, tat vvarznteed penui "1 cannot find words to express vv n4u...a, am. need to think I never would gec cure. I wish I had seen yonr advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounde.—G.F.M." "I nave carri .41 out your Instructions, and. am now per fectly w Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. Lgioß. 92 and 93, Urea Russell Street. andon, , Send at once and be cured. 12 'leers Continuous Emcee('

DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the-world as the most. safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Seedy ov other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder. Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many compialnts, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DE leOOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Mon. Oominissloners, Price Is. lid. an 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or poet free from Proprietor Holferd HOMO.. krOlfOrd.ollarfq• 10".", W 0.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
COLEMAN'S

„. R wi

THE FINEST 'TONIC IN THE WORLD.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
6 000 rTeeoestilvmedonflraolms 65000 sMedical Men.

NORWICH & LONDON.

sycLES us THE VERY BEST. FOR LADIES a GENTLEMEN. Carriage Paid to all CASH OR 12 MONTHLY PAYMENTS. £7 15$. 1412` . £8 85. '5l- - los. 17/I 5 £9 15s. 17/6 ,LII 05. 20 a 1. £l2 os. 21,8 last:lt CZC,.l,loeg. Accessories. at oWvreirte at once for _ SzAson'S LIFT, over 100 2ageo, and 000 illtowsetrrautritounses toutauJUanNyOuCtarleshouansud METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS Co., Ltd. Lc.) 7S. Lishopsgate Street Without, London, E.C, ADO PICCADILLY Orscull. lonnoti. W.

THIS kibw TH'ERA PIOj. pTohrisulsaurcc;esmsfueldrytn. dahsigehmly ployed in the Continental Hospitals 1)3 Ricord Rostan,Jobert, Felpean, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impnrity of the blood, spots, blotehes, pains and swell logs of, the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges. plies, gravel, pains in the back, awn- mania, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- Um., etc. Tberapion is prepared in three differeut forms Nos. 1.2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for varnt:blet to

MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-tQUABE, LONDOI%, vr.c

===== 0002601_19020613_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\ ..-

===== 0002601_19020613_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
JUN

0 C 0 s-, FREE , 141-2 - ,-- '-'` w]EEL. , mtba c,y. I\ , 4iVrIV,,, A 1 I -"z:-.7,,'-÷- F-jAitrif 2 = -, POST--- -------- . Wa - NEw -

===== 0002601_19020613_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:bO4!

===== 0002601_19020613_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Waller= IBIEtbAm-OAR ,113takTolit

The above illustration, which is reproduced from an old print, kindly lent to us by Miss Calvert, of Warrington, represents a memorable event in the history of the quaint village of Winwick, whl.ll occurred on August 20, 1811. Beneath the branch cf the giant tree—the Winwick broad oak—a pub- lic dinner is being held in honour of Captain after- wards Admiral Sir Phipps Hornby, who has just returned to his native village, after distinguishing himself in a decisive engagement with the French fleet in the Adriatic. At the present time, when the whole nation is rejoicing on the restoration of peace in South Africa,a description of the event, will doubtless prove of interest ti our readers. The magnificent tree which appears in our illustration, formerly stood in a field a little distance to the south of Winwick Church. The late Dr. Kendrick, who took a keen interest in local his- tory and objects of antiquity, gathered a number of details relating to the tree, and also a number of prints and pamphlets, which may' be seen in the reference department of the War- rington Library. It appears that the Winwick broad oak was for many years famous in the dis- trict for its beautiful symmetry and for the mar- vellous extent of its wide-spreading branches, which, we are told, upon one occasion atlorded shelter from the noon-day heat to a regiment of infantry one thousand strong. The ex- tent of the spreading branches from north to south was 99 feet, and from east to west 87 feet. The girth of the trunk at the base was 14 feet, and at five feet higher it was 11. l feet. The first branch was given off from the trunk at 71 feet from the ground. The broad oak was blown down and destroyed in a terrible storm' during the night of the 4111 February 1850. It bore none of the customary signs of great age, though it did of premature decay, occasioned by the unchecked trampling of cattle round its base.. It was on August 26th, 1811, that the tree obtained local celebrity by the holding of a public,' dinner beneath its stn:de, in honour of Admiral Sir Phipps Hornby, son of the Rev Geoffrey Hornby, Rector of Winwick, who was then captain of the English ship " Volage." The dinner was given in commemoration of Captain Hornby's heroic con- .duct, and success in capturing the French line-of- battle ship " Corona " off the island of Lissa in ne .Adriatic on the 13th March, 1811. The" Volage" formed one of a squadron of five vessels under Captain Hoste, which completely des- troyed a much superior French fleet, cap- turing four and compelling the remainder to seek safety by an inglorious flight. The num- ber of men in the British squadron was barely SOO with 208 guns, whilst the French numbered 2,:00 men and 45-1 guns. The French commodore, Du. bordien, fell during the battle. The flag of the :French ship" Corona," which surrendered to the Volago," was deposited in Winwick Church. A xicturesque description of the dinner to Captain Phipps Hornby was published in pam- phlet form by' J. Wilson, Macclesfield" Courier". Office, and was subsequently reprinted, with slight alterations by ,J. Haddock, the well-known War- rington printer. Both pamphlets are preserved in the Warrington Reference Library. The first- one reads as,lollows On Monday the 26tb instant, this tree of renown wet honoured at the village of Winwick, in a man- ner as-signal as its services have been b.elliant. It was made the scene of a festal clay, in commemora- tion of the late great and gallant action fought in the Adriatic by the little squadron under CJMMO- dote 14,xite. The name of Captain Phipps Hornby, the son of the highly respectable Rector of the I

CELEBRATED BY lINICLITE FESTIVITIES 1

parish of Winwick, is already familisr to the public eye in the despatches of his commander; and entitled to the love of tho Britiss empire in remuneration of the bravo part he acted in the bay of LiS3a. His arrival in his native village, after five years of absence, in early youth, in foreign climes, in the service, of his country has become an feta to the natives of the place, which will never b 3 forgotten in the memory of man, as his service i will never be obliterated from the page of history. At midnight, on the 9i.h of August, the balls of the venerable church announced his approach, and a few minutes pre- sented the hero to the embraces ot his family circle. Thu respect of the in!iabitants, even at that silent hour, was upon the alert; the horses were taken from hie carriage, and he 1,748 drawn in triumph to the mansion of his ancestors.

lOn the ensuing day a deputation of the inhabi- tants waited upon the welcome straavr, to off.r their congratulations upon the safety of his per- son, amid to convey the wishes of the parish at large that he would honour with his presence a public festival, to be celebrated upon the 26th of August, under the brad colic of Winwick, in com- memoration of the victory of Liss a ; and as a per- sonal tribute of their respect for himself and his lam ily. _ _

This tree consists of a perpendicular stem of the height of about twelve feet; and from its top spread out a number of horizontal braocees, Lirraing a magnificent. natural canopy. covering an area of ground one hundred yards in circumference, and capable of sheltering one thousand people. -Around this veteran of the forest was constructed a superb awning, with a commodious square iuclosure of corresponding aspect. The interior was covered with fine white cotton cloth, and decorated with evergreens, the emblems of Britain's naval fame, and with Rowers, the indications of the joy which displayed itself upon the occasion. Its top was ennobled by a signal, well known throughout the world, the British tag. Three lengths of dinner tables were formed along three sides of the square, whilst the fourth was left open for the ingress of the company, and the accommodatiou of the populace, who arrived from all parts to be spectators of the happy scene. For the preQervation of good order, a party of the Warrington Local Militia .occupied the grouud in front. In front of the entrance side appeared an ornamental column, surmounted by an Imperial Crown. In the centre of the opposite quarter, des- tined to be the seat of the hero of the day, was exhibited the French eagle, submissive to the British conqueror, the trophy won by gallant Horaby—the colours of the "Corona," which struck to him in the action of Lissa. This memorial will be preserved for the admiration of future genera- tions of Englishmen, honourably deposited in the Parish Church of Virinwick. For the regale of the company expected, a dinner and dessert were pro- vided, consisting of all the luxuries of the season; and wines of the most excellent quality waited to diffuse their happy exhilaration through hearts already warm with gratitude and loyalty. This part of the preliminarie4 did equal honour, with the architecture of the pavilion, to the superintend- ing committee. . - -

r.i.t three o'clock, announced by a grand salute frof.a the bells of the wijacent Mother Church, from which a flag was displayed, a company of 150 persons, never excelled upon any public occasion in the county of Lancaster, took their seats Con- spicnous in the uniform of his service, in the front of the crest-fallen eagle of France, appeared the son of victory, with twojgallant youthful tars,who had shared his perils and were now allowed to witness his honours. On the right of the President was seated the Right Honourable the Earl of Derby,the Lord Lieutenant of the County, on the left the , Honourable Lord Stanley,with the venerable Rector

It wee always well tO nutlet weir way-mare ;cli good in the past to repeat, and weaknese and failing to avoid. The officers were as necessary as the society itself, but the individual members were of greater importance,for the successful carry- ing on of the PS A work. The work and services during the past year had been of a very cheering character. The meetings had been longer and the Epirit of the services had been uplifting. The intro- duction of Sankey's hymn book had made a marked improvement in the singing. The year closed with an enrolled mernbe!ship of 572, and an average attendance of .380. The membership was 10 more. and the average 40 more than in previous years. The committee offered priz-3s to members bringing 12 new members during the yesr. Re was sorry that a prize was not gained, but he was glad to say that several memb aril brought two or three new mem- bers each. Uuring the year 707 priz s had been obtainei, 330 the Summer half-year and 377 for the winter half, making the total number of prizes gained during the 9 years 8,540. The sick club had 65 members and was a great help in sickness. The club gave to its members a return of 33 at the end of the year. During the year two members lost their wives and the brotherhood had recently lost by deathllr Thomasflawthorn.who.was on@ of the few, who in 1802 desired the formation .of a P.S.A, Society at Wycliffe. During the nine years oi its existence he always gave willing help and service. Lie had been a worxer of an extraordinary

DEPICTING A MEMORABLE EVENT WHICH TOOK PLACE AT WINWICK NEARLY A CENTURY AGO. PEACE AND VICTORY ARE HERE

That Britain long might flourish brave and free, Long might have a tar to grace the Marriott tree.

TltE F/NANCIAL STATENINNT.

of Winwick,and the younger branches of the family In the crowd of other guests may be enumerated the respectable names of Sir William Gerard, Sir Thomas Eiesketh, Sir Richard Brooke, John Black- burns, Esq' one of the Members for the county, John Ireland Blackburne, Esq., one of the Members for the Borough of Newton, Peter Patten, Esq., one of the Members for the Borough of Lancaster, Colonel Rawsthorae, of the let Lancashire Militia, Michael Hughes, Esq., Thomas Claughtou, Lsq., Edmund liornby, Esq., and the Rev James Hornby. The chair, as foreman of the committee, was ably filled upon the occasion by the Rev Giles Chippin- dall, the curate of Winwick, whose attention to the guests denoted him a man formed for the occasion; whilst the address of the Rev Mr Barlow, Master of the Free Grammar School of Winwick, and Mr Thomas Sumner of the same place, presented a grateful counterpart upon the occasion. The elo- quence of the grape, in succession to a most pleas- ing repast, which the excellency and number of the attendants made not inferior to a private meal, ex- pressed itself in a number of appropriate toasts. (here follows a list of toasts which were honoured.

The most excellent and far-famed band of glee singers from Leigh attended ; now enlivening, and now affecting the company with a variety of pieces, replete with loyalty, sentiment and humour. Four gentlemen of the company, in addition, gratified the auditors with as many excellent songs of original composition.

As the different toasts in succession involved the names of individuals present, several of the gentlemen respectively addressed the company to the following effect. A :number of speeches are here re-produced verbatim.

In the course of his response to the toast of his health Captain Phipps Hamby said :—The fulfilment of my duty, which has already won me your dis- tinguished approbation, I shall never, whilst I have breath, desert. With my best, my warmest thanks for the honour you have done me, I can only say it is my intention to join my ship the moment she is tit for service, and seek again the enemies of my country.

Fhe olier speakers included the Earl of Derby, who in the course of a felicitous speech said : Gentlemen,it is no common fame which will always follow the recollection of the action of Lisa. The thing would almost be in itself incredibleg itwere not for the many almost incredible precedents which are known to grace our naval anuals. A far superior force to the enemy was defeated by a small squadron of four British frigates. Most proudly do I congratulate my gallant relative tor the bravery and Moll which he has exhibited upon the ever memorable oleasion. Most heartily do I congratulate him upon his safety, upon his return and presence against us, most highly do I com- mend the resolution, which in such a brave and heartfelt manner he has avowed in your hearing, that of making himself useful to the country that gave him birth. Gentlemen, be has told you he will return to his ship the moment she is tit for service. At present she is completely riddled, and that time is left for the repose of our friend which, though he has told you he courts it not, full well he merits.

I The account of the historic event, conciudes as follows :—After an afternoon spent in cheerful con- viviality, the fall of night gave the signal for the conclusion of the rites of the Druids of the Win- wick Oak. The company retired tinier a salute of bells to their various homes, long to remember and speak of chi pleasing incantations of its shade. The vigils of the eve,breathed from the hearts of every- one who had attended the meeting.fram the Pear to the peasant. from the seer to the bard, ascended in one united strain .

type, constant in service and committees, helpful in the chair at the P.S.A. gathering and always attentive to the duties of the benevolent fund in conveying practical help from the committee to needy cases. Two members early in the year went out to South Africa, one as a Yeoman and the other as a Volunteer. It was a ds- plorable fact that not one half of the population of this country attended any place of worship on Sunday. By means of that society they were en- deavouring to reach the masses—the Street corner man, the man in tile street and the indifferent. He (the secretary) was glad to say that many of thee characters had been reacied. Many homes had been made brighter and happier, many congrega- tions had been improved, and many churches had added to their numbers. In concluding his report, Mr Farrar asked for volunteers to look atter the absentees of the s3ciety and assist Mr Mills in the work.

The lion. treasurer (Mr It AxamsoN) gave his financial statement which showed that although the expenses during the year had increased, there weB a small balance in hand. The report was con- sidered v-ry satisfactory. Mr It MIL presented the reports of the absentee visitors and the Benevolent fund. These were adopted.

S _ ....1,-- _ __„....... . _, _:___._.:.______________.„--_- _ _....,___ - - ---_.-_,_-________-___:. ...,,,,,.___7_ ___-_ - ----- -3...•—....___-__ -.......t _...„.4_:...............ve.7.:_ia == _____ _, "--""- -•- T., - -..--r------.-- - --M------ - - ---:_-.• • - _------- --.. ___.--:;---_:- _-.__...E.----=_..,..........__-_,._----_-- - - _ __ _ ' -7,---_ --- 41111 r.,IF---____ - — -------,---,- - -----:-. t-------- ,-. T. ' _-..---,- _'- _- 10-74 Alf 1 t--_ _ _ --:-=-- -=---r--='----'----_-- - '-'-'.-r- ----.--------- - ----- - ' ' AKA' • . . -------- - -• ------.- - - _, , $741/ atit i ____:----/e;, t ' ''' ' _. ".• --- --•==t---..-._ . _____ .=. _ .......,_,.... -, .--,-__-------=--- t'-'-,"•=--..-. ----=--r-'- - - i.--- , _i ---,--.-----A-- , • .--".,-1.----_--... C .-nr-----=,--- - - '---.. ,1" .....' -_•7,----_,,,,_-_,_.,,,,,T•t-, 't,,-.. -:`,../ --_,-4,-. ___ , 2•!.-5 ,ke ------, — -.. i --- ‘ _______ :,..--i --;-":-.2 - _.'.,-----_.--f" i ....,- -------,•-----, . ____ - -,-________c— ---- • - -."---,..,..---- ---z, --'"---,-------- -= _.-,...--- _ -- - _ ‘. _ ____,__---__ -......, , `-'" "ci,e,r- ,__ , • --,........ -2-• - 11 "..t. ..---- 4,,---, cr."--.- .------,-----, = __ __ _____=l:___ -._-_------- - ' ,- 1 - - ,- • ---'l-_-.7: ..::.-2.2-..;-!..------:;-.,;-- -.-:-,:---.':.--,'_':._•;_f _:.;_--;•---:-:?..1--,:,_:' • -------_ r•T---------- --:,\,;__-:,,,,,!, -.- ...------- - -', -. 1\ 1 -,_ - • ...- - ..• -- --- =- - -- -- -- ---- - r.,.--- -----;--- r-- -:-,----, - nrw, t--------'=":---,- t, - -----. .. .•- - _ ;3. -_-_-_. f..1-,c .:'-z-,z_.- -,_ --- - ~..- 4 -'-:-.1-7.- , \ --tt'i-'7,--‹*-"' • 2. , ‘4,.. .A, • 5-..- - , ~., ~..- -.,..- :.-..-- r. ...----: ,-,„. , -Z;7' • ' ------.77.---,---- _- -- , --..--- -- -----r ------. -, \ ' 7:- • \--rA s•-•, -:-.- =-7 z_ 7, / ~,,rst.,-..-,,,,k \;,, —_,- --------,___-..----.--.---,,-. ri,l, - -_,.1.,... '• 5.,, -_-_,% -T- -._: _ _., 5- -- ----4.-- NI, • . - i'''------ -''''....... '---& - -‘\,s,‘N '''' ''' ' iki ' '4''' -f, '- - )4,2 Ir . • -7-x .•,-\•,',,,A...41' 4 : - t-,7 '- 'N -4-•',-;•k /e, • ' ',:. -•,,, ~ , -.7._-____:-_-_,=, ..,- • 2:- -• _ - ~...i. ....--1:...4 ' .-- - _- ,- --_-..: -- --=2 '''...' - ''':- - ' - ÷-• ,WF-Ci'' 'l*.i.i.,-. ' • _: .-.--". --.4 _ . -4 .t' ;•_.,•• ''.- ,I. • ':,,h,,,,,V;,., • ,--__--...- /- ~:-.;:--,...-.:- -__, -•., : - , , -4----..--_-- 7-7=- --T_'-7-,-- ---- _ *---- . yl.4t•-•:,•,-- :,..grAl" Ati-' ' "7;c".; -. '' '':''',-*•••'!''''.'-‘,ll, 4-4W,tip'.. 44. -..--.1", - , ' ‘,...1' ''A c , ...,-#1,v4.,':•.-4-4-.^,,,..:.(;,...f;c-ata. ~,-,4 ..,,,.. .. :. fr,,V, , ' 7e-----•-• '- - --7-....,--7-: — ____L j..._=____________=7„- ..- • , • •,' , .....,,,,,;,4?„.*A4;;,...4.,,,41-...,r4431-4.T.-2,41.0,,,,-.,.....,,i,... , -„‘„,.,.. „,....0.,, ..-...,-..------._,_,.L. - - • - - ~-,-....-„,o-f7 -.i.e.,. -,- i:, .V*4 • . ~41k - fif.so4-- it _ - - ,---z------,=--:-,---.77--- --IT-- •'„,. ,: • - •-•-, ' ;tr.:v. .i,--.1., fy. P.,.-Ar0,,,..4..,.....- ~efi,s;,„ .. „.:.-ic..- _ - -,-._ --- _ . -,.. ,z? ~-..•f - ....- --f,;.., ; - ta; ' ~:-... „„.. - 4-4,e,--, . - ~, I -.,...., ..,...• . -- - ~....r •• • ~,.. .• - ~ .24. yi, ; N,- , • ,i,„\a„. _____ -_-_L---.:,.-- ~,. • ~ , - 1,:4-,f; ~,-1 -.ft, N,'''s...-; ou.' r - .•'• ' 4 tgetbliy ttt, ' ' ._ ~*. f' • -. , ' , - -,' .-.... 11;41' '', 4,,,fl''' . ›C't ''.4Vit...g.:` ''' ';? ''''''" ' ' •irteOs ' vio,_ _- -- r_..... , .. x - ,-._.--....,:.- , .... 1,--.-._ • 4- ~ -.'t'''''' '2 ; IF",:p.' ' ''JI"- fO''''' '`i ,--,,., . ... , ~,it---- t.,-----,..Atw, ,_._ _ .- •., ~.. •-- , ,-,;,.,.,., ,-,.:„.. ,--.,,i.tv0. ~;:f tt„ ~... -..- l'''' ~..,t' ' '' -, .-.- ear..), ' -c.,1,! i __-:-.-7-=_--_-_---77-- •:. --'-_-: - -•-•• -.i -.' ,s,, ' ,1 • :.. , . -'lO-:el N.,t,,,, .1 ,ig,.4,'..;,. ita, , , ~,,, ... ..„4,.. ~ ... 1- .v.,,,f,,,,; ~., 1,1,-,,,i , , ' ,•. , , -_ _,--,,. . .. - _ ,-.--- ,p..-.• %,,,' A ,(0,,,, ~...,t. .., ~:.,,, ~... .**,-,0 4..„4,) . , . . . . .. .. -...-,.., ~ ,r....-,,-; -- ' r''''''''' it - rf.,'•oV-•' -..'''''''"4. .' it; k* 47/ - ''' • IN ti9r • '...d';' *,.?`;'"e•,,,,,:t c'9,l , , • .....P.9--;,/,:?..-e.:,4 _.'"''..--, ,- ..,; ii.-4 ~ ,$, ~ It. "4. i'''' , L+.:,,VV••431,Z1,0,,,t '''' ."'",;,A V. I I,', / i-. ' . - • . - ' •_... ,- ;:-.00,4.- •; ..,;-. -;';',f-i,r -(74,, •(-9-- . -71, s', ;,A ' ..., " •' s?..rir '' 4- :t..1,- ~ . `A.-. . • ..0,-..ip,‘. '-'•',•,;••••"0- Ai ; ;`.l, ' { , -- ' ''. e' , / :;,..->;',..-;47 „''' .„,„ 'f..,-,„,,"--' • , 4,-4' ftiY. 4,...,',.z...''''.- '• 1,,,'. .' ,_''R'.:s'". 4t—Z,-;',-*'-' --`‘.-i.4'‘ -1:1::,7• ' ~ -, ~ , ...- •,---- , - -' -,. e .....• ‘ii„,:' --• ''. '•, , • At . --, •:vg - ,--.. '' ...4.2‘ • ' !'" *.idt, -1 ~, „, -•,:- ..j.,- -' ~,r,,,.,',,,-../.....,,-,.2,,` .„' ~,,-,,,,,....-t,..,,,-.,,,, • i:..2....---..,.-", , ~,, :- ; ,L,„, ,:. ~,, ' ~,,',-•;".. k,',00,4,-:,,,,,_ -1,: ,' ',,,„4,,,474,. ..r-7-ef,,,, - '''....-:.4L-k-0.; . -ir,_-O,G; ..s, ' •, 0 ~.,"4,,,--,,,:,..-1114-'--k:;,..eciri5..,9:...7; ~,,..- ', :frs , .4,..1,4„.: , : '... y. ,:, ~ , , •.„,.... ~..- • .„,aftl., • ...... ~,e, y .., ,4,4,;,...„11.4:44,,,,,,A.,-....c, ye1i,..,,,6-..0.4; sp. • ~f,,-.; . .q, . I •10,1.0.---":-.4 ' ' ..10-4.7'..,.,,,,'" L. ' ".. 4,c7. • ,--;_;' : - ••'.',y,,,,rti . ; •,1,, „,. , ; ..- \----,2-.;--4 ,r- ..-- - %-,,, 4 ,e, ) , N.' ;„, ~••- - . rs.. "".., ~,.it....*:it ;,-,..,. ~.„4„,,..,,... •, . 471,,•":•/. /., ...,...74.- . _ ,;,,,e,„.1 ', '',.* ~ 'A.," ••• ' ail • ' -,"' ..11---.7:74.,'" \'''... ' '' "i. ,' '-' • ,-,,r4 .' 11, 1 $ t al, ';‘'/' •' ' ''''''' or''A.l..t=":, 'tg , - iy,1;.,,,',"- '.--,....v0. , .;, .- ' r6v.4.1,1•,,;% ', -4,,,, , i,- .= 14,- -=. es.„ ~.*.i>,- '• ; t. , .';'- - ~. i, '-, Airo•„•,. ...-.,1- -., I ..,-• ,'.. / ,/,' ', 'i' '.• '1 •::4_,,liikk ,k.',4.'';''. .., --. '4' ' -Iykrod-- ~ "'- ' 4 13* 4 . " czs--- • ''.: iti kr a;!..1'..r,•-, .4,4.4. •' •••". , -W:4,- ,-.---,:, ' ti,-..:4"r-414•'-- e'',.. ,;41.''' ."tra,,"</gl,, .1%. ," 7 -13 , '''') t, ,-, - o '' e• '''Z' -.' if ,I. ~k I' wv,,.-=.-., .--f• ' '‘,;..,----.;";,.,,,tt-,v, ..4.'. ' , ,?....,:''' :-s'/V,C4,,,'". ;.. --,, '''4 (;` '-•K . - :-* - ..;-<,,li- '''' , .1,,,, ...‘ 1-.- ' . ',k‘'."4-IC,I, ' Ntzi„, • , ~r --,t.6 ~ , , .Pckft. ,s, '‘ V--*/.. -''4 - , '',, 11" cP, ', v. ..,..,..;614,.!''.,1,:r_ ~,ir.-:;,,V, 4'. •'' • ' ' 'l"' -4:1;:t.4.; ~' ' ; ,ii q,::„.t....,. ~.• . .%-,-- .rciiiv ~,, v. t 4., A , . ;ir'';.; ' P'‘ ,4 1:` At` •/...t.f:j4 e.:'Zt-'4,;t:yte,,.V.itt' a j „,,,,,,g,, , 47,1,,,i,...".- ; . ~.. ~:.,4„ai,.,.,„,., . ,;,,,,,„4 .44,,, . ~, , 4, .4 4'‘ '4'''' ;:s .t..* jAfi.k..".•`• .2=--"' )I 5 ' •., 1 kr 1',13!, .~-! %Kir, r. r ....,..,:;_,.;, .".'7 trttirg".4.l*&•._:),l".4:, ~tel::!'el ''' 1I . t * . Y-- _L _2---', - „ ) 4 173.. ~,1,. ~.i,.........40, e: ~ ic„,,k, ,1,;:„.(1/4•,..roxier, , :.• 1...AL1...0Ar1it!..;:::.:,„,,, ei.,,i,,,04 ,i, ;., ~,`lr ."'-:7:44 ' -,--.1"-, '• , lA, ( ':',..."'' 4 ' ''' ''' ,t ''' op r.j.„i, -- •.'•-tii-4 ,',' ,-1,5-_-„),,' --'4,":"Uto.'4 ',5',-,lt-ii ~,, I' ' 1-1.4-4,---=-±.------ - -if ~7. .-,--....341er 1. .. . - _,- •, , ..,.:,,,,-,%-,,,,,,40---„4„,, , y ,-1,..,,:- ,„„„. .- , . i.i... , • ----_-_,.„-- lb, .--tr-::-.),--,-, -2.., , ..,-___, ,-,;,,,..-_-....„,,, --- ,-,-ly tv. I ;t ; ..- ..1 i.,..p • ...lir •A , „r„„..„4,;,,,,„1,..,,,,,4,.,,,14.,._ -,v i,„ „.. ely.;-•••_14.•••••••• --;,;.•-i-,z •,;',..- ---- ; ''-‘',,,.,-, ; . ;0,4..1' ""t -Z-, ' 1 ~.' ar '.11)17!,,1tag '-'• '' ' ~,,,;.';::_,At 1.,„ 'S` '!=:=."'"..';,;%:; • 41'-'7.s .) 5..; $ ' -,"--/-r'e, 4 ,-.__E' ; 7i'' ''-' 51/4, ~., ~ ---..-- ..,:,.- ~,,,,,..- • ..-,....., • . .... 1 :.':',.11 'i tr ' -.5..."f'5,:g . Ofir o. i' ..7:',--1 1 ;', 4 i.- '-'" 0,41 2.-'-... 7.,. ~.-_,..-' , it,- ---- _.-.-- - •,_-....,; -,, . ',7," ~.1 A ' ' g!e-1,414-1e,,,,'N 3,1,', ;!e.: ,__.''..-2.-' - 5-1 • `--=`".-,- -..5r,„,..-.-",••_.'''_,„-''''...-1-.:_•_._ ,I=-., 40- .e....'.! . 'l. ,-;•'4" -4-.• '''---;•,4.-i•-• ",••1 - , • , 144 ,'''',': : 7-e, WI 7,t.4 , 7:l' Y:-. -4,;-_-- -,-: ~;_." ~---,-,,,_v___:-. *- - --,..--t•--r. -.. 1.- ,-_,-- i, --,.. L.:,_ •:. z,k,.- .7/1a,.:4 -..:ii-6,142-: 7-•..-;--... -7 ""r-.-i ' 0,i7 -,- -43-. ----,- 4.'....-. ' •''' •.y -- v',APT"-I"V-A,.. ••••• ri„,..:-% N t a 11 ____,t-,.-1-----,, _.---V -- - - --•`,L_.° .%,,°,.."-'-•-•.r'''', .''"1: 1 1 Z , . ~., ----' • .---- - - - - - .- , „*- J.: -4, :_-,..-1,„.' -', ~-5-. • Y -*; `-`, . ''''-I.`k-SI ti iqt ;7.117 - -i'--- -''':-1.:- "."-%:' ;,lid-'' r-,.-_- 7.•" I.' .' ' .'-'-‘ - --4' - "P4lik...- - ---4.i_e-_, - -t--'l.' .4----,65^-,c.-kv54#..z.,,, V :,._ ~..- -,--',,.,,':r A,• L: "It ' IFt I # itz, r... 5. 'l.f._- a 7 ..,,,,,-jer-,=--4'k - iN, -4'. '‘ :•f„•' • - .... Ce.,_.- ;. 4;14 `lkar-Nsii-o-.-... r' ....,,4 ' :":.---...4'__,-_-e'' - -Poi, „.L.-;',,-,- -.1.-'..4.7,er.',:i',., .ir'e , :,,e1,,( • __......-4 ".4"-7 ~,,c: ~.___.... ...„___ .....„, .: ...‘,....2,.. .... _ 7 Ir, .: ----"rw,-,-.1 ''. ••••/ , .zi4rkw ?.- ,-; ...,-;- ---'t- '' •r-,! ~ ' '-- -•••• • • --""1,4 ,` ''r..-1"--;-). ' ' l'e*-- • '' "" ' \'__3 -='-'-' %, --- ..1 :' ' --,-. u_' - -I- -, --.-'i,--ta- ' ` '-'. • ''' ' '4ll'tj?..?::, .;-:4-;..,_ J ;,---7,4_ :114,'''•'-'7.:- 4.4-1.3_, .-.=•---.. -*••••_,..,•• 0; -' . 1'; 1 -,,.-_-- q, n!...-........ .: -7, .., ..;,....„,,,, • ~,;_. ,„.„ •-i.:, -•.-4- 4,;-.. -- --74,-4 , ,1; ‘ : ...1 4, W' ~..4? A. , ~-.•.,„,.4,„---.- , ~ ..., ~ < ---z-"-• --= ' ~_ --' -4 ~.v----_-.-•!,- 4'.1 ' .‘,.l!`"4.'''' " ir-fri,-74.4.".". ;'''-:- ',•;-.. '-- 4 .;; ',5.• ,-; • - .Ke , •''jt,,..r.",,e ', "'""';' i:.,• ..3 ; „I'f, ~.., ..t.-:,, • , eu.*.. .„,„-,!:, i •-•.• ~......_ 1:,..777,,„ ~. ,;,..- .-- - • -:, --, - 'F.) ,; , : 'it, ;.4.; (-:f .".. ..,' ..., ,v,.: 1-'4'4' '-'4.. ~ , ......1 4 ~,,:.. 1 ~.,_11.....-4> ; 1.-=-1-4- - --...,.._;.1.-.,--.,,:---,..._-,._-..,..1, , v , , „ i--V,4„..;-...74,-..;:ft,-,. , tt. . , ~,, , . ,e,:„,..0.... ~e-A...,. i , • ~. ~., 21 .i,% ..;,,, 4-, „,..-..,..,, -- :-4 ~t4'..., ..t.„:" ~,..,„..;::.-_,7,- 4-4....tt -,-;,,..1.---•-•--;_:.____---7,..._-_7.., :c.r.:-..--zzi \..1, . , ..,,-. , L.::,,,,' ~.k... 4.,i,,f., : ',.'or ',l,' -,i..-1, i ~ - - - ,F -.es ,-, ~- '' ',,, ..,,T T; i1441",4: :, 1.--_-,:',...., --, .., -----"'e-,-;=- .. .fL -.......-- ~ -'-'-'f-' -'s:'l4 -II - '/;:,-. -..-c. '- ' ' t,',.-----',.-S,---- ,' 4, :...:4'.; "'" ';'-., '' '•••-.1,t'ei..- -,.''',.",•1:1,04,451V,11,ti,`„•, -,r,J t'-`",. N- ,. vdfil-. it'.--14.--; --s'+.l-- -5---'7`''• ''''''. -:',,..'':',''' ' • ' s. 'l` '‘ .'s s''' ,' ' '-': ..‘ 1'..N.:,';',...W,,,,,t4';i• ~- 51.'„444,5t-,4" •:, 7,-,:-',,; 4,44'1.t• 'f : C'''Z'r44,:it, , .''' 1: j't , ' '`"r -,..,..0r '' -: . 'r • -,: ',;';'.''; ,-"-tlPr'i'4llirfl 015". '4.4.4 '‘-.*;`;',•;lcti•',l'4l/A.l 'n, (AC4'' '' ''" *.,tA

===== 0002601_19020613_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
wYCLIFFE P.S A SOCIETY.

Annual Meeting.

At Wyeliffe Church on Sunday afternoon, the annual meeting of the P.S.A. Societ3 was held. The reports fox the past year were submitted and the election of dicers proceeded with. The Presi- dent (Rev J3ll/1 Yonge) p:ez,ided and made suitable reference to the glad tidings of peace. THE HON. SECRETARY'S REPORT. Mr B FennA.n.(ton secretary) subraittel the .9th annual report. If he might borrow a phrase from Mr Bennett's book on Warringtori,he said,he might suggest in connection with the Wycliffe P.S society the phrase" What it was.,what it is and what it might be." " What it was" ill numbers, spirit, co-operation and earnestness many of them could testify. They had pleasant xeeollections of its sneetin2*„s and services. Nothing succeeded like success and there were indications that their meet- Inge waitici be better stil:, Wll regard to the second point, " what it Le might say that the condition of the society was goad, the meetings were helpfal and the work was the Lard's' The services were hearty, and their songs, prayers, and addresses were for God and the benefit of men. He I wanted in that 2th report to press, to urge, and to inspire them to earnestness in the work,s) that they Could go for Ward In what their P S A" might be."

===== 0002601_19020613_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iimmom

===== 0002601_19020613_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0-9,sivirrVlN -

===== 0002601_19020613_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
_

THE EXAM IN ER FRIDA Y JUNE 13, 1902

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Church of the Sacred Heart.

Rev Father Kavanagh, C.S.R., of Liverpool, preached the annual sermons in aid of the schools connected with this church on Sunday. In the morning the rev, gentle- man took as his teat " And thou shalt call his name Jesus." In concluding his sermon he said no matter how bad a man might have been, even if he had been the worst in the whole town, there was still hope for him if be would pray and use the resources placed at his disposal by Jesus Christ. tie would lift him up and brighten the evening of his days fly His everlasting love. In making an appeal for the schools the preacher said the responsibility for the education of the children rested upon the shoulders of the people of the parish collectively, and it was their duty as Catholics to see that the children had a Catholie education. The fchool could not be can led on without Support, and it devolved upon them to provide that support. Money given for the purpose of training and educating their children as Catholics was well spent. Die musical part of tne mass consisted of Weber's Mass in G, the solos and choral parts being render° I in an able manner by the choir. At the offertory Kellner's Ecce Panis was sung by Messrs G Newton and Percy George. The evening service consisted of Rosary, Ser- mon and Benediction. Alter the sermon Zingarelli's Ecce Panis was sung in a pleasinz manner oy Miss S Eastens. Owing to the unavoibable absence of MrJ Gibbing, the choir was under the conductorship of Mr Joseph Bite. Mr J Broadbent presided at the organ. There were very large congregations at both services, and the collections realiz•)d a very substantial sum.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE SUNDAY Thanksgiving Services.

At the invitation of the Mayor (Mr J C Parr) the members of the Corporation, magistrates and officials attended the thanksgiving service for the restoration of peace in South Africa, held in the Parish Church on Sunday morning. The invitation was not as largely responded to as might have been expected in the circumstances, the attendance being much smaller than in November last when the Mayor paid an official visit to the Parish Church, immediately after his election to the posi- tion. Fine weather favoured the civic procession which started from the Town Hall-shortly after ten o'clock, The Volunteers in their scarlet tunics lent a dash of colour to the procession whilst the old-time costumes of the sword and mace bearers added to the picturesqueness. The order of procession was similar to that observed at similar functions. In the forefront was the Volunteer Band playing appropriate music in an accomplished manner. Behind them walked the Volunteers, including some of those who have returned from the war, of whom Captain Appleton is chief. he mounted infantry company looked particularly smart, their Baden-Powell hats with wav- ing cock-tail leathers reminding one of the innovations which tbe South African war has intro- duced in the matter of head-dress. The Warrington corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade was strongly represented, and was in charge ot Captain Waring' chief superintendent, It was noticed that a number of the men had South African war medals on their breasts, which have been awarded them in recognition of their services in tending to the wounded and sick during the campaign wffich has now happily closed. The firemen, with their shining helmets and great coats looked ready for immediate service. Behind them walked a posse of police under the direction of the Chief Constable who marshalled the proces• sion with his usual ability. The Mayor rode in an open brougham, and was accompanied by the Deputy-Mayor and the Deputy Down Clerk. Imme- diately in front of the carriage walked the sword and mace bearers carrying the civic insignia. The following members of the Town Council and officials joined in the procession. Aldermen Hutchinson and Fairclough ; Councillors William Roberts, Barton, Burton, Davies, Hulse, Rogers, Peacock, Smethurst, Duncan, Forshaw, Bennett, Tinnion, Malkin, Baird, A J Jolley, A Jolley, and Sampson ; Messrs John Fairhust (borough treasurer), I' liongain (borough surveyor), George F F White (clerk to the borough magistrates), Dr Guest Gornall (medical officer of health), W T Flood (inspector of nuisances', Elijah Place (markets inspector), Frank Turner (superin- tendent of the fire brigade),Robert Young (cemetery registrar),W S Haddock (engineer),Ch arias kadeley (sec.librarian and curator and sec Technical Instruc- tion Committee), C B Aylward (art master), R V L Mathias (assistant engineertelectricity department) A M Ker (deputy borough sucveyor), W Fletcher (clerk of works for waterworks extensions), Mr RP Fairclough, JP, Mrs Clay, and Messrs Peyton, William Houghton, and B Shearer (relieving and inquiry officer), representing the Board of Guardi- ans. The rear was brought up by a ntunber of townsmen.

The procession was met at the church gates by the clergy and choir. The interior of the eourch bore evi- dence of the extensive alterations which are being made. The organ has been removed from the 9,703 C end, and a smaller one is being used near the choir stalls. It was impassible to use toe gallery 03 the north side owing to the alterations, but not withstanding this drawback, the large congregation was comfortably seated. 'rho con- gregation included officers and men from Orford Barracks of the South Lancashire and Liverpool R,gicnents. impressive service was conducted by the Rector assisted by the Rev A S Cameron. A special prayer of thanks- giving for the conclusion of peace was intoned. Such appropriate hymns 89 " Praise the Lord ! ys heavens adore Him " " 0 Gad our help in ages past" and "Now thank we all our God," were sung, and at the close of the service the National Anthem was also swag. Tee collection was on behalf of the;;local fund for the rdief.,,of widowsjaud orphans of soldiers who have fallen in the war. Tbe procession was afterwards ruf armed and pro- ceeded to the Town Ball. Tne route was lined with spectators and a large number assembled at the Town

THE RECTOR ON THE LESSONS •„OF THE WAR. 'The RECTOR took the text I. Kings, viii. 55 to 58 : And he stood and blessed all tho congtegatioo of Israel with a loud voice, saying, Blessed be the Lord that bath given rest unto His peopl?," &c. Having reviewed the circumetaaces under which the words of the text were written, the Rector also reviewed the events of the past 32 nsonths-2 years—so far as the war was concerned. Tony had, he add, now assembled to thank God from the bottom of their hoarte for peace, The Rector asked the congregation to think over the blessings of the war and the causes for which they had to thank God, for it WAS out of evil that He brought good. We had learnt experi- ence in the art of war. We had shown splendid emer- iti:T. but as it Seemed now it was an awful sacrifice of life to send a man in a red uniform to be a mark for Borne of the best marksmen, perhaps, in the world, with a close formation, which was a target for every bullet. They had learnt experimce now, and would have a Plain dress and a scattered formation if war should break out again. War was a terrible thing, but it had been con, ducted with humanity. See how we had fed the women and children, and in these circumstances he thought they had reason to thank God not only for the courage our men had displayed, but for the hurnaeicv of our generals. Then we had learnt respect for the Boer. They had little at first for him, but they hal seen that he could be brave, and that an undisciplinectarmy could fight agaitast magnificent troops, thus showing great courage, skill, and endurance when it was thought the enemy would have been conquered ;ion; ago. It was one touch of nature that mado the whole world kin, and they thought of the words of Kitchener chat if he had been a Boer he should have been proud of the defence the Boers had made. Lot them also thank God for the aff-mtion which had been shown by the Colonies. If it had not been for the war they would neaer have known the love of Canada, Australia, India, and the different nationalities, They ouzlet to thank God for the war which had brought them together. He thought they might be pardoned for their pride in the extension of the Britith Empire. It was a grand thing, aft3r all, cs as it not ? to be an Englishman, to be a meinuer of the British empire, the greatest empire in the world,not only in numbers, but in every other respect. Tney ought to show themselves worthy of that valor'. Lastly, they ouziet to thank God that there would be a good Government. He was persuaded that there was no Government in the world like their own. He had seen a good deal of Contine4cal nations. lii E iztand there were no unworthy restrictiens. and fras long as a man conducted himself pr merly and harmed not his neighbour he could do pretty much as he liked. It would bia a difficult task to make the Boar look upon the Kaffir as equal, but that was what they had to try to do —to give therm equal right i in time, equal voting to all, whether Boer or K iffir. What a grand future seemed to loom up before their eyes in this British empire. They had to bring the people of Africi, the Rector said, in conclusion, to the knowledge of Christ, to try to Make them religious, and all one in Christ, so that there cOuld be a true union as woll as • I asting peace.

ST. BARN&BiIS' CHURCH.

A large congregation assembled in this Church on Sunday evening when a special thanksgiving service to celebrate the conclus'o i of peace was held. The service which was conducted by the Vicar (Rey J H G aollio- worth) was of an impressive character befitting the occasion. As a processional hymn "0 Gad, our help in ages past" was sung. The form of prayer and thanks- giving for the restoration of peace, issued by the Arch. biahoos was used, the special lessons being I. Kings viii., 55 83, and Colossians Hi., 1-16, and the special psalms

103, 121, and 122. The choir gave an effec- tive rendering of the anthem " He maketh peace" (Simper), an appropriate feature being the introduction of the Doxology and the National Anthem in which the congregation heartily joined. The other hymns sung were "Through all the °bagging scenes of life" "Now thank we all our God" and " 0 Lord, how joyful 'cis to see." The Vicar based his sermon on the words" Oa earth peace," and af'.;er drawing several lessons from the war spoke of the blessings of peso°. fie expressed the hope that the British would now exercise the spirit of forbearance and forgiveness t 'wards toe B oers,and then, nojdoubt, those who had until lately been our enemies would become loyal subjeets of the Eing.—After the Blessing had been pronounced the Te Daum was sung as a solemn act of thanks.giving.—Nr T Evans presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
umimmONNIENINIII

===== 0002601_19020613_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19020613_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCa.

r Preaching at a special thanksgiving service in Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday eveniug on ' the text "How beautiful nem the mountains are the Ifeet of Hint that bringetia good tidings. that pubffsbeth Peace" (Isaiah 52, v 7), the Rev John Yonge Bud the glad news of peace had filled, the land with a thrilling excitement. Almost everywhere last Monday it com- pelled the cessation of work. , Schoelf were broken up. Works were stooped. Shops were shut. Amid a sudden marvellously opportune' and welcome burst of radiant summer, the nation spontaneously made holiday —all creation putting on the while its mot " beautiful garments." Probably there was a good deal of rsjoieing that was foolish in form and marred by unseemly egteesees. It did seem es if the English people could not be hilarious without being silly. Still, the nation did not go to that " excess of riot " which followed the relief of Mefekiog The whole throb of the national life had been better far than that which oharacterized its foolishly bragging entrance upon the three months, military picnic to Pee- Eerie. There could be no doubt tnat the national feeling about the South Africanevar had uedergone considerable change, and of late the change had been even pheno- menally rapid. We did not need now te open the dice cession of the rig et or wrong of the war. Time would show where truth and justice might have boon or might not have heel. But unquestionably public sentiment had wontlerfulie. ineditiee, to say the lease The language of the press and of the people and of the Parliament has lost its defiant, irritating tone. We had heard nothing during the last weeks of comeelsory ' unconditional surrender, of extreme penalties, of life- long banishment. The language concerning our late op- ponents bad lost; almost euedenly, its abusiveness, its contemptuousness, almost u though some occult com— mand had somewhere issued forbidding its longer indulgence. We bad noted with interest the discovery of the valour of the enemy, of his prowess, of his being !"a foernan worthy of our steel." Ideas of comciliatio had flown into and filled the air, and had purified and sweetened the atmesphere. Jingo songs had been hushed Thus the nation had been preparing, y and longing for the end of the strife, toe settlement of the war and the establishment of peace. Whoa the secret history of the facts that led up to the war came to be writtea it would probably cast discreeit upon some on both sides who paved the way to it. But when the inner faets which had brought about this peace came to be matte known—m.ocm the prevalent idea was altogether mistaken, it wo 1(1 reflect !mein honour on the mienanicaous and pacific spirit of the King. The existence of the war was the last' and the too intolerable sorrow in the experience of Queen Victoria. The establishment of De AA Was the fir it signal gladness, and the peculiar honour of leer royal son acid successor. He would now have the precious satisfac. , Mon of receiving Coronation over an empire that Was once more a: peace with all the world. God grant its long and perpetual conticuence ! When they beard last Sunday night the good tidings of pews. prehiblv many of them held their judgment somewhat In sus- pense, and also their feelings in civet until they knew the terms. Terms of peace might, in largest and most immediate sense, ever be of gupregnest importance to the vanquished. Yet, after all, they could be scarcely of less importance to the evictors, It might not be too much to say that in hardly any previous British wer had the terms of peace been more important to the repute and the general welfare of this empire than in the present case. If Me temper if a year, or even of six months ago had found expression in the present negotiations of peace, even had It been success- ful, it would not only have lift needless bitterness m the heart of the subhead palate but have also left an additional blot upon our national reputation. It was not , without reason that many of them were filled with con- siderable solicitude about the conditions of peace. All the greater might be our gladness, all the deeper our thankfulness, that our fears had been falsified, and our best hopes even exceeded. Toe peace appeared to be " peace with honour." on both sides. Our late enemies were rejoicing in the cessation of a terrible strife, not only because its rigours and its sufferings were over, but also because,although defeated after nameless sacri- fices, they felt they could lift up their heads without humiliation and could afford to shake lunch and b friends. There could be no doubt, and there was every reason to acknowledge it that one of the main contribu- tors to this successful and honoureble issue had been Lord Kitchener. He had proved himself not only a great soldier out a true statesman —a combination as rare as it was valuable. The Boer commanders and forces had held him in respect and confidence, and what was even more to the point, pet- ioles, he had held them in similar regard. His words o;the Boer :officors,with whom he negotiated the peace, revealed the spirit of the chivalrous soldier and of the diplomatic statesmen. lie Cod them that had he been one of themselves he could not have wishe 1 to have fougtat the battles with greater wisdom or (lour age than had they ! That magnanimous utterance should silence the blatant jingoes at home who had heaped all the language of scurrility upon a brave and patriotic En 'my. whom they did not und. rstand. It Wee being said— probably with some truth—that South sefrica had be- come the grave of some great reputation,. Undoubtedly it had witnessed some serious blunders, and some pain- ful eclipses of fame. But there was one great repata- tionithat had Inot been buried thore.Tle B dtish eudiers, rank and file, had come out of the war with reputations for courage, endurance, chivalry, deve- tion not only undimmed but enhanced ! . The estimate in which British soldiers—be meant the privates—were henceforth held, must be abun— dantly elevated by their conduct not alone in battle, but to the enemy and to the women and children whit whom they came in contact. The morzle ef the army had been fitieeenti could hardly be paralleled, surely not surpassed by any army in the world. Our men had passed through , terrible experiences. The earlier battles were tnurder- ous and horrid iu their experience. Led by commanders , who, however gallant and brave, were often unequal to their task, our et:idlers were thrown iato dangers that were insurmountable and fatal. The country was not likely soon to forget the tidings of those early defeats and the long lists of the wounded and the killed and the ' captured. We could not read now the aggregate malti• ' tude of casualties and losses of this war without a shudder. The report of the War Office, issued last Thursdaseshowed the total casuelties siece the beginning of the war until the end of Dday. It recorded close upon 100.000 cssualtiet, and ta reduction of our military strength by 28,000 men. Of the deaths—nearly 6,000 had been in bettle—over 2,000 of wounds— acid no less than 13,250 of disease. There had been buried in South Africa 21,942 resin and officers. These were some of the details of the cost of this strife on otrr aide alone. The local list of soldiers, volunteers and others belonging to this town and district whose bodies lay beeeath the veldt, brought the sorrow of the war nearer to ourselves. We could not forget the devastated homes in this country,the bereaved 'arts in all clasees of the people. Taere was not one of these hearts and homes that would not rejoice in this peace, but oh, how deep must ever be their sorrow through this war!! Nor nouid we confine our sympathies Co our own side. Great as our sufferings might be, in bereaved familiesamid in burdened treasnriet,their native land bad tren made a vrilderneee,teeir homes had been destroyed, their properties confiscated, their dear ones killed by battle and disease. We who had lived here in unhindered tratiquility, who had only heard the echo is of the conflict, and whose own hearts aid homes had not known the agony of son, brother, hatband, father. stricken down in sudden death—we could have ne con- ception of their long agony and distress. Surely our ' sympathy went out to all the mourners on both sides,to all who bad, by tots war, been any wise allcted and distressed, whether in mind, leery or estate. But now, thank GA there was peace it last ! " flow beautiful are the feet of them that bring good tidines,that publish peace." And how real and deep should be our thank- fulness to Film whose mercy had given U 3 and our late enemies this priceless blessing. The preacher asked his hearers not to blind themselves for an instant to the fact that this peace was the gift of God.l7lffevAtlvey had been asking Hint for it ever constantly since the war began! Multitudes had repeated the petition every Sunday from beginning to end "Give peace in our time 0 God, for there is none other that fighteth for us,but only Thott,o Lerd."Peeple even recited ,that prayer inside the churches who clam- eared for war outside. Mtn might answer their owra prayers much more often, and more readily, than they imagined ! There needed en be not only more faith in prayer, but more sincerity, more reality. A great many of our ' prayers bordered upon neeekerie9. What Use, what sincerity, could be in the petition " Forgive us nor trespasses as WS f twelve them the: trespass against us " if they said that on their knees, and rose up to refuse or withhold forgiveness from one another. And What use or reality could there be in their prayer to God for the blessing of ieternational peace, if they left the footstool of mercy, and wont out into the arena of public, national life with quarrelsome spirit and defiant tone to offend and challenge the world P Certain writers in the current press were doing this very thing to- lay. Toe Pros undoubtedly did much to foment the South African strife. It seemed to be already 10-:giare ro' ln to attempt the kindling of another. If they 'c'esired peace they Most be ever pursuing it. " Seek pacon and pursue it." Pelee came from the fear of God and the unselfish love of man. It was the gift of God. They might doubt the divineness of war although they might believe that God, who could bring geed out of,eviecould over-rule war for

good and right results. But war was so gigantic an evil that we could never be justified ia promoting it, or even I in resorting to it until every .other policy nad been per- sistently tried. Must we not understand that this blessed restoration of tranquility was a divine call to pursue and deve!op the policy and the arts of peace, and Co use and improve its opportunities ? It was to be hoped that we should witness a gradual Wing down of the spirit of militarism that had been so rampant in recent years. It would be a dark day for this empire if that spirit should become the ruling spirit. All history proved that the predominance of that spirit had been the curse of peoples and of the race. It was supremely the anti- Christian spirit, A nation could only retain its claim to be considered Christian, as it persistently exalted the , arts of peace and discountenanced the policies of war. llt had been thrown at the Christian Church again and again during this now happily ended strife that her people and tier minister, had been so ardent in their defence and even advocacy of war. There had been only too great occasion for that reproach. llt had been to Wm a painful surprise that even , Free Churches and Free Church ministers had bsen so pervaded and actuated by this spirit. It was right Co be patriotic ; it was right to be loyal It Wai right to be willing to make sacrifices for the defence of our empire and its deliverance from those who would work its injury. But war must ever be to the Christiao a last resort, a necessity full of pain, in which he could find no gratification, iLI which he could ' never permit himself to exult. The choir taco sang the anthem ." fhw lovely are the messengers" (Meudelsaohn).

===== 0002601_19020613_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PARISH CREJRCEI.

On . Sunday thanksgiving services were neld at the various chilecties in ittlanta is accordance with the form isaued und-ir the direction of tics Ki eg by the Archbishop' of Canterbury and Yerk. At Inc Pariah Church the service wee conducted oy the Rev W &cholas, and the preaceer was the li9V Osumi Maitland Wood, ,Tae proceedings opened with " Praise my soul the King of Heaven" sung as a processiowel, and the special p3alins used were 103, 121 and 122. The lessons were taken from 1 Wags viii 55-63, awl Col. iii 1-16. After the gewrial thsukseiving toe epeeist pray- ers with thanks for the regoratiol of puce were ofier.sd, by the Vicar, and the o3ngregatinin then rose while tha Choir sang the anthem "I will give Cl-sankl." The Vicar thea delivered a uno.,t impressive and interesting sermon on the text tskan from the 17 verse of the 23rel cnapter of the second book of Samuel.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BErH9:SDA CONGREGATIONAL CaURCH, RUNCORN.

Preaching at Bethesda Congregational Church, Run- corn, on Sunday evening, from the text, "Thinks be to God for his unspeakable gift" (li. Ger. ix. 15), the Rev J Osborne, M.A. (pastor), said these words might without any irreverence be a..kiu ass fitting expression of our rejoiciug over the declaration of peace in South Africa. f; seemed tb him providential that the news of so gvat an event elioeld have CO:113 on toe Sunday evening as the benediction went forth on the Chrietiati congregations of the laud. The news we received with dignified quietness, and deep eympothy, and wittioet noisy and excited demonstration. The rej Acing seemed to have been as great on one side as on tne other. 'Toe terms (Mode settleinene reflected great credit upon the Government. They were just, generous, and magnani- mous terms. Tney reveaZed a clear and strong desire to reconcile and ueite the two races. They were calculated, lee Caeca hope, not merely to pro- duce working (lemony, but peace to the end of time. Let them hope that the, sword which had been laid down would never be taken up again. A gift so groat and pricelees as peace was of a truth from the giver of every good and perfect gift. The hand of Providaoce had beta in the negotiations, and in that earnest desire for peace which animated both sides. What did a lasting peace closiet in ? In fidelity t j the empire on the part of the Boers. Our race bad shown a wonderful p )wer of multiplying and colonizing. A little one had become a thousaad, and a small one a strong nation. God took up our isles as a very little thing, but now Copy Sat upon the circle of the earth. Britain covered the globe with little Britains. The expansion of England had en the whole meant the impanel= of the Kingdom of God. There were many snameful deductions to ba made, but on the whole was it not so ? A lasting peace would also consist in fidelity to the prinoiple of religion on the part of the British. Our colonist's had taken their religion with them. Apart from this our empire would relapse into a godless and soulless empire, where passions • ef an evil sort would work calamity in the • long run. The English were a governing race, and would turn into a domineering race of the ancient type unless they denied themselves and took up their arose.

ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. )0

At the St. Paul's Wesleyan Church on Sunday the officiating noinist 3rs, both at the morning and evening services, made special reference to the peace settlement during prayers, and et thi (main; servile the con- gregation were invi:ed to sing the National Anthem. It is aeediees to eay that there W 49 a betrty respmei. WA/KW:VA Cf"."TetririlalriTh vlrki —a.t v/Itejy

===== 0002601_19020613_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
SHRVIONS.

IThe annual special service* in aid of the Wargrave Day and Sunday schools and tho 'falcon infant school were held on Sunday at the Wargrave Church. Occasion was taken at the same time to hold thanksgiving services for the suc- ' cessful termination of the War. The preacher at the morn- ing service was the Rev Canon Willink of St Helens, and there was a large congregation. Special hymns were sung by the scholars who had been tutored by Mr it Chandley. headmaster. The rev preacher delivered an inspiriting address choosing for his text Psalms 1.26, 3m' "The Lord hath done great things for us, whereof we are glad." He made special and eloquent refer- ences to the end of the war and the significance of peace. In the afternoon an organ recital was given by the organist, Mr Thomas Martin, with vocal selections by the choir. The following was the programme submitted :—Organ solo, " Sonata No 1" anthem" Sing, oh. Heavens," solo by Mx W Carson ; organ solo " Mareis des Role Mages," solo and duet " Come, ever smiling Liberty," Misses Corbett and Molyneux ; organ solo • The Storm," sacred song Miss Molvneux ; anthem " 0 loather whose almighty power" sacred song " Abide with me" Mr Molyneux ; organ solo "Communion in F." In the evening the Rev Canon Willis of Warrington should have occupied the pulpit, but for some unexplained reason he was not present and the vacancy had to be filled by the Rector, the Rev G Carson. The collections throughout the day amounted to £lB Hs sd.

B@Ll3-STRilliT WEIMICAN CIHAPIIL 'I,VI - References to the cOnclusion of peace were made at Bold- stre.t Wesleyan Chapel ou Sunday. The Rev John Gunnell oncupied the pulpit in the nisrning, and suitably commented upon the glad. news. In the evening the Rev T Bishop spoke from the words •• On earth Peace" U.s said that war was at the best a most barbarous method of righting a wrong; no tongue could describe its horrors, the suffering death, and utter disorganization. The relief was great, and huge crowds gathered to show their gladness, anl to express their joy and gratitude to God that peace had been declared, Now that the war was ever, the farms that were desolate would be reoccupied. Prosperity would return to the laud that war had desolated. Peace made for properity, war for clestru3tlon. The rev gentleman then aealt with the work of the military chaplain,aad said he had I always been present in battle, in camp. and in hospital. I always ready with sympathy and encouragement, also put- ting last messages Into hurried letters from lads who thought they would never see home again. A soldier always had to be ready for de tth. but tis did •dot think the life any more dangerous than the life of ordinary Individuals and they ought always to be ready to meet their Maker. Now that they had peace in one sense they should have it in the other sense, that we, with God.—. The choir sang the hymn Peace. perfect peace," Mr George Weaver, jun., °Meet- ing at the organ.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY•fIO4%.S IN/MAYAN CHURCH.

The service at this plane o! worship on Sunday morning Was specially arranged for the thanksgiving The hymns, leSsOns and psalms were appropriate, and the orchestra,uoder the leadership of Mr Wales' Brough:largely contributed to the insplrltiag ch traCter of the service. The preacher (Bev 011 Hocken) took for hie theme "Row heaudful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth goed tidings,that Publiebeth Peace." Isaiah III.?, The preacher said s--We are specially prepared to. lay to feet the melody and poetry of these words.. We have passed through a long. tedious,and costly war. After a trying period of awl, rtse at last the in- telligence has reached us that pease is proclaimed. And we can think of nothing else. The atm >sphere abou:, us and the tone of society seen changed, and there is a feeling of universal satisfaction. not only at home, but throughout the world wide bounds of the British dimpire. Row heavenly these tidings will seem to many an anxious aching heart We think of those who have fallen la this unhappy war, of the desolated homes and broken hearts, and pray that God may comfor6 the mourners. We recognize the noble quallies of our soldiers. some of them men of War- rington. and members of this church, who have fought for us and for their Country. We render our mead of admiration to the splendid qualities of oar &taw friends and fellow citizens, and pray to God that p3ale may bring to south Africa a happy era of coneord and prosperity. Surely it is meet that we should offer thanks to Gni for peace. There Is still to) much of the tdsfeklng and Jinn spirit among us. The seEnes witnessed in London on genday ' dune 2nd, when. R 9 a policeman put it •• London was on ire hind legs," and the scenes in Warrington and most of our large towns, were unworthy of Ile as a Christian people. The messenger of pence is beautiful because of the purport of his message. " Pd3CO "is a great word. The use of the , term, as we have been reminded by " The Spectator," as opposed to war Is entirely secondary. •• Pence " in th e Bible is a translation of the word " shalom," which, means wholesome or soundness. If a nation is not eoun4 at the ' core there Is no peace. This war has been a revelation to us. True peace is secured by the soundness of the individual and corporate life of the nation, and we shall best show on, gratitude to God by following after those things that make for Peace

L'IMM PKRTSII °HURON. At the Perish Church, Ly min, on Sunday morning, the Rector (the Rev Q 13 Thurston) preached. There was a gool oongregstlon, whlch included good number of the loos! Volunteers. The [tenor took for his text the words " The Lord shall give strength unto His people. The Lord wpall give His people the blessing of Peace."

CHRIST CRUROR, PADakrill• The service' in connection with Christ Church, Padgate. OR Sunday were held in the National Schoele as the Church is undergoing re-decoration. oth morning and evening special prayers ware offered and hymns sung, the principal hymn--" Now thank we all our God "—being used at both services. The Vicar was the preacher. In the morning he spoke from the words Put up thy sword again into its place." and in the evening from " Beware, lest we forget the Lord."

===== 0002601_19020613_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EFFECT OF SEAWEED

UPON 'THE srow4ca, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. W Roberts, 36, Perk- rest, Rh )s Mae, Wrex ham writes, November 4th. I write Co thank you for the effect Veno's Seaweed Tonic has had upon me. I suffered in 1892 from influenza, . which left mei with neuralgia debility, oonatipation, dizziness and headache, but no w lam thankful to say I feel stronger, my appettite is much better and my food digests properly; indeed every dose seems ta make me stronger. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC is prepared from natural seaweed, combined with vege t able extracts, forming a high-class, pnarni a ceuical preparation of the highest medicinal activity. It cures deep-seated complaints of the stomach, liver, kidneys and blood, possessing . all the healing, strong thening and curative power possible. lc ía eaoeciallv good for " habitual constipation." Price is 41 and 2i 9d. For sale by all chemists and medicine vendors everywhere.

BEFORE the MAGISTRATES MINOR OASES. Warrington Borough Court. _— FRIDAY —Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Roberto • Councillors Smethurst and John nonerts,and Affr Thornton HUSBAND AND WIFE SEPARATED.—ThOma9 Rowlands was summoned for deserting his wife Mary Rowlands, 155, Mersey-street.—Defendant said he was put out of the house and had to go somewhere. He ultimately admitted desertion. —Mr Browne appeared for the complainant and said the case was a very sad one. liverything possible had been done to bring about an amicable settlement, bat without avail. Defendant would not work and was of very drunken habits.—Defendant consented to an order with 12s per week alimony, and the details of the case were not investigated. MuNDLlN—Before lttr F Monks (in the chair), Aldermen Roberta. Francomb and Faintlough, Councillor Smethurst. Kerns Birchen, Hayward, Wright and Thornton. SHOP Tnerr.—(leorge Gentle, a stranger, was charged with stealing from the shop of Benediet To-nor, pawnbroker, Winwick street.on tiaturday,a pair of workmen's nailed boots IHe pleaded guilty.—The Uhief Constable said the prisoner I had bought a pair of trousers from Olr 'Cyrer. and ea g)ing outside he took the pair of bolts which were hanging at the door. He Was captured, brought back, arid eivea in custody —Prisoner, who said he was under the influence of drink at the time, was tined 23s with the option of foartem days. I herd labour. A anemone Canutaa.—Joseph Hampson, cab driver, 3 ‘. Barry-street, was summoned for using violent stud abusive language towards a young man named Warburton . in Rylands-street, on Saturday night. —P.O Bruen said the • defendant used the language towards a tramcar driver. He said be would" do •' for the car drivers. 'Witness cautioned him, but he would not desist, and he had to take him to the Pollee Statton.—Defendant said that a tram diktat named Healey said he would black his eye.—The Chairman said it was no part of defendant's business to interfere with the ear drivers. Such conduct mist be stopped. He would oe fined k and costs. Withanthatr.—Before Aldermen Fairciough (in the chair), Hutchinson, and Mr Sirenall, A PAUPER WHO WOULD NOT WWI/C.—JOWL Brereton,a Casual inmate of the Workhouse, was charged with refusing to per- form a task of work set him by the master on Tuesday.—He pleaded not guilty.— Sir gates said the prisoner was admitted to the casual ward on Monday. On Tuesday morning he was put to do some work in the garden. Witness went round there and saw him lolling upon his spade. He watched him for ten minutes. He then pointed out some work he might do, and prisoner said he would do no work. and threw down his spade.—Prisoner, who said he was waiting for the return of a carter before resuming work, was seat to gaol for seven days.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Occasional Court.

MONDAY.—Before 'Mr F A Frost. A DESEUTEL—James Ashley was charged with being a deserter from the 3rd Battalion Liverpool degiment since about the ldth Mar h. Bvidence having been given prisoner was remanded to the Warrington depot. SUSPICLOUS Oostntrar.-11dichael McDermott, of no settled residence, was chargei with being in an outbuilding at Appleton, belonging to Mr Joseph Knowles, for an unlawful purpose, and with intent to commit a fe,ony. It appears that Mr Knowles's servants heard a noise at about two o'clock that morning,and when they got up sad searched the prisoner ran away. He was followed and eventually srought back to Mr Knowles's, where he was given into custody. Prisoner, who admitted being on the prernises,was remanded o the Daresaury Petty Bess ions.

===== 0002601_19020613_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

Monnar.—Before Major Nazteburst and Mr. A. IL Norman, PITCH AND TOS9,—Five youths named Christopher Lewis. James Rose, George Basnett. Samuel Dobson. and John Basnett were charged with playing pitch and toss in Gilbert- street on Sunday the let June —The evidence showed that In consequence of repeated complaints Sergeant Gregory and PC Wilding watched the street named and on looking through some woodwork saw the defendants playing in an entry the door of which they had previously locked.—Dobson and John Basnett wjao denied playing were discharged the other defendants being fined 5s and Sc 5i costs or 7 days in. default, DRUNK AND DISoRDERLT.—For the above off n, John Byrne and Rose Ann Byrne, husband and wife were fined 53 and costs or 7 days on the evidence of 1".0 Wilson. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—. 9 young married woman named Lily Feeney was floed Is Including costa on the evidence P.O Gregory for using obscene language in Cooper-street. CHIMNEY Fullica,—RenrY Shepherd and Thomas SotulsOn were each fined the costs, 45 6d, for the above offence. SAN OLD OFFENDER.—CharIes Stubbs, Rock savage, war charged with trespassing on certain lands belonging to Henry Armstrong Wright, in search of game.—Ths evidence showed that at 5.30 a.m. en tke sth June, Wink n Dean, foreman. in consequence of having missed certain traps and rabbits from the estate, watched the field in question and saw de- fendant walk round his employer's field and search the traps. When accosted by Dsan defendant denied taking anything.—Defendant who had a long record of similar offences wa. fined 40s and costs or in default a month's hard labour. CRUELTY TO • HORSE.—Tbonsas Wagstaffe Was charged with cruelly ill-treating a certain horse by working it when in an unfit condition.—The evidence showed that the defendant was in charge of two canal boats owned by Messrs Simpson and Davies, and on the 10th of February journeyed from Warrington to Runcorn. At Runcorn it was found that the animal was in a deplorable condition, so much so that Mr Higgins, foreman, ordered the animal to be killed —lnquiries by the Bench elicited that the animal really belonged to Messrs Simpson and Davies though the men had paid the firm all but a couple of pound, off a total of £l4 for the animal. It also transpired that the animal had not been seen by any- one connected with the firm before the journey was made,— Defendant was fined 105 and costs the Bench expressing the opinion that someone should look after the horses to see whether they were in a fit coact [Mon to travel, A NOTED CHARACTER —For being drunk on Saturday night, Maria divans, married woman was sent to gaol for 14 days.

BEGGING.--A tramp named Alphonzo Ritty was Com- mitted to Knutsford for 21 days for becrising• DIRORDERLY CONDUCT. —For this offence Thomas laman was fined 54 and costs or 7 days.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALISH CO. at The Examiner General Printing Works.: Bewsey- street, and published by them at the same 'place and also at The Examiner Office Victoria-road,Winxge, 32, George-street. ST. HELENS and C. MarYet-stree4 BABLESToWN, in the County of Lancaster and also at High st. Ruzwozwin Use County of CheSter. JUNE 13 1902.

z $ • • 4.$ • . • ir . . . , • .A,

===== 0002601_19020613_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WNW

===== 0002601_19020613_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
_m14.41 --- - - . 'lll

===== 0002601_19020613_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CORONATION AGES PERSONS TRE AT.- PRESIDENT : sAvitTEL TAYLOR, FsQ, TREASURERS : F. J. SgAW UN., Parr's Bank, and P. CHLIOR EN., Williams neacous Bank. TO BE HELD IN THE PUBLIC HA .L Oil W RUNT el'-DAY 2so JULY. `44k OH THE TABLI3 AT 5.30 IiNTERTA.INNENT TO FOLI OW. AR. HARRY OI PltoFeesioNAL liuno'ntsT, haa I‘,.an enttaend for the occasion

PUBLIC DINNER OF THE TOWNSPEOPLE OF RUNCOR fr. TO CiltilialltATE IRE 1113 TURN OF Tli 111.1N0011N DETACHMENT. FROM THE SEAT CF WAR. AT THE TEOHNIZIAL INeTITUTE on FRIDAY, JE)NE 27 NI, 1902. at 730 p.m. Tickets 5s each. APpileation to tv, mode on or before the 18th inst as ilinriber is limited, to To Hail, Runcorn. W JONES, THE RURAL DISTRICT i:OUNCIL OF RUNCORN. HELSBY SEWERAGE. Obis Rural District Coned li of Runcorn invite Tenders for ecnstrne,ion of new :iiewerage and aewage Disposal „,,61:1ta at lielsby. B,tne works will comprise ai,out 21- miles of gin to 12in , 4,nineware Pipe Sewers, together with all manholes, lamp- -0118. flushimr, arrangements and other appurtenances, and , ards of Sin Iron Pu.t.ping ; the construction of I'l3ing Station and Storage Tank and Concrete Filter Beds n,rl laying out small land Filtration Area. Plans may be seen uid tltantities and Forms of „ender obtained at the office of the Engineer, Mr. W. H. ioladford Aibion Chsinbers. Nottingham, on deposit of 170 Guineas, which will be returned on receipt of a bone- CC tender and the return of the quantities. plans may also be seen at the house of Mr. William ,Lggle, the Council's surveyor, Holly Bank. Frodsham. , Sealed tenders endorsed " Tender for Helsby Sewerage net, "to be sent in to me not later than the 12th day of /nIY, 1912. !he Council do not bind the.uselves to accept the lowest any tender. By Order, GI:O. F. Athi.t!ON, Clerk to the Connell, 71, Bigh-Areet, Runcorn, 11th June 1902. A.NCIIESTER SF.IP CANAL COMPANY (BRI DGEWATER g PARTMB NT). RUNCORN MOTU, TR AFFI, , ETC. EITIOTIOR IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Gmipany will WAS,„,'PE 018 K AT III; NCORN DOCKS and BRIDGE- "'RR WHARVES on coßaziAalos DAY, THURSDAY, 'IQ 26th 1932. beraft will however be able to pass through the Canals and °eke an usual. b. J. OLDFIELD, Superintendent. -"QireWater Canal Offices, . Ch e ter-rosci, Manchester. June 11th 19)2. I:1111 CLIFF M BAPTIST CHAPEL-THE ANNIVERSARY SERVICES WILL DE HELD ON SUNDAY, JUNE 15TEr, 1902. PREACHER REV. NOAH BOSWORTH, Wigan. SERVICES : AFTERNOON, E 30; EVENING, 6.30. ANTHEMS BY THE CHOIR. ktlthe Morning. at 10.30 there will ben Special CIIIL- -185 FLOWER SERVICE, when an Address will be Chiel by the REV. N. BOSWORTH. Special Hymns by the Coil tea. You are Heartily Invited to all These Services. z!ctions will be Made in aid of the Funds. 44 Will be provided at the close of the afternoon service 1); 411 who wish to stay for the evening service,to be defrayed Voluntary offering at the tables. lilW„ OPEN-AIR SERVICE will be held on SUNDAY " "T. JUNE Bth, at 6.3). Subject:—" PEACE AT LAST" ' Special hymns.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGToN is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municinal Offices, Warrington.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, 6d. (to measure) TROUSBIRS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND Co, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

cZERGE JACKETS! SERG K. JACK GI'S ! Li Every workman should have on of EAeUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, Ilvuom-sruyET, Liverpool.

COUNTY .3 OF 3 0.., r-, --, :m ) uoRouGH .. ~-_ ‘,.,...., . WARRINGTON ,i.' , ~.........:,_ CORONATION OF RIS MAJESTY, KING EDWARD VII. 26rn JUNE, 1902. TIIE FOLLOWING ARRANGEMENTS HAVC BEEN , mADM FOR CELEBRATING THE CORONATION OF HIS MAJESTY THE KING ON THURSDAY, 26TH JUNE. A PUBLIC PROCESSION IN WHICII THE MAYOR, THE MEMBERS CF TELE COUNCIL, MAGISTRATES, FRIENDLY VCIETIES AND OTHERS WILL TAKE PART STARTING FROM THE TOWN MALL AT 10.30. ANT GENTLEMEN DESIROUS OF JOINING TUE IItOCESSION WILL PLEASE ATTEND AT THE T)WN . ICALL NOT LATER THAN 10 A.M. 141] FOLLOWING PUBLIC BUILDINGm WILL BE bECORATED AND ILLUMINATED viz:— THE TOWN HALL. THE mUSEUM. THE NEW POLICE PREMISES. THE SCHOOL OF ART. , THE PUBLIC AGE INVITED TO DECORATE IREIR PREMISES WITH FLAGS AND BUNTING AND 10 ILLUMINATE THEM AT NIGHT. NO STREAMERS AelteSi THE STREETS WILL BE ALLOWED IN THE 401ITE OF THE PROCESSION LiNVEH THAN 20 FEET IfEOYE THE ROADWAY. BY PERMISSION OF THOMAS HENRY LYON, nliQ. 411 Z) NINA THE CO-OPERATION OF THE TENANTS OF THE APPLETON HALL ESTATE A 'BONFIRE 11 ILL BE LIGHTED ON HILL WARREN AT 10 FM. AND A bISPLAY or ROCKETS WILL BE GIVEN. ON FRIDAY 27111 JUNE. A PROCESSION Op SUNDAY AND DAY SCHOLARS 'Irl" START FROM THE TOWN' HILL AT 19 A.M. (Per the routes of Procession see separate bills). ON THURSDAY 3RD JULY A TREAT To THE AGED PEOPLE WILL HE GIVEN IN THE PARR HALL, Tickets for which may be obtained from the Com- Inittee of the Aged People's Treat. 4* CHARLTON PARR, MAYOR. l'"rn Hall, June 1902. GOD SAVE THE RING! tOUN'IY COUNCIL Dairy .Seholer&hipe.—The Tech- nical Instruction Comnnttee offils for competition. Dairyffoorrintsetnruwctelevn Commencing work fit t4holb''T at scholarship:l, 41111 e Institote Worlesron, 111,e 23rd next. Applications to be forwarded tl the eanising Secretary, Crewe, before June 16th. RICHARD P. WARD 1 1 1,21 DEAN SCHOOL EXHIBITIoN CHARITY Will „, IN NRWTON-IN-MAKRRFInD• 4,74II+,R7STEES ARE PREPARED to AWARD THREE o Ellf LIONS (to Boys). tenable for two years, end each f T A (OM value not exceeding twenty-five pounds. 1,,,,,if • PRTITIVE EXAMINATIONw ' ill be held in the HA.LI.,, NEWTON. on SAI:URDAY, 25th JULY, A.;p.rming at Nine a.m, sZoMoienn,etvootLiTusiiiAiiesivibllybt,eannriemstazv.v m be ascertained htoti,.4 liead Teacher of any of the Public Elementary 444171 n the Township. tett. Intim-is for admission to the examination. and the '4'y certificates to be sent to JOHN W WATKINS, ---...„...,_ (Hon). Clerk and Treasurer.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. I CoVBRLETTH TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/A EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH OAS. Is 6D. A COMPLETE SET OP TEETH, 21s, 6, MARKET STREET (ovEn MYNEICYNE'S). H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

riIIARLES WOLF'S GISINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS. IDOZ SUPERIOR EL He- rrn) PLATED TEA-SPOONS given with each ring. Engage- ment rings a speciality. Waltham, Elgin and Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly done with the greatest e klllfind attention. CHARLES WOLF WHOLESALE JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

'W ANTED, 20,000 Painters to BUY Iron Paint Cans, Paint Stainers, Knotting Bottles, Galvanised Buckets, Chimney Tops, direct from our Works, at whole- sale r rice,. Large stock always on hand at Dlt LOWS .fr SONS. Bakers' Utensil Manufacturers and Compete Bake- house Outfitters, 24, Presoot-street, Liverpool.

TO BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS—GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES.—Bun Tins, Troughs, Provers Peels and Rods, Window Trays, Confectioners' Ovens, Chaffers, Blowers and Pipes, Sandwich Boxes, Roll Tins. Oval Cob Tins, Pie Machines, Tea Urns, Moulds, Beg Whisking Machines, Scales, Gas Hot Plates, Bowls, Ice Cream Freezers, Trucks. Knives, Fancy Cake Stands, Slab Cake Tins, Raspberry Sandwich and Madeira Cake Tins, Sieves, Icing Tubes,Scone Wire Cutters, and every descrip- tion of new shapes of Tins and Bakehouse Utensils. M LOWR & SONS, Manufacturers of Bakers' inols and Utensils and Complete Bakehouse Outfitters, 24, Prescot- street, Liverpool.

BOYS, AM I ANY USE TO YOU? STRAIGHT; I HAVE REALLY GONE ALL OUT to mai,e my Is. 6.D., Bs. 6n.. and TWELVE 808 BOOTS the FINEST Value in England. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County en MONDAY, the 30th day of June next, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearingor all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddiahury, Nantwich, and W.rral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such flutitheds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle ot Chester, at tbe opening of the (Joust on MONDAY, the 30th day of June Next, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the Fore- noon, THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Koutsford, on WEDNESDAY. the 2ad day of July next, at Eleven o'clock in tbe Forenoon, when another Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Huni!reds of Bucklow, Meech-afield, and Nortbwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the tri.ls of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District to u pmhf u jsoti bye ne next, t, fo attendance c lEleven at the Court House, Kuutsford,at p Clerk of thlein c ratee,o, for InniteWk i)) tNhEes ro4yr e, rtohlen .2 adday Cheater, 9th jun,. 1902. Ethe i CountyN ALp P ECTbse' C P ester.

UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE URBAN Dismici COUNCIL OF NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIELD. _ TOWN HALL, EARLESTO WN; JUNE 17TH TO 20TH, 1902. • EXHIBITION OF GAS COOKERS, &C. .TO BE OPENED AT 3 P.M. ON TUESDAY, JUNE 17TH, BY MR COUNCILLOR WILLIAM THOMPSON. FREE COOKERY LECTURES DAILY AT 3 P.M., AND 7.30 P.M. ADMISSION FREE TO EXHIBITION- AND LECTURES. SPECIAL NOTICE ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY SHOULD CALL AND SEE HOW THEY MAY SAVE ONE HALF OF THE TIME, MONEY, AND ,LABOUR, NOW EXPENDED ON COOK- ING IN THE OLD WAY. THE U.D.O NOW SUPPLY GAS COOKERS ON EASY HIRE-PURCHASE TERMS AN FIX THEM FREE.

o U AND Cl MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 161. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 93. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GEDDES DANDELiO Di COFFEE The bett and cheapest ever offered to the Publir, Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Csaistes 5d., 10d., and Is. Sd. each. Wholesale by 3. GEDDES AND SON. LTD SMISHING Ton ESTABLISHED 1033.

I - GREAT NORTH RN RAILWAY, (lIIELAND.) A WELL IN IRELAND FOlt A WEEK-END FOR EL INCLUDING Bo AT (SALOON). HAIL AND HOTEL CHARGES. FOR LIST OF TOURS, DAYS AND HOURS OF DEPARTURE, APPLY f 0 R. W. S, McALPINE, 37, IMPERIAL CHAMBERS. DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL

LIVERPOOL AND DOUGLAS STEAUERS LIMITED• LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. CHEAP FAREI DAILY, 10.45 a.m. FROM DOUGLAS DAILY, 4.5. p.m. . EXCEPT WEDNESDAYS AND FaIDAYi, WHEN STEAMER WILL RETURN AT MIDNIGHT. Passengers can return any day up to September lot with these tickets. 33. 6D. RETURN. 38. 6. Every Saturday from Liverpool. 10 45 and 2.30 July sth to September let a Double Doily Service. SEASON TICKEY, 255. EACH. Tickets and handbills at WALKS:Iea 53, Whitechapel Liverpool or Landing-stage.

WERPooL & NORTH WALES.-REGULAR ..L.J DAILY SAILINGS(Swidaye included) by Paddle Steamer "St. Tudno," leaving Liverpool Landing Stage at 1045 a.m for Llandudno. Beaumaris, Bangor, and ,Menai Bridge and due back about 730 p m. Fxtra saillngs by Snowdon. Every Saturday at 2.15 p m for Llandudno and Menai Straits. Every Sunday at 11.15 a.m. for Llandudno. due back 7.30 p.m. Return Day or Week-end Fares First Saloon Second Saloon Liverpool an Llandudno......ss. Oct. Liverpool and tr. traits 6s. 6d. For particulars as to Season 'tickets rates and all infor- mation apply to the Liverpool & North Wales Steamship Co, Ltd., T. ti BREW. Sec. 41, Chapel St. Liverpool. Tel. 6366. Through bookings every dly. by Cheshire Lines, and on Sundays by express train leaving Warrington at 9.45 a m.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. PAP" Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2 15 p,m. DOUGLAS to FARROW-8 30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Pres!on at 958 a.m. Special cheap return fares from Warr:Si/ton : First class and Saloon 2s Od Trains run Third class and Saloon 158 6.1 alongside Third class and Fore Cabin lls 64 Steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning viz Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vtce versa, can now be obtaintd at following Fares : First-class and Saloon Third class and Saloon 14s Od. Third-class and Fore Cabin 108 Od The journey rosy be broken at Grange Ulverltoon (for the Lakett),Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPOIiTANT NOTION.— The magnificent new express steam " DUCHRSS OF DRVONSHIRR ' a ill Ls on the service during July. August. and September—JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

LADIES. LADIES. Mrs S sTAFFORD-lISOOMIS,the eminent Lady Specialist fl all Female Complaints, has much Weasure in announcing that her RUMMY for restoring regularity WITROUT mgpiciNß is the only positive, safe, certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not in- terfere with houmhold duties I guarantee every ease. Send at once stamped addressed esvolope for full particu- lars and most convincing testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a penalty of £1 000)to Mrs. S STAFFORD-SHOO ICILS 10 Featherstone Buildings, High Holbert'. London, VI, 0.

731 13UTTER MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND HORSESaNN. THIS ESTABLISHMENT IS OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 o'CLOCK FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLES, 8:c, ALL OTHER NEWSPAPER PERIODICALS, MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Postal District can be supplied by the first early post with any of the above Newspapers by sending their oriers to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF JOHN ALLEN, LATE OF CHADWICK'S, SCOTLAND-ROAD

UIN NESS S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Ann BITTIIR AL.% tILLSOPPT, MILD .ssrn BITTER ALES. WDEATLEY'S 110 P BITTIII Ir7IIIIATLEY'S EIMER BEER. tri) be bad in CASK or BOTTLUS f rom Bo CUYN INGHAM WIN-NICK ROD, WARRINGTOIL. Also Ilannfaoln-or lIIGE CLASS MINERAL ISATIJ:S In Screw•stoppered Bottles. Telephone So. 179. MORES. OWEN STREET.

R. . OLLINGWORTH AND CO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIRERS. 69, ST. JAMES'-STREKT, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA % EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HILsIiTHS, FLOORS. ac. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams flowaisoworrris, Latchford."

CORONATION FESTIVITIES. BOILED HAMS, COOKED TONGUES. VEAL AND HAM PIES, FINEST KIEL BUTTER, PURE CEYLOZT TEA, LOAF SUGAR. ETC. SUPPLIED AT VI HOLESALE PRICES. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. NOTE ADDRKSS : JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY. STREET, WARKINGTON,

CORONATION AND WALKING DAY. SWEETS FOR THE CEIILDREN, SECRETARIES AND COMMITTEES OF SCHOOLS CAN BIC SUPPLIED WITH THE BEST OF EVERYTHING IN CHOCOLATES AND GENERAL CONFECTIONERY FOR STALLS AND SCHOOL TREATS, AC. CALL AND INSPECT OUR STOCK OR SEND FOR OUR REPRESENTATIVE. SAJ. LH NKEY-STYRTEEGT°, W 2 & ARRICNG(T)ON.

TOBACCO, RETTES, C 1 Gc_Ai S. uA OISU F F . EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STFIRnT, MADTORESTBR Established 68 Years

T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, EXAMINER" OFFICE. 33, MARKET STREET, EARLBSTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY GOOD. PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES. ice to the atove address. AGHNT FOR THI4 WRSLNNAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY. THE VW ARRINGTON SLATE (30., 1.4 D SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB •PEOM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Offices llama Street, War:lngton

FRANK DAVR7', NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. " ASCOT STAKES and ROYAL HUNT CUP. A Daily Price List Issued, allowing latest market changes WRITE FOR MY GREAT STEWARD'S CUP CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

_ T. G-. PATE SON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A SPECIAL OFFER ON THE CORONATION DERBY. £l,OOO TO 2e. 60. WITH EXPENSES TO LONDON AND BACK AND FREE SEATS TO VIEW THE CoEONATIoN PIEVEKBIoN. EE THE "TURF REGISTER," SENT POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 203. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; Inlaid gold, 40$. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, pahnessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS. 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

ILLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Fac-Sinalles of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan titles dcc., copied and lithographed.—BnooKs AND SaN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

Li INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED EXCEEDS £460,000.000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street.

THERE IS A GREEN SPOT NOT FAR AWAY WHERE YOU CAN GET ALMOST ANYTHING FOR THE HOUSEHOLD ILL GOODS BOUGHT FOR CASH AT LOWEST MARKET PRICES ALL GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH THE CHEAPEST SPOT FOR YOU THE " SPOT " SHOP THE " GREEN " SPOT SAM N. GREEN WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

IMPOR, I T TO FARMERS 84c: BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 To 2. AMMONIA 2i- TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 TO 12. PRICE £2 153. PER TON. 58. PER TON CAsH DISCOUNT. AT YARD, OR FREE ON RAILS, SP ECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3i- TO 4, AMMONIA 4 TO 0., PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE £4 28. 60. PER TON, 79, SD, PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone No 222. Telegnirns Toole Warrington.

LT G. DOWLING, ..1-a.• RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE, COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT, Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath.

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGED ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30. NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A HINT FOR THE CORONATION. MANY A CROWN IS LOST BY INJUDICIOUS PURCHASING OF CLOTUING. THE M.CJD. TRADE ON ECONOMICAL LINES. ALTHOUGH THEY DO NOT PRETEND TO GIVE CROWNS AWAY, THEY DO ASSIST THE ECONOMIST TO SAVE MONEY BY THEIR SYSTEM. EVERYTHING SOLD IS BASED ABSOLUTELY ON FIRST COST BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN'S CLOTHING IN GREAT VARIETY FOR CORONATION YEAR. CALL AND INSPECT THEIR SPEGIALITIES. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORSEMIRKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ROCKETS, SHELLS, BATTERIES AND EVERY OTHER KIND OF FIREWORKS FOR THE CORONATION CAN BE OBTAINED FROM J. H. PARKINSON & SON, 2, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. WE HAVE SECURED ALL THE CORONATION DISPLAYS IN THE DISTRICT. SPECIAL ATTENTION TO FAMILY ORDERS. COLOURED FIRE A SPECIALITY.

CORONATION FIREWORKS, CRYSTAL PALACE FIREWORKS DISPLAYS FROM ONE GUINEA. ALL KINDS OF FIREWORKS A.ND ILLUMINATING COLOURED LIGHTS IN STOCK. WRITE FOR PROGRAMME TO T. PRINCE, 4, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGE STOCK OF TOYS AND USEFUL ARTICLES FOR SCHOOL PRIZES.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRII)GE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BO )1' WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. • UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAIth MAXIM AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pietnres, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Au. Terms Moderate. A FINN COLLECTION OP PIIO.COGRAPEIS for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL TEE LEADING MAKERE) SOLID SILVER, ELECT%) PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OP EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Motley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attentiou. TELEPHONE, 2081.

• Linen whiteness comes from Starch as well as washing. Colman's Starch whitens linen. See that 1. 71"1: theßullsHead Colman 's 310-,i,4 are on Name and 16.--10 the Box. coLmApti sTA ,P. Regd.

The Rsv Simuel Wright, a well-known minister of the United telethodist Free Chvrch, died PilidAnly at Lincoln on Tursday from heart dilease, aged 70. For sqme years Mr Virieht was connexional secrearv, and was presi- dent in 1893, after which he went to Jamaica as general superintendent of the missions, but was compelled, by the breakdown of his healn. to return borne. Els had ministered at Sheffield, buoderland. Bradford, London. Gateshead, Bacop, Lowestoft. and Lincoln. CADBURY'S COCOA is a pure, reacted beverage nutritious. stimulating, and digestible. The " Lancet" says it " repre" sentitthe standard of highest purity." Hntirely free from admixtures. such as kola. malt, hops, alkali, .itc. Insist upon having CADBURY'S, as other Cocoas are sometimaes substituted for extra profit. In Packets and Tins only. (2) TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climates; it is light, clean, cool. comfortable. and durable; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITE & WRIGHT Surgical Instrument Makers, 93. Renshaw-street, opposite op of Bold- Street. Liverpool.—Advt.

44r, Cle-C L Prices from £lO 10s. to £25 Depot--73 BOLD ST LIVERPOOL* A?' - - , • ,1-•;• ARM/ STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJO/01 1,4 GUITARS, VIOLINS, dc, Snecial Offer.—Guaranteeg ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside, ll°e. wood. ornamented: 10e. 6d. Carriage paid. Bent (Falai MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Case Is. post free, ARCHPR AND SONS. ST. (.13ORCIES' CRESCK' TOP OP LORD-MR.O% PPOOL. lahUshe lIIIDUCTION IN PRICE' rFORi —.INCANDESCENJ- BURNERS. IIaCANDRSCE MANTLES. UNCANDIISCENT CHIMNEYS. INCA NnuscHNT 0r.0r%, ALL KINDS OF SMOK-0 PROTECTORS. OAS r.O.LOBEis OF DIFFSEENT J LOURS AND PATTERNS• CLASS 0101355 CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGD AT ADAMS, 80 ST. eT purs PLAm WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH Sli VIII= PLATE GLASS SHADES AND SIANDS AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT J. ADAMS, 212, NORTH-HILL ST., & 14, SAITHDOWN LIVERPOOL.

„ , ~..., lin rpm F.l .• 9 ~• • : ~.. .‘, !:...,i,„ . 1 - i. - :,• ~ ~ . . BA 1, i ! . Dry Thin and Falling Hair and Red Rough Hands Prevented by cuTicuRA„.,SOAP MILLIONS Use CUTICITRA., SOAP, assisted by CUTICURA OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleans- ilig the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping or falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chaflngs, in the form of baths for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes, for ulcerative weak- nesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic, cleansing purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. CUTICURA SOAP com- bines delicate emollient properties derived from CUTICUItA OINTMENT, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odours. No other medicated soap is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and complexion soap, and the BEST toilet and baby soap in the world. ' COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR, 4s. 9d. C, onsisting of CUTICURA SOAP, Is., to cleanse the skin of crusts and , Cdicura scales, and soften the thickened cuticle; CUTICURA OINTMENT, 25. 6d., to instantly allay itching, inflammation, and irritation and soothe and heal; and CUTICITRA RESOLVENT PILLS, I. 14d., 'IC/ COOl and The Set, 4s. 9d. cleanse the blood. A SINGLE SET is often sufficient to cure torturing, disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes, and irritations, with loss of bair, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world, or, the set, postpaid, 4s. 9d., by F. IsTEIVEERY & SONS, British Depot, 27-28, Charterhouse Sq., London. French Depot: 5 Rue de la Pair, Paris. Powell. Data AND CIIEM. COMP., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate Coated)are a new,tasteless,odour- ess, economical substitute for the celebrated liquid OUTICIIIIA RESOLVENT, as well as for all other blood purifiers and humour cures. Put up in screw-cap pocket vials, containing 60 doses, price, Is. Ad. CIITICURA Mut are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and beyond question the purest, sweetest, most successful and economical blood and skin purifiers, humour cures, and tonic-diges- tives, yet compounded. . . .

ELSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Comfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains. H IGH-CLASS AND SUuunSSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate: Splendid Pcsition Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, Blundelisands.

MR. TOM BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUEZ-STREET, WARRINGTON.

VAIRHAVEN HIGEI SCHOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing pooltion,seaside,extensive accommodation Nigh-elate Modern Education. Staff includes President B. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams. successes, Principal : Miss MILLEN.

Ivy R. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of LV Music,Organist and Choirmaater of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' praotice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE! W arrin gton. OSENEATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— IC Principals Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnasium, great attention to music, a, t, modern languages : resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Lond. alatric Cambridge Locals and Assoc : Board, R A 13, It 0 11, in- clusive terms,

MR. B. WADSWORTH, Organist and Choir- . master at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church ; Teacher of the Technical Institute and Y.M.C.A. Choral Classes; two years' Queen's Scholar in Borough-road College, London; nine years Class Master at reople's College; Teacher of PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, SIGHT-SINGING, has Vacan- cies for a limited number "I Pupils. By special request, Mr. W. has recently undertaken private coaching for Civil and Postal bervlce. King's Scholarship. Terms from Wads: worth's Piano DepOt, 59, Sankey-street. Warrington. SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK NRW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMiSTER—J, C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R G.S. 37 !SUCCESSES AT PUBLIC EXAMS., 'XMAS, 1901. LARGE RESIDENCE NOW BEING ERECTED FOR BOARDERS.

DVVLLHILLI.—WHaff HOTEL. firbt-class, faces sea - _1 table d'hote. separate tables, first-class cuisine. Moder ate tariff, en•pension • charming drives, golf, ileal resort Telegram', HAM% Pwlheli.

DOUGLAS— EMPIRE BOARDINGHOUSE, Castle Mona Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and bathing grounds ; trams pass door ; terms 6s 64 to 6s per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

DOIJULAS, ISLE OF MAN.-- THE WEcTMONE- LAND," 5, Empire Terrace, Central Promenade, facing hien ; close to all principal places of amusement, full board 5s 6d per day.—Mrs BLLIs, proprietress.

T ONDON.—TAT HOTEL. 154 Ruston-road Three minutes _LI from King's Cross, St Pancras and Ruston Railway Stations ; bed and attendance .36 6d ; private sitting-rooni to 6d per day ; highly recommended.—A U RODNEY, Propr.

DOUGLAS, ISLB OF MAN.—Pemberton House, 5 Empress Drive, Central Promenade, and close to all places of amusement ; trams pass; full board from 5s per day. Apartments.—Mrs HARRIS. (Late Mrs Bastliam's.)

DOUGLAS.—BALMORAL, Queen's Promenade. magnlfl- cent sea view; trams pass door; full toard from be 6d per day, apartments from 2s. Special terms for private suites of rooms on application. Fll McPaAIL. Proprietor.

JVDlBBURGH.—Bobinson's popular Temperance Hotels, 31, Lothian-road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princees-,t. leach Hotel under go-a head Rochdale management.—Address ROBINSON. to the Lothian-road Hotel; and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. IAT ILD'S TEMPERANCE MOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 .Sc 71, HUSTON QUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

G 00D FREE FISHING in river and loon : Salmon, Sea- trout, Trout, kike and Ferch.—BOAßD-RESIDENCE, CARTREFLE,LOehmaben. N.B.Visitors in Miss RUlMErtFoliD'ill Establishment have the privilege of fishing five miles of the Annan.

ABBRYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable 'Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Boom and Coffee Boom facing the sea. Board terms from 2i guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from be. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS do., apply to W. H. PAL3I6III, PROPRIBTOR.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORTH WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON-SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing :the sea, Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery; water supply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments ; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent aolf Links by the sea within mile. High-class Cuisine. germs moderate.—Tariff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASGOW.)

OOUTHPORT. HATES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTA.BLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

MARKET -STREET, good SHOP with House£so. BROOKSIDE PENKETH, Detach 3 Residence, garden, reenhouse /cc. Rent £4O. 83, HOWLEY LANE, rent Es. BRIDGE STREET, CORNER SHOP, until 25th March iext, premier position. PENKETH.—Cottage,s 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and Es. Ed. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT Lowz, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—No 65.

GAPES CURED without handling the birds by using George Smith's Gape Powder, sold I*, tins, 9d and is 6d free by post, is and ls 9d. New desoriptivepist of Pheasant, Partridge. Wild Duck, and foods for feeding all kinds of Game and Poultry, with numerous testimonials ; post free. —GEoIIGH SMITH, Orford Place. Norwich.

VGGS FOR SITIING.—SEASON 1902. Poultry Keepers L will now be asking, where they can get Gocd and Re- liable Eggs ? An important question, steing so much fraud practiced at the present day. Take no notice of Prize Winners, but see the Birds if possible. I have a Stock of Birds well worth seeing, and cordially invite an inspection Of the following Pure Birds :—Langshans, Indian Game. White Brahmas, Lancashire Buffs, Black Leghorns, Buff Leghorns. Brown Leghorn., Buff Orpingtons, Black Orping- tons, /Louden', Golden Wyandottes. Silver Wyandotte's, Buff Wyandottes, Black Minorcas, Blue Andilusians, White Leghorn., Barred Plymouth Rocks, Buff ChoChins. two pens of First Crosses for Good Layers and able Birds ; one /louden Cock, Buff Orpington Hens, Brown Leghorn Cock Golden Wyandottes Hens, all A-1. Bggs all oae price,viz : I _2s 6d per 13 Bags to them who feteh them. 3s carefully packed and put ou rail. If not 10 Fertile Bggs in each sit- ting I will make all good if brought back or sent C.P. Splendid Buff and White Runner Ducks, Grand Layers, at 2s per doz. Note change of address :--111INRY DKAPHR, 201, Newton-road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le- Willows. No Business done on Sundays.

SOUTHPORT. --Public and private apartments, Pianos, The litmus CIiOFIeLD A:VD itiLLLi, Beach View, 32, Seabank-road, MORECAMBE.—Superior APARTMENTS, comfortable home. feting sea and West-end pier.—Mrs WILSON, 9, Erving-terrace.

A PARTMENTd to be let; oue sitting-room, two or three bcdroonas.—Mrs iJUGBE, Olauraton House, Llangoed, near Beaumaris. PAIUMBNTS.—WITH OR WlTfitol7T BOARD, Terms moderate.—Mrs. HALL, Fairholme Promenade, (neve- leys near Blackpool.

ILL RSApEAVittsiNINT6sS bAedibrooertin-ropadu6licßeltiitetkippgoo-rlo.omeentral cook- ing and attendance for two persons, 2s per day. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS TO LET in farmhouse; two sitting-rooms, three bedrooms.—Apply Mrs DE MAINE, Drlbley Barden, Bolton Abbey Skipton.

VARMEOUSE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, Private or otturwiee. terms moderate; near station and seashore. —Mae. TEAM Ballahiek Farm, Eallasalla, Isle of Man. VITRNISHED 6 Roomed COTTAGE, with garden attached 1. at Ballavear,within 15 minutes walk from Colby Railway etatlon,—Mrsß GILL, Ballacreggan,Port Boderic,lele ot Man

011KSHIRE BORDER.—Apartment a or board residence, 1 healthy, bracing, highly recommended by medical pro- fession, certified sick nurse.—Um WOODHEAD, Marslands, DobPross.

DOUGLAS. Mrs HaNtatonna, Bunny-bank Houle, Broadway; with or without board ; splendid sea view from all windows ; cable trams pass ; piano, bath. Apply for terms.

BLACKPOOL. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanliness and good cooking, satisfaction guaranteed. Apply Paws H. RICHARDSON, 86 Hornby Road, Blackpool.

MORECAMBE.—Highly recommended APARTMENTS promenade, specislities, cleanliness, cooking, beds, terms moderate.—Smun AND PRIESTLE 7, Westleigb,Marine Parade, Sandylands.

DOUGLAS.—Bgerton-house, 6, elarenee-terrsree, Centre promenade, facing the sea. Tea, bed, and breakfast Ss 6d ; beds 2s per night, private sitting-room. MISS CORLETT. Proprietress.

OIIOIIAN, ISLE-OF-MAN.—FURNISHED COTTAGE to LET at once, Five bedrooms. bath, sitting-room, Sca 'sad country view, with or without attendance.—Mrs CHRISTIAN, South View.

BLACKPOOL.—COMPORTABLE APARTMENTS, pleas- antly situated near Central Station and Sea, every convenience. Home Comforts.—Baa. J. TOMLINSON 59 Hornby Road Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—Miss WARHURST, Springfield House. 139, Talbot-road; public and private SITTING-ROOMS, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view ; piano ; opposite station.

BLACKPOOL, Central.-111rs. JACKSON, 29, Chapel-street. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS; bed. attendance, 25.; with breakfast 3.; full board, 4s. 6d. ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation.

DOUGLAS.—The old Lancashire Home, " Whitworth and Blackburn House Apartments, with or without board• Mr. ACORIfLtY. 3. Clifton Terrace, Broadway, two minutes from oentre of Promenade. Terms on application with stamp.

BLACKPOOL.—Mre. BOARDMAN (formerly Miss Haugh- ton. of Swinton),Lynwood Mouse, 11, Waterloo-avenue, South Shore, four doors from Promenade and near the Man- chester Hotel, Public and private Apartments. Sea view. Piano. Good storage for cycles.

ORICCIETE.—To be Let, Furnished HO USE or APART MINTS, goal size facing the sea, four minutes' walk to the beach and station. het and cold bath, piano, horse and trap, bathing, boating, fishing.—Apply Mrs MatoLsoN, 3, Bryn-terrace. Criceieth, North Wales.

TO BE LET, FURNISHED COUNTRY RESIDENCE for I_ one, two or three months ; eight bedrooms, three recep- tion rooms, bathroom; near moor;; well-wooded grounds, rabbit shooting, fishing, stabling ; use of horse and carriage. —Apply WEATHERCOTE, Chapel-le-dale. Kirkby Lansdale.

NICHLY-F ITUATED VILLA, well furnished, for summer months, or part of; four entertaining rooms, seven bedrooms every modern convenience ; stable, coachbouse, benrun, croquet grounds, large garden ; splendid views and scenery ; good fishing; 41 miles from station ; gmd roads; P.O. and T.O. close by; to be Let as a whole, or Apartments terms moderate.—Aoply CIWYLFA, Corwen. North Wales,

MASON'S BUSINBSS.—A splendid opening for energetic man ; a good Monumental and Building Mason's Business in Widnes to be dloposed of.—Apply for particulars to 8.. 33, Hope-street, Bar'mown, Lanes.

O N SALE, WAGGONIITTB, with movable top, to carry 10; also a CAB.—No. 140, KiuscHALL-LANE, Leigh. WOOLS for Fancy Mate, le 3d per lb ; samples sent for 2 penny stamps.—ROYAL CARPET FACTORY, Wilton, alisbury. jNVALID CHA IRS .—The ' Convalescent,' £6 6s; or ma _L. be hired for any period, with option of purchase—BUNT- NO, Harrow.

LIVE FISH only. prepared for cooking. 6 lbs Es ; IMbe 2s 6d; 14 ibe 3s, carriage paid.—FisinroNGEßs SYNDI- CATE. Grimsby.

KILLBD !—Oneitoplicatton of Oakea' Nit Killer Pomade ; all nits and vermin are killed ; it never falls; large tins post free for 5d trom maker.—S. T. OAKES, 1 Bond Street, Weymouth.

HOW to catch MICR, RATS, BEETLES, Au.. without traps or poison. Full printed instructions (copyright) post free penny stamp.—W Rump, bird specialist, Norwich Mention paper.

A LL STOOPING STOPPED.—Loo's Shoulder Straps per- t]. manently cure round shoulders in a few months ; send is P.O. and waist measurement.—Loo. 9 Morland-road. Penge, London, S.B.

GARDEN TIINTS, size 12 ft. x 6 ft. ; no centre pole; front awning; shower proof canvas. White, £1 19s 6d. striped, £2 ifs 6d. Carriage paid, send for catalogue.--TENT, Co, Boston, Lincs.

TINENDIAENMAWR, NORTH WALES.—To be Sold, splendidly situated, two pair semi-detached cottage. ; freehold with £5 16s chief- Rents £lB—Address RS . "Examiner" Office Warrington.

WASH LIILTHERS (Real Chamois) for window co• carriage cleaning. polishing. is 3d, Is 6d. Is 9d, 2s 3d each ; sample by post Id extra.—DUDLEY H WILLS, Leather Dresser, Helgham street, Norwich.

NATATBRGIASS.—FIneit Egg Preservative known. suffici- ent for preserving /51) eggs. Is ; 500, 2s, carriage paid ; full Instructions; guaranteen pure ; 17lbs per gallon. KNIGHT, 37, Aston•lane, Birmingham.

LI OMB WORK by the quickest, simplest, and latest Im- proved HARRISON KNITTING MACHINBS ; highest wages earned. Lists from HARRISON MACHINE, Co., LTD., 48. up;ser Brook-street, Manchester.

NRTTING. N UTTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. Tames JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

oux t-4,0110 Pairs tiew MILLI:LAX BLUokikaiS sewn; Ii very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, poet free forts 6d per pair; money returnedlf not approved of,—ll. J. Cisssox, Government Oontraotor, Rye.

WATER-GLASS is the most perfect egg preservative known. Sampie tin, with full directions, is ; enough to preserve 750 eags, is. Also Flint Grit, Shell, ac.. from the EXCAVATOR CO., LTD. IS. ironmonger-lane, London, E.C.

FROM GROWER 10 CONSUMBH.—lmported Turkish Cigarettes manufactured by the choicest aromatic tabaeco ; 36 6d per 100, worth 6s ; 32s per 1,010, post free. Depot.—TgEsf. NICOLAIDES, Old Trinity Rouse, Water Lane, London. B.C.

lUittallterrhll tin; from !Us 6,1 per Cwt.; WheiLers ki 9s 6d per owt ; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanised Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork ; Felts, 38 9d per roII,—SUMMERRILL & Co.. Beaver Works. Wolverhampton.

How TO BE HEALTHY TROUGH A SMOKER Send to ENGLISH & Co. Postern Chambers, Nottingham, for English's Patent Dry-smoking Pipe; no nicotine or moisture can enter the mouth ; strongly recommended by medical men ; price Is 6d and 2s 6cl, post free.

JNDIGESTION.— THE MEDICAL REFOR—M—SO:TIETY will Fend FREE to all applicants an excellent BOTANIC CURE for Indigestion, Biliousness, Liver Complaints, Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis.—Address : The Secre— tary BOTANIC INSTITUTE. NOTTINGHAM:

liA/ ATER-GLASS.-3d worth of glass will preserve lb° Y 1! eggs quite fresh for 9or 12 months, and so double their value. Millions so treated in America, Canada, and Germany ; 1s tin of glass and pamphlet, Is 63, post free.— MANAGER, British Bgg DepOt. Hinckley, Leicester. - PUUDENTIAL LIFE POLICY FOR SALE. Dated 18 74 £9OO, Bonus £370 to 1901, Annual November premium £l4 3s 4d, Surrender Value £4OO. Male age admitted 61. Whole life. Offer wanted.—H. PADFIELD, 33, Percy-street, Liverpool.

910 BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive J 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Leal, with siding to the railway. huitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HO3KING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool. "PRUDENTIAL LIFE POLICY FOR SALE. Dated ISM, 1 £3OO. Bonus £59 to 1911. Annual October premium £ll 17s. Surrender Value £ll6. Mate age admitted 61. Whole life. Offer wanted.—H. PADFIELD, 30, Percy-street Liverpool.

BICST and Cheapest MA 1111 for Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy for fly, slug, &c, Native Guano,priee 70s per ton, in bags; 2 ton lots carriage paid ; 1 cwt. bag paid to any station in England for ss.—Write for twenty- sixth year's testimonials, NATIVE GUANO Co„ Ltd., 29, New Bridge—street, London, B.C. FIOW TO MAKE MOSEY —Every investor should write for above pamphlet, showing how large profits may be made without hazardous risk or speculation, and how, by successful investment, £lO can return £3los weakly profit. Larger or smaller amounts in proportion.—Rxcamm BARKER 11 Queen Victoria Street, London, B.C.

CATARAOT ON BYN.—Cu re without surgical operation- simple invalu able for weak eyes ; Consump lion, Dropsy, Lumbago, It heumatic Cure, prevention o Small Pox and Fevers. and other invaluable information. Post free is, no further charge; genaine hints.—WnEEL- HousE, Printer, 18a New Bold-street, Leicester,

)00X LIFE POLICY FOR SALE. Dated 1891 £5OO. _Lt, Bonus ED to 1895 (£55 more estimated 3)st December 1902). Premium £ll 4s half-yearly due 12th February, end 12th Auvust Surrender Value £l9B 7s 6d. Male Age ad- mitted 39. Endowment payable at age 60 or death. Offer wanted.—M. PADFIELD. 30, Percy-street, Liverpool.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one since I bought of Crosby Lockwood and Son, 7. Stationers' Hall Court, London, 8.C., a copy of ' EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER,' by A BARRISTER. price 6s. Bd, poet free, which has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers' fees. New and revised Edition (1902) just published.

ROSY COMPLEXIOg.—For imparting a soft and natura red. use J. B.'s/Rouge Vegetale Liquid° ; guaranteed non injurious to the most delicate skin ; detection impos- sible ; bottles Is and is, post free; secure Iron observation. from the manufacturers. J. BUSCH & CO„ (Cosmetic Depart- ment) Wholesale Perini:sera, lienulugton Cross. Londou,Sß.

- - HAY AND GRAIN SHEDS, STEEL AND IRON SHED 62 by 24 feet. lift to Eaves, partly enclosed Price de- livered and erected £95 cash, or three yearly payments £35. Shed same size lighter make, £B5 cash, or three yearly pay- ments 231. These sheds are fire-proo,, storm-proof and practically indestructible. Save their cost in a few years. On the above deferred payments buyer will save greater part of cost of shed before making last payment and this is pro- bably one of the greatest boons ever offered to agricultu- rists. ISAAC DIXON AND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Hdge Hill, Liverpool.

'4lO PUBLICANS and others. Large full-sized Dart Boards _L and 3 darts, 45 61 eich ; worth treble.—DUTTON, Hotel Proprietor, Dunstable.

rlllll3 LINCOLN EPIORIIIIC. The North American .1 Herbal Remedy and Safe Cure, obtained at 10, ARBOBE. TUM-AVENUE, Monk's-road, Lincoln,

P ITMAN'S SUORTIIAND —LearnA easily at home; age or distance no object ; 5s quarter.—Termit's Shorthand Correspondence Classes. 13, Sedan street, Ipswich. HUPTURE. Gentleman, cured himself, will send free particulars of inexpensive self-curative treatment. Stamped address. —Box 7Z, 3 Earle-street, Carlisle. HANDBILLS. 6s ; 10,000, 105; 1,000 address 5.0...11,11J cards, Invoices, memos., toc., fcs ; bOO, 3s 6d ; tags, 45 I,olo:—HAmesancE, 65, North-street, Leeds.

(1011CNATION DEOOIIATIONS.—Grand Ilre-size busts of V the King in plaster Paris, 34 inches high,3os each, excel- enG likenes c—Write SYDNEY,3O,ArgyIe-street, London,W.C. ORIP POTATO and Cook Shop RITTINiig, every variety Champion Rangers. Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 10C page List free--31ABBIT'S, Poland-street, Manchester,

pICTURE POSTCARDS, highly artistic, packet free upon receipt of stamp for postage, supply :limited. early appll3stlon neceesary.—A. 8., Velox Tyre Co., Parkside. Coventry.

TrOIN OUR PROGRESSIVE HBALTH OLUB.—Perfect Cy Health and strength guaranteed ; ending all expenses of Sickness. Particulars free.—S.T., 156, High-street, Her- lesden, London, S.W.

MARBLE TOP TABLES, Ice Cream Freezers, from 6s 6d. AU requisites for Confectioners, Grocers, Ac; Cata- logues free.—MsuND. LTD., Shop Fitters, 336, Old-street, Shoreditch. London.

NBTS, NRTS.—Square or diamond mesh garden netting. Rabbit. stack, pheasant, cricket, lawn tennis and other nets to order. Prices ffic., on application.-7 NESS & Co., i 2, Sandside, Scarborough

LAMES suffering from anemia, ahortoess of breath, palpitation. indigestim,irreqMarity or weakness should take Dr Gardner's Golden Pills 2i 6d per box, 3 boxes 75,..•-• KaannaY, The Pharmacy, Southport.

3 PAIRS of CORSHCS, most fashionable style ,000 from Is in to one guinea. Picture oda logu, Bent free.—Write to the JIM CORSET CO., East Temple Chambers, Whitefriars-street, London, 8.0.

NFLU EN Z A CURE.—lnfluenzl, Asthma, Colds; the 1. specific Remedy, Webber's specially prepared Eucalyptus' Oil ; unfailing in its results, la and le 6d.—WEBBER, SO, Colston-street, Bristol. Energ,tic agents wanted.

STERILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- meat. An Illustrated Edition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; pcst free 3s. 8d,— London : SHELLEY & CO., LTD, 38, Graceehurch-street.

C MAM —Box 50 well-seasoned and good quality, full size cigars. Finest value ever off red. Post paid for 7s 6d to any address.—LEVEY & Co., 176, Cspworth-street Layton, Cheques and P 0. payable Union Bank of London.

AUNIQUE OFFER.— We will send a Set of 12 Rea 't Photos (very amusing) free to all sending 3 stamps for Postage and packing of our lists of other novelties.—S. T. CORSON & CO Photo Publishers, West Norwood, London,S E.

DHOTI)GRAPHIO BEILARGISMRSTS, copied from any photo, latadsomely mounted and finished by hand, Size 18 xl4 in2s 9d. Special ter ms to Agents. Mention this paper.—PAOTo Woaxs,Belgrav e-road,Walthamstow,London.

9/9 —M&RVIILLOUS VALUH.---Solid silver watches. . lady's or gent's, aclurate timekeepers, warranted 5 years. Se 9d past free. Money returned if not satisfied.— A.NoLO-Swles WATCH CO., 70, et. Jena ee-road, Loudon, 9.14

(fICARS.—La Imperial boxes, 25; each cigar wrapped 1,..) separately. In order to get this brand widely known I am offering during the month of June, at 48 9d per box. post paid. Do not miss this offer.—A. J. SoLoaforr. 12 Niniasproad, Cardiff. 30,000 B;ianEdra,Poeeto p 1 el si.it;t 113) hx foodr dt sstirreseie irraens et ,ioireesdt e rby; most successful Eye Specialist in England. Has cured after hospitals, doctors and oculists have failed . Bo,* free on mentioning paper.

CIIURCH ORGAN two manuals, prepared for three, can be finished to purchasers opeolftcation. Alio two one- =lame! Organs, suit small Church or Mission—C. VIzBR, Organ Builder, 14b. Belcington Gardens, Monson-road, New Cross-road, London, S.B.

rllO JEWBLLERS, Ir3nnsongers, Joiners and otherß. L. can have a grindstone turned true, beet grit, 4 x 2ln 18 id, 5 221 n le 21, 6 x 2in 1.3 d, 121 21n 2s 6d, 12 x 3in 2s 8, 18 x 3in 3s 91, send stamp,for list.—Comazse', Contractors. Dept. 6. Central Drive. Blackpool

• PHIS WILL SAVE YOU BOON DS.—lnfallible preps _L tion for preserving Boots. Waterproofs them, pre- serves elasticity. increases durability immensely. Treated thus will outlast threa ordi nary pairs. Recipe for Is id.— FREDERICK Heaalson,4 Duk e Street,Obaring Orose,Londou HOW to make MONEY. Every Investor should write for above pamphlet, chewing how large profits may be Made without hazardous risk or speculation and how, by sueoessful investment, £lO can return £2 101 weekly profit. Larger or smaller amounts in proportion.—Riceann BARKER 11, Queen Victoria-street, 8.0

rpd COI LICB Hata BALIdT. Quids to family med. 1. eine an 4 complete family doctor • unique value, sixth edition Si post free.—CEIEETH iublisher. 4, Oak-road, Crumps all. ManclaPster. Beautifully Illustrated Shakes- parian Almanac and separate treatise on Foreign and Native Herbal Remedies free for two stamps.

COHONATiON AND PEACH DECORATIONS.—Send at once, a postcard will do, for illustrated particulars, post free. !hewing how you can decorate and illuminate your house or shop at a cost of from bs upwards. 011, candle, gas and electric devices fairy lamps, flags, bunting ,°4O . Cheapest and beat —A. E• RALPH & Co., Alchmond-street , Old-street. 8.0.

CHB% FRES, PRHE.—Two splendid winners free. Hog- land's opinion crintalne a certainty for the Ascot Stakes on Tuesday. This oqnnot be beaten. Also sure winner of the Royal Hunt Con on Wednesday, one of the beet things ever known, will win easily, in fact these are two real good winners and I will send them free for stamped address.-.- STEPHEN BS/GLAND. 61, Great Tower-street, London, II C.

T" • Coronation' Pearl NRCKLRT ,as now worn, made of beautiful French Pearls with electric Diamond Clasp, Poet free 18 stamps from MANUFACTURER, 75 Isledon Road, Finsbury Park, London. CORONATION CHAIRS made of beautiful Beads collected from all parts of the Empire. 66 inches long. Post free 15 stamps from MANUFACTURER, 75 Isledou Road, Finsbury Park, London. -pi EARL ROPES PEARL ROPES PEARL ROPES ! Rope of beautiful French Pearls measuring 60 inclar.s, highly finished with patent Gilt Bolt Ring ; post free.— Address as above.

IYCLIST3.—Don't buy new tyres. Try our re-rubbered k_./ on, fully equal in wear and appearance to new, from 68 6d. Your own re-rubbered from 43 6d Send inquiries, however small, Homvenz TYRE AND CYCLE CO, 431 A flornsey :mad, London.

CYCLISTS WAN CDT 3 mouths riding with once mu-at- log. punctures stopped, porosity cured, tyres kept in splendid preservation 14 months try" Noticompara," Is. 23. int. bottle, 5,00 J tree to Agents. Particulars enclose stamp. —MESSRS BOOBYEB, Lincoln, Agents wanted.

PAY CASH and get /.0 guinea Cycle for £6 108.—Speelfica7 Hone, highest grade frame and bearings, matchless hollow rims, plated. Clipper tyres, ball-b-arine ratchet tree - wheel. Alfred Appleby's Ho 1 pitch roller chain, Bowden and front rim brakes, celluloid mudguards. beautifully plated and enamelled four coats, plated lamp, and all accessories no rubbish used, guaranteed two years.—Address ROYAL SeEED CYCLE Co., Wheatley. Oxford. .11. offer, }ULF PRIOR. CYCLES, bankrupt stock. Special offer, Lady's or Gents, free wheel, plated rims, front rim brake, detachable pneumatic tyres, mudguards, iin. pirch roller chain, latest improvements price £5 Sc, honestly worth £lO. (Jr wa will send complete outfit consisting of lamp, bell, spanner and tyre lever, oilcan, pump, all nickel plated and tool bag 7s. 6d. post paid. worth 15s. Cheques and P.O. Crossed London and South Western Baux. BEADING AND Mustrow, 201, Walworth-road, ondon,

CYCLE INFIRMARY, IS THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS, NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT. ANY MAKE OF CYCLE REPAIRED IN A FEW H OURS FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. ALL WORK GUARANTEED. TYRES RE-RUBBERED AND RE-LINED, EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS, C YCLES BUILT TO ORDER, From B.S.A . Esches, PerrT's and °hater Lea Fittings. Agent for Palmer Tyres, Bowden Brakes, and Hyde's Ratchet Free Wheel. ENAMELLING AND PLATING- A SPECIALITY. ALL ACCESSORIES KEPT IN STOCK. NOTE THE ADDRESS Fl. GUEST, MANUFACTURER OF THE " GUESTO CYCLES, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

SLADE & CO'S. CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING WORLD-RENOWNED MAKES : PREMIER. GLORIA, MOHAWK, JAMES GLOBE, BAYLISS, THOMAS A Co's. EXCELSIOR CYCLES. REPAIRS AND SUNDRIES. FREE WHEELS FITTED. CYCLES ON HIRE. TELEPHONE 7094. SPECIAL TERMS TO CLUB MEMBERS.

TYRES! YRES ! ! TYRES! ! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade ;lie 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 76 each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & Co.,LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

LEA-FRANCIS, ROYAL ENFIELD, , r RIUMPET, SUNBEAM. 1902 Patterns Now on View. Spring frames,Oross frames. and Featherweight Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guinea Machines (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free Cast( or easy payments. Second- hand machines from £2 IN. HITCHINGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD ST, & 165, DUKS Sr. LIVERPOOL.

EJBBB—CYCLESI CYCLES I Marvellous Bargain.! J 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Accessories. Bargains in Badie's and B.S.A. Machines. FREE to any address, the most interesting 50 page Catalogue in the trade. Second hand Cycles from 30s. 2,000 New Machines from £2 17s 64. Plated Wins, Rim Brake, Free-wheel Machines from £4 lOs each. Every class of Machines an stock. Accessories Ball: price -60 per cent, cheaper than others. Marvellous Bargains; Agen, s wante4 ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 60 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye—opener and money—maker to ell Interested In the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FREE to aII.—WARRILOW, a CO., Weston-super Mare.

THE FIRST AND FOREMOST FURNISHERS. PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). ALSCO AT 1-3 ITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, Ac. rills TRUE, 'TIS PITY, AND PITY 'TIS 1 TRUE, that frugaLhard-working people come to Man- chester bent on laying out their previous savings on furnish- ing a home, but, like sheep to the shearers, they fall into the repacious clutches of expensive eft, shopkeepers. whose sole desire is to ottain their " wool" and glve as little in return as possible. Especially is this to be deplored con- sidering that there is an old-established firm of over half a century's reputation for honest straightforward dealing, who are anxious te serve customers truly and well. Modesty prompts us to withhold the style and title of this estimable house, lent our duty to the public compels us to give it a local habitation and aflame. What? That is unnecessary you say ? Certainly. Most wideawake people know it, and have availed themselves of the great advantages offered there many a time. Why, it's PITTS'S of LONDON-ROAD and GAYTHORN. PITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 221, 281-, 38i, 50, 75, 100, 200. up to 1,000 guineas specially augmented in quantity and quality of articlessepre- sent the highest standard of excellence procurable. They have obtained the universal approval of critical connoisseurs. They easily excel others. Full particulars and ILLUSTRAT- ED FURNISHING GUIDE containing 700 designs, priced atiABOUT HALF expensive city priced post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 persent extra. PITTS'S FIFTEEN AND A HALF-GUINEA BARGAIN LIVING-ROOM has strong Sofa or Couch .in American Leather, Set of nice Chairs, Pair of Rocking and "Arm Chairs. substantial Square or Fall Leaf Table, Fender. Flreirons. Floorcloth and Rug, Wringing Machine, Dolly and Tub, three Pans and Kettle. BEDROOM includes Pair of nicely polished or enamelled Toilets, with drawers, large Swing Glass, tile back, An, two Cane-seated Chairs, Towel Rail. Toilet Set, f ull•sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster and Two Pillows,Carpet or Flooreloth. STAIRS AND LANDING fitted with Carpet, Flooreloth, Stair Hooks and Byes, Cocoa and Door Mats. Compare this with what expensive City firms charge £35 for. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE for One Hundred Guineas, equal to what expensive city firms charge £250 for. Eight rooms, each containing re- quisite number of tasteful, durable articles. Space forbids details, but the Drawing-room is in Rich Tapestry. Dining. room Leather, Sitting-room Saddlebags, First Bedroom, American Walnut; second. Mahogany ; third, satin Walnut; fourth, Decorated; Kitchen, Scullery, Hall, Stairs, Land- ings, Carpets, Rugs, Floorcloths, unquestionably a Mar- vellous bargain, DITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giv- ing away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. PITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. Grand Display. All British makes. Choicest designs: many of which exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings, Laid and fitted free of charge. PITTS'S RELIABLE CYCLES.—Splendid Selec- tion of over a Dozen Different High Grade makes, all fully guarantee 4. Any tyre fitted. TTS'S TRUNKS, TRAVELLING BAGS, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps, China Glass, Earthenware, Table Billiards, Bagatelle. , SAMUEL MANCHESTER. LOND3N-ROAD (Ardwick and Longsight Care). GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845, National Telephone. 1,124. OCHE HERBAL EMBROCATION. R

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal 1-100 PING COUGH medicine, HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s: per bottle. Sold Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents: W. EDWARDS & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London.

jitlatimerg, err. HIGH-CLASS GAS ENGINES ; new design ; latest im- provements. Sizes in stock, one to twenty-four brake horse power.—ELIJAR ASHWORTH, 001171311[St, Manchester. FOA SALE, NEW OIL CAKE ,BIIEAKING MILL, Two Pairs ot Rollers, for Hand or Power Driving, Cost £9 90. Price Es,—J. L/GHT. Wolverhampton.

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHIL TO BUY yowl 1 LUBRICANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-miss Nor(- CORROSIVE. largest sale in the world. Brtgina Oil, 110.; Cylinder Oil, 11/d, ; Machinery Oil, 11 id. ' • Spindle Oil, 9fl. ; Gas Engine Oil, Is 61.; Dynamo Oil, 1,461 per gallon; in barrels, free and carriage paid.—RaLtamc E LUBRICATING OIL Comwor, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London, 8.0. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow; Sandhill, Quayside. Newcastle-on-Tyne. pATENT OPP ICI D. ANCHESTER. RaTABLISTZED IN 105. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES EG SON have ha,4 more than 40 years' personal experienoein connectioa with this Establish- ment and possess practical knowledge of the aotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Sell-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, " Colonial and !Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, E.E•, ,t SON, M.S.A 4, GT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

3110r5t5t garrtagefs, Lthr,*torft, I_IOItSEOLOTHEN G. BEAUMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED, 26, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Iforseclothing, Knee Rugs. Driving Aprons. Tras ening Rugs, etc. Home and export. Established lel2,

Q Good LURRIRS, 5 CART 3. good conditions; fit for V contractors or farmere.—W NORRIS, Farnworth, Widnes. -DLACK TOY POMItRANIAN PUPS.—Bacellent pedigree, .1) Nine weeks, 1 to I'b. ; oneap.-13oLnwicx, 66 Cedar- street, Southport.

MA IdLoCu Ab T .o—r reclining Cane. reversible CA R choonovde r tai nb ftoilndfni eg, shafts ; condition, new; 455., approval —34, EDITH-ROAD. Seacombe. ANDAUS LIGHT, Circular Brougham Hansoms. India 14 Rubber Tyres, Dragonettes, Charabanes, Brakes. Waggonettes with moveable heads; also Cab Proprietors and Funeral Stook. 50, some equal new ; great bargains, easy terms, visit, Catalogue free.—MAIRSTOI,IB, 24,Bradford- street, Birmingham.

- £150,000 AT from 3i pet cent to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit torrowers, in any part of the country.—J W READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182

MONEY.—£10 TO R500.-31oney.--Cash advanced to all respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen, Shop— keepers, and to all classes worthy of credit, in sums varying from £lO, £l5, £2O, £3O, £4O, £5O, and upwards on written promise to repay, velth or without. sureties. To be repaid by Weekly, Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments, Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the CROWN ADVANCE CO., 6, Brown-street, Market-street Manchester.

E9TABLIBEED 1875. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. no PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lishedffs proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS, 2, lIING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STREET, CHESTER.

_ £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. itIDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- i. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, me your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRRELY GIVEN, M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this ddress Twenty Years.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, MELTED, 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES, EsTenusgEn 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COM- PANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZ HD CAPITAL £25,000. LOANS OF £5 TO £5lO are made from periods of one month to three years, upoil personal security with one or more guarantors according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant- Also upon Deeds of Property, Building Society' scrip,. Policies of Assurance, Sze. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE MANAciER.

BY SPECIAL ACT OF PARLIAMENT. MR. WOOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Advance Cash in Sums from -oes TO ctsoo To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers, and all others ; any distance ; to be repaid by easy payments to suit borrowers' convenience. Having done business in this district for 10 yens, which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conducted. Call or write for prospectos. which is given or sent gratis. Al! letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving the trouble of a journey. No bonds men or sureties are.required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments s may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN, PROMPT ATI'ENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and ha. always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN HABIL He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will ba•• supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHESrER

- , SOLID SILVER WATCH COMPETITION. GREAT OFFER BY A RESPONSIBLE FIRE. IT COSTS YOU NOTHING TO TRY. We Ore below some of the letters in the names of three well-kaown towns. To any person who care supply the letters we offer a SOLID SILVER GOVERNMENT WATCH- tally jewelled price 355, as a FREE GIFT, either LALIX'S OK 1.-11,1xNxifxSTxR. 2.—LxVzithoth 3.—Bxß3lxxollx.ll send your attempt on a sheet of paper, together with stamped addressed envelope for reply, to FELLOWS Sc CO, Albert-road, ston, Birmingham. The winner is required to purchase a chain from us to wear with the watch. The name of this paper must be mentioned. Prize-winner* names will be published where permission is gitren.

„. eIGARS.-SPECAL OFFER TO CONSUMERS ONLY, oP 4,000 BOXES CHOICE BRAZILIAN CIGARS Of very floe quality, either mild or full flavour, and la perfect condition. These are specially put up for us in bores containing 120 OISARS and in every box Is the Manufac— turer'sknarantee of genuineness. The Tobacco employed is grown in the beet districts of the Province of Bahia, our price is 21s per box of 12) Cigars, duty paid and post free to any part of the United Kingdom, on receipt of cheque, taulg draft or postal order, payable to TURNER BROTHERS, WHOLESALE MERCHANTS, DOCK STREET, NOLL. Sample packet of 10 Cigars post free 2s. 7d.

11.0 I Aral/ NI os: ELEGANT DESIGNS IN GOLD and GENI JEWELLHEY. WATCH.66IN(iULD AND :,ILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTMAATHY •GILVER LhVtl WATCHES, Specially String For Schoolboy& and Working :den, 82.65, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, Sr ANN'S ••••QUARE, ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CLINE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CUBE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLAIULBNCE AND HEARTBURN, CUltn ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIOLts.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER' STRIINGIJIEN THE WHOLB Z'SESTEM, INDUCII CHBERFULNIIss. INVALUABLII AS A FAXIILY MDCINIL DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPICIITE. CURB DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS. CURE ALL DISORD /IRS OF TUB B' 00D, CURB LASSITUDB AND NSILVOUSNE3S.

1) R. SCOTT'S PI LLS Are prep ,red only by W. LAMBERT, 173, sYOUtt PLACE, LONDON, W. Da not b perauaded by anyone to buy any other rdelicine 'instead. but insist upon haying the right thing, which ii wrapped in a square green package. Ey post for 13 or 33 stamps.

with reviving tha theories of their grandfathers! What kind of revival have we here ? Toe taunt is truly one that admits oi an easy Pt quovee. A new generation which has had no experience of living under Protection has arisen, and some of its mem- bers apparently have never read the history of the first ten years of Queers Victoria's reign. It is about time they did so, and that others should begin to read, mark, learn and inwardly make note of what- a powerful but:retrogressive Government are endea vouring to foist upon them

2/6 PER (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) QUART ) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, WINE MERCIIANT3; 20, RENSHAW STREE C, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) KEN RICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSLIAVV STREET, LIVERPOOL. STYLE, F I , AND 11 EASONABLE CHARGES.

LONDON AND NORTH- WESTERN RAILWAY GAItiTON DOCKS AND WIONES DOCK 'The LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY GIVE NOTICS that THURSDAY and FRIDAY. JUNIt 26th and 27th, having heal DEW-ARAD HOLIDAYS by Royal Proclamation, the days will be observed as holidays at GiutiTuN WOKS and WIDNES DOCK and quays and Estate FRED HARRISON, General Manager. Easton Station, London. June, 1902.

It 14 • - :: i We are Lemon experts—having personally visited the ' Messina Lemon Orchards to select the finest fruits for our celebrated Eiffel Tower Lemonade, We are now using our special knowledge to produce a most delicious Lemon Jelly. FREE SAMPLE, send to G. FOSTER CLARK & CO., Lemon Produce Importers, MAIDSTONE. 1 etswol . Aux

, \ I STILL AT THE FRONT \ \ WITH \ MOTOR CARS, i , CYCLES AND ntf. REPAIRS. . . ': , CALL AND SEE MY BARGAINS, BOTH 74 , . • , NEW AND SECOND-HAND. rl 4' 3 ,‘" I •) " B A, ' LLI A N , ....„ . .Hi I 115, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. VO. National Telephone, 367 Y.

CRICKET CLEO. G. BUSSEY & 00'S famed manufacturers IncoT:.; parable •• Demon Driver" Bats. Every requatte Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. Every requisite "i.r Lawn Tennis. nest Yaille Croquet. Modest or Superb. 111 g, Grade Golf Clubs. Every reqeisite for Golf. Ask loc°• Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not procurable apply to 36 8; 38, Queen Victoria-street. London, Factories.— Peckham London and Elmswell Suffolk. (4).

In order to honour the CORONATION England's premier Athletic and • CRICKET Outfitter will reduce the price of his world-renowned Boundarie BAT from 21/- to 12/6. This offer will hold good from the present time to the 30th day a June instant ! FOR this purpose each Bat will be stamped with a special Coronation Brand which will enable THE Cricketing public to keep the Eat (when it has done its work in rim making) as a memento of the accession of KING EDWARD VII. to the Throne. Remittance must accompany order, and each customer will receive 21/- Bat for 12/6 Post Free and fitted with a Rubber Handle.

IA:, • • . .4 . '

Address Lord Street, Liverpool.

' WARRINGTON WESLEYANS V PEN..tETH.—Played at Liver- ' pool.road, the Wesleyans winning four minutes off time. Score : WARRINGTON WESLP:VANS. PENKTZTEC. F Light b Shoobrisige .. 2) Warburton not 0ut.... ..... 16 C Doody b Hobson 7 Ray b Doady 1 H Brougla Is Hobson 5 Shoobridge b 8r0ugh...... 0 If Hewitt e Crookill Is B Singleton Is Doody 0 Singleton ... 4l Crosakill c Burton b F Taylor b Shoobridge P 0 Bailey b aingleter l9 fl Singleton c Doody b T Highloy lbw b Shoo. Brough bridge n Hobson a Highley b W Gorst not out 6 uoody A Burton Is Shsobridge 2 Dumbell b Doody 4 Ireland b Doody 9 Plum pton b Doody 1 Boardman b Hewitt Extras 4 Extras 9 Total (for 3 wkt5)......106 Total CLUBMOOR V CROSEIRLD'S —Played at Clubmoor on Satur- day. Seore : CLUBMOOR CROSFIELD'S. G Camidge b Dutton ll E Davies b 0 Hastings... 17 W Haywood c Harebell b T Bison c A Hastings Is Spensloy 3 Josephs .. ... . ... 4 A Hastings b Dutton 23 A Dutton lbw A Hastings 3 J Williamson b Dutton 2 J Dutton b A Hastings 2 J Brassey b Dutton 5 T Whitfield c Darby b F Josephs Is Dutton ...... D Hastings b Spensley F Canoidge a Podmore b GPo imore b Hastings... 0 Dutton 3 W Spenaley c F Camidge H Brennan b Dutton ll b Brennan s W Eisner run out 6 a Hall not out 1 J Darby nor out lO W Clegg a B Hastings b A Hastings Extras Total B5 - Total (for 8 wickets)... 51 STEETTON AND APPLETON V Sr PAUL'S (IST).—ThIs match was played on the ground of the former on Satnrday and resulted in an exalting victory for the home team by two runs. Scores : IsT P COL'S. STRETTON. S Mason b 0 Hallows... T Seed to 0 Hallows 2 J Neild Is Mason 5 It Lengshaw run out ...... .. 2 C Hallows b Mason 4 G Newburn Is J floorield 7 A Johnson run out 5 A Bossward b C Hallows .. 2 R Newell run out 5 J Parker b A Johnson S Bate b J Moorfieli 0 Owen b Masora 0 W Lawless run out 0 A Jones is Barker 3 Ward a Hallows b J Moor- J Davenport Is Barker field 2 M Bailey not out 0 A Goss not out W Pollard b 3 Moorlald Extras Total Sr PAUL'S 2ND V GOLSORNEC-STREET CHSPEL.—This match was played at Arplev on Saturday and resulted in a win for the horns team. A Trow batted well for the home team Woodhead bowled well for the visitors. Score : ',eV; ST PAUL'S 2ND. GOLBORNP-STREBT. G Dawson a Freeman Is G Rioters cs Wilkinson Is Woodfield 4 F Gardner W Tomkins b Woodhead 3 W Stevens b Tomkhas P Gardner b Woodhead ... 0 li Barnes at Dawson Is F F Gardner b Woodhead ... 0 Gardner G Wavwell b Woodhead ... 2 0 Woodhead cs P Gardner 3 Wilkinson b Barnes 7 Is F Gardner H Perdue b Woodhead 0 A Freeman b Tomkins ... 3 H Seed c Freeman b It Allen b F Gardner 1 ' Barnes 0 L Bllisen at Dawson b A Trow lbw Woodhead l6 Tomkins . 2 R Allen c Barnes Is H Mitchell c Wilkinson b Woodhead 0 Tomkins 2 H Boardman not out 1 A Mansell b Tomkins o J Knight not out 0 S Meyer b F Gardner 1 Extras o Extras 1 Total 33 Total Arple2y7 IiZIONDIOND'S (WARRINGTON) V IST V.B S.l. on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team. Keens took six wickets far three runs. Score : RlellefOnD'S. let v.n.e,L n. N Fie cling b Ingram... 1 Sergeant_lnstr. Ingram b J Alien run out 2 Brawn 0 G Heath b Knight ...... ...... 0 Sergt J Plinaton b Brown 3 R Mope c Knight b Ingram 5 Sergt Woods Is Brown o S Brown b Ingram 5 Col-Sergeant Spencer a 3 Finnigan run out W Itigby b Knight II Taylor run out CI T COS not out 6 Sergeant Richardson b P Hankinsson c and b Keene Knight ....... ................ 0 Sergeant Connor c Field- J Keene run out 5 ing b Keene Private W Spencer a Fielding b Keene ..... Pte G Knight not out 0 Sergeant T Higgins Is Brown 0 Extras 9 Bxtras 0 _ Total 49 Total RICHMOND'S V. Sr. CYPRUS'S. (Llvnesnooe). —kt Waver. tree Park. oat Saturday. Foy Richmond's Fleetwood took six wickets for eight runs (four in successive tells) and Bradley four wickets for five. Score : ST. C'TPRIAN'S. RICHMOND'S, W Burstow a Pemberton b F V Foster b Hawley 0 Fleetwood 1 W Fleetwood c Kewney Is H Kewoay b Fleet wo al IS Forrester b Bradley Hawley b Bradley ftrillingford a Fleetwood b Is Hawley Bradley It I+7 Freeman c Rudd Is ler 7 Fleet woerl 0 F Willoughby b Athos- S Cook c Gallop b Fleet- worth wood WiJ Leslie a Barry b Fleet- A Bradley run out wood 0 A Lees c Preornan b A Beckett b Fleetwood 0 Hawley .. ... .... .. 0 W Forrester not out . 0 A Flu il b Hawley H Ainsworth b Fleetwood 0 W Pemberton not out Extras 4 Extras . Total l7 Total .. 31 MOOll2 AND DAIRRIBURY V. WKAVERTUM.—PIayed at Weaverbace on. Saturday.and won by 22 runs. Scores : WRAVEREAM. ALOORie AND DARLSBURY. A. Cattle', b H Taylor 0 G II Woods b Cattley 9 Tle Smith run out I T Forster lbw b Cattley 3 W Johnson run out 0 H Taylor run out W Bogota a le Taylor b T S Taylor b Johnson Forster J Moreton Is T Forster G Alexander a S Taylor b T G Knight b Cattley ...., 0 ' Forster A Davies Is T Forster .. si b Smith It Sexton b 9 Taylor ......... 2 GF Wright c Woodward b 3 T Gerrard Is T Forster ...... 4 Johnson W Johnson not out 1 G Edwards o W Johnson 3 S Woodward b S Taylor 0 J Smith Is Smith 3 C Ryder not out Extras 2 Extras 8 - Total 35 Total ST. ANN? T. LATCF/FORD BAPTISTS 2ND.—This Mates was played on the ground of the latter and ended in an easy win for the visitors. Dutton and Armitage played well for the winners, Score :- 51 ANN'S. LATL'EFORD B. 2ND. Hall b Jones 9 Jones Is DuttOn .. 4 Siddall b Stowell 1 Newell a Wood b Dutton 2 Armitage b Jones Dutton b Jones Dickenson c Newell b age Sherratt Houghton b Jones Tanner b Jones . 9 Unsworth Is Armitage... 4 Hewitt c Ford b Jones Bennett Is Sewall 0 Foulirt b Armitage 4 meechin c Sherratt Is Jones 2 Sberratt Is Armitage 2 Woods not out 0 Unswortla not out 1 . Extras 3 Extres _ Total

1 I 1 "1,1• ' ' ‘l7-7••• 1' 1 fli':I1 I. 1 I 1 rilliMin r : =01" I I ~,.' 1111114 ' 1 ;i'l '' r ,i 1- 11 ,1 111111 .1. ,' 1 ~...__ i ',:. 9 1 ' 'll , 11 11 1'1,1;illil...1-: fr; 11T li ----1 k 1 I I 11 , ; ,; ,1 I ;i ,Itll'l t'o I 1; FM;t111 I'l' ill I '4ll li'l i3l,li"thil.-7.1111111 .-- 1 1 !I 1/ 'HI' 11l 'i : ; 1,1 ;', ; 1 1; 1 ,11 ,I I I . 1 111'111;1J, , a-‘ril ~' z A 1:.• 1 , ;111 iI i' 1,, , 4, 4 .A• 2 . - •-11 1 1 k..-tYrit • -1 ' 1 - 1/4\ - (.1. .1+ 'it 1 . :A., • , ..,.. . . 4tri 5' vrr4l .11, „„..t.,.. :.- ,7' .14 #7 . ~...;,.: i 1i • ,L; ,;.: ,1'i4;.).7 'I/ Oti ./'.— ,fi.:•i-3,',A,,ige,.v,: Y..;-, 4.,c'' 477 1p „ A -7: :7,7'",1‹."•• '‘ - 1 - ' fr-, - grvili,'' I .-kw:‘,, lit / tl, Imini..ap. 5.,),,,, , . ,---.7.> 4,,, ///,'; 7' 1: ' ' • 4';‘-'/' C • -.11- -, / 'w , •4":;'' '-' ' __,,,,,.min , p ... ...-.r.:: ' --:2,....-.., ' /t ' ~,„" ''' •-. Jo 41.,,-,t.0... Ako;.:---:r, : 'r ------- i-tal ;lb k ,-.-- --- • -,__ - r--=----:'I i 4 ~,.',',',, I' w 'i ;%•,,,,,,„ MS.f43l,_ —:---- ~•!rii---------.411471r; .--.----- 7'l' ' 0' ''''• f13;ctfi;,,17,./ -`—,,7174,.i.. : / -- 1 1 .4, / 1., II . • 1,,A#7, , / .4:•,, 1 11 • -________ 1,:',, , ~ , I, I •fit->•,-_-_%-/ I - -• ,94.‘ .....,-...- •,, • _.- - ---- i , 1, ---.41.-) ------ ,' ---• ‘--- .4,i ,„@.f.,-. , ,--- ; t • „

W"St Protects from RIGIII Infectious Diseases. COAL TAR. SOAP IS THE ORIGINAL 0 ONLY GENUINE, & Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. RI ME IFTUASTEI ()ANT_ t.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildieg a Speciality. Largest Stools of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BLOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarges to 160 psges, JUST PUBLISHB.O. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. .1 In porter cf Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application M 0 ELL, 17 arid 18 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY LONDON W.G. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : —'• Jaabbitry, London.'"

INSTANT RELIEF, " INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ONE BOITLF CURED ! ! IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE, 58, Northumberland-street, Korth-street, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901. Sir,—l have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Slr,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed, cured me. I have not taken any for twc years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when I was taken with it again in the arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely. , two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to M. KELLY. i many of my friends.—Yours truly ROBERT A. HARDIE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is lid. and 23 9d.. or sent Soldieverywhere in Bottles. Is lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent post tree for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P. 0. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell-road,,London. GEORGE,EADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. BADE' S7GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILL S

~ MERRYWEATHERS --.-------,..„- ‘-'-''',o-----,,,,(-,t v.,,.;G:.&:‘,../ "" - --'-'-'" HIG '1"-'-'-'-',-.L...•.--, , . CLASS CARDEN HOSE 63 LONG ACRE.,I4,ONooN. LARGEST MAX ERS Or,HIGH , CLASS HOSE IN ,TF-.1,y,0R LID,

HAVE you A BAD LEG ; L With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Periaatis surrounded with inflammation and swollen;that when you press your linger on tie inflamed {,art it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies an the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on sufiennir till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints beingurcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, er thorn may be wounds; the disease, it alloweilto continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended rations hospitals and hadsmodical advice and: b een told your cafe la holteless. or advised to .submit to amputation; but do not. for I. ran cure post. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others' have failed, it is no neasen I should. Semi an once a Postal Order' for 2s: 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 7E: Parringdon-strdot. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pins, which is a certaill remedylor the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee.; Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles Poisoned Banda. an Bunions. IRegisteredOopyraht:. /36.917tE 70\ TO THE . P ' ill Fl ED . . .. .. .. . _.,.., . .„ . , • ~,-.:5.., • - -- . - .. : .. . _ •47,741. - • , ,71/.. - i1k,,,-;.-,-.7-,,,;,, ..__A. -- ~. eps -..,. , - ,-,„:5.p... • J.-,.. - , ..4444..........4 WM. KIDD (frent a Photo) (11.ENFONDIXIS, IIUNTLY, RBERDEPISHIRE. Mr. KIDD having cured himself of Rupture by Dr. Rice's method, desires others to know of this new cure. Aires sample and books will be sent to any afflicted person that wrltesto Dr. W. S. RICE, \(Ba,) 9, Stonecutter St., \......„._ London, E.O. A CELEBRATED NELSON WATCH & CHAIN a FOR ONE DAY'S WORK— 4.4 FaValporkr We send this Genuine 30-Hour Nickel-Plated WATCH, Warranted an ACCURNIE TIME- •,,,....,, „- KEEPER, with Chain and Pendant to Boys 1' 7-Zatly::., and Girls for Selliug Seven Beautiful Pieces of ---- met Jewellery at is. each. Sterling Value. Send oN. your thll Name and Address (Post-card will do) '% •f, , ...*,,.. by Return of Post, and we will at once forward t... -li . k the Box of Handsome Jewellery, Post Paid and (o*"\ 001 a luge Premium List. No Money Required,• Wit TRUST YOU. We send the Goods at '‘2iii ear own risk. Send us the money that you get Z.. ,: `-' ,I' for them, and we send you the Watch, Chain, .,:e.,,ji' and Pendant by Registered Post. ABSOLUTELY IRE E ZIE NELSON MANUFACTURING CO., . ... AO- MULiGATE STRISHT. LONDON. .C...

a SUIT', for 5/- down,r .0- aullr t 0 and 7 month- ,• - 1 44, illy payments ( .....‘, . of f .15h—I—eterhor layssitiaikt making ar oetotalal arge you 643/- for. You can have our well- ftknown. . ili CORONATION SERGE In Patternslllerll Send Hies,a DarkaPno: . tG,l;irrfl' Mid Grey, de-AGdsrtealyieefoinoDuck forms to Merchant Tailors 4. Clatiinrs, 649 L BSI Attercliffa r.oad, and 42 Atterclifie Common, SHEFFIELD. . A Carriage paid on all orders. We mud money back in full if not

is wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HARNESS. dot- Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow Wish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. Tins 2d.. ad., zl 6.216 of Boot Makers, Saddiers, Ironmoneers Dubbiri &c. Manufactory East Dui-such, London. PIOLa STEEL •vi iv Ladies. PILLS A FRENCH REMEDY. SUPERSEDING BITTER APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PRNNYROYAL, AC. Pries 48. 6d. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

FREE. G _ENUINEFREEOIFER WATCHES, PHONOGRAPHS,-. TO- GI.D RINGS,OPEKA GI. ES & OTHER VALUABLEPReSE4f DAY i FOR SLIGHT SERVICE , To t SEND • NAME TO • THE . i DIRECT TRADING C? DEPT ,REE. Z2.CLERKENWELL ROAD I LONDON . 4104 D.

I , • '' . . -%. .= e• 4, , - • = „kil t', 61 ' 4 • • . - 4s; #-* ''' •lONEW'I 4 PILLs 0 CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Maaufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

Chair Bedstead. A comfort to every home. lit dr., Can be used se CRAM, COtiCR, OR BiDATRAD. 18/6 at Works. , Iron Chair Mt. by 2 ft., with Massive Braze Tron't Lege, and Three Cretonne Lit Cushions, with Two Arm Pule. -• 0. H. FOWLES & Co., 89, Dortniar ROAD, BIRDINGRAN.

rittals-61; -THE'FAINITERS =won FRIEND. pERFEcTioN_ OLDERERS EXPRESS BURNINGOFFTORCH, TOOL. WOWING SIMPLEX' SOLDERING* TOWATTACHEII ERRi C oXpATENTEtS AND u,EACkT RERS.24O MOSELEY BMW& BLOW LAMPS REPAIRED. M Btlj _ ci"-r "IN ALL THE WORLD UNEQUALLED."

The finest machines possible to Obtain. PRICES :—£lo 10s. to £25. CASH, OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS.

Catalogue also Booklet Free from Agents, as undePr. T. WUNTITH, Bridge Street, WARRINGTOII. F. WOOLDRIDGE, [Ugh Street, CREWE. J. CRICE, Princes Street, KNUTSFORD. STUBBS & ROCERSOp Nigh St., WINSFORD. J. RICH/WSW Market St., ALTRIhICHAM. C. T. LYCETT, Market Square, SANDBACH.

A /IT 5s GOUT JED FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO. The exeruciatin Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Sale. effective. All Chemists and stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

6 ELECTRO PLATED kw/ ' TEA-SPOONS AND 1 SUGAR TONG, 4/- Post Free. Send P.O. for I /- and above will be sent on Approval Post Free, and remit balance upon receipt of goods. If not entirely satisfied, return goods and deposit will be returned in full. PRICE LIST POST FREE. 1111 ENRY WI:FILTERS. Spool it Fork Maosfselorm tardy Works, Wooster Stmt. Skl E I E

_ - THIBINANT OF THB DAl' MAKES TARC BED InIBB LIKE:NEW- . Iv ev • THE GREAT.OS, Cli I I Lli EY.,.."-;•1 fered leg L:ovnerdtees H I. ' ...VA, for imparting an Ivory s., . 0..„:.•,;,..':‘;',...f.,„,, finish to Starched •,,t , ~...44 . :••o Linen. Laces, etc. it S . 6 . ,' • '.* ;- 4 does not stick to spider- - : '.. • - '47-c'T'tt.:ll we - like materials. tried ailnwatsLE Laundries. 11 I A': R. ', '... '' :' jj.-It.' : ''''-i's,Orianonceyte,d.l Should be used iu house. Sold nv most by Starch Sellers in Packels, at and .6d. Prepared only 'T. CannwmtY, Blackburn.

EATING'S :~ , POWDER KILLS -194 i4g*H- FLEAS.BUGS MOTHS BEETLES

TI NS-3 d. 6 d BELLOWS 941

.110 Rpgs " 21N-44: RD POWDER. BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for I nvalids_being light, app etising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dish es and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK: NO TROUBLE!

F OR FIRST-CLASS P.IIVAT DENTISTRY. TEETH. Anoointments nnnecessary,:bat may be arranged. rrEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Eacib patient infworomar required,betrland the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D.. alio Lady Attendance, TEETH. P•gtiless Extraction cc hitherto by the all TEETH. Maker to Dentist. of I::,ooofinllnris weekly. Baors. of the lite J. H• PARKINSON (DENTIFr BY EXAM MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... .GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m, WARRINGTON -- _...3A, SANKEY-STRE I WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. itimmoßN, 31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH--.18, AMEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

DEATHS. TAYLOR—On June Bth, at his residence, 23. Allen-street Warrington, Jonathan Taylor, aged sixty-tye years. FRIARS GREEN, Warrington OpLlslte Arpley Station. Also at MANOMETER-ROAD, (late Rssenhiglfs.) S• • WRD A AND GI, T• • MONCUESTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C„ Makers of all kinds Of Chimney Pieces, Monument% Taints Tablets, Pulpits' Ponta, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MOBUMENTS A SPECIALITY,
