===== 0002601_19020523_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Leadenb&ll

===== 0002601_19020523_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
JLDEN SOVEREIGN FOR YOU. You la as good a chawe to win It as another. Send l". 0 ‘l• to J. FINCH. SILVISR LAKE COTTAGE. nArA.Ta. okehampton for :the most fascinating Ili,. 'be age, free per post in neat cardboard box with vt,l:letiOnS. This will entitle you to compete for above will be given to the one who succeeds in making 11,4401tikti' 11,1(1113er of words out of the letters in the word 114,111tipabtlif• In the event of more than one having the or of words the prize will be divided. Enclose 2d result. AU lists must reach above address by -.l' 1411 Y 314 t,

h:visTsetl

===== 0002601_19020523_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
‘IERGE JACKETS SERGE JACKETS ! - L.; Every workman should have on of HAGLUE'S cele- brated 4s. 84. derr Jackets, strong, warm, and eomfortable _ .

serge Jetw.,- BYIIOM-STRXFT.

J. TooLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MARURB BIASUFACTURBR. ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER :YARD. LONGFORD. TRLDGRADIN :—TOOLB. WARRINGTON. TaxzesorDc No. 222.

COUNTY PALATINE OF LANCASTER. NOTICE.

PROPOSED NEVi BYE-LAWS FOR THE GOOD RULE AND GOVERNMENT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE COUNTY. THE MUNICIPAL CORPORATION ACT, 1882, SEC. 23, AND THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT, 1888, SEC, 16. NTOTICE 18 HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT A MEET- ING of the COUN CY COUNCIL of the County Palatine of Lancaster, held in the County Hall, in Pres- ton, in the said County, on Thursday, the Ist day of May instant, the said County Council resolved that, upon the recommendation of the Standing Joint Com- mittee, the said County Council two-thirds of the whole number of the Council being present; doth here- by make the following Bye-Laws undor the provisions ' ot s-c. 16 of" The Local Government Act. 1883," and subject to the approval of the Secretary of State, Viz : INTERPRETATION OF TERMS. Throughout these Bye-Laws the following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereafter re- spectively assigned to them, unless such meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the context, or sub- ject matter in connection with which such words or expressions occur, namely :- 1. " Street" inclUdes any highway, public bridge, road, lane, foot-way, squhi%-, court, alley, or passage op en to the public,whether a thoroughfare or not. , , 2. "Public Dace" includes any common, public park or walks, pleastire or recreation ground, road- side waste, churchsard, chapel yard, cemetery, rail- way stat‘on, m•rket. whether established under Charter or otherwise , and any other place, ground or land to which the public have access for the time being. BETTING IN STREETS. .

I.—No yerson shall froquont or use any street or olter public place either on behalf of himself or of any other person ler the purpose of bookmaking or betting or wagering or agreeing to het or wagir with any person. SHOOTING GALLERIES, ROUNDABOUTS. &c. 2.—No person shall keep or manage or use or per- mit to be used a shooting gallery, roundabout, organ, or other like machine on land adjoining or near any street or public place, 60 as to be an annoyance or dis- turbance to any residents in the neighbourhood. Provided always that this Bye-Law shall not apply to any fair or feast lawfully held. STREET CRIES.

3.—No person elven, for the purpose of hawking, selling, or deAributing any article whatsoever, call or shout continuously in any street so as to cause annoy- ance to any residents., or to persons occupying shops, warehouses or offices in the neighbourhood. BEHAVIOUR IN STREETS AND PUBLIC PLACES. 4.—lf two or more persons assembled together wilfully obstruct the free rise of the street, or ailfullv jostle or annoy any foot-passenger, and continue such obstruction, jostling, or annoyance, each such person shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable, no conviction, to a penalty hereinafter provided. s.—No person shall wilfully or persistently loitedat or near the entrance of any church, chapel, or other place of public worship, during the time of Divine Ser- yice,or during the assembly thereat or departure there- from of the congregation( or in any churchyard or cemetery during the time of a burial service or cere- mony in such a manner 89 to obstruct or cause annoyance to any person or persons going to, attend- ing at, or returning from any such place of public worship, chureliyard,or ;cemetery. 6.—No person shall, to the annoyance or interrup- tion of any person passing along, residing, or being in any street or public place, make use of any violent abusive, profane, indecent, or obscene language, gesture, or conduct, or commit, solicit, incite, or pro- voke any person to commit any act of indecency, or sing, recite, or read aloud any profane or obscene song, or ballad, or book. 7.—No person shall wilfully deface or obliterate the name or any part of the name painted or placed for the information of the public of any street or public place, or wilfully damage any guide post, mile stone, or mile post, or other publio notice.or wilfully deface, or obliterate any word or figure painted, cut,or other- wise inecribed thereon. B.—Ni. person shall, on any public coach •T other public vehicle for the conveyance of passengers, or on any coach, brake, wagonette, car, or other vehicle hired or wed for the conveyance of passewoers, blow any born or use any other noisy instrument,or make or combine with any other person or persons to make any loud sineine or outcry while in or passing along any street or public place to the annoyance or inter- ruption of any of the residents, provided that nothing in this Byes Law shall prevent the use of a horn in a reasonable manner by one person on & coach or similar vehicle. 9,—No person shall in, upon, or to any building, public lavatory, drinking fountain, or pump, or any wall, fence, embankment, gate, door, pillar, tree, or post in or abutting on any street or public place, post, paste, or affix, or shell employ any person to poet, paste, or affix, or shall in any way causs to be posted, pasted, or affixed any indecent bill, notice, or placard, including any advertisement, relating to the treatment sf clisesse, or shall paint or draw any indecent plc. turn, figure, or sketch, or write any indecent language. 10.—Every person who shall offend against any of the foregoing Bye-Laws shall be liable for every such offence to a fine not exceeding Five Pounde. AND NOTICE lo ALSO HEREBY FURTHER GIVEN that a copy of such Bye-Laws, sealed with the Corpor- ate Seal of the said County Council, has been sent to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for allowance by him, at the expiration of 40 days from the date hereof,pursuant to the prreaisione of sec 23 of "The Moniclpal Corporations Act, 1882." ' Dated this 6th day of May, 1902. HARCOURT E. CLARE, C'erk of the County Council. NoricE Hereby giveu, that a General SESSION of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster will be holden at the County Sessions loose, Islington, In Liverpool, on TUES DAY the 3so day cf June next lat half-past tan o'clock in the forenoon precisely. I The SoliCitOra engaged in prosecutions at the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all instructions or indictments and depositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at least before the said Session. HARCOURT E. MARE, CLERK OF mil PKI,CIC. Clerk of the PeaCea Office, Preston, may 14th, 1902.

WEDDING RINGS.

GUINEA GOLD

WEDDING RINGS.

60T1 THOUSAND. THE PEOPLE'S GUIDE te the WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION ACT. with an Addendum on the Workmen's Compensation Act. 1901, By ft M atinton-1 Senhoutie and ft F Emery, LL. M., Barrietere-at-Law. PRICE ID, POST FREE 10. " The specialaivantage of ft is that it places within the reach of every workmen the means of making himself thoroughly acquainted with the Act and no workman ought to be ignorant of it."—" Beds, Times." London: BAMBOO E Boas, Ltd., 4, Snow Hill, and of all booksellers.

FOLLOW OTHERS' GOOD EXAMPLE AND FURNISH AT PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Jag past Station through Railway Arch). ALS* AT p ITTS'S PANTHEON, OAYTHORN (Jost past Mancheater Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, ao. 1

, 1141FN THE SPRING A YOUNG MAN'S FANCY LIGHTLY TURES TO THOUGHTS OF LOVE," and having fortunately obtained his fiancee's consent to marriage the important question, " Where shall we Furnish ? " presents itself. Both the yoking people have been very forcibly impressed by the magnificent display in PITTS'S Oollossal hhowrooms, together with the genuine ring in PITTo'S Advertisements, and the uniformly good reputation PITTS'o bear, but before definitely deciding they Very wisely refer the matter to eller parents' superior judgment and experience.

UPON BROACHING THE SUBJECr the unhesi- tating reply is "CERTAINLY FURNISH AT FIPTS'S, like we did nearly thirty years ago. You see the goods are little worse for wear after all these years PITTS'S occupy the uncommon position of having often furnished three consecutive generations—parents, children, and grand- children—and you cannot possibly do better than place the order with that old-established firm " Result : Another home made bright and comfortable at little cost by PITTS'S, to the great satisfaction of all concerned.

pITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 221, 281, 391, 50, 75, 100, 200, up Vi 1.000 guineas have been pronounced by pr.ctical people the PINNACLE of PERFECTION. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and value are apparent to casual inspection which closer examination and wear only confirm Full par- ticulars and ILLUSTRATHD FURNISHING GUIDR con- tainlne 700 designs, priced 50 per cent below elsewhere. post ree. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per ant extra.

PITTS'S THIRTY-EIGHT AND A HALF GUINEAS HOUSE OF FURNI ;URI; is a really splendid lot, thoroughly reliable and marvellous value. Compare it with any other elsewhere at RIO, and judge for yourselves Comprises Dining-Room, nice Suite in Leather or baddlebags. SI leboard, Dining Table, massive brass rail Fender and Brasses, Flooraloth or bordered Carpet, Hearth- rug, Cornice Pole, and Pair of LIMA Curtains. DIUWI34- ROOK : Capital Suite, in plain or figured velvet. Tapestry or Saddlebags, Centre Table, Artistie Cabinet, Overmantel, Carpet, Rug, Fender and Fire Brasses, Cornice Pole, and Pair of Lace Curtains. BEST BEDROOM : Handsome I Suite polished walnut, satin walnut, or mahogany, fitted with brass handles, substantial brass and enamelled Bed- stead, overlay Bolster and Two Pillows, liordered Carpet, Serviee, Cornice Pole, and Pair of Lace Curtains. SECOND BEDROOM ; Suite similar, Toilet Service, nice Brass land Enamelled Bedstead, Spring Mattress, Overlay Bolster. and Iwo Pillows,Carpet and Oilcloth. ICI I:CHEN : Set of Table Chairs, Armchairs, Table,Fender and. Firelrons. Flooroloth and Hearthrng. STAIRS and LANDIN : Fitted with Oilcloth, Carpet, Stair Rods and Eyes, Door Mats, and Brass Plate,

-PITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING.— Largest and best selection. being cleared outs at giv- ing away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines.

pITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. Grand Display. All British makes. Choicest designs, many of which exclusive exquisitely blended aolouriuge.Laid and fitted free of charge.

DITTS'S PIANOS, TRUNKS, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTE. Lamps, China. Glass, Earthenware, Travelling Bags, Billiard and Bagatelle Tables. Magnificent selection.

SAMITEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LOND )N-ROAD (Ardwiok and Longsight Cars). GAYTEIORN (all Clty-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone. 1,129.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, REWSBY-STRBRT, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually:attended to.

(Dr.irne? YBxsuo: MANCHESTBIL._...-46, MOSLEY-STR3Z (Telephone 1860).

MR. Lt/r ADDISON ATTENDS ST. TIELENg GEORGE-STREDT MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAN, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTHWICII__ 18, APPLRHA.RKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

litontp.

D BYRRSIONS, LIFE INCOMES, Annuities Person entitled to Cash or Property at the death of relatives, can borrow 5 per cent, or sell outright.—JUNia„s, Penton street, London, S.W.

£150,000 on fromortg3ate or Cent hoe! Ajeveadnec runs to suit torrowers. In any part of the country.—J W READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5 182

MONEY.-1O TO £500.-51oney.---Cash advanced to all respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen, Shop— keepers, and to all classes worthy of credit, in sums varying from

£10,.£15, .£20,.£30, £4O, £5O.

and upwards on written promise to repay, with or without sureties. To be repaid by Weekly, Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments. Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the CROWN ADVANOR CO., 6. Brown-street, Market-street, Manchester.

BSTABLISIIED 1875.

£lO to £1.003 IM-medrea;l37 advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREoT. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRETIHINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lishedds proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- eble manner in which I have always condwated my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2, RING-STRRRT, HANLEY •, OR 13. NEWGATE-STREE I, CHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
h.* them. HAY

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. .£3O. £5O, £lOO.

-- .A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN', and all Respect- atle Householders. on their own security, without delay, on jour simple written promise tu pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRHELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL EITA.TION. llctarraemn : JOHN E. 0001) WIN. N.B.—Established at this Addrees Twenty Years.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. ESTABLISHED 1E47 AND INCoRPOHLTED TINDER THE Oolf- PATSIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1896. AIITHORIZRD CAPITAL £25,030. LOANS OP £5 TO £5lO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Also upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Scrip, Policies of Assurance, &a. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE BIANAUHR.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 46a, MARKET STREET MANCHESTER. THE ABOVE COMPANY 1.8 PREPAI.ED To advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS.

BY SPECIAL ACT OF PARLIAMENT. MR. W OOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Licensed by tbe Board of Trade to Advance Cash in SUMS from

===== 0002601_19020523_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
£5 TO £5OO

- - - - - - To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers, and all others ; any distance; to be repaid by easy payments to snit borrowers' convenience. Having done business in this district for 10 years, which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conducted. Call or write for prospectus. which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanoed at the borrower's own residence, thus saving tne trnuble of a journey No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Flom £lO upwards—and payable by instalments s may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSOI3LNOTE ONLY,

And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The ondersigr3ed has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his busineet UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He bag consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MA.fir HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THA.NES from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, With ProgFectue terms for Advanced, Or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEURGE PAYNE,

ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD 07FLOE 2- :20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHEUERI

===== 0002601_19020523_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. CONCERT BILL AND PROGRAMMES. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES, ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIO N PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

JOHN WALKER & CO.

.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
2Ectlnoit IVicDOUb-A.1.1: PATENT ELF- k A ISM FIA)I' R THE EXAMINER PIM DA Y NI A Y 23 1902 PLEASANT PARAGRAPH'S, I ILLUSTRATED FASHIONS.

IF the unexpected always happened it would tease to exist. _ _

WHEN an old maid marries and hetibusband dies she becomes a young widow. PEOPLE who take offence easily usually find that there is plenty of it to be had. You may drive a boy to college, but you can't make him think. THE average wheelman likes to spin yarns about his spins. IT is a pity that so many people who have not dyspepsia act as if they had. TEACHER: "What is the principal product of Cuba ?" Johnny Update: "News." LOVE may make the world go round, but ib does not always have so much control over the income. . .

THE man who has a wide circle of acquaintances should not forget that they do not consider him the centre of it.

HOPE never deserts a man. When he is young he hopes to be famous, and when he is old he hopes to escape the poorhouse. THERE is no necessity for us to be awe-stricken at the present humility of the man wno is con- stantly telling of what a fool he used to be. EVEN those who think this world is a fleeting show want to see as much of the performance as possible. " FINE feathers," said the crow, as he watched the women on their way to church—" fine feathers snake short-lived birds."

" LoutsE coaxed her mother for an hour before she secured permission to accept Mr. Widderley's birthday gift." "'Well?" " And then he didn't send her anything." THIS dress eoat must go. Every little while a poor, insignificant clerk is taken for a haughty, well-to-do waiter.

A BACHELOR'S JOKE. —" When is the proper time to marry?" " When you haven't enough worry." A SCHOOLBOY who stood at the head of his elms said one day in his recitation of geography, "The crocodile is the largest insect in America.' His EXClTSE.—Geraldine: "This is so sud- den i" Gerald: "I know it, but I never heard a word before to•day about your father having money." THERE is a henpecked man who complains bitterly of his wife's treatment of him. He says he would appiy for a divorce, only she won't let him.

A G'Ll7B philosopher recently replied to a friend who remarked, "One ought to despise an anony- mous letter." "That depends upon whom it comes from." _

--...-- - TEACHER—" Of course, you understand the dif- ference between liking and loving ? " Pupil— Yes, marm ; I.like my father and mother, but I love pie." " Wmatzwourizt must have made some money out of that wildcat mining company." "Yes, there's no doubt of it. His daughter Jane is now spelling her name Jeanne." CIISTOMER—" Are these shoes too far gone to repair ?" Bootmaker—" No, indeed; I think a new pair of uppers, with soles and heels, will make them all right. The laces are good." MINISTER,: "Never swear, Johnny. A good plan when you are tempted is to stop and count twenty, and by that time—" Johnny: "Yes, by. that time the other fellow will have licked you."

MOTHER : "You don't know how you worry me, dear; why, my hair is turning grey." Florrie " My, how you must have worried grandma. Her hair is all white."

"WHO is the happier, a man who has £lOO,OOO or one who has seven daughters?" Rabbi: "The latter." " Why ?" Rabbi: "The man with £lOO,OOO wants more, the other doesn't."

Hun'r HER FEELINGS.—" No; my wife feels worse since she went to see Dr. Blunt." "In- deed?" "Yes. He told her there was very little the matter with her, and there am no reason to make such a fuss about it." "WE use 328,500,000 handkerchiefs a year in this country," asserted the statistician. "Is that so?" returned the man with the cold in the head. "I wonder who uses the other 10 or 15 ? "

A PESSIMIST.—May: " StelXa looks at the dark aide of everything." Maud: "Yes, indeed! Why, she is even afraid that she may not be able to have her own way when she is married." MAMMA—" Now, Edward, the best portions of the fowl are for the guests, so what are you going to say when I ask what you will have ?" Edward —"Just a few of the feathers, if you please."

. PROM HIS POINT 01" VlElV.—Minister : you have finished your Sunday-school book? And who was the hero?" Tommy: "The bad little boy who kept a-pestering the good one."

LOCATING Him.—Teller: "Van Dunk displays a great deal of individuality; don't you think so?" Grimshaw : "Don't know him. What particular kind of a fool is he?"

AROUSED. —The Party Outside: "Henry, don''.; you hear the church bells?" The Party in Bed : "Oh, yes! I suppose I'll have to get up and finish my nap in church."

HE SYMPATHISED.—" Of course," observed the thin wheelman, "water won't run up hill." "Well," replied the fat wheelman, who was still puffing and blowing, "I don't blame it."

_ _ MRS. HOHEBUDDY "Home is the dearest spot on earth, after all." Mr. H. : "Yes, when you count in the rent and the servant's wages." THE MEAN THING.—She—" He kissed me, and then I told him to tell no one." lie—" And what did he do ?" "Why, it wasn't two minutes be- fore he repeated it." TEACIIED.—" What do we learn from the story of Samson ? " Tommy (with unpleasant results still manifest)—" That it doesn't pay to have women folks cut a fellow's hair."

HIS SAD FATE —First Tramp: " Dis tract de old lady gev me is quite affectin'. It's about a man what drank heavily fer twenty years, an' what do yer t'ink happened to him?" Second Tramp: " What ?" First Tramp: "He took de pledge an' never tasted liquor again."

AFTER THE MIDNIGHT CALL.— The Doctor: "No; I can't cure Mrs. Smith's baby." His Wife (shocked) : "Goodness ! What is the trouble?" The Doctor: "There's nothing the matter with it."

LOVELY NVONIAIV.-" We were good friend until " " Until when ?" " Until the day she happened to see rne coming home in the rain with no umbrella and my new hat ruined. Since than I can't bear her."

HE MEANT " ALias."—Mrs Monk (looking up from the county newspaper) : "How does it come that the swindler they've got in gaol in town has two names? The paper calls him in one place Bill Johnson and in another Walter St. Elmo." Farmer Honk : "Oh, Johnson is his proper name; the other is his Ananias."

" You are the celebrated Mr. Chumley Jones, I believe ? " " That is my name, sir. What can I do for you ?" Well, Mr. Jones, I came to ask you for your autograph." "My autograph? D. lighted, I'm sure. Have you any preference as to its form? " " If it is all the same to you, Mr, Jones, I should prefer it at the bottom of a cheque, mado to the order of Snip & Cuttem, tailors. You have the bill, I believe." . _ _ _

AN old beggar woman asked a lady the other day for a halfpenny. "I've nothing for you, said the lady; "but if you go to the soup kitchen you will get a pint of excellent soup." "Soup is it ye mane?" bawled the indignant memifcant ; "do you call that stuff soup? Sure and I'll just tell you how they make it. They get a quart of water, and then boil it down to a pint, to make it strong."

- A CASE OF ABSENT-MINDEDITESS.—Mr. Mont- gomery was making his way across the floor of a small ball-room which he had just entered. Tho room was comfortably filled with scions of old families who were enjoying a private hop. Mr. Montgomery was attracting considerable attention, and he was aware of this fact. The trouble was that he could not account for it. He was a chi hi of a noble race himself, and at no time in his life did his inborn dignity shine more conspicuously than now. He had passed the early part of Um evening with convivial friends, but he did not con- nect this fact in any way with the interest that was being shown in his promenade. Others did, for the truth was that, the night being stormy, Mr. Montgomery had raised his umbrella previous to his entrance and was still holding this useful article over his head, apparently with the idea that its removal would be the ruin of his dress. suit.

The evening gowns made for this season's debutantes are of the softest and flimsiest materials, and are noteworthy by reason of their simple elegance. The fact, however, of their exceeding fragility makes the prettiest evening toilettes an expensive, almost extravagant, item in the outlay incurred in introducing a young girl into Society. The economical mother will, however, lessen the expense by providing her daughter with one or two really good silk or satin underdresses, which can be used again and again with a fresh overdress of lace or net. Indeed, girls who move in less exalted society would find such a plan economical, as, with the aid of a dress stand, they can themselves reno- /vete an old gown and make it as good as new, even if their knowledge of dressmaking is not very [extensive. Common sense and good taste, together with an overdress (with ready - made skirt and material for bodice such as one can buy anywhere) are all that is required, and the task will be considerably lightened if some pretty model gown has been duly and carefully noted, and is imitated as faithfully as possible. It is always a good plan to spend a morning hilt specting the windows of the best dressmaking establishments before selecting a toilette of any nature, as one, if observant, may pick up many little hints as to the tendency of the modes, and so have even a simple gown rendered distin- guished by those little effective touches which one is so apt to overlook, and which go so far to make a successful tout ensemble.

The pretty ball gown sketched is of soft pale blue areophane over a cream silk underdress. The toilette is trimmed with garlands of creamy

EVENI roses shading to pale pink, a little fine lace finishing the décolletage. There are quantities , of flowers of all sorts used this season for even- ing wear, arranged as berthes, chatelaines and sprays, while some of the most charming sleeves are composed entirely of chains of flowers. The rose, especially the small ba.nksia species, is the chief favourite, whether because of its natural beauty, or because of the important position it will bold during the Coronation season, it is difficult to say. A very beautiful ball gown of white esprit net had its edge bordered with forget-me-nots, while loops of ribbon and small knots of the flowers decorated the front of the bodice. One is never wearied of reiterating the charms and fascinations of lace, and it is used on all articles of dress profusely, sometimes different varieties being intermingled. There are many dainty lace skirts now sold in the shops, ready to mount on slips for evening wear, some of which are charmingly embroidered with raised leaves and flowers in silk, while others again are braided with silk. The more inexvensive kinds, of overdresses are of d'esprit net decorated with numerous lines of satin ribbon about an inch wide. Silk gauzes printed with lovely designs of flowers and foliage are much in vogue, while mousseline de soie and chiffon are -employed in the construction of many charming

Flowers are much worn in the coiffure this season, and a pretty sample of this mode is shovvm in my sketch. Very artistic wreatba uf

EVENING COIFFURE. artificial flowers so cunningly fashioned as to almost rival natlire. are sold for the hair, and are particularly becoming to a fresh young face. The fashion for twining chiffon in the hair is also very pretty and set off a certain stamp of face in a wonderfully becoming fashion. It only re- quires clever fingers and a study of the features and head to achieve success. Of course, the more classic the features the better the effect. In the realms of dress one of the most notable features is the revival of the old - fashioned coloured pipings which were beloved by our mothers in their youth. Among other quaint fancies are rouleaux of satin in colours on white toilettes, while satin ribbons are also used in quantities round the bottom of skirts, or as borderings to flounces. Cashmere, especially in white, is a material whose charms I fancy are hardly appreciated, and in cream or ivory white it is particularly attractive. Its draping qualities are admirable and its wear almost endless. The full flowing skirt still holds its own, and will continue to do so throughout all the summer season, but there are many other varieties which have much to recommend them. Among these

SKIRT,

are the skirt with a close-fitting ompiecement round the hips, into which the skirt proper is set. The fulness in such is set into pleats, gaugings, or volants. This is, indeed, quite one of the most chic skirts of the moment, and when, as illustrated, guipure lace covers the empiecement and is continued into the lower part of the bodice, the effect is excellent. This mode will be much employed for cotton or batiste dresses, as these lend themselves kindly to the necessary pleating. In light materials also favour is found for the exploiting of the skirt decorated at the hem with triple flounces, the edges of which are generally finished by narrow ribbon or lace edging. The skirt with the shaped volants, one over the other, is popular for cloth cdstumes. Some venturesome votaries of fashion are having their more elaborate toilettes flounced up to the waist with tiny flounces some four or five inches deep, on the edges of which narrow bibe ribbon is run, These are mostly employed on taffetas or foulavi gowns reserved for fetes or garden parties.

COQUETTE,

`.

(Au. Itteirre-Ramsvzo.]

... --I:11'1'14-s /,, , -/-.4.<2- \ • /i :' 1 a -/; 1, - '' : '. i Vd4 ...- I f jr7•7,,, ' I ..,;7 1/4' I NI ,; 1i ~ , \ •.,. \ A PRETTY - `TING TOILETTE.

'\ ,kli(ipt, r ' (/ t / Ili, 7. - t - (--....... , it:eV./ ...!'3"l3:°. ' • ks\s, AN

, 4 ..k7./.0..e 4 1----`-- --",,,,,. l• ki ' il• h. __, _ _ i )17111.141 • e • 4F. -It 3 - ii . • ,_, 8.... ,\,,.. ~ "t • n , ' ; 7 IV, I , , , ) .... . / I , ~/ f / f \ - '1 l'. -' • , --'7. .- s '' •••... „,,,,, , .•,;;. A NEW ,T.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOU4.

EP PS'S

GFATEFUL-COMFORTNG.

coco

REAK FAST--S PPEct

7 ,T.Mt":„ 'F,77.77-7- 7' , ' .

AN OLD SCORE,

ADELINE SERGEANT (Author of " The Lady Charlotte," to.)

===== 0002601_19020523_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PART il. —thurrEs 111.

Everybody said that Mrs. Vandeleur was a flirt— so much of a flirt that careful mothers warned their daughters against making friends with her, and snetaphorically drew their skirts aside when she went by. She was an audacious, brazen-faced, hard- hearted little woman—according to the report of these austere matrons—, atrociously pretty and be- wilderingly smart in repartee. She was a widow, and certainly showed no disposition to marry again; indeed it was rumoured that she would lose her money if she did, the late Ifr. Vandeleur having been something of a curmudgeon, advanced in years and given to fits of insane jealousy; but if Mrs. Vandeleur could not marry, she amused herself all the more by flirting with all the men she met. She was over thirty, but did not look it, and she had the dangerous gift of a most extraordinary attractive- ness, of which her beauty formed only a part. There was this to be said in her favour : she kept the friends she made. Men lost their heads about her now and then, but she never lost hers; and when

their period of madness was over, they settled down with a pleasant kind of friendliness which she really liked better than their love-making. Women said that Laura Vandeleur could never bear to see a man escape altogether from her hands. But then some- how or other, women did not like Laura Vandeleur. She looked very pretty as she sat by the fire in her drawing-room one afternoon in November: she had just come back to town, and found her rooms in- tolerable - without fragrant wood fires and great bowls of roses and violets. The weather was grey and cold; nobody lmew that she was in London and she thought herself safe from visitors. It was with some vexation that she heard the servant an- nounce a caller. She was, as always, beautifully dressed ; there was no need for her to wish herself differently attired; but she was reading a novel and she disliktd putting it down. The little pucker on her forehead vanished, however, as the visitor en- tered the room, and was succeeded by the most brilliant of smiles. " Maurice ! Can it be you ?" She held out her little white hands in greeting. "How dear of you Why, I have pot seen you for months !" He pressed her ihands and murmured something inaudible. She was sheared by his appearance. He was pale and had dark marks round his eyes, and she noticed that the veins stood out upon his hands as if he had grown thin. "Have you been ill ?" she asked abruptly. But there was tenderness in her face. "A touch of jungle fever, that was all," Harding said, sitting down listlessly in the chair that she in- dicated—very near her own. "I am subject to it now and then. It always pulls me down for a few days." "It does indeed, if this is how you look after it," said Laura to herself, but she simply rang for tea and began to busy herself with the silver bells of her toy terrier, just for all the world as if she had no interest in Maurice Harding at all. Until she had given him a cup of tea, she scarcely took any obvious notice of him. But all the while she was thinking of him and wondering what ailed the man who, for many years, had been so staunch a friend to her. Only a friend, alas! She did not think that he could ever be anything more. He, meanwhile, luxuriated in the warmth of the room, the comfort of the chair in which he sat. He was not a Sybarite by nature, but he was ill and sad, and felt vaguely soothed and consoled by his surroundings. His eye roved from the flowers at his elbow to the graceful little figure in the arm-chair. The light of the fire just caught the gold of her hair till it shone like a glory around her head: the jewels at her neck and wrists and on her white fingers sparkled with many coloured lights. 'Hard- ing was in some ways an unsophisticated man: it did not occur to him that Mrs. Vandeleur's pose was assumed for effect, or that the soft rose and white of her complexion was lees due to nature than to art. He looked at her so fixedly, so admiringly, that Laura at last turned almost nervous beneath the gaze, and in order to break the silence asked him what he was looking at. , "At you," he answered at once. " I was think- ing how beautiful you were—you will pardon the freedom of an old friend, I hope. And how different —from some women." " Different?" said Laura' with a smile. "You know how to be a true friend : 'you do not pretend and /mislead—what am I saying? You must not mind what I say, Laura; lam not well. This I touch of fever—" "Is it all fever?" she asked gently, bending to- Wards him. "Is there not also some grief—some anxiety—" " You have heard ?" he said suddenly. "I have heard nothing. I only guess. Someone has wronged you—deceived you— 7 • "It was my, own fault," Hardin° answered bit- terly. "I injured her in days gone by, and she has never forgiven me. She refused me—three weeks ago, and gloried in the pain she made me suffer." "Then she must belt brute," said Mrs. Vandeleur. Her hands tightened their grasp on one another, and a light came into her eyes. "You are well rid of her, Maurice. She must be a hard-hearted woman. Can you not contentyourself with your true friends2,ll Harding was silent for a moment or two, then uttered a sort of groan which made Mrs. Vandeleur wince as she heard it. "I loved her," he said, from under the hand with which his eyes were covered. "Are you the first person who has loved in vain?" said Laura, in a steely. voice. "Be a man, Maurice, brace yourself a little; don't spend your strength in mourning for a girl who has thrown you over—es- pecially when it is only for the sake of a revenge." "But she was right. I don't blame her." Mrs. Vandeleur tightened her lips for a moment. Then her whole face relaxed, and she said in a voice of exquisite tenderness: ' "Tell me all about it, you peer boy." The words seemed inaplaropi.iate to the bronzed. face and manly figure of lier visitor, and yet they fell like balm upon Harding's ear. Like every man, he forgot that Laura Vandeleur was a beautiful woman, younger than himself, and not without her own susceptibilities: he heard only the kindlinaSs of her tone and put it down to the innate motherliness of which he believed every woman to be possessed. He yielded his confidence at once. In a few broken sentences, he told thd story of his ill- fated wooing, of Olwen's refusal of his proposal, and her ream for hating him. "You see she had justice I on her side," he ended gloomily, with a heavy sigh. " Ohs flan hardly expect a woman to forgive such an insult, such an injury, as I inflicted upon her." "Perhaps not? said Mrs. Vandeleur softly. "Women feel these things so deeply, you see. Evidently Miss Dare is not a person who forgives very easily. Surely it would he better to put her out of your mind altogether, Maurice other women exist—who like you, whom you have not Injured—" She paused, a little ashamed of herself. For a moment it seemed to her as if she had absolutely proposed to him to marry her. But it had evidently aot atm& Harding in that light. He shook his head despairingly, "I shall never love another woman. I never saw one who touched me in the least until I met Olwen 'Dare."

Laura bit her lip. But recovering herself almost instantly, she spoke with resolute cheerfulness. "There is one point I want to have quite clefs, Maurice. Lionel Borrodaile was your ward, I kno*; but wards are not often so submissive to their guar- dians as he seems to have been." "His father had left me supreme control over hun until he should be twenty-five years old. I could have cut off his income entirely for a time. With some men, the threat of doing this would have been powerless, but Lionel hated exertion or hardship of any kind. After a little futile resistance he gave way—especially when I impressed upon him the bad account I had heard of the girl—not Olwen Dare, as it turned out, but the woman in charge of the school where she was working—" "You were careless about your facts, Maurice." "Yes, and she blames me—who would not ?—for that. I was so anxious at the time, you see, to free him from the toils of an adventuress, as I considered her—that I was ready to use any means that came to hand. I am punished now." "So Lionel escaped. And afterwards he went to Italy. You remember ?" " Yes, I think you once told me he met you there."

did. But I never told you, Maurice, all that I knew of him. Ultimately he died, as you know, from the effects of hard drinking and hard living. He began that downward career in Italy. Does this woman—this Olwen Dare—know the sort of man for whom she still cherishes a tendresse ?"

"I don't suppose she does. / could not tell her, you know."

"NO, I suppose not. But—someone else might." "It would be no use. It is not only that she re- members Lionel, but also that she hates me."

. " Ah !" • The long elawn intonation ended in a sigh. It was inscrutable, and Harding lifted his eyes to dis- cover wt it rueant._: Ue_saw a lovely vision.before

him. The gofiren hair slime 11U-the-aureole of a saint around the sweet, pityin' gfaee, with its delicate colouring, its wonderful expressiveness of feature. He fancied that there was even a tear in the be- witching blue eyes. He had never seen Laura Vandelear so entirely at her best. It was a moment of weakness with him. out his hand impulsively. "Laura," he said. " You are a true friend. I know nobody like you. Won't you take pity on me and be my friend—always? You know how little I have to offer you, yet—there is only you who could in anyway—"

He put

He stopped abruptly. She had risen to her feet, quickly, as if something had stung her, thrilled her with sudden pain. Involuntarily her hand sought her heart. It had given a startling leap, and was now beating so hard and fast that she couldhardly find voide with which to utter what she wished to say. "You don't know—you don't know what you are saying," she faltered at last. "You can't tell all it means—l think I might be able—in time—to make you happy, Maurice—but--" "If you desert me, Laura, I shall have nothing left," said the man sadly and simply. She'stood on the hearthrug looking at him and tearing her handkerchief to rags between her restless hands. After a long pause, she spoke, in a stifled voice.

"1 will answer you in twenty-four hours," sho said. "You must give me that time in which to think. I can say nothing now." Then she pressed her torn handkerchief to her eyes and passed out of the room, leaving Maurice Hard- ing to his own reflections.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The spring of the Coronation year of Queen Victoria was a most Iselenient one, such as we have this season found so trying to health and temper. Instead of en- joying early summer sunshine, and trying a dain. y on muslin, chiffon, and lace toilettes, we have all been wrap in furs, and raincoats, and sitting over May fires. Many people like to get their spring cleaning over ear:y and knock cif fires, but this year such a procedure hAe meant some weeks of the untold misery of never feeling warm. It was the same in 1333, but the summer af tee- I wards was not a bad one on the whole, and we can only hope that we shall be equally favoured later on this year. The Queen's decision that tiaras are to be worn at the Coronation ceremony,will add much to the gorgeoue- ness of the historic pageant. Despite rumors to the contrary, this particular form of ornamentation h3s been built in high, up-standiog fashion, it being found that this arrangement would prove much more effective in front of a coronet, on the auspicious day. Among noted jewels in evidence at the Coronation I ceremony, will be those of the Duchess of Marlborough, of whose famous pearls and diamonds we have all heard so much. Then there will appear the Countess of Echester's black pearls, whist are not only famous, but absolutely unique. Lady Carnarvon's splendid emeralds, aid Lady Wimtorne's superb rubies. The Marchioness of Londonderry, too, will wear some magnificent jewels, so also will the Countess of Aberdeen, the Countess of Shaftesbury, Countess Cadegan, Georgiana,Countess of Dudley, and Princess Pine. Altogether the blaze of jewels during the progress of the Coronation festivities promises to be quite unprecedented and overwhelming. Not only the Peeresses who are to attend the Corona- tion, but hundreds of other women who hope to he bidden to one or other of this season's Court functions, are keeping the jewellers busy just now. The tendency would appear to be to revive old potterer', and old fashioned stones, and ornaments are so arranged that they may be worn crone, or detached and appear in many forms. The rose is a very favourite design fce brooches, pendants, and hair ornaments, but there i 3 a suggestion of heaviness about it, and moreover it wi I " date" one, later on. Pink topazes, peridets—a beautiful stens in an indescribable !bade of delicate green-blue—and oliveeens, which closely resemble a clear pale emerald, are being extensively utilised for mixing with diamonds, but pretty as the fashion is, it will probably be short lived. The many little concessions granted with regard to the coronation robes, will make it possible for the major- ity of wOMS2 attending to look tolerably well, but it cannot be hoped that they will look their best. Such et toilette is not familiar and cannot be comfortable nor,- over, provided that summer weather has arrived by then, the unfortunate wearers must become exceedingly warm. Then the long hours ! Apart frown the fac- that numbers of these great ladies will have had their hair drersed the day before, a procedure which will render sleep I.or them almost impossible, they must be in theft seats in the Abbey soon after cock-crew. At the conclusion of the ceremony, these weary peeresses. and peers, will proceed to the Palace of Westminster, where they will lunch, and wait for the crowds to disperse enough fee the drive home to be possible. At the three Courts held by the King and Queen,the pallor and weariness of the latter bar been apparent to all. Sue) functions, however curtaileil must to trying in the extreme, and possibly no one wishes that the trying ceremony erf tbe &iron, tion,with its attendant festivities were numbered among those of the past,mere fervently than Queen Alexandra. Nothieg like the display of decorations, and illumine- time which will be seen in the metropolis en the nic,it of the Coronation, and the one after, has ever been witnessed before, but traffic will be so exceedingly difficult, that few will be able to view mush of it. Omnibus traffic in illuminated thoroughfares is, it sterns to be stopped, N 9 thousands who have hitherto managed to get a fine view cf decorations and illuminations, will be robbed of the enjoyment, on this occasion. From the eminence of the ereat tower of the new cathedral at Westminster, two crowns of flame will dominate on both nights,and from what is known of the treatment of the embarkment and the gardens, a fairy fete will be created. The spectacle from the Thames promises to b a very beautiful one, all the bridges to Westminster having brilliant inuminetiene. About 2,000 invitations are iesued for a State Ball, and about 1.200 for a State Concert. These entertainments, as also the Courts,are given in the ball-room at Buckisg- horn Palace which is a magnificent apartment, nearls 140 feet in length. A splendid CsnSPrvatory runs along ens side, thus forming an agreeable retreat whilst on the ether side is the promenade gallery which runs the whole Ilength of the ball and supper rooms. The latter is nit so large as the ball-room,but affords abundant aceoinene- dation for the royal guests. The ball-room does not I belong to the original building, but was added about fifty years ago at a feet of over a quarter of a million pounds.

- - "Coronation Ices " are a frequent item at fashionable lunches, dingoes, and suppers. Naturally these isle erowns are difficult of manipulation but skill and taste triumph, and loyal subjects have presented to them very excellent rniniatnres of their Majesties' Crowns. We have already been told that it is a mistake to sup- pose that the Garden of Eden was in the neighbourhood of the Tigris And Euphrates, and that it was, in fact, situated in Wales. We now learn that it was a Welsh- man, and net Columbus, wile discovered the island of St Vincent, the hero lithe story being Prince Madoc, who was /about 300 years before Columbus in visiting the West Indies. But in any event it may he doubted whether the man whe discovered St Vincent eciferted any very great benefit upon mankind, Professor Falb, the well-known authority on earth- quakes, was certainly remarkably successful in foretell- log the volcanic upheavals in the West Indies, and the animals ef Mdtinique appear to have bad a wonderful prevision of disaster. Cattle, we are told, became unmanageable, the dogs howled, the birds departed, and even the snakes left the vicinity ef the volcano. Them things happened days and weeks before the outbreak, and if they are true they form a rinsark- able premouiticn of Onming death. Mazy meteorologists believe there is a close connection ketween earthwaves and weather, and think it probable that the Vileanic disturbanees may affect eur summer. It is. at any rate. noted that mineral matter has been found in the thermal springs of Bohensia,such an occurrence not having taken place since the great and terrible earthquake at Lisbon in 1755.

Exhibitors of miniatures at the Royal Academy MO *gain rendered unhappy by reasen of %Ye background of red cloth, upon which their work. are hung. In many instance/able bard crude color, clashes painfully with thous employed for the miniaturee and one of the greatest enterers in this direction is Miss H E Hyder.an old exhibitor at ButHouton House. In her portrait of Judge Gatty, Chief Justice of Gibraltar, the bright ecarlet of his Honour's reties and the red cloth back- ground can scarcely be said to harmonise. Moreover, bad the glasses been polished, and the inevitable finger marks removed from the frames of the miniatures ere the eases were shut and fastened, it would have dL.- tinctly improved matters from the exhibitors' point of view.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
DiiOPSY CURD.

kW Dropsy is one of t sure symptoms of kidney disease, one of the most distressing, one of the most terrible. Bright's Disease is another ; Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago, and Gout also result from disordered kidneys. They are curable in one way only, by curing the kidneys. This, Dodo's Kidney Pills do daily. They cure Dropsy. They cure Bright's Disease. They cure Rheumatism, Seiatica, Lumbago, and Grut. They cursd Mr W fl Scott, of Ten Mile Bank, Doses- ham, Norfolk, after he had suffered for fourteen years with Dropsy. After taking a few boxes he had no sign of Dropsy about him, and four months af:sr, the last time he wrote, Mr Scott was thoroughly well. It seamed like a miracle. But it wasn't. Derld's Kidney Pills cured his kidneys. They will cure yours, and nothing is likely to all you if your kidneys are sound.

Dodn's Kidney Pills are 2s 9d per hex, ef all Chemists, or pest free on reeeipt of price from The Dodds Medicine Co, 23, Parringdon-avenue, London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'e.

Svith 342,782 inhabitants an Franci?co has 21,320 telephone'. In other "roads, she has a telephone for "very 18 inhabitants. Bnaton conies next. Sho has 500,000 inhabitants and 23,780 telephones, or a telephone for every 24 inhabitants.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
• L.

BOXING TOURNAMENT AT ORFORD

BARRACKS.

A grand boxing tournament took place in the gym- nasium Orford Barrecka, on Saturday. The competition was open to ad the troope stationed in barracks, and was held under Mai quis of Queensberry rules. Colonel Fitzterbert, commanding the 8-40th Regimental District, presided, and Was accompanied by Colonel Ridgwaancomonaneing the South Lancii shire Volunteers, Major C Rani..ll Ford. Major Rooms, adjutant lat V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, Captain Stewart, Army Pay Department, Cantain Chaffey, 3rd Liverpool Regiment, Captain Earle, sth (Irish), Captain Purchae, 40th Re- eiraentel District, Lieutenant Parry, and others. Tao first event was heavy-weights (three rounds), open to recruits of the 840th Regimental District, Private Hay, Ith Regimented District, beat Private Kant, 40th Regimental Distriet. A geed, stirring bout, both going strongly. Private Booth, 40th Regimental District, beat Private Fearer.4oth Regi- mental District. Very evenly contested. In the final Private Hay, Bth Regimental District, beat Private Booth, 40th Regimental District. Hay was aggressive throughout, and punisaed his opponent severely, but Private Booth stood hie gruelling gamely. A grand bout, Hay leading strongly at the finish and gaining the verdict. Middles : Smith (40tb) beat Laurence (40th). Laurence canoed much amusement by his peculiar attitude, but was no match for Smith, and retired during the third round. Wilson (Bth) Regimental District, beat Bamford (40th) Tricky and sharp work on the part of Wilson, Final : Wilson (Bth) beat Smith (40th). Wilson showed rather small against his more burly opponent, but soon proved his mettle. and, giving him no rest, fought him all over the ring, winning comfortably. Light-weights: Private Skelton (40th) beat Wynne (Bth), Private Smith (40th) beat Dalton 18th), Slingeby (40tb) met Sbaw (40th). This was a most determined encounter, and it was only after boxing an extra round that Shaw won. Private Fitze.alloo (8%) a bye. la the sem-final, Shaw (40th) beat Fitzgallon (Bth, and Smith (4011) beat Skel- ton (40th). Final. Smith (40th) beat Seale (40th). Smith was decidedly the better man, and soon had his oppon- ent in difficulties. Towards the end Shaw weakened rapidly and Smith secured a popular victory. Old soldiers (catciaweights) : D Exit!, 3rd South Lanca- shire Regiment, beat Private M'Leod, B`h Regimental District. Private Greenwood (Bth) beat Private Hiekey (Btb). Final : Priiate Greenwood (Bth) beat Exalt. (3rd South Lancashire Regiment). Greenwood's victory was never in doubt. Boys' competition (open to boys et the bands and drums of both depots) . Boy Late (Bth) beat Boy Brown (8b). Clever leading throughout by Late. Wilson (Bth) beet Murphy (Bth). Final : Boy Wilson (Bth) beat Boy Late (B,h). The foor work of Wilson was marvellous, and the way in which be dedged his eepenent provoked round after round of applause. Oa the last round he led strongly, and won with a decided advant- age. Daring the evening the band of the Ist Ba'talion the King's (Liverpool) Regiment,of Ladysmith feine,g aye selections, conducted by Mr Worthiegten. The tourna- ment arrangements were in the hands of Sergeant- instructor Sweeney ; referee, Celonr-sergeant Newell, 30th Regimental District ; timekesper, Celoto-sergesn t Sareeter, B,:h Regimental Dietrict; MC., Sergeant - instructor Stamford, gymnastic staff. Ile yrizes were distributed by Colonel E H Fitzherbert, and the proceed- ings terminated at eleven o'c!ocie with the Nttional Anthem, everyone agreeing that it had been a most enjoyable entertainment.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAFNESS CURED BY EXTERNAL APPLICAT lON.

The publication of 103 cases of deafness, and diseases of the ear, nese and throat, cured by the Drouet Insti- tute during January, February and March,and a further record if upwards of 40 oases cured, during April arouses a strong interest in the method by which such remarkable results are obtained. For the benefit of these interested in this subject a brief account of this Method is extracted from the " Journal for the Deaf." The treatment is based upon the well-known absorbent pro- perties of the skin, and consi its of a specific which is used entirely in the form of an external application. A plastic preparation in the thaw cf a crescent is placed ovtr the reastoie apophysis, the arched portion of the skull behind the ear, where it is in dose relation to the Internal parts of the organ of hearing. This plastic application contains the medicamente which are intended to act upon the middle and inner ear. Absorp- tion if thee(' remedial agents takes place through the akin and intervening tissues, and in this way they pro- gressively penetrate to the structures essential to hearing Here Clair curative properties are eaerted,acting counter to conjestion and inflammation, prAucting resolution of fibrous &posits, and thus restoring the sense ot bearing. -

This external applicaCon, then, igtkti bugs of the Drouet Method, brio the thoroughness with which deaf- ness and ear digeases are treated by the Institute may be judged by the faot that every detail of each cage receives attention, adjuvant treatment heing prr- scribed where the ailment in- is complicated by a flammation of the nose and throat, or by some. special general condition, or where antiseptic precautions are n necegsitated by a discharge from the sars. These who are interested in the traatment of deaf- sees, or of ear, nese, or throat ailments, will find A further description of the Drouet Method in the April aurabcr of the "Journal for the Deaf." A free copy of Llie publioation, together with a " Supplement " con- taining a full report of the cages cur3d during the past month, can be obtained by addressing the Secretary. Regent's Park-road, London, N.W. Each Journal is accompanied by a Patent's Report Form which ens.bles applicants to receive full ;articulate for applying the treatment at home. Any advice by correspondence is absolutely free.

....-40.-- A Farm Boy's Singular Death.

Mr F A Jones, deputy coroner, conducted an inquiry in the Coroner's Court, Warrington, on Wednesday morning. respecting the death at the Infirmary of Richard Howard, 13 years of age, residing at Battery Cottages, Woolston. The 11lr8:. witness called was George Howard who stated that the deceased was his grandson and he would have been 14 years of age that day if he had lived. The deceased left home at 630 on the morning of the 10th of May to go to his work as usual at Mr Marshall's farm at Rixtoc. Later on witness heard that his grandson bad met with an accident. Witness accompanied him to the In- firmary at Warrington where the wound was dressed. The deceased was allowed to return home and appeared to go on all right until the following Friday. Next day he was taken to the Infirmary where he died on May 20th.—Edward Mrrshall, farmer at Rixton stated that the deceased had been employed at his farm for the past ten weeks as a farm servant. At nine o'clock on Saturday,the 10th of May witneee in company with the deceased was [ harrowing a field. The deceased was leading the horse and witness was in charge of the harrow. From some reason or other the horse shied and threw tha deceased to the ground and before be could get out cf the way one of the spikes of the harrow caught him on the left buttock andlinflicted a severe flesh wound. The deceased was taken to the lefirmary at Warfington. In reply to the Coroner, witness said he did not know the cause of the horse shying.—Nurse Ilol- royd of the Warrington Infirmary gave evidence et the deceased coming to the institution on the 10th May suffering from a flesh wound. The wound was dressed and be was allowed to go home. When he returned on the following Saturday he was de- tained in the institution. Lock-jaw set in from which he died on Tuesday morning at B.3o.—The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental Death."

===== 0002601_19020523_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TRY ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE

*A powder to be shaken Into the shoes. Your feet feel Swollen, nervous, and damp, and get tired easily. If you have aching feet, try Allen's FOOt-Ease. It rests the feet and makes new or fight boots easy. Cures hot, swollen, sweating feet, blisters and callous spots. Relieves corns and bunions of all pain, and gives rest and comfort. Try It to-day. Of all Chemists and Stores. Price Is. ccor ,se substthett. Sent post Jive for Ti ial package FREE. Address, Allen S. Olmsted, r, Southampton Row, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTEB _ IV.

01 won Dare had gone back to a little cottage of her own; a place which she loved because it was so far.from the madding crowd .of London life. It had a charming garden sloping down to the river, and whenever she was tired or sick ,at heart, it seemed natural to her to go there and recruit herself. But the housekeeper wondered a little when she came in November, just when the garden was at its worst yind there was a touch of dampness in all the rooms, which had been so bright and cheerful all the sum- mer. But she said nothing about her surprise to Miss Dare: her mistress had a dignity of her own which did not permit of impertinent questioning. To a visitor, daintily .clad in fur and velvet, a woman of the world who had left London for a day's journey, the place seemed lonely and miserable in the extreme. Mrs. Vandeleur glanced round her, shrugging her shoulders a little, and remarking to herself, with a pretty, cynical air—" She must be in love with him! Else, why should she come to this place of desolation ?" " She rearranged her veil, put up her hand to feel that the golden hair beneath the black toque with its buneh of violets was smooth and neat, then rang the bell at the door. She was admitted and shown into 'a quaintly furnished little drawing- room, " all chintz and china," as she expressed it afterwards, and left alone while the maid went to summon Miss Dare.

Laura Vandelenr was nervous, but she did not show her nervousness. It was with a bewitching smile that she met Olwen, who looked pale and thin, yet beautiful, in a long black dress that seemed to express the tendency of her mind. She bowed politely, but her eyes told the question which she did not put into words—why was her visitor, here? "You will wonder why I have come," said Mrs. Vandeleur, "and indeed 1 hardly know what impulse possessed me to descend on you in this unceremonious manner. My only excuse is this—l am an old friend of a man you know—Maurice Harding." Olwen's face froze at once. She motioned her visitor to a seat, but remained standing as she re- plied. Mr. Harding is an acquaintance of mine, cer- tainly." _ _

" Of course, you know," said Laura, without further preamble, "that he has been very ill"? . _

Olwen sat down. It looked almost as though she could not stand any longer. "I did not know," she said faintly: _ _ _

"It was fever. He was subjeet to it, but Ido not think it returns unless he is suffering from men- tal distress or anxiety. I believe he is suffering very greatly in that way at present. You—perhaps you know why." _

" I have no—no—knowledge of Mr. Harding's affairs," said Olwon, trying hard to retain her self- possession.

"Have you not ?"—Mrs. Vandeleur looked wist- fully at the girl. "Is it nothing to you that he is ill, weak, despondent? You see, we are old friends, be and I. He knew me when my husband was alive—he has been very good to me ; and it was natural that he should tell me his story—forgive me if I speak too frankly—the story of his love for you, and of the rejection which has caused him so much pain." "These things are not generally spoken about," said Olwen with lifted head. "I am surprised* that you should come from him in this manner." "But I did not come from him: I came of my own accord," said Mrs. Vandeleur. And Olwen noticed that her face was very sweet as she said the words. "I came because of my interest in him, and of my desire to see him happy." "1 hope for his happiness too," said Olwen, with averted eyes. "Then—excuse me—you take a strange way ot advancing it," said Laura with evident warmth. "But I must not speak of that. The reason I came to you to-day was that I knew &person—a man— with whom I believe you were once acquainted—Mr. Lionel Borrodaile."

A flush crept into Olwen's pale cheeks. "Mr. Harding has told you a great deal," she Said. " think he has told me everything," said Mrs. Vandeleur quickly. "It would have been useless to tell me half, you see. And.then I bethought myself of Lionel Borrodaile as I knew him, and I felt that I should like to tell you a little about him." Olwen looked full into her visitor's eyes. "You knew him? You liked him? You were a friend of his? But how could you be a friend of his if you are Maurice Harding's friend ?" "Because Maurice Harding was as good a friend to him as he has been to me. You do not know how he cared for that boy in his youth, watched over him, devoted himself to him in every way. The reason why he interfered in a certain attaclunent— • you know what I mean—was because he had received an entirely mistaken idea of the young lady in ques- tion. And Lionel was very easy to convince—in fact, he owned to me a month or two after his return from Devonshire, that he was uncommonly glad ';—that was his expression—' to have got out of the scrape. The girl had bored him long enough.' You must forgive me if I quote his own words." The colour started, hot and crimson, in Olwen's cheeks. She had always indulged in the fancy that Lionel had •sorrowed for her as she for him. It was a shock to find that she had been mistaken.

Mrs. iTandeleur went on softly and relentlessly. "He came to see me when I was in Florence; and—my dear, I must tell you—he made love to me. He was a most ardent lover—for a time. I Awed not recapitulate his vows. Re swore that he had loved no one but me—that his affection for the little school-mistress in the Devonshire village had been all assumed, and that he had never meant to marry her—do you understand ? He threw aspersions on your character which were worse than those which Mr. Harding spoke of in his letter. He boasted of his conquest over you—" "Oh, stop, stop !" cried Olwen, wildly, " I can- not bear this !"

"I would not say it if it were not the truth and entirely for your own good," said Mrs. Vandeleur firmly. "I laughed at the boy, but did my best to be friendly to him for his guardian's sake; but at last I discovered him in a foolish and disgraceful liason with an Italian milliner, and then I was oblige4to give him up. I heard worse tales of him afterwards. Then he began to drink and to gamble, and finally Maurice Harding came out to nurse him in his last illness—galloping consumption brought on by his own excesses. My dear, he was a worth- less, dishonourable scoundrel, from whom you hap- pily escaped; and you should thank Maurice Harding from the bottom of your heart for his caution, instead of trying to punish him for a rats. take whict he has since so bitterly repented of." Olwen was crying, and she did not attempt to hide her tears. "Is he very ill ?" she asked at length, and Mrs. Vandeleur augured well from the question. "Yes, very. Sadly weak, and in want of a woman's tenderness." "It was not that I loved Lionel:" said Miss Dare, rather feebly ; " but I resented his treatment of me and its cause."

" If you did not love Lionel," said Mrs. Vande- leur, with a sudden inspiration, " what hinders you from loving a better man ?" a Nothing," said Olwen. "Only—l thought that I ought to stand upon my dignity." .And she smiled through her tears. "It was an old score—l wanted to pay it ; that was all." "Then you had better come back to London with me," said aura promptly. And Olwen came. • • * * * • • *

But when Maurice Harding called for his answer at Mrs. Vandeleur's pretty little house in Mayfair, he found Olwen waiting for him, and Laura nowhere to be seen. And when Olwen asked him to forgive her for her haraness. what coula he do but take her

"Fri Hi arms and-vow thafEeld E'er tlie bitter Or her valour and her pride ? But, meanwhile, in the dark, upstairs, another imams stool alone, pressing the tears from ant bey ern an ebb told herself that she was glad—glad leat that Maurice should be happy away from her, and that the "old score " had indeed been paid. It had been revenge on Olwen's part: it was gratitude on hers.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING FATALITY AT FRODSHAM.

Man Killed by a Threshing Machine.

At the Travellers' Rest Inn, Five Crosses, Frodaham, Mr .1 C Bate, district coroner, held an inquest on Mon— day touching the circumstances attending the death of 'William Turner, labourer, who was run over and killed by a threshing machine en Friday, the 16th inst. Margaret Turner, wife of the deceased, stated that her husband was 25 years of age. He was employed as an attendant upon a threshing machine. He was subject to fits, and had one as late as Wednesday morn- ing. Enoch Ashbrooke, engine-driver, for Mr Hall, Five Crosses, stated that deceased had been in the habit of following his threshing machine. Witness and Mr Hall's son had charge of the engine and machine. Deceased was not employed by Mr Hall. The deceased went with them to Ellesmere Port to Mr Davies's where they did some threshing. They were returning to Kingsley and the accident occurred in Howey-lane, near to Overton Church. Witness was driving the engine, and the deceased was walking alongside the box of the threshing machine. The deceased carried a scotch ready to put under the wheel, but it happened that they did not want it, and he threw it bask into the box, and was walking alongside when witness last saw him. Witness suddenly heard a shout, and, on stopping the engine and getting down, he found the deceased lying between the two straw press wheels. Be was quite dead. His b3dy was under the press, with his bead towards the wheel. Ile was lying on that side of the machine on which be had been walking a few moments before. Deceased was in the habit of following the machine, and he usually scotched the wheels for thern when required. He was not paid for doing this. Wit-. ness could not tell whether the deceased had had a fit, and then fallen down.

The Coroner. The probability is that he would be getting on the shaft to ride ?—Witness : I cannot tell whether that was so.

Had be been working that day P—Witness : No. Had he received any money P—Witness : No. Hs had a trifle to draw which he had earned previously. Had he had any drink ?—Witness : He had had a drink or two on the road.

How much ?—Witness : I cannot say to ha sure. The witness at this point fainted, owing no doubt to the close atmosphere of the mono. We was removed into the open air where he soon retsovered. Several jurors said the accident had, been a shock to the witness.

Harold Greenway, a boy living at Netherton, stated that on Friday evening, about six o'clock, he was going te Frodsham with another boy, and they met the threshing machine in charge of four men. He no tieed the deceased walking by the aide of the machine with a scotch in his hand. He was in front of witness. When witness next observed the deceased be was under the straw press, the wheel having goneover his head. He did net see how he got under the wheel. About four minutes would elapse between the time he saw the de- ceased walking alongside the machine and when he observed him under the press. The man seemed happy enough when witness saw him walking alongside the machine.

Sergeant Hunt stated that from enquiries he had made along the route in Helsby he found that there was no indication that any of the men with the machine were under the influence of drink.

The Corener thought the evidence pointed clearly to the fact that deceased mot his :death accidentally. It was not quite clear how he get under the wheel, but they could only surmise that he had been carrying the ecotch to put under the wheel end, finding it was not required, be had thrown it into the bor. Then no doubs he was returning to get on to some part of the machine to haves ride. If he had been getting on to the front of the hex thto 'driver must have seen him as he was close to. The probability was that he was trying to get on to the connecting abaft, and ia doing he fell, and the wheel of the press want over his head, and he was killed almost immediately.

The jury returned a verdict of ",Accidental death." The deceased's head was terribly crushed by the , wheel.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING. LANCASHIRE AND CHESI3IRE ASSOCIATION.

SECOND HOUND. WINNINGTON v. WARRINGTON. -.PlAyed at %areal Blom on Saturday. Scores :

WARR/IffiTON. WINNINGTON. J Willett 2O Burgess J Ashton 21 W Hugbes lB G Ball l4 k Norcross 2l B Taylor 2l E Mills J Allison 2l 11' Bradburs. W Povsy ...... ........... _,...... If 43 Stringfellow 2l H Williams lB T Hulase as J. Wood 2l W Whitby l7 Ellison 2l J Node n ll J Harrison 2l J Greenbough l2 T Bolton 2l A Starkey B Butterworth

231 Majority for Warringtaa, 30.

NAM

rmasw4

2(1-1

I

===== 0002601_19020523_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- 0f• ,70`,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel.

Sunday School Anniversary.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. R. E. Garnett and Religious Instruction. The Sunday School anniversary services in connection with Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel were held on Sun- day, and, as usual, were attended with success. The tanning service was held in tee chapel, the preacher being the Rev J Grange Bennett, who hag occupied the pulpit on many similar occasions. The rev gentle- man preached an appropriate discourse, which was listened to with considerable interest. In the afternoon an enjoyable musical service was held in Parr Hall, and was largely attended. Mr R E Garnett presided. The school children occupied seats at the rear ot the platform, most of the girls being at- tired in white, and the scene was a very pleasing one. The service commenced with the singing of the hymn, " Praise ye the Lord," and afterwards a prayer was offered by the Rev C H Hocken. The scholars then rendered the chorus " Forwaed march with spirit and expression, and it was evident that they bad been care- fully trained for the occasion. Mr DR Dunn conducted ' and Mr F Podmore, M I U M, discharged the duties of organist with ability. The song " Meditation," wag then very sweetly interpreted by Miss B Eckersley, Mr Podnaore accempanying. The rcholars having contri- buted an effective rendition of the chorui " Tribute,' the recitation " Nellie's Prayer," was feelingly given by Miss M H Dunn. The Chairman then delivered an address and, at the outset, congratulated the Sunday school Officials upon having monopolised Mr Bennett's services for theday and also upon their enterprise in securing Parr Hall for the afternoon and evening services. Mr Garnett proceeded to comment upon the excellent singing of the scholars, and said it evidenced careful training by those who understood music. Continuing, the speaker said there were certain matters engaging the attention of the nubile not only of Warrington, but of the country generally, at the present time,which might be termed matters of very serious importance. On these questions different men held different views, and every man had a perfect right le held his own view on any questton which he had tnoronghly considered and theuglet out, but it did not follow that a man having come to a conclusion, had any right to say that that was the only right conclusion, and no one e'se had any right te their thought on the matter. A question which was, perhaps, of vital importance to those interested in Sunday school week, was that of the future education of the children, which appealed to everyone in the couatry. They could look at !the question from one standpoint or another, but gi clog every man full credit for the courage of his con- victions, and feeling bound to honour those convictions, there were certain deductions which could be proved, and which were ant open to diepute. If it were possible for them to gravely eonsider these points, and arrive at a wise decision, he said " let us stand by nur opinions, and net be afraid of them." They had fought for freedom, they had established their rights, they had a right to think for themselves,and a right to educate their children in the way they thought best,and if they had suffered any persecution or trouble, or if they bad made any sacrifices, were they going to give up that position without a struggle and an effort ? He said tbat if it were necessary, further sacrifices should be made on behalf of these who were to follow after them. They ought to be able, and willing and glad to do it. He was not there to dogmatise and to lead the way; he was only there to ask every one of them to go carefully and theroughly into the questions that were exercising the life of the nation at the present time, and when their own decision was arrived at, with the help of these who were able to guide them, they must stand then to that conviction and fight for what they considered to be right. Mr Garnett wend en to express approval of the suggestion of Mr C. E. Parker that religious instruction should be given pietorially— that they should try to teach their children and those committed to their care, not an much by Catechism and words, as by a picture to illustrate the meaning, or by the living example of the man himself. He considered that the suggestion to teach the children by picture and example was better than all the talk and cateehiene in the world. In con- clusion, Mr Garnett said he had not been laying down any dogmatic rules, and he came to the service because he felt he might possibly be received in the place of one who would have been present if he had been able, and whe had helped Sankey Bridges Chapel on previous occasions. The Rev C Ei HOCKEN referred with regret to the absence of Mr Robert Garnett, who, he said, had been Passing through a very serioustillnese. He (Mr Hoeken) was sure they ail felt the deepest sympathy with Mr Garnett, and trusted that he would loon be amongst them again. The children then rang the chorus" Marching along," and Miss B Echerelev delighted the audience with her effective interpretation of " Abide with Me." The chorus " Beautiful home" having been rendered, the service concluded with the well-known hymn " On- ward Chrietiau seldiers." The evening service was held in the Pare Hall and there was again a large attendance. The Rev J Grange Bennett preached a powerful sermon, and another in- ereating musical programme was gone through, including the solo "Sun of my " by Miss Eckersley. The collections for the day realized the handsome sum of £35 163 4d.

The Rev. W. Bracecamp's First

Sermon at St. Paul's, Warrington. On Sunday evening the Rev. W. Bracecamp the newly-appointed Vicar -of St. Paul's Church, Warrington, preached his first setmen as Vicar of the parish. The rev gentleman took for his text the words :—"Christ, the power of God," I. Corin- thians i., 24. Before concluding his sermon, the Vicar said tending in this pulpit fir the first time to-day, I realize that the position which I am now called to occupy is one of much interest and privilege and of great opportunity, but also one of considerable reopen- eibility. In the Providence of God I have been invited by the truste2s of this living to take charge of this church and district. I felt it my duty to accept this offer, believing it to be a distinct call from God to return to the town where I have already lahOured most happily for three years, as also to the diocese in which I was ordained. It is, therefore, with great pleasure that I take up the work of this church and district. In the church 'desire that our worship should be thoroughly devotional and spiritual- Let us seek to carry out the two-fold Apostolic injune. tion to " Let everything he done to edify," and also to "Let everything be done decently and in order." My desire will be to interest myself in everything which I believe will tend to the moral and spiritual welfare of the community, but chiefly my endeavour will be to set before you in due proportion the truth of God's Holy Ward,and so tesch and to preach thallsoule may be saved and believers built up on their most holy faith. My heart's desire is that everyone who worships within these walls may " worship Gcd in spirit and in truth," end that what we say and sing with our lips we may believe in our hearts and practise in our lives. So shall NiTI be able in all humility and yet with all confidence to give an answer to:every man that asketh ulea reason of the hope that is in us, and at the same time prepare our- Selves for the more perfect worship and for the everlast- .ing service of the Holy City in the presence of GAO and of the Lamb. As regards the work in the parish I realize .c'esy seriously that it will be no easy matter to follow such a good man as your late Vicar. H bee left everything in a very flourishing statee Pray that I may have grace and strength given me to lecep up the work ac far as possible. Remember that though in the providence of God the generals or com- manders in Christ's army have been changed the work Is the same. There are still the three great enemies of the Church to contend against, viz., the world, the ail:cfihe, and the devil. I ask then for your kind forbear- , your earnest prayer, your Sthristian sympathy, and at the lame time I would appeal for your personal go-operation. Rally round me as you did round your late Vicar. a -ive me a trial of your love and sympathy and help, remembering that if the work of 3od is to 'roarer in this place it must be by the united action of minister and people. St. Paul's Church. The Adjourned Vestry Meeting. The adjourned vestry meeting in eennection with St. Paul's Church was held in the sceeole, Kendriek-street, an Saturday evening, the newly-inducted Vicar (the Rey W Bracecamp) in the chair. A meeting of the vestry, it should he explained, was held a few weeks ago but, as Mr Bracecamp bad net then been appeinted to the living, an adjournment until after the he:motion bad been held was rendered neee3sary.—The Vicar who bad a cordial reception, appointed Mr Robson John Clasrley ,148 his warden. They all knew the valuable work me kjhorley had done for St. Paul's particularly with regard ' 'ha improvement of the churchyard. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19020523_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19020523_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19020523_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
p

===== 0002601_19020523_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a=-7-7,"=OZlz-.0

===== 0002601_19020523_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

KING AND QUEEN BOWLING CLUB.—On Saturday at the invitation of the president (Mr Dillon), the Com- mittee of the above club, to the number of about 20, sat down to an excellent tea. Mr Dillon, who presided, said it gave him great pleasure to be with them, and he would do his best for the einem of the club. Mr F J Whittle, vice-president, in proposing a vote of thinks to the president, for entertaining the committee, said he believed that in Mr Dillon they had a president worthy of the position. Mr J Shaw sconded, and the motion was carried, Mr Dillon suitably replying. After tea a i smoking cancer': was held, an excellent programme of musc being gone through by Messrs I Makin, A Dillon, Bannon, Bird and W

Tun SPEEDY GREynouvn , that, as the. result of exp„i'—:— correspondent says th:tiletts he has made under careful timing, be finds going at full gallop,it of all four-footed animals. When greyhound is the fostlt 1011. about a mile in a Tsbpeerseaatreat comes very near can cover 20 yards a senener seeefne/ thoroughbred minute and 20 secpoingdeso.n7a that of a carrier miles in y_ards. Fox- hounds that can exceed 19 yards a have been known to better that by four. GreYbounds This ix and bail ho.unds have a record of four minutes, sr nearly 18 yards a second. some extaat an inherited gift, as wolves can run is to says at the rate of a mile in three minutes. Nansen '" tb4t Siberian dogs travel 45 miles on ice in fivo hours

Personal: Lord and Lady Gerrard are staying at Eastwell Park, near Ashford Lord Gerard has been very unwell, and was seriously ill for some days, but is now recovering.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4.4A1

===== 0002601_19020523_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
JIAIA4„ •

_

===== 0002601_19020523_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
—Mr H F Greenough proposed the re-election of Mr James Henry Smethurst as people'ir warden. There was he said, no one more suitable tor the position, and der- leg the past three years Mr Smethurst had done a good and useful work. (Hear, hear.)—Mr S Bailey seconded and the motion was heartily agreed to.— Mr Charley appointed Mr F J Lord as his sidesman, and Mr A H Burgess was selected by Mr Senethurst.—The Vicar, in a brief address to his wardens and sidesmen maid he had a certain hesitation in following such a grand man as Mr Tarbuck. Ha owed his position in a great measure to the action of the vestry,and ha thanked thew for their kindness; he hoped none of them in the time to come would have to feel cLat they had made a ' mistake in their choice. He could assure the meeting that in many respects he would have preferred to remain in Sheffield, but he looked upon the invitation extended to him to take charge of the parish as a call of outs,. He had come amongst them with one object in view, and that was to glorify God and to work for Hie church in that part of His vineyard. He was sure from the way in which he had been received that they were willing to give him a trial ; that was all he asked.—A vete of thanks having been accorded to the Vicar for presiding, on the motion of Mr Greenough, seconded by Mr Fred Bailey, the meeting was brought 0 a conclusion. The Christian Endeavour convention.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Sermon at Warrington.

In connection with the great Christian Endeavour Convention which has been held in Manchester during the past week, a convention sermon was preached in the Emmanuel Church, Bold-street, Warrington on Sun- day afternoon. The preacher for the occasion was the Rev E J Gilchrist, B.D , Presbyterian minister, of Ips- wich- There was a fairly-large congregation composed chiefly of members of the societies affiliated with the Warrington and District Christian Endeavour Union. The devotional part of the service was conducted by the Rev E T Reed, assisted by the Rev J L Milne, 8.D., of St. John's Presbyterian Church. The preacher based an able discourse on the text " But thou, when thou prayest,enter into thy closet,and when thou hest shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret ; and thy Father which Beath in secret shall reward thee openly" Matthew 6c.6 v. There was no such strain upon heart and spirit, he said, as that which was made by Obribtian religious work. That which cut but little to the worker would benefit but little Wm.* whom the worker sought to help. What wonder then that the Christian teacher and worker should at times grow weary. But there was renewal for life's expended powers. There was a place where they could gain more than they had given ; a place where they could receive back again in still greater fulness all they had expended in the service of otbers,for in communion with God there was refreshment for the weary worker and in the consciousness of His love the heart could become still occe more, and the fret and care which came from work and worry were dissipated as they met in the appointed place referred to in the text. What a privilege it was to have a secret place to which they might turn in the hour of need. The preacher proceeded to demonstrate that they could not got rid of sin by trying to cover it up and bury it in the depths of forgetfulness, What was the supreme effort of present day life but to get rid of loneliness. Men did not wish one moment's pauie in which there wee time to think of better things, but filled up every spare moment lest per- chance a man should think. When a man went into the secret chamber and took his sin with him, and he was alone with God, there was time for thought. It was-unmanly for anyone to determine his life heedlessly I without thought. The preacher proceeded to refer to the need at entering the secret plane when , the heart was bowed down with suffering. The ' heart knew its awn bitterness. In the secret place they met with the Father and the Father himself would give them strength to bear the burden if only they would see'l it in the secret place. To teachers and workers in Christian enterprise the preacher advised them to seek inspiration by communism with God in the secret place. That which would tell meet of all in their lives was not the word spoken or the work done, but the spirit of their lives, and that influence would depend upon their likeness to Christ. They would become ' like Him most of all in the secret place.—A collection I was takenon behalf of the Manchester Convention funds. I

===== 0002601_19020523_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Appleton Wesleyan Chapel.

The Sunday school sormons were preached in the Wesleyan Chapel on Whit-Sunday afternoon and even- ing, by Mr Joseph Stringer, of Doncaster. The congre- gations were large at both services, special hymns for the occasion being sung by the choir, who acquitted themselves creditably. The collections amounted to £7 15 id.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Church eastoral Aid Society.

At Stratton Chur-ch, Ola Sunday, special sermons were preached and collections made on behalf of the Church Pastoral Aid Society,the clai:ns of which to ties help and synapathy of all church goers were set forth in a clear and striking manner by the Rev Mr Daßano, of Liver- pool, who preached morning and evening. The weather was most unfavourable, and prevented the congrega- tions being large.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINEE, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1902.

No Money Wanted.

Anaemia _Kidney Diseases Bile .Locomotor Ataxy Consumption Neuralgia "Decline" Paralysis Eczema _Rickets Fits Gout

Rheumatism

Sciatica Headache Scrofula Heartburn St. Vitus' Dance Indigestion Women's Disorders

If you are suffering from any of the above ailments, or if you need a tonic to revive strength,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
I EVENTS OF 'THE WEEK ILLUSTRATED.

To the public, even those intimately in touch with Australian affairs, the news of Lord Hope- toun's resignation came as a very great and de- cidedly unpleasant surprise, as he has been ever since the inauguration of the Federation a most satisfactory and popubir Governor-General. His has been by no means a bed of rases in his position of final court of appeal and go-between amongst the jealous Premiers, each one fighting keenly for his own prestige and that of his particular colony, and his administration has been most markedly successful without his popularity suffering in the slightest, which is a great tribute to his tact. Now as a thunderbolt comes the intelligence that the Federal Parliament has refused his reasonable demand for an additional grant of £B,OOO per annum, pending the establishment of one proper Federal capital, and his consequent resignation. For this he gives the reason that his present salary of £lO,OOO is insufficient to keep up two Government houses and maintain the dignity of his high office,

. -,....... , *MI ; (1 _ ~.. ".' -7 - :1,----.-- -1 r( It/ .1 lithVii___Y ',' !=•.-- j \ „...- 4 .4, -..z..... _.,.., 1 - 111/4 / a' I •.,/-_,--N V'''. 11 • "") - -.....1 • IF

===== 0002601_19020523_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD HOPETOI7N

THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL OF FEDERATED AUSTRALIA WHO

IS RESIGNING.

unless supplemented by large sums from his private pocket. This it is hardly fair to ask from any Governor-General, and there is little doubt that the Colony, through the Federated Parlia- ment, is adopting a very short-sighted policy in its refusal to make an adequate ' grant, especially as Lord Hopetoun only asks for it until such time as only one Government house will be required. This is hardly the way to get men of his stamp and standing to undertake the onerous office, and every Agent-Genoral in London seems to be at a loss to explain the action, as the news has come as much as a surprise to them as to everyone else. Lord Hopetoun will continue to fill his office until after the Coronation and its concurrent festivities, when it is understood that Lord Tennyson will temporarily take over the administration of affairs until a successor has been appointed from home. Meanwhile, Lord Hopetoun will be a decided loss to Australia.

The recent history of Cuba has been stormy in the extreme, and it is hoped that under the new Cuban Republic, formally launched last Tuesday, its unsettled days are destined to give way to a reign of prosperity. First came the revolt from Spanish dominion and then American interference, followed by a temporary administration by the Yankees, but this ceased on May 20th, when the American flag was hauled down and that of a Cuban Republic hoisted in its stead, the reins of government being at the same time handed over to the first President, General Palma. The cruiser Brooklyn was despatched by the American Govern- ment to take part in the festivities and to salute the new flag, all the American troops in Havana being paraded in honour of the occasion, which was naturally marked by great rejoicing among the Cubans themselves after their hard struggls for independence. Then General Wood and his staff vacated their position and sailed for home, leaving Cuba to work out its own salvation as well as it can amidst the constant intrigues which are

he yoqpg King to help to restore his people to their former position amongst the nations of Europe, and now that the festivities have been concluded, considerable anxiety as to the future is being expressed, as the accession of King Alfonso is unquestionably a critical moment in the history of Spain. The programme of rejoicing embraced a reception of the Ambassadors Extraordinary, the giving and receiving of Orders, a great bullfight, a Court Ball, the opening of the Andaulsian Fair in the Bnen Itetiro Park, the opening of the exhibition of paintings of El Greco and Retiro, a battle of flowers followed by a banquet, a tournament and a Moorish fantasia at the Hippodrome, a gala performance of Din Moran= at the Opera, the taking of the oath before the Oortes,,a farewell reception to the Foreign Princes, a great reception to the public function- aries, a monster garden-party in the Royal Park, a reception at the Palace to the students and work- people, and, finally, a re-union in the saloons of the National Library—truly an enormous pro- gramme, which has on the whole been well carried out.

M. Llibet's *visit to Russia must be looked upon as a return to that paid by the Czar to France last autumn, and there is very little reason why any special significance should be attached to this fresh interchange of international amities between these two allies, unless it be that Russia may again be in need of a loan, and in- tending to apply once more to her ever-fruitful source of finance in times of pecuniary need. Great enthusiasm was shown in France over the President's departure, and it is unquestionably a popular move amongst the people in general, who are as Russophil as they are Anglophobe in their tendencies, and in their turn the Russians have given M. Loubet an equally cordial reception. The latter, despite his femporary position as the head of a Republic, and the fact that he abhors ceremony, is not stinting the magnificence of his tour, and the French have voted him half- a-million franca to cover the expenses of his

R.I.M. THE CZAR.

PRESIDENT LOUBET.

PRESIDENT LOIIBET:S VISIT TO RUSSIA.

t - -''•'`. ' , 4 ////, ,r / , . 4. _ , ..44,-,- .. • „:,,_-__ ~„i...,.?-i- ;,: - 4 ..•,IA, , s n /' 7 „.,...41-..•.,,, ~,. )) ....v - , N• , ( / ..,' - .'• . :2-, ‘..., , '<" , , ..i.; . j f.e.., N ...- ... ..•;< • fri",:;..", ,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Write Before Buying Any Medicine

to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn Viaduct, London. State from what Ailment or from what Symptoms you are suffering, and we promise to prove to you the unquestionable fact that

DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE

I I t....................,1

have cured and will cure the disease YOU are suffering from better than anything else.

We are not going to ask you to believe us. We will send free

===== 0002601_19020523_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TO YOU PERSONALLY

PROOF that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured YOUR disease in the case of a trustworthy, respectable person living

NOT FAR FROM YOU.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CUBAN REPUBLIC AND ITS FIRST

PRESIDENT.

disturbing it internally. However, the selection of their first President is particularly felicitous, and Tomas Estrada Palma is unquestionably the right man in the right place. If anyone can turn the present state of political chaos into one of national order, he can and will, raising the new Republic to a position of prosperity which is well augured for by the generous dealing of the United States in the matter of tariff, A quarter-of- a-century ago General Palma was dragged to Spain in chains and disgrace, and now be returns to rule the island from which he was forcibly exiled, and to fill the executive chair from which he was formerly persecuted and sentenced. Born at Bayama sixty-three years ago, he is a veteran in war, who has always striven for his country's freedom, and during the last war he was minister-plenipotentiary in the States for the insurgent Republic, thereby gaining a thorough knowledge of American civil and political institutions. Such a man at its head bodes well for Cuba, and all lovers of free- dom will wish success to the newly-inaugurated Cuban Republic.

Spain this week has been celebrating the formal accession of King Alfonso XIII. and his taking the Oath before the Coras upon coming of age and receiving the reins of government from the Queen- R.egent, who' has filled the office so well for so many years past. Last week Queen Christina, who is now simply "Queen-Mother," geld her last Cabinet Council and bade farewell to her Ministers, begging them in a very pathetic speech to serve her son as well and faithfully as they had served herself. Senor Sagasta in his turn bade her farewell on behalf of the Cabinet in very eulogibtio terms, dwelling in a very, feeling ity upon the

4)(41000 all die I

• .k. .1'... \s.

HER MAJESTY THE EX-QUEEN-REGENT OF , SPAIN

WHO HAS NOW HANDED OVER THE REINS OE GOV.

MENT TO HER SON, RING ALFONSO

services she had rendered Spain, all present being obviously affected by the importance of the occasion. Last Saturday her Majesty made her last appearance as &gent, at the special request of her advisers, at the ceremony Lefore the Cortes, after which King Alfonso took all affairs of state upon his shoulders. It is generally felt that he has come into his Kingdom at a very trying time, when the outlook of Spain is depressing and unpromising, and the whole country_ with one accord looks to

journey. Those who know M. Loubet's simple tastes will sympathise with the President in the fetes and feasts to which he will ' have to graciously and gracefully submit during his visit to Russia. M. Loubet is happiest when he is dressed in a comfortable suit—a somewhat dusty frock coat it may be and a not aliogether faultless silk hat—ana leading the quiet, unaffected life of an ordinary citizen in France, and particularly in his beloved Montelimar, the place of his birth, where lives his aged mother. There the frock coat is dustier than ever' and the hat almost ruffled. No escort; no etiquette. Emile Lonbet saunters through the cobbled streets, peers into the modest shops. If it rains the President goes about with a voluminous umbrella. If it pours, he seeks shelter in some archway. Recently some curio collector stifile the liasseident's umbrella, but was seen, arrested, Emile Loubet laughed; then asked that the robber should be released, and made him a present of the umbrella. And when his mother meets him at the station he embraces her affectionately; and on summer afternoons mother and son "take air" together. Perhaps he regrets past days when, in a less responsible position, he could more often visit Montaimar. Mme. Loubet cannot be induced to leave her quiet home for Paris; and Mme. Lonbet cried when Emile Loubet had to occupy the anxious, troubled post of President. Nevertheless, it must by no means be imagined that M. Loubet is lacking in true dignity, and it may safely be said that his welcome in Russia will be more genuinely cordial than that accorded to his more pompous predecessor, the late M. Pais Faure, who visited the dominions of the Czar in 1897. Russia itself, meanwhile, is in a very unsettled state, owing to famine amongst the 'peasantry and the riots of the students. In fact, from intelligence which has leaked through de- spite the rigorous censorship at present exercised, things appear to be in a very bad way, and serious trouble is said to be brewing. There seems to be a settled feeling of unrest amongst the Working classes, and the Government is showing its un- easiness by measures of peculiar severity, and the immediate outlook is anything but promising. One bright piece of news for the Russians has re- cently been made public property, and it may have a great political effect. It is announced that the Czarina is expecting an addition to her family of four daughters next September, and the great hope is that this time the Czar and the country will not be disappointed of a sim and heir—a hope that will be echoed throughout Europe.

Again the ever popular Military Tournament. is in full swing and will be until June sth, and its programme is as interesting as ever, despite the demands of the War upon the Army, and the reduced number of troops at present available. In fact, the War has unquestionably made the public interest in military matters keener than ever, and great business is being done at the Agricultural Hall in Islington, where, as usual,

-,..-. 5).).›.), - .1),>>.).14.,'J\ .) ,'- -..,-:< - -' • -.; ..7,.,, 4"..V : l '.- 7,*(t, i* .. ...,-._. ' ). , .!. ' f-:.• ^ , git.), ..._,..... ~,, . Lt* II" . - ..s-. '''' 1,--. I.!, v ...f . ...,-4.. -z-_ ,_.5.--; •..r Jr . . .7 • IV 0 4S4= ~‘ ~. .-0 . <!-:". A • -e• --Ac......:_--- 1:-:-.- -,- 'I - } Tz;•-%ckap- *4(rie P .....:, ' -r„.--- —I:-- ..?,),._. .. ...._ .....:._

===== 0002601_19020523_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SKETCHES AT THE MILITARY TOURNAMENT.

the tournament is being held. One of the chief attractions is a representative group of Indian Officers and Soldiers, who give displays of Indian tent-pegging and exhibitions of skill-at-arms at each performance. This contingent will remain in England over the Coronation festivities, and is quartered at Shorncliffe Camp. During the great final display, always the most interesting feature of the whole show, use is being made of our two recent wars in West Africa, and the public is being initiated into the mysteries of bush-fighting, as practised against the Ashanti i and the Aros by our native troops, officered by whites, while a large detachment of "Blue-jackets" are showing their proverbial handiness' in saving life in case of shipwreck, a skeleton vessel being provided with all necessary search-lights, rockets, and life-saving apparatus. There is also an "Historical Cavalry Bide" in which the numerous changes in the cavalry uniforms during the various periods of British history are illustrated by a large detachment of mounted troops. Displays ,of calalry manoeuvres are also being given,- with a special display and musical ride by the Horse Guards. The Imperial Yeomanry are well represented in the various competitions, and displays are being given by -the Army Gymnastic Staff and the N.C.O.'s under their instruction at the headquarters gymnasium at Aldershot. Altogether the Military• Tournament this year is particularly good, especialty considering the disabilities under which the orgallisera have been labouring.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural District Ccuncil was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, Mr Joshua Ball presiding. There were also present :—Dr Murray, Messrs T Halton, J W Knowles, W Houghton, Brosks, Mather, Forshaw, and Backhouse, with Meagre. J C Sutton (clerk), S Sutton (assistant 'clerk), F Kerfoot (inspector), B S Newcombe (sur- veyor) and H H Burnage (assistant surveyor).

FINANCIAL.

The 'CLERK rnported that there wae a balance of £1,575 6s 6d in favour of the eeneral account and £892 7s 4d in favour of the Burtonwood Sewerage Loan account.

80IITHWORTE.WITR-CROFT WATER SUFPLY.

The TOWN CLRFOI of Warrington wrote acknowledging the receipt of a letter from the clerk with reference to this matter and stating that it would be ilaid before.the next meeting of the Water Committee.

RE-APP3INTMENT OF MEDICAL OFFICER AND INSPECTOR.

AN INCREASE OF SALARY. Mr HALTON moved the re-appointment of Dr Sephton as Medical Officer of Health at the Isalary.of £ll5, for the year ending June 24th, 1903. Mr KNOWLES seconded and the motion was agreed to. _ _ .

Mr lieuroN then moved that Me Kerfoot- be re- appointed Inspector for the same periad, and that his salary be increased for the year from £l2O to £135. In answer to Mr Knowles the CLERK said that half ths cost of the increase would be borne by the County Council.

_ The motion was agreed to. TRH RIIRAL DISTRICT COUNCIL'S ASSOCIATION. THE EDUCATION BILL. The CLERK presented the following statement :—The Rural District Council's Association corresponds to the Poor Law Unions Association. Hitherto tho circum- stance of the Association being iu comparative infancy, and of your Council being represented at each Congress of the Royal Institute of Public Health and at meetings of the Sanitary Institute, Caused consideration of con- nection with the Rural District Counoils Association to stand over That Association is now large and success- ful and is of equal importance to Rural Councils as is the Poor Law Unions Association to Boards of Guardians. The Deputations Order enab!es your Council to appoint two councillors and the clerk as your representatives if the place of meeting of the association is within 50 miles, and one councillor and the clerk if over 50 miles. The Hon Secretary writes A general meeting will he held at the Westminster Palace Hotel en Wednesday, May 28, to be followed by a conference. Sir Edward Strachey, But., M.P., will preside. The matters to be discusred are of considerable moment to Rural District Councils, and it is very desirable that the conference should be as representative as possible. An agenda will be sent ia due course." A motion will be preposei That this Council join the Rural District Councils Association, and that the Council be represented by one member and the clerk at a general meeting of the association, to be held at the Westminster Palace Hotel, London, on Wednesday, May 28." The CLEBK informed the Council that the hon, secre- tary had written to him stating that among the sub- jects to be discussed at the meeting was the Education Bill,and it was thought desirable to ascertain the opinion of Rural Councils on the following points :—Whether the Council agreed to the additional expense incurred.it being suggested that the rate would be from 4i to 6d ; whether the Council thought the necessary funds or a portion of them should be provided by the Imperial Exchequer ; whether the Bill should be permissive or compulsory ; whether the Councils in districts with a population of 20,000 or even 10,000 should be allowed to become the educational authority ; and whether the Council should have a voice in the opinion of the Ethane- tion Committee. The Clerk was of the opinion that it would be advisable to defer taking action in the matter until after the meeting had been held. It was decided that the Chairman and Clerk should represent the Council at the meeting.

BURTONWOOD ITATSB SUPPLY.

The agreement with the Warrington Corporation which had been drawn up for the supply of water to Burtonwood upon the new arrangement of paying at the rate of five par cent upon the outlay, was submitted and annroved by the Council. Mr. FORSH&W said the agreement was very satisfac- tory, and very favourable to Buttonwood. He desired it to be known that the supply did not entail the im- position of a heavy rate on the parish, the charges for interest up to March 319 t having been very small.

SURVEYOR'S REPORT. From this report it appeared that durine the last month the sum expended in the district was £lBB 33 7d, made up as follows :—main roads, £29 63 10d; second- ary roads, £43 133 71; district roads, £72 141 4d ; improv.raents, £42 8s 10d. The r Tart was adopted. This was all the business.

Licensing Matters. At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday, before Alderman Monks and Councillor Smethurst, temporary authority was granted to Mr Arthur William Paul to sell at the Griffin Hotel, in lieu of Mrs Woolsteneroft ; and to Mr Ephraim Aultland, jun, to sell at the Causeway Hotel, ix lieu of Mr Paul.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held on Wednesday. Dr Patterson pre- sided, and there were also present —Mrs Clay, Rev Father Wilson, Messrs Brooks, A J Jolley, A Jolley, G Pilling, Mather, Raelshouse, Robinsoo, Billinge. Melton, J C Sutton (clerk), S Sutton (assistant clerk), F Gate (master), and A Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools). _

PADGATE SCHOOLS EDUCATION. UNFAVOURABLE REPORT.

The Cmtx intimated that H.M. Inspector had for- warded the following report in reference to the educa- tion of:children at Padgate Schools The upper et indards pas3ed a very fair examinatien. The arithmetic in Standard V is a weak point. Also there is a want of finish and exactitude in much of the work, especially the reading, which no doubt comes tram want of teaching power. Another teacher in the upper school is much needed. The lower standards passed a good examination, but here, too, it would be better if the three monitresses were repla,ed by a teacher. I was pleased with the boys' drill and the girls' needlework, and the industrial work generally is well carried on." I It was recommended, at a meeting of the Schools Committee, that £1 ba allowed the superintendent for the purchase of prizes for the children in connection ' with sports in celebration of the coronation. Mr A J Jolley was unanimously elected chairman and Mr Ash- croft vice-chairman.

The minutes ot the commit'ee were approved. MASTER'S REPORT.

A VALUABLE GIFT BY MRS AND MISS CROSFIELD.

The master reported that he had received the annual gift of flYwers from the Scholars of St Paul's Day Schools Mrs and Miss Orosfield, of Walton Lea, had presented a piano for the use of the hospital nurses,and the Wycliffe Junior Christian Endeavour Society a basket of eggs for the hospital patients. The CHAIRMAN said he thought the whole of the Board should pass a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs and Miss Crosfield for their very handsome present: (Hear,hear.) He begged t 3 move that the best thauks of the Board be given to Mrs and Miss Cresfield. Mr &nous soconJed, and the motion was carried with acclamation. THE CORONATION FESTIVITIES.

It was intimated that at a naeeting of the House Com- mittee Mr Brooks was unanimously re-elected chairman and Mr Pilling vice-chairman. It was resolved that the resignation of Nuts Watson b3accepted,also the resigna- tion of the porter and portress, who have received an appointment at Doncaster. It was further resolved that Nurse Alice Bray be promoted to the position of maternity charge nurse and Nurse Shmreonds to that of charge nurse, with increase of the latter's salary from £27 lOs to £3O. It was recommended that C G Funnell be appointed hospital porter, at a salary of £25, with the usual emolument,,and that Miss F M Willis be appointed seamstress and matron's assistant at a salary of £25, with the usual emoluments. It was resolved that the inmates and officers should be given a treat in celebration of the Coronation, and the master submitted his suggestions for carrying , 'be resolution into effect. The suggestions were that the inmates should be given for breakfast, coffee and bread and butter ; for dinner roast meat, potatoes, greens, fruit pies or plum pudding, raineral waters, ale and fruit ; for supper sweet cake and tea— extras to consist of tobacco and snuff. The recommen- dation of the master with regard to the officers' treat read on the agenda, "Birds, fruit and cake." It was

The CLERK intimated that he had received a letter from the Lora Government Board asking to be apprised of the result of the inquiet on the body of Elizabeth Alice Gou'den, aged two years, who did at the War- rington Workhouse. He bad replied stating that the jury had returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence, namely that the child had died from tubercular mengitie, and that as the result of a proiecu- tion on the part of the National Society for the Preven- tion of Cruelty to Children, the parents h-id been sent to gaol for ix months _for neeecting the

===== 0002601_19020523_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LATEST LANCASHIRE CURES. INTENSE SUFFERING A COMPLICATION OF FROM GASTRIC ULCER. TROUBLES. A Liverpool Woman Remarkably Manchester Woman's Recital of a Cured. Notable Cure.

Mrs. Sarah Ann Webster, a woman of forty-one years of rage, who resides at 508, Edge-lane, Liverpool, stated to a reporter that her troubles commenced three years:ago.

_ . "I was taken," she says, "with pains in ray stomach and across my body. I had to go about the kitchen stooping—l couldn't stand up straight. I was that way for months, and it is only through taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People that I am strong and well as you see me to-day. I first called in a doctor, who ordered me to bed, and I was in bed three days. It turned out to be ulceration of the coating of the stomach. I could not keep anything on my stomach. It all came back, and I was that weak through lack of nourishment that I couldn't lift my hand up to my mouth. Indeed, it would be difficult to exaggerate the suffering I :experienced, until by good fortune I learned the merits of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. The pain I suffered before I knew of them cannot be described. I was under the doctor until I was sick and tired of going, and I have a cupboard full of empty medicine bottles. They eased me for a tinge, you know, aid then I was as bad as ever. The disease, called in medical lan- guage gastric ulcer, arises out of neglected indigestion. Every time I ate anything I suffered in- tense pain until it came back, and then I would be as hungry as ever. But.in time even hunger deserted me for I became very weak and ill through lack Of suffi- cient nourishment, and did not feel like eating. Of course," Mrs Webster went on, " my weakness got I much greater, and, indeed, after a time I couldn't do nay little bit of work,and for three years this went on;it was perfectly miserable for me and everybody." " How did it stop ? Well, I'll tell you. One day, about six months ago, one of my sons read in the paper about a cure by Pr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. It referred to a person who had the same ail- ment as myself. My husband got a box, and after I had taken four pills I found great relief. I kept on,and I got altogether seven boxes of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, and the last box is only half empty. Dr Williams' Pink Pills acted in a marvellous way on my stomach. They seemed to heal the ulcerated coating, which formerly rejected all food, and as time went on I could take a stronger and stronger diet, without suffering those bad pains. They gave me a good appetite. I can now eat my food and enjoy it, the pain has gone entirely,and now I am as well as ever I was in my life."

At the very end of Upper Brook-street, and facing the park gates is Autumn-street, Manchester. It is the centre of an interesting chain of events which led a reporter to make special inquiries in Autumn-street itself.

No 9 proved to be the residence of Mrs Annie Laura Martin, wife of Mr Alfred Martin, a builder and con- tractor. The story told by Mrs Martin is as follows "About sixteen years ago I began to be very ill. I suffered from indigestion, rheumatism, and a weak heart. I had pains in the chest, and pains between the shoulder blades, and nothing did me good until, after I had been treated by the best doctors in Manchester, I fortunately heard of Dr Williams rink Pills for Pale People.

"My illness began with indigestion, as I have men- tioned. Heart disease developed afterwards. I also suffered greatly from enlargement of the liver." "How long were you under the treatment of the medical men ?"

"Up to about twelve months ago. I have taken more bottles of medicine than I can count, and pills and powders as well ; in fact, I have taken every kind of medicine, including patent medicines also. I ' used to have a splendid set of teeth, but they have gone, and I attribute their loss to the mercurial potions I have swallowed. If I had known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills earlier I should not have lost my teeth."

"You are looking very well now, Mrs. Martin. What were the circumstances that led up to this happy change ?" "It is a little over a year ago that a pamphlet with reference to Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People was thrust under my door. At the same time my attention was also arrested by reading an article in the "Man- chester Evening News "of the sufferings and cure of a person who had experienced the same dyspepsia and other rheumatic and heart troubles as myself, I showed the article to my husband, and said I had a good mind to try them. He said, Yes, get a box " Now, tall rrie of their effect, and exactly how you went on,"

"1 took six or seven boxes before I could say that I began to bi much better. After fifteen years' chronic suffering the improvement naturally was gradual. But it was also sure. At the time I started taking the pills, I was subject to great langour, lassitude swelling of the feet and hands, pains in the abdomen, and varicose veins. Life was a burden. I used to feel worse when I got up in a morning than when I went to bed at night. House- hold work was out of the question. All that sort of thing used to be done for me. The doctor had told me I had rheumatic gout in my hands. I had also pain in my side, which I used to think was pleurisy." "But tell me the effect of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Did you follow the instructions given in each box ?" "I followed the instructions as far as I could. By degrees I began to feel an improvement in my condition. I slept better, my appetite gradually increased, the 'varicose veins went down, and the pains and cramp which I had experienced, slowly ceased to trouble me. 'After the fifth box the feeling of numbness in the body left me, and I could feel myself getting stronger every ' day. Before I began to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I was a confirmed invalid Since then I have walked to Ancoats and back, to All Saints' Church, and even to Withington and Didsbury."

===== 0002601_19020523_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MS

PRICE 2S. gd. BUT THEY CURE, NOT

NARRINGION RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

ni.;?Ftrri,Ll \IN IL

..b ...=..—r. ~ ' ri, • i 0 • !IT* l'7 ° I) - F 0 RLS rti .t 44 • , -.. t/ i = - - ,„,,,,w,,,,,,„,„„,,„,•,.„, ,„,,/, , $ . A ',. , / ..t. ' 1-4;• i i IE4 / '// ED t ~,,, . t ......„ .

===== 0002601_19020523_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Monthly Meeting.

PURGE.

also recommended that the female lunatics thould have a drive in the country on Coronation Day. The recornmendwAons of the HOMO COMMittee were approved, on the motion of Mr. BLOOM. secmded by Mr. PILLING. THE SUSPICIOUS DEATH OF A CHILD.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MASTER AND MATRON APPOINTMENTS.

WARRINGTON. The Death Rate.

Extension of the Baths.

excellence.

_ The CLERK announced that the Local Government Board had written to tie effect that they had no objec- tion to the appointment of Mr and Mrs Gat gi 49 master and matron at the respective salaries of £IIS mad £BO per annum. UNSATISFACTORY VACCINATION,

The Curia also read a letter from the Local Govern- ment Board in which they complained of what bad, to use their own words, been grois neglect in regard to vaccination in the Sankey and Newton and the War- rington registration diPtricts. . . .

It was resolv,d that a copy of the letter should be forwarded to each of the two vaccination officers affec- ted, and that they should be requested te attend the next monthly meeting of the I3)ard of Guardians with a written explanation. PORTER AND FORTRESS.

Mr Brtoorcsopointed out that the porter and port/Tag terminated their duties nest Monday, and it was highly drsirab'e, to say the least, that the Board should have sonae couple to take their plan:, at the earliest possible mdmeat. About 60 double applications had been ricsived,and he suggested that a small committee should be appointed to a preliminary selection that morning, and that the £nal selection should be left to the House Committee. _ .

Mrs CL;ir seconded the suggestion, which was agreed to.

According to the Registrar General's official re- turns the following table shows the rate of mortality in Warrington and other Lancashire and Yorkshire towns last week : Death rate. Death rate. Stockport _...._ 180 Oldham .-... 19.0 St Helens ... 25.0 Burnley .-.- 180 Wigan .......... 26.0 Blackburn ._ 160 WARRINGTON. 18.0 Preston.-- 200 Bolton 23.0 Huddersfield.. 14.0 Bury ....__ 19 0 Halifax.......- 140 Manchester 24 0 8radf0rd......190 Salford ....-....- 22 0 Rochdale ....- 22.0

••••-••••- -- - The average for the 76 great towns was 173 per 1,000.

Mr Dolan, the contractor for the extension of theu Corporation Baths io. Legh-street, has this week made a start with the work. The extensions include the provision of about sixteen private or slipper baths; two vapour baths, and alterations to the second class bath so as to incrtase its size. Altera- tions will also be made to the old buildings fronting Legh-street. The scheme further includes the erec- tion of a manager's house, comprising two rooms below and two above with a frontage to Bath-street. A new entrance to the baths will also be provided in Bat h•street. The estimated cost of the extensions La £3,804.

- .-7_. -C-.-- ICC: ...--..... •tv---' -- '--- --- .. -,--- -- ..- -- . ..,...- C. IS , -....--..-. -,- - - •' '' ".... .7=-----:::-"N... 7..--4,..-...........,-- ' • Mr FIHRST •'. / -,2.-:,_ MESSiNA LEMONS • • are used In its mew- 101bilibilai 4 , , • • iAN , facture. V' s - You can neither make nor buy another beverage i‘t that tastes so good or quenches thirst so well. No ID Ili ! : other drink so healthful, so convenient, so Inexpen- 41 sive. A 4id. bottle makes 2 gallons. ) (A\• --.--_,..-_, Dr; A. B. GRIFFITHS, the famous Food Analyst, says: , "It Is Impossible to produce Lemonade of a higher ;Tl. Standard of • eV/ ) ±...__-- VII Its 0 111% ik t iti 19.11( i ----4---,--- W-,,, ofi, I/ / . - - 1 , ' -27 / qi,„4, 7 ~..... \ \ ,--,, „, i GALLONS \ 1-4-- 2 . . ...,.... ...„..,, ,_ ~., ___,....., • _•• , .____.....A , ,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f ,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt "C;arntner gtents

TIE ~ WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE ' Exlinium." published every Saturday morning. THE " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" " svnixEs ExAsurisa," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Adver-

===== 0002601_19020523_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
tisemente in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEfid.

WANTED% TO BE Len 18 WORDS 6D., ON SALES. } And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above eh? rges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

JOHN WALKER & (Jo. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

Dommtir gptrbantO, cu.

WANTED COOX-GBNERAL ; House-maid kept. wages £2o.—Write SALAMLN, The Thorns, Lower Bebington, Cheshire.

WANTED CoOK-GENESAL at once, no washing. god • • references required.—Mrs BWALLOW, Sutton Grange

St Helene.

WANTBD good MINERAL SBRVANT at once. reference. —Apply, MRS. KNIGHT, Droylsden Rectory, near Manchester.

WARVID a GIRL for Housework, good home, one lady. Address Idcs Glucose, 72, Warwick-street, tlulme, Manchester.

WANTISD, a good GellerAl SISHVANT ; country girl pre- ferred.—Apply,lltra. °BUNDY, Hallway Hotel.liindley Green, near Wigan,

WARTBD, GRIM AL for Dining ROOMS; age about 2); good home and wages ; references. —4B, DARE- STREET, Rochdale.

WANTED, a Young GIRL, as Housemaid-Waltress.— Address, Mrs CROCKWELL, Roorkee, Hornby-road, St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

V is..NIBIO Cltrong GIRL. 13, able to wash, family two V Write particulars—Mrs INGRA.M, 22, Shakespeare street, Manchester.

WANTED Experienced HOUSEMAID WAITRESS ;good references necessary.—Mrs, H. T. esfins, 33, West- cliffe-road, Birkdale.

WAOIJIIJ gooct bleneral outtVAll ; not under Z ; small family.—Apply Mrs Jottx CLEWORTH, 454, Warring- ton-road, Cnleheth, near Warriington.

AITANTED, GIRL, about 18, as GIiNBRAL in public; must be honest and respectable —Address DANE BAN% HOTEL, Denton, Illanctiester.

WASTED Good GENERAL who er wash and cook. Small family; wages £lB.—Apply Mrs HOYLE, Bramball Park. Cheadle Hulme, Stockport.

WANTED, Young GIRL. (strong, hesithy) as General another maid kept; no washing,—Apply Mrs LAMONT, Carnoustie, Forest-road. Southport.

WrANTEID, COOK-GENIMA.L, capable and willing ; little washing ; good home.—B., 98, WiLnasas3l- - Choriton-ctim-Elardy, Manchester.

-- WANTED, good GENERAL for public ; able to wash and do plain Cooking; another kept ; ref erence requi red. CHLLEN. Golden Linn, Ashton-in-Makerfield.

WANTBD respectable GIRL as General in smnil family ; Good hoe; reference required; age about 18 to 20. Apply to Mns KELLY. 214 County-road. Walton, Liverpool.

AVANTED every class of SERVANTS ; with good refer V I &Ices; suited free. Ladies 8c Servants promptly suited —GLOVER'S SELECT REGISTRY. Holly Terrace, Northwich.

WANTBD HOUSBMAID-WAITABSS, three in family, cook-general kept.—Address nirticulars, Mrs Sur- CUM, Maghull, Lancashire. (Seven miles from Liverpool.

LIXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a I].l moment's notice for all cases.—fipply NURSES braTzru- TION, 70, Hope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

WANTED good GENEStAL, must be able to do plain cooking, age about 22. no washing nurse also kept. good wages to suitable person.—Mrs ORITTON, Elmdon, Newton-lane, Chester.

/ ANTED. HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, for the first week V in July ; two other indoor servants kept ; first—class, (personal) reference rcquired.—Apply by letter, to Mrs GARTER, Eversley. Frodsham.

'bare.

TAMES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Establiebed 1875. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL,

LIVRRPOOL. ST lIIILONS and SOUTH LANOASHIRB RAILWAY CO.—Five £lO folly paid ordinary shares for sale ; best offer.—H PADFIELD, 30,Peroy-street Liverpool.

BLACKPOOL El BCTRIC TRAMWAYS (SOUTH) Limited, for sale a few 5i per cent cumalative prefer- ence sbares. Buyer will receive the accruing dividend,— Miss G.. Bliersbe 2, Birdburst-road, Croydon.

Vltanttb.

IVANTED —ERRAND BOY; aged 14.—" Ex iMINER OFFICE, Warrington.

A GICNT 4.—Penny goois. sample 3 dozen Is 6il ; gross 55. A.A. —NOVELTY CO., Bri,ain-street, Manchester.

NIOLESKINS BOUGHT, sound quality, state price Tiloarse, 3, Gnoll Park-road, Heath. S. Wales.

POSTAGE STAMP9.—Wanted very Old Collection or loose lot.—F. latax.x, Alexandra Pa-lt. Searborourb.

WANTS() Al' hi spdre time to sell the Lancashire Watch Company's Watches on easy terms.—J.D.B , 30,1 Countess-street, Heaviley, Stockport.

WAR MRDALS wanted.dated 18,13t£2 given ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Atbara. Matabele.Mashona,Fenian Raid, &c.—Major TOMBS, Droitwich.

WANTED.Particulars of Rood Homes for Guests,Boarders Invalids, Resident Patients ; care of children, also Apartments, Schools Ac.--L. TiraNzn.l63. Piccadiily,London

WANTRD GROOM, boy about 17; able to milk.—Apply tating ag experienee.referenees,and wages required, to 3. DAVIES, Tanyfron Villa,Aberayron: near Aberystwyth.

AGENTS, Local, and TRAVELLERS WANTSD, Books Whole or ,pare time. sample! free, educated men. Md weekly easily earned, no outlay.—W. C. RoLCH 8c Co,. Leeds.

AGENTS WANTED (Warrington and district), either whole or spire time, for an Investment Company ; salary and commission to snitable men.—Apply, 21 YORK BUILDINGS, Mosier-street, Manchester.

ACTIVE AGENTS, both ladies and gentl men, wanted on good cash commission terms, by the Key and season Ticket Insurance Registry, Limited. Al! p trticulars to be had by calling on or wriLing to MAIIAGEB, 13 King Willi am street, London. E.C.

SMART BUSINESS MAN WANTED.—Trustworthy, not afraid of work. Suit good salesman. Outdoor employ- ment. Liberal Commission. Splendid opening for energetic man wishing to improve his position.—Address buiT, " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

QAB 'TART INSPECTORSHIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessens now commencing for Manchester and other examinations ; pre- vious experience unnecessary; over 250 successful candidates; ladies eligible.—Apply ROBERT MU SHENS, Sanitary Science Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WEAK MAN

BUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method Is easy snd pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge.

N. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON. Over 3C years' continuous success

GYMNASTIC APPARATUS. MUTH FOR

LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON.

- -- 89, WI N DSO It STRg ET, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA FITTBD THOU4HoUT IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY.

ADVERTISE YOUR BUSINESS BY Tli.E LATEST AND MO RT UP-TO-DATE METHOD CONSULT THE NATIONAL ENGRAVING Co., EXPERT ILLUSTRATORS AND ADVERTIsISCi SPECIALISTS. HALF-TONE. WOOD KNGRAvusret, LINE, AND ELECTROTYPING.

--- -------. KNOLLR WORKS, 266 BURY NEW ROAD, MAnCHESTRII.

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner, places It before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to tte Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you ettBr known among tbsm, at a very small coat.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREET, iYARRIMTON.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020523_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

, .

===== 0002601_19020523_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
• "At ,!. •

ebuzation.

BWTON-LE - WILLOWS.—KIRKFIRLD BOARDING- -11 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

gPlotitss, tuOintsZeO, eft.

HAIRDRBsSING Umbrella and Fancy, Good BUiINBSS £5% Stock at valuation. Rent £2O —LIE ALEXIXDRA. 2:4, Derby-road, Bootle.

/lUTDOOII (good) ; corner position ; holder's ales. lease ki fixtures, stock and furniture, £l7O old.-113, Park- road, Hockley, Birmingham.

I.llOulS/t4 and (301,11ht.gl1OstliKe ttUelNhud. Stock Fixtures and Baking Utensils flood reasons for giving up.—Apply S J GRIFFITHS, 30, Albert-road, Widnes.

fAllifillgAL lIHMSALIST, eweeta, confectionery, cooked VI dinners, Ise., present tenant retiring ;no reasonablb offer refused.-324, ORDSALL-LANE, Salford, Manchester.

Zo ext.

910 BE LET HILL CREST, Latchford vacant 24th June.— Apply WOODS AND SON, solicitors, Warrington,

WO HOUSBS, six-horse Stable, with spacious Yard, to be Sold.—Apply 134, WINWICK-BOAD, Warrington.

SHOP ana Good 1401.1311, now newsagent. &c,, suit milliner, barber. &c.—Apply SZELLAND, 63a, Berney- street. Warrington.

TO LET, Mx roomed HOUSE with Rood cellars in a very 1_ central position in liarleStOWn.—Apply 101, MARKET- STREET, Earleatown.

BLAUKPOOL—HOUIS 10 lad', at valuation • 12 beds good on:lnaction ; close to Central Station and lea.— Apply 64, Coronation-et.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A sPECIALITY. MAMMOT IL POSTERs. LARGE TYPE. MAMMOTH POSTHRS. Pon MA doioTri POSTRIIS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTINS. Produced in the County. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTE A SPECIALITY.

I /

A RNSILDN.— To Let, Famished House. near the Pro 11. meaade.—Apply 22, WELLFIELD-ST., Rochdale.

S- - ST. AU/NUb r A eta at h ttl.--111103. HEPTIN- STALL. Bdale, 31, St alban'a-road, near Station.

LLANDUDNO—Comfortable APAUT .dENTS : dining and drawing room: near sea and golf links.-BoLLArin Heves

BLACKPOOL.--ComfortabIe,APARTMENTS, 12, Leopold- grove; overlookins Winter GP raens.—Mrs W. PUKING - TON. BlaCkpool.

Dirdng-rooms, 9, Market-street, good beds, use public room, liberal table; moderate terms' With or without board

ST, ANNIf -ON-114A.—Apattments, near etation, sea and golf links, goad cooking.—Mrs WISE, dmardon St. Annea-road, E.

CI,IIVBLRYS, POULTON-LII-FM:oll.—Near electric tram and sea; piano, bsth, w.c.- Bo3.—Mrs ALFRED M•RBDEN, Primrose Place.

ES 8 L XIIITT, 47, Horaby-road, BlackpJol, Near t.:ntral Station and sea, and alt plaoes of amusement Ho.uely Apartments. Plano.

LigURNI RED APAHTMBNTS, with most exquisite sea J 2 view and mountain scenery; piano, bath, w c.—Mrs. Ev.txs, Rose Hill Penmaenmawr, N.W.

DOUGLA.d.--sea Bank House, Woodvitle Terrsee,splendid sea view, Beds, Os per week, Tea, Bed, Breakfast, 3s private bitting room(' terms moderate.-31Ths SKELLY.

BL CKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board; situated near station and Bea ; trams pass door.—Mrs. FIITON, Crompton House, 128, Central-drive. Piano.

ORRNISHED 6 Roomed POTTAGE, with garden attached .1.7 at Ballavear,withln 15 minutes walk from Colby Hallway station—Mrs B GILL, Ballaoreggan,Port Soderic,lale of Man

BLAORPOOL.-COMFOBTABLE ArARTMENTS, close to station, and all amuoernents, terms 2s. ; bed and etendance. -Mrs. CLARICE. 31, Ribble-rd, off Central Drive.

-11111 LACKPOOL.--001EFORTABLE APARTMENTS, pleas- antly situated near Central Station and Sea, every convenience, Horne Comforta.—Ms, J. TomLuttiox, Hornby Road Blackpool.

111

===== 0002601_19020523_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TH EXAMINER, FRIDAY MAY 23 1902

salts Pribate Crew

TEIVENTION in MI:ITAL., much needed foe Brewers and others. sample 9cl. Offers for saIe.—MANSIOND, 22, Festing-road, Putney, London.

AUTOBIATICt SLOT MACHINS, taken for debt, unique chance for all classes of shopkeepers to make monef.— BURCHELL, 258, Hollowly-road, London.

ASTROLOGY.—Your Future Foretold, marriage, Sm., state birthtime, 13 stamps, stamped envelope. PROF. Bow— NESS (Desk 10. Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

EASY WHITING. " Peld " Fountain Pens, sale price is each free, thousands sold, Hots free.—P Elonasox, 23, St. John's-terrace, Leeds.

LA.DY'S handsome DREISS LkONGTH, rich black-corded Bengaline silk. 12 yards, sacrifice 255, cost double.— Mrs DAVIES, 10 Cambridge-road, London.

fIAH2t6AGE 'paid bib bundle good print PATCHWORK; V 2s Id. Beautiful Bilk or Plush 2atchwork7d and 134 a bag.—.ti LEVY, 48, Thomas-street, Manchester

-UCH DISPOSAG one Pair Carvers and one Steel in plush 12 ease with staghorn or ivorine handles,value its 6d, will take 6s 6d.—W BROWN, 133 Mach= Bank, Sheffield.

RUPTURE. Gentleman, cured himself, will send free particulars oi inexpensive self-curative treatment. Stamped address. —Box 72, 3 Earle-street, Carlisle. lami SAMPLE, Health Filter, pa tent clip, cannot blow I! off ; send 4 stamps, postage and particulars, of agency worth £2 weekIy.—HEALTH FILTER CO , Accrington.

lIRSfLAY FOOD, marvellous egg producing Poultry Spice, wonderful preventative of gapes in chickens, large tin le 31 free.—KANKIN AND BORLAND, Cilel3ll3LS, Kilmarnock.

rIHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITIINGS, every variety NJ Champion Rangea, Potato Peelers, Shop on Wheels HO- page List free.—MA.BBuTT.B, Polansatreet. 'Manchester

g 2_14.111/NN rairriNu. email mesh, lUh yards by 1 yard wide, 3s; by 2 yards wide, 6s; ar.d 8000 to any width; Carriage paid on all orders over bs. —From H J GASSoN, Garden Netting Works, Rye.

rIORRUCIATUD dlilinTo, from We 6d per Cvirt; Wasters kj 9a fd per twit; Ridging. Spouts, Oalvanised Tanks Cisterns. Steel Joists, Ciirdere, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork ; Felts, 3s 9d per roll --BUMMERHILL it Co., Beaver Works. Wolverhampton.

1,13 N " Non-Such " RAZOR, made from the finest Sheffield steel and the best workmanship, plain or hollow ground, lasts a lifetime and never require grinding. The most emay shaving instrument ever manufactured. Single Razor in case black 2s 6d, Ivoryeen 38 6d. Ivory ss. Pair in handsome leather case black Sc, Ivoryeen 10s, Ivory, 12s 6cl. Seven days set in splendid case black 248. Ivoryeen 28s, Ivory 345. Graduated belt or Cushion Strop, 24 6d. Also .51 piece Parcel" of Cutlery and Plate, Knives, Forks, Spoons and Carvers 255. Best value in Sheffield. Sent post free on receipt of Postal Order,—R, Q. CURB & Cc, 9, St James'- row, Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ItottlS,Vporos, zoatifing Ostabs. apartments ,farnfsbt) 311 ousts.

HARROGATE.—" St. Heliere," First-ohm BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT. Beat Faition in Harrogate.

I AXE DlSTRlCT.—Newlands Hotel, near Keswick. 14 Beautifully situated, good fishing, Whitsuntide terms very moderate.—Q-. BIRD, Proprietor.

rI)IIHATRICAL BOAUDING HOUSE to be Let; good I. accommodation; very central ; ingoing £B.-89 GAOSVENJB-tTBEET, Oxford-street, Manchester.

-

Col..*lrN BAY.—Comfortable Board Apartments.—Mßa WINTERS, Lillingtons Brekine-road.

GOOD EBBS for four Respectable bIIBN, without Board. 27. WINWICK-9TREET. Warrington.

ArliNTNOß.—bitting and one Bedroom, good attendance V 16s lacausive.—BuLL, Malbre-road.

DISRBYaH IitB.—FURNISHICD COTTAGB to let.—MlS HALLIWELL, Batmen Cottage, Baslow.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Superior APARTMDSTS ; close to sea, tram, goIf.—PILCHER, Itipley. Derbe-road.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
QT. is.NANo-ON-asA.—MRS H.EPWORT/1. 20, The Bridge. kJ Public or Private Apartinecite. Close toSea & Station.

QITTING-HOOkt and B4llutlOM or one or two gentle. A.) men; bath, ,ka.-41. FAILFIULD-ROAD, Stockton Heath.

SOUTHPORT. -Public and private apArtments, Pianos, theAltssEs SCHOFIELD AND nut+, Beach View, 32, Seabank-road,

UURNISHBD APARTIIRNTS to Ll, et 66, Ripon- J.: 6 treat, Roker, bunderlana. Teas provlaed tor parties and refreshments.

LACK POOL.—COSIFOHIABLE APARTMENTS. Mrs. 6CARLETT. 24. Dickson-rd ; 2 minutes from Talbot-rd Station and Sea. Plano.

LANDIJDNO.—HomeIy A PARTMBNTS. minute from Li pier ; public or private ; large double-bedded rooms.— GIRTON H OUSE, Modyn-etreet.

BLACKPOOL —Comtortable FURNISHND ROUSH TO LRT in CArshalton-road, Claremont Park North from June lat.—Apply 5. BOOTIIROYDEN.

Q cri.TTHPOIIT.- -Mrs GRISENHALGH, 38, Tulketh Street,near Chapel Street station ; home comforts ; piano ; day visitors accommodated; terms moderate. BLACKPOOL.—A.PARTMENTd, home comforts for visi- tors, Piano and bath. near Station and Pier.—MßS, MATTHEWS, 101, Church-etreet. South Shore.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs ATEINBO and beHOON, 38, Bairstow-street,Publio and Private Apartments ;Is each person ; boarders 4s ; one minute from sea ; piano.

TO BBL 1T 4 Roomed Fu—rniehed COTTA, or lodgings, 1 lovely view of Sea and Land, half-mile from Pantasaph Monastery. —Address, Mee JONES, Tailor Carmel, Ifolywell.

LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS ; Mrs. ALLDRED (late of 1) Atherton), Atherton House, 28. Pleasant-street, North Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

JOHN WALKER AND CO.. PRINTERS & BOOKBINDERS. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR

CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c

PR OGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. P ROGRAMMES FOE SOIREES. P R ()GRAMMES FOB CONCERTS.

TELEPHONE, 355 y.

L 4.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
les Vylv= Zrratp. VOA FCIKBTd different varieties home grown Flower Seeds is ld.—WEnics. Seedsman, Bromyard.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
BEMI AERATING NOZZLES ls. Excelsior Mantles 4d. Agents wanted.—S BOWEL Don-street, Jersey.

P °GRAPH, lbud, distinct with 9 assorted records 20s• 1 Blectric Bell 68 6,.—BATES, Bookham, Leacherhead.

CIGARS. postage paid from 5s 6d per 100. Lists free.— BREHaITT'EI CIGAR STORES, St. Sampson's, Guernsey.

SIMPLB CURB FOR STAMMERING, by the Rev B W BRYAN, Vicar of Charlton Adam, Somerset, price 3d.

FMMS. —32 Irish and Killarney Varieties, is 4d ; packed free.— Miss BEAMISH, Westwood, hosscartsery, (York.

NVIOORAT IN Lavender alts, beautifully mounted P.O.'s. Is 6d. —KYPIE, 58, Albion-road,Dalston, Londo

TABLE KNIVES, 6 fancy Forks, 6 Teaspooas, pair Tablespoons 23 kid Dorothy-road,Leicester.

WBAPONS.—Savage,Oriental,reasonable,prieee. List free Weapons bought•-oLnxes, 77 Brixton Hill,Londod.

OLICSKINS bought, sound quallty.—State quantity and ANI price to lltromaB,3 Knolipara-road,Neatb, bouth Wales

01111 E LADS IN NAVY BLUR ' and 15 other Popular New 1_ songs. Words and music. Post free, Is 3d.—PARBER, Bookseller, Reading.

WORKMAN'S nickel silver watches jewelled 4 holes, splendid timekeepers free 12s 6d.—Ro almost Hornby, Bedale, Yorks.

POR CHABIBIIR ati4AN for- 6ale one =null, pedals, 6 stops good One, £23.—VV. bHUTTLEWOBTH. Mill House, Altrluchace.

nA rum ADOuRSSS3 Illuminated In gold and A- colours. Prices from 21s upwards, framed complete.— KEEN, I, Claremont-square, London, PI.

CROCKERY.—Cheapest Rouse in the trade ; 400 articles, 325. Bcl. ; suitalue for beginners. Price lists free.— BENNETT, 25, Broom-street, tianley.

U6ME WOBK.—Glood earnings isy the quEckest and _ latest improved Harrison Patent Knitting Machines.— 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

DIIEUMATISM OURBD.—Dr Gordon's Indian Salve acts .1.11, like magic, instant relief, post 2s 6d.—E. HOWARD, 64 Great Percy-street, London. W.O,

pATCHWORK.—PareeI of Prints, Is 3d ; 15 Tapestries. Is 33 ; parcel of Crazy Silks, Is 3d. Carriage paid.— Ross, 24 llorton-road, Hackney, London.

FALSE TEETH, Jewellery, Gold. Silver BO UGHT ; utmost va.ue given ; parcels by post, cash per return. —S. FIELD & Co., 76, Ilarket-street, Birkenhead.

PATENT ALARM GUN, perfect protection against poach- ere, thieves, and fruit stealers ; price 7s 6d each, or sell protectlon.—V DAKIN, larappenhall, Warrington.

661:14 Aft-F11.51030 BPEVjS ti " bas won all premier 1 swards, numerous testimonials. Sufficient for' 63) eggs post free U.—MIDDLETON, Cedars, Dunstsble.

QTAMPS.-35 Good Varieties, 3d; 29 Queen Vietoria Colo. nials, ; Stamp Almanac. 3d; New Century Priced Catalogue, 61.—SMYTH STAMP Co, Boac,mbe, Hants.

Anritki AWAY (to advertise) for one month only, 500 WEINtiING MACHINES. carriage paid. Send Post- card for particulars —JARDIN, Market-street. Bury, Lancs.

VIStI —Finest assortment, no rubbish ; dressed for cook- ing ' 61b., 2s ;Btbs., 2s 6d ; 141 b., 3s 6d; carriage paid ;trade supplied.— B.A.YRAM & Co., Pontoon, Grimsby.

HO W TO CATCH MICE, flats, Beetles, Ac., without Traps or Poison.—Full printed instructions post free, penny stamp.—W RUDD, Bird specialist Norwich (mention paper).

CANCIIII CURB DISCOVER/M.—Write Tiromea PT C L, The Willows,l9 Oglander-road, East Dulwich, Loadon.Hopeless sufferers now recovering from my treatment

"LOWER SEEDS.-25 Packet, beautiful Hardy Annuals with Amateur's Quide and Catalogue, mast free Is.; agents wanted. Chrysanthemums, Early Flowering, from the open cuttings from 9d. dozen ; Rooted front ls. dozen ; carriage paid.—Htra, Florist, Rotherham.

101010C1E'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

JOHN EMSON AND Sus, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD,

BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOYIN MSON has been over 36 years with Robert Etarnett and Sons, and 2S years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADE/BESS :-19, THYNNR-STRIFIr T..

===== 0002601_19020523_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
eptits, Etc

BICYCLES offered In exchange for old stamps or coloured Agravin gs —ILNASTER'S,CYCLEDEPOT, Cambridge. CYCLES.--Save money and write for our little Book all about LANCBB CYCLBS, or you will live to regret It. —LANCER CYCLE Co., Coventry.

JOHN WALKER AND Co. COMMERCIAL AND GENERAL PRINTERS,

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS. ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. SPECIAL BOOKS MADE TO ORDER ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE CONSISTENT WITH SOUNDNESS. SPECIAL ATTENTION is given ta Urgent Orders, and much importance is attached to the faithful fulfilment of promises as to time.

4.(.1.""

===== 0002601_19020523_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19020523_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
&aim bp Citurtton.

eggs, Voulap, M. - I AYING HENS, from 2s. each, fowl houses cheap:— _LI EDMONDSON, Fearnhead, near Warrington. _

===== 0002601_19020523_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
florstot garriagro. Cur ,*tork, 3cr

hD Buff Orpington's ; Eggs 3s per doz. (ueer - A. tile replaced) ; Chickens from 6s per doz. Lis sent.-- NIGHTINGALE. Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

OHICKIINS all tee year round. Incubators, improved Hearson's pattern, copper tango, everything complete. 80 size £2 15s —KERFOOT. Market Place, LeiAIL Lancs.

DARRHIT'SLIBLI WEIBISLS for carriages, trap" 1J vans, etc. ; lowest prices ; enquiries invited ; lists fresh, —PALATINE WORKS, Heywood.

z t 5-2- ANDAUS LIGHT, Circular Brougham Hansoms, Indl* ''nbber Tyres, Dragonettes, Charabanes, Brakes. '-e with moveable heads; also Cab Proprietors "toa, bO, some equal new, great bargains, flatalogue free.—MensTorm, 24,13radfork -11. elf. Naga ; latest fa' -+v-four brake nebeiter:, -,rlg • F

===== 0002601_19020523_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEWEST AND MOST ELEGANT DESIGNS IN GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Mau, 22 51, (Guaranteed).

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

1)R. SCOTTS PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

R. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPETIT% CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS. CURE ALL DISORDERS OF TNB Br 00D, CURB LASSITUDE AND NRRVOUSNESS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepired only by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR BLAB, LONDON. W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

lIE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and .otTers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- -1- tag. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and e rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. rrHE Warrington and MII-Chothire Examiner, pub -1. (Jihad every Saturday morning. THE Barkstown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Ocl.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

MAY 23rd 1932.

FEDERATION AND PROTECTION.

Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S great speech at Birmingbam the other day covered many topics ; and, while 'we are all louking eagerly for some omen of peace it is natural that his remarks "TRANSCENDENT on South Africa should have POSSIBILITIES." excited the most eager atten- tion. He told us little— he is " hopeful but not sanguine" of peace—but he gave evidence of a very new spirit by repudiating unconditional surrender" in set terms, and launching forth into a really generous eulogy of the virtues of the Boers. All this was interest- log, so much so that it has somewhat over - , shadowed the peroration of the speech. But Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S plea for protection has more than a passing interest. This is a question that has a history. It was just about the time When Mr. CHAMBERLAIN ceased to be a Radical and became a Unionist that the middle classes of Birmingham and the Mid- ands generally publicly abandoned their fai th in 'Free Trade. It was a period of severe indus trial depression, and a Commission was busy investi- gating its causes. The Midlands had their own "I'lB4. The Midlands believe 0-hat "trade follows the flag," and in almost identical to rms the Chambers ef Commerce of Birmingham and Sheffield declared for some Imperial system of protection—a tariff wall round the Empire to keep • foreign products out, and Free Trade within it to assist the' circulation of their own wares in the Colonies. There the question slumbered for a a time, but the evolution of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN continued, until in 1895 he cast the last rags of his Liberalism aside, and joined L 3rd S4A.Lis-

1 . .suss's Cabinet. And then a year later, in m 1896, the man fro Birmit.gham—faithful ixouthpiece of the Midlands—went down to the Congress of the Chambers of Commerce in London and delivered his famous speech in

_ favour of an Imperial Customs Union. "The Empire," he said, " was commerce," and Imperial- ' ism meant for him the acquisition of new markets and the protection of the old. He wanted fedora- . tion on the basis of a preferential tariff. We were to tax foreign wheat, meat, and sugar, while we admitted the Colonial article free,and the Colonies in return, were to open their ports to our mann- faCtUreS and close them to those of our rivals. P e . tnoech fell somewhat flat, 'out Mr. CHAMBERLAIN s tot the man to drop his pat projects. He has used the war to encourage the sentiment of Imperial Unity. Every speech he has made in the last two years has been a veiled plea for Fedora. tion. Then came the Bread Tax, which threw Free Trade to the winds. In a month there is to be a 'conference of Colonial Premiers, which is to dis- cuss the possibility of an Imperial Customs Union, 4t1.4 both Canada and Australia have declared for Preferential trade. The Coronation is the psy- chological moment, and now Mr CHAMBERLAIN has raised his standard once more. He will not be without opposition, even from his own side. Lord SALISBURY has expressed his scepticism very clearly. Speaking to the Primrose League, he said: There aye very important men, men of great intellect And aut b°rltY.who think that the moment has come kr some leßialative action on our part which should federate our Colonieg. . . . The tendenCy • • • Of statesmen . is to think that beeause their own wretch.ed lives are confined to Some sixty or Reventy yeArs it is open fto them to torco an anticipation o the results which the natural play of forces will bring before us. ut opposition is the salt of life to Mr. CHAMBER- -1.141N. He has appealed from Lord SALISBURY to country. "Lab us raise our thoughts," he !aid at Birmingham, "to the transcendent possi- tilities of a federation of the British race." It is

4 highly exciting and piquant situation.

IT is not difficult to understand what is the 1113tive for haste in Mr. CLIAMBEkLAIN'S mind. l'he masterful, vigorous man is no longer young. Lord SALISBURY'S rather morivn FOR bitter reading of his case is HASTE. probably true. He is that most dangerous type of fire- brand, an old man in a hurry. Lord SALISBURY Iltaticis in his path, perhaps, but how long will the W.eary veteran retain the Premiership if a declara- tion of peace should crown his labours at the 3ronatiol. Moreover, the lesson of Bury makes lt clear that the country will not tolerate a return ta Protection merely to bring in a small sum to the areverme,while conferring another dole on the lan- revenue. A slow and insidious undermining of 'reeTrade would-not be easylThe only chance is to

excite the imagination of the country by a grandi- ose dream of a united Empire, to point to Federa- tion as the goal, and induce us to accept an Imperial Preferential Tariff as its necessary con- dition. Then, too, there is always the class which is ready to take alarm at foreign bounties and American trusts. It is to both of these considera- tions that Mr CHAMBERLAIN appealed at Birmingham: It is quite impossible that these new methods of competition can be met by adherence to old and aatiquated methscis. If by adherence to economic pedantry, to old shibbol,ths, we are to lose oppor- tunities of closer union which are offered us by our colonies . . . if we do not take every chance in our power to keep Britiah trade in BriLish hands, we shall deserve the disasters whieh will infallibly come upon us. Free Trade, in short, is a " fly-blown phylactery," Imperial Federation a" transcendent possibility.' FORTUNATELY the Bread Tax has come in time to give the working classes some little foretaste of what',Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S scheme would mean. Ti; Bread Tax is levied at AN ECONOMIC present on all wheat,grain,aLd RsvourrioN, flour which comes from over-

seas. If we were to exempt Canadian wheat we should have to raise the duty considerably, in order to obtain even the same small revenue. That would send up the price of the quartern loaf, not one halfpenny, but at least a penny, and probably more. We have had a tax on sugar for a year past. If we were to exempt the West Indian article, that tax also would have to be raised, and with it the retail price. Austra- lian meat would claim Protection at the expense of Argentine, and doubtless we should have to Ipay more for ham, butter, and cheese. But that is not all. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN poiuts to the hostility of our rivals. Would an attempt to ex- clude their produce and their manufactures mollify their suspicions of us ? On the contrary, they would at once reply by tariffs which would exclude our manufactures from the United States and the Continent. We might gain the whole trade of the Colonies, bac that would not compen- sate us for the loss of our exports to a single Con- tinental State. To withdraw from competition with the rest of the world, moreover, would be to confess our decadence and to take refuge behind a sort of Chinese wall. It would exaggerate all the defects of insularity and lack of adaptability from which our trade suffers at present. It would spell decay and poverty, economic revolution, and not improbably war. The scheme has only to be understood to be defeated.

Lord Rosebery, who, as Mr. Chamberlain says, "has become a Liberal-Unionist," has written a rather remarkable preface to his recent speeches. In it he repudiates Home Rule not merely for reasons of expediency,but apparently on principle. But he goes mach further. He assures us that he never was a convinced Home Ruler. He quotes a speech which he delivered in 1885, in which he said that the oily solution for Ireland was to treat her like the rest of the country, and to bestow our •system of local government upon her. That, he says was still his real opinion in 1886 when he fol- lowed Mr. Gladstone, and again in 1893. It is his opinion now. The Unionists, he admits, adopted his solution when they established County Coun- cils in Ireland. And yet for fifteen years Lord Rosebery supported the Homo Rule Party and opposed the Unionists with whom he agreed in secret. It is a rather painful confession of levity and insincerity. It is to be hoped that every trade-unionist in the country will note the fate in the House of Commons of an attempt to deal with the situation created by the Taff Vale decision. A motion to the effect that legislation was required "to pre- vent workmen being placed by judge-made law in a position inferior to that intended by Parliament in 1875" was strenuously opposed by the Govern- ment, and defeated by a majority—a remarkably small majority however—of Unionist members. It was clearly the intention of Parliament in 1875 to exempt Trades Unions from the consequences' which would follow if they could sue or be sued at law. A generation later that intention is over- ridden by a judge's ruling. The result is to place the whole future of trade unionisni in jeopardy, and to place workmen's combinations in a position much inferior to masters' organisations. No Union caniisk a strike now without staking all its funds, even its sick and benefit funds,since all it posseses can be made liable for the loss to the employer that is inevitable in a labour war. Masters may combine without such risks. Then again the law of picketing is in a state of hopeless muddle. Sir H Campbell-Bannerman espoused the trade- unionist cause, and it is satisfactory to note that Mr. Asquith and Mr Haldane supported him warmly.

A report such as has been issued by the War- rington Football Club speaks well for the manage- ment during the season just concluded. Not only has a profit been made, but the assets have been considerably increased, notwithstanding the ex- pensive nature of the engagements under the new Northern League which the first team had to fulfil The position of the Club is, indeed, in marked Icontrast to that of similar Northern Union organ- sations. With very few exceptions the, premier. clubs have lost money on the season's working, rand all of them find it a most difficult matter to hold their own in the beat football company. Even the champions, Broughton Rangers—the holders of three cups—are compelled to show a debit balance, while Oldham the opulent have lost £7OO. The members of the Warrington Club have, therefore,good reason to feel satisfied with the way the club has been managed, and equal cause for self congratulation on their membership of such an organization. With the finances in such a healthy condition there is a bright prospect before the Warrington FC. It is money that makes the mare go, and vulgar d is as neces- sary for the maintenance of supremacy in the field of sport as anywhere else.

Those who wore beginning to forget the arbitrary action of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners against a Warrington carpenter will be reminded of the matter by the defensive state- ment read at the Trades Council meeting, and, we imagine, their conviction that justice was done at the assizes will be strengthened thereby. The report issued by the General Secretary of the Society endeavours to acquit the Society of doing the wrong thing by stating the case of the injured workman in the worst light possible. We do not argue for a moment that he acted in the most honourable manner towards the Union or that he did not. Such a question is beside the point. What the action'at the Assizes proved was that the Society had shown a certain amount of vindictive- ness in presenting the plaintiff obtaining employ- ment, and for the pecuniary injury thus done him they have had to pay £lOO damages. There is the same evidence of a desire on the part of the society to punish the individual manifest in the report alluded to, and though there may have been some justification for this feeling there was none for the course • taken. Trades Unions have done incalculable good to the cause of labour, but they must not forget that it is theit dusty to serve the needy rather than to punish those who offend against their rules, by inflicting damage which an assize jury has to be asked to assess.

Arpley Lawn Tennis Club V. Warrington. These teams met for the first time on the War- rington ground on Tuesday last and the mate.`.l ended in a win for the Arpley Club by 6 events to 4, 10 sets to 9, and 89 games to 77. NEW PRINTS AND SWAINS. New Silks, Trimmings and Lace Collars, New Lace and Kid Gloves. .• Beautit ul Variety,"—W. T. Williams 74, SANKEY-STREET AND 1, Lsos- STREET, Warrlngton.—Advt. ASK for CUNNINCkHAM'S II 1411-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

This, gentle reader, is regarded, in some of our C.llonies at least, as" Vic iziria Day"; our late Queen of blessed memory having been born on the 241 of May,lBl9. All British subjects will be delighted to know that the anniversary of Queen Victoria is being spontaneously observed in every part of the Empire. It would, of course, be easy for the King to proclaim May 24th as a public holiday, end it would then be so regarded; but it is more gratify- ing to find that without any such intimation the day is kept in honour of the good Queen who reigned so long over the British Empire. The Canadian Parliament has already made May 241 a legal holiday, and in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the event is officially celebrated under the title of " Empire Day." The attempt to create an " Em- pire Day " at home has hitherto failed ; not be- cause there is no desire for it but because the date fixed by the Bill introduced for that pur • pose was deemed impracticable, The Natal Government has proclaimed the 24th of May a day of thanksgiving to commemorate the reign of Queen Victoria, and in the capital of Jamaica, of which we now hear so much, both the white and coloured population unite in the celebration. There is in this country a very prevalent feeling that in mem- ory of the late Queen May 24th should be marked by some special ceremony, or by a holiday through- out the whole of the Empire. But there should be complete unanimity as to the day to be chosen, and at present one has seen nothing to suggest that an Imperial holiday would not be welcomed by all the subjects of the King, though the fact that Whitsun- tide falls so near May 24th may be regarded in some quarters as an obstacle to the proposal. As the Americans have an Independence Day, however, Canada has a Dominion Day, and as Australia may soon have a Federation Day, so it is hoped that the British in all parts of the world will have a national holiday; and perhaps, after all, no more felicitous date could te chosen than the date on which our late Sovereign was born.

The good which Royalty may do is illustrated in connection with the Welsh Industries Exhibition at Grosvenor *House. The Exhibition has proved a great attraction, it appears, owing to the visit of the Princess of Wales, who evinces a keen interest in all such movements, and made purchases at every stall. Apparently the present undertakine has been a decided succesq, and the patronage it has received from fashionable and wealthy men and wlmen in the metropolis will serve to populari-e it still further. All parts of the Principality have had a share in the work of the exhibition, and the completeness of the arraneemenis is said to refl-ct the highest credit upon the organising capacity of the ladies and gentlemen who have hal the affair in hand. The promoters of the work are now look- in u forward with much hopefulnesss to the forth- coming exhibition at Liverpool. Of course, the more publicity is given tn the work of the Associa- tion which has this business under its control, the more interestlin it will be manifested by the work- ing classes themselves, for whose benefit the move- ment was originally conceived and inaugurated.

The invitation card for the Coronation received by the Lord Mayors and the Mayors of provincial cities and boroughs is a very artistic production. At the top of the card are the words " Coronation of their Majesties King Edward VI! and (been Alex- andra." The Royal Arms occupy the top co.rirs, with the letters respectively "ER "and "A R." The letterpress of the invitation reads :—"By command of the King, the Earl-Marshal is directed to invite Mr --, the Mayor of --- to be present at the Abbey Church of Westminster on the 20th day of June, 1902. Norfolk, Earl-Marshal." The card has an ornamental border beautifully executed, and is printed in a warm brown tint. The artist's name appears in a corner—Mr G W Eve. In the border the principal features are the Stuart crown, and the rose, shamrock, and thistle. Accompanying the card is a circular, stating that the card for admis- sion ta the Abbey, which is not transferable to anyone, with the carriage ticket and printed instructions, will be sent in due course. For the Mayoress there is a separate invitation.

In some provincial towns the magistrates are so mindful of the future well-being of Youthful Offen- ders that when there is occasion for a remand tbey send them to the Workhouse there to spend the interval in a way that will not familiarise novices in crime with the interior :A the local prison-house. Whether there is a great deal to choose between the Workhouse and the lock-up may be a matter of opinion, but the magistrates mean well, and it is not their fault that some arrangement more nearly approaching the ideal is not provide I by Some other authority. The object of a remand is so;nei,imes to prevent a con viction. In a certain city, which it is needless to mention, the magistrates communicated with the General Purposes Committee of the Corporation in the hope that something might be done in this direction, and while the members of the committee sympathised with the boys and the object in view, their sympathy was not such as to move them to make any recommendation to the Council. Sym- pathy in such cases is often but skin deep, and disappears altogether where its possible effects upon the pocket are concerned. Still there may ' be local authorities with hearts in the right place, and it is to these that those who really care for the future of youthful offenders must look for ion- sideration of a practical kind. The matter is worthy of the attention of private philanthropists, as well as of I,lcal representatives on oublio bodies and is one that has already been too long neglected.

The celebration of the Edwardian Millenary at Kingston-on-Thames on Saturday possesses a pecu- liar appropriateness during the present year. Edward the Elder was crowned at Kingston one thousand years ago, and it is profitable to make even an attempt to span the great gulf of history that intervenes between that more or less primitive ceremonial and that of which Elward VII will be the central figure next month. As the Bishop of Rochester remarked, it is a striking thought that at Kingston, Englishmen were present at the Coronation of an English King a thousand years ago,and that this monarch ascended the throne with the goodwill of the people just as King Edwivd VII. will do a few weeks hence. In 902 as in 1902 the King took up the inheritance bequeathed to him from a noble reign, and then as now monarchy was the emblem and headship of an extending domain and consolidating power. But the heritage of Edward VII. is vastly greater than that which fall to the custolianship of the Anglo- Saxon King. To-day King Edward is also an Emperor, holding sway over one of the mightiest empires the world has ever seen. It is a feature of the memorial unveiled at Kingston on Saturday, which took the form of a rich stained glass window in the Council Chamber. that it shows the arms of King Edward VII. and those of Edward the elder, surrounded by the arms of six other Saxon kings who were crowned in the same town.

Holiday-keepers should feel much obliged to that admirable newspaper, the "Times," for seeking to prove that the weather recently experienced is not at all unusual, but, in fact, quite seasonable. Yet there are those who find it difficult to believe the statement. Cold in May we know is not unusual. " Lingering winter chilled the lap of May" in Shakespeare's time, and baron. that. But week after week of wintry winds and sharp night frosts to within a month of Midsummer must assuredly be a violation of precedeat. Whitsuntide is usually a warm weather festival, but this year it found us endeavouring to take comfort in the prospect of the winds becoming a trifle less bitter and severe than they had already been. Whether the prospect has been realised may well be doubted. Never did pro- vincial cricket open the season with so dismal a record of drawn and abandoned matches, watched during their chequered and uneven course by gloomy and shivering spectators. Possibly the summer may be saviog up its agreeable weather "surprises " and heat for the C)ronation, but, be that as it may, the spring of 1902 has established a reputation which we can only hope may long remain unequalled.

Whitsuntide has by no means passed unshadowed in other ways. The festive season has been signal- ised, indeed, by two serious accidents within the Kingdom, and very untoward events abroad, The scene of one accident was in the neighbourhood of the incomparable Lakes of Killarney, where, by a boating mishap thirteen lives were lost ; and the other was near Kilmarnock in Scotland, where a well-laden railway train was derailed and much injury inflicted on passengers, but,happily with no of life. Then the minds of stay-st-bome folks have been upset by reading of a terrible di.zaster in the Gulf of Mexico, and of hay.,c played in the Karachi country by a fierce hurricane which swept away no less than forty miles of the Scinde Rail way.

1

===== 0002601_19020523_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
7, '

'

INA

r , • 11"Vaikl•

===== 0002601_19020523_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRU )AY MAY 23, 1902

===== 0002601_19020523_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ROL/NTT RATE.

Mr Reginald Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County Coun- cil, wrote intimating that for the ensuing sir months the county rate would be 211 in the £, the general police rate ji in the £, and the iecal police rate for Runcorn Union id in the £.

The ulerk said these rates were similar to last half- year. (Hear, hcar.)

ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

The L3cal Governinent ft)Ard sanctioned the payment of £lOO to the Clerk for his services to the assessment Committee during the past year.

AN ORDER. • The Clerk submitted an order from the Local Govern- ment Board showing that the sum ot £3l 13s 21 was due to the Guardian,' from the Cheshire County Council, in substitution fcr the local grants towards the remunera- tion of teachers in poor law schoals,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
VACCINATION.

The Rugby Union requested the Runcorn Union to present to the Local Government Beard a memorial stating that the present system of re-vaccination entailed unnecessary expense, and that there was no reason why persona desiring re-vaccination at the public expense should not attend at the surgeries of he public vaccinati-rs, or at some other appointed place, or them- selves defray the cost of the public vaccinator's journeys to their own hoe. Many persons sought re-vaccina- tion by the public vaccinator, not to avoid personal expense, but in order to secure the performance of the operation with lymph supplied by. the Board. The memorialists therefore prayed that the Bard would issue an ceder providing that the fees payable out of the rates for re-vaccination at the homes of the persons vaccinated shall be the same as those for re-vaccination elsewhere than at such homes, and that the public vaccinators shall be entitled to fees for their visits from the persons re-vaccinated at their own homes ; and further that the lila ril would undertake the gratuitous i supply of lymph for primary and secondary vaccinations by private medical practitioners. It was unanimously resolved, on the motion of Mr. Woodward seconded by Mr Ant wise and supported by Dr Gastaldi, to forward a similar memorial to the Local . Government Board.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
CORONATION FESTIVITIES.

Zr Williams submitted the report of the House Com. mittee, who submitted a pregraainie of coronation festivities for the inmates on June 26th, the cost to be defrayed from the common fund of the Union. he day would cotnmenee with a breakfast of tea and coffee bread and butter and marmalade, afterwards, a short service in the chapel, concluding with " God save the King." At 10 a distribution to the children of medals (kindly promised by Mr S Taylor of Runcorn), of tobacco to the men and tea, sugar and snuff to the women. Dinner at 2 o'clock consisting of roast beef and potatoes, fruit pies, rice and tapioca puddings, fresh fruits, with a pint of the best beer for each adult and home made lemonade for the children. Afterwards sports and games in a field, races for prizes, and distri- bution of sweets and nuts for the children. Al 6 o'clock tea of bread and butter, rich currant cake, jam and salad. At dusk fireworks in the croft, the cost not to exceed £3 31. Final disfribtation of bun and oranzes to each person and the singing of "God save the King."

Mr Clarke I object Co tlio beer. Mr T Wright plinted out Lhat it had already been decided to give each prra3n in receipt of out-door relief double pay for Coronation week. The programme was adopted.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL D!STRICT

COUNCIL.

The fortnightly nveting of this Council was held on Tuesday, Mr J Knowles presided and there were present —Messrs S Woodward (vice chairman), Admiral Jones Parry, T Wright, W Turner, J M Williams, P Gleave, C Royknee, J Bolshaw, G Pilling, R Mawdsley, E Clarke, Wl3 Bradford, T Antwiss, J Stokes, C E Linaker, T Darlington, A Greenway, R IFllington, A Eaton, J E i wards, G F Ashton (clerk), W E Hough (depu•y chrk), Dr Adams (medical officer), niggle and Swinton (surveyors) and J Farrington (sani;ary inspector).

===== 0002601_19020523_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ST:TETON HEATH STREETS.

Mr Noel Kershaw secretary to the Local Government Board, %rot e uncFr dite 9.1] May giving formal sanc- tion to rhe borrowing by the Rural Council of the surn of £1,256 for private street improvement works at Stockton Heath,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ISOLATION HOSPITAL QUESTION.

Mr Reginald Potts, clerk to toe Clieshire County Council, wroto under date 15th May intimsting that he had been instructed by the Isolation Hospital sub- Committee to urge the Rural Council to proceed as quickly as possible to provide adequate hospital ac- commodation for the district otherwise the County Council would provide such accommodation. 1 The Local Government Board wrote acknowledging the receipt of the Council's letter of the 24th ult. apply- ing on behalt of the Runcorn Rural District Council for sanction to a loan for tee purchase of a hospital site, and asking to be furnished with the plans and informa- tion indicated in sub-sections 3,4, 6,7, and 8 of section Bof the enclosed memorandum. The clerk said he had replied to Mr Potts stating what steps the Council were taking in regard to the hospital accommodation.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
POLLUTION OF STREAMS-A THREAT.

Mr Reginald Potts, clerk to the Caeshire County Council,writing on the 15:h May, intimated that he had been directed by the Rivers Pollution Committee to in- form the /I.iral Council that act;on must be taken by them to stnp the pollution complained of by the County Medical Officer otherwise the Committee would recom- mend the County Council to sanction proceedings being taken against them. The Clerk said notices bad been served in regard to Kingsley Brook and as to Halton Brook the local Parochial Committee would have the subject before them at the next meeting. He had informed Mr Potts of these facts.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND NORTHWICII_LIGIIT RAILWAY._

Mr Alan D Erskine, secretary Light Railway Corn- miasion London,S.W.,wrote intimating that the Commis- sioners proposed to make an order in the terms of the draft enclosed authorising the above named light rail- ways, and poiating out that should the Rural District Council desire to submit any observations upon that draft before it was finally settled the Commissioners would consider the same provided that they reached them on or before the 22nd May. On the motion of Mr Pilling it was resolved to request the Railway Commissioners to make the road through Stockton Reath 50 fcet wide instead of 45 feet as pro- posed.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDIJC&TION BILL.

A. circular was received from the Rural District Councils' Association asking the following questions in order to elicit the opinion of the Runcorn Council in common with other COUTICif3 :—" Whether your Council approve of the additional ()spew that will be incurred in maintaining the voluntary schools being thrown upon the rates. It is uncertain what the expense will be but it has been suggested that the rate will probably be from 41 to 61 ; or whether your Council think that the necessary funds should be provided by the Imperial exchequer; (2) Whether you think that the Bill should remain permissive or whether it should be made com- pulsory ; (3) Whether you think that Rural District Councils with a population of, say, over twenty or even ten thousand should be allowed to become the education authority themselves ; (4) Whether you think that Rural Councils should hove a voice in the appointment of the Education Committee. On the motion of Mr Wrignt,seconded by Mr Williams the following members were appointed a special com- mittee to consider and answer the questions prepounded: —Messrs Chadwick,Clark,Woodwsrd,Linsker, Williams, Wright, Pilling, Darlington, Balshaw, Roylance, Stokes and Mclntyre.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAINTS FROM NO RTRW [CIL

Mr A Fletcher, clerk to the Northwich Roral District Council. wrote under date May 13m, stating that at a meeting of that body held on Friday attention was drawn by the Medical Officer of Health to the fact that sewage from the Runcorn Rural Council's district was allowed to enter the brook at Crowton known as Stoney brook. This brook was used by the cottagers in Crowton for slopping and general purposes about the house, and it was exaemely important that it should be kept free from sewage pcllutlon. The Northwich authority was quite certain that the Run- corn Rural Council would rmder assistance by taking care that all cause of complaint was removed. The attention of the Council tad been called to it in conse- quence of a case of typhoid fever at a cottage where the water was used.

Inspector Farrington was instructed to inspect the stream and report.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THELNS'LLL MATTERS,.

Mr W B Cook, e-lWrii-tt-i-6;e Thetwill Parish Council, wrote informing the Couacil that through some mil- understanding the water rnaing had not been laid to the vicarage. Would the Council arrange with the Corpora- tion for the work to be done

_ The Surveyor w s instructed to interview the engineer of the Warrington Corporation Waterworks on the sub- ject. Mr Cook also wrote under date 13th May, at the request of the Chairman of the Parish Council, drawing attentim to the state of the road from Thetwall Station to Wa3te-lane. Owing tl the illness of the roadman the road bad not been properly scavenged for a long time, and it was now eo bad and slippery that the farmers had great difficulty in getting their horses and carts up the hill. They would be glad if the Council would kindly request the Surveyor to see that the road was attended to. Mr S Rintou said be had already dealt with this matter.

OFFENSIVE TRADES.

Admiral Jones-Parry, in accordance with notice of motion, moved " That the Inspector of Nuisances be instructed to prepare a list ef the premises within the Rural District of Runcorn on which the offensive trade or trades is or are carried on with respect to which

bye-laws for the regulation thereof have been made by the Rural Council and that he be instructed to submit a report at the end of each quarter Mewing what visits had been made by him dom., the quarter to premises of the description referred to and as to the manner in which the bye-laws are observed."

- The motion was seconded toy Mr Roylance and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DEATH OF A WIDNES WORKS MANAGER.

We regret to announce the death, which took place at 945 at Tuesday night, of Mr Thomas Glover, for many years works' manager at Messrs Mont Liddell's Works, Hutchinson-street, Widnes,at the residence of Mr .4 W Knowles,lThe Towers, Middleton, near Warrington. Deceased has had a very serious illness, extending over several months

===== 0002601_19020523_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE PUBI:IC LIBRARY.

At a meeting of the Free Library Committee, Mrs Jones, librarian, replrted that during the month of April,when the library Wd4 open 21 days, the issues were :—Theology, 35 ; philosophy, S ; science, 80 ; history, &c., 123 ; poetry, LI ; fi:tioo, 1,884 ; mis- cellaneous, 223 ; French literature, 3 : music, 22 reference works, 69 ; total 2,458; an increase of 546 in the lending department, and ot 43 in the reference department as compared with last year. —The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
" NOBBY "'NOBBLED AGAIN.

Henry Caok, alias " Nobby," made his fourth appearance at Runcorn Court this year, and his 28th in all, on Wednesday marniug tie pleaded guilty to the usual charge of drunk and disorderly and P C Bawyer having described tie circumstances the pri.oner was ;,entenced to a mon,h's hard labour Stews F J Norman and E Inaison were the magistrates. A DRUNKEN TAILOn.

At the Runcorn Police Court, on aturday, before E Imison, James Gallaher, a tailor, was charged with being drank and incapable on the previous day. P C Gregory stated that he found the prisoner in a drunken and incapablecondition near the foun- tain in Bridge-street. lie thought it best for his safety to lock Lim up. It was stated that prisoner had been employed by a local tailor Prisoner said he goti" a little drop too inuth." Fined ss, or, in default, seven days' hard labour. _____ . _

BLAUKPOOL SIMMER CAMP. commencing June. at Kirkham' Farm.—B eakfast. Dinner Tea and ;lupper every day for a week and a good o.mp be] for 15s ; week-end 6s 6d. —Apply H W URIFFIN. Secretary, 153. Islington, Liverpool —Advt. RUNCORN HOMING SOCIETY.

Runcorn Homing Society had their first old bird race from Wellington on Saturday. Liberated by Mr Ashton, the Liverpool and District Federation conveyor, at 12.45. Wind, wee. :—Shaw and Son, 1,442 Dunbavin 1,430, Shaw and Son 1,391, Dan- bavia 1380, Marshall 1,368, Killcro.+B 1,355 (2), Dyer 1,344,8 haw and Son 1,322, Dixon and Cobb 1,311,Lee 1,310, Dyer 1,303, Mar Alan 1,240, Dean 1,237, (2), Clucas 1,190, Lee 1,162 (2). Hopiey Brothers 1,158, Hughes 1,157, !lowan' 1,157, Bayley Brothers 1,154 (2), Edwards 1,131, Eiwards 997 —Shaw and Son win Mr Timperley's special oair of Fqueakers.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
EFIE' FT FROM A WIDNES 60TEL.

Before Messrs T Cooke, T 11 Thomas, and T S Timmis, at Widnes, on Thursday, George Wills, a stranger, was charged with stealing 20s from the bar ot the Arch Hotel, on the 14th inst., the money of W Machin. Superintendent Keighley stated that prisoner came into the bar, and asked for a pint of beer, offering a penny, and was refused. Shortly afterwards the landlord turned to go into the tap- room, when Wills snatched up a packet containing 20s. Chase was given, and prisoner caught three hundred yards away, and given into custody of Police-constable Dickson. Upon being charged, he said . "I had to do it." A list of convictions in other towns was recorded, and the bench seat him to prison for three months. RUNCORN WOMAN'S ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.

Northwich. on Moaday, Annie Richards. aged fifty-two, a native of Runcorn, married woman, living apart from her husband, was charged with attempting to commit suicide. The evidence showed that on Saturday afternoon two men named Nutter and Lloyd found her lying unconscious face downwards in the brook behind Nortn wich Vicarage They rescued her, but she broke away, and at- tempted to jump into the river Dane, crying, " Let me go into the water." Canstable Roberts said she was in drink. She pleaded guilty, and was re- manded until Tuesday. When the prismer was brought before the Court on Tuesday it transpired that she wee a housekeeper for twelve years to Mrs Reynolds, Runcorn. For two years she lived in Northwich. The prisoner was repentant, and was handed over to Mrs Reynolds. -

===== 0002601_19020523_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSAULTING A bONSTABLIC.

At the Runcorn Police Court, on Friday, before Messrs Henry Reynolds (in the chair) and E Imison Albert Wheeler and William Pimblott were charged with being drunk and disorderly at Weston Paint at 12 midnight on the 15th lust, and also with assaulting P.O. Rowlands while in the execution of his duty at the same time and place. Wheeler was further charged with damaging the constable's lamp, to the amount of 2s, and Pimblott with assaulting Elizabeth Rowlands, the constable's wife, and further with damaging the constable's tunic, to the amount of 10s. Evi,"ence was give and for being drunk and disorderly and damaging the lamp Wheeler would be fined 5s and 7s sosts, or, in default, 14 day's hard labour, and for assaulting the constable he would be committed to prison for two months' hard labour. The prisoaer Pimblott would be fined 5s and 15s costs for being drunk and dis- orderly and damaging the uniform, or, in default, 14 days' hard labour, and for the assault on Row- lands he would be committed to gaol for two months' hard labour.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A LATE RUNCORN LADY.

It is with —Lei; regret t7h-at'W-ji-i;av—e—^tTrecord this week the death of Nlri Shipley, nee Alice Cooke, of Jeppestown, South Africa, late a resident of this town, at the early age of twenty.fout. It will be remembered by our readers that it is haraly twelve months since her wedding, wnich was one of the most popular ever solemnized in local Wesleyan Methodist circles. The deceased young lady prior to her marriage and removal to South Africa was a foremost worker in connection with St Paul's Wesleyan Church and Brunswick Sunday School. She was also a member of the choir and was connected with many other similar org inizations. Two months after her marriage with Mr Shipley, a South African gentleman, she set sail for Johannesburg. Nothing of an untoward character was heard about Mrs Shipley's health and it was confidently antici- pated that the climate would have no deleterious effect upon her conr,itution. On Sunday however, the Rev J B Foster received a letter from the Wesleyan minister in Johannesburg acquainting him with the circumstance of Ars Shipley's some- what sudden demise on the 23rd April. The news was conveyed with all possible speed to her father. Mr Cooke, registrar, by the Rev J B Forster. The news soon was noised abroad and in the evening the rev gentleman after his sermon at ISt Paul's referred to the sad event. The announce- ment came with terrible suddenness to many in the ' congregation and there were visi'olo signs of emotion as the organist, Mr if W Handley, played the Dead March in -qaul. Everyone who knew the late Mrs Shipley will regret that such a useful aid beautiful life has been so prematurely ended. The greatest sympathy is felt for her sorrowing relatives

===== 0002601_19020523_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CEMETERY HOTEL BOWLING CLUB.

Toe formal oprninT main in connection with this Club tsols place on Whit Monday afternoon, and after an exciting struggle amongst the 55 entrants the following players were successful in scouring prizes William -Barton ; 2nd, H Williamq; 3rd, T Ellison ; 4th, G Ball ; sth. John Ashton ; 6th, T Bridge ; 7th, II Clayton ; Bth, W Haigh. Consolation Prizes W Hill ; 2nd, J 1 Woods ; 3rd, T Healing : 4th. W Swanton.

CRAWFORD'S CR:EA n kiRACKERS CRISP AND CREAM"'

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Board was held on Tuesday, Mr Joseph Stokes presiding. In addition to the memobers of the, Rural Council there were present the Rev Dr Gastali, Mews T Wood and A R Norman (vice-chairman) representing the township of Runcorn.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITSUN TIDE AT RUNCORN7-

Whitsuntide at Runcorn was not observed so enthusi- astically this year as it generally is. This is probably due to the fact that tee Coronation festivities are looming ahead and that the various societies which generally parade the town on Whit agenday are hold- ing themselvesen head for the more auspicious occasion. The trades and friendly societies did not turn out as usual but the bustle and gaiety associated with this annual , red latter day were in no degree diminished. Fortunately the day was much more propeious than had been anti- cipated and in the afternoon the ValliOUS Sunday schools turned out almost in full strength. The Sunday sale As formed in three distinct sections :—Tbe Nonconformists, the Anglican Church, and the Cathelic Church. The Church of England schools coucentrated themselves in the vicinity of the National Scbools, the Parish Church leading with the Volunteer Band at the head. Immediately eaeceding the scholars the Revs Canon Maitland Wood (vicar), H B Firth and W Scholes (curates),Messrs John Littler (superintendent, George Hewitt, J Yates, T 11 Prieetley, J K Dieges, J S Davies, T Brown, F R Boraston (organist), W E Dudley, T Clare, E Key, W Roach. The procession was about 1,100 strong. Walking with the girls were :—Miss Bate (superintendent), Miss Hs pkinson, and Mrs W B Kay, teachers of the Young Wonsee's Classes. The scholars belonging to the Holy Trinity and Mariners' Mission Schools assembled at Trinity Schools, and proceeded via High-street and Cburch-street to Regent-street, where they joined the Parish Church. loading the way was St bears 's Band from Widnee. Those immediatele behind were :—the Rev N J Poole (curate), Messrs W Fisher and WHankinetni (wardees), and the members of the Men's bible Claei. The girls were accompanied by Mies Fishes, (suet.), while the boys brought up the rear, tended by Mr J Woods (suot.), Mr G W Gibson (inept of the Mariners Missien Reboot), and the staff of teachers. The scholars numbered , about 470, exclusive of the Men's Bib.° Class. The Milleßrow Ragged School came next. consisting of some 130 rank and file, and were led by Mr WJ Cunniognam (superintendent), Mr James Wilding, and Mr Cuisuing- barn, jun. Ss Michael'a School met at their head- quarters in Seaw-street, and mrred along Lowlands. road, Station-road, IVaterloe-road, and Egerton-street fling up behind Mill-brow. Those in front included the Revs ES Oliver (curate-in-charge), and C P Bashforth, Messrs Chas. Pownall, and John liewles (superintsnd- , ents), Jl3 Weston, A Lightburn, J Seerlock, and W ' Cropper (sidemen), J H Austin, and J H Littlernore (secretaries), L Douglas, W Plant, T Williams, J Blundell, J Wainwrigist, R Wainwright, sen., and J Joynson. The ladies in charge were :—Miss C Smith (superintendent), Misses Dalewy, Wiswall, J Burton and L Wood. The school was 343 strong. Toe rear of the Church Schools was brougbt up by the Mersey Mission to Seamen with a contingent of 350. Precedence was given to twelve boys attired in the garb of sailors, and then came the Weston Point Salt Works Band, Mr W Shaw (seamen's missionary), Mr W Shew (lay reader), Mr John Shaw, Mr W Shaw, jun., Mr Caas. Johnson (secretary), and Miss le3wyer (treasurer). The route taken was High-street, Bridge-street, Victoria-road, and Greenwroproad. In Heath-road, the Trinity, Mariners' Mission, and Mill-brow Schools proceeded to Mr Mcore'a field for the usual games and amusements. The Mersey Mission school detached themselves from the Parish Church and St Michael's ter reaahiag the Vicarage, and moved on to Crolt3n Lodge to visit Mrs Abel. From there they marched to the Mission recrea- tion field. The Parish Church and St Michael's Church Schools, having made their usual call at the Vic arsge, repaired to a field belonging to Mrs Abel. Leter in the afternoon the children of the Weston (St. John the Evangelist) echosl made their appearance at the Vicar- age. The order of their procession was as follows: Sunday schrol banner borne by schelers in smart costumes; Weston Church Band, women's and young women's Bible &asses ; decorated furry, supporting the May Queen (Miss Mabel Hope) and maids of honoier (Misses Bullies and Bennett) ; girls carrying small banners; banner and Red Riding Hoods (Misses Jones, Preece, Taylor and Wylie) ; decorated lusty containing Infants; choir boys and smell banner; banner and Blue Bonnets (Misoes Rowe, Basnett, Freer and Baronet!) ; wardens nod sidesmen ; men's Bible Chos and banner ; elder boys; decorated turry supporting Faith, Hope and Charity (Misses Foyer, Hough, and Brooks); smaller boys: red banner and nurses—Misses R iberts, Cnarles- worth, Basnett, and Woods. Mr. Guest ban the marshalling of the procession in hand, and the scholars , were accompanied by their late minister, the Rev W H Stables, vicar of Over.

The Nonconformist schools give even a mere impos- ing display than the Church body. The lead stag taken by " Old Brunswiek," the route being Church-street, Regent-street, and Greenway-road to their respective fields of recreation. Each contingent carried banners, and a large array of flags and banuerettes. At the head of the representatives of Old Brunswick were :—The Rev Alfred Wells (superintendent of the Runcorn Circuit), Messrs T Simiater and E Taylor (school superintendents). F J Norman, A R Norman, T Kilcross, T Cook, T Wood, and I Wiwyer. In the place of a band the choir led the scholars, singing wee-known Methodist hymns. Neat came the St. John's Presbyterian School, accompanied by the Rev T Sidney Morris (superinten- dent), Messrs J Warburton (assistant superintendent), G T Gatley, and T Johnson (secretaries),J R Richardson, and A. Robinson (marshals). St Luke's Mission (Con- gregational) followed,those at the head including Messrs W Lowe (superintendent). Moulsdals (secretary), J W Davies (assistant secretary), Mrs Lowe, Misses Temple, Bellows, Brown, Cartwright, and Messrs Worrell and Woods. As the next in order Bethesda Congregational School was led by the Rev J Osborne, Messrs F Beck (superintendent), F Cringhalli (secretary), W Lunt (trea- surer). There were succeeded by the Primitive Methodist Greenway-road School supported by the Rev W A Eyre, Messrs Booth, H Illidge, and W El Richardson (superin- tendents), J Fleet (secretary), E Aston (treasurer),James Stubbs, C Hill, P Royle, R Stubbs, W Glitter's and Lindon (St. Helens), Ashridge-street Mission, (Primitive Methodist) came next, neaded by YrPJ Midge and W Clark (superintendents) and Miss Rebecca Bell (secretary). The consecutive positions from this point were as follows :—Halton-road Wesleyan, with Messrs S Pope and W Graham (superintendents), S Taylor (treasurer), J Nall (secretary),W Andrews (assis- tant secretary), and G Armstrong (marshal) ; United ' Methodist Free Church, Ellesmere-streA, with Messrs J ricragg (superintendent) ; E Jones (assistant superinten- dent), W Gandy (secretary), F E Ward (assistant secre- tary), G White (treasurer).Rev W Gay (pastor), Captain Paul, Webster, (Widnes), Parker, Curzon,Uuv,T Moore, and Neil. Camden Wesleyan, beaded by Messrs S C Beckett, A Harrison, and J W Woodland (superintend- ents), S Littler and A. Temperley (secretaries), and C Ditchfield (treasurer). Nelson-street Wesleyan, with their hand and officials. viz.. Messrs J Bazley and W Lambert (superintendents), E Lambert (secretary), D Littlemore (treasurer),and G Hayes (assistant treasurer) Salvation Army School,led Mr Macolm (superintendent), Mr Jones (treasurer), Miss JOIN, Captain Wilcock and Lieut. Flemming (in charge). Tee officer in command for the day was Staff-Captain Bartlett (Manchester), Hope Hall Mission brought up the rear, piloted by Mr Jones (missioner), Messrs Hughes and Strange (superin- tendents), Brown and Shore (secretaries), J Gatley treasurer), Miller, Exton, B 'nod and fison.nt. The strength of the respective schools was as follows : Brunswick St. John's Presbyterian St. Luke's

Bethesda Primitive Metaother 232 Hahon-road Wesleyan 3OO Methodist Free Church (Ellesmere-street) 170 Csmden Wesleyan Nelson-street Weeleyau Salvation Army 155 Hope Hall 135

G-and_total... 2,435

St Edwards Catholic School furnis-h-r-d-r;M-o;t aitia-otive parade. The scholars Resembled at Mill Brow where the Benediction was given. The procession was headed by the very R,v Canon Craig of Crewe, the Rev Father McGrath, Warrington, and the Rev Father Chambers, priest in charge.

To see the Engines Jump. Enginemen having charge of trains running to Manchester,Liverpool,and the north have complained recently of boys on bridges shooting at trains from catapults. On the Liverpool lines trains have en- countered obstructions through belts having been placed across the rails. Detectives watching be- tween Crewe and Minshull on l'irednesday caught two offenders. The offenders generally are school boys whose excuse is they want to see the engines ump &tomato TRADICAIC ACCIDENT AT ST. HELENS—.A

WEDDING PARTY DIsT-IIE-11-ED:

A most salons and lamentable accident happened in N St. Helens, on Wednesday al terncon, when thoerhst-r seven year old daughter of Mr. Henry Higham, pro- vision merchant, was knocked down by an electric car and dreadfully injured. It appears that Mr Higham and his family have arranged to go to the United States within the next few days, and hts second daughter,who was being left bebind.was on Wednesday morning married at the Wesley Church. The wedding passed off success- fully, until about half-past four o'clock, when the child was knocked down and had her skull badly fractured. She was attended by Dr. Claw, but it is feared her con- dition is hopeless. - .

NO BRTTER THAN THE BEST. but Better thanthe Rest. are ALF TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS. 45, Horse- market-street, Warrington.—Advc.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] Whitsuntide has hardly been marked in Runcorn with such an amount of festivity as is usually the case. Though the friendly societies did not make their usual demonstration the streets all day were crowded with people. On Whit Tuesday the , weather opened out finely and great numbers left the town for various resorts. Toe bookings at the railway station were in excess of last year and ttie town wore quite a deserted appearance by reason of the exodus.

One Runcorn party had a very narrow escape in their wanderings from home. The annual trip of the St Paul's choir this year was fixed for Rhyl, and wbiie in this pretty seaside resort the members had a most exciting adventure which, happily, just missed disastrous results. The day's pro- gramme included a drive out of the town to St Asaph. The party were conveyed in two large vehicles, the foremost of which held about twenty persons.. All went well until the party was nearing home. When in sight of the Salisbury Hotel, one of the three horses slipped down. The coachman rising in his seat to rein the horse up from its haunches, unluckily forgot that tie had his foot on the brake spring, which being slightly relieved of his pressure, when he stood up hurled him over the seat under the horses feet. The reins slipped from his grasp and the horses startled at the coachman's fall, at once started off at a mad gallop. Luckily, however Mr Harry Dodd, Church-street, who happened to be on the box with the driver, managed at great per- sonal risk, to lean over the side of the vehicle and pick the reins out of the horses feet while the horses were at full speed. Rezaining his position on the box Mr Dodd and Captain Anderson managed to turn the horses round just as they were making for a pablichoue which stood on the corner of the road. Before, however, they were brought to a standstill the vehicle collided with great force with ens of the trees surrounded by iron railings which line the thoroughfare an I which were completely uprooted. Beyondiexperiencing a fright none of the members of the party were hurt save the coachmen whose thighs were run over aftor he had fallen over the box. No bones, strange to say were broken, and it is fortuna:e that the in- cident closed as it did for the streets were crowded with people at the time of the accident.

Anent the recent disaster at Killarney it is not generally known that Mr Watson of Norman-road, Runcorn, had a very providential escape. Mr Watson was attached to the party in Ireland and was asked by some of the members of the party te join in the proposed pleasure trip on the lake. It is stated that Mr Wacson replied that though he was sorry to spoil the harmony of the party he belonged to a sect—the Wesleyan Methodist—which did not countenance Sunday pleasure. The reaoon was accepted and the party set sail without. him. A ohort time after every one of Mr Watson's party was drowned

[Br TRIBUNE'S:I. lam told that my few notes lest week on the spirit of clericalism have caused quite a flutter in the clerical dove cote. I am also informed that, with their usual cunning, the article is fathered on a prominent Runcorn Nonconformist., who boasts that he can trace his connection with Methodism to the time of John VI esley. This idea is quite erroneous, however. There is every reason to believe that the Clerical party would be only too pleased if they could delude the townsfolk with the idea that this hatred ,of clericalism springs from one man only. Those who believe such groundless assenions will have a rude awak- ening some day. The vital against clerical- ism is not the work of one or two, but is rather a combined movement of the people's will against clerical predominance. Sorry indeed am I to strip the plumes from the gentleman referred to, but out of fairness to him it ought to be stated that " Tribunus "is one who, being baptised into the truly orthodox church, claims to receive all the blessings derivable from the doctrine of Baptismal regeneration.

On Whit Mondays Runcorn presented a spectacle over which anaels must have wept. In the after- noon there were actually three Sunday school parades—the Dissenters, the Anglicans and the Romanists. How pitiable it all is that a small town ' like Runcorn should be torn by religious differences. Instead of one united Sunday School demonqtration men's minds are unsettled by the apparent want of charitableness between the churches. Truly the meek and lowly spirit of Christ is all but an ' unknown quality in this little dogmatic town of ours.

Doubtless many an outsider, who hears of the religious fracas %mong the churches asks what is the cause? The question is a pertinent one and requires answering. Up to some few years ago the Anglican and the Dissenter lay down in on pasture in, figuratively speaking, each other's bosom. One church could not do too much for its neighbour, and each professed respect for the other's prin- ciples if not downright love for its service. How the chanir,e has been wrought must be found out by everyone for himself, but, to use a Weller- ism, it would be a very easy matter for anyone to guess at the root cause of all the evil three times and miss twice on purpose.

All ratepayers must sincerely wish that the Coro- nation proceedings will mark a fresh departure in Runcorn annals. If all the Sunday schools join together once in a town's proce.sion why can it not be done every year at Whitsuntide? If Mr Taylor does nothing else under his chairmanship he will earn the eternal gratitude of all ratepayers for bringing about such a happy consummaticn.

Since writing last week the ballot for the various schools has 13eu declared. Really it seems as though there was a divinity which shaped the end as well as the beginning of the list. ' Old Bruns- wick" leads the van while the:Parish:Church brings up the rear. The following is the order :- 1 Brunswick 11 Halton Road 2 Trinity 12 Primitives 3 Camden 13 St. Edwards 4 St Michael's 14 St.:John's 5 Hope Hall 15 Bethesda 6 Ashridge-street 16 Nelson-Areet 7 Mill Brow (Ragged) 17 Me-sey Mission 8 Welsh 18 St. Luke's 9 Mainers 19 Parish 10 Salvation Army 20 Ellesmere-street

===== 0002601_19020523_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE ASYLUMS BOARD.

Separate Asylum for Liverpool Suggested.

The quarterly meeting of the Lancashire Asylums Board was held on Thursday at the County Hall, Pres- ton, Alderman W S Barrett (chairman) presiding. The chairman referred to the great Ices the board had sus- tained by the death of Mr. John Efoulding of Liverpool, and move i a vote of condolenco with his relatives.—Str Jenkins (Salford) moved the adoption of the ,report of the Additional Accommodation Committee. Since the last meet- ing of the board the committee had visPed !even sit.s, only one of which they considered suiAble, situated at i Whalley, which was n every way suitable for their pur- prme.—Nir. Roberts (Liverpool) thought the matter was not of such an urgent nature as it was some atismyleumasr.anTdheraet wag room for w6oaot oarll 70tho._efre ohur Chairman said they must not lose sight of the i fact that t took five or six years to build an asylum. The difficulty of obtaining sites was a growing one. (Hear, hear.) They had had such pressure put upon them by outside people that he should be sorry if they were to relax their efforts.—Mr Turner (Liverpool) having refei red to the Lancashire Asylums Bill, the Chairman said that he did not think it at ad likely that the small county borough a would construct asylums. If Liverpool intended to do so they would require one as large as Winwick. Mr Shelmerdine (Liverpool) said the feeling in Liverpool was very strong with respect to the Cost to the city of its lunatics. Several of the Corporation felt that they were being unjustly mulcted. They had just found out that they would have to pay an extra charge of £6,000, and it was not at allimprob- able that the Liverpool Corporation might eventually have their own asylum. If that took place the board would find they had too much instead of too little room. —A motion to increase the number ofthaeskseudbifcoamny- mittee was negatived.—Mr J D Pennington effort had been made to negotiate with the. Joint Board of the Manchester and Chorlton Unions, wall a view to the possibility of taking over the laud they had obtained in that district.—Mr Jenkins said that they had approached the unions,but the offer had been declined. —The Plans Committ'ie reported that In pursuance of the resolution passed at the last meeting of the Board they had considered and passed the plans of the pro- posed refuse destruct )r at Lancaster ilsylum. The Com- mittee also considered the plans for connecting Winwick Asylum drain with the sewer belonging to the Warring- ton Rural District Council, and extending that sewe r to Dadam Brook. The Committee, whilst declining to express an openion as to the adViaribility of the scheme, passed the plane.

,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONE.

There ia only one "First" in a race, and it is acknowledged without doubt that GWILYM EVANS QUININE BITTERS, The Vegetable Toutc, is The Best Remedy of the Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indi- gestic'', Loss of Appetite, Chest Affections, Low Spirits and Influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame ; strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or ! has been weakened by dieese, and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments ; it purifies ; the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists and pro- metes digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ; it removes all im- purities and obstructions from the human body, and ' gives tone to the whole system. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the formula includes the Tonic properties of Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian. Burdock, Lavender, and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine, and is suitable to all ages, fr ,m the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote theme; lees to study and train wcrk, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to these who breathe impure air, and all who have to stand exposure of the weather. People that suff r from brain fag and sleeplessness, who feel "out of orte" and "run down," find rapid and ja, rmasent ieie from tteuso of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties continually at their furtheet etretcle, and life is all hurry and worry. Little wonder it is that this extreme tension leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and thattbese hard -worked toilers require an extra sustenance for bedy and brain. Now, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are live fixed facts about this renowned preparation- -Ist, used by the medical profesien ; 2ed, a purely vegetable compound ; 3rd, absolutely tree from mer- cury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ;sb, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the public, but they may be classified under two heads : —The Best and The Rest. GWILYM. EVANS, QUININE BITTERS IS THE BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the name " Crwilym Evans " on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles at 2s 9S and its 63, or in eases containing three 4-36 i bottles it 12s 63 per cafe. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will ferward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Walee.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

TICE THEFT OF A BICYCLE AT Wxswicx7_

- --- William Peat, an attendant at Winwick Asylum. was again brought before the magistrates at the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, on the charge of steal- ing a bicycle valne £7, the property of Thomas Haze!dine. at Winwick. on May Bth.--He pleaded guilty.—Pro•ecutar,who is a stone mason, residing at Winwick Quay stated that at 9.22 p.m. on the data in question be went into the Longford Hotel. ',lrving the bicycle outside. On coming out at 11 o'clook he found the machine had disappeared. The to lowing Sunday evening he saw the prisoner riding the machine in Alder-lane. Winwick, in company with a young lady. The name plate hal been taken off. Witness gave information ta PC Sharpe.— Constable Sharpe said he arrested the prisoner, whe said he stole the bicycle to be eVe to keep up appearances Witness subsequently found the name plate in prisoner's locker at the asyluns.—Prisoner said taat as he was late be took the bicycle Lc) ride to the asylum. but he int (tilled to put it back where he form,' it some time —Prisoner was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
- MINOR OASES. Warrington Borough Court.

FRlDAT,—Befora Mr itepherd the.clisir) Councillors

Smethurst and John Hobe‘rts and Mr Thornton. RETURNING PROM THE BOXING MATCH -SCENE AT TRH CENTRAL STlTlON.—ltiebael Jeffers. 9, Neston-street, was charged with being drunk at the Central Station at 11.45 the previous night, with refusing to produce his ticket when re- quested to do so by the collector, and with assaulting Hugh T Williams, ticket collector, Station Constable Evans, and Thomas Mannion, porter, and damaging Constable Evana's uniform to the extent of its Si—Evidence was given to the effect that prisoner arrived at the Central e.tation by the 11.46 train from Liverpool. He was ander the influence of drink and refused to produce his ticket, saying that he had not got one. The sionector detained him and he became very violent and tried to force hia way out of the stet! n. He pushed collector Williams against the gate, and assaulted the constable and porter by striking them in the month.—The constable's uniform was also damaged-- The Chief Constable said the station staff no doubt had extra., trouble on Thursday night, because there had been a glove fight at Liverpool betweeen two Warrington exponents of the I noble art of self-defence. A number of Warrington people ' who were interested In that form of sport had been to Liver- pool. The prisoner was a tatted handler of the gloves and he (Mr Talbot) was sure the employes at the station had some trouble with him.—Prisorter who made his first appearance. was fined 20s and costs. NEGLECT OF CHILDREN.—John Crooks and Sarah Crooks' residing at 33. Hind-street were summoned for neglecting their twe children in a manner likely to eause them unneces- sary suffering and injury to health.--Mir Browne prosecuted en behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and said the object of the Society In bringing ane defendants before the Court was that the children might be sent to the Union Hospital, as they were both suffering from hip disease. and were eonstantly neg- lected by the woman, who was of very drunken habits. Inspector Hackett had had the ease in band since liireember 29th, and matters had now get so bad that the nurses from the Nursing Institution would not go near the house. The woman would be away from the house drinking for a whole day at a time. The man earned 30s per weeg and gave his wife 28s, but she pawned everything. The man was to blame because he had been drinking a little lately and the Society thought be ought to see that the children were attended to by someone if the wi•e neglected them. The Society, however, did not ask the magistrates to con- vict him, if he would consent to the children being sent to the Workhouse hospital for about two months and after- wards given hate the custody of his married daughter. If the woman woeld consent to g 5 into a home for six months they would ask fee an adjournment of the -aase azainst her Defendants agreed to these proposals and the case was adjourned for two months. WIFE ASSAULT.—Patrick Burke. 10, Dutton-street, was summoned for assaulting his wife Mary Jane Burke on May 13th.—Mr Browne appeared for complainant and Mr Steel fir the defendant. -Complainant's case was that defendant dragged her out of bed by the hair of the head Hui struck her. He also smashed all the windows in the house and the police had to Intervene.—Delendant consented to a convic- tion for aggravated assault, and a separation order with an allowance of 12s per week. NEIGHBOURS AT VARIANCE.—Joeeph Starkey, 1, Hugh( street, was summoned for threatening Ada Lloyd, 3, Cu TS- loerland-street—Mr Browne appeared for complainant and Mr Steel represented the defendant.—Mr Browne said the defendant bed a cockerel which would fight all the other young cockerels in the neighbourhood. On one occasion it attacked &cockerel belonging to the complainant and pecked out one of its eyes. Complainant complained to the police and since then the defendant and his family had molested her. On the day in question he threa•ened to knock her trains out-Defendant, who denied using threats, was bound over to keep the peace. -A. cha-ge against Mrs Lloyd of usingthreats towards Lilly St •rkey, daughter of the de- fendant lathe last case, was dismised. wars DEsERTION.—Geome Povey was summoned for deeertlng his wife Martha Povey, 75, Ellesmere-street, last Saturday. -Mr Browne appeared for the complainant and said that en Saturday defendant received his wages at noon but did not return home until five eielock when he was In a helplessly drunken condition. He subsequently went out telling his wife that he was not going to keep her, and had not been home since.—,& separation order was granted with 15s per week alimony. Me:CßAY—Before Mr J W Hayward (in the chair), Alderman Monks, Mem, 3 Wriebt and Thornton, VIOLENT PRISONERS —A ' ONSTABLE ASSAULTED —Joseph Gallop, and Thomas Phillips, of Hopwood-street, were charvd with being drunk and disetdarly in eankey-street and with assaaiting P C. Sweeney at 10.45 the previous night —The Constable stated that he was on duty in Sankey. street and saw the prisoners jostling people and shouting. • yonng lady was passing along the street and the first prisoner get hold of her and ensiled her against the wall. When prisoners saw witness they bolted down Spring- tal 1-street If, followed them and took them into cus- tody. Prisoners walked quietly until they reached Better- market-street, when Gailers said he was not going to be locked up, and struck witness on the nose and kicked him on the shin. Phill;ps also strack him on the side of the headland kicked him. Phillips get away and went along Acadevay-street and Police-Constable Wyse. who soon after- wards came up, went after nine, hut failed to catch him When they had taken Gallop to the police station, witness and Sergeant Williamson went after Phillips, and eventually arrested him—Prisoners were fined 20e and costs, or a month's imprisonment la default.

TUSODAY.—Bfore .!!.Iderman ehaav Green (in the chair) e

Councillor Smethurst. and Dr Fox. ALLLGED ASSAULT WITH k POI(Eli —Jane Jehnsm,Turner- street, was charged on a warrant with assaulting James Lee, also of Turner-streeton May 6th, and further with assaulting Mary Bridge on the same oate.—James Lee stated that us the date in question went to fetch his wife from the prisoner's house. Prisoner who was under the influenee of drink, compel:teed to quarrel with him. and ended by striking him a blow on the head with a poker. We had to go to the Infirmary te have the wound dressed —Lee sow informed the Bench that he did not 'want "to lay any charge" against the prisoner,—Super- intendant Monaghan said the woman gave herself up that morning and tte police had I o t had time to inform the

witnesses in the second cam—Prisoner admitted striking Lee with a clog but said the did it ii self defence. She eaied using the poker.—The isuigistrates adjourned the dewing until Wednesday. WBDNEBDAY—Before Alderman Monks (in ins chair), and

Councillor Smethurst. THE ALLEGED ASSAULT WITH • POKER,—Jane Johnson was cheesed on remand with assaulting James Lee and Mary Bridge on May 6th.—Neither of the complainants appeared and prisoner was discharged. A PAINTER'S VDSLENCE.—James Clarke. King-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Cartwright- street at 12 45 the previous afternoon, aid further with com- mitting wit ul damage to a doer at 25 Manley-street. the proper,y of John Unswerth, to the extent of 71 fid. and with assau ting John Unsworth.— r Unsworbb, who is a glazier and plumber carrying en basinesa at 25, Manley-street,said the prisoner had been employed by him off and en for sons years as eboainter.Snortly after eight o'clock on Tuesday morn- ing prisoner came to his work aid witness sent him to paint some property in Evelyn-street off Liverpoo.-road. At about eleven o'clock he saw prisoner quarrelling with another man in Selby-street. He intervened and prisoner ultimately came to his (witness's) house and commerved to create a disturb- ance there. Witness ordered him out. Prisoner refused to leave, and struck witne,s in the breast, knocking him to the floor. Witness obtained the assistance of his eon and they ejected the prisoner, who however, went round to the front door and deliberately kicked in the panel, breaking It to splinters. Police officers were sent for, and when they came upon the scene prhener made use co very filthy language. He was taken into custody.—Walter Unswortb, son of the last witness, and C Newey haying given evidence, prisoner, who made his 17th appearanle was fined 2Cs and costs with thfi option of ono moth's isprisonmeat.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f 7-7-

===== 0002601_19020523_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions.

WEDNESDAY. Before Captain Withington (in the chair), Cafonel Ridgway an. Mr Joshua B GAMBLING AT INWICK —Joseph Hatwell, Alec Mel- bourne, Thomas Smith Hdward Hughes. George Gleaye and William Pawnall, boys, were fined 2, 61 and costs each for gambling with cards at Winwick on May llth.

THE CORONATION CELEBRATIONS A Bonfire to be Lighted at Hill Warren.

In conjunction with Mr I El Leon. of Appleton the Corporation bavP arranged o have a bonfire at Hill Warren on Co,onation eight, fifteen feet in diameter and 20 f-et high. It will be lighted at ten o'clock and the ccst will be borne ía proportion by Mr Lyon and this Corporation The lighting ot the b nifire will be cede d by a signal of rockets and a b:rizs of coloured lights. Toe Committee wish to caution the public against st.nding too cear to leeward of the bonfire mass at the tima of lighting as it will be saturated with paraffl The flame hay. been known to fie out as much as 150 feet and the C nrim ttee are vPre onitions that no acci- dect should mar Coronation night.

SHOCKING FAI ALITY ON THE RAIL-

WAY.

A Platelayer Killed.

Between nine and ten o'clock on Wednesday last weekra shocking fatality occurred on the London and North-Western Rail way at a point ab mit a quarter of a mile from Bank Quay Station on the Cheshire side. it appears that a f iceman platelayer named John Thomas Garner, residing at Bell I.l)use Cottage, Acton Bridge was walking tlvrards War- rington on the path near the down line when he was caught by the buffer of a train from Acton Bridge and killed instantly. THE INQUEST. . . .

An inquiry was 0-inducted in the Coroner's Court on Friday evening by Mr S Brighouse, into the einem canoes attending the death of John Thomas Garner. Mr Aspinall, day station master at Bank Quay station, represented the Railway Company.

ria arn G 1- 11eA r, a ate i that thejdeceased was ner hus- band and he was 49 years of age. He was a foreman platelayer and lived at B-11 )use Cottage. Acton Grange. She last saw him al ye it 8.30 on Wednesday morning when h left home from breakfast to go to the work. She saw him d,aa later in M.., day.

ies-1

laseph 0 ikes, engine driver on the Lndon and North Western Railway said the accident happened between 9 11 and 912 a.m in Wednesday. Witness was in charge of the 8.52 Slow train from Acton Bridge to Warrington. He was about a quarter of a mile from Bank Quay Statiou on the down line when he noticed a man in the four foot walking in the same direction as the engine was travelling. Witness whistled and the deceased got out of the foul foot and stepped on the walking path eursde the line Witness thought the man was about clear of the engine, but in order t give the deceased another warning, witness blew the whistle again. In a kind of fright the deceased slipped and 'the large hammer be was carrying on his right shoulder nverba!anced him and he fell inwards towards the engine. Deceased Wa.9 caught 00. the head by the buffer ef tne engine Witness stopped the engine as quickly as possible and en walking down the line, the deceased was found lying dead. The Coroner : Flew long had ho been engaged on the line ?

Inspeetnr Barlow : Since ha was (Invert years of age. Witness : It is posgiblp that the deceased may have stenpad out of the way of the Chester train and got inio the tour foot of the Crewe down iine The Fareraan of the Jury : Was he deaf 7 Witness No.

Ihe Coroner When their duty calls them off the line, the servants know—and especiallv a foreman platelayer—that they ought to walk wit') th,ir faces towards the approaching trains. Perhaps it is T., case of f irniliarity breeding contempt. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accjdental Death" and attached no blame to the enzinn driv.r. The Coroner expressed the sympathy of himself and the jury with the relatives of the deceased.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Brunner, Mond, and Co.

On Saturday Messrs Brunner, Mond, and Co. iFsued their annual report and balance-sheet. It set fort that the prafit and loss account showed a bale ce on the working of the year ended March 31 last of £480,431, which,with the amount, of £36,930 brought forward, made a total of £517,361. The directors proposed to deal with this balance as follows : Interim half-yearly dividend on the pre- ference shares at 7 per cent paid on December 6, 1901. 227,249; dividend now to be paid en the preferetce capital, £27,249 ; interim half-yearly dividend on the ordinary capital at 30 per cent,paid on December 9 last, £163,6b4; dividend now to be paid on the ordinary capital, making 324 per cent for the year, £199,007. The amount to be placed to the suspense account is £60,000. the amount to be written off patents account £2,500, and the balance to be carried forward £37,000. The directors record with regret the death of Mr John Crosfield. a direc- tor of the Company since its inception, and chairman of the Board during the first ten years. The directors who retire by rotation and are eligible for re-election are Mr Milner, Mr Galloway, Dr Hewitt, Mr 11 Brunner, and Mr Bell.

Ia Turkey the partridge ie detested because once it betrayed the prophet to hie enemies, and its legs ara said t.) be red bealuse they were dipped in the blood of 114950.9. If a man kills a pantbßr hs is imprisoned for 24 hours and then is handsomely rewarded. The crane is respeetsd and it is a crime to kill it. •

WIRRINOTON V NORTREAV.—TOIS match at Waterloo on Saturday was interfere' wit" by rain. Score : NORTHERN. fteV T Burrough o Caton b Connor 32 lt K F•rnie c Brigs b Connor 27 B L Pick b Lvnee W Fraser c Hampson b Podmore 23 F et Thempion not out 0- Holt st Hampson b Poi 'more B S Pilling a Call sib l'odmore 6 Extra: 6

Tots.l (six wickets) 133 Innings closed. BOWLING ANAL 7I!. NORTHERN.

o M. R. W. Lynes W 0 Pocimore ... 2 ... 2 ... 33 ... 3 3 W Bibby ...... ... 8 ... 0 ... 20 ... 0 K A Conuor ..... ~. 9 ... 1 ... 34 ... 2

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. ST HELENS ST THOMAS'S -Score ENGINE [CRS.

ST. THOMAS. Anders b Monks Naelor a Bate b Monks 4 John Geniers b T Smith 0 1E Smith b 'Jocks ' T Smith run out J Smith b Monks 2 Monks c Anelsirs b Smith 1 Aleock h Duckworth Littler c Duckworth b b T Smith Monks 1 Wilson etp T Smith b J Tyson run out Pawcstt h ',oaks 0 'mith run out 0 Bate c Genders b Duck- Everson not out worth Ratcliffe not out Extras 2 Extras . 3

Total 2B Total 4l Monks took 6 wickets for 11 runs.

' Asiarov v Gnacpp.xnamt..—At Ashton on Monday. Hoye° and Nixon bitted well for Ashton, as did Burrows and Pearson for the visitors. Score : let ions Astuoa. 2nd Inns. Monnfield run out 5 lbw b Carter N:xon b Watsoa 6 c Pearson b W Watson lB Hayeraft b Warburton ... ....... ..... 2 I, W Watson Shalleross b Warburton Garcon b Warburton Gleave a Gifford b W Watson... 3 b tvarburton .. 3 Hayes not out 25 b W Watson 1 Wade a Gifford b Carter ton 3 Littler b Wadsnrton 1 run out 0 Wareing b W Watson . 5 b Warburton Nebo:kid b W Watson I not out 3 Extras

Total

Total

Ist inns. GRAPPENHALL. 2nd I. nns. Borrows n Nixon Warburton b Schofield 3 lbw b Nixon Hanks lbw b NixOn Gifford et Hayoraft to Nixon 9 b Schofield Ellis c Garnon b Nixon 0 li Schofield Parson b Nixon Carter b Wade 2 c Tiayoraft b Nixon 0 'Edwards c Gainon to Wade... G Watson to Ilouafield 2 c Shallcrose b Nixon 0 Dahlia to Mounfield W Wet•on not out 2 not out Extras

Total

Total 23

MoORE AND DAREABURY V STRETTON AND APPLETON.— This match was played at Meares Park on Monday before a it.rge ring of spectators. It was arranged to play 12-aside, and a very intere4inz match took place, the home team winning by seven runs on the first innings. The Rev F. Clifton-Smith, vicar of Daresburv, kindly entertained both teams to lunch at the Sessions Room. Daresbury, and after- wards to tea en the ground. The catering was in ale hands of Mr C W Phillips, and gave every Batiafaetion. Score:—

MOORK AND DISF,9IIIURY. lit inns. 2nd inns. T Forster b Moosfield 1 c Moorfield b Ellison 8 S Antrobus b Ellison J Knight b Moortield 0 b Neill G Wright b EllisOn 0 b Moorfield Rev F Clifton Smith b Ellison 0 b Moorfield W Autyobus b Moorfield 0 b Moorfield Rev EB B May b Ellison 0 c Ellison o Moorfield 9 G Rdwards run out 3 13 Neild I Antrobus a Malden b Ellison... 3 not out J Smith bEI loon 3 b Neild t 1 Ryder b Ellison J Houghton not out Extras 2 Extras 3

Total 27 Total (for 10 wkts)... 82 STRETTON AND •PPLETON. let Inns. 2nd inns. R Nowall c J Knight b Antrebus A Johnson b Forster J Neild run out Forster S Holden b Forster D Dunn c W Antrobus b Forster 0 F Hatton Is Forster 4 Hinson o Smith b J Antrobus 2 not out T Walton b Forster It Newall c and b J Antrobus 0 b Antrobus Jlt kleosfield c Smith b Forster 1 G Ksaigist ci Aatrobus 5 Forster 7 b Forster D Knight no; out 0 53 Antrobus Bxtras 3 Extras

Total 2O Total (for 4 wkts)... 22

Spring-cleaning

is hard work with ordinary soap— dirt and stains take so much rub- bing, so much soap. Fels-Naptha soap saves the rub- bing and most of the soap cost. Stains and dirt come off with the lather. A 21d bar proves it—if it doesn't your grocer gives your money back.

FELS•NAPTHA Monument London E C

===== 0002601_19020523_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19020523_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET BATS " Slogger" 6 3 " Klynker " 7,9 I " Don " 10/6 " Suggcese " 12/6 Beinjl (pat.) 15/, 17/6 Lama: Witch, 17/6 (patent) Bounderie, 21/- BATTING GLOVES I \ . 66,4 6, 5,6, 6 6,7.6, 96 ' WICKET-KEEPING < , GLOVES 3 6, 49, 5 6. 6/6, 8 6,10 6 CRICKET SKIRTS 1 ' ; 1,9, 29, 36, 46.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WICKETS An (plain/ :3'6 Ash Ferruled 3/9 Ash Solid Tope s'. Ash Revolving 69 Iron Shod, 9d.set extra

===== 0002601_19020523_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BALLS Challenge 25. guggcess 316. I Klynker Witch 5,5. LEG GUARDS Ordina.ry Shape. 35. 45, 55, 6/6.6/6 per pair Semi-Skeleton. 5/3, 6 9 7.6, 55, 156. per pair. I Skeleton, 18 per pair.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
• ,• MAZAWAT TEE MILK Theodfaainntleat CHOCOLATE is a pure British confeetron of far finer quality than any foreign milk chocolate.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MMEN

===== 0002601_19020523_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENIULL V Motion GREEN.—At Grappenhall en Saturday, raiu interfering. Warburton batted well for the home team. Score : GRAPININHALL. 11017GH GREEN. Burrows b A Cola Warburton a Warren b Watson Forster Banks b • Cole Ellis c Laws b Warren 2 Wareham b W Watson ... 0 Pearson b A Cole Carter c Warren b Forster 8 Wareing b A Cole Edwards b A Cole Eakin not out G Watson not out Extras 1 Extras 1 Total (for 8 wkts)... 63 Total for 3 wkts) 1

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V CORWEN IST HLE7ENB.—Played at eforwen ea Monday, and resulted in an easy win for the visitors by an innings and 32 runs. W Evans, Burton, it Cook, and Clarke batted in good form for the Wire Mille, for their respective scores J Evans aril Burton also bowled In capital form, the former taking four wickets for one run, and the latter ten for 23. score : —Comm : Ist innings nine, 2nd 47. Wire dills, 88.

NEWTON-LFINFILLOWS 2ND V CROMPTON 2ND.—Played at Newton on Saturday. Score : NEWTON. CROMPTON. Pendry b Royds W Herring e Woods b Hoyds 6 A Horrocts not out 2B 13 Barr o Horrocks b I oung 2a F Morrison lbw Is Young... 6 • Pendry Is Young 0 T Wilkinson a Wood b Gowers 1' Briggs b Young 4 T Gee c Wood b Young 9 J Molyneux b Young 0 0 Porter not oat... ....... 2 8' Gem and b Young. ...... &taros l9

Total 65 Total for no wilts... 50 Rata atoppeal play.

NE WTON-LE- WILLOWS V CRODIP TON. —Played at Crompton on Saturday. Soma :

'NEWTON. CROMPTON. W Turton c Billingtoa b H Heyworth b Huish ... 1 Neyworth II N Fielding b Rylance Hlt Ilindley c Firth b H Massey a Cooke b Cotterill 1 Huish Eil Henderson c Fielding h W Milner b Rykuo a Cotterill 24 W Yates aVf 11 Hindlay F B iluish b Hoyworth l6 b Finish T Williams b Cotterill It Rylance it Billingtou b b Bluish Cotterill l9 H Rhodos b Rylance 0 T Cooke a Firth b Cotterill I if Firth b Hulsh 3 int,. o Milner b Cotterill ... 5 B Whitehead c Williams -

C W Hindley not out 8 b Hutsh WLI Wadley 0 Hirt!, b JLI Billlogtou not out 1 Yates /A Ferry b Yates 0 ytt=ltExtras 3 Extras

Total 94

lota

NER TON-LE-WILLOWS " A " TE&M V NEW BRIGHTON.— Played at New Brighton on Whit Aoaday. Sere :

NEW BRIGIIT3N. NEWTON 'A" TEAM. H Horspool b Cooke .... l3 SI ft Wadley b Schofield 12 11 cchoft Ad 5 ftvlauce S wo fierier' c Henderson b S Henderson b Wofferden 24 Itylance a Currie b Itylance 35 F Harriaon not out 35 W Trenton' b Itylance F Davies ie Rviaace 6 J Molyneux b Trantom 0 W C Pulson b itylance el Pepper b Harrison 4 J Sweetlove b Wolf Arden 1 _ _ _ .. _ _

W S Mitchell run out ......• 1 Sub run out .....

ilitt-t-ton b Eylance ... 5 Sub b Woffarden. ...... ... 0 II Fleming not out 8 Extras l4 Extras

Total IC7

Tot3l .....

===== 0002601_19020523_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

VVBSLEVIS Cnarat.—On Sunday morning, the Rev C H Hocken accepted en behalf of the trustees, a now sateen which has been presented by Mr Robert Ci &mutt. The wean is made of pitch pile, and i 3 beautifully carved, matches the rostrum and greatly improves the appearance of the chapel. The design and manufacture has been carried out by the firm of Messrs 11 Garnett and Sons, of WArringtoo, in their usual high-class style. Mr floeken spoke very feelingly of Mr Garnett, and the great love and attachment he had always manifested hr the house of God, and expressed an earnest desire that he seismic] soon be well enough to join ogee more in the pob'ic services of the sanctuary.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

The Rev. R Wilkins Rees, of the Manchester (Cheetham) Circuit, his been invited to succ3ed the Rev C H Hocken, Wesleyan minister, of War- rington whose paricd of ministry in this circuit will terminate in the course of a few mouths.

Local Commissions. The following announcements appear in Tuesday night's London Gazette " :—lst V.B. Prince of Wales's Volunteers South Lancashire Regiment : Lieutenant C P Gough resigns his commission,dated May 21; Lieutenant H G Roberts to be instructor of musketry, dated May 12,

Music in The Park.

Mr TJ Haiti will play the follow- ing selection of music, (weather permitting), on Thursday evening next, commencing at 715. Con- ductor J Down, Esq. Programme :—March, " Aurora" Ivermee ; overture, "Romantique "Kolar Bela ; valse, " Die Hydropaten" Gung'l; grand selection, " Haddon Hall" Sullivan ; paraphrase, !' Side by side to the Better Land" Miller; polka, " Stefanie " Fahrbach : " God save the Bing."

Funeral of a Balaclava Hero. At Widnes on Tuesday there were interred the remains of Thomas Wright, of Major Cross-street, Widnes, and who formerly lived in Warringtongene of the famous Six Hundred. A crowd of about 200 assembled at the Fernworth Churchyard, where the funeral teok place. Heading the cortege were hr George Rogerson and Colour-Sergeant O'Brien, the former wearing on hie breast Crimean end Turkish medals. Then followed a posse of police, under Sergeants Radcliffe and Robinson. Included in the procession were also the ex-Mayor (Alderman G I Neil), Mr J Carroll, Mr ~,howm ii, Mr A Poulson, &c. On the coffin was the inscription :—" Thomas Wright, died llith May, 1902, aged 71 years." The veteran was a great favourite in the town, and was known by the name of " Old Tom," and many were the tears shed as his remains were consigned to their last resting-place. among the wreaths was an exceedingly pretty one from the Widnes police. The funeral service was (by the deceased's ex- pressed wish) conducted by the Rev J Adams, M.A., curate of St Ambroie), who in an excellent address, made affecting allusion to the old soldier's admirable character, and expressed the hope that a stone would he erected in his honour.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FDRMAI lON OF _A GARDEN

SOCIETY At-Sl-0-6KtcTii-fiE-ATH.

A public meeting was held in the Church Room, Stockcon Heath, on Thursday last week to consider the advisability of forming a Stockton Heath Garden Society The Vicar (Rev Ei V Pigot) presided over a good atten- dance.

The Chairman said their idea was to encourage the inhabitants of the parish to a greater interest in their gardens, and in other people's gardens, so that by minuet encouragement the appearance of the village might be promoted and improved, and also that the character of the people who took part in the work might be promoted and improved, because he thought garden- ing was wholesome from every point of view. (Hear, hear.) It was healthy physically and morally, and if they could get the inhabitants of the village back to the land, as the saying was new-a-days, and to take an interest in the earth and its produce, they would have done something which would bear grad fruit. (Hear, hear.) The first mention of the proposed garden society came from Mr Jenkins at a meeting held recently in connection with their corona- tion celebration. That had now taken definite form, an Mr Jenkins had started independent of the corona- tion though he (the speaker) thought ttat if it grew to a great success in the fame, they would always connect it in their mind with that very memorable year. The , present meeting was the result of deliberations held at the residence of Mr Jenkins, 83 that Mr Jenkins wao at the bottom of it all. Mr Woodcock, also, had the , matter array near his heart, and had a claim upon theie gratitude tor the pains he had taken to get things intr ehape for that evening's meeting. All present were, he ventured to think, enthusiastic lovers of the garden,end , the scheme was to increase that love and enabee them to he'p each other. (Applause.) Mr, Jenkins said that the idea was co-operation and , mutual beaefit, and a general desire to preserve the rural character of the neighbourhood and its surround- ings, which must be bound to have a beneficial effect, from many points of view, on the inhabitants. (Hear, , hear). Mr. Jenkins mentioned that they had applied ! for, and recetved, valuable information as to working from various other garden societies, so that so far as ! machinery was concerned, they were ready to put the ' proposal into shape, if they could get a sufficient warranty for doing 60. If the idea should take root he ' should be glad to refleet that he bad done something to encourage a development which tended to beautify life. (Applause).

• 1 liefr W fi Woodcock said the objects of the proposed Societywere to encourage a love of gardening ; to pre- serve and improve the rural character of the village ; mutual assistance to develop and improve gardens ; to obtain good seeds and distribute to those who required them ; the mutual exchange of plants, seeds, ko. They had purposely avoided calling it a Cottage Garden Society, for they thought that would savour too much of patronage—the patronage of the villa resident for the cottager. Not that such a distinction was necessary,for seine of the most lovely gardens in England were cottage gardene. Over the porches, they could see clematis,and rose, and canary creeper, and honeysuckle, and in the beds sweet williams, peonies, hollyhocks, sun- flowers, and pansies ; and the little wayside plots which cheered the heart of the labourer as he Came home from his daily toil were as full of b iauty as they well could be, and cheered the heart of the passer by as well as thattof the owner. It would certainly he necessary for the scciety some day to define the two classes, vet they intended to make the line of demarcation as fine as possible,for their purpose was—and he hoped they would continually keep it before them—to instil into the hearts of all residents of Stockton Beath a love of horticulture —a love of plant and flower growing—and in so doing to cultivate and foster a mutual respect for all within the bounds of the society, and a spirit of mutual help- fulness, which he thought could only be of benefit to all concerned and would do so much to elevate and lift up the status of the inhabitants of the (Hear, hear). He should like to see all the householders of Stockton Heath joining, and though a first sight they might not think it, yet it was possible for all such to participate in the society's work, for it was actually not neeeesary for them to occupy a single rood of ground. If they had neither front garden nor back, neither fruit garden, nor flower garden, nor cab- bage garden, but only a well-equipped window, and a single flower pot, a place could De found fee them in the society, and they would be eligible for one at least of the prizes which they hoped to offer for compEtition. (Hear, hear). What they wanted the inhabitants to de. was to cultivate a love fora garden, whether it be a cottage or a villa garden, a front garden or a back gar- den, or even a single plant in a solitary flower pot, but whatever it was let them learn to love it for what it was, and take a pride in growing well whatever they chose to grow, and tia realise that a well-grown cabbage, or potato. or onion, was in itself a thing to be aimed at and attained only by eareful thoughtful work—plotting and planning, knowing how to do a certain thing and when to do ie. La much true pleasure and profit might be got froen tne thereugh culture of thistles and brambles (there were Epeciel of both well worth growing in any garden) as from the rarest !orchid owned by the millionaire. (Applause.) There lwere also many examples amo og elents of those that were not only sen- sitive to the toech, but which also possessed the power of catching living insects and putting them te death for the purpose of food. There were °there so low in the scale of life that they mid hardly be said with cer- taiety to be either plant sir anim 11. Then there was the story of what particular part plants played in the economy of nature. why plants develop d colour and how they did so, how they dietilled their sweet odours. and why they did so, how their forma and organs were modified, and for what purpose. The study of these things were all Within the scope of that society, and the Executive Committee would no doubt see that these features were not overlooked. Mr Woodcock gave inter- esting illustrations of the work the Society could do, ' and in conclusion expressed the hope that all who joined the Society would learn the lessons and the parablee of nature, for there were, as Shakespeare said, Tongues in trees, Books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones And good in everything.. Mr England moved that a society be formed, and that it be Called the Stockton Heath Garden Sxnetv. Ile remarked that he would be glad to offer a prize for the cottage section. (Hear, hear.) Air Timperiey seconded and the motion was unani- mously agreed to. _ _

Tho-following committee was elected, with power to add :—The Rev H V Pigot, Messrs Woodcock, A J Willett, S F Welsby, Vernon, R T Westbrook, J Ryan, J Moore, and A Broady. The Rev H V Pigot was elected president, Mr W H J Jenkins hon eecretary, and Mr T R Westbrook bon treasurer, On the motion of Mr fl Isherwood, seconded by Mr Frank Warburton, it was resolved that the sutscriptiou for membership shouli be one shilling annually. The meeting clo-sed with a cordial vote of thanki to the Rev. II V Pigot for presiding.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN THOUSAND WOMEN VICTIMS.

Over ten thoueand women died last year, victims to that dread mugs ancemio. Th 3 chief scourco of this ailment is soostipsties sad liver dieorder. Bile Beans are an unfailing cure for the ailmeots ; and where they are used, cam nia can ng niers oonur,than darkness at gime source of light. Mrs Matthews Inowife of a well known farmer of lwick, near Berwick, deseribing her daughter'e ease, said :—" Mary euffered for :booths froze anceinia. She bodame weak, emaciated, lost appetite, lost weight, and lost all interest in life. Sll3 never wanted foul, and what she did take caused her pain, in eafeablecl were her digestive organs. A doctor who attended her said oh* seemed to have no blood at all. Doctor's marlicice failing, we trial Chas. Fords's Bile Beans and there was very soon a marked improve- ment.

"Front that time sho never looks] back ; and to-day she is as Lisaltby and as stroag a young weinstl as any I know " Soch is one instance of the saving of vire nia's victim by Bile Beans. Thousands of others c.)uld be produced. Wherever used. Bile Beans cure aseeia, debility. headaglee.eenstipation, pilot, lI fenstle ailetents lose of appetite, pimples, ulcers, and all blood impurities. Leading chemists everywhere will eupply Bile Beans at isce and three-balf-peuee or two and nine par box. Toe Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., of 119, London Wall, E.G., will send a box post free on reesipt of price.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTITUTION AND INDUCTION OF THE REV. W. BRACECAMP.

A special service was held in St, Paul's Church on Friday evening for the institution and induction of the new vicar. Rev. W. Bracecamp, to the benefice. There was a large congre- gation, and many of the local clergy were present. The sermon was preached by the Lord Bishop of Liverpool. His Lordship based his discourse on Ephesians iv, verses 8, 11 and 12. The Rev. W. Bracecamp, having taken the usual oaths, was then institued by the Bishop. After prayer had been engaged in, the new vicar was inducted to the living by the Yen. Archdeacon Madden, and tolled the church bell to signify his taking possession. The offertory was on behalf of the Endowment Fund.

Honorary Ranks in the Army for Local Volunteer Officers.

Friday night's " London Gazette," contained the names of a number of officers of the Volunteer companies for service in South Africa who on hav- ing relinquished their temporary commissions,have been granted honorary ranks in the Army, with permission to wear the uniform of their companies. We extract the following local namsa :—Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South I.ancashire Regiment) : To be honorary captain, Captain F M Appleton; dated 26th July, 1901. To be honorary lieutenants Lieutenant R H. Lewis ; dated 9th July, 1901. Lieu. C F Carey; dated sth August, 1901.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
5Ad. PER BOTTLE, SUFFICIENT TO MAKE TWO GALLONS DELICIOUS LEMONADE.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL

CLUB.

Annual Meeting.

The Workmen's Club, Market Place, Warrington, was well filled on Tuesday evening on the occa-ion of the annual genera! meeting of the Warrington Football Club. The chair was occupie I by Mr R Neil, and he was accompanied on the platform by Mr Thomas Pem erton (hon. treasurer) and Mr Henry Ashton (hon. secretary). In taking the chair, Mr Nsrr, said the position of president of the Vir•irrington Foatball Club was one which he very highly esteemed.

THE REPORTS AND BALANCE SHEET.

CRITICISNI OF ME COANIICUF,4,'S ACTIONS.

The reports and statement of accounts, which have already appeared in the " Examiner," were taken as read.

Mr FREEMAN proposed, and Mr John Jeffery seconded their adoption. Mr S WiticHr said he was very well pleased generally with the statement of accounts,and it was a pleasure to find the club in seen a good financial p3sition. Still there was one item he had to take objection to, and he had taken it at previous meet- ings, and it was to the giving of presents to mem- bers who in the past had rendered service to the club. He thought it was time this practice was ' discontinued There were plenty of means for dis- posing of the money without continuing this prac- tice of making presents He found th re was usually a committee man or two amongst the re- cipieuts. He would not move thatlthe accounts be sent back, but there should, he thought, be an in- struction to the committee to cease to make these presents to past players. Mr FREEMAN said this matter was brou2ht up at the last m sting, and was I ft in the bawls of the committee to deal with as they thought fit. Mr WRIGHT: That was for life members. i Mr Asarois said the committee at the last meeting had considered this question, and unanimously decided that this was the last occasion uoon which these presents weuld be given. The claims of the old players had been fairly considered Uy the committee befmre the presents were mane.

Mr S W JEFFERY said he did not think the general body of tho memb4rs shared the opinion of Mr Wright. When these old players were members, the club was not in a flourishing condition enough to give them what they deserved, and if they treated them stingily now it would not look very well for the club. lie was torry the com- mittee had decided to make this the last occasion on which these presents would be made for the members ought not to begrudge them. I) that was the only excep- tion that could be taken to the balance sheet it only showed how Ratigfactory it was. (Anplatve.) • - - - -

, Mr T BARNES sett., remarked that Mr Ashtoo in his report s'ated trot the pest season had been good one but nit io good as the previous (yawn. That matter,in his opinion, was one upon whinh members would have some misgivings. The last annual report stared that the club had a class of young ;Awn, and thit during the seasan they would probably be able to bold their own. But the season had demonstrated that they had not held their own, aril it was imOovtint that the ' matter should be now inquired into. The secretary also stated that the front division had not withstood the brunt of the forwards who had opoosel them. He did not think it was a matter of strength, but that the fors wards were not machined as they ought tsy have ban. They were placed in the scrimmage in a haphozsrd manner. The committee had not called the attention of the defaulters to their te-ni,soesa. They did cot want the club to be on the downward grad'. They wanted ti show a game that mai werthy of being Witnessed,and he was sure that some of the games had not been of so good a type as those of 14qt season. The half-hack play had been a discredit to the team. The three-quarters in the previous season were considered to be as progressive and capabie as any in Lancashire and Yorkshire. They had not bsen so (luring the past seacon, tisuause they had net been served as they ought to have been by the half-backs. The commit ee ought to have provided capable halt-backs as in tha Grovioua season and not introduce players after the cup ties. At present there scorned no prospect of acquiring bigger forwar Is. The "A" team had had a deplorable season and in his virile it was t itally due to mismanagement. Ple had seers junior trams which had played far better than the " A "team. The receipts also were consider- ably lest than last year. They ought to maintain the prestige they had enjoyed as one of the foremost clubs in Lancashire and Yorkshire, They must lot rest upon their oars simply because they had an evyllent b an ce sheet, Efe thought it was necessary that each member foculd give the matter his candid consideration, and impress it upon the omamittee that they eight to have a better team next year than they had at the present time. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. WARBURTON said he would lika to know whs had paid the fine which bad been imposed for a breach of the professional rules ? Mr. Asnron said he paid the fine 11;inielf. He was the person responsible for the mistake and he felt he coul not ask the club to meat that. (Applause.) It only showed how very careful a secretary had to be concern- ing the rules. Many of the clubs in the Northern Union had had to meet a pueiahmant of a like kind. In their care it wse a very trivial matter and if be had possessed the knowledge Ins now had, the mistake might have been avoided. Mr WARBURTON ,aid not think it fair that Mr Ashton should pay th• £lO. floe. (Hear, hear.) .

Mr TURNER said he was quite in sympathy with what Mr Warburton had said. Any ,ne who had the elightest idea of the intricacies of the professional forms and rules would be able to sympathise with Mr Ashton in his pre• sent position. Most experianeed secretaries had made mistakes of a like kind and the clubs had been mulcted in similar penalties. They ought not to allow Mr Ashton to pay till fine. (Flew.. hoar.) Mr AsiazoN said he was extremely obliged to the pre- vious speakers, but he would prefer the matter to be allowed tip stand as it was. Mc would rather pay the fine himself than ask the club to pay it.

After a furthor diieussina it was urianirneuely decided that the club ehould pay tho.fine:

The CHAIRMAN, 111 -conveying the decision of the meet- ing to Mr Ashton, said it was extremely kind et the secretary to have paid the fine. The members were unanimously agreed that Mr Ashtnn iheuld not suffer the 109 S. In concliWon, the Chairmau thanked Mr Ashton for his action in the matter. (vr, -ear, bear.' ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. Thll PRESIDENT thanked the memb•rs for having honoured him with the position during the past year. It had bean a great pleasure to him to occupy the posi- tion. He had not been a Rogbyite, if he might CO 619 - Cribs it ; he had been more associated with the Associa- tion game, but gimp he came to Warrington about four years age, he had tiirin an interest in the Clu'-, and was new quite as enthusiast', as anybody in seeing Fish get a try. (lipplause). He was beginning to know both the players and the gime better He thought the same gentleman shesild not be president always, and he did not in the least objr,ct to Mr J E Warren's name being put against his for the position Ha bad, however, received a Very kind letter from Mr Warren—a letteii which was too flittering to read—in which Mr Warren withdrew MS name. On the motion of Mr WEBsTER, seconded by Mr WAR- BURTON Mr Njlwas unanimously re-elected president.

The PRESIDENT t-h;nl-r(4 the members for re-electing him. He said he was proud to be president of such a club. Ho hard the next memos would ha batter than the lai,t from a playing point of view Mr Barnes had voicel ar t ,er gfrioni forehodinr,, but the report was not a bad one, and rhPF hid ev. ry •-n to lo,k for- ward with hope. ThAv h4d wen d 14e hoped

===== 0002601_19020523_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Hamilton-street Evening School. The managers Of this school have just receive(' the following report for the seesion 1901-o'2 foul ills Majesty's inspector :—" The progress of til! pupils is well marked, and mucu good work 119" been accomplished."

Local Failu -es. Tuesday night's " London Gazette " giveS tb; following particulars of the first meetings and date of public examinations of the following :—Vt J., Weston, Runcorn, labourer, formerly feral; first meeting and public examination, June,„ Court Howse, Warrington; Hayes J , Runcorn, p5l ter ; first meeting and public examination, Juno Court House, Palmvra-square, Warrington. Work Amongst Ticket of Leave Men. !di For more than twenty years a quiet but not" work has been done amongst returned convictS the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission of tho Diocesan C.E.T S. One member of the staff h„6O ' dealt with nineteen convicts on license during t's past year. Each man and woman on discharge 11, a sum of money to receive from the prison antbtro ties rind the discharged prisoners aid society. 1."0. is paid to them through the agency of the mis Sic,.• and in this way the missionary is able to advise t°, convict in the spending of the money. Sometin3e°o donkey and cart are purchased to enable a Etifi,.o to comn.ence hawking; clothes and tools s'j bought, work provided at the Society's FireWl)o and Mat Factory or elsewhere, and the men a' thus kept in touch with the Missionary. One me,„133; ber of the staff who was appointed by the Office, on the recommendation of the LiverP?ii, City Justices three years ago, makes weekly visl,,y to Walton Prison, to converse with prisoners abcs to be discharged. Three of the missionaries of Police Court and Prison Gate Mission work in C 075 nection with discharged prisoners, namely :—Mt ; Goldstone, for South-West Lancashire and Will 4„4 Mr G L Barber, of Southport. for the Preston Mil Lancashire t • and Mr 11 Taylor, of Warringt°„l for th 9 Manchester and Salford Hundred t:e prisoners on discharge belonging to their respect' districts.

The Half-Holiday Movement at Warringte: Some of tffe leading tradesmen of the town os'af elected voluntarily to celebrate the Coronation Ye7j, by adopting a Thursday half-holiday, and this W't. give further impetus to the half-holiday movelnels Commencing on Thursday. June sth, 733"0-e of the shops in the town will closed at one o'clock. The list of trade includes most of the leading shopkeepers 10At,1 town and efforts are being made to make Th110:f-s. afternoon a general half -holiday for shopkreP,7"4 The Co-operative Stores at present close on Tile!,l"if afternoons, but if the Thursday afternoon holl";e n - becomes general, we uderstana that the Co-oP,re"he tive Society will fall in with the arrangement' ; Shop Assistants Asociation has asked permissi°—•cy send a deputation to the Warring'on and Di'tftlao Grocers and Provision Dealers Association oil ' matter.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
tl4l -To-rpid Liver, lndi e stict, Constiklation, Dizziness, kumed Toioicue. They Tech the be aro Una Eh

Breath 311

tween— • Teeeb Good Teeth and Bad Teat. 17hita 'Teeth and IrellOW Ted 4 Pretty Teeth .nd POI re,7l Complete in Toilet Tote% rowdea.

. There is Security rn A rtie arena en ` ~' t ntilt"'.. every re.:;l',4 CARTER'S -' cf .;isl IVER Small Pill. 'IA Small Doa PILLS Small Price e. 80Z00"1:12f• dr Will Sweeten ft-- . .. • and •• , .“,ere,. shsolutely cure Sick Headache

===== 0002601_19020523_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

MAY. FROM WARRINR-TOS

&don Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 22, 12 5, 15, 255 5 20,6 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Um). and Hillhouse-715835, all 2,1 25, al 30,a 40, 6 15, 47 15,86 a 9 25, Sundays 9 31 2 5,9 5. is Stops if required. .Birraingham (L N.-W,) a 2 58.5 323, 710, 9,45 11 57 I.°. 25. 5 20, 720 11 34. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, 45,11 35 `uscudays excepted. bilondays only. rraingham (Midland)-5 51,19 58, 11 55,12 55, 37,5 22 Sundays 11 55 a.m. 420,5 15 p.m a Blackburn -5 45, 8 35. 956, 11 42 Si 15,4 50, 6 26,8 50. 11r„I'DaYs 843, chi 39,3 5.a via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays 2tackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42, al 15, 350, 4 50.6 26 717,8 50, 40. Sundays 843. 3 35,6 0. a leaves at 210 on Isaturlhy. Bolton- 8 n, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 "1.920, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15, 858 p.m. ~. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. al 15, 4 50,53 55. Sundays 4350 64. a leaves 210 en Saturdays 55aturdays accepted. oheste(-7 37, 8 17,9 2,10 23, 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 16, 2.20 19.422,51,6 4,7 44,10 14,11 35 Sundays 8 44,10 36,7,45,11 35, Dolidus Green-7 5. 85. 6 23. 10 10,12 7, 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, '8,,8,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 843,60. ....wawa-4 58,53 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 23, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 '14.1,720, 1134. Sundays 258, 10 15,4 5,11 35. ailondays exceP6s€l. Mondays only. enareabury-7 37,9 2, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 10 14 °44Days 8 44, a,na. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5 51, 8 46,9 53, 1155,12 55, S 13, 417 5 22,6 55, Sundays a 1156 am,a 420 ,515 p.m a stop wilen zegnired , Xarlestoan--5 45, 75, 8 5,8 25,8 35, 925, 1010 1055,11 55 A. 2 7, 1 15,2 35,3 40 3 50, 5 15, •.P 33,'' 2 ? 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 .4144DY8,7 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10,6 0,7 57,9 04 p.m Fiddler's Ferry lc Penketh-7 30. 8 25, 945 11 53,1 55 428515, 6 17,7 4-1, 9 48. Sundays 9 5, 2 40. 8 0. F• rodsharn-7 37, 9 2 1023. 1.225. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 57, 6 4 16 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. marsto, n (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 757. 835.9 5. 10 512 0 • 2 10.40 529 75, 85, 5951. dlO 35.1139 Sunday 11.22, 2 39. 7 30,9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only battraaye excepted. 131a5gow-5 28.9 57,11 42,1.1 55, al 15 4 509 55. Sundays 964 41„444as 210 on Saturday. '4olbonae-5 45. 75.8 85. 10 55. 11 55, 1 15, 3 50, 515 7 17 , 2 SR Sundays 8 43.6 C. 44°1,01 Green-7 12, 82, 8 31, 1.0 5. 12 0, 1 5 2 13,4 0529 6 15,7 5, 715,8 0,9 25,5 9 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 9.31,11 22,2 39, 916. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (oenlral)-7 0,7 55, 8 2, 7 10,9 15 Bundays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 9 55. o Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, r 7 08. 10 49, 12 36, 1. 14. a 2 423, 3 58. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, " 27. Sundays 850,38, 812. aSaturdaye only. Liverpool (L. 2: N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 25b. 75, 85,8 25 12, 25,10 55, 12 7 2,55 3.40 5 15, 6 33, 78.740 9 25,10 30. '4Unday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35. 843, 328.510.60. 9 54. From high Level Platform. Mondays excepted. bMon.lays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platforna)-7 30, 825. 10 11 53, 55, 3 20,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 913. Sundivs 95, 2 40, 80 kaLiverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 82, 95, 10 26. 120. 117, 2 10,2 21, 3 18, 40. 5 55.55. Oil. 10 33.11 20 11 39. Buudays4 30, 5 30,9 2, 9 55,1122,2 60,2 39, 7 1.0, 828, 9 18 , • 20, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool 1150 minutes past the hour. Lon.(on 4L. 5( N. W.)-2 585, 0323, 7 10, 8 23, 9 45,10 20, 1..167. 15,2 0, 5 20, 1134. ,:undays 2 58,10 15,4 5,11 35, mundays excepted. ablondays only. A e,tortdou (Midland)--5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 55, 3 14a, 5 22, , Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4205 15 p.m. «Saturdays only. 1 4Yrain (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22.8 0,8 35, 9 0.055 ‘"46,12 36, 114, a 2 23, 3 38, 4 11. 5 18, 613, 76, a 7 45. 927 „... --tdaYs 8 50, 3 8,8 12. aSaturdays only 9 i'manchester (L. dz N.-W.) 5 45, 75, 85. 8 25, 8 35, 7 9 2,5,10 43,10 55,12 18. 2 29,2 35, 332, 4 26, 5 32, 543 7 a 8,9 20. 1033. Sundays 3 10. 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60, )3 858 rOM High Level Platform. 9 .'"'•ahchester (From ()splay Station)- 617 1 22,7 57, 832 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 38. 4 11, 6 13. 78, 9 27, 11 40, .`"4a911....;'s 8 48, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 107;"chester (Cheshire Lines)-7 2, 7 55, 8 2,2 55, 98,9 55 1123,11 65, 12 55, 1 55,2 55. 355, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 8 55, 55, 8 13, 8 55,9 11, 9 55, alo 2. all 15, bll 49, all 57, 1,e,443's 845. 937. 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 55 9 25 935 Saturdays only, sSaturdays excepted. tiddiewich-7 40. 10 23, 2 55, 5 35,7 20. No Sunday trains 'loore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 1042,740 n-l-Willows- b 3 10. 5 45,7 5, 8 5, 8 35,a9 19, 10 10 10 55 1155. 12 7,12 18,11.5, 2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 4 50', a 6 43,1 17 9 20. 9 .1030.55 Sundays 3 10, 7 40. 843 a m 15,5 0.7 57 858 9 54a via Kenyon,bdiondays excepted 5 se"42ate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 ?.7 10, 8 13, 9 is. Sundays 8 45. 10 14, 7 44, 5 15, 935 4 peston-5 20. 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 11 42, 11 55, bl 15, 3 50 9 926 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 338 60, r,• asaturdays only. bleaves at 210 on Saturdays. el:3Com-7 33j, a 25. 9 45, 109. 1 55, 3 20, 515, 6 1.7, 7 41. 2 17.441,e-Y (for Penketh)-7 15, 82, 9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1-5 99', 58, 40 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 85, 9 25, a 9 40 510 36, Sundays • 11 22, 2 39, 95, 918 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays - (C.L.C.) 2 0 emeid (ilid....md) via Chinlev and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 4,1 42 55,3 13,4 17. 6 55. Sundays 937 am 515, a Tuesdays 81 Thursdays only. Relents- 7 5, 86. 8 25. V. .0, 10 55, all 53, 12 7 2 35 3 40, §l6, 633. 7 8,7 40, 925. 10 30 Sundays 43 &9 5, .2 40, 6 0,a6 0, 9 54 a via Widnes 800111136 rt (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, ,s 9 50. 11 3, 125 ' O. 633 6 15,7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,3 5, 9 5, a l.turday 0a1V• loThelwall-krom Arpiey Station. 6 15, 7 22,8 0.8 30,9 4,9 58 449. 12 36,1 14. ad 2.3,2 38, 411, 618, 613. 78, a 7 45,9 27. `14,,Y8, 850, 3 8, 8 1, a Saturdays only. 2 Tfj`Dhes (Cheshire Lines)-?56, 95 15 5, 11 5, 100 15, . 258, 40, 529, 6 15, 75,8 5, 925, as 40, 510 35. S un- -0.0 90, 9 31, 2 39, 918, 10aSaturdayl excepted, sSaturdays 3 jidnee ( L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 20 615.617, 7:40, 948. Sundays, 96,240.80. 5 20, 5 45, 7 5, 8 35, 956, 10 55,11 43,11 55, 115 42 10 2 59, 3 50,4 50, 5 15. 6 2:3.7 17.850. 9 40.9 51. Sundays 43, 3 35, 60. 9 ha. scsaturdays only

===== 0002601_19020523_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD ROSEBERY

- 411.,6 tfriliing speeches. Holidroyd's Gravel m p Pills car: Inft eases of Gravel, Lu bago. Selattoa. lek aeh 144eY % Diseases, ate. A guaranteed cure. Try a bra. IT „111. all Chemists. Post free 12 stem PS. Iloldroyd's 1241 Cleokkeafon, Yorks. (1)•

===== 0002601_19020523_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM FOR COMMISSION.

A Warrington Firm Sued in the County Court.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
A Disputed Telephone Communication.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, last week before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, 8.C., George,Fuller,4o,Brazenome-street,lldanohester, brought an action against Messrs Skelton's Ltd, Warriegtoss to recover £33 10e, commission alleged to be due to him for negotiatiag a loan for the defendants amounting to £4,soo—Mr Ambrose Jones,harrister, (instructed by Mr Watson, Manchester) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Rutledge, barrister, Liverpool, (instructed by Messrs Davies and Forshaw) represented the defendants. Mr Jones, in opening the case, said his client was a 4 surveyor and agent, and part of his business was to negotiate loans for persons who desired to raise money on mortgage. About the beginning of this year the defendants were desirous of raising a loan for £4.50e, to be secured on a mortgage on their property in Warring- ton. They placed the matter in the hands of their solicitors, Messrs Davies and Forshaw, who in the course of their inquiries,made for the purpose of bringing about the loan, became acquainted with a Mr Wilson, who carried on business in Manchester. This gentle- man suggested to the plaintiff that he would perhaps be able to negotiate the loan for the defendants: On the 4th February Mr Fuller wrote to Messrs Davies and ' Forshaw and stated that his terms for the negotiating of the loan would be £l2l 5s and disbursements, made up at (1) mortgagee's solicitor's costs for procuring the mortege, £33 15s ; (2) perusing title, £42 10s, and (3) plaintiff's conarniseion at the ordinary rate of one per cent, £45, Messrs Davies and Forshaw replied on the sth February to the effect that their clients considered the costs excessive and would not be prepared to pay anything like that amount. Further correspondence took place and as a result plaintiff came ever to War- rington on the 12th February to attend a meeting of the directors of Skelton's Limited. At that time the question of costs seemed to be atilt open but Mr For- sh tw authorieed the plaintiff to proceed withthe negotia- ting of the loam As a result of this,plaintiff corresponded with a ;firm of solicitors in Manchester, Messrs Mann and Rooke, who tell him that they had a client who had the money, and would be prepared to advance the same if the security was satisfactory. In consequence of this, Mr Fuller came over and inspected the property, and recommended it as a satisfactory investment. When the question of costs was discussed, Mr Forshaw said he was prepered to take his chance at to what he should get from his clients in the matter. Subse- quently Mr Fuller saw Messrs Mann and Rooke and came to an arrangement that they should waive their procuration fee (£33 153) and he (plaintiff) would accept that amount from the defendants as his corn. mission. The whole cost of the transaction, including £47 for perusing the title, and stamps, would then be £BO 153. On February 20th, Messrs Davies and Forshaw wrote to the plaintiff stating that the , question of costs was satisfactmily arranged Plain- tiff then verete to Messrs Mann and Rooks stating that the whole thing was now atranzed, and everything was ready to he put through. Mr Fuller subsequently saw Mr Wilson who told him that he had heard that the whole matter would be put before a meeting of directors so that they could confirm the action of their solicitors. On:Februaryl2stle a letter wasreceived from Messrs Mann and Rooke Raping that the money was in band, and on February 26th Messrs Davies and Forshaw informed the plaintiff that the directors had refused to take up the loan. That was the first he heard of any repudiation of the arrangements which had been made by defendants' solicitors. Plaintiff wrote to Messrs Davies and For- shaw to the effect that as he had proeured the loan he would look to them for his commission. They replied that no terms had been agreed upon and that plaintiff was not instructed to obtain the money. Although plaintiff went over to Warrington to inspect the pre- perty and although Mann and Rooka had the money ready to advance, defendants turned round at the last moment and said plaintiff had no authority to get the loan. He (Mr Jones) submitted that plaintiff had ful- filled his part of the bargain and was entitled to com- mission. _

Plaintiff was then called, and stated that on the 15th February Mr Forshaw wrote informing him that the direetors had decided that the costs (£l2l ss) were too great to allow the matter to go through, but if the plaintiff could reduce the solicitor's costs and the pro- curation fee. he thought the matter would go through. He and Mr Forshaw continued to correspond, and on the 17th February he wrote to Mr Forshaw complaining that he (Mr Forshaw) did net make any definite offer regarding the coats. He (plaintiff) arranged with Messrs Mann and Rooke that they should waive their procuration fee which should be handed over to the plaintiff as his commission. This brought the costs including the procuration fee and the Perusing fee down to £BO 153. A. day or two before the 20th February Mr Forshaw rang him up and said the directors would accept the reduced costs and that he (Mr Forshaw) would try and get the procuration fee increased to one per cent. He (witness) considered this a binding instruction and at once wrote Messrs Mann and Rooks, saying that the arrangements were corn- plated. In oross-examination plaintiff denied that at the cernmencement of the negotiations Mr Forshaw told him that the director.; would not entertain the matter until they knew what the whole of the coste would be. Mr Forshaw did not say that the directors would never I think of paying the full scale of costs, on the ' contrary he said they would pay it. On February 18th or 19th Mr Forshaw telephoned to him to sev that his clients were prepared to pay the solicitors' iteveetigating fee, and the negotiating fee, which he would try to get increased to one per cent, and he asked plaintiff if the clatter could be carried through. Plaintiff replied that he thought it could. For the defence Mr Rutledge said the plaintiff's state- ment as to the telephonic communication on February 1813 or 19th was the statement oa which his case would either stand or fall. His (Mr Rutledge'a) case was an absolute denial that Such a communication took place. He pointed out that in a letter on February 21st plaintiff made no reference whatever to the alleged telephonic communication. Mr W J Forshaw, solicitor, gave evidence and denied telling the plaintiff that the directors would pay the full scale of charges. He told him that the directors must I know what the full costs would be before they would entertain the matter. Plaintiff attended a directors' meeting and when he said that the cost would he £l2l the directors told him that they would net pay any such sum. Plaintiff said he would like the matter to go thrnueh if it were possible and the directors said they would let him know their decision in a few dare. Witness communicated with plaintiff on February 15th by telephone, and told him that the charges submitted were to high and that he was instructed to tell him that the matter was " off." He also sent plaintiff a letter to the same effect. He never told the plaintiff that defendants were prepared to nay the solicitors' inves- tigating fee, and the negotiating fee, and that he would try to get the latter increased to one per cent. He had no entry in his books of the telephonic communica- tion.

Mr W Skn!ton. a directnr of the defendant company, said plaintiff's offer was rejected'ewing to the amount of the exoensep. _ . _

Mr Rutledge submitted that plaintiff had not one tittle of corroboration of his version of the case, and that he had been too premature in arranging for the luau. Mr N Jones again addressed the Court. His Honour said the difficulty was that both parties were gentlemen of the highest reapectabilitv, and were beyond any suspicion of having stated what they knew was not the case. He did not think the plaintiff's evi- dence, given in perfectly good faith, was tufficient to be relied upon to show that a binding and definite agreement was arrived at. In face of the subsequent letters written by the plaintiff he thought Mr Fuller must have misapprehended the intention and effect of the telephonic communicat;oo. Re gave judg- ment for the defendants. but with regard to the costs, plaintiff must pay nothing except the bare taxed costs that be was bound to pay.

Local Delegates at Conferences. The annual congress of the Co-operative Union is being held this week at Exeter, where more than 1,000 delegates aseembled. At a meeting on Mon- day the president gave an address and spoke on the progress of the movement. The representatives of the Warrington branch are Messrs Rathbone, Jeffrey, Critchlay and Dunbobbin.—Mr E Pester is the Warrington representative at the annual meet- '' of the National Independent Order of Odd- fellows which commenced on Monday in the Friendly and Trade Societies Club, Huddersfield.

FrA'aitt'r ,—ro. THE TEETH AND BREATH.-- ThOrOtighT cleanses the teeth from- all parasites or Impurities, harden ,e.riess and a the gums, previ.ntS tartar stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly xsh to the breath. Price is. 6 ~,,pawder.., a all the liquid, or le. per jar for delightful fragrance DIRCOVHELY FOR THE aA/R ..1 11 Chemists and Perfumers.— or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR tt,tilt 1 the ratAF;grAi grey Thirl le Bey D. your hair tc gENEwER, for it will positively restore in white hair to its original colour. It mai,s tr hair charmingly er. 3' case, grey or beautiful, as we I as promoting the grow per bottle.—ild'if• growth. Price ‘3l 6d To Momktsax.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers fors their 3hildren while teething, with perfect success, It will rellve the Toorsufforer immediately. It is pleasant to taste -and prof:lmes natural Quiet Mew, oy relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of ill( Chemists is lid per bottle. .Advt. , CLARKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure' in either sex, all acquired or oonetitutional Discharges from the 1 Urinary Organs, Gravel and rains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4e. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midlaudltlounties DrugOoMpany Lincoln.— Advi,.

FOR THE BLOOD !S THE. LIFE

CLARKE'S woRLD-Flim ED

BLOOD MIXTURE

7.1'11-01JSA-IDS ON TSSTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blcod Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial Irons the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc tr,ht,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cfeanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rbeuma 4c Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ils, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pr prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DE t] eQNPALI LZIOOLN. Beware worthless imitiation •

al IN Itil'of ly ti u , t , 0.

/-

, ' ''''

===== 0002601_19020523_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19020523_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TIM EXAMINER FRIDAY MAY 23, 190t1

===== 0002601_19020523_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
SUIT

for 5/- down, and 7 month- ly payments 5/- each, making a total if 401- for a suit your local ailor would charge you 60/- for. You can have our well- known. .

CORONATION SERGE In lay), Blue, Dark Grey, Mid Grey, or Black

Send a Postcard to-day for Patterns and Self-measurement forms to - -

C. E. WRIGHT & CO.,

Merchant Tailors & Clothiers, 649 Zio 651 Vernliffo Read, and 42 Atterc;itte Common, SHEFFIELD.

Carriage paid on all orderg. We send money back in full if not

satu,factury.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
' AP SEP! U.S'Sr_OE'OSIT . - ro i • COODS 0 ' EIVt CARRIA EP• ID. .. FOR EEKLYF, &It The Bundle contains 1 pair full-size Blankets, 1 pair best quality Twill Sheets, 1 large size Quilt (red and whiteor blue and white), 1 fall-size coloured , striped Bedtick, 1 8., ,ter-tlck, also 2 Pillows to match, 4 ids of good Sh rting (Oxford or Grandrill), 3 yds spljidid Flannel (white, scarlet, or health), 6 yds best quality Flannelette, 2 Calico Pillow Cases, 1 Calico sister Case, 3 yard, good Towelling with coloured border, 1 large white labl2eleth. Send 5/. - deposit , and we will forward, carriage paid. The price is only 52/6. You then pay 1/6 weekly, or 3/- foxtuightly, until paid tor. Cash price is only 451. Write for Catalogue of Furniture for Weekly Payments. • taIEADOWSTSHErne

===== 0002601_19020523_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Weak Stomach, Im

paired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THWNEW FRIINOHJUIMEIDT. THERA PION This successful and highly • popular remedy, as eur- played in the Continental Hospitals by Eticord Bostan,= Afetpean, and others. surpasses everything hitherto em for Impurity. of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism. gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical eahaus- tio.., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forma Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Run pauticulare send stamped addressed envelope for uluniplet to

MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-BWARE. LONDOI, W.O

===== 0002601_19020523_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE INFIRMARY

IS THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR .. BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO BMILL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYOLII IN A FIOV HOURS.

FREE WHEELS FITTRD IN TWO DAYS.

TYRES ER:ITI-NED EQUAL TO

NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GRARANTEED.

Cycles built to order from Perry's Badieb, 8.5. A.„ and hater Lee fittings, Agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS.

D. II G . UEST,

CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. ALL GOODS MADE ON THE rItEMISRS FROM PURE.AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early,

can choose their own Mottoes.

LANCASHIRE CASH BAK ERY Co., LTD.

BRANCHES : BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

SKELTON'S LIMITED

11ORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND DISPLAY OF

CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &C

SPLENDID STOCK OF

CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTRO PLAIN AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, H ORS EMARK REET, WARRINGTON.

TOW LE'S HLORODYNE Renownnd for COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORO DYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S ( 3HLORODY NE INA Asthma. TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE Spasms, 24 doses for 2s. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE

ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

GARTON'S IMPROVED BREED OF

YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL Is THE BEST.

Awarded a Champion Prize of En in addition to other leading FIR3T PRIZES in 19C1.

Price 1/- per lb.; 105/- rer cwt. CARRIAGE PAID & 5 PER CENT. DISCOUNT

FOR EARLY PAYMENT.

OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

FOR GRASSES, CLOVERS, TURNIPS, AND ALL OTHER FARM SEEDS, SEE OUR CATA- LOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

GARTONS

SEED EXPERTS AND GROWERS,

WARRINGTON.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, ..J 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS

makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even f n Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE

PIANO-SMITH IN -IiRCIESTE R. Send to SMITtt for CATALOGUE, Poet Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 61. MONTHLY I ORGANS „ ss. 01. TILL PAID FOR. f

Every Instrument 'guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange,

YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY,

TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years. and Iffy goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very smelt sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SAIITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCIDISTEIL. FIRST-CLASS TUBERS SENT TO ALL PARTS.

BRANCHES AT LRIGH : 35, liailway-road, ST. HELENS : 99, Corporation-street.

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER.

BY SPECIAL ROYAL TO HIS MAJESTY THE AWPAPBORINANTIEM

AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE

OF WALES.

HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEE HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, FIORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON,

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE?

LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEVi'SE-Y-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WHEN?

EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY

PRICE?

SET 21S. SINGLE TOOTH 2. 6D.

W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, 46 AND 48, BRIDGE STREET,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

RE MAXINE, A VERY EXTENSIVE AND

SPECIAL DISPLAY

IN TKEIR

COSTUME SHOWROOMS

ALSO:A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF

LACES. COLLARS, SUNSHADES,

BLOUSES, SLIPS ac., &c.

F URN ISHI&O AND HOLISEIIOLD

DRAPERY.

W. H. LIMITED, INVITE AN INSPECTION OF THEIR EXTENSIVE STOCK IN THIS DEPARTMENT,

===== 0002601_19020523_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
, .-; .

•• • •

111111 k

===== 0002601_19020523_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
snrlageifitb.

WANTHD. superior CiliNg &AL, plain cooking Y. W.C.A. Institute; no washing; good wages .-67 ARDITICK GREEN, Manchester.

GOOD ESTABLISHED FUENITURE BROKELeS; /t plate glass winlow; rent Bs. 6d. : stock optional,- 448, Aswros OLD-ROAD. Openshaw, Manchester.

NVAZITISD a good General SISRVAST, with knowledge of plain cooking.—Apply, Mrs. DAVIE% 8, Gaolgate- street, Stafford.

ML AILCART.—Stylish Cane CAR convertible, tingle, double, or reclining ; reversible hood and folding abatis ; condition, new ; 455., approval.-34, BDITE-ROID, Seaaombe.

wage. particulars.

JA(*Bead Wanted by Messrs 0001 C & Saxe, ttomtord-street, Bonalev ; 51 per week sad advancement.; night work only. Stamp tor

A- N Nngliahman living in Aultria is ready tO- receive Agencies for large wholesale or manufacturing houses for Austria and Htmgary.Address P. N., 5.37, R. Molise Graben, Prag, Austria.

I 7" TO 30a A WINK may be made by either sex in 0 spare time, or evenings.—Baelose addressed enve- lope in own writing.--Messrs liummlSElr, 10, Tennyson treat, Battersea, London, S.W.

sor 7 Banded Cigars in cedar bax, Is id; with 4 assorted packets cigarettes, 28.—BATES, Bookham, Leatherhead.

INVIG OR ATING Lavender Salta, beautifully mounted P.O.'s, is W.—Kinn, 58 Albion-road, Dalston, London

1 0 000 kLALWBILLB, 7fr 0, printed in 9 good style for 10s. Cash with order.—l F- . PRINTLNG, Brighton.

GIYBY AWAY (to advertise) for one Month only, 530 WRINGING MACHINES, carriage paid. Send Post- card for partioulars.—iAßDlN. Market-street, Bury, Lancs.

10RONAILON COIFFURE.—et M wires for dressing hair,and splendid Souvenir Brooch, by post, 12 stamps. —G., 127 Kirkwood-road, Peckham, S.H.

BtiUT DNALNUS.—.Erade supplied, lowest who Lea ale prices.—Hotztes. Boot Warehouse, Jubilee-road, Leicester. 1902 Illust;atetl Price List. 400 varieties in stock.

GOOD, Sound, 'Reliable Information. No puff. Tuesday's wire,and letter, 53 P.O. Gore, Congratulation. First Zrinoipal, Silver Song.—lL. BIRD, 143, West-street, Sheffield.

B 0 OIS I BOOTS ! BOORS I Buy direor and save 20 per cent. Single pairs sold. Carriage free. Send for price list to ROBIRT'S WHOLESALE BOOT WAREHOUSE, 82, Lower Marsh. Lambeth, London.

TUISKSY ssGars, from very lime taote birds. 7s bct uezeu, packed free (now ready). unfertiles replaced.—HAWKES, Doe's Hill Farm, Nevension. Battersbridge. 5.0.. Essex.

FOR EVE'RY

'ARDEN. Sow NOW

S WEET PEA, GIANT-FLOWERED VARIETIES. ALL POSI FRBE.

Special Selectitn of the most brilliant of these fragrant. beautiful, and easily-grown hardy annuals. No plant furnish such a long supply of dainty flowers for all per poses. Our stocks are If nglish-grown, hand-picked, and confidently offered es the very beat. Unique Colleetdon,l2 brilliant and novel sotts for 5/ Collection of 12 choice sorts, all separate, for 1.60 z, In 24 splendid sorts (separate) lO- / in 16 splendid sorts (separate) Rainbow Mixture Mixture of splendid sorts, 6d per or., 1/5 for 4oz.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIABLE SEED ,FOR EVERY GARDEN.

LIST POST PEE& FROII ROBERT P. KEE & SONS, CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS 11

„LATEST Novinanis SUITABLE YOU PRESENTS LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED itr HAL AN Hour' YROM 38. 6/3. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY ANDOPPOSITE CONSTANTINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS,

BMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCIDENT DISEASE. Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria, Atc. BURGLARY& FIDELITY INSURANCE RAIL WAY PASSENGERS'

ASSURANCE Co. Establiebed 1849.

CLAIMS PAID £1,450,000 84, CORAHILL.LUNDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHHSTHR OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST.

Agents wanted in unrepresented districts. AGENTS:

Warrington HOLMES, Market Gate

„ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesseliffe, Vietoris;-rd„Latehtord St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGB The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge Farnsworth Mr. J. 14()LLAND WATSON.Mnernield Hone

LADIES.

LADIES.

Mrs. S STAFFORD-BHOOKRS,the eminent Lady Specialist in all Female Complaints, has much pleasure In announcing -that her REMHDY for restoring regularity WITHOUT MEIDICINH is the only positive, safe certain, and speedy one known. It acts almost immediately, and does not in- terfere with household. duties. I guarantee every case. . .

Send at once stamped addressed e ivalope for full particu- lars and most convincing testimonials (Guaranteed Genuine under a penalty of £1,000)to Mrs. S STAFFORD-BROOKES 10 Featherstone Buildings, High Holborn. London, W C.

DR. J.

COLLIS BROW ;IBS CHLORODYNE.

THE ORIGINAL AND -6riii -GENUINE.

CHLoliolifKgiWed-itiii-te-d-W Ch-e-icOCeesion to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever di. oovered.

eitiLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for ii.. J Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diplathena, Fever, ...

Croup, Ague. CffLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Cholera end Dysentery. fIIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks 11,_) of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. TIIILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gib, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, fdentngitia,

From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND Co., Horneastle.

We have made pretty extensive use of Ohlorodyne in our practice lately mad look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whstever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posse. . this great advantage over all other sedative.; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

•• Bari Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Conant at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOILD- DYNN."—See Lancet. lit December. 1864. nAITI/ON.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. _ _

I-Carflox.—Vlce-Chancelcoiiii-ij. rasa Won. stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BRoWNE was, anioubtedly, the Inventor cf "OHLORODYNB " and that the story of the defendant NREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See mes, 13th July, 1884. Sold in bottles at Is. Its(7, 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None Is genuine valthout the words " OR. J. COLLIS BROWNH'S £HLO3BOOYSfiI "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm; lug Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

JOHN WALKER & CO. BEVirSEY STREET WARRINGTON.. PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN COMMERCIAL PRINTING PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING. WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. AT THB T 11.AAMINER PRINTING v v ORKS

EXAMINER OFFICE, STATEMENTS. MEMORANDUMS SUMMONSES CATALOGUES LEDGERS JOURNALS DAY BOOKS, ac.

CASH BOOKS

IVIA.DE TO ORDER. ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

BOOKBINDING, Scc.

PRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS COMMERCIAL PRINTING. JOHN WALKER AND Co.,

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, BE WSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19020523_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:1-1;

===== 0002601_19020523_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
fatterg to the Ebttor.

A Point for the Police.

Sir.—May I be allowed through the medium of your columns to protest agsinst the scorching of certain cyclists along the Liverpool-road frem Sankey to Bold Bridge. On Wedeesday night a party of these law- breakers deliberately charged the rear of the Lovely-lane Cycling Club, dashing into them at the rate of twenty miles an hour without either ringing their bells or giving warning of any kind. An accident was just prevented by the skilful steering of one of toe members.—Trustiog this may noet the attention of some oue in authority, I am, yours &c., A AESIBER OF THE L.L.C.C.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Cricket matches in this district were brought to a premature conclusion on Saturday by the heavy rain. Warrington visited Liverpool to encounter the Northern eleven and after half an hour's play rain stopped the game for half an hour, whilst at half-past five when Northern had declared their innings closed, rain came down in torrents and the match was eventually abandoned.

A capital start was made by the Rev J Burrough and B. K Fernie against the bowling elf Lynes and W H Podmore. The wicket was very fast and with the boundaries being small, runs earnelat a fast rate. J W Bibby relieved Podmore at 35, whilst Connor took the ball from Lynes at 50. The last-named soon met with success getting Fernie caught at cover slip, whilst at 64 Burrough was taken by Callon in the slips.

Another excellent stand was made by E L Pick and W Fraser, the pair adding 43 before Lynes broke through Pick's defence. Podmore resumed at 120 and met with remarkable success, taking two wickets in his second over and getting E S Pilling, caught at deep square leg. With the score at 133 for six wickets the innings was declared closed, but the players had only reached the pavilion when rain fell very heavily and further play was impossible.

Cycling. About a dozen members of the Warrington Cycling Club spent the Whitsuntide holidays at Glyndyfrdwy, which is situated about midway up the beautiful vale of Llangollen. The weather was anything but springlike, frequent falls of hail and snow taking the place of what would have been preferred, namely, brilliant sunshine. In spite of these drawbacks a very enjoyable week-end was spent in visiting all the attractive spots, viz., Llan- gollen, Carrog, &c. The party arrived in Warrington in good time on Monday night satisfied with the all-too- brief holiday. Another small party of the club spent the holidays in the neighbourhood of Farndon and Overton-on-Dee,and from reports to hand seem to have enjoyed themselves fairly-well.

On Monday afternoon the management of the New Brighton Tower Company arranged an attractive pro- g,ra lime of cycle races, including scratch, handicap, and novice events, for all of which there was a capital entrance. We notice that in the mile handicap, J A Watson, of Warrington, was the fastest heat winner, his time being 2mins, 9-45 secs.

In a cycle race for a 100-guinea cup at Plymouth, on M nday, a sensational accident occurred, five men being seriously injured.

A donkey, yoked to a coster's barrow, was ambling along unconcernedly near Aldgate Station, London, on Saturday, when a venturesome youth on a bicycle endeavoured to cross in front of it. The enterprise was disastrous. The donkey's fore foot got into the front wheel, his hind feet smashed the back wheel, and,the youth lay sprawling in the road. He was picked up by sympathetic spectators. To disentangle the animal was more difficult, but the task was accomplished finally by turning it on its back and, picking _the remains of the bicycle from its feet.

A shocking cycling fatality occurred on Monday, resulting in the death of a solicitor's clerk, named Cyril Robert Emitt, son of a coal merchant's agent living at Holbeach, Lincolnshire. He was cycling into the station yard, and at the same time a cart heavily laden with coal was coming out. The cyclist, to avoid a collision, turned sharply, with the result that he was pitched off, and fell under the cart, The wheels passed over his head and body, death being instantaneous.

In connection with the Coronation festivities at Bristol, the cyclists will head the procession. The Lord Mayor has intimated that the cyclists must not exceed 300, because of the huge size of the procession. £25 will be distributed equally between lady and gentleraan riders for the best decorated machines. Riders are to be in cycling costume, and not fancy dress.

A new handle bar for racing men has been recently patented. In place of the usual cork handle, the entiro bar is covered with a layer of cork, thus affording many comfortable chartgoa nf grip.

According to the " Financial News" the output of cycles at Coventry and Birmingham is larger than at any time since the boom in 1896.

Foot Racing.

At the Sefton Amateur Athletic and Cycling Sports held on Monday, L Green, of Sankey Harriers (15) came in third in the 220 yards fiat race (open). In the one mile flat race (open) J Ditchfield, Widnes (130),obtained second position, and J Welsh, St Helens (120), was third.

J Moran, of Warrington (12k) won the third prize in the 220 yards flat race at Wigan Infirmary sports on Monday. D Gibson, of Latchford, finished first in the obstacle race, but was disqualified.

Cheshire Volunteers in , Camp. During the week the Cheshire Volunteer Infantry Brigade has been encamped on Perham Down, Salisbury Plain, and will remain there until Sun- day. The various detaehments assembled at their head quarters on Sunday morning, and proceeded by special trains to Salisbury Plain. The Lymm Company includes several Warrington men; and is under the command of Captain Groves. The total strength of the Brigade is as follows :—Brigade Staff, Officers 4, N.C.O.'s and men 5, Total 9 • let V.8.C.R., Officers 26, N.C.O.'s and men 475, total ' i0l; 3rd V.S.C.R.,Officers 18, N.C.O.'s and men, 689; total 707; 4th V.8,C.R., Officers 31, N.O o.'s and men, 781, total.Bl2 ;sth V. B.C.R.,officers 26,N.0 o.'s and men, 792, total 818; Brigade Bearer Co. Officers 1 ; N.C.O.'s and men, 40, total 41 ;grand total 2,888. Many new features have been included in the week's work at camp. Sale of Woolaton Property. At the Blue Bell Inn, Warrington, on Wednesday evening, Messrs John Mainwaring and Company offered ifor sale by auction a freehold fully licensed hotel, freehold dwelling houses, blacksmith and wheelwright's shops,freehold building sites and farm lands at Woolston, near Warrington. Lots 1 and 3 were offered together. They consisted of,the freehold and fully-licensed hotel, known as the Rope and Anchor, at Woolston, together with the yard, stabling, bowling green, garden, and other conven- iences thereto, in the occupation of Mr Henry Daintith. Also the wheelwright's shop adjoining on the north,leased for ten years from let January, 1895, at £5 a year. The hotel and premises are leased to Messrs Greenall,Whitley and Co., Limited, for seven years from the let September, 1898, at £6O a year, superficial area, 2,904 4-9 square yards. In addition there was also offered the plot of free- hold building land, in the occupation of Mr James llepherd, situate on the northerly side of and ad- ' joining the Rope and Anchor Hotel, with an exten- sive frontage to Dam-lane, superficial area 873 2-3 [ square yards. Bidding commenced at £2,000 and after a brisk competition reached .£3,400 at which figure it was sold to Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Company. The next lot offered comprised two freehold cottages, with the blacksmith's shop, yard, and premises fronting the high road, gross rental, .£25 12s a year ; super- ficial area, 643 49 square yards. .£l5O was the sum at which bidding commenced and £3OO was reached before Mr John Simonett of Warrington became the purchaser. Lot 4 consisted of two freehold semi- detached dwelling-houses, with the outbuildings, gardens, and other conveniences fronting tp main high road. Each house contains sitting-reom, parlour, kitchen,and out offices on the ground floor and three bedrooms on the first floor, gross rental, £32 a year; superficial area, 2,311 8-9 square yards. Mr John Nevins, of Gladstone-street was the purchaser, the price being £570. A freehold plot of building land, with extensive southerly frontage of 128 yards or thereabouts to the high road, together with the two cottages, out- houses, and conveniences thereto, comprised Lot 5. Gross rent of cottages, £l5 12s a year ; superficial area, 6,349 5-9 square yards. Mrs Ann Daintith,of the Black Horse Inn, Culcheth, became the purchaser, the lot being knocked down to her for £3lO. The last lot consisted of a freehold field, having a front- age to Dam-lane. Rent, £2O a year; superficial area ..£34,979 square yards. Bidding commenced at £4OO and Mrs Alice Hepherl, of Woolston, secured the lot for £485. Messrs Jenkins and Company, of Bank Chambers, were tin solicitors to the vendor.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS. --- PEACE OR WAR?

Messages from South Africa.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Ministers to Meet ro-Day.

LONDON, THURSDAY NIGHT.

A meeting of Cabinet Ministers has been sum- moned for to-morrow, and it is understood that the Council is the direct outcome uf South African news.

"Peace is Practically Assured."

The " Daily Chronicle "says :—" We are enabled to state on excellent authority that as the out- come of the conference at Pretoria between the Boer leaders and Lords Milner and Kitchener peace is practically assured. The most sanguine hopes—based on communications received from South Africa—find expression in official circles. Unle.s some unlooked for hitch should occur at the eleventh hour—and this, in view of the very advanced stage that has been reached in the negotiations, is regarded as improbable—an almost immediate cessation of hostilities resulting from the Boer acceptance of the British terms is antici- pated: Indeed a message from Lord Kitchener con- veying the welcome intelligence that the long and costly struggle is at an end is expected any moment

===== 0002601_19020523_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Casualties.

The following are extracted frorn Tuesday's casull'y Bit :-Ist South Lancashire Mounted Infantry, 5311 Albert Baer, (enteric), Mooi River, May 17th ; 2873 Lance,Sergeant J Elesketh (pneumonia), Dundee, May 7th.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

SUDDEN DEATH OF A ST, HELENS CONTRACTOR.

Mr Peter Tickle, one of the best-known builders and contractors in St. Helens, died very suddenly about three o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Mr Tickle was at business as usual in the morning, but was suddenly seized with:he_rt failure, and died before Dr Jackson could get to his residence; He was fifty-nine years of age. Besides his business as a builder and contractor,he bad successfully carried on the Rainford Brick Works, near Fleet-lane,Parr. One of his notable contracts was the rebuilding of the St. Helens Theatre, which was carried out over a year ago. Be leaves a widow and seven children. Mr. Tickle was busily engaged in the town up to about half-past two on Saturday afternoon, and then started to walk borne briskly. On arriving at his residence' Park Mount, be sat down on the coucn, and said that he was tired. His daughter asked to be allowed to help him off with his coat, and he stood up for this purpose, but before one sleeve had been pulled off he sank down and died. Deceased was elected a sidesman of St. Mark's Church last Easter, and on Sun- day morning the vicar made a sympathetic reference. STI HELENS RECREATION FOOTBALL CLUB. The annual meeting of the members of the St Helens Recreation Football Club was held on Saturday evening at Messrs Pilkington's glassworks reading-roorn. Mr Bowles presided over an attendance of about 150. The secretary (Mr Joseph Wood) gave a favourable account lof the doings of the club in the Lancashire Combination matches. The team had perhaps not been quite so con- sistent as usual, bat several of the big teams, notably Everton Reserve, bad been disposed of in brilliant , fashion. The accounts were, as usual, merged in the general balance-sheet for the Recreation clubs, but not withstanding increased opposition, the gate receipts bad been slightly in excess of the previous season. All the officers were re-elected with the exception that Mr R Sidler retired from the post ca assistant secretary, and Mr G Butcher was appointed assistant to Mr: Joseph Wood, the secretary. Th committee was re-elected, with Mr Alcock, from the flattening department,in place of Mr Butcher. It was proposed and carried that at all future annual meetings a balance-sheet showing the working of the football club alone should be prepared for submission to the annual meeting. THE SCHOLARS ANNUAL FIELD DAY.

Fortunately Whit Monday morning was nee and bright, and the school children starte.4 out to the various schools in the hope that their.annual field-day was going to be a success. The procession, organised ny the Rev. Father Hearne, priest of the Sacred Heart, attracted very great attention. Accompanied by four brass bands, the children and membors of the guilds paraded the principal streets, carrying a very handsome set of banners. The banners were of distinc- tive colours, and the children accompanying I each were dressed en suite, and the various groups presmted a most charming picture. The 2,000 children attending the Parish Church schools, along with the Men and Women's Bible classes, had their annual field-day and sports as Denton's-green. Mr. Joseph Robinson, by whose kindness the ground was placed at the disposal of the Bible class and ashools,performed the opening ceremony. The Bible class sports attracted considerable attention. Results :-Vtterans' race: 1, H Merin; 2, W H Norman; 3, J Rimmer ; 4, W Rimmer. Championship: 1, A Gregson ; 2, G F Evans; 3, G H Burdekin ; 4, H Martin. Committee race: 1, W H Norman; 2, J Harrison; 3, J Hall. Three hundred yards: 1, R Yates; 2, Burdekin ; 3, A Psacbey. Lighted candle race ; 1, J Harrison ; 2, Frank Brown ; 3, J Yates ; 4, H Martin. Two hundred and twenty yards : 1, C Simcox ; 2, H. Martin ; 3, J L Middleburg. Wheelbarrow race: 1, J Rimmer ;2, F Brows. Walking race : 1, .1 Yates; 2, T Brown ;3, J Eden. Boot Race : 1, W Thistlethwayce ; 2, F Thomp- son ; 3, J Addison. One hundred and twenty yards: 1 J Seddon ; 2, Harrison; 3, J Bradbury; 4, W H Norman. Sack race : 1, F Brown ; 2, A Sutton ; 3, R Lockhart. Hurale race : 1, R Yates ;2, A Peachey ;3, A Sutton. Tug of War : 1, T Thompsen's team : 2, J Cooper's team. The prizes were distributed by tee Rev Canon Willink, vicar.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAY, Railway Traffic from Warrington.

The opportunities afforded to the working class population of Warrington of spending a day or two away from their everyday surroundings are so few in number, that an occasion like the Whitsuntide holiday is generally taken advantage of to visit seaside and other resorts. This year, however, the climati.l conditions during the week-end were so unsettled that many people who would otherwise have availed themselves of the special facilities for " seeking fresh fields and pastures new " decided to remain at home. Despite this fact, however,there was a considerable exodus from the town, as is shown by the:railwa3 companies' excursion traffic returns. A violent thunderstorm visited the district on Saturday afternoon, and occasioned gloomy fore- bodings as to the prospects for the two following days. On Sunday the westher was showery and a rather cold wind rendered the condi- tions the reverse to the realization of the average Idea of holiday weather. The elements were in a fickle mood on Monday. In the morning there were several r showers, accompanied by a strong wind, but notwithstanding this, many people left the town for various resorts. During the afternoon and evening the rain kept off, but the sky was continually over- clouded. There were frequent spells of brilliant sunshine, however, but the cold wind continued throughout the day. Large numbers of the inhabi- tants who remained in town indulged in rides on the tram cars, end the scene at Rylands-street was an animated one. Each car as it came up, both to Latchford and Sankey Bridges, was rapidly filled, many riding there and back without leaving their seats. _ _

===== 0002601_19020523_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Excursion to Llangollen.

A most enjoyable excursion to Llaugollen organized by Mr. Arthur Ed waras, Bank Quay, took place on Monday. The ,arty numbering 42 of the residents of the district, travelled by saloon to Llangollen, coffep, biscuits and cigars being provided ea route by Mr Edwards. On arrival at their destination convey- ances were in waiting to c905e7 the party to the Aqueduct, and from thence to Chirk. The scenery in the district was much admired. The excur- sionists were then driven to the Waverley Hotel, where an excellent dinner and tea were provided. The evening was spent in a convival manner, several membera of the COMDIOW contributing songs, &c. A start was made at 8.25 for Warrington, which was reached at about half-past ton. On the return journey sweets were provided by Mr Buchanan. The committee responsible for the arrangements consisted of Messrs A Edwards, C Mather, J Adams, L Uns worth, T Asnip, and R Bond. —.—....--- Fos PILES, Itching, B •nd or Bleeding. Nothing cures so magically as Dr. Rich rdson's remedy, rapid, reliable, relieving pain and be ring down feeling. Post free is lid, frolll TIM LABORATORY, RSby-street, Manchester. --advt.

EMiNi

===== 0002601_19020523_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER Fill t)A Y MAY 23, 1902 EARLESTOWN &NEWTON. NOTES BY THE WAY AT THE PRESENTATION TO COUNCILLOR GILIioUR. EARLESTOwN. The subscription list in connection with the above was closed last week, and a silver tea ser- vice with oak tray has been purchased. The presen- tation will be made on Thursday evening next at the Wellington Hotel. MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL AT EARLESTOWN. A revival of this festival will be welcomed in Earlestown. From an advertisement it will be seen that a festival will take place on Saturday, the 31st inst., the Market ground being enclosed for the pur- pose. The proceeds are to be handed over to the fund being raised for the completion of St. John's Church. and given a fine day, there should be not only a good spectacular display, but a substantial addition to the funds. GOOD TEMPLARY. The weekly meeting of the 1.0.G.T. was held in the Wargrave Hall on Monday. Bro J W Hopkins GSJT paper "The possibilities of Good Templary " was read in sections by Bros Woods, Clarke, Cutler, and J Warburton after which an interesting discus- sion followed. The paper was interspersed by suit- able odes, making a very impressive service. A GOLEORNE SEPTUAGENARIAN BURNED TO DEATH. The death took place at Leigh Union Infirmary on Saturday night of John Lowe, aged seventy-three, a widower, of Golborue Dale, Golborne, who was ad- mitted to that institution on Friday suffering from severe burns to the arms, back, and leg. Deceased was standing undressed before the fire when his shirt got ablaze, and before the flames could be extinguished he was shockingly burnt, being in a dying condition when taken to the infirmary. WHITSUNTIDE AT EA.RLESTOWN• Fortunately Monday was fine, but the Whitson holidays are not generally observed at Earlestown. All the tradespeople closed their places of business for the day ;''and the workmen at the works of Messrs Siete and Co, Messrs T and T Vicars, and Messrs McCorquodale and Co had a holiday. A large number of the men at the Vulcan Foundry absented themselves, but they have been penalised in conse- quence. A good number journeyed to Wigan to the Gala at Mesnes Park, but the majority stayed at home to hang about the streets. CHARITY CONCERT AT EARL EsTOWN. On Saturday evening the Town Hall at Earles• town was well filled with a sympathetic audience in connection with the fund being raised for tee Ibenefit of Mr William Jackson, who was seriously injured by being run over by one of Messrs Evans and Co's engines on their private line, a few months ago. An excellent concert was given,the programme being sufficiently varied to suit the taste of the mixed audience which was present. The various items were efficiently eubmitted by the following artistes Miss N Beatty and Miss Griffiths, Messrs W H Male, ll:Humphreys, and John Isherwood. A cinematograph entertainment was given by Pro- fessor J Alexander. Master C Higham efficiently accompanied at the piano. POLICE CASES. At the Newton Police buildings on Monday morn- ing before Colonel Wood, James Chisnall of Hay- dock, was charged with being drunk at Earlestown on Saturday and was fined 2s 6d and costs William Leigh, Newton Common for being drunk in Newton on Sunday was fined 53 and costs,—W Holden, James Holden and Thomas Howarth, Newton Common, for a like offence were fined 2s 6d and costs.—Edward .Aurphy of Widnes who was , charged with being drunk was handed over to the Liverpool police on another charge—EL Gidman a tramp charged with being on enclosed premises was remanded to Warrington. • STRANGE CONDUCT AT NEWTON.—SEART SENTENCE ON AN OLD OFFENDER. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, on , Wednesday, Henry Gidman, of no settled abode, I was charged with being found on enclosod pre- mises at Newton, on May 18th.—Frederick Jenkin- son, porter, at Newton station, said he resided in Parkside-lane, and on Sunday evening he went into the backyard and found the prisoner sitting in the closet. He ordered him out, and followed him into the road. Prisoner turned back again, and witness ordered him away. Prisoner afterwards went into the backyard of a neighbour's house, and when witness went to him he pulled some instrument out of his pocket as though he would strike him. Wit- ness gave information to the police.—PC. Beneon said he found the prisoner hiding behind a tree. He had a file and several table knives in his posses- sion.—Sergeant Banks said the prisoner told him that morning that had Jenkinson caught hold of him be shouldl have struck him with the file. Prisoner added that "he bad alwaya lived well,and intended to do so. Flu 'would do anything but com mit marder."—Prisonsr made his 24th appe,ararce nnd was committed to gaol for three months with hard labour. . THEFT FROM Atli EARLESTOWN PAWNSHOP. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Elizabeth Howarth, of Buttonwood, was:charged with stealing a man's cloth vest, of the value of 48 6cl, from the shop of Hugh Ellis Pritch- ard, pawnbroker, 31, Market-street, Earlessown, on the 2nd of May.—The prosecutor said he saw the vest safe at the doorway of the shop at about six o'clock, and he missed it at half past nine On the Bth lust it was brought to the shop by a woman, who offered it in pledge. He took possession of it and gave information to the police.—A girl in the service of the defendant said that on the Bth of May her mother asked her to get a shilling's worth of groceries. She asked Mrs Howarth for the money as her wage;. Mrs Howarth had not got the money and told witness to take a vest out of a certain drawer and take it to her mother to pawn, so as to get the money. She must get the vest out of pawn again on Friday. Witness took the vest mentioned in the charge from a drawer downstairs, but it now appeared that the vest she should have taken was Mr Howarth's, which was in another drawer —Defendant said she never told tea girl to take a vest to pawn.—P.O. Hughes said he charged the woman with the theft, and she said, "Yes, sir ; I was drunk."—Defend- ant was ordered to pay the costs and was bound over to come up when called upon,

The Lightning Express. Statements which have recently appeared in the Press as to the progress and intentions of the pro- moters of the Manchester-Liverpool electric rail- way to make an immediate start at these places, and Warrington are, it is officially stated, unauthorised and incorrect, and have caused the promoters much annoyance. A meeting of the Board is to be held at an early date to consider what steps next to take, now that the Bill has become an Act, and till such meeting is helrl any further announcement would be premature. If the Liverpool-Manchester mono-rail line shows good working results, says a news agency, the Belgium Government proposes to adopt the same system for the new quick transit scheme between Antwerp and Brussels, The Government seems disposed to place the contract for the proposed line in the hands of a British firm. It is understood that the contractr must deposit :C400,000 and agree to complete the work within one year after taking possession of the Land along the proposed route,

L&NCASEURE AND CHESECIRi 133WLING CH&MPI.,NSUIP COMPETITION 2ND ROUND.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS 4. DIDSMMY.—PIayed at Goatley on Saturday last. Score : NEWTON. DIDSBIIItr. F Holdgate l3 0 Worstenoroft 2l J Aitken l3 HI Cheetham 2l A Clough l3 J F Wells W Fairclough 2O W H Hewitt 2l J Un,worth 2l R J Knowles l5 J Williamson 2l la Williams A Boardrnan 3 Bennett G McCormick lO 3W G Coombs 21 G 1:1 Lyons 2l J Mitchell 3 Bedworth . 10 J 0 Howe 21 T Fairclough

Total 197 Total 232 Majority for Diclabury 35.

At the Local government Board enquiry held on Wednesday morning at the Town Hall, no rate- ' payers, outside the Council, were present, although they had a perfect right to attend if they had de— sired to do so. We are supposed to have a Property Owners' Association, but for all the influence it exerts on public matters, it might as well be non- ' existent Application was made at the enquiry, amongst other things,for borrowing powers in con- nection with the gas works, and if the proposed alterations will make any improvement in the quality of the gas at present supplied, no one will grumble. On Saturday night the town was in semi- darkness, owing to the wretched illuminant dis- persed from the gas works, and there is certainly plenty of room for improvement

Special emphasis was placed at the enquiry upon the need for a fire engine, but ii was omitted to be stated that if we ,get the engine we have no force of water to render it of any service, Still we are going to build a water tower, but goo:II:lets only knows how they are going to get water to it We have only a couple of bore holes at present, and the pumps take periodical fits of getting out of order. Certainly they are proceeding with the sinking of the wells, and perhaps when these are finished we may get rid of some of our difficulties. At any rate we ars living in hope.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

ST GEORGE'S MISSION V VOLUNTEER SERGE&NTS Teams representing the above met in the return fixture at St George's Mission on Wednesday. The home team were in fine form winning by 73 points. The previous match at the Drill Atilt on April 2rd resulted in a win for the Sergeants by 93, so that the Sergeants have a majority on both games of 20. There was no startling play, the only surprise being the collapse of the captain of the Volunteer team, who succumbed to Mr W Bridge by no less than 52 points. Score : VOLUNT F. 11113. ST GEORGE'S Col-Sergt J Cliff e (capt)... 23 W Bridge (capt) 75 se.-geant 3 Fern 75 T Bridge 65 Sergeant T Knight.... ..... 75 T liarnsbottorn.... ..... 52 Col-Sergeant 0 Russell... 45 J Massey 75 Sergeant F Taylor Sergeant J Heaketh 75 D Dracegirdle

===== 0002601_19020523_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQUIRY AT EARLESTOWN.

An inquiry held at the Earlostown Town Hall on Wednesday by Colonel Smith, K.E., Local Government Board laspe-tor in regard to the application of the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council to borrow money for fire brigade purposes and gas and wat.r ex• tensions was attended by Mr W Collingwood (chairman of the Council), Mr T Ormand (vice-chairman) Dr Latham and Mr E T Evans, with the Clerk (Mr C Cole), the surveyor (Mr A Bowes) and the Water Engineer (Mr W T Surtees). Mr Colo (clerk) submitted the following stater:dont :

The rateable valuo of the district is £69,439, and the asse,sable value £57,702 12s 63. The rates in the dis- trict are :—Highway rate, 7d in the •, general improvemeat rat', is 21 La the £ ; water rate, 3d in the ; total. 23 in the £. The population at the 1901 census was 16,699, the present population (estimated) is 17,253. The outstanding, ball 3 are: gas, £9,919 Os 7d ; water, £6,885 10s ; general, £10,099 17s 4d ; Total. £26,904 7s 11 J. The borrowing powers of the Council under their local Act are : for gas £44,000, £24,000 already borrowed ; and water £31,000, £6,000 already borrowed.

FIRE BRIGADE.—Tbs application to the Local Govern- ment Bard was for £l,OOO including £5l for uniforms which the Bard stated was not the subject of a loan, thus reducing the amount to £949. A sum f £4OO was included for a fire engine, but since the application was made tenders have been obtained, and the tender of Messrs Morryweather's amounting to £2BB 18s accepted zubject to the sanction of the Local Government Board being obtained, the £l,OOO therefore is still further reduced to £837 184. The site of the proposed engine house is at the GAS Works. The land was acquired (with the works) by the Imorovetnent Commissioners on the 3rd December, 1881. on a lease for the residue of a term of 99 years from the 21st June. 1857. GAS Leers —ln January last application was made for sanction to borrow £lO,OOO, to repay them the cost of the works mad for out of revenue from time to time from the Ist April, 1898, to 31st March, 1901, as follows :

New Meters New Services New Strset Lamps 223 New 488 _ _

Sulphate Plant. 683 Boiling Burners --- £4067

And for £5,933 rnr IN,erve Fund for next 5 years (from 13t April, 1901) :

£4,067 New services New meters New street lamps New naains --- 5,933

£lO,OOO

the amount £5,933 is the subject of this inquiry, the Local Government Board having informed this Council that the sum of £1,067 already expended and included in accounts which have been closed and audited could not be sanctioned by them. On the 13th May inst. the Council asked the Board to give the matter their further consideration as we had been informed that similar applications from other authorities had been favourably considered by3the treasury. It was impossible to apply for sanction to the speadicg of each of the small amounts and the C3UEICiI had hoped and anticipated that the Local Government Board would not refuse their sanction. The expenditure should have been made out of capital and not revenue. As regards the other application (14th April) the amount for which sanction is asked for is made up as follows :- 2 additional Lifts 2 Settings 6BO Extension of Retort House 485 Contingencies 396 Purchase of Stoves 5OO £4,500

Ten lens have been ob:ained by advertisement for the I three first items and the amounts set out there are ' those inserted in the tenders. The gas engineer will submit evidence to shew that these extensions are ' required at the gas works before next winter. The Council rely upon Sect. 14 of the Gas Works Clauses Act 1347 (incorporated in their Local Act) for power to supply gas cooking stoves to consumers. The Council Iby hiring out the stoves on the 5 years hire purchase system would makes, profit in addition to the profits on the increased consumption of gag. I WATER LOAN £B2l.—(as per application to the Local Government Board of the 81h January, 1902). As re- gards the first irem, viz., £1773 19s Id the Local IGovernment Board stated that they could not sanction lit fcr similar reasons to those expressed by them with reference to the Gas Department. The other amount , £B2l Os 11 is for Reserve Fund for payment of small I capital charges for 5 years from the 31st March, 1901. In answer to the Inspector the surveyor stated that the proposed fire brigade station was within three quarters of a mile of the important centres of the town- ship. The Clerk said they would like the permission of the Local Government Board as early as possible if they favoured the appl.cation, as the Ceuncil were desirous of having the steam fire engine for the local coronation procession. In reply to the Inspector, the clerk said they had no fire engine at present—only hose pipes. When a fire broke out they were compelled to borrow a fire engine from the local works. Referring to the amount paid out of the revenue account for the gas underl aking'and for which the Council applied fora loan thellnspector said that the Local Government Beard had a hard and fast rule in regard to all accounts:which bad been audited.

Mr Orrnand suggested that any recommendation from the auditor would hava great weight with the Loual Geverritnrinr, Beard.

ThP InspPetor slid be would only be to happy to recommend it.

Mr Onnand pointed out that the sum had been so small that the Omnil did not think it worth while tronbliou the Local Government Board with an applica- tion and ;they allowed them to accumulate until a decent mum had been reached. The Clerk said failing a loan the Council would have to increase the gas rents. _ _ _

- The Inspector said the difficulty would have been everc,;me if they had put the expenditure down to a " suspense account." The only difficulty he saw was that the accounts had ben audited. The way out of it a nuld he to re-adjust the accounts. The Surveyor said they were especially pressed with regard to a gasholder. The total capacity of sterage was 337,000 cubic feet and the amount manufactured daily was 4115,000. There was a prospect of a largely increased consumption of gas and the demand from two firms not previously supplied is anticipated to reach 10 million cubic feet per annum. A vote of thanks to the Inspector concluded the in quiry.

South Lancashire Tramways. Excellent progress is being made by the contrac- tors for considerable lengths of the South Ladca- shire tramways. The Tyldesley lines have been completed. and at Leigh the track has been laid from the Lowton boundary to near the junction of the borough with Atherton, and will shortly join up with the length from Hulton. A number of cars have arrived, and will, it is stated, be run on Coronation Day, being at first propelled by horse traction. The tramways will eventually ba worked and lit by electricity, and this week a start has been made at Hulton with the erection of the trol- ley poles, the contract for which has been let to Messrs Blackwell and Co., of London. Considerable headway has been made with the erection of a large generating station at Howe Bridge. " P113%11E3 " & " J131.310K " CYCLAIS at 10 guineas, Free Wheel, 2"Rim brakes,DaniNo, Bridge-st 30,000 BLIND PfIOPLEI have had their sight restored by hlscLon, 163, Oxford-street Manchester. The most successful Eye Specialist in Bogland. He has sured after Hospitals, Doctors, and Oculists have failed') Book post free on mentioning this , paper.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION.

Sankey Ratepayers and the Festivities.

Mr. Snoddy and His Rights.

The forthcoming Coronation festivities were under consideration at a special parish meeting which was held in the Board Schools, Great Saukey,on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr George Thompson, but there was only a small attendance. At the outsetdar J SErlitn (clerk of the Parish Council) read a circular letter from die Local G ,vernmont B lard sanctioning any reasonable expenses woion might be incurred by various lonel authorities, including Parisn Councils, for the purpose of celebrating the Coronado n. Tine Chairman said the matter was discussed at the ilast meeting or the Parish C 31.111011, but it was thought [advisable to call a meeting of the ratepayers of the town- ship to coefer about it. The Council therefore refrained from making any suggestions whatever. He regretted the small attendance, but he hoped those present would determine to make the festivities worthy of Great San- key. Personally, and he believed he was speaking for the Parish Council as a whole, he objected to the levying of a rate on the tewnship. In answer to Mr W D Jeans, sea, The Clerk said that a rate of a penny in the £ would produce £36 153, or possibly £37. Mr Halton said that since the last meeting he had ascertained that in the districts surrounding Warring- ton, it had been suggeetcd In the majority of cases, tha a special rate shod' be levied for Coronalon festivities Since the formation of Great Sankey Parish Counci they had not incurred one penny in special expenses, except for electioneering purposes, and ho felt that on such a memorable oceasien as the Coronation they would not be doing wrong in levying a penny in the £ as a special parish rate. If that were done the two railway companies and the two or three large works in the district would have to contribute in proportion to their ratable value. It was certain that the railway companies would not contribute one farthing unless they were compelled to do so by the levying of the rate, and he thought it would be a shame that they should not do so as they would reap considerable benefit from passenger traffic at Coronation time. Outside subscrip- tions could then be solicited from the landlords and others, and he felt sure that a good sum would be realized. He moved—" That this Parish Meeting hereby resolves that a sum of £36 be applied in aid of a fund for the celebration of Mel Coronation of his Majesty King Edward VII out of the expenses to be raised by the Parish Council for that purpose." Mr Jeans seconded and said he thought the trifling in- crease in the rates would effect the pockets of the people to such a small extent that it was not worth considera- tion. It would get at the pockets of the people in pro- portion to their ratability and means. Mr Snoddy oppoeed the resolution. he did not think the present was an occasion to put their hands into the ratepayers'pockets and compel them to contribute to the fund. He considered it was an opportunity for the loyal and prosperous to come forward and give some evidence of their generosity. He proposed an amend- ment that a subscription list be opened. Mr Jeans : I suggest that Mr Snoddy heads the list. _ _

Mr Snoddv : I .a-rn not a resident. Mr Balton : I am sorry to hear Mr Shoddy's remarks. I thought we were all ratepayers here.— The Clerk : Mr Snoddy is not a parochial el3ctor. Mr Snoddy : lam a ratepayer and shall take all the privileges and advantages of a ratepayer. The Clerk . This as a parish meeting at which only parochial electors can vote. I do not say it would not be in order to allow Mr Suoddy to Blake any observa- tions.

Mr Snoddy It is a public meeting and we are at liberty to express our opinions. Mr Snoddy proceeded to say that his remarks were in harmony with what had been decided in several other distriers.

Mr Halton : Mr Snoddy has spoken before. We want to get on with the business. lam sorry to isee Mr Seoddy causing an obstruction here.

Mr Soddy (co the Chairman) : Will you allow me the liberty to express my opinion ? rhe Chairman : Lt Mr Snoddy have a word or two if he wants. He has a right to let us know wnat he is going to speak about..

Mr Sooddy : My view is adopted by at least two parishes in the neighbourhood, Scockten Heath and Pen- keth, who are meeting the expenses by open subscrip- tion. I contend that I am at perfect liberty to express my views, or else, why call a public meeting ? lam surprised that Mr Halton, who is a public man, should attack me as be has done to-night. Mr Halton : lam awfully sorry if I have hurt Mr Snoddy's feelings, and I shall at once apologise, but I think we are giving him a long hearing. We want to get on with the business.

Mr Suoddy : I have never been el much interrupted and interfered with in my life before. The Cnairman : I am advised that Mr Sooddy is quite in order in moving the amendment. I ask if any one will second it.

As there was no seconder, tbe amendment fell to the ground. . ..

Mr Hodgkinson spoke in support of the resolution. He did not see where they %conic' get the money from if they excluded the railway companies and works. They ought to do honour to an occasion like that, and it was not worth while falling out about a penny in the Z. If there was a large number ot wealthy people in the:district to subscribe to the fund, he should object to the levying of the rate. He objected to levying a rate, oa principle, but he did not think they could get the money in Sankey any other way. Mr Suoddy said his objection was to the principle. He was not strongly opposed to the rate but he preferred the other way of raising the money. The motion was curried unanimously, Mr Snoddy, in accordance with the Clerk's ruling, refraining from voting. On the motion of Mr Jeans, seconded by Mr-Halton, it was decided that a subscription list be opened to supplement the amoucit raised by the rate. _

Mr Jeans pioposed that a co-rnanittee --ho appointed to carry out the arrangements, consisting of all the gentlemen present. Ho did not exclude any who were not ratepayers, and he suggested that Mr Snoddy's name b 3 put on tho committee as well as that of Mr Hodgkinson.

Mr- Snoddy de .11ined to serve, as ho wax already en- gaged in connection with the Ponketi celebration, but eventually a general committee was appointed consist- ing of all present, with the exception named. Considerable discussion ensued with regard to the treat to the children it being stated that the Church people had decided to hold the umal Walking Day treat this year.. _

It was decided that a sub-committee be appointed consisting of the Chairman and Mesars Halton, Jeans, Hodgkinson, and Taylor to arrange the details. It was also resolved that the festivities take place on Coronation Day,

The Arrangements at Burtonvrood.

A committee, t7.onsisting of the Parish Council, tile School Board, their respective clerks and the managers of the Voluntary Schools, have held two meetings, and have decided that the celebration be held on June 26th, as follows procession of school children ; all the children attending the public elementary schools of the district to be given a tea, and east' to be presented with a cup bearing the portrait of the King and Queen; all the inhabitants of Burtonwood over 60 to be given a tea on the same day, the remainder of the day to be devoted t 3 sports fier the children with a display of fire balloons. The expenses will be defrayed out of the rates. We understand that the cast will amount to about £4O. In addition to the above, the Clerk to the School Bsard (Mr. W Webster) will present each child attending the public elementary schools of the district with a commemorative medal.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
Halton Festivities.

On Saturday a meeting of the Halton Relief Com- mittee was held, under the presidency of llar R Hughes. at the request of the Halton Parochial Committee+, to consider the request of the Halton Coronation Committee to graat from their funds a sum of money to provide a supper for aged people over 60 years of age, in connec- tion with the coronation expenses. Mr T Wright said that he had been told by a friend who was a lawyer that it would not be legal to spend the money as proposed, unless the donors gave their con- sent.—The Rev G D Wray said that when be received the letter, asking him to summon the committee he felt certain that it would net be legal, and wrote to the two chief donors, to ascertain their views. He read letters from Sir Richard M Brooke, Bart., and Sir John T , Brunner, Bart., both of whom were opposed to the 'money being spent on Coronation festivities. He also I read letters from two members of the Relief Committee I who were unable to be present at the meeting, Mr H Reynold (treasurer) and Mr J Stokes also disapproving ' of this manner of speeding the money. Mr Wray expressed his opinion that the relief fund was a charity, and that it would be a very , daegerous precedent to appropriate the money for any other purpose than that for which' it was originally given. Considering all that was said at theitime of the passing of the Parish Councils Billond the election of the.fir.st Cot.,neil, with regard to the sup- posed tnisapprepriatien of charitable funds, they ought to be very careful what they did in this matter. He regarded the committee, not only as appointed to dis- tribute the fund, but also as trustees of the fund, and if they spent the money in eating and drinking now, a time would come when the money would be wanted,and then they would b 3 accused of having misappropriatPd a charitable fund for a feast. Instead of regretting that the balance of £37 12s was lying idle, they ought to he very thankful that no occasion bad arisen during the past seven years for spending it. An occasion might easily arise, perhaps quite unforeseen, when they would be glad that they had the money in the bank for the purpose for which it was originally intended.—After Considerable diseussien it was • ventually resolved that the relief fund was not available for Coronation festivi- ties.

===== 0002601_19020523_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
The Bonfires Scheme.

Meeting of the Central Committee.

TO THE EDITOR.

Dear sir,—We rely so much upon the co•operation of the Press in making the Coronation Bonfires movement a success, tha; we venture to send you a report of the proceedings of the committee called together last week 3 under the ;presidency of our chairman—Viscount Cran- borne. We adjoin a ii3t at the bonfires in the various caunties, up to date, a which we have had notification. We would specially urge that the Bot.tire Committee 6hould not be discouraged from joining the movement, because they happen to hays no commanding eminence on which to build their bonfires. The pleasure and loyalty round a bonfire on June 26th will not be dimin- ished because their bonfire will not be far seen. At the sante time we ask that Bonfire Committees shall take every precaution against damage to the surroundings of their.bonfires,prevent any firing:ef furze or heather,and discourage any irresponsible and indiscriminate bon- fires which might lead to loss or harm to property. We would also ask that those who build them should, if possible, have photographs taken of the bonfire masses, both before and after lighting them, and that copies may be sent to the secretaries for a permanent record. We wish it to be known that ample instructions will be forwarded by Messrs Pain, the Pyrotechionists, with each rocket and that, with the simplest care, no acci- dents need be feared in their discharge. We have the honour to remain :

===== 0002601_19020523_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
A. G. BOSCAWEN, M.P., J. M.CALMONT, M.P., H. M. CADELL, G. IL MIL WARD, H. D. RAWNSLEY, Hon. Sacs.

At a well attended meeting of the Committee on Tuesday last, Viscount Cranborne in the chair, the Hon Secretaries reported that from all parts of Great Britain and Ireland there was evidence of enthusiasm for the bonfire movement. Canon Rawnsley attributed part of the enthusiasm to the fact that it bad become known that His Majesty was interested in and pleased to hear of the progress of the movement, and part to the memory of the pleasure given to a great number of people by the bonfires of the Jubilee and Diamond Jubilee. He urged upon all present. through the local press and through their Lords Lieuten- ant and Chairmen of the County Councils, to invite their various counties to emulation in the matter of the bonfire display on June 26th, and trusted that those who had the building of the bonfires in charge, would take care that some permanent record should be kept of them by photography, and copies be sent to the don. Secre- taries. As to rockets he reported that the detonating ships rocket (8 oz.), electric floating signal rocket (24 oz.), and magnesium shower star rocket (12 oz.), supplied by Messrs Pain and Soo, dummy specimens of which were on view in the room, were found on trial to be a success, and that their coloured star rockets (8 oz.) were effective. He urged that those who used coloured fire sheald remember that it was best to pour some of the powder from the tins into flower-pot saucers, and distribute these at points twenty yards apart, if the best effect possible in lighting up the boafire was to be obtained.

Mr Boscawen, M.P., stated that the proprietors of the Great Wheel had signified their willingness to co-operate with the committee and give the rocket signal to London and neighbourhood at 955 from the tap of the Great Wheel, and illuminate the wheel on June 26. He also reported that a very large number of bonfires bad been arranged for in the counties south of the Thames.

He was also able to report from Colonel M'Calmont, who could not be present. that news of bonfires had been received from all parts of Ireland. Mr H M Cadet' gave an account of the building of the Bonnytown Bonfire at the Diamond Jubilee, and urged strongly that sheer-legs or stout poles connected at the head and set up in tripod fashion, should be used as central scaffolding and for stability to the bonfire masses. He spoke of the use of cords ze and lateral supports to prevent accident from windstorm on the heights, when the mass was built, and the need of vigil- ance to prevent mischievous setting on firs of the mass before the appointed hour, as happened in one or two places on a previous occasion. He undertook the hon. secretary's work for Scotland.

/ LIST OF BONFIRES. Bedfordshire 4 3 Lincolnshire Berkshire 7 Middlesex... 7 Berwick, N. 8.... ........... Buckingham Cambridge Cheshire Uornwail 22 Nottinghamshire Cumberland Derbyshire Devonshire (List Incomplete). Somersetshire 47 Dorsetshire Durham 1 Fissex l2 Surrey Gloucestershire Herefordshire 8 War wickshlre 54 Hampshire Hertfordshire 5 Wiltshire 9 Huntingdon 1 Worcestershire Isle of White Kent 29 Lancashire Leicestershire 8

Wales l5 Orkney 1 Scotland Isle of Men 4 Ireland (Belfast) (List Incomplete,.

1

===== 0002601_19020523_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BO LD-STR EET WEYN CH URC WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 25111. At 10.30 Rev. C. H. HOCKEN. At 6.30 Mr. A. PERKINS. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

EARLESTOWN MAY QUERN FESTIVAL WILL BR HELD ON THE MARKET GROUND, EARLESTOWN, MAY 31st 1902. UNDER DISTINGUIIHED PATRONAGE 1, CROWNING OF THE MAY QUEEN. atrrCHILDRPN WILL TAKE PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS. T,9,N NAVAL BRIGADE. HIGHLAND BRIGADE, 41AY POLE AND SKIPPING ROPE DANCES. NUMEROUS INTERESTING TABLEAUX. p. THREE BANDS IN ATTENDANCE. awarded for best tradesmen's turnouts, cyclists in acter, &c. ranging in value from 2s. 6d. to lbs. SEE THE MODERN APOL.LO. S. KILMINSTER SECRETARY.

NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIELD VICToRIA MEMORIAL COITA6 11 HOSPITAL FUND. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. LOOK OUT FOR THE DEMONSTRATION AND FANCY DRESS CYCLE PARADE, ON SATURDAY. JULY 19TH. VALUABLE PRIZES OFFERED. FULL PARTICULAR FROM J. B. USE. Hon. Secretary. 258, Crew-lane, 'N. BAPTIST SUNDAY SCHOOL, OOLBORNE &TRENT, WARRINGTON. THE ANMVERSARY SERVICES WILL BE HELD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 25TH. 1922. PREACHER : REV F. G. WEST. LIVERPOOL. Morning 10 30. Evening 6 30. IN THE AFTERNOON AT 230 SERVICE OF SONG, ENTITLED "FROM BETHLEHEM TO OLIVET," WILL BE GIVEN .COOBeetiVe Poems by leachers and Sebolars.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 28 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OvER MYNEKYNE'S). H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

EVANGELIZATION SOCIETY. TENT MISSION AT EARLESTOWN. CONDUCTED RE R. McLEAN, COMIIEgOING SATURDAY, iIAY 3no. SERvLcEs: SUNDAY, 3 and 8 o'clock. WEEE-NIGHTE, 8 o'clock. ALL ARE WRLCOIIII. BOOKS BY R. McLEAN: l'iurEß, THE EXAMPLE AND TEACHING OF JESUS. REPEATED HISTORY. THE SPIRIT OF JOY, ETC., ETC., ETC.

HIT WEEK HOLIDAYS. alt.roe --atuß PHOTOGRAPHERS should pay a visit to the AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. Nest stock of NEW and SECOND-HAND CAMERAS, and Scientific Instruments. etc., in Manchester. trrite for our 19)2 Illustrated Catalogue. (post free). E AMATEUR- PHOTOGRAPHIC; DEPOT, 71, OXF 0 D-STREET (ALL SAINTS), MANCHESTER. ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted) 4/- DAY EXCURSIONS. 4/- Prom LIVERPOOL From DOUGLAS. by' Daily, to 27th May. ......... 10.30 am and 2pm Daily 9am and 4pm 4tday 29th...5 pm livery Monday 12.30 am and 12 30 night • DAY hXCURSIONS .I)AILY, to 27th May. bq• Liverpool Fore Cabin. 4s ; Saloon 6s. 10 ,30 am I From Douzlas 4 pm pithke arrive 2.15 pm I Liverpool due about. 7 45 pm biph,* TOXCUFSION TICKETS are issued by all 12.30 417-, steamers from Liverpool. Saturday midnight pas• ~.kiecra return Sunday midnight. hri. ETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. rOUGL AS T., FLEETWOOD. to 27th 2.16 pm I Daily, to 27th 8..30 am ~,IVERPOOL T.) RAMSEY Saturdays. 1. 31 noon ; via Douglas, at 2 p.m. ,YLIETWOOD to RAMSEY, via Douglas. 23rd. at 2.15 p.m. 4411 Caine's. Little Man Island" and Sallings free postage ld. ?Osseugere, their Luggage, Live Stock,and Goode conveyed :3,-Vect only to the co ditions ot earriage of the Company, as whited in their offices and on board their steamers. Swan l's,,,.actis Cook ic Son, & Des & Dawson tourist agents. to-01 OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LIMITED., - UGL s OL & NORTH WALES. —REGULAR AILY SAILINGS (Suneays inc.uded) by P. Steamer Lis ~"ciao."loaving Liverpool Landing Stage at 10-45 a.m for brteinc'adtao Beauruaris, Bangor, and titans( Bridge and due lit ,Pout 733 pm. WEEK-END TRIP Saturday,May 24th, for Llandudno and Straits, returning Monday ittCh, „TF• Due Liverpool 10.15 a.m. -IT nay or Week-end Fares ; First Saloon Second Saloon —verPool an • Llandudno ss. Od. Liverpool and Straits 6s. 6.3. katro Particulars as to Season Tickets rates and all inf or- Ltd. apply to the Liverpool & North Wales Steamship Co, Encvv. Sec. 43, Chapel St, Liverpool. Tel. 6356.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 161. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL. ......... From 9s. 61. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. 4•-......61106 Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2 15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. Cefo„,'a in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via ▪ arri",,4 at 958 a.m. Special cheap return fares from Ogton • elite; and Saloon 24s 0.1 . Trains run •ia,,rd class and Saloon 15a 6.1 alongside Class and Fore Cabin 11, 64 Steamers. 'Or AL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available af,od".'aß via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- ✓stjt :or vice versa, can now be obtained at following First-class and Saloon l9s 6d • Thhatclata and Saloon 14s 04 . Third-class and Fore Cabin be Od !Ake' Journey may be broken at Grange Ulverstone (teethe Ti),,l),Fnrnetia Abbey or Barrow. I yin 4TANT NOTICE.- 0 new new express steam .• DUCHESS will La on the service during July, gnat. and September. —JAMES LITTLE .fs CO., Barrow. SPECIAL CRUISitS FOR THE • r Onf INAI lON AND NAVAL REVIEW. 4.44N0L ANDS' SAILINGS. To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. •b PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. i)ki..41,.e LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW 11,7 nee Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. es. May 27th 1 p.m Sat. May 2ith 2 p.m, *5.21 p.m. Fri. May 30th 2 p "13.25 p.m. traine from Glasgow (Central) ta Greenock WentraD. %,..‘"antisanir F &BE'S :—Cabin. Single, 11s. ; Return (valid for pmonthi). 16s 64. Steerage. Single. 5s 64. rE 1:6 CIAL RETURN T • Steerage Si3d,ICRETS.—(Valid for 10 days). Cabin, , . M. LANOLANDS ANI% SONS, 10. RUMFORD-PL_ACE LIVERPOOL. W L:ITAIZ HAILAsTRHAmLBuI NE ~,sesviga LI V N2EBP OMQOAtiEnosi Tttroi; viv,. :YORK era T413'4,1 0710 Wed May •, ...ed., June 18 ttisi3ON/c wed.. June 4 CELT 10..... Pri•, June 20 ttOlat,lC... Fri., June GERMANIC vvvveead,:. jirlye 252 Wed., June 11 TEUTONIC! • Class ne e at low rates including Outfit free of 4rtr to Nei, Yoandit. Hoetbn, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. MA ett Y. IM RTE. RTE. and CO., LiVerpool, 17 Cookspur and 34. Street. London, WC 12k. (1— OLDTION EXTRAORDINARY IN GENTLE- MEN'S TAILORING ‘'irkiTLEKEN'S CORONATION SUITS, TO MEASURE 23e 6D ONLY BLACK, BLUE N 0 FANCY COLOURS. Lika,, BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. k„.S6ST WEST-END STYLES, SMART, MAI7II- - uLLY FINISHED. SQUARE CUT JACKSTI. 1004,t,111011 Up-to-Date and equal to suits at 60s. Oar price for these Splendid Snits is only 22a 64. •elnati:n_a First Served. fr," Postcard for Patterns and our Easy Self-Measure- lto an 4 you will be amazed at the unheard-of ' esli„,"„fave. Don't let this chance pass you. Thousands Customers. -DRAKE AND COMPANY, Rot,: EMPIRE " SPECIAL TAILORS, Ft SHIELDS. NEAR MENCIASTLE-ON-TyNE. 'ISIIED• Di YEARS. FLEAS it MENTION TIM P..rEit. A 00 14- 1,11!le tin 11' th. 4

CORONATION YEAR. HENRY MILLING & CO., LTD., HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCINa THAT THEY HAVE DECIDED TO CLOSE THEIR PLACES OF BUSINESS iON THURSDAY AFTERNOONS AT 1 O'CLOCK ON AND AFTER THURSDAY, JUNE sini. 5, HORSENIARKET-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET, wAIUIINcITOR.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices. charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class A RTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS YSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 208.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says : Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.m. TO 8 P.M.

rrilE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- -I._ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municipal Offices. Warrington.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, fid. (to measure) TROUSER% Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

R COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. OOVRRLBTTE I TAILS OF Faom HEIR FRAMES, PIIRR 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

IMPORTABT TO FARMERS &c: • BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 TO 2, AMMONIA 2i TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 TO 12. PRICE £2 15s. PER TON. 63. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT. AT YARD. OR FREE ON NAILS, SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3t TO 4. AMMoNIA 4 To 41, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE £4 2s. 6D. PER TON. 7s, Go. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WAItRINOTON. Telephone No 222. Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

BOYS, AM I ANY USE TO YOU? STRAIGHT ; I HAVE REALLY GONE ALL OUT to make my 63. 6D., Bs. 6D.. and TWELVE 808 BOOTS the FINEST Valuo in England. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

I ADDRESS. DIE-STAMPING 1 no-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan titles &e., copied and lithographed.—saoolts AND Boit, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street. Warrington.

JOSEPH CROSF ELD AND SONS, LIM TED WARRINGTON. Cf PER CENT FIRST MORTGAGE IRREDEEMABLE DEBENTURE STOCK The TRANSF RR BOOKS of this Company relative to thi issue WILL BE CLOSED from the 19th to the 31st May instant (both days inclusive) for the PURPOSE OF PRE PARING AND ISSUING DIVIDEND WARRANTS, du leT JUNE J. R. WARDLE. Secretary, Dated Warrington, May 17th, 1902

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.-TO CONSUMERS OF APPLE [ON WATER. CONSUMERS are REQIMTED to NOTE that APPLE TON WATER WILL Ell SHUT OFF from 6 a.m on Sunday until Monday morning next. JAMES DEAS, A M.1.C.E., Water and Sanitary Engineer, Municipal Offices, May 16th, 1902.

COUNTY BOROUG II OF WARRINGTON.— CORONATION CELEBRATION FUND, LIST oF SUB:OCRIPIIONS £ a. d. Rev Canon Wills 2 2 0 Dr Charles White... 2 2 0 Amount previously acknowledged 662 14 0 -- £666 18 0

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTONI -- TRANSVAAL CAMPAIGN RELIEF FUND. -- LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. £ e. d. Emoloyees Wbitecross Co. Ltd.' Staff and Workmen Ryland' Bros. Ltd. 52nd and 53rd instalment 2O 0 0 Rmoloyees Cockhedge 111115,645 h and 65th instalment 4 0 0 Miss Plerpoint (St. Austins) 2 2 0 Employees Warrington Slate Co Ltd. 29th Instalment Emploi es of Warrington Wire Rope Works Ltd, 52nd and 63rd instalments ... 1 15 11 Employes of Longford Wire Co. Ltd., 70th instalment Employes W Smith and Soa, 91st instal S Crompton Employes of C W Davenport, 68th instal Ol9 0 Employes of H Fairclough, 55th instal. M. 8.0 10 6 . Amount previously acknowledged 7033 11 10 7100 6 2k

COUNTY BOROUG a OF WARRINGTON FEATHERS HOTEL. "MIDGE STREET. The CORPORATION INVITE OFFERS for the PUB CHASE of the above FULLY LICENSED HOTEL. The premises are freehold and immediate possession may "e had %MRS are also INVITED for the LETTING of the lif,lrtia, on Lease fore term of 7,14, or 21 years. The Lessee will be required to insure the Lfrence in the sum of £l,OOO The premises may be inspected on application at the Office of the Borough Surveyor. Sealed offers addressed to " The Chairman of the General Purposes Committee "to he sent to the Town Clerk's Office on or before Saturday the 24th inst. Dated this 2nd day of May, 1902. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

J. A. M °BRYSON, (LATE STARKEY AND MORRISON), SEED JATERCHANT. APPLY FOR CATILOGTJE or VEGETABLE, FLOWER, & FARM SEEDS, POST FEKE ON APPLICATION. GOLDEN SQUARE, WARREN GTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., 1.4 D SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FF.OM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFEICN AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch OSoaz Marion Street. WarAngton

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND (JO.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. AMET-STREET, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. &a. References :—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL UADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams Honrunaworrm, Latchford."

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE Olt OBTAIN MORTGAGED ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30. NORTH JOHN STIZERT. LIVERPOOL.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILTAR rt/INTTRATott, BEWSEY STILE !;I`, ;,YARRINGIUN FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR AIL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDFCEI TO.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS, BUY FROM THR MANUFACTURER. A. COfTERELL, BAS,SINETTE MANUFACTURER, BEAMONT-ST,, NRAR INFIRMARY, WARRINGTON

OBACCO, CIGAR S, CIuARBTTES, ONUFFT3. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 68 Years D D s DANDELION COME The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Orocers and Druggists, in Oanistes 63.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AWD SON. LTD WARRINGTOS ESTABLISHBD 1833.

DECORATIONS FOR THE CORONATION. Bur OF THE MAYEN& AND AT ONCE, TYEN IF TM MATE TO STORE THEM, EVERY DAY THESE WILL BR INCREASING IN PRICE. SHIM YOUR LOYALTY. We are sending to may person forwarning 18 penny stamps 16 feet of beautifully printed flags We fear no competitor, and have now our is, 10s, 15s. and 2)s. PARCELS OF DECORATIONS READY. D. MARCH AND II )0, 18, ST. NAMES WALE, LONDON B.C.

OH ARLES WOLF'S GWINSA GOLD WEDDING RINGS. 4DOZ SUPERIOR BLED- mno PLATED TEA—SPOONS given with each ring. Engage— ment rings a speciality. Waltham, Elgin and Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly none with the greatest skill and attention. kJEARLES WOLF DOLUSALR JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH-. 10, RENSH AW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HG. DOWLING, . RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath.

FUR SUP [...OUR QUALITY, BACON, BUTTER, CHEESE. & EGGS, AT REASONABLS PRICES TRY JOHN ASHLEY, 81, SANKEY STESET, (OPPOSITE END OF LEON-ST.,) WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER AL14.1 ILLLSOPP'S MILD LND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be laad in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM mimics ROAD, WARRINFITON. Also Manufacturer of HIRE CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. eTORES. OWEN STREET.

BOOTS' BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ..).LL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD. CLIANSISi THIS SY3rESI FROW ALL IHPURITIES. CURES PIMPLES ON THE FACE CUBES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THB SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORBS. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and bad been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give It a trial, and I only think It fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy,that they will find, as I have stone, a medicine that does what It professes to do.—(Signed) O. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is, AND Is. 90, PER BOTTLE. MALT Er.RACT WITH COD LIVEi OIL. An exceedingly nutritioue foo4, furnishing a large amouut of nourishment in a smell fusee, supplying fat and assisting the digestion of other food. It is therefore specially sult,ble for Invalids, Delicate Persons and Weakly Children. MALT EXTRACT wITH COD LIVER OIL (BARLEYCORN BRAND), IS TEETEEBEsT. Half-pound,Bo. One pound Is iv. Two pounds,ls Bid. COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacurn Wood, blezereon Root, Licorice, du. 135. PER PACKET. Makes one quart. Full directions enclosed. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS A speedy, safe, and certain remedy for Biliousness, Indigestion, and Sick Headache. PRICE Is. lin. FOR 941). BY A COURSE OF WILLS' BLOOD AND SKIN POWDERS BLOTCHES, PIMPLES, BOILS, Ite•• ARE SPEEDILY RELIEVED AND PERMANENTLY tCUBED' PRICE 6D. AND SID. PER LOX. ri • 1300T3 0A L Tr....R SOAP. PURIFYING DIaINFECTING 1 BIOTS COAL TAR SOAP is an excellent cosmetic for the preservation of the skin, and for making it deli- cately soft and healthy. Siu. PER TABLET. FIVE I'ABLETS TOR Is. PHYSICIANS' PRESORIPTIONS elrefully dispensed with Pure Drugs by competent qualified assistants at an immense reduction from the usual rates. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. 35, BRIDGE-STREET 5, BRIDGB-STIODIT j WARRINGTON.

THERE IS A GREEN SPOT NOT FIR AWAY WHERE YOU CAN GET ALMOST ANYTHING FOR THE HOUSEHOLD ALL GOODS BOUGHT FOR CASH IT LOWEST MARKET PRICES ALL GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH THE CHEAPEST SPOT FOR YOU THE - SPOT " SHOP THE " GREEN " SPOT SAM N. GREEN WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BO )T WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAMB MAKBR AND PRINT BBLLBIL A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Re. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLNOT/ON OF PIIOI:O4IZAPHS for Orystolenm and Pangl Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122/ LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, pi EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADIN(} MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER O. LESS THAN 'JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old (bold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, em., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S - ‘ .40 INK S. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID ! NEVER FADE TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON

A. AND J. At.LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVEREMaTHS, IT, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND MYER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Alodern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clotilts. Pictures, Ac., Ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BATZgAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac, !cc We respectfully solicit Intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY PDSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, An. GOLD and SILVER WATO HES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S, RICHMOND fitEET, LIVERPOOL.

MURRAY'S GELATINOIDS, (REGISTERED) A NEW METHOD OF TREATING DISEASE. This ideal remedy will be found a positive cure for Anantia, Nervous Headache, Dizziness, Neuralgia, all functional' die- ordars of the Liver and Digestive System, Early Decay, Con— stipation, Pimples and Skin Eruptions. Sleeplessness, loss of vital power, pains in the back and all languid and debilitated conditions of the system with lack. of nerve power, and all other exhaustive symptoms or complications. It is prepared in an original and portable form, disinteg- rates immediately on swallow:ng, and its powerful curative properties are at once carried to the deceased parts In the most effective and direct, though harmless way. Can be taken by the most delicate stomach. Price 2s. 6d. and 4s, per box, post free. sealed. on receipt of name and address. MENTIONING SYMPTOMS AS. MURRA.Y,DEPT, E.. 7, SOUTHAMP TON ROW, LONDON, W.C.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. MANCHESTER CUP, DERBY, ETC. A Daily Price List Issued, showing latest market changes, WRITE FOR MY GREAT DERBY CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A SPECIAL OFFER ON THE CORONATION DERBY. £I,OOO TO 2s. 6D. WITH EXPENSES TO LONDON AND BACK AND FREE SEATS TO VIEW THE CORONATION PROCESSION. SEE THE "TURF REGISTER," SENT POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

WIDOW WRLOWS PILLS FOR PRIMAL& COMPLAINT IVIRS. SMITHERS Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine roan the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained f3r it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CADTION•—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithers, who is the only person In poeseaslon of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper. and signed on the Outride label by Dirs. Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & SoN 7. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved An the Government Stamp. Sample bone, at 28.9 d. each by most Chemists

PRESENTS OF EVERT DESCRIPT lON USHFUL AND LASTING. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. CUTLERY, POCKET KNIVES, ELECTRO- PLATE. TOYS. FANCY GOODS. BEST GOODS. REASONABLE PRICES. For Value cannot be equalled. 2D. IN EVERY 1/- SAVED TO YOU SAM N. GREEN, THE FISH MARKET. WARRINGTON. (For upwards of 18 years with Skelton's, Ltd.

, 1 ily.s.tseTmandocf.D.AirpeEsq Swurmloyr 4'd NEW FASHION CATALOGUE, sent /._..-":?'% • POST FREE on request. PATTERNS POST FREE _ of the John Noble ' Model 1110. LE— 0 I 0 umo „.'.ii Cheviot Serge and AO, Coat and Skirt Costume, ~,,, .vryi 4, CwiAsdat)Ffuriel7Cl6Dress . ;swim' s' comprising a well-cut Skirt ) L'Cg ' Length of either -',...__.- *. , 7,-.„,,,, i , r-,, ~." and neat, tailor-cut mcque , cloth (6 yards N ins. coat, with double-breasted I 1 fronts. Made in John Noble ,-,,----, , Carriage Bd. ex.. [ ••• \,," Cwheviot SergeorCostume ii \ '', Colours: Black, sizes Coating, in the. .i. folwloing \‘.\, , Navy,Brown,Myrtle, and prices:— Fawn, Grey, and 82 42 46 50 ins. si : kv, Royal Blue. ' ''' f 1111111 9/. , 9/- 9arlril;ol, 061 elt/tr/6..each. ‘C . %\1;29, ‘ Model 1049. 11.2 - 71:7.. I t 'li ~‘,',\,., ,itAt../ aoSintra:, In . -.., mm l', _a...A The John Noble he new ,\ • \ 6fir ,\ i Knockabout Frocks. V A , bone Tweed of Grey, Blue,Green, ' Ili : sln Serge or Coating. Lengths A\ and Fawn mixtures. t( ' 1 and Prices:— \ Semi- Basque Cost \ A ;,. 2,76 ;(1). k 36 lent. h. \ \\ coriotillriare stitched ‘.\!,,,' i , 86 89 42 45 ins. 0/6 Vet .L i . 4/- 4/6 5/. 6/6 each. \\\ slneteevisigaishion;r.biels. \ Lengths Etre ,from top of • s\ , ___, neck band to edge of Sidrt in \ VO/6. Carriage 6d. \, , .----- front. Carriage 4d. extra. '\, \ Skirt alone, KA, ‘' \\:,, 'A: • ,--,,-;--,--- ';‘, in , --79, ''''- AN, Please mention this ,- Cheviot Serge. Price \i. • ' \ \ \ * *v 199. Carriage. rd. : JOHN NOBLE, LTD., 68, Brook Street MANCHESTER. . . Mills,

" Sleepy " grass is found in New Mexico, Texas and Siberia. It has a most injurious f ffsct on horses and sheep, being a strong narcotic or sedative and causing profound sleep or stupor lestink 24 Co 43 hours. A horse after eating it is a pitiable object, its head and tail drooping, its body quivering and perspiration pouring down its sides. • A remarkable innovation i 9 about to be made in Paris. The policemen on night duty are to have electric lights on various parts of their uniforms and aithe extremities of their batons. Those will be worked by pressing a waistcoat button, and los used in the regulation of the street traffic. Tonacco SMOKE AVERTS DISEASE.—Added no 71 to the joys of tobacco is the knowledge that smoking may pre- vent some diseases. Dr Damon has studied the action of tobacco smoke upon the various organisms found in the cavity of the mouth and has found that while it has no effect upon typhoid fever germs or tetanus (lockjaw) It greatly retards the growth of the bacilli of influenza, I of diphtheria, and of consumption. ICADBURY'S Cocos Is a pure refined beverage, nutrition stimulating, ar d digestible. The" Lancet" says it" repre- sante the standard of highest purity." Entirely free from 13dmixtures, such as kola, malt, hops alkali, etc. Insist upon haying CADBURY'S, as other hops, are sometimes übstituted for extra profit. In Packets and Tins only. (4.) ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE Can, &C.—For Varicose Veins Rnd all eases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprains ; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking. —Prices 4s 6d, 75 (ith and lOs 6d each. Postage free,—WHITE AND WRIGHT. Sue fecal Instrument and Truss Makers, 95, Renshaw-street top of Bold-street, Liverpool.

Vtil\kßE4lib • • 41) C.LS Prices from £lO 10s. to £25 Depot-73 BOLD ST LIVERPOOL _ , •-•rif•FH- 7. , .` 4. f ARGE STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. ..L./ GUITARS, VIOLINS, Iso, Special Orter.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood, ornarrep.ted 10s. 6d. Carriage paid. Best, cp.alitY MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Case Is. post free. ARCHER AND SONS, SD GEORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD -STREET. a.tv RPOOL. Eslablished 1248 ADAMS INCANDESCENT BURNERS, ADAMS INCANDESCENT MANTLES. ADAMS • INCANDESCENT CHIMNEYS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST AT 80, ST. JAMES' PLACE, OR 14, SMITHLOWN ROAD, LIVERPOOL. FOR WINDOW GLASS, SILVER PLATE. FOR SHAD.- AND STANDS AT ADAMS 212, NORTH HILL STREET LIVEEpoOTe

I

to , ---__ 11‘ i „trip . .. -0 -. ..' ---/, , •••• 4; ', I - - _ i'l.t (-•,'-':;.ui e f•••-1 ._._ '.. "ci ,--- / - //-,14%;)'..00.' • ' '''Nts-N,,:* ..0 ,',(,‘ •;%24:..;;;.% ' ' --* ''.f-"-T: Ce -:?.%-,....;...` .•- -c., de" .. • s..- ....g„, - ) Before Using Using 4 After Cuticura Soap CuticuraSoato Face Humours ?in:Ties, blackheads, simple rashes, red, rough Lands, falling hair, and baby blemishes pre- vented by CUTICURA SOAP, a sure preventive of , Inflammation and clogging of the Pores. Sold by all Chemists. Price, 8arP,13.. Onsnottrr, 2s. ad., or 13 O 1 of F. NEWBERY di Eionn, London, E. C. rC/TTga AND Cuzm. coup., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. ~ • 1"1"46443

For INFANTS, INVALIDS, and the AGED. 9 6 r er s • t

Food • THE BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL say: "Benger's Food has by its excellence established a reputation of its own." BENGER'S FOOD can be enjoyed and assimilated when other foods disagree. It forms a delicious and highly nutritive cream, rich in all the elements necessary to maintain vigorous health, but entirely free from rough and indigestible par- ticles which often produce irritation in delicate stomachs. Sold in Tins, by Chemists, Mc., everyv.-1-Ic:_^e.

HA v A II . • S. • - --., 0 •I ."-- -4:-1 0.:.7 . ---'?. ,f- -'I -. 1----,-..-%_ .--- spj-criAc.,•- . . ‘ -..-- •,..;as : . 1-;--"'-i**--..er:-.:..f,,,:.,._--.••-___,•,-.i_, , .• _ . 117.1 r ti ~--., 4"--4,--;''. '... , I .•••0 ''n -E”., • ,r- i-Q....- - .-,...1-Z-...„ .. •&..7-,,,. ix• 41E.,0_,r7c01--- .. , .•••••••,I‘,- ...• - ~p „, r". , 4.4 • , s ,•••,.*' •::: ...i..., ' ' • 4.4,,,.. • ~,,,fh,•,' ,•,...-:', ... . ... , ~--„...v.- --'•-•,,,, ..,.e,,,,,,,,F-- ~..„:„.„--,..--.. -,441e._ 4.. '. 5,• • 'Ns .. • • 4 HAVANA. •,.,1k . PRCSIDENT '.,Nllt. '4 L ,- - -- :-

d,,,, f • . , ~.Aillt 4,' • 'A , --- - ' •,,, -- - ' Ik. ,- .~ i-V !'l, Ho.-0,-..v.t.k:- !!!_i,,,- -J,4,,0tit„,:, , v '`.*, -;-- ' , sf-.`,.::„,,,,(4, : ...'. .--'- ~444.:__ -I.* 0 , • ' ' Z VORivm6 COMKTITION ..... -,.... ....._ ....... '- _ ROYAL ARTILLERY. ~... .i • A 4 . 4e k 1 ~v) /PI 4.0 e • .1* ' r *44- p it* .-;• aIR • , , " • ••-'..t4 . 0;. ~.... V'''__V--"__,f '' if , ' 1 '' • . 4.43 \-.._... ----..— e • 7—..;—: .. ''‘•.. le --1 _ ----."=...r-,.- __ ---._a_.-- ...___ If.' . MUSICAL RIDE -r-- ----- rm. ROYAL mORSL GuARDS. _ , ,! ig130":. A, ' ' .:.--..;" -)1'1"4 _ ,:,-.,.‘„7-',,, . ...' „..-- ~ .ats ..„1„ „) '' " - e - • ...h,A ~ - : ip izr,4 / . • . tt• .s.,ltt t , , .....,,,„.. ,_. -":"_, ~ .• \., TENT PC6.61.46. , ' BAYOMET % eAYO/I_er_:-

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Coronation Treat for Inmates and Officers.

iIyiUGLAS HOUoli, Castle Mona Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and battling grounds ; trains pass door ; terms 5s 6d to 6s per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

DOCIG S. ISLB IjF MA.—' TEN WE ThIORE— LARD." 5, Empire Terrace, Central Promenade. facing Sea ; close to all principal places of amusement, full board 53 6d per day.—Mrs ELLIS, pr prietress.

ILFRACOMBIL—Prospect Boarding House Good Acoom- modatten tor Boarders. bpiendid sea view, three minutes walk from the sea and Splendid Lawn. Terms Moderate.—Hns RESDLE, proprietress.

DOUG LAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Pemberton House, 5 Empress Drive, Central Promenade, and close to all places of amusement ; trams pass; full board from be per day. Apartments.—Airs RABBIS. (Late Mrs Hastham's.)

DouGLAB.—BALMORAL, Queen's Promenade, magnifi- cent sea view; trams pass door; full Gard from Os 6cl per day, apartments from 2s. Special terms for private suites of rooms on application. Fti hInPHAIL Proprietor.

LONDON. NVILD'S TE3ifimEaHBAD.NCE HOTELS 34 TO 30 LIJUGATs HILL. ALSO AT 70 1 71, RUSTON 1-,QUAttli. Holtz COMPORT, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

0013 PRIM FISHING in river and loch: Salmon, Sea- trout, Trout, r ike ana CARTHEFLE,Lochniaben. N.B Visitors in Miss EUTHERFoRD'S Establishment have the privilege of fishing five miles of the Annan.

ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE 1101 EL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room awl Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 2;- guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.J0 o'clock. For TARIFFS tic., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORTH WALE*. R 'a OS ABBEY LIOTEL, RHOS-ON-SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea, Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery; water supply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments ; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. isacellent Ch.,lf Links by the sea within mile. High-class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tariff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASGOW.)

oc. OUTHPORT. H AYES'S. RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

‘VELSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Cbmfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains. HIGH-CLASS AND 613DSSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate: i.plendid Position : Every Comfort Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, Blundellsands.

yr! R. TOM BOOTHROYD, 111 Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SDBZ-STREBT, WARRINGTON. VAIRHAVRN HIGII SCUOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on—Sea Bracing position,seaside,extensive accommodation MO-elate Modern Educaton. Staff includes President B.A Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. lixams. successes, Principal : Miss MILLBN.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organtst and Choirmaster of St. Paul's church PIANO, °EGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUsICAL POEM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANEI Warrington.

ROSHBEATH SCHOOL FUR GIRLS, WREXriAlld. Principals ?dies livans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnashun, great attenticn to music, at, modern languages ; resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Lend. Metric Cambridge Locals and Assoc : Board, It A Isf, K 0 NI, in- clusive terms.

tt. B. WAIIbWOKIH, Organist and Choir- IX master at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church ; Teacher of the Technical Institute and Y.M.O.A. Choral Classes ; two years' Queen's ScholAr in Borough—road College, London ; nine Tears Class Master at reople's College; Teacher of PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, SIGHT-SINGING, has Vacan- cies for a limited number ^f Pupils. By special request, Mr. W has recently undertaken private coaching for Civil and Postal Service. King's Scholarship. Terms from Wads: worth's Piano DepOt, 59, Sankey-street, Warrington.

MARKET-STREET, good SHOP with House, 2.50. MILL-STREET, good light OFFICE, rent 3s. 6d. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, PENKEtH, detached Resi- dence, garden. greenhouse ; rent moderate. BELIDGE-STREET, Large SHOP with good Dwelling- house and Show Rooms. PENKETIL—Cottages 4s Od.. 31. 9d. and Se. Rd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £6 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREB.e, rent 45. 3d Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—No 65.

rro LBT A VILLA RBSIDIINCIB. 63. Croaa-lane Hades- town, 2 Sitting Rooms and Kitchen. 3 Bedrooms and Bath—Apply J. DOB3ON. 46, Legh-street, Barlestown. To LBT, STABLE and COAOHHOUSE. with lotto over _1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—App,v Woone & Boat Solicitors, 65. Horsemarketatree Warrington.

SHOPS TO LBT suitable for Pawnbrokers. Drapers, Clothiers. or any other business.—A pply AGENT, West— minster Parade Bonnet's road, Simonton. Also Private Houses, 6 rooms, garden : every convenience.

ri T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY GOOD 4, PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES, go to the above address. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

lOLWYN RAY.—Uomfortab,e AP An t 4.11N125, pleasantly V situated, near sta and woode.—.o rs. BATE, Ashfield, Rhiw-road. SOUTHPORT—APARTMHNT3, central position, -Home comforts, easy teram.—Mrs ALFRED BRIGGS, 17 Riding- street, Southport.

CIONWAY, NOISTH WALBS.—APARTMBNTd or Lodgiugs V may be obtained.—Apply J ABROWSMITEf, Bryn Aled, Woodlands Conway. N.W.

MORRCAMB R.— Mrs. R. H. ASHWORTH. Hawthorn House, 10, Alexandra-road. APARTMENTS, sea view, bath, piano. Close to pier, palace, Ac. A BOUT YOUR SUMMER HOLIDAYS. Consult the 11 "Camp Herald " ; illustrated. free.—NECRETIRY, Holi- day camp, Cfroudle near Douglas, 1.0. M.

MRS EVANS. 65 Albert-road, Blackpool. Central APARTMENTS—bedroom, public sitting-room, cook- ing and attendance for two persons, 2s per day. COLWYN BAY.—Very comfortable APARTMENTS; sunny ; bright ; thorough cleanliness ; excellent cooking; piano, bath.—" IvenioE," Lawson-road,

BLACRPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS Mosel to Talbot-road Station, with or without board, Piano. Terms Moderate.—Mns. lAvirsogniNE, b. Topping-street.

pRESTATYN, —Very superior Apartments (sea front), near station, Poet Office, &c ; piano, bagatelle ; large garden every comfort; terms moderate.—Mns. SMITH, Drakelow P restat yn.

13LACKPOOL. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanliness and good cooking, satisfaction guaranteed. Apply MRS H. RICHARDSON, 86 Itornby Road, Blackpool.

LACRPOOL—Superior public and Private APART- MRNIS, with or without board ; facing the aea —Mae Howsiam 5, bt Chad's-terrace, Promenade, South Shore. Book to 8 b Station.

DOUGLAS.—Egerton-house, 6, Clarence-terrace, Centre promenade, facing the sea. Tea, bed, and breakfast 68 6d ; beds 28 per night, private sitting-room. Miss CORLETT. Proprietress.

INCHAN, ISLE-OF-MAN.—FURNISHED COTTAGE to LBT at Once: Five bedrooms. bath, sitting-room, Bt a and country view, with or without attendance.— Ms CHRISTrAh. South View.

BLACKPOOL.—Miss WARHUBST, Springfield House. 139, Talbot-road; public and private SITTING-ROOMS, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view piano; opposite station. BLACKPOOL, Central.—Mrs. JACEsoN, 29, Chapel-street. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS ; bed, attendance, N. ; with breakfast 3s. ; full board, 4s, 6d. ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation. AKE DlSTRlCT,—Comfortable Country APARTMENTS .1J in Farm House large sitting and dining room, two or three bedrooms ; close to a station ; three miles from Penritb; healthy district.—Miss WALKER, Newblggin Hill, Pearltb.

TIOLAOKPOOL.—Mrs. BOARDMAN (formerly Miss Haugh- -1) ton, of nivinton),Lynnood House, 11, Waterloo-avenue, South Shore, four doors from Promenade and near the Man- chester Hotel, Public and private Apartments. Sea view. Piano. Good storage for cycles.

FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS. HAVE HAD A WORLD-MDR REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Aummia, Debility, Depression, Weakness, and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes 90, is lid, 2s 9d, 48 6d, and Us, or under cover from the Proprietor : 3C9, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, OEIDON, W.

B. TYREE PA WNBROKER, JEWELLER, CLOTHIER, AND FURNISHER, 62, 64, & 66, WINWICK STREET, WA.RRINGTO (LATE MORTON'S.) BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND HAND JEWELLERY, CLOTHING. FURNITURE, &a. LB.ED4u t BLSoTEneßwAnidni X 3 3S. OD. I'evLATHPILHOWH e bax,side linen tick well filled. TANDEM BICYCLE for LADY and GENTLEMAN' or two Gents ; Dunlop tyres ; in good condition. Ten guineas. HARMONIUM ; Walnut Case, eight stops, and knee swell; in perfect order. 60a TO CLEAR. SOLID BRASS KERB, very massive appearance ;, 278 6,1 ; a real bargain. BEJSTEADS from 123 63 upwards; Wool Flock Beds from 6s lid to 255. 00L, STRAW, AND WIRE SPRING V V xrArTREssEs ; lowest prices in Warringtoa. (ZOLID LEATHER PORTMANTEAU 18 inches k.) long, (Is 6d; another 24 inches long, lie 6d. special value. TIPAIR OF CARVERS with Steel; white halts; buyer moanted ; complete in velvet Riled case 9s 6d ; worth lbs. vATRINGING MACHINE, 24 inch rollers; under- spring and all latest improvements; 38s 6d. AT fYRER'S 62 64 & 66, WIN WICK STREET. WARRINGTON.

A.YES. Largest variety, lowest cash. Agents wanted.— LEVY'S SAFE CO., Frederick-street, Sunderland. VAULKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and Clover.—Apply, FAULKNER% Merchants, Peudlebury, Manchester.

C ORONATION RAZoll,best guality,double ho Mow ground, to case 2s each post free. Shopkeepers' pr Ice 3s 6d each. —Seni atampo tO MAURICE AND Co, 26 21 onmouth-street, Sheffield.

How to catch MICR, RATS, BRETLES, &c., without traps or poison. Full printed instructions (copyright) post free penny stamp.—lN HUDD, bird specialist, Norwich Mention paper.

A LL STOOPING STOPPHD.—Loo's Shoulder Straps per- il. manently cure round shoulders in a few months ; send is P.O. and waist measurensent.—Loo. 9 Morland-road. Pelage, London, S.H. COLDS, Coughs, Ineuenza, &o instantly relieved and rapidly cared by using the " Eucalypine Inhaler, "an infallible remedy; hundreds sold weekly, is 6d post free.—G Rum, Harpenden Common, Herts.

jj OMB WORK by the quickest, 61mp1est, and latest im- proved HARRISON KNITTING MACH INKS highest wages earned. Lists from MARRIBeN MACHIN E, Co., LTD., 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

LADIES suffering from anwmia, shortness of breath, palpitation. indigestion ,irregularity or weakness should take 1)r Gardner's Golden Pills 2s 6d per box. 3 boxes 75., - KABERRY, The Pharmacy. Etouthport.

NFITTING. NBTTING. Itabbit Nets, Bing Nets, Puree Nets, Sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. Thomas JOHN sots's, Net Warehouse Cor poretion-street, Manchester.

BBETLES ! ! The Acme Beetle Exterminator. Certain death to Blackbeeties, cockroaches, rats, and mice Doge and cats will not tench it. Post free 3d. and 6d.— W. STTJAAT, 112 Westbury-road. Ilford.

IND lAN CERATB for all ulcerated wounds ; bad legs abcesses ; burns etc. One of nature's Cure-ails, in boxes Is eacth,or four boxes for 3s.—Sole Agents, NEEnEtem's LTD. Cash Chemists, 297, lidgware-road. London. W.

T GOK 1-4,000 Pairs New NEILL IARY BLUCHERS sewn; JJ very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size. post free for 56 6d per pair ; money returned If not approved of. H. J, Gessox, Government Contractor, Rye.

30,000 B Ca! plelaBav,e3xhf.odrdthstreseiht. araensctreesdterby. most successful Rye Specialist in Ragland. Has cured after hospitals, doctors and oculists have failed. Book free on mentioning paper.

TRADE RHClPHS.—ausranteed genuine, price 6d each, (1) To beautify the complexion. (2) Face Powder) very best, Ed lb, (3) Immediate cure for tender feet. (4) Rlectric Toothache Cure. (5) Certain Hair Restorer. (6 Self-polishing paste-114wictse, 21. Lime-street, City, It 0

INDIGES 1 lON.-111E MISDICAL M:A OOR S MINTY will send FRB to all applicants an excellent BOTA NIQ CURB for Indigestion. Biliousness, Liver Complaints, Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis.—Address : The Secre- tary BOTANIC INSTITUTE. NOTTINGHAM:

MILLIONS of beautiful Coronation Brooches, Pine, and Pendants, to clear at Is, 2s, 3s, and ss per dozen ; sold by shops at double the price. £3 per week easily earned by selling them.—P.O. and stamp to Messrs COoKE AND SoNS, Manufacturers, Export House, Burnley.

fro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with. Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lana, with siding to the railway. bui cable for Chemical or other works- requiring space.—Address J. BORING, 16 Fenwick-atreet, Liverpool.

JO DEST and Cheapest MANURE for Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy for fly, slug, ac, Native Guano,price 70s per ton, in bags; 2 ton lots carriage paid ; 1 cwt. bag paid to any station In England for ss.—Write for twenty- sixth year's testimonials, NATIVE Cl-UANO Co„ Ltd.. 29, New Bridge-street London, E.G.

-VISH direct frame the steamers, Headless Cod or Spregs ls stone, large or small Plaice is 6d, 'medium Plaice 2s, headless Haddocks or Whitings Is 6d stone, 12 stones mixed fish for 10s ; tstate whether for hawking or frying. Cash with order.—ALLEN ANDO° , Billingsgate Hull. Men- tion this paper. Contracts made the year round.

TIMKRY TO BUSINBSS SUCOBSS is Personal Magne- tism. Why pay for El Is. courses when you can learn Use secret for 6d monthly. You can do this by subscribing to' Wings of Truta," the Journal of magnetism, hypnotism, health, success and the occult. Sea our competitions, valuable prizes given away, 5s yeariy, 7d. monthly.—E. MAnsn-SrtLEs,Publisher. Dept. Z,12 St. Stephens Mansions, London, 5.W.

PORTRAITS, stamp faze, 36 for Is. Send carte-de-visite, or cabinet, which will be returned uninjured; a spare time employment book given free.—WALTEns, 463, Atter- cliffe-road, Sheffield.

QOUTH APRICA.—Tho National Guide to the Transvaal is now published and contains unique and up-to-date information, price 28 of all booksellers and DIAMOND & Co., Stratford-on-Aron. Postage 3d,

PHOTOGRAPHS —Stamp Photographs, 24, is ; 36, Is 8c1: send 0 D V or Cabinet to the ARTISIIC ENLARGING} Co, 22 Chapel-street, Edgware-road, London. Established in Oxford-street, 1871. (Mention paper). VIELD GLASSES, powerful, eight lenses, achromatic leather case, bargain, 12s 6d post free. Money re turned If not approved.—CllAS. tinADER, Pawnbroker - Abbey-street. Nuneaton, Warwickshire.

91'0 TOBACCO NISTS.—L 31insT & Sox, Tobacco and 1. Cigar Manufacturers, Waterloo House, Kirkgate, and Harper-street. Leeds. livery requirement supplied in mixed parcels. Send for Price List, Wholesalwonly.

Q VIRILITY in Women Its Causes and Curative Treat- L. 7 ment. An Illustrated Edition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; post free 3s. 8d,— London : SHELLEY & Co., lan, 38, Oracechurch-street.

9/9 —MARYBLLOUS VALl.llL—Solid silver watctie7 . lady's or gent's, accurate tienekeepei s, warranted 5 years, Ss 90 post free. Money returned if not satisfied.— ANGLO-SWISS WATCH Co., 70, St. Jsmes'-road, London. S.E.

DOOUS 2000, Is each 3000 Sashes 6d each: large quantity stable fittings.shop and office doors,partitione, quarter— ings, boards. Largest yard London. Second hand building material.-111mffieort,Wells-street,Camber well, London, 5.14

I\TO MINT.- One half-penny spent on a postcard will 11 save you many pounds. Send card mentioning this paper to MANAGE, 72. Rishopsgate street. Without,London. 8.0. for illustrated booklet giving particulars as to How to Live Rent Free."

rj lAN27BD GARDBN NBTTlNG.—Protect your, Peas,Seeds 1_ and Buds, from frost. blight. and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 36 square yards, is. Can be sent any width or length. Carriage paid on orders over 6s.—HENRY ROBINSON, Gatden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

REWARDS, £lOOO.-111arvellons opportunities of making fortunes, as explorer, prospector (Asia, Australia). AS one of the cleverect, practical. scientifical experts I ask capitalists, syndicates for co-operation, No risk.—JamEs FREDERIC% JANSSEN, Expert, Durban, Africa, pREVIiNT Baby Suffering when Teething.—A lady who has used with her own children a Dainty Necklace Which absolutely prevents feverishness, fretfulness, Ac. during that trying time would like all mothers to know of same. Post free 2s 7d.—Apply MATER, Bellingdon-road, Ohesham, Bucks.

)OTARACT ON RYIII.--Oure without surgical operation simple remedy, invaluable for weak eyes; Conaump tion, Dropsy, Lumb ago, Rheumatic Cure, prevention o Small Pox and Fevers, and other invaluable information. Poet free is, no further charge; genuine hints.—WHEEL- HollBk, Printer, 18a New Sold-street, Leicester,

rpHE COMPLECE HERBALIST, Guide to family med .1 eine an 4 complete family doctor ; unique value, sixth edition 5s post free.—CHEETHAM, Publisher. 4, Oak-road, Crumpsall, Manchester. Beautifully Illustrated shakes- petian Almanac and separate treatise on Foreign and Native Herbal Remedies free for two stamps.

UT HO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one since I bought of Crosby Lockwood and Son, 7, Stationers' Hall Court, London, E. 0., a copy of ' EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER,' by A BARRISTER. price 63. Bd, post free, which has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers' fees. New and revised Edition (1902) just published.

_ AVALUABLE DISCOVBRY.—The sucscriber being a sufferer for fifteen years from Piles, and, after using much ineffectual medicine, has found a Permanent Cure. He now offers the remedy to others. He will give a written guarantee to refund the money, either if the cure is not effected within a given time, or should the disease return, and the remedy fall. Templastra, County Antrim, Ireland.

- - IFE POLICY FOR SALE.—United Kingdom Temper- -14 and General (General Section), £1,000; dated 1b77 ; bonus £434 ; hist bonus £ll2 ; annual April premiums, £2ll 58. 10d. ; surrender value, £483. Also Prudential. dated 1888, £250 ; bonus £4B .• last bonus, £3 15a; annual August Premium, ET lOs sd. ; surrender value, £59. Same life. Age admitted SO next. Whole Life. World wide. Prime £500.-13. PADFIELD, 30,Pem :street, Liverpool

ROCIWS HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectual :HOOPING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4; per bottle. Sold Whole- BRONCHITIS eale Agents: W. EDWARDS &SON, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP street, London.

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR "LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS THOMAS " EXCELSIOR " CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL. RIM BRAKES AT THE ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE THE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED. SOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES, FREE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

100 %Hl{ an assortedak e r :deaf kp aPta t?rhe we cior kr s 1 ea n dAoander eCoosr oLnAa Warehouseman, SJ, Stoney-lane, Houndsditch, A FULLY Guaranteed High Grade CYCLB for £5. Free- tl wheel, plated rims, rim brake, and guaranteed Pneu- matic Tyres.—Full particulars from OICLEI, 164, Fentham road, Handsworth, Birmingham.

QliOP 80ILND LlYol6l.o3.—Bac,lient machines complete KJ 55s cash. Bight Guinea Machines, new departure, free wheel and combined brake, 93s cash.—MlLL an Biwa., 12, Approach, London Bridge, London.

IYCLISTS. Don't buy new tyres. Try our re-rubbered lj ones. fully equil in wear and appearance to new. from 6s. 61 Your own re-rubbered from 48. 6d, send enquiries however Bm‘ll,—HoßliSEY TyliE AND CyCLE Co, 431 a Hornsey-roael, London.

CYCLISTS WANTING 3 mod ths riding with once in flat. log, punctures stopped, porosity cured, tyres kept id splendid preservation Id months try " Noncompara," ls. 2d. per bottle, 5,000 tree to Agents. Particulars enclose stamp. —MESSRS BoOBrER, Linco In, Agents wanted.

QEINSA TIONAL OFFERS. Corona Cycles and Motors sma rt, up-to-date, fully guaranteed. Popo'ars, guaran- teed 2 y ears, from £417. bd. Free wheels, plated rims,rim brakes E. 5 17s 6d. Cushions £4sa. Genuine B.S.A. or Radio from £7. Motor Bicycles 3a guineas. Send for lists CORONA CYCLE CO., Maidenhead.

- AT HALF PRICE, CYCLItS, bankrupt stock Special offer, Lady's or tents, free wheel, plated rims, front rim brake, detachable pneumatic tyres, mudguards, lin. pitch roller chain, latest improvements price £5 be; honestly worth £lO. Or we will send complete outfit consisting of lamp, bell, spanner and tyre lever, oilcan, pump, all nickel pl ated and tool bag 7s. 6d. post paid. worth 15s. Cheques and P.O. Crossed London and South Western Bank. READING .&ND MINTON, 201, Walworth--road, ondon,

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, vir V V ALTON" BICYCLE £lO 106. THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROM B.S.A. FITTINGS, ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND & CO. WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREAT SANKEY, NEAR WARRINGTON.

CYCLE INFIRMARY, IS THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO JOB TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFICULT. ANY MAKE OF CYCLE REPAIRED IN A FEW HOURS FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. ALL WORK GUARANTEED. TYRES RE-RUBBERED AND RE-LINED. EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS, CYCLES BUILT TO ORDER, From B.S.A.Bathes, Perry's and Ohater Lea Fittings. Agent for Palmer Tyres, Bowden Brakes, and Hyde's Ratchet Free Wheel. ENAMELLING AND PLATING A SPECIALITY, ALL ACCESSORIES KEPT IN STOCK. NOTE THE ADDRESS:— P. H. GUEST, MANUFACTURER OF THE " CIUESTO " CYCLES, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

OLADE & CO'S. CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING WORLD-RENOWNED MAKES : PREMIER. GLORIA, MOHAWK, JAMBS GLOBE, BAYLISS, THOMAS & Co's. EXCELSIOR CYCLES. REPAIRS AND SUNDRIES. FREE WHEELS FITTED. CYCLES ON HIRE. TELEPHONE 7094. SPECIAL TERMS TO CLUB MEMBERS.

NOT A CATCH-PENS y ADVERTISEMENT. WHAT I A FIRST CLASS NIACHINE, FOR ,t 6 19s. 6D? it.s hardly possible ; we manage it though, and what's more, we guarantee every tart for twelve mouths. and Bend on approval. If it isn't equal to any 9 guinea and most 10 guinea cycles on the market, send it back and have your money re- funded, that's fair. Includes DUNLOP 1902 tyres, Hyde frictionless PIM& WHEEL (made by Inadie Manufacturing Ce.) Westwood PLATED RIMS, BOWDBN /MAIM inch ROLLER CHAIN, beautifully finished and built by cycle:mechanics, not garnet men. Finest value anywhere. Send for list and save £3. g lARR AND CO. A responsible firm whose guarantee is worth 20v in the R BURY, LANCASHIRE.

TYRES! TYRES ! ! TYRES !! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and beet cover in the trade ; 11 s 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Beat price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & /0., LTD., INDIARUBBBR MANUFACTURERS. 28, BRUNSWICR-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

LEA-FRANCIS, ROYAL ENFIELD, TRIUMPH, SUNBEAM. 1902 Patterns Now on View. Spring frames,Cross frames, and Featherweight Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guinoa Blachines (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free Cash or easy payments. Second- hand machines from £2 los. HITCH INGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD sr, & 165, DUKE SP, LIVERPOOL.

FREE—CYCLES ! CYCLISS Marvellous Bargains 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Accessories. Bargains in Eadie's and B.S.A. Machines. FRRIS to any address, the most interesting SO page Catalogue in the trAde. Second hand Cycles from 30s. 2,000 New Machines from £2 17s 61. Plated films, Rim Brake, Free-wheel Machines from 24 10s each. Every class of Machines In stock. Accessories Ralf: price-50 per cent. cheaper than others. Marvell ,us Bargains; Agent s waute4 ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 60 page new Illustrated Catalogue, Which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested In the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FILER to aII.—WARRILOW & Weston-super Mare.

ROBERT LOWE% ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and salerooms : No. BANK-STEBET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED 808 SALE. New and bt cond-band Fnrniture and other Good' Constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invite& Furnitui e, warenoused, ,

BUFF OftelNu lON EGGS for sitting, from grand stamP hens and polleta,mated to celebrated Partington strait' X cockerels, 3s. per dozen ; everlasting layers.—Jour faEoßag STEELE, Elworth, Sandbach.

LOGS for SI 1 TING from pure bred birds,Buff Orpingtous Black Minorca, Silver Laced Wyandottes, White Leg— borne, Blue Langsbans, Plymouth Rocks, and Houdats Leghorns, 2s. 6d. per sitting.—Apply, TAYLOH. Poplar Farms Hough Green, Widnes. BARRED ROCK EGGS from pen containing cockerel. bred from George Jackson's Liverpool challenge Cup oek, mated to Butterfield's champion challenge cup pullets. and Cook'e[(Lincoln) hens 2s dozen ; also from special sele6 pen, containing cockerel, son of cock, winner 1900, 2a4 Evesham, 4th Rock Club Show,mated to Cook's hens ; 3e. eid• dozen ; postage 6d—VERNON, Seedsman, Bickerton, Malpas. ' Cheshire. UGGS FOR SITTING.—SEASON 1902. Poultry Keeper,. All will now be asking, where they can get CIOCKI and Re' liable Eggs ? An important question, s. sing so much fraud practiced at the present day. Take no notice of prize t Winners, but see the Birds if possible. I have a Stock of Birds well worth seeing and cordially invite an inspection of the following Pure Birds :—Langehans, Indian Game:, t White Braismas, saincaehire Buffs, Black Leghorne, Bufr Leghorns, Brown Leghorus, Buff Orpingtons, Black WOW tone, Houdene, Golden Wyandottes, Silver Wyandottes, Buff Wyandottes, Black Minorcas, Blue Andilusians, White Leghorne, Barred Plymouth Rocks, Buff Chochins two pens of First Crosses for Good Layers and able Birds ; one Houden Cock, Buff Orpingi on Hens, Brown Leghorn Coclt Golden Wyandottes Hens, all A-1. Eggs all one price,viz - 2s 6d per 13 Rime to them who feteh them. 3s carefully packed and put on rail. If not 10 Fertile hggs in each sit- ting I will make all good if brought back or sent C.r. Splendid Buff and White Runner Ducks, Grand Layers, 2s per doz. Note change of address :—HENRY DILAPER. 201, Newton-road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-Pt Willows. No Business done on Sundays.

HORSECLOTHING. BEAUMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED. 26, WHITEOHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horseelothing, knee Rugg, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, to. Home sod export. Established len. ONY FOR SALE, 13 bands.—Apply, W. F. MEADosrS Maghull near Liverpool.

HOHSII.-051 SALM, till May 27th handsome bay, sound, free goer.. Splendid action, 40 guineas, bred by Owner; suit a gent leman.W. SEUTTLEwoRTH, , House, Altrineham.

OO SALE a new LIVERPOOL GIG, with rubber tyre, Warner Wheels, painted blue. Lined Yellow, suit 14 or 15 Hands, J HODGICINSON, Coacilbuilder, Stanley-street, Atherton. near Manchester.

ANDAUS LIGHT, Circular Brougham Hansoms. 'Mil* 1-4 Rubber Tyres, Dragonettes, Charabanes, Brake. Waggonettes with moveable heads; also Cab Proprietors and Funeral Stwir. 50, some equal new, great bargains. easy terms, visit, Catalogue free.--11AnsToxe, 24,Bradford- treat. Birmingham.

jittitabuirrpt Cu. HIGH-CLASS GAS ENGINES; new design ; latest fa' provements. Sizes in stock, one to twenty-four brake horse power.-ELIJAH ASHWORTH. Collyhurst, ldanchest.er2. TT IS WORTH YOUR WEIIL ' TO BUY YOU 1; LUBRICANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS No OoRROsIVE largest sale in the world. Brigitte Oil, 110.; Cylinder Oil, 110, ; Machinery Oil, 110. • Spindle Oil, ; Gas Engine Oil, le 6d.; Dynamo 011, l.s'6d per gallop; in barrels free and carriage paid.-Rauesicz LuzunuATlNa OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London, WC. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow; 1. Saudbill, Quayside, Newcastle-on-Tyne. - -

PATENT OFFICE bI ANCHESTEN HOTABL/EIRED Ix 1836. Messrs. GEORQE DAVIES Ic SON have ha 4 more than 4° years personal experlencein connection with this Establisfr ment andpomess practise' knowledsre of the cotton,woonen anl iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,'' prle3-6a. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price le. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, P.1.P.A., C. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. BLANCHESTER.

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OVER 450 GOLD & SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AwARI‘ " VOWEL " WASHING, WRINGING, & MeNQLIN..I BIACHINEo, LAUNDRY REQUISITES, " DIAPHRAGM " CHURNS. BUTTER WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free' THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, Biel; Holborn, London ; 130, Bold Stret Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester. ; Crescent Hi"- VVorks. Salford.

VV. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, - mei TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY WILL MAKE A SPECIAL SHOW OF NEW GOODS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. ON TUESDAY NEXT AND F 0 LLOW 'SG DAYS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK. TRIMMED MILLINERY, DRESS FABRICS, SILKS, DELAINES, FANCY MUSLIMS, MANTLES, COSTUMES, LACE GOODS, REAL LACES, RUFFLES, sumszimans, &c., &c. W. HODGEINEON LIMITED, BRIDGE STEEP, WARRINGTON.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. IVIR. PERCY RANDALL PROF B,SOR OF MUSIC. re ..r ORGANIST AND CHOIRMASTER OF HOLY TRA.- CHURCH, Hs REMOVED TO VV INMARLEIGH STREET WHERE HE WILL CONTINUE TO RECEIVE PUr.`"-- FOR THE ORGAN, PIANOFORTE. VLOWNL,e, MANDOLINE, SINGING, THEORY AND HARgO2I;,"" PUPILS CAREFULLY PREPARED FOR uxuausAst,, IN ANT Or THE ABOVE SUBJECTS. FEES ON APPLICATION TO ref 7, WINMARLEIGR STREET, W PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON:

I

I

I

1

MATTERS OF MOMENT. 2/6 PEtt lAPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT A Provincial Letter. 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS WINE MERCHANTS, 26, RENSLIkW STREV, LIV6RPOJI., (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

KENRICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAW SIREET, LIVERPOOL. Srns, IT,F AND REASONABLE CHARGEs.

- . . " '*, ~ , . I 3 • I' . xl,f, , POISONS THE BLOOD • 'as surely as a serpent's bite. It i 1 lessens brain power, lowers vita- , ~ lity, produces languor, sleepless- , ness, nervous depression, and is Ithe source of aching heads and . weary limbs. 1 THE KEY TO HEALTH IS . good digestion, and Mother Seigers Curative Syrup gives that assured- ly. "After suffering from acute . indigestion and constipation for over two years," says Mr. BARBER, Woodrow Dairy, Stourton Caundle, Dorset, "Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup completely cured me, and this when everything else had failed." I ating3TINIEIR sogiGivs \ CURATIVE ~ /SYRUP , _ ......*.__ .

IWOULD YOU HAVE SOFT VELVETY 0 Th 1 I , 1„ ~. :oncytHAierweapili ROLIGIINrEeSmS If. TAN, IRRITATION, Bottles in am very vsLAhmorl -tsiry)o c. ' 6d.,15.,and25.6. CHELTE/sIHLi. _ - ._1

1 , , STILL AT THE FRONT , , , ' WITH \ \ MOTOR CARS, \ CYCLES AND tf REPAIRS. • CALL AND SEE MY BARGAINS, BOTH NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 4 ,411, Oh, - .ij ' --.' • .4 1:d1 "( -,,ff'P too- , ' , \ 11; , , W. . BELLIANi ,i. Aso • J mole 115, SANKEY :ST., WARRINCTON. v •-, National Telephone, 3671. t:

CRICKET HOCKBY.—If one firm of manufacturers more than another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of Implements for Sport, that firm is GEO. G. BUSSET AG Co., of London, who are leading the way again with their Hockey Clubs and Balls which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Deller for G. G. B. et Co.'s Special Hockey List It mot procurable apply to 36 and 38 Queen Victoria-atreet,London. F tctory —Pee k ham,S B.—Adyt

r• FRANK SUGG p,lOlll LORD sr CO FREE LIVER POOL

AIM W. i ) -7, • 11 CRICKET BOOTS CRICKET BAGS Brown Leather, 6 6, 7i6. 10/6 66, GA 716, 10,6, 1216. White Buck. 9,6 /2/6. 15,6, 22/6, 27/6.

- , ......... ,„_._.____. = ~ , -, 3 ..„ _ - 7r.._____-------. -- rA(----- ------ -'7-1 f : 7 • .-_- -_- ___,„6„, Ari. ___. , _ _ .. . . . ____ , i 1 •••..T. - = .., --",".?-e _---,,-:'-------,:_-,,,-----_,_--_-_ . _* -----, , .....__-- it .-"t'l.l‘.-. L....1PA ;la.- -7------70""1°: A0m........ ,c--!.. ri .e-4-7.- -7-_—_----• e „,......„,„,,......_..•,,,_ ~...__, „..._______- ...._________„_ .......,_ _ ____ _Th. ~. _ _.,--...._ __,,,zt__ _ _______=--- • , . • . ~ ; Mr, J. H. CABLING, Grocer, High The CAMBRIDGE LEMONADE is carefully Street, Ryde, writes :—" The Cambridge prepared from selected Sicilian Lemons. and is Lemonide, I may say, is far and away guaranteed to contain the ratural ref:eshing . f the best I have sold yet. It has quite a constituents of the fresh tire fruit, free from any added acid, or other inj damns ingredient. refreshing flavour, and is without that horrid acid. A customer to whom I PURE AND WHOLE3OPAE. introduced it has, within the last six The Lancet :—The materials are pure and weeks, used four dozen. She said she wholesome, being obtaine4l from selected had used every other Lemonade she lemons. It possesses the pleasant aroma and could get, but Cambridge beats all." acid t ISte of the fresh cut lemon, and affords a refreOling and agreeable summer beverage. CHIVERS &- SONS, LTD., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE Proprietors of the First English Fruit Growers' Jam Factory.

next year they would have the senior cup. (Applaug). RE-ELECTION oF OFFICERS. Mr JOHNJEFFBRY moved the rf-elec-don of Mr Thoros4 Pernborton as lion treasurer ; Mr H.nry Ashton as boa secretary ; and Messrs I' Wallington and W Webster ag hon auditors Mr E V WALKER in seconding ttie proaosition, said the club could not possibly have a better snt of officer:s. The proporition was carried unAnitnously, THE COMMITTEE. It was decided to elect the commiltie by b dlot, aø Mears Turner, S Beaman, Burdett, Heaton, ,1 Knowlegr and Shaw were appoititel scrutineers. The result of the ballot was as follows I—T B >were, 103; T L,.cker, 98 ; W NPViI34. 89; T Divies,B3 ;W Hewitt, 73 ; S Jeffery, 64; W Dillon 49; T Barnee,sen,46 ; J T Thorniley, 39 ; Jobs Rigby, 32 ; C Healey, 8. The six first named gentlemen were app,iinted on Ur. committee. The only altrr3tioo from last year's committee is the substitution of itt S W Jeffery or Mr WDillen. Messrs Bowers and Locker were appointed trusteee . HONORARIUM TO OFFICIALS. Mr RATES prove -d that an honorarium of £25 esCh be granted t) the bon secretary and boo treasurer,aad £5 each to iki hen auditors. Mr THORNILET seconded, and it was carried. THE CHAIRMAN THANKED. Mr lasonas WALLiNaToN proposed a hearty vote 01 thanks to Mr Neil tor presiding. They desired apr dent, he said, who would not only show sympathy 'olds the club but who would associate with the memberr. Mr Neil they had such a president and they had made n wise choice in re-electing him. Mr W WEBSTER seconded the vote of thanks cella was cordially c.rried. Mr NEIL ackn wiladged the compliment and tile/ meeting terminated. 4

Pure Starch helps to preserve linen and delicate fabrics Colman's Starch is a pure Starch. 44.1 - the See that ? Colman's Bull's Head t Name and .4., ;'"&'u are nßox. COLMAN'S STARCH Regd.

TO WARRINGTON FROM. 6 ,a°T9sn Bridge-6 30, 7 40. 8 52, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 720 9,) Sundays 755, a m 442 pm. kltear and Hillhouse-11 24, 12 44, 2 12, 4 2, 4 13, 5 55, 19. 8 24, alo IT, Sundays, 920, 2 21, 8 22. aSaturdays 'esPted Bkmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10,5 5067 20 511, 12 25. 2 0 35 a 4 40 5 50,7 25.6undays 310. 12 40,7 0. arhuradays only Bkraingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48, 2 23, ° 45.7 15,10 34 11 25, Sunday 4 15, am4O. 11 25 p.m. Biackbutm-8 30.10 48. 1230,1 55, 347. 75(1 a 9 5, 010 is, o,,,tmaye, 8 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston ,',lnkPool (Talbot Road) —8 5, 8 45. 9 55, 10 40, 11 40 1 40 k. 9 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 2, 1 35 5 12, 7 37. 6 „41aelmoo1 (Central) —7 25, 8 25,8 57,10 0,10 21.11 25, 1 5 52 6 60, 815. Sundays 6.45. 1 15,4 57,8 45. 6 ,51,01t0n—.6 55, 640 7 55, 8 35, 9 10, 10 25.12 10, 2 5, 4 15 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m a -,,turdays only. i-ea„ rlisle—al2 5, 6 40. 830, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 5 55, 12,31141 days 12 5 a.m., 1 50, 8 41..an4n lays ; excepted. g r.ilester-7 25,8 45. 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 40, 1 55, 2 10, 3 0 55,6 10,5 15, 6 35,7 35,810.8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,055 2 Collins Green-3 39, 79, 8 42. 10 24. 11 23, 1 33, g 35, 4 1.5 38, 623. 6 36,7 47, 9 6.10 46. Sunday n"a•M. 1 15.13.01• 6‘"reke-4 45. 6 0,6 30°8 13.9 20, 6, 11 31, 2 25, 315 415 640, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55. 7 10. 245 4 10, 9 n Iliresbury-8 16, 1017. 1118. 2 52, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays '7 45 p.m. 'tlY-18 12. 9 35. 10 30, 1 12, 3 35:,4 47, 75 823 930, Zwlys 1 25, 7 30,6 22. 6 55, aExcept Mondays. 12Vielliown-6 58, 7 13, 846, 9 15, 945, 10 26, 11 25 sc„-- 142, G 13. 314. 515, 5 52, 630 7 33. 8 8 9 20210 36 s„„' 6.Suudays 8 33.9 52,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24 a Saturdayil oaly. 6 f iddler's Ferry & renketh-7 'l2. 8 55. 943,12 3, 29, 327 `s; 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22.2 57. 2. ndBham-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 111, 2 31, 4 11, 536, 657, 831 ays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. le'arss !ten (Cheshir Lines)-7 28, 7 54, 90, 9 50,10 48 12 0 211, 32. 449. 56. 556, 6 )1, /34 9 1 Sul 14y s o 9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 40, 6 51, 8 54. l▪ .algnw__lo 0.2 0.2 1, 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 5 50. 9 5.p m 9 borne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 27 2, 41. 438530 7 12 40 Sundays 9 40. 75. , Rough Green-7 45, 8 10. 99, 103, 1055, 1.9 139 222 ▪ 16, 5 3,6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 15. Sundays 8 23,9 20, 3 23 454 9 4 1141 am and Cs.dishead (Central)-7 359 53,13 50 459. 650. 90 Sundays 10 09, 6 53, 8 50. 100. g Latchtord 814.8 409 99.10 2 11. 16, 1 20. a 1 45. 2 1 T t 4.1# 7.6 49.7 31,3 Q., 1127. Suntlays 823 -TT ' 63. aSttlardays only. bßaturdays excepted. 11 "verPonl (via Roslestown)-42'55. 60,1 5% 80. 8 35.9 25 , P. 15. 130, 3 0,4 20 45(1, 5'35:7 5, 8 25, bll 15. Sunday ' 60,9 20.13 30, a l/Condays only. b3aturdays only. „ Via Widnes (L. & N.W.)--6 25, 8 10, 95, 9 51, 12 25, 1 26 .-35.3 35 a 20, 6 20,6 5,8 30, 1045, Sundays 7 31,, 2 0. 715 „Uvernool (Cheshire Lines)— .520 7 10, 7935,8 21, 8 30, 833 40 9 39 9 35 Inn 317:1, 11 15,1120,1110. 11 50,12 30, 1 0, 1 33, 1 813 4 ,1 55 2 30. 9O 350 a AO, 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35.1 30, 8 30, 93 9 I 0,11 40 SnanT3 7170, 90.230,250 4 20 6 30, 8 30,8 35 4 London (1., N Vi')-*-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 13, 2154 15 12(1 Sundays 10 0.5 30. 12 0. V. 7 1 4 0, 1 55,5 30 6 45 ra'ion(l,lldlandl--5 1.9110'1.0, 16 16. Sun 'lays 3 15, 12 0. aezeept Mondays. Lyram-8 7, 5 32,9 14, 9 54, 11 8, 111, al 37,_,2 25 7 15 25, 2 53 4,45 33,5 59,6 41, 7 26, 9 33,11 19. Sunday 8 15 sltilsdays only bSaturdays ecoeptei. 167,s5llehes1er (L 3: N.-W.)-7 45. 3 5419 30, 95,940 10 45 5, 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0. 75, 8 0, 9 28, 10 40 Yam 80,8 0.10 e, °' 16,:*;) 25 in - ir°lnchester kLondon-road)-7 20.7 3/4,5 s— 33. 12 35 1 5 55,b 620 65, 6 50, 855, 1 0 uu. lays 7 .20 1 4 -bs ' 'athrnays exegateu =. ',Saturdays only. ii == 120, 830, a 9 5. 930 el:tester (Cheshire Lines)-6 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30. 'l5 30 10 35 11 30 12 30 12 50 1 • • 35 11 0, 110, Sunday W 6 30, 6 38, 730 8 30, 8 30 40,a Monday, AS', 20. 5,6 35 8 , 114,,°Yday end Seturdeve orall Aqiiewleh-6 48. 239 86. No Sunday trains. B'l9, 4 58 —658.9 6 *'l9 12 14,3 53,5 0.7 33.Sunds,s. 9 10 9 10 22,118, 12 40 I 1016, .4 7 „01.1-6 55.7 25.8 42. 9 8.9 2 , , isn'.ll 47" 46 5 10,' 556 5 49, 6 27, 7 AO. 90,915, 955 114, undays 8 30, 9 49,100, 3 40,7 20 11 9 aSaturdays ) 617 L. 'is 62R 9 r, 11 ?A. 11 24, 12 56.1 32 1 41 215 435, 5 21,5 31, 6 26, 7 26, 86 9 32. all 50 Sundays 37 579 ▪ --•°1 35 S nda s 8106 10 9-8 25. 11 5, 155, 5 5.6 55, a 8 • , t;tys only. 7' 6 20 6 55, 8 0. 8 26, 9 0,11 10, 11 21,1 25 1 45, ' 511' ▪0• . 5 256 10, 655. 7 75. 3 50 1030, all 51 Sunday "9,6 9 R dsys only 7 u,,t1.1., 5.a atm. , V I'9rt-8 5.8 55. 10 10.11 5.12 25. 1 55 ,2 , 50.3 55 533 4 '4,49 5 10 0 Sundays. 90, 2 0, 8 0, auaturdays only. `5 10, 8156. '9lB. 9 58. 1112. 115. al 41. 29, 2 2 42n 37, 63. 6 45, 7P. 37, Iv 7 1 1103 Sundays, 8 19, 9. 48atnrdays only, Haturdays excepted. "slqan s, 7-1-9,5. 1315.9 26 9 .6, 10 0,11 22, 13 15, 15, I 230

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildling a Speciality. Largest Stoat of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarged to 160 pages, JUS2 PUBLI S H With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. importer c f Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application. MORELL, 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSB UV, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : —" Rabbitry, London."

INSTANT RELIEF, ' INSTANT RELIEF, . RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. BADE'S PILLS. ONE 13017L1S CURED ! I IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE. , 53, Northumberland-street, Korth-street, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901. Sir,—! have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great pod your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed, cured me. I have not token any for twe years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when I was taken with it again in the arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely. .„4, two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly ROBERT A. HARDIE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions. elimlnate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative Sold everywhere in bottles, Is lid. and 23 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor. Sold/everywhere in Bottles, is id. and 2s. 91., or sent post free for stamps or p 0 by the Proprietor GEORGiII EADE, 232, Goswell-road,_London. GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

HAVE you A DAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. peras surrounded with inflammation and swollen:that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering tiR death releases yen. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated. the sarne with the ankles, round which the skin may be Ms. coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had medical advice and been told your ease is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send at, once a Postal Order for Is. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT. 73 Parringdon-strdet. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is atertain remedylor the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated SoMts, Carbuncles, Poisoned tian44. aucti Bnaions. ißegiateredCopyright.

COFFEE ESSENCE ..,_ ,4 I 1 t , , 415. • , *PA t;sitslNci;N-ritl,f "is .1::' Ram .-4 • pik:z444 eirowsysta ING"iiiktick' f•tag/1 C I I 'I . NVAISTS'' Mr* Coffee. Candela:ln Coffee Coffee & Chicon, A STIMULANT I A RESTORATNE I A COMECTIVES Pr REFUSE ALL OTMERE "113

Dales' is wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow po,ish- lag with blacking. • GOLD. MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWAIiDS. Dub h; Tins 2d., ed., ii- 6,02/6 of Boot Makers, Sadd,ers, Ironmongers c. Manklactorp East Dul-mck, 1111 in &c. London.

DON'T FURNISH Until you have seen our FREE ILLUSTRATED ....; CATALOGUE, showing beautiful up-to-date designs in CARPETS and RUGS. Our "Sirdar" Sovereign earpets are the g finest Value obtainable. Bordered, Seiuless, V. Durable. Equal to Brussels. , 2x 2 yds. 2x gi yds. g x 3yds. gi x 3 yds. , a, 11/6 ' 't Further sizes & prices on application to the Manufacturers, TURNER BROS.. 40 WILSON-ST, LONDON, E.C. All goods Carriage Paid. IMMENSE DF.NIAND. Send to day ta be In firm You'll be delight

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated! Book oontaining valuable information how all Irregularities and obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple I means Recommended by emine Physicians, as the only Sate. Sore, and Genuine Remedy. Never falai. Thousands of testimonials. Mr P. BLANCHARD. Dalston Lane, London.

Chair Bedstead. A comfort to every home. Can be used as CHAIR, COUCH, OR BED9THAD, 16/6 at Works. • • Iron Chair (ift. by 2 ft., with Blageire Brass Front Legs, and Three Cretonne Cushions, with Two Arm Pads. „ G. E. FOWLES & 89, DusHAN ROAD, Blaranicuux.

• Kna SIZE& I for Ladies.' PILLS A FRENCH REMEDY bUPEENEDING BITTER ‘n APPLE. PIL 000HIAC, PENNYROYAL, ern. Price 48.6 d, post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

A CELEBRATED NELSON WATCH & CHAIN 0 FOR ONE DAY'S WORK-. FREE We send this Genuine 30-Hour Nickel-Plated . WATCH, Warranted an ACCURATE TIME- r: ,1,---.;, KEEPER, with Chain and Pendant to Boys and Girls for Selling Seven Beautiful Pieces of 'm ) (torb'\ Jewellery at is. each. Sterling Value. Send - ilti your 101 l Name and Address (Post-card will do) I/ _.` b•, by Return of Post, and we will at once forward ,S ' a Z; the Box of Handsome Jewellery, Post Paid and t, a large Premium List. No Money Required. NE TRUST YOU. We send the Goods at `.... our own risk. Send us the money that you get •;;;„\.....",,‘ for them, and we send you the Watch, Chain, and Pendant by RegiStered Post' ABSOLUTELY FREE VIE NELSON MANUFACTURING CO„ . gil. ALDR.USGATE STREET. Lox nem. R.,G.

--- . . , .. MERRY WE ATHERS -11 IC C ~ AlOi'"''''''',W.''',l*..tv: . . . 4I- N. vi.6:4; q-A44 '' • '''sk ri."'"" ''''''''lA;P• . GAR De*,,,. ,0 5 ' • 63 LONIGiRgA4.I _ _,,,,,.._• N.....,.....e..,e,i-, .4,.N.,vf. LARGEST MAKBt'' ~.'4l°:i;"'"' ',I v; , g ~ -, ',, , CL AS S I-10SE: lisi,' .' 3t, ;,-1tV74;•14%;4'

11, 6 ELEGTRO PLATED - TEA-SPOONS AND 1 SUGAR TONG, 4/- Post Free. Send P.O. for I/ and above will be sent on Approval Post Free, and remit balance upon receipt of goods. If not entirely satisfied, return goods and deposit will be returned in full. PRICE LIST POST FREE. ENIZY WALTERS. Spoon & Fork manufactory. Mardy Works, Leicester Street, SHEFFIELD.

WOMAN'S UNIOAILINO FRIEND I ar viLE,sPEDAYTREOEYLAL 'pais FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OESTEUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WIWI THE SEX. Boxes, & 2,9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any, where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE (fG Co., 06, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. nr,,,,,rs of Imitations, infurions mid storthleat.

714 RE- \ 17A1NLTERS BRITISH ~"/ FRIENEL AND PERFECTION'. EXPRESS 01. DERERS' BURNINGOFF TORGI-1.; N,& . SHowiNG TOOL SIMPLEX SOLDERING Fn, TOOL ATTACHED BU RFUD GE &Ca. PATENTEES AND MANUFACTURER 5.240 MOSELEY FIEBIIAM. BLOW LAMPS REPAIRED.

VIRE 3E IA TO THE RUPTURED •,. •fo: '2.4s ' ' \ • / • •-;;< ' -141: •'* 4-tft i‘liVt.", 4 WM. KID D (flow a Photo) OLENFONDLAND, HUNTLY, ABERDEENSHIRE. Mr. KIDD having cured himself of Rupture by Dr. Rice's method, desires others to know of this new cure. A free sample and books will be sent to any afflicted person that writesto • Dr. W. S. RICE, Ba,) 9, Stonecutter St., London, E.C.

9 , W r • • '• • INTmENTo CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late .533, Oxford Street), London.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. f3acHAks P I LIS FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with "lull aizeetious. Sold everywhere.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST. w ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. 'Fake some good Compound such r. COCKL'.6—'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. 1 a • LES FREE 1-7.0 Nil MERCURY ANTIBILIOU,.k OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILL fl-or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

roFt.CEMOTIM 1 i A Healthy and Natural Development o; the figure lay %veering the el '5.0.,; .:...,,, , - , —2. lirj ',.- '--- -1., , _ s, .V. IQ ,t ,• > - , - ' ,(tw- MEE= PATENT f 2 SIDE-SPRING ii. i C • R.(z,w, 7 ,i 5 Beautifut in Construction. Unrivalled in Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pre lire. but yield to the mov.onents or the tody, and the side supports are nub rea La tb, Modelled in different shapes to suit ausious types of figurhs. tli,,,y yiolui a I:10Z graceful and rounded appearance. Prices, 3/11i, 5/6, 611 old 10/6, Obtainable from the principal Prom,. rind ladies' OutfitterS, but irony difficulty in procuring,. arra° for natio, of flearst . agent, rttSiSt Ott itaning the .T. B. Side-Pl-7m-Corsct —The Best IMPORTANT :—The Wear of every J. Z. C,,ast is absolutely guarantee—XL-7 the— HOLE MANUFACTURER .7. S. 737,24L1R . . . . . GREAT ANGOATS ST., MANCHESTER; _ • ______

MBE fio - - iTtim mmimini_ tram- " IN ALL TIM WORLD UN EQUALL:ID•"

D's CUSTARD POWDER B!RD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable dietfor Invalids_being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

MANLY MENI Why suffer7trom pains and misery caused by Nervonsness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness C Send to my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughty and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and gvaranteed genus "I Cannot find words to express ow Alrtßa. a, am. used to think I never would ges cure I. I wish I had seen your advertisement at lint, I should have saved many pounds.-4,F M." nave carriccl out your Instructions, and am now per teeny Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIG. 92 nd93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Sendat once and be cured. 12 Yesrs Continuous Succeee

The finest machines possible to obtain. PRICES :.-4610 108. to £25. CASH, OR DEFERRED PAYMENTS.

Catalogue also Booklet Free from Agents* as under:— T. DAINTITH, Bridge Street, WARRINOTOtI. F. WOOLDRIDGE, Righ Street, CREWE. J. GRICE, Princes Street, KNUTSFORD. STUBBS & ROBERSON High St., WINSFORD. J. RICHIVIDSON, Market St., ALTRINCHAM. C. T. LYGETT, Market Square, SANOBACN.

TiIItaYADIT OVAZIB DA)4, MAJCHS STAIKIBUI) llthN Lir.IINEW. T OHBEgry E everA T o ES I ER IT c H Ey' lezeittopatrtlaiengLaanunidvioes • anis& to StarelsreYd Linen, Laces, eta. & S does not stick to spider- web - like materiels. i A Once tried atway4 wanted. Used in ths Rc H Cio:4 • Royal Laundries. Mould be used In house. Sold by raOst by Sterol/ Sealers in Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only T. Cerrosmay, Bla&burn. ; . POWDE KI LLS .4.; - • fLEAS BUGS..MOTHS.BEETLES. .

TINS is-BELLOWS 9d.

DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celetrated an over theyorld as the most safe 'and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back. Gravel. Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy 07 other Deposits, htnne in the Bladder, Discharges. an Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous. eaten arise solely Item contamination of the blood with certain Impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DE ROOS, LONDON." thereon, by order of her Majesty's Don. Commissioners, Price is. lid. and Es. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, .m post free from Psourieterr Holford House. KOitOrd-50138re. LOvainn.

COLEMAN'S THE FINEST TONIC IN THE WORLD. 000,:eocsed,..trfirtim. 6,000 NORWICH & LONDON.

JUNO CYCLES ARE THE VERY BEST. FOR FREE LADIES a GENTLEMEN. WHE 13/4 ewr-,.. —" r,... Corriage Paid to allpasts. CASH on /2 MONTHLY Mthly. PAYMENTS. f £7 3s. 13/4\ Z 7 'Ss. 14/2 • IS 86. 151. .t/ ; 1 Es, 53. 16/8 -1 C ' \ £1:11 v9ll e r 11 1051488 .1 :21 :71 es/11-6: I andi _ PO sT all".."v'r.irtesooat oilnlucestrfoartioNneW,LEJTlV4L; and latest Cycling Aneexprles at lower prioea than any other house. &esti post .1 se,. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' td. (Dept. C., 7s, Aishopsgide Street VVlthout, Co.,Condon, C.C.. AND p:ocupu.s, c.....a, LOnDolf, W.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P.MIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETEt. Appointments unnecessary,,but may be arranged. TEETH. TEETH. Bach All consultations free. patient.lnfworomr:drebqtree(!iaand the oost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mo,ferate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendams. TEETH. P-inless Exotif-aclrroatis.h4licifeto by the aid TEETH. fdakor to Dentists of I.l,oool7allens weekly. Exors. of the labs J. 13.• PARKINSON (DENTIST BY DEAN( MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... ...GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON .3A, SANKEY-STREE WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. jIIrORN, -31. BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. IORTHWICH-.....18, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MARRIAGES. --••••-•"- PERCIVAL—LITHERLAND-31aV 10th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev A S Cameron, Charles Percival to Maud Milerland. HEYWOOD—Dme —May I Ith , at the Parish Cimrch, War- rington, by the Rev Canon Willis, Harry Heywood to Margaret Dykes. DEATHS. BARCROFP—On May 21st at 294, Harle-street, Earlestown, Sarah Ana, wife of David Bararoltisfter a long and painful illness, aged 66. SHIPLET—ApriI 23rd at Jeppestown, Johannesburg, South Africa, aged 24 years, Alice. the beloved wife of J Shipley and youngest daughter of Thomas Cooke, Registrar, Runcorn. 111011.1 AB —May sto at Winwick-road, Warrington, Elizabeth Thomas, aged 53 years. DALLAS—May Bth at Fox-street, Warrington, Matthew , Dallas, aged 33 years. jE 10th at Cartwright-street, Warrington, Mary leS Cluoar..Eir—day 9th at Sharp-street, Warrington, Ann , (Morley, aged 51 years. p7o—n,Maagyed 73 years. Harcomr— May 12th at Frederick-street, Warrington. John I Hancock, aged 29 years. FURBER—May 13th at Howley-lane, Warrington, Mary Ana Farber, aged 70 years. Also .liWilsarTrikangtozoAppi.,l(stiteteAßarps.lenyhttahttO, atGREPANENO FRIARS . S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, ItC„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments. Tombs Tablets, Pulpits' Fonts, Headstones In Granite. Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER GUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY, Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOIEN Vi• &Limn a Co. at neSzaminer General Printing Works, Bewley - street, and published by them at the same piece and also at The Examiner Office Victoria-road,wroNue, 32, George-street, Eir. Hkranns and 3: Market-street ResmagrowN, in the County of Lancaster and also at EDO It. Rturooarrdn'the County of Chester, MAY. 17 1902.
