===== 0002601_19021003_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
EBONY AND SILVER

BRUSHES. TRAVELLING BAGS,

PURSES,

DRESSING CASES,

CARD AND LETTER CASES. BERESFORD'S9 77i CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, 44, vET X VV ALTON" BICYCLE 10 10 S.

THH BEST VALUE ON BARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROBDIB.E.A..FITTINos.

ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND & CO

WALTON CYCLE WORKS,

Galata S ANKBY, NEAR WARRING.TON.

No. 1225

HEILBRON CAN ASSURE HIS cLIRNTs that his method of testing the sight' ie the most petted in existence.

Ms HEILBRON TESTS THE SIGHT And gives ALL ADVIOB PRIM OF' OHAUFIE.

arriiirit.3- Paid:

I:ILITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STRAMBRS. IEPOOL to NM? YORK via Q clasp stown. OCEANIC ...Wed., Oct. 8 I GERMANIC Wed., Oct. 22 MAJESTIC Wed., Oct. 15 TEUTONIC Wed.. Oct. 29 CELTIC ...... Fri., Oct. 17 CYMRIC Fri., Oct. 31 Third Class passange at low rates Including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to Urdu'. Islam and Co., Liverpool, 17 Cookspor street, and 34, Laadenball Street, London, 8.C..

4 PTI S T CHURCH, GOLBORNE-STR WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (Burman SEPTEMBER 28t1 - PREACHER REV. S. D• THOMAS, Earlestow Morning, 10.45 Evening, 6 30. Adult Bible Class 2.30. key. H. DUNNICO, will preach on Wednesday, S PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAFE STREET. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBEF PREACHER: REV. J. GARDHAM MORNING. 1.0.30 EVENING 6 RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.-T ROAD EVENING CONTINUATIO glt-OpEN on MONDAY NEXT, Ootobe When the Annual Distribution of Priz MUSICAL PROGRA? , ALL PERSONS INTERESTED in Invited. (signed) J. W. LIGHTBUR' PUBLIC HALL, - FOR ONE NIGI MONDAY NEXT. 007 ADDIISSU Reserved Seats 2s. Seco. Doors Open at 7.30. Over at 9. Carris Tickets and Plan at MR Stationer MR. T THE GERA^ mv THE POPULAR C VOCALIST, DIAI SONATOR, A Ka:PORTED I IN THEIR CNN ENT SOCT ,lIHrOdUCHIg Sr Origir Lively Dances. lINIVY : Will bA e *•o' PO" t Aiming

LIVN

===== 0002601_19021003_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
A

. 4 ,1 (1: X 11161/4„.1. nitinLtoo ". • . „

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1902.

JOHN WALKER CO.,

" EXAMINER " OFVCE, BEWSEY STREET, WA'::RINGTON.

COMMERCIAL PRINTING

WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH.

SPECIAL ATTENTION is given ta Urgent Orders, and much importance is attached to the faithful fulfilment of promises as to Vane.

SPECIALITY :

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTU POSTERS. LARGH TYPH. MAMMOTH POSTERS. Fort MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING

MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the County. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTE SPECIALITY.

TELEPHONE NO. 355 Y.

B 7 Posr Ix 734c1 per Quarter, 6s 6d per man Is gd per Quarter cred

Fottls, fiVorod, 33oarliing COtabg.

OPEN-AIR TREAT URDU of CONSUMPTION.—Rudg- wick Sanatorium, Sussex; pure bracing air; good results; 2 guineas weekly. —Apply SECRETARY.

TIOLACKPOOL.—BROOKLANDS BOARDING EBTAB- _LP LISHMBNT, 12, Tyldealey-terrace, Promenade: every window sea view; highly recommended; moderate —Wragm4s.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

TELEPHONE 35Y.

JOHN WALKER & CO. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES

SOIREES BALLS

SERMONS MEETINGS &c., &c

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. CONCERT BILL AND PROGRAMMES. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
("UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) • IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES wag LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! To be had wholesale from SAM N. GREEN, AIAUKET PLACE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19021003_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

INCLUDING : LEDGERS, CASH BOOKS, JOURNALS, DAY BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, INVOICES, STATEMENTS, Scc., JOHN WALKI3I2 & CO

,EXAMINER PRINTING W LES PRINTERS it BOOKBINDERS.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
thnutation.

ST. ANNES COLLEGE (for Boys). South Promenade, St Annes-on-Sea. Grand position ; very healthy. Successes at Exams.--Rev W H JOHNSON, BA.

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Pyle, Black- pool; excellent education ; happy home; sea and country air.—Principal, Mies ROGERSON.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BE BEAUTIFUL

NOTHING AIDS BBAUTY SO MUCH AS BEAUTIFUL TEEM NEW, DAINTY,

ARTIFICIAL TEETH,

:FIT FOR A DUCHESS.

3s. TO 21e. EACH. 30S. TO TBNIGUINRAS PER SET, UPPER OR LOWER CONSULTATION FEEL TEL. 7892.

MR. W. JONES,

DENTAL SURGEON, (late of 13 Parker Street) NEW ADDRESS, THE ARCADE 85, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments tuanaosaaary but aaay arranged 1

TEETH

Alloonsultatlons free.

- PTEETU. Rath patient inform Id beforehand of work required. _IL

TEETH. sold and other fillings at moderate charges. TRETE. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Oxide, TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 weekly. Biers , of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(Dzlrrin? nr Mum.)

MANCHESTER-- -...-.46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1880),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS -- ~ --GEORGE-STREET MONDAI , 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON ..._3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDA, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN ——3 l, BRIDGE-STREET! TEIU"AY. 2 to 5.

NORTIIP7ICH— 18, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Stomp.

MONEY UNDER WILLS OR DEBDS.—Penons entitled to Cash or Property at death of relatives, or to Life Incomes, can borrow at 4 p.c. per annum, or Sell, 1111.88c.5. AVVITTIE. 42, John Dalton-street. Manchester.

1(18. PEE WEEK paid on each Elo invested in a genuine V well established business. Other amounts in propor- tion. Don't missithis opportunity of making money without risk. Balance sheet and full particulars on application.— E PRICE, 46, Havelock-road. Hastings.

ESTABLIEHED 1875. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced oa NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished:is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condusted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWHATE-STREET. CHESTER.

IF YOU REQUIRE A PRIVATE ADVANCE FOR ANY PURPOSE, OR TO ASSIST YOU INTO BUSINESS, • FROM £5 TO £5OO

ON YOUR OWN NOTE OF HIND WITHOUT HONEY LENDERS FORMALITIES, apply to the undersigned, and HE WILL GIVE YOU FULL PARTICULARS FREE. Why get sureties, pay heavy Interest, and large !Instalments when you Can BORROW PRIVATELY, AT REASONABLE RATES AT, N. STAFFORD, 3, TIE LANE, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

NlO N CRED IT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital 2100.000. -HEAD OFFICE : 38, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL, Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security, Deeds, Shares, Policies. Reversions, Annuities, dc. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...2o 14s 9d. £5O ~ 204. .. .. ~23 8s Od. £lOO ~ 40s. „ ~i, £6 155 Od, Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application, personally or by letter Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RICHARD DAVIIIS, Manager.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, MO, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- atle Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN li. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD. WIDNES. ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COM- PANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,000. LOANS OF .C 5 TO P.. 510 are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Ala^ upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Scrip, Policies of Assurance, &c, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WADSWORTH, 121, Mersey Street.

BY SPECIAL ACT OF PARLIAMENT. MR. W OOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Advanc Cash in Sums from

===== 0002601_19021003_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
£5 TO £5OO

To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers., and all others; any distance; to be repaid by easy payments to suit borrowers' convenience. Having done business in this district for 10 years, which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conducted. Call or write for prospectas. which is given or Bent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving the trouble of a journey. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LE = PRIVATELY From £lO upwarde—and payable by instalmenta a may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN.

PROMPT ATFENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has been established since 1870, and bs4 always conducted his business UNDSH HIS OWN HAKE. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has reeeived MANY HUNDREDS OP LETTERS DP APPRBOIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him.

For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with PrOSpeOttis' terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT; COUNTY FLIATINB BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEID OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHEUER

JOHN W ALKEN AND CO. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS. EXECUTES PROGRAMMES FOB FETES,

PROURAMMES Fos Batas. PROGRAMMES FOB SALES.OF WORK,

PROGRAMMES ros SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOH CONCERTS.

1

===== 0002601_19021003_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
open, d 1 inspecting light bright

FITS! FITS!FITS! All persons suffering from Epilepsy should send their name and address to JAMES OSBORNE, Medical Pharmacy, Ash- bourne, Derbyshire, who will forward, free of charge, full particulars (with Testimonials) of the most successful remedy ever discovered for this distressing malady. ben to all parts , oft World.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
I) .1001-ili A. 1, L'S PATBNIt SEA LF-1-; _I SIN FLOU 2.7gI;MAD ILLUSTRATED FASIII0i;:.-•

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. -- A Grim always thinks a man's heart is in the right place when she possesses it. WriEN a man becomes great, his friends re- member many things about him that never hap- pened. Lulu?. SISTER: "What's the diff'rence 'tween 'lectricity and lightnin' ?" Little Brother "You don't have to pay nuthin' fur lightnin'." HARRY—" Has Mabel's engagement been an- nounced yet?" Ethel—" No, but she blushes furiously every time is name his mentioned and says she just hates him." APLUESERTY—" Oi'd bike to take a trip around the wurruld," Mrs. M'Lubberty—" Sure, thot wud be foine 1" M'Lubherty—" Yis ; but t'nk av the cost av gittin' home ag'in !" "Tuts bread of yours, my dear, is a contradic- tion of the law f gravity." "Indeed?" Yes, it's as heavy as lead, but won't go down." "I HAVE frequently bought handsome pipes for my friends in my travels, but they never got them." "Go astray in shipping ? " "No; I keep them myself." SHAKING IT OFF.—Hoax: "What's the matter with that man? St. Vitus's dance?" Joax : " No ; he has the ague, and he's trying to shake it off."

NELL : "Wasn't it freakish of her to go rid- ing her wheel in evening dress?" Belle :"0 ! I don't know. I've heard of bare-back riders

before."

LEW : "Does Roguey know the police are on his track ?" Abe: "I helieve not. "The papers all say everything is being conducted with the utmost secrecy." CLARA : "I see Cynthi has decorated her room with guns, pistols, swords, and the like." Cora: " Yes • she always has been a great girl for having arms about her." ONE-HALF the people in this world are always trying to get the work to do that the other half is trying to get out of doing, and both are discon- tented because they can't succeed. INDISPENSAELE.—Pip : "Riches abused are a curse." Quip : "Yes ; but to see the true beauty of the proposition it is necessary to be one of the poor." .

THE SILVER LlNlNG.—Manager (angrily): "What do you mean by smiling in that death scene?" Actor: "With the salary you pay death seemed such a pleasant relief." MRS. Horziks: "You ought to be ashamed of yourself. We are all sent into the world for some useful purpose." The Tramp (humbly): " Yes'm. I think I must have been intended to ute up cold victuals."

MRS. Timmis—"l hear your cook has left you. What was the trouble?" Mrs. Rockwell—" Our kitchen is so small that she had to put her bicycle in the cellar, and she thought the dampness wasn't good for it." WHEN a married woman goes away on a visit, and comes home earlier than she intended, it is usually a sign that she loves her husband, though sometimes she comes back to see if she can catch him at anything. " OuR rew neighbours are very polite," said Mrs. Perkasie to her hnsband when he came home at night. "Are they ?" " Yes. I sent to bor- row their step-ladder, and they said they hadn't one, but if I'd wait a while they'd send and buy one." EFFECTIvE.—" I want to tell you one thing that your medicine did," said the caller. "One bottle of it restored my son to a very fine position that he had lost." "How was that?" asked the patient medicine proprietor. "He gave ih to the man who had taken his place." CHEAP AT THE PRICE.—" It was a brave and manly act, young man," said the millionaire, with deep feeling. "At the risk of your own life you rushed into the burning building and saved my only daughter from a horrible fate. How can I ever repay such heroism?" "Oh, I don't know," replied the brave rescuer. "Da you think a couple of dollars would be too much ?" Poor PASTURAGE.—" Just thirty-three years ago today," said the old soldier, "my head was grazed by a bullet." "There isn't much grazing there now, is there, grandpa?" was the comment of the youngest grandchild; and as the old gentleman rubbed his bare poll he had to admit the correct- ness of the assertion. A YOUTHFUL CENIC. Master Thomas: "I don't think much of babies, Miss Saiithers. Our baby is a girl." Miss Smithers "Would you have liked her bettei if she had been of the eon. trary sex?" Master Thomas: "But she is, Miss Smithers." HOST (who has a taste for curious wines, but is very careful of them) : "Now, my dear sir, I want you to tell me what you think of that wise; it is at least twenty years old." Guest (helping himself to the last half-glass, and looking at the small bottle) : "I think—er—it is excellent; but rather small—er—for its age, isn't it?" NOT TO BE DONE.—A farmer was hiring reapers, but refused one poor man, who said: "Master, won't you hire me?" "No," said the farmer. " Why not?" Because you are too little." "Too little !" exclaimed Bam, " Does your honour reap the corn at the top ?" What could the Farmer do but laugh and send the little man to join his comrades in the field? "Bony Two or THEM."—The elder Dumas had had his times of struggle and knew what it was to be pressed for cash. In the days of his prosperity someone came to him and begged a loan of twenty- five francs. "It is to bury a friend," he ex- plained. "A friend?" said Dumas' "and what was he?" "He was a bailiff." The novelist went to his desk and took out a bill for fifty francs. "There," he said, placing this in the hands of the borrower. "here are fifty francs—bury two of them."

_ LOGICAL—The mention of whiskey and stoat recalls the amusing story once told by Father Mathew, the famous temperance advocate, of the inutility of using inconclusive arguments. He told some Dublin car drivers they might learn a lesson in temperance from the brute creation. "If," said he, "I were to set before one of your horses a bucket of water and a bucket of whiskey, you know which the wise beast would take." Whereupon one of the quick-witted carmen replied, "Well, Father, if I wor to place before me horse a truss of hay and, a beef steak, you know which the wise beast would chow. But does it follow that the hay is the best for me ?" RABBIT-PIE.—A gentleman, relating the inci- dents of his travels while in Paris, says :—I entered a restaurant and ordered a rabbit. I was green— verdant as the first cucumber—or I should not have done this. The rabbit came, and I offered a share to an old Frenchman opposite, whose eyes were fixed upon my plate; but he bowed a negative. "Monsieur has not been long in Paris?" he said. "No. I have just arrived," I answered. " Mon- sieur is going to eat that?" "Yes. May I offer you a slice?" "Monsieur will allow me to make a small observation?" inquired the Frenchman, with a grimace. "Certainly," I replied, becoming alarmed. "Monsieur, that rabbit once 'mewed,'' he replied. A COMMERCIAL traveller entered the hall of a hotel, and, picking up a pen, proceeded to make several perpendicular lines upon the register. When he had made half a dozen, more or less, he threw down the pen, with some exclamation about it being unfit to write with. Then he took up another and began making more straight marks, like capiial is with the shoulders cut off. By this time tile clerk was angry, and informed the stranger that the register was intended for signa- tures and must not be defaced in that manner. "Oh, don't get angry about it," said the man with the pen. He made a few horizontal dashes, and giving the register a twirl, showed the angry clerk that he had ody been writing his name, which was H. H. HILL. GOOD ADVICE.—A coloured man named Jim Webster was brought up before an American justice of the peace, and pleaded guilty after the evidence had been given. The judge, with a per. plexed look, said, "But I do not comprehend, Webster, how it was possible for you to steal those chickens when they were roosting right under the owner's window, and there were two vicious dogs in the yard." "Hit wouldn't do yer a bit of good, jedge, for me to splain how I cotched dem chickens, fer yer couldn't do it yerself if ye tried it forty times, and ye might get yer hide full of buckshot de berry. fast time yer put yer leg ober de fence. De bes' way fer yer ter do, jedge, is far yer ter bur ver chickens in de market."

The Most

'utritious.

Autumn fashions are in no hurry to makt, their appearance this season. This may arise from the fact that we have had an exceedingly bad summer for frills and furbelows, and have clung to the faint hope that sooner or later the time would surely come when we might don the dainty muslin and lace gowns bought earlier. Alas, by now we have resigned ourselves to the inevitable with as good a grace as possible and turn our attention to cloth and furs with the desire to find satisfaction in the evolution of smart toilettes. Modes are, however, as I said, not very, decided, for until October is well on its way nothing becomes definite- in the sartorial world. Still it is not difficult to define the ten- clency of things, and one of the most pronounced is that for out of door wear skirts will be of a more reasonable length, the long trailing and undoubtedly graceful dresses being kept for the house. This is certainly a step in the right direction, for it does seem the only sensible thing to have the skirt for street wear of a comfortable walking length, as Englishwomen are slow to acquire the trick of lifting their skirts gracefully. Indeed, as I recently saw it put, they clutch their dresses with both hands like professional weight lifters. There is a knack which our French sisters have eminently attained to of lifting their skirts in a neat and graceful manner so as to allow a little (but only just a little) of the dainty underskirt and neat ankle to be visible. The smart toilette sketched is of royal blue cloth made very simply with an

!., .•,..., -- -;.)1, • lii .[ . :.,:i7K„ „y. ? . ,''. _f ' ;.5....".. i „.1....„ ~ ,‘• • ~ -,, v,:::1;•.i " z....., 4 . illji"t kii,,, --9./„.„; 191) #4, _4 • ..;41.11,1 111 I 6 l „, 1•I '...;if ) ..41,,i .C,'.'i i.;,. ifoni; .. , , ~ „..... _ . , 1 , _..,..___ :-- i

===== 0002601_19021003_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

Grateful—Comforting.

COC•A

Breakfast—Supper.

AN AUTUMN TOILETTN.

embroidered collar and waistband. The skirt is 3nt in one of the most fashionable styles for autumn which, although not exactly novel, is very popular and well suited to a walking .kirt. The skirt is arranged with a box-pleat introduced at the seams and widening out into greater fulness below the knees without being cumbersome. The coat is of the Russian blouse shape, a style very easy to turn out at home, as the back is devoid of any seam at all, and allowed to pouch over the band slightly. Of course, on a stout figure it is best to avoid all pouching and keep the back as flat as possible. The coat is fitted to the figure at the aide seam: and is completed by a basque. This is quite one 3f the features of autumn coats and is to bE seen in one or two styles. There is the basque which is cut away in front like a man's morning coat, and the pleated or godet basque which comes almost to the knees and gives something the effect of a double skirt. It requires, how- ever, a tall slight figure to carry off this style successfully when expressed in heavy materials. One smart basqued coat I saw recently had the basqe seams at the sides left open and laced half way down with silk cord, the cord being finished at both ends with tassels, for cordinga and tassels are very much worn. The smart hat illustrated is of ivory beaver trimmed with green wings and some black velvet ribbon, which is tied round the crown and finish in a bow at the back. The newest hats at present are of soft silky beaver in light pastel shades, and the combination of white or ivory and green is much in evidence. Some- times the stiff wings are replaced by sweeping Paradise plumes, but, of course, these are more expensive than the former, and cannot stand

the same amount of hard wear and exposure ta all sorts of weather. The small pork-pie hat with its stiff up-turned brim is also making a bid for favour, and is worn tipped forward over the nose, but it cannot be called generally becoming and seems to demand the presence of the immense chignon with which it was associated rather more than a quarter of a century ago. Bird's wings and plumage are very much used as a trimming, and it must be a comfort to anyone with sensitive feelings to know that they are for the most part manu- factured and made up from the feathers of the inmates of the barnyard, although, of course, in some few instances, the real wild bird is to be seen. Quills are as fashionable as ever, but are laid rather more flatly on the hat than before. The illustration given shows the latest fashion for arranging the veil, and the sketch was made from one of the best dressed woman of to-day. The hat itself is of silky brown beaver with a brown velvet crown, and the edge of the brim bound with the same velvet. There was, no other trimming save the white tulle veil which came quite over the face and was crosses]

VEIL ARRANGEMENT. at the back of the hat, the ends being brought round either side and tied in a bow a little to one side of the chin. The hair was dressed low, and the whole toilette, which was of em- broidered tuesore silk, was completed by this manner of adjusting the veil. The effect was very distinguished. Large picture hats are likely to be worn throughout all the winter, and are mostly of the Gainsborough style, in loiroir satin or drawn silk in either black or delicate shades, such as pearl grey or biscuit. They are in all cases trimmed with large ostrich plumes of the same colour as the hat itself, with sometimes the addition of some fine lace as a eapaie-prigße behind. There are also some very pretty toques composed of autumn foliage iii sevet atratiged in some instances as a foundation of coeam cloth. Lace and guipure awe intermingled with sable tails and late flowers, such as chrysanthe- mums and pompom dahlias, which in all their rich yet delicate (*lours harmonize with any sort of hat and gown. COQUETTE.

Messrs John Noble,Ltd.,have just issued their autumn catalogue. The new costume models for autumn and winter wear will be found to combine cheapness and elegance in a most striking manner, whilst tho dura- bility of the materials employed, and the excellence of make and finish are quite up to the high standard for which the John Noble manufactures arose justly famous A new department for the sale of boots and shoes has ' recently been opened ; ladies will find it a simple cad pleasing task to make seleotion from the various charm - Mg styles in foot wear portrayed on the photo bookie t dealing with this department,

, " , 42c a 7 aZ:Ze. 7fr /1"1/ \ • A SMART RAT.

, /' ..:-•<. -=',........,e, ',----i, - ,:.:2, .2,. - , _ ...-.-- _ - t. e --,--41. J ‘--- ~...-, , h , , • , 1 k„ z.-- - .w.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRI 1) A Y OCTOBER. 3 1902

WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King will entertain the German Emperor, and the Xing of Portugal, this autumn, but the visits of these two Sovereigns will be strictly private, and will be sub- sequent to the royal progress through London on October 25th. On that occasion, the King and Queen will break the journey between North and South London at the Guildha 11, where their Majesties will take lunch. Successive Sovereigns have been entertained at the Guildhall from the time when Henry V and Queen Katherine dined there on their return from France,when the host of their Majesties was the famous Sir Richard Whittington, and we may be sure that the entertain- ment provided by the city Corporation will be worthy of the forthcoming royal visit. On the following day. Sunday, there will be the great thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cat hedral, so tbat Londoners will have no reason to complain of any lack of pomp and pageantry this year. Gordon Castle, where the Duke of Richmond has been entertaining the Prince of Wales, is one of the finest mansions in the North of Scotland. It was a daughter of the famous Duchess who is reported to have kissed the Gordon Highlanders into the King's service, who married a Duke of Richmond, and gave the ball which history records as having taken place on the eve of Waterloo. The estates thus passed to the Duke of Rich- mond, and the Dukedom of Gordon became extinct. Twenty-five years ago Lord Reacessfield was induced to revive it. in the Duke's favour, though the Marquis of fluntly also claimed the Gordon title, The present Duke of Richmond, who is in his eighty-fifth year, and served as aide-de-camp to the great Duke of Wellington, is thus the only subject of the King who is four times a Duke, his grace possessing the , strawberry leaves of Richmond in Englann, Lennox in Scotland, Gordon in the lJnited Kingdom, and d'Aubigny in France. The appearance and disappearance of a latter-day Messiah, has recently attracted a good deal more inter- est in London than the first air-ship flight across the Metropolis. There have been, at different times, scores and hundreds of self-proclaimed Messiahs and there are always many people ready to believe in such imposters. but it is steepes that so little interest should have been taken in the serial journey across London. It was very different when Lunardi made his first balloon ascent in London in 1784. Such was the excitement, that George 111 adjourned a Cabinet Council, and the people closed their shops in order to rush out and see the monstrous apparition in tbe sir. Lunardi became the popular hero of the day,and many articles were named after him by tradespeeple anxious to attract popular notice. Lady Arabella Romilly, wbo has been writing on the subject in a weekly journal, believes that a woman can find no happier time than when playing with her chil- dren in the nursery. She may shine, and dazzle in Society, she may attain a world-wide reputation as an adthoress, or on the stage, or in the concert room, but none of these ambitions, or their fullest realisations, says Lady Romilly, will give her the same peace and pleesere as she should find in her own children. Nor do they, but very of ten the fashionable woman ignores this old and simple tench, and regards children as vexatious hindrances to her own pleasures and conquests. As a rule there is much more affection and devotion between parent and child amongst the middle and working classes, than is the case in fashionable society. With those in the former condition the child is under the constant care of its parents, whilst among the "upper ten thousand " the upbringing of the child is largely entrusted to hirelings. The dressmakers of Paris, New York, Vienna, and London, each claim to be the rulers in the art of dress, and that they dominate the world of fashion. The fact is that the four capitals share this claim between them. There are, in London, firms established in Paris, and Parisian firms established in London, so that the fashionable woman gains nothing by going to Paris, to buy her gowns. She cannot do nearly so well for her- self as can the buyer of the large London establiehmen who knows her business and could offer her precisely Us same selection of toilettes in London at a much lowe tgure than she would herself pay in Paris. It is prob ably true that Paris and Vienna are pre-eminent in originating distinctive fashion, but Continental styles are often suitable to the Continent only, and both in this country, and in America, fashionable women have long ceased to he governed entirely by them. Blade toilettes showing touches of emerald green are being much worn. Care, however, should be exercised by those following this mode, as not every complexion can stand the proximity of such a 'bade. Black pro- mises to be almost a livery this coming winter, an excel- lent move on the part of Dame Fashion for women who , have comparatively little to spend upon dress. A trans- parent,cr semi-transparent black gowa worn over white or very pale shades, the trimmings in all cases matching the slips—has an entirely new effect on each occasion, and in this way, numerous ehanges can be*rung,at really little expense.ln these days of excellent patternsot is an easy matter to run up one's own slips, and from this stage the timid worker is usually soon brave enough to advance, and take her gowns in band. . . . .

The cache-peign, on many of the latest bats, almost 1 borders on the ludicrous, reaching as it does, well below the waist.. This is usually of black Chantilly lace, a fall of the same well covering the brim all round. The mode is being taken up with much fervour by women of the working classes, and is therefore not likely to be long considered by smart milliners. A novelty in hat pica is the fruit variety. A tiny pear, with one or two leaver a grape, an orange, and various other fruits in enamel, are taking the place of the jewel, either real or imitation, which for some time past has Leen the favourite form of finishing cif the necessary pin. The jewellers have not yet succeeded in starting any particularly new, and distinctive craze, such as the lor g chain dangling with charms, now of departed memory, but, there is a revival of the- heavy bracelet set with jewels or miniatures. It is also worn with filagree balls attached with chains' the balls being receptacles for the I favourite perfume of the wearer. Scent charms are also I made in the form of gold and enamel flowers, and another revival is the velvet bracelet clasped with jewels, and also the velvet throat band sparkling with gems. Little has been heard of ping-pong during what was meant to be the summer, but any hope that the winrer wculd find it dead and gone, does not seem likely to be realised. If one may judge by the many applications that are being made for permission to play ping-pong on licensed premises, it will be as popular as ever, when the dark days are upon us, and it has not only invaded restaurantP and coffee rooms, but even Atlantic liners I now have their ping-pong tables. It has also quite I eliminated the name of attic or morning room in house ' advertisements, since these announcements now usually refer to "two three, or four (es the ease may be) re- ception rooms," and a" ping-pong room." MADGE.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS REST:AVID.]

THE HOUSE ON BE HTLLI

BY G. B. BURGIN, (Author of "A Quaker Girl," &c.)

PART in

Isabel flew up to her sepulchral apartment, and almost danced into her riding habit. "Decidedly,' she thought, "I am increasing my knowledge oi life to a marvellous extent. People don't go riding about in Mayfair with handsome young men with- out a chaperon. Handsome young men don't save people's lives in that unceremonious way every day. And over all there hangs a shadow and a fear, &c. I don't know what the mystery is—it may not amount to much; but there decidedly is something. I seem to have lived years since yesterday. And everything is happening in a matter-of-fact sort of way which sets all my ideas of probabilities at defiance. It is only probabilities which are improbable. Is that a paradox? I don't know."

Suddenly a shadow swept over her features. She raised her arm, whip in hand. "I wonder," she said to the glass, "what would happen if a woman horsewhipped a man. People would say it was unfeminine. And yet I think I should like to horsewhip that recreant lover of mine—the man who made love to me because he thought I had money, and then quarrelled with me when he found I was penniless. It wouldn't have any effect on him. He would take it calmly, as a kind of return which he had deserved for his conduct. It isn't his desertion which stings me. It is that I should have loved—loved—actually loved a wretch like that! What must men think of women when we stoop to them in such a way? Really, it seems to me that when a girl meets a man with the exterior of an Apollo she doesn't even trouble to look inside to see if he is anything but a magnificent animal. When I think that I actually allowed that man to kiss me I could whip myself!" She drew on her gloves, and turned to leave the room. "Perhaps a struggle with the chestnut will restore my self-respeet. I don't, however, antici- pate any trouble. If a man can't ride her, it is probably because he hasn't light hands. I suppose we shall have a groom. We should hardly ride without a groom—even in Derbyshire." When she came down she found Geoffrey Hearne waiting to put her on the chestnut. That forward and fiery animal was dancing round and doing her best to knock the groom's hat off with her fore feet. The appearance of a habit acted like magic on her impetuous nerves. She came down on the path and pawed impatiently at the gravel. A touch, a swing to the saddle, and Isabel was mounted, the beautiful chestnut forgetting all pranks in her delight at the light, firm hand which held her. Then they reached the lodge-gate, turned to the left over the barren moor, and met the rush of the exultant breeze with that keen expectant shiver of delight which never fails a good horse and horse- woman, who feel that they will soon be on satis- factory terms with one another. Geoffrey Hearne came pounding stolidly along on his useful cob. Isabel had forgotten his existence. When she pulled in the chestnut—her cheeks flushed, eyes glowing, a wandering love-lock kissing her pretty neck—he was a hundred yards distant. Isabel sat there patiently awaiting his arrival, and patting the chestnut. " Ah," she said, presently, with a long drawn breath of delight, "my beauty, my beauty, you have taken the sting and the pain out of my heart! Henceforth I will live—live—live."

" If you do that again," said Geoffrey Hearne, who had caught the last word, "there is every probability you will break your neck ; " but he smiled admiringly as he said it. A beautiful woman on a beautiful mare! A long stretch of moorland, intersected by broad avenues of turf. A blue sky, in whicfi the little, floating foam.flecked.cloudlets followed and fastened on to one another. All doubtless very prosaic and commonplace. A man, coming in the opposite direction did not appear to think so. "How well that girl sits her horse," he said, wonderingly. "No sack of potatoes business about that. I seem to know her, too. Wonder who she is? I think I'd rather like to be that other fellow. They are coming this way." He lit a cigarette, and awaited their arrival. Suddenly, it fell from his lips. "By all that's improbable 1" he gasped; "Isabel Archer i" and, putting spurs to his horse, he galloped off in the opposite direction. Isabel put her hand to her head as if she had been shot. Then she rode on, strangely silent and reserved.

"What was it?" asked Geoffrey, noticing her silence. "Any one you know?" "A ghost from the outer world," she answered. "Let us ride on."

But the charm had vanished for the day. Even the chestnut's springy motion could not restore it. "I wonder if he feared me," thought Isabel, as they turned homewards. "I never thought him a coward before. Exit, Cohn Deep, once and for all." In the course of a few days Ishbel Archer ceased to feel anything embarrassing in her position. Geoffrey Hearne was the most masculine tame cat she had ever seen about a house. His duties appeared to be almost nominal. They consisted of daily rides and brief interviews with tenants, who began by petitioning for the erection of a new barn, and ended in great content with a gate or a pig- sty. At first they would insist on having the barn, but Geoffrey Hearne's firmness ultimately pre. willed. To use the words of a well•known Trans. atlantic poet :

===== 0002601_19021003_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
"Tie 's-as a toast detPrmined This quiet Mr. Brown."

Isabel found herself regarding Geoffrey Hearne with increased respect as time flowed on. Her own duties were very few. She arranged the flowers every day, transmitted Miss Summerby's orders to the servants, and took charge of the tea-urn. She was even becoming accustomed to her own room. Its darkness harmonised with her somewhat gloomy feelings. When she sat there in the even- ing, trying to discover what the Fates had in store for her, the darkness of her surroundings made an appropriate background. She told herself that it was absurd to imagine life could have nothing further for her because of one person's defection. Should it ever be in her power she would punish this false lover, not to avenge her own wrong, but for his crime against true love. The man had singled her out as the object of his attentions— followed her about for the whole season—made love to her in a thousand insidious ways—filled her whole life. For what? Only to leave it. And then, the paltriness of his motive. He found she had no money, and so abruptly forsook her. Angels might probably forgive so base an offence. It was rather too much to expect a mere human being to do so. No punishment could be too great for such vile treachery. She was alone one afternoon, about a month after her arrival at the House on the Hill. Geoffrey Hearne had driven oft with Miss Summerby to interview a refractory tenant. Geoffrey Hearne did not want Miss Summerby to go. The excite- ment of stimulating', the recalcitrant tenant's memory would give her a headache. But no; Miss Summerby protested that she didn't mind a head- ache, and so they had departed, the amorous Kinipple gazing mournfully at Mrs. Pilbeam as she helped her mistress into the landau. "It's no use to make one's self too cheap to-impudent creatures like men," Mrs Pilbeam had confidentially declared to Isabel as she turned-to the hall door. "If you do, it's a failure; they tramples on you—specially a man like Kinipple, wlio's got to be kept under; not but what he's a taking way with him When he likes. Let him die 16r me a little longer' and, perhaps, I may listen to him. You take my advice, Miss. Men are very well before marriage, but unless you drive 'em with a tight rein they are not nearly so meek afterwards." - -

Isabel sat down in a cosy corner of the terrace beneath the spreading shade of a fziendly acacia. She had a writing-case on her knee, and was think- ing over a letter to Mrs. Archer. At the end of the long gravel walk the neighbouring wood was gay with fox-gloves wildly dancing in the breeze. An occasional rabbit perkily scuttled across the path into the undergrowth beyond, or sat up mid-way and peered round in timid bewilderment. A portly thrush tugged at a reluctant worm, and dragged it forth to the light of day with a business-like air of a city man swallowing an oyster. There was a dreary quietude about the place. No human voice broke the stillness. Stay I Wasn't that the sound of horse's hoofs in the distance? Who could it be? Miss Summerby never saw anyone. No one would surely remember Isabel's existence, and come all the way from London to enquire how she was get- ting on in her new abode. She shut up her writing. case, and rose expectantly. "A, geatleman to see you, Miss," said one of the

housemaids, coming round the corner, and handing Isabel a card on a silver salver. Isabel took the card with feminine curiosity. "Captain Colin Deep," she said. "Did he ask for me?"

"Yes, Miss," said the girl. "First he asked for Miss Summerby, and I said she was out. Then he asked for you, and I said you were in. He's in the big drawing-room. Will you see him Miss?" "Yes," said Isabel, methodically gathering her belongings together; "I will see him."

She stood still for a moment in order to collect her thoughts. This accounted for the hurried dis- appearance of the mysterious horseman on the day of her first ride with Geoffrey Hearne. There had been many rides since then. She wondered if they were the cause of Captain Deep's presence at the House on the Hill that particular after- noon. _ . _

Captain Deep, a tall, fair man, with singularly handsome blue eyes, rose to meet her as she entered the room. There were distinct traces of crows' feet at the corners of his almost feminine optics. He did not appear to be more than thirty, and was exceedingly neat and well groomed. A long, flowing, fair moustache hid his mouth. For once in hi s life he seemed ill at ease. His manner had none of the characteristic sang froid of military men. He simply looked rather foolish, and very much ashamed.

Isabel coldly returned the bow. "Captain Deep,- I think?" she said, affecting to study the card in her hand. "I am afraid Miss Surnmerby is out. The maid said that you had asked for me." _

This was what is vulgarly known as a " facer " for the gallant Captain. There was a reason only known to himself and one other for his presence there to-day. He counted upon a scene— reproaches, tears, forgiveness, a blotting out of the past. Bygones had indeed been blotted out with a vengeance when this tall young woman, whose beautiful eyes had once looked into his with shy delight, could calmly consult the pasteboard in her hand as if doubtful of his identity. He began to doubt it himself. After the way, he had behaved, perhaps she was fearful of surrendering too readily. He knew that she had once loved him. She was not the first woman who had done so; his "fatal gift of beauty," as ,Toole says, had wrought much havoc in many feminine hearts. Still, he would be magnanimoqs, and heal the wound he had inflicted. He could afford to marry now, without relinquishing any of his own selfish pleasures. He stood hesitating for a moment, and then resumed his chair. What a lovely girl she was! Those dark shadows under the eyes were doubtless his work! They must be painted out. "Yes," he said, momentarily accepting the situa- tion, "lam a new neighbour of Miss Summerby's —have just come into some property about here— and reversed the usual order of things by calling on her first. She couldn't very well call on a bachelor."

"It was very good of you," said Isabel's cold clear tones, with just the faintest inflection of sarcasm in them; "but I am afraid Miss Sum- merby would scarcely appreciate such a departure from the conventionalties. She goes nowhere." "Indeed," said Captain Deep. I 4,lnderstood Miss Summerby was a comparatively New-comer. Hence my—my concession to sentiment. I am sorry to have missed her ; " but he did not go. To Isabers great annoyance the maid appeared with afternoon tea. She could not avoid asking Captain Deep to have some. He evidently did not intend to go without an explanation. She did not want an explanation; the man was hateful to her —she only wished to punish him. Possibly, Miss Summerby and Geoffrey Hearne would soon return, and wonder at his presence there. "Will you have some tea?" said Isabel, coldly. The maid handed it to him, and retired. Isabel drank hers with ladylike enjoyment..

What farces our -lives sometimes are—or trap- dies 1 Here were two people whosfew months ago were on the mostintimate terms now affecting to meet as strangers. One had behaved badly to the other. He was conscious of an avenging Nemesis, but did not know what shape his punishment would take. Somehow, he had realised that he was not going to escape scot-free. And the other? Oh, there was nothing about the other to call for comment. She was simply a very handsome girl, sitting backin a pretty lounge-chair, and drinking her tea with the air of one who was rather bored and too well-bred to let it appear. , Perhaps that was part of the punishment. After a few minutes, Captain Deep got up to depart. It was evident that he did not want to go. Isabel also rose. "May I hope to have the pleasure of seeing Miss Suinmerby on some other occasion ? " Captain Deep. Isabel's eyelids were slightly raised. "Surely, Captain Deep, it is usual to await a return visit, even in the country ?" "Oh, this will not count," said the Captain fatuously. " This was to you." " Indeed 1 You do me too much honour." "Yes, to you," said the Captain, eagerly. "Isabel, if you could only know how bitterly [have regretted my folly I" Isabel again glanced at the card on the table, as if to assure herself that she was not mistaken. "Really, Captain Deep, I cannot imagine why you presume to address me in such a way." "it is presumption, of course. I knew you would think it was. I can't explain it very well."_ _

"There is not the slightest necessity for any explanation whatever. I once had the somewhat doubtful pleasure of knowing—or fancying that I knew—someone who bore your name. Then I ceased to know that particular individual. He disappeared. His friends said he must marry money; he was reported to have proposed to Miss Jute, of Blackburn; and there was an end of him."

" I beg your pardon," said the Captain. " Per- haps I can supplement the story a little." "I am afraid, Captain. Deep, that I am not sufficiently anxious to hear about a matter of so little moment."

"You have no right," said the Captain, "to be unjust—to condemn any one unheard. What I have done has been bad and base enough. Now I have suddenly come into money, I hasten to make you the only paltry reparation in my power. Will you be my wife?" Isabel heard him without a thrill of emotion. A few months ago her heart would have throbbed with a wild delight. Now it felt like stone within her. "It may seem to you that I have no extenuating circumstances to plead," said the Captain. "Well, perhaps I haven't, but what little there are, for heaven's sake hear them." She stood cold, calm, and proud, and motioned to him to speak. "My allowance was barely enough for me to live. My regimental expenses were heavy. Horses and debts were swamping me. I met you. Report had it that you were rich. I loved you for yourself."

She gave a gesture of incredulity. " Ah, yes, you may disbelieve me; but it is so. Then matters came to a crisis. On the very verge of proposing to you, I learned that you had noth- ing, although your mother had plenty of money. To have asked you to marry me would have been the grossest selfishness. The rope was already round my neck, Miss Jute was my one chance. But I couldn't go straight from you to Miss Jute. I went away without a word to you—l dared not see you. My creditors gave me two months more. I went away to stay with some people. Miss .Jute was in the same house. People told you that I was paying my addresses to her; it was not true. I never said a word to her which might nothave been shouted out from the house-tops. I was nerving myself to do it when the telegram came which set me free. Norton Lees is my own ; I have two thousand a year to keep it up with—two thousand absolutely. There is enough ready money to pay off my debts. In a word, I am free ! Free of everything except dishonour. That clings to me ; it is a gangrene which eats into my flesh. I saw you the other day and dared not face you; but I have had to 4:1.3 it."

He paused, breathless. If he thought his passionate speech had moved Isabel, he was mistaken. _ . .

" Ail-that you say only proves more convincingly than ever that you never truly loved inc. If you had loved me, you would have known that I would have followed you to the world's end. When a girt lovea—(she caught her breath for a moment aE if in pain)—when she loves she does not question the why or wherefore. She does not ask for money, position, servants, fine houses. Ah, no! It is sc very different. Poverty, hunger, misery—all arE as naught. Life is one glad sweet dream of delight, for all the world's thorns become roseleaves at hex touch. Her soul is satisfied with the sweetnesE and majesty and holiness of love. Gl,r watches over her; the wni ve r se is a garden ;i4. one littlE smile, or word, or touch of love her guerdon for all the heat and burden of the day. Ah, no! Suet' men as you 510 nokkn_ovr_the meaning of the word.

You derade it, rower it into the—dust, ma Ye a mock of it, cast it off, and then would fain whistle it back to your call as a plaything for your idle hours. Your shame is your punishment. Some day, perhaps, it may be your redemption. Go II never wish to touch your hand or hear your voice

again." " But— "

"Good-day !" She rang the bell. "Order Captain Deep's horse, Mary." And the Captain rode mutely away.

"I hear you have had a visitor," said Geoffrey Hearne, presently. "He hasn't taken his tea." "Perhaps it was too Litter," she sea , She raised the cup in her hand, as if to throw it into the fireplace, but he took it from her with almost boyish reverence. "Wormwood would be swett from your hands," he said, and drained it to the dregs.

_ After the cup episode, a new life began ' for Isabel. Her self-respect returned. Here was another-man who evidently admired her, although he did not say so. Still, he knew that she had no money, and the knowledge did not appear to affect him in any way. It was evident that he also had no money. But had not the other man made that a ground for his desertion? There was something about Geoffrey Hearne which showed that he was fully alive to, the value of money, but that he did not make it his god to the exclusion of everything else. He must be regardless of money, or he would never seriously contemplate bringing out emenda- tions of Shakespear&44 But the emendations of Shakespeare had lately been neglected. Geoffrey Hearne had come to the conclusion that there were too many emendations already. He had recently paid a visit to the London Institute atoFinsbury Circus. There he had discovered a huge edition of his favourite poet, each volume of which was about two feet high, and broad in proportion. On every page of this edition he 'found about six lines of text, and that the rest consisted of emendations and notes 1 It seemed to him rather hard on Shakespeare that the poor poet should be as full of alterations as a last year's bonnet made over, and so, somehow, the great work was pitched on one side with an irresolution altogether foreign to Geoffrey Hearne's customary tenacity of purpose: Isabel had altogether forgotten about the mystery which she imagined to be contained in the House on the Hill. It ceased to occupy her, until one night she was awakened by a ray of moonlight dancing through the blind. It fell full OA her face, and dazzled her. She could not sleep. Then a mouse began to gnaw at the wainscot. The stable clock struck three. Should she get up and pull down the slats of the venetian blind properly, so as to exclude the light, or should she endeavour to go to sleep again? For some time she could not decide; in fact, she was not wholly awake, but in that half-aompolent state which gradually resolves itself into slumber if nothing happens to still further rouse the dormant faculties. But as she lay there every little noise conspired to disturb .The boards seemed to creak. The funereal canopy overhead actually shook once or twice as if moved by invisible hands. Well known objects in the room assumed fantastic shapes, and Made mocking motions to her in the changing moon- light. Her cloak, thrown carelessly on a distant chair, seemed to have some one in it. It almost moved. At times, Isabel fancied that it sat up, aslif very much at:home there. She tried counting a hundred, but broke off at thirty-five, she was too wide awake. Suddenly, she bethought herself that in a moment of youthful torture she had been compelled to commit to memory some fifty lines of "The Excursion." If they did not send her to sleep nothing else would. She tried, but could only remember ten lines, and the effort of trying to recall the remainder prevented their having • soothing effect. (To be concluded.)

===== 0002601_19021003_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE YOU LIKE A STOPPED CLOCK?

A Stopped clock is "run down." Are you ? Summer's beat and close trying days, tell on the business man,and still more on the woman in the home. Loss of appetite, loss of energy, a feeling of constant tiredness, frequent headaches, and inability to go your old pace—these are the signs of being run down. The cure, if you wish to apply it without wasting time, and running up a heavy doctor's bill, is Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. This is no mere theory. Miss M C Porter, of Little Hale, (Lincs.), says, " I was quite run down, and became subject to frequent attacks of neuralgia. My nerves were shattered my strength had gone, indigestion bad crept on me and acute pain after even a light meal, and now and again a bad bilious bout made me quite • done up.' lltly doctor did his best, but somehow be could not get me well again. Then I took Bile Beans and to my delight they gradually restored me to perfect health." Any ' chemist will supply them at one and three half-pence or two and nine per box. Don't take any inbidltute.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CRICKLT AND BOWLING CLUB.

Annual Social.

The annual social in connectiou with this club was held on Saturday evening in the Arpley Cricket Pavilion. Prior to the social,tea was served, and eighty members sat down to a capital repast, the ladies connected with the tennis dub presiding and assisting at the tables. Mr J B Isaac had charge of the catering, and gave satisfaction. The after proceedings were presided over by Mr R II Silcock, and following a short speech, in which he congratulated the members on the season's work, a highly successful concert was held. Mr S Kenyon delivered following-original lines.

Again the summer days have passed away. Upon these fields we can no longer stay ; The game of Cricket now too soon is past, Why might it not a little longer last ? •

This year the Tennis has not been so Rap,

The gloomy weather oft preventing play; And now, 'lac, there is no need to tell,

„ The Bowlers bid their friendly games farewell. The spring and summer of this year have gone. In many ways a most eventful one ; We often looked for Peace before it same, . .

And thought the Boers alone for War to tilarae. When Peace was made we feared it might not be— lt came about h o unexpectedly. The leading Boers behaved at last so well. Content with us in friendly peace to dwell

The Coronation Princes came to see, But fate ordained it was not thou to be; The King, by illne,s sorely smitten down, Was quite unfitted to receive tne Crown.

There was an island springing in the Eea Where prople lived in eareless liberty. Where is that island ? Where are they to-day P

Volcanic thunders swept them all away.

The King was crowred, not as we planned and thought, Bur as the P 0591113 above ordained and wrought.

A great philos,Ther, with wondrous mind, His latest book has written for mankind.

Lcrd Salisbury has left his place of power ; Ho st,.rol us wisely throu.h the trying hour.

Balfour has breughi his Education And palms it off against the people's will.

These things have happened since in spring we met. Yet so marked we cannot soon forget. But Life is dear ;all hopes are not invala,

And we may meet in sunny fields again. Mr S Aukland was especially successful in a couple of concertina solos, and Mr R H Pearson in a violin solo Tarantella (Papini), played with great skill. The rendering of Petrie's difficult song "Out on the Deep" by Mr J W Bibby, earned for him a vociferous encore. Later in the even- ing Mr Bibby was again successful in his interpre- tation of " Freedom " (" Greek Slave.") A clever comical sketch by Mr E Hartley followed. Miss Wenhatn gave 0 dry those tear.," her mellow contralto voice being well suited for so pleasing a melody. In response to a vociferous encore she contributed a numorous item. Mr W H Pedmore has long had the reputation of being one of the most accomplished flautists, and his reputation was further enhanced on this occasion by a charming rendering of "Killarney." In the patriotic song "The Veterans • kStephen Adams) Mr P Bate sc3red a success, his powerful voice being heard to great advantage. In response to an encore he sang the " Village Blacksmith," whilst later in the evening a fine rendering of "The Bandolero " was applauded. Mr H Moseley's humorous song entitled " The Happy Laud" was well received. During the second part MissWenhera again won high encomiums and Messrs H Moseley, E Hartley, C Price,J F Jack- son (vocalists), It It Pearson and S Aukland (instru- mentalists) contributed to a highly successful programme. The accompaniments were ably supplied by the Misses Wenham and Silcock and Mr Payton, Mue. Bac.—During an interval the President pre- sented prizes to the successful competitors in the bowling and tennis (doubles) tournaments:—Tennis, , Miss Bessie Richardson, geld bangle ; Mr C Unsworth, gold breast pin; bowling, Mr F Howard, silver inkstand ; Mr J Stranee, silver inkstand ; Mr J Dunn, umbrella; Mr A Thompson,silver cigarette case. Several cougratalatory speeches were delivered.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO CURE RHEUMATISM. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a Specific.

Because rheumatism,the most common of all ailments, always comes baek sooner or later if they attempt to cure it by embrocations and oils, most of its victims regard it hopelessly as an unavoidable winter pain of all over forty. . . .

Beth this treatment and this belief are wrong. Rheu- matism is not confined to middle and old age ; nor can it be cured by rubbing or liniments. These give ease for a while. The disease is in the blood. Cold and damp bring it out ; but they are not the cause. The cause is an im- purity ef the blood. The disease can be cured, if the blood is properly enriched and purified. This is not theory. It is a fact. Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people cure Rheuma- tism more often than any other disease, ex- cept Ansemia. The effect is not for a little time only, like the effect of embrocation!. It is permanent ; for the pills drive the Rheumatic poison out of the system, not,how- ever, by purging, but by enriching the blood. The most terrible cases have been cured in this manner. A recent ex-

Wrong Way. ample is that of a former Royal Artilleryman, Mr Alfred Downing, now living at 30, Knowsley-road, Battersea, London, who with an excellent certificate of character, was invalided out of tho service as incapable of further work. An attack of Influenza brought on Rheumatic Fever—the moat deadly form of rheumatism, and be was an im- patient at the Westminster Hospital for no less than six months, after which he was for sixteen weeks at a con- valescent home at Folkestone. Clearly be had had the best medical treatment. Yet be way net well.

" I was suffering," he said, "from really chronic rheumatism right through my whole system, and the doctors did not seem to hold out much hope of my ever getting better. Altogether, I was laid up and unable to work for over two years, straight off the reel.' I had nasty Bilious Attacks as well as the Rheumatism, and violent biting pains seemed to shoot all over my body. A friend said Dr. Williams' pink pills had cured him when he suffered from Influenza and Bronchitis, and he believed they would relieve my Rheumatism. I sent for a box, and felt so much better after taking them that I got another box of the pills, which did me stilt further good. I have only had two boxes, but now I feel quite a different man to what I was. The pills seemed to Lave cleared my system entirely, and I eau safely say they are the finest medicine I have even taken, and I have had a good deal." As they can now be obtained at all chemists and wherever medicine is Dr Williar ' ills for for pale

people are w ithi- reach of who suite' from rheu. matiern kidney disease

( including

tnatisin

Erieht'i

diree-ase), consumption, &uremia, paralysis, sciatica, nervous breakdown, St Vitus' dance, and the diseaess that trouble ladies. Dr Williams' medicine company send them post free for 2s 9d, or six boxes for 13s 9d, from Holborn-viaduct, London. _

A IN folly to tali() purgative pills with the idea of curing either rheumatism or any other disease • Purga- tives only empty the bowel. Disease cannot be cured by :something that rushee straight out of the system. What we need is something that really builds up the strength.

SHOCIIING AFFAIR AT BROADTIRATIL—A married woman named LOlllsit Ironwood, 42, Brunswick- road, Broadhsatb, was admitted to the Altrincham Hospital on Wednesday, having attempted to commit suicide. It appPared that she went home on Tuesday night in a state of drunkenness, and her husband refused to admit her to his bedrcom. When he got up in the morning be found her in the children's room lying in a pool of blood with her throat cut. There was a razor by her side. She was attended at the hospital by Dr Luck- man, who found that the wind-pipe was severed, and that she had loft a quantity of blood. She lies in a critiaal coodition.

LORD FRANCIS Bore AND MISS MAT YOHE.—AmonZ the decrees Mei made absolute by Mr Justine Jeff in the Vacation Court, on Wednesday, was that in the case of Hope v Hope and Strosig. The petitioner was Lord Henry Francis Hope Pelham Clinton Hope, brother of the Duke of Newcastle, and the respondent was the well-known actress, Miss May Yale. The parties were married iu November, 1894, and travelled together for some time in America and elsewhere. Afterwards the respondent left her husband and joined the co-respond- ent, Colonel Strong, formerly of the New York Militia. Proceedings for divorce were commenced by Lord Francis Hope, and a decree nisi was pronounced by Sir Francis Jenne on March 21st this year.

TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable fo tropical climates; it is light, clean, cool. comfortable. and durable; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITH WHIGHT Surgical Instrument Makers. 93. Renshaw-street, opposite op of Bold-street Liverpool.—Advt.

11AL.. L t --L A 1 1I " "11l Irp<o. 1\ 7._....al "How to Cure Rheumat ' the

sold, or .s' pink pl. , #1 D.6_I4q,LLIAMS,'I I ' 1)'"1-1C' 1,1,1 i . - jilS a 4 a 1 - VI; -r- 7 . 14i, ti 1. ,t, , 0, Y 12;\ „ ' EDP S, .'„ ~ Right Way to Cure Rheum %

===== 0002601_19021003_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MARVELLOUS TALKING MACIIINES.

FOR MAKING lIIINCE MEAT, PLUM PUDDINGS, CAKES, ETO.

READY FOR USE. NOT TOUCHED BY HAND, (No Fruit—only the Seeds—Removed).

One pound stoned le E qua I to a pound and a half Stoned by rand. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND STORES. Wholesale only by: IITM. BROWN AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. IMPORTANT.—See that every package bears the wimp GIBSON'S."

===== 0002601_19021003_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WE WILL BE

GLAD TO SHOW

TEEM TO

===== 0002601_19021003_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERYBODY

PLEASE CALL.

5, ST. GEORGE'S A,13 81., LIVERPO9L,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MILLIONS

OF WOMEN

_ ...,. .4%,r,.. 40-‘,,,-,-\--.7,...1. v,,,,,,A. ..,,, -- , ~-, ''''q:\ Vh ' .',.€.,.,:. , . r ..„ ' 1 IktEormat 1, ... ~,,. i,,, \ .101 ter,, 4 ...1.: ''',o\, ~ • \'' .--- , . l ( ihisk _.,.....„., ~- - •-•.-.-1::: ' \.. %:: , ...Pit ks-'-• • , '-‘,. itt,,,4, o,_, ~. .. &..... , ~ , • A • N•z,• ' —• k 1 . \ . • .. [1,;:',!...,i .•1„..-. -...4 ,-4.•--ik'''' I-1A,,,, •''zsA*.:-.7f''' • lriti '''''.",'" • ..., kN,,, ~:',.<C,40.2) z•. . ~..... .. .......

Preserve, Purify, aiid Beaui the Skin Scalp, Hair, and Has with

===== 0002601_19021003_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
utitur4 'SOAP,

MILLIONS OE WOMEN use Cuncußs. SOAP assisted by CIITICIIRA OINTMENT, for beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and irritations, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of women use CIITICURA SOAP in baths for annoying irritations, inflamma- tions, and ulcerations, and for many sana- tive, antiseptic purposes, which readily suggest themselves to women.

Complete Treatment for Humours, Consisting of CUTICURA SOAP (18.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales; CUTICCRA OINTMENT (28. ed.), to instantly allay itching, inflammation and irritation and soothe and heal; and CUTICURA. RESOLVENT PILLS (18. 1%d.), to cool and cleanse the blood. A single set is often sufficient to cure. Cirrierras RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate Coated) area new, tasteless,od ourless,economical substitute for the celebrated liquid CUTICURA. RESOLVENT, as well as for all other blood puri- fiers and humour cures. 00 doses, 18.156 d. Sold throughout the world. The BIT, 44. 9d.. postpaid,. of F. NEWBERY & Sons, British Depot, 27-28, Charter- house Sq.,,Lonnon. POTTEnDEIIO AND QUM. CORP.. Bole Prop.., Boston, U.S.A.

For ENFANTS. .i ENVALIDS, and V• `'';l',.-2,,::-: AGE,2O.

i;rLI'VZ

4

===== 0002601_19021003_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
.17, 7:)', 9 k.. 0.,i . ,1.,..4,., ~,,, , 1?),,7„.„,,..c:, . ,t , .1v....,:;_.,,,,1,, , ~,..„ .„.,,,,,......‘,N4), 24. , - -1,4 *4' '''4 7

DRIVING WITHOUT ON REINS AT WARRINGT.

A Carter Censured.

At an inquest held in the Coroner's Court,Warrineten, on Monday evening Mr Brighouse severely censured a carter in the employ of the Whitecrose Company, for not having reins attacked to a horse which be was driving. The inquiry was relative to the death of Richard Worrell, 74 years of age, a wire worker's labourer, employed by the Whitacre:se Company, Ltd., who was knocked down by a horse and furry on the 15th of August, in Milner-street. Margaret Wortall, daughter of the deceased, said that at half-past eight on the moraine, of the Friday in ques- tion, she heard that her father had been run over in Mileter-itreet. She went there and saw him removed to the Infirmary. He died there on September 26th. Ellap had visited him several times, but be had not referred to the accident. Her father was very deaf. Nurse Garnett stated that the deceased was admitted to the Infirmary at about nine o'clock on the Friday morning, suffering from a compound fracture of the left arm. Be died at eight o'clock on Friday, September 26th. John Blease, the driver of the tarry, said he was nro- I ceeding up Milner-street on the merning of August 15th. He was driving towards Froghall-lane with a horse and harry. A young man named John Stockton was walkieg lalongside the vehicle with his hand on the abaft. Wit- leess was in Milner-street, but had no reins to the horse. The works " buzzer" sounded, and the horse was frightened. It went forward and knocked the deceased down. Witness was sitting on the !wry and had gone about ten yards along the street. He was going from the galvanising shed to the stable. The Coroner: If you had no reins, you had nu control overithe horse. They talk of danger with meter cars and cyclists, but there is more danger with a horse and vehicle on the road without reins' What have you to say for riding without reins?

Witness : I am very sorry. The Coroner : I should think you were. The acci— dent would not have happened if you had had reins. It is perfectly ridiculous. You know this is as near man- slaughter as possible. Many a jury would send you for trial for manslaughter. You cannot go wandering about the highway with a horse and lurry without reins. It is monstrous. Witness !stated that when he was working with the horse and lurry about the works he did not use reins. If he went into the town with the horse he always used reins. The Coroner: But you were going along a street where the people have a right to pass. If you were only in the works you ought to have reins. Joan Stockton said he was leaving the works at 8.30, and the" buzzer" was making a noi<e. The horse and lurry were on the left hand side of the road, and the de- ceased was walking in the centre and was going in the same direction. The horse got frightened and it jumped up, and the shafts of the furry struck the deceased. He I was knocked down. and the wheels passed over his arms. Witness ran at the horse and shouted.

By the Coroner : The driver Blease was sitting on the shafts, and witness was walking along talking to him. The Coroner, addressing the jury, said the facts were not disputed. This man was driving along a street 1 where the public had a right to pass and repass. He I did not care whether it was one or five yards long. There the driver was, sitting on the shafts, and driving without reins. The law said that persons using the 1 highway should exercise every care. Tee law put an obligation upon the driver, otherwise something woe bound to happen. They must exercise sere with skill and judgment. If the man Blease had done so, then it was a pure accident ;if not, then he was negligent. If so, to what degree ? He did not say it was to such a degree as to warrant him being sent for trial, but if the jury thought he had been negligent and deserved cen- sure, then they must censure him. After consideration, the foreman said the jury thought the death was accidental, but that the driver should have been at his horse's head instead of sitting on the shafts' considering he had no reins to drive with. The Coroner, in censuring the driver,said he was sur- prised the firm was not'represented. The driver ought to have bad reins. The authorities were very particular about fining motor car drivers who could bring their Inanimate steeds to a scandstill almost itnmediately,and they were also very fond of fining cyclists who could also control their machines, but here was a case of a horse and lurry being driven in the public street without rains. He (the driver) had better tell his firm they must have reins to their horses or they would be getting into trouble. An old man had lost his life in this case and it was important that deaf people should be pro- tected as well as other people. The driver then left the box.

FOR THE CHILDR.EN.

00 0 0

Cad ry's Cocoa

The LANCET (August 9th, 1902) says:

" CAD.BURY's Cocoa undergoes no method oftreatment by which foreign substances are introduced."

A. • PARENTS when purchasing their Cocoa can prevent dis- appointment by making sure that the name "CADBURY" is on every Packet and Tin.

00 0 0

Cadbury's Cocoa Absolutely PURE, therefore BEST.

•+44l•••****************, i+44••4••••44+4••••4441, , 4446,4,0.4 a, .• •••••••*.***_....44 - 6 '6'" II 400 0.0 H :t 40.0 SA) ,n il p zil,_ 0.0 t 0 440 co, t 3 00 • II n *it 0 0 * Al two ~ .0 ' n i H 0 I#, . ' • t; • • • * • • • • • • • • . • • + • 2 • , • a • • • ...••••••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••••••••4 •• ••••••••••••••••••••••••

===== 0002601_19021003_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGAI E.

THE EVENING CONTINUATION SCHOOL.—This school re-opened for the winter session on Monday evening in the National School. A large number of pupils presented themselves for admission, over 40 being enrolled which is consilered very satisfactory for the first evening. An attractive list of subjects has been arranged, and it is hoped to add a sick nursing class. During the evening Ithe Vicar presented the bronz3 medal awarded to Miss Annie Mather, for her success in an essay competition promoted by the Canadian Government the subject being "Canada." The class is in charge of Mr and Mrs Blackwell, while for sir; subjects Mr H Woodier,. of Warrington. has been engaged. CYCLING CLUE.—LADIES' 1/AV.—Absut 40 members and lady Mends took part in the club's annual "ladies day" run on Saturday, this being the last official tun of the season. The day was everything that could be desired and the destination was Mr Wright's farm at High Legh. A 'bus was chartered to convey the ladies and those gentlemen who were unable to cycle,and High Legh was reached about four o'clock after s delightful drive. An excellent tea was served by Mrs Wright, after which a criaket match was played—ladies V. gentlemen. Dark- ness set in and the match was declared a draw. At 7 30 the return journey was commencetand after a splendid run via Appleton Thorn ,headquarters were reached about 15. Various songs were given by the members, and completed a very enjoyable outing.

Independent Order of Good Templars, The weekly session of the young Mission Juvenile Templars was held on Wednesday in the Ebenezer Mission room. Two new members were admitted Bro W Griffiths of the adult lodge rendered a cornet solo. Recitations were given by Sisters M Ellis and Littlewood. An address was delivered by Bro E Newman, D SJT (Earlostown.) The members of the adult lodge afterwards met in the same room, Bro Merlin, CT. The officers had their regalias in mourning in memory of the late Bra Sutherland. Four new members were initiated into the lodge. Bro C J Sheath, secretary, read letters from Bro Att wood, DSJT (Malta), and Br* W J Glover D CT B irmingbam),Bro Marsh (Malta),and Bro Newbury (Cape Colony). Bro Newman briefly addressed the lodge. The programme was "Humorous Night " d Bre Merlin and C J Sheath gave humorous readings. The lodge was closed in due form by Bro MerliD, C T.

1 King . . \ 2 League 'to 3/81 3 Centre Half 716 4 Klynker . 6/6 ./6 6 Shuteezi . 6/-

Any Color, lilt iv 4 1 = Padere; or Size. Flannelettel 213. 251. dos. ; Matting Cloth, 2/0, 30/- doz.; Untatrable. ^I. dozen.

Shiq Guards (A LI. 1.8411115 R) *Did, 1/8, ljth 2/8, 2/11.

• . 11l is White-1144, Ifin, 218. 3)13 per pair] NavY4/6.2i6, 4/0, OA per

THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

'liketreidlNW, . NR4704.0#7.4 I al% 4%,. .-....,........--.-...- KtataKW # I ONE G G Afp, •, S LORD ST Cr. FREE . ; ' . LivcßpooL

I

i)i,fir , CHEORn. Z....;* 'The Forward' 114, "The SCOT " 019, 0/8. 4..,..% CERomr. I Tint If arvel name .-r.-6,;._•• cves 10)% ' pattern brownsF ..,,,' .'lllll2, For OTHER PATTERNS Asp QUALITIES, SEE CATALOGUE._

===== 0002601_19021003_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
First Division.

WARRINGTON T. RUNCORN-A DRAW.

The keen rivalry between Warrington and Ruacorn drew a crowd of about 6.000 tis the Warrington enclosure on Satur- day. From the borne side Ir herwood was an absentee, his knee net being sound enough after the match the previous Saturday, while the suspended Bdmunds was replaced by Duckworth, Runcorn wore at f nil strength and brought a large followleg of spectators. The day was b.autifully fine, and the conditions generally favoured a fast game. &r B Ashton of Werneth was the referee, and the teams were as follaws

Warringtoa—Kaight, back ; Fish, Hockenhall, Dickenson, and Harris, three-quarter backs ; Duckworth and Burgess, half-backs : Roberts, Boardman, W Swift, F Swift, Taylor Edmondson, Morrison, and Forster, forwards. _

- _ Runcorn—Houghton, back; Flannagau, Wa-der, Butter- worth, and Jones, threequarter backs ; Richardson and Jolley, halfbacks ; Walker. Farmer, Lightfoot, Woods, Reece, Moulton, Higgins, and Williams, forwards. Runcorn lost the toss, and Farmer kicked if. Duckworth replyin g. was charged down, but Forster stepped in and pre- vented the Linnets from making any further headway. The resulting scrimmage sent the ball to Jolley, but the latter was too closely watched to get away. Some exciting forward rushes followed. Runcorn's fine punting kept Warrington on the defensive, Knight being rather unsteady during the first tea minutes. Burgess passed to Duckworth, and bet. Fish. but the latter, after a phicky attempt to get away, was floored by Butter- worth. This was really the first attempt at passing since the game began, but another immediately followed, and had not Butterworth intercepted a pass intended for Fish, the last named might have modes good attempt for the goal line. The next minute Warder received the ball,and getting splendidly through the opponents, he passed to Butterworth, and the latter bluffed the Warrington backs splendidly. He punted the ball, and followed up, Knight making hisl mark close to the line. Again the ball was worked to the opponents' end of the field, and Burgess get clearly away, but fell down just at the moment when a pass to Harris might have resulted in a score. A fine dribble by Burgess followed, whits!' Walker stopped by falling on the ball. The game, which had been very fast lup to now, slowed down considerably. For some time little lof interest occurred. Hockenhall at length got the ball, and 11 got through a host of opponents. He passed to Harris, but the latter was promptly tackled. Butterworth looked dan- gerous when he intercepted a pass, but Dickinson brought him down. and Walker at length got the ball at top speed. and hal almost a walk in. but to his disgust he found that he was offside. From a round of passing, however, Jones got over, but was called back, owing to the pass being for- ward. Runcorn had the hardest of husk the next minute, for Riehardson kicked across to Flaenagan. and Harris, who marked him, fell down. Flaanagan had not a man to stop him, but fortunately for Warrington, just before he reached the ball it rolled in touch, a foot frets the corner flag Half- time arrived just afterwards with no score. F Swift restarted, and the first scrimmage was formed on the Runcorn half of the Said. Seine exciting play took place and Knight by following up well all but scored. A free kick by Houghton put Runcorn en the offensive, but again Morrison. Edmondson, and Swift dribbled well to centre. Warrington were now playing with great dash and Fish was all but in. The wing man was very closely shadowed, and Jones was penalised for getting offside to do it. Fish just failed at the shot. Still Houma were hard pressed. and Harris and Foster rushed the ball over the line. Foster seemed to have touched the ball behind the post, but the referee refused to allow the try. Harris distinguished him- self again by a splendid bit of individual play, for getting away with the ball he dodged Ulnae opponents in succession and kicked to Houghton, who managed to save at the Run- corn quarter flag. Neither side had up to now made too much use of touch, and though the game was not very scientific, it was fairly interesting A fine round of passing by the Warrington backs gave the ball to Harris, who beat both Warder and Flannagan, but he could not get past the redoubtable Honghton. A free kick by Fish sent the ball over the line, just under the posts, and Jolley was compelled to touch down before he could clear. The drop out did not give mush relief to Runcorn, and the game was in their half, Runcorn were having by far the worst of it, the Warrington forwards improving as time went on. Burgess and Fish got in some telling runs, and Houghton failing to gather the ball properly from a big kick,fell in touch. From the ensuing scrimmage, Runcorn were penal- ised, and Fish again just failed at a clearly easy place. A number of long kicks enabled Runcorn for the first time for twenty-five minutes to get a footing in the Warrington half, and Jolly tried to drop a goal, but without avail, and the next minute as the result of a dashing run by Fish,Warring- ton were again pressing. The pressure was maintained, and at:the elose Runaorn only just escaped disaster by Houghton finely tackling Harris close to the Runcorn line, Final.—Warrington nil, Runcorn nil.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v IiALIFAX,

Played at Widnes, before 3,000 spectators. Morey got away, passing wildly. Peacock was brought dawn in mid- field, and then Halifax pressed gaining a penalty, which was badly taken by Little. Halifax were very sharp on the ball in the scrummages. Brown secured possession, and a pretty passing bout in whleh Williams, Rigg. Pladwen, and then Williams and Hadwen again handled, ended in the "' " . _ _ _

latter snoring. Although favourably placed, Little showed badly in the attempt at goal. Returning. Widnes rushed away, and Ip_d a chance of retaliating, but Aspey failed when a penalty was awarded. Halifax pressed, and Tilley got the ball clear when the situation was dangerons. Tilley was now showing up finely, and fielded Hadwen magnifi- eently when nearly over. After pretty combination work by Brown. Leg, and Williams. Brown secured, and passed nicely to Morley, who supplied Williams with an opportunity of dropping a goal, which he promptly took, and succeeded, the snore being rather a surprise. Barber grounded Little when he had passed Brown and Lalley, and looked dangerous 1 Score at half-tie :—ldallfax, 5 points ; Whines, nil, _ .

Soon after the restart, Hawden. Hammond, and Morton initiated a pretty movement, the latter being checked near the line by They. Morley dropped a goal. PIAy was very rough, and Kitson went off, but returned. Then Brown was Carried away with damaged ribs. There were also other injuries. Halifax. desulte losses, pressed strongly, and kept play on the home 25." Result :—Halifax 2 goals, 1 try (7 points), Widnes nil. Teams : Halifax—Little, back ; Wedgwood, Rigg, Williams. and Iffadwen. three-quarter tacks ; Brown and Morley,kalf backs; Kitson. Riley, Bartle. Bwinback, klammond,Wilson. Morton, and Bulmer, forwards. Widues—Tiley, bock; Barber. Peacock. Brown. and Hughes,three-quarter backs ; Lally and A Taylor, halfbacks: Aspey, Webster. Lea. Riley, M Hughes, Power, Leyshon and Lynch, forwards. Referee, Mt A Berry, Bradford ; touch judges, Messrs W Jones, Runcorn. and J H Houghton. St Helens. BRIO.HOUSE RANGERS v ST HELENS. . _ . .

The season's campaign at Lane Head, Brighouse, was opened by a visit from St Helens. Kilburn started for Brig- house uphill, and for a long Hose pay fluetuated a groat deal, but neither side attacked very strongly. iventually Hartley score, after a dribble, but Saville failed to convert. St Helens brightened up, and Mercer scored a penalty goal,followed bY Banks with a neat dropped goal. Result :—St Helens, 2 goals (4 points) ; Brighouse, 1 try (3 points). Teams Brighouse—Saville, bask ; Chappell. Bevan, Hartley, and Smith, three-quarter backs ; Ross and Crowther, half backs; Kilburn, Hodgson, Wlsitla, Woffenden, Banks, Armitage, Miller, and Holreyd, forwards. St Helens—Foulkes, back ; Liversedge, Whiteley, Doherty, and Bacon, three-quarter backs ; Banks and Hall. half backs; Mercer, Briars, Prescott, Mawsoa, Maguire, Carney, Thomp- son, and Mooney, forwards.

bieteree, Mr WMcCutcheoz, Oldham. BROUGHTON It ANGELO V. SWINTON.'

Local rivalry was keen at Wheaters Field, Broughton. on Saturday, and there were fully 15,000 people present. After fourteen minutes' play Swinton were penalised and Willie James kicked a gest for the Rangers. The re-start from the centre saw Swinton show considerable improvement,and loose work on the part of Barrett and Harry enabled Critoh to pick up, and give Evans possession, and the burly forward ran round the posts. From the place Preston easily landed a goal. Not long afterwerds Traynor made his mark in a fairly good position, and Preston was sneeessful with another goal. A few minutes from the interval Willie James was badly injured, and had to be carried off the field. Malf- time :—Swinton 2 goals 1 try (7 points), Broughton Rangers 1 goal (2 points). On resuming the Rangers were greatly

Only One

good family soap in the world—. Fels-Naptha. If Fels-Naptha saves, in labour and wear on clothes, ten times its cost—are other soaps good? Your grocer returns your money if you don't agree with us. 21d a bar.

YELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Stud London EC

handicapped by the absence of W James. Hogg and Wilson made desperate efforts to score. Sam James got the ball from the pack and passed it to Barratt, who gave to Wilson, and that player soared. Oram took the place, bnt failed. Besul:—Swinton 2 goals 1 try (7 points), Broughton Rangers 1 goal 1 try (5 points). WIGAN V. LEIGH.

Played at Central Park, Wigan. Barr and Eckersley again figured in the three-quarter line, which also included a new player in Duffy, of Millom whilst for the first time. Ander- son, formerly of Moreemsbe, partnered Bothwell behind the pack. Close upon 12,000 witnessed the game. Hostilities opened well for the visitors. as within the first two minutes the Wigan backs bundled, and Bennett rushing up gave a smart pass Co Ganley, wbo ran over near the corner flag. Bothwell just missed dropping a goal, wkdist close on the interval the same player outwitted Dunbavin and Molyneux, and crossed the Leigh line, each sid• having a try to its credit at the interval. Result :—Wigan 1 try (3 paints). Leigh I try (3 points). BRADFORD V SALFORD,

Played at Park Avenue in fine weather, before about JOAO spectators' Mr Smith. of Widnes, who was strictly inter- preting the" feet up" rule, gave a penalty against Bradford, from which Lomas kicked a goal. Throughout the match Mr Smith gave 22 free kicks against Salford for the same reason, and 10 against Bradford. ftesialt—BraMord 1 goal (2 poixts), Salford 1 goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19021003_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL KINGSTON ROVERS V. eiLrosum.

Played at Hull, before 8,009 people. Nether club was able I. pet its full strength in the field. At the interval Oldham led by 5 points to 2. Afterwards the home men looked like retrieving their position, but they were beaten for possession in the serum. sage. The game was now very dull, passing movements being rarely resorted to oa either side. S Leas put the visi- tors further ahead with a beautifully dropped goal :—Oldham 2 goals and 1 try (7 points), Kingston Rovers 1 goal (2 points), Teams • HUDDERSFIELD V BATLEY.

There were 5,000 spectators to witness this match at Far town. The homesters kept the visitors in their own num.— ters. snd here Sutcliffe charged Oakland's kick, and dribbled well to the line, and Batley being penalised for obstruction Bute iffe kicked a goal. Half time score :—Huddersfield, 1 goal (2 points); Batley. nil. Davies kicked a grand goal for Bstlev. Keen scrummages followed,and the ball coming out Fred Dewhurst dropped a lovely goal front behind the pack. Result —Huddersfield, 2 goals (4 points) ; Batley, 1 goal (21pointe),

HUNSLET V iritiLL. ' About 6,T0 spectators witnessed a game of an intensely exciting character at Parkside between these teams. The issue was in doubt till the last minute, the scoring on both sides was prolific, and first one side and then the other were in possession a the lead so that altogether the onlookers had good value. Result :—Hull. 1 goal and 4 tries (14 points) ; Hunslet, 4 goals and 1 try (LI points).

===== 0002601_19021003_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SZCONO DIVISION. RESULTS T SiTtTRDAY.

Points.

Pld, Won Lost Drn. For Agit. P. Leeds Lancaster HeMack 4 3 0 1 .. 46 . 6 ... 7 'lEOlO3l6y leastleforil Rochdale Hornets Manninghana York 3 2 .. 1 .. .. 23 ... 11 ... 4 Barrow Birkenhead South &gelds Brambly Wakefield Trinity Dewsbury Normaaton Stockport Morecambe

===== 0002601_19021003_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS OP SATURDAY'S MATURE.%

9. T. P. 4. T. P. Leeds Oactleford Keighley Dewsbury ......... ..... 0 0 0 Birkenhead 0 0 0 South Shields Yerk 2 1 7 Moreoarebe 0 0 0 Rochdale Ho r Manuingkam 3 3lb Normaetou ,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR :LEAGUE.

BT. HELENS "A '' V, LATCHFORD RANGERS.

- These teams met at St Helens on Saturday. Latehford started before a slight breeze. Fleming ran well for Latch- ford, but Dickenson tackled well. larand passing between W Oreevey and U Creevey resulted in the latter scoring a grand try, Pennington failing at the place kick. From the drop oat Latchford forced the pressure, but neat work by the home backs drove them on the defensive- Latchford backs again 4,?pressed well, and Fleming had hard luck in not crossing the line. Play was next eontest.d at centre. but a free kick against Latchford enabled the Saints to get a footing in their half. The Latehford forwards broke away, and the remaining Way was of a pretty even character, sash side being dangerous in turn. Hal-time arrived with St. Helens leading by three points to Latchford Rangers nil. In the second half the game was evenly omtested.and the home team adding another try, won by six points to nil.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF THE LANCASHIRE COUNTY

UNION.

Teams for the Trial Game.

A. meeting of the Lancashire County Uaion in connection with the Northern Union was held at the Exchange Hotel, Manchester, on Tuesday evening. Mr It Walcottley occupying the chair.

The data of the trial game was altered from Thursday, October 9, to Monday, October 13. The following were the teams selected : Probables D Smith (Salford), full back; A Hogg, 11 Wilson (Broughton Rangers). G Dickinson and J Fish ( War- rington), threequarters ; W and S James (Broughton Rangers). half-backs ; P Tunney, J Rhapps, G Heath (Sal- ford), J Ferguson, G Wilkinson (Oldham). G Whitehead (Broughton Rangers), J Evans (Swinton).and A S Boardman (Warrington), forwards. Possiblea 3 R Tilley (Widnes), fell back ; Be. Wilson._ T Bowker (Barrow), 11 Bennett, and F Ganley (Leigh). three quarters ; J Lomas (Salford) and J Molyneux (Leigh), lhalf backs; J Preston (Swinton),J Carney (St Helens),G Boardman (Leigh), 3 Roberts (Leigh), G Prater (Oldham), J Brown (Wigan), W Orem (Brougtston Rangers), and J Curtis (Wid- nes), forwards. Reserves ;J Fielding (Broughton Rangers), full back ; F Harry (Broughton Rangers) and W Wallwork (Swinton), three-quarters; A Widdestu (Broughton Rangers), and B Harris (Warrington), wing three-quarter backs ; F Morgan (Swinton), and J Lalley ( %Victim half-backs ; W Green (St lielens), It Buckler (Salford), T P Milton (Wigan), R Tickle (Swinton), and W Naughton (Leigh), forwards. Referee, J II Smith (Widnes) ; touch judges. J If Rough- ton (St Helens). and Ben Ashton (Werneth). The Probables have been ordered by the committee to play in white, while the Possibles are requested to don the colours of their respectiv o clubs.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

ELLNICEY _GREEN. Ad,' C. V. HOOD-LAND WANDERERS.

Played on the Sankey ground, and after a runaway game, Sankey Green retired vietors by nine goals to one. WA.RRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAD-1111. SURTO/MOOD T ORFoRn BARRaCK9. This match was played at Burtonwood on Saturday. and resulted in a victory for the soldiers by three goals to nil. WARRINGTON ST MARY'S V' LATCHFORD. Played on the Saints' grouad. The visitors commetced, and Kenyon getting oossesion, made a fine rua along the touch, forcing a fruitless corner. On the re-start the Saints were awarded a free kick in goal but Gleave averted danger, transferring play to the other end. (bindle narrowly missed scoring. From a free kick at close quarters, Cleave, missing his kick, allowed Mather to score an easy goal. Half-time : Warrington St Mary's, one goal ; Latchford, nil. After the interval a dispute arose, and the home team eventually left the field before the expiration of time. STOCICTON HELTI V. LITCHFORD BRITANNIA. -

Played at Stockton Heath. The home team kicked eft. and St3ekten Heath pressed for a time. From a forward passing movement Todd scored for the visiters. A few minutes later Whitfield scored a seeond goal. Half-time Latckford Britannia, two goals; Stockton Heath. nil. In the second half the home for wards made a determined attack on the citadel, and after a scrimmage in goal Catterill was beaten. A brief visit was paid to the other end, when Todd beat the home custodian. The Britains kept up their pressure, and the ball was soon again put through.the visitors thus winning an Interesting game by four goals to one. WARRINGTON " aUARDIAN " V. RICHMOND'S ENGINEERS. At Arpley on Saturday. Half-time arrived with no score. On resuming the home team pressed, and Fell got possession and giving to Baines, that player scored. Richmond's attacked, and Massey equalized. On re-starting, the visitors pressed, and Wray, who was the only reliable bask, cleared. Oharnosk scored the second goal for the visitors, Sankey being at feet. Howell and Baines had hard lines in not equalizing, both shots going a few inches wide. Massey scored the third goal for the Engineers. Final : Richmond's three goals ; " Guardian," one.

SECOND DIVISION: CAMDEN GUILD V. WARRINGTON CENTIILL,

At Runcorn on Saturday. Holt started for Camden. Westley and Waltim forced play to the Warrington end.where Berry cleared twice when hard pressed. The visitors then attacked. Basneta saved on two occasions. Collinge then scored for Camden. Just before the interval the visitors equalized. Half-time ; Camden Guild, one goal ; Warring- ton Central, one goal. The second half was brilliantly con- tested, and the Central, adding two goals against one, won by three goals to two.

LAM:IASI:URIC CUP. EARLE9TOWN V STALTIRIDGI ROVERS.-A DRAW

liarlestown mot Stalybridge Rovers on the Mesnee en Saturday in the second round of the Lancashire Senior Cup. Great interest had been taken in the event, and there was a fairly large number of 'spectators. The visitors attaeked very vigorouely.tha outcemo being that the ball was placed in the corner of the net quite slut of the reach ef Ilebin. Ater this 131106688 the Revers played with greater spirit,and the Merles— town defence was sorely troubled. An injury te Limond caused a temporary stoppage to the gam*. On play being resumed no further scoring was done, Stalybridge turning over with the advantage of one goal to nil. The second half

fa 1125143 IS SaitlPlrlty re IL rim *rope on the toothbrt, . ----„..—. creep morning rE ........,,„,...„-,_ .. :- IVER !mull Pill. OS. Small Dose. sigma. ~ pus Small Price • Will Swee.ten thc... Breath all day, and make all She difference b. "A bsolutely cure Sick Hemiache, c.'e..— Biliousness, Tvrpid Liver, huh- goad Teeth and Bad Teeth. Kestien. Constipation; liniziliiess WM* Teeth and Yellow Teeth erred Teague. "Mley.Tgpth the Pretty Weett and Ugly Teeth *.er. iiit be rare thee tee palm, conPleywat; I,TccriwL,:z..,7. tr'Os

was of an oven discription, though the home side played with great determination. Eventually they drew even They put in all they knew to secure the advantage,but. at the expiration of time the game was a draw of one goal each. _ _

THE REPLAY. The replayed tie came off at Stalybridge on Tuesday. Stalybridge started uphill, the opening exchanges being fast. Stanton and Turton for Rarlestown were frequently danger- ous, but the home defence was good. Morrow, for the Rovers. scored the -first goal with a good shot. Three minutes later Wallaae sent in an oblique 'het, which was also sucoessful. At half time the Rovers led by two goals to none. In the second half Wallace scored their third goal. Result :—Rovers. three goals ; Rarlestown, none.

TRH COMBINA.CION.

WREXHAM T. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

Played at Wrexham Racecourse on Saturday in magnifi- cent weather, and before a fair attendance. After some even play Pountney piloted the ball into the net Not two minutes had elapsed ere Gordon scored a second goal with a header. ,An exciting tussle followed in the vicinity of the home goal, but after determined resistance, Wrexham cleared their assailants out. Owens and Pountney did some pretty manoeuvring in front of denkinson. The first named player registered a third shortly before the interval. Half-time : Wrexham, three Newton, nil. In the second half the v isitors were completely routed,'Wrexhana scoring no less than six goals, and bringing the total up to nine goals against none.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HER FAVOURED HAUNT. Lost Lady Found by a Newspaper.

The disappearance of a young lady who had long been a familiar figure in Portsmouth led to fears for her safety, and some interest was awakened locally when the Ports- mouth Times announced that she had been discovered safe and sound. Now married happily to a naval carpenter at the dockyard, Mrs Hayles readily accounted for her absence from familiar haunts. She had been ill, but thanks to Dr Willtams'pink pills for pale people health and strength have returned to her. When sixteen years old," she said, " I was so delicate and anee nic that none of my relatives believed I was long for thls world. I went to several doctors, and was also an out-patient at the Royal Portsmouth Hospital, but nothing seemed to do me any good. My head was always aching ; I

,e whiter al u I thinner every day, and could eat nothing, ho wever e aipting. I became weaker and weaker, until I could not move about, and it was thought I would not recover. "My cousin bought me a box of Dr Williams' pink pills, and persuaded me to take then,. I had given up all hope from medicine, but, to my surprise, after a few doses of Dr. Williams' pink pills, I found myself feeling much better. My appetite improved, and my energy came back, S 3 that after the fist box I seemed a different woman. Before taking the pills I had no appetite, and was so despondent that I used to sit in the churchyard, and wonder how son I eh mild be laid in my grave I " Now,' she added smilingly, "my appetite is wonderfully good, and I can eat almost anything. I have gained considerably in flesh and colour, and those who know me are surprised at the change in me." Inereased and purified blood-supply explains this and many similarlcures. Anmmia, is often the forerunner of consumption,is at the bottom of many womanly diseases, backache, shortness of breath, hysteria, and the like, and Dr. Williams' pink pills are noted fcr their cures in Such cases. The pills are only genuine in the registered wrapped, with Dr. Williams' name. Tney are for men, women, and children.

Mn. ilayles' case (her address is 27, Grafton-street, Landport (Portsmouth), is instructive and typical.

.... .. O.,A' OM P ' * ` • '6 •,.' =Fill „......, it\ ; .., r,,,, , . -....- • oirc 4iti - ,- ' • • • ' ' ~' ' '.: •;'••••1:',4% '• : g t had no life In me _ .I_o Whir. _

===== 0002601_19021003_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION BILL.

Free church Council's Appeal to the

Town Council.

At a well-attended meeting of the Executive Com- mittee of the Warrington and District Free Church Council, held in Bold-street Chapel vestry, and over which Mr C E Parker presided, the following resolution, proposed by Mr E ENGLAND, and seconded by Rev J F MATTIIEWg, was unanimously passed :—" That this meeting of the Executive Committee of the Warrington Free Church Council appeals to the Warrington Town Council to declare ita determination not to administer the proposed education law (should it become law) un- less an appeal has been first made to the country ; and this meeting trusts that every member of the Corpora- tion who sympathizes with the principle of public con- trol in the administration of national funds will support this proposal." It was decided to send circulars to the„ candidates at the forthcoming municipal eleatione as to their attitude towards the Bill, and another public meeting to protest against the measure is being arranged.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTOI

University Extension -Zectures. Arrangements have been made with the Oxford University Extension delegacy for a Course of six lectures to be delivered in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street, on the " Prose Writers of the lath Century." The lecturer will be Mr J G Powys,M.A., (Corpus Christi College, Cambridge), and the first lecture will be delivered on Thursday evening next. The subject will be " Lamb." The lectures will be continued every alternate Thursday evening, when the writers under discussion will be " Hazlett and DeQuincey," " Lawlor," "Carlyle," " Macauley,"and ".Raskin." Tickets for the course (including copy of syllabus) are one shilling. Special arrangements have been made for lending the works of the writers under discussion to holders of lecture- tickets.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
1‘•

BOOK-LOVERS' GICULATIN: LIBRARY

With numecrou branches throughout the country, has met with the greatest favour owing to the liberal manner in which customers' requirements are studied.

• THERE IS NO LIMIT to the number of copies purchased of popular works, and members find the service very different to the ordinary provincial library.

A PROSPECTUS containing the low terms of subscription, and tits monthly list of the latest pablkatione, will Its sent to any address on receipt of pest mak sr may be ebteiaml at

IROOTSPIASH CHEM ISTS. 5, BZIDGIPITRBET, WARRINGTON.

ill ' -- - --- -+ •Ipmei fstif -P/4/Lk ...,1 ,i,--,..... i ...+ ~.,... ..... . . ..,,........,...1., 4,..„0 ..... 6,-,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LOV

Seed news continues to arrive daily from Denmark, where Queen Alexandra is enjoying a well-earned and well-needed holiday after a most trying time, which, despite her perennial beauty and brightness of disposition, cannot but have told upon her physically. First, there was the royal entertaining and the Courts prior to the Coronation, then the King's illness, and, finally, the postponed Coronation: and at the end of this protracted and trying season her Majesty was not in the best of health. Every autumn, almost without exception, since the daughter of the Sea-Kings first made her home in England, now nearly forty years ago, it has been her habit to visit her parents, King Christian and his late Consort, who has been BO d4ply mourned since her death four years ago this week: and no more united family exists than the royal house of Denmark, which, though spread all over Europe by marriage, always manages to reassemble at Copenhagen towards the end of each summer. During such times the royal household for the most part live an unostentatious family life amongst themselves without any state ceremonials, beyond such festivities as a gala lunch to celebrate Prince Christian's birthday, which took place last week: and in no royal circle is greater simplicity observed. Queen Alexandra, for instance, goes practically unattended by any suite, except for Miss Knollys and an equerry. Her stay is now drawing to a close: and she will be back in England in a few days to take part in the royal drive through town. His Majesty is due at Sandringham next Saturday, where the week after he will be visited by his great friend, the King of Portugal. Their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales have, also, left Scotland after their first visit to their new home at Abergeldie for York Cottage, aniihis week spent a few days in town at York House, making arrangements for their impending move into Marlborough House. They will, however, make York Cottage their headquarters for the next three months, as the accouchment of the Princess of Wales is expected next month: and, except for the State visit to London on the 25th and 26th inst., the King and Queen will spend most of the autumn and early winter at the favourite Norfolk home.

This week Shipka Pass, which five and twenty- years ago was the scene of the fiercest battles between the Turks and the Russians, has been the centre of festivities: and in memory of the fallen and the great Russian victory a Greek church has been opened. The Grand Duke Nicholas of Russia and Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria were amongst the notable gathering who met at the wild Pass to celebrate the victory and to open the church, which was designed by Professor Vosnesenski, who has introduced the double Russian cross prominently into the minarets. Shipka is a pass in the Balkans. on the side nearest to Roumelia, about fifty miles north-east of Philipopolis, and eighty-seven miles south-west of Rustelauk on the

[IIRCH OPENE:

.../ . 6 , . hii ..,. ~ 1 1 ' q a , '‘lt\ . 1 : li ' i''. .1:il ,v I..L i ;--' 4 , , , i-in PP-- -.:.4,,---.4. ~ ...,_., ~_:•-,) 1 II l' "I'd. 117 •,•• ..,,-.7. "Igi:l7C. .'"' . \1 I IIt!NljletE iiiitlEi I 1111 i -,, L'7,,,,-z•,:,--- --;p':.-'--r--. • "ff.ipyt,,,!..;..-4-...,--,4*.i,c7-A IF,. NI -4...-_,-,.: . 'l7: .% .:"".": 1.12 Y" -4q.YiN."---• „_..t.,..e.,1= '0,,,, 4 • ~----.- ---- ' ~,-.P -'''''' - -- -----__-"A''..„------'` -*lkt" '%....?.?,,,--- ..auraanGrzm4 LIE SHIPKA PASS MEMORIAL CH- ',O

===== 0002601_19021003_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS WEEK.

Danube. The Russians, in 1877, having been driven from Bournelia, retreated to Shipka Pass, where, under Generals Gourko and Radetzky, they withstood the desperate onslaughts of the Turks under Suleyman Pasha, the chief fighting taking place between August 20th and 27th and Septem- ber 9th to 17th. After fifty thousand men had been sacrificed General Todleben was successful in enclosing the Turkish army at Plevna, and on December 10th they surrendered unconditionally. By the Berlin Treaty of the following year Bulgaria was constituted autonomous. Hence the present rejoicings and the great memorial church in the wilds of the Balkans. The manifesto of the Boer Generals and their appeal to the civilised world has called forth a storm of criticism on every side: and even by their best friends it can hardly be considered a wise or tactful move on their part. It was obvious from the account of their interview with Mr. Chamberlain officially published that they came to England expecting enormous con- cessions beyond the terms they had agreed to at Vereeniging : and doubtless they were considerably chagrined by the attitude of the British Govern- ment on the subject. It is to be hoped, however,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIGNATURES OF THE THREE BOER GENERALS

TO THEIR NOW FAMOUS MANIFESTO.

that the feeling aroused on both sides will soon subside and the incident be forgotten, amongst many other " unfortunate " ones, in the best in- terests of South Africa.'' General Botha seems to be the most moderate and sensible of all the Boers in his ideas; awl he may be trusted to do his best to make matters go more smoothly upon his return to England with his two colleagues, which is ex- pected to take place about the time of the opening of Parliament. In view of any lectures the Boer Generals propose to give and any subscriptions they hope for towards their funds, their manifesto was not the wisest move: and the least said, the soonest mended. One generous American, Mr. Henry Phipps, last week presented General Botha with £20,000 for the immediate needs of the Boer widows and orphans, coupling with his gift one or two simple conditions to insure its only being used in a way Great Britain would approve sf and one which could not be considered un- friendly to us : and in accepting it and the condi- tions General Botha again made use of the frankest expressions of loyalty.

tieneral sorrow will be expressed at the death of Mr. John Latey, who passed away at the end of last week after a long and painful illness at his residence, South Villas, Camden Square. He sus within a month of his sixtieth year, t.aving been born in London on October 30th 1842, a few months after his father had launched the "Illustrated London News." He was educated with a view to a journalistic career, which he commenced with the first issue of the "Penny Illus- trated Paper" at the age of nine- teen. Since then he has con- tinued his con- nection with this popular little journal without a break, keeping it always in the front rank of popularity.

MR. JOHN LATEY, EDITOR OF THE " SKETCH " AND THE "PENNY ILLUSTRATED

PAPER."

I n connection with with it he founded the "P.LP. Showman," and did Parlia- mentary sketches for the Illustrated London News," as The Silent Member." Ile also acted as assistant editor of the older journal for some time: but the principal post of his life was the editorship of the "Sketch," whicn he took over in 1899, and conducted with great vigour and spirit. In addition to his journalistic work, he wrote a number of novels; novelettes, comediettas and other minor works. He was one of the founders of the London Press Club and a fellow of the Institute of Journalists. He will be greatly missed by his many friends, as he was regarded with the warmest feelings of liking and affection on account of his general kindliness of demeanour. The funeral took place this week at Highgate Cemetery.

Recently there have been several interesting additions to the Royal Zoological Society's collec- tion in Regent's Park. Amongst these is a hybrid zebra, presented by the King, who 'has always evinced the greatest personal interest in the Zoo, and has frequently made presentations to the Society. Another valuable presentation comes from Colonel Mahon, D. 5.0., the reliever of Male- king. Who is now Governor of Kordofan in the Soudan. From his new post he has sent three giraffes, two cheetahs, and two secretary birds, which were brought home by Mr. Thompson, the superintendent of the Zoo. All thesl3 have gone to the Regent's Park collection, except one giraffe, which went to Dublin, in Colonel Mahon's native land: while another similar one was pre- sented to the Khedive en route. Of the two at the London Zoo the larger is a female about twenty months old, and the smaller a male, just over a year old. They were led down to the coast this summer and temporarily placed in the Zoo at Gizeh. They were shipped by the Momba.v.ea. and had a very poor passage: but sinoe reaching England they have picked up considerably. Another new arrival is a purple-faced monkey, who has just been added to the inner room of the monkey house, amongst the rarer specimens of his chatter-

THE LATEST ADDITIONS TO THE ZOO.

ing tribe. It comes from Ceylon and is technically

termed the " semnopitbecus cepbalopterus." It is.' a small monkey of dusky hue, and its face would at first sight be called black by the majority of observers : but in -certain lights there is a purple bloom upon its almost hairless countenance. It has a few stray white hairs in its bristly moustache, but is otherwise unmarked with wnite. Its fellow in captivity is a Campbell's monkey (Cereopithecus campbelli) from Africa. These form three very interesting additions to the fine collection at the Zoo, and will tempt many lovers of natural history to ...make a journey to Regent'e Park.

Whether one sympathises with Mr. Kensit'a attitude on religious questions or not, everyoner cannot help being horrified at the murderous assault to which he was subjected at Liverpool towards the &lose of last week. He had been addressing a mass meeting of Protestants in connection with his son's imprisoment at the Claughton Itinsic Hall, Birkenhead, and left escorted by a stong band of police or Woodside Ferry, by which be intended to cross the Mersey to Liverpool. The trowd was not as hostile as had been anti- cipated and com- paratively fe w people had gathered at the ferry. Mr. Kensit duly alighted from the electric car to walk to the ferry gates when suddenly he fell with a cry: and it was found that he had been wounded over the left eye, a fright- ful cut having been inflicted by a sharp chisel about a foot long an d weighing about two pounds This had been VRO WAS MURIiEROL':•LY AS. hurled at him IIAULTED AT LIVERPOOL LAST from same little WEEK. 4i,tance and had inflicted a terrible wound to the left eye. At first it was feared that it might prove fatal : but he has been progressing favourably; at the Northern Hospital, to which he was conveyed ij,n an ambulance. It' is now hoped that not only will he recover, but also that the sight of the eye may be saved. In connection with the affair the police have arrested a young man, named Makeever, who has been charged with feloniously wounding Mr. Kensit. Naturally in these enlightened and civilised times such a deed has created the greatest sensation throughout England, especially as M. Kensit has of late years taken such a prominent stand in religions matters..

L JOHN KE.

, ...,,F 17)rii V. i i'ttili. 7 . /...- , 4.-:0 '- • -• \ \ ' ii N\ •

(7, • * • 4\ 01, ,•s-• 7.1 r. * ML JOHN KE:s;SIT,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
the "(examiner gotrits

T" WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRSIURS HXAMINER." published every Galardi,— morning. 'T" " BARLESTOWN AND NxwxoN EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELRNO ExAmrsza," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. THE "WIDNES ExAmir:Eß," published every Friday afternoon. PREP A ID ADVERTISEMENTS AP kIITMENTS WANTED HOUSES WAMED APARTN[E*S To LET HOUSES TO BE BOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19021003_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
nomOtit gperbantO, etc.

WA.NT3I:I Good Plain COOK.—.lipply 16. Brldge-atreet, 'Lindley, Lear Wigan.

WANTRD GBNIIRAL ; good reference ; small family.— 105. ;31103IPTON-STREET, Oldham.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT ; age about 2). Apyly, LEA'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, Runcorn.

WANTBD a good GBNBRAL SERVANT; Cnurchwoman preterted.—ldrs linrc, 52. Fishergate. Preston.

WANTBD atom( dean WILLING GIRL. about 18 for small family,—Apply 33, BELMONT ST, Southport. general

famll:

WANTED HOUSEMAID, for small ; - kept; good wages.—Apply by letter, 9, Dinor-einuurr. S outhport. _ _

‘ATANTBD, Young Girl as NUR3B, ago 14 or 15; food of children. —Acyly MRS. HEATH,HOMe AVM, Molling- ton, Chester.

NVMalin GMIIIIIAL ; comfortable borne; washing ; good wages.—Apply Roirsms, Rlvershill, Ashton-on- Mersey. Cl ' '

i-heahii:e.

--- WANTBD OBRTIFICATBD Female ASSISTANT; £B5 Stand. V; sewing.—Apply MASTER, St Martin's Castleton, Lancashire.

STOCKPORT INFIRMARY.—WANTED, October lot, Good General ae Wardmaid ; £l4 ; good references re. quired.—Apply fdlnao.w.

WANTED, Respectable Strong GIRL to assist in bongo. work ; protestant.—Apoly by letter, W. LEDBIIA3t. Carrier, Wallasey, Cheshire.

Vit ANDSD good CldlasiattAL BRA/ANT, age Zi to 23 I V good home for respectable girl.—Apply 13, CHURCII. ROAD, Seacombe, Cheshire.

WANTED a thorough GENERAL, with good reference ; comfortable home and good wage offered,-13 DOVER. ROAD, Birkdale. Southport,

WANTBD, experienced PARLOURMAID ; Catholic.— Reply, stating age, reference, wages, Mrs. W., 57, York-road, Birkdale, Southport.

WANTED GENERAL (thoroughly competent) ; age 24 Vif to 30; small remit/ ; wages £2O; seaside.—Apply F., NORTON HOUsE, Eloylake, Cheshire.

WANTRD, a Trustworthy SBRVANT. for farm work; good wages if sultable.—Apply W MAHTLEW, Crooke Hall Farm. Sbevington near Wigan. _ -

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; good character; three in family.—Mirics, 16, Silverdale-road. Chorlion-cum-Hardy, near Manchester.

WAN•2IID Re-engagement as ROUSBRlgliPilit to single gentleman; good cook ; reliable references.—BEAN ClO Moses, Nor " Farm, Willesden, Bradford.

Hill

WANTBD GENERAL SERVANT by October 9tb,over IS. with good character ; from £l3.—Write Miss HotTGE, Tne Grosvenor Hotel, Ellesmere Port, near Ch.-ster,

AIRS. CLARKS'S REGISTRY. Greek-street, Stockport. tVl—Wantel Cook Generals, for small families,no washing. Housemaids and many Generals with good references.

WANTED, GENBBAL SBEVANT for Farmhouse, 20 to 30; no outside work ; Catholic preferred.—Apply Mn. SWIFT, Blackleyhurst Hall, Billing°, near Wigan.

ALL CLASSES of SERVANTS m ready from country and town, publie and private.—Ladies should call or write fiensisoses, 6 Oldham-street, Manchester. &stab 1862.

WALTlD.trwumn: HgiNaH.R toLi, out tr efsmallore or orphan good t objected to.—SALmolt,9J.Kenmare-road,Wavertree,Liverpol. ALL CL&SSIIS of SITUATIOSS. private and public good homes ; excellent wages ; places In town.country and seaside... Write to 111.aRalsoN'a,8 Oldbara-st,atanchester.

WANTED, respectable Person as General SERVANT; most be strictly honest and fond of chillren ; refer- ences requlrel.-31rs 93ifradimpire,Woo4 Nook,Accrington.

HOUSILKIBPICR sad HOUSBMAID seek situation to- gether in priest's house ;good cook ;excellent reference. —Houstxxx:PEß,St Patu's Station-rd,Wood Green,London,N.

WANTED, YOUNG WOMAN, from 18 to 20, to assist in household duties and restaurant ; mast he honest, clean and smart.—Address Mn. WOOD, 21, West-viow, Olitheroe.

WANTED. HODSE-PARLOIIIINIAID, for two; under- stands her duties ; strong ; not under 22; fromßl6, £l9 ; Protestant ; not Welsh.—S., 68, Park-r.ocd, West, Birkenhead.

WANTED, experienced COOK-GBNBRAL. with good references ; for small family ; age 24 to 28 ; wages £lB rising to £2o.—Mrs. BEARDOE-ORIIIIDIt, Choriton-cum- Hardy, Manchester.

I,IXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a LI moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INsTrru- nom, 70, Hopc-street, Liverpool. Telephone 670. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

eIOOKS WANTISD from £2O to £24.Housemaid Waitresses Elfi to £22, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent plaxas ; small tamllies.—Write to liattnisox's, 6 Oldham- street, Blanchester. WANTED. a GIRL about 18 to assist in house vroriF; wages £l2 a year;personal reference required.—Apply by letter 55, DEA:PE-ROAD, Fairfield, Liverpool ; or person- ally any evening after 5 o'clock. No registry need apply.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ED be Let.

MARKET-STREET, good SHOP with Idouse£so. BRUNIE STREET, CORNER SHOP, until 25th March next, premier position. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and Is. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' Telephone—No 55.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
eington.

QHOP TO LET—No 1, Queen-street, Earlestown ; itarnedi- IJ ate poseeesion can be bad,—Apply 69, CROSS-LANE, Varleatown. Rent £.15.

qlo LET GOOD HOUSE. (3 bedrooms) off BEWSBY- -1 ROAD, rent 4s 6d.—Apply WOODS A 2.113 BON, Solicitors Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

'TO LET, STABLE and COACHHOUSE, with lofts over large yard attached off Tannersane.—Apply WOOD 9 Sot Solicitors, 55, Horsernarketstree Warrington.

SHOP with DWIILLING TO Let; convenient; cellar; suit Grocer, Butcher; Furniture ; in Bewsey-street, Warrington.—Apply SYELLAND, 63A. Bewley-street.

-- WHARTON COTTAGE near Winsford.—To be Let, the above Residence, with or without a small plot of land. Apply to MI'S SEWALL, Wharton Hall, Winsford, Ches hire

LMPOIAT TO FARMERS Stc. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. EITROGEN 2 TO 21, AxmomA 21 TO 3, PECOEPHATE 10 TO 12.

- P.' PRICE £2 las. PER TON. a. PIM Tow CABH DIBCOUNT. AT YARD, OR FREE OR BAILS,

BOXAL-60/di'OUND MANURE. Nrrhoows 3t TO 4, A3LMoNIA 4 To 4, PRofn.TIATZ 13 TO 15. PRIOR RA 2s. 6:D. PER TON, 75, 6D. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR Falai ON RAILS, Fon FURTHER P.MITIOI7LARS APPLY JAMES TOOLE, LICENSHD HORS& SLAUCIIILTERRII, ALLEN STREET, WAItRINGTON. Telephone No 222. ,Grairls 355 Y

Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

TELEPHONE

JOUN WALKER AND EXAMINER OFFICE,

BE W SEY STREET. WARRI NG- TON

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c.

BOOKBINDING, &c.

COMMERCIAL AND GENERAL PRINTERS, SPECIAL BOOKS MADE TO ORDER ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE CONSISTENT WITH sotiNDNESS.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER OFFICE,

SpartintntO furnissbdi jhouoto. BLACK PUOL.-2UBLIO and PlllValli APAItTainNT3 close to sea and north nler.—Mrs. PowELL, 21, Cocker- street, North Shore.

MO MATlinli (near station ana sea). APAltTallll iTS ; bath and piano.-16, tir. DAVID'S-ROAD WITTE. a. Annee-on-the-Sea.

lOLWYN BAlL—Comfortable Ariklatdl4lNTS ; near aea ; good cooking ; winter terms.—Mrs. BOYD, &natant) House, Beigrave-road.

MORBOA.MBIL— Mrs. Ptcrourara.,l2. Wellington. terrace near L. and N.-W. Station; piano; home from home, 5 minutes from Promenade.

f ILEHTHORPHS.—ComfortabIe APARTBIHNTS, good 1.. J attendance, close trams, station, pier ; terms moderate. —Man. MURRELL, 38, High-street.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. EGLIN Powell, Promenade ; elegant; public and private apartments ; excellent cooking ; popular prices ; with or without board.

BID BNMAIINSIAWR ;—Eastbourne Villa, Clean and COM- FOBTABLI3 AYARTMIINTS, near Promenade. and Station, terms moderate. Miss PARRY.

uvANo. e,J, Albert-road, Hear Central Station, sea, and amutements ; public and private Apartmenta.—Bed, cooking and attendance on two persons, 21. per day. Piano.

Mantes.

rrio LIST Good Shop; splendid business position in Shrews- bory.—CooPEa, Swan Hill Court, Shrewsbury.

TrWMWRITIN4 TAUGHT on high grade standard type- rlters.—B PODMORE, 32, Lovely-lane, Warrington.

Viirl AN I'HD old gold, silver, antique furniture, engravings, curiosities, dc.—Youiso, Antique dealer, Aberdeen.

C(ILEUMS desiring evening employment send stamped N-I,envelope particulsrs.—Fonsm&W,Boal4.Vietoria-Bq,Bolton.

CLIIRK and others desirous of evening or spare time work send stamped addressed envelope to bC GIBE, 10, Spite!- terrace, Gainsborougb.

IUT ILK.—Wanted, one or two good Dairies,—Apply Joan IVA KELSEY, Grove Dairy, Grove-street, Higher Br...tighton, Manchester,

A GENTS WANTBD to sell Improved Filter and Splash .11 Preventer. Will lit any size tap.—UNIVERSAL FILTER 00., DEPT. 48, Sheffield.

WANTED GOOD STEADY TEAMSBAN, cottage on the farm if re quired.—Apply to Ms, RAWLINEION, Brook- lands, Melling, near Ormskirk•

WAR MBDALS wanted,dated 1848,22 given ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Atcara, Matabele,Mashona,Fenian Raid, ac.—Major Tomns, Droitwich.

JILIC—WANTBD, a Dairy of Mllk.good references and weekly payments—Mr. JAMEB DIANNLYG, Dairyman, 92, Brynn-ktreet, st. Helens, Lancashire.

DER6ON WANTBD, to look after children and assist mother generally; comfortable borne ; no wages.— Apply .° LI," 137, Willesoen-lane, Bronoesbury, London.

W ANTISD AucIUkAAT-011dTttliSc, for email country of ; Art. 5) ; very healthy and pretty neighbour- hood; salary £4s.—Addrese M.te2El/4,Scalee School,Ulverstort.

MILK. —WANTBD, Dairy of well-cooled Milk. about 20 dozen a day; also. one smaller.—Prlce and particulars to 16,111GLAN-sT.,limbden-st.,Hulme,Manchester.

T FT-OFF CLOIHING Bought for Cast), in large or small quantities.—Mrs SCANLAN, 17, sands-street, South, Liverpool. P.S.—Full value will be remitted for country parcels.

IjrARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW• GLOBE MANGEL Is THE BEST. Awerrded a Champion Prize of £25 in addition to other leading FIR'iT Pan HS In 1901.

Price 1/. per:A. ; 103/- :yer cwt

CARRIAGS PAID & 5 PEE CENT. ;DISCOUNT

FOR RARLY FAXMRNT.

OTHER MANGELS from scl. per lb.

FOR GRASSES, CLOVERS, TURNIPS, AND ALL OTHER FARM SEEDS, SEE OUR CATA- LOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

GARTONS sEr,D EXPERTS AND GROWERS,

WARRINGTON,

APtorks, luOtntiZe4s, tit.

FOR !MLR, genuine builder's, Market town, Essex- In- elusive price £22O.—CLITAE. High-ttreet.TadditlgtOn.

GOOD BERRHOUSB, good trade. every proof given, splendid opporinnity.—Apply CORNER INN, 11, Brad- ford-street, Manchester.

ON SALL FRIED FISH and CHIP POTATO& SHOP; Coal Yard and Scales ; cheap.—Jorsis WAINWEIGAT, 390. Belton-road, Pendlebury, Manchester.

11OR DISPOSAL, flood Engineering and Motor Oar Build- -1.2 log and Repairing business in Blackpool; about £5OO.— Apply Wissmstrir, Park-place. Warrington.

Xthlei 1 oil AL tinetat.—W ell fitted Pastry and Con- fectionery Business for disposal ; parties leaving district ; no goodwill ; will accept valuation ; bills shown.— Apply9B, LN EtOW-ROAD. haw, Lancashire.

UOR DISPOSAL, a splendid Fruit, Florist, Rabbits and X' Poultry Business ; doing a good trade, ready money, good stand ; It chance of a lifetime ; other business cause of leaving.—Apply GREENWOOD, Market Place. Leigh.

'AB ENGINES, Robinson's " HR" Gas Bugines Are Ur reliable and easy to put down.—Reemeox, Great Bridgewater Street, Manchester.

FOR SALE, PORTABLE ENGINE by Foster) and Thresh- ing Boa (by Smith, Whitohurch).—Apply T. BOYFIEIt, Salesbrook, Aston, Nantwich, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
'bare.

j AMISS P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, Established 1575. 29, RAISELAGH-sTREET. LIVERPOOL

LIOR.SALB.-25,300 4 per cent C. BONDS, with aceuring 1. r4intereat, CONNAH'S QUAY RAILWAY.—U ffers,whole or part.—H YADFIICLD, 30, rerey-atreet, Liverpool.

Ono, Voultrp, at.

jr-1142811.—Solendid fat geese FIT TO KILL 4s each; fat ‘...F Ducks 2s to Es 6th—Batnuts, 34, Walmer—street, Rusholme, Manchester.

POULTRY.—Spiendid Chickens, trussed, carriage paid, 4s, ss, 6s, pair, cash with orner.—GRAB3IEBE, Priory Avenue, Walthametow, Essex.

PUBE-BRED Buff Orpington's ; Eggs 3s per doe. (unfer- tile replaced); Chickens from 6s per doz. List sent.— NIGHTINGALE, Cabtle Fields. Shrewsbury.

MO MARE POULTRY PAY, use the Hereford Poultry J. Crammer, Price only 20. guaranteed to fatten equal to any Rh be machine. WALT.o. 5 bleelwicir. Hereford.

1/orstes. Oarriagro. the .*tork, &T

OE SALE, Pony, Trap, and Harness.—Apply 114, STOCKPORT-ROAD, Bradbury.

HORSI4. Half blood; good hunter or carriage. No fault —Apply G. 57, Liverpo"l Bxpreas Office.

FOR SALE,a Two-hone Wagonette, a trap and a gig.— Apply H. GERRARD, 53, Weetleigh-lane, Leigh.

- S pedigree flat-coated RHTRIEVERS, five J. mond! old; ready or breaking.—WßEAT SHEAF. Garstang.

ON BALE SET of LEERY WHEELS qln by In tyres, pri3e £3; also vertical ateam engine 313. p , nearly new; price £9.—Apply FAIRCLOIIGH, Lurry Works, iforwich.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE?

LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 351 ,BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WREN?

EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY

PRICE?

SET 21S. SINGLE TOOTH 2. 6D.

Ofsrtlianous, en aalt, tu.

PHONOGRAPHS, 80 6d. —Genuine Edison Bell Records ls 2€l each.—GArDoN, Park-street, Croydon.

THE WEAKNESS OF MAN, by Professor Avery, post free 7d, from 237, BAST INDIA-ROAD, Poplar, London.

19000 Hollow Eh mind Hazors,2s, usually 41; ; bargains. --CunTia, 163 Atterellffe-road, Sheffield.

PAINTING taught by correspondence, 1s 6d per lesson.-- J HEwn.r. art specialist. Bolton. listablished 1875.

FaTCHW OEK.-300 Lovely Crazywork Velvets, is 4d, t ree.—DitEsemsxEB, 8 hip' -tract, Eltliam.

4h-street,

PICTUIII3 FRAMINU trade guide 23 id. What to charge, where to buy, —ENGEBT, 123 Wilberforce-road, I.

AI OMAN ROLLS EXOBAI4OIII3, or Sale, at great reduc- tion ; slightly soiled —O. linavisims,Tosquay Devon.

g _LOOD WAUES obtained by respectable occupation, all ‘,..K particulars with receipts 15.—WritnitT,50 liigh-stLongton.

OLESKINd bougnt, sound quality. State quantity and IYJ price.—Tnomes, 3, Gisollpark-road, Beath, S. Wales.

QTAMPS.—Fine Album and 1728 foreign and colonial stamps,loa 6d —l4Lmorc,lllllslde.Harrow-road,Dorking.

VAULKNERS are LARGH CASH BUYERS of Hay and A. Clover.—Apply, IAULKItERB, Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

KANK.BIiKCIIA painlessly cures Canker, diphtheritic roup,cUseased comes. &e., 7d.—MAGGS BROIL, Fanciers; :Swansea.

(ZPECIInfiNS of Mo'fusee, Lepldoptera, and Coleoptera for k) sale- Price iistS.—SNAZELLE, Naturalist, 4 floilington Park, London.

STBLI.BO V LBW S. Ihe kind you waist, a doz., tor 9d, post tree. Also C good mtereoscope 1 9d post free.—EE 'STEREO Co., Fleet-street, Blackpool.

QW/IDISH rowan' KNIFE, best in the world, no springs, perfectly rigid, carry in the pocket, is, postage free.—JahniN, Market-street, Bury, Lanes.

HARDSONB ROWING GIG, 25ft Bin long, sft 41n beam, teakwood, lying in North—east Brooklebank Idoek.—J Roman, 18, Lyon-street, Bootle-

ID 00F1N4 'HILL-500,000 Rolle ready for delivery, Rolls, IA 25 yards long, 32 inches wide, 3s 3d, 4s 6d, 7s cash with order.—( POWER, Idigh-street, Stockton-On-lees.

BIWOCHES.—SterIIng Silver, government stamped, enamelled Di:spell or any name, post free is 6d —P. CRANFIELD, Jeweller, 87 Bell Barn road, Birmingham.

AVE MONEY I—lncandesceat Burner, everything c0m- 1....7 plete, Is. ; Mantles 4s doz. ; wholesale and retail ; lists free. —INCANDESCENT Co., 30 Market-street, Newcastle.

A LL HAIRDRESSERS, Ac., should try Cumberbireh's .1-1. NOTED QUEEN RAZOK, praised by all users, and guaranteed to ail the trade; cheapest yet produced.—Write tor prices to 27, ROCHDALE-ROAD, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. "Alter one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing ."—J. Mass, Ilelathorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Foison."—U. Cloox, Farmer. Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."--0. WILSON, Offord.—Send is Ed Ito SANFORD A SONS. Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Chemist..

4nfortilanousl on oalesl tic.

LIBRUINR Cure for Rheumatism, receipt 13 stamps.— PEARSON, 60, Sestet:id-road, Chester.

FATCHWORK,I7S Fancy silk pieces Is 3d free.-14NRIGHT 214, Essex-road, Islington, London, B.

DO4 FANOIRRS.—The Expell'm Worm Pills le per box. —Agent, E. LOCKwoOD, Oesett, Yorkshire.

100 IVORY VISITINa CARDS le, Agents wanted.— JACKSON. PriLter, Stony Stratford, Bucks.

ECZEMA, Psoriasis positively cured. Pills and ointment, 4s 6d iree•—lmut, 110, Leahurst-road, Lewisham.

NW COVERS 78 6d.Front Rim Brakes, 3s 6d ;Buk Wheel Brake, Ss 6d.—le, NARROW WINE-STREET, Bristol.

A NAHMIA Sufferers, sheer up. Send is King's Crystal Li Remedy.--Sleax KING, High-street, 'leddington.

A LL WOOL BUITIN4 SHRUB, Indigo dye. Suit length 1-1 10a 6d free—WILSON'S WAREHOUSE, Farsley, Leeds.

1 NUANDE.3CENT BURNERS, complete from la each ; Mantlel3s per dozen—CLARK, Borogate, Utley, Yorks,

DATCHWOIiK tiILKS, Velvets, Prints, etc., monster bundles is 4d'• HIGH•ST, liltham, Kent.

PPERFECT PHONOGRAPH, 78 6d, loud speaker, equal to one costing pounds.—TARRANT, Transfer-terrace, bwin- don.

MAIIIIIIID LAM is:S,COR RESPONDENT.—Send stamped address for particulars to Jars ii WILSON, Ider-grove. Sheffield.

CIONFEICTIONEKS Tftd.Dli IiIiCIPES for Sale ; lessons 4.-./ given ; distance no object ; pastries.-5, MILTON-BT.,

"SINAI," BY G.J. ; just the very thing for thosewanting appointments; post free 3d,—U'EMITER, 27, Chancery- lane, Loudun, W.U.

WALLFLOW n EtiS, Foxgloves, Carnations, Hollyhocks Columbines, Snapdragons, ls ,d SJ.—BLAcKGRovF: Feltham, Middlesex.

COAL DEALERS..—Extra strong coal bags, 1 cwt 5d _L net; write for sampie.—ALFRED B PTOTT, Cordon- street, Bradtord, Yorks. ABOX OF MAGIC CIGARETTES. causing rare fun for 111 54. P. O. or stamps--NOVLLTY UO., 2, Quilter- street, Barnet-grove. London. [ON DON WEEKLY PROPERTY producing about £250 a _1.4 year for 69 years. Price £9OO an no mortgage.—Apply 2, LONOBRIDGIu-BOAD, Barking.

QILK ROSH 11=1.15111011 given with every parcel lovely Yatchwork llk, I.OJ pieces la. 2c1.--11•14hLS, 57, roriunegate-road, Harleaden, London. N.W.

WOIULD'n best detachable Pneumatic tyres for Dunlop or Uiincher rims ; outer cover, 12s Od ; sole makers, bT, PETER'S,RUBBER 1 ORKS, Uaythorn, Manchester.

PRINTIiIU FRhd3.—Yrinta Black, (bold or AI nilver. Lead type compltte 90. Fountain Pena 15 6d. —HENRY HURT, 149, Blackfriara-road, Yarmouth.

HULIIB',S bteel and Pennyroyal Pills are the best, sold lu boxes, Is 14d, 2s Cci, and 4s 6d poss tree.—DuLzas; s.as., Chemists, Nottingham. Established 1660. 100 GOOD SOUND BULBS including hyacinths, tulips, narcissus, etc., each sort separate tor 2s 3d tree.-4LarivILLE, 103, nouthgate.road, Islington, Lcnaon.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & Ca,

PROPRIETORS OF THE !ARRINGTON AND MID•CRESHIRE EXAMINER. RARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, RUNCORN EXAMINER. WIDNES EXAMINER. ST. HELENS EXAMINER:

FLEPHONE, 355 y "EXAMINER" OFFICE

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ntlaantb.

W ANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, good character.— VV Apply Mies CloLLirs,Well Farra,Carrington,near Bale.

WANTBD YOUNG GIRL. as General or Mother's Help comfortable home.— Apply I.)o,leLixxost-no, Urmston

WANTED COOK-GENERAL E2O, also young General £l4 ; part wash ; good home —66,Bridge-st., Chester.

WANTED, good plain COOK ; also Nurse for one little girl.—Apply Mrs MachousAN,Grove House,Runeorn.

WANED, Good GENERAL SERVANT; one able t 0 wash and fond of children.-60, KENYON-BT, Ashton" under•Lyne.

WANTISD good strong GIibIEHAL for house work ; good home.—Apply, Mrs J. DRAPER, Post Office, Coppull, near Chorley.

WANTED, Strong GENERAL with good references; fare paid if stops three mouths.—Apply 2, OLD-ROAD, Dukinfleld, Cheshire.

WANTED at once Young GIRL for Blackpool, private I! house.--Apply after 6 p.m.,PicxFoan, Lance Cottage, Wavertree, Liverpool.

WANTED, experienced deneral SERVANT, age 25 to 35: --Apply Mrs. JOHN s.JARTwRIGHT, "Stonehenge,' White-road, Blackburil.

WANTED GOOD GENERAL for family of two; god wage to euitable person.—ElTaosf,lindicot, Rramnall lane, Bramhall, Cheshire.

WANTED GILL (15), to make herself useful ; good home two other servants kept.—Apply 14. ALBERT-ROAD Alexandra Park. Blanchester.

WCuOK.Unh.hscAl. ; also housemaid d an tkree good Generals, Good references.—Apply tarn WILD- ING. 47, Willows Lane, Accrington.

‘I‘T AMISH immediately COOK-CHINHHaL, £l7; House- maid, £1.4 ; good references; two in famdy.—Apply Mrs O'Cossoa, Fair View, St Annea-on-Sea.

To LET HOOD HOUSH and SHOP, Market Place, Hades- town.—,ipply JOHN LAMBERT, IiftrIBIHOWII.

QBfdl-DIITACLIED VILLA to Let; four bedrooms and bath.—Apply 'Xisomas Ileapirm,Orford-rd., Warrington.

11T ANTED. a steady Young MAN (to live in) as CARTER; used to larm work.—Apply to MA.TTHEWS, Little Sutton, near (Amer.

WANTED a CANVASSER and Collector for a Dentist for Barlestown and District; good commission.—Address 3 HEALEY, 187, T. aEORGE'S-ROAD, Bolton.

HOME WORK, either sex, good income, no canvassing or anything to learn but genuine indoor work. Stamped envelope.—VoxcE, Brook-street, taloucester.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT AUSTRALIAN REMEDY

VITADATIO

INJURED BACK AND KIDNEYS, AND KIDNEY

===== 0002601_19021003_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
AFFECTION

CURED

Dear Sir—Some two years ago I met with an acci- dent to my back, injuring my kidneys and affecting my liver, the result of this being that my health was completely shattered, and although I was under medical treatment for some time I despaired of ever enjoying good health again; in fact I became very despondent and even prayed for death. My weak- ness was so great that it unfitted me for work, but I heard of Webber's wonderful medicine " VITADATIO." and have taken six bottles, and it is with real pleasure that I inform you that my health is completely restored, and I am much stronger in body and able to do my work with pleasure, and enjoy life, which was Impossible before. "All thanks to Webber's VITADATIO." May many poor sufferers test and prove its value as a health restorer as,l have done. Qratefully yours, SILAS PERRY. 66, Lord-street Stockport, England, Jan. 17th 1900.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVER AND SIDNEY TROUBLES.

CURED AFTER 17 YEARS' SUFFERINCh

73 Egerton-street, Liverpool, October 26th, 1970. Dear Sir—lt gives me great pleasure to write and tell you of the lasting benefit I have received f•om Webber's VITADATIO. I have been a great sufferer from my Liver and Kidneys for the last seventeen (17) years. I was a real martyr to Indigestion and Biliousness, which for days, at certain periods, quite unfitted me far my business. I have tried various so-called remedies, only to be disappointed in tlae end with them all. Hearing from a friend of the many wonderful cures being effected by VITADATIO, I determined to give it a trial, and am thankful to say after taking a course of It, urn perfectly cured, and never felt better in health in my life. It is now fully five months since I gave up taking the medicine,and have had no return of my trouble, so I think I am safe in saying lam Cured. You may use this letter in any way you wish. Gratefully your.% WM. KITSON:

From all Chemists and Grocers liThe price of Medicine is 4s. 83. and 21. 9d. per bottle. For further, particulars,

S. A. PALMER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STEdET

===== 0002601_19021003_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER.

Corresponienee Invited, Write for Teetimoniale.

The London "Daily The Mines and the War, obeying the establishe, principle of sensational halfpenny journalism—that the public likes to be told as a fact what it desires to believe—has been circulating some very comforting rumours aboat the cost of the war. At one stroke of the pen,we are told, Mr CHAMBERLAIN is about to relieve the country of half the burden of the late war. No less than one hundred millions are to be inscribed in the national ledger as a book debt against the two new Colonies, while a loan of fifty millions 14 to be raised at once on the security of the mines - This really sounds most alluring. There is, to be sure, no reason why it should be false. The mine are quite capable of bearing even so large a charge as this. Mr HAYS HAMMOND told US in 1899 that as a result of the war they hoped to gain millions per annum in increased dividends. Net e penny of that unearned profit rightfully belongs to the financiers. It has been earned by the British people. Now this sum alone would suffice to pay the interest ou a loan of very neatly 100 I millions—if there were no ether new charges for the Transvaal to bear. But unfortunately there will be our vast garrison to pay for, including an expensive constabulary paid at the rate of 53. e day. Then salaries have to be found for all the young men from Oxford whom Lord MILNER has imported to rule the,country by theory and inspir- ation. IL fact, we are spending more under every head than the Boers did, except upon education. All this has to be paid for before a war debt can be thought of. But there is a yet more delicate question to be faced. Are we prepared to carry our Imperialism so far as to impose a tribute on a distaxt colony? Above all, are we ready to revive the situation which created the American War by imposing taxation without representation? Jo- hannesb-trg will not submit quietly to be bled iLk our interests, at the mere dictation of Downing street and Lord MILNER. it is easy to retort that it is only the mines and their cosmopolitan masters that will have to pay the tax. But it so happens that the people of South Africa also have their eyes on these mines. They want to use their superfluous; wealth for local objects—to build rail- ways, to irrigste the land, to improve educations and to finance the various schemes that will be necessary in order to repair the devastations and losses of the war. The moment we attempt te enforce taxation we shall unite South African opinion against ourselves, and revive the cry "Africa for the A.frikanders," which was so often on Mr. RHODES'S lips. Until he saw that he must call in the Empire to help him to crush the Boers, after his own Raid had failed, he was bent on the "elimination of the Imperial factor." Unless wo are very cautious we shall find that the war, instead of strengthening our position in that part of tho world, has made it quite impossible. Lord MILNO. will not succeed where GEORGE 111. Failed.

THE defence of the Edo.' The Beginning of the End. cation Dill, such as i

was, is visibly weaken- ing. It never excited enthusiasm save its a small and extreme clerical party. Popular support had none—no one, for example, has ever attempted to organise such a meeting to approve as the West Riding of Yorkshire arranged to attack it. But at length the revolt of the Tory party has begun in earnest. Now it is a prominent Liberal- Unio that, like MT. PITT LEWIS, who attacks it ; now a Conservative like Mr. SUTTON, the leader of

• , I) 1 11 1 ' . . • 'ie(l 1 ,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
1

he party in Reading; and at length even Bir- mingham has risen in the persons of some of the foremost of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S own personal ad- herents. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN himself, who seemed ready some months ago to defend the Bill in a half-hearted way, has written to a correspondent to explain that it is "not in his department.' When that astute electioneer abandons his friends the end has already begun. It is the history of 1885 which repeats itself. Most significant of all, however, is a speech by Sir W. WALROND, in which that ex-Whip turned Cabinet Minister assured his constituents he would faith- fully represent their views to Mr. BALFOUR, and then went on to suggest a compromise. Some sort of compromise is bound to come, but it will not be on Sir W. WALROND'S lines. He thinks that if Nonconformist pastors were allowed to give religious instruction to the children of Dissenters in Church schools, while Anglican clergymen were permitteA to invade the Board Schools, every difficulty would vanish. That proposal may be well meant, but it simply ignores the real objec- tion to the Bill. It would still leave a sectarian majority with the absolute control of the only school that exists in upwards of 8,000 parishes. It would in no way meet the real Liberal objection, that the Bill provides for the expenditure of public money with th 3 merest shadow of public control, and without the direct representation of the ratepayers. So long as this sectarian majority appoints the teachers and fixes every detail in the daily life of the school the atmosphere will be clerical. On the headmaster, as Sir JOHN GORST admits in an article in the "Nineteenth Century," not religious teaching only but the whole spirit and nature of a school depend." Whatever compromise may in the long run be accepted, the committee which appoints that headmaster must include at least a two-thirds majority of public representatives. Most of these may be Churchmen; the headmaster may always be a Churchman. There need, how- ever, be no fear on that score. There is no feud between Dissenters and Churchmen as such. What is intolerable is that a non-elected body which generally represents not the Church, but a narrow minority in the Church, should wield the power to perpetuate and disseminate its own bigotry and prejudice.

rA new Viceroy has entered Dublin in state, welcomed as an official by officials, but ignored by the municipality, which used to send its mayor to , meet his predecessors. Lord Roberts met with a ' kindlier reception when he entered Pretoria ; but then if Pretoria was under martial law, war was really in progress. Dublin, on the other hand, is subjected to coercion at a moment when her , streets are unusually crimeless. It is difficult to see anywhere a ray of hope. The idea of com- promise in the land war has failed, for the great landlords have one and all refused to have any- thing to do with the suggested conferences. And I now one cannot open a newspaper without reading of the arrest of some Nationalist Member of Par- liament. Conceive for a moment what the feeling in England or Scotland would be if in distriet after district the chosen representative of the people were to be arrested simply for uttering sentiments with which all of his constituents agree, and then tried without a jury by a removable magi- strate. The thing is inconceivable, but if it really occurred there would be a revolution. In Ireland it is an incident of the daily life of the people. It is interesting,in view of the fact that the Liberal League is for ever urging us to wipe the Irish Question off our slate, to find that a typical Con- servative life Mr Sidney Low, the editor of the k"Standard," has now begun to preach Home Rule L•V... in the pages of the" Nineteenth Century." One (,- could wish that Lord Rosebery were as good a 1 ? , Liberal as this Tory editor, who writes :—" It is ‘it impossible to contend that our present relations with the vast majority of the Irish population are ~ satigactory. We cannot go on for ever in the squalid quarrel, which threatens the Imperial P.' Parliament with a recurrent loss of dignity and the saaifice of such efficiency as it possesses • nor can we consider the material condition of Ireland, and the painful figures revealed in the last census • returns,as anything but a melancholy reflection on our capacity for statesmanship."

There can be no sort of doubt that the auttimn campaign on which Lord Rosebery and his friends are entering will be a purely sectional adventure. Lord Rosebery cannot complain that the party as a whole has turned a cold shoulder to him,or failed to give him opportunities for co-oporation. He was invited by the National Scottish Liberal Organization to address a great meeting in Edin- burgh, and refused. Again he was invited by a joint committee of the Liberal organizations of the four Edinburgh constituencies, and again he refused. And now it is announced that he will, after all, speak in Edinburgh, but under the auspices of the "Liberal League." Apparently Lord Rosebery prefers to be the undisputed chief of a schism rather than take an honoured place among the leaders of a united army of progress. But it is important that Liberals should realize how completely he has chosen to isolate himself, and how absolutely this deplorable result is of his own seeking.

"The custom of public-house treating is now justly held to be one of the chief causes of intem- perance in Ireland," says the rule card of St Patrick's Anti-Treating League, and the remark applies with equal truth and force to this country also. We have no such league here, but if there is a necessity for such an organisation in the " disthressful country" there is an equal, if not greater, need here. Treating is equally prevalent on the commercial as on the social side of life, and

in both cases it of ten does incalculable harm.

Many a young man has ruined a promising com- mercial career through falling a victim to the seductive good-fellowship which he imagines is in- here nt in treating. Lord Roberts himself showed L 1 s keen appreciation of the dangers of this harm- by habit our Soldiers commenced manifesto he issued at the time ceoseadrenced to return from the war. He was goodwill of the y earnest in his request that the public towards the " Tommies " should not be shcfvfuri had the treating, and we hope his warning the. effect of deterring some, at least, of those Should dduals cursed with this false kindness. We " welcome a branch England, for it is of the Anti-Treating Leagueueinan our firm belief that more done for the furthering of temperance in this direction than in would any other. The number of total abstainers ou increase rapidly once treating came into disfavour, and there can be no question that the anti-tr eat- lug movEment, new though it is, is phenomenally bright with possibilities for temperance. ---0.--. 4 TABLE & HANGING- LAMPS.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 65 Budge-street, IN arriogton.—Advt. r PUBLIC) BSNEFIT UNDER TEcE:OLOCKIFoR BEST BOOTS Dr LArsoe.SHlßll.—Advt .

CRAWFORD'S CREAM

UR A Cli]Eji

CRISP AND CREASF7

===== 0002601_19021003_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN REVISION COURT.

Mr D A Vaughan Colt-Williams attended at the Magistrates' Court House on Tuesday, for the pur- pose of revising the voting lists in the Aston-by- Sutton, Halton, Runcorn North, Runcorn South and Weston polling districts. Diem was a sitting of the Court both morning and evening. The business was purely formal. GOOD TRAIPLARY AT RUNCORN.

The Runcorn Forward Lodge 2444 held its weekly Session in the Ashridge-street Mission on Monday evening last, being opened bv the CT at eight. The programme for the evening was in charge of the Widnes Consolation Lodge. Songs, duetts and re- citals were rendered by Sisters Smith, Ashton, Prescott and Bros Smith and Jones. Refreshments were handed round, and a vote of thanks to the visitors brought the Session to a close. DISORDERLY HOUSE.

At Runcorn Police Court on Friday, before Mr F J Norman (in the chair) and Mr J Ockleston, Margaret Derbyshire, of Runcorn, was brought up on a warrant for disobedience of a summons charg- ing her with having assisted in the management of a disorderly house at 20, Regent-street, from April to September. Detective-Sergeant Gregory who apprehended the prisoner at Salford, and PC Bratt proved the case, and the women was Cam- mitted to gaol for two months. THE B. MI. C.

At the weekly me-eiingOi-&—above society,a de- bate took place between the members on the ques- tion "Should Britain be Americanized"? Messrs E Davies and B Eden took the affirmative and Messrs A Hayes and Harry Dodd the negative. A very good humoured debate followed,the various points being summed up admirably at the close by the chairman,Mr W Millington. A number of speakers joined the discussion, a very profitable evening being spent. FORTECO3I G VISIT OF Mu T BAnuun.

As will be seen from oar advertising columns, Mr Tom Barger, the popular entertainer, and his talented family, will appear at the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Monday evening, when the unique and refined drawing room entertainment entitled " Society and variety " will be presented. Mr Barger has gained a high reputation as a character comedian, elocutionist, ventriloquist, and protean artiste, and the entertainment is rendered addition- ally interesting by the other members of the family who are accomplished vocalists,comedians, &c.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WATRRMAN'S -SAD DEATR.

Mr R Dobson, district coroner, conducted an in- quiry at the Runcorn Police Station on Friday after- noon into the circumstances attending the death of Henry Owen, a Waterman, who lived with his stepmother at 93, Surrey-street, Runcorn.—Ann Owen, widow, 93, Surrey-street, said the deceased was her stepson and lived with her. He was 34 years of age. About 14 years ago he received an injury to his foot and had always complained of it. He complained very much last week. There was a big white blister on the foot and she treated it with poultices. He said the foot gave him a great deal of pain and he complained terribly of his head. He left home on Monday morning,but only worked for an hour. It took him an hour to walk from No Man's Land to his home. On Thursday night he rambled in his talk, speaking mostly about his work. His breathing was very hard. He got up at six o'clock on Friday morning and shortly after- wards went back to bed. She took him a cup of tea and he spilled half of it. She was downstairs when she heard him tumble on a chair, which he broke. She ran to him and helped him up. He staggered out of the room, and, slipping from her grasp, fell downstairs. He lay there face down- wards and beat his head on the sofa and table legs. He snored and foamed at the mouth. She tried to hold him, but could not. His 'sister went for a doctor, but he died a few minutes later. That was at twenty mitaLtes to seven. Detective-Sergeant Gregory said he had known deceased for about 10 years. He was a very steady decent man. Witness saw the body soon aft€r death. Over the left eye there was a large cut. The face was very much swollen underneath the right eye. The nose was bruised and black. There was a quantity of blood on the table leg. He had seen Dr Robinson, who said that death was caused by a fit due no doubt to the injury to the foot. The jury returned a verdict of "Death from natural causes"—The Coroner said that Sergeant Gregory bad asked him to say that there vvas no handrail on the stairs. A juror: There are a great many houses in Runcorn in waich the stairs are not provided with a hand- rail.—The Coroner: And elsewhere too.—Sergeant Gregory : These stairs are very awkward and steep.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. [BY' A CORRESPONDENT]

As will be seen from our advertisement columns, the annual distribution of prizes will take place on Monday at the Victoria-road Board School. It is to be hoped that Runcornians will note the fact and that there will be a good attendance. The Evening Continuation School, under the excellent manage- ment of Mr J F Moulton, are really doing a first class work in the town. They make a youth who has left the day school to keep in touch with educational matters at a critical period of his life and just when there is an exceedingly strong temptation,to let elementary learning drift into disuse and obscurity. Last sessiOn there were several middle aged men, whose learning had been neglected in early youth, who managed to secure prizes. This in itself is sufficient to demonstrate the value of the schools. Every educationalist must wish them a most successful session.

The Free Church Council, mainly owing to the energetic action of the Secretary pro tern Mr Walter Millington, is about to organize a series of meet- ings to condem the present Education Bill. I understand, further, that the electorate who will be supplied with printed circulars, are to be requested to write to Sir J T Brunner, the member of the division, urging upon him the necessity of voting against the third reading of the Bill. Now the Free Churcernen of Runcorn if they honestly desire to scotch this iniquitous measure must close up their knees. Let the weak-kneed ones return to their homes in dishonour or let them stiffen themselves back and act a part that will absolve them, even though the battle be lost, from playing the traitor to their children. If the timid ones are fearful let I them, for their own credits sake,keep their fears to themselves. It cannot be gain said that the time for compromise is passed. The boats have been buried and there cannot be any turning back. The unconstitutional attempt to trample on the liberties of the people, to institute a corrupt reigarhy composed of the priest and the aristocrat is in itself sufficient justification to resist to the bitter end even by unconstitutional means the pay- ment of the ' church rate." If the end be imprison- ment, or forfeiture of material goods it is only an incident similar to many in the long and stern his- tory of "Independency." If our principles, when put to the test are not worth suffering for,then we have no part or parcel in all those glorious reforms that have made England the England of to-day If Runcorn—a town which proudly beasts of its Nonconformity and of its Liberalism be now false

===== 0002601_19021003_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDA IC OCTOBER 3, 1902

to her traditions then the town cannot be reckoned I RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. to be any longer in the van of those who have pioneered the cause of liberty and reform.

Some years ago at an immense cost the Urban ounctl obtained an order sanctioning the provision f electric light power in the town. The Council ave not, however, yet moved in the matter and be order is on the point of expiration. It would be very interesting to know why the Council applied for the order, and have since refused though it cost a considerable sum to obtain permis sion, to lay aown an electric plant. Was it because the Council were afraid that some electric company might step in and intro- duce electricity, and that the gas works— & concern in which some of our leading Ituncornians are interested—would suffer, or was it because they leaped before they looked, and atter waras found, when considerable expense had been entailed, that the scheme was impracticable. I think more than one ratepayer would like to have these pertinent queries answered. Perhaps some gentlemen will be kind enough to lighten our darkness on this subject.

THE RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

fhe monthly meeting of the above authority was held on Thursday. Mr It H Posnett occupied the chair and there were al4o present :—Messrs D Bis- brown, M Sweetman, J 11 Saltkeld, J J Shaw, T Jones, E Imison, E Gatley, J Wilson, S Walton, E Marshall (secretary), F A Lake (law clerk), J Wild- ing (surveyor), Dr McDougall (Medical Officer).

rir COMMON ROAD. -PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS,

The Highways and Building Committee recom- mended tnat the tender of Mr James Mort,Runcorn, for the supply of six seats for Runcorn Hill and Weston-road, be accepted; that the road on the north side of the Common be made with the stones and cinders now on the Common and that gravel be placed on the walks, at a total estimated cost of L'2oo; also that tenders be invited for the supply of gravel; that the plan deposited by Rev J Chambers of anew school proposed to be erected in Windmill- street be approved. Mr Posnett moved the confirmation of the minutes He said that penionally it was with great satisfaction that the Highways and Building Com- mittee had decided unanimously to continue the work of making the Common a credit to the town. Those who were accustomed to make use of the Common knew that the road in winter was abso- lutely impassable. Mr Jones sebonded.

Mr Bisbrown said he had always opposed the spending of the money on the Common. And although in a minority he had not chan god his views on the question. It had been shown in Com- mittee that it was absolutely necessary to put the road into proper repair, because of its unsatisfactory condition. For that reason he would not vote against the motion. It was, perhaps, interesting Go note that already .£2,549 had been spent on the Common scheme, which, with the proposed £2OO, made a total of .£2,740. This sum, he believed, would really complete the scheme. _

lhe minutes were confirmed. A MISCHIEVOUS PRACTICE.

The Chairman said that the Surveyor had just drawn his attention to the fact that some two or three weeks ago a portion of the stone work &c., surrounding the pond at the park had been broken down and thrown into the water. Ile wished it to be known that if they had the pleasure of catching the culprits they would do mem the honour of showing them better manners.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

Recommended—that the salary of Miss Cameron assistant mistress, be increased to £4O per annum, to date from October 2nd, 1902, such salary to be increased .E 5 from October 15t,1903, with a further increase of £5 from October 15t,1904 ; that applica- tion be made to the Board of Education for their sanction to the appointment of Miss Cameron as Art pupil teacher in the evening school of Art. Passed on the proposition of Messrs Wilson and Gatley

===== 0002601_19021003_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED COUNTY SANATORIA.

I The Health Committee reported that the Cheshire County Council having furnished copies of confer- ence of local authorities with reference to the estab I lishment of Consumptive Sanatoria desire to be I informed whether the following resolution set forth at the end of the said report meets with the ap- proval of the Runcorn Council : Resolved—'• That in the opinion of this conference, but without in any way committing the several authorities repro- sented,it is desirable that a sanatorium or sanatoria I should be established in the county for the treat- ment of consumption and that the County Council should take the necessary steps under the Isolation Hospitals Acts, with a view to an order being made including all the sanitary districts in the county a hospital district, for the establishment of such sanatorium or sanatoria and at the same time obtain the consent of the Local Government Board to include " phthisis " as an infectious disease within the meaning of the Infectious Diseases Notification Act."

The committee recommended that the County Council be informed that this Council approves of the establishment of sanatoria for the treatment of consumption, but that details would have to be supplied before it could commit itself to any scheme.

Confirmed on the motion of Messrs Jones and Walton.

THE HALF-YEARLY PRECEPT.

The Market and Cemetery Committee recommen- ded that a precept be served on the Overseers of the Poor for .£165 for the six months ending 31st March next for the repayment of loans, and a pre- cept for ..£6O for Cemetery expenses for the same period; also that the Seal of the Council be affixed to such precepts. Mr Walton proposed and Mr &Way seconded the adoption of the minutes, which was duly confirmed.

THE COUNCIL'S JUBILEE CELEBRATION.

The committee appointed to report as to the cele- bration of the fiftieth anniversary of the passing of the Runcorn Commissioners Act, 1852, begs to re- commend: That a dinner take place on November 3rd. That the price be 5s each (wine extra). That it be limited to present and past members of the Authority, 1852-1902. That the officials be invited. That the question of a suitable memento of the Jubilee be left to the commit Lee.

The Chairman moved that the matter be relegated to the committee and left entirely in their hands, Mr Wilson seconded and the motion was adopted,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN ELECTRIC LIGHTING ORDER.

The Secretary read the following letter from the Board of Traae dated October Ist: Runcorn Electric Lighting Order 1899. Sir,—l am directed by the the Board of Trade to call attention to the above- named Order which was granted by the Board and confirmed by Parliament in the year 1899. lam to point out that by the Order it was provided that certain works should be executed within a specified period and that a supply of energy should be given throughout the area of supply on certain condi- , tions,but so fame the Board are aware no steps:have been taken by the undertakers to carry out their obligations under the circurc stances audit devolves upon the Board to determine whether the Order should be allowed to remain any longer in force. Before however proceeding to deal with that ques- tion the Board will be prepared to consider any representations which the undertakers may wish to offer in the matter. _

The Chairman: What we've been expecting for a long time. Mr Bisbrown : I gather from the tenour of that letter that the Clerk may apply for an extension of time

The Clerk: Yes. If you can show grounds for an extension of time they will grant it. That is what they mean. The Chairman moved that the matter be referred to the Highways and Building Committee, which was agreed Co.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ANNOYANCE TO PROPERTY OWNERS.

Mr Imison said he wished to draw attention to a practice which was becoming very prevalent in Runcorn. He referred to the chalking of public places in the town by mischievous boys. It was a practice which put Property owners to considerable expense. He asked that the Council send some communication" to the Superintendent of Police asking him to instruct his officers to keep their eyes open and to arrest anybody who might be found acting in such a manner.

The Council unanimously agreed to the pro posi- tion. This was all the businese,the meeting occupying about twelve minutes.

GOOD TE-MPLARY,

--- - The weekly meeting of the Good Templars being an open meeting to the public, many took advan- tage of it. A good programme had been got together for the occasion by the Secretary, which was as follows :—Two songs, Sister Williams ; recitation, Sister Naylor; song, Sister Owens; raading, Bro Williamson; song, Sister Bowler; reading, Bro Woods ;, song and recitation, Bro Rose; two songs, Miss Smith ; phonograph selections interspursed between ,the above by Bro Greening; "God save the King."

===== 0002601_19021003_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ELLESMERE STREET MISSION WARRINGTON.

Sale of Work.

With the object of raising ;' venm sufficient to clear off the existing debt on this mission for ground rent, and if possible, forming the nucleus of a fund for the building of a new chapel, a sale of work promoted by the " Charles Garrett" Temper- ance Union was opened in the mission on Thursday last week. The stalls had been very tastefully arranged and were laden with a variety of wares, the following being the stall-holders Temperance Union stall (ladies), Mrs Whitmor, and others; Temperance Union stall (gentlemen) Mr John Ellison and others ; flower stall, Mrs Fred Cox and others ; refreshment stall (platform), Mra Pendlebury, Mrs Sherburn, Mrs Wood,Miss Barlow, and Mrs Gregory ; children's stall, Nirs Williamson and children ; fancy stall, Mrs J W Moss. There was also a fish pond in charge of Misses Minnie Whitmore and Patty Taylor and an exhibition of curios under the direction of Mr Horton and Miss titregson.Mr R Wood gave character delineations and other attractions included gramaphone selections, instrumental and vocal music, and a galvanic battery. Mr Llewellyn had charge of the cloakroom. The sale was opened on Thursday by Mr J B Isaac, of Frodsham, Wr J Dodds presiding. After devotional exercises,

The Cnerneres, stated the objects of the sale, and Said he thought they were also met to promote a cause which woule commend itself to the warmest sympathy and most cordial support of all wile loved their fellow- men. The work of the temperance reformer could only be commended from whatever side they viewed it. To seek to prevent and to stem the tide of intemperance,to rid their country of its pernicious drinking customs, to I lift their poor fallen brothers and sisters out- of the power and tyranny of the drink demon and to place them upon the platform of redeemed manhood was surely a work worthy of their earnest and enthusiastic support. He hoped the ff ert which would be launched that day by his friend Mr Isaac and continued for the remainder of the week would be abundantly successful and that the result would encourage the members of the Charles Garrett Linton Co prosecute their endeavours with unfaltering will sod undiminished faith. In ark- ine Mr Isaac to open the sale the Chairman said he believed that gentleman was the frunder of the mission —(Applause)-30 successfully arried on there. He was also a gentleman who, for about a quarter of a century to his (Mr Dodds') knowledge had maintained the most honourable traditions of a Christian man of business and of worthy citizenship. He (the chairman) was glad to be asscciated with him and trusted thet he would long be spared to Warrington to help on every good work and to show what good men were. (Applause.) Mr J B ISAAC, who was warmly received, said he knew the Chairman had a warm heart for every good cause, and was willing to help those who helped them- selves,. That was what the people of Ellesmere-etreet Mission were doing. He need not say that it was a very great joy for him to come and meet his old friends and fellow-workers in that great and good cause. He felt touched to see the stability and firmness with which some of the young people had stuck to the work of the mission. Some had been engaged in it since its forma- tion ten or twelve years ago. Mr Isaac went on to allude to the commencement of the old Sunday school in Buttermarket-strret, which was the forerunner of the missfen,and to the outdoor services which'were held in th ' neighbourhood. At that time he did not think he should ever witness such a scene in the course of a few years as that which was presented that day. On looking round he saw the result, not of gifts of monied men, but the result of earnest, devoted, loving sacrifice on the part of those who had not a great deal of money, but had will- ing hearts. He need scarcely say that '.that was as ' glorious a work as it was possible to or gage in. He wished people would think about it seriously. They talked a great deal about patriotism and imperialism, but he said that the man or woman who helped to purify the neighbourhood in which he or she resided, and to raise the country in purity and righteousness were the best patriots that the nation could possess. Continuing, Mr Isaac said he thought the owners of cottage property n that neighbourhood ought to give a shilling each towards that sale of work. Owing to the work of that mission the landlords bad obtained better tenants, the rent was more secure, and the value of the property was therefore increased. Mr Isaac concluded by wishing the sale complete success. On the motion of Mr J BARLOW, seconded by Mr JAMES LINGAED, and supported by the Rey G El CAEN- SON (the new superintendent), the Chairman and Mr Isaac were zordially thanked for their services. In responding the Crreraineer expressed the hope that Mr ;Damson's ministry would be successful. The business of the sale was then proceeded with. The proceeds for the day amounted to £22 is U. FRIDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

On Friday afternoon the sale was opened ty Mr C E Parker. President of the Free Church Council, Councillor James Evans presiding. The CHAIRMAN said he was hoping that a better state of things might soon be reached in connection with the Church of Christ. He referred to the great interest ' which people took in snort, and said he supposed it cost something like £30,000 per week to " run " football in this country. That would be a considerable item for the Church of Christ if it were turned into that channel. He contended that if people gave to the Church accord— ing to their means there would be no necessity for bazaars and sales of work.

In opening the sale Mr C E PARKER said that of all the a:encies that were calculated to raise man there was no power on earth equal to the power of Christianity or to the love of Christ. There were many agencies and good works, to which he would wish " God-speed" affecting the surroundings and the circumstances of men and women. It was a very sad thing that as be got to learn more of Warrington be found :how the surroundings of the men and women and little children were of such a debasing and lowering character that there seemed little chance of much elevation. But there was no doubt that the power of religion went deeper into the nature of men and women that any other elevating force. With regard to the temperance question, there was nothing ;that stood more in the way of the onward march of our Lord Christ than intemperance. There waa a time, even in his recollection, when there was a lack of that unity of purpose, of work, and of effort between temperance , work and Christian work and Christisas were wont to say that temperance workers were placing temperance in the place of the Gospel. Happily that time had gone and it was now recognised that if there was to be effective Christian work the way must be paved by temperance work and the obstacles in the way of the spreading of the Gospelmust be cleared away before the Gospel could march onward to its full and final triumph. Mr Parker in conclusion wished the sale every success. On the motion of Mr SHERRI:MN seconded by the Rev R WiLiosts REES. a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman and to Mr Parker for their services, and the , sale was resumed.

Saturday was the concluding day of the sale of work promoted by the " Charles Garrett ' Temperance Union in connection with the above mission. The opening ceremony was performed by Miss Bessie Dutton, of Moore, Mrs Carnson, wife of the newly-appointed Super- intendent of the circuit, presiding. Miss DUTTON, said her duty was a very short but pleasant one. Those associated with the bazaar bad had many hours of work and bad made great sacrifices, but 1 they were glad that the result so far had been good. Those present were working very hard for their beloved little church. It was only a small building,but just as the friends at Moore likrd their little chapel there, so they in Warrington loved theirs, and realized what was said in the Psalms "I had rather be a door keeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tent, of wickedness." She hoped God would bless them more and more in their temperance work, as temperance was the best prepara- tion for the work of Godliness and bringing religion into the heart. She was glad to be present if only to wish them " Godspeed." It was with much pleasure she declared the sale of work open. (Applause.) Mr EDWARD HOUGHTON proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs Carps= and Miss Dutton for their services.

1 Mr CHARLES DRINKWATER seconded, and remarked that the friends in connection with the chapel were working people striving to work for God, and the present was a humble effort to get rid of the existing debt on the premises. It was very acceptable to receive the sympathy of those in a higher Btatiom in life, and it showed that the religion of Jesus Christ could make people humble. They hoped soon to have the present building re-placed by a substantial house of God. The motion was carried, and Mns CARNSON, in reply. said she was willing to do what she could for God's cause.

Miss DUTTON, in her reply, alluded to the everlastin Saturday afternoon football matches, which upset man things in these dais of traffic. She had that afternoo to travel in the guard's ran, for all the first crawl carriages were crowded, and there did not appear to be any chance of her reaching Warrington until the guard said she might travel in his van with two other people. The receipts on Saturday were £l9 153 Lid. which added to the first dav'e proceeds of £22 7d 4d, and second day's of £l7 17s 811. brought the grand total up to £6O 03 2d.

During the evening a message was spoken by Mr John Rama into the gramaphone to the Rev W Hollings- worth, who first proposed the sale of work, but who is now in the ministry at Garnish, Newfoundland, where the record will be forwarde d. The concert room was packed at every performance to hear this message re- produced and was the source of a large revenue.

LADIES' MARKET BASEETe—WILLIim BEMICK, 21, Buttermarket-street, Warrington .—Advt.

BLUE BELL POLISH and Synauz for Glossing— Wra BElwlc, 21, Buttermarket-ht, Warrington I Advt.. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AID SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. NOW'S YOUR CHANCE to secure Bargains in Boots at ALP TAYLOIt'a cale.—Aavt.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Annual Report.

The following report upon the Runcorn Technical In- stitute for the year 1901-2, was submitted to the Urban District Council at the monthly meeting on Thursday, by the Technical Institution Committee. Day School.—The number •of pupils attending the school at the commencement of the school year on Sep- tember 16th, 1901, was 79. In the Secondary School there were eleven girls and forty-six boys ; total fifty- seven. In the Preparatory form there were thirteen girls and eleven boys ; total twenty-two. For the corres- ponding term of the previous year there were 91 students. Of the 79 students nine held connty scholarships, 15 held local scholarships, six held Brunner third year scholarships, and 49 were paying students. Two students were presented last December in the Cambridge Local Junior Examination. One passed in honours, clots 3, and one satisfied the ' examiners. During the year Runcorn was made a small local Centre by the Oxford Delegacy. Thirty-one candi- dates, all students in the school, were presented for examination. Fifteen passed, being 48 per cent. ; one senior third class honours, four junior, and ten pre- liminary. On the suggestion of the Inspector a playing field off Greenwas -road has been secured and a fives court in the playground of the school has been provided. A room in the Institute has been set apart for the use of girls during the dinner hour or after school. The students' fees amounted to £295 7s id, compared with £377 7s 63 for toe previous year. The Board of Education's grant amounted to £329 3s 23, as against £331 03 93. Of this grant, £259 3s 2d was for the elementary courses, representing £5 for each student, and £7O for the advanced courses, repre- senting £5 16s 83 for each student. The grant works out at £5 3s per student on the whole of the Secondary School. The Cheshire County Council contributed £l5O being an increase of about £3O on their previous grant. Evening Science Classes and Art Schosl.—Science classes: The following science subjects were taught:— Applied meshanics, building construction, theoretical and practical inorganic chemistry, practical plane and solid geometry, machine construction and drawing, magnetism and electricity, practical mathematics, physiography and steam. Practical mathematics was substituted for pure mathematics at the request of a number of the science students. There were ten classes In the elementary stages of science subjects and five in the advanced stages. In the case of geometry the ad- vancea and honours stages were taken concurrently with the elementary in respect of two students. The percentage of passes is 63 compared with 34 for last year. It is gratifying to report that a student passed in part I. of the honours stage of chemistry and that one passed first class in the advanced stage of practical chemistry, one passed first class in the ad- vanced stage of machine construction and two passed first class in the advanced stage of magnetism and electricity. Sixteen obtained second class passes in the advanced stages of the foregoing subjects. The number of students on the registers was 172 as compared with 151 last year. One hundred and twelve students were examined and 63 were successful. Technology, Sao : Classes were held in carpentry and joinery, cookery, dressmaking. French and shorthand. One hundred and sixty students were on the register as compared with 125. The number examined was 81 and of these 67 were successful, giving a percentage of 84. One student obtained a first class in carpentry and join- ery. School of Art: The number of individual students was 48, The number last year was 57. Forty were presented for examination. Nineteen passed, giving a I percentage of 47 as compared with 22. Most of the students took freehand drawing of ornament only there being few taking model drawing, ' drawing in light and shade and the more advanced sub- jects. The total number of individual students in the , Institute was 314, there being 192 males and 122 females. Last year the total was 308. A gas engine and dynamo, with switch board and electric wiring and lights have been provided at a cost of about £l7O, for demonstra- tions in electricity, machine construction, applied mechanics, • Sze. Towards the above sum Sir J T , Brunner con:ributed £5O, the Highfield Tanning Com- pany £5O, and the Runcorn Co-operative Society £3 3s, the balance being a charge on the funds of the Institute. An honours board has been placed in the principal corri- dor at the cost of Sir J T Brunner. The grant from the County Council in respect of the evening work was £3lB with a further grant of £29 Oa 103 for attendances of students taking the advanced stages. The grant last year was £393. %This large falling off is due to the fact that the grant is made on the basis of population and the census of 1901 WAR used. The grants of the Board of Education were £65 64 103 for science and £35 19a 53 for art (£7B 7s 83 and £5O 184 63 last year.) The fees of the students amounted to £63 134, an increase of £2 18s 63. The gentlemen mentioned in last year's report who promised to contribute to the local scholarship fend have paid in their donations. The debit balance is now £lll 4s 63. Annexed is the statement of' income and expenditure and tables showing results of examinations. —JOHN WILSON, chairman ; E MansuaLL, secretary. A table follows showing the subjects taught and the results of the examinations. The statement of accounts for the year ending March 31s.t gives the following items :—Ezpenditure : By balance owing to treasurer, 1901, £37 23 43 ; salaries of teachers and officers, £1,052 is 63 ; apparatus and books, £53 17s 83 ; prizes, £l3 133 11d, and other items making a total of £1,617 03:5d. Receipts : To County Council grants, £497 Os 103 ; rate by local authority, grants—Day school £329 3s 23, science £65 64 103, art £35 195 5d.—£430 9s 53 ; fees— Day school £295 7s Id, science £3O 103, art £8 14s,other subjects £24 93.—£359 03 13 ; interest on investments of sinking funds, £4 53 63 ' • investment realized, £2O ; miscellaneous receipts, £1053 13 ; balance, £lll 4s 63; total, £1,617 03 sd. Mr Wilson moved that the report be adopted. He did not know whether it would be wise to say anything about the report with the exception that be was pleased , to announce that there was an increase of ten scholars in Use school.'

Mr Gatloy seconded and the minutes and report were confirmed. _ _ _

Mr Wilson moved that the report be adopted. He did not know whether it would be wise to say anything about the report with the exception that he was pleased to announce that there was an increase of ten scholars in the school.

Mr Gatley seconded and the minutes and report were comfirmed.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of the above authority waa held on Tuesday, Mr Pritchard in the chair.

THE AUDI TORS VISIT.

The Clerk said Ch-e-au-d-i-to—r;-h-adVisit-ed the offices and expressed themselves pleased with the accounts. SUMMARY OF ATTENDANCES. . .

_ The summary attendances of the various scho)ls was submitted, the Clerk remarking that in spite of whoop- ing cough which was at present prevalent the percent- age of attendances reached 88. The Chairman : Very good. Mr Handly : According to this report there are only places for five children in the whole town. Mr Imison : There will be 128 more next eek (referring to the alterations at the National Schools). Mr Handly : Jam only saying now. THE SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEEE'

At a meeting of the School Management Committee it was recommended that Miss Mary Hunter be appointed assistant teacher at the Victoria-road Schools at a salary of £66 per annum ; that the teachers salaries be revised according to the ' scale of the Board ; that the following teachers be appointed for the Victoria-road evening schools for the ensuing year :—Boys, Mr J F Moulton, headmaster ; Messrs A E Parr, w Vernon, and J Brown, assistant teachers. Girls : Miss Kilburn, head mistress ; L Wood, assistant. The Committee suggested that Mr J Pritchard be appointed lanteroist, and recommended.that the sum of £6 be expended for the evening school prizes ; also that the tender of Messrs W Farrell and Son be 9.f:opted for the fixing of the honours board at the Victoria evening school. A letter was read from Miss Bertha Wilson, asking for an appointment under the Board as assistant teacher when her studies were completed at the Hartley Institute, Smithtown. A petition was received from the certificated teachers employed by the Board praying for the adoption e a higher scale of salaries. It was arranged that a copy be forwarded to the members of the Board. A long discussion followed on the minutes, it being decided to add the words, respecting Miss Wilson's application, "It was dnidel to enter her name on the list of applicants." Mr Medley, in moving the minutes. pointed out that the revision of the salaries always took place prior to October. The salaries of the assistants of the evening school had been arranged as hitherto. Respecting the £6 for prizes it would not be a bad thing if they could Inaugurate a scholarship fuad which would enable suc- cessful students to prosecute their studies at the institute.

Mr Imisen seconded. He asked was it imraediately Intended to adopt Mr Handlev'S suggestion ? The a asked for would nay for forty pupils at the evening school. Why should they delay any longer and buy books to the exclusion of the practical advantage of free tuition at the evening school. After further discussion the minutes were confirmed, it being understood that the School Management Com- mittee would take the matter in hand.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Si. JOHN'S CHITHCHMOMPLETION FUND.

A social evening and supper in aid of the shove fund, was held in the Mission Hall, Earlestown on Thursday evening. There were almost 250 persons present. Dancing commenced at seven o'clock, Messrs Woodcock and Brown providing the music. At intervals the Rev J C Matthews sang "The Skipper "and " The Soldiers of the King.' A hot pot supper was provided at nine o'clock, and full justice was done to it. The arrangements were in the hands of Mrs Clayton, Mrs Brown and Mrs Naylor.

& Mail Carte at lowest cash prices-- J. S. CFA RL AxD,51,53, & 55. Bridge-st,.Warrington,—Ad

===== 0002601_19021003_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS,

Rugby Football.

[By Ovalist.] Runcorn retained their unbeaten certificate on Satur- day though they must be accounted lucky to withstand the continuous onslaught of the Warrington men in the second half. The "Linnets" were always tenacious, determined fighters,however, and in the past they have obtained all the possible points in many a game which they have had far the worst of on play. Such has been the case at Warrington, when by a sudden spurt and a smart drop kick the Runcormans have triumphed though apparently beaten. Nothing quite so galling happened at Wilderspool on Saturday, though I feared it when Jolley dropped for goal on the only occasion on which Runcorn reached the home quarter after half time. As a matter of fact there was no score, notwith- standing the great efforts put forward by both teams. It was a disappointment to the homesters for with the least bit of luck they would have won. It is not often for instance, that Fish misses two fairly easy goal-kicks when so much depends upon them, as he did on Satur- day. One little goal would have won the match, as anyone could see with the proverbial "half an eye."

Before the commencement the majority of the 6,000 people present would have laid slight odds on Runcorn seeing that they came with an unblemished certificate I and a full team, whereas Warrington's record was in- ferior, and the team was weakened by the absence of such men as Isherwood, Edmunds and Hallam The substitutes were all triers, however, and they acquitted themselves well. Isherwood's presence on the left would, I think, have made a big difference, for smart and plucky as Hockenhall is, he cannot play the centre game for Fish anything like so well as his skipper. Fish and the team are considerably reduced in effectiveness by the absence of Isherwood, who, it is fervently hoped, we shall soon have back again, notwithstanding pessimistic tarradiddles.

The game itself was fast and furious right through, as befitted a battle between keen rivals; and, moreover it was not a bad sample of Rugby football under the present touch-rule. There was a lot of touch-kicking and scrummaging, but the excitement attendant on all the operations prevented play becoming dull. In com- parison with the game as it might have been, however, there was much to be desired. But for Warringthn's determination to play the back game, and their persist- ence in running and passing,the match would soon have degenerated into a scramble, for the Runcornians were less inclined to open out. They showed their best form in the first quarter, when they quite over-powered War- rington with fine kicking and some dashing work both fore and aft. Once Knight, the home full back, had found his nerve, the team bucked-up in a fashion which kept Runcorn on the defence right to the end.

What bad luck the Runcornians had was in the early stages of the game when Jones got over the line after good passing—which was unfortunately forward—and Flanaghan lost a certain try through just failing to secure the ball before it rolled in touch at the corner. Harris was meanwhile full length on the grass as the result of a stumble so that the young "Linnet " would have had the easiest of tries had he been on the spot the hundredth part of a second sooner. From this point Runcorn had scarcely a look in.

Warrington's most surprising display was forward where the somewhat despised e ght showed what they really could do when nerved to the task. They got possession three times out of four and it was a distinct novelty for Runcorn to be so badly beaten in this department. Warrington certainly ought to have won considering the chances the front rankers provided, but , there was not quite the necessary smartness behind to overcome such a defence as Houghton, Jolley, Butter- worth and Co., set up. Burgess and Duckworth did not work well together—they never could—but each was good individually, the Flixton youth doing some exceedingly fine things. Dickenson was erratic when attacking, while Hockenhall and Fish made little pro- gress. Harris was by far the best of the home three- quarters, and against a leas stalwart tackler than Sam Houghton he must have scored two tries at least. His speed and dash are serving the team well, and he bids fair to have a most successful season, while Fish is handicapped sadly by the absence of his regular centre. Warrington's third line has by means got into its swing yet.

Hallam still holds aloof, and from what I can gather he is unreasonable. Moreover he is unwise, for Knight is coming on fast and in the second half of the game on Saturday he gave a really sound display which was not ' even inferior to that of Houghton, who seems almost as good as ever. Runcorn seem to me stronger in defence than attack,though Butterworth and Jolley still possess the knack of going for and getting near the line. Flannagan and Jones both did well, but they are hardly the equal of Fish and Harris. Walker was the best of a set of forwards who got badly left in scrum- mage work.

The Northern League table up-to date is as follows: Points. For. Agst. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. 0. T. P. P. Swinton Halifax 4 4 0 0 5 7 31 3 0 6 8 Runcorn Salford - . . . - _

Leigh 4301693924167 Bradford 4 2 0 2 6 8 36 5 4 22 6 Warrington 4 2 1 1 3 5 21 4 3 17 5 Broughton H Huddersfield ..... Oldham Wigan Batley Hull K Rovers Hull St Helens Widnes _ . . ..

Brighouse Rgs Hunslet

The Yorks clubs have made rather a poor start in the Competition, only Halifax and Bradford being included in the first eight. Swinton's record is easily ahead of any other, and their performance at Broughton on Saturday stamps the Lions as a team considerably above the average. Though 'tis early yet to predict the winner of the League tourney, I fancy Swinton will be in the running right to the end, when tliey should finish on top. The Rangers are their most serious opponents in Lancashire, Salford and Oldham both being considerably below par.

tlT'Fhe South West Lancashire League up to date is as follows : Points

P. W. L. D. For ngst [Pte. Warrington Runcorn 2.. 1 . 0 . 1 ... 10 ... 0 ... 3 Wignn Leigh St. Helens 1 ... 0 1 ... 0 ... 5 ... 18 ... 0 Widnes

Warrington have another stiff task to-day when they visit their keen foes, the "gallant youths " of Batley. Last year each side won at home, the margin of points being in favour of Warrington, though they were badly beaten at Mount Pleasant. This time, they say they are going to win both the encounters with the champion cup-fighters. Much of to-day's confidence is due to the fact that Isherwood is captaining the side once more, his injured knee being reported well again. This is joyous news to all supporters of the club, for "Dan "is as capable as he is popular. I hope he comes out of the fray safe and sound, for with his regular assistance Warriugton are certain to make a creditable show this season. Duckworth has been dropped, and Hockenhall will partner Burgess behind the pack. These two work as well together as any pair of halves Warrington could select.

The team will be : Knight, full back ; Fish, Isher- wood. Dickenson and Harris, threequarters ; Burgess and Hockenhall, half backs; Boardman, Taylor, Morrison, Roberts, Edmondson, J Swift, W Swift, and Forster forwards.

To day's engagement is the first of three succes- sive ones away from home, Salford and Halifax being the other two, so that Warrington fairly have their work cut out for the month of October. Leigh at home is the final match of the month, and on this day it looks likely that Warrington will have their hest men repre- senting their county against Cheshire. Pessimists may say that Warrington will get no points this month, but I hope for something much better than that. The result of the game at Batley to day will be very significant as regards the possible fruits of the month's work,

One of these days we shall see the Warrington team in all the glory of new jerseys, for they have been on order some time and are expected "every minute." The new jersey is in the style I sugg,estsd a year or two back—i.e. the same colours with the bands running round the chest, instead of downward. Warrington Will, I am sure, look a vastly smarter lot when the new "togs" come.

The teams for the Lancashire County trial match have been picked, and no fewer than three Warrington men appear among the probables, viz., Dickenson and Fish, threequarters, and Boardman forward,while Harris is among the reserves. The intention is, apparently,to play club-mates together in the centre and wing posi- tions, which is, perhaps, the best way of securing effectiveness. .So far, however, Dickenson and Fish have had very little experience of playing together,and what little they have had has not been altogether a success. If they are to shine on behalf of the county they will require to play together a time or two for Warrington. As a rule though, Dickenson goes too much "on his own " to 'be the right man to accompany Fish,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Athletic Club.

The above club commenced the season on Saturcla7 last when eighteen members turned out for a run front headquarter. the Bridge Inn.) As it was the first run this season the trail was dispensed with,all the runners turning out in one pack, R Price acting as pace and Mather (captain) whipper in. The course taken was through Arply fields, Walto a and Moore, and then back by way of the Ship Canal to the Stag Bridge. The pack then made straight for home down the New Road and after a spirited run the first to arrive was H Hil/ followed by J Hall and R Price and J Phoenix fourth. The members of the above Club (amongst whom are the most noted athletes in the district) have had a most successful season on the path the number of prizes they have won being 43 of a an aggregate value of £lBs.They have every prospect of doing better this season as in addition to all the old members over twenty new men have joined the Club.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT IN PARR HALL.=

The second annual concert given by the War- rington Apollo Male-voice Choir in the Parr Hall on Monday evening attracted an audience which filled the building in every pert, the performance of an interesting programme under such circumstances, thus fitly opening the winter's musical:season. The concert was chiefly noteworthy as marking the progress made by the choir during the past twelve months. It was most refreshing to notice the great improvement which has been effected in this interval in the choirs quality and balance of the tone,the flexi- bility of the massed voices, and the degree of their responsiveness to the baton ; and the joint conduc- tors Messrs Harry Berrey and Tbos Brough are to be warmly: congratulated on the success of their efforts to achieve results so creditable to one and all—a success amply attested by the fact that the choir has won prize distinctions in several recent competitions. What is now to be guarded against is, rather a tendency to go to extremes in the observance of certain marks of expression which by being interpreted too literally defeat in a measure the purpose intended and affect the listener disnleasurably as harsh contrasts always .do. An instance of such inartistic exaggeration may be cited in the choir's rendering oF "Watch her, kindly stars " where a climacteric crescendo is abruptly followed by a aeries of pointed syllables sung pianissimo. But what was more than any- thing else conspicuous in the choir's singing is Lb e evidence it gives of a deeper and more intelligent insight into the pieces attempted. In the perform- ance of the part song already named as in "Annie Laurie,"" The Spartan Heroes" and "The Comrade's song of hope," there was much that was highly praiseworthy,the earnestness shown in these pieces demonstrating that the choir is working on right lines, and that to excel in style and method is the one thing for which all are striving. It is not sur- prising tnat the audience was frequently enthusi- astic,in expressing approval of these good things to the extent of occasionally demanding repeti- tions. Mr. Berrey's Operatic Company collec- tively distinguished itself in some familis yet interesting excerpts, but, individually as soloists, some of its members were less satisfactory. Mr Berrey himself evinced good musicianly qualities in his song" The Sailor's Grave," and in " Mary of Argyle" given in res- ponse to an encore, and Miss Annie Dennett like- wise proved herself a competent and tastetul vocalist in her rendering of a somewhat unworthy theme "The songs my mother sang." Nor would Miss Ethel Parr have been less successful in " Killarney" had she but opened her mouth wide enough, failure to do so seriously handi- capping vocal effort, otherwise promising if not entirely adequate. The male soloists Messrs Hareblett and Topping were chiefly disappointing in that the singing of each was tame to a degree. For a doleful rendering of "The Curfew" something might be said, though there seems nothing intrinsi cally gloomy in the sentiment of this good old song, but why so rousing a song as " The King's Champion" should be declaimed in so spiritless a fashion passes one's comprehension. Mrs Berrey bore the brunt of accompanying skilfully and with appropriate unobtrusiveness, ?being most ably assisted in this :arduous task by Mr Albert Trow. As the inevitable humourist at this class of entertainment Mr Wilson Black- ledge did the best possible in mightily pleasing the audience in a number of sketches, the wit and humour of which, if not very profound, was at least innocent and sometimes illumined by flashes of spontaneity.

PRESENTATION TO A 'FORMER BARLESTOWN CRICKETER.

News as to the doings of Mr F P Clare, who for so many years performed yeoman service for the Earlestown Cricket Club, is always welcomed by local enthusiasts of the summer pastime. Mr Clare left Earlestown a few years ago, and has since been playing with Nantwich C.C., who are members of the North Staffordshire League. During his first season with the Cheshire Club he was well placed on both the batting and bowling averages, and he has gone on steadily improving until last season he was one of the most prominent members of the eleven, in fact he came out top of the batting aver- ages. For that performance he was last week pre- sented with a bat given by Mr Travers Pickmere (of Nantwich), the prize having been offered at the commencement of the season. The presentation was made at a supper held at the Wilbraham's Nentwicb, about 50 sitting down to an excel- lent repast provided by the host.Mr G Harding occupied the chair, and presented the bat to Mr Clare. He said none could forget Mr Clare's remark- able efforts when such a sensational victory was gained over their keenest rivals, Crewe Alexandra. On that occasion, he obtained six wickets for eight runs, truly a splendid achievement. For that accomplishment Mr Clare received no prize but that incident would never be forgotten by those whe were followers of local cricket. He had great pleasure in asking Mr Clare, to accept the bat which he than handed to him. On the bat was the following inscription on a brass plate :—" Nant- wich Cricket Club. Presented by Travers Pickmere Esq., to T P Clare for the highest batting average 1902." He hoped to see Mr Clare often using it and making some good scores With it.—The rest of the evening was spent in the usual manner,songs being rendered by the musical members of the company As is well-known in Earlestown, that Mr Clare has anlexcellent tenor voice and daringithe;evening be sang" Mary of Argyle " and " l'll sing thee songs of Aralry," both songs being loudly applauded.

SHOCKING CASE OF OVER-DRIVING NEAR WARRINGTON.' At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, on Wednesday, Charles Reed, of Liverpool, was summoned for ill-treating a horse by over-driving it at Riaton on September 9th—P.C. Clarke stated that at 9.30 p.m. on the date in question be saw a brown pony attached to a cart standing in Manchester- road, Rixton. Defendant and two other men were asleep in the cart. Defendant said he could not get the old horse any further. It was •• done up." The animal, which was very old, was bleeding from the mouth, owing to the bit jagging, and was standing on three legs. It was sweating very much and seemed to be completely exhausted. Defendant said he had driven the horse too hard. Me was driving it from Liverpool to Manchester with a load of furniture. He added that the animal was thirty years of age, and it had not been in a stable since leaving Liverpool. It had been on the way nearly forty hours. Witness told the deiessdant to take the horse to a stable, but it was so weak it could not draw the vehicle into the yard, and had to be pushed in. Witness subsequently saw the owner of the horse, who said he did net want the defen- dant to take the horse, as it was not fit for the journey._ Inspector Print, R.S.P.C.A., said he examined the animal, which was very aged awl in moderate condition, on Septem- ber 10th. The collar was still wet with perspiration, though it was 24 hours alter the offence. When the horse was abnroduwghetakonuetssoef every reeledssttaebpleititwent. I t fI COCnnil was so lame,—The Chairman (Captain Withington) said the ldttter scarcelyeshwaualskti. exhaustion Bench considered this t very shocking case, and they would , not be doing their duty if they fined defendant anything less than 20s and costs, or one monthes Imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
TIME IS A GREEN SPOT

NOT FAR AWAY E.MI WHERE YOU CAN GET ALMOST ANYTHING FOR THE HOUSEHOLD ALL GOODS BOUGHT FOR CASH AT LOWEST MARKET PRICES ALL GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH THE CHEAPEST SPOT FOR YOU THE " SPOT " SHOP THE " GREEN " SPOT SAM N. GREEN WHOLESALE AND RETAIL • IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MAREET, WAHRINOTON.

PRESENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTIO-1

USEFUL AND LASTING. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYI3ODY. CUTLERY, POCKET_ KNIVES, ELECTRO-

PLATE. TOYS. FANCY GOODS. BEST GOODS. REASONABLE PRICES.

For Value cannot be equalled. 2D. IN EVERY 1/- SAVED TO YOU 3

,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
•

1 ! 1 ' ', i, i .: ..:,

I

===== 0002601_19021003_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH YOUR A.TTENTION.

Every nerson'a future is to a certain extent in hie own hand. Many a future which might have been brilliant hae been darkened by lack of timely preparation to meet the exigencies and changes which occur in every day life. Many a home which might have been gladdened by life and health, and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly pre- ventable. Neglect now may mean a broken constitution to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are, indeed, few that do not feel the system needs recruiting after the trying feeling of lassitude, with others, "not qeite up to the mark," " a sort of all over sinking feeling," "too weak to do anything about the house,"" these recurring headaches," " no appetite for my food." etc. These.. and a dozen others, are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of eshbliqbed reputation and of proved virtue. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful at Gwilym Evens' Quinine Bitters ; it has never been known to fail. It's always the sum, there can be no mistake about it. The careful preparation and a manipulation of manufacture under the meet stringent rules, assures the certainty that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The Veeetable Tonic, is always efficaeioue and genuinely succeseful in all cases of Indieeetien, Wesknese, Nervous- Low Spirits. Sleeplessness, Dyspepsia, Liver Coin- plaint, Neureleia. and influenza. We claim that Gwilern Evans' Qeinine Bitters is a General Benefactor oft Suffering Rumanitv. Hundreds of testimoaials prove thie, cominee from all ciVIRPS of the community. Pain is no respecter of persons, he advised, try Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters, a sever Agn remedy for various ail- ments, for rich and poor alike. When you buy Gwilym Evans' Qeinine Hirers, yen get what y-el think you get, absolutely the Tonic of Nature's own providing, com- prised of the beneficient pronerties contained in Fier- selearille. Saffron. Gentian. el Irdock. Lavender, and Dandelion in addition to Qeinine. It is not so mw.h what 70U pay for a thing, hut what you ce f what you par. Don't listen to the" Jost as geoi " argu- ment, there is no yonio " Just as good " as Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters, it stands senreme. To prevent dieappointment, ahove all things see that 7011 get the right article, with the mime G wilem Evans "on Label, Stain", and Bottle, without which none is genuine. Sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 91. and gs. 61. each, but should any difficulty be experienced in procur- ing Hwilem Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will he forwarded carriaee free, for the above price, by the Sete Proprie- tors : The Quinine Bitter% Manufacturing Company, Limiter]. Llenelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

HveltiEse fil/loonlif6 A Waßatawro7l,—A INTUR RD. James Chadwick, a respectable young man residing at 163, Liverpool road, appeared befere the Warrington snwrietrates en Monday to answer to a sumnonns charging him with dis- charging a firearm at Atherton's Quay on September Bth, to the danger of pasaengees.-111r Steel appeared for the defend- ant who pleased gulitv.—Tbe Chief Constable said this affair was rather deplorable, but happily it Was net so lamentable as it might, have been. It Was the usual storg of the poring fellow—the toy pistol—the victim—police court proceedings. The defendant, aleng with two or three girl companions. Was going down Atherton's Quay towards Messrs Monks. Hail ani Comnany's works, where they were all employed. When near the bedstead works, one of the girls said : "Hello. Jim, how are von ? " Waft made some laughing remark, and lifted alp that diabolical little thing. which was more dangerous than a Hanger revolver, drew the trigger —there was a flash—a report—a frightened girl—three skirts pierced—a wound en the thigh. The girl did not think be had done much harm and worked all the afternoon, but felt considerable pain. he did not attach much Importance to it, as she worked all day and part of Friday, when the pain became worse. She then went home and told her mother, who had an inter- view with the defendant. He became very :nisch alarmed and distressed about the result of his foolish action, and he took the girl to a doctor: The doctor said he dild not care to , examine the wound and told her to go to the Infirmary. She went there end the doctor at first thengot the missile had entered the II ssh and Was still in the wound. That happily, was not the case. The doctor dressed the wound and sent the girl home. The nein beeame still worse and the notice Were informed. P.O. Woods saw the girl and teak her statement. He afterwards saw the young man, Who expressed very sin- cere anntritien for whet he had done, and after sortie delay gave the piste! no. He (the Chief Constable) had tried the pistol. and standing about four yards from a board—the dis- tance the defendant was from the girl when he fired—he fired, and the lanllet went abseil through the hoar-I. It W 43 a very dangerous toy. In fact it was not a toy by any .3188.13 it wasa firearm —a deadly weapon 'll far as the police centd assertain by the mast searching inquiry.riefendant absolutely had al serious motive for firing. There was no two hatred, or jealousy, It was purely the act ed a foolish Vonag man acting under the impulse of the moment.— Mr Stool said he bad been instruete 1 to (storms deeniant'e very deep regret that he shonti have been se (gothic ant thoughtless He (Mr Steel) did not nnderstand what young fellows wanted with toys of that description and he thought legislature ought to stets in and require that persons ettoold be licensed to sell such things. Hs understood that daring the progress et the late war a great many of those kinds of pistol* had hen sold to young fell...fn.—The (Wet Comstable said Mr Steel's ercoression of opinion had Ws eotire eonnur rence.—Mr Steel ad led that defendant was a young man of exemolary eiaracter and had been id the employ of Masers Honk., Hall and Company for a considerable time. He Was a regular Wender at Sankey Bridges Vresievan Chapel and a member of the Sandal, school. Since the 'wident defendant bad enffered great Mental punishment. His mother said he had been linable to eat er sleeo.and he had follow td his work with difficnity He (Mr Steel) honed the Reneh would deal leniently with him The magistrates dismissed the case on payment 0! costa (13s 6d).

===== 0002601_19021003_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

IffloNnAlt.—Befema I.tr P 'Wanks (In thl chair). nonacillor Sme'linrst, and Messrs Meehan, Wright and Thortaton.

, P 110,4 TEM BAST ICNO OF GlNDeN.—William Tamer, a stranger to the town. WAA charged with belay a casual in- mate of the Warrington Workhouse. and refusing ts perform the task set him by the master. He was further charged with damaging three blankets esti a Pane of glass to the extent of Mi.—John Constab'e, the porter at the workhouse, stated that the prisoner was admitted on the 26th September and refri'el to perform the task set him. He again refused to work on the following day. and it was found thlt he had smashed a pane of glass and torn tbres blankets.—The Chief Constable said the prisener was a native of the East Bud of London. He was a worthless and precocious lad, and refused to give any account of himself. He was oae of the submerged tenth —The Chairman said the Bench were determined to support the Guardians it oases of this kind and the prisoner would go to gaol for three months. Siror-ilar.S.Kv:R SET TO GioL.—Andrew Clancy. a Young man living•at Dakin's-court, was charged with stealing from the shop of William Gandy. Itersey-street, two pairs of Clog of the value of Ts Id.—He pleaded guiltv.—The Chief Con- stable remarked that the prisoner should have been charged with burglary. but in order that the case could be dealt with by the magistrates that morning. and to save expense and loss ef time, a charge of felony only had been preferred. At a quarter to eleven o'clock on Saturday night Mr Gandy closed his nremises. His son slept there. At a quarter to on Sergeant Barnett was some distance from the shop and heard the Crash of glass. Ile ultimately saw the prisoner walking away from the ntembses with something bulky under his arm. He hastened after him, and the youth thereupon ran away. After a long chase the officer caught him. It was found that he had kicked the window in and abstracted the clogs. While running ewev he had dropped the clogs one by one.— Sergeant Barnett sail the prisoner had had some drink, but was qnite sober. Ile polled the shutters down before breaking the window.—Prlsoner said he was" skenning drunk" at the time—The Chief Constable said prisoner had been before the court several times previously.—lie was now sent to gaol for a month. MINOR OFFENCEg.—George Caldwell, farmer, Martlascroft- lane, was fined ba and costs for having been drunk while in charge of a horse end furry in Satterinarket-street on the 2.3 th September—William Longshaw, Mill-s-rest, was sum- moned for causing an obstruction in Rylands-street on Sep- temblr 21th.—Sergeant Smith sail the defendant had a handcart standing in the street for 30 minutes. Complaints had been received about carts standing outside the theatre, and it was an intolerable nuisance. -Defendant was fined Is.

breken—Fiaed £1 including ceets.—Mr Lowryoupervisor of the Inland Revenue Dietriet of Cheeter,proseented.

A PUGILISTIC WOMAN.—Nellie Rose, married woman, was summoned by Grace Jane °roses for assaulting her on the 26th September.—The evidence showed that the parties were in a neighbour's house when the defendant was told by the centolainant to mind her own business. In reply the de- fendant struck the aomplainant;on the eye and also violently assaulted her at a later date.—Fined 21 Wending costs. The Defendant : I'll pay at Vother end. Sent to gaol for 21 days accordingly. MISCHIEVOUS Boy.—Three boys named Albert Gibbons. Charles Munroe, and Thomas Griffiths were summoned for shooting with catapults on the 20th September.—P 0 Nicholls proved the offence, stating that a good many complaints had been received owing to the conduct of the defendants and that considerable damage had been done by thorn. Gibbons was the ringleader of the lot.—Gibbons was fined 7s 6d including co.ts and the other boys 55 each. OBSCENE lANSHISATE.—Frederick Bushell was'sfined Ms including costs for using obscene language on the 13th Sep- tember.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDA.T.—Before Messrs F. J. Norrnin (in the chair) and E. 'nits=

3CRY Lterg.—Mr Robinson,assstant overseer for Aston Grange, Alston by Sutton, and Sutton, presented the list of persons qualified to serve on juries for the townships ; Mr Rowlands, assistant overseer, presented the list for Clifton ; Mr Woodier for Halton and Stockholme ; Mr Jeacock,Norton; Mr Sutton, Runcern ; Mr Collier, Weston. KEEPING AN UNLICENSED Duo—John Edwin Aston, Beaconsfield House, was summened at the instance of the Excise Authorities for keeping a dog without a license—Mr. Donnejlan, EiXcisto Officer, stated that he called at defendant's house and ascertained that he had a dog about twelve months old for which he bad not paid a liceuse.—The defeedaut said Ise found the dog and intended to take'out a license for it. It had Since been sold by him to Mr. Harvey, a Widnes pawn.

fed.”

" Girls must be well

"Between the ages of twelve and sixteen girls deyelop with great rapidity, both tnentall7 cud physically. The body must be well supplied with the materials out of which to manufacture energy and the elements of repair int other words; girls must be well fed."

DR. ALICE M. HART

("Dies in Sickness and Health"). "FORCE" feeds well both the grown and the growing.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessons,

TUE3I)AIt. —Before Bles3rs Jahn White (presiding) and J

Xnowif;s.

ALLwGiTION AGAINST A --C-ei-NET-2:BLE.—JOhn Bate, veterin- ary surgeon. Suttoe Weaver, was summoned for riding a bievele without having a lighted lame attached to it at Whitley Superior on the 13th Soptemher.—The defea lent pleaded not guilty. —P C Lnethnr stated that he was in Grimsditch road at 9.35 on the night in question aad saw the defendant onmiag along the roll riding a bicycle. Be hat no light. When he CAME) up h 3 told him to dismount. The bicycle skidded and the defendlat fell off into the hedge. When he got up he used very had language to witness. Mr Bate had been spiteful to him since a previous report against hlm.—Br Mr Linaker, who appeared for the defendant : He saw the defealant when he was 21, yards away. He did not knock the defendant off his machiee and had not toll a Mr Mounflell that he rill net 'stead to take proceeding against him.—A. labourer named Thomas 54 sci4oCk said he saw Mr Bate on the night In questioa. It was a moonlight night.— Mr John Bite, the defendant, said he had boon mating a call at Mr Fairhurst'e, Whitley. His cycle lamp bad been burning since lighting-up time, and as he did not thlak it would last out be asked Mr Fairhurst to lead him one. He did so and it was lighted and put on the bicycle. Mr Fair- burst's was only about half a mile from where, he alleged, the constable knocked him eff his bicrle. Th light was horning and it had only been lighted five rninntes before.— Two others named Basnett and Mounfield came up and the officer walked AW_y. The lamp was warm when picked up. —Furthereviden; e was given and the case was dismissed. Minna OFFEN ea ES.—For allowing their dogs to be at large without collar or muzzle the following were fiaed : —Lester Harwell. Walton, 5s ; George Robert RI Wards Is 6d ; Thomas Davies,Grappenhall 2s Bt.—Samuel Holt. of Wirrington was I fined 5s and nests, for furiously driving a horse at Latchford I on Augast 22n4, ea the evidence of P C Williams.—For a similar offence at Stretton, Nathan Lloyd was fined ss. John Russell, Stretton. was ordered to nay Sc for using obscene language, and John Madeley was fined 5s and costs for drunkenness at Whitley Ilferier.—Harry Beckett, Latch- ford. Thos eastwood, Liverpool-roa 1. Warrington. were sash fisted Is 61 for not haying a lighted lamp attiehei to their bicycles : and Samuel Lewis, of Whitley, was fined 5s for not having a light on his vehicle.—Geerge Knight. Frederick Sankey,Llf red Johnson, Alfred Moorfield and Percy Williams, all of Walton, were fined Is 61 each fa- obstructing a foot- way at Stockton Heath.—For &nuke:lams ael dlsnrderly conduct on September 29th Edgar Pearce was fined 10s and Costs. —Roth Hughes, Scheol-yard.Stonkton Heath. was filled 35 64 for allowing the chimney of her dwelling-honse to be on

FARMER FINED FIR THEFT Or C ,11N —l.lFr ad Jeffs,farmer, Little Leigh, was shared with stesling from the farm of Frederick S Platt, Little Leigh. between the 25th and 20t1 of August. a quantity of oats of the value of 103.—Mr Browne on behalf of the defendant, pleaded not guilty.—Hyideact was giVet to the effect that defandaat was seen is prisoner's field by P.C. Crowther at 4.10 en the morning of August nth. Prosecutor had traced corns of his corn across the field to defendant's premises and sense straw alleged to be- long to the prosecutor was fonnd in defendant's stable—Mr Browne, for the defence, called the defendant, who denied having taken any corn frern Mr Platt's field. He had had perntission to Re across it. The sergeant told him that if he did not confess he would lock him rip—Mr Browne sub- mltted that the case had nor been proved. The police had admitted that they had net seen the defendant take anything The Smyth would not convict en suspicion, and there was no evidence to prove that the defendant had takea the *torn. The defendant bad lived in the district for 12 years—After a consultation, the Chairman said the defendant would be fiaed gl and costs.

CnnELTY To Honsza.—Thomas RlStaTe, PreAAR Brook was charged with ill-treating a horse by (musing it to be worked whilst ha an unfit state between the Bth and 12th September, and Alfred Lawson, Runcorn, was charged with working the same. Mr T 8 Steel, of Warrington, appeared for Hostage. and Hr Preston (Messrs (rundy, lierShaW, Samsel, and Co ). represented the Manchester Shio Canal Comnany, the owners of the harse.—lnepecter Print, of the A., said that on the 12th of September he was on duty in Chester-road, Latchford, where he saw the defend. ' ant Lawson, leading a black gelding with harness on. The, animal was very lame on the off fore limb from ringbene. There WAS great heat, and it was also enfferiag on the near hind limb and on the off bind limb from spavin• The defendant said he knew the horse was stiff, and it had been so for a month. It was the Ship Canal Company's horse. The animal started from Morale), on the Bth Inst., for Rancor's ant Preston Brook, to whisk , place it belonged. Witness told the defendant to take it to the u• t statlee. Re di o. and en Saturday It was Idlled by ths orders of the company's veterinary anrgeoa. The defendant*Rnstage told him he had sent it with a load of 31 or 41 tons for Stockton Heath and Wersley.—Hr Steel said wheu tha istspector saw the horse it was going " ever:and' and not working, —P C Williams nrroborated the inspector's statement.—Wr Steel submitted that ltustage WAS not responsible. The horse was all right when it left him, and he could not be held liable for its being sent oat from any of the other stations in an unfit condition. He ought. there- fore, to be discharged. His station was Preston Brook,and the horse left there on the lath inst. The inspector only saw it when it was returning and had passed through the other stetions for which his client was not ratponsihle.—The de- fendant itu,tage Was called and oorroborated this statement. —William ThornbalLemployed at the Preston Brook station, said the horse left there on the Sth Inst. and was then no more lame than he (witness) WAS:—Mr Preston said the Ship Canal Co admitted it was a proper case to be brought for- ward, but it was the result of a mistake all through. The animal was 14 years old and only intended for light work. It should have zone to Preston Brook.and no f nrther,but through sorne mieunder,tanding it bad gone the whale of the journey. —Sir Wolstenholme.veterintry surgeon to the company, said that in his opinion the horse could do light work without pain when he saw it. It was an old animal and stiff in the joints.—The Bench dismissed the case against Rnstage and said they were willing to acceot the statement of the com- pany that it was a rnistake.—Gawson would be fined in the Costs.—Thomas Wright, High Legh. was summoned for ill- treating a h-Tte by working it whilst in art unfit state on the 17th September. He oleale I gAiltv.—P 0 Willi-trot said he saw tha defendant at Grappanhall. lie was driving a bay geldiul attached to a spring cart. It was very lame on the near bind leg, which, was swollen It was walking on three legs. —The defendant, who said the animal WAS all right when he left hone, was ordered to pay the c )sts.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
A HOME TREAI MENT FOR DEAFNESS.

" The Journal for the Deaf " contains in its last num- ber a complete description of a home treatment for deafness and bar diseases by means of external applica- tion, which has b sec repeatedly successful in restoring hearing in cascs pronounced incurable by the usual methods. Another special feature is the enclosure of a Report Form by rfIIATIS ol which anyone can obtain full particulars and free advice as to the use of the treat- ment in their own cas.. To obtain a free cony of the Journal with Report Form and a"Supolement,"illustrat- log upwards of forty cases cured during the past month, it is only necessary to address The Secretary, Drouet In- stitute, Regent's Park-road, London, N.W.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr Ludwig Mond's Generosity.

I understand, says the London correspondent of the " Birmingham Daily Past," that Dr Ludwig Mond, P.R.S., of the firm of Messrs Brunner Mond, and Co, founder of the Davy-Faraday Laboratory here, has promised the Royal Society the handsome donation of £6,000 totvards the final expenses of completing the society's useful "Catalogue of 'Scientific Papers." This compilation, I may say, is the outcome of a movement dating back nearly 40 years, and which bad its inception at the Glasgow meeting of the British Association in 1835. The idea was to set on foot a compraheneive and authorita- tive catalogue of the writings of scientific men in Europe and America, beginning from the year IEOO. Originally, the work was printed and published at the public expense by the Stationery 0151 e, but this mode was changed a few years ago by the wish and under special arrangements with the Treasury, The Royal Society now intends to close the series on completing the indexing of scientific papers to the end of 1900, and Dr Mond' s gift is to be devoted to this particular purpose.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY OCTOBER 3 1902

Ridgway. The last-named offioer might be called on 'of our veteran soldiers in South Africa because he bad served there go long and with such credit. He had only nit returned and tka sword which he (the Mayor) would have the honour of presenting to hlin,was earned eighteen months ag,,o but there had been no opportunity of presenting it. The toast was cordially drunk. THE EXPICRIENCES OF THE THIRD CONTINGENT . A NOVEL MUSICAL INSTRUMENT.

In raeponding,Oaptain Feieceetiall said that on behalf of the third section he begged to thank the Mayor and townspeople for their kindness in entertaiaiag the volunteers that evening, and aloe for the kind way in which they had looked after the wants of a great many of the men whilst they had been in South Africe. He also thanked them for the insurance pelicies and field glaeses which were presented to the contingent on their departure. The field glasses were of very great benefit He remembered how once on looking through hie glasses he was able to see something wh;ch no one at the station knew anything a.: all ahoutt. That was the memorable action in which Colonel Gough was con_ corned. He saw the whole thing through his glasses, although it took place eighteen miles :sways. He saw the Begnehmen ganef) down and the Beers afterwards gallop down and take their position—a most interesting eight he could assure them. Unfortunately the force to which the Voluateers were attached was so extremely week and the poeition where the action took place was so far away that they could not seed help ;) Colonel Geugh. It would no doubt be interesting to some of those present te know how etre third contingent aetually spent their time ie South Africa. They left England ai.out the beginning of April and landed in Smith Africa at the end of that month. On landing at Cepetown they were out in open trunke and had re more or lees pleasant journey as far as Dundee. The journey occupied nine days and if anybody liked to travel nine days with , sixty three men in an open truck, all he could say was that taey were welcome to take his place. (Laughter.) He did not want to luxe aaything to de with it again. He had only one night in a truck hinaself,but he thought the other members of the contingent would echo his stetemeet. On the way up they had to land Private , Richardien at HeiCielburg where he was taken to hospital awl unfortunately died. After staving at Dundee a few days they set out for Da Jaager's drift. After being cooped up en board ship and in open trucks PO long, and considering the heat of the day, the length of the march, end the nature of the country, it was very creditable indeed that there was no falling out. They stayed at He Jaeger's drift for a month and during that time they wore engaged mostly in out-post work, making barbed wire entanglements and digging trenches, one of which was through solid rock. Lie should never forget the expressions of disgust which he overheard respecting the tools provided. Tee picks were about as sharp as the end of one's thumb and to out through solid reek these were not the best of tools to eineloy. After a month had elapsed they proceeded to Vryheid and were welcomed very heartily by the head- quarters of the South Lancashire Regiment at that time under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Adam. Lie- mediatetyon arrival they were shown a'pesition they had ; to take up in the outpost line and from the beginning of June to the middle of the following May they held that one position. The men were night in and night out, that was to say that omen night 4bey were on out- °let duty an i the next night they had a night in bed. They never moved from one particular kopje during the whole of that time and very monotonous it proved to some of noir numbers. Others seemed to appreciate it,in a mild way,but the majority did not seem to care for the jet). He might say that cen4idering the limited oppor- tunitiee which the men hel for enjoyment he really thought they made the best of it. He had the pleasure of living very close to them—about two yards away— for a Jeng time,end got t 3 knew hew they filled the time —l5-2, IS4, and a pair is 6—(laughter).— playing at cribbage. They had two cornete, a violin, and a " kerosine," an instrument which they had made themselves out of an old paraffin tin and telegraph sviee, and frern which they extracted music of a sort. (Laughter.) He was very gladto bear them tackling the monotony in the way they did. Re wished to thank the Mayor, Corporation, and tewnspeople for the very kind way in which they subscribed funds for the dependeate of soldiers at the frost, not only of the volunteers but of the men of various regiments from Warrington. One day whilst at the front he entered into cenversation with a private whom he had never met before, and asked him candidly what his feelings wore abeut his employment. The man replied " Well sir, as soon as I got to know that my wife and family were receiving some help from the Corporation of War- rington I was quite happy, and did not care how long I stopped out here,so long as I could do my little bit. The only thing thet upset me when I went out was as tee the wife and the kids." He also thanked those who had provided comforts for the men. Captain WILI,C)CIC3 responded on behalf of tholeurth section and said they esteemed the honoer more con- sidering that they had not had as much to do as the Volunteers who want out before them. When he Was going eat he said he had every confidence in the men he was taking out that they would be a credit to War- rington. His confidence had not been misplaced, for better men no-ene could wish to command!

Lieutenant RIDGWAY briefly responded and said he was !very pleased to get btck to Warrington. Es thought he should like ta go to South Africa but when he got there he did not think much of the placo. As thne went on he thought lois of it and now he had come to the conclution that there was no place like England and that Eogland was plenty large enough for him. (Laughter.) He was sure that a great many other who had been out were of the.same opinion.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURNED VOLUNTEERS - Dinner at the Warrington Town Hall.

Once more the Council;Chember7at the Town Hall was on Thursday Vast week the scene of a dinner to local active service volunteers. This time the guests were returned volunteers—the members of the third and fourth contingents supplied by the Ist Volunteer Battalion South Laacasbire Regiment. It will be remembered that the third contingent went out in April 1901 under the command of Captain B Fairclough. Unfortunately, one member of the de- tachment—Private A Richardson—succumbed to disease, but the other volunteers returned home safe and sound on June 25th of this year. The fourth contingent which was in charge of Captain Willcocks, left England on April 18th of this year. Owing to the conclu- sion of the peace negotiations the men had only a short spell of service at the Cape, and all arrived home on August Ist. At the dinner on Thursday evening opportunity was taken of presenting the volunteers with framed commemoration cards, similar to those which were received by the 211.961- bars of the first and second contingents, and swords of honour were presented to Captain Fairclough, Captain Willcocks, and Lieutenant Ridgway, son of the respected commanding officer of the 181 V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, who served at the front with the 2nd North Staff ordshire Regiment. The Mayor (Mir .T Charlton Parr) presided and amongst those present were the Rector (Rev Canon Willis), the Revs E J Willcocks and W Bracecamp,Alderman Fairclough, Councillors Bennett and Rogers,Colonel Ridgway, Major Rooms, Major Edelsten, Captains Hutchinson, rairclough, VVillcocka, and Appleton, Lieut. Ridgway Dr Pox, \lesiva R T Fairelough, II Thornton,J W Hayward, .1 Parkinson, Wolfenden, T Smith, W L Williams, Nelson Jackson, and J Lynn Whittle (town clerk). The Deputy-Mayor (Alderman Roberta) was unable to be present and wrote to the'Mayor 63 follows :—"Dear Mr Mayor, I am unexpectedly prevented from attending this Efvening:s celebration. Although not present with you, kindly allow me through the medium of this note to join with yourself and all our fellow towns• people in expressing our high appreciation of the patriotism displayed by, an 1 the services rendered to our empire by our own volunteer service sec- tions." Captain Carey who commanded the second contingent, had been invited to be present. but wired to the Town Clerk from Carlow :—" Please convey to the Mayor my great regret that I am un- avoidably prevented being present at dinner to- night." An excellent dinner was serval, the cater- ing of Mr Powys giving the greatest satisfaction. After dinner various toasts were honoured. The MAYOR °roomed the loyal toasts watch wore drunk with enthusiasm. cOUNCILLOR BENNE er AND RELIGIOUS DIFFERENCES.

Councillor BENNGYT proposed " The Bishops and Clergy and all ministers of religion." He said he thought that in this diocese they had the best of Bishops in Bishop Chavasse,and he noul I hardly express in words his high estimetion of the Bishop of LiverpooL go was sure they ;you'd all agree that in Warrington they had the best of Hectors, and he should run the risk of b sing fulsome if he said all that he thought of Canon Willis. He was also of the opinion that in Warringten they hal ! the bsst of clergy and ministers generally. They all ! tried to do their duty and were anxious to promote the ! moral and soirit xal well-being of the town, It had occurred to him that the bishops, clergy and ministers generally, not in Warrington only bet all over the world, might learn a valuable lesson from , their friends ire whose honour they had gathered that night—the soldiers. In the relent war the military forces of the empire all united to face a common foe and for the extension of a common kingdom. They were separated by all con- ceivable varieties of race and religion but when they had to ?ale the foe all thoir distinctions were forgotten and they al fought as soldiers of one king. It seemed to him that their friends the clergy and ministers might learn a leason from that. They were the servants of the one King and had to wage an even grander war against even greater enemies than those against whom the soldiers had been fighting so splendidly. Yet,nne ,s,rrieved to say that we saw them esnecially at the present time, divided amoug themselves.lnsteed of seeing them work- ing cordially and harmoniously together for the promotion of the greatest Empire of all—the Empire of the Prince of Peace—we foand them all wrangling and scinahbling, among themselves. In Warrington we had not seen a great deal of that. The clergy and ministers were too senaible, and, he believed, too Christian to indulge at any rate in any outward or particularly vivid signs of those minor differences. bathe thou:ht that throughout the country there was room for greater union among the V,IsTIOII9 ministers in faci of a common foe. The 'clergy and ministers had to fight net merely against ignorance, but against intemperance and immorality and even against war itself, for after all if the clergy and ministers absolutely fulfilled their duty they would be the greatest preachers of the doctrine of peace. They (his hearers) knew, however,that war was unavoidable under existing conditions and they knew how much soldiers owel to the way in which ministers had helped and encouraged them in the performance of their duty, but yet, the ultimate principle they were supposed to preach was the principle of peace on earth and goodwill to men. He should like to feel that in face of the common enemy the clergy and ministers dropped their minor differenoes and united to promote the great broad general principles on which they were agreed. Was it not possible that the Church of Eng- land, Roman Catholics, Weslevans, Congregationa- lists, and all the varions denominations might sink these minor matters and fight together for one King, one cause,and one Erneirenle did not want to asuro the role of clergy and ministers by preaching himself—(laughter) —but he thonght it was something of a scandal, In face of the terrible evils with which we had to contend that the clergy and ministers should not be able to present a more un'ted front to the common foe. The toast was heartily honoured.

In responding, the RECTOR, after congratulating the men, as chaplain to the Volunteers. upon their safe re- turn said be was united by very close ties to the offiners and their fathers, three of whom were present that night:: Be was greatly indebted to various members of the families for many kind acts and constant cc-operation in parochial work. Referring to Councillor Bennett's remarks, the R.ctor said the clergy belonged to the church militant and they had to fight for things that perhaps seemed minor points to some people, but were really points, as thev (the clergy) believed, of very great importance. But he believed that down in their hearts they had the very kindest feelings towards those who were supposed to differ from them and when occasion did arise ter them to unite and fight against one common enemy he hoped they would an be found shoulder to shoulder.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOAST OF THE EVENING.

The MAYOU then proposed the tout of the evening— that of their gallant guests whom they were en pleased to we'come beck to their native country and to their native townelt gave them not only pleasure but a sense of satisfaction and relief—satisfaction that the men had been able to do the work that they volunteered to doland to bring back peace with honour, and relief that their anxiety was now over,and the men had returned safe and sound to resume those actuations and employments which they were obliged to intermit in consequence of theiropatriotiem in obeying duty's call. It was with very mixed feeling that they saw the volunteers go away—with feelings of pride and pleasure at their devotion and patriotism, at their public spirit, British pluck and bravery in responding to the call to arm, but it the same time with sadnEss in their hearts because they knew of the hardships, the dangers, and the risks which the men were bound to encounter. But now the Volunteers were beck again and they had only to rejoice They only missed, he believed, one of the fifty five who went out, and he unfortunately died in South Africa. They rejoiced that fifty four bad come back to resume their employment and to fight the battle of life at home instead of fighting it in South I Africa. It might require as much fortitude, determina- tion, and British pluck to fight the battle of life at home as it did abroad. He was pleased to hear that the Volunteers' employers in most cases had kept the men's places open, and he sincerely hoped they would be rewarded by the men falling back into their places and repaying their employers for the inconvenience they had suffered. He coupled with the toast the names of Captain Fairclougb, Captain Willcccks and Lieut.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Tivp:welogyglit% ••••:fel . • 4/.li ~,,,,

aWgng

• - :.o._. . ..,-..A-4, ..,....3 .., :•::. ...' .............,;;;Amii.....,-...:4:,,,,,pw,gi.,.!..7..:. • eTo i it i'iltigi,lifft ;;.011-f;P., --; •':'.'fi..2.'...U.g..-:f.....;:::-. c• ; iiii .g.ißlLigiii.?.. --.,:::f-al ••••:\T vl ~::::34gg,'...:. 0,1'24' ii. /0 :• :;;:i.iti-Og -.,ii.........'.i...',' ', 2 -:;'i; ............................. 77:3Y: ::F i.r.: ~' '....mmorl' • , " ' 111.!. :., ' .rt • :..,:Y:i.iE:::;:!. .i..*: .'5,!.!,...!..::::::: ! ',F!!!!.::,,!..1::;...;,.;:- 4,;71,;?1'..%,..... .Viililtlii,.; i1t.t.:::,...9.i...i..'...:: .7.?? A t''.7.:.:'1.4:::•:!..i...5.:::...;::::i,pip::::)::.i,.?i ~ -. ..... .. '• :::•411111111111111 ' " - -•' ' 2 1'... :Sitin - ••••••••;;;:4%': . 'W7.'., ' ' ~.....- ..A.,ilislo, . 1,, . .4 ' • . . '' ' ',:: '., ~,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ' ::Ktiff)14:::::! , qiii: . •-• '4' 'er'Y '--.1, , ‘n:!,•...--V -7.f.;.......''''......'Z5A';:',':qi1i1.4 •,.:..4 ,;;;;;:- : . 4., ..,:.,,e;,'....:.,...,...,:..',7r, ; '''-';':...i.':i..1.'5.,:..';'::,.iig..,:4' ~1.....4"iiii.'?....'k.,:,...,..,......6.,...;....i7...:::?,;.::....,...,':::.....::::;.:'::: • ,-...''''Vi.Fit-tik, Irt',:';-::-:5.7f7::•---- ' , .:..,-....,...1-:. f., illr :-, ~, • , ..: ~i ",,'...,...,i.....g.kt,..:•thth. ‘.......„..., , : ~,,,, ~ ~,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, . -'' . . y::.: . ..7.7i , .. :..:,..- --ik ..,... .. ~,,,,,,„..-.". .. .7„ - !:'......;,F,-- . • ;,......., ..i,- --''' ,m-\•,-1 . i ''' is,lo:4`;',-4E., 0 ' 7..r.-7,,.,:':....,L:41.7-': . •.: . -.'.: .. ...::::::',-:::::::::; .. i .......... .-- . . j \ 'lwg.'''.2“'-'4." .A.....'4;1e. ''.."-- 1' -'• - / ' '?-VAT'''... ,-- \ • , ,t, , ......„. 40,. , :', '..', , ',.; \, • 'fi';''g':?&CNYa...,'N...;,•••••:::::.5.'.4...v.,;...k.,:, .., . . --';',,,:4`. kW!' Z•.'•:::::i.f.Z1.1i5..j.41:,•:itiR:,.....:.,:.‘,.:%:,..,-,,,. ((, 1 ~,.,,, ..,.i-.; ~., a. ~,;7,,,t4, 4160114 ,• , ".•• `- k:f±:''''''..:1:....:11.:..:....i::Ei ' /4.' ' '\ ' ',, `'e; •' ' }i:iNFilaie.

?.1,1,y),O.1:4;(0,

41,v,Witiii4z4T4 'D.WORRAAYALIK,I•a49,4I: Vyk.vorwfakiils vAtook: Agotioraggyeim..4. .Amp44.0M401, resogaggadtt•fs 40002441 -RANA wag* liomm

i [ . 1,.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE PRESENT& CIONS.

The UTOR then presented Cantata Faircleugh, Cap- tain Witicocks and Lieutenant Ridgway with swords of honour, and each voluntc3r with a fram4d commemora- tion card, addressiug a few suitable svorda ts each recipient. THE MAYOR THANKED.

In proposing- the health of the—Mayor, Alderman FAlRCLOtreiff enoke in eulogistic terms of the services rendered to the town by his Worship during hie term of office, and expressed the hope that he wauld accept office for another year. Applause). The toast was honoured with great cordiality, the company singing" For he's a jolly good fellow " and giving cheers for the Mayor And Mayoress. In responding, the Meson said he was proud of War- rington for the pert it had taken in the lite struggle. Ile believed therti was no ether town in England of its size which had sent more brave men to the front, or men who had acquitted themselves better than the contin- gents from Warrington. The Mayor also paid a tribute to the work of the ambulance brigade, and in conclusion expressed his gratification that the dependents of local soldiers who served at the front had been so well looked after. The proceedings were considerably enlivened by Mr Nelson Jackson. who gave a numbor of humorous seine- ' times in his own inimitable way. Elis"humorous sermon" I was particularly good, and create I unbounded mirth. Another capital item was the recitation of ifipling's "Oa the road to Mandalay."

A most enjoyable gathering was brought to ft close with the singing of "AnlA Lang Syne" and th 3 National Anthem.

As so many of the working class suffer from Indi- gestion, a letter received from Mrs Blake, of 49, R apart- street, Reading, cannot be too widely published. This lady writes : "I think it is only fair that everyone should know what a splendid thing Vi-Cocoa is as an appetiser and a refresher. It has no equal. I have been using it for the last three years, and have found it a splendid thing for indigestion, and I think if a few more of the working class would give Vi-Cocoa a trial they would greatly benefit by it and never use any other. Also to young mothers it is invaluable. I always recommend it wherever I go."

===== 0002601_19021003_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

The revision for the parishes of Stockton Heath, Appleton, and Stratton was held at the Old London Bridge Inn on Tuesday afternoon, Mr Clement E Scott being the revising barrister. Mr John Ellison, was present as assistant overseer for lopteton and Stratton; Mr E Bradshaw for Stockton Heath; Mr W U J West- brook and Mr Dean on bailiff of the Wnservative party, and Mr Joseph Smith, of Kautsford, for the Liberal party. There were several new ownership olaims, one lodger claim, and one occupation claim, but there were no cases of public interest.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DISTRICT NURSING ASSOUIATION. ---- Fifth Annual Report. ---- Proposed Purchase of the INurses' Home.

1 There was an encouraging attendance at the annual meeting of the Warrington District Nursing Association, held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, on Monday evening. Mr Frederick dionks, J.P., who started the Association in Warrington, occupied the chair, and he 7743 accompanied on the platform by Miss Hughes, Inspector of County Nurses of London; the Rector (the Rev Canon Willis), the Revs E C E Carleton, and John Yonge ; Caunciilor John Roberts, and Messrs John Fair- clone, George Thompson, and J Duttou Fairclough (one of the hon. secretaries). THE CONIMINEE'S REPORP.

?dr J D FAtncLotrou read the fifth annual report as follows:—" The committee have much pleasure in submitting their report for the sth year's work, which continues to be very satisfactory. The thanks of the committee are duet. all the subscri- bers and the public holies whose contributions have made so welcome and substantial an addition to the funds. F)r details of work done the com- mittee refer subscribers and others to the super- intendent's report, which speaks for itself and indicates the number and variety of the eases visited. A reference to the treasurer's report will show the neces,ity for new and increasei financial support if the society is to continue a work com- mensurate with the needs of the town. During the year twelve ladies were elected as vics-presi- dents. To the superintendent and the nurses our warmest thanks are due for their untiring devotion to their duties and the efficient manner in which they are discharged." SUPEEUNCENDENT'S REPORT.

The report of Miss Whitfield (the superintendent) was as follows :—A general retrospect of the work of the Association during the past year shows great cause for thankfulness that so much bas been accomplished, in spite of drawbacks, and gives encouragement to go on to greater things in the future. The drawbacks have been chiefly owing to incompleteness of staff, one nurse havin7 resigned, great difficulty and delay were experienced in satis- factorily filling her place. It is extremely gratifying to note the increasing growth of interest, confid- ence and kindly feeling in the town generally, evidences of which have been more freely given than in any other year. Owing to the generosity of this Naylor and three friends, and to the kindness of Mrs Lewis, who cooks the food free of charge, the long-wished ,for 'lnvalid Kitchen " has been established. Our anticipations of its use- fulness have bean more than fulfilled, and by the supply of well-cooked food to patients whose sur- roundings and circumstances make elan the most elementary "cuisine " a matter of impossibility, many a convalescence has been hastened and many an illness has been shortened and rendered lass tedious Statistics :—Cases transferred from last year, 47; new cases, 451; visited once or twine but not entered, 56 ; visitepaid, 19,507. Result of cases nursed :—Convalescent or relieved, 286 ; transferred to hospital or Infirmary, 34 ; died, 89 ; removed trout books for other causes, ; remaining on book, Jane 30th, 1992, 34; total, 454. By wham sent in :—Medical men,253 ; medical men requested by patients or friends, 48; clergy,ministers,visitors, 35; patients or friends applied, 99 ; found by nurses, 14; 454. TREASURER'S REPORT.

The report of the lion Treasurer (Mr F Monks) was as follows :—" In submitting the accounts for the year end- ing June 30th, 1932, it is satisfactory to note the growth of the subscription list as compared with former years. Especially would I call your attention to two new soerces of income, viz :—rhe donations freca the Friendly Societies, and the legacy received from the Dore of the Ista C J li,lrne, If we deduct the special donations of last year for farnishinv,, Set, the private donation show a slight increase of £2 03 103. Toe public donations also show an increase indicating, I hope, a wider interest in the work of the Association. Lest year. This year. Increase. E 8. ii. e. d. E a. d. Subscriptions Congregational Col- lections 59 12 8 55 5 6 Collected by Indi- viduals 6 7 9 717 4 1 9 7 Private Donations.— 29 13 6 31 14 4 2 010 Public Donations Legscy_ 2O 0 0 20 0 0

Sp;oh;1 Donations for Furnishing

-- --- -- - £625 18 3 £585 15 5 £lO9 4 4

-- -- La consequence of the death and removal of a few sub- scribers we shall require new subscribers to increase our subscription list which ought not to be less than £6OO a year to carry on the work efficiently with our present staff. F. Meeting, treasurer. P.3.--Since the accounts were made up I have received the following promises towards the purchase of the present Nursing Home or the building of a new one : Mr Vera Davies and brothers in memory of the late Mr and Mrs R Davies £6OO ; Mr El Thornton, £5O ; Councillor Smethurst, £5 total £855." The statem mut of income and expenditure shows that the total iacorne for the year. including a balance of £1 6s 51 from last account, was £587 Is 101. After meeting all expenses there was a balance in hand of £ll 17s. The maintenance of nurses, together with salaries and clothing,was £447 is 7d. LEITERI OF c\POLOGY.

Mr, J. DUTTON FainctOUGH read several lefters of apology.—The Rev F E Powell wrote ?—" Dear Mr I Fairclough,—lt is with regret I have ta ask the Corn- naittee to accept ay resignation as one of its members. I have followed the splendid work of the Association with increasing interest, sad can testify to tke immense 1 benefit it confers on the poor in the parish I am now vacating. It is pleasing to know that the public gener- ally are waking up in its appreciation of this truly excel- lent institution, although there is evidently much yet to be desired, and not least in sympathy with and con- sideration for the nurses themselves in their patient and somewhat exaotinF,, work. I fear the exigencies of my speedy removal from Warrington prevents ray being present at the meeting, and I shall be glad if you will kindly signify ray regret." Alderman Roberts wrote that a long-standing engagement prevented Mu Roberts and himself from attending the meeting, but be hoped the gathering would be a successful ono. Mrs Lang and Miss Massy (Latchford). also wrote regretting their inability to be present. Miss Naylor telegraphed from London :—" Regret I cannot accept invitation to attend the annual meeting, but will be glad to give another similar donation to invalid kitchen. Wish you 1 every success." 1 COMMENTS ON jTHE REPORT.

The CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the reports and accounts, stated that it had been suggested that the vacancy caused by the forthcoming departure from Warrington of the Rev F E Powell should ho filled hy Mr D Davies, chairman of the Cycle Parade Committee. (Hear, hear.) A letter had been received from the secre- tary of St. Mary's Dramatic Association intimating their intention to give a performance in aid of the funds of the Association. (Applause.) Since Gho accounts had been made up, he had received a letter from Mr Vera Davies stating that it was the intention of his brothers and himself toigive £5OO towards the purchase of the Nurses' Horne—(applause)—as a memorial to their late father and mother. They thought that would be far better than erecting a memorial window, and it would certainly be very useful. He (the Chairman) had also received £5O from Mr Thornton and £5 from Councillor Smethurst for the same object, and he was in hopes of getting a further donation of £250 from the Warrington Co-operative Society. (Applause). He knew the society was in possession of the money and he did not think they could make better use of it than by de- voting it to the purpose of purchasing a nurses' home. He had mdati pleasure in moving the adoption of the reports and in congratulating the nurses on the very ex- cellent work they were doing ; he looked upon it not as a work in opposition to the Infirmary but in conjunc- tion with it, He regarded their work as a Nursing

s Association as Infirmary work amongst the people,while at the Infirmary proper the nurses assisted those who , had mat with accidents or were suffering from serious diseases which required close personal medical atten- tion. There was a large amount of sicknese which could be assisted by the nurses throughout the town, and he heard it said on all sides that they were doiag a very useful work. Alluding to Miss Naylor's telegram with resoect to the invalid kitchen, the Chairman said that was a very important part of the work, alt Sough it was not the specifies work of the institution to find food. The names found it useful to be able to get properly cooked food in many cases of sickness, which they could not properly have if it were not for the assistaace of Mrs Lewis through this fund. He hoped the fund would be I supported so that Mrs Lewis would be able to give the assistance that was required in the coming year. With reference to the accounts of the Nursing Association, it would be noticed that considerable assistance lead been given by the Friendly Societiee. It was a new departure and he believed it wag due to the advocacy of a repre- sentative of the Druids Society wile paid a visit to the nurses home on the invitation of M 193 Weitfield. The money was very welcome and it would be seen that the aseoeeatien finished up the year with a balante ire hand of £ll 17s although they only started with a balance of n. 63 53. fie hoped the aesociatien woul I always be able to finish the year's working wish a balance is hand and not a balance against them. (Hear, hear). Toe Rev E C E CARLETON seconded, and :said there coull be no two opinions as to the value of the work of the Assoaistion when they considered that good nursing was often essential to effective medical treatment. I 7• wag impossible to dissociate it with what was dose by the medical profession ; and it had a claim on their support similar to that we'ch they were so willing to recegnize in the CiPO of the hospitals. The aim was of course the same as medical troatment,though necessarily subordinate to it. In the past there had not Seen a due recognition of the place that nursing ought to occupy. They had to thank Mr Monks for taking up the matter ix this lecslity and for placing mining upon a footing which was likely to be lasting. There was one thing to be kept in view. While pursu- ing their avocation as nurseslamonget the people they were in a position ta give practical hints and ieetruo- times in the art of nursing to those amongst whom they I worked. He supposed the time would never corns when suffering and sorrow and sickness would net have its claim ripen them as Christians,but the duty of r mend- ing to its call must keep pace with the urgency of the demand if they were to fulfil their calling as Christians, following in the footsteps of Him who ea earth made the sick and needy the objects of his special care and concern.

The Rev JOHN YoNGE supported, ael said there were Fe no very beautiful features about the work in connec- tion with the association, but One which especially pre- sented itself at a meeting of that character was that those who differed upon so many prolate were all one Linea this matter. (Hear. hear.) They were all called to ' take their share in alleviatiov human suffering and comforting human sorrow. The wonder to him was when he looked back upon the few years the association had been in existence atnoogst them how in the world they went on beforo they had it and how the poor suf- fering people got On without it. There wee no doubt whatever that the work ;which had been done by the institution was of the most valuable kind, and he as sure that it had a very warm place in the hearte of a great many people throughoet the length and breadth of the town. (Hear Hear) From the report it appeared that 454 patients were nursed and of that number 218 housewives had been the recipients of the nurses help during the paE year. When they thought of what that meant he believed they w euld 808 how valuable the institution had proved itself to be (pplause.) The Rev Father WetrrrLk briefly supported the motion and said he was in full sympathy with the work of the institution.

Tie proposition was unanimously astrond t. VOTES OF THANKS TO THE NURSING srIFF. TEIE RECTOR AND TEIE SMOKE NUISANCE.

The RECTOR, in proposing a vote of tharake to the nursing staff, said it was his great interest in the society and his affection for the chairman that made him deter- mined to return to Warrington at all ceets—he hal been away since Saturday—to show his sympathy with the object of the meeting. lie thoroughly endorsed all that had been'said by the Chairmen. Mr Carleton and Mr Tongs. With regard to what Mr Yonge had said, there was no doubt that they were all intensely anxious to ' work together. It wee said by one of the speakeve at the Velenteer dinner the other evening at the Town Hall that it was a pity clergy and minietere should differ OR what seemed to be minor points while good might be dine in uniting together against one common foe. He could assure the meeting that it was only the most conscientious feeling which caleed them to act as they did, and he was sere that the Church and the Roman Catholics and the Nonconformists would be only too thankful to unite if they possibly could. In their minds and hesrts they were net minor matters that kept them apart but what they held to be most important truths. They all most intensoly desired to see the time when they all could be one in Christ Jeam.. He octuld act eirriress too strongly his admiration for the lady nurses. Wherever he went he heard the people speak in great praise of their sympathy and ten- derness and kindnees, and he was sure the dectors must be thankful to have their work supplemente I by the work of the ladies. They could do many things a man could not do, and no; only speak words of ;kindness and tenderness but teach many lessons. (Hear, bear.) They could teach lessons on the mire of the home ; how to make home nice and attraetive. It was a great inducement for a husband to stay at homd if it was nicely kept. He had juet returned from his own town where there appetred te be no smoke and everything looked beautifully clean. One longed to think if it were Possible in Warrington. He knew it was not possible and one almost seemed thankful to see the chimneys smoke for it meant plenty.of work. In con- clusion the Rector said they eonld not thank the nurses too much for the care and kindness they had bestowed upon the sick and poor. Codneillor JOHN ROBERTS seconded, and remerked that while he visited various parts of the town he heard of the good work of the nurses. They not only worked sir days. hut seven, and be could say without fear of contradiction that many of the patients would have died if it had not been for the care of the nurses. (Hear, hear). Mr GEOIIGE Tnoursom observed that there Was no institution in Warrington that had made more rapid strides than the District Nursing Association had done, especially when they took into ceasideration the fact that five years ago there was no such institution in Warrington. To-lay they had not only a home but six MIMS and were out of debt. Re thought that that was a wonderful performance and reflected the greatest credit upon all concerned, especially upon the President to whom they were indebted for many of the results that had been obtained. (User, hear). Mr Thompson pro- ceeded to refer to the collections by places of worship in behalf of the institution. He found that although two more churches made collections the amount reeeived was £4 less than the previous year. He understood that 90 piece,' of worship made collections on behalf of the Infirmary but only eleven on hehalf of the Nursing Association. He suggested that ohurchee might make a special collection for the insti• tutioo. This could be done by stipulating that anything collected beyond the usual sum received each Sunday weelld be Riven to the Nursing .Institution.

The CIS;IRIVIAN, in alluding- to the Rioter's remark respecting smoke, aid he venturld to hope before many years were over that they would be able to make iron without very much smoke at all. Considerable experi- ments were now going on in that direction. Referring to the collections by religious bodies, the Chairman said there was one religious body in the town that had not yet contributed one halfpenny to the institution from the beginning up to now, lie would not mention the name of the body, but leave its members to fled it out; hut what he had stated was a fact. The vote of thanks was agreid to.

Miss WHITFIELD (superintendent nurse) acknowledged the vote of thanks and said the nursing staff appreciated all the kind things that had been said about them. It Was not all riding a bicycle when the sue shone. (Laughter.) Her own feeling was that the poor people should have the best and the nurses did try to give them of their best. (Heat, hear.) She thought a woman who had had a good training and who had the love of God in her heart and love for her fellow creatures, was sure to do a good work as a district nurse. She wished to take that opportunity of acknowledging the increased kindly feeling of all sections of the clmmunity towards the nu)rses. She had been in Warrington five years, but she never had a refusal for any request she had made on behalf of the institution. (A.pplause.)

===== 0002601_19021003_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS BY AN INSPECTOR OF NURSES.

Miss Humus (inspector of 'county nurses of London) delivered an address. In an interesting way she traced

===== 0002601_19021003_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
'' s ~,,, ,' '-'......''1'l : 0,4,, ..,,, i,.'., -p.:, ~.. ~, ..,, i ~, , ,„, . ot,,t '14,4 ' , '3'.,,„ ,t,,, t, , ~AO-, 1 ,4. ~ ' 4"‘" - ..v t''' 4 ~...,,.., ..,,,,,,,, ~,,,..1...,0,.„4„, ..„, 4. ee,. v., - , . ~....., —,,,,,,,A,,,,,:,4-,," •:.:14+, ~ 41; . I ' ~A.,S ,-1:;)',5,;' i'4•l# ,-. fr ''')' •.• , , , ... „ • 0. 4 `.:,:p11.e) ? '.'''c''' • .1 tejt,,,,,N, P "J64'4,.'t t t Id/ , ....*:;,;-...-7 , 4:' •, '' "k: .., --t` 1.1'4, •,.• 7.,,,,,74.1k. cii!' `l..''''"•,-.'''' r'l 4`'llik.".,t, ..„. ,v,,,,,1t,. ~ , \ vr, .• T.- !A,. • ,', - ' t, ' •'„ ',*^-.4,?',444,5,;. .';','"..77,1,0;, .- F , ci,,,E:„1,1',V,.t ',':. '' .. ''' .. . ''• " , ~, ~.„,,,, ._,, ~,,, P,-,..,1tet ~?., -., •, - -....-.-0,,,,„ 1ie1'1;4,71 r ,?':,'-',.'...., , : :,:', ''''.' ' 'I •,'l7'l,o:t ~; ,-,.,.: ~.4. \, - ,'%, •.,''!'''''.4 SPC',, . '^c''" ; ' f ';'4lt ';',:} ':?iir''''''44,l,riX'',4.4.:i ii 4.. 4'• • ' ,i, 74,74•:, )„:"..',,,,M1, 3 ~,q . . .1 .4P 1,• :41>'''':' ', • ....iy " . , lei' i" ' t " ti,o., 1' t '. ± , :'°,,,,:o'''' 1-',,,, 4"0 A,' " . :• ' • 7 '.4*, , ‘,:,:. 4 ... -1. •P. . . ''''' I'l '4,"•-!-' '''''.4.,•• ~•'?':•4:. s'';''/Ar ' X''',o . ''' ''''''l'; .. :: . '‘,".. -‘,.ir • t. '. l'.4b..‘'t . ".'",f.,,V.' tf.f,,,1, ''' • , • • ".' P 4, -;' .' 411 '''' ~.'•'l":',..A,Vg."' k ,'•'' ' , 4,4' '4. "V.,,,,,,..W.4, Pl'ofictip., ,' 't • ', ''-‘,.''" ' , , ,• , .‘. . • '

Just a dish at

bed-time. Good-night.

"THE FOOD THAT IS ALL FOOD." Are you 4if hard worker? To enable you to "pull yourself together" when "run down," there is nothing to equal "FORCE." This dainty food (which consists of whole-wheat and barley-malt) is a * tonic and body-builder combined. A largsrsized package costs 73/3d. Ask the grocer.

the histery of the district nureing movement from its inauguration by the late Mr William Rathbone at Liver- pool in 1859. There were new close en one thousand Queen's nurses to say nothing of other :associations working more or less on the same lines. In the country as in Warringtm, the work of the district nurses was going on rapidly. It took root almost directly in Lendon, especially in the crowded part of East Lendon, and now incalculable good was being dine in all direc- tions. Reference was made te the gift of 02,000 by the late Queen out of the women's gift to her Majesty. The work was being taken up in America but they were still very much behind us in the matter of diseriet nursing. Irs referring to the practical work of nurses, Miss :Hughes said a nurse should net only bring her best 'skill ta bear in her labo ire but learn to use that skill in the conditions under %Mich she foend the patient. In a hospital everething was arranged. T iere were venti- lation, warmth and various necessary appliances to add to the comfort of the sufferer, but in a workingrnan'S home, in many Oases, a different state of things existed. They must, therefore, train their nurses te remedy the existing defects and to give as little trouble and ieconvenieece as pessible to the people themselves. There must be no dictation but suggestions should be made in a kindly manner. Proceeding to refer to the objects of the Queen Victoria Jubilee Institute for nurses, Miss Hughes said they were two in number. The flrat was to properly train the nurses for their work and secondly, a regular insree- tion was in force to see that the work was going on on the right lines and that the standard of efficiency wag kept up. She must congratulate Warrington very warrnlY on its success. She had seen the home in Arpley-stree,t and she feend it to be most cernFortable and suitable is every way for the nurses. She had seen homes that had been specially befit for the purpoee, but she had seen none which were more coovenient than the War- rington home. It had been a great pleasure to come to the meeting and hear that the work of the nurses was appreciated and that the work was going on so well. (Applause,)

===== 0002601_19021003_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTE 3 OF THANKS.

Miss 86551 E Burros, in proposing a vote of thanks to Vise Hughes for her interesting address, said she had from the first taken a deep internet in the work of tha aesociation, and she was pleteed to finch that it wag succeeding. It was an honour to women to think they could help in this direction. But it was Mr Monks who started the association in Warrington, and they thanked him for it and wsuld never forget the fact. Tie attend- ance at that meeting snowed that the work was appreciated. Mr TECOMAS BracuaLL seconded, and said he had falt from the beginning that this was one of the ma it valu- able institutions we had in the town. The result must ha very phasing indeed to Mr Menke, who startsd the mccrement. It was not only the nursing of the sick which was valuable, but the practical teaching tbe nurses wars jable to give in:the homes visited. (Hear hear.) The revelation was then put to the meeting and carried. A. similar compliment was paid to Mr Monks for presiding, on the motile of Mr GEDISGIS WALLINCITJNo seconded bv Mr Jous Farrier:mon. _ . _

Ta 9 CH4IR:II4N acknowledged the C3mplicnent eaci the procandings terminated.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LIKE ONE PARALYSED.

Nervous debility is due entirely to the condition of the kidneys. If the kidneys are well, the body is fed by rich blood that builds up nerve, muscle, and brain. If the kidneys are not well, the blood is impure and the stagnant stream goes to choke the nerve centres and to bring about nervous disorders. Mr J Plaskett, Eyily Farm, Houg,hten, Stockbridsfe. R. 5.0., Hants. was a great sufferer from nervous .• I was like one paralysed," he says in hi° letter of Feb. 6th, 1902. He had constant weakness PI back and spine, was troubled with sleeplessness and had a poor appetite. He was treated by the doctors, who said no good could be done for him. Good was done for him at last by Dodd's Kidnei Pills. "Finding," he says, "I was deriving benefit frees their use, I continued them, and took in all nine WIWI I am thankful co say I am now quite well and able t do my work. I feel better than I have done for years. Nerve pain and troubles are the cry of the nerves for help. Dodd's Kidney Pills form the answer. They don't go to the nerves, but to the kidneys. The kidneys nr° made well, they purify the blood, the nerve centres are immediately relieved, and the system built up to vigor- ' ous strength and activity. There is no medicine wilirb ham worked such astonishing curie as Dodd's Kidnelr Pills. Dodd's Kidney Pills are 24 9d per b )Ir, of all Cloonsistso Or post free on receipt of price by Toe Do ids 43iiCinfl Co., 23, Farringlon Avenue, Linden, E.C. Remember the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

The Lifeboat Saturday Movement--Local Effort Postponed Until next June: Another meeting of the committee elected in Con' nection with the local Lifeboat Saturday movement was held at the Town Hall on Tueaday evening. Mt H Thornton presided and there were also present —Captain Waring, Messrs S Wilaon,J H Smeshurst D Davies, S J Beaman, J Pickles, H Rogers,E Brad' shaw (hen treasurer), and W H Drinkwater (bon secretary).—The Hon Secretary reported that e 5 requested at the last meeting he and Mr Bradshavt waited upon the Mayor and Mayoress who were both of the opinion that it was too late to organio any effort on behalf of the institution this year' He (Mr Drinkwater) had seen Mr Roberts, the organising secretary, who also thought that it we: too late to do anything this year and suggeste4 that the effort should be reads early next year.-1t was decided to set apart Jana 6th, 1/03, as Lifeboe'" Saturday in Warrington.

A CARDINAL'A STRANGE Vow.—An interes „distting about the Cardinal-Archhishoo of Sydney is that keeps 0 the present day a strange vow wnich he too: in his student term at Rolll3—namely, never to look:i woman in the face. Many hostesses not knowing4g this vow have been offended at what they deem °if, eminence's rudeness to the sex. Cardinal Moran • esteemed a notable power in affairs colonial, and ba° far-off chance of being Pope himself some day. -.tan

(7,-) ,;1:ev4.7.71,-.i: ,:sc:rt.,,, ~,..:,,:,.., 0--, .t f ,fi., ~,,, ›, ilt. 7, - ::i,,,,,,.:_fv-,,1:::,,,-: :* 1, .4;( lit .0. tf.,, ,4.4 t 04, i. , -._l: A 0 .4.'",.,112. :4.t"-

===== 0002601_19021003_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
PARSON AND PRINCE.

Sense peonle.have a clever but unenviable knack of dealing out insults disguised as compliments, of bestow- ing blame which shall seem as praise until a care° examination reveals its real meaning. When Frederic' Prince of Wales, father of George ill., died, a fashieir able minister preached a sermon on that event in Mar fair Chapel, London, in the course of which he re; marked : "The Prince had no great parts, but he great virtues ; indeed, they degenerated into vices : b; was very generous, but I hear his generosity has ruicse° a great many people : and then his condescension was/ such that he kept very bad company." In similar style it is constantly said of some allege! remedial agents that they are well known. True; for what are they well known? For their remedit power? Not always. " I spent pounds in trying find a cure, and I should have gone on spending had 10; a friend from Shrewsbury urged ace to try Mottle` S9iFtert3 Curative Syrup," writes Mr Tnomas Northcottr of Dreason, near Lostwithiel, on June 20, 1902. years I have been subject to sudden and excruciating pains in the stomach. I was in constant dread. nevet knowing when I should be seized. Had it been :st: ordinary pain lasting, say. for an hour or two, the, would have been bad anon ; but I was incapacitate for a fortnight or three weeks at a time, being unable ga eat, sleep, or remain long in one position. we thankful for even one moment's respite. Every renal that could be though's of was resorted to without Oat; and I also took the advice of four medical men—twe them Plymouth physicians—but they could never ea at the root of the ill. One doctor, certainly, gave as a pill that deadened the pain for a while, but it did 0! more. I was almost despairing of a cure when tglY,, Shrewsbury friend brought me half a bottle of MoVie' Seigel's Curative Syrup, which she insisted on 011'1 accepting. The benefit I derived from that sale quantity was wonderful. Nothing which the doctor; had given to me, nor any of the patent medicines I b 5,. tried, acted upon me as that did. I was soon relievee„ and from day to this I have never risked being witboey a supply of it on hand. If its price were ES I w pay it rather than be without a bottle of it in the h,

have recommended it whenever I hava had an o]

tunity to do so. and always with good results."

;toe/ 1151 !vet ;boa' tsl4 boat' )pP°

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE

FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

15 Broughton Rangers away 22 Kingston Rovers 29 Hunslet Dec 6 Wigan home 13 Widnes away 20 Bradford home 25 (Christmas Day) Leigh away 26 (Boxing Day) 27 Huddersfield 1903 Jan. 1 New Year's Day 3 Swinton 10 Brighou3e Rangers ... ....... 17 St Helens home 24 Runcorn 31 Batley Vet). 7 Salford borne 14 Cup Tie 21 Cup Tie 24 Shrove Tuesday 28 Hull home Mar. 7 Oldham 14 Broughton Rangers home 21 Kingston Rovers 28 Hunslet Apr. 4 Wigan away 10 (Good Friday) Halifax ..... , home 11 Widnes 13 (Easter Monday) 18 Bradford 25 Huddersfield .. home

I

I

Points For agst Sep. 6 Swinton away 012 13 Brighouse Rangers 20 St Helens ... away 18 5 27 Runcorn Oct 4 Batley 11 Salford 18 Halifax 25 Leigh Rov. I Hull 8 Oldham

===== 0002601_19021003_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WOULDN'T BELIEVE AT FIRST.

"I wouldn't believe it till I tried it; but 'FORCE' is a cure for ihsomnia. I used to stay awake night after night. Now I eat a big bowlful of' FORCE' just before going to bed ; and sleep and I have become good friends again." (Name furnished on application.)

-.-I'''. : „

===== 0002601_19021003_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points 1902 For agst Sep, 1 ` Hunslet home 15 5 6 Widnes 13 Bradford 20 Huddersfield home 8 0 27 Warrington Oct 4 Brighouse Rangers 11 St Helens 18 Swiston home Nov 1 Salford 8 Halifax 15 Leigh ..... ... ..

22 Mill 29 Oldham Dee 6 Broughton Rangers 13 Hull K Rovers home 20 Hunslet 26 Batley 27 Wigan away 1903 Jan 3 Widnes 10 Bradford 17 Hudierefield 24 Warrington 31 Brighouse Rangers away Feb 7 St Helens 24 Swinton away 28 Salford Mar 7 Halifax 14 Leigh home 21 Hull away 28 Oldham home Apr 4 Broughton Rangers away 11 Hull Kingston Rovers sr away 13 Batley home 13 Hunslet 25 Wigan home

===== 0002601_19021003_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

FIXTIJRES AND SCORES.

Points. 1 1902 For Agst Sep 6 Runcorn 13 Batley 20 Salford 27 Halifax home 2 T Oct 4 Leigh away 11 Hull home 18 Oldham away 25 Broughton Rangers away Nov 1 Hull Kingston Rovers home 8 Hunslet away 15 Wigan home _- _ .

22 Swinton away 29 Bradford Dec 6 Haddonfield away 13 Warrington

20 Brighouse Rangers 27 St. Helens home 1903 Jan 1 Oldham home 3 Runcorn home 10 Batley away 17 Salford 24 Halifax 31 Leigh home Bab 7 Hull away 28 Hull Ringoton Rovers 34 a r 7 Hamlet home 14 Wigan away . .

2t Swinton home 28 Bradford away APrl 4 Huddersfield 11 Warrington 13 Broughton Rangers 18 Brighouse Rangers.... ......... 25 St. Helens away

===== 0002601_19021003_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. Points 1902 For agst Sept 6 Bradford home 11 21 13 Huddersfield 20 Warrington home 518 27 Brighouse Rangers Oct 4 Swinton home II Runcorn 18 Batley 25 Salford home Nov 1 Halifax 8 Leigh

15 ilgr 12 Oldham, away _e°29 Brouehton Rangers a, • 6 Hull Kingston Rovers away 13 If unslet 20 Wigan away 27 1903 Widnes away jan 1 Batley 3 Bradford home 10 Huddersfield away 17 Warrington home 31 24 Brighouse 11;;;Iie . Swinton ............. Feb 7 Runcorn ............. 28 Halifax Mar 7 Leigh home 14 Hull 21 Oldham , 28 Broughton Rangers sway home Apl 4 Hull Kingston Rovers • 11 Hunslet home , 13 Salford ... ....... ... , 18 Wigan • 25 Wiines _..

v, A Glasgow telegram on Tuesday night says th a 1 "eotch coalmasters have eoncluded good contracts for ehipment of anthracite coal to AMETICS, owing to e strike in the United States. At Liverpool on Tuesday a prosecution under a tones :23'-laer for spitting in a tramcar reaulted in a fine of. 5 7,11c1 costs. The magistrates commended the prosecution _the eround that indiscriminate spitting is Rot only 'rcY but injurious to tealth. " Daily News " understands that the latilloiPal t—rernbers of the Imperial Protestant Federation are J.anising a deputation to the Home Secretary for the troose of fenuring the immediate release from prison of John Alfred Kensit In the rnAantime a letter of 4./olest has been sent to the Home Secretary.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK ANYBODY

14" kas tried lloldroyd's Gravel Pills what they think of tvbern. They're bound to say they are a positive cure for '41.114,13ag0, Gravel, Pains in the Back, Wind, Dropsy, Geut ..1411e7. Disease, &e. Try one box Is. 10., all Chemists, 12 stamps. Roldroyd's Medical Hall, Cleckheatou 'ell"' (2).

===== 0002601_19021003_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

A Carter's Fatal Fall.

At the Coroner's Court on Monday evening, Mr Brighouse conducted an inquiry relative to the death of Richard Rowlinson, 67 years of age, a carter formerly in the employ of Mr Isherwood,con- tractor.—Mr Unsworth appeared on behalf of Mr Isherwood and Mr Longton for the relatives.—Mrs Huzzey, a widow, living .at 50, Pierpoint-street, stated that the deceased had lodged with her for the past twelve months. On the 14th of June last he came home and said he bad hurt his left side by falling off his lurry at Messrs Crosfield's works whilst loading there. She poulticed him and after- wards went for Dr Joseph who attended him. He appeared to get better but on the 13th inst he became worse and died on the 25th inst. She asked the doctor what was the matter with deceased and he told her that deceased had fractured the lower rib on the left side and had lacerated the kidneys—William Johnson, crane driver at Messrs Crosfield's works,residing at 14, Milner-street,stated that about two o'clock en Saturday, the 14th June last, be was assisting the deceased to load his Itirry with cases of glycerine, each of which weighed about 11 cwts. The deceased was on the lurry and was in the act of placing one of the elves in position when he slipped and fell off the vehicle on to an iron drum which was on the side of the lurry. De- ceased did not appear to be much injured at the time and was able to take his horse and lurry away from the yard.—Richard Rowlinson, eldest son of the deceased, stated that he saw his father re- peatedly afer the accident. His father told him how the accident occured, but he never said any- thing which would lead witness to suppose anyone was to blame for the accident.—The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental Death."

===== 0002601_19021003_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Coming of Age Celebration.

Last Friday evening about 30 of the workmen of Messrs G Artingetall and Co„ wire-weavers, metal perforators and brush manufacturers, Latchford Works, assembled at the Wiumarleigh Cafe, Sankey- street, to celebrate the coming of age of Mr William O'Brien, of the Engineering Department. After an excellent and substantial dinner, for which expres- sions of appreciation were duly tendered to the caterers, the company settled themselves for a social evening, presided ever by Mr Arthur Griffiths I (general foreman), supported by Mr P O'Brien, Mr Daniel Jones, Mr W A Jones, &c. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr W Miller. The toasts of " The King," "The Queen and Royal Family," having been duly honoured, Mr A Griffiths delivered a speech, pointing out bow under varying conditions the majority of those present had been associated with Mr W O'Brien (for the past seven years), the high appreciation in which they held his conduct character and efforts, and his sincere hope' that his life and action in the future would tend to intensify rather than diminish their regard and respectiThese remarks were supplemented in a capital speech by Mr W Miller,who as an older but contemporary apprentice and fellow workman, wished him health and future prosperity. This toast was cordially accepted, and in response Mr W O'Brien thanked all his friends and fellow work- men, absent and present for the kindly goodwill and cheerful words he had ever received from them during the period of his apprenticeship, making it a time to be looked back'upon with pleasure. Mr P O'Brien proposed "The future prosperity of Messrs 0 Artingstall and Co," coupling with it the health and happiness of the Managing Director, Mr Arthur Jones, who though' unable to be present with them through pressure of other engagements, had given expression of his sympathy with the gathering. This toast was enthusiastically received with musical honours, and responded to by Mr :Daniel Jones and Mr W A Jones who expressed their deep sense of gratification and pleasure at the cordial and kindly reception of their father's name. During the evening the fol- lowing programme was carried out :—Songs, Mr A Griffiths, " Mona,"" Jacks come home to-day "and "Johnny Sands " ; songs, Mr Houghton, " Mary of Argyle "and "'There is a flower that bloometh song, Mr Howard, "The Banks of Allan Water"; recitation, Mr Matthewman, " firing butter "; song, Mr Wright, "The Fighting Fusiliers " ; song, Mr T Hockenbull," Genevieve"; song, Mr P O'Brien,"The Southron Sea "; Mr Bert Wright ably fulfilling the duties of pianist. The health of the chairman being toasted, the singing of the "National Anthem ' brought a very pleasant evening to a conclusion.

SI OP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. A. DOCTOR'S TESTIMONY. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is a scientific remedy, remarkable for its brilliant cures of coughs, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, influenzl and children's coughs, far superior to ordinary cough mixtures, or any of the emulsions. George Knox, M.D, 256, Second Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pa., writes " Veno's Lightning Cough Cure excels in chronic coughs and bronchitis, and is especially safe for childrec."Price is 1d and 23 9d Sold everywhere by chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. ELIJAH FORD.

The Funeral.

On Saturday afternoon the remains of the late Mr Elijah Ford, whose painfully sudden death was reported in our last issue, were interred in the Warrington Ceme- tery. The first part of the funeral service was conduc- ted in Bold-street Wesleyan Church in the presence of relatives and friends of the deceased dnd many local preachers. The ministers present were the Revs G H Carnson, W C J Neville, and J. Gunnell. The Rev G H Carnson, the newly-appoin- ted superintendent of the circuit, said he had not had the pleasure of knowing the deceased, but what he bad heard of him was to his credit and glory. It was not given to every man to be a local preacher for 44 years. That was quite a long stretch, and a record of goad and useful toil in connection with the Church of Christ. It was a source of great joy to the family to know that Mr Ford's Church work was acceptable throughout the whole of that time, and that people desired to listen to him. He had heard that their brathcr was a good class leader. Let them hope that that portion of Church work was not falling away. He knew he had been out of health for some time and the family had been anxious about him, but he doubted whether they were prepared for such a sudden end. Sadden death—sudden glory—was an old Methodist phrase and, if all was right with one, it was a true phrase. Prayer having been offered, the organist played the dead march in" Saul." The cortege then proceeded to the cemetery, the hearse being preceded by the follow- ing :—Roos G H Carnson, W C J Neville, and J Gunnell (Wesley an ministers), Messrs S Moss, W C Nicholson, I Johnson, P Stringer, W Collier, F Wright, W Light, J Bailey, M Osborne, S B Stringer, J II Wildman, A Perkins, Ackerley, E W Evans, G W Littler, II Waldman and R Moss (local preachers) ; and Messrs F W Pearson, J Ditchfield. F Dickson, W Gleave and _G Word, and T Heaver. The mourners were :—Messrs W H Fcrd, A Ford. and Masters Percy and John Ford (Sons), Mrs Joseph Ford, Misses Nellie and Ethel Ford (daughters), Mrs Howarth,MancheEter, and Mrs Roberts, Weaverham (sisters) ; Mrs Joseph Ford (son-in-law) ; Mr W H Ford, Manchester (nephew) and Councillor

At the graveside several other friends were present in- cluding Councillor A Bennett, and Messrs J W Hayward, A Lunt, R Lunt, T S Steel, Richardson, W Bennett, C Roylance (Moore), R Cook, E Lawson, and R Lewis. The service was conducted by the Revs G il Carnson and WC J Neville in a very impressive manner. Many floral tributes had been received including one from the Moore Wesleyan Church "as a mark of esteem and respect."

COMMERCIAL FARA:lBM—According to " Kemp's mer- cantile Gazette," the number of new bankruptcy pro- ceedings in England and Wales trazetted during the week ending September 27th, was 76. The number in the corresponding week of last year waa 73, showing an Increase of 3, being a net decrease in 1902, to date, of 21,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

&lonld ,end two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoldea,a removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the Mel% ! Safe, Sure and aenuine Remedy, Never Fails. Thousands 3,,tn i.als Ir .`. ,Dalstn-lane, London.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY OCTOBER 3, 190!.1

===== 0002601_19021003_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
In Tins, 1/-, 2/-, 10/-, Everywhere.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
BLINDNESS

STE'

, ; 7 .. .„ • .• ,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERPRESS PRINTING, AND IPOOKBINDING. ESTIMATES GIVEN O. APPLICATION JOHN WALKER AND CO., BB WSBY-STUERTMAIIIIINGiuDi.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR PRINTWG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS JOHN WALKER AND CO„ AMINES OFFICE, WARE' NGTON

===== 0002601_19021003_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A COX.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
- 4 , HACL

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, im

aired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Femaie Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, TuomAs BEECICAM St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) aid 2s. 9d, each, with full diiections. Sold. everywhere.

CRITERION CYCLES.- SPECIAL OFFER, X 12.12.0, Sample far \ X 0.5.0 Carriage Pa.id,Free Wheel Plated Rims, Two Rim Braker&

La dies' or Gent's. guirantud Trn. 14 Aldridge Road, Parry Bar, Birminglaatn.

THB IfiliNT"OF =VIDA* MAKIIs BTARCtiivb LINEN LUKE RW THE GHICATheIg 1. BOON ever o I gored to Use Leondlessi fqr imparting an l'Amni finish t 0 Stara:seri Linen. Laces, etc. does not sttok to s web-like ma s. Once tried wanted. Used in Po yal Laundries. boald be used in bduse. Sold by mOst by Starcil;, Wien' In Packets, a% and 6d Prepared only T. CHISCELKY, Blackbriria4:.,

_ Tglirm! 41'4

C'l3 I C rS. -

===== 0002601_19021003_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
151JAII:?,,o, GOUT -w

IP X L. L. FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The oxcruciating Pain Is quickly relieved. Sure. Sale. effective. All Chemists and stores at le. lid. sad 2s. ad.

flvr'-vs

CURES when all other Remedies fail.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet, If you suffer, try a boa, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/11. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN

Why suffer7from pains and misery caused by Bervoustim Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send fe my book, which shows how every mon, young and old. eon be tboropoly and quickdy cured without STUNIACII ERBIOINEorBLINARIOITY. specimens of lettere received, aud var mteed gened •• I cannot find words to express Juan....f. am. used to think I never would get cure I. I wish I had Been your adveri,isement at first, I shoLid have saved many pound '" I nave carried out your instructions, and am now per I ectly kook rent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LEIGH. 92 and 9,3, Great Russell Street, London. W.O. Sendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succeed

IMADE

===== 0002601_19021003_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
1%4 'WO Ereik,

IcT-Oft

11,4

Si weld a Fief now gaols el ohm nal rut Fla.

Do "COUNT ROTE." Bob, Corrlagssuu supplisi is 211 leadlng families are hand- gents &ly non I carrar,ls rsnownsd tar thia bed niss Comfort • Eau ar harming. flottilog bettor can bt mad,. norrilify l'ajor•att from $l-. Usuts Ilastiod Ererywhers. tatsisgs• st tesigns free LLOYD COMTS & ilandecturofs, Cotrintry.

:13Irt1T CCUCI4 far KEATING S LOZENGES} --.EASILY CURE et I t. ays ):‘ THE WORST COtht)f V; One gives relief. An increasing sale Of Over 80 years is a certain I; test of their value- Sold in 131 d. tins everywhere. :

• 1 . , ekN's .11 • qkt7j‘A . wall°l4`prie; ..1"*".•;•• .050 4011117'

===== 0002601_19021003_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
~.,.,......:.::.;..,:.;,,.,-.,.;:,i,....,,:,,,,,..1,_.,-.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There was a fair attendance at the meeting of this Society on Sunday. Mr. A. Striven occupied the chair and spoke upon "Sound Ductrine," in which he referred to the supreme claims of Christ and His gospel. Mr. J Thompson, of Liverpool, also spoke and delivered an earnest, pointed address upon doing good unto all men. Mr 9 Rowland contributed a solo on the violin "I know that my Redeemtr liveth." Mr Payton, mus. bac. pre- sided at the organ. The service was also taken part in toy Mr J Bailey, Mr T L Robins and Mr B Farrar. St ALBAN'S CHURCH. Tw,, sermons in aid of the mission were preached in St. Allosn's Roman Catholic Church, Bewsey-street, on Sunday., Co largo congre:?,ations be the Rev Father Brown, S.J., rector of the Holy Name, Manchester. solemn high mars was celebrated at 11 a.m. Special music was rendered at each service, Mr J B Calwell presiding at the organ with his usual ability. BENS-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. The harvest.festival was held on Sunday. The church was very tastefully decorated and its appearance re- flected the greatest credit upon the lady-members of the congregation who had been entrusted with the work. The preacher in the morning was the Rev W C J Neville and in the evening the Rev G 11 Cartoon. During the repairs 'to the organ the acoompaniments to the hymns, ke., sr supplied by an °reheat'', and on Sun- day it was under the conductorship of Mr F Pend'ebury. Anthems eud hymns were sung at each service and the collections real;zod close upon £lO. On Monday even- ing the fruit, vegetables' bread, and flowers used in the decoration of the church were sold, the proceeds being devoted to the relief of the poor of the church.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHAPEL.

The autumnal anniversary in connection with the above church was held last Sunday—somewhat later than' the usual time—but fortunately the weather, so important a factor in the suceess of these services. proved very favourable and ona of the finest Sundays of the few enjoyed this last summer was experienced. As a Jesuit the services, all day were very successful. In the morning a chi.dren's service was held and there was a gocd attendance of scholare, a large number of whom brought contributions of fl ewers which were placed in the Comunion by the teachers and presented a beauti- ful and refreshing sight, throughout the day. The preacher was the Rev Thomas Ho', heirs°, the blind pastor of Middleton, who gave a very suitable and practical address on " Children's Crumbs "and he was listened to by the children with special interest. Suitable hymns were sung by the children and a pleasing service was enjoyed.—ln the afternoon the chapel was well filled with an adult congregation, and the Rev Thomas Holehouse again preached on " He death all things well," an effective and touching exposition of the dealings of God in providence. The choir sang the anthem " Praise the Lord 0 Jerusalem " in good time and tune.—Tea was provided in the sehool- room for friends at a distance, and any others who wished to stay at the evening service, and a considerable number availed themselves of the provision; spending the interval between tea and service in walking through ' the graveyard, which had been thrown open for the occasion, and the lanes round about, greatly enjoying the autumn scene.—ln the evening the chapel was full twenty minutes before time of service, and when toe service began was packed to overflowing, includiag the adjoining schoolroom. Such a crowded congregation has rarely if ever assembled before on these autumnal oceasione. The Rev Thomas Holehouse again occupied the pulpit,accompanied at each service her the pastor, the Rev J S Hughes, but it is interesting to state that blind though Mr Holehouse is, and that from his earliest in- I fancy, he conducted the entire service, giving out the hymns and reading the lessons, as any other preacher would, Mr Hughes g.ving nut the announcements only. Mr Holehouse's topic at night was "The beauty of the Lord "and he preached an excellent sermon, full of beautiful thou:hes and pathetic appeal,and was liitened to with rapt attention. The choir gave a capital render- ing of the anthem " God reigneth." Mr Willie Hellas, the organist, presided at the organ all day, and played with great ability euch voluntaries as "Ave Verum," communion in A flat, " Offertoire," " Trumpet March," and " 0 Thou that hearest prayer " and others. The collections for the day amounted to close upon £l4, exceeding those of last year. The flowers were distributed after the close ef the evening service for sick ones at home and the Warrington lafirmary.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY SOCIETY PRESENTATION TO MR. S. TAYLOR.

At a concert arranged by the Runcorn friendly societies and held in the Tcchnical Institute on Monday, Mr S Taylor,chairman of the Urban District Council was pvesented with a handsome illuminated address from the members of the Duke's Club Friendly Society, the "RoE e of Sharon" Lodge (No. 1,195) G.U.O. Oddfellows, and the" Lily of the Vailey" Lodge (No. 515 G.U.O. Odd- fellows. The address, which was a specimen of elegant penmanstrip,and handsomely framed, read as follows : •• Coronation of B.M. King Edward VII., August 9:h, 1902. To Samuel Taylor, Eq., J.P., chairman of the Runcorn Urban District Council. Sir,—Your invita- tion to the Runcorn friendly societies to take part is the public celebration of the Coronation of the King Cords a favourable opportunity to express our respect and regard for you as a townsman who for a long ani continwus period has taken an onerous and honourable share in all the duties and obligations of a citizen. You have on many ock:asions, both in public sad pri7ate,shown a cordial interest in our local institu- tions,especially those having as their object the welfare of the industrial section of the community. Your con- stant advocacy of the necessity for an accident hosoital as a worthy commemoration of the Coronation of King Edward the Seventh,your munificent support and active work in its behalf, and its erection during your chair- manship, for the fourth time, of our local governing body, abundantly prove your sympathy with the kind of suffering to which the members of our societies are unfortunately always exposed, and your desire to supplement the work of our societies in a most practical and helpful form. We trust that you may have vouchsafed to your life, health and oppor- tunity to continue your encouraging interest in all movements,ior the progress of our town and the well- being of its inhabitants.—On behalf of the Duke's Club Friendly Society, Robert William Owen, James Hankers George HoUngworth ; Rose of Sharon ' Lodge, No. 1,195, G.U.O. Oddtellows, Thomas Booth, William Lambert, Tioomas Davies ; ' Lily of the Valley ' Lodge No 515,0.U.0., Oddfellows,Waltar Worthington,Thomas Parry, John Eolt, Runcorn, 1902." Mr John Holt presided and was accompanied on the platform by Mr Taylor and Messrs Davies,Uollingworth, W Worthington, T Booth, Lambert, J Hankers, R W Owen and Parry. Mr F J Norman and Dr McDougall were also present. Tbe address was read by Mr Dolling- worth and Mr T Davies. the oldest friendly society secretary in Runcorn, made the presentation. Mr Taylor, in response, detailed the scheme for the provision of a hospital and said that though a number ef individuals who had subscribed nobly, were £tl-00 or 2.500 short yet. They hoped the building would be opened in the early part of January, and that it would be opened free from debt. (Applause )

HEAVY' FINE FOR POACHING. AT NEWTON.

- At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Robert Jones and Jaosea Hornby,of Pemberton,were charged on two informations with coming from land in the occupa- tion of Mr Robert Stone, Newton, and being in possession of a number of rabbits aud poaching implements. Jones did not appear, and Mernby pleaded guilty.—P S Bancks stated that at 4 45 a m on September 24th he was in Park Side-road. Newton, in company with P C Benson and two other con- stables, wen he saw the defendants coming along the road each carrying a bag. lie told them he suspected they were unlawfully in possession of game. Jones said : think you have been watching us all night." while Nornby remarked : "it is the first time for me." Witness then searched them. Jones's bag •contained Ems rabbits, nine pegs, a long net, and a stone. and Hornby had a long line, suet. seven pegs, a stone and ,three rabbits. Witness took possession of them.—Ques- tioned by Inspector Forster witness said the length of the nets was 53 yards. The line was known as a driving line, with which to beat the fields, instead of em- NlOying dogs Stcnes were often .used as weanms. Witness had, had them used to him before.—ln- spector Forster said he tad had complaints from gentlemen who owned shooting land in the neighbourhood where defen- dants were found. Defendants belonged to a gang of poanh- re, Jones having been previously convicted for a similar offence. —Jones was fined 20s and costs in each case, and Horaby I.os .and costs on each tharge, the nets and lines to be forfeited.

INJURY TO AN EARLESTOWN FOOTBALL PLAYER. On Satoarday afternoon during the progress of the match between Earlestown and Stalybridge on the ground of the former,' Andy" Limond, Earlestown's clever half back received a severe kick on .the ankle, which necessitated his retire- ment from the field. He is now receiving medical treatment, but it will be some weeks before he will oe able to play again. SEAWEED A-G A MEDICINE.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EFFECT UPON THE

STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS & BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural stresgthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than otter known remedies. This is now conceded by impottant snarl. rities. It was first intrsiuced by Mr Veno, and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed. for that reason Veno's Seaweed Tonic Is I used in hospitals and by doctors them•elves because of its superior curative properties. Pi most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is rositiva propf of its efficacy. It is a god. end to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache, general weaknesP, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles,poorness of blood and HAIMVAL COVSTIPATION. Ask for STENO'S SEAWEED TONIC, Prieq 1$ lid and Zs 91 at chemists /sod medi- cine vendors.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

RAGGED SCHOOL AND MISSION, BANK-STREET,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

The harvest festival was held on Sunday. In the afternoon at 2 30 a service of song entitled "The Little Gleaners " was given by the choir and friends. with the assistance of a band. The soloists were Mrs Colley,Miss A Higginson, and Mr A Cotterill. Tne connective read. ings were supplied by Mr Alfred Hulme. In toe evening at 6 30 " Joe Corbett," evangelist, was the preacher,and Mr Upson,in the unavoidable absence of Mr C E Parker, of Penketh, presided and delivered an interesting address. Special hymns and ant hsms were rendered by the choir, Mr F Oven acting as CC nductor, and Mr J Bltke.more as organist.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The harvest thtnksgiving services were held in the Wesleyan Cnnrch, Padgate, on Sunday. Toe preacher both ail the morning and evening services was the Rev W W Cherry, of Didsbury College, Manchester. The olourch was beautifully de cNiated with corn and flowers and presented a very pretty appearance,the communion rail and table being especially beautiful. The work of decoration bad been carriPd out by the tollowing ladies, ' viz., Mrs W Bennett, Mrs Adamson, Miss Bennett (Bruche Heath), Miss Bennett and Miss C J Bennett (Lyndhurst), Miss Florrie Bennett (Weetlands), Miss Gindy, Miss :May Gandy, Miss Mason, Miss E Mason. and Miss Lilian Wright, to whom gr a praiFe is due for the charming effect produced. Good congregations were present at . each service, teat in the evening being especially large. In tl'e morning the anthem " Thou that visitest the earth" was welt rendered by the choir, while at the evening service the anthem " Ttie eyes of all wait upon Thee " was sung. Miss J Bennett presided at the organ,

CAIRO-STREET UNITARIAN CHAPEL, WARRINGTON.

The annual harvest festival in connection with this place of worship was held on Sunday. There were large congregations, especially in the evening, when chairs had to he placed in the ahlas for the accommodation of worshippers. The decorations, though not on an exten- sive scale were pretty arid effective, and were much ad- mired. The musical part of the services was of a very attractive character. A number of suitable hymns were sung, a Lid a couple of anthems rendered in a highly creditable manner by the choir, namely, in the morning "Look on the fields" (C. Macpherson); and evening " Behold I give you every herb" (Cuthbert Harris). Mr J M Muir presided at the organ. In the, afternoon a special school service was held in the chapel, and was conducted by Mr H S Knowles. The preacher, morning and evening, am the Rev Charles Hargrove. M.A., of Leeds. His discourse in the. E vening was based on the nVents recorded in the 16th chapter of Exodus—including the supply of bread from heaven—and also the feeding of 5,000 men with five barley loaves and two fishes. The preacher contended that even these miracles were as nothing compared with the feeding of the people of the world with bread year after year. There was the bare field to be turned up by the plough—a most unpro- mising looking field compared with what it was a short time before. The seed of which the supply was so small compared with the wcrld'a demand was scattered broad- cast. What magic charm could recover it again? What scientific invention could be found to meet tem case ? None at all. The miracle that now took place was greater than any recorded in the Bible. Though they bad no control over these things, they trusted God. He was not fickle that He should give and take away. tie neither slumbered nor slept, and it was their duty to trust Him to the utmost and always.—The offertories were on behalf of the District Nursing Association.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S, GREAT SANKEY.

A great event in the yearly routine of the church work is the harvest thanksgiving service and although the preparation of the church involves a great amount of hard work, the time is always ungrudgingly given by the lady members of the congregation. It is ques- tionable if any church in the district can compare with the Sankey Parish Church for lavish and tasteful decora- tion on Harvest Thanksgiving Day. Certain it is that at the evening service the Church is unfailingly packed by visitors from other parishes and every available inch of space occupied. The farmers and others in the parish have as usuahgiven of their corn and produce to decorate the ledifice, and the opinion was freely expressed on Sunday that the effect was even better than usual. At the ' approach to the chancel was erected a screen of corn , and flowers, while the pillars and gas standards were wreathed with serpentine strings of corn &o. The win- dow bottoms were decorated with splendid fruit and flowers, and suitable mottoes, such as " Holy is the Harvest," and "Thou crow nest the year with Thy good- ness," were effectively displayed. Some very fine I baskets of ferns were suspended from the I principals, and the pulpit and font were tastefully embellished. The morning service was I conducted by the Vicar, the Rev. J. R. Jones M.A., and was very well attended. He preached a telling ser- mon from the 10th and 11th verses of the 23rd chapter of Leviticus. The choir gave a very finc rendering of the anthem, " Great is the Lord," and harvest hymns were sung. In the afternoon a children's flower 82rvice was held, when the Vicar delivered a suitable address, , and pointed out the lessons of the harvest to the children At the conclusion of the service the children brought their offerings of flowers and laid them on the chancel table. These were afterwards sent to the Infirmary. The evening service was a crowded one, and the clergy were the Rev J R Jones and Rev Alden Nash, of Liver- pool. The hymns were specially selected,and the anthem I "And God said" was well rendered by the choir. Preaching from the 26th verse of the 34th chapter of I Exodus, the Rev Alden Nash gave a picturesque account I of the ancient harvest festival. He was attentively listened to throughout. Collections were taken et each service and realized the sum of £27 14s. Miss M E Standish officiated at the organ at each service.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCJRN.

- The harvest thanksgiving services were continued at Holy Trinity Church On Sunday, when the preacher, morning and evening, was the Rev L D Lyon Bennett, vicar of Little Leigh. A children's service was held in the afternoon, and an address was delivered by Mr Bennett. There was special music at all the services. In the evening the choir sang the anthem " The eyes of all wait upon Thee" (Vincent). The collections were in aid of the curate fund.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL.

The annual services at the Primitive Methodist Chapel were conducted on Sunday,the Rev F J Hadfield preach- ing, ccorning and evening. A public meeting was held in the afternoon and an excellent programme was rendered. On Monday evening a tea meeting was held in which the wcrkers took part, after which the fruit, vegetables, &0., were sold.. • 7..,7; PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, RUNCORN. The annual harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Greenway-road, on Sunday. TM decorations, which were very tasteful, bad been done by lady members of the congregation. A splendid harp was hung in front of the organ. The front of the pulpit was effectively adorned, and the window recesses were filled with fruit and vegetables. The table was laden with fruit, kc. The preacher, morning and evening, was the Rev W A Eyre W 13083 sub- jects were " Our daily bread " and " God's goodness and man's ingratitude." The music was arproprixte to the festival. The morning anthem was " Sing unto the Lord of Harvest." The solo was taken by Mr T Sayle. lAt the evening eery ice the aLthems were " Great and Marvellous " and " 0 pladsome light." In the first anthem Mr T Hillridge sang the solo and Mrs Pritchard and Mr Hillridge the duet. In the harvest hyrem the solo was taken by Mr H Woodward. The services were well attended. There was an especially large congrega- tion in the evening. Collections were taken for the Society Fond. On Monday evening a tea and coffee supper was provided, and the fruit, &c, were sold.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S, EARLESTOWN.

The harvest thanksgiving services of St John's Parish Church, Esrlestown, were commenced on Sunday when the pulpit was occupied at the three services by the Rev J E Hack (rector of Freckleton). There were large con- gregations, especially in the evening, when the cturch was so crowded that a number of people could not be accommodated. The hymns and music were of an appropriate character, and the anthems " Smg to the Lord of Harvest,"" Fear not, 0 Land," and " 0 Clap your hands," were respectively song in the morning, afterneon and evening by the choir, who had been ad- mirably trained. At the afternoon service, which was preceded by an address to the Bible classes by the Rev J E Hack, the Viaduct Prize Band, consisting of 20 mem- bers, conducted by Mr Appleton, played the selections ss we never will bow down," Mozart's beventh Mss and " The Better Land," and also accompanied the hymns. In the evening the band gave "Hall, bright abode," " Eventide," and the" Hallelujah Chorus.'' Owing to the small harvest this year the supply of decorative material was not so great as in previous years, but the work of ernlyAlistanent was very effectively done. The collections for the day realized over £l2. The services were continued on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday evenings, when the preachers were respectively the Revs E Stredder, Harpurhey, Manchester ; J Worsham, M.A. (vicar of St Paul's, Oldham) ; and .1' Wood. EARLESTOWN BAPTIST CHURCH. The annual special services in connection with the ingathering Pf the harvest were held in the Baptist iChurch, Earlestown, on Sunday. The edifice was very prettily decorated with a profusion of fruit, flowers and vegetables, the lady members of the congregation working hard with the decorations, the result being an.st gratifying. The pulpit during the day was coon- pied by the Rev H Duunico, of Warrington, whose dis- courses were appropriate to the occasion. In the after- noon a musical service was given by the choir, which was mirth enjoyed by the large congregation present. —On Monday evening a public tea meeting was held, about 200 persons partaking of tea. Aplea.sing enter- tainment was afterwards given the musical aterne being submitted by the Mama/Wee glee party.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PEARSON AND KNOWLES'COAL AND IRON CO, LIMITED. 29th General Meeting.

A Successful Year.

The 29th ordinary general meeting of rho above com- pany was held at the company's offioes, Warrington, on Tuesday, " for the purpose of ree3iving and passing the accounts for the year ending June 30th, and for transacting the general business of the company." Mr J S Harmood Banner (chairman of the Board of Directors), presided, and the other directors present were Mr William H Sleekly (deputy ebalrman), Mr Ed. Beck, Mr John J Bleckly, Mr George F Pearson, Mr Rd Brancker,and Mr W Peter Rylands ; shareholders Messrs II Sleekly, John Knowles, J A Littltr, Vim Richardson, J Paul Rvlands, David Garnett, Thomas Gandy, jun., Ctias E Bunch, John Sleekly, J and A S Sleekly, with Mr James Dodds (secretary of the company) Mr W 8 Blease (one of the auditors).

===== 0002601_19021003_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
AUDITOR'S REPORT.

The SECRETARY having read the notice convening the meeting and the auditors' report, the Chairman pro- duced a list of the shareholders,and said that duly sealed proxies bad been received representing 265 shareholders and 11,946 share!.

THE REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS.

The report of the directors is as follows :—" The profits for the year ending June 30th, 1902, amount to £62,864 13s 103, and the balance brought forward tram last year is £10,133 85, together £72,993 is 103. An interim dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum on both preference and ordinary shares was paid in March last for the half-rear ending December 31st, 1901, amounting to £25,362 105, and the directors now recom- mend that for the past half-year a similar dividend be declared, making a total distribution of £50,709 7s 63 for the year. The directors further recommend that £5,000 be written off the colliery leases and goodwill account, and £lO,OOO be added to the reserve fund, and that the balance of £7,288 14s 43 be carried farward. With the object of safe-guarding and developing the company's trade in wire rode, which constitutes one of the most important branches of their business,the direc- tors have invested a part of the reserve fund in the acquisition of shares, giving a preponderating interest in the works of their largest customer, with whom they have been in close alliance from the earliest days of the company's existence, and by agreement with the execu- tors of the late proprietors the whole property will gradually be taken over. The course of business during the year has been unsatisfactory, and both coal and iron have suffered from declining prices and curtailed profits' largely due to the severity of foreign competi- tion and the dislocation of trade brought stout by the war in South Africa. In compliance with the articles of association, Mr W Peter Rylands retires from the Board, and is eligible for re-election. The auditors, Messrs Blease and Sons, also retire, and are eligible for re-election.—(Signed) J• S. HARMOOD BANNER, chair- man." Mr BANNER,hI moving the adoption of the reports con- gratulated the shareholders upon the result af the year's working, at any rate in reference to the coal trade. The balance sheet was carefully analysed, and the Chairman remarked that between June, 1900, and June this year the price of coal had decreased from 133 33 to 83, and wages had declined only 83 a ton. Colliery proprietors had, therefore, no ordinary difficulties to face. Fortun- ately this company had not paid away their profits in dividends up to the hilt in the past. (Hear,hear.) They had built up such a reserve fund—and it would be seen from the balance sheet that they were making a sub- stantial addition to it that day—that they were in a position to face difficult times with more courage than would otherwise have been the case. He hoped the combination which had been recently effected in the iron department would assure them of a fair average profit, but it was very difficult to compete against foreigners who, when the slightest demand arose, came to this country and " dumped " down their stuff hers at prices below the cost of manufacture. They had also to contend against the fact that Americans had recently raised a great demand for iron in this country, which had resulted in an advance in the price of raw material. Mn. R. H. BLECKLY AND FOREIGN COMPETITION.

_ Mr. W. U. BLECICLY, in secoadicg the motion, said : —I wish once more to draw your attention for a moment to the serious question of foreign competition, which bids fair in the near future to destroy a large por- tion of the iron and steel export trade of this country, not because we cannot beat the foreigners on even terms, for we can, but because we are pitted against matiufacturers who by reason of large protective tariffs at home, are enabled to sell to our customers abroad materially below the cost of production either in their own country or ours. I told you last year that one article which we produce to the extent of 25,000 tons per annum our competitors in Germany were se ling for exportation at a loss of upwards of £2 per ton, which their enormous tariff enabled them to do. This still goes on. One of our _ _

customers, the head of a large firm of merchants, wrote us a short time ag3. in reference to our foreign corn- pctitorte prices, winding up by saying: "Our manu- facturers want waking up." He absolutely thought that by waking up we could meet this kind of competi- tion, and make a profit when Germans were prepared to sell at a loss of more than £2 aton, if necessary, to take our trade from US. I decline to admit that we are not awake. We are always glad, willing, and anxious to learn, and we even flatter ourselves that at the present moment there are many things we can manufacture better and cheaper than the foreigners. (Hear, hear). But what trade can compete eventually against foreign bounties such as we have to meet ? The old advice was "find new markets." Unfortunately there are not many new markets left in the world, and as soon as they are found our bounty-fed competitors are in a better position to supply them than we are. South Africa promises to be a good market, but, like India, I am afraid the bulk of its iron and steel require- ments will be supplied by the foreigner as long as the present high tariffs prevail. It is not for British manufacturers to wake up—they are awake already—but the proper people to wake up are the British shareholders who are being deprived of their dividends' and British working men , who are being robbed of their living by having to work short time, when but for the foreign tariffs there would be good dividends for the one and work enough to keep the others working full time. This is a digression, but I think it is very necessary that we ought all to under- stand the difficulties that this foreign competition is placicg us in. We may work as economically as we like we may look after our own markets, we may meet our customers in every possible way, as it is our study always to do: We are wide enough awake to look after that sort of thing, but however wide awake we are we cannot alter the question c,f the tariff, which is killing our trade by inches. I have great pleasure in sr cond- ing the resolution that the report now submitted be approved and adopted. The report was then unanimously passed. The CHAIRMAN moved : " That the usual dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum on the preference shares, for the half year ending the 301,13 June last, and a dividend at the rate of 6 per coat, per annum, free of income tax, on the ordinary shares, be paid on and after this date." Mr J J BLECRLY, ih seconding, said : I think the general conclusion we must arrive at,after hearing what we have heard this morning, is thaa our, trade is in a very difficult position. We can only console ourselves with the fact that we are sailing in a well-found vessel, well manned with r o3d officers. and that we mean to fight it through. (Hear, bear.) If the iron trade of this country is doomed we must submit, but as long as there is an iron trade to carry on we mean to have our share In it. I have much pleasure in seconding the resolu- tion.

The resolution having been passed. Mr G F PELRSON proposed: "That the best thanks of this meeting be given to the secretary, managers, and other officers of the oompany at the ironworks and ccl- Harks for their services during the past year." " There La no cause for me to say anything," said Mr Pearson. "except that the results show that they have done their duty." Mr W PETER RTIANDS seconded, and observed :—Mr John Sleekly has rightly said "it is a well-found ship well manned." We regret to learn that the Americana or the Germans can show any superiority to U 9 in res- pect of the internal management of their business. We have heard the statement of the financial side very clearly put,and I wish to endorse what Mr John Sleekly has said, that we are not crying out in tones of despair. The Board of this company feel that it is their duty to point out the dangers of the time and to do what they ran to assist in any movement that will counteract the difficulties Under which the country is labouring. There is not the slightest feeling, lam sure, in thi country to sit down and give up the fight, for we ar all determined to fight, and if it is a case of " backs to the wall," " backs to the wall "it will be. We are net going to cry out and say we cannot h)ld our own until we are compelled to. The CHAIRMAN : In putting that resolution, I can only say I heartily endorse those remarks.

The resolution was pasged. Mr DODDS : I thank you gentlemen for th vote, which is always appreciated, even wnen 173 have not such good balance shsets to present as we should like. On behalf of all the officers and staff, I thank you.

Mr. Joni' KNOWLES also replied, as representing the calories _

I Mt HERTIEBT BLECBLY : On behalf Of the engineering , department Ith tnk you. In general iron and steel struatural uark our most important engagement at the present time is a lame Peel hiffel water tower,which we are beding at Old Trafford for the Westinghouse Com- pany. In railwaF wheels and axles our output has exceeded that of any year since the amalgamation.

& DIRECTORv 9 RE-ELECTION.

1 Tbs CII&I1111;.;1110;4d:- " That Mr W Peter Rylanels be re-electrd a d hector of the company." He said :—I can only say we valuo his snrvicrs highly, and I have no doubt you are doing the best in the interests of the company in re-electing him. Mr J J BLECKLY : Mr Rylends is a young man who bears an old name. Fortunately for us his bead combines the activity of youth the wisd em of long experience,

===== 0002601_19021003_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR C. W. DILKE, M.P., AT WARRINGI ON.

Conference of Trade Unionists.

Sir Charles W. Dilke, M.P, visited Warrington on Wednesday evening to speak at a conference of local trade unionista, called for the purpose of discussing the Shops Bill introduced into Parliament by Sir Charles, and the question of labour representation. The conference Was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, and was attended by representatives ' of the various trade union branches- The pro- ceedings were private, admission being by ticket. Mr John Edwardson (president of the Trades and Labour Council) presided, and in the course of his introductory remarks spoke of the ' necessity for improvement in the conditions under which shop assistants worked. He also referred to the advisability of trade unionists being represented inParliament and:en local governing bodies. Recent- ly a resolution was brought before the Warrington Town Council that in case of all disputes the men should have their official representative i to save the men making scapegoats of themselves. A reso- lution was adopted,but not the one drawn up by the Trades Council. Speaking of the Taff Vale decision the Chairman said it was hard when a man had contributed his savings to a trade union to provide for himself in case of sickness or dispute to have that money taken away as the result of some paltry dispute. Mr J A SEDDON, of St. Helens (Presi- dent of the Shop Assistaats' Union) pro- posed the following resolution : " Tha t this meeting condemns the unreasonably long hours worked in shops, whereby the social and moral well-being of the assistants is seriously affected, their physical and intellectual develop- ment retarded, and welcomes the introduction of the Shops Bill in the House of Commons, by Sir Charles W Dilke, as a reasonable and practical measure for the protection of the shop workers of the country. It also pledges itself to further the progress ot the Bill by every means that lies in its power." At the outset he expressed his thanks to Sir Charles Duke for all he had done on behalf of shop assistants. Sir Charles took up the shop assistants' question when the shop assist- ants themselves hardly realized the difficulties under which they laboured. Under his leadership they had now reached Pisgah's Mount and they saw the promised !and. There was however, much ground to be covered and the shop assistants needed more than the assistance of members of their own trade. That night he asked the workingmen of Warrington to ;give them not only their assent to that resolution, but to assist them by their votes in municipal and Parliamentary elections. The shop Bill was extremely moderate. It asked that the assistants should work sixty hours per week. Per- haps that would be somewhat of a surprise to some trade unionists who were working fifty-two hours and claiming a reduction to forty-eight. It also asked that those sixty hours should not be in the hands of the employer only to regulate as he thought fit. There were employers in this country who looked upon their employees as so many pieces of machinery to fit into the machine. The Bill laid down that only so many hours should be worked each day, and the sum total would be sixty hours per week. It also gave the local authority the option of saying on which days the shops should be closed earlier. Employers would be allowed to work their employees overtime on twenty-four days in the year for three hours per day. Shop assist- ants were not paid for overtime, so they would be giving their employers a very good week's work for nothing. The Bill made provisien, and rightly too, for Sunday closing. Sunday opening was becoming a growing evil in the large towns, and shops in Liverpool that opened on Sunday morning and well on in the after- noon could be counted by the thousand. Shama). The Bill also provided that the ages of boys or girls entering the distributive trade should not be under fourteen years. His (the speaker's) experience was that under the present conditions boys of nine, ten, and eleven years of age bad been drafted off at eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday night and even in the small hours of Sunday morning with parcels almost as biz as themselves to deliver to the inconsiderate British public. The speaker pointed El t :,centresiof distribution dealing solely in medicine, medical or surgical appliances, refreshments for consumption on the premises, tobacco, pipes, matches, and smoker's requisites, newspapers, fresh fruit, and intoxicating liquors were to be exempted from the operation of the Bill. He a.ked his teasers as trade unionists, and men who looked out for these creature comforts, what fault they could find with the Bill. He did not think the Bill .demanded anything but what was fair and just and right. Mr J FARGIHER, president of the Warringtan Branch of the Shop Assistants Union, seconded. He believed that there was no remedy to the present conditions except by the Bill. Voluntary effort had been tried and had proved a failure. They had laboured in Warrington tor , the last ten or twelve years tiseiffnatrhe_vfoliitir effortunta;yfrob-g ainna. what had they got for their ning to end. If they went along the principal striets , to-day they would find a shop here and a shop thero open long after the general hour of closing. Did not that prove that local effort was a failure? Sir Charles W DILKE, M.P., who was very cordiall , received, said his visit co Warrington and that cmfet- ence were the result of a suegestioa by the Wartiagton Trades Council. They were good enoogh to ask him to come to Warrington during the last Par- liamentary Session when he could not break his rule of never engrgiug himself to be absent from the sittings of ; the House of Common!. At that time he promised them , that if he could see his way to come later on he would j do so. There was, however, such a short time at his disposal for going about the country before the resump, , tion of Parliament, that when Conferences were being decided upon by himself in conneation with the j National Union of Shops Assistants, he suggested that , they should kill two birds with one stone, and ask the Trades Council to allow him to address their monitors and the shop assistants at a j dot conference. That was the fourth of such conferences which had recently taken place, and some six or eight were going to take place with the next fortnight. Those wnich had already , been held had been very useful, and judging by the j commencement of their proceedings that night he thought they would be able to say the same of that gathering. The resolution itself began with a st itensent as to the evils of the present wrong hours which did not need any proving. It mast be taken as absolutely ad- mitted on all sides. The recent House of Lords Com- mittee on working hours unanimously found these facts to exist in almost the exact words which were made use , of in that resolution. It Was a curious fact, however, that these evils had beau admitted for an Immensely long time, and yet really nothing had been done legislatively and not very much otherwise in some places towards removing them. He said in some places because there was an extraordins ary difference between town and town. In some parts of the country there was not very much I o object to In the hours. They were very much the hours that they would propose in the Bill, but in some parts of the °lunar, these rlasonable hours were extraordinarily exceeded Although they had made no progress yet in legislation, they had, he thoul4ht, mhde great progress in public opinion—great progress in increasing the numbers of those who thought that these evils which had to be dealt with by law and on the general lines oftthe shop Bill proposal. They had load an extraordinary conversion—they had converted Lord Salisbury. Of all the difficult peopl3 to convert in the whole country he simeH think Lord S aliabur y was the most difficult. Lord Salisbury was t first absolutely oppcsed to legislation on this subject, A committee was, however, obtained on behalf of the rival, and they (the shop assistants) thought the less satisfactory measure—Sir John Lubbock's Bill. The committee was rather intended he (the speaker) thought by its con- stitution to pass a unanimous resolution in favour of tbat measure, but it did net, and the reason was that Lord Salisbury, who was a member of .the committee, came there on the last day and upset the report of the committee and made them unanimously swallow report of his own. (Laughter.) That report was not in thn direction of no legislation ; on the contrary it was in the direction of legislaticn and of their promoters ethe of the I present Bill) legislation. That:he called a most extra- I ordinary nonversion.SirCharles went cti to point out how difficult it was to carry a Bill upon the subjeet. No private member, in the present state of the forms of the House of Commons could carry a really opposed Bill on 1

any subject. That was to say that if a Bill was strongly I opposed by even as few as two members at every stage of its eerie Once it could not pass in the present state of the forms of the Rouse of Commons. After referring at length to the difficulties of Parliamentary procedure Sir Charles said it was easier fer them by organized effort to obtain time for resolutions than for Bills. They were obliged, of course, to hand themselves together for that purpose. There was a very small group of members in the House who acted together as labour members and it was necessary to co-operate with others in order to obtains time for resolutions. Lately they had had con- ference of all those members who were interested in labour legislalation and they had tried to procure co-operation for the purpose of moving forward resolu- tions which they had agreed upon. Two conferences were recently held, and he thought usefully, between the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Congress (the labour members) and the advanced Radical section. At the last of those conferences they practically put a resolution upon the Shop Bill, but Mr Bell made a reser- vation as to the pos ble need t raise the question again if the Government did not act upon the resolution. With that exception the meeting decided among many important and pressing queitions,to ask members to vote for the resolution uppq that eubject above all others. (Applause.) The resolution would net be before the HOLIS3 in the autumn sitting, because Mr Balfour was going to propose to take all the tines, but when the Holls3 met again for the next ordinary session they would have time between Easter and Whitsuntede at all events, and they would make an effort to obtain a day for their resolution. The Bill would be 'ranchland as uaual by himself (Sir Charles) in the House of Commons, and a friend of his would introduce it in the House of Lords, go that they woutd he able to see it and to know what it was about. (Laughter.) He thought they would try to withdraw the Bill, as would be necessary after a day or two, to move the resolution, which would be to the effect that in the opinion of the Huse the unnecessarily long hours of labour in shops were injurious to tae well-being of all concerned, and that it was deeirable that borough and district Councils should b 3 authorized to obtain provisional orders to make suoh regulations in respect to the closing of shoes and the limitation of the hours of labour as might seem neceseary for the areas under their jurisdiction. That would be objected to probably by the Governme at and certainay by many members of the Government and many friends, becatue they aveuld say that although they were in favour of dealing with the matter by law they were not in favour of the direct limitation of the hours. He thought, however, that they would get a very good division. Re did not sup- pose they would carry the resolution, but at all events it would enable them thoroughly to test tae opinion of the Flo Ise of Cedamons and he thought it would be well worth trying .to get a day to press the resolution. (apelause).

===== 0002601_19021003_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED UNLAWFUL WOUNDING AT NEW 7 ON.

Woman Committed for Trial.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Thursday before Captain Withington, Alma Blanche Kelly was charged with unlawfully wounding Maria Kenny, at Hazel-grove, Newton. on the 19th of Sep- bar, by striking her with a glass bottle.—Prisoner pleaded not guilty. Prosecutrix said she had been across the back street at about midnight on the date in question. Mrs Kelly came up and struck her twice on the heal with a bottle which she had been carrying behind her back. 'Witness fell down, and her head bled very much. The prisoner then ran up the street and witness was taken to Dr Valentine's surgery. She had not spoken to Mrs Kelly. In reply to the prisoner, she denied having called her foul names. When the prisoner went away witness's husband came up and hit her with a crutch on the head.

Mrs Carlin corroborated prosecutrix's evidence. Dr William Valentine said the prosecutrix was brought to his surgery at one o'clock on the morn- ing of September 20th. He found a lacerated and contused wound,three inches long on the right side of the head, which extended to the bone. A bottle of the character of the pieces of the glass produced would cause the wound.

By the prisoner: The wound might have been caused by a crutch, but he did not think so. _ _ _ _

P.O Mellorotatio'ned at Earlestown, said he found the pieces of broken bottle produced. There was blood on the ground about a foot away from the glass. He arrested Mrs Kelly at two o'clock in the morning. He charged her, and she replied : "No it was not with the bottle." Prisoner said she never struck the complainant. It was her husband who had hit her with a crutch.

Mrs Carson. a neighbour, was called by Mrs Kenny. She said at midnight on the 19th Sep- tember. she was going into her own house, and saw Mrs Kenny come with a poker in her hand and try to break her window. She threw it through the window and broke a bottle. She never saw Mrs Kelly go near to the prosecutrix, and she did not nave a bottle. In consequence of Mrs Kenny throwing the poker through her window, witness threw some dirty water at her. Mrs Kenny's hus- band then came out, and in trying to hit witness he struck his wife on the forehead with the crutch. The prisoner was not there at the time. Mrs Kenny was bleeding and shouted for help. The pieces of bottle produced were part of a vinegar bottle which was inside her house, and had been broken. She threw the pieces out of the window. Prisoner was committed for trial at the next Liverpool Assizes, bail being allowed in two sureties of £2O each.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLES FOWN.

BY A CORRESPONDEN T] .

There was plenty of excitement on the Earles- town football ground on Saturday afternoon, when Stalybridge Rovers and Earlestown contended for the right to enter the real competition for the Lancashire Cup. There was a large gate and the keenest interest was taken in the match. Like all other cup competitions, too much acrimony entered imo the game, with the consequence that several men were injured. " Andy " Limond was badly I kicked and it is quite likely he will not be able to play again for some weeks. With only ten men Earlestown were somewhat handicapped,and Staly- bridge managed to open the scoring. It was fortun- ate for them that they succeeded in obtaining a goal when playing down bill, for when they changed over, Earlestown hustled them to such an extent that they were unable, except on one or two occasions to get out of their own goal and even then they were never dangerous. Earlestown suffered very hard luck, but when they equalised, they simply swarmed round their opponents goal, the Stalvbridge custodian having an extremely lively time. When time was called, the result was a goal each.

Stalvbridge refused to play extra time, conse- quently Earlestown had to pay them a visit on Tuesday afternoon to replay the tie. They were without Leigh at full back, and Limond, but they pressed Stalybridge considerably. The game was exceedingly rough and Earleetown were beaten by 3 goals to nil.

On Saturday they play St Helens Rees at St Helens in the EngHsu Cup competition when a tight game is expected.

Newton had a bul time of it at Wrexham on Saturday. They had no chance whatever with the Welshmen, who overplayed them to the extent of 9 goals to 1.

The tradesmen of Earlestown are in a fair way to get their fingers badly burnt. They have not publicly disclosed their hand yet, but it is becom- ing well known that they are organising their forces for a bout with he Co-operative Society, on the lins of the contest carried on at St Helen. It is agreed on all hands that they are very ill-advised. A combtit with the Earlestown society is sure to end disastrously for the tradesmen, in more ways than one, consequently if they wish to keep their feet they hal better let well alone. Earlestown is not St Helens, a tact these misguided tradesmen will discover to their sorrow.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESS OF AN BARLH-STOWN SCHOOL BOY.

• I Harold W Marsh, aged 14, of 15, Wargrave-road, Earlestown, has been awarded a bronze medal by I the Canadian Government for an essay on " The dominion of Canada." The cmnpetition has been initiated by the Clnadian Government for the encouragement of the study of the Colony in English schools and the essay was written by the various competitors about last Easter, at which time the Winner was attending the Earleatown Wesleyan school. One side of the medal bears the Canadian Coat of Arms with the inscription "School competi- tion 19'n." Subject "The banoinion of Canada whilst the reverse side is the Canadian Coronation Arch, London. Accompanying the medal is a card which says "Presented on behalf of the Government of Canada with the compliments and best wishes of the Minister of the Interior, Ottawa, Canada." BUTlfia BOOTS call and see ALP T• 21,011.8 show.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19021003_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION.

Mr. E. J. Guest and the Member for Eddisbury Division.

Interesting Correspondence on the Govern- ment Bill. (To the Editor of the ".Ertneiner.") _

Sire—l shall esteem it a favour if you will kindly find a place in the next issue of your widely read paper for the enclosed copy of correspondence passed between the bon member for the Eddisbury division of Cheshire and myself. The subject of the Elucation Bill may to some appear rather stale ; but it is nevertholess necessary to keep it ' well before the public that out of the controversy there may yet emerge an issue that will put this country on right lines on ;his vexed question.—Srours faithfully,

E. J. GUEST.

To the Honourable Henry James Tollemacbe, Member of Parliament for the Eddisbury Division of Cheshire. Dear Sir,—At the Quarterly meeting of the officials of five Wesleyan Churches comprising the Frodsham Circuit it was unanimously resold in a wet attended gathering held 17th September, 1902: " That we should respectfully state our objections to the Education Bill, the discussion of which is shortly to be resumed in the House of Commons. Our objection to this Bill coming ' into force are briefly, that in our opinion 1 It will tend to postpone indefinitely the introduc- tion in this country of a truly national system of educa- tion so greatly needed. . . . . . .

2 'Cis franned in the interests cf the State Churth and will work to the infringement,of the rights of the Free Churches.

3. Whilst demanling the peyment of money out of the pockets cf the people, it strikes a blow at the con- stitutional right of the people who pay to control the expenditura of public money. . .

_ 4. N 4 mandate from the Constituencies has been given to sanction the forcing of this Bill through Parlia- ment ; on the contrary there are very many clear indications that a very strong, wide-spread, and locreas;.ng dislike to the Bill is being manifested through- out the country. In the interest of Education, of religious Equality, of the rights of the payers of rates and taxes, and of the Constituencies, we respectfully submit that it is most desirable that this Bill should be withdrawn. As our representative we earnestly prLy that you will use the power vested in you to oppose the Bill. Far better that an opportune moment should be awaited when this question of secular education can be permanently settled without provoking religious bitter ness.—We are, dear sir, yours respectfully, REV. E. GELDER, Minister, E. .1. GUEST, Circuit Steward, 1 S. WOOD WARD, Secretary. Dorfold, Naotwich, September Nth, 1902. Dear Sir,—l have received your letter and ri-quest that I will oppose the Education Bill of the Gowrnment. 1 do not think that tde gloomy forebodings you indulge in as to the wcnking of the Bill, if it brcpmes law, are really justified. Indeed I hope that, though doubtless suscep- tible of amendment, it may be given a trial by the country, in which case most of the difficulties anticipa- ted in your lel ter will, in my opinion, disappear in prac- tice.—Yours faithfully, _ HENRY I. TOLLEMACHE. _ .

Mr. E. J. Guest. Oak Mount, Helsbv, Warrington. 26th September, 1902. H. J. Tollemache. Esq., M.P. . .

Dear Sir,—l am much Obliged by your favour of the 24th instant, acknowledging the receipt of a resolution against the Education Bill which was passed at the Quarterly Meeting of the Frodsham Circuit oa the 17th September. As it seems to me that you do not realize the strength and importance of the opposition to this Bill I shall publish this correspondence in the Chester and Warrington papers. The Free Churches of this country werelnever stronger than they are to-day, and represent more ithan one-half of the population taking interest in Church matters. Almost unanimously they feel that , this Bill strikes at their position, and will do them a serious injustice. The Wesleyan Methodist Church is not a political church, and embraces members of various shades of opinion in political matters. But, whilst this is well known, you may have noticed that in all the District Syneds, and in the Annual Conference recently held in Manchester, this Education 811 has been condemned by overwhelming majorities. In the other Free Churches the opposition to this Bull is, if possible, greater. The great leaders in this opposition are men of wide culture, saintly lives, and broad sympathies who take a wide outlook en this and other questions. They are of opinion that this Bill will stultify education, and lead to great bitterness of feeling, resulting from a sense of injustice. Apart from the Churches there is a strong opposition to the Bill as e vinced in Bury, Leeds and Seven Oaks, and 1 fsel sure that it is not politic) on the part of the present Govern- ment to force their Bill through Parliament. If it should pass, tha feeling is so strong against it, that it will be unworkable. I;am yours respectfully. E. J. GUEST. Dorf old, September 29th 1902. _ .

Dear Sir,— I have no objection to your publishing this c)rrespondence, though it might have been more considerate had you intimated your intention of doing so in your first letter. I do not think that I underestimate the extent or vigour of the opposition t) the Education Bill, but I do not believe that the whole torrent of hos- tility rises from one source. There is the opposition of such men as you speak of, those who honestly think that the Bill is in many ways a bad and even dangerous measure, but who even in their opposition have the cause of education et heart. This is a class of opposi- tion which one values highly and which deserves not only the most careful attention, hut the most generous and sympathetic consideration. There is also the opposition which proceeds from mere Sectarian rancour and there is the opposition which (irrespective of the merits of the question), gladly seizes on any weapon, as for instance the export duty on coal, or the registration duty on corn, by which the Government may be weakened or defeated. These forms of opposition have of course to be taken into account, but do not deserve the same recognition as the former case.

I hope that-even yet the Bill may emerge from the committee stage in a form which may receive ' fairly general acceptance from reasonably minded men ; I hope in particular that provision will be made in it for enabling every religious body to give religious instruction to their children in all elementary schools, and personally speaking, I should wish, if possible to see increased representation given to the rating authority,especially where,tbe Denominational School is the only one available in any district. You tell me that the leaders of this movement against the Bill are men of " saintly lives and broad sympathies " and I fully accept your statement ; you and they will am sure, gladly credit the supporters of the Bill with similar virtues, but I cannot help thinking that gentle- men on both sides wont] more effectively demonstrate their claim to the possession of such desirable qualities were they to endeavour to come to some satisfactory compromise instead of condemning root and branch every suggeation put forward by those opposed to them and even in some .cases,declaring their intention ofrefus in to pay their Isgal obligations,in event of their wishes bung disregarded,—l remain dear sir, yours faithfully, HENRY J TOLLEMACHE. E. J. GUEST, Esq. . . .

===== 0002601_19021003_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
OA Mount, He!shy, 30th September 1902.

H. J..Talemacbe, Esq.,

Dear Sir,—When I sent you the resolution I bad not intention of publishing any correspondence that might pass between U 9. But on receipt of your letter of the 24th lust it was suggested to me by a gentleman who has been one of your supporters. I wrote to you at once stating my intention and giving you the opportun- ity of x plaining your views more in detail. Your letter of the 29th inst is now before me and I take it to be your final answer. I beg to thank you for the courtesy you have shown in this correspondence; but you will quite understand that your views on this vexed question will not satisfy the Free Churches of this country. In reg- rd to the legitimacy of refusing to pay rates of this Bill should neeoine law, whilst it cannot be denied that the imposition of the rate will be legal there is something higher than the law of one's country. Those who firmly believe that the rate for education imposed by this tfill,should it come into force, will be the revival of the old church rate in a veiled form, feel that they will be justified in offering the same resistance 199 was off ared by our fathers In former days to the church rate.—l am yours respectfully E. J. GUEST.

educational matters, give complete public contra, He asked them to give him credit for the fact that as a practical business man he had taken some active interest in his own town in the question before them. He realized its vast importance,and he wished to impress his own views and to ask them to take them for what they were worth." The question of Technical Instruction," he continued, " has increasingly occupied the attention of our foremost scientiers,educationalists,commercial Meth and oven statesmen for many years. Until now (although our methods for its inculcation are tar from perfect) its absolute necessity bas become so far eenerally recog- nized that the term of designation of ' Technical School' has become almost a household word. In order that we may better appreciate the National attitude on this important question to-day, it may herhaps be advisable to take a slightly restrospective view of our past commercial history. Teree or four generations ago by the wonderful discovery of the method of the appli- cation of stein power to purposes of locomotion and to the provision of motive power for manufacturieg pur- poses, combined with the rapid development of the enerrnous mineral wealth of the United Kingdom, aided by the adoption of a sound and wise fiscal policy, this country earned, and for a Tong period of years retained the right to the title of ' The Workshop of the World.' Daring this era, in comparison with the other European nations, who were largely occupied with internal dis- sensions, the prosperity of Engleud grew by leaps and bounds.' In the last decade or two, however, a great deal has happened. America has recovered from the deadly struggle which at the time threatened to throttle all possibilities of her progress for an unlimited perioi. Se rapid has been iher recovery, so illumitable are her natural resources so ntense is her commercial vitality, that she is becoming, if she has not already become, our most formidable rival in the open markets of the world. Germany, after the consolidation of her Empire, resultant upon the statesmenshio of Bismarck, and the military genius of Moltke, and enriched by the millions paid to her by trance after the great war, by the application of the teachings of scientific research to practical manufacture, and most materially assisted by an educational system which is thorough ion character, and absolutely untram- melled by sectarian differences, has begotten and fostered her trade and commerce to such an extent that we find her manufactures in every country and her Mips in almost every port. To a business man a very interesting feature of a continental trip, especially in Germany, will be found in examination of the commercial museums established in every town, and which are replete with specimens of the products of the arts and crafts of the surrounding district. So excellent is the classification of the exhibits that a visit of a few hours to such a museum will give one more information with the least possible effort, than can b 3 obtained in any but a few towns in this country, after days of labour. Although this has been somewhat of a digression I think you will pardon me for making it, because I want to show you that while we started in the commercial race with the enormous advantages to which I referred at the beginning of my remarks, we have, during the past 20 years, comparatively speaking, lost ground, and the reason is not far to seek. During the long peried of trade inflation already mentioned, a spirit of more or les justifiable pride and confidence was engendered in our business men, which became commercially speaking, a national characteris- tic, and with it all was combined an intense in- difference to change, and opposition to the adoption of anything new in manufacture. With comparatively few exceptims until a few years ago, because economy in maeufacture—(and I use the term economy in its widest application)—was not absolutely necessary from a prefit-making point of view,scientific eoonomiza- tion of fuel was unknown. What is the condition of things to-day ? So rapidly and enormously has the com- petition begotten of Arni ries and Continental induatry and eraterprize become, that we are absolu!ely compelled from motives o? self-preservation, to inquire into any and every possible difference between foreign methods and ours, in order to discover where our disability is to be found. This leads me to say that it is now admitted on all hand that the Continental youth are better equipped for their life's work than ours, owing to their superior educational advantales. In this eennection it is interesting to note the opinions of eminent scientists as expressed by them quite recently. Speaking at the Belfast meeting of the British Association a few weeks ago Profeseer Dewar, president, said : " The really ap- palling thing was not that the Germans have seized this or the other industry, or even that they may have seized upon a dozen industries, but that the German population has reached a point of general training, and specialised equipment,which will take us two genera- tions of hard and intelligently directed educational work to attain." These remarks were emphasised by other men of considerable eminence, and are incontro- vertible . This inequality as at present existing,will not I hope last much louger,and the period of its duration will be in proportion to the interest, or the lack of it !'s this important question of technioal education, which 's displayed both by parents and young people. °se ttlng is absolutely certain, and that is, that unless the risirig generation are enabled to realize that their own vidual successl depends largely upon their acquisition of every auxiliary qualification for the particular trade or pursuit which they have chosen to follow, seeing that they are units in the ageragation of the men and women to whom the destinies of our Empire would be committed in a few years from now, a want of a thorough appreciation cf their duty in this respect will certainly result in commercial disaster. To the parents who are here to-night I would most earnestly appeal that they should make what- ever sacrifices may be necessary—and after all they cannot be very great—to enable their song and daughters to avail themselves of any and every op- portunity afforded them for self improvement, bearing in mind that each additional talent so acquired not only carries with it a money value, but gives its possessor a bigger and better view of life and promotes better citizenship. (Applause.) In addressing my concluding remarks to the young people present may I say that your responsibilities to yourselves, to your parente and to your country, are as great as your privileges. You have advantages which a past generation never dreamed of, but at the same time it is only fair to say that you will need them all. • Depend upon it the youth who is wildly ambitious, who by a judicious use of his oppor- tunities acquires not only all that may be necessary to enable him to become a specialist in a miner way in his own particular avocation, but in addition is neither too idle nor apathetic to acquire knowledge of a more general character, and which at the moment may seem of little importance from the point of view of its future usefulness, will sooner or later achieve that success which diligence alone merits and opportunity invariably affords," (Applause.) Alderman Roberts then distributed the awards.

~--',,.-.:t7,t4;;,:;:i. ' : ~.'.-...7..'...*"47:;-.i

===== 0002601_19021003_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Technical Education. Speech by Alderman Roberts. The Educational Advantages of the Continental Youth.

On Monday evening Alderman Roberts distributed prizes gained during the last session by the s'udents at the Lymm Technicil Classes, and delivered an interest- ing speech on the subject of Technical education. In the course of his remarks he congratulated the Chairman (Mr C Kidson) and the committee upon the excellent attendance at tho meeting, and said be wished they eould in proportion to their population in Warrington get as big a meeting ac that upon that very interesting and important subject. Continuing he ex pressed regret that the local governing body in Lymtn did not take charge of the technicti instruction classes at their in- iptiOn• Silaleri to him that the time had come when everything appertaining to education—unless it was specially dealt with by a body directly elected for the purpose—should be made r( sponsible to the governing body of the district. If not matters of not only local hut of national importance, did no; bear equally upon the shoulders of all concerned. If they had to depend upon public spirit and upon subscrintions for purposes of that kind those who could best afford and wha were, unfortunately, not often blessed of the most public spirit escaped their liability to contributions. But when they were taken over by the rate distributing authority they shared alike in the duties and responsibilities of citizensnip, and he said, especially in regard to

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALEHR CO. at TAtEraminer General Printing Works, Bewsc9; street, and published, by them at the same Place an' also at Tne Ezarniner Office Viotoria-road,Wtortas. 32, George-street, S. HEL=EI and a, MarKa-Street BARLESTOWN. In the County of Lancaster and also at High St. liturcoax,in the County of Chester. Oc'roams 3 1972

'-1 :..r, • -.4 .i,..- 't 1 ? 'V t' . . 'I, : 1; „. , i. : i 1 I , ..": 1 .:, A . '.

===== 0002601_19021003_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
LOLD STREET NV ESLEY AN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER sth At 10.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL At 6.30 Rev. R. WILKINS REES All welcome. Hymn books provided.

M. HEILBRON, LATE WITH WOOD, ABRAHAMS, LIVERPOOL.

zAPTI ST CHURCH, GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (Surma v) SEPTEMBER 28th PREACHER: REV. 8. P. THOMAS, Earlestown. Morning, 10.45 Evening, 6 33. Adult Bible Class 2.30. DUNNICO, will preach on Wednesday, at 8.15 pm.

M. HEILBRON HAS OPENED NEW RYR-TRSTIN ROOKS at 84 BRIG GB-STRRIIT, WARRINGTON.

M. HEILBRON RAS EXTENSIVELY STUDIED all defects of the sight and clients are assured of careful treatment and ultimate benefit.

pRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, LEGH STREET. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER STH, PREACHER: REV. J. GARDHAM REED. MORNING, 10.30 EVENING 6.30.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.-THE VICTORIA ROAD EVENING CONTINUATION SCHOOL WILL MR-OPEN on MONDAY NEXT, October 6th, at 7 o'clock, When the Annual Distribution of Prizes will take place. MUSICAL PROGRAMME. , ALL PERSONS INTERESTED in Education are cordially invited. (Signed) J. W. LIGHTBURN, Clerk to the Board. - PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN. FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY, MONDAY NEXT. OCTOBER 6111, 1902. ADMISSION : Reserved Seats 2s. Second Seats is. Back 6d. Doors Open at 7.30. Overture at 8 sharp. Interval at 9. Carriages at 10.10. Tickets and Plan at MR BELLAMrS, Printer and Stationer, High-street. MR. TOM BARGER. THE GREAT FRED MACCABE'S ONLY SUCCESSOR THE POPULAR COMEDIAN, VENTRILOQUIST, VOCALIST, DIALECT ACTOR. FEMALE IMPER- SONATOR, AND NEGRO DELINEATOR. SUPPORTED BY HIS TALENTED FAMILY, IN THEIR UNIQUE AND REPINED DRAWING ROOM ENTERTAINMENT, ENTITLED SOCIETY AND VARIETY. ntroducing Sparkling Music. Refined and Funny Songs, fi?llliant, Original and batirieal Witticisms, Fascinating and .Lively Dances, and Ventriloquism Extraordinary.

HEILBRON, (LATE WITH WOOD, ABRAHAMS, LIVSRPOOL), 84, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON

ILLUMINATED ADDRESS ES, DIE-STAMPING no-Similes of Handwritlng, Typewriting, plans, qnan titles Asc., copied and llthographed.-13cooKs AND Sax, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street, Warrington.

MRE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, WarringtOU. (ZPLENDID Assortment of Neva Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent

kZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS Every workman should have on of HUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

'UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES. A COURSE OF SIX LECTURES ON •• ENGLISH PROSE-WRITERS OF THE NINETEENTH CENTURY" , Will he deliverel at the CO-OPERATIVR HALL, by Mr. .•C• POWYS, M.A.. on THURSDAY EVENINGS. coin- kenoing OCTOBER 9th. Tickets for the Coors e, Is 6d and Is, may be had at the •-trn. CHARLES MADEL-AY, Secretary.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF 1 FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIME ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

MASGNIC ROOMS, BOLD-STREET, WARRING- TON.—Mr and Miss WOODIER Will Resume their Classes for DANCING in the above rooms on TUESDAY EVENINGS, commencing October 7th,190?. Private lessons In the Waltz by appointment.-202,Winwick-rd. Warrington.

_ T. ANN'S PARISH CHURCH, WINWICK-ROAD, HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. PREACHER& : TO-MORROW (SUNDAY,) OCTOBER 5Tn, 10 30 and 2.30, REV. JAMES DAVIES, VICAR. 630 P M., REV. HON. C F. CROSS, (VICAR OP STRETTON). OFFERINGS FOR CURATE, LAY READER, AND RIME WOMAN'S Ftoin

MISS ETHEL SPINES WILL RESUME HER CLASSES FOR DANCING AHD PHYSICAL EXERCISES AT THE CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLS, WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY, 00 TOBER 15TH, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 18TH. This season's popular New Dance, also all the American Novelties. Private lessons by appointment. Apply to 4, SALISBURY-STREET, Warrington.

0G T TEMPERANCE MISSION LODGE. Is " A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BB HELD IN EBENEZER CHUBOH, MI nITTERMARKET STREET, ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, uCTOBER. BTH at 8 p.m. SPEAKER, REV. J. A. LllB, D.C.T. (Liverpool), CHAIR.. miNRY THORNTON. Esq., J.P. Any information regarding the lodge will be gladly given uY any member of the lodge. C. J. SHEATH, Sec. 22, Victoria-street, Warrington.

BOYS, AM I ANY USE TO You? sismaur ; I HAVE REALLY GONE ALL OUT to make my 6. 613., Is. 61,.. and TWELVE 808 BOOTS the FINEST Value in England. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

ST, JAMES'S. LATCHFORD HARVEST THANKSGIVING TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER srs, 8.0 a.m. HOLY COMMUNION. 10.30 ax. CHORAL EUCHARIST. 630 P.M. CHORAL EVENSONG. PREACHER : REV. W. W. D. FIRTH, M.A:, VICAR O PATRICROFT. VIE VICAR WILL SAT A FEW WORDS OP FAREWELL AT THE CLOSE OP EVENSONG. ' COLLECTIONS FOR MISSION BUILDING FUND. NORTHERN CIRCUIT.—LANCASTER WINTER ASSIZES, 1902. The Commissions for bolding these Assizes will be °Dened at Lancaster, oo WEDNESDAY, the sth Novem- ber. The Prosecutors, Witnesses, and Jurors are re quired La be in attendance on Thursday, the 6th November, at e sitting of the Court at 11 o'clock. MANCHESTER WIN fER ASSIZES, 1902. The Commissions for bolding these Aesizes will be °Pened it Manchester,on MONDAY, the 10th November. The regulations for conducting the Criminal Business *ill be published in due time. LIVERPOOL WINTER ASSIZES, 1902. .„ The Commissions for holding these Asevzes will be pened at Liverpool, on THURSDAY, the 27th Novem- The Regulations for conducting the Criminal Business *ill be published in due time. There will be Civil Business at Manchester and Liver- pool only. Bail cases will be taken at the above Assizes. All Depositions in cases for trial, together with the ecognisances and Inquisitions, must be forwarded euediately to me, at Preston, otherwise the cost of "aern may be disallowed. HERBERT STEPHEN, Clerk of Assize. Office of Clerk of Assize, Preston, Ist October, 1902.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAN. IiBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSM iTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD &ND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parliament. StHotest secretly and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, &a., ,to.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAN4AINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEtrY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &o, We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on Queit=purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, Act. GOLD and SILVER WATO FIBS. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S RICHMOND fREET, LIVERPOOL.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 20 6R. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OVER MYNERYNE'S), H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for COUNTY OF CFIESTER will be holden at the 013111 HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said I,,,ounty, on lido/Dosa, the 13th day of October next, at „1413 Yen o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury ^IR be empannelled. The bearing of all Aoreals arising within the p°uadreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield and Nortbwicb, Ming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all Prisoners committed from such Hundreds, will take tact) at suoh Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for Knutsford District must be in attendance at the !,_curt House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 13th day of October, at Eleven o'clock in thS Foreno&n. ~Tel3E COURT will be adjourned to the Castle of IT:Xen on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of October next o'clock in the Fcrenoon, when another Grand JUT"' will be ,30:43, arising within tilnenelled. The bearing of all Appeals Nantwicb, and Hundreds of Breston, Eddisburv, Wirral!, forming the Chester District,and the trials of WI Ptil4woolars take from the last-men- tioned Hundreds 1:i ;e place at such adjourned Sessions. The Grand and District attendance ltJtubries for the Chester District must be ED: C astle of Chester, et the opening of the Court on W the 15111 day Of October next, at Weven o'clock initstLAYForenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 23rd September. 1902. CYCLE INFIRMARY IS THE SIIOp To TARE YOUR "BUIE " FOR REPAIR 9, No JOE TOO AHALI, oil Too DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW:HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RUBBERED AND RR-LINED EVA TO NEW IN TWO .DAYS ALL WORE Gi7ARANTEED. • and k_ built to order from Perry's Eadlea, ter Lee =lags, Agent for PalrnerTyreS. NOTE ADDRESS. P. 1-1. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

DIARRHCEA. DIARRHEA. DIARRHEA. DE. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE Is USED BY ALL TRAVELLERS THE WIDE WORLD OVER. No one visits the tropics without taking with him a supply of Dr. BROWNE'S CELE- BRATED REMEDY. When the tropics visit us let us be equally prepared. BUY A BOTTLE NOW AND BR SURE YOU GET THE GENUINE. It may pay the retailer to supply a substitute, but it won't pay you to take it. DR. J. COLLIS BROW:, E'S CHLORODYNE IS WHAT YOU WANT WHEN /DIARRIICE A, DYSENTERY AND CHOLERA ARE ABOUT. OF ALL CHEMISTS Is. 11D., 2s. 9D. & 48, 6D.

SU-MMER HOLIDAYS AMATImi PHOTOGRAPHERS should pay a visit to the AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. Largest Stook of NEW and SECOND-HAND CAMERAS, and Scientific Instruments, Scc, in Manchester. Write for our 1902 Illustrated Catalogue (post free). THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD-STREET (ALL SAINTS), MANCHESTER,

EMIGRATION TO CANADA. by ALLAN ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. every Thurs- day. Free grant lands; farm labourers and domestic servants in great demand; also openings for capitalists. Pamphlets and full particulars free —Apply Armear OFFICES, 19. James Street, Liverpool, or 103, Leadenhall-street. London. _ _ _

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class A RTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 205. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 305, Guaranteed. Q MACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTh A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNFSDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 p.m MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS AND MUSIC. 'JR. B. WADSWORTEI respectfully informs -.11. BANDSMEN and the public gmerally that he is AGENT IN WARRINGTON FOR BESSON, HIGHAM 800 SEY. Prices similar to those of the respective firms. Ali kinds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS supplied on the very best terms (cash or instalments). Please write or call- -59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HAMS ARE CHEAPER AND BACON IS VERY REASONABLE IN PRICE AT AS LEY' 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. BONELESS HAMS ARE ECONOMICAL TO SLICE, AT AN ECONOMIGAL PRICE AT ASHLEY'S 61, SAN KEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TX G. BOWLING, RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21. Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRRET, MANCHESTER Established 69 Years.

THE W inARRINGTON SLATE LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB PROM TEE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICIIIIRSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFIDN AND WEARY ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Minns and Branch Office: Marion Street. Wartinaton

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGES ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN TEE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30, NORTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ALL THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOWE'S, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, & LONDON DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

61_1 u INNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AD BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD awn BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTIM: WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWIOR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

LEATHER, LEATHER. BUTTS, BENDS, GRINDERY, Szc. OUR SPECIAL REPAIRING BENDS, 12/14 LB, AVERAGE 18 2iD AND Is 3iD PER LB, WRITE FOR PRICE LlsTs AND SAMPLES. FREDERICK MATTHEWS, 272, 274, 276, HACKNEY ROAD, LONDON, N.E.

MY WONDERFUL 2. 6D. COLLECTIONS, (CARRIAGE 6D. 2 FOR ss. FREE). FOR GARDENS OR GREENHOUSE. CATALOGUES FREE. 12 Mixed Hyacinths for pots or beds, 12Extra fine mixed Single Tulips, 12 Narcissus, Pheasant Eve,Dutch extra quality ;the poet's pure white, crimson cup, 12 Jonquils, large single, sweet scented, highly prized for the fragrance, 12 bass, Cape flowers; there is no flower more beautiful for cutting purposes. bouquets, Fcc ; rich,brilliant colours 12 Anemone Windflower, single mixed, 12 French Ranunculus; the French are the finest of all Ranunculus flowers; all colours, 12 Allium Neap. Star of Bethlehem, pure white. 12 Winter Aconites. the earliest of spring flowers. 12 Crocus in extra fine mixture 12 Iris Hispania; most lovely flowers, known as poor man's orchid 12 &ilia Siberica, lovely blue, nice for pots or garden. T. TURNER, F.R.H.S„ GREAT SUTTON, CHESTER.

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER It VALUER Office and Salerooms: No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE. No. 65. Cairn ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOKTED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Ste., warehoused,

GEDDES DANDELION COFFER The best and cheapest ever offerekt to the Publle. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Cantatas 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES Awn SON, LTD WAREING-TOL ESTABLISHED 1833.

EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explahaing how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method Is 'easy end pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. I Bent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. N. NORTON, 59 & 60 CHANCERY LAND, LONDON, Over years' continuous success.

• FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELEURG. HOLLAND. CESAREWITCH and CAMBRIDGESHIRE ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market changes, WRITE FOR MY GREAT CESAREV ITCH CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING 003 TEST. For all further particulars addre e as above.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE S'I'RE ET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

"SMOKE THE PIPE OF PEACE" AFTER YOU HAVE PURCHASED YOUR CLOTHING FROM THE M.O.D. YOU WILL BE ABLE TO DO THIS WITH EVERY DEGREE OF COMFORT AND SATISFACTION, BECAUSE OF THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE TO BE OBTAINED AT THEIR WELL-KNOWN PREMISES, MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORSEMA.RICET STREET, WARRINGTON. INSPECTION CORDIALLY INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMH MAHER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ac. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOI:OGRAPLIS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122,,T LONDON ROAD) LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICITES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAYERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. lESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old aold and Sliver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Motley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

------ INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAND CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM". GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. IN,TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE. ONE BOTTLE CURE/ i t 68, Northumberland-street, Nortl.-street, Poplar. 72, Swan-lane, Bolton. Goutwa s advisedln my three feet, year. and e agom glad to tryo yeoeuyr they Pills November 14th, 1901. November bib, 1901 Sir,—l have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the forpßeahreußmirl—ticl cured me. I have not taken any for two years till last great good your Pills have done me. I have been laid up _ week when I was taken with it again in the arm and shoulder. Immediately took three of your Pills and in for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed. Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I ' it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely, two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly RoItERT A- HARDIE. _ EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate au injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative.- matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is lid. and 2s 9d.. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is ltd. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P. 0. by the iroprietor GEORGE NAM 232, Goswell-road, London. GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.,

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR .- MORRELL'S 11. r: INKS * VOX

T. G.. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP. SPECIAL OFFER £l,OOO TO 24 6D. CESAREWITCHI AND CAMBRIDGESHIRE. THE PLAYFUL DOUBLE' MITS f 3000 to 1 to Win 300 to I. 1 2 3 See " THE TURF REGISTER," gent post free.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURE AND WHOLESOME iNGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early, can choose their :own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE CASE BAKERY Co., LTD, BRANCHES BLACKPOOL AND HOLTON.

T ONDON.—TAY HOTEL. 154 Euston-road. Three minutes Li from King's Cross, St Pancras and Huston Railway Stations ; bed and attendance 3s 6d; private sitting-room 53 6d per day ; highly recommended.—A C RODNEY, Propr.

JJ— OUGLAS.—BALMORAL, Queen's Promenade, magnifl- cent sea view; trams pass door; full board from 5s 6d per day, apartments from 2s. Special terms for private suites of rooms on application. F H McPiren, Proprietor.

DlNBURGH.—Roblnson's popular- Temperance Hotels, ill 31, Lothian-road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandsvick Place, both near the famous Princess-st. Bach Hotel under. go-a•bead Rochdale management.—Address ROBINSON, to the Lothian-road Hotel; and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HomE COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable 'Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Boom and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 guineas per week, or fls per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.60 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

JJNIVBRSITY SCHOOL SOUTHPORT.—A most successful Boarding School for Boys.—T. ISHERWOOD, fd.A.,LL.D. EWTON-LE - WILLOWS.—KIRKPIRLD BOARDING .1.1 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arpllca- tion to principals.

UPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING SCHOOL FOR 80. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D B HENNAED, B.A.

laJdIUUL LittAraMAtt btfrilatic.— Comfortable TV home. flood education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains. HIGH-CLASS AND SIItunSSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOE BOYS. Terms Moderate: Splendid Position: Every Comfort. Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, Blundellsands.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing poeition,aeaside.extensive accommodation Nigh-clses Modern Education. Staff includes President B.A Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams. successes, Principal: Miss MILLE N.

Li ARROGATE.—TRINITY COLLEGE .—Head Master, Mr J P HUGHES, assisted by resident University snen and visiting masters. Fine situation, modern appliances, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good results in all:Examinations. Next term September 18.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of llausic,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

ROSBNBATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— Principals Miss Bans aud Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cyclinc, gymnasium, great attention to music, ait. rnoiern languages ; resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Lond. Idatrio Cambridge Locals and Assoc: Board, R A M, R 0 51, in- clusive terms,

SOUTHPO'RT MODERN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER—J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.0.P.. F.R G.S. NEW RESIDENCES for HOARDERS rpreklir THE SOUTHPORT VISIrRit ears: " Upon the premises one is struck first of all with ithe appearance of the rooms,"

T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY aoons, PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES, go to the above address. AUENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

TO EFFECT GREAT SAVING FURNISH AT PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCH ESTE R (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). ALS(*) AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN ('wit past Manchester Central Station). THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS, PATRONISED BY ROYALTY. NOBILITY, &c. 'LIVERY CLOUD HAS A SILVER LINING, ./2.4 but, unfortunately, every purse has not; therefore the enterprising business man desirous of catering for all classes of society must not only supply thorougnly reliable articles at lowest possible ptices,but also be able to arrange such easy terms of payment as will suit the poorer customer's conveni- ence. There are many estimable people of strictly limited means who are quite as honest and well intentioned as any millionaire, and who form very desirable customers. PITTS'S KNUW THIS FROM ACTUAL EX- PERIENCE, having dealt with thousands during the last half century. It was to encourage such that we devised our pay-a-little-at-a-time s ystem, which is so hugely patron- ised. By this method customers fix their own rate and manner of payment, the only extra charge being 10 per cent added to our cash prices, which are considered the lowest in the trade. Pay all cash down if possible, and save the per- centage ; but if not convenient avail yourselves of our Deferred Payment Plan, and participate in the undoubted benefits thereto. PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at 14, 22i, 24, 32i, 50, 75, 100, 200,up to 1,000 guineas, have been pronounced by practical people the PINNACLE OF PERFECTION. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, their beauty and VALUE, are apparent to casual inspection. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs„ priced 50 PER CENT BELOW elsewhere, post free. Tle ITT S'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.—DINING- 1_ ROOM SUITE, covered with real leather, comprising Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs. and Six Single Chairs. Side - board, Extending Dining-table, Overmantel, Brass Fender, Brasses, and large Carpet ; complete for 201 guineas, worth 40 guineas. MORNING-ROOM SUITE, in real Saddlebags. mounted with rich Utredat Velvet, comprising luxurious Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs and Set of Small Chairs, Extend- ing Table, Sideboard. Overmantel, Carpet. Fender and Brasses ; complete for 25 guineas, worth 50 guineas. DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in inlaid Rosewood. upholstered with a most expensive covering ; beautiful Cabinet to match. fitted with cupboard shelves, bevelled glass. Ac. ; splendid Overmantel, with numerous bevelled glasses ; Envelope Card Table' Wine Tables, all forming a really superb Suite, packed and delivered for 50 guineas, well worth £lOO. There is also the large Axminster Carpet and Skin Rugs, solid Brass I Fender, Pianoforte by Brinsmead. BEDROOM SUITE, in American Walnut, comprises large Wardrobe, fitted with every convenience ; Pair of elaborate Toilet Tables, bevelled glasses, marble slap, tiled back, &c., three Chairs, Towel rail, and Pedestal Cupboard. being a really grand Suite: complete for 22 guineas, worth 50 guineas. OTHER BEDROOM SUITES in Rosewood, Satinwood, American Ash, and painted goods will be cleared at less the-, half regular once. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines Do not miss them. PITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS.— Gland display. All British makes. Choicest, many of which exclusive ezquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted free. PITTS'S RELIABLE CYCLES.—Splendid Selec- tion of over a dozen different high-grade makes. Every Machine and Tyre fully guaranteed. Exceptionally low prices. PITTS'S POPULAR PIANOS. Magnificent Display of NEW and SECOND-HAND by the Best Makers. Pins,s BA`SINETTES, MAIL CARTS, LAMPS CHINA, GLASS . EARTHENWARE, IN-DOOR GAMES. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LORD 3N-110AD (Ardwlca and Longsight Oars). GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass the Door). Established 1845. National Telephone. 1,124.

A Sauce for Every Vegetable . . . is described in Brown & Poison's new booklet, "How to make Common Vegetables more Invaing." These Sauces add to the attrac- tiveness of every meal. They are easy to pre- pare, from the simple directions given, and the ingredients required are at hand in an ordinary household. Write to B. 8c P., Paisley, for a copy, enclosing a Id. stamp. Brown &Poison s " PATENT " Corn Flour Lit_s recommended for all Sauces. It is most pala- table, goes farthest, and is susceptible to the most delicate flavouring.

..-----7 . A''' i' ti It lt {l4 4 1 - -' • 1 ' &IN-,' 4,,161,14 44°- 01 1r ' --ZI4V . VII 4 • AT* %IP •w '— 41• . A R C HE R & ON:. CRESCENT, CAST REDUCTION IN PRICES ' FOR INCANDESCENT " ,---;%"-- - , ... BURNERS /.<:-- ' .--.,' \ ~. `; ..As , , INCANDESCENT MANTLES. / ...x._',, INCANDESCENT •ll' \ r•-... 14.04 't, , CHIMNEYS ,t,*.N,"}-7:Z_ ~ ' INCANDESCENT GLOBES' ..., ALL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. ,•GAS GLOBES OF DIFFEEENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BEMATOBED OR EXCHANGED AT ADAMS. 80 ST JAMES PLACE, WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE GLASS SHADES AND STANDS GLASSE FOR GRAVES Ac. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT J. ADAMS, 212, ORM-HILL ST., Sc 14, SsIITHDOWN-RD, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT JEWELLERY SALE. CHARLES WOLF'S FIRST GREAT JEWELLERY SALE. WONDERFUL. BARGAINS. SEE WINDOWS TO-DAY, SATURDAY. Please Note Address CHARLES WOLF) WHOLESALE JEWELLER, 10, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL

TO SAVE TIME, TROUBLE AND LOSS • USE ONLY (STONED BY LATEST PATENT MACHINERY) GIBSON'S STONED RAISINS.

LOCAL REVISION COURTS. °Rommel,. A Boer Claims a Vote.—lnteresting Point. Mr Clement E Scott, revising barrister, attended at the Large Room, on Tuesday,for the purpose of revising the voters' lists for the parish of Grappenhall, and the polling district of Warrington, with the Parliamentary division of Knutsford. The proceedings were of a routine character. Those present were—Mr Woodcock, assistant overseer for Gtappenhall ; Mr W H Woodcock, assietant overseer for Warrington ; and Mr Joseph Smith, for Knutsford. Mr Dean, of Knutsford, repre- sented the Conservative party and Mr Joseph Smith wai in charge of the Liberal interests. Mr Dean applied for a vote on bettalt of Samuel Fredeaux, of Grappenhall. Mr Smith objected on the ground that the claimant was a Boer and not a naturalised British subject. He wag born in South Africa forty years ago, but for some years had been living in England and had not taken out his naturalisation papers. -- Mr Dean contended that claimant was naturalised as ywe aoors..tion of the Transvaal all Boers became British subjects. Naturalisation papers were not neces- sary. Mr Smith saii the claimant was born outside British dominions and bad not taken out naturalisation papers. Continuing he admitted that claimant would have been a British subject had he remained in South Africa, but as he had been living in England for some years the annexation of the Transvaal made no difference to him. The Barrister asked Mr Smith if, in his opinion, the claimant would have become a naturalized subject if he had been living in South Africa now. Mr Smith replied in the affirmative. RiThe Barrister gelled if the fact of his living in England ha l to prevent him becoming naturalized by the annexa- tion of the Transvaal. Mr Smith contended that it bad. The Barrister said it was A very curious point. If claimant had been living in South ' Africa he would undoubtedly have become a British subject at oast, and he (the Barrister) did not sea how the mere haat of him living is England was to preclude him from becoming a British subject. Mr Smith did not agree with the Barrister on that paint. The Barrister said it was absurd to say that because claimant was not living in South Africa he did not become a naturalized subject. All thr Boers were now British subjects. Mr Dean said the alaimant bad been living in this country eleven years. The war was over the question of the franchise and he thought it wou!d be a shame if they did not give claimant his vote on the ground that he had not become naturalized. Mr Smith said the claim had nothing to do with the war. The Barrister said the point was not at all clear. If Claimant had been living in South Africa he would undoubtedly have become a British fubject. but still he would not have had a vote because the Boers had not yet been granted the franchise. The question Was as to whether during the period he bad lived in England claimant had lived as a British subject. He (the Barris- ter) Was not in a position to decide the point then, and he would give his decision the following day at Dares- bury. At the Daresbury Revision Court, on Wednesday, the Barrister allowed the claim. He said the Transvaal was now part of the Britieh Empire, and British subjects in Eegland fulfilling the necessary oonditions were entitled to a Vote.

$ r 4 00d THE BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL says: " Benger's Food has by its excellence established a reputation of its own." BENG ER'S FOoD can be enjoyed and assimilated when other foods disagree. It forms a delicious and highly nutritive cream, rich in all the elements necessary to maintain vigorous health, but entirely free from rough and indigestible par- ticles which often produce irritation in delicate stomachs. Sold in Tins, by Chemists, Mc., everywhere.

RUGBY FOOTBALL, FOOTBALLURS will be glad to know that the world- famed manufacturers, Geo. G Hussey & Co, of London, turn out Balls, which for quality, uniformity, and durability are unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appearance thereon of their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for GG B & Co.'s Price List. If not procurable, apply to 36 and QUEEN V ICToRIA-STREET, London. Factory—Peckha en, 5.11. (1)

SHARE INTO YOUR SHOES Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It cures painf4 smarting, nervous feet, and ingrowing nails, and in- stantly takes the sting out of corns and bunions. Its the greatest comfort discovery of the age. Foot-Ease makes tight or new boots feel easy. It is a certain cure for sweating, callous, swonen, hot, tired, aching feet. Try It 4r-day. Of all Chemists and Storm. Price Is. lid. ....fecoid s saistitute. Sent fist frw for ts. 1.11. Trial Package FREE. Address, Allen E. Olassted. ,Southampton ROW. London. W.C.

EVENTS OF THE WEEK. ILLUSTRATED. . 4111011,. ht. al---lilr--7 1 _ , . .111111V7: ~.115.:Es"la, a lik-.75.*•,.-11 .du i , . - Ij 1 117441) Tall . 1 I _LT-- ''' '------ iii ligg 1 Ig B I ligla F. 109 rifil Oil Ili iftil --1, ri ---= '-‹ IN, iiin 1881 mei IN, Ltai [NJ igqi ..- "I INJ '9l '-' 1 I • fi .•-iip)wit-___--1-1-a.-.. El ,• i it ~ r 1;,.! --: ~ -;;,k,ter.tr 5"---51" • :,- =• . I 1 '-`77":-.--- ~ ______- • - -7:-.•_- ‘ ......,____±, . THE YELLOW PALACE FREDENSBORG PALACE!.

7,(4/....0:12-4 1:4 ,r mi i /Mt 11) -.",...,..,.:190*V*4 tp A e 114) ~,. , ' ' i. 0) I z . x 4: iii&j.'lV744. f a' CS. il‘ . -...,... ~,,,,..yrnAltm,L,

. ...(:• . •-fi T 4--6 NEW ,-.. .1- t•ilf 'i :.' ( tii 1.„,•,, '.•,ct• G iRAFFES I. , t et. --"-----:--- . „r„ ZEBRA HYBRID '.?,.' ??,-,*, •:,* ;IP 1013‘. I-,....-. ~,,, ~........ .. to. )...._ 1• F ~,Y,•,:// ' , it4A, ' IV _ • . ......-.-..- •4C •••-•7...-- 4.9 .4,, .• , ' k, I , ": . •,, . 't, li ',..lir IN ~ .4. . •—•--....14::•,?•,..,' ~,, 0,. ,41.4,/;••°• -L----Z-r.,..',1,-..:' '....,..-. ,• . \ pe ' ' PURPLE FACED

AliNSlDH.—Superior APARTMIIN S. facing, sea; five minutes from station ; delightful situation ; terms modcrate.—Hrs. COLES, Holmberg, Arnside. BLACKPOOL —Mrs. VoYez (late Yates), Ivy Reuse, 2, Lcusdale-read. A Rome from Home; & 1 cooking highly recommended ; terms moderate ; piano.

11.1inatiettrna.—ArAttrathritd lacmg sea .m 1 garciens• V Terms mcderate. Home comforts. Highly recom- mended.—Mrs. BM/MLitt. Mizpah House, Alexandra-road. °BOWEN. nesz LLANGOLLIN.—APARTMENTS,smaII \J" farmhouse; convenient ; very prettily situated. Good cycling, 12s 64 permanency —Apply PLABOWINE, Gobowen.

(-ILAN CONWAY.—SUPERIOR APARTMENTS; farm- k..T house ; splendidly situated ; near station ; highly recommended.—Mrs. WILLIAM 4, Ty Mawr, Ulan Conway, North Wales.

MORECAMBE.-14ighly recommended APAKTUNTS promenade, specislities' cleanliness, cooking, beds, terms moderate.—SYLLTlE AND PRIESTLEY, Westleigti,Blarine Parade, Bandylands.

MORBOAMBIL—PubIio and Private APAHTMoNTS, with or without board ; close to Promenade and Pier. —Mns lesium, 63, Sea View Parade, West End-road, W.B. Cycle aereramodation ; piano.

AHHHTS WANTED to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furni- ture, Clothing,Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE AND CO 4(102) Birmingham. - EA WIIEK eaaily earned by canvassers ; good connec- t/ tion amongst schools; with qualifications. COMP STROP CHART Co, 26, Paternoter-square, London.

w,EITBD, TWO BE.-P. Ti. or Art. 68. for lower stan- dards and infants ; salaries, E. 50, or £4O according to qualifications.— Apply THE 'Aces, St. Peter's, Farnworth, Bolton. NAVIGATION SCHOOL, NORTHWIOII.—WANTHD, TWO hIAL3 ASSIoTALVIS. Certificated £BO-135 ; Ba-P.T., £65-70 according to qualifications and experience.— Address MASTER.

STBAW WANTED. Good Oat, Eye and Wheat, in P. P, bales and loose. quote lowest price, free twits, state quantity,and station for cash.—Apply ASHTON PICHFORD and Vo. 4, Ole Hall-street, Liverpool.

SABITARY INSPBCTORSHIPS.—SxIarIes £lOO to £250; numerous VCanCiea ; postal course commencing for Liverpool Kxam., experience unnecessary ; success certain ; open to all.—Muimmts, Science Teacher,tunderland.

trap M &di hit De Sltti‘e "D ' Louden Metric (let). Highest grants, excellent testi- monia is and reports. Young, energetic; three years Head- master; all usual subjects.—Address CS., Examiner " Office, Warrington.

BOOTS' BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD. CLEANSES THE SYSTEM FRO ALL IMPURITIES. CURBS PIMPLES ON THE FACE. CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. 1 CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study eeonomy,that they will find, as I have cone, a medicine that does what it professes to do.--(Signed), G. P. SOLOMON. RICES Is. ANDITS. 9n. PER BOTTLE. MALT EXTRACT WITH COD LIVER OIL. An exceedingly nutritious food, furnishing a large amount of nourishment in a small space, supplying fat and assisting the digestion of other food. It is therefore specially suitable for Invalids, Delicate Persons and Weakly Children. MALT EXTRACT WITH COD LIVER OIL (BARLEYCORN BRAND), 181(THE !BEST. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS A speedy, safe, and certain remedy for Biliousness, Indigestion, and Sick Headache. PRICE Is. 1 iD. FoR 94D. BY • COURSE OF WILLS' BLOOD AND SKIN POWDERS BLOTCHES, PIMPLES. BOILS, &C., ARE SPEEDILY RELIEVED AND PERMANENTLY CURED. PRICE 6D, AND 91D. PER BOX. BCOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

UKUIT AND GIIEDNGILOCERY IBUSINIISS : one of the finest corner shops in the north end of Liverpool; changed hands once in 26 years : ready-money trade : thickly populated,—Apply Joule:low, 93, Walton-road, Liverpool.

10/ PER WBIJK profit paid on each £lO invested in a genuineovelt-establisbed business. Don't miss this exceptional opportunity of making money ; balance sheet and particulars free.-06 PRICE, 46, Havelock-road, Hastings.

To BB SOLD Underclothing and BABY LINEN 1. BUSINESS, Established over 20 years, Stoek and Fixtures £55, Low rent, Owner giving up through sickness and leaving Town.—Apply Mrs WINTERBOTT3M, ,94 Derby- street, Bolton.

- latbuiern, etc. HIGH-CLASS GAS BNGINBB ; new design ; latest im- provements. Sizes in gook. one to twenty-four brake horse power.—ELLlAn ASHWORTH, Collynurst, Manchester.

NE H.P. " BISSOHOP " GAS ENGINE. on SALE seen working ; also double-pnrchase Crab,witb brake attached good as new.—WrATT's PROVENDER WAREHOUSE, Henry- street, Leigh. QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL wadi-PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade, having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns telooging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manehester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheel and rulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address : " Ormerod Gr.erson, Manchester."

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHIL TO BUY YOUR 1 LUBRICANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE, largest sale in the world. Bngine Oil, lltd. ; Cylinder Oil. 110, ; Machinery Oil, lid.; Spindle Oil, 9{d.; Gas Engine Oil, Is 6d. ; Dynamo OR. is 6d per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, I London, 8.0. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow ; 1, Sandhill, Quayside, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

PATENT OF F ICE. MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORG)] DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER •

I 101OULTRY.—Buff Orpington Cockerels, purest strains; 1. make monsters; splendid for improving egg production and table birds, from 55. each. Beautiful even coloured pullets same price.—TaomPsow, Weaverham, Northwich.

ft ORSECLOTHIN G. BBAUMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED, 26, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, to. Home and export. Established 1412.

VOE SALE, 4 HORSES. sound and in good condition, 13 to 10 hands. Apply FREDERICK GANDOLFO, 29 Victors- ruad, Widnes, any day, before 11 a.m.

ON SALE —WAGGONETTE to carry eight, with movable top, glass sides; two new wheels behind; this August by a noted maker ; Sisinsox, 63, Crooke, near Wigan. ()N SALE, a fine CHESTNUT COB. 14 3 ; coming 5 years; well bred, good action, sound and quiet, fit for doctor or tradesman ; good reasons for selling.—Apply to s,olifton- street, Rlilnrow, Rochdale.

FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS. HAVE HA) Al WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Aawmia, Debility, Depression, Weakness, and Female Ailmonts. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes nd, is lad, 2s 9d, 45 6d, and iii, or under coy 1r from the Proprietor 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING} HILL LONDON. W.

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL •..• TO HIS • ROYAL MAJESTY THE WARRANT OF 1;0 KING. APPOINTERSr 'c' AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. 'll AV 13 THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON,

PAPER AND BAGS, GuocEns WINDOW BILLS. TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, " 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON-

D UTTERFLIBS andlOoleoptera for cases or collections cheap.—"HILLsIDE," Sunnybill,Poneadownaiampshlre. USE ALEXANDRA, Queen of FURNITURE POLISHES, Grocers,lronmongers,Stores keep lt.—TwinaLL,oheffield.

(1M? POTATO and Cook Shop YITTILieIS, every variety Champion tangers, Potato Feelers, Shop on Wheels ItCjage List free—mannoVe, Poland-street, Manchester. E— 1 DAILY.—Basy evening employment anywhere offered I.saybody who writes legibly.—Por terms send addressed envelope.NouTE DEPT.,K,6, York Buildings.Adelphi, London

KILLED.—One application of Oakes' Nit Killer POMADIi all nits and vermin are killed. It never fails. Large tlus post free for eid irom maker. J P OAKES, I Bond- street, Weymouth.

LADY'S MAID has valuable French Remedy for Develp- ing Bust, doubles the size of breast in one month ; recipe Is, preparation 28 6d.—MDLLE, Nelson Villa, Warn ink- " road, Birmingham.

GUANDXST FLOWERS ON HARTlL—Cactus cuttings, root easily, with instructions, by post Is 6d per dot, (For one month ouly).—lvAbißoE, 20 .Avenue-road. Hammersmith, W.

BANY'S FIRST CLOTEIRS, —Complete set. 4U superior garments, well made; quite new ; pure flannel barras ; approval ; will sell for 20a; easy payment terms. Mrs DALE, 64, Deansgate, Maßobester.

SPECIAL OFFBR.—ASTROLOGY, changes, important events, marriage partner described, ruling planet,Acc ; 6 stamps, stamped euvelope.—V lizacnELL, 50, Urainger- street, Bewcastie-on-Tyne. "VETTING. RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse 11 Nets, sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and (*Arden Netting of every description. Thomas ponrorares, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

riio ESMOVB INDIMTATIONS troll Phouogsaph Records 1. without shaving. Quicker and more satisfactory results than by old method. Send 74. stamps.--341tv18, 34, Crosby Green, West Derby, Liverpool.

111E800 Hair restorer. IVOROL Dentrifiee. The latest J scientific preparations. Try them. Send Postal Order for 20 6d each article, post tree to the CRESCO MANUEACTUR- ING CO, 1, Olytring Cross, S.W.

DAFFODILS, up-to-date, 600 distinct show varieties, Id to £: each. lists free ; 2J beautiful distinct varieties. Is 4d ICO in 20 varieties 24 10d.-1, A WALTON. specialist, Ilandsworth Wood. Birmingham. NISURALUIA, Sciatica, AIMMLia, and II euro-Rbeumatit affections. Barlow's Tic Powders, oldest and bes remedy; 60 years reputation. Of all ebemists,or post free. —ILLSLEY, Chemist, Barnard Castle'

'ORNS I CORNS I CORNS I—lf you suffer from painful V corns, try a bottle of Painless Corn Paint from PICKER • Chemist, Bishop Auckland. Post free 7 stamps. You'll wish you had heard of it years ago.

V OUR Future Intended's PHOTOGRAPH and marriage 1 date. Bend age and 18 stamps to the celebrated linglish astrologer.—Address, Mr PRENTIS AND EASON, 92 MsHinson-road, Clapham Junction, London.

HOMB WORK by the quickest, simpiest, and latest im- proved HARRISON KNITTING MAOHINESI : highest wages earned. Lists from HARRISON MACHINE, CO., LTD.. 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

A STROLL/GT.—Your character. marriage partner des La. cribed ; business, health. changes, and chief even accurately told. Send birth-data 1, and stamped envelope to ZETEmi, 1 lalenthoine•road,ploger, Sunderland.

-10 LOW GAT BD IRON ROOFING SKSHTS, special kJ durable quality, supplied 25 years all largest Estates. Fittings, gutters, ridging, felt, tanks, fencing; lowest cash prices.—JOHN ATTWOOD REEVE, StODV Stratford. IGLIT, LICHT, LIGHT.—Our Incandescent Mantles and ..1.1 fittings are the best and cheapest in the muket. Writs or call for price bite. Special quotations to gaslitters and roninongers —F JOHNS Co., 239 Old-street, London, E. 13,

A- -- STROLOGY.—AII Important Events In Life Foretold. Marriage, Partner described. Children. Changes, Journeys, Legacies,Planet, eto.Send birth date,6 stamps, and stamped envelope, "CELIA," 24,Regent-st, Brighton,Sussex.

BRUMATISM.—AII kin,is speedily Cured. Marvellous Disoovery,which quickly expels the Pols onous Uric Acid from the blood. —Sufferers write immediately, BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist, 533 Moaeley-road, Birming- ham. Advice free.

CORRUGATIID from 10s 61 per ewt! Wasters 9s 6d per (wt; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanised Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork; Felts, 3s 9d per roII.—SODEMERHILL & CO., Beaver Works, Wolverhampton

TOO LACKBEETLES I 000ICROACHI4S ! Union Cockroach _LI Paste completely exterminatesthem. Mr. E. Howarth, P.Z.S , cleared cockroach plague from Sheffield Workhouse, and gives slgned.guarantee. Tins. Is 3d, 2s 3d, and 4s 6d.— H OWARTH & rAIR, 471, Crookesmoor, Sheffield.

IJAMPERS, Wiskets, Setting Baskets on Bale; special quotations for quantities; clothes baskets, special quality brown; send for sample dozen assorted sizes at extra low prices, carriage paid. I: not satisfactory please return them to FRANK WRIGHT. Mawdesley, Ormskirk.

BDOOM DIRROI FROM FACTORY TO WEARER.— SLATERS, Ltd.. The Boot Factory, Dudley, Worcester- shire, are makers of reliable boots and shoes in all klndi required by yourself and family. All goods sent carriage paid. Self-measurement forme applied. Send for Price List •

1311 AIIISIAN Female Pilules, absolutely infallible, speedy' sale. Par superior to Steel, Pennyroyal. Aloes. Iller, Fiera, and all ouch remedies. Price with directions, 2s 9,1 post free ; free from observation.—Sole ENGLISH DIOTRIBUT IN( DEPOT, Sco'chburn, Chemical Laboratory. Driffield.Hull

r[oBK OL D.—Farnworth, near Widnee.—The ,extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lana, with Biding to the railway. buicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HO3RING, 16 Fenwiek-street, Liverpool.

Q COTTISH WIDOWS' LIFE POLICY FOR SALE.— KJ Dated MO, £2OO with profits, Bonus EP, Surreuder value £9l, annual November premium £5 Ss 4d,aße admitted 53, male, whole life. There is a loan of £7O at 4 per cent. which ean remain. Pelee of Equity £35.—H PADFIELD, 30, Perey-etreet, Liverpool.

riONFIDENTIAL TALKS with husband and wife. A book for the married and rnarriageable.—By L B SPERRY, M.D. The " Star" says !—." A book of practical Information and advice. It treats a difficult subject tactfully and sensibly." Cloth binding 3s 6d post free on receipt of P.O. or stamps. Publishing office 30, St Mary-at, Edinburgh.

HAY AND QRAIN SHEDS, STEEL AND IRON SHED 62 by 24 feet, 17ft to Eaves, partly enclosed Price de livered and erected £95 cash. or three yearly payments £35 t Shed same size lighter make, £B5 cash, or three yearly pay- ments £3l. These sheds are fire-proof, storm-proof and practically indestructible. ' Save their cost in a few years. On the above deferred payments buyer will save greater part of cost of shed before making last payment and this is pro- bably one of the greatest boons ever offered to agricultu- rists. ISAAC DIXON AND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

100 VISITING CAtiai any name and address 9d; Lists free.—UNIvERBAL TATIOSEBIt UOMpAzir, Tenby.

EEZEDIA, boils, piles and all skin diseases quickly cured by COMO, is lict, and 25 2d per boa, post tree from the osto CuMPANY. 9, Lowden-road, Lower Edmonton, London, N.

ClOBBliTa.—American models, true form, good figure ensured; gold, black and grey; 23 lid post paid.— Dli ICON AND HOBSON, Manufacturers,liU,Jobn Bright-street, Birmingham.

NEW SIX ROW WINTER BARLEY; very plump heavy grain in each ear ; stiff straw, and produces 9 qrs to 12 gra per acre; price 42s qrt, sample free.—Q BUCITH, Ewhurst, Guildford, Surrey.

ILINC*A.OHMSNT secret panel GOLD RING, new pattern, 111 diamond centre, with lovers' names engraved under secret panel. 3Js. Catalogues free.—MasxEss, LTD,, 206, High-street. Rye, !Sussex.

APOLISH obtained on your boots like Patent Leather rainproof ; smart appearance. Method and material poet free, six stamps.—' PoLI-YARN,' Honeywood-road, Marie...den, London. N. W.

Lo G ECANDHSCHNT LIGHTIN ; Cheapest House in trade; wholesale and retail ; burners, everything complete Is - h ; best licensed mantles 4s dozen ; lists free.—lNcersnes- CENT kIUPPLY Co., 30, Market-street, Newcastle.

RAPES, Figs, Tomatoes, direct from Wolthlng ; figs la 9d 2s do; ; tomatoes, 6d lb. ; Hambro' grapes, is lb. ; muscats, is 63 lb ; freshly out ; securely packed ; postage 6d.—P2l &BCE. 7, Howland's-road, Worthing.

LOOK !-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUCHERS sewn; very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any sire. post free or be 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,--11. J. Giesort, Government Contractor, Eye.

QTERILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. An Illustrated Edition. by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; post free 3s. Bd, London : SHELLEY & CO,. LTD, 38, Gracechurob-street.

DAPERHANOINEid.—To flee orators and others —Owing .1. to the Death of one of the Partners the VI hole of our STOCK MUST BE CLEARED at once. No reasonable offer refused. Come and inapeot.—LEWlS St Co, 31, Miller-street, Manchester.

VISH.-108t kit Cod, Ling, Haddocks, Plaice, 106; Finney' 1: 2s 6d box ; Kippers. Bloaters, 2s box; Bass selected Fish, 2s 6d ; Headless Haddocks, prags, Is per st.; Salt Cod 2s per st. ; Fresh Herrings, 3s Bd per 100.—Lacr AND SON, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

I'A ALVAIII:3111) CORRUGATED ROOFING SHEETS, X.J about 50 tons, Lysaght's best sheets, stained by sea water, salvage from wreck, 6ft. Is, 6ft. is 2d, 7ft. Is 4d, Bft. Is 6d, 91t. is 9d per sheet, or in ton lots at £lO per ton, free on rail Wolverharnpton.—EnTLEE, Bell Works, Wolver- hampton.

RNNY PLANTS, 21st year, Hardy Perennial Coreopsis, Gaillardias, Mich, Daisies, Sunflowers, Delphiniums, Marguerites, etc., Including Wistaria, Virginian Creeper, and Clematis, 60, Ea free ; half 3. ; 5 Climbing Roses 2s free, Virginian Creeper, 3 7d free ; 6 Is ; List free.—RECTOR, Belaugh, Norwich. PHOTOGRAPHY, All interested in this most profitable pastime should write for catalogue of cameras and slides in parts, containing full instructions for making and finishing. Complete list of fittings, valuable recipes, &c• 140 illustrations, post free l*d. PROTOGRA.PUIC SUPPLY Co., 5, Craven-road, Leeds. CIGARS. CIGARS. ClGARS.—lmported cigars direct from the manufacturer, saving on an average 3 profits OR the cigars and 3 profits on the duty. 100 choice Havana house cigars for 16s ; carriage paid on receipt of postal order.--J.K. KENDALL & CO., 21, Watling-street, ht. Paul's Churchyard, London, B.C. 4,2 LIBFFIULD PLATED INKSTAND on copper, bargain £2; beer jug 25s ; hot water jug 8. 6d; pair of caddies 24s ; ditto small. 213 6d. Money returned if not satisfac- torY. Worn out plated copper goods bought, best prices given. Repairs and re-plating of every description.--8311TH, 61, umfreville-road, Harringay, London, N.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Plano selling. Plain. clean, honest methods are what the public " tie to," and these you always find here. 'fo be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERIPS ONLY ONE PIANO-SMITH IN MANCHESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. ' PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 108. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS ss. Od. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to. any part of England or Wares. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken In exchange YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, and bly goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; audit ever you • with to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 35, Railway-road, ST. HELENS : 99, Corporation-street.

WANTED STEADY GIRL, as Servant, no washing, age 20 to 30, wages from £/6 ; Wesleyan r ref erred.—Ml/51 PATTEN, 14 and 16, Castle-street, Stockport.

WANTED, OIiNgRAL BERVANTothie ta wash, another kept,good home and wages; relerences.—Mrs PORTER, alencaird, aterloo-road, Cheetham, Mat chaster. 1#,11,1T ANTED COOK-GENERAL and House-parlourmaid in country house,good and increasing wages,small amily —Apply COMPSIALL HALL, Marple Bridge, Chethire.

nOOKS (Young, £2o—£2s), WAITIOSSES, Housemaid, Nurse-tlousemaid andUnder-Nurse Wanted,gentlemen s houses.—Mrs MORTIMER, 7, Brasennose-street, Manchester. WANTED for the lst of October capable COOK- OENHIRAL ; another girl kept.—Apply,any day from 12 to 3, Mrs lisniusoN,The Coombs,Orassendale Park,Vpool.

‘VANTBD, beginning of October, for Grasmere, Weat- moreland, 000.1i-GENIittAL and Houae-Yarlour- maid ; three In family.—Apply, letter, MIS BARRETT, 36, Avondale-road, douthport.

WANTED on Ist October in a small family a COOK- OBISUCHAL age about 30; wages £2O a year. Also a young servant to assist the above, age about 18. wages £l3 ; good references indispensable—Mrs BouTHERN, Birch House. Walton-le—Bale, near Preston.

T OCK.UP SHOP with large retiring room behind, suit _L.4 butcher or similar business.—Apply Jat.una AND Sox, 25 Winwiok-street, Warrington. FRODSHAM.—To be Let, Furnished House for ONE OR SIX MONTHS, four bedrooms, large garden, low rent; careful tenant.—Bownsx, Rose Ville, Overton, Frodsbam•

Q MARY MAGDALEN'S, ACCRINGTON.—WANTED ASSIsTANT, Article SO, Standard 111 ; average attend- ance 42. Churchwoman; £so,paid monthly.—Rev Q W SAYER

TINE ORMSRIRK WINDOW-CLEANING COMPANY _l_ FOR SALE; a growing and prosperous business ; good prospects for energetic men.—Apply,B Railway-rd.,Ormakirk,

-WINTER FASH lONS, GEORGE HENRY LEE AND Co., LTD. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL, TUESDAY NEXT, TfiE 7TH INST. PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF W INTER FASHIONS, EMBRACING THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, RICH FURS, NEW SILKS, NEW DRESS MATERIALS. ALL DEPARTMENTS REPLETE WITH THE ;NEWEST GOOD FOR THE SEASON, THE FAVOUR OF A VISIT WILL BE ESTEEMED. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD. BASNETT STREEF, LIVERPOOL.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CUBE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CUBE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENNTHRN TUN WHOLE SYSTEM. INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

D. SCOTTS PILLS CURE LOSS OF APPETITE, CURE DEPRESSION ON SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDRRS OF TRH BLOOD, CURE LASSITUDE AND NRRVOUSNESS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prep red only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOLIII PLA.DE, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other uledicin° Instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS, 7, T. ANN'S 6QUARB, MANCHESTER. HALL MARRED SILVER CIOODS. Established 183 C.

MILLER'S WALK EASY CORN CURE, CURES HARD OR SOFT CORNS IN THREE DAYS. 71D. PER BOTTLE. THE CORN COMES OUT OR YOUR MONEY COMES BACK. H. MILLER, CHEMIST 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub tithed every Saturday morning. THE .Runeorn Examine-, published Friday after noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. 404 ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnos Examiner, published Friday after noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Olierni_.o4 Works of any town in the kingdom, and • rapidly becomws n important centre of industry. rIIHE Earlestowst and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. 'TIRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Fridsl 1 afternoon. THE EXAMINEr: SERIES PREPAID ADVER,TISEMENA''' APARTMENTS WANTED IIOI7SES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET ROUSES TO DE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES One 'Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. weeks. 18 27 - 3s. Od. 36 45 54 JOHN W ALK ER —AND Co. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. _

THE EXAMINER• OCIORISR Ara loon

r

I I I

I

I

2/6 PER (130M.TTPixsEILIUDAEDL) QUART • SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, WINE MERCHANT, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

KEN RICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. STYLE, FIT, AND REASONABLE CHARGES.

HURRY ALONG TO MY FIRST BOOT SALE AND SEOURE SOME OF THE BIGGEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED IN THIS TOWN. ALL INEW GOODS-NO RUBBISH OFFERED. ALP. TAYLOR, THE \WARRINGTON BOOTMAN, 45, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. SALE I. NOW PROCEEDING.

NEW AUTUMN DREoSES. CHOICE AND IN EXPENSIVE. NEW TRIMMINGS. LATEST IDEAS. W. T. WILLIAMS • 74, SANKTAY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WRIGIIT'S Protects from Infections Diseases. COAL TAR SOAP IS THE ORIGINAL 6 ONLY GENUINE, a Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. fREFUSEITATI OANLsi,

RAILWAY TIME TA.BLE SEPTEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON - Acton Bridge-7;W, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, 12 5, 15, 265 5 20,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altcar and Hillhouse -7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,a 40, 6 15, 27 15, 85 a 9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & a 2 58.5 3 23,, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 15.25, 5 20, 7 20. 1134. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, 45,11 35 ablondays excepted. Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51,19 58, 11 55412 55, 37, 522 656. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 4 20,5 15 p.m Blackburn -545,835. p 56, 11 42, Ii 15, 4 50, 6 26,8 50. Sundays 843, a 3 35,8 o.a via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 1142, al 15, 3 50, 4 50.6 26 717,8 50, 940. Sundays 843. 3 35.6 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. Bolton- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1 15, 332. 4 26, 6 43 'ii, 920, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15. 858 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 545. 956 11 42. al 15, 4 50,49 55. Sundays 335,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays Haturdays accepted. Chester-7 37, 8 17,9 2,10 23, 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2,20 3 194 22,517,6 4,7 44,10 14,11 35 Sundays 8 44,10 36,7.45.11 35. Collins Green-7 5. 85, 825, 10 10,12 7, 2 35, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 58,53 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 20, 11 67, 1 5.2 54 5:20,7 20, 1134. Sundays 258, 10 15,4 5,11 35. abloadays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 92, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 6 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5 51, 8 46.9 58, 1155,12 55, 3 13, 417 5 22,6 55, Sundays all 58 am,a 420 ,51S p.m a stop when required Barlestomn-5 45. 75, 8 6,8 25.8 35, 9 25, 1013,1055, 11 55 127, 115.2 35,3 403 50. 5 15, .a 33? " .30,9 25,9 65, 10 30 Sundays.? 40 8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10,6 0.7 57,9 54 p.m Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30, 8 25. 945 11 53.1 55 3 20,515.6 17,741.9 48. Sundays 9 5, 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37. 9 2 1023. 5225. 220, 3 15. 4 22.5 7. 5 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57. 835.9 5. 10 512 0 15, 2 10, 4 0 529 75. 85. 5951. d 1035.11 39 Sunday 9, 9 55, 1122. 2 39. 7 Jo. 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only 113 aturdays excepted. Glasgow-5 20;9 57,11 42,11 55, al 15 4 §O9 55.Sundaya 9 5 leaves 2 10 on Saturday. Golborne-5 45. 7 5.8 35, 1055. 1155. 1 15, 3 50, 515 7 17 9 55. Sundays ,8 43. 60. Hough Green-7 12. 82, 8 31, 10 5. 12 0, 1 2 10,4 0.5 29 6 15,7 5, 715,8 0,9 25,59 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 9.31,11 22.2 39, 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted Irlam and Oadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15. 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 53, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 123, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 7 8, a 7 45. 9 27. Sundays 860. 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 Sc, 5 I,a 5 255,1 75, 85,8 25 9 25,10 55, 12 7 2.35 3.40 5 15, 6 33, 78.740. 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35,5, 6 30, 8 35, 843, 3 28. 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. bMondays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 109 11 53, 1 55, 3 20,5 15, 6 17.7 41, 9 33. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15.8 2, 95, 1026, 120, 117, 2 10,2 21, 3 18, 40. 5 55,18 5, 9 11, 10 3011 20 11 39. Bundays4 30, 5 30, 90, 9 55.1122,2 z 0,2 39, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18 10 20. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London (L. & N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 710. 828. 9 45,10 20, 1157. 15,2 0, 5 20, 1134. bundays 2 58,10 15,4 5,11 35, Mondays excepted. all&ondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 65, 3 140, 5 22, 6 55, Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.1 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0,955 10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 6 13, 7 8, a 7 45. 9 27 Sundays 850, 3 8,8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 545, 7 5. 85, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 9 25,10 40,10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35, 332, 4 26, 5 32, 6 43 7 17, 8 8,9 20. 1030. Sundays 313. 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15. 6 0. 757 858 tom High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 4, 9 58. 1049, 1 14, 3 38. 411. 813. 78, 9 27, 11 40 Sunda;3 8 48, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 32. 8 55, 98,9 55 10 55 11 23,11 65, 1255. 1 55,2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 6 55, 7 10,7 55, 8 13, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, alo 2, all 15, bll 49, all 57, Sundays 8 45, 937. 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15. 7 18,8 55 9 25 9 35 10 0. a Saturdays only, sSaturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 40. 10 20. 2 55. 5 35.7 20. No Sunday train Moore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 1 Newton-le-WIIIOWII- 53 10, 5 45.7 5, 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 10 1040, 10 55 1155, 12 7,12 18,11, 2 59. 3 32, 3 50. 4 26, 4,50. 5 15, 6 43,7 17 9 20. 9 55,10 30. Sundays 3 11, 7 40, 8 43 a m 3 35. 5 35,6 0,7 57 8 58,9 54a via Kenyon Mondays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 1220. 1 40,3 55 6 28, 7 10. 8 1.3. 9 151 Sundays 8 45, 10 14. 7 44, 5 15. 935 Preston-5 20, 5 45. 8 35. 9 55, 11 42, 11 55, bl 15, 350 60,6 26 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 /43. 335 80, 9 54. aSaturdays only. bleaves at 210 on Saturdays. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 945, 109, 1 55, 320, 515. 6 17, 7 41, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 82, 9 5, 10 6, 11 5. 12 0 1 5 2 10,2 58,4 0,4 22 5 29,6 15,7 5,8 5, 9 25,a9 40 510 35, Sundays 9 0. 11 22, 2 39, 9 5, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted ()Saturdays only, (0.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 20, ci2„k5.3 13,4 17. 6 65. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, aTuesdays and Tffilirsdays only. St Helens- 7 5, 85, 8 25. it .0, 10 55. all 53, 12 7 al 55. 2 35 3 40. 615, 633, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 30 Sundays 835,8 43 a 9 5, a 2 40, 6 0.68 0, 954 a via Widnea Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 125 3 30, 40,5 33 6 15, 7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 9 5, a Saturday only. Thelwall-From Arpley Station. 6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 4,9 58 1049, 1236,1 14. a 2 23,3 38, 411, 518, 613. 78, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812 a Saturdays only. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-756, 95 1,5, 115, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 9 25, a 9 40, b 1035. Sun- days 90, 9 31, 239, 918, 10aSaturday1 excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. andN.-W-)-7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 515,6 17, 7/40, 948. Sundays, 96,240,80. Wigan- 620, 545. 75, 835, 9 56, 10 55,11 42,11 55, 1 15 a 2 10 269, 350,4 50.5 15. 625.7 17.8 50.9 40,9 55. Sundays 8 43, 3 35, 60. 9 54. anaturdays only TO WARRINGTON FROM. Adton BridBe-6 30, 7 40, 852, 10 57, 12 0, 335, 4 45,7 20 33 Sundays 755, am 4 42 p m. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 24, 12 44, 2 12, 4 2, 4 13, 5 56, 7 19, 8 24, alO 17, Sundays/ 920, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays excepted. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10,5 50°7 20 9110, 1225, 2 0 335 a 4 406 50,7 25. Sundays 310. 12 40,7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham ,(Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48, 2 23, *45,7 15,10 34 1125, Sunday 415, am 40. 11 25 p.m. Blackburn-8 30.10 48, 1230,1 55. 34?, 760 a 9 5, alo 15, Sundays. 8 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston Blackpool (Talbot Road) -8 5, 8 45, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40 1 40 3 15, 523 7 0,100. Sundays 72,1 35 5 12, 7 37. r Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.8 57,10 0.10 20,11 25. 1 5 2 55,4 53 6 50, 8 is. Sundays 6 45. 1 15,4 57,8 45. 5 i 0,555. 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 815 R.M., 65, 25 p.m Bolton-6 65, 6407 Saturdays 3only, Carlisle-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 945, 12 58, 140, 4 22. 5 55, 8 42.50ud5y5 12 5 a.m.. 1 50. 8 41.alidon lays! excepted. Chester-7 26.8 45.9 40. 10 12, 10 40, 11 40, 155. 2 10, 3 0 3 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35,7 35,810,8 50,Sunday5 2 32,4 30.6 30,655 Collins Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24. 11 23. 1 39. 2 iq. 35, 4 I, 5 38, 623, 6 38,7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 ica.Tv.. 7 15,P.M• Crewe-4 45, 6 0.6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 6, 11 30, 2 258, 32315 843105, 55 640. 86, 90. Sundays 455. 7 10, 245 4 10, 920 Daresbury-8 16, 101?. 11 18,12 52, 5 53. 8 48. Sundays Mondays. 36 SBaBti.tr9days oaly. 7 27..5.ra, 45 p.m. Daby-.42 12, 93h 610223,0,61551,2, a3E3xoc,llep4t47M, 10 48 12 6"BiladralYesatolw2ns-. 67 3508, 713 8 46, 9 15, 945 10 26, 11 23 a12.1F2411.d.51142: ae Ferryl 83 .4 33.9p14.5, n2k5.9.1t55h7. 150:021 ,2,3.648355504757: 293943:4.. 9 50, 6 al, 1240 5 6 2.6 54, 914. Sundays 8 22,2 57. 2. .5,,,,,85hain-7 55 91,101, 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, " •Ge .adSra ,27t, a612.(5C643h:e (Cheshire Lines)-? 4:01 .09 .1. 1 an6i nssl)6. 873525485. , 0, 910, • faimow-10 0,2 0.2 1. 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 5 50, 90 L Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, 12 27 2, 41, 438 5 , 9 9;10 45 sandsys 9 40. 75. Rough Greet-7 45. 810,99. 103. 1055. 1.9,23 / 1.4 7.7 11,7 38, 915. Sundays 8 23,9 20, 3 30, 6,4 910. Irlam and Cadishead Central) -7 359 53,r 50 4 11 20 Sundays 10 59. 6 53, 8 50. 10 0. Latchford 85.- 840 9 20,10 2. 11 16, 1 20. al 45. ( 20, 3 0, 422, b 5 41.6 7, 6 49,7 31,9 42, 1127. Sundays 8 23 onwly.„bSat,slr 6 0 dav,s7 6eo,xCepted. 33 .7 2r p 3.0. l aSaturdays(vi,r Ear th )_az 5,1. s i€ 8 0. 8 35.9 25 11 0, 15. 1 30, 3 0,4 20 4 50, 5 35.7 5, 8 25, 511 15. Sunday 7 30,9 20. 6 30, ailondays only. bSaturdava only, Via Whines (L. & N.W.)-6 25,8 10, 95, 9 50, 12 25, 1 25 235.3 35 4 20, 5 20,6 5,8 30, 1045, Sundays 735, 2 0. 715 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 735.8 20, 8 3), 8 33 8 40 9 35 9 35 10 30. 11 15,11 20.11 CO. 11 50 12 30, 1 0.1 30 1 33,1 55 2 30, 2 50 350 a 30, 455 5 30.5 38, 6 35.7 30, 8 30 8 33 830.11 40 Sunoays 750.90, 2 30.2 50 4 20 6 30, 830,8 3 London (L & N W)-b 15 7 10, 10 25 12 10, 2154 15 530 120 Sundays 100,5 30, 120. Londonalislan-.11-5 15.10 13. 12 30.2 0 4 0, 1 55,5 30,6 45 9 15 12 15. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-7 58,8132,9 14, 9 62, 11 8, 111, al 37 25, 2 50 14,55 33,5 59, 6 41, 7 28, 9 33,11 19. Sundays 8 la 2 25 7 15 a Saturdays only sSaturdays excep Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 85, :8 30, 9 5, 9 40 10 45 12 10,1 6, 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 7 5, 8 0. 9 20, 10 40 Sundays. 80, 8 30, 0,10 0, 60, 10 40 Manchester (London-road)-1 20,71 50,9 25,10 33, 12 351 50 21. 3 40, 55 5, 5 20, 65, 6 50, 855, 10 45 Sund tys 730 1 4,1 6 30 Maturdays excepted, aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-5 45. 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 933 9 36.10 30, 1036, 1130.12 30, 12 50 13), 2 30, 330. 430, 440, 530. 6 30, 638. 730 8 30, 8 35,10 0, 110. Sunday 930 9 6,930. 40.1 42, 20, a 5,6 358 30,9 40,a Monday, Wednesdays and Saturdays only Middlewich-6 48, 239 66. No Sundry trains. Moore-6 65.96. 11 9.12 14,3 53.5 0.7 33.duu -1.1,3.8 19, 458 Newton-6 55.7 25.8 42. 98.9 29, 10 9,10 22.11 8, 12 4) 1 53, 374 7,4 48 5 10, 535 5 49, 6 27, 7 10.8 0,9 15, 955 11 a, a.,11 47, Sundays 3 30, , 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20 11 5 aSaturdays only Sankey-7 55, 828 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36.1 33 140 2 40, 343, 4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 26, 726. 8 6 9 32. all 50 Sundays 837 10 3 37. 5 7, 9 28. aSaturdays only Sheffixld-8 25.11 5„155, 5 5.6 55, a 8 35. Sundays, 8 10 6 10 Saturdays wily. St. Helens-6 20 6 55, 80. 8 23, 9 0,11 10, 11 21,1 25 1 45: 2 50.4 30, 5 25.6 10. 6 55. 7 25. 3 53 103), aL. 2) Sunday 7 50,9 35,6 55, 9 5.a Saturdays only Southport-8 6,8 65, ln 10,11 5.12 25, 1 53, 2: 50, 3 55, 533 7 0,8 5.a9 5 100. Sundays, 90. 2 0, 3 0, aoaturdays only. 3 Thelwall-8 1, 836, 918, 9 58, 1012, 1 15, al 41. 29, 9 55.4 22,55 37, 63. 6 45, 7 30, 937, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, 29. 7 19. aSaturdays only, bSaturdays excepted. Wigan-633. 8 15,9 26, 9 ,6, 10 0, 11 22, 12 15, 1 45, 230 427. 25, 456, 5 20. 7 5, 9 0, 11 30.

THE REAPERS. The risen Sun, with glory crowncd, Resumes his heavenly race ; No clouds conceal his wondrous round, No shadows dim his face. Thus breaks the morn, all calm and bright, O'er hills and valleys fair : Unfolding in its golden light, The world of beauty there. On such a morn we love to rise, And wonder forth at will ; To feast our hearts, and feast our eyes, On nature lovely still. And then we see the rural bands, Once mere to labour born ; Go forth, with willing hearts and hands, To reap the yellow corn. Then 0, bow sweetly hums the bee, To gladden their employ ; And singing birds on every tree? With then would share their 30y: Intent on useful labour too, His web the spider weaves ; All white and lovely as the dew, That trembles on the leaves. God bless the reapers in their toil, Their brawny arms sust.iin ; That they may gather in tbe spoil, And fill our barns again. :Mr winter time is drawing nigh, 'Twill soon be at our door; When bleak and bare the fields will lie And yield their fruit no more. J. H. W. CLINDINNING. September. 1902.

A CROWN OF HEALTH.—AII sufferers from Dyspepsia. Liver Piles ortleadaches will receive sufficient of an infallible remedy for three days' treatment free. Send stamped envelope.-492, STEETFORD-ROAD, Manchester.—Advt. IMPURITIES IR THE BLOOD.—" We have seen hosts Of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clark's Blood Mixture, It cannot be too highly esti- mated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities This is a good testimonial from the" Family Doctor, which goes on further to say : It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Clark's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Mit (4). PLOBILINE THE TEETH AND BREAM-- ThOrOngby cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, manias artac, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful tnagranee to the breath. Priori ?s. 6d. for the liquid, or ls. per jar for the Ploriline "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.- 4drt VALUABLE Dm OCOTERY FOR THE .-fAIR,—Ii your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER. for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its Original colour. It makes the halt charmingly beerbotttifulte,l.lll./Iwel ctet:is promoting the growth. Mee ed p To Moygmte.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their Jhßdren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediet.ly, It is pleasant to taste ; and prodikeaniktUrai oniet Sleep, oy relieving the child from pain and the littlb oherub awakes " 'Might as a button." Of all Chemists Is lid per bottie. Advt. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to core, in either sex. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and lifildland,;,Counties DrugDompeny- Lincoln.—

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Sum* to Countm Mansions, botels, and public Milidings, C. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FO n IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG Reim, w.e. WORKS : GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

TritilisiiiM NARDI THERAPION. plohplauleaurceremsfuealva,ndashigekinly , ployed in the Continental Hospitals b Ricord Itostan,Jabezt, Velpeau. and others. surpasses everything hitherto empMyed for imanrity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and Met logs ot the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles. gravel, pains in the back. rbeu- matism. gout, sleeplessness, nervous and phystaal eirhaus- tio,.., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Tull particulars send stamped addressed envelope tar pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43 HOLFORD- QUARE, LONDON, W.O

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requieite for the trade. Regildiag a Speciality. Largest Ste sit Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarge 4 to 160 pages. JUST PUBLISHED. SWith all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. GlassStoct lists free on application. q. MORELL, 17 arid 181 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : —.• Rabbitry, London."

BEST FOOD pOR INFANTS OFALL AGES. --- o',--,-,'S-s Manufactured by ...• ,-),,, ~,,, i SAVORY it MOORE, L. f / / -------- , I-/ Cti Chemists to the King, \ ' 4 7------- BESTrooPFORI ' '' NEW BOND STREET, LONDON, _•-•. • A of %; 1:: 1 z' _ -= ~ :61,. ......." .... . oimma. •-• '--- .--L—_---L...ftizzreizi. - ---------:------,----- t,.

The marvellous success attending the efforts of WM. MELLOR, the eminent Eye Specialist, reads like a romance.

Eve Diseases Every person interested in this subject should GOLD MEDALLIST p mitt 416. Atm write for WM. MELLOR'S FOR RESTORING SIGHT el Ingumuly BOOK OF TO The BLIND! I! TESTIMONIALS, and, as each one is 30,000 CASES heisa fide, they shed a SUCCESSFULLY TREATED. Cured flood of light upon the "possibilities" of this Don't yield to despair but almost miraculous treat- ment. WRITE TO-DAY!!! WMs MELLOR, , Eye SPcialist, 168, OXFORD ST., MANCHESTER. Without Operation

• •-\ 4 • lOL Jig: • lAA Ifor Ladies. PILLS A FRENCH RIESSI3DX bUFMIUDIIG MITER APPLH. PIL COCHIAC, IPENNYROYAL, !ex. Price 48.6 d. post free. Obtainablejonly from MARTIN, CHEMIST, S OUTHAMPTON

is wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HARNESS. so'f- Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIOHEST AWAII,DS. Dubbin Tins ad., 6.3., il. .57. zl6 of Root Makers, Saddlers, Lrontnosseets &as. Mannlactory East Did-rich, London.

HAVE you With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation. eud'swollerythat when you prese yaw finger on tbe,inflamed partit leaves the irapres.ffin? If so, under the skin you have poison Vat defies all the reliiedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never cau'recdyer;''but go on suffering tibl dea;ll releases You. Perhaps your I nee. are swollen, thejointsbeingtileeratedilhesaine o 13th the aukles, round which the skin may. ,be coloured, or there May be wounds; the disease, it 6111.0,Ved to continue, will deprive. you.of the power to ivelk. You may have,att coded various hospitals and Lad medical advice Mid heel' told your case'll hopeless, or advised to aubmit*o amputation: but cto not, for L. cart enre you. Ilion't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have fade). Itas no neasen I should. Send at. once a Postal Order forts. 6d. to R. W. 'ALBERT, 73; l'arringdon-street..London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper ailitinent and Pills, which iv a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid'. Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned iiauda. and Bunions. ißegistertai Copyright') _

BIRD'S CUSTARD POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

COLEMAN'S WINCARNIS THE FINEST TONIC IN THE WORLD. 6,oouestil rTvmorfristotme Mediae Men. 6,000 NORWICH & LONDON.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY Prevents Decay, Saves BUNTER'S Extraction,e leN ights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed by BUNTER'S Nlitt- NERVINE VINE. All Chemists, ls. , or post free on receipt of stamps to Depht, 14, White Lion street, Norwich. _ THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S WORSDELL'S PILLS Are %certain cure for Dubgestion, Biliousness, Head-he Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, etc. For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, is lid. 2s 9d, and 4s 6d per boa, or free on receipt of stamps to DepOt. 14, White Lion-stre Norw:ch.

9 11, 44 PILLS CUF:E INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

WOMAN'S UNFAMINGI FRIEND t TOWLE'S PEN 86 N sY E 0 EY L rILLS FOR FEMAX_c___S. QII.T.CALY CORBEOT ALL IRREQULANM.XB, BEIBOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND Bir+TEVB Tan Inarnnentie SW:MOM OD PREVALENTVITH TAR BEE. Boxes. 1j114'2,0 (contains three times the cinaMity), of all Chemist's. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM of Imitations. injurious and worthless.

..;,,-: -,-`.','. .•• '• .: • ' '.-- V ' ..„. & - •.?; ‘ , r ' .41•'i :' .I'o / 0 - t , 5 ~. ~ • : ' 4.141Ei1l 1.4111. .., ''-' 0)' .1-I•4o''' lye 5..'..4.1....a • '''. ' . ' 1"14,0' " '

LARGEST, or J!(; CHEAPEST. - Nearly 3*o Branches LOCALIADDRESSES. 35, BRIDGE-STREET iWARRINGTON. 5. BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, CH TER,ET ETC. NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPH. THE WORLD-RENOWNED TALKING MACHINE. It Talks. It Slugs. It Plays. 9s. 6d. 9s. 6d. WONDER - - MARVEL OF 401/1" ' OF THE THE AGE. I CENTURY. ; LOUDEST, SIMPLEST, OHEAPEST. NEW PROCESS. EXTRA LOUD. HIGH—SPEED RECORDS Fit every make of Machine, t/3 each. Write for New Illustrated Catalogue now ready. Write for Raw List of Records, just published. Write for New Hints on Record Making. No dealer is complete without our list of Parts. POST FREE. AGENTS WANTED HEAD DEPIT NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPHS, WATBRFIELD, CLIFFORD, & Co— Ltd., Dept. W.E. 40, flattop Garden, Holborn Circus, London.

symiNgToNssH COFFEE 1 • ESSENCE ~ T.. k . q ,t _,..... i 6. • t , ..... , ' 110.1.11 ILIA .I"Wu Z-r-7--,. - J A t , s•.. - - _ A, .okk • 0 0,00000 .494 ' yL"Vi Pura CON& Clanflo/iDn CON& Coffee & Chicory. A STIMULANT! A RESTORATIVE! A CORRECTIVE!! wr REFUSE ALL OTHERS. "Mil

')- A BOOK FOR LADIES. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every I.‘ woman. No other book is written which goes so thoroughly into mat- kers relating to ladies. klome may , think too much is told. 'Such MU scarcely be the case, for knowledge such as is given is conducive to happiness. The book can be ha.d nt closed envelope from Dr. T. R. ALLINSON. 523 Room. 4 Spanish-place,London,W, in return for P.O. torlfZ

DR. Dr ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the world as the most Bata and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Tamteago, Gout. Rheumatism Weajrness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Discharges. ano Diseases et the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally Many oOmpts, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination et the blood with certain impunities whieh should have been carried off by the kidneys. Dvery package bears the Government stamp. with the words, WALIRR DE BOOS, LONDON." thereon by order oi her Majesty's Hon. Ccromissionere, Price is. lid. an 2s. 9d, at, all Medicine Houses, or poet free from Proprietor Mulford House. itoltord-souare. W

IT R CCONWPios ITSELY 4 MAPPIN BROTHERS IN 00SAT CELEBRATED SH EFFIELD PLATE POWDER BROTHERS I N_ 2.7G4D? POLISHINGPASTE MAPPIN BROTHERS 1),f6A!"1 KNIFE-POWDER .FROM EIRSH MOMS FIN IN THEMAPPIN t UPWASIDS r` HALF A CENT Ufte.TO BE. Mit ALL S.TORES,OII-CAE I.II•44DROIRECt FllOll r wy NM= emaguEENVI, LOAD ON.r"

o measure tor Sa.s .1). per week TSUIT, 1 2 u f ! 4 !. For 55r. down, and 7 monthly 4 1,2 ' ill 1 V total payments. O 1 a u of 5:; eas ehi t; ;making c al F , tailor would charge you 60F. for .1 , you can have our well-known Ili• 4\COI R BO N ABTI I Ok N r Gre SERGErei 1 Send to-day for patterns and self- -1 11! measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and Co, 649,rr ,i,ktte o al e r I 1 f Fe- rdg iliSheald. c ig pa d n I orders %/ft, , guarantee all goods to fit, lOC/ S• smart, and well-made, pieise mention this paper.

and I have much pleasure and satisfaction in seconding the resolution. The proposition was carried. REAPPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS. Mr J Palm RYLANDS proposed : " That blesses Blew and Bone be re-appointed auditors for the current year at a salary of £280." Mr D GARNETT seconded, and the motion Was passed. THE CHAIRMAN THANKED. Mr J P RYLAND; also moved :—" Trial the best thanks of this meeting be awarded to Mr J S Elarmood Banner, for his conduct in the chai•." Mr LITTLER seconded, aad the proposition was agreed to. The Came:wax : I can only thank you -or the vote of thanks. I hope neat year I shall deserve it not only by services, but by a dividend. (Laughter.)

F OR FI RST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY, TEETH. Annointments nnnecessary,lblit inay be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informed beforehand the Coot TEETH. Gold and other fillings at huidersta charges. TEETH. An MD.. also Lady Attendants. T o EETH. P.'nlesa Extraction Nitrous hitherto by the aid TEET Maker to Dentists of 1:i.0001gallons weekly. • Exors. of the late J. IL PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM MR. MADDISON AITENDS ST. HELENS ~.....GEORO R-ST EET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, '2 to 5. Br NnORN, 31. BRIDGEr'-STREET T TORSDAY, 2 to .5. APPLEMARKET-STREET' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

BIRTH. GARLAND—On September 29th at Larkfleld, Lower Watt the wife of Ernest S Garand, of a daughter.

FRIARS Oftlitirf, warrlngton Opt 'site Arpley Station, Also at MANCHRSTIM-ROAD, (late Baseutugtici S. T. WARD IND Co. MONUAIENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, itc„ Makers of all kluds of Oblmnov Pieces, Monomer:its, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Graaite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND infIANING 'MISTING MONUMENTS & EIPBOI&LITY.
