===== 0002601_19020321_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GLADSTONE BAGS

22in.

24ia.

COWHIDE l7/11 lB/11 COWRIDB (EXTRA STRONG) 25/6 2B/6

FOR BHORT TIME ONLY AT.

B ERESFOR D',S,

MANTJFACTURERS 771 CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
114NOWNED SRIN FOOD. POSITIVELY THE firi4b BEST BEAUTIFIER KNOWN. ""LBTEED HARMLESS. Post Free, 2s. 21. One bottle

will convince you. ' PATRNTBBS,' BLIITCHLBY HALL, BUCKS.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
cZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS Every workman should have on of HAMM'S cele- brated 4a. 6d. Serge Jacket', strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ip ; • . Q.ll 1./1 t 544., .11 ~ . , A , ki,7111 , t '4:.14‘.; 0 0., is; r 4 s I a

No. 1197 ONE PENNY..

Br Posr }is 730 per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum Ts gd per Quarter cred.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
POST Ens OF ALL SIZES May be Inspected and Betimates obtained at JOHN WALKER AND CO.. BE WSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. 4/4

===== 0002601_19020321_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
U° MB 10 641 ITN'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY. for plAsos AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GET ROTH. BTRAIGHTFORWAIID BIJINBS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even In Piano Selling. Plain, clean. honest methods are what the public " tie to," and these yoa always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setye you faithfully—to please you always— these ate our ambitions. THUILE'S ONLY ONE

ANO-SMITU IN difffST ER. Send to SHITti for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TRIMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS „ Es. Od. TILL PAID FOB.I

Every instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange.

YOUR ?d 0 NRY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY.

TIMM MAR BR BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, aid My goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH. 34. 88, and 17s, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. . BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 36, liailway-road. ST. HELENS : 99, Oorporstion-street.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING RINGS.

GUINEA GOLD

WEDDING RINGS.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE POSTERS. ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATION. PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED

JOHN WALKER &

===== 0002601_19020321_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS lIRPAIRS IN

CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO

W. EVANS,

Worms :—BEAMONT-STREEV. NEAR THE INFIRMARY (13 YEARS WITH GARNETTS). CHARGES VERY REASONABLE.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
FAST BLUE

SERGE SUITS

TO MEASURE

AT 30 s.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WEAK MAN

SUFFERING from NERVOUS and FiIYSIOAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be suczesif ally treated without stomach medication. The method Is easy sod pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge.

N. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCBRY-LANH, LONDON. Over 30 years' continuous success.

FRANK DAs, 1 NUGGET SPORTING AGBNCY

MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. CITY AMD SUBURBAN, CHESTER CUP, DERBY, AC A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market changes SINGOII, DOUBLE, AND TREBLE EVENTS. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all furtker particulars address as above.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WANT. SD IN CANADA.

CAPITALISTS. PERSONS, WITH MODEILLTH IN- COMBS. FARMERS ?AIM LABOURIIRS. YOUNG MRN DISsIHING. TO LEARN FARMINO, AND DOMESTIC SERVANTS, for whom special arrangements are made. FREE GRANTS OF LAND In ONTARIO, MANITOBA an i tho NoRTH WEST. Crown Lands In other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. NO RENT. FREE SCHOOLS Low TAXES. HEALTHY CLIMATE GROWING TRADE. INCREASING PROSPERITY._ _ .

_ Pamphlet.. Maps, reliab,e information and advice on all matters of interest to intending settlers, and es to the trade and commerce of the Dominion, gratis and .post free.

Particulars can also be obtained from the Allan. Dominion and Elder Dempster Steamship Companies. or their local agents ;or from the Canadian Pacific Railway Company. Correspondence Invited and personal lihtervlews arranged. Apply to the CAN 11)1A N IatiViSRN:II,:NT AGENCY, 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

POSTERS, WINDO W-BILLS, AND CIRCULARS. PROGRAMMES. POSTERS. STATEMENTS.

PAMPI3LETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &C.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

"EXAMINER" OFFI

Oroni

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S OHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. _ _

CfiLoijoliffsfth-i;--adTailt-te-cflW ChTlVOi;sion be the moat wouderfalzand valuable remedy ever dia covered.

OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronobitis and Asthma. "111LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests I those too often fetal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, rp. Ague. iIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea ) and is the only specific in Cho!emend Dysentery. YULORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. niILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, flout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis. &c.

From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., HOlllealCO. We have made pretty extensive use of Ohlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whsteveroause. It Induces a feeling of comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posse. this great advantage over all other sedatives ; tkust It leaves no unpleasant after effects.

"Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's donsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CRLONO- DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1864.

(IAUIION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND MITA- -IIONS.

—CATTMON.—VIoe-OhdnoelioiVr FV.P.aan WOOD stated that Dr. 7. CoLLte BROWNE Was, anioubtedly, the inventor of “CHLORODYNR " ana that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See mes, 13th July, 1864, Sold in bottles at Is. 1V,., 21. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words OR. J COLLIS BROWNR'S CHLORODYNR "on the Government Stamp. Overwheilin , lug Medic,' testimony SAVOIDDRIDMI afiGh bottle

===== 0002601_19020321_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
- GREEN SPOT NOT FIR AWAY WHERE YOU CAN GET ALMOST ANYTHING Foil THE HOUSEHOLD ALL GOODS BOUGHT FOR CASH AT LOWEST MARKET PRICES ALL GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST PRICIISFORCASLL THE CHEAPEST SPOT FOR YOU THE SPOT " SHOP THE " GREEN " SPOT SAM N. GREEN

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PRI7A TIC

-D ENTISTRY. TEETH. APPointments rinneceraary but may arrangact_ rrEETE consultations tree. TEETE. Bich patientolfnwtoorrz;:qtlierteocfeband

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

eold and other filltags at tnodelAtt. charges. An N.D., alto Lady Attendants.

Painiesa Extraction aa hitherto by the of Nitron.

flatter to Deuctsta of 10,000 weekly.

Bxors, of the late

===== 0002601_19020321_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
J. H. PARKINS

(Damn re ilzAm.) MOSLHY-STESE (Telephone 1660).

===== 0002601_19020321_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER,

MR. 111-ADDISON A TTENDS ST. II EL ENS - --GEORG E-STEE ET

MONDAI, 930 am. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON ... SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN —...—...-31, BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTIMICFI_ 18, APPLRNIARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
RE WISE IN TIME, AND FURNISH AT

PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCH EST ER (Just past Station through Railway Arch). ALSV AT

PITTS'S PANT -ti-fil 0-ICT, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). .LTY, NOB!

===== 0002601_19020321_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PATRONISED BY ROTA

,ITY, Ac. THERE'S NOTaIIAG HALF SO SWEET IN LIFB AS LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM,--o sang Tom Moore years ago, and everyone who has been fortunate enough to consummate a happy engagement by a suitable marriage will, doubtless, cordially endorse this statement. What could be plAasanter than to be the proud possessor of a nice home, presided over by a loving, winsome wife, whose sole desire is to maga things comfortable for you and the little ones—when they arrive? liSspecially do you realise the charm when you know that, thanks to your own industry and the economical methods of the aforesaid good lady, the "nest egg" at the bank is steadily augmenting.

AGREEABLE HOME SURROUNDINGS, of course, tend to heighten the felicity. whilst upholding the family dignity. Good furnishings, artistically and sub- stantially constructed and tastefully arranged, not only give pleasure to all beholders, but have an educational, an elevat- ing influence upon the children, create in their susceptible minds the desire to possess a similarly furnished home some day. supplied by the same good old Firm their parents patro- nised, make them frugal and th^ifty, en that when they reach manhood or womanhood other good orders are given to PUTS'S. of LONDON-ROAD, and GAYTHORN, who fulfil them in a satisfactory manner as usual.

PITTS'S CELEBRATKD HOUSES OF FURNI- Lure at 15i, 24, 281, 384, 53,75,100, 2D, up to LOCO guineas, are in point of kxcellence, Durability, and VALUE the VERY 111 T OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEM?. SAVING OF te PER CENT, as compared with others. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 80J designs, priced, on application. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent. extra.

VD IT TS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.—DINING- 1. ROOM SUITE, covered with real Leather, comprising Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs, and Six Single Chairs . Side- board. Extended Dining Table, Overmsuitel, Brass Fender, Brasses, and large Carpet; complete for 20-1 guineas, worth 43 euineas. MORNING-ROOM SUITE. in real Saddlebags, mounted with rich Utrecht Velvet, comprising luxurious Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs and Settee, small Chairs Extend- ing Table, tideboard. Overmantal. Carpet, Fender and Brasses, complete ter 25 guineas, worth 50 guineas. DRAW- ING-ROOM SUITE, in Inlaid Rosewood Upholstered with a most expensive covering; beautiful C..binet to match, fitted with Cupboards. Shelves Bevelled Glass, Ac. ; splendid Overmantel,with o umerous Bevelled Glasses, Envelope Card Table. Wine Table. al forming a really superb suite, packed and delivered for 50 guineaspwell worth £lOO. There is also the large Turkey carpet. Axminster and nsin Hugs, solid Brass Fender, Pianoforte by Ward. BEDROOM SUITE in Ampric•n Walnut comprises large Wardrobe. fitted with every convenience. Pair of Elaborate Toilet Tables, Bevelled Glasses, Marble Slab, Tiled Rack, & ; three Chairs. Towel Rail, and Peclestil cupboard, being a redly grand suite; cOmplete for 2?. guinea., worth 50 guineas OTHER BED- ROOM SUITES, In Rosewood, Satinwood American Ash.and decorated goods will be cleared at about half regular prices. P's PIANOS, CARPEL'S, BASSINETTES MAIL ()ARTS, LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, EARTHEN- WARE, Table Billiards and Bagatelle. Magnificent selection. PITTS'S OFFIC and LIBRARY FURNITURE. —Every Description of Bookcases, Secretaires. Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices, Parsys BEDSTEADS AND BEDlAo.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them.

pITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. Grand display. An British makes. choicest designs. many of which exclusive exquisite blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge.

QADIUEL PITTS., MANCLIESTER. LO ND 3N-li OA 0 (Ard wick and Longsight Care). GAYTHOIIN (all City-road Care pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1,124.

kiMjJ FUUNIzR/5.0 FUR

ETTERPRESB PRINTING.

PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING. CIRCULARS. HANDBILLS.

11.;XADIINER PRINTING WORK%

===== 0002601_19020321_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ALui74IIBIIS C DO fLAY L 1•414‘ YATIIST 'ELI-IiAISII% FLOURTH IT IS li BEST

===== 0002601_19020321_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' T;FTTER.

Mr DEAR Nitumt, In millinery, flat shapes may prevail, but any amount of height can be given to them, without destroying their fashionable contour, by means of bristle pompons or waving fronds of stiffened feather. 'Several layers of snuff- brown tulle com- pose the airy piece of headgear seen recently, which has a flat white rosette at one side, centred witt. a boss of pink coral beads and a white plame. People woud do a great service if they would forttiwith forswear all plumage that has been taken in violence and with pain from the birds it adorned. Whether the extr.mie flatness which characterises all the new millinery models will be 'popular remwins *to be seen. A spring hat is a pretty one in white Yeddah straw, with pale blue foulard, spotted with ring spots in mauve, draped round the brim, and a few blush-pink roees nestling in the folds at the back; a simple yet effective hat for &Lilly spring.

Sa e_,•i,-..ately pale are the newest spring materials *that they look ill-fitted to face the rigours of this month, yet, they are fascinatingly fresh after the distinct emerald greens and wood browns now .prevalent. A pretty cloth gown is made with an exceedingly graceful skirt, given a hip - yoke from which moderately full folds of a tunic bang, which in its turn is succeeded by two 'ounces, each edged with taffetas bands of a deeper -hyacinth purple Shade. The pouched bodice is crelihed by black and white silk embroideries on a purple taffetas background, and opens over a chemisette of pale orchid purple point d'esprit held at the waist with a multitude of tiny blaok buttons such as are seen on the sleeves that are se reennisoeut of the skirt. A cream white cap is suitable in its simplicity for the present month. with a bold band of black taffetas threaded through a purple enamel buckle, and a single pale purple rosette with short pleated ends tucked must one side.

lost pt the gowns worn this spring will be in neutral tones, all white, mostly enriched with gold and silver embroideries, mauve, and black and white. Brocades play a very important part for the. trains, which in most cases follow the manteati de cottr style, slang from both or one shoulder, and drooping down in the centre in graceful folds, an as fo reveal the back and waist. The edges of these trains are rolled and wadded, which give. them a substantial appearance, and prevent theta from becoming draggled and turning over. Beyond this rolled edge is a garniture of embroidery or appliqu6, or waved twists of gauze or chiffon. Ono very handsome trkin of thick ivory satin, wove. with a design of roses in silver, will have its edges trimmed with a twisted rope of silver gauze.

The woman who has not a purse of unlimited depth will be inquiring anxiously if the tailor coat and skirt—that ever-useful garment—is to be altered in style this spring. The fashion changes as much in these plainer clothes as in the finery of the more frivolous world. The most expensive tailor-mades are still severe in cut and style. The skirts sit closely round the hips, widen:ng out in flutes below the knees. The train is to be dispensed with for useful or morning wear, so as to leave the hand free from holding up the skirt in walking. A bolero, composed entirely of tucks overlapping each other and stitched with silk, will be worn with-the tailor-made. It will meet the bodice just below the armpits, and will add a very smart effect to the costume.

For a new morning dress, the material is of fire serge, ,made with a small basque. The collar is cut in the new approved shape out of applique and embroidered linen. The skirt is quite plain except for strappings. It is out in the latest style, fitting elosely to the hips, and is full round the feet. Trifies,of muslin and lace are, if possible, worn at this moment more than ever before, and there is nothing that makes a girl look more daintily dressed than the addition of one or other of these pretty collars or ruffles. The Parisian, who always excela in providing soMething peculiarly trim for neck wear, is continually bringing out new ideas a this sort. But even she does not indulge in a more fascinating variety of stocks for lokrases than those now adopted Tqa the Englishwoman who cares for her appearaill Whether made in silk or in velvet, in muslin or in chiffon, or in lace, they are always attractive. And what is more, a clever woman can make one for herself wii,h a very small outlay of time ot. mOnay. • . .

Your loving JENNLIg.

Russia is founding an independent bishoprte in China, and the Bishop-elect of Charbha and Pekiirg Will be at the head of it.

AVV2Ze , Ait : /44.• / ~e////, -at ' ;/,,X • ,-`

I . f# ' 114 /,7 ~" i i dvil ' /1/ , a , 'i , ~ A,

• ' sz `, -.. ", " ( ';e6.' 'I./.-. . ~t ~,,. , . ~.„,,„ f 0 ti 4 . ..,., ~1,. .. .. . . ~/ , / / . , \` \, j 4 /),' ,_ • 6 p- ~y__,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

P PS'S

GF.ATEFUL-COMFORTING.

„,, ..tar C *47.,

13' R EA K FAS T- RJ PP E. FL

===== 0002601_19020321_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARIGRAPITS.

SIMILAR.—" Well, how is your '99 bicycle ? ' "Just like my '9B one—not paid for." DON'T ever doubt that the world will be ready to listen to you when you can entertain it. TEACHER: "Can you tell me anything about Good Friday, Willie?" Willie; " Why, he's the fellow that waited on Robinson Crusoe."

THE little dressmaker who was walking across afield on encountering a bull said elit.'d better utat bias to avoid a gore. Ws ought to be satisfied if we bold our own.; but we generally are not, because we want to -get hold of some one else's.

DIE NEW WAITER. —" Say, do you call these hard•boiled eggs?" "us, sor. They wor boiled as har-rd as we cud boil Mahn fir about two aduyite, ear." _

SO HE TnouunT.—The Wife: "How sweetly the baby sleeps, John I" The Husband: seems like a dream, doesn't it'?"

_ SHE WAS FORTUNATE.—Mrs. Gadabout:: -"That Mrs. Hardhead next door doesn't seem to hay. many friends." Hostess .(wearily): "lii<no. I wonder how she manages it"?"

. PUTTING IT MTLDLY.—" Would you cell gum- eon a mean man?" "No, I should earbe had all kis generous impulses under perfect contirel." Too many cooks spoil the broth, and .the same too many of them tell you that if you don't like it you can get others in their places. "DON'T you know, prisoner, that it's very -wrong to steal& pig?" -"I do now, yetr: worship; they make suck a row."_

lifFEL.r., well," said the absent-minded professor In the bath tab, " now I've forgotten-what 1. got m here for I"

RayErrous.— " Tompkins is inclined tn be a glutton, isn't he?" 441 should say "SO. Why, het eats as much as the average small by l"

METHOD IN IT.—"Your office dcor sticks badly at the bottom." -I' Yes ; I keep it so in order that I can have time to get busy befere p.pki come in.l)

THEIR ONLY CHANCE. —girst Mari: (excite:i /y ) : "Oar restaurant is' on- fire." Second Men (calmly): "Come, then, hurryti and perhaps at last we may be able to get som *ng.hot." AT THE SERSTIOMIL-a Mamma," said the city child, who had vivid recollections of the punhe parks, "isn't it wonder that they don't pat a sign, 'Please, keep off the sand' ? " IN Soma Gasps —She : "Yea are hypercritical. The feat is, you don't like German opera." He: "Oh, I don't know. It isn't so bad—that is, to man who is very hard of hearing." MAMMA : "Yon ought to be more careful. There's Jimmy,fones, he scarcely ever breaks any of his toys." Johnny: "Yes, and he don't half as many new ones as I do." MAnisfrarers "-Do you mean to say the ladv swore at you when you stepped on her skirt?" Fitz William: "Yes, your worship; only she done it with her eyes." PmExonterrat.--Bigge : "Thompson seems to 1):, awfully proud of that boy of his. Boggs: " has a right to be. The .boy is two years old awl hasn't made a single bright remark yet."

Din you ever see a horse-race that you 'milli say was absolutely honest?" - "1 think I did, wunst,' said Bit!. " The fellow what was ahead had oled the hoes."

MRS. SMARTE says her husband is the wotst man that ever was to go shopping. He's ahnost sure to get swindled. "Why." she says, "it ws9 only Cother day that he bought a flute, and when it came home, if you'll believe me, 'twas full of holes."

PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY. "Some day your husband will wake up and find himself famous !" they exclaimed. The poet's wife shook her head sadly. "Reginald has insomnia so dreadfully!' he replied, with a sigh. FINANCIAL THEATRICALS. —“ Daughter, what do you mean by talking of going to Italy, when you know your father is -financially straitened this year?" "I thoughtl would get him scared, so he would let us go to the seashore, anyway." LADY: "Yu begging again?" The 13.?ggar : "Yes; kind lady." Well, I won't help you agai o. I don't believe you've done a thing all the sum- mer !" "Indeed I have, mum; I just done this ty days." CAIIIIIED THE POIXT.—" I object," said the attorney, "to the characterisation of my client us a midnight marauder. The evidence shows that he committed the burglary at half-past one." The objecticn was ustained. Pnssialism EXPLAINED.—" What is pessimism ? " asked the boy. "Pessimism," replied the father, ruefully, "is the natural result of receiving bills from a dressmaker and a milliner on the same day."

;‘ PAPA," said Tommy Treadway. "Now, Tommy," replied Mr. Treadway, "I shall answer only one more question to-day, so be careful what you ask." "Yes, papa." "Well, go on." "Why don't they bury the Dead Sea?"

MISTRESS "How is it, Mary, that whenever I enter the kitchen I always find a man there?" Mary: "I don't know, ma'am, indeed, unless it be them there soft shoes ye wears, that don't make no noise !"

A SAD CASE.— Female Asylum Attendant: "That is a very sad case. The poor creature actually prefers comfort to ,style." Visitor: "Goodness I And won't she ever recover her reason ? "

CAUSE FOR SUSPICION.—Hoon : "I fear my brother-in-law is loosing his mind." Mrs. noon: "Mercy me! What makes you think that?" Hoon: "Why, this morning when I asked him how his health was, he said it was poor, and then did not stop to tell me all about it.'

To BEGIN WiriL—Editor (to aspiring writer) : "You should write so that the most ignorant can understand what you mean." Aspirant : " Well, what part of my paragraph don't you under. stand ! '

WEALTH does not bring happiness, perhaps. Nevertheless, when fashion decrees a dress that buttons down the back, it is the ridh woman who may hirs a maid, while the poor woman has to :All in neighbours. "DOESN'T it make you feel a little blue to find yourself getting old?" inquired the strictly freeh egg of the doubtful one. "No, it doesn't," replied the latter; "When I get a little older I'm going on the stage."

BLIMBERS : "I didnt sleeivery well last night." Lambert : "What was the matter? Indigestion?" Blimbers ; No; my wife was catching up in her correspondence, and every time she wanted to show off by writing a word of more than one syllable, she had to wake me up and find out how to apell it."

APPORTIONING THE BLAME.-"l'm afraid this town doesn't care for Shakespeare," said the actor. "Don't you make that mistake," answered the spokesman of the irate deputation at the st-.ge door. "Shakespeare is all right as far as we know. You're the fellow we're after."

THE ONLY SOLUTION.—Mr 9. Isolate (of Lonely. yule, at six a.m., elatedly): "Ferdinand, our nsw g:ri is up and moving about the kitchen 1" Mr. Isolate (warningly): "Hush, Amabel 1 We must not startle her. She i 3 certainly a somnambulist, and is walking in her sleep." WANTED HER MONEY'S Worn—She arose, smiling, from the dentist's chair. "How much do I owe you?" she asked. "A guinea," was the reply. "Arc you sure that's right?" she inquired suspiciously. " Quite sure." " Well, it seems a good deal. The time I was here before you only charged me half.a.guinea and you hurt me ever so much more than you did this time." "SPEAKING of applying the artistic to ordinary duties," said the ablest liar in the club, "reminds me of my unmarried aunt, Ophelial with whom I lived when I was a youngster. idhe used some- times to do such a fine job of making the beds that she would make us kids sleep on the floor because she hadn't the heart to see her work spoilt." _ _

A KIND-HEARTED lady read in the papers that a little boy had been run over and seriously injured while endeavouring to rescue a cat which had flown into the roadway. The lady straightway, sent a plump cheque inclosed. in a note complimenting the bravery of the youthful hero, directed to him the hospital where he was being patched up. B. return of post she received an acknowledgment from the matron, who thoughtfully added that perhaps the lady was not aware that the cat nu:tied by the good little boy was a tip•cat !

o#llTlON.—Hoss TO TFEIT THR PURITY OF C 00069.—1 lees ed with alkali and chemicals, such cocoas will have a medicinal scent when t, e tin is opened, and it will to a darker colour when in liquor. CADBURy.B Cocoa has no addition of any kind, ad is guaranteed übsolidely pure Advt. (5).

TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climates ; it is light, clean. cci. carotortable, and durable; can be worn wbast bathing. WHITH & WRIGHT surgical Inc rnment Maker's. 93, Rensbaw-streey, oppome Top of Bold-street, Llverpool.—Advto •

===== 0002601_19020321_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The first 'Court of the new reign, which was he'd in the splendid ball room at 'Buckingham Palace, piesented la striking contrast to the afternoon Drawing rooms of her late Majesty. Men instead of women, seemed to be the more numerous, and the gorgeousness of the. 'uniforms and of the Ambassadors' dress quite outshone that of the fair sea. The Court lasted from about half- past ten to midnight, thus reverting to the custom of George Hin respect of time. Supper was served, and there was no crushing, and needless to say there was no 'card playing, such as beorge H used to resort to in the midst of his guests when he became bored with a Royal 'Court.

Boon after Queen Victoria came to the Threne,lser late Majesty made known her desire that all ladies attmding the Drawing Rome should appear in dresses , of home manufacture, and a similar announcement was ' also made by Queen Adelaide, Consott of William • IV. It is true that no such notice was issued with regard to I the first Court of the new reign, but the Queen's desire ' for the patriotic support of home industriee is so well knower, that it was surprising be see so many toilettes, worn at Buckingbem Palace, described as coating from Paris. The Queen and Princess of Wales both appeared ! in dresses of British make and material, tut the wife of ; at least one prominent member of the Geverrment wore a gown from Paris, and many other women belonging. to really aristocratic Society seem to have been equally 1 as ready to go to the foreigner to enhance their charms. I Miss Alice Roosevelt, the daughter of the United I States President, must be disappointed that she is not to be allowed to come over to attend the Coronation of , King Edward and Queen Alexandra. Though the young lady occupies a very distinguished position in the ' " greatest Republic on earth " there is no one more , royalist, or more fascinated by a title than the average , American girl. Our own peerage affsrds many illustra- tions of the fact that she does not regard a title as an encumbrance, and such is the rivalry for attention from • Royal or titled people that Prince Henry it seems, has created a life-long animosity between several die- tioguiebed hostesses in America, -just beeause h,, mid' a , few more words to cne than another. Bad MIAS Roose- velt been coming over, it was believed that the Emperor , and Emprees of Germany would have invited her to Perlin. and the President evidently thought that an many Royal favours might provoke Espub ican eriticirm, so the t both upon there and on personal grounds, he is I understood to object to his daughter's visit to this country. The Duke of Cambridge, also celebrates his eighty- third birthday on the 26th iest., was one of the two , principal supporters of Queen Alexandra, at her marriage . on the 10th March. 1863. The other was her father,then niece Christian of Denmark, and the Queen has been singularly fortunate in her wedding associations. as of her eight bridestneds all are still living. The Ring and ' Queen have non entered upon the fortieth year of their married life, and it is probable that next year's anni- versary will be made the occasion for A grand public celebration. The fortieth anniversary is sometimes ; called the woollen wedding, the forty-fifth being the silken wedding, and, as everyone knows, the fiftieth • anniversary is the golden wedding. The German Emperor was present, as a little boy of four, at the wedding of King Edward and Queen Alexandra, and an arousing incident is told about him , in the life ef Bishop Wilberforce. The little Prince ! William of Prussia was scarcely old enough to under- , stand, and ho was therefore placed between his two urcles, the Duke of Connaught, and the late Doke oft Albany, who were then only young boys of ten teepee- tively, but they had to keep their little nephew quiet. All three werytireseed in Highland costume, and after • the ceremony, the Crown Princess—the late Empress Frederick—told the Bleb opthat whenever Prince William was corrected he bit his uncles on their bare legs, and they of course could do nothieg but put up with it. The sale of Irish manufactures which waa opened at Lord Salisbury's house in Arlington-strret on St. Patrick's Day,att rac ted a very large number of visitors The Prince and Princess of Wales were present and many leading women in Society presided over various . stalls. Some beautiful specimens of work were on view and though no doubt many people went more with the , object of seeing the Premier's house than of buying goods, yet the sales were more than up to the average. I Lord Balisbury gave up the whole of his blouse for the I sale, thou affording an almost unique opportunity for 1 viewing the manaion. Not many people. are acquainted I with even the outside of the Premier's residence, as , Arlington-street being a cud-de-sae, the house is situated in a very quiet and unfrequented spot. re.To the artistic, it is a matter for regret that the plain clearly-fitting sleeve is no longer on Dame Fashion's list of possibilities, for the outline of the arm whets it is en- cased in such a sleeve is in proportion with the rest of the body, and is often full of beauty. Very elaborate is the ele-ve of the moment, and • very unbecoming. Gathered elcse to the top of the arm, it develops about three inches below into an enormous puff. This is caught op a litt Is below the elbow, and gathered into a , deep cuff. The process of packing such a sleeve into a coat sleeve, is a difficult one, and generally has a ditt-' I ast,eu4 ending—for the former. But this:is not the worst 'I be huge leg-of-mutton sleeve, so say authorities on the ' subject, will return eri summer is far advanced 1 Intending purchasere of remnants should bear this prophecy in mind. Excessively fussy in style are the new fancy boas or ruffles, and the fabric most in favour for thorn is silk muslin. Though cal:ed boas and ruffles, these names are no longer appropriate, the title " " would mere 'nearly describe them. The pleatiega;see wider and looser than was the case last year and the edges are fringed with feathers. ruchiegs, or flower petals. White, edged with black is the favourite scheme of Gni moment. 1

The " Times "In reprinting extracts from its issues a hundred years ago,remincle us that the original idea of a picnic was that each guest should bring some or other dish OP nicety for the general table. The idea might be revived now that Society folks have taken to making sweets and fondants, and all kinds of delicacies %chick are produced at afternoon tea. Formerly, the "Times" informs us, a bill of fare, was drawn up, and the sub- , scribers to a pie nic supper drew lots. According tr the result, each had to bring a particular dish or dainty ' ard as all would endeavour to excel in their particular contributions, the result would generally be gratifying from an epicurean point of view, though no doubt, these affairs often gave rise te a good deal of i;eniai baster. I " From Deal to South Africa," by Helen C Black (r. V White and Co., Limited, 6s) is a very fascinst'm 1 volume of short tories: The fiPst an account erf the authnt'd visits to Deal.l teems with interest, simp though it is, then conic" The Autobiography of r Horse "—which is delightful. "A Shetland Industry." "The Autobiography of a Deg," "On Learning t Swim," " The Howe Beautiful," " A Wiltshire In- dustry'," and finally " Two Women's Tramp in South Africa," the latter containing same thrilling incidents.. and hair-breadth escapes. Altogether From Deal t, south Africa "is a bock that shculd not be missed.

MADGE.

EVIDINCE AT YOUR DOOR.—lbere is conclusiv, evidence in every part of Lancashire that Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people are recommended by all classes of people for the way in which they have cure( paralys s, locamoter ataxy, rheumatism and sciatica. also all diseases arising from impoverishment of tli• blood. scrofula, rickEts, chronic erysipelas, consumptioi of the bowels and lunge, anaemia. pale and sallow com- plexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite palpitationr, pains in the back, nervous headache, an seuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgativ, They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. William' Pink Pills for Pala Pecip'e, and are sold by chemists ane be Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Dolborr Viaduct, London, E C., at 2s. 9d. a box or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Pink pills sold loose or from glass jars are net Dr. Williams pink pills ; accept them only ii the rink closed wrapper as above described. In anoth, r column the emphatic statement of an Atherton girl is printed in detail.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD V ECLE9. Played at Latchfcrd in glorious weather, end on a fast ground. Two 40's were arranged, and the home team winning the toes, decided to play with the wind. Throughout the initial half the home team had the best of the game, Cliff@ scoring on three occasions. Th. second balt was more even, and play ranged from end to end, each team adding one goal, and so a fast and exceedingly pleasant game resulted in a win foriLatch- ord by four goals to on. The home half backs played f sound game, and Wilkinson in goal cleared welt, or several occasions. The goals were scored by Cliffe (3 and Albinaon (1). STOCKTON EIRATH V. KRHSAL.

The Stockton Eleatb team was cnly weakly rrpresentee at Korea, on Saturday. tut a fine performance WA accomplished, the visitors wlnting by 4 goals to nil. At half-ttme there was no score.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
- 7 • . .... , . -- 7.• / %

ARCM STOCK OF MANDOLIEBS. BANJONS 1...1 GUITARS, VIOLINS, &C, Special Offet.—Guaranteer MALIAN MANDOLINE. MAKER'S ITAMB itunde, Rcs. 'nod. ornamerp.d 10s. 6d. Carriage paid. Best er city Mi UTH ORGAN, Velvet lined Case Is. pas, frt. ARCHER AND SONS, ST, .JEORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD-ETLZEBT. RVOOL.. Established Iseitt

===== 0002601_19020321_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
ltiE EX k NIINER, FitII)Y MANCH 21 1902 [Au. Rums Itzersuro.] THE BARON'S CHOICE,

ASICE ISAACSON (dutlerr " After Ten Years," 4.e.)

Cuspna

In sumerier time Sch!os3 Medemburg was the ideal of a sylvan retreat, tanding as it did on rising ground on the verge of the cool graen forest , the square massive gray stone building, lookir.;:.• ir.,,se like a feudal fortress than on modern nineteenth evutury dwelling'. was Covered then by a wealth of Creepers that served -to lightou its sombre tint ; the climbing roses and honeympkle, the purple clematis and vir- ginia creeper. etfißt in its turn stied a gloviof rich colouring around ; but when winter had set its icy seal upon the flowers, and the last withered leaf had been torn from its parent stem by the eddying gusts of wind, then the old Schloss stood out grim and. bare, ugly indeed from an architectiral point of view, but with a solid strength that gave promise of comfort and warmth within its walls, Ind of a shelter safe and sure from storms and tempests' licwever fiercely they might rage. Ther icas ro trace of tempest or storm, however., and the genii of the Winds were fast bound in their mystic cavern beneath the hills when the sun shone down one morning early in January upon au ani- mated scene. The great iron gates that opened on to the quadrangle iu front of the Schloss had been thrown back, and the wide space within waeocrowded with sledges of every shape and size and style of build ; in the clear bright frosty.air every sound was accenthated ; the stamping of the horse's hoofs upon the hardiearth, the champing of their bits, the jang- ling of the harnesa bells as the restive animals tossed their heads and pawed the ground impatient for the start ; while on and around the bread flight of steps that led into the entrance-hall was scattered a brilli- ant group of guests waiting for their host to give the signal for dep.: tare. Merry jests and gay sallies and peals of haughtier were echoed back from the old gray weather-stained walls, light rings of smoke curled upwards here and there from the inevitable pipes and cigars with which each man was pro- vided. The two stone griffins, the heraldic badge of the von Medems, that flanked the carved balus- trade on either side seemed to look down with stern disapproval upon the frivolous mortals beneath them: some wag of the party had climbed up their pedestals and, gathering? the snow together, had moulded it on their heads into the rude semblance of a Pierrot'e cap, which gave . such a ludicrous air wf neck gravity and fantastic weirdness to the grim faces of the mythic beasts that the light-hearted mirth redoubled. Minna von Tiircke was standing at a little distance looking superbly handsome in a rich costume of dark green velvet trimmed with sable; the keen frosty air, 90 unbecoming to most delicate complexions, served only to deepen the glow on her rounded cheeks and to add new lustre to her dark flashing eyes; intense vitality was expressed in every movement of her tall graceful figure, and her clear voice rang out the gayest of the gay as she kept the ball of light badinage and witty repartee rolling with the men who clustered admiringly around her. From time to time, however, she glanced towards her cousin who was leaning against one of the stone pillars of the heavy portico, and something in the young baron's attitude, in his nonchalant indifference, seemed to annoy her; her straight black brows con- tracted in'to a slight frown and suddenly/turning away from her companions she moved to the foot of the steps. " Why do we not start, Conrad; what are you waiting for ?" The young man, who was looking towards the in- terior of the hall, turned at the sound of her voice, removing the cigar from his mouth as he answered: "We are waiting for Fraulein Lorentz whom my mother detains for a moment."

"For Friiulein Lorentz—but surely all your guests need, not be delayed on her account ?—can she not follow with her escort ? by the way who is he, Conrad? All the couples seem to be arranged,—of cdurse Countess 'Falkenstein goes with you ?" • Minna looked as she spoke towards a little blonde lady enveloped from head to foot in a seal-skin mantle who was talking with animated gestures to a broad-shouldered, red-haired man, not fur from them. The Baron did not immediately reply; it seemed to Minna that a provoking smile hovered on his lips and his silence irritated her strangely. "Wio is to drive Friiulein Elsa, Conrad ?" she repeated in a lower _tone. She had been looking down, but now the long black lashes were slowly raised and her eyes rivetted on his; she had mounted the broad stens and the cousins were standing so close together ilat their cauversation was unheard by the ethers.

“ I be eve I am to ,have that 'honour, Iffinna;” said Conrad von Iffedem, rousing himself at last and looking tlt her with the light of laughter in his eyes; "What else did you expect P.—if you remember you told me you intended to accept the Count Hoch- stadt's escort for yourself, and Fritz von Derandorf would not thank me for offering to drive the Count. ess ; but you are right; our friends must not be kept waiting any longer; Von Dere.ndorf knows the road to the Brunnen-See as well as I do; he shall lead the way, and Frauleir Elsa and I can join you later at the rendez-rovs."

Withoutsgain looking at her he sauntered clown the steps towards the young iran4;vho was talking I with the lath- in the seal-skin mantle. Minna raised her muff to her face and held it there for a moment it might have been an instinctivemovement to guard against the •colvl, but. no one saw, how betind that I screen her little white teeth were set with savage • fierceness in the fall red lower lip, and no one noticed the baleful gleam that trashed for an instant • from her black eves, a gleam of hatred not of love. of hatred so vivid, so iatense that beneath its burning t light the beautiful features seemed changed and moulded into a hideous mask. Itpassed like a light- ning flash, however; and As a tall man in spectacles ' with grizzled hair and moustache, whose erect figure and soldierly bearing made him look younger than he really was, advanced cap in hand towards her, ; Minna von 'Eureka met him with a smile a trifle ; forced perhap upon her lips, her cheeks a shade ; paler than usual, but to an ordinary observer out- wardly calm and unmoved.

" The Baron gives the si gracious Fraulein, may • guar for our start, have the honour r '—ho bowed as he 'spoke, and -offering his arm with a stately old-fashioned courtesy led her to the nearest sledge. Lifting a heavy ,fur-trimmed cloak from the seat. Ike wrapped it round her shoulders, saying as he did so, "Von Meciem will follow us it appears, instead of leading the way.'? Minna turned and slightly raising her head tint het might fasten the silvev cloak-clasp at her throat, an- swered careletiely "My cousin had promised to take; charge of a young girl, a sort of protegee !If my aunt's, and for some reason or other the Baroness has sent for her just al tbc '..<11 moment • as I told Conrad, it was a!isurd to aut.:, the girl could have followed with anyone ese, • but 'you know, 'Count, how obstinqte Ie i 3, it is always hopeless to try turd persuade bitr. khing when his mind A once Wad! up."

Minni.sie in a tone of apparent inclifferenee. but even if he heard the explanation, Count Hoch- stadt did not heed ; the lovely upturned face so perilously near his own, the tench .of his finrers on the full white throat as he drew the far around her and fastened the silver clasp beneath her chin, a sudden thrill through the old Soldier's 'frame isa spite of hislifty years this woman's beauty had tult‘4,' power over him that he who unmoved }rut fneed, danger and death on a hundred battlefields fclt his pulses throb, and trembled like a child-beneath its spell. How could he guess that the lauguorona light in her dark eyes, the colony that glowed 'So richly upon her cheeks, the quick, soft breath that came from the red half-parted lips were no for him? They were,but the outward reflection of en inward passion burning and brooding deep down within her, that even while it scorched and con,umed idded a strange fascination to her charms. - " My queen, my love !" he exclaimed in low fer- vid tones, bending more closely over her. "You remember your promise, do you not? It is to-day, to- day that you give me the answer I have waited for , so long. May I—dare I hope ?" Recalled to herself as by a sudden shock, Minna for one instant looced back into his fate, her eyes held by the ardent gaze of love and admiration that flashed from his; then a shudder passed over liar, et 4 she turned away; around them was the Lustle of de- parture ; several of the 'sledges had already driven out of the qu.sdrahgle ; the cracking of whips and jangling of bells; the shouts of the grooms ILS they let ga the horses' heads, the loud voices of the men, the laughter of the women, how strangely in- congruous it sounded to her ears, how curiously at variance with her thoughts and feelings ! The Baron, smiling and insouciant as ever, was standing near the entrance-gates giving some parting directions to the occupants of one of the sledges as it drove past him ; at that moment it seemed as though an icy hand were 1 iad upon her heart, and a feeling of faintness threatened to overpower her, but she felt rather than saw that her companion's eyes were still seeking hers to read his answer there, and with a ecavulsive effort she regained her wonted self-contrei.. "Yes, yes, I have forgotten nothing," she re. plied hurriedly, "I will give you your answer to- day, but not here—not now—ask me nothing morA Iciatil we Are drivii3g_honie thia. evening.,:*

The catni impaidve t'rriuleiti von rarcke was, strangelv agitated, and Count Hochstadt, interpreting this emotion to his own advantage, silently ac- quiesced; he placed her hi the sledge without au-, other word, carefully virapped her rip, gathered the reins, aTid as his servant stood back from ths horses' heads they sprang forwardeto overtake the others who were rapidly disappearing into the forest.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CIT.APTER IV.

More than two months base elapsed since we first saw Minna and her cousin riding past the old par- sonage garden on that pleasant day in the early aut- umn. In vain Frau von Tiircke protested against the creel fate that condemned her to shiver through the bitter November days at Schloss Medemburg instead of hurrying away- to her luxurious villa on the sunny banks of the Arno; the poor woman had long since realised that her daughter's will was law, and when Minna calmly announced that their visit would be prolonged, she knew that from such a decision there pould be no appeal. If only the dearest wish of her peart—the union of the cousins—had been gratified by this sacrifice then, indeed, she would have fait some compensation, but there was nothing lover- like in Conrad's brotherly attentions- and even those Minna treated sometimes With cold indifference, sometimes with capricious disdairt. At the parson- age, when she chose to call there, she was received with mingled feelings characteristics of its inmates; the old pastor, absorbed in his books, heedless of petty social distinctions, regarded the stately young city beauty with much the 'same kindly paternal in- terest he would have shown towards Gertrud llillern and Frieda Schmidt; the good Fran Pastor, be- wildered and flurried at so unexpected an honour, trusted that " the gniidiges Friiulein " would pardim the poverty of their humble home, and inwardly hoped that the thread-bare carpet and shabby furni- ture might pass unobserved. As for Elsa, forgetful of self, she gazed in silence at the proud, beautiful features of their visitor and thought with a sudden sharp pain she could not analyse, still less under- stand, that it was no wonder if Baron Conrad loved is cousin, and were loved by her in, return. As time passed on Fraulein von Tfircke diet not rest content with a casual acquaintance but seemed bent upon establishing an intimacy between herself and the pastor's daughter, and the two girls, so strangely dissimilar, not only in social position but in every feature of mind and person, had become fre- quent companions. Not the least of Elsa's natural gifts was her lovely voice, a pure high soprano, sweet as the liquid notes of a nightingale, clear as a silver bell; it had been a lab Our of love with Friiu- loin Alpes to cultivate this voice, and under her careful guidance it had been trained and perfected, and made an instrument of pleasure to all who heard her sing. But never before had it been in such re- quisition as now ; Minna declared that no voice she had ever heard harmonised so well with her own full rich contralto as Elsa's bird-like notes; and in the long dreary November days when the monotonous rain fell in torrents and the gray rniAs rising up from the valley blotted out the distant landscape, the weather would be forgotten while Fraulein Agnes presided at the piano, and stately ohorales or lively operatic airs, the love-songs of Mozart and the sweet melodies of Iterdslssolin wiled the hours sway. _ _ _

Through all this close intereourse, havever. Elsa Lorentz experienced at times a elisions feeling of re- straint between herself and Frei:dein Minim; there were moments when, looking up suddenly, she had found the black eyes of the latter Axed urn her with a gaze as of slow smouldering fire in tbsir storm(deeths, a gaze that filled her with e la!ent sense of dread, and recalled with a shudder that day whop' she stood in the parsonage garden and watchell the eiders pass. It was especially when Baron,Coe - rad joined the circle that Elsa was most conscious of this sensation of terror and unrest; then, with the -w ay ward capriciousnessthat characterised her actions, Minna would fling down her music, declare that she was tired, and insist upon her cousin singing in her stead, and would sit apart, and watch in brooding silence for some sign that should convince her that the love she craved for with all the strength of her passion- ate nature had been given to another than herself. But these doubte that haunted her were, baffled by Elsa's child-like innocence, and by the restraint which that very innocence and maidenly dignity im- posed upon Baron von Medem himself. Elsa be 7 lieved that Minna was the Baron's chosen bride, and so the three, whose lives were for the time so closely interwoven, were yet in thought as widely separ- ated as though they had been strangers to each other, and the fateful game of cross-purposes in which unwittingly each had 9 part, was pldyed on blindly until it reached a hitter end. . As the old year drew towards it; close, for the first time or many years the Schloss was filled with .geests, the old walls echoed with gaiety end mirth, and even Frau von 'Pumice's querulous complaints were lessened as she saw •eroutid some of the familiar laces she had never ceased to miss, and heard fresh items of news from the outside -world, to live apart from which had seemed to her perpetual exile. Among the other visitors CAllle that Count Hochstadt whose Arne we have already heaid as a suitor for Minna von Tdreke's hand: he was a man of noble lamily and of larkse fortune, one whose lofty position and unblemishee. character plie.:ed him high in the favour of his Sovereign ; at first sight there would have appeared to be little in common between the grave, middle-aged soldier and the beautiful, faseinatine- 'woman in die zenith of her youth, hut who can explain or understand the spell Love weaves around his victims.? Count Hochstadt was not the first, as he will not be he last, to be deceived by a woman's wiles, and so long as the world endures, no man will ever be deterred by nother's folly front straying into the same fool's paradise himself. Minna von Tiireke was ambitious, but it waseui mere ambition or mercenary motive that swayed her actions at this juncture ; never 'before hi her whole iife had she known what it was to have her will ~hwarted,stlierefore never before had she so' ardent- ly longed for what was denied to her as now. 'That she should have betomwed her love where it WIS un- sought and undesired, was in itself a bitter evenilia- firm, but when, as time passed on, Conrad remained still indifferent, nay rather, as she suspected, loved elsewhere, there was a sudden revulsion, and pride came to her aid , he should learn how other men prized as a royal Oft the favour that was valueless to him, and by their ardour should be taught to covet what he had hitherto despised. It was thus then that matters stood on that January morning when Count Hochstadt put his fortune once more to the test, and something in the expree- eion of his face warned Minna that idle could no longer trifle with this man who pleaded for his an- swer in such impassioned tones, and that whether for happiness or misery before the day was over her fate must be decided.

The rendez roi-t-s-ti-gi:eed upon was a small lake lying high up in tie very heart of the 'forest, some two hours' drive from Schloss Alletlemburg • it was a spot so weird and isolated in its surroundings, so far apart from the. haunts er. civilisation, that it was not styprising the Maintain-See WaS believed by the ig- norant and superstitious pea.:antry to be haunted, and.that many a wild and fanciful legend had been woven of the water,soirita Who mqde .their home within its dep,tbs. The name was derived from an old local tradition that at one end of the lake, deep &own below its 'lnflate, a sulphor spring issued from the hillside enly .to lose itaelf again by a subterranean autlet. At certain seaseas a curious phenomenon is observable in the Brannen-See: on all sides but one the forest. cover:al hills slope steeply down to the scostee's edge, but if the traveller should chance to be: standing on that one • narrow margin of shingly beach open a still summer's day, when not a breath of air stirs the motionless leaves, and when the calm surface of the lake lies smooth as a mirror :at glass reflectlng every white cloudlet floating lazily in the blue sky overhead, and every green tree bend- ing dewu to its twin duplicate below, he will be startled all at once'hy r sudden ripple. rising at the far end and spreading over the surface of the water, coming nearer and nearer and gaining in strength until it breaks at length in it tiny wavelet upon the pebbles at his feet; this is repeated at irregular inter- vals, the ripples not alw.iy.esettingin the same direc- HOP, hut thsvayS 'ionbrieue,ng Irom the same point at the further end' of the Take. '

The traveller's thoughts may lie will turn involun- tarily to that old story of a sacred pool where "art angel w-nt down at a certain season aud troubled the Mater' giving it. a healing power from his touch, bui: his peasant guide will cross hhnself with a shudder, and whisper, below his breath, that there' is no tatgel here, but that the " nixies " are angry with the venturesome mortal who has dared to in- vade their solitude, and are hurrying up from the Devil's Spring on the crest of the little waves, to try and frighten him away. 'A Tess romantic explanation may, or may not, be found in the eiistenee of the aforesaid spring which rises with intermittent power from its subterranean source.

When only one sledge remained of all that had crowd. ad the quadrangle, and the sound of jinglimy; bells grew fainter and fainter in the distance, Conrad von Medem returned to his former position under the portico at the head of the broad flight of steps ; scarcely three minutes elapsed before hurried foot- steps were heard traversing the inner hall ; von Modem turned at the sound, and throwing away his cigar advanced to greet the new-comer. "At last, Friiulein Lorentz, have yon no remorse for keeping me in suspense so long ?" There was a smile upon his lips, a dancing light ia eyes as tbeLs_ere ttentazcsa her.

-"lliNuspense, Baron von Ildeaem, ind,eed it is net my fault, but—why, where are the others ?" The sudden silence, the emptiness in the great quadrangle were startling, and site looked up in her companion's face as she spoke with a mystified ex. pression on her own. "The Baroness wished me to explain a new stitch in her embroidery, that is xhy I have been delayed, but she said the horn would be sOunded three times as the signal for our start and that; until we heard it, there Was no need for haste.' Conrad returned her anxious look with one in which there seemed to be some secret spring of amusement and delight. 'The slender figure before him was set off to advantage by 9, simple costume of gray cloth trimmed with beaver; from beneath her little fur cap the fair hair lay upon.her forehead like a cloud of feathery gold, and the delicate rose-tint of her complexion was deepened now by the wave of colour that flowed to her cheeks as her blue eyes fell beneatb_his admiring gaze. . _

"Ali, the born, of course, that part'of our pro- gramme bast been omitted to be sure, but y,,u see. Friiulein, I nag in a dilemma; not for worlds would I have had my mother disturbed, but on the oilier hand I could leep our friends waiting no longer. so they have driven on irr advance, and you end I are to follow."

He would have taken her hand to lead her to the sledge that was waiting t the foot of the steps, but Elsa drew back with a gesture of dismay: in spite of the strange glad feeling that rose within her heart at him, words she was bewildered and perplexed. " But, Baron vo= Medem, it was not right to alter any plans forme. Fraulein Minua said yon were to drive the Countess Falkenstein."

Ah, my cousin was mistaken theu—sMinna is to, apt sometimes to arrange other people's affairs 'lor them. Why, Elsa," he added in a lower tone, Lt.:. he saw the look of real distress upon heifitee, surely xou are not angry with me; can you not understand that this is what I intended all along!'" He took her hand in his without walking ior a re- % ply, and Elsa, yielding to the stroug grasp, allowed him to wrap her in.the bear-skin robes min to place her in the sledge. The spirited horses wire chafed and rv•etted the long delay, and for the first few moments it needed s all the skill of their niaster's firm touch opuncthe reins to restrain .their impetuous course Duringi, those moments, however, Elsa had time to regain her self-control and mentally chide herself for her folly ; what could she be thinking of to suppose for a.singlo instant that the baron regarded her with any special interest it was only his Tatal kindness of heart and condescension ; he knew mlle would ije a stranger and alone in that; gay throm4, and it was like him to take her under his own charge : this conclusion was a somewhat chilling one:, there was no joyful heart-throb now as there had k•-tien a min- ute or two before when sup met his ardent look, but still she must be right, there could be no eloser link ,possible between the noble Barot; von 3ledem and Elsa Lorentz, the village pastor's child !

CHAFTEE V.

They had now entered the.ferest. and were driving rapidly along the road that ascended . soineWhat steeply from the Schloss ; all ar.mud waa silence save for the musical sound of the harness-bells ; the crisp powdery snow caught lip by the horses' hoofs from the frozen surface of the .g-ron lid fell again in sparkling showers ; the tall bare pine trace stalldrag in serried ranks like the stately pillar.; of some vast cathedral stretched out their leadess I..ranclies over- head, each one swathed in iti; Avintry garb : here and there upon the naked sterns shone gleams and patches of colour, curious lichens, orange and ruby and hronze, those strange' parasites upon the ferest growth. Every no*. and than there Was a cracking rending sound as some dry sapless bough gave way beneath the weight of driftecl,snow, and fell, bearing along with it a mimic avalanche that lenrst and scat- tered as it reached the ground ,on the bushes un- derneath, and on the stunted brush wood, tbe hoar- frost had drawn its lace-like • tracery, while the -withered fronds of last year'.4 feins gaed fresh beauty from its touch, and ;1A :stencil like silver feathers tipped with crystal drops in the suns:hafts that shot through' the forest shades. .11; wass all so strange, so dazzling, so fairy-like iu irs beniity, that Elsa could not restrain an exelainati.w or wdrider and delight. . . .

Conrad von Medem turned et Ole ~00nd of her voice ; he-too had been thinking during those mom- ents of silence, thinking more deeply thsn was usual with his careless easy-goieg ualure ; out of the close intercourse of the past few wean there had arisen a conviction that seented to Jilin strange and yet most natural, that for him them could be but one woman in all the world, and tliat Wowirn was ~71sa Lorentz ; his love for the 'beautiful girl:no had known from a child,. had grown f.,0 grad urilny perceptibly that but for 111:imia ,vot. 'Uurel.e's jcalonsy and scarcely veiled dislike. lie inighl; have kemained blindeil to the truth a little ithiger. Bat even when sure of his own feelings the fidroii was not; a lean to act upon impulse, all Ids liftt li.iierio had been happy and prosperous and be believed !tat his good hick would not fail himnomv ; lie was in no haste to terminate a sitentkou vex tamer. tainty was possessert of a secret, mu, It was enough for him to watch the colour deepen ,n Elstes cheeks when he spoke to he, to see ner blue eyes droop and falter beneath his own, nati tQ inel that he held the magician's wood at whose »lig-West touch the love of which she was sill uncooscious would spring into sudden lite ; the waritifid princess 3f the Old fairy tales the heal i.'o; the young girl seemed asleep, but waijog ooly. for the.kiss of tllib fairy-prince to awake and frce her.t'emvi ills enchant- ed spell. "How beautiful it is :"• exclairnol 111,7, only look, Baron von Meddenv, ;It the ;vy mum.iu•;. around that old tree-trunlr, the . leave-3 •111 i t‘.• I; ,:e- irosteil silver!" ' •

The face she tamed I o ;i:ot was tiu.,,,f`(..r heir rapid motion thimigit .ot 011 f; eyes shone like stars,' but Qom.: was no shadow Of solf. consciousness in the;r clear ilpths a,,,,u maLuer was joyous and. unconstrainei as eve,'. " Yes, it is very beautiful." he reptit<l, hut have you never been so far into the forevi. (3,1.1 v. otter's day?'

iklever so far I:i, s ryoati a walk fr.en the village, you know; and o.ever in alliay- tire to the Briinnen-See, and that is where we are to skate to- day, is it not l''? , ' • " Yes, if the witer-spirits nill lei, us.— lie an- swered with a laugh, "but old Ulric, the romstri., wbo lives there, Was terribly upset when he hoard of our plan, and croaked out endless warnings as to what might happen if we prsisted in so wild a scheme.'! "But why -1) I do, .unt understara,, 13aron yen Aiodem. Is there any- special. danger in slwting' on this lake ? Surely after all ir.lieseweelo, of frost the ice must bean!''

_ . He drew the fur, sledge-robes closer around her With his left liand; lingering oyer the aotioit with a light caressing toneh, as though her comfort were hi only care, before replying. Oh, yes, the ice will bear ,fas enougU' i it not I that, but have you heard tha; :he llteimen- ' See is haunted? Why, not a peasant will pass near I the spot at nightfall if he can .tvold ti, rod so far as I I know not a human iteinc• lus ever • skated over it before. It is my cousin Plairely j we came upon the lake JllO OV 0111 erst weeks ago, and she declared then it weld° ta n -perfect I skating-ground • knouviug clue 001». i c twe udices : about the place I rather bop.sil si.. woe corget all about it, anti let the !natio:: dr, p, ii, fortunate- • ly old 'Ulrio's opposit?oo her in her whim, and he did until we had ar- ranged this party tor t0...1ay. " Will you tell me wi..it the se p-,rsttion is r' Said Elsa, "I never beard of it till now."- ' About the ,ivater-spir.i,s, do you mean? Well, it is something like the old tale of ['lncline. There is one evening in every year, it seems, when the " nixies " leave their watery.home,,aticlOnne ashore• to dance the Whole night thrciugh until the day be- gins to dawn. upon the gretnsward beneath the for- est trees. Once .upon a time it chanced that a poor fisherman disturbed their revels; and they would have dragged him away and drowned him in the , lake, had not one of the most beautiful of the -eater rtymphs contrived to save his life. Out of gratitude , he took her home to he his, wife, but he never really lased her, and after a time he wearied of the strange being whose elfish wayshe could not understand, and fell in love with a fair young maiden who dwelt with .her parents in the forest. Soon he begun to chafe against his bonds and longed to be free, and grew more and More moody and, morose, and the poor little water-spirit wept sorrowful tears and up- braided him for his harshness and ingratitude; and. so matters went on until at length one day when they were on the lake together, in a fit of passionate anger, he thrust her over the side of the beat and ' bade her return to her kindred whence she had come, and then—so runs thelegend—a strange thing happenet.;- the like which had been smooth as a mill- pond, became suddenly stormy and rough, a violent 'tempest arose, and while the fisherman was vainly trying to lower his sail,, the boat cakisized, and hi- fore any could hear or answer his cries for help, he sank below the surface and never was seen again. Ever since that day, the peasants believe that the water-spirits have some mysterious power over those who give way to their evil passions, and if any mortal should venture. on the Brunnen-See with hatred or anger in his heart, or with envy and ill- A will towards his fellow-Men, then they can weave their macrie smells aromni , WIIA (1 hilit

ifrorts to escape,—Eom that moment his fate is waled."

As Conrad finished his storrhe leant forward se that he might look into his companion's face: "So you are quite sure you have forgiven me, Elsa, for planning our drive alone ? If not, you see the "dales ' will take my part." There was a note of laughter in his voice, but rasa found it hard to speak calmly and naturally as usual, while those eager blue eyes sought hers with ench.gsistency. at nonsense, Baron von Ifedem," she said at last, "there has been nothing to forgive; I am only grateful to you for your kindness." " Grateful, my he checked himself abruptly, and Elsa went on hurriedly, "After all I am almost sorry we are going to skate upon the Brunnen-See ; of course no one believes those old legends, but there is something so eerie and wild in the depths of the forest, it does not seem impossible to imagine there may be strange creatures dwelling there whom we gannet see, but whose haunts we mar disturb." "And you think with old 1171ric they will puniaAr as for our boldness ?" said Conrad, laughing, well I am at peace with all the world, and you, little Elsa, carry sunshine wherever you go, so never fear, for to-day at least--whatever the future may bring —together we two can defy the spirits of the Brun- nen-See." ,

His joyous liiugh rang out like a challenge on the ,iro-ty air, but, as he spoke a shiver seemed teas: over the young girl, her cheek grew suddenly " You are not cold he added anxiously, "ot tired F We shall soon be there row."

Elsa shook her head silently. a strange presenti- ment had crossed her happy mood, some shadowy foreboding as of evil close at hand, which for the moment held her spell-bound with such a numbing sense of horror, that even his words and the look of tender solicitude that accompanied them were power- less to dispel. But just then the sound of voices broke the stillness that had reigAed around, the horses shook their heads in quick restonse, until every tiny bell upon the harness rang out a separate chime. Dashing forward, they rapidly turned a bend in the road, and before Elsa had recovered her- self sufficiently to speak, the sledge reached a wide clearing in the forest, on one side of which stood a long low house substantially built, partly of un- dressed stones, and partly of time-blackened logs,; while on the other, through the tall bare trunks of the pine-trees, gleamed the frozen surface ef the haw

(2b be Continued.)

===== 0002601_19020321_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ATHERTON STORY.

One Year oi" it Mill Girl's Life.

Visitors t. any towit in Ltneashire where the cotton industry is carried on will inevitably meet with many young girls who pass a great part of their lives within the huge cotton trills &Web distingnieb this part of the country. }l6 will not only be struck with their pecu- liar ;attire, their clogs, and the shawl 3 round their heads, but with their pale face, which only te3 bluely betoken the nature of weir occupatiou. The heated atmosphere of a cotton Mill reflects workers subject to colds and sometimes ,to other dismays, of which &uremia is one. GUIs are too often sent to these mills at ages when they would be better at school, with lots of play time And plenty of skipping rope exercise, but the exigencies of the working classes too' f cot demand that their children shall, as soon as possib , earn a few shillings per week to help to keep the fa fly pot boiling, and so they are sent to the cotton mills.

Atherton, in Lmoashire, ix one of the towns where cotton is manufactured. It hi also a cost awing centre and the home of many colliers.

A typical leincashire working class home is that Mr.iKay,at No. 10I,Bolton Old-road. Mr. Kay is a nsit4. He bas two stalwart Pons im the Army. One is in the Guards. Both are it the fron.. His daughter, Annie, a good-looking girl of seventeen, although she would pass for several years older, works in the carding-room ot the Atherton Co-eperative Spianing Company's mill. Their family hiatory is if singular interret to Lanca- shire readers. A special importance attachts to the stery of the girl, which inducsd a remise to call upon her to hear it from her own lip., the story of what was perhaps an escape From early death, thanks to Dr. Williams' pink pills for pile people. " About twelve month ago," Miss Kay began, "I became very ill. I had terrible pains in the stmach and head,and was very rale and weak. I had to leave my work at the mill and take to le,td. Mc' mother called in a doctor, who prescribed for ins, and I took his medi- cine, but it did me no good? " How long were you ill . "Six weeks. I did net take much of the doctor's medicine. He told me that one of the causes of my ill- ness Was the defective elate cf my teeth, and se I went to the dentist's. After that I did gtt a little better, and retnruedpo my employment in the mill, but it was not long before the old symptoms returned, and I was as bad as ever."

1, Did you.remain at The mill many weeks?"

"'Two-or three months I called in annthar doctor. tie told me I was sufferine from acremil and uiceratiou of the coats of the stomach." "That was serious."

ADAMS

INCANDESCENT BURNERS. ADAMS

INCANDRSOENT BIA.NTLISS.

ADAMS

iNcANDESUENT CHIMNEYS. TUE BEST AND CHEAPEST AT • SO, ST. JAMES' PLACE, OR 14, SMITIILOWNI ROAD, LIVERPOOL. POll %INni:OW GLASS, SILVER PLATE. FOR SHADES- AND STANDS AT

ADAMS 212, NORTH HILL STREET, LIVERPOTh.

--.6,- '!--. ----- -,2f1, ?), ....) ......... , , ...'- N't't -40 .t.., • 'll------ - --,,,)) ~ ), i 4 ----,--:;;;-,- •-•,:-.5. =p p ' i --.-1.--- • c --- 1 ‘ MISS A. KAY.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1:4 • ;4'

===== 0002601_19020321_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUSTRATED.

I. H. NELSON (CAMBRIDGE),

EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

HUNTLEY (OXFORD).

la F. 0. J, , sPArd' - 111.1 ...... \ _ ~..11...!;,..,.....,d ..? / * ._.-........._ ,k \ / i. , ' \ / / ' ' „,•, Odi i 7 ~ 0 ..,.; 4, ~,,';' ~,, •,(.; P .. 7 C ) . 0114 ! --- il __....--- . - •..,....:,- r I 0 1 - '"; - , , ,:' ' ' ~11 1 I --- '1 ' ~ / '1 "'II y / /, - \A

===== 0002601_19020321_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNIVERSITY BOAT RACE: THE RIVAL STROKES.

As usual, the Boat 'nee, as it is always called, as though it were the only one of the whole year, is exciting. plenty of interest this year, and the

training .o-f ithe 'crews has been wawtehed with a

great deal of interest. Now that we are on the eve of the race the usual variations in the favour of first one and then the other are lost sight of in the general anticipation, and the final judgment is that the race will be contested by a very fair pair of crews of almost - equal merit. FO that it should prove a close ,and interesting fight. EN er since the Trial Eights at Oxford and Cambridge last term it has been obvious that the iat•.;ei University had more stuil to draw upon, azai better lot of men from which to form a ere w. .but Oxford, although perilously short of first- class oars, has been able to find just enongli to make a good crew, - though- there is hardly -another one .p there at present. It has ben close work in it way.. but it has largely simplißcd the -question of selection, and their boat was con-. eequently able to settle down and get into trim long before the Light Blues. The latter, however, have shaped better .Tiora the very start, and have been favourites all along, but clurin the last few days their rivals have come on \vial such a spurt that it is now expected that they will make a good fight for it, if not actually ,successful. Mr: F. O. J Huntley (T_TniVersity) last year's bow, is stroking the Dark Blues, and, though he has perhaps made more progress recently than anyone else-in the eight,-he is hardly an ideal stroke. In fact, the death of Mr. Culme-Seymour, last lyeer's stroke, who 'won the-race so wonderfully by pure pluck aid generalship, has been an absolutely irreparable loss, as Oxford had counted upon hit% for at least another two years, and have not been able-to replace him, as at present they have no real 'stroke—a thing that is born, not made up just mow. However, they are lucky' in possessing Mr. Maclagan, who is steering them for the fourth successive year and so ably aided Qulm&Seymottr to victory last year. It is a great point in the battle to have a cox who knows the way of the ThanaeS and the tricks of the Putney-to- Mortlake course, as Mr. Maclagan does, while the Cambridge steersman, Mr. Wasborough,' though well thought of, is new to the inter-Varsity contest. Strangely enough, the Cambridge stroke, Mr. R. H. Nelson, also rowed bow for his TJoniversity, but he, too, has fitted well into his new\ position and rows with much dash and vigour. The rest of the Cambridge crew are as follows; (7) Mr, Edwards Moss, a very fair oar but inclined to be short - (he is a member of the celebrated Oxford 'vowing family and it is a great surprise to all row- ing men to find him at tka rival University) ; (6) Mr. H. B. Grylle, an old blue and one of the best men in the boat; (5) Mr. F. J. Escombe, a promising novice from Trinity Hall; (4) Mr. C. H. Taylor' a - very powerful oar, if not a very elegant one; (3) Mr. .I'. Thomas, who has improved since being shifted from the seven thwart ; (2) Mr. Drysdale, of Jesus. another good novice in first-class rowing; and -Mr. W. H. Chapman at bow, who rowed in the same position in the 1899 crew, since when he has, been serving in South Africa. He is a very hard worker and well thought of. The Oxford crew behind Mralluntley are: (7) Mr. Adams, a credit- able car; !I) Mr. A. de L. Long, an improved and excellent old blue; (5) Mr. J. Milburn, who, with Mr. D. Milburn (2), hail from America, and have learned all their rowing at -Oxford, both most promising oars; (4) Mr. H. J. Hale. the 0.H.8.C. president, who has proved a little disappointing; (a) Mr. J. Younger, another old blue and very neat oar, and Mr. Drinkwater at bow, who rows far more strongly than he appears to. Thus it will be seen that each 'Varsity have four old colours and some promising new men, out of which two very fair crews have been got- together. Both have been admirably coached, and, if there is anything to choose between them, it is in favour of the Light Blues, who have done more uniformly well. The ways of the War Office are devious, and to the layman it is difficult to comprehend , their purpose in ordering Sir James Willcocks out to the Front with no little mystery, and shipping him home again immediately upon landing, to go on to Ladle to take up a command there. It was commented updh at the time that no particular post in South Africa was mentioned for him, and the Secretary for War explained to the House of Commons that Lord Kitchener would find a bil- let for the hero of the recent Ashanti ca m - paign ; but the Commander - in - Chief in South Africa was given no chance, as Sir James was order- 51k JAMES WILLCOCKS, ed home by the -x•con.G., D.S.O. next boat, to the PROMOTED To THE RANK OF complete mysti- BRIGADOM'GINURAL AND •ma fication of every- OUT TO INDIA .17CCEED SIR HECTOR MAcbc; body. He reached England last Fri- day, and went straight across to Brindisi en route for India, where he is to take up the command of a second- class district in Bengal, with the rank of brigadier-- general. In this post he succeeds Sir Hector Macdonald, who has been promoted to Ceylon; but, surely the War Office must have bona aware of this vacancy before Sir Jan., Willeocks sailed to South Africa, and surely this officer has been put to a vast amount of incon- venience and disappointment, and the country, to the expense of a first-class passage both ways to South Africa for nothing ? It is absurd for the officials to play battledore and shuttlecock in this ' Way with our generals and the public purse. The Whole proceeding has been so eminently Childish as to arouse a good deal of unfavourable comment. It will be remembered that Sir James Willcocks Was most cordially greeted by Mr. Broclrick and Mr. Chamberlain at the Ashanti dinner last spring, and the latter declared that he was far too valuable an officer to be kept waiting for an appointment. However, that is practically, a whole year ago, and 'there has certainly been need of good officers in South Africa since then, but he has apparently ien forgotten until the peculiar prominence of `1,5 quick run to South Africa and back and his transshipment to Bengal, to which he will take the Most cordial wishes of his many adiairers. A series of comments has also been aroused by the unexpected journey to the Cape of another cele- brated ,Army officer, who is, in fact, no less a person than Lord Wolseley, the late Commander- lb-Chief, who sailed last Saturday upon the "Fnion Castle liner, Wainer Castle. No know- edge of his voyage had become public property, unl4l thirty-six hours before he sailed, and the niour immediately got afloat that it was th• ect result of Lord Methuen's • fiasco' and that was being sent out by the War Office offioial capacity, •to take an inde- rent general survey of the country, and n Pronounce upon the state of the War t__.South Africa and the prospects of peace. C u Ilciously simple as this specious suggestion Wears upon the face of it, it is equally absurd when

analysed, and there is no doubt whatever tnat the eminent Field-Marshal's visit is of a purely private nature, for which two reasons are obvious. One is that, though he may have hung up his arms, Lord Wolseley is still one of the keenest soldiers living, and naturally has a curiosity to look into the lessons, tactics, and battlefields of South Africa for himself rather than rely simply upon hearsay and newspaper reports. Again, his lordship is a director of the Union-Castle line, and may very have business reasons for his trip, in additicrn to any natural desire upon the part of a man who kaa

‘ ~0-':.:',.- ' /4 i ~ 1 -em i , , - ',4- . - , .--...% - .". .. . -,,-,'. - • •-•,,,-",....?..f.--•-- ~..... ....y , Ai,,,.... ....S.'. .

===== 0002601_19020321_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
•

LORD mrou

WHOSE TRIP TO SOUTH: AFRICA HAS IWET47 THE SUBJECT OF MUCH COMMENT AND CONJECTURE•

been in harness all ,hia life to roam the world at will upon retirement, when he has plent2/ ,of leisure. Altogether, the first and palpably obvious suggestion does not hold water upon analysis, and there is no question that what- ever doubts the Government may entertain of some of our geuerals and their capacity, their confidence in Lord Kitchener has been increased ratherthan abated, and it is not likely that they are sending any body officially to supervise his plans and actions unofficially • whole idea is as preposterous as it is catch-penny. As far as England aud inrileularly London are concerned, tho reedgnition of St. patrick-' Day by the " wearing o' the groom" was by co means so popular as last year, all the street hawk, rs had to freely exercise their own peculiar persuasive powers to get rid of their stocks of penny sprays. Probably the trade wauld have been duller still had not the sentimental Britisher remembered that the graceful custom found special faVour with the late Queen Victoria, who employed the national em- blem to com- memorate her appreciation of the gallantry of her Irish ,soldiers in. the Soutk African cam - paign. This, and the fact that 'Queen Alexandra is imitating the late Queen's ex- amp': in this res- pect, and the fact that the peas- THE LORD LIEUTENANT Or far- ants of the "die- LAND WHO HAS STATI.33 THE tressf al" country REASON FOR THE ABANDONMENT OF THE ROYAL VISIT. will reap the main rewards of the shamrock harvest weighed strongly with the public, and prevented the possiblity of anything like a general boycott, sueh as was suggested in certain quarters on account of the conduct of some of the Irish 'Members in the House of Commons. -This regrettable incident is not likely to be forgotten for a long time, and though it may not have been directly responsible for the abandon- ment of the projected visit to Ireland, it doubtless had a good deal to do with the decision of the Cabinet to advise the King not to fulfil his engagement Lord Cadogan, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in a speech at Dublin a few days ago stated that the " postponement " of His Majesty's visit was due to the condition of the country, and from this it seems Clear that if the Cabinet had any hesi- tation about communicating the opinion they had evidently already formed regarding the King's intentions, before the scandalous outburst, they had none whatever after it. The abandon- ment of the visit, or its indefinite postponement— for in all likelihood his Majesty will cross the Irish Sea at the earliest opportunity when a better feeling exists—has caused keen disappoint- ment to thousands of loyal Irish people, who resent as strongly as any Englishman the be- hayiour of their countrymen at Westminster, but it is to be hoped that they will have the pleasure of welcoming the King and Queen next year. There waF a very full programme of football matches m der Association rules last Saturday. With regard to the semi-final ties in the English Cup, the match between Southampton and Notta C. B. Pity (SOUTHAMPTON).

PRANK FORMAN (NOTTS. FOREST). TWO PROMINENT PLAYERS IN THE GREAT • MATCH AT TOTTENHAM ON SATURDAY. Forest perhaps claimed the largest share of interest, and it is generally conceded that the Southerners thoroughly deserved their victory of three goals to one. Frank Fe ma .1, the Forest captain, played a splendid game, and the versatile C. B. Fry did excellent service for Southampton.

7-----7),..- • r • ,o' .)‘,/•!;7ri:, ..'-'7, ..',"::4 ''.,:•-. -.-_. Y ;. ' •••!olnee " ir,- ;•.:,'4 ... c-1,7,..- , s - r .• "1 t , • r' v.-4„,,,,,.::,. ~,,,,c---. ~ / -;t4,4 4•4:•1t'..,; • 4kt.,,..., . 44‘.•:).• ....4,..•„. ~,: 1 /.:!.:% / /-, ' !;::1,.i.:;..,1.J.'i • •'.// 't. •-::11 / /./ 7, , ~ 141 !-1 ../..• , 1• / , •X''.c.,!.4.0, 0: ..1 ,/,/ 1.7 '7/ '.. ,f,3•1;7 . ~ , '!'!:•1,, .?--i- ilk ':: :',4i7,32•„. , • .0 ,F4EL EY

. --o'47"L' ..,Z; ___. , _ N 7 .1 ..oi, ,ii.t Q. flo' r k-,a -...--:-- ~-2----..... -;..,----- --,, --,--=:- ~,4 s .;., f \ /I

_ (Thll , : I . '-x-' .d....:. \\. 0r......:t&. 74 v.,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
__________ -.. .-...-

===== 0002601_19020321_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
EARL CADOGAN

IHE EXAMINER. FRIBA N, MARCH

ANNUAL MEETING OF WARRING- TON INFIRMARY GOVERNORS.

Ifrom Mr Tunstall :—" Heathfield,Latcbford,fith March, 1902. Dear Sir,—lt is with the greatest regret that I find it necessary to ask the Governors of the Warring- ! ton lutirmary and , Dispensary to acoept at their next mee.ing my resignation of the hou secretaryship of the institution. For some time past I have been in in- different health, and I am now, indeed, recovering but slowly from a severe illness, which will unfit me for business for a censiderable time to come. My chief reason, however, for asking to be relieved of my duties is the magnitude of the work involved in their satis- factory performance, and the Irripracticability or my coping longer with it. The uniform courtesy and kind- ness which I have experienced in my intercourse with the Board of Management and Its individual members, and for which I sincerely thank them,will always cause me the most live!y satisfaction, and arouse in me the pleasantest of memories. I need hardly say that I shall be glad, if desired, to continue my services for a short time pending the appointment oi my successor.— I am, dear sir, faithfully yours, J hTIINSTALL. J C Parr, Esq., J.P., C.C., President Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary." . The MAYOR said he need not comment upon the regret with which the Board had received this communication not only because they were losing a valued and efficient officer hut because of the mann given by Mr Tunstall, that his health was in so indifferent a state that tt would be a long time before he undertook such duties again. They all anew the long service be bad devoted to the Infirmary and the manner in which:be bad given up his time and sacrificed himself, if he might so express it, for the good of the institution. A good deal of its efficiency and the good work it bad done was due to his devotion and the manner in whith he bad looked after its affairr. He was not lila position to say more it pre- sent. The Board of Manatement would take the matter in hand, and he need now only express his great grati- tude to Mr Tunstall for his kindly suggestion that be would carry them over the present difficulty by continu- ing his service as befere. (Applause.) The Rey Jean YONGE expressed. the hope that this was not an absolute resignation. The mere fact that Mr Tunstall was willing to serve for a short time gave them the hope that if his health were restored, which they all trusted, he would be willing to take on the office again. They would immensely regret to lose hiss, and he hoped the Board of Management would take tbe liberty of pressing upon Mr Touted! their great desire that he should continue in the position. The MAYOR said it might be left to the Board of Management to carry out that suggestion. It was decided to leave the matter in the bands of the Board of Management to deal with as they thought fit. VOTES OF THANKS. Mr BIRCHALL proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayer for the use of the Ccuncil Chamber. Be said they ell knew the great interest be took in the institution and how very ably he was seconded by the Mayoress. (Applause). 1 Mr Faracenuon seconded and the vote was carried. The MAYOR said it was a great pleasure fcr him to offisially place the Council Chamber at 'their disposal. It was only what his predecessors bad done and whht he hoped every Mayor of Warriogton would be only too glad to do so long as their admirable institution was conducted as it was. Mr JACK ON EIOLMRS proposed a vote of thanke to the Board of Management, the House visitors, the Finance Committee, the Ladies' Committee and the Ball Com- mittee. The Rev Limes DAVIES seconded, and it was carried. The Rev E H I'ARBUCK proposed a vote of thanks to the WorkArnen's Committee, and coupled with it the name of Mr Joseph Taylcr, the honorary secretary. He sail the workingman of the town had done splendidly in their contributions to the Infirmary, and eulogized the committee for its work of inganiz &Non and manage- anent. • Mr Brectrats seconded and the vote was carried. Courcillor Joan Hoaxers (chairman of the com- mittee), and Mr J TAYLOR responded. On the motion of COuncillor JOHN ROBERTS, seconded by Mr Ottoecie Ternefrson,a vote of thanks was passed to IldrlA JlJolley, the hon, secretary of the Hospital Sunday Committee.Mr Thompson mentioned that the collections a week last Sunday were more than £3O in advance of last year. The meeting terminated with an acknowledgment of the Mayor's services as Chairman.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A Satisfactory Year.

The Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Warrington, was cpmpletely filled on Tuesday afternoon on the occa- sion of the annual meeting of Governors. The proceed- ings were presided over by his Worship the Mayor (Mr J Cbarltm Parr). In the absence of the secretary (Mr J L Tunstall) the duties were satisfactorily performed by Mr Charles Leigh (the assir.ant secretary.)

_ STATEMENT BY THE MAYOR. The MAYOR, in moving toe adoption of the report and accounts, which have already been published in the " Examiner " said it was always a pleasure and a satis- faction to him to take the chair at that annual meeting, for every 3 ear proved ngire and more wbat a useful institution it %V as and hi* much was being done. They had occasionally had reporte which were variable, some- times less satiefacterf, sometime s more so, but he was happy to feel that cur that occasion they had a satisfac- tory report in almost every point, as the institution was doing a very useful work and was in a better position than it was this time last year. He felt that it was not requisite for him to make meny remarks because the Interesting and ample reports which bad been circulated and which, he hoped, everyone had read would enlighten ail the governors far better than jus could enlighten them. In the short space be had at his disposal he could only go through the report in a m- imes manner to bring out the talent points. In the fist instance the institution showed that it kept up its great use and ice benefits to the publffe There had been a deer ease in the number of patients treated at the in- stitution of 188 compered with the year 1900, but it was partially explained In the report by the fact that some of the wards bad be en kepis empty for some time owing to the outbreak of infectious disease. It had, therefore, limited, to some ext,nt, the capacity of the institution, but it did not mean that it was not quite ready to have fiken all ths.t were des ring to receive ts benefits, ex- cept for this exceptional circumstance. They would see from 'another part of the report that the out- patients had increased very considerably ; it showed that the boepital was doing its usual good and widely spread work. (Applause). The Board bad to regret the lose of some of their trusteee and life governors. They had to acknowledge trom the executors of the late Mr John Crosfield, who was always a good friend to the institution, and te all other charitab e institutions connected witn Warrington, and who was a trustee and life governor, and whose death was much regretted, a gift of 21,000 to the institution. (Applause). They also recorded with, reiret the death of Mr Charles John Holmes, a life governor, and another good friend had passed away recently, namely, Mr Elbert Davies. Be was .sure they would all express deep regret at their decease. He was glad to have to inform the meeting that Mr Dewburst, of Oughtrington Park, had become a life member and had made them a hand- some subscription of las. (Applause.) His Worship : then alluded to the late Mrs F Menke. who, be said,was one of the kindest of the lady visitors' and attended to , the hospital even more than any of bar lady friends. I She had been taken away suddenly, and they regretted her death most deeply. (Hear, hear.) Mr M mks had intimated ;te Mr Dakin, the bon treasurer, with his usual generosity.his intention of contributing the magnificent sum Of £lOO to the institutioo. (Applaose). He was sere they all deepty sympathized wirh Mr Monks in his bereavement, and a letter of grateful thanks for the present and of condolence with the family might be sent to them on the sad lose they had sustained. That would not require a vote, Re bad still another death to record, namely, that of Mr J N Gornall, and he bad also a resignation, which they had accepted with very great regret, namely, that of Mr Charles White wt s desired to sever his official connec- tic% with the institution. His interest in it had been an intense and his kindness so unvarying that be thought they owed the doctor a debt of gratitude, although what they could say would in a very ereall way express the feeling they had for the benefits he had bestowed on the institution. There were certain suggestions made in the report which would no doubt be carefully considered. Their funds were in s very much better eondition than they were' and he was sure they would all reed the para- graph in the report with great interest that "The ad- verse balance brought forwasd from the last year of £1.140 17s 81 has been reduced to £563 3s 2d. The Board appeals to the friezds of the institution to wipe out this adverse balance," to enable them to stand free before ell the world. He hoped such a great boon might be accorded to thcm, and that very soon (Applause.) This was a peat when such a great boon would be specially grateful—the Coronation year. (Applause.) , The report and accounts were unanimously adopted. -

ALTERATIONS OF THE RULES. The meeting then proceeded to alter and amend cer- tain rules. It was proposed that a new mit, (78a) should read as follaws :—" When a paying patient feels aggrieved by the charge of his medical br surgical attendant, he shall have the right of appeal to the Medical Committee, whose decision shall be final." The MAYOR observed that this was an entirely new rule and bad been recommended by . the Medical Board. He moved thtt it be adored. -Mr GBORHE THOMPSON seconded, and the motion was agreed to. With regard to rule 38 it was decided to add the words " Three mem- bers shall form a quorum," and it was olio agreed that rule 49 should be altered so as to read :—" There shall not be less than three ordinary and two assistant medi- cal officers in addition to any consulting medical officers." With regard to rule 51 it was agreed to insert the word " assistant "before " medical officers."

===== 0002601_19020321_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
_ APPOINTMENTS OF HONORARY MEDICAL OFFICERS.

On the motion of the Marmseconded by Mr CHARLES WRITE, it was decided that Dr E A Fox be appointed bon consulting medical officer. Mr G W Joseph and Mr C E Richmond were, on the motion of Councillor FORSHAW, seconded by Mr Jot:ix FaincLoron,appointed hon medical officers of the institution. Mr E E Bowden was also appointed an hon medical officer. The next business was the appointment of two honorary assistant medical officers. The following gentlemen were the candidates :—Mr George Bratde, MRCS (Brig), LB C P. (London) • Mr Edward Joseph Fox, B Sc (London), MRCS (EngS, L RCP (London), FRCS (Ens.); and Mr Reginald South, MRCS (Bag.), LROP (London). The applications having been subinitted,la lettpr was reed from:Mr Mooks,who regretted his inability flo be present, but expressed the hope that Dr Fox would be appointed, as be was exceed- ingly well qualified. Dr Markel also wrote in favour of the same candidate. The Rev. E R TARBUCZ proposed the appointment of Dr Fox, and said be was an excellent candidate. Elie career had been a very successful one, and his exper- ience most varied. es to his personal character, it wou'd satisfy the most exacting. He was also a Specialist of the eye. Councillor Joy( RCEERTS seconded, and said Dr Fox, on., would be a great acquisition to the institution. His father had served it for 25 years, and well, too. The Wotkingmen's Infirmary Committee wished the youog doctor to Lave the appointment. The RECTOR submitted the name of Dr Reginald Smith. Thelßev Jonx YONGE seeondecLand said Dr Smith was well-known to all of them. Both his father and grand- father were connected with the institution, both of whom were held it, high regard. He felt sure the meet- ing would do a wise and tight thing to appoint Mr. Smith. Mr Josara TAYLOR proposed Dr Braids, and Mr J H SMETHURST seconded. Atter some discussion the voting was proceeded with, and the following was the result :—Dr Fox, 43; Dr Smith, 26 ; Dr Braide, 17. The Mayer declared the first two to have been elected.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

On the motion-4-2:11115 IS-r/J3Ciox:r, seconded by Dr Fox, the President (Mr J Charlton Parr), and the Vice- President were re-elected. The Vice-President are : Mr Thomas Henry Lyon. the Rev Canon Frederick William Willie, M A,. Mr Frederick Monks, Mr Charles White, Mr John White Sir Gitert Greenali„ Bart, Mt George Dskin, Mr John Fairclough. The Mavens, in returning thanks, said anything he could do to forward the interests of the Institution was a very great pleasure. On the motion of Mr Fairclough, sionded by Mr RICHMOND, Mr George Dakin was re-appo ted honorary treasurer. Mr Danzig proposed the re-election of Mr Jackson Holmes as auditor. Dr. Fox seconded, and it was unanimously carried. The Board of Management was re-elected: It consists of the President and Vice-Presidents, Rev John Yonge, Mr Elba Armitage. Mr Thomas Birchen, Rev. Harry Vernon Pigot, Mr Plenty Thornton, Mr J Douglas Bea- ton, Mr George Thompson. Rev Father J P Whittle, Rev BR Tarbuck, Rev Theodore Bishop, hirW J Fcr3haw, and Mr John Roberts, Mr Thomas Burton, Mr William Nightingale Mr Edward Pickavande, jun., as represent- ! ing the Workingmen's Committee, the members of the Medical Bbard, the 800. Treasurer, and the Hon. Secretary. RISIGNATION OE THE HON SECRETARY.. The Moon said he very much regretted to announce 1 a communication of the resignation of their honorary secretary, Mr J I. Tunstall. The ASSISTANT SAMMY read the following letter

===== 0002601_19020321_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON CONSERVATIVE CLEM v. SOUTHPORT CONSEBV4IyE CLUB.

. , These teams met at the Warrington Club on Saturday. In the afternoon the visitors were met at the station to see the tootball match between Warrington and Barrow, after which an adjournment was made to the Conserva- tive Club, Sankey-street, for tea, which was served in excellent style by Mrs Watkins. Mr C H Uns worth, on behalf of the Warrington Club, welcomed the visitors in suitable terms ; and Mr Phillips, Southport, briefly rr- plied. Morns ye*, iatoresting gams were subse quentiv witnessed, the Warrington team bsidg beaten by 233 oints.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM BAD TO WORSE.

Week by week we print a few of the hundreds of 15tters from grateful sufferers who write of the wonder- ful curative effects of Dadd's Kidney Pills. All sorts and conditions of men tell of the merits of this invalu- able remedy. Farmers, commercial travellers, railway servants, mill workers, men who lead active lives and men who lead sedentary lives, all say the same—Dodd's Kidney Pills Cure ! Mr rank Newton, of lirneelock Heath, near sand. bach, Cheshire,is the cure we quote this week. In July last he wrote : "About twelve months ago 1 had a pain in my back which caused me great suffering. I ached from the small of my back to my shoulders, and I got about my work as a farm hand with great diffi- culty. I had diffioulty in stooping, and when lont I hid great trouble in straightening myself." Mr Newton went from bad to worse ; all the remedies he tried failed all but one—Docld'a Kidney Pills. One box cured him They acted lige magic." he said. Dodd's Kidney Pills do act like magi, and the result is always the same—a cure. They cure the kidneys and rheumatism; sciatica and lumbago disappear immediately. Try them —they are the best known cure for muscular pains. They are nature's cure, and thousands owe good health to them.

D3dd's Pills are 23 91 per box, cf all Chemists or post free on receipt of price by the Dodd's Medicine Co., 23, FArringdon Avenue, Loadon, E.C. Remember the name D-o-d-1-'s.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
A Warrington Will Suit.

In the Chancery Division on Saturday before Mr Justice Swinfen Eady, the case of Birch v. Tayleur, in re Mr 11 T Tayleur, deceased, of Warrington,was heard. Mr Rutherford appeared for tha plaintiffs, who he stated were the trustees of the will of Mr T Tayleur and the point which was raised in the summons was as to whether a sum of ..E2,000 paid by the testator for shares in the Vulcan Foundry Ca, Limited, and which were transferred to his son Henry layleur, should be deducted as an advanee under the will. The testator gave the residue of his estate in equal shares to his two sons, and the rest of the protoerty to the four daughters. When the estate became divisible the son in respect of whom the :question now arose was dead, and the residual legatees were parties to this action.— Mr Cochrane,who appeared for Mr R Tsyleur and Florence Woods, argued that this sum was only an advance, sad ought to be brought into hotch-pot. The evidence was that Edward Tayleur bought some shares from his brother, the testator, and by direction of the testator he transferred them into the name of his son, who received the dividends directly. It was quite clear in the account that the shares were originally bought for the testator himself ,and that when in account with his brother he was entitled to the transfer of them he directed that they should be transferred to the son, and this was done.—Mr James, who appeared on behalf of the beneficiaries under the will, and the executor of the deceased brother, contended that there was not su cient evidence to convince. the Court that these shires transferred to the son were the sham referred to. He understood that the son bad an unfortunate railway accident by which both his legs were cut off, and that the shares in question were transferred to him by the father because in consequence of this accident be was unable to earn his own living.—After further argument Mr Justice Hedy held that the shares must be treated as an ad- vance and brought into the account.

The Death-Rate.—A General Decrease.

Accotding to the Regis.trar•Gaaeral's official re• tarns the following table shows the rate of mortal- ty in Warrington and other Lancashira towns last week

Death rate. Death rate. Stockport ..... 210 Oldham ..... 160 St Helene .— 180 Burnley ._._ 240 Wigan 100 Blackburn 180 WARRINGTON. 180 Preston 2lO Bolton ..........180 Huddersfield 25.0 Bury . .... 19 0 Halifax ..... ...; 19 0 Manchester Salford l4O Rochdale 180 The average for the 76 great towns was 196 per 1,000.

MODE EN Efroawarmns.—at the Belfast assizes, two men named Turtle and Magill were charged with high- way robbery, and with seriously aesaulting a farmer named (Engles, on the night of the 28u1t., on the County Road, near Ballymena. The evidence for the Crewn was that prisoners waylaid Gipsies on his way home rem Larne fair on horseback, and alleged that, after einanding his money, which he refused to give, they nooked him down, inflicting an ugly wound on his cad, and rpbbed

ilimio

===== 0002601_19020321_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
21 1902.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
It is easier to cure Anaemia than

ConSumplifpitp

Do not neglect Ansemia, or it maYturn to Consumption. No purgative, aperient, or opening medicine ever cured Anaemia. Beware of such medicines if you are Anxmic. Purging weakens the frame, alreadyfeeble, and makes thin blood thinner still. This is no light matter. Bewarned. To cure Anmia and prevent Consumption, you don'twant a purgative, but some-

Symptoms of Anzemia. Poor- ness of blood. Pull down the eyelid: if pale and blood- shot, it is a sign of amanita. Lack of cola= in the lids and gums is another sign; also pallor of the face, indigestion, feeble appetite, palpita- tion and shortness of breath after slight exertion, lan- gour, "laziness " low spirits, cold hands and feet. Dr. Williams' link Pills have cured thousands of severe cases. Anrenlia, if not checked, may be- come consump- tion.

thing which _ your system Can absorb and feed upon. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills radically cure Annlia by

ACTUALLY MAKING NEW 3LOCD.

IF YOU MUST take a purgative don't waste money buying it. Write to us and we will give you one free.

D. WILLIAMS' MEDICINE CO., HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON, E.C.

AN/MIA CURED IN LANCASHIRE.

Too ill to go to Work—Young Woman who feels like a

Different Person Now.

Females are frequent victims of the ailment aris— ing from sudden changes from the hot atmosphere of the factory to the cold air of the streets, and a few days ago a Bolton reporter heard of one remark- able case, that of Miss Martha Turner, who lives with her parents at No. 29, Pilkington-st., off Derby- street, Bolton. On visiting the above address the reporter was fortunate enough to find Miss Turner at home, and he was surprised to find her looking re- markably well ; in fact, wearing the perfect broom of health upon her cheeks.

"Well,' said the reporter, "I have heard accounts of a very remarkable experience which you have had, and thought I would investigate the matter for myself, and if possible get the story first hand."

With a cheerful welcome Miss Turner then invited the visitor inside, and with the utmost readi- ness consented to give the facts.

"Sometime ago," she began, " I was in very poor health, suffering from shbrtness of breath, and a great feeling of weakness and debility. I was going from bad to worse when, fortunately, I heard of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, which quite cured me. I struggled to my work as long as I possibly could, but at last had to give in. I tried all kind of medicines, but nothing seemed to do me any good. I was beginning to think that nothing would set me right again, as the weakness and listlessness seemed to be taking. a firmer hold on me as time went on. I became very pale—in fact,appeared quite bloodless, and f quickly tired from even slight exertion. I lost my appetite to a great extent, and the food I took did not seem to pull me up at all.

Fortunately I was advised in time to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and was told of the great benefit which other mill hands who had suffered like I was, had derived from them. I had read about the pills in the newspapers, but had never paid much attention to them. However, as I got no better, I decided to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial, and I was delighted to find that from the very first they began to do me good. I persevered with them for some time, and took several boxes, by which time I was quite well and strong again and able to go back and continue at my work. Since then I have been a different person. 'if I feel at all bad now, or feel any signs of shortness of breath, I get a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and they set me right directly. The paleness in my cheeks and lips gave place to a better colour, the aching in my limbs disappeared, and my appetite improved. My food, too, seemed to give me strength, and I soon felt as well and strong as I have ever felt nmy life.

In further conversation Miss Turner, a remarkably intelligent young woman, said she had re- commended Dr. Williams' Pink Pills to all her friends.

"Then you don't mind me making use of your statement for the benefit of others," said the reporter. "Certainly not," replied Miss Turner. "1 have already advertised the matter amongst my friends as much as possible, and shall continue to do so."

During the greater portion of the conversation above recorded, Miss Turner's mnther was present. She corroborated all that her daughter had said, and added that she was so satisfied at her daughter's case that she had recommended Dr Williams' rink rills to many people, and was now taking them herself for indigestion and stomach complaint.

vit, ~!. ,0 • N '''' • , ILL Aral• R ViC. 11l 5i...--7..... III! lir A .._ ) pi ..‘'illll 1._......- ):',/./..; 111 " .3ly appetite has improved."

===== 0002601_19020321_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
MS

D -1`? wirr

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have cured Paralysis; Locomotor Ataxy, Rheumatism and Sciatica, Immoverish,ment of the Blood, Consumption, Ancemia, Palpitation, Neuralgia, Early Decay, all ladies' ailments, Indigestion, Biliousness, and Hysteria. They can be obtained of all chemists and at drug stores: or post free from "•• TY74l74ams, Vcdicine Co., Holborn Viaduct. London. at 2fiz. 9d. a. bor. nr xifr bn:r.s fnr 1.7 x. 9d.

LECTURE ON JAPAN.

`'Windsor Magazine " ; which also contains articles on i "The Poland of To-ease" " Training a Sheep-dog," By the Captain of the English Team. 1 "Steeplejacks," " A Remarkeble Collection of Chess- " I have always strenuously held that the front row men," " Animals at church," " A Cure for Drunken- of the serammage should lock tight, but this advice ness " ; together with the opening chap'ers of a power. allows of reserveoioe. In saying that be front row i tut new serial," "In a Fog," be Fichard Harding Davis. should bind tight, I must insist that the binding, and an exciting instalment of Cuteliffe Hyne's "Tho ne- although tight, must be able to undo in a second. For- son's Progress." wards must be able to break up immediasely, both for purposes of attack and defence ; and to be able to break up at a given moment without delay the ball must be watched. Forwards have got to remember that dinctly the ball is out of the scrummage they must be out as well. The shoving must continue till the last moment, but when the ball has gone, break up and help your behiuds. Of course, the wbeel and the quick rushes of towards depend almost entiri ly on the quickness with which the scrummage is broken up. Also, forwards must bear in mind that they have .got to help in the defence. When your opponents have got the hall and begin their passing moments, all the tor wards must be at hand to help the behinds. How often I have seem a half or Urine-quartets run iingle-trandel through a whole side of forwards, who simply stand stolidly still and stare at him, without ever thinking of laying a hind on him, cr perhaps one, a little more awake than the rest, will make a grab at his neck, or hair, or ear. But a forward must tackle, tackle always, and tackle hard. High tackling is, as a rule, quite useless. The place to tackle is eibher just above the knees or round the waist. The latter is perhaps the preferable, as the ball may be held at the same time. Bat the great thing in all tack- ling, for a forward or a behind, is to tackle hard and low, and to always go for the man with the ball. Never mind the otter people who may get the tall, go for the man who has got Pe There are tar too many forwards just at the present moment who are very weak in tackling, which is ale of the most important points in the Rugby game. Gentle tackling is useless (I don't wish anybody to misunderstand ma and think I am advocating roughness) ; you must throw yourself at your man and down him. One often sees quite a good tackler miss a mem because he does not throw himself at him. It is fatal to taink you can never tackle a cer- tain individual, for then you never try. Make up your mind to go for him and bring him down at all °este. To me there is always great pleasure in bringing off a good tackle. There is a feeling of satisfaction about it that ' does me a lot of good and makes me try harder than ever tor the rest of the game. Weak tackling amongst foewards is one of the most promiennt features of the Rugby game in the South. One frequently sees a for- ward or several forwards make a fine dribble and at the end kick the ball perh3ps a trifle hard ; then, instead of leaping on the full-back or whoever the player may be Who has obtained possession of the ball, they appear paralyeed,and quite possibly all the ground is lost again. A great number of forwards imagine that so long as they get the ball out to the backs,it makes no difference how, when, or where it comes out of the scrummage, and that once they have got rid of ir, the responsibility is off their hands for a while ; but this is very far from being the case, tor a great deal niviire depends upon the prows heeling out of the ball than most people imagine. How often one sees the ball Come out of the side of a scrummage instead of in the very middle of the back row ! How often when it does come out at the beck it is shot out like a rocket and with a force that carries It yards past the halves, or else it takes, at the other extreme, about a minute to get through the various rows of legs that bar its way,giving the otMosing halves heaps of time to creep round and follow it up! The ball rnust be heeled out properly, cleanly, and quickly, or else the forwards don't give their halves and three- quarters a chance. When the forwards have obtained , the ball and have got orders to heel it out, it is most : important that they should still continue shoving. It is quite impossible and useless to heel the ball if the for- , wards are getting shoved. Keep shoving, and send the : ball back quicely, avoiding letting it touch the legs if possible, and not giving it violent kicks back. Of course, it is sometimes absolutely necessary to help it on its way back, but it should be done carefully with a push, sa as to avoid driving it too hard for the halves to get hold of. Another excellent method is to shove straight when you have got the ball and walk over it. By this means you give your halves more time,while also placing the other halves on toe defensive behind their own men The great thing is, however, net to let the ball come out at the side, as this does not give your own halves, who are following behind you a chance, while it fele right in the path of your opponents. If a forward at the aids of the scrimmage sees this ball going out at the silo, he must hook it back into the scrimmage at once, and then the forwards must try again and heel it out properly. Never lct it come out at the side. It is far better to wait a few seconds and have it done properly, than to think that the great thing is speed and that it does not matter when the ball comes out. Personally, I censideref your pack is strong enough,that the best way of heeling is the one I have just mentioned—i.e.oi walk- ing over the ball."— From an article by J Daniell on " Rugby Football," in the March number of the

HINTS ON I-ORWARD PLAY.

_ - - - -• • • A very interesting lantern lecture on " Japan, its op was delivered on Monday Evening under people &'., es of Holy Trinity Missionary Association, by thf, Rev A. E Webb, M.A., of S . Andrew's Mission, Tokyel. The schoolroom in Museurn-street, Warring- ton, was completely filled. The chair was ceupied by the Rev. E C E Carleton, 8.A.. (Vicar). who briefly introduced the Lecturer in a personal reference, the Vicar said the Lecturer's father heard him (the Vicar) preach hie first sermon when he WAS Curate of St John's Over Danger', and he remembered very distinctly the kindly words .of encouragement that Mg Webb gave him on that 03CA5100, whim they could quite understand were very acceptable at such a time. Proceeding, he said they had not done very much in the past for toreign missions although they had always manaeed to send a few pounds every year to tne S. P.O. Missionary work did not occupy the piece in Lieir midst it was entitled to occupy. It was riot easy to find money for everything, but at tue setae time they should make the best of their opportunities arid give what they could with the object of heining on mission work. They should not forget that Eaglani itself was Cbristianized by missionaries from abroad. So it Wa9 with Ireland. and he was reminded that that day was the festival of that great Irish missionary St Patrick, who came Co Ire- land from Scotland. Ever sinc •he (the Vicar) came to Warriaetm the parish had bees receiving assistance from one of the great flame Morsion Societies. Re was referring to the Auditionel Curates' Society, which for 23 years to his knowledge, had been giving grants for the maintenance of the clergy in the parish. They were receiving assistance at the present time. They would all agree with him that that was a very strong reasen for their being interested in such a society. He (the speaker) thought the time a convenient one to form a missionary asscciation, which would coal blue the causes of both home and foreign RI SaiOUS. The work would be the same in both cases, and it would be far better to concentrate their efforts.--L-specially when t leir resources were so limited. filer might aiso in:roduce the box system. Toe misiionary-boxes could be placed in the homes of parishioners and the members of the tainily r could Contribute something when they so desired or wished to exercise a litt:e self-Jenial. (Applause.) Ths lsC:urer,at the 0 ict,reterred to the physical char- acteristics of Japan. He pointed out that it was very mountainous, many of the mountains exceeding 10,000 feet in heigh'. Mouy of the mountains were regarded as sacred by the Japanese who erected temples on the mountains and at stated periods hundreds of pilgrims proceeded to worship there. In a!luding to the Buddhist priests he said many of them subsisted by begging. They were despised as a class and had a bad ref utation for their private hype. The Buddhist priests made a pro- fession of the:r calling whilst the iSbinto prie its engaged in other occupations and weie aressed as ordinary men except wheu they were performing their religious functions. As a ciass the Shinto priests were more respected. Some excellent views were shown of the temples, th., houses and the costumes of the Japanese. Proceeding te refer to what was known as •he old English Church in Tokyo be said it was built in 1378, but owing to an earthquake it was considered unsafe and in UM it was pulled down. It was fifteen years. he said, since the riret missionaries went out. :St Andrew 'e Mission consisted of English clergy who looked afier mission churches, taught in the Christian schools, and sperforMed other kinds of wok. The population of Tokyo was 14 millions and a visitor was atee to walk eight miles in a straight line without going outside the city. In addi- tion to the work carried on in connecion with StAndrew's mission, some excellent work among women and girls was being done by St Hilda's missioa,conducted by tatty missionaries. The lecturer pointed out that mud] of the missionary work was of an educational character, especially amongst the young. Many were being train sci for mission work and substantial progress was being made. At the close, the CHAIRMAN proposed a vote of thanks to Mr Webb for his lecture and to Mr Henry Taylor for the nee and manipulation at the lantern. He said Mr Taylor was always willing to come to their assistance on occasions Irks the present, and almost every part of Warrington was indebted to him for his kindness in that and many ether ways. (Applause).

LEAN ON YOUR OWN GRIT. Nobody cares whether you have earache, headache Or rheumatism. Civilizetion is only savagery with a coat of varnish over it. Don't try to unload your troubles on others ; they have their owti, to carry. Look for the way out and, when you find it, climb the stairs. If your enemy smite you on the one cheek, and you are too w(ak to hit beck, get out of his reach and go into training. And to take the soreness out of all sorts of bruises and contusions- use Benson's Porous Plasters, The same for coughs, c)lds, muscular strains and paint, p'eurisy•intluenzi or see ailment that makes you feel like FIVE O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING. There are perhaps piasters eneugh in the world tocarpet Hyde Park, but those with the name " Beo9o4'd "on are the best. They act quicker and cure more thoroughly and surely than the rest. This is not au accident ; it was meant to be so. The lalonlr, the patience, the put into them. They Was put the variety mtahrae the ate?a tkrkeep you Company oin-mot o; o int as bed for a fortnight. They blong to an age that has no time ts fool away. Besides this, Benson's Piasters are like your °thee friends,—thev hats to see you in weakness or pain, and are dog-tired hearing you grumbling about it. Dies: want to cure you and send you along to your business—whole and happy. They ea» do it and zril do it. Try 'em On. Tell the chemist to give you Benson' s —naught etas Benson's Plasters are sold by all chemists. For Sale ia Warrington by F 1 M Ashton, 63, Sankey-street ; Boots, Limited, 5 and 35, Bridge-street ; Hill and Co., Butter- market-rreet ; H Miller, 77, Bridge-street ; and J Young, 40, Sankey-street.

----17 . LTA.. .f6f 10.-- 1 / .4, \% ~.toef ....) . : ' .'..;-; fve,, i".:iWt..-,n''''4l-!,.•4::,t. - ' ' . t•e:„ 1,i-vg.,;.':, ,Sit,,, ,i itti .- , , . . ~ : 0 An. . - .;:•"tCrifl . .... , . .- • . - . . '<.• q f ii, •-i ''',:,.--)±... . - 'FOR • , r i • - • , ':-. .. .:-... T -E,. ~ . ..r..- ..-.. , • -.:: 1.4 • `.., 4 ... / _ 2 9

Ebe "C;amtner Aertes

TIE ' WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." publilhed every Saturday morning. T" " EARLBSTOWN AND NEWTON Ex AMINRIL, published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. BELaNs Exeratm," published every Friday afternoon. THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" 66w IDNES ExAxn -Es," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge scrums insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINE/IJ. WANTEDS. TO BU LEM 18 WORDS 6D., ON SALES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
L-

FIFTY YEARS DEAF. ___

" The Journal for the Deaf" has often reported the brilliant suc3ess of the Drouet methods in the treatment of Deafness and ear diseases cf long standing, but io the February "Supplement " there is an ac3o.int of the case of Mrs Clayton, whose cure is reported after a life- time of defective hisarinz,, a cure that can be rightly termed a triumph for this specialised system of aural treatment. The Deafness in Mrs Clayton's case was of extreme character, and accompanied by continuous noises in the head. Her last communication to the Drauet Inutitute contains the proof of • complete cure : _

95, Eianover-treet. Sheffield, Jan. 23rd, MI IDear Sir,—l am sorry to say that the general impres- lion is that there is no cure for Deafri, es, but aince I had your treatment I have changed my, opinion. Report I nay case by all means, and I hope it may induce some- one to seek relief for a very distressing affliction.— Sincerely yours, S. H. CLAYTON. PA.—Mention in your report that I have been bfilict- id from my infancy. A very complete report f this case, together with a description of a number of other cured cases, of differ- ent varieties of Deafness and ear, nose and throat diseases, can be found in the February " Supplement to the Journal for the Deaf." A free co,ey of this publica- tion can be obtained by addressing tne Secretary of the I Drouet Institute, Regent's Park-road, London. N.W. I The Journal is accompanied by a Patient's Repot t Form, which enables anyone suff,ring from any diaease of the nose, throat, or ears, to submit their case for the advice of the Conkteting Paysician. No charge i made for this rate ation on the part of the Poyincian, and all advice by correspondence is absolutAy free.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
PZNKETH.

PARISH COUNCIL.

A. splcial meeting, of tue ahoy@ (3•3uncil was held in the Weileyan S3hool a, Penketh on Monday ev.euitur, Dr Murray preiidiag. fhera were a'so present :—Xle4srs E W Carke, J S Snoddy, James J G Within- haw, and E Fester (clerk).

===== 0002601_19020321_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON'S BRIDGE.

Mr Snoddy asked of any reply had been received to the Council' letter of the 3rd inst. and upon being told that none had been received, he proposed that the Council again press for a reply, trusting that the City Council would see their way to proceed with the work promptly. Ire so doing the County Council would dispense with one of the moat dangerous bend on a highway in that part of the county. This was seconded by Mr Clarke, and agreed to. RAILWAY ACCOMMODATION AT FIDDLER'S FERRY STATION. Tne C era stated that the Nortn-Western Railway Company had acknowledged the receipt of his 13tter of the 3rd inst. The subject of waiting-room accomrelda- ' tion and increased lighting in Station-road was receiv- ing attention

===== 0002601_19020321_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
2ENSETH ZOILIAL RIGHTS.

The Chairman stated that a communication had been received from the Board of Agriculture, which the Council would no doubt consider most satisfactory. The following is an extract from the draft amendment, viz ;—Now the Botta of Agriculture do, by virtue of the Board of Agriculture Act, 1889, and the Inc!osure Acts, 1845, and 1899, by this Order under their seal amend the said award 1. . . . and do deciar• and direct that the said award shall read as if the words " for an additional burying ground at Sankey Chapel" were therein, substituting for the words " as a burying ground for the township of Great Sane."

____•,______ Child's Sad Death.

Mr S Brighouse conducted an inquest at the W tenon on Tuesday night,relative toatrhreindgetiM Police fliPatrick Gray, aged four years, ot 27 Allcard-atreet, who died at the Warrington infirm- ary on the 13th inst.—Detective Barlow read out the statement of deceased's mor, her, who was not present. It was to the effect that at two o'clock on the let inst the deceased was playing in the back yard, and got on a chair. He overbalanced himself and fell to the ground,slightly cutting his eyebrow. He did not appear any the worse for it until the 10th mat, when the eye became very swollen. Dra Nuttall and Liston were called in, and the latter ordered deceased'a removal to the infirmary.—Nurae Garner said the deceased was admitted to the In- firmary on the 12th inst suffering from blood- poisoning about the head aud face, and died the following day.--A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned.

Yeomanry Efficiency. In the House of Cornmr.ns on Thursday aftornoon, Mr Brodrick said the 6,000 Yeoman to be despatched to South Africa will be required CA) pass all tests in riding and shooting before they left this country.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Domeotir Oerbantg, etr.

WANTED, as good GENERAL 3EI:MANZ—AppIy Com- m:gams Hamm, W igan.

WA/MD good 9111711RAL able to wsoh.—Apply 71 Chapman Street, Hulme, Blanchester.

-- WANTRD. Gocri MINER tL ; family of two; —HawITT, 108. cottand-road, Nelson.

terences.

GENNI2IL WANTHD. used to 0110 ; no registry office.— Mrs BARHAM, 17. Balmoral-roaol, Northampton.

WALNTSD, HOUSHISILID ; wages £l2 to 214.—apply Mrs R&wgoL 93 Highbury Quadrant, London, N.

NVI. Uroo4l ;r t 1 clereCo reqUirefd.—.ppiy Mrs WALKER, The Crescent, St. Annes on the Sea.

117 ANTED, GENERAL BBRVANT, goo reference.— WILLIAM TAYLOR, 6, Irlam-road, bale, Cheshire.

"TU ANTBD, good GENBRAL, about 20.—Apply 19 REM/C-9T.. Ardwlck, Manchester, between 6 and 9.

tjj AN'IBD, GlCslitteL, good, about 18; housemaid kept. T —Apply,stating wages,cLAlix,cralg-y-don,Pozwyn Pay

IvANTBD a respectable GIRL, about 18 as MINIMAL ; good heme.— Apply 5, AVENIUM-TEPRACE, Preston.

IvANTED strong active GIRL, able to wash another kept.--)Eas HanansoW.The Coombs,Grasseadale Park, Liverpool.

virANT BD GEINBRA.L. with good— character, three In family.—Apply Dire FORTUNE. Northfield House, Deane-road, Bolton.

WyANTED good GENERAL SERVANTAbIe to vrash:ranst have good reference.-8. GROBY-ED, GEOritoll-CUM- hardy, Manchester.

WANTED, Young GENERAL for small private family able to wash, refereuce.-46, WOODFIELD-ROAD, Eouth Shore. Blackpool.

WANLIFE4D4Ie(TZt7t4h.N.vBeRnAueL M"al en ett?.wstaZholABPPA e liriifißlBd, Road, `on, Widnes.

Appleton,

- AATANTED. at once. WORICII6-110USBKIIIIPBR ; V middle-aged preferred. -TnomAs HOWARD, tivrat's Farm. Kirkbv, near Liverpool.

WVANiBII PLAIN COOK. small f Imily, shortly after Faster, two mains kept, £2O to £22.—Mrs. JonNiax, 8 Marson-street, Wardrorton.

wANTED. a SERVANT from 18 to 25, with good char- acter. for mall famll v.-51ra GOODWIN, 44,C1arendon mad. Whalley Range. Manchester.

W ANTKD at once, an Experienced GM* Iti AM. NT SERVANT; able to wash and cook; small family.— Mrs HOWE. 13. Park View, Wigan

rck GOOD DOMRSTIC SIIRVANTS Wanted at once ; esn' public and private ; excellent wages given.—Apply REGISTRY, 87, Church-street, Blackpool.

WANTED good GENRRAL, wages £l2 to £l4 a year good home for suitable person —GILCHRIsT, 85, Belmont Drive. Newham Park. Liverpool

WANTED at once HOUSEMAID-WAIIRESS for family of 3; 4nrse kept; late dinners; wages £2O BIRTWISTLE, srCarspalton-road, Blackpool. fohool

-- WABTRD HOUSEMAID WAITRESS for Ladies' Sep..., good Rages to corap•tent pereon.—Apply to MRS EVANS. 23, Westeliffe—road. Birkdale, Southport.

AItrANT&D, a Good GIMBAL, age about 2); a good V reference required ; good wages to a suitable person Addreso Kiss Tirompsox,24, Trafalgar-rd,Birkdale,Soutbport

-7ANTSfI. I:IOI3sHAAID or Superior-General; age about 2 for etergyrran'a house ; references.— Apply with full particulars, A.M.,129. Queen's-rd,Liverpool.

A LL CLASSM of SHEVANT4 ready from country and town, public and private.—Ladies should call or write to HARRISON'S. 6, Oldham-street, Manchester. Estab. 1862.

WASTED, (1-1011CRA.L SIIEVAN't . active, oheerfu Young Woman; must have good reference ; wage 218,-2, WILTON-TERI:I.4.m Bent-lane, Heaton-park. Man cheater

ANVIL), respectable GPM, about 16 ; one used to VY ' housework preferred; no family ; reference required.- -Apply to Alra. S. CLEGG, 4, Brideoak-street, Water head Oldham.

------ LIXPERIENCED male and Female NURSES at a 111 moment's notice for all eases.—Apply NURSES INSTIM- TioN, 70, hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 670. TelegraphiO Addresa" Nurses."

ALL CLaSSRS of StTIJA.TIONS, private and public ; good homes ; excellent wage l ;places in town. country and seaside.— Write to aarattaoN's, 6. Oldham-street. Man- chester.

COOK-S' WANTHD from no to £24. Housemaid Waitresses £lB to zr2 Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places; small 'amilles.—Write to HARRISON'S, 6, Oldham- street, Manchester.

WANTED Good General SERVANT for a doctor's house; young girl kept in the kitchen ; must have good character from last situatiom—Apply, Dr GrvirEN, Alannah, Queen's Walk. Rhyl. gtiff4.2l

--------- WANTBD in Clergyman's Welly. HOUSEMAID- WAITRESS, experienled ; three servants ; comfort- able home; good wages must be Church of England,- -Address 23. Newsmant-Derve. Liverpool.

VVAran!) (11SkintfdaL diSttVANT not under ; good wages given to one experienced, civil, and obliging ; no family ; another kept; must have good references country girl not objected to.—Apply personally or by letter Mrs Boon,Clairviile,Carlton-rd,near brooks's Bar,Manchester

10r0t55, lgarriagrO. Zibe stork, ,!irt

HOASECLOTHIti G.

BBACIM-0-NT BROTHERS. LIKITBD, 26, WHITISCHAPEL. LIVBRPOOL. Manufacterers of all kinds of Horganlothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, ao, Home and export. Botablished lil2.

1 ITTBR of Six Fine-red PIG ion Vele, eight weeks old ..1J Apply to G Busch. Hayman' Green, West Derby Liverpool.

grAN S&LS. STRONG CART, with top boards euit con- tracton—Apply C W. PHILLIPS, Ring °Tans Dares- bury. near Warrington. - -

TO BR SOLD THRBB LURBIRd AND MR CARTS, Suitable for either farmers or contractors. Good eon- clition,wheele and body,WiLLTAm Nonals,Farnwortb,W lanes

1,111t61-ULAIS New Farm LAI/L.IC on Sale, Int. tin, by bft. 9i n., 4in. wheels, screw brake on front ; side boards, thrippers, to.—COLEBAIV AND Blinn, wheelwrights St* Helens. FOR SA. a number of Hartz MOUNie.IN taH.Ltsisd in lull song. Prices 7s 6d. to lie. 641. cage included. Hens same strain 4s. 6d. a coupIe.—POMFBET, 74, Spring- street, Rishton. near Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
jflatbißern, etc.

, HIGH-CLASS GAS lINGINHS ; new design ; latest im- provements. !Sizes In stoats, one to thirteen brake • power.—BLUAR AsaiwoßTN, Collyhurst, Manchester.

bone

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY YOUR LUBRICANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NoN- CORROsIVE. largest sale In the world, Engine Oil, Cylinder Oil. 111. ; Machinery Oil, 110. ' - Spindle Oil, 9d. ; Gas Engine Oil, Is 6d.; Dynamo Oil, 156,1 per gallon ; in barrels free and carriage paid,—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London, B.O.; also 99 Great Clyde-street. Glasgow; I. Sandbill, Qtanyside, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

- pA T ENT OP FIC ANCHESTER , H3TABLISHED IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hat more than dO years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical kno wiedge of the cottoo,woolien and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SOS, F.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. PPROVBD

BRADPORDI3 UNIVIIRSALLT LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OvER 450 GoLD & SILVER MEDALS AIM FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. ••VoWI4L" WASHING, WRINGING, & MANGLING MACHINRs, LAUNDRY REQUISITES. ' " DIAPHRAGM" CHURNS. BUTTlidi WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142. High H olborn, London 130. Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works. Salford.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LAUGH TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FoR MAXIMUM POSTEkS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTE A SPECIALITY.

Itottls, tvaroo, Meartling estab.

Apartment 6, gurntanD 3il cum,

910EQUAY.—Comfortable Furnish.d XPARTItiII NTS 1_ terms moderate ; pIano.—MraNOSWORTRr, B,Florence- terrace, Warren-road.

I)LACKPOOL.—COMFOIITABLIC APARTEIHNTS. Airs. 10 SCA KLETT. 24. Dickson-rd ; 2 minutes from Talbot rd Station and Sea. Piano.

BLACKP I 4 OOL.—Comfortable APARTMNTS, public and private —Mao DORBER. The Villa, Promenade, South Shore. Special Winter terms.

ABOUT. YOUR SUMMID4 HOLIDitYS. Consult the 11. "Camp Herald "; illustrated. free.—SECRETAIM 11011. day camp, Groudle near Douglas, I O.M.

-- DLACKFOOL,—COMPANIC HOUSB. 16 beds, with .13 Tea-rooms. valuatiOn, near Talbot-road Station ; inves- tigation invited.—PAßYEE, 43, Springfield-ma].

B' CKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board; situated near st,tion and sea ; trains pass door —Mn. FUTON, Crompton House, 128, Crescent-drive. Piano.

BLACRPOOL—Comfortable APARTMHNTS close' to Talbot-road Station. with or without board, Piano. Terms Moclerate.—MßS. LIVINGOTuNg, b. Topping-street.

BLACKPOOL.—COMFORrABLB APAHTMICSTS. close to station, and alt ammements, terms 25. ; bed and attendance. -Mrs. CLARKE, 31, Ribble-rd, off Central Drive.

I )LACKPOOL--APARTMENTS ; Sirs. ALLDRkD (late of 1) Atherton), Atherton Hons., a. Pleasant-street, North Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

Win KIRBY —Superior ROOMS in well-furnished house : south repeat ; excellent cooking ; rive minutes from station and close to promenade.-4, CHURCIT-BD., West.

Obarts.

£2,500 INVIS,TMENT, to pay net bi, rising to per cent, without risk or trouble, suit trustees.—STlLL, Ashford, Middlesex.

11" AMES P. BATH end SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAGH-STRBET. LIVERPOOL,

4Ptorks, Zucontooes, tit.

UDR DISPOSAL good paying Asphalting Business ; r bongo cart and plant ; full up with contracts.—Waitn, 37, Feada-road, Blackpool.

FIRA-CLASi 3WHICTS, Claoeolates, and lees, In Moss Side, Manebester ; ebeap.—Apply 35, If EYWOOD- STREET, Moss Side, Manchester. No agents.

A NONE REQUIRING a BUSINESS ot any deseription A in Manchester or district should apply to h B GOUNDRY, 98, Hyde-road, West Gorton, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WiutteD.

WANTBD, Cheap Bicycle, any cond tion ; prompt. cash. —WlLLisec, 141. Haydon'o-road, Wlmbledon•

A GENTS to call on shopkeepers etc, good remuneration.— r Apply early, WEBSTER, Moorland-road, Burslem.

\ITANTED APPRIMTICES to the Dresemeking ; good eines trade —Apply l WARBORTON, 82, Buttermarket- street, Warrington.

WAR MEDALS wanted.dated 1848,E2 given ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Atbara. Matabele,Blashons,Fenian Raid, &c.—Majgr Tomas, Droitsvich.

AUIINTS WANTHD, to sell Hardware. Jewellery, Furniture, Clothing, Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE ANn Co. (102) Birnainvham.

WANTED, Ladies to Write for two reliable and moat effectual Recipes; poet free is. P.O. and penny stamp —Mrs. AIINECKE, 48, Parkside-rd, Hillsborough. bheffield.

TELEPHONE No. 0489•

J OHN WALKER & (20. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON'

Otlutatton.

V RWTON-GB - WILLOWS.—NIRKFIRLD BOARDING 11 and DAY 8 UHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

NyBLSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Comfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains.

oßcp.

RRVIIRSION.—Good price Riven for Reversions, Life income., Annuities, Mortgages arranged.—JoisEs, 6, ranton-street, London, 9 W.

E 0 be tet. .

tyto LET, GOOD HOUSE, convenient, rent moderate.— A. Apply THOMAS HARDING, Orford-road. Warrington. IDUTOHEE'S SHOP TO BE LET; cheap If taken at once.— 1.11 Apply 223, WELLINGTON-IT.. Bradford, Blanchester.

BR RICK CROFT TO B LIST, situated In Cinnamon-lane, Fearnhead,—For paitleulara apply Mr RAY, Westwood Nall, Lower Inca, Wigan.

TO LET. Charming Residence, 12 roams, stabling for three excellent orchard, 4 acres : paddock. Near Weymouth. —T LLOYD, Chick oral!, Weymouth.

BLACKPOOL : South Shore, near sea, 24 ROOMHD HOUSH (empty) redured rent, had good connection. 15 Aleaandra-road,—FISHER. Crystal-road.

TO LET. eTABLII and COACHHOUSII, with lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—Apply WOODS & SOS Solicitors, 55. Horsemarketatreet, Warrington•

QT. ANNES-ON-SEA-10 LET HOUSE and Sh—CIP, two k..) entertaining rooms, five large bedrooms ; bath, two w.c.'s. kitchen, scullery, two cellars, splendid opening. greengrocery, boot, shoe. or millinery; two minutes from station.—L STANWORTH, St Davi d'a-road.

_

===== 0002601_19020321_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THI; EX A MINER, FRIDAY MARCH 21 1902

r7'ales2 tiribatt Erearp

(.I(D'S WAY OF SALVATION."—Send for Booklet to VA W. lidNibDEN. 157 Duckworth-street, Darwen.

1000 Superior STAMPS for 91, Colonial List free.— Sroml22, Hari at. lidgeware-rd London.

ieIORONATIOR ' Collar Studs. grand value, state ladies or gent's free, 18.—H. A. FRENCH, Halstead, lissex

30 (li different) Anniversary Hymns & Anthems; both notations,l6,—WAßD,l37,Attereliffe Commou,Sheffield

ONDON Office accom. ; central ; every convenience. 1J 2s 61 weekly ; address only. Is—CHASE, 4 Great Queen- street, W.C.

VAIILKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and Clover.—Apply, Fa ULKNEB. Merchants, Peadlebury, Manchester.

WHY DO YOU COUGH? Send for Bronchial Cough Mixture ; post free is 3d.—YIELDSEND, Elorton Brook. Manchester.

pA.ILJH W Yrints,Plusbes. Velvets, Tapestries 1. 3d per parcel. Post Pald.—Roes, 24 Horton Road, Hackney London.

MASIDOLINR in Case, with Instruction Book, ~omplete, sent carriage free on receipt of 105 61.-11111E1s, 33, liathbone-place, London, W.

IVOTICE I SHRUBS, roses, fruit, forest, and other trees, .1.11 plants for hedges, &". Catalogue free.—FELIX SPOONER, Goldsworth, Woking. Surrey.

B' HAM'S Healing bad leg Ointment. A blessing, stops all pain as soon as applied; tree 40.—Bganitsm's, 13, Narford-road, London, N.h.

MANUFACTURBR' lElBlNANTB.—DressOools,Flannel, ettes. Calicos, Linens, Shirtlngs. 10lb bunelres cheap. Price list free. W CLIRKBON, Merchant Bradford.

25 DIMS ; exquisite Alpaca in black and s. silver grey, only 14s 63 each. Approval free.— JoHN RAMSAY, 19 Imperial Arcade, Birmingham.

BRASS DOOR NAME PLATES of every descriptima Special line 2s. 6.1., any name exceptional value. Agents wanted.—P.ammt, 9, atnart—street, Leicester.

A STROLOGY.—Your future foretold, marriage, &c. State birth-time. Thirteen stamps, stamped envelope.— Prof. Bowiskse (Desk 2), Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

BADDELENE'S " BELLE-BLOOM." THE LOVELIEST OF COMPLEXIoN CREAMS,

2s. 6D•. 1.. & 6D,, Poet Free.

Never known to fail I No matter bow anytharnt, dull, faded, or blemished, makes the skin whiter than snow, and healthy colour imparteI.—BADDELENE'S, 27, Silvester-road, Dulwich, London.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
,aits bp taribatt ertatp.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
S°MORS.— Bet of 3 in imitation Lizard 011ie is. List tree.— SNOW, 1, Dorothy-road. Leicester.

(10NSTIPATION.—Recipe that never fail., post tree 7d.— '..J Mr BRILL, Queenborough, Sheerness.

PTOIIWORIC silks, velvets, monster bundle Is 6d free, clearing out.,—D.. 8. High-street. Hltham. London.

BANKRUPT BARGAINS. Ladies Jewelled silver watches les. gents ICs 63.—R. A. FRENCH, Halstead Essex.

IA Fititi prepared for cooking, bib... car. paid,2s. 6d. I Particulars free.—FISHMONGER'S SYNDICATE, Grimsby.

50 SHBNTS Note P.par, headed address, 60 Envelopes, is. 6d., post free.—WITHINGTON. Printer.Cannock.

,7 la—F li ield or ace,Glasses carriage free, if not approved / money returned —Eatimizrox, 316 Itarlsfield-rd, S.W.

E&RT DISEASE CURED. Wonderfully Medicine free 23 9d —" Vir&,' 41, Corporation-street, Manchester.

PATCHWORK. 200 pretty crazy silks Is. sd, print patches ls. Id. par.—BAßT:a. "A hley." Mountsorrel,Loughboro

AND,CHIPS HANGW AND CUTPHH,LittIe used .for eale cheap.—Box W. "Bs • MiNER" 07Ficw,Warringtou.

0110108 BASTBFt LAMB.-11lb tore-quarter delivered tree, 58 6d ; trial solicited.— GRAhT, Butcher, Stockwell, Loudon.

FFB tr4JO, by Mat.h,ws, 355. ; another one. 20s. ; also case, 4s.—BORLIND, 36, Ur ter street, Green— hey% Manchester.

VASHIONABLE Gold.plated Curb Bracelet, with Padlock. _L Polsor 13 stamps.—SETTLE, 34 West Green-road, Tottenham, London. 10 060 Tinted kiAr3DI3OI.I. J 1 L ,x7xi.c%7sinte lt liiEnctßoaidc PRINTERY, Brighton.

TTEN stone kits live PLAICE, COD, HADDOCKS, etc.. 15s, also tAases selected fish 2s &I.—Write te LUDA leittE SUPPLY CO , Grlrnsbj.

NhURALULA J kFlflt .1; tto aro., r tamped a idrea.ed enve- lope for a einapleoafe and guaranteed cure. --Oa/STEAD & Co. Clarendon-ot, Oxford.

r llfttHlLfLt tU.fIJIOI. —1 am forced to dispose of my 1_ 805 Zither Banj for 33e, approvaL—PENNY, 22 Haul- road, Hanover Park London S.ds.

QINGER'S Sewing MACHINE, two drawers; drop leaf ; Li cover • self-threading shuttle; splendid sewer, £3,— HOLT, 9, Eliott-street, Rochdale.

30/ swirl ti.otel Watch, pertec—t timekeeper, approval anysghere, bargain —Mrs. SHEPHERD, "Pretoria," Cobbold-road, Leytonstone.

FISH FOR LENT. —Blb, 23 ; 111 b, 23 64 ; 141 b, 3s ; 161 b and upward 2f4 lh ; cleaned ; freshness guaranteed ; trade supplfed.—DOLPHlN Flew Co.. Grimsby Docks.

Flski FOR LIiNT.-61b, 23 ; 91b, 23 61; 12113 upwarda, 3d lb ; carefully cleaned; carriage paid; lista free ; trade supplied. —CANADIAN Flea 00•Grimsb7 Docks.

EIOM R WORK, either fiex good weekly inoome, no can- vassing but genuine indoor Work. Stamped envelope for particulars.—W MoaFonn, Turton-atreet Weymouth.

CANClill CURE.—Apply Tirostas BRAIN, PT 0 L, ' The Willows, 19 01/lender-road, Bast Dulwich, London. Testimonials numerous ; for inspection; cutting not effectual

HNTS' cheap lies, new Spring go xis, silk or satin. 2 for is Id., 3 for Is 7d. Wilk handkerchiefs handsomely ;em- bossed, is 13. post free.—H. PLEDGER. White-et., Brighton.

VOIC SALE, one Stag handled Carver. Knife. Fork & Steel 12 in nice velvet and satin lined case, for 7s, worth double. Carriage paid.—Jrtwsow,3o, Boyce-street, Sheffield,

J. AND W. DUTTON,

16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY•STREET,

WARRINGTON.

WE SHALL MAKE OUR FIRST DISPLAY

===== 0002601_19020321_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ALL DEPARTMENTS OF ALL THE

' LATHST NOVELTIES IN

:MILLINERY, MANTLES, DRESS MATERIALS AND

C OSTIJMES.

ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NEXY,

FOLLOWING DAYS, J. AND W. DuTroN,

16, 18, AND 20, SASBILY-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

OgiTY, Voultrp, ttr.

WHIM LANG6HANS, 5s per sitting ; unfertiles re- placed.—JAMES SEED, 16, Cleveland-road, Lytham.

DUBS-BRED 1311 ff Orpington's ; Eggs 3s per doz. (wafer- -1 tile replaced); Chickens from 6s per doz. List sent.— EIGHTINGALE, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

VsaGlS.—Leghorn Eggs for sitting, marvellous layers ; also lioudan Legnorn. first cross • 3s per dozen ; unfertlie replaced—SHOßT, Barnton, North wicli.

s IBADY THB BUFFS '—Orplngtons (the only cooks) 0 Leghorn. (Bateman.) ; egms 4s doz. Pullets, laying, 53 to JOS.—PORTER, Stook, Ingatestone.

eptirs, ttr

OTORS for Bicycles, Motors for Tandems, supplied and fitted. Lists free. We are manufacturers.— CALVERT, 12 Woodville-road, Mildmay, London, N.

L'IIRB—CYCLICS CYCLAS I Marvellous Bargains .1 2,800 Cycles, Motors, awl Aco 3ssories. Bargains in Badie's and B.S.A. Machines. FREE to any address, the most interesting 60 page Catalogue in the trade. Second hand Cycles from 30s. 2,000 New Machines from £2 lie 61. Plated Einar, Rim Brake, Free-wheel Machines from £4 lOs each. Every class of Machines in stock. Accessories Half: price-50 per cent. cheaper than others. Marvellous Bargains; Agen s wante: ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 50 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested In the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FREE to aII.—WARRILOW & CO,, Weston-super-Mare.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

MARCH 21s' 1902.

Since the days when Mr The Admirelte and W. H. SMITH was satir- Wei-Hai Wei. ised in "H.M.S. fore" as "the rnler of the QUEEN'S Navee," there has keen a:general belief that the First Lord of the Admiralty, whoever he may be, is a lay figure con- trolled by the experts of the Naval Board. Lord SELBORNE in the interesting debate as to Wei- Hai-Wei in the House of Lord on Tuesday evenin. something to modify that opinion. Without unduly asserting himself he conveyed that ho had been responsible for a change of policy as te Wei-Hai-Wei which will probably affect other places, being careful, however, to strengthen hint' self with expert advice before he took the stet', and also to secure the support of the Cabinet. In a word Lord SELBORNE appears as the chief who weighs the arguments of conflicting opinions, and decides the issue for himself.: Lord SELBORNE'S speech was an epitome Of Captain MAHAN'S theories; and although lie; did not mention that eminent naval authoritYp, it is easy to read between the lines and to see • that he had drawn on the captain for his imprer sions and had placed them before his naval ad' 1 visers, with the result already mentioned. The ; substance of his case for the change was the prin- ciple that ships are better than bricks, because; the ships are movable, and can render effective service in various places, whereas fortifications avail in only one place. This consideration is, a course, of limited application ; but LORD SO' BORNE stated definitely that the abandonment of the intention to make Wei-Hai-Wei a primal naval base was determined prior to the Japanese Treaty. The British Government had no thought of the assistance Japan could give for the protee." tion of British interests. It is quite probable that in a time of naval conflict Wei-Hai-Wei would be left practically undefended if the stress of the engagement were in other waters, and Russia might slip in and occupy the station. Bet on the other hand if the place were unfortified itS weakness would tell in our favour for recapture, because until elaborate work was undertaken it would not be tenable against the attacks o vessels, and we should be able to recapture it when our ships were free to do so. LORD Set- BORNE is, in fact, a convert to the theory that,, mobility of naval resources is the most important thing. All this may be true. It is a matter to be argued out by the experts of rival schools of naval thought. But it is unfortunate that the Government should not have been able to come te a decision before committing itself so definitely. All sorts of conjectures have been caused by the 1 alteration, the most unfortunate of which work) that our Admiralty did not know its own mind a that the first proposals as to Wei-Hai-Wei were s hollow piece of stage show. Before Lord Goscueel took the step he did he must have consulted the Cabinet, and when there was so much divergence of opinion among experts as thine must have been even then Ministers should not have shouted se loud. Everyone remembered Mr. Balsoun's high • note of satisfaction to which Lord Roseseer re- ferred in a recent debate on this subject. Thie was supposed to be a brilliant check to Russian , aggression. Now we realise that the chief use of Wei-Hai-Wei is to be as a sanatoripm and a train' ing place. It is well to confess an error of judg- went as early as possible rather than to pursue e blunder, and that is the best that can be said fec Lord SELBORNE. But this country profits most by a quiet resolute line, and the alternative prac' tice of graceful concessions and flights of Jing,e oratory,followed by admissions of their bollownese is not calculated to inspire respect for us among other nations.

Pinsing

The Government The Parliamentarialle Shun Publicity, of both Houses were

. engaged early in - 0 week in a study of the image of South Africa. 5.13 i Government onc3 more gave the impression th4;' they were determined not to make any jdisclosUr! of facts until they shall be of no vali6e. If th; ort of thing goes on we shall some day havO '

0 rs or )0 Leo dg- ren so ro- 3io 3 Of lo a for nost prar lingo i'nee4 noeg ariae4 Wee 1 04 40sere If Oil have tc

1

===== 0002601_19020321_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
send out another Sir HENRY STANLEY to discover Darkest Africa. The Lard CHANCELLOR admitted the arrival of a half-hundredweight of returns as to the vorkings of martial law in Cape Colony,but discouraged any attempt to put a date to their sorting. The British public, both as relatives of soldiers who are fighting and in their capacity as taxpayers, desire information as to the supply of horses' food' and other things. Mr BRODRICK puts his foot down angrily and says the demand is unfair. The answer seems quite irrelevant, and would be absurd if it were not based on the assumption that the object of the critics was to gibbet officers who are engaged in administration. In reality it is nothing of the kind. Those who moved for the committee of investigation have done so on grounds of efficiency and economy, and not from any vindictive motives or from love of scandal. Whenever Liberals urge that steps should be taken to avoid waste and stay blunder- ing they blre told they are unpatriotic. Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN read a military report which showed that up to a very recent date the remounts were still unsatisfactory to the military experts at the Cape. "Wait until the war is over," replies Mr BRODRICK. This is a mere pre- text for evasion. Toe disclosures of the profits of contractors show what a splendid thing they have found the war to be. Contracts for war purposes are speculations, but when a company can pay a dividend of 30s on El shares and can put one million sterling to the reserve it seems to have been given more than an ample margin. To say that after such a revelation the Opposition critics are led by mere motives of exposure in their desire for a supervising committee is begging the point. There have been quite enough exposures. What the House of Commons is concerned about is that in face of them the administration shall be shown be on a business-like footing. It is an insult to the House of Commons to suggest that any committee would condemn an officer in his absence. Its concern as to the past would be mainly to secure improvement in the future. There are too many evidences that the war is likely to go on for months; and just as com- mercial men would take stock of a serious situa- -tion, so Parliament should look carefully to its materials for supplying the military machine.

--- KING EDWARD'S first The King's First Court, which was held in Court so much splendour at Buckingham Palace, came as an augury of the Coronation festivities, and as a happy omen of the lustre which the new SOVEREIGN hopes to shed over his reign. Toe interest in the event was largely increased by the knowledge that the KING had taken the trouble to concern himself as to the details beforehand, and had prided himself in seeing that it should in every way be worthy of the traditions of the Court of St. James. On occasions, when the diplomatic corps is invited to meet subj sets of the KING who are most distin- guished in rank and other eminence, the function has an importance not only for the SOVEREIGN but for all the people over whom he rules. When his MAJESTY succeeded to the Throne he emphasised his intention of limiting his authority strictly to that of a constitutional monarch, and everyone has admired how, while keeping himself above all the party and other con- troversies of the hour, he has exercised his august influence for his country., Those only who are in the Court's secrets know how keen and varied are his activities, and how he aids his Ministers in the difficult tasks of international diplomacy. The increasing regard for him shows, however, that this is understood though it cannot be stated. The finest tribute which could be paid to any SOVEREIGN was the remark which Lord SALISBURY made when the country was mourning the death of the late QUEEN. "A. Minister," he said, "felt a great responsibility when he ventured to advise her MAJESTY against her first opinion on any matter that was brought before her." King EDWARD has not sought a life of leisure. His ambition has been to be worthy of his exalted position by inti- mate acquaintance with the matters affecting its larger responsibilities, and also with the smaller points—the little details which are so marked by Continental critics. In the Court held at Bucking- ham Palace he was in reality doing service for the country before the eyes of all the world as repre- sented by the Ambassadors. At other times he finds pleasure in giving pleasure to one or another portion of the community or class of his subjects as on the occasion of the visit to Plymouth, when he gratified alike the naval and civil elements by his graciousness. Happily, too, he has lent his influence in a special degree to movements for the alleviation of sickness and suffering. His people should findsatisfaction in his delight when releas- ing himself for a while from kingly duties in taking the part of a simple English gentleman, enjoying the pursuits of a country gentleman, discussing agricultural topics with the farmers round Sand- ringham.

Employment throughout the country remains wonderfully steady, despite the dismal prophecies of the pessimists. I year ago a decline seemed to have set in, which some people attributed to a diversion of capital to South Africa. Whatever the cause, the movement was checked during the summer months, since which time only very shght variations have had to be repur ted.During February the returns from the Labour Department of the Board of Trade shew that some improvement took place ; and, considering the time of the year, and the fact that the month included a period of frost {luring which outdoor occupations were seriously interfered with, this must be pronounced more than satisfactory? The state of employment is, however, still slightly worse than a year ago, for while the coal, iron and steel, and cotton industries have improved, there has been a certain decline in engineering, shipbuilding, building and certun other groups of trades. However, employ- ment is above the mean percentage for February for the last; ten years. Turning to the. changes of wages, we find that the net result is a decrease affecting rather more than 100,000 w. orkpeople but the amount is very small, averaging only 3d weekly per head. This, again, compares very favourably with the decline :of 2s per head affect- ing 200,000 workpeopla in February of last year. I.lnaployment may not be all that it might be wished, but there is, nevertheless, an even quality about the returns which is far preferable to a succession of alternate " boonas " and "slumps."

There is an interesting rumour to the effect that the Admiralty intead to take up Marconi's challenge, and demonstrate, even to the satisfac- tion of the reluctant inventor, that wireless rnes- ages on the most improved method can still be interfered with, intercepted, or rendered unin- telligible. The challenge was a very clear one. liarconi said definitely thakhe would undertake to send messages from his experimental station Which could not be intercepted by any ship other than that for which they were intended, To demonstrate his good faith he made various offers to place at the disposal of the sceptics a ship or station for a week for their experiments, but, of course, these would not,be necessary if the rumour ref erred to proves true. On the Vernon wireless

===== 0002601_19020321_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
telegraphy has been studied for some time, and there are experts who could be trusted to make an investigation into the matter, while the fitting up and despatch of a vessel to test the matter would entail very little expense. So far, it need hardly be said, experiment in the Navy has run altogether counter to Mr Marconi's claims. Quito recently, the Revenge, now being refitted for Sir Gerard Noel's flagship at the Coronation review, got in touch while off Crook- haven with several mail steamers through her wireless telegraphy apparatus, and received also several messages which were being pßssed from the ships to the shore, or vice versa. But, even if Marconi's syntonic system can be established, would its adoption be an unmixed good? It would be sad if there should prove to be two ships on the high seas, within fifty miles, say, of each other, both fitted with Marconi's apparatus, and both with trained operators on board, and if the crew of one should perish for lack of assistance because communication between the two vesssls had been deliberately prevented by the tuning of the instruments to different keys.

The vaccination antidote has been much severer than the small-pox epidemic. One reported case was sufficient to send hundreds of Warrington people to the doctor with bared arms and trembling hearts. These were the cautious and the wise. The unwise and the less cautious laughed at the scare—which was but a scare after all—and have since been able to smile at their tender-armed brethren and sisters. The " mind my arm " cry associated with the last outbreak in Warrington has to a great extent been superseded by the rod ribbon—" the red badge of courage." For our own part we would rather have the old cry than the new ribbon,which is unnecessarily ostenta- tious. People can generally keep the injured limb out of harm's way easily ,enough, and there is no need to advertise the fact to all and sundry that one's left arm is to be avoided like the plague. There was almost a fashion ia ribbons and bows at first, but well-deserved ridicule is driving them away ' rapidly. There are still plenty of people whose natural repugnance to vaccination causes thorn to question its efficacy. Facts are stubborn things, however. Dr Hope, the Liverpool Medical Officer of Health, reported last week that at a certain lodging-house where small-pox appeared, seventy- one lodgers and fourteen of the staff were re-vaccin- ated,but thirteen of the lodgers ref used. Not a single one of the seventy-one lodgers or of the fourteen members of the staff who were re-vaccinated took small-pox, but of the thirteen lodgers who refused re-vaccination, nine had developei the disease. It was also pointed out that not one of the numerous staff of nurses and servants engaged at the small-pox hospital had contracted the disease.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

Provincial Organizations for duly and adequately celebrating the forthcoming Coronaiion will pro- bably take the hint so appropriately and setsortably tendered by King Edward himself, in his communi- cation to tne Loudon Mayors of a desire to entertain half -a-million of their poor people t 3 a dinner on ' that rare and auspicious occasion, while they may also benefit to some extent in completing their arrangements for:the festive:portion of the rejoicings by the experiences of the then Princess of Wales ati the time of the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria. I Like the " fine old English gentleman " that he is, " while he feasts all the rich," King Edward shows I that he " ne'er forgets the poor," any more than I does his Royal consort, Queen Alexandra. if, as in I London in 1897, some provincial millionaire would now come forward witn a ..V.15,000 cheque," anony- mously" tendered or otherwise, the ways and means of feeding multitudes would soon be devised, I although the remaining difficulties would be of no I illusory character. tqupendous, indeed, would be the task, even when lightened by division and sub- divi,ion of authority. In London, of course, each of the boroughs will look after its own dinners,and so confusion and congestion should be avoided. It is in centralisation that the mischief on these occa- sions lies, and it was more or less centralisation that proves to be the:drawback of the scoeme carriedout nearly five years ago. The cost of this latest gigantic undertaking, in the shape of a feast, is estimated at £30,000, showing a generous proportion per head. But it has to be remembered that a con-idern.ble part of the money will be ex- pended not on the viands alone, and on the pur- chase of the propoSecl aouvenir cups, but on the preparations for serving them to the guests. Accord- ing to the King's wish, the dinners will be served simultaneously.

Tuesday's report concerning Si Patrick's Day celebrations in the English provinces, made one think better of his country. To people now living there has always been an Irish question, and the Irish question promises to be with es for many years to come. But though some of the celebra- tions assumed a political lorm,of which no one has a right to complain, it was distinctly observable that their plane had been raised. Scotchrnen have their Burns's Night and their St Andrew's Day in every town of any repute in the English provinces, and it is customary and well for Irishmen in like manner to remember their native land. It is good to cherish the sentiment of nationality, and the predominant partner, personified in John Bull, can afford to not merely tolerate but to encouraza the eeleorations alike of St Patrick and St Andrew. For he knows that his blood is being rapidly mixed by the steady inflow of population both from Ireland and Scotland, to a degree that makes him more cosmopolitan every day.

Severe economists, under cover either of trades- unionism or of Socialism, are raising the question whether there is any need for the elaborate func- tions which, according to the accounts in the daily papers, are to mark the coming Coronation. Why these people do not press the inquiry on their own account, instead of endeavouring to make the trades-unions responsible for it, may be best known to themselves. But it is not necessary to identify ourselves with Toryism because we say the answer to the query is obvious. In the first place, every- thing is to the good that adds to the dignity of toe Crown, and brings the Sovereign into touch win the people; secondly, the King and the Queen are the leaders of Society, and it is to their Majesties that Society looks for guidance and encouragement and, thirdly, the hol ling of a Curt on a scale so elaborate as was described the other day, for irc- stance, means the circulation of vast sums of money. The really economic view of a Court in which all the ancient glories are to be revived should furnish a multitude of arguments in favour ot rehabilitation and maintenance. "The pomps and shows and high solemnities" are therefore juAitied in many ways, and more particu- larly at a juncture when Queen Alexandra has issued the recommendation, which should be a command, that preference should be extended to all articles of personal and general adornment that are produced within the confines of the Empire. Even from this standpoint such as it is, the local Trades Council, or the indivi- dual members whe raise their voices against the magnificent State functions contemplated,only pro- claim thereby their own shortsightedness and lack of anpreciation of the true principles of economy. The effect of this thought! ul recommendation on the part of her Majesty will be more fully experi- enced when the whole country,and even the Empire itself' dons its festal garb for the Coronation. The action of a trades council, or union, that would dis- courage the public celebration of such an event as awaits the nation and the Empire in June next, can only be likened to that which has led to the abandonment of the King's proposed visit to the sister cpuntry, and to a consequent loss in hard cash which is estimated at two millions sterling ! The .Sum may seem gigantic, but it is possibly within the mark. Are they the friends of Ireland who do this kind of thing ? And are they the friends of Englandor of the people in the provinces who would curtail the Coronation celebrations, make them unprofitable to the multitude at home, and a laughing-stock for other and unfriendly natiods ? The narrow-minded view of the "sophist, the economist, and the calculator," is in this instance at least, fallacious.

Butter or water? That was a question asked in the House of Commons the other day, and is one that has been before the country for some time past. The Minister of Agriculture said he should fix a butter standard as soon as those most concerned have had an opp )rtunity of seeing the evidence submitted to the Butter Com mlttee, which evidence was expected to be issued in a few days. But,

without waiting for any further report, " those most concerned" have probably come to the con- clusion that a 16 per cent. water standard has been practically agreed upon. This will be much better than as matters stand at present, when, according to a recent judgment in the High Court, it has been practicilly decided that butter containing the utmost quantity it can be made to hold may still be sold as genuine. Ye Git will leave much to be desired. Indeed thelßutter Standards Committee, judged by an interim report which it recently issued recommending the adoption of this 16 per cent. limit, might as well not have sat at all. If the recommendation is adopted the assumption must be that the poor man shall pay for at butter rates, and " eat "water. because the tradesman has a notice at his door to the effect that all butter sold at his establishment is diluted with water. Factor- ies, with all their methods and appliances for work- ing water into butter, will not be handicapped in the least, while the proprietors of cheap restaurants will be able to 5,311 watered butter, like margarine, with perfect immunity.

Members of the different Regiments of Yeomanry scattered over the country have within the past week been much exercised about the orders receiv- ed for the annual training on Salisbury Plain. The action of the War Office in calling upon so many troops to encamp at this great centre of military training is evidence, no doubt, that the authorities are determined to increase the practical irnowle.ige of the Yeomanry, and this fact is generally and cheerfully acknowledged by the men ; hut to be under canvas from May 7th until May 24th, as the troops in question are expected to be, at a spot which in most cases means a great distance from home and business, is likely to prove exceedingly inconvenient. Probably more will be heard about the arrangements very shortly, and in the mean- time efforts are being pat forth to persuade the authorities to make them as easy as the circum- stances will allow. It is very desirable, for many reasons, that the muster roll should be as large as possible this year, and if for no other consideration than this, the authorities should not require a good deal of persuasion.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FilE EXA MIN ER FRP A V MARC FT 21, 1902.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE CAPTAIN SAVAGE. THE FUNERAL. ADDRESS BY THE REV. JOHN GUNNELL.

Tee grave closed over the remains of C aptaiu Savage on Friday afternoon. Pr:or to the finterment at the cemetery,a memorial service was held in Bswsey- to d Wesleyan eeapel, c onduece roe the Rev J Guneelt (supernumerary, stationed at Penketh), and the Rev C H Elloken (minister at Bewsey-read Wesleyan Chapel). The coffi I was barna on the shoulders of the bearers to the communion rails where it rerte I during the service. Two beautiful wreaths were placed at the bead of the coffin. The service commenced with the singinglof the hymn "0 God our help in ages past." The frst portion of the barisi service wis then read and another hyma "Give Me the wings of faith to rise " was sung. The Rev Jahn Guanell, in the c ,ursl ef an apdreeia- tive ader ,ss,Trid they most not forget that that was a Christian burial. Their dear friend who had been called away from than was a Christian man. Rio soul Wae nourished by Christian hopes. They, his friends, were gathered round his bier to pay him that mark of respect As Christian people they sorrowed—they could not help sorrowieg—britltheirs was not a hopeless sorrow and it FErm9d dedrable when they gathered together under such depressing circumstances, to direct their attention to the brighter side of the question. Nowhere in the New Testament was there to be found the repulsive representation of death that men bad invented. Such phrases as "The ghastly skeleton" and " Toe sweeping and merodesa scythe " were not to be found in the New Testament. Death WAS spoken of in the New Testament as "falling asleep." and the death of a Christian man was simply falling asleep. They had to face the fan thst another of the old standard bearers had fallen ; fallen thank God to rise again, Ano'her mariner had c Ist anchor within the &mired haven. He did not know hew these things affected those who woes getting on in life but sometimes it made him (the preacher) fel lanai}... Many of his friends bad gene and life became lonely as one came nearerland nearer to the grave. OF course the blow came very heavily to those who were listening to his voice and he would like to call attention to one or two mitigating circumstances. First of all there departed friend had reached the appointed man of human life—three score years and ten. They knew what the Psalmist said ateout life tpyond that period being " labour and sorrow." And so it was. It was a sad thine to out-live one's generation and one'a use- fulness. Their friend while be had reached and even passed the appointed span had not grown into feeble- ness or anything apprea,ching second child-hood. Was not that some mitigation of the blow ? Then he was in very active service almost te the last. Nimble in step, cheery in speech and quick in hla manner he remained so until within a few days before he passed away. There was no lingering Mose Furthermore he was respected by all who knew him. His memory was held in the very highest esteem. Were net these consolatory to those immediately connected with their departed friend and did they net come with some com- forting force to every one there ? They sorrowed hut not without hope. Th .re were some people who spoke of death as bnieg a "leap in the dark." It was not that, Rather was it a journey through an underground passage to a world of life. Their friend was now living and rejoicing in that life. After prayer,the organist (Mr WaiSworda) played th Dead March in "Saul."

The procession to the Cemetery was then rc-!ermad. At the broad was a carriage containing the Rev J Gunnell, Rev C H Hocken and Mr F Pendlebury. the was folowed by an open landau displaying a choice col'ection of floral tributes. Immediately following the hearse were the carriages containing the relatives and friends. The chlef mourner present was Captain W A Savage (sco). Councillor W Brough, Mr J W Hayward, J.P., Mr Alderman Roberts, j.p., Mr Alder man Shaw Greer, Councillor F R Roberts, Mr W Win stanley, Captain James SummerhAd, Captain William Summertield, Captain S Summerfield, Mr Walter Jack- son, and Mr James Dcdds (Widnes) were all present on behalf of the Zillah Shipping Company, Limited. Thera were also present Mr McGookin and Mr Reea,representing the Liverpool Shipping Office Mr William Rawland and Mr Alfred Rowland, repre- senting the Rock line, Liverpool ; Mai G Chappell, Mr W Knowles, and Mr Healey representing the office staff of the Company at Warrington ; Mr JohnlMonks, represmting M,wira Joseph Monks and C)mpany Limited ; Mr William Harland of Tranmere and representatives of the crews of the " Z.llah." " G A Savage," "Sarah Brough," " Priscilla," "Merlin "and " Winifred," the vessels of the company ' Amongst others present were :—Mr Edwin Richardson, Mr H G Henshall, Captain George Ratcliffa (Runcorn). Messrs S Hough, W Houoh, J,s,ph Bailey, John tine- worth, J Ashley and J Ashley jun, E Place, J Povey, S G Davey, F Hickman, I Johnson, Thomas Brougb, F Dixon, Thomas B Won, J Smallwood, and others. Toe following blre, the coffin to its last r-sting place : Mr Light, Mr Bighley, Mr A Smallwood, Mr Gorst and Mr Gough. I The following is a hat of those who sent flora I tributes :—Mother. son and daughter; Mr and Mrs Alfred Rowlant, Liverpool; Mr aid Mrs D Atherton Mr and Mrs Haywarl and family; Mr and Mrs J Sha iv Green ; Mr and Mrs A Caldwell; Mr and Mrs Rowland, Runcorn; Mr and Mrs Pooey ; Mr and Mrs J Hough ; Mr and Mrs W Winstanley ; colleagues and members raf the Zillah Company in aff.,ctionate and sym- pathetic remembrance of our chairman and friend the crew of the s.s r. Merlin " ; Mr and Mrs J Bailey ; Mr and Mrs 3 P Taylor ; Captain Tam,,e Surnmerfiela and family ; Mr and Mrs S Surnmerfl,lal 1 and family ; John Unaworth and S ; A and J Small- wood ; Mr and Mr a Fred Roberta ; Mr and Mrs William Rough; Mr and Mrs Andrew ; crew of s.s. "Zillah." Mr Woodward was the undertaker.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL AT NEWTON.

In connection-Wth—th—e-COational branch of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour, a social gathering was held in the Congregational schoolroom, Newton, on TueEday evening. There was a good number present, and the evening was spent in a very pleasant manner, games of various kinds being indulged in, including a ping-pong tournament- Refreshments were handed round at intervals. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH EARLESTOWN.

In aid of the fund being raised for the completion of John's Church. a sacred concert was given in the Mission Hall, Earlestown. on Sunday afternoon In addition to Mr L Forster's orchestra, the follow in contributed songs, Rev J C Matthews, Miss J Roberts, Miss F Jones, and Mr .1 Gibbon. Miss Reid accompanied •

CRAWFORD'S CREA,II OR

CRISP -

AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO A HOESE AT WIDNES.

At the Widnes sessions, on Thursday, William Gallagher, Catherine-street, Widnes, was flnHd 5s and costs for cruelly beating a horse in Waterloo- road on the 13th inst. Police Conatable Killip said he saw defendant beat the horse severely whilst going uphill, and upon examination of the animal a wound was found on the leg, from which blood was flowing, caused by a knot on the end of the whip.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SALVATION AEICY CITADEL.

In connection with the above place of worship a concert was given on Monday evening by a few friends from the Primitive Methodists, and the Camden Wesleyan Methodists. The feature of the evening was a dialogue entitled the " Flower Queen," Miss Annie Pollitt taking the part of Queen In addition to the above, songs were rendered by Misses, Hillidge Hill, Inman, Woodward, and Mrs J Smith, and Messrs Batley, Bazley and Williams Recitations were also given by Mr G Blythe, Miss Leathwood, and Miss Gittens, and a duet by Messrs Betley and Buzley. Mrs Ere occupied the chair, and at the close the Rev W A Byre gave a short address. The proceeds were in aid of the Self- Denial Fund, which reached a satisfactory sum. Tzie attendance was also vers good.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE ON DOGS.

On behalf of the Halton-road football club a lecture was given on Monday evening by the Rev Alfred Wells on " Cave Canem " (Beware of the dog.) TnPre was a good attendance. Mr S Taylor presided and in the course of a vigorous speech re- marked that while he was in sympathy with physi- cal exercise he strongly protested against the introduction of continental customs in this country The lecturer in a most interesting address illustrated by limelight views described the lives of dogs in this country as compared with astern countries. Like human beings there were two kinds,good and bad. The eternal law governed the existence of both that one should grow like the persons whose company he kept. He urged that great dlscretion should be exercised in the choice of companions. A vote of thanks was accorded the chairman, the lecturer and the organist (Mr il Foster) at the con- clusion of the meeting. RUNCORN LIBRARY COMMITTEE MEETING.

The monthly meeting of the Library Committee was held on,Tuesday, Mr T Pope in the chair. Mrs Jones, the librarian, reported that the total issues for the month of February amounted to 2305 in the lending department sad 77 in the reference depart- ment being an increase of 208 and 31 over the corresponding period last, year. The issues repre- sented theology, 36, philosophy, 13 ; science, 84 ; history, 145; poetry, 17 ; fiction, 1812; French, 3 ; music, 14 ; miscellaneous, 241. Tee report was adopted.—lt was resolved that 150 volumes he re- bound on the motion of Messrs Handley and Riley, A vote of thanks was accorded Mr Hatton for com- piling a list of books in the library on Cheshire for Sir John Brunner.—Proposed by the chairman seconded by Mr Cunninghane.—Mr Handley an- nounced that by next week he expected they would have the publications of the Chester Archeological Society since its formation fifty years ago. tie pointed out that the volumes pos- sessed extreme interest and thought it would be well for the committee to be affiliated to some historipal society in order that they might obtain their dnnual volumes. A subscription to the Cheshire and the Lancashire and Cheshire Societies of lOs 61 yearly would enable them to obtain volutnee which would cost the outside putlic 363. Resolved to keep the matter before them for a future meeting.— On the motion of Messrs Riley and Hatton it was decided that the library should be closed on Thursday und not re-opened until Tuesday afternoon.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRESPONDENTI The beautifying of Runcorn proceeds apace. Not content with planting paplars along different roads the local authority has now monopolised the only decent space at the public dispwal and partially transformed it into a flower garden. While cordi- ally appreciating all efforts to stimulate culture and a love of the beautiful and picturesiue among the middle classes a shade of disappointment can- not be suppressed that the Devonshire Square which has been the ground of so many religious political and convivial assemblies will now, practi- cally be bur the " shadow of its former greatness." One remembers that on such festive occasions as Whit Monday, the square, being the largest and , most central space, was the ncurally rallying ground of all the clubs and Sunday schools. Now, however, that a huge triangular piece of ground , has been enclosed by a wire fence, which may be 1 useful but decidedly not ornamental—that is from the standpoint of that art which the originators of the scheme are desirous to promate—the friendly societies and religious organizations will have to find some other spot for trooping their colours.

To a certain extent this bit of garden fresh from the country which will be with us all the year round, will compensate for this drawback. Ere long the poplar, cedar and ash will proudly uprear their heads amid screens of leafy ffliage. Thb tall nacturtium,the brilliant canary and the voluptuous virginia creepers will aid their cunning and intricate thral designs. The humble violet, the delicate pansy, the beautiful rose will throw their lustre and fragrance around. All of which will transform The prosy, dull leaden-hued square of old into*a veritable fairy paradise.M.eanwhile when even ing descends sweet music iwill be discoursed from the vicinity of the shrubs and flowers, while cats innumerable will warble their praises to the moon for such a happy hunting ground having been pro- vided them gratis. Thus Runcorn moves one step further in the process ofevolution

There is sure to be a stiff contest in some of the wards. It is almost certain that three new men Messrs AR Norman,J P., J Hdtsefiald and J Shaw, will seek local honours. The latter gentleman. it is interesting to note is the nominee of the Co- operative Society. And his return is almost certain provided all members of the Society vote solidly for him. It has been stated that the Society having felt aggrieved at the action of the Council respect. ing the question of private slaughter houses has determined to have a voice in the management of the town's affairs. And as they are about the fourth largest ratepayers it seems only fair they should have a part in the deliberations of the city'fathers. It has been stated, too, that it is the Society's intention to run a nifin pledged to their interest at least annually. If this be done— and there is no reason why it should not be dove, Feeing how strong the Society is numerically as well as financially—it is only a question of time before there will be a co-operative majority on the Council. And then the town will be pledged against the individualistic policy with a vengeance.

The Salvation Army are to he congratulated on the result of their self-denial week. The majority of the townsfolk will be astonished to learn that under the superintendency of Captain Younz the total reached the very substantial sum of over £4O being an increase of over £23 on that of last year. Salvation Arrnyites ere noted for their ability to squeeze blood out of stones but rarely has it been demonstraPed better than on this occasion. It is positively astonishing that Runcorn in its present state of poverty should contribute such a magnifi- cent sum even to so worthy an object.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

With Runcorn drawing away in the first round of the cup ties it became necessary for the match to be replayed on the trwell-lane enclosure. The mid. week match created n-i little interest and a largs body of supporters journeyed with the team which has generally managed to give the 'green 'uns " rather more than they bargaine 1 for on their own ground. All day a strong wind had been blowing ' and the supporters of the home contingent breathed a sigh of relief when the sp;n of the coin decreed that Runcorn were to play with the strong and ever freshening breeze. The opening stages of the con- test made it evident that the tactics of the visitors were to keep the leather close and waste time while the " Linnets " chose to play the fast and open game. In spite however, of the dogged deter- mination of the Leighites the attack of Houghton and his merry men was swift and keen. Between the front and rear divisions there was a capital understanding and the combination all round was simply superb. The forward work left nothing to be desired and the rear rank completely disorgan- ized their opponents. Try as they would Leigh could make no headway even in the second half and it was but once or twice that the home colours were even in danger of being lowered. It was simply science versus force and science won. For the visitors Pearson, their energetic full back, !played a fine game, and without his judicious assistance a much heavier score would have had to be recorded. Their halves and threequarters shaped but indifferently at best and never once got into their proper stride. On the other hand the Run-

r cora forwards worked like Trojans and headed by Walker were like deers after tne leather. Jolley played a wonderful game considering that early on be had to retire for some time, badly hurt, while the three quarter line combined in a manner that will make the pride of Spindle-tom look lively if they intend to pile up a score on Saturday. Hough- ton came out too, with flying colours, and, with one or two exceptions, never made a mistake. A word should also be said in praise of Flannagan who played on thawing as neat and safe a game as could be desired. It is satisfactory to note that both tries were the result of combination and sound judgment demonstrating that the passing machinery is as satisfactory as ever in spite of our Manchester critic. The goal obtained by Richardson within the last flve minutes filled up the cup,inasmuch as Leigh had been shying at the posts on every conceivable opportunity. In spite of t,wo or three regrettable occurrences in the shape of disabled men it was a very fair game and everyone must admit that the best team won.

On Saturday,Runcorn Meet Oldham in the second round at home. The struggle will be a keen and interesting one but I think our team will manage to win comfortably with the advantage of playing on their own ground. Oldham are not the team they were and Runcorn's improved form makes a hard nut to crack.

It is stated on excillent authority that a deputa- tion from Oldham waited on the Runcorn Com- mittee at the conclusion of Wednesday's match and asked that Saturday's match should be played at Oldham, offering at the same time £lOO as a golden bait. The committee wisely refused the tempta- tion and the match will take place at Runcorn as previously arranged.

The committee have selected the following team to meet Oldham : Houghton, back ; Jones, Butter- worth, Warder and Flanagan, three-qnarters; Jolley and Richardson, halves ; Walker, Langley. Woods, Moulton, Farmer, Reece, Brookes and Higgins, forwards.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN GENTLEMAN. Mr W J S Eyre, son of Rev tV A Eyre, aas suc- cessfully passed the examination at Liverpool, in connection with the Mercantile alarine, entitling him to First Mate's certificate. SUSPICIOUS DEATH AT WIDNES. On Thursday the body of an eight-months' old child, named James Whelan, son of Moses and Catherine Whelan, of William-street, Widnes, was found drowned in a tub of water by the police. The mother is in custody, charged with cluing its death. RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. The animal members' meeting was held on Mon- day. Mrs Harry Baker presided, and there was a good attendance. After the passing of the yearly report and balence sheet, the election of officers and committee for the ensuing year took place, with the following result :—President, Mrs It Baker ; Vice- presidents, Mrs It Morris, Mrs P Simkin, and Mrs Eyre ; Treasurer, Mrs Rarrop ; Secretary, Mrs Rameron ; and an executive committee of 15 ladies. The branch numbers 79 members an increase of 12 dining the year. FIND IN AN EMPTY HOUSE At the Ruucorn Police Court en Friday three children named Thomas Bailey, Peter Wylde and Sarah Ellen Wylde were charged with stealing jewellery to the value of ..C1 the property of James Gregory.—The evidence showed that the prosecutor had left the house about a fortnight previously, removing his furniture to Sea-lane. The agent in the meantime having tried to let the house left the door open by an oversight, and the defendants had gone in the house and found the jewellery men- tioned some of which they gave to the prosecutor. Information being given to the police P.C. Upton arrested the defendants who stated that the rest of the jewellery had been thrown away.—The boys were discharged and the girl bound over. MEL:tem' MISSION TO SEAMEN. A very interesting lecture was given on Thursday at the Mersey Mission by Captain T Coath, M. M., S.A., ot the sailing ship " Edenballymore " after which an entertaining programme was submitted by a number of friends. The duet " Love me as you used to do," was sung with pleasing vivacity ley the Misses L Shaw and E Coward, while Master L Tonks delighted the seafaring audience with "Our hands have met," "The Fisherman and his Child "was interpreted by Mrs W Shaw, jun., and Mrs Cliffe scored a distinct success with " Ora pro isobis," Miss Saunders was loudly recalled for a striking recital of " The Handy Man," and in re- sponse she gave " Aunt Tebitha." The accompan- ist was Miss Lily Slaw. The proceeds of the gathering are to be devoted towards a fund for the purchase of additional laud to extend the sailors' grave at Runcorn Cemetery. STRANGE CONDUCT OF A MAN AT RUNCORN. On Thursday at the Runcorn Police Court before Mr A R Norman in the chair and Mr la tmison, a strange looking man named Owen Jones who stated he was a wire drawer residing at Warrington, was charged with stealing a handbell valued at 3s, and with begging —lt was shown that the prisoner went to a confectioner's shop in Church-street kept by John Gatley and asked the daughter for some- thing to eat. She said she had nothing and he re- plied he would have either chocolates or the weights on the counter. He then picked up the bell and after ringing it put it in his pocket Prisoner who acted in a strange manner, said that the counter was not a proper place to keep a bell. Somebody pulled his bell last week and its tingle tingle could be heard at a long distance.— The Superintendent said that the prisoner was a very violent man— Ye was remanded for seven days for medical examination. SONS OF TEMpEELANCE, RUNCORN. A meeting of the above society was held on Satur- day, under the presidency of Mr Thomas Clarke. Alter the ordinary business had been disposed of, Mr James Johnson, the secretary, read an interest- ing paper, on the Government's Temperance Legis- lation. He explained the provisions of the Bill introduced by Mr Ritchie, the Home Secretary, which dealt with three distinct subjects, viz. (1), drunkenness; (2), licensing ; (3), clubs. After the reading of the essay there was an interesting dis- cussion' in which the following officers took part : Messrs Thomas Heesom, the president, Thomas It Whyte, D Bisbrown, Thomas J Holt and George Powell. The speakers warmly supported the measures and hoped that it would be placed on the statute book, without being weakened in any way. After an interesting discussion, a vote of thanks was passed to the writer on the motion of Mr T Heesom, seconded by Mr T It Whyte. CAMDEN ANNUAL CHOIR SOCIAL. The annual social in connection with the above choir was held on Thursday. There was a large attendance at the tea, and at the following enter- tainment Mr It LI Posnett occupied the chair. Two quartettes, entitled " Jenkins' compound "and the "Sweet little Shamrock," were effectively rendered by Messrs Pilgrim, Kniveton, Newell and Johnson. whose efforts were rapturously applauded. Miss Davies (soprano) favourably impressed her auditors with " The promise of life" and " Home, dearie home," and Mr J Hinds, a local tenor, upheld his already fair reputation with " Mona " and " For all eternity." Mr W Hopwood, the well-known bari- tone, wee in great request after his spirited render- ings of "Arm, arm, ye brave "and "Revenge." Miss Saunders contributed two pleasing recitations, and Mr James Beck entertained the audience with two selections on the flute, which formed pleasing vari- ations in the programme. Miss Humplareye,another old favourite, gave charming renderings of " The Swallows" and "Angus McDonald," while Mr IL Roberts' fins voice was heard to advantage in " Nirvana " and " Eileen Alannah." The company was well pleased with the all-round excellence of the programme. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The annual gerraOlit4of the above Sunday School were observed on Sunday when the Rev. Ellis Edwards ALA., vice-principla of Bala Theological College preached powerful sermons in the morning and evening before crowded congregations. The afternoon was devoted to a children's service at which the Rev. Ellis Edwards delivered a thought- ful and suggestive address on the words "Oar Father which art in heaven." The address came • during an interval in e musical programme contri- buted by the scholars Besides a number of specially selected hernins,in whichlthe.children's sweet voices were heard with exhilarating effect, Master 0 Pritchard gave the solo " Where is heaven." The girls recited the "Parable of the Pen Virgins," and Misses L Booth and I Warburton combined effec- tively in the duet " When summer outpours her wealth." Miss C Masten rendered " Beautiful flowers," the bops !recited "Christ's entry into Jerusalem," and Masters II Dugdale and F Oath- waits sang, as a duet, " Little eyes, young and bright." The singing did both the scholars and their tutor the highest possible credit. It was, indeed, pre-eminently a children's day. The sing- ing at all the services was entrusted to them, and among their best efforts were " Soldiers of th eMaster," "Soldiers of Christ's own army," an, c Farewell, the children's day must close.' The' ollections realized upwards of £2O.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE NAY AT EAR LESTOWN. [By A CORRESPONDENT] FOOTBALL.

The finest match played on the Earlestown

ground this EeAson was that which took place on Satur lay between the home eleven and Darwen. The day was beautifully fine, but a very strong wind blowing obliquely across the ground greatly interfered with the play, Thrweu '.re an unbeaten team, but they were in 2rtlVe daub; as to whether they would keep up that standard after they had visited Earlestown. Consequently they brought their strongaist eleven,together with a sp-tcial train load of supporters. When the teams lined up it could be seen that they were both keenly eager and the spectators knew they were in for an exciting time. Nor were they disappointed. Earlestown had to face the hill and the wind, and from the I kick off a very fast pace was set. Unfortunately , for Damen one of their backs twisted his knee early on, and he had to retire for a considerable ' time. They however pluckily stuck to their guns and both goalkeepers bad some exciting periods. The men between the sticks were safe, and un- doubtedly saved their respective sides from defeat.

Earlestown were the first to score, and the shot was one with which Armstrong the Darwen custo- dian did not attempt to deal. In fact Danny Whitehouse reverted to an old dodge to mislead the goalkeeper, in which he was successful, and he banged the ball into the net. It was a clearly obtained goal about which there was not the element of a doubt. The equalising goal was not obtained until the second half and the curious point about it is that it was rnt a goal at all.

The referee, however, gave it in as a goal but then he evidently did not see the play.' was stand- ing behind the posts, and saw the ball shot in from the left wing. it was sailing across the goal mouth, and would have gone outside, but one of the Dar- wen players rushing up, met the ball and with up- lifted hands knocked it into the net. Of course several players were clustered about the goal and the referee could be forgiven for his mistake,which, however cost Earlestown a point. Fairly and squarely, Dar wen were beaten, which several of their supp nters acknowledged, but as one of them said " You don't know the Dar wen tricks."

Newton had a slice of good fortune on Saturday. They met Birkenhead on the latter's grouni, and succeeded in defeating them by two goals to one. Newton want a few victories to put them in a re- spectable position in the Combination table.

THE PURCHASE OF A CHEMIST'S BUSINESS AT EARLESTOWN.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Alleged Misrepresentation.

Case at the Warrington County Court.

At the Warrington County Court, on Tbursday,before bis Honour Judge B3wen R3wiands, 8.C., an action was heqrd in which Alfred Albert Barkpr,chemist, of 14, Markrlt-street, Earlestown, claimed £5O dames from Francis Arthur Brown, a cert. dentist practiiind; at Warrington, for frauiulent rnisrepreinntation on thr sale of a chemist's business which he previously con- ducted at Market-street, Eirlestown.—Mr E A White represented the plaiting. and Mr bongton appeared for the defendant.

In stating the plaintiff's case,Mr White told the Court thst by fraudulent misrepresentation, the defendant in- ouc the plaintiff to buy his business of , a chemist, which he alleged was worth £220 for stock and £125 for fittings, wht nag the defendant knew the stock and fivures were worth I very much less. On the 14th December last year, the plaintiff having beard that the defendant wished to dig- pose of his busine s went Co see him. They nad a con- versation in wnich the defendant stated that he had I seen the plaintiff's advertisement and had wr.tten to him offering to sell his business. 'be plaintiff had uot received . the letter at the time but the defendant Lela him thathe I had asked £4OO for his business of a (Mein st and dentist. He would be willing to sell the chemist's busi- ness separately for £375 provided the plaintiff allowed him the use of a rocm for a few hours each week to carry on his business as a deetist The defendant estim- ated the value of the stock at £220 and the fixtures at £125. In addition he wanted £3O for goodwill. The plaintiff examined the fixtures and said he did not think they were worth more than £lOO Defendant said they had been valued at £125. Warn the plaintiff returned home he found the defendant's letter waiting for him. It read as follows :—ln reply to your advertisement in to-day's " C end D lam desirous of selling my busi- ness which I have carried on successfully for 20i years. The:position is the best in the town which is a growing one. I estimate my net profits at £240 per annum. The price lam asking is £4OO. Being a genuine con- cern it will stand investigation. The premises belong to me.lf desired I will retain the dentistry connection.— On the following week, the plaintiff went to see the defendant, and told him that if he would give his word that the stock and fittings were worth the money defendant had stated he would forego the valuation he had suggested althoueh he (plaintiff) did not think the fittings were worth £125. Alter further conversation it was arranged that the plaintiff should pay £3O on signing the agreement, £220 on taking possession and the rem iinder in two years. Mr White proceeded to read the agreement, which be said, showed that the amounts to be paid for the sto .k and fixtures were'separately stated and not at an agreed total figure for the business. The plaintiff t »lc posses- Bien of the business at the end of December and on mak- ing a strict valuation of the stock he found that it was not worth more than £lOO. The plaintiff informed the defendant that the stock and fittings were worth con- siderably less than had teen represented. The defendant did not deny it hut replied " A bargain is a bargain •, it is your own fault." Tne plaintiff rrj dried that the de- fendant mast have known that the stock was short whereupon the defendant stated :that he (defendant) had made a good bargain. The stock and fi tinge were valued by Messrs Tomlinson of Manchester, who stated that the stock was worth £6B /31 2d and the fittings £ll4 163 91, the last named including articles valued at £26 6e 31, which the defendant scheduled as stock. In conclusion Mr White said that in order to succeed he had to prove that the representa- tion was made be the defendant and that the busines; • was bought on the strength of the representation. He did not suggest there had been criminal fraud but there . had been what the law called fraud for the purposes of a civil action although there might not be a fraud for i the purposea of a criminal act on. , The plaintiff gave evidence in support of his solicitor's statement.—lo cross-examiaation he derfe I that the defendant said that what he would sell for would be a lump sum. Thomas C Tomlinson. a member of the firm of Thomas Tomlinson and Sem, chemists' transfer agen's, and licensed valuers, said he had had twenty five years experience in valuing chemist businesses. On • March 13.. h and 14th he visited the plaintiff's premises, and made a valuation. He valued the stock at £6B 8s 2 I,

_ _ For the defence, Mr Loneton stid that on the occa- sion of the first interview the plaintiff suggested having a valuation but the defendant said" I am not going to

sell by valuation at all. I am selling my business, everything as it stands for £4OO, and you can either take it or leave it: His client bad never deviated frona that from beginning to end, and be submitted that if the agreement had not been prepared in the form in which it had—for which he felt all the responsibility unfortunately—the case would never have occurred.. . .

Francis Arthur Brown, the defendant, was then called and stated that plaintiff came over to Earlestown on December 14th. He said aMr Elarrison, of Duanches- ter, had told him that the business would be likely to suit him. Witness told him he bad better have a look round and plaintiff inspected the premises. Eventually tt.-! asked witness what his terms were and h., (defend- ant) told him be would accept a lump eum of £4OO, which would include the purchase of the dental business I PAintiff asked him if he would sell on valuat,-0 terms, land he replied " tr must he a hump sum." Plait.- tiff said he had only £250 or £260 in hand, and in reply to:a cfiestion as to what security ha could give, he said he had an interest in come property. Plaintiff again came to see him on the following Wednesday and hail a thorough look round the premises. Be also 144 w the books, which showed the takines for 1900 to be £575 163 61. Plaintiff took notes from the books. Wirnee.s never told plaintiff what the value of the stock fixtures or goodwill wfts. With regard to the agze?- rnentylaintiff paid £250 ar.d this was put down as the price of stock &o. Tae amount of E 125 which remained owing was appropriated to fix'ir.es. This was done in order that the document should not become a till of sale.

--- - Cross-examined by Mr White: Plaintiff did not ask him anything about the goodwill and stock, and did not irquire how the sum of £375 W 9.9 arrived at. Witness did not know the exact value of the stock but he should say it was worth considerably tore than the amount stated by Mr Tomlinson. In summing up, his Ebrr,ur sCd ha did not think the on the whole, the plaintiff had satisfied him that he had discharged the burden which the law had laid upon him. He had had a very diffilult case, and it had Oben ; very well conducted by Mr White, but it was infirm in many particulars. It was impessible, of course, for any judge or jury to say exactly what did take place, and it seemed to him that, there being such conflict between the evidence of plaintiff and defendant, he ouelit not to fix the defendant with the constqllPllCeB of fraudulent misrepusentation. No dcubt the agreement lent a cer- tain colour to plaintiff's case, but an explanation had been given which was perfect—being consistent with the a zrecment. The whole advocacy of the case was inconsistent with a fraudulent or reckles3 purpose on the part of the defendant. With regard to the amount which plaintiff paid for the business, his Honour said he could not see that the price was an exorbitant one to give for the business as it stood, tie gave judgment for the defendant.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PATRICK'S DAY.

Ce;ebration at Earlestown.

Tao local branch of the United Irish Le ,gue of Great Britain celebrated the anniversary of Ireland's patron Saint, by a concert and meeting. held in the Town Hall, Earleetown, on Saturday evening. The loyalty of Irish- men to their cause is never more exemplified than at these gatherings, when they tuna up in hundreds. Saturday night was no exception, and the hall was packed to its fullest extent. As on previous occasions a good musical programme was provided, the artistes including Madame Bella Reynolds (London and Provin- cial Concerts), Miss Emily Bailey (Manchester concerti), Madame E Toole, Mr John Higham (Earlestown), and Mr Chas. Nearey (Sr. Helens), with Miss Josephine Ruby as pianist. The Earlestown Orchestral Socls te was also present, under the conductorship of Mr A Ashley, and played two or three Irish selections such as "Sham -ock leaves," "Die Irish pilot," and Iristiiiational and Patrio- tic Airs. Most of tem voc.l c ontributionsi were Irish balladeebut the item which rooeed the enthusiasm of , the audience to the highest piech was " Toe boys of ' Wexford " sung try Madame Toole. The ether artistes acquitted themtelves efficiently and the concert was most successful throughout. After the concert, a meeting was held over which Mr Michael Flannaean(president of the leaeue branch) pre- sided and be was supported by Mr Pius J Boland, M.P., for Kerry' and Mr J O'D ud, M.P, for S igo, and most of the offici de connected with the branch. 'The Chairman assured them of the pleas,ire it gave him I, to have the honour of presiding °ter such a great meet- ing of his exited countrymen arid women who had assembled there for the purpose of protesting against the misrule of their native country. One of the great principles of the United Irish League was to cultivate British public opinion upon one of the greatest griev- ances existing in Ireland at the present time, the decrease in the population of that fertile Ithd, propor- tionate with the iocreaee in Great Britain. Be quoted figures in support of his areument. He would aak any sensible minded Englishman if he could honestly say that Ireland had been rightly governed when she had lost her population to such an extent, whilst Great Britain had increased hers. T.sey were told that if Ireland got Home Rule Scotland would want it too. He admitted that it would be advantageous to Scetchmen if they got Home Rule, but he argued that Ireland was in greater need of it than either Scotland or Wales. Sixty years ago Ireland could boast a popula- tion of 5,554,000 more than Scotland, whilst at the present time Scotland could boast of 15,411 more in population than Iraland. Taey might rag that the land had not the capacity to supply an those millions of people, whom, they said, were unfortunately compelled to leave it through the misgovernment of the coentrr. Reading over some statistic., he found according to Sir Robert Cain. that Ireland WRS capable %leder proper management of mainettin,ng 20 million souls ; according to Mr D Beamont, 25 millions, and Sir Robert Ball, who had travelled all through Ireland, 100 millions. Taking 20 millions as the number the country could support, could anYoue honestly say that the country was properly goveraed when she ()plc, supported a little Over four milions, three parts of whom lived in abject misery and poverty? He was Vbound to say that the position which Great Britain held to-lay was chiefly owing to the valour of the Irish people. Irishmen could govern every country in the werei but thfir own. What was the reason ? B.Tause they did not get the chance. They were not there that evening to go into the (por- tion of the war, but for the sake of argument he wQuld ask who snatched the position of this country out of the fire at Glencoe ?—Only Insiomen. He was not proud to have it to say, but at that critical m-ment had it not been for the valour of the Irishmen, who had been forced throlgh circumstances to j,in the Army and take part in the war in South &fries, victory that day would undoubtedly have been with the Boers. Be could say , to them in the words of that gallant patriot, who to-Jay lay on one of Mr Wyndham's plank beds in SI go gaol, Mr John O'Donnell '• we have had no grievance with the British workpeople, our grievance is with the Government." Be advised every son and daughter of Ireland to take home to themselves and families the history of the country so that in the future they would know how to argue peinte with people who were opposed to them, and show them the real merits of the question. They world then know the reason why they were fight- ing and for what reason thy had to fight. Ho asked them not t be trait ore to themselves and their cause. He took little notice of what WAS said by Lerd Rose- berg, who was cleaning his slate. A man with nothing on his slate had nothing to give, and therefore they had nothing to look forward to. (Applaus^.) _ .

Mr Glynn moved "That this' m—eeting' of Irish men and women of E srlestown and district takes this oppor- tunity of recording its most emphatic condemnation of the nefarious policy pursued by the Government in renewing the regime of coercion in Ireland. whereb7 a peaceable and crimeless people are subjected toad 'grant injustice and misrule by the quartering of hordes of police and other forces to blister up the cause of the rapacious Irish lords. That we strongly protest against the imprisonment of Mr John O'Donnell, M.P., and the other leaders of tae people who have so fearlessly via dicated the right ot free speech and public meeting, an we hereby congratulate them on the splendid figLt the have made in the cause of the ;and of the people. Tha we again reiterate our confidence in the Irish Parliamen tary party. aria he-eby pledge them our sincere an beafty co-operatoon and supper." (applause). Mr Luke Murphy seconded. 13e said Lord Rosebery had wiped his slate and he and his followers, who were on.y a very few, had repudiated Rome Rule. They had the solemn Some of hl pledges which got into Parlia- ment they made to the - Bgorinte beishpheiunpdll on the solemn pledge of Flume Rule. They had wiped their slate clean and they had left it so. Whether Lord limebary had changed his mind on Home Rule or not it was not of the least concern to him (the speaker) or any of them. They must make their terms clear to the British public from the pla:fer n as they had little chance of doing it through the Pre ,S of this country. because it had been nobbled on this question,like it bad been on the war. The resolution was supported by Mr J O'Do wd M:P. and Mr R Boland M P., and unanimously carried. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and the singing of " God save Ireland" broureht toe nroneerlingt ta a

TOWNSHIP; MEETING AT NEWTON. The annual meeting of ratepayers for the t3wn- ship of Newton-in-Makerfield was held in the Town Hall, Newton on Thursday evening. Mr John Simpson (overseer) presided and there were three other ratepayers present, The accounts for the ' half year ending March 25th and September 25th 11901 were presented and laid on the table. Messrs W Bridge,W Longton and J Gilbert were appointed IBurleymen. Messrs D Williams and D Forrester were reappointed Common-lookers,although a ques- tion was raised as to their status and utility. A recommendation was made for the consideration of the overseers, that the sal.ary of the assistant over- seer be increased by £lO per year. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

30,000 BLIND PEOPLE have had their sight restored by MELLott, 168, Oxford-street Manchester. The most successful Bye Specialist in England. He has cured after Hospitals. Doctors. and Oculists have failed Hook post free on men coning this paper.—Advt.

CON TA.GIOUS EPIDEMIC.

S')metimes from sudden relapse, or _contagious

epidemic, the system becomes enfeebled, and nerve—s are unstrung. At such a time, a prolonged illnes.s may otter' be saved by an immediate use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Its grand tonic effects after influenza r fever are magic fl, and as a preventive to failing strength, low spirits. loss of appetite, and all chest troubles, it is in.valuable. Aso as a blood purifier and strengthener. Are you a victim to neuralgic attacks or sick headaches? There i 3 no greater specific than Gwilyno Evans' Quinine Bitters the best remedy for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Flatulence. Loss of Appetite, Low Spirits, Sieeplessness, Chest Affections, influenza, and Impure Blood. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is safe, certain, sure, and rapid Pick-me-up. Don't be without it any longer, and keep it by you for use when you want it. The cmnoonents of this great remedy consist of Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- dock, Lavender, and Dandelion, with just enough uinine to complete its marvrllo, s powers. NEED BE 0 APPREHENSION.

There i 3 probably no need for any apprehension as to the state of your health, if you have Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters within easy reach. It puts vigour into all the vital powers, gives tone to the stomach, stimu- lates the function of the liver, braces t le nerves, (maths the patient to throw off all despondency and promotes hopeful exertion. Gwilvm Erans' Quinine Bitters is a seven-fold blessing of Beneficent Nature, compounded with scientific exactness for helping the vital powers of brain, nerves, and muscles, cleansing, the fount of life— tor Blood is the Life—and pr2serving the strength to stand the common attacks of Rheumatism, Gout, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuralgia, and Disorders of the stomach Don't break down for the want of _

trying what Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do • for you. Take it. and you will feel frees in the morn- ing for your day's work. Take it, and you will feel strong in the evening when you leave off. Be cheel ful, enjoy your food and your labour. Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters is used by the Medical Profession, it is a purely vegetable compound, it is absolutely free moii Mercury, it has been tested for a quarter of a century. and it is the Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the Public, but they m•y be clsssified Under twe heads :—The Best and the Rest. Gwilym Evans' Quinine B.tters is the Beq. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in blttles 24 9.1, and 4s 6: each, or will be cent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors, the Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Compsoy, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. When purchasing Trwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters beware of worthless imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans " on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle without which none are genuine.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal.

Mr Thomas A Car, of Rose Villa, Culcheth, hay- ing successfully passed the examinations. has been elected an Associate of the Sanitary Institute, London.

Entertainment at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan

Schools.

On Monday an interesting entertainment was given in the above schools, Mr F Hard.), presiding Recitations and mut•ical items • were given and heartily applauded. The Chairman delivered an address on Temperance, which was very helpful Mr Tindall contributed a reading,and Miss Jackson a song. The concluding item was a dialogue, entitled " Wantei a wife,' which evoked much laughter.

The Late Mrs. Monks

Preaching in Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday morning on the text "Then said He, lo I come to do Thy will, 0 God" (Hebrews x, part of y 9) the R-v John Yonge made a brief allusion to the death of Mrs. Monks. " I think," he said, "we shall like to remember this morning one who has passed from the life of this town since Sunday last All these who knew the late Mrs. Frederick Monite are now bearing testimony to the true godliness of her quiet, unobtrusive, unselfish life. It matters not that she ' followed not with us,' at least in outward profession. Her views of truth and ours may have differed, but none who knew her spirit and manner of life can doubt that doing what she believed to be the will of God, doing her duty in doinp right and living truly, was the sovereign thing with her. She lived not to herself, and her depar- ture will create a void in a far wider circle than that of her own family in whose bereavement we all deeply sympathise." At Caire-atreet Chapel on Sunday morning, before the closing hymn, the minister made a brief reference to the loss which the congregation had suetained since they last worshipped together. They were, he said, all one in their deep sympathy with the bereaved family, and'in their affectionate remembrance of the friend whom, for a time, they seemed to lose. She had many claims upon their gratitude. Her liberal contribution to the support of good works ia con- nection with that place was the least of her gifts to them. As leng as her strength lasted she had Riven of her personal service, and that in no perfunctory way, but with an insight which was the result of sympathy and thought. After referring to specific instances of Mrs Monke'a activity in the Cairo-street institutions and in the town, the speaker said that she had Riven them, above all, a high example of beautiful living, of Christian character. To strength of will she added simplicity, quiet self-control and sweetness if temper. These made up a sr.il in which virtue could grow freely, and in which some of our most besetting faults could not take root. The patience with which she had borne the physical trouble of her late years was a fruit of the strength and loveli- ness of her character. The kindness which was so essential a part of her nature had a peculiar fine- ness of quality; it was no mere carele-a good- nature, but involved a ready and cheerful self- eacrifice,and a willingness to give care and thought in order to make her help effective in the best way She would live in the minds and hearts of all who knew her,as an examole of an understanding gedli- ness.—The hymn "For ever with the Lord "was then sung by the congregation.

DEATH UNDER CHLOHOFORII.-0 1 Tuesday, at Owes- try, a coroner's inquiry was held concerning the death of Robert Prohort, aged 50. of Trefl4ch, who expired while chloroform was being administrrad in the 03W11,- try Cottage Hospital preparatory to an operation. The usual preliminary examination showed that the man's heart was perfectiy sound, but five minutes after in hal- ing the arre:rhetio.breathing became laboured and then ceased. The jury found that elPath was due t) failure of the heart's action, and they expressed the opinion that everything possible was done for deceased.

PJ„ 5

va el

===== 0002601_19020321_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
9 rtrrr) ider s Abat. %L.:et

BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

CHILDREN'S PITIABLE LOT.-MOTHER SENT TO GAOL FOR NELILECT. _

At the Warrington Poli 3e Court, on Saturday, before Mr T Birchen and other magistrates,Ada Love, of no settled abode, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street on Friday evening and also with wil- fully exposing and neglecting her two children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health.—Mr Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and said the society were much indebted for the assistance rendered in the case by Mr Thomas Rigby, who saw the woman on Friday evening with the two children in Butter- market-street. She was helplessly drunk and had been ejected from three public honses. Mr Rigby eventually saw the defendant Close the 'children in an h a manner as to cause him to call the attention of P C Millington to the matter. The prisoner was theta taken into custody and Inspector Hackett sent for. The inspector examined the children and found them la a terrible condition. Neither of them was wearing underclothing They were rosy looking in the face, but their bodies were •'like little skeletons." The children were verminous and there was lice in their hair and clothing. The youngest child's boots were in such a condition as to be crippling his feet. They told a pitiable tale. The girl said she did not want to go bad( to her mother. They left Meer- pool on Monday, and had tramped to Warrington. They had not had more than two meals a day and were out all Friday. The mother did • nothing but drink." When asked for food by the children, she struck the little boy in the mouth. c ossing it to bleed. The woman had been before the magistrates at West Riding and Manchester.—Thomas Rigby, foreman bricksetter, corroborated or Browne's state- ment.—lnspector Hackett said the boy could not stand when his booti were taken off. so sore were his feet. He took both children to the Workhouse.—The girl who is ton years of age stated that all the food they had on Friday a m- asted of breaktast in the morning and a halfpenny worth of chipped potatoes at tea time. She did not want to go with her mother (who was unkind to her and beat her).— Prisoner said she had not beaten the childred and they were not starving for food. She went- into the publichouses to sell Sowers. Th • children were worse off for clothes than anything else —She was sent te gaol for two months.

MELN THEFT BY • HAWKER

At the Warrington Police Cou-t on Wednesday befote Alderman Fairelougliqin the chair), and other magistrates, John Gregg, Gee-street. was charged with stealing on March 13 a quantity of earthenware valued £1 the the prop srty of Samuel Rolaerts, earthenware dealer. 84.Winwick-street. The Chief Constable said that on the 6th lost the pris ,nor, who ' was a stranger to Mr Roberts, came 13 that gentleman say- ing he was pcor and out of work, asking for something to do. He held a hawker's licence. and Mr Roberui accordingly de- cided to allow him to hawk so-ate earthenware for him. He even trusted him with various quantities, aud he paid the money for them after selling them until the 12th inst, when he asked whether he could not have a great deal more goods as he could sell them. Mr Roberts accordingly en- trus'el him withabout £2 worth of eat tteenware and he never sew him again until he was in the hand; of the pOl-Ca, It appeared that on the day he got the last quantity of earthen- ware he was due at Beaurnaris with the militia, and he ha 1 gone there, but as the doctor would not pass him, he seas sent back to Warrington and was apprehended by Superin- tendent Monaghan. When arrested he ssid, " I don't care if I get s.,ven years for it. I sold the things fur 311 and 'pent the money with my pals.' On being charged at the POIiCH btation he offered to pay for the goods.-- Prisoner now said he neVer meant to steal the articles, and he would pay for them. He was sent to goal for six weeks with hard labour.

NEGLIGENT COLLIERY WORKMEN NEAR WARRINGTON.

tho Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, before Captain T Ii Withinaton and Colonel J 0 Ridgway, Patrick Ford and Michael CAttl, burtm wood, were charged Ith being drunk and asleep while in charge of machinery at Collins Green Colliery on the 2nd inst, in contravention o Special Rules 145 and 148 of the coldery. Coin pleads guilty to both cbarg?.s. and Ford only to being drunk. —Mr C H linsworth prosecuted. and said the two men were good workmen.and had been in the employ of the colliery for some time. The company, had,however.heen so troubled with men getting drunk and neglecting their work tat they were determined that an example should be made and a stop put to the practice. He need not point out that defects of duty of this sort might have a very serioos consequence. The defendants were in charge of tte boilers whien were used to generate steam for pumping the water out of the shaft of the mine. On this day they both got drunk and w.re found asleep. He asked the magistrates to ass'st the manager of the colliery to • preserve discipline and to show their sense of the seriousness of their offence by inflicting a fairly severe penalty. —Witnesses were then called. including Polk 3-cons:Able Bateman and Thomas Cardwell the chief eagineer, who said that when the men were found asleep,the steam only showed ?Olb instead of 801 b pressure and an employee came, saying that the pumps had stopped for want of water.—Hach defendant was fined lOs and costs in each, p'ace.—Georges 'Naylor. who did not Appear. was also summened for leaving his work on the 2nd bast., at Colin, Green Colliery, without being relayed —Mr. Unswortir said Naylor had taken the place of Ford when the latter was found asleep. At ten o'clock the sane night he left his work, and had never re- turned up to the present time.—A line of 15s and costs was nflicted.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY—Before Messrs T Birchen On the chair), R T Fairciough, Geddes and Hay ward. UNHAPPY Home LIFE—Jam -a Stubbs, Cross-lane, Latch- ford, was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wi e, Emma Stubbs on February 23th. --Mr Browne prosecuted I and stated that on the date in question prisoner came downstairs and because the breakfast did not " suit him" struck his wife on the side of the head and ma e use of bad lange.age. Complainant went upstairs and prisoner folowed her, and pulled her to the floor by the hair. He again struck her, and also pulled off hi, belt and threatened to e her with that if she die not " take herself out of his sight." Complainant left the boo's and had been too afraid of the prisoner to return—Evidence was given by the com- plainant Saud prisoner havin,4 apoloeised for his conduct, complataaat agreed to an adj aurnment for a month on his promising to behave better In future. MONDAY.—Beiore Mr Birchen (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst and Messrs Hayward, Wright and Thornton. MINOR CASES.—For allowing the chimney of his dwell- house to be on fire on Wednesday evening, Charles Edward Jones. 13 Golden Grove-street, was fined similar fine was imposed upon John Lee, ii Lord-street, for not having a lighted lamp attached to :his cart on the 12th March,— Jonathan Broadhurst, 61 Bostock-street. was fined 6d. for a like offence in Priestley-street on the 6th of March. STREET Seem —Margaret Doherty and Sarah Jane Kirk. 40 Forster-street, and Julia Jones and Sarah Jenks. 33 West- street, were all charged with disorderly conduct in Melville- street at 12.20 p m, on the 11th of Maroh —They pleaded not guilty.—P.o Newey stated that he was on duty near the Horse and Jockey public house whoa he heard a disturbance in the neighbourhood of Orford-lane. On going there he found the detendants shouting and screaming and using filthy language It was one ot the most disgraceful scenes he ever saw in his life.—P.C. Whitby corroborated.—A witness named John Watson, who lives at 40, Forster-street was called by defendant Kirk. He said Kirk was in bed at 11 o'cloek.--P.C. Newsy, recalled, said that wken he went to the house in Forster-street, at ten minutes to one. Kirk was still in the kitchen.—Defendants were each bound over to keep the peace for six months in the SUM of 3.!) and ordered to pay the costs. The bench expressed their dis satisfaction with the evidence of Watson, and the Chief Constable said he wculd make inquiries with a view to prose- cuting him for perjury. A COAL DEALER FINED —Thomas llnsworth, coal dealer, Hall-street was charged with selliag bags of coal uton a lorry the bags not containing the quantity or goal represented, or the Bth March. —He pleaded guilty —Chief Inspector Place said serious complaints had been receive with reference to coal supplied in bags not being off proper weight, it being said that the coal dealers mede up bags of coal by taking coal from other bags on the lorry. Out of the nine bags on the defendant's tarry at the time state tin the charge, there was only one of correct weight. The weight was short to the total eatent of 381bs.—Defendant mid he had to trust to his men for the weights as he had recently been illl and unable to attend to his business.—The Chairman said the peop'e who were being swindled, it could be nothing else, were poor people an the Beton must protect them.--Defendant would be fined 40s. MILITIA MAN IN TROUBLE.—Thomns Edward Cromwell a young militiaman was cla,rgel with falling to appear at Orford Barracks on January 6th to be embodied. —The Chief Constable stated that a couple of days ago the military authorities took out a warrant for prisoner's arrest at Peel. Isle of Alan.—P.S. Chseney proceeded there and apprehended . the man.—Prisoner was remand-al to await th a arrival of an escort, and the officer wag recommended for the customary reward. ARRESTED AT THE WORICIMUSE.—RiohareI Evans, of TO settled abode, was charged with stealing a man's jacket value 4s 6d from ths shop of Messrs G ti and 'll M Jackson, pawnbroker.. Winwick-street.—lt appears that in conse- quence of Information which he received an assistant at the eh ea named John Furness went outside anal saw the prisoner walkl3g away. He followed him to a back street and found that he was wearing the stolen, jacket and was adjusting his own jacket over it. Prisoner was taken back to the shop but as there was no policeman in the vicinity was allowed to go--lot ormation was given to Superintend- ent Monaghan. The superintendent and P.C. Ctough [lade a search in the town without finding the man, but finally they visited the tramp ward at the Workhouse and am-strut him there.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for 14 days with hard labour, Deem( tN Ceranue.--For being drunk in charge of a waggon and two horses in Mersey-street the previous night Thomas Whitehead was fined 5s and costs TUESDAY.—Before Dr. yox. pia the chair) and Alderman

===== 0002601_19020321_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Hutchtnson.

A DANGER TO PEDETTRIANS.—Percy Wells, Knutsford- road, was charged With having been drank whilst in charge of a h.use and cab on Monday evening—P.C. Cooper stated that at twenty minutes past eleven he was on duty in Winwick street. when he and P.C.Stewart saw prisoner coming in the direction of the Central Statlon, driving a horse attached to a cab. He was driving very fast and reek. lessly. He almost kaocke I clown two men and afterwards struck at one o! them With his whip. They waited for prisoner at Pinnet's-hrow, and called upon him to stop He. however, went straight on. They subsequently se w him In King-street and asked him for his name and address. lle was drunk, As he refused to give any name but " Jones " he was taken into custody. On the way to the Pollee Stet: n he used very had language, and threatened to " slaughter ' witness—For the defence William Bill, a cab driver, said the prisoner was not drunk at ten minutes to eieven.— Prisoner was fined 10 and costs.

WEnttEsner.—Before Aldermen Faircbugh (in .th 9 chair)

_ Hutchinson and Honks, ana r Birehall. His 33RD APAICARANCE.—Id&rtin Lvo is, described as a hrWker. was charged with having been drunk and clisordialv in Chair:ill-place that morning.—The prisoner, who is well- known to the police, pleaded guilty to •. having had a sup of drink, but not to being dieorderly."—P.C. Cooper proved the case, and the Chief ConstAble said that this Was the Prisoner's 33rd appearance.—A fine of 5s and costs was inflic• tied A NEGLIGENT FATHER SENT TO FRISON.—S )hn Mannfon a labourer, was charged with having on the 15th February, run away from Warrington, leaving his three children chargeable to the omnaon funds of the Union,—Mr shearer

prosecuted on behalf of the Board of Guardians, and stated that the children were admitted to the Workhouse on the 18th February, the prisozier having deserted them. About three weeks ago the prisoner paid a visit to the Workhouse, an inquired about the children, but he took no steps to have them removed. The Union had been put to a cost of £3 in the matter. The prisoner had not taken care of his family for some time.—He was now committed for a month with bar dlakour.

Warrington Occasional Court. At this Court ou Saturday, before Mr A Frost. William Whitehouse. 19, Cros3le3 -street, was charged with having stolen a fowl, of the value of 23 6d, the property of Mr James Munro. Fir Grove, Latchford on Friday afternoon —Prisoner said he picked it up on the road-side at Latchford.—P C Bennett said he saw prisoner with a bundle, and on examin- ing it he found it to contain the fowl produced. He was taken to the Police itation,but subsequently handed over to P 0 °E.t.a& Stockton Heath.—P C Clarke stated that on making inquiries ahnut the fowl he learned that One was missing from Mr Munro's bouse.—Mrs Munro spoke to the fowls being of a similar kind to those which she kept, and of which one was missing.—Prisoner was remanded until the Daresbury Petty SII3EdOIIII on March 25th.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY —Before Mr L Davies (in the chair) and F J

, Norman. "THEFT BY GIRL.—A young girl named Lily May was charged with stealing underclothing to the value of Is the property of Ann Pugh. The evidence shOwed that the p4soner had obtained the articleslout of the prosecutrix's backyard,and had given them to a girl named Alec Price to pledge. The goods were taken to Mr Irnison's, pawnbroker,Church-street, and were taken in pledge by Mr damuel Miller, manager, , who advanced is 3d on them. Information being given to the police, and suspicion attaching to the primmer who had been seen in .the publics house of the prosecutrix. sergeant Gregory arrested bar. In her possession was found a pawn ticket bearing the nam• of Aldus Price who had pawned the articles.—Prisoner stated that a sailor had given her the articles to wash for him and that he had since gone away on a schooner.—The chairman taking into consideration that it was prisoner's first offence, fined her 15a and costs or in default seven days, Before Messrs F J Norman On the chats), and B Imison. A CURIOUS CASE WSIOLNBALE REmoYaL oF FURNITURE. —Altus Ly thgoe and Ann 8 vans, Gilbert street, mother and daughter, were eOarged with stealing a houseful of furniture and sweery other articles the property of Samuel Lythgeie husband of one of the defendants.—Mr Linaker appeared for tie prosecutor and asked that an order be made for the return oC the artiales.—Samuel Lythgoe stated that after having taxed his wife with unfaithful conduct she left his home say- ing that she had found another man to keep her. She afterwards came hack with her mother, the other defendant, and stripped the place carrying off all the furni- ture to her mothar's.—Witness had bought all the goods and the defendants' bad no right to them. His mother in law after they had taken everything said to him. "Poor Sam 1 We are leaving thee stark naked" To which he replied" On never mind, never mind I am able to stand it" The eafendants contended that the furniture had been partly bought by them and they had a perfect right to it. The came was suikeirned for a weee the parties being advised to settle their differences.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BILE BEANS FOR FAOIORY WORKERS.

A Warrington Woman's Testimony.

To a person in in lanalth, few experiences are more trying than to. be subjected ts loud and continuous noise. Tee noise and rattle of the machinery in Lan- cashire factories is so great that sometimes the workers in toese great hives of industry are compelled after a while to abandon their arduous occupation and obtain a livelihood by some other means of a quieter nature. This was the case with Miss Rachel Francle- ton, who lives at 19, Tilley -street, Warrington. So ill did she becoms wits headache and acute indiges- tion tht she was obliged to give up her work at the factory and take to fustisn cutting. E'en then she was unable to work regularl7, and as the result of her ill-health she was to npelled to stay at hame for seven week,. A course of Chas. Forde's Bile B rena for Rlious- Less was, however, sufficient Co once more enable her to resume her work ml she is now in toe best of health. The following particulars of the case were told to a Warrington hicamioer '' reporter : " Indigestion and severe headache have troubled me very much," said M,ss Frangletoo. " Wuenever I ate anything is was followed by eat -erne pain. In conse- quence of my head aching so badly I was compelled

to leave the factory, and bad to take t 3 fustian cutting. , Even then I could not work regul irly. I also found I could nct obtain any refreshing sleep at night. For seven weeks I was so ill as to be unable to work. Tao do3tor was called in and orerorlb2d fcr me. I took his medicine but it failed to effect a cure,and eventually my Lead became eo racked with pain that I went to the Infirmary for treatment. Even then I could not obtain relief from my sufferings. " One day, however, I read in the Paper how Chas. Forde's Bile Beans bad cured somebody who was in a similar plight to myrelf. I reso'ved to give them a trial and sent fur a box. I commenced taking them and from that time my renvery dates. The indigestion and headache graduslly disapp-ared, and I began to feel better. By the continued use of the Beans the pains left me, and I can now eat my food without any fear of the old attacks. I awaken in the morning feeling rsfreshed after having had a good night's rest anl can go to my work regularly. I can heartily recommend Bile Beans to all who suffer as I did."

Chm.Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness, which accom- plished the above cure are purely vegetable in com- position, and their excellence has been so well proved that many eminent doctors are now prescribin: them largely. They are a certain cure for indigestion, head- ache, biliousness, debility, anee nia, constipation, Piles, congestion of the liver, n3uralgia,fainting fits, attacks of dizziness, flitalenca, pains in the cheer, loins or back, defective secretion of the bile, wasting affections, female irregularities, rheumatism, gout, skin eruptions, pimples, and the hosz of ailments having a common origin in impurity of the blood, a general congestion of the system sal loss of vital forc.s. Obtainable from all chemists or post' free from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 119 and 120, London Wall. London EC., uPrms receipt of prices, is lid or 21 91 per hair (21 91 box con'Ains 3 times Is 41 Bile Beans are sold only in sealed boxss ; never loose.

v , C''' il GI i ' 4 • 4-..:,:, I ;Y; , t.tf, ' ' ' i 1 'r ~,,/ , ? . - / ! r ~; .44.---%\z. --IP 0 1:1 -,_-___ 4, 1 ' .'1 'c.'''' . 1 ;17'1%.117;::!;;;; *;.:77:6;;Hf: .N.,.' c;4;1 /4 , ' ''',/ 11 ';/1.1:1; 11 1 11 1 • / .- i.'""C....41art.1.7:::7,..3: ,: , , k.., • 111 ~,,1

===== 0002601_19020321_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

RECH&IIITZS' TEA MEETING.-1 tsa party and meeting in connectiora with the Order of It chabits.9.tonk place in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Friday. After tea toe meet- ing was presided over by Mr John Ilavlpr, who spoke at lenjh on temperance, and related some interesting re- miniscences of the first temperance meeting held in a little village neer Preston. Mr Htetehins alvispeke,and illustrated his remarks by s)me espniments. The re- mainder of toe evening was devoted to a pro,graname of mut ic.

WESLEY GIIILD.—A. meeting of the Guild was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Illmaday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr Arthur Benrsett. Mr J L Harrington gave a lecture entitled I' On what I have seen." Mr Harrington,who has a forcible and vigorous et 71e, gave a number of interesting reminiscences of his varied career, He served with distinction in the Italian campaign, as a volunteer under Garibaldi, and lon raturnieg to E 'gland joined the Cheshire police, , serving as ervgeant for some years at Lymrn from which place he wee superannuated. He also spent some tioae in Irelialad. The lecture was very intereestinf, and at its conclusion Mr Harrington was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. CHRIST CHZTRCIT.—rha diet confirmation which has ewe taken place la the above church was held on Satur- day evening, when the Lord Bishop of Liverpool attended for the purpose of c mfirentrig candidates from the parishes to the east of Warrington. Thera was a large congregation. Seventy-four candidate' were pre- sented the respective numbers being as follows :—From Padgate, 44 candidates ; Hollinfare, 17 ; Orford, 10 ; Glazebury, 3. These included seven adults. In the course of an earnest address the Bisbee exhorted all pre- sent to cleave to a pErlon, i.e., our Lor3 Jesus Christ ; secondly, to a book, the Bible ; and thirdly to a society the Church of England, which had Existed from Apostolic times, and the orders of which—bishops, priests, and deacons—were founded on the Apostolic models. The followine lodtal clergy took part in the service, viz., the Rev W vicar of Padgate ; Rev E P W-thered, vicar of Hollinfare ; Rev G Feather, vicar of G'az tury ; and th 3 Rev G Vale Owen, of Orford.

A Shefflell publican named Gordon NVAg on Tuesday summoned for haying a mechanical musical instrument on his premisss without a licence. The S.,ipendiary held that a licence was necessary, as the Act did not differ- entiate between the mechanical production of music and the performances of a profeaaional player. In the annual report to the Northwich Urban Council, the Medical Officer reported that's, large number of houses bad become unfit for habitation owing to the subsidence of land which caused rapid dilapidation unless constant lifting was resorted tc. Sixteen [louses had been condemned during the year. In the rural district, out of 17 condemned, 12 were due to subsid- ence,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
1 RUGBY FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN UNION OUP COMPETITION.

The following are the results of the matches in the First Hound of this DorupAition, played on Saturday r G. T. P. G. T. P. Rochdale Hornets 2 0 4 *A.sps.tria Huddersfield *A indhill Leeds . 1 1 5 *Otley *Dewsbury 2 210 Manninghana *dalford . 5 628 Pontefract 1 0 2 Goole . 2 1 7 *Radcliffe .... ...... .. 0 2 6

*Klrkstall *Altriucham 3 2 12 Carntorth ....... ..... 1 0 2 *Bdley *Warrington 0 2 6 Barrow Bradford 4 5 23 *South Shields ...... 1 1 0 *Castletord *Wigan *Leigh 1 LI 2 Runcorn. Oldham 6 5 27 *Maryport *Stockport 3 4 18 Liversedge 1 0 2 Broughton Rangers... 3 3 15 *Keighley *HuL Kiogstou R.— 2 1 7 51. Belenb 0 0 0 *tiull *out. w o 0 d Church ... 1 1 5 ec Morambe ._ . . 1 1 5 _ _ _

.. inwton _ _ _

Whitehaven Nees 1 0 2 .Penrith onited ... 0 0 *iieckmondwike 1 1 5 Birkenhead Wan ... 0 0 0 .Holbeek *Oesett _ _ 1 (.) 2

Todmorden Widnes 0 1 3 *Askam "WaKetiehl Trinit.y ... 1 1 5 Normanton Lancascer *liunslet 5 937 Wath Brow Idle *Home Clubs. • Wednesday's Rep:ayed Ties. GTP G T P *Hunc)rn *Morecambe 3 3 15 o.ltcrood Church... 0 0 0

===== 0002601_19020321_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND ROUND.

The following ia the draw for the Second Round to be played to-day, Saturday. The matches are on the ground ol the first-named club. Rochdale Hornets v Huddersfield. Wind bill v Leeds Dewsbury v Salford. Goole v Kirkstall. Altrlnch am v Batley. Warrington v Bradford. Castleford v Wigan. Runcorn v Oldham. Stockport v Broughton Rangers. •stori Rovers v Hull. Morioentbe • Swinton. l. v • nttehaven Kees. Hectcrnondwike v Holbeek Ossett v Todmorden. Widnes v Wakefield Trinity. Lancaster v A HARD GAME AT WAntINGT Malik " The draw for the Northern Union Cup pitted Warrington against Barrow in tbe first round, and the Furness men con- sequently visited Wilderbpool on Saturday. Both sides had their strJagest available teams, Wareington suhstitutinz RateUrfa for Jones in the centre pnition. Isherwood being unfit for play. The weather was dry and bright but a strong breeze blowing diagonally down the ground somewhat inter- fered with tile play. There were 6,000 spectattrs present and the referee was Mr Ashtn of Oldham The teams lined out as follows : •

Warrington. ; Fish. Ratcliffe. Dickenson, and Harris; Allen and Hockenhall Boardman,J Swift, W Swift, Taylor, Cunningham, Veil and Aldred. Bacrow.—Frocter ; Wilson, Bowker Bowden_ and Walton; Wharton and iCowin ; Treweek, Lloyd, Ciirdwold, Pratt, Brown. Brough, Ireland. anil Cook. Fish won the toss, and Warrington had the advantage of the gale during the first half. Treweek kicked off for Barrow and the first stage or the match was pl .yeri at centre. Rat- cliffa was soon prominent with a dashing run, and she pass- ing which followed sent ths ball in Fish s h ,nds. The latter kicked across to i'sylor. whose pass to Harris went wide.. This, however. put Warrington in a good position,and good passing saw Fish dashing for the line. Wilson. however, put him in teach, but Hockenhall RoZIIIIL got aviay, being only overpowered when near the line. Smart work by Bowker and Wharton took the ball to centre, but again Barrow were sent hack. arid Fish, kicking too strongly, sent the boll dead. The drop out was well met by Hallam, who kicked well, and following op floored Bawrion before he could reply near the line. Walton came away with a strong ran which took Barrow further 1 no the field than they had been since the commenc,ment of the game. Barrow now played up well, and so ne fine pass- ing runs were indulged in, Walton very . nearly getting , through on one occasion, A charge down of a kick of , Oicker.son caused a minor to be forged. A drihble dowa his Taylor. Smith and Boardman at length restored Warrington into more comfortable quarters, and Fish took a shot at goal from a penalty, but just missed. Barrow were, if anything, showing the best , form considering the wind, and frequently re- ' pelted Warrington by vigorous play and strong taalcling. A run by Dickenson looked promising, but his pass to Fish was too late. Soon afterwards Hockenhall got through, and was held on the line. This put Warrington on the attack, an,l a number of stiff scrimmages took place on the Barr iw quarter line. Here Allen passed wide to Fish, who roundel Wilson and sc -wed, loot was hadrly kie cad in doing so. Hallam kicked for goal from the touch line, but the ball unluckily hit the post. Fish was &blip to resume play. Barrow played uo after this reverse. Bowker and Wilaon.by passing and the forwards by good footwor c, caused conshaerable anxiety ta the WA, ring- ton team. A fine kick and follow up by Harris again gave warrington a commanding position, and shortly afterwsr ls If his pass to W 3wift bad not been foeward the latter would have scored. Barrow again played up in surprising fashion. and i was only by smart work by Hallam that they were kept out. Ratcliff a next made a fine run down the field, but his pass to Harris was forwar I, ant the next minute Dickenson got the ball from Rateliffo and doubling in was on the nit wins he was brought down. Half time arrived Un- meliately afterwards, with Warrington having only a try to their credit arid the gale to face ha the second half. _ . .

Swift re-started. ar7,l from Bowker's return the Barrow fcrwards, headed by Treweek, dribbled right over the line, Hallam sending the ball dead. Wilson next ran dowo speedily and was knocked in touch by Harris. A. flue effort by Warrington got them out of a vary tight corner, and Pass• Ing by Hockenhall, Dickenson, and Fish gained a lar,ps atraount of ground. Warrington were now playing better. and the kick across the field by Allen gave ffards a fine ! chance, but h. just mime I the ball, and Walton got away to half-way. Some excltiag play followed, and tae Warrington forwards played with considerably more dash than before. ' Barrow defended well and then Warrington were penalised ! In front of goal. but Beveker sent the ball outside. This was ! a bit off indeed for Warrington. and was followed by a hot ! attack on the Warrington position, cud it looked odds on Barrow equal sing. A mull by Dickenson almost tet Bowker In under the post, and the bail was only kicked dead in the nick of time. Bad fielding by Warrington was the cause of Barrow pressing. Warrington again got into the visitors half, and at length, after passing by the backs, Fish added a second try, and for ills first time in the game Warrington felt really comfortable The sattetreding play was even, and full time arrived with the final score : Warrington, 2 tries (6 points) ; Barrow, nil. ASICaM V. WIDNES Played at Askam. Wi t nes started with a strong wind in their favour, and at once attacked, Tilley having a fruitless shot at goal. Continuing these tactics, Hughes secu ed the ball, ant crossed Cie home line, no goal resulting. At half- time Widnes led by a try to nil. In the second half Askam made strenuous efforts to score, but encountered a stubborn defence. Result :—Widnes 1 try (3 points), Askam nil.

KINGSTON ROVERS V. ST. ligtEss. Played at Hull heft:* 6,003 spectators. The Hovers bet the toes, but although thay had the wind and sun against them they were soon on the attack, and St Helens were somewhat fortunate in preventing the home fullheck scoring a try. Sims unsuccessfully lodged claim to a try, but a score was not long delayed, Morfitt going through the St Helens team in Clever fashion, and scoring too far out for Smith to convert The Hovers maintained their advantage uo to the end of the first half, but there was no further fooling. In the second half St Helens we I hard pressed until Liyorsedge got away at top speed. lie was rery dangerous until he wee overhauled from behind in a' tempting to dodge Smith. Barry and Lewis dropped goals for tip+ Rovers, an t the result WAS—Hull Kingston Hovers 2 galls and I try (7 points), St Helens nil. Teams : Hull Kingston Hovers —I Smith, back ; G li West, 0 Lewis, S Mositt and W Medley, three-quarter becks ; W Barry and W Guy. half backs ; A Starks (captain), A Kemp, J Stephenson, A Windle, W Sims, T Foster, J Geenty and J Rhodes, forwards, St Helens—Foulkes, buck; Doherty. Lambert. Same., and Llversedge, three-quarter backs; Kenueay and Apple- ton. half-backs, W Brie's (captain), Dale, Carney, Lee, Whiteley. Thompson, Green and Johnson, forwards. Referee, Mr T Bruckshaw (Stockport). Touch judges, Mr G Fowler (Leeds) ard P&r G Bruce (HOCk[llolldHiko). LEIGH T. RUNCORN. - -

Played at Leigh, —1;ef;;;:e 4,000 spectators. At the last moment, owing ta a sudden attack of influenza, Bennett. Leigh's finest three quarter and captain, was found to be unable to play, and Devereux, a second teamer. had to turn oat. Runcorn had their usual team. A. strong wind blew from goat to goal, and Runcorn took advantage of this. but Leigh shcwed a stubborn defence.thsir forwards overwhelm- ing Runcorn and getting the ball out almost every time. Moulton tried a scot at goal for Runcorn, but failea, and It seemed probable that the interval woo lel arrive without any scoring, but with only a minute to go, Butterworth dropped a grand goal for Runcona from near the centre Eno The second half was greatly in favour of Leigh. For the most part RuneOrn were penned, and it was only at rare intervals that they raised the siege. light and Causer were each tac'sled outside, and Le;gh had four drops at goal charged down. Four minutes from the fimsh Towers &pal- iced the scores by placing a penalty goal, and the result was a draw of 1 goal each.

IL rye *rope en the tootheri,.;.. every morning

-UN& ,P•riiiAlir -

===== 0002601_19020321_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
3ARTER'S

There Is Security in

ITTLE PIER Small Pill. Small Doie. PILLS Small Price - -- • -

:;.bsolutely —cure Sick Headache, Biliousness, Torpid Liver. Indi- gestion, Censtipation, Dizziness, Furred To.ague. They Touch the cr.

.i"; 0. be me taw 4to p.IgaLLT,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will Sweeten the Breath all day, and make all the difference be- tween—

Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. White Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth Complete in Toilet Too* r9WELIif, ati

RUNCORN v LHIGII-RHPLAYRD UR.

There was a big crowd at the Irwell-lane enclosure on 1/1t ednesiay to witness the replayed cup tie between Run- corn and high. The ground was In capital condition and both turned out with representative teams. There was a strong breeze blowing when the skippers led the way on the field. Hougntan won the toss and elected to play with the wind. Leigh started and Warder returned smartly and scrummaging in mid field left the advantage slightly with the home team, Moulton havinz a futile shot at goal. Run- corn maintained the pressure contestio.! matter, in the visi- tors' 25. A round of passing between dolley.lllobardson,Butter worth and Warder culminated in the latter player scoring a brilliant try at the oorner within ten minutes of the start Moulton failing at goal. For some time pay settled at mid- field, Runcorn failing to make any headway against the stubborn detence. A splendid forward rush resulting in a neat round of passing In d to a scrummage on the line. Run- corn repeatedly gained possession. For a little time the defence was equal to the attaek, but Richardson finding a weak spot sheered through his opponents and scored at the corner, Moulton again failing. Leigh stilt maintained once defensive tactics and a huge poet by Jolleylinabled the front rank to make three dangerous onsl .ughts on the visitors' line where Peareoa save Ila usage Amen style. Faulty kicking 1 t Runcorn in again. just, as they were looking dangerous Jolley was laid out and had lo retire. In ten minutes ha Came on again, during which time Runcorn barely held their own A. passing moveinenb initiated by Jolley, War- der, and Butterworth nearly succeeded, the latter player loiiag the ball on the line, Pearson bringing off a fine save. Leigh shortly were penalized. Jolley making a fine attempt at goal. To half-time Runeun male desperate efforts to score, bat the defence Waa as impregealate as a e Oae wall. and when the whistle blew denoting half-time the home contingent aeie leading by the modest score of two tries te nil The re-start saw matters amtested at mid-fled, Deve realm letting Runcorn in with a poor kick Tall kicking worked the ball into the visitors' quarters where Pearson eaved.With smart tactics the vi >hors gut to close quarters, where Davies dropped fruitlessly at goal. Jolley. with a magnificent drib ile along braids placed the Leigh line in jeopardy. The visiting forward' got tileu ball away, and with a judicious rush tested Houghton. who kiøkel dead. Leigh were now combining splendidly, and but for the sterling defensive work of Houghton, Butterworth, and Jones, must have se)red. Jolley afterwards brought relief. Pear- son being grassed with the ball in his possession' Walker nearly aft -cted a scare, Jolley haviog another penalty Shot at goal. Flanigm came out finely with a run along touch and placed 019 visitors on the defence. Desulfory play followel. Houghton mulled and from the 1 scrum Towers drooped at goal. Flanigan gaining posession I averted danger with a nest sprint. Houghton was again called upon when a for ward rush to th, visitors half enabled Richardson to drop a beautiful goal. Runcorn kept up the Click until time, the geese ending with Runcorn leading by one goal two tries, Leigh nil

===== 0002601_19020321_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR CO;VIPETITION.

Wroerr V. Wimiss. A: Wigan, before 9,030 spectators Neither side gave any- thing away at the outset. A free kick taken by Nelson struck the crossbar and rebounded int) play. Wigan were aggressive, Barr at one time almost getting over. Wigan were excellent in the forwar tlrne but ware outclassed in the backs. After the interval Rothwell kicked a goal from a penalty. Widn.s were agaln penalised, Nelson scoring cleverly. Slips b 7 Wigan almost let Widnes in but Nelson relieved well A herd-fought game ended—Wigan, four points ; Whines, nothing. The match also counts in the South-Nest Lancaeaire Competition

===== 0002601_19020321_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

BEWBEY ALL SAINTS' REsERVE V WARRINGTON ST PETER'S Played at Bews-y before a moderate attendance. St Pctees started pity and ma LA Jeveral atterlibts at goal, but were strongly kept back by the home defenders. Bud-to-end play marred in which one of All Saints' players bad the rni.fortune to get hurt, and had to be taken off the field. Half- ime r—No score. The homesters then pressed, btit the visitors' backs kisked strongly. St Peter's then got possession and raced away with the ball, and Craddock put it nicely through. A penalty was forzed and Phce al sr scored from it. making two goals for St rater's. Final —St Peter's 2, All Saints' nil.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JA.Ad_ES' v. WILDER9P3DT. CENTRAL.

At Arpleo. St James' started against the sun and wind, and Wilderspool were ea rggrassive. Prone a corner the ball was seat behind, but trona the goal kids Dunbobbin gained possession, and seared with a droppirg shot. After this and up to ha If-time St James' were thoroughly beaten, goals being put on by Dun'io bin, Woodhead,mad Macdonald, the score being Wilderspool, lOW goals ; St James', nole Rest trting, l3j, snored from short range, and Gorst following with a second, Wilderspool final'y ran out winners by tour goals to two.

BIRKE:sTrIELD V NEWCON-L1 WILLIWs. CoMBLNATION.

The return match between th a above clubs was played on the Parade ground, Chaster-street, Birkenhead, on Satur- day, in sunny but windy waather. Fast open play fol- lowed, both ends being visited in rapid succession. Si. ken- head from a foul close in preftsed hard, and Foyle shot in but Hatch in goal cleared from him, and also from IVI Ewen, a Newton back, deliberately fisting in the twelve yard's line. Reggie Lloyd made no mistake in the penalty, and the Reds were one up. Newton ran down on the lett, and the ball was swung over to the left. and Hill equalised, giving Vine no chance. Newton scored again immeeiately afterwards,Vine falling to fist away propnly. Half-time : Newton 2 goals, Birkenhead I. In the second half of the game NI Cann came back, and Birkenh.ad had all the test of the game, trying ha”d to equalise but luck was agal. et them, and they could not penetrate the defence. Final —Newton 2 goals, Birken- head 1 goal.

EARLEiTIWN V DAT:WEN, L M./CASH-UV,LEGIIE.

The visit of the pr./apt:dive ahampione and the only unbeaten tame of the league to Bariestownl an Saturday proved a great draw, as notwithstanding the equally we :tiler friliy 3.003 spectators put in aniappearance. The Bariestown Prize Band were in attendance and enlivenei the proceedings by playing sensetions at inteevali Daewen took the field short of Quian,and the f orwart line was slightly rearranged. The visiting skmoer wow ths toe, and set Harlan.° vu to facie ties hill, the wind blowing AVO.II the ground Dawson set the ell in !notion, and the horns forwardi immediately en- , dangeret the visitors' g) ml but Bartley's contra was at fault. Play had only been in pro :re is a few minntss when Pomfret was injured u 1 lied to retire. bit he quickly reappeared. A ' run down by the 0 irwea forwards resulted in Halligan forcmg a corner, which was placed behind by B-idge. The visitors stal kept up the pressure and pretty work by Pom- fret allowed Crooke to get in a lie sutiful healer, waich Grime just managed to tip round the poet. Tree home forwards seemed unable to mike hello/av met it WAS only splendid defensive tactics that prevented the vis Lora from scaring. Barlestown were now having cpdte al much of the play as their opponents, the forwards displaying commendable dash. Barlow was in possession of a splendid oats:ling, but to the chagrin o the home snpparters he shot high over the bar. From a centre by Dawson Halligan banged the leather past Grime, but as he was palpably off-side the point was dis— allowed. Anothercentre from Dasvmn placed Hullige.n is possession of a fine opening, but his shot Was magnificently saves by Grime The players infuse i rather too mac,' spirit Into their play. foals being pre ty frequent. Fortv minutes after the start splendid work by Leacci and Se..tle resulted In a centre from the 111;b3C LOAC4i got the ball, but he-mulled it, and Whitehou:3 rushing up obtainea possession and crashed the leather int) the c'ener of the net. Armstrong making absolutely no attempt to reach the flying sphere. From now to the intery il play was practically confined t 3 the visitors' quarters, and at hill-time the score was : karlestawa, one god ; Darwen, 0. Final : Barlestown, 1 ; Darwen, 1.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
A BAD BLUNDER

All blunders are bad, bur, smos blunders are much worse than others. History abounds in records of colossal blunders, such as the ordse to charge at Bala- clava and the declaration of war against Prussia by France in 1870. The best man is the man who makes the fewest blunders, not the man who never blunders at all—b-cause toar man is not born yet Should such a phenomenon ever appear among US, we should like to know him ; his aeguaiatante would aline be a liberal education.

Toe most frequent and most dangerous blunders we make relate to ouvelves. " Know thyself," is an in- junction difficult to obey, each one of us believing all men .mortal but ourselves_ It thus arises that the first insidious approach of disease is so commonly disregard- ed in the hope rather than the belief that it will of itself pass away ; and so each year valuable lives are lost which rie,glic have been saved, just as on nearly every battlefield some bras e soldier bleeds to death for want of a good Samaritan at hand wit's a tourniquet. Mr Ge,r4e J Buck, of Caister-en-Sea, when taken ill about 12 years ago, did not make tee common blunder ef dis- regarding his condition, but consuite I a doctor, who informed him that his "lungs were going," and pre- seribed for bim accordinzly. From tbis attack Mr Buck recovered, but was esized a second time, and so recently as three years ago the gloomy report of , nine years before was repeated. " I sulered," said Mr I Buck on 20th November, 1901, "with a tightness of the chest and a sharp shooting pain at tr, heart. I became hoarse and had a troublesons3 cough, divti accumulation •F phlegm which constant eff )rts failed to remove. My appetite, at no time great, practically ceased, and the little I ate I was quite unable to digest, so that became practically a wreck. Nothing that was done for me benefited me in the •least, when one day my dear old mother said, George, why don't you try Mothrr Seigel's Curative Syrup ? I have often taken it, and always been the better for it.' To please her I obtained a bottle. It was the best in- vestment I ever made. Three bottles of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup effected my complete cure. lam never tired of telling my friends of my experience,and to any- one whose sufferings at all resemble mine I would warmly cemmend Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup as a sure cure."

The blunder in this case was not made by Mr Buck no by his mother. Mr Buck's lungs are still " going," aud so is the rest of Mr Buck's organization. He did no: have consumption, but had what is oftln mis- taken for it—cltarell of the stomach in other words,' dyspepsia. Which goeg to show how difficult it some- times is to know what ails us.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
--.40---- GRAPPENHALL

CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT GRAPPENHALL CHURCH On Tuesday ef ernoon,the Lord Bishop at Chester con- ducted a confirmaticx ssrviee in the absve chierch,thore being a very large congregation. Aitogether 165- candi- dates were Presented, the number being made up as follows :—Gr eppenhall, 25 ; Stockton Reath,33 ; Dares- fluty, 40 ; Sn James', Late,itord. 23 ; Appleton Thorn, 16 ; Christ Church, Latchford, 18. Tile clergy present were the Revs Richar.l GreenaP, F E Powell,H V Pigot, LJ T Darvveil, F A Scranton F Farrer, G S T Evans, and A N Tayllr. Before and after the ceremony of tho •• laying on of hands " the Bisbop deliver.:d fervent and helpful addressee to the confirmces, end eKhorted them to do all they could to further God's work,

WEINIEWNI

===== 0002601_19020321_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN AND PUBLIC WORK. ---- Meeting at Warrington Town Hall.

There was a good attendance at a meeting of ladies held in the Council Chamber at the Warring- ton Town Hall on Thursday afternoon, under the auspices of the Women Guardians' Association, which has for its object the interesting of women in public work, and the promotion of their election to Boards of Guardians, School Boards Rural and Urban Diatrct Councils —Thelchair was occupied by Mrs Pater Rylande,who opened the proceedings with a brief speeeh. She said sue telt very strongly teat the practical knowledge of women on many subjects which had to b discussed by B >apes of Guardians, Schoo Boards, Parish, Rota and Urban District Councils! might be most valuable in the making of arrangements which effected materially the health, cm-retort, and well- being of their poorer sisters. She knew a great many people objacted to women undertaking public matter and she would be the last one in the world to sueges anything that was not p rfectly legitimate for women to undertake. She maintained that this was a kind of work in which the cc-operation of men and women was mos; valuable. If they could do anything to make the homes of their poorer neighbours more happy and corn- , fortable and make their le; more easier, they ought to ' try their best t do so. By the Local Governmeet Act of 1894 women were invited to undertake this work by becoming Poor Law Guardians,Perish,Rural and Urban D strict Councillors. Eight years had elapsed since that measure became law and so far, only sixty-eight women in all England and Wales had come for- ward to offer their servicee. She believed it was mest likely that most women had not very much know- ledge on the subject and for this reason the Women Guardians' Association had been endeavouring to form , committees and to hold meetings in order to interest women in the work. Warrington was situated between two large Rural Districts, Runcorn on the Cheshire side comprising thirty eight parishes, and Warrington comprising about thirteen. There were several Urban Districts in the neighbourhood, such as Haydock, Nevaten•inselakerfield, and Leigh. No lady had yet set on a Council in the Warrington Rural Distaict, but the Runcorn district had the honour of possessing one lady member in the person of Miss Bessie Duttone who was a member of the Moore Parish Council and\ would have became a member of the Reral Council, had she obtained one vote more. Ihat vote would not have f sited her if there had been a local committee to work the election. (Applause.) Miss ASIITONe a member of the Withingten Urban restrict Council, then addressed the meeting. She said she had been interested in Local Government work for a great many years, in the first instance as secretary of the Women Guardians' Association, which office she had held from the commencement of the Amociation in Manchester. Since then she had taken part in a great many elections and had finally bean elected, two years ago, to one of the largest Camila Councils in England,—that of Withington; which was practically the largest residential suburb of Man- chester. The Council's district covered an area of nine amiare miles, and had a wry large population, 'and much of its work was very similar to that of a Town Council. Miss Aahton proceeded to speak of the work which women could do on an Urban Di Are, Council, and said it was an immensely useful work. She thought it would be useful to them if she referred to the com- mittees on which she found it most suitable and useful for a woman to serve. The chief was the Health Com- mittee, which had to deal with the drainage and sani- tary arrangements of houses and lodging houses, and the ventilation, &e, of dairies and cowsheds. The Committee also appointed the Sanitary leepectors Under the new Faltory Acts the Committee had power to inspect all tee dressmaker's shops, the laundries where machinery was not used, god the bakehouses and confectioners' shops where women were employed. This wes a great extension of the work of the Health Committee of the Withiugton Council and they had formed an entirely sepatam sub-committee on which she had been placed at her own desire, because she felt it more suitable that a woman should visit the various places where females were employed. The Health Committee also had to provide isolation for infectious diseases, and in connection with hmipitale a woman could do a greet deal more teen a man. A great proportion of the patients were amine people and she thought a woman would see , far more quickly than a man all the little details that made for comfort and happiness in a hospital. She did not think women fully realized that much putlic work wasierily a wider extension of domestic work with which they were all familiar. Too msoy people said " What is the work of a woman ? Why should a woman come en a District Council?" The men on the Withington Council were all extremely nice with her when she first became a member, but she knew they were saying behind her back " What does she want to do on the District Council, Why should a woman come to the District Council ? A woman's place is by the fire .vith her cat." (Laughter) At the end of the year, however, the men were the first to say they saw where her work was and were glad she came to assist them. The speaker also referred to work which women could accomplish on Committees which dealt with cemeteries and recreation grounds, free libraries, and technical instruction. Alluding to the latter she said that when she became a member of the Withington Council she asked to be put on the Technical Instruction Committee as she was interested in educetioa. She found the men, with the idea that they were supplying every possible want for girls and women, were running two dressmaking classes and three.ceokery classee.Them they considered amply sufficient. She pointed out to the committee that in these days women had to make their own livelihood and the committee should supply an edacation that would fit them for such positions as cashiers, typists, and clerks, with a knowledge of shorthand writing and many other subjects that the men had never dreamt of as girls' subjects. The men were very much surprised as they thought they were doing so well, and they were very much relieved when she came and said there was a great deal more they could do. Since then the girls had flocked to the typewriting classes in quite as large numbers as the boys. and there were now con- tinuation classes at which the girls might be better equipped to gain their own livelihood. Then there was the School Attendance Committee and she could net say too strongly that there should be no School Attendance Committee without women as members. There was an amount of detailed work that no man with a business of his own could possibly give sufficient time to. Mies Ashton showed what good work women might do by visiting cases and advisiog parents. She also referred to the usefulness of women as members of Parish Councils and in concluding asked that some of her hearers , mould come forward and take a share in public Work. It was a real stern duty that women should take their share as citizens of this c° , look after those interests which the m IviihnitlerY'beainridg willing, were less able to look after (Applause./ Mrs REDFORD, a member cf the Chorlton Board of Guardians, also spoke. She said that as far as hoards of Guardians were concerned, the gee/Mien could never be asked, "Is a woman suitable for this kind of work?" The worth and value of women to the Unions to which they had been elected had been so clearly Droved that the question had become absolutely unnecessary. In her opinion the work to be done was exactly the Fame, whether the Guardian be man or woman. The ratepayers, by a majority of votes, elected a Guardian to represent them, and consequently it deceived upon that individual to do his or her duty as far hfully and conscientiously as possible, irrespective of being man or woman. The speaker pro- ceeded to allude to the responsibility which rested upon Boards of Guardians of administering relief judiciously, and in such a way as not to increase the number of persons applying for it. ' Her experience had tameht her thatjlthe only sure way to administer relief satisfactorily was to try and learn as much as possible about each individual care and decide each upon its own Merits. Speaking of the direc- tions in which women could be of particular value, she said they could be of service as far as the House was concerned. Clothing, Sleeping einem modation, general

cleanliness, ventilation, and the engaging of officiate were Matteis that most women understood, or very soon csuld train themselves to thoroughly understaud. The care of the sick was also a most congenial work for women. The most inte:esting feature of the work, however, was the care of the children. To the children the Guardiane stood exactly in the rnAtion of parents, and how to best deal with the children was one of the problems with which truardians bad to wr fstle. On point on wbicts all agreed was that it was most undesirable that children shou'd remain in the Workhouse or even near,it. They must be fed, el ithed, educated, and started in life, and it was the bounden duty of Guardians to sea that this was done in the best possible way. In cencluding she expressed the hope that some ladies present would feel called upon to give themselves to public work. It was a work that brought its own reward and however much they gave they would receive far more in return. Some discussion took place and a vote of thank bay-. ing:been accorded to the Chairman and speakers, en the proposition of Miss Bessie Dutton, seconclvd by bare Edelsten, the meeting terminated.

Oa Tm•liday afternoon, at Stevens' Rotas, King street, Covent Garden, London, nine specimens of the now extinct Bri'.ish butterfly dispar, or large copper, were offered for gall and brought kigh prices, a female specimen fetching no less than £7. The nine specimen which formed patt of a. collection of Use late Mr Philip Crowly, r2alised £44 6s.

1

===== 0002601_19020321_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19020321_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY- TIME TABLE

DIARCII. FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge.—? 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 20, kl 2 5, 15, 55 t. 35,7 20. Sundays 10,15 a.m. Aitoar and Hillhouss —7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30. a 40, 6 15, IT 15 85 a 9 25. Sundays 931 2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 3 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 1,6,25, 5 20, 720 t 13.. Sundays 2.58, 10 to, 45,11 35 'll_,ondays excepted. bllondays only' kfirmingbam (31Lidland)-5 51, 70.9 68,11 55,12 55,3 7,5 22 55.11 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 420.5 15 p.m Blackburn -545, 835, 956, 11 42. bi 15, 4 50, 6 26,8 50. untitlays 843, a 5 36,6 o.a via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays ,Blaukl3ool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, el 15, 3 50, 4 50.8 28, ' 17, 8 50, 940. Sundays 843. 3356 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. * 01t0n— 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 ▪ 920, Sundays 543 a.m..5 15. 757 p.m. Oarlisle-5 20, is 45. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays 35.9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays „Oheste,7 30, 8 17,9 5,10 23. 1131,12 30 1 40.2 15, 2.20 119, 4 22,5 7,6 4.7 44,10 14, 1136 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 11 35, Oollins Green-7 5. 85, 835, 10 10,12 7' 2 36, 3 40. 515, a ▪ 33,7 8, 7 40, 925, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe—e2 68,63 23, 710, 828. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 '40,7 20, 1134. Sundays 258. 10 154 5.11 35. aSloadays bfdondays only. "axe b, 7379 5 12 259 2 20• 31557• 6 4# P 4410 14 a f 1111,1aY 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. 5 Derby (Midland)-5.51,7 0 8 46.9 58,11 55,12 55, 3 7, 4 17 2'2,6 55,1152. dundays all 15 am,a 480 ,5 15 p.m as spot ".en required Itarlestoan--5 45. 75, 86.8 25.8 35, 925, 10 13 1055, 11 55 L 4 7, 115,2 35,3 403 50.5 15, .° 33,7 2 7 0,9 25,9 55, 10 30 4.0 8 35,8 413.a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 04 p.rn , Fiddler's Ferry .5 Penketh —7 30. 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 55 ° 20 315,6 17. 7 41. 9 43. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Froosham-7 37. 9 10 23. 12 25. 20.3ib.422,57.8 4 ▪44 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston IC' wsla re L4nes)-7 15. 751. 831.9 5. 13 612 0 96r; 2 10. 4 0 529 70. 851. 695. dlO 25.11 39 Sunday 1122, 2 39. 7 10.9 18. 10 18. ddaturdays only 3510r0a7s ex oepted. Plaagow-5 20.9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 4 50 9 55.Sandays 957 ▪ ""ws 210 on Saturday. n Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 45. 1055, 11 65, 1 15. 3 50, 5 15 7 14 Sunda s 8 43. 6 0. ;lough tireen-7 12, 757, BX. 95, a 9 30, 105. 12 0,15 -0.6 u. 5 296 15.76, 715,8 0.9 25.69 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 1,31,11 22239. 918. aSaturclays oalvbSaturdays excepted Irlaut and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 6undaya 8 45, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 935. 5 Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 90, 5 5,8, 10 49,12 36, 114. a 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13. 78, a 7 45, 47. Sundays 8 50, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. „ Liverpool (L. it N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 255. 75. 85, 825 25,10 55, 127 2.35 3.40 5 15, 6 33, 78,740. 9 25,10 30. ..otluday 33, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28. 5 10, 60. 9 34. From gigh Level Platform. aliondays excepted. billon lays only , Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 50, 8 25, 105 11 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 9 1.6. Sundays 9 5, 240, 80 , Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)--7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026, 120. „13, zlO, 3 15. 40. 065. 81, 911. 1030 11 20 11 39. 13„iludays4 30, 530,90, 9 56.11 22,2 60,2 39, 7 10, 828, 9 18 y7_l9, 10 20. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to •"crerpool at 50 minutes past tne hour. ~Lonuon &N. W.)-2 586, a 3 23,7 10, 828, 9 45,10 20, , ;." 57. 1 5,20, 5 20, 11 34. uudays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, I 'Mondays excepted. aldondays only. !tondo's (3didland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37.12 55, 3 14a, 5 22, 00, 611 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 515 p.m. aSattudays 4;3'. 651ondays accepted. 4.osimm (prom Arpley Station.)-6 20. 7 22.8 0,8 35. 9 0.9 55 0,12 3s, 1 14, a 2 25, 3 38. 4 11. 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27 tdaYs 850, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only 94"anchester (L. N.-W.) 545. 75, 86. 8 25, 8 35. 71`, 9 25,10 40,10 55,12 18. 2 29,2 35. 3 32, 4 26 . 5 32. 64 3 ~4 7 8,9 20. 1030. Sundays 3 10,5 6,7 49, 8436 15, 60, 2MM High Level Plattorm. 9 !It4nehestier (From Arpley Station)— 6171 22,7 57, 832 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 38. 411. 613. 78. 927, 11 40. -51;11 8 50, 5 8, 8 12,11 42 10Fachester (Cheshire Lineso-7 0,1 55. 82,8 55, 98, 955 7 63 1128,11 55, 12 55, 155,2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 6 55, 7 8u,1011b6,, 8 15, 8 55,9 15, 9 55, alo 2. all 15, bll 49, all 59 , 10r3's 8 45. 967. 10 14 SO, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 559 25 935 Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Z4B4lewlcs-7 40. 10 20. 2 55. 535.7 20. No Sunday trains I"Locre-7 Z 0,12 5, 1 5,255.5 35, 720. Sundays 1015 ' PA, , 63 10. 5 45,7 5. 8 5,g 35,a9 19. 10 20 6 %.,lu, 10 55 11 55, 12 7.12 18,1 15, 2 59. 3 32. 350, 4 26, 4 15. a Ire 64.3,g 17 9 20. 9 55.10 30. Sundays 31C. 740. 843 am 5 15, 8 c 1.7 97 9 54a via Kenyon Mondays excepted 5 D"d6ate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 835. 1035,11 23, 12 20;1 40,3 55 ..„2. 710, 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45.10 14, 7 44. 5 15. 935 4 reaton-5 20. 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, 1142. 11 55. 1.1 15, 3 60 a 626 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, • iXeavea at 210 on Saturdays. aSaturdays only. '4lfloora-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 155. 320. 515, 6 17, 7 41, iSarikey (tor Penketh)-7 15. 756.95. 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 Pl5B, 40, 5 29,6 16.7 5, 85, 9 25, a 9 40 610 25, Sundays el& 1 2, 2 39, 8 95, 9 18 aSaturdays except,d biaturdays °wisps Only. (0.L.0.) 1 66"eflield (Bald:and) via °Maley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 4,, • 22 55.3 13,4 17, 6 55. Sundays 9 37 a m 5 15,a ruesdays d Thursdays only. 01.11,t Helens— 7.6. 85. 8 25. V. .0. 10 55. all 53. 12 7 8 3e. 2 36 3 40. 5 15, 633. 7 8,7 40. 925, 10 33 Sundays , 8.8 43 .49 5, 2 40. 6 0,9 54 a via Widnes a 3,9*Atiport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 4 31, el 11. 11. 2, 125 . , 4 0, 553 6 15,7 15,8 1,9 25. Sundays 931,2 5, 8 55, a Itturuy only. Pela 15. 7 22,8 0.8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.e2 23, 8;.,' 4 11, 5 18. 613. 7 8.a7 45, 27. Sundayig,, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. ' signlrdays only. From Arpley Station. 1, (Chealaire Lines) —7 56, 95 lb 5, 116. 120. 15, 4 0 5 29, 6 15,7 58 5, 925, a 9 40, 610 25: Sirs- ▪ ' 9 31:2 39, 9 18. 10aSatarday excepted. bSaturdays idnes( L. and N.-W-) —7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 5 15,6 17, 7 46, 9 48. Sundays, 96, 2 40, 80. 2 Wan— 5 20. 645, 75, 8 35, 955, 10 65.11 60, 115. 42 10 22....1 3 50.4 50.5 20. 620,7 17.8 50.9 40.916 6uadays.B 43, Ob, 60.9 54 alasturdays only

TO WARRINGTON FROM. Jkaton Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 852. 10 57, 12 0, 335. 4 45, 720 *34 Sunday,. 7 55, a m 4 42 p m. Wear and Hill house —ll 24,12 41, 2 12. 4 2, 4 13, 5 56, 824, alO 17, Sundays 920, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays 41t._ 43.Pted 0111abam (L. & L W.)-3 10,550 720 5 11, 12 25. 2 Ma 4 405 50,7 25.sundays 310. 1249. 7 0. aThursdays only sa,Praingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42, 850 11 48, 28, ,2,7 15,10 34 11 25, Sunday 415, am 40, 1125 p alsekburn-8 30.10 43. 1230.1 55, 347, 750 a, 9 3, alo 15. Vs, 8 0,222. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston La°oool (Talbot Road) —8 5, 8 45. 9 65, 10 40. 11 40 1 40 • 8 23 7 0,100. Sundays 12.1 35 5 12, 7 37. amkoool (Central)—? 25, 8 25.8 57.10 0,10 21.11 25, 1 5 353 6 50' a 8 is. Sundays? 10, 1 15,4 67,8 25. a leave, aturdays ;,Iton— 6 55, 641 7 55, 835, 9 10. 10 25.12 10. 2 5, 4 15 " 55. 835. a 10 50. Sundays 815 a.M., 65, 925 p.m a , • 43,4 only. le—al2 5. 6 40. 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 140. 4 22, 5 55, 811ndays 12 5 a.m.. 2 0, 8 41.a1.10n I.y, excepted. ,ter-7 25.8 46. 940. 10 12, 10 40,11 40.1 55. 2 10, 30 15 6 38,7 35,810,8 60,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 39,6 55 . 16—"zilr5 Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24. 1123. 9. 4. 1. 5 38„ 6 23, 6 33,7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday ma2u• 7 15 p.m. —4 45. 6 0.6 30 8 13.9 2(3, 11 16, 11 30,2 23. 3• 5 415 B 40, 85, 90. Sunday. 4 55. 7 10. 245 4 10. 920 ti:Tellbury-8 16, 1017. 11 18. 2 52, 5 63, 8 43. Sundays 13,1_4•131. 7 45 p.m. 8 12. 9 35. 10 7,1 12, 3 32,4 0.4 47, 7 5 8 23 7,9 35, C.Ya 1 25. 730.6 21. 655. a /Ixeept Mondays. • 123,4eatown-6 58, 7 13, 846. 9 15, 945, 10 25, 1 lel2 r,` „I 42, '3, 314. 51.5. 5 52, 630 7 33. 8 8 9 20110 36 undays 8 33.9 62,9 57,10 0.3 453 24a Saturday oaly. ; Crlees Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 9 45, 12 3, 29. 327 2.6 64, 9 14. Sundays 8 2.2 57. 52. 0".111am-7 55 9 1, 10 1, 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 538,657.831 Q 7,83-4 6 56,*.m. 720 6.111. Ses3tAm (Cheshir inee)-7 28, 7 54, 90. 9 50.10 43 12 0 11 on 2 11, 32, 4 49, 6. 5 52, 6 al. 724 9 1 Sundays 0. 40.3 9,4 40, 6 51, 854. 86•19-119 0,2 0.2 1, 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 5 50,9 5.p in 5.„.,110rn6-6 44, 8 26.10 12, 12 28 2,41. 438 30 712 V, leu 42 Sundays 9 40. 75. le:91811 Green--7 45.8 10. 99, 10 3. 1055. 1.9 1302 23 s „ " 21,6 7711 7 33 • 15. Sundays 823,9 29, 3 23 4 64, 10. kn.._ and Cadishead (oentral)-7 359 53,4 59.7,3 50, 11 23 I...nye 10 59. 6 53. 8 50. 160. a (7:Word 814 840929,1.02 11. 16, 1 20. al 45. 211 4 65.422. 05 41. 67, 6 49,7 31.0 42 27. Sundays 823 11, 7 23. aSaturdays only. blisturdays excepted. 11.61VerP331 (Ma Barlestown)-42 35. 5 1.1 51. 80. 835.9 25 5. 1 30, 30, 4 50. 5 35. 75. 8 25, 11. 15. Sunday *3 9 20 IR: • 630. a.51611,5aTe only. 53atur36ys only. Widnes (L. & /g.W.)-6 25, 820. 9 5, 9 50, 12 25. 1 25 V 0,3 35 4 20. 6 20.6 5.8 33, al3 45, Suradan 7 35, 2 0.? 15 esSaturasy• Only 411'erpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10, 7 49,8 2), S 10, s'n 935 10 30, 1115.1.1 20.11 30. 11 5) 12 3). 1 0, 30, 2 40 350 a 30. 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35.7 39. 8 30. 111 30 SunuYs 7 50. 90. 2 30.2 50 420630.833.835 „,...don N 15 7 10. 10 25 12 1' 1 2 154 Sundeve 10 0, 5 30, 120 I c e onalicilaricll-5 15. 90.10 5.112 33..9. 9 4 0, 5 0, L 1215. Bane ays 3 15, 120 . aexcept mccdnya 41.431Th1-9 7, 6 32, 9 14, 9 51. 11 8, 111, at 37. 25. 259 1 19.6 41 7 , 9 33,11 19. Sunda, 8 15,2 25 715 1/447433,5 ,26 Y° 0311 v &Saturdays excepted. Is isnellester (L& N )-7 43, 65. 8 30. 95940 10 45 44;1 5. 1 35, 2 40,3 45..4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 75, 8 0, 9 20, 10 40 414,2, 80,8 30, '9 0, 60. 10 40 *"ester tLondon-road)-7 25.759,9 2509 35. 12 351 5a I• 'a a b 5 5. 520, 65, 850. 815. 10 45 buudAys 7 Z 140 11 !38, 'titter (Cheshire Lineal-6 45, 7 20, 8 39. u 3,9 33 4.4,,turdßys excepted. aSaturdays oalv. 0 Ad% • 16. 5 1035, 11'30.12 30, 12 50 13). 2 30, 330. , 430, 9ke 311, 638. 730 8 30. 8 35.1.9 0, 11.0. baindtv 'Zn.10,10.1 0.6 5,6 35 8 30,9 40. a Saturdays only ocan 48. 239 66. 56.9 6'. 11 9.12 14.3 47,5 0.7 33.6nalays.$ ;19, 4 58 64 7 557258 42, 9 8,9 29, 10 9,10 22.11. 8, 12 40 1 68, 1.11 4,i4 48 5 10, 535 5 49, 6 27, 7 7,0. 80 9 15, 955 11 4, '2lladays 8 31. 9 49,100. 3 40,7 20 11 52 aSaturdays t —7 58, 8 28 9 37. 10 20, 11 24, 12 36, 1 40 6 9 32. Sundays 831 RRllpte,• 5 7, 928. •Vbre„ll-8 25. 115. 1 55, 6 55, a 3 55. Sundays, 8106 10 only. k 56. 4 Vnß—q 23 6 55, 60. 8 23, 9 0,1.11.0. 1123.1 2.5 45, W'r), 5 25' 6 10, 6 55. 7 a 5, 359 i 0 Si, lity7 53, ".• 9 5 11,9141, • Yv Inoort-6, 5. in 13,11 5t3 25. 1 53, 2 50. 3 55. 533 7 0 Sundays, 90, 2 0, 8 0, /a 5 4;*89-8 10, 8 35. 918. 9 58, 11.1.1. 1 1.5, al 41. 2 9, -‘9 ' 19 P.; 7 • 37 65. 6 45, 7 3). 9 37, 11 23 Suniays, 8 19, t 1041 • aSatur lays only, biaturdayi exceotei. sx--6. '33, 15,9 26, 9 6. 10 0, 11 22, 12 15, 1 45, 231 52, 5 20. 7 5, 9 0. 10 3r.

:10tr"RCIAL FAILITHES.—AccIrding 'o " liemp',3ll,ler- `t*vditi6n.Ge a.gatte," the number of New laokrupty Pro- Enßland end Wgtem g%zetted during tbe '"tee "mg Mar ,h 1511, was 85. The number in the 4 413 da' -I^2 week of lag year was 97, showing of 9, befog a degrease in 1902, to date, of 29.

, • „ ' • 4(

===== 0002601_19020321_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

. _ Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustratedillook containing valuable Information how all Irregularities and obetructions may be entkely avoided or removed by simple means Recommended by emine Physicians, as the only dee. Sure, and Genuine Remedy, Never W.A. Thonsande of I estimonials. Mr F. BLANCHARD, liaitOn Lane,..Lonsion.

• JOIFS ALKER AISD PRINTE In OF STATEME NT.3. MUNIORANDU:dS SUNIEONSES oLTALOGUES

_ LUDGEFIS JOURNALS DASNBOOKS DAY BOOKS, &c. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE EXAMINER FRID kY MARCH 21, 190`z

===== 0002601_19020321_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
4

iztdEes Figure ProminentV among the in wearing the

lienutifa.l in Construction Conutrneted In accord:me with ph In, undo° t.ressure. but ylett ”.1 the,.Nie supports are l aihreo I:1 1,011 VaIi(ALVV:pi!R 01 Lltetsful r.nd r,undftt app.ralw-.

In.

Pres, 3/1-E, me, ) (Mt duab:e from the Mimi al Prtlers dwAsi lait if aoy Millet:lV in Fiieming, %tic:: agont. , ! Insist on havi:tg they. B. IMPORIANT.--The w 2" of errY •: '-:• -- ''' :• . :tmlutely guaranteed by Cie ,s;

SUI.F. MANI' r.•.cTur:X . . ES . Greet ncoats C - 7.`

Aevan J. AID A. SAVAGE CI-IT:MOE St E immix

Si Fl II I E 0 fa M 1 i vi a i \st z:r ac . ,e .l'ul, :::-Lvj rl 4 , ,7 -.L,.....-.....-....t1V F: 2=Xil ! ' 1f!,..t. 41 i.; • , r . :.. , 'atent -.:-"-- ;:. ..,,,,t,•;, .4

; ': !.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19020321_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ii

===== 0002601_19020321_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Britiants Sr. RI 22 .108

===== 0002601_19020321_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
H

Drilliantg kt Sapphire%

COAd U LE N E TRAPISPA RENT Cel HIT, FOR ALL BROKEti ARTICLES.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
t 7.• udaak Stich, impa'irod

Disordered Liuer &Femaie ibiznants.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN

Why safteri,from pains and misery tensed by Bervousners Premature Bahaustion, ad Wasting Weakness Bend fe my Wok which shows how every man, young and Old, caw be theroughty and quickly cured without STOMACH 1114 D WINE or RIAGTRIOITY. SpOdME7I3 Of lettBT9 rec&ed, owl pear ;Weed "1 cannot lind words 171 express ,n441..ai am. need to think I never would gee curet. I wish I bad seen your a4vertisentent at first, I should have saved many por!acts I nave Carried out your Instruetions..and am now per featiy .

Book sent sealed, post free. for two stamps. J. Ltresr.2 and 93, Great /tassel' Street, Lmaelon, Ballast anise and be cured. 1t Years Continuous Sim:lewd

YOIM ADVICRTISRM ENT in the "Examinar. vtacea it before those whom yeti want to resehancl goes direct to the Public, keeps your name beFore them, servea to make you ettAr anown among them. at a very small oust.

• UMBRELLAS 1 UM BRELLAS LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOB PRESENTS LADIES' & GENTLEMEN 'E W A LKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND NMISHADBB RBOOVBRBD iN RAW! AN HOUR FROM AL SD. • T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY A NbOPPOS IT E CONSTANTINE'S BATHS CXFORD-STREET, MANCHEST

PAINLESS DNTISTRY, WHERE?

LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN ?

EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY PRICE? SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

gOTICH OF REMOVAL. MR. PERCY RANDALL PROF ssoa OF MUSLC. OREFANIST AND CHOIRMASTER OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. HAS REMOVED To WINMARLEIGH SIMERT WHERE HE WILL CONTINUE TO Raogivs PuPILEI FOR THE ORGAN. PIANOFORTE. VIOLIN, MANDOLIN% SINNING, THBORY AND HARMONY. PUPILS CAREFULLY PREPARED FOR EXAMINATION

IN ANT OF THE ABOVE .81.713/ECTS. FEES ON APPLICATION TO 7, WINMARLEIGR STREET, Vi ARRINGION

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND DISPLAY OP

CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &C.

SPLENDID STOCK OF

CRUETS AND ALL RINDS OF ELECTRO rLaTs AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU :TO GIVE US A CALL AND.

LOOK HOUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED,

HOBSENIARKEI STREET, IV ARRINGTON.

JOSEPH AAT OODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSEY-STREET, W6RIIINGTON Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. ALL GOODS MADE ON THB PREMISES FROM ARE AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early,

can choose their own Mottoes.

LANCASHIRE CASH BAK ERY Co.; LTD.

BRANCHES : ••• BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

JOHN EISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN EMSON has been over 36 years with

Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman

Polisher.

PRIVATE ADDRESS :-19. TRYNNE-STRUr '2.

LIGHT! LIGHT !! LIGHT

WHY BIT IN DARKNESS WHEN YOll CAN HIVE AN

INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CIIIMNEY

REIDY FOR FIXING TO LINTY GAS BRACKET FOR IS. 6D. SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 41D, EACH. 45. 3D. PER DOZEN.

NOTE Otiß ADDRESS: THE WORLD'S

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING CO., 17, BUTTERDIARKRT-STRRNT. WARRINGTON.

J. TOOLE,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE

MAN UFACTURER. ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS : —TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

GrEl). WRIGHT AND EONS, LTD.,

DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCRESIBR. .

BY SPECIAL ROYAL 1130. TO HIS .1; WARRANT OF . MAJESTY THEKING. APPOINT RENT •.

AND ALSO TO HIS HOYLL HIGH/IHSS, TIM PRINCIS

OF WALES.

HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A. HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PA PER AN D AGS, B - OROCIVIS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS. TWINES, STATIONERY.

S. VVICAVER,

3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

• CYCLE INFIRMARY IS TUE SEIOP TAKE YOUR "BIKE" FOR ItEPAIRi.

NO YoR TOO SMALL OR TOO DIFFLCIT- LT7 --- ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS.

FREE WBEELs

FITTED IN TWO DAYS. IVIES 103-EIEBERED AND RN-LINED EQUAL TO

===== 0002601_19020321_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
NEV-lig TWO DAT

ALL WORE GUARANTEED.' CyOleo built to order from Perry's Bartle., BAAL.. and hater Lee tttings, Agent for PalmerTyreS.

NOTE ADDRESS. D• kJUEST,

CYCLE INFIRMARY, mEnsEy sfREgT, WARRINGFON.

PRESENTS OF EVERT DESCRIPTION

USEFUL AND LASTING.

AT PRICES' TO SUIT EVERYBODY.

CUTLERY, POCKET KNIV/1:5, ELE'CTRO-

PLATE.

TOY«.

FANCY GOODS.

BBST GO OP S. R gASONABLE PRICES. For Value cannot be equalled.

D. IN EVERY SAVED TO -YOU SAM N. GREEN.

THE FISH MARKET. WARRINGTON. (For upwards of 18 years wilh Skelton's, Ltd,

===== 0002601_19020321_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

Liverpool Scottish Volunteers Enter Orford Barracks.

Arrival on Saturday.

Smart, stalwart soldiers, clad in Highland ccstume, have been much in evidmee in Warrington since Saturday last, for on that day the active service section of the Bth V. B. (Scottish) K.L.R.. entered Orfcrd Barracks to undergo training preparatory to embaikation for South Africa. The official communication notifying the acceptance of the section only reached the headquarters' of the batta- lion at Liverpool on Friday morniog, so that there was little time in which ta prepare for the departure on Saturday. However, the preliminary arrangements were speedily and satisfactorily disposed of, and the men, responsive to instructions assembled at the head quarters, Highgate-street, at 10 a.m. on Saturday. Whilst here Majors Macfie, in the absence of Colonel Forbes-Bell, addressed to the members of the section a few words of advice, and reminded them that in War- rington as in South Africa the honour of the Liverpool Scottish lay in their hands. Shortly before eleven c'cicck the section left headquarters, headed by the pipe and .i.lrum band of the battalion, under Pipe-Major Mackenzio. They marched down to the station to the jaunty strains of the "Cock of the North" and thrir appearance—they still retained their Highland costume aroused the greatest pos. , sible amount of interest amongst the spectators. Cheers were raised and hats and handkerchiefs were wildly waved,•whilst the shrill sounds of the pipes and the heavy tell of the drums completed a send-off which was in every way impressive and intense. The section is in command of Lieutenant John Watson, son of the Rev -Dr John Watson, and on arrival at the seat of war will be attached to the Gordon Highlanders. The section arrived at Warrington at 11.55, and their arrival was witnessed by a large number of people. Toey were met by the Orford Barracks band, and marched to the barracks, where they will remain pending orders for their departure for the front.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington's Fourth Contingent for the Front.

Swearing-in Ceremony.

The Council Chamber at the lowa Hall, Warrington, was the scene of an interesting ceremony on Monday when the focrth contingent rf Warrington Volunteers for active service in South Africa was sworn in by the Mayor (Mr J Charlton Parr). The men, 24 in numbn under the command of Lieutenant Willcocke, son of the headmaster of the Warrington Grammar Sehool,paraded at the Drill Hall in full marching order az, eleven o'clock. They then proceeded to the Town Hall where the cere- mony of swearing-in was proceeded with. The officers of the battalion present were :—Colone. Ridgway, Major Rome (adjutant), Major Buckton,and Lieutenant Ridgway. The Mayor was accompanied be the Deputy Mayor (Alderman Roberts), the Town Clerk (Mr J Lyon Whittle), Canon Willis, Councillor Bennett, and Councillor Smethurst. A number of ladies, includ- ing Mrs Parr, Miss Parr, Mrs Ridgway, and Mrs Roome. were also present. The relatives and Diet& of the men were allowed to witce is the ceremony. The men answered the questions on the attestation form, and then took tne following oath, repeating the worda after the Mayor :—" I---- do make oath that I will be faithful and bear true allegiauce to his Majesty King Edward the Seventh, his heirs and succeissors,and that I will as in duty bound honestly and faithfully, de- fend his Majesty, his heirs, and successors in 'person, crown and cfignity,against all enemies, and will observe and obey all orders of his Majesty, his heirs, and suc- cessors and of the generals and officers set over me, so help me God." They then signed the forms, and were each presented with a King's shilling. TheiMayme,et the concissiru of the ceremony,saiii : Lieutenant Willcocks, non-commissioned officers and men of the PI ince of Wales's Volunteers, it has been with great pleasure and pride that as Mayor of this County Borough I have sworn you in to be soldiers of the regular army because Warrington has nobly performed her part in sending so large a contribution to our fight- ing forces. You have volunteerel to go to the front to maintain the honour of your country and to protect our I rights and possessions which have been wrested from us in South Africa. You will join your comrades who have already distinguished themselves there and we con- gratulate you and appreciate your self-sacrifice and devotion. You will no doubt have hardships to endure and dangers to face but the proud consciousness of serving your country and King will brace you up for all these. Bs staunch, continued his wcrship, and stand truo to your principles. I need not , enjoin courage for I believe courage t 3 be the birthright of every Englishman, but I would urge you to let that courage go hand in hand with discipline, good training, and coolness, for these combined make the Britian soldier the best in the world. lam not sure you will be going out immediately, but whenever you go rest assured that our thoughts and our hearts will go with you. We fervently wish you farewell. God speed you and give you a safe and triumphant return. (Hear, hear). Colonel RIDGWAY said: On behalf of my battalion I thank you Mr Mayor for the very kind words you have spoken to these men. I feel sure they will do what you have enjoined them to do. Those who have gone out before them from Warrington have done their duty and have been well spoken of. lam sure they have come forward to assist in finishing thi& war as soon as pos- sible. I trust they will soon be amongst us once more, but in any case if they are not, you will have no reason to be ashamed of the meet who are going out from Warrington. (Applause.) The MAYOR shook hands with the men as they filed out of the Council Chamber. Then they assembled in front of the Town Hall steps where they were joined by the Mayor and a photograph was taken by Mr T Birtlee. At the conclusion, the men gave three cheers for the Mayor. A large crowd had assembled, and when the men set out upon their match to Orford Barracks with the Volunteer band at their bead, they were heartily cheered. The contingent will remain in barracks unti their departure for the front.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

HEATH oF MR G GARDNER, OF Sr. HELENS, Mr George Gardner, of Park House. St. Ann's, a well- known fi.zure in the town, died on Wednesday after a few days' illness. Mr Gardner fcr many years carried on business as a glassbleuder and ornamenter in Hall-street, and bad reacbed the advanced age of eighty-three years. He was most highly respected, and much sympathy has been eapresied for his widow and family of eight children. The funeral will take plAce tc-morrow at 12.30, at Christ Church, Eccleston. Mr Gardner was a keen sportsman, and had seen sixty firand Nationals decided. He saw every Grand National but ono since the race was started.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE MEETING AT EARLESTOWN.

Lord Newton and Conscription,

A meeting under the auspices of the Newton Division Conservative Association was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown on Monday evening. There was a large attendance. Lord Newton presided and be was sup- ported on the platform by Colonel Richard Pilkington, M.P, T J Gillespie, W Holland, C.B F Horton, R Stone, J.P, and a large number of the rank and file of the Con- servative party in the Division. Lord Newton delivered a lengthy speech in which he reviewed the war, and dealt with the almost threadbare question of conscription, which he considered was the only method by which we ohould be able to avoid the unpreparedness in which we were found at the outbreak of the war. He thought it was a burning shame that two little reputlics should be able to hold us in check for a period of nearly three years, and his remedy for this state of things was some method of conscription. Mr C B F Borron proposed a resolution expressing confidence in the Government, which Me Catterall seconded, and Colsnel Pilkingten M.P. supported. The hon. member's speech dealt in detail with the charges brought against him a fortnight ago b 3 Mr Sam Woods in that hall. He gave most attention to the Miner's Eight flout% Bill which had been defeated by one vote. He said it deserved to be thrown out, as in the form in which it was drawn it was not by any means a fair measure' as between employers and employed. He advoca.ed leaving the miners alone and letting them work as they were doing. The resolution was unani- mously carried, as also was a resolution of confidence In Colonel Pilkington.

The Rev A A Markham, 8.A., has resigned his appointment of Acting-Chaplain to the Ist T.B. South Lancashire Regiment.

-- WAN TIM a Clean Respectable GIRL &bout 16 years for housework. character required.—Apply 3, BOLD 'MEET, Warrintzton.

J-. A. MoRRIsoN,

(LATE STARKEY AND MORRISON),

SEED _MERCHANT.

APPLY SOU CATALO6LTIC 07

VEGETABLE, FLOWER, & FARM SEEDS,

PQBT FREI ON APPLICATION.

GOLDEN SQU ARE, W ARR I N GTON.

RETURNED VOLUNTEERS Supper and Smoking Concert at warrington. --- Interesting Speeches. The bandroom at the Drill Hall, Warrington, pre- sented a scene of festivity on Saturday evening when the members of the first Special Service Com- pany furnished by the 1-t V.B.S. Lancashire Re- giment (P. W.V.) assembled for their first annual supper and smoking concert. It was during the voyage home from the Cape that the idea of an annual re-union suggested itself and met with hearty acceptance, and judging from the pro- nounced success which attended Saturday even- ing's gathering, the company will be well advised in making the supper and concert an annual event Considerable artistic taste had been displayed in the decoration of the band room for the occasion, the names of decisive engagements and places associated with the present campaign figuring'prominently in the form of embellishments of the walls. There was a large attendance of mem- bers of the company and friends, and the proceed- ings passed off most enjoyably. Captain Appleton presided. and amongst those present were—Mr Robert Pierpoint,M.P.,Colonel Ridgway (command- ing Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment), Colonel W W Pilkington, V.D. (St Helens), Major Edelston, Major Buckton, Captain J D Fairclough, Lieuts. Roberts', Ridgway,Williamson, Willcocks and Potter (Quartermaster), Sergeant-Major Rawlinson, and Colour-Sergeant Moore, who went out with the Ser- vice Company. At a later stage Captain Hutchin- son V.D., Alderman Roberts, and Captain Smith attended the gathering.A hot-pot supper was served by Mrs Rawlinson,and ample justice was done to the repast. After supper several toasts were honoured. Captain APPLETON proposed "The King" and the toast was enthusiastically received. COLONEL PILKINGTON AND THE " FIGHTING FORTIETH." The next toast was that of "Colonel Hall, D. 5.0., the Fighting Fortieth, and the rest of our comrades in South Africa" which was proposed by Celonel Pilkington. In the course of his remarks the speake, said that Colonel Hall commanded the company for a considerable time, and he sent them a letter of praise when they returned home. That in itself ought to be a sufficient recommendation to all present as well as to those who did not go to South Africa. He was sorry Colonel Hall's health failed him later on and that he was obliged to i return. Like so many brave men he suffered from ' sickness, which was so prevalent in South Africa Now, with regard to the Fighting Fortieth, Their record had been a long and a very splendid one, The late Colonel O'Leary—(applause)—was one of the greatest favourities the 40th had had for many years, and a very gallent officer he was He believed that while the Volunteer Company were in South Africa they did their work exceedingly well. Fortunately, or unfortunately, they did not see as mum tire as they would have liked to see, but their Captain was pleased to kncw that on several occasions they were under fire, one or two engagements being under dangerous circumstances, and ha was not sorry to say that they came out of them without losing a man. (Applause,) Several, however, did succumb to disease—three or four in Warrington and one in St. Helens—and it was a source of regret that their late comrades were not able to be with them on that occasion. (Hear, hear.) They had a great deal of grumbling now about the great expense of this long and arduous war. It was certainly not pleasant to have to pay such heavy taxes and to have trade more or less injured by the long con- tinuance of the war. but those of them who had not been out to South Africa should remember that what ever they had suffered in England was nothing compared with what the army itself had to go through. (Applause). Thousands of noble men bad been killed or had fallen victims to disease. In conclusion, the gallant Colonel said that their come rades in South Africa were under the commando Captain Fairclough, and he hoped that when the war was over they would return as safely as the first and second contingents had done. (Applause.) The toast was received with musical honours. lathe absence of Major Roome through indisposition the toast was responded to by Major Edlesten who said they did not see the 40th mentioned frequently in the newspapers but to a great r xteut it was due to the fact that they did not go in for any disasters. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) At the far end of the room they saw a name which appealed to them a great deal and that was Platers. He had been recently reading a book which had been written by a French officer, who said he thought the fi.:hting at Pieters was about the best the British forces had done in South Africa, and that opinion came from an unfavourable critic. (Applause.) Continuing the speaker said the Votunteer battalion wanted to be a sort of second 40th. They had in a certain sense intermarried with the 40tbe and they had an excellent stock to build up a battalion which they hoped would, as far ;as a Volunteer battalion could resemble a line battalion, walk in the footsteps of the 40th. (Applause). There was no doubt that example was better than precept, and the men present could do more to bring the;hattalion up to a proper standard than anyone. Be shot.ld like to use that opportunity to ask them to exert every effort to;enable them to stay as long as they could in the battalion, and help their comrades to follow the example of the 40th, in whose honour he had the right for the moment to speak. (Applause.) THE SERVICE COMPANY. SPEECH BY CAPTAIN APPLETON. Colonel Ridgway,V D,then submitted the toast of "The Service Company." He said the last three years had been to him as a sort of dreani,and if in June, 1898,5ny- one had:said that a company of Volunteers would be per mitted to go out to South Africa to fight for their Queen it would very likely have been said, " That is all fiction or bosh," and yet, in 1901, the men came back, having done their duty, and they were present that evening looking healthy and strong, and ready to fight if need be for the new King. (App'ause.) Their owe , battalion had sent out no fewer than three 6 sections, and another was to be sworn in on I Monday. (Applause). The Colonel then alluded , to the anxiety of his officers to serve in South , Africa, and to the difficult matter it had been to make the selection, and in this connection Colonel Ridgway observed that Captain Appleton had only an hour, or , tali an hour rather, to make up his mind owing to the fact that the Fenior officer who had claimed the privilege of going, found at the last minute that he could not go. But Captain Appleton went, and they could not have chosen a better officer. (Applause.) Although he Cthe speaker) could not send the re.ber officers out who wished to go, some of them took the bit between their teeth and went. Three were now out—one in his third year, one in les first, anf two were going out, one for the second time, namely, Captain George Crosfield. (Applause.) These facts showed that there were men who bad not yet had sufficient of South Africa but wished to go out again. (Renewed applause) Re had received a pleasant letter from Colonel Stopford, their commander in camp last year. He had been military secrwary to General Buller—(applause)—in South Africa, and remembered well the 40th. The Colonel wrote :—" 11. D.A.Ges Hut, North Camp, Aldershot, March 11, 1902. Dear Colonel Ridgway,—Your most kind letter and the book ;which you and the officers nf the Ist V. B.P.W.V. South Lancashire 'Regiment have given me arrived here tc-day. Will you please tell the officers from me how much touched I am by their kindness, and convey to them my sincerest thanks for tbis token of remembrance of the time we soldiered together last year. It is a great pleasure to me to possess such an interesting record of the geed work the Velunteer Ser- vice Company of the regiment did in South Africa, as not only does it form a most fitting memento of the time I was associated with the battalion which furnished the company, but because it also reminds me of the time wben I hal the good fortune to take part with the company in that a most interesting march when Sir Redvers Buller drove the Boers out of Natal. I only re- gret that my association with the battalion was ea tem- porary. I can truly say that my fortnight last year at Salisbury ?lain was almost interesting and enjoyable experience. That it was co was due to the fact that the efforts to make the meat use of the time at our disposal were so ably seconded; by the non-commissioned officers and men of the brigade, and by none more so than by the battalion under for your command. I also wish to thank you personally for the very kind terms of your letter which I prize so much, that it will be preserved by me as carefully as the books which it accompanied.— Believe me, yours very sincerely, FRED. W STOPFORD," (Appla us Captain A PPLETON responded.eelt wag, he said, his very earnest desire that this annual gatheriogawhich was proposed on Board the Custodian on the way home should be a success, and his thanks were due to Colonel Ridgway, Colonel Pilkington and others who had come forward that evening ag }launch their first gathering. He thought that the gathering was a succeis. Be was sure they would share with him the regret he felt at not having with them their senior subaltern,Lieutenant H H Lewis. Nothing but a very urgent ;engagement had kept him away ; he had, in fact two engagements. He was resailivg te Tasmania on Tuesday to fill a good Eappoidtment a metal- lurgist to a smelting company—(applause) —and be bad also contracted an engagement with a lady inaLondon. (Laughter and applause.) Be was sure they would ill join with him in wishingLieutenaut Lewis and the lady who would shortly become Mrs Lewis, all happi- ness and prosperity. (Applause). Their dear friend Lieutenant Robson never forgot them, and he had writtee to him from Vrybeid, where he was engaged in work at the block-houses. Although be was a life mem- ber, a permanent member of the,4otb, he never forget

that he was also a member of the Service Company. Pay-Sergeant Killen was at Aldershot, and to show how the company was becoming scattered he would say that Private F Hughes was now in the Life Guards, Private W Taylor in the Grenadier Guards, and Private r Massey in &title Africa. In the Yeomanry, the 32nd Battalion, the same battalion with which Captain Cros- field was going out, were Bugler Catteral, and Privates Earle and Griffiths, and amongst those ;going out in the further detachment were Privates Warburton and Thomas. Their death-roll had been slightly increased during the past year, and to their great sorrow they had lost Lance-Corporal Hodges and Private Grady, and he was sorry to say that Private BArke, was in a very critical condition. He was now in the Liverpool Chest Hospital. The Captain then proceeded to speak about the clasps which bad been obtained by members of the company for service at the front, and he assured his hearers that Colonel Ridgway and Colonel Fitzherbertl had done allj they could to remind the War Office about them. He had no doubt that but for the enormous work and anxiety at the Office the matter would have been attended to. They , must exercise a little patience, and be had no doubt they would soon get the clasps,which they would highly prize. The Colonel had just told him that he had written again about the matter only lest week. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman added that the Mayor was to have been tbeir guest that evening, but be bad written ex- plaining his;inability to be present in the following terms -t—'• Grappenhall Heyes, Warrington, March Ist, 1902 Dear Captain Appleton,-1 would willingly have accepted the kind invitation of your Cold Volunteer Ser- vice Company ' to the supper and smoking concert on Saturday, the 15th, which I am sure I shouid have en- j iyed, but I find it all I can do to compass the day work of the Mayoralty, and am obliged, however re- luctantly,to f3rego evening festivities as far as possible. So I am sure yoar committee will appreciat I my reasons if I am obliged to decline with many thanks their prof- fered kindness.—Believe me, yours very truly, J CHARLTON PARR."

Colour-Swgeant Moomr also respondAd, and said that during theltime the company was ia Africa no one could have behaved in a bett.r manner to his men than Cap- tain Appleton did. He acted as a gentleman, and the same remarks applied to Mr Lewis and to Mr Robson. Ile(tka speaker) felt sorry he could not .stay in South Africa until the company came h)ine owing to ill health.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY MARCH 21. 1902

HONOURING THE DEAD

Mr R PIERPOINT, M.P., submitted "Our Wien com- rades." He said that it seemed hard to have to propose such a melancholy toast—if toast it be—at that festive gathering ; but, at the same time, he thought it would be a mistake unless that night they markedly remember- ed these who had been left behind in South Africa. As they knew, they could not engage in a war without expecting to lose men ; they could not possibly go ttrough such a long and persistent war as this bad been without finding death putting his chilly band on a great many, and those connected with bat company had lost their comrades like the rest of the Army. They always hotyd that when a great danger had to be incurred by those with whom they were intimately connected,and in whom they took especial interest,that somehow or other they would get off scot-free and conic home safe and sound. But, of course, it was sometimes ordered other- wise, and when they rightly, even on festive evenings like that, threw their memories back to their comrades who were dead,they could not forget such a aims as Cl. O'Leary,the pride of his regiment, and the way in which he died. (Applause.) Nor did they forget—and he hoped they wouldlkeep their memories green—such men as Captain Birch, Lieut. Raphael, Captain Lynch, and Lieut. Kane, and the men of the 40th. The men they had to particularly mourn in that town were Privates Blackwood, Sudlow, Fishwick, Woods, Richardson, Hodges and Grady. He knew that four men were left behind and that two had died since, and that one of Captain Fairclough's men had succumbed too. He remembered very well—and he was deeply touched by it, ha thought it was at the beginning of last year—that the members of the Company were good enough to send him a postcard wishing him " a happy new year, and thevcomplinaents of the season." He was particularly touched because it was not a common card—something that could be bought—but had been done by hand, and on it was the roll of the company, with the captain at the head, and perhaps the most touching of all was that there were two or three names entered as men who had fallen out. He would fain believe that these men who had lest their lives, bravely fighting the enemy, or succurn:nng to equally deadly disease, somehow hail a special mission given to them b maintain and preserve the honour of old England—

To preserve it as pure as itwas given They did whilst they'd breath, Nay they grasped it in death, And returned it untainted to heaven. (A pplauae.) He would ask that in honour of the dead, the toast should be drunk in silence and that" The Last Post" should be Founded.

The company drank the toast in silence and the, sounding of the " Last Post " had a very solemn effect.

" THE GUESTS."

ALDERMAN ROBERTS AND THE RELEASE OF METHUEN. Sergeant HOOXE gave" Our Guests" in place of Ser- geant Marsh, who had to leave _

- Major BIICKTON replied on behalf of the military, and said the town was proud of the Active Service Company, and he could assure them that every member of the battalion envied them'and would have been glad of the chance of going out. It seemed to him that if all the members, from the youngest, would remain in the bsttalion till the long service medal had been received they might have an opportunity which no other men could have of influencing the rest of the battalion for good. (Applause.) The Service Company had had experience others had not had, and it was that experience which would benefit the batta- lion. (Applause.) Alderman ROBERTS, also responding, said he thanked the Chairman very sincerely for the honour he had done I him in asking him to be present at that the first of what be hoped would be many h-ppy reunions of this sort. This old town to which they were all so much attached had nothing to look back upon regretfully with I regard to its conduct. He was sorry to say that in some towns the funds provided in the early excitement of the war for the maintenance of the wives, children and de- pendents, were not being maintained with that regu- larity and generosity with which they ought to be main- tained. But that could not be said of Warrington, because whenever an appeal bad been made, no matter what the object had been, so long as it was associated with the necessities ef the campaign, the people of the town had responded in a manner which did them infinite credit As long as the war lasted— and God grant it might soon be brought to an end—and as long as there was any necessity to provide funds, he was sure they would be forthcoming. He regretted that their excellent Mayor was not with them, but he was not as strong as some of them, and he had to avoid unnecessary night work. He had, however, a feeling as cordial as any of them possessed in regard to the welfare of that battalion. (Applause.) It was impossible to prophesy; the good old Yankee phrase tad it that it was not well to prophesy until they knew—(laughter)—but it was very probable the war would not last long, and one of the features which had characterized the operations of the last week to some extent went to prove that. Among the many lessons the war had taught them—and there had been some splendid ones that in their pride and prosperity they were s• ntowhat inclined to forget— was to respect the genuine Boer. He was saying noth- ing about the off-scouring of Europe, who bad dis- graced civilization by the outrages they had perpetrated, but when they remembered that a man like General Delarey bad acted as he had done, and bad liberated Methuen without any conditions so far as they knew, it gave them a better and a higher opinion of the men whom they had to fight in South Africa than they other- wise perhaps would have had. (Applause.) In con- elusion, the Alderman said it was time the war was over and that their enemies recognized the inevitable—that it was useless to hope to restore themselves to the position they formerly held. If they would recognize that fact South Africa would open up such a future es in their wildest dreams they had been incapable of imagining. (Applause.) THE FOURTH SERVICE COMPANY.

Colonel BIDOWAI submitted the health of Lieutmant Willcocks, who is to be in charge or the 4th Section of Warrington Volunteers for South Africa. He said that If the company found it necessary to do any fighting be hoped they would do their duty by the 40th and not disgrace the Ist Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment. Lieutenant Willcoctis was cne of the officers who wiehei tu go to the front when the first company was formed, and be (the speaker) was very sorry to have to deny him then. Be bad got his chance now. and he (Colonel Ridgway) felt sure that if Lieutenant Willcocks was well secondonby his men he would do his duty. Be came of a good old stock and would not disgrace it, and when he went out to South Africa he would have the good wishes of every man in the battalion. (Applause.) In r,sponding, Lieutenant Willcocks said he would do his utmost to maintain the reputation already made by the first service company and he hoped that utmost might be worthy of the traditions of the battalion. There was still plenty of room in the secton for any men wbo wished to serve, and one of his regrets was that more men who had previously been out, had not VOl- uoteered again, more of them would join the sec. tion it would be reat help. During the evening an excalent programme of songs and recitations was submitted. Mr Levi Richardson gave a pleasing rendition ef the service company song which describes some of the experiences of the men en routs to and at the front. The chorus, whieh was joined in by the company, and went with a capital swing, was as follows : Shoulder to shoulder, hand in hand, Comrades for ever and aye;. Death'" Lest Post " shall ne er disband The old 40th Service Company. Mr J Emson created much amusement with his humorous songs " I'd like to go halvss in that," and " Heigh up, it's coming !" and was heartily applauded Mr E A Sanders recited "The Livcrwing Testimonial." and " Isn't it tarnation strange ? "in first-rate style. The proceedings closed with the singing of " Auld lang sync"

===== 0002601_19020321_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL

The Pollution of Sankey Brook. Winwick Asylum Sewage to be Turned

into the Brook.

A meeting of the Parish Council of Great Sankey was held in the Board Schools, Great Sankey, on Thursday evening. Mr G Thompson presided and there were also present :—Messrs T Balton, J Fulton Smith, Joseph Kilshaw, and William Taylor, with J Smith (clerk). THE *INP7ICIC SEWAGE DISPOSAL DIFFICULTY.

Tbe Chairman thought it wa.4 a great pity that tht Winwick As lum sewage difficuly• had teen discussed in cominit,me hy the Rural Dietric: Council because it 11 handle poett the Parish Council to a great extent. If they had known sooner they might have taken action. Mr II .itm did not think they could have done any- thing sooner. lie made the matter public as soon as he , possibly could. He told the Rural Council that he was sorry to see the busitv si conducted in camera. He thought it detrimental to the public interest for public matters to be discussed in private. He regretted that matters bad turned out as they had done. The Rural District Council had given their consent to the construc- tion of the sewage pipe from Winwick Asylum to Sankey Brook at Longford and the result would be that the solid matter from the Winwick Asylum would be turned into the brook, untreated- He believed the Local Government Board would not allow it. As soon as the Asylums Board 6tAit.cl the works, the Local Govern- ment Board would put their foot down and suppress the whole thing, The Rural District Council would then be called upon t ) pipe the whole length of the brook from Longford to the proposed sewage farm of the Corporation near the river side, known as Grim3haw's farm, or pipe it to the river. If the Rural Council had followed his (Mr Halton's) advice they would have entered into an agree- ment with the County Council and the Warrington Corporation for the three bodies to pay equally towards the cost of piping the brook. The cost would now fall upon the Rural District Council and it would mean an increased rate of 3d or 41 in the £ on all the townships in the Warrington Rural district. lithe solid matter were allowed to enter the brook it would be a very serious matter.

The Chairman : How will it be when the tide backs up and floods the fielns ? _

Mr Halton : It will be all over the fields. Mr Taylor : Toe firlds will be a sewage farrn then. _ . _

Mr Fulton Smithi: Has any authoritipower to dump down their sewage just where they like. Mr Halton : They cannot do it without the consent of the Rural Council and the Council have given that concession :o the Winwick Asylums Board. The Council was sdyised by Mr Jeans that they had a good case against the Asylums Board to compel them to treat their own sewage before putting it Into the brook. He could not understand why the Council had granted the concession.

The Cnairrnan thought the Lmal Government Board would protect them to a groat extent. Mr Fulton Smith : Surely we have a locus staudi to send a protest to the Local Government Lard. The Chairman thougat it would be better to leave the matter to the parish meeting and get an opinion upon it. This course Was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COST- OF THE PARISH COUNCIL.

The Clerk, in ausiva• to tue enairnilni, said the ex- penses of the Pariah Council during the past year did not exceed one twentieth of a penny in the £. This was considered very satigactory.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARISH MEETING. A Resolution of Protest Passed.

Thompqnn presided at the annual :parish meeting which was subsequently held. There was a good attendance.

The Chairman, at the outset, gave a resume of the work of the Parish Council during the past year. In commenting upon the collection and delivery of letters, he pointed out that a great improvement had been made in the ptstal facilities of the di ctrict through the action of the Council. With regard to the pail system, this matter had been discussed, but it was a question for the Rural Council and not for the Parish CJuncil. Arrangements had beer] made with the police authorities whereby the police sergeant Woald reside in Rood-lane. An attempt was made te get better booking facilities at the railway station, but it did not succeed. The Council opposed the scheme of the War- rington Corporation to erect a sanatorium at Great Sankey, and although they were not successful it. their opposition, they were assured by the Local Government Board Inspector that Lathing would be put into the brook that would be detrimental to the interests of the township. Reference was also made to the steps taken with reference to the numbering of streets, the improve- ment of the lighting of the roads, the water supply and the burial ground.

Mr Snoddy was of opinion that an economical arrangement could be made with the Penketh night- soil contractor for the removal of 'the night-soil at Great Sankey. Mr Halton stated that arrangements were being made which would be s itisfactory. At the request of the Chairman, Mr Hilton then informed the meeting as to the action of the Warrington Rural District Council in giving permission to the Winvvick Asylems Board to enter the sewage of the new asylum into Sankey Brook. Such action, be said,would be detrimental to the district and all the districts situated near the brook. It was nothing less than a scandal that solid matter should be allowed to enter the Brook from such an important institution a the Winwick Asylum. He hid opposed it fr)rn tn first but he had stood alone in his opposition at the Rural Council meetings. He was assured that the War- rington Corporation was prepared to treat the sewag which they shot into the brook, and the St Helens Ger- potation were taking steps to deal with their sewage by putting down plant. The Rural District Council were themselves guilty of putting sewage into the Brook and matters would be worse now that the Win. wick Asylums Board had been given permission to d ikewise.

Mr Tongue asked whethrr the rewage from Winwick AlyMen was being run into the brook at the present time?

MI Halton : No; It runs on the open fields near the Asylum. Mr Bnoddy suggested that the mectmg should send a strong protest to.t the Local Government Board.

_ Mr Joynson asked if there was any likelihood of other authorities joining in the protest ? Mr Halton said he believed the Corporation of War- rington would take action. Mr William Furness poitted out that it would be tbsurd to ask the Corporation to take the matter in hand before they had dealt with their own sewage which entered the brook. He suggested that the Parish Council nhould send a protest. The Cha•rrnan . Would it not be better for a deputa- tion to wait upon the Health Committee of the Warrington Corprration P . .

Mr Furness : The Health Committee ha e done all it can to stop the St Helens Corporation from putting offensive matter into the brook, but the Warrington Corporation's hands are somewhat tied owing to the fact that they put a large amount of sewage into the bro4k.

Mr Halton : I have the assurance that they intend to treat their own sewage. Mr Furness : Until they have done so it is 113 use seeing them. Mr Snoddy said the Local Government Board was bound to take note of any grievance which was submitted to them. He would move that the following resolution he passed : " That this meeting protests in the strongest possible manner against ths Rural District Council allowing the Warrington and Sankey Brook, which runs through a populous neighbourhood becoming an open sewer, and calls upon the Local Government Board to protect them from the danger of a public epidemic and hopes the call will not be in vain." Mi Unsworth seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Mr Snoddy expressed his approval of the action of Mr Halton, and thanked him lot his valuable services. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman sal the Parish Council was materially assisted in its opposition against the proposal of the Warrington Corporation to establish a sanatorium by several ratepayers who were not members of the Council, but who were appointed on the Committee by the parish meeting. In moving that the committee be disbanded he would like to propose a vote of thanks to the gentlemen who asaisted the Parish Council. Mr J Fulton Smith seconded, and the proposition was carried. Mr William Farness replied. The Chairman alluded to the meeting which had been held at Warrington that day with reference to the ap- pointment of lady guardians. One of the difficulties in rural parishes was that the two offices of guardian, and rural district councillor were combined in one person. It was putting a great task upon a gentleman to take both appoint- ments aud another objection was that they hardly over found a gentleman thuroughly interested in both objects For himself he would prefer tc be a poor law guardian rather than a rural district councillor. He thought the , two offices ought to be separated and he would move a resolution asking the Local Government Board to make the two offices distinct. Mr T Halton seconded and the proposition was unanimously agreed to.

DIE GLEN SPEY DIE3T/LLEIY, situate in the finest hisky-producing District of Scotland, is tho property of W and A Glibey. This Whisky is made entirely from Home-groWn Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in His Majesty's Bonded Warehouses ts mature,and eold by W and A Gilbey's agents in every town at 3. 6d per bottle. MOTOR BICYCLES.—The "Bayliss Thomas Excel- sior " Sole Agent.laf sGa.awaen,Bridge-st, Warrington. " PREMIER " & I" EXCELSIOR" CYCLES at 10 guineas, Free Wheel. 2 Rim brakes,GAßLawn, Bridge-et II M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC IS Tag ICING OF TONICS.-63, SANIEY-STREET, Warrington.—(Advt.)

===== 0002601_19020321_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Confirmation at the Parish Church.

The Lord Bishop of Liverpool administered the rite of confirmation to 203 candidates at the Parish Church, Warrington on Saturday afternoon. There was a crowded congregation. The number of candidates pre- sented was made up as follows :—St Clement's Mission, 70 ; St George's Mission, 60; Grammar School, six ; Clergy Daughters, six ; rest of parish, 61. Bsfore and after the ceremony of laying oa of hands the Bishop delivEred helpful addresses. Theo Rector(the Rev Canon Willis) also took part in the service, and the other clergy present were:—The Revs E J Wilicocks(Grammar School), A S Cameron, G W Dickinson, and A F White.

Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket-street.

On Sunday the opening anniversary sermons were preached morning and evening by Mr T R Whiteley of Manchester. Mr Whiteley is well kown as an evangelist and soloist, and during the services kave In hie usual earnest and robust style several well-gel ctecl solos from Moody and Sankey's book, the choir and congregations heartily joining in the choruses. In the afternoon a splendid cantata entitled " Lion of Judah " was render- ed by an efficient choir, assisted by a string baud. Col- lections were made at the close of each service in aid of the church funds. On Monday evening an excellent tea was provided by the members, after which there was a grand concert consisting of specially selected music, recitations and dialogues got up by Miss Minnie Thornton, and Mr Sheath- As usual the concert was a great suc- cess. The following is a copy of the programme : Recitation, Miss tltacey," Nelly the match-girl" ; song, number of young girls, " Marionettes " ; recitation, Miss Hands, "Willie's letter " ; 'cello solo. Mr Jackson, Adagio E Tarantella ; solo, Mr T Hughes., " When other lips" ; recitation, Mr Sheath, " The sacriligeous gamester " ; duet, Miss C Dealey and Miss L Morris, " Love of life " ; solo violin, Mr A Bennett ; recitation, Miss Lucy Sheath, "Oh, Daddy, you've killed me " : recitation, Miss Rawls, " Aunt Tabitha " ; glee, Mr R Cook, Mr J H Thornton and Mr T Hughes, " Jenks' vegetable compound" ; duet, Mr A Bennett and Mr J Jackson, violin and 'cello ; solo, Mr R Cook,"Will those love trie P " ; dialogue, Miss Littlewood, Mr Hughes, Mr Wakefield, Mr R Cook, and others, "The two pictures" (Ist A drunkard's home, 2nd A telotaier's home). Mr II Thornton was chairman. Mr J H Thoretan presided at the piano. At 10 o'clock the meeting was closed by votes of thanks and singing the doxology.

Wesleyan Methodism at warrington.

Quarterly Meeting.

The quarterly meeting in connection with the War- rington VVeeleyan circuit was held in the Lecture Hall, Bewsq-road Church,on Monday. The Society Stewards of Bewsey-road (Messrs Povey and Winstanlev) provided tea. The Rev T Bishop took the chair at 6.30. There was a large gathering of members, and the Senior Cir- cuit Steward, Mr J W Hayward presented the accounts, which showed a loss of about £4 on the quarter. A long discussion took place with reference to the condition of Hatton 'Jhapel. It was eventually decided to sell the property and apply the proceeds to erecting a new chapel in another place in the Circuit, unless the Hatton people were prepared to carry on the work. The Chair- man presented his numerical statement,which showed a membership of 890. The Rev G H Carnson,of Birming- ham, and the Rev R Wilkins Bees, of Manchester, were heartily and unanimously invited to take the places of the Rev T Bishop and the Rev C H Hocken respec- tively, these two gentlemen being compelled by confer- ence rule to remove to other circuits on September let, 1902. The Chairman reported that Warrington and Blackpool were the only circuits in the Liverpool dis- trict which had not redeemed their pledges to the Twen- tieth Century Fund. The meeting determinod to be dissociated from Blackpool in this matter at any rate, and amid a scene of considerable enthusiasm the mem- bers cf the meeting promised an additional 120 guineas, thus practically completing the fund. The Chairman nominated Mr GY W Littler as a candidate for the minis- try and the meeting accepted him. The Rev C H Hocken presented the foreign hnission returns. The income for the past year was £241 12s lid" being an increase of £9 113 7d on the previous year. Miss Bessie Dutton, on behalf of the Moore Church, invited the members to Moore for the June meeting. The invitation was heartily accepted.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Mr. Abraham Haworth.

Reference by the Rev. John Yonge.

At Wycliffe Congregational Cnurch on Sunday morning, the Rev John Yonge preached a powerful discourse based on the t, xt, Then said He, In, I come to do Thy will, 0 God," (Hebrews Ir., part of 9. v.) Do not let us rashly conclude, he said, that obedience to the will of God does, necessarily or invariably, mean deprival and failure and poverty even in this life. Such is not the teaching of the Bible. It is not the teaching of human history. The men who have gone forth into life with tbe fear of God before their eyes have not been always failures in the world. Not a few of them have been amour; the most successful, even judged by the world's standards of success. Last week there died in the South of France a man whose name is not I unknown among us, who lived not to himself, but to God and for his fellows. Abraham Haworth, one of Manchester's most successful sons.passed away on Mon- day at the age of 72. Ile began life in humble circum- stances entering one of the leading business houses in , Manchester as a junior clerk, passing ou and up until he became the senior partner in the firm he began with as a servant. He was a Sun lay school lad at Hope ' Chapel, Salford; then a teacher, church mem- ber, busy and devoted worker and helper and supporter, filling every office in the Church, except that of minister, and continuing until the eno I of big days a loyal servant of Christ in connection with every branch of 9i5 service. Quiet, modest, unassum- ing, r stiring, never putting on airs because be had I some to possess large wealth, ever using his riches as a trust and laying them out generously for the service of Christ and of men. It(sveted throughout the world of business, above suspicion in public life, spiritual and devout in religiou—Abraham Haworth, beyond ques- tion strove all life through to do the will of God. Man- chester mourns his lose as truly as Liverpool laments the loss of William Rathbone. Many a poor, friendless lad has teen helped in the world. Many a widow's heart has he made to sing for j ay. Many a broken-down pastor has he enabled to rest and recuperate. Many a minister's son has he helped to educate. No religious society in our bady at any rate. Was missed his assistance. Large means have found large expenditure in doing good. And never has his character either in world or church received a stain. He "served his generation according to the will of God, and now he has fallen on sleep." llt is well we should think of him to-day for he has many times dealt generously with this church. But specially we rcay point to him as an illustration of how a life devotedly obedient to the will of God does not mean necessarily a life that fails in the werld. It cen- t radicts the common meertion that to be religious means defeat in the conflict of Jib.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN COUNCIL

!ELECTION.

The last hour for the nomination of candidates in conn-ction with the election of Urban District coun- cillors was at twelve o'clock on Thursday. The with- drawals are fixed for Tuesday and in the event of a contest polling will take place on the s;h April. The relting members this year are :—Halton Ward Mr F Wiswall ; Mersey, Mr T Jones ; Central, Mr E Gatley ; Bridge water, Mr W Handley ; Newtown, Mr S Walton ; Heath, Mr J Pritchard.—An additional vacancy is caused by the resignation of Mr 11 J Grine.— The nominations are as follows, and it will be seen that all the old members are seeking re-,lection : Heath Ward, James Pritchard, gentleman, " The Elms"; Bridgwater Ward, William Handley, actuary, Norman- road ; John Douglas, gent;ecean, Leinster Gardena; John Joseph Shaw, secretary stores Co-operative Society, Elalton-road; Mersey Ward, Thomas Jones,wine and spirit merchant, 32, Leinster Gardens ; Thomas Wood, draper, High-street ; William Handley„ actuary Norman-road ; Alfred Robert Norman, pipe manufac- turer. Heath House " ; John Joseph SIIAV7. secretary, 18 Halton-road ;Jonath n Harsefir Id, coal merchant, 40, Canal-street (invalidated) ; Central Ward, Ellis Gatley, trade union secretary, 87, High-streft ; Halton Ward, Francis Wiswall, civil engineer, 10, Stanley Villas ; Newtown Ward, Samuel Walton. gentleman, 34, Victoria-road ; J J Shaw, secretary, 18, Halton-road.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Hunting Accident .at Stretton.

On Wednesday, during a thirty-five minutes' tun of the North Cheshire Hunt, as Stratton, Mr Thomas Wilkinson, the stud groom to Mr Nelson, a well- known Cheshire hunting gentleman, of Hartford, met with a serious accident. His horse fell at a ditch, threw the rider heavily,and then rolled upon him, breaking two or three ribs. Dr Burton, or Frodsham, attended him on the field, and the in- jured man was removed home in a trap. The early proceedings were disappointing, as the home cover and seven acres field failed to yield. From Whit- ley Gorse, however, a fox was got away, and the hounds pushed him through Grimsditch and over the Warrington road right for Stratton. Then he I bore right-handed, and finally beat the pack close to Cobbler's Gorse, after a rather slow hunt of thirty-five minutes:

CoRONAT/ON MEDAT.S.—WM. BESwICK, 21, Butter- market-street. Samples to be eeen.—Advt.ll UNDBR THE CLOCK FOR GOOD BOOTS.—Adv PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER THE °LOOK FoR BEST BOOTS xx LANCIA SIURIL—Advt H. M ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC to THE KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—(Advt LADIRS BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SILOS UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

Warrington have survived the first round of the Northern Union Cup Competition, and on that fact they may congratulate themselves. Barrow were not the most formidable of opponents, on paper, but they gave a lot of trouble before they were numbered among the ranks of the slain. The form and determination they showed were excellent, and had Warrington's been anything like so goo i they would have won by a more substantial margin. I was not, however, very favour. ably impressed with the display given by Warrington, and unless they improve upon it very materially hey will retire from the Competition somewhere about sp.m. to-day. As a matter of fact it was only just the difference in class between the Northern League and the Lancashire Competition which pulled Warrington through On Saturday. Taking the standing of the two teams as a basis of comparisbn Barrow undoubtedly played the better game, and their great efforts were worthy of more substantial reward than they got.

A strong breeze marred what would otherwise have been a perfect day for football. The turf was in splen- did order, and with the sun shining brightly, the con- ditions for both players and spectators alike were highly satisfactory. The crowd was a large one and in- cluded a few score enthusiasts from the Furness dis- trict, and all round the enclosure there was a fairly solid ring of faces. Both teams turned out as adver- tised, and Mr Ashton—who refereed very capably by the way—started the game prompt to time.

Warrington had what fortune there was in the spin of the coin, and of course elected to play with the wind. Personally I had rather they lost the toss, for they would then be in a safer position in the secolid half granted that the defence had been good during the first moiety. Anyhow, Barrow were the first to defend and it was soon apparent that they meant business. Dickenson gave the ball to Fish frequently, but the wing man was marked by the Barrovians with catlike pertinacity. Time after time they bundled him in touch after good passing runs by the home backs, and !then the Barrow forwards made tracks for the Warrington line. There was danger for a minute or two, but long punting put Warrington on the offensive again. Then Allen accomplished what the conbination behind had failed to do. He got Fish in—the method being a long pass from a scrimmage in the visitors' quarter, and Fish's quickness did the rest. He got a nasty kick in the effort, but recovered under the atten- tions of a composite battalion of ambulance men, trainers, and players. One try was the sum total of Warrington's assets on change of ends.

There were a few rather dubious faces when Barrow restarted, and a Warrington supporter in my vicinity laid and lost a sixpenny cigar on the prospects of the Barrovians. True, they nearly scored in the first minute by a long dribble,but Warrington woke up after, this. A lot more dash was evident in the forward play and though the wind was against them Warrington had as much of the game as their opponents. The latter worked hard to score, but were frustrated. Once they had a grand chance, for Bowker took a penalty kick right in front of goal and missed. Had he goaled the struggle to tiny end would have been even tighter. Warrington's chief idea seemed to be to feed Fish, and Harris was almost neglected,which is not thebest Towards the close, however, Fish dashed over again after smart passing, and there was no question as to the result after this. Barrow strove hard but had to suffer defeat by 2 tries to nil. --- What superiority Warrington had was in the three- quarter line, where the quartette showed more speed and combination than their opponents, who were not all up to Bowker's standard. The latter played a splendid game at centre and deserves high praise. Dickenson and Fish both performed well, but a better understanding between them will conduce to greater effectiveness. Ratcliffe was not quite as good as in the previous match,but was by no means a failure, while Harris lacked opportunities only. The full backs were about on a par, and so were the halves, with Hocken- hall perhaps the best of the bunch. It was forward where Warrington cut a poor figure. In the packs they held their own but their energy outside was nothing compared to that of the Furness men. Led by the ever- green Treweek they followed up with untiring vigour and calmed Warrington a lot of anxiety. The home forwards, with the exception of Morrison and Boar 1- man were fearfully slow, and in following up a big im- provement is necessary.

A tip in tactics may be worth something to Warring ton, though they should not need it. "Let the backs feed Harris more. He is worth it, and the move also gives Fish more scope when opportunity comes his, way. Though there was a fair amount of open play, the game was not of the highest order. Scrimmaging: was far too common, and it may surprise people to know that a record was kept of the number of " serums" in the game, and the total was 84—a little over one per minute.

The best performance of the day was Swinton's narrow victory at Halifax, and the odds are that they will eventually meet Broughton Rangers in the course of the tournament. The winner of that tie should win the cup. Of course Warrington, and Bradford have a say in the matter yet, and a number of others alsd.

Warrington v. Bradford is the tit-bit of to-day's cup-ties,and a fine game may be confidently relied upon should the weather be at all favourable. The teams have already met twice this season and each won on its opponents' ground, so that there is not much evi- dence to be found here for the purpose of picking the winner of to-day's encounter. Personally I, favour Warrington, not because they are a better team—which is problematical—but because they have not yet been defeated on their own ground in a cup tie There is a , good deal in this and the home team may be relied upon to strain every nerve in order that the valued record may remain unsullied. Bradford will take a lot of beating but let the forwards and backs of Warrington play with ' the same irresistible dash as on the last occasion that the two teams met in a cup-tie and the result will be the same. Forward, in particular, lam expecting a big improvement on previous displays.

The home team is, with one exception, identically the same as last Saturday, Aldred drops out of the for- wards and Edmondson fills the vacancy. The fifteen is as follows :—Hallam, full back ; Fish, Dickenson, Ratcliffe and Harris, threequarters ; Hockenhall and Allen, half backs; Motrison, Boardman, Edmondson' Fell, Cunningham, Taylor, J. Swift and W. Swift, forwards.

On Thursday I saw the Warrington captain in town still limping from the injuries to his knee. He has left Allison s, and is now visiting Mr. Jones of Liverpool, and hopes to be sound again in a few weeks. Of course he will not play football again this season,

The referee in the match with Bradford will be Mr It H Farrar of Halifax. Touch judges Mr A Critchley ( Widnes), and It Abbey (Stockport.)

Wigan deTeated Widnes in the South-West Lan- cashire League at Wigan on Wednesday. This brings the competition to a very interesting stage,Warrington, Widnes and Wigan all being in the running. Warring- ton play Wigan at home and away yet and these matches should settle the destination of the Cup.

The South-West Lancashire League table up to-date is as follows : Point

P. W. 1.. D. Fr:r—Ag.t. Pt. Warrington 3 ... 5 ... 2 ... 1 .. 57 ... 37 ... 11 Widnes Wigan Runcorn Leign St. Helens

Cycling. I have received a copy of the Warrington Cycling Club's handbook for the coming season by the courtesy of Mr E Pickavance, jun, and as usual it is a tasty little production which does the club credit.

The opening run will take place to-day,to Warburton, leaving headquarters at 230 p m. In the event of rain, members will proceed by the 3 35 train from Bank Quay. Those members wishing to attend the football match with Bradford first, will have a convenient train from Arpley Station at 517 p in. The programme for the season, I can readily believe, is the most attractive yet compiled for the members of the club, comprising two bowling mains, several bowling handicaps, fishing match, bowling match and inter club-run, ladies' day, president's day, and runs for week-end tours to the finest and most popular cycling resorts in Lancashire, Cheshire, Derbyshire, and North Wales. I wish the Warrington Cycling Club a most prosperous and enjoyable season.

Cycling has, of late, been very pleasurable and one oannot reasonably quarrel with March weather so far. a far. Sunday was a superb day, and in company vn friend I took the opportunity of cycling over to Bux- ton and back. This is rather a stiff opening to the season's: riding but "off and on" practice during the winter had tightened up the muscles to a pitch uffi- cient for the strain even of the famous " Cat and s Fiddle." The roads were on a par with the weather, and the run to Macclesfield, via Knutsford and Chel- ford, helped by a north-west breeze could not have been finer.

We did not start until after twelve noon so that on arrival at Macclesfield the inner man clamoured loudly foridniner. Mine host of the " Angel" catered ad- mirably—so well indeed that we were totally unfit for

the seven mile grind to • the " Cat " when we started. After a mile or so of "collar work" our pride was calmly stowed away for use on a more fitting occasion, and instead of cycling we walked the next mile, stopping to take an occasional snap shot in the glorious sunshine. Then on saddle again and up-up-up till our faces would have shamed even the ruddy beetroot, but we improved in wind and leg-power, and reached the famous hostel on the top at a rattling pace. How many way-fsrers ":pass by on the Other aide," I wonder! It was more than we could do after such a warming, and in we went for the much-needed refresher. There was a char-a-banc party from Buxton inside and they appeared far thirstier than those few who, like our- selves, had come up by their own exertions We left them there, char-a-bane included.

After a brief stroll on the moor and a look at the surrounding hill tops' we departed,for the wind at that altitude waslrather toe thin for comfortable lounging. Right from the door of the "Cat" we free-wheeled, and such a free-wheel! Ye Gods! Minutes hardly appearel to have elapsed before we were in Buxton wiping the water from our eyes. It was a glorious coast. The road perfectly clear, hard as adamant, and a slope that takes you down at a delirious rate. It was the fastest four miles I have ever done, and my companion who has won many a prize on the path, could not recollect a speedier burst. And all without pedalling, except for one little rise just before you dip down out of sight of the.inn.

Time was rather short so our stay in Buxton was necessarily brief. After a look round we faced about and by matual consent began another climb on foot. The gradient here is pretty stiff and with the breeze blowing down from the summit walking was certainly the best way of getting up. Once past the railway arch two-thirds of the way up and we felt ready for the remainder per bike and soon reached the Inn once more. The shades of night were falling pretty rapidly, and at 6-42 we commenced the long descent into Macclesfield. With reliable brakes we were inclined to let the machines go, but some of the corners took more than a little negotiating. However, we were soon down and half an hour from leaving the top were inside , the " Angel " again and ordering a tea which we felt we fully deserved.

An hour or more later we set Off on the concluding stage of the journey. The new moon was Railing high in the starry heavens, and with the breeze gone com- pletely, we hummed along at a good pace. Knutsford was reached in about 40 minutes,but from here we took matters rather more lazily, for with sixty miles behind us we were not as springy at the knees as we had been. There was no fatigue however, and we reached home just comfortably tired after an outing that will take a. lot of beating no matter how good a cycling season we are favoured with.

There will be plenty of night-riding for some time to come and it behoves the night-birds to have reliable lamps. One of the best I have seen anywhere is the new" Edlite "which Messrs Miller of Birmingham have put on the market recently. It is excellently con- structed with all parts easily accessible, and it gives a very powerful light if proper oil is used. Some riders are apt to be careless about the latter detail and then blame the lamp, which is hardly a fair proceeding. The" Edlite " will give satisfaction, I feel sure, for in addition to fulfilling its purpose so admirably it is very handsomely finished and sets the "bike "off wonder- • fully.

===== 0002601_19020321_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST SPRING MEDICINE.

At thie season of the year the system undergoes a change ; the blood should be purified, nature ctlls for it. If a good, purifyin7, snd strenthening medicine hi taken now, it will prevent much ulnecess4rr suffering im the future, as impurities left in the blood during the spring lead to many ailments afterwardp,

_ _ NOW IS THE TIME • When all DISEASES of the STOMACR, LIVER, KIDNEYS, And BLOID are moat easily cured while the blood is under- going the spring change. The best medicine to take fo this purpose is VENO S SEAWEED TONIC. 1%/lw is the time when it will produce its most larilliant eff-ct n)t only in purifying tbe blood tut in curing such ailments as Indigestion, wind on the st mach, biliousness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, headache, weakness and constipation. It rogulates,strengthens and purifies.

IN EVIDENCE - THOMAS FENWICK,S Queen-street,Grange Villa, Durham, writes :—" I suffered so badly witu impure blood, blotches, and eczema, that I tht,u Oat I soould never get cured. I tried a lot of doctors but none did me any good. I got VENO'S SEAWEED lONIC at Gateshead, and began taking it, and I am glad to say that, so far I am petfectly cured, and my skin, is now in it natural condition. You can advertise this as you wish , as I am sure there would be no one suffertng with blood and akin disexeee if they knee, of your remedy." VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Is guaranteed to permanently cute diseases of the Stomach, Liver,Kidneys, and Blood,by a Bank Cheque, value 2s 61, enclosed with every 28 91 bottle, payable through the London Tracing Bank, Ltd. This is a genui guarantee, and means a cure or no pay. Ask for 'a SEAWEED TONIC at Chemists and Medicine vai , is. 41 and 2s. 9t per bottle. Sold by Boots Ltd, Warrington,Peatce,Earlestown and Newton,Weaton and Co., Runcorn, Walibridge, chemist, T. W. Jackson, chemist and druggist, S. Helens.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by joitw WiLER CO. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey- street, and published by them at the same place and also at The Examiner Office Vietorla.road,Wwfoffl 32, George-street, Sr. HELENA and 3, Market-street BAsameTowts.- in theoounty of Lancaster and el so at Hip it. BIINCOBN,in the,County of Chester. MAIL 2 1 1202

===== 0002601_19020321_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE.-EASTER HOLIDAYS. OWING TO NEXT FRIDAY BEING GOOD FRIDAY, THE "EXAMINER" WILL BE PUBLISHED NRXT minx- ON THURSDAY, MARCH 27TH, • INBTRAD OF ON FRIDAY THE 28Tu. OL D. STREET WESuEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. 10-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 23nD At 10.30 and 6.30 Rev. D. A DE MOUILPIED. All welcome. Hymn book.' provided.

GARTONS FOB SUCCESSFUL CROPS OF GRASSES AND CLOVERS SEE OUR ILLUSTRATED DESCRIPTIVE PRICBD CATALOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. GARTONS SEED EXPERTS AND GROWERS, WARRINGTON.

TRE WARRINGTON FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. THE ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING, ON wBoNEsDAY EVENING, MARod 26TH. NEXT BOLD-STRE(T WESLEYAN sCHOOLEOO3I. REV. E. LLOYD •(xOEMERLI or W_tItRIYGT.IN), WILL DELIVER A LECTURE ON " CROMWELL AND PAULINE IDEALS" • THE REV. C. FINCH AND OTHER MINISTERS WILL TAKE PART. CHAIRMAN ; C. E PARKER, EQ. MEETING TO COMMENCE AT 7.m). COLLECTION TO DETRAY REPENSES.

v6ll-)E0 PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE I Dip- " VT'S t ORNAIIIIRTAL AlB SPBCJIALIBT, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEROM-STREBt, LIVBRPOOL. "THANK TOO."

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINI4TON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six mouths notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

IBULD-ST. WESLEYAN CLIURCEL WARRINGTON FORRIGN MISSIONARY ANNIVERSARY. • TO-MORROW SUNDAY IARCH 23RD 1932, 10.33. 2.10 CHILI/HILTS SBIWICIS. 6.30 REV. 1). A. D. r. MONDAY NmxT. MARCH 24TR, 7.30 LROTURB ON FRANCR. RSV D A DB MOUILPIRD. (9 YEARS IN PARIS) lows. I WiTHINSHAW. lISQ, 0 PHNKSTH. GOOD FRIDAY, SERM)N AT 11. A.M. ItIIV J CROMPTON DOWERBUTTS, FARMERLY MISSIONARY IN INDIA. PUBLIC MEETING- 5.30. REV J C W GOsTICH. , FORMERLY MISSIONARY IN THE MYSORE. " CROMPTON SoWSHEIUTTS, ALSO Imre T BISHOP, LCR HOCKBN, .h. 24 WILLI km 0 J NRVILLB. :.-SHLIRMAN :DR SRN:HITT, OF PADGATE. ' COLLECIIONS AT ALL SIIRVORS.

BRING YOUR FEET To 5, LONDON-ROAD, Liverpool, and put them inside pair of ARTHUR EVANS' 6s, 6D., Bs. 6n.. or TYJ !MYR 808 BOOTS. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVBRPOOL.

QPLENDID AsQortment of New Season's PAT- k...3 TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSER, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND Co, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent Carriage paid.

N AND NORTR-Wr,STERN RAILWAY GARSTON DOCKS AND W11)1.41IS DOCK ,flThe London and North-Western Railway Company give I;OTICE that MONDAY, MARCH Slar BRING a HOLI- -11.4Y, under the Holiday Bstension Act 1875. the day will NO,..EISRKVari as a HOLIDAY at GARSTON DOCKS and "-,NRS DOCK end the Quays and Rotate. FRED HARRISON, General Manager. 111, Station, London • March, 1 02.

" A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVAIR 'MULISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASEi, well finished and especially adapted to lit fiat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI. SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that AI3dOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona - fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND CO.. we tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to ,11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

EPINDON AND NORTII-WESTERN ANIL) GRii:AT WESTERN JOT RAILWAYS. RASTER xXCUKSIONS veom WARRINGTON ON GOOD FRIDAY. MARCH 23Ta, AT 0.20 A.M., 11.10 A.C11., T 1 lIALTON, FRODSHAA, Hltr,SBY, AND CHESTER ON EAsThR MONDAY, MAHOti 31ST, AT 12.2. p m., 2.18 p.m., To CHR3TER. AT 12 2.1 p.m.. 1 pm , 2.18 p.m., TO IiMaTON. FRODSHAR ,afn HELSBY. RETURNING SAME DAY. ar Dirtieulars of fares,return times. etc , See Smell Bills. W THORNE. Superintendent. wsbury, March, 1902. _

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Weading Rings ; largest stock and best value In the town or district. Sold by weight from SRVHN SHILLINGS AND SIXPUNCIS to Fit TY SHILLINGS. All liZell and shapes, including the round and Half-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur. chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—RUSTANOR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Rstabltsbed 1864.

-- k.,OUNTY BOROUGH oF WARRINGTON.—GAS ORPARTAIRST. GAS ILLUMINATIONS. ,1,17411 Consumers desirous of Illuminating their Premisea seeit: Gas at the forthcoming Coronation are requested to the early application at the Gam Offices, Merserstreet, for otr.chaae of Devices in order to prevent disappomtment qh„,a,,lalfg same from t a Msnufacturers. veto" 'llls Committee have decided to charge the Gas "axcers at the rate of Is 3d per 1. 000 cubic feet. FR hDlt. TAYLOR, Secretary. Mersey-street, February 2Stn, 1902.

Cit D D Eil DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publil. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Oanistes 5d.. 10d., and le. Bd. each. Wholesa:o by J. GIIDDHB AND SON. LTD WAHRINGI ON 11STABLISIIHD 1833.

r, CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. CARTERS. FARMERS, AND TEAM OWNERS. ERSONS desirous of TENDERING for CARTING I MACADAM and other Materials for the Main Roads °f the year ending 31st March, 1903, can obtain forms ' Tender, and particulars of Material to be carted at COUnly SOrvet'OCA Office, Cheater Castle, on and 4Lter Monday , the 17,,h instant, between 10 a.m. and 5 and on Saturdays between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. . 'readers to be endorsed " Tender for Cs; tiig," to be riveted at the said Office on or before SATURDAY, the :h day of April next. 1103 Main R ,ads Committee of the County Council do 0t bled themselves to accent the lowest or any Tender. REGINALD PO rTs. Clerk to the Chi shire County Council. Chester, 14th March, 1902. NOTICE 19 HEREBY GIVEN that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace tonthe COUN 111 OF CHESTER wi I be hold at the e, OCT HOUSE. KNU TSFORD. in and for the said nn MONDAY, the 7ch day of APRIL next, at aii‘l;111 o'clock in the forenoon, when the Grand July " T,enrnpannelled. Of Bbearing ot all Appeals arising within the Hundreds Maccl( sfield, and Northwich. forming the ali44sford diariet, and the trials of all prisoners corn- from such Hundreds, will take place at such toriel°°s. The Grand and Petty Juriea for the Knots- uistrict must be is attendance at the Court Douse, %he 7, -r., at the epraing of the Court on MONDAY, r Fe ".1 day of APRIL Next, at Eleven o'clock in tho ..00nn Th, OOURT will be Adjourned to the C kSTLE OF tiet,"`F4R. on WEDNESDAY, the 9b day of APRIL at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing APP-als arisidg within the Hundreds of Broxton, bistlllY, N jtsujh, and Wirral, forming the Chester the Ll'. and the trials of alleprisouers committed from Ad; -B'-mentioued Hundreds will take place at such theTtneti Sessiocs. The Grand and Petty Jurios for Of il,-"hbe't,r District must be in attendance at the Castle '4l "e,l3,_t,°f, at the opening of the Court on WEDNES- the -Oh day of APRIL next, at Eleven o'clock in Forenoon. REGINALD lOTTS, ebe Clerla'of the Peace for the County of Chester. 17:h M,tch, 1902.

ADVERTISE YOUR BUSINESS BY THE LATEST AND mosr UP-TO-DATE METHOD. CONSULT THE NATIONAL ENGRAVING CO., EXPERT ILLUsTRATORS AND ADVERTISING SPECIALISTS HALF-TONE. WOOD RNGRAVING, LINE. AND ELECTROTYPING. KNOLLS WORKS, 266 BURY NEW ROAD, MANCHESTER.

ROBERT I OW3. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and balerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR BALE. New and risoncl-bend Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furnitm e, &a., warehoused,

pRUDENTIAL ASSU 3ANCS COMPANY, LIMITED. CHIEF °Felon HOLBORN BARS, LONDON. Summary of the Report presented at the Fifty-third Annual Meeting, held on 6th Marc),, 1912. ORDINARY BRANCH.—The number of Policies issued during the year was 76,831, assuring Use sum of £7.575.935, and producing a New Annuel Premium Income of £389 776. The premiums received during the year were £3,489,955, being an increase of £167613 over the year 1900. The Claims of the year amounted to £1,563.775. The num- ber of Death. was 6,723, and 6,105 Endowment Assurances matured. The number of Policies in force at the end of the year was 651.558. INDUSTRIAL BRANCH.—The Premiums received during the year were £5.523 461, being an increase of £81,164, The Claims of the year amounted to £2,104 939. The number of Deaths was 211,670, and 2,227 Endowment Assurances matured. The number of Free Policies granted during the year to those Polley holders of five years standing who desired to discontinue their payments was 74,798. the number in force being 771,279, The number of Free Policies which became Claims during the year was 17 880. The total number of Policies in force at the end of the year wa 14,334520; their average duration exceeds nine and a half years. The Assets of the Conspanv both branches, as shown In the Balance Sheet, are £43 292,' 25, being an increase of £3,396,698 over those of 1900. The Staff Provident Fund, which was founded in 1898 for the benefit of the outdoor staff, shows a satisla3tory Increase for the year, the total amount standing to the credit of the Fund being £101,930. GENERAL BALANCE SHEET OF THE PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED; ON THE 31ar DECEMBER. 1901. £ s. d. Shareholders' capital Ordinary Branch Funds Industrial Branch Fund Reserve Fund Investments Reserve Fund 250.= 0 0 Claims under life policies admitted 43,292,026 7 4 ASSETS. £ s. d. British Government securities 3,554,093 7 5 Indian and Colonial government securities 4,194.854 6 7 Railway and other debentures and deben- ture stocks loans on County Council, Municipal and other rates 9.340,533 17 11 Freehold ground rents and Scotch feu duties . Freehold and leasehold est perty Mortgages on property within the United Kingdom Railway, Gas, and Water Stocks 6 119,593 16 0 Suez Canal shares Telegraph and other shares 81,715 3 9 Colonialßa nk of Metropolitan CorreolidatA stock, and City Of London bonds 339,7.32 17 1 governmentEanndglFanordoi'tg securities up roirtai n stocks 200,559 18 6 332,538 5 7 Foreignl,lo6,29l PT 7 Reversions and Life Interests 923,844 14 4 Loans oaths Company's policies Rent charges Outstanding premiums Cash In hands of Superintendents and Aeents Balances Outstanding Interest mil Rents 341,910 8 8 Cash—on Deposit, on Current Accounts, and in hand ................... 43,292,026 7 4 EDGAR HORNE. Chairman. an General HENRY A. HARBiklei, Directors, THOMAS WHARRIR, f esr. Tutus. G. DEWEY, }Joint kiSelloSre.tary. mg SUPERINTENDENT :WD.JIL.WLTI..ABI2II'OAWI3PLLUHID, 69, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

• „ STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL BTEAMBRB. LIVEMPOOL to NSW YORK eia Qaeenstown. aQuiRSTIO...Wed., March 26 I T3UTO NIIC Wed.. April 9 MANIC Wed , April 2 I CYMRIC Sat , April 12 nird class Puglia:um at low rates including Outfit free 01 LRe to New York Boston Philadelphia. or Baltimore. and Co., Liverpool, I.7_C....ookepur 54. Leadenhall Street, Londor. rr • ,:LARKE, STATIONER AND NBWSAGENT, •• EXAMINBR OFFICE, MARKIa STRBBT, RARLBSTOWN, tpli3Oß GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY trraa4. PURSES, ALBUMS. PORTRAIT FRAMES AND USEFUL ARTICLBS. go to the atove address. AG:YNT si OR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (01, WA REIN GTON ) S4NITArty PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, Ticr AI, EEG 0 GIVE NOTICE 'Rimy HAVI OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN 0 LIREN STREET. EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-P A PERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS Akr , PAINTS', VARNISH, AND COLORS. FOR PLUMBING. PAINTING, GASFITTING. tto. tus WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. &SRN?. V? ORR MANS HIP. RBA SCNABLE PRICES. OR \SWBRM:3H " INCAYDESON NT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES FR RE.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 403.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. LVI ATCI ACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTEAL A Household Word. MACDONALDS TWIT fl Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extractioa. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 203.; gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record eays: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says : Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, LTD., T. HELENS, 80, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS. 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

IMPORT AliT TO FARMERS &c. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 To 2. AMMONIA Zi TO 3, PIIoBPH/TE 10 TO 12. PRICE £2 158. PER TON. ss. PER TON DASH DISCOUNT. AT YARD, OR FREE ON RAILS, SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3,t TO 4, AMMONIA 4 TO 41, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE £4 23. 6n. PER TON. 7s, 6n. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS,rj FOR FURTHER PARTICULAR APPLY rp JAMES 100 LE, LICENSED HORSE SLAw UHT ERE% ALLEN STREET, WAhRINOTON. Telephone No 222. Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

TLLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Fac-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan title. &0., copied and lithographed.— BROOKS AND SaN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED ITNDER PERSONAL SUPERvISIoN. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTRNIOND TO.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS, BUY FRONT THB MANUFACTURBR, A. COITERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER, BEAMONT-ST,, NEAR INFIRMARY. WARRINGTON

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 26 6D. A COMPLETE SET ON TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (ovEll. MYNEICYNE'S). H. W. GItIFFIN, MANAGER.

RE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB PPM THE QUARRIES OF THE 81.71T08 LIMB FIRMS, LIHITHD. SLATE AND BUILDER.;' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGLINTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHAM?, ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office, Hereon Street. Warrington

A. AND J. M,LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVICRSIMTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Pronertv of every description. OLD GOLD &ND SYLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY. Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Chaim Pictures, &3 . always on ale. We are now offering some Special BATVIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLICKY. LADIEa' end GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES RY POSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS. do. GOLD and AWNS. WATUHRS. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M 'LAINE'S, RICHMOND S fREET. LIVERPOOL. STAM P CoLLErriEs SHOULD SEND FOR Mitt LIST OF STAMPS. ALBUMS, Km. Gratis and Poet Free. CHEAPirST LlaLs IN THE TR DR. It will pty you to drop us a postcard now. Please mention paper. ERNEST \VOOJ & CO., CHORLTON-CUM-HAIMY. MANCHESTER.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS, HAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCE STREET TO M KRSEY BRUSH WORKS, T,IVFRPOOL-ROAD. WARRINGTON.

COOMB'S EUREKA FLOUR SELF-RAISING. TO BE OBTAINED FROM JOHN ASHLEY 61, SAINKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Hr...T G. DOWLING, RENTS COLLECTED ESTATE, INSURANCE. AT LOWEST RATC.I. CONNITSSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STRICRT, WACILINGION. Private Address; 21, Ellesmere.road, Stockton Heath.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'E MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BIER. To be bad in CASH or BOTTLES from D. CUNN INGHAM wirrivicK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also 14anufactairer of 'nem CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Serew-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES, OWEN STREET.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. SPRING CLEANING REQUISITES OF ALL HINDS WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA, Is bot. for 10d. MORGAN'S GOLD AND SILVER ENAMEL, The ls 61 box, containing Mixing Cup, Brush, Bottle Mixinir Liquid, -and one packet of Best Gold Bronze. Our Price ICld. HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES, from sid per pair. • BOOTS VARNISH STAINS. OAK, WALNUT, MAHOGANY. Sm., 61 size for 411, is size for 81, 2s 6d for Is 6d. FURNITURE CREAM', 6d bottle for 41, is for 71. BRUNSWICK BLACK. 61 size for 41. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH. Trial size, 21 for Id, Is for 41, BOOTS SANITARY FLUID, aid and 81 per bottle. A BOTTLE OF THIS FLUID SHOULD BE IN EVENT HOITSE. SOFT SOAP. 21-1 per lb. TURPENTINE Id per pint. BORAX, 3d per lb. PUMICE STONE SOAP, 2d per tablet. AMMONIA LIQUID, 7d per lb. CARBOLIC SOAP, 211 per lb. BOOTS CRIMSON OZONE FLUID is for 81d. CARBOLIC ACID, 40 and 811 per bottle. HAT VARNISHES (assorted colours), 41d per bottle. AND ALL OTHER SPRING CLEANING REQUISITES AT OUR USUAL LOW CASH PRICES. KILL TILE GERMS OF DISEASE AND KEEP THE HOUSE AND SURROUNDINGS HEALTHY IS THE AIM AND. END oF ALL SANITATION. TO DO THIS EFFICCTUALLT USE BOOTS SANITARY FLUID, THE BEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE DISIN- FECTANT OBTAINABLE. BETTER THAN CARBOLIC ACID AND FAR LESS DANGEROUS. SPECIAL USES :—Purifying of Workshops. School- rooms, Public Hall_, Stables, Yards, Water Closets, Drains. AO. IT IS A HIGHLY CONCENTRATED NU r SAFE DISINFECTANT. PRICES:- 411 and 8d ; Is 41 quart; Is half-gallon ; 3s 61 gollon. BOOTS CA S a CHEMISTS. LARGEST, BET, CHEAPEST. =BRANCHES. 35, BRIDGE-STREET 5, BRIDGE-STREET r WARRINGTON. ALSO AT MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, CHESTER, ETC.

rill ARLES WOLF'S (WINE& GOLD WEDDING RINGS. IDOZ SUPERIOR ELEC. TITO PnATBD TIM-SPOONS given with etch ring. Engage- ment rings a speciality. Waltham. Elgin and Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly done with the greatest skill and attention. CHARLES WOLF Te% HOLESALE JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10, Miffs RAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CiyARETTES. SNUFF 9. EXORS. OF WM. FIARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANORBSTHII Establisbed 68 Years

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN • MORTGA(IIO ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILL?. OR ANNUITIES CA( OBTAIN THE NRCRSSAIIY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30, NORM JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. TRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its iiranchea. JOHN BYROM, , PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Ghana). 67, IariSHAW-ST BUR (corner a Benson-street). LIVERPOOL. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated tjectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH —Of all Chemists price 4s; per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS eale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SOl4, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London.

GYMNASTIC APPARATUS! EARLY SPRING NOVELTIES. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO SPECIAL NOVELTIES NOW BEING SHOWN IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. H. HUNT AND SON. SMART SHORT COATS, NEWEST SILKS AND DRESS MATERIAL, 89, WINDSOR STREET, LIVERPOOL. CHARMING MILLINERY MODELS. GYMNASIA FITTED THOUGHOUT IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY. COSTUMES IN THE NEWEST MODES AND LATEST MATERIALS, DAINTY FASHIONS IN NECKWEAR, IN SILK, CEIIFFON AND LAC. LADIES WILL FIND THE SHOWROOMS SPECIALLY INTERESUNG this month as the best creations of the leading Centres of Fashic.n are added to the stock direc:ly they are obtainable. THE DRESS AAKING DEPARTMENT IS WIDELY KNOWN AND APPRECIATED FOR THE EXCELLENCE OF ITS WORK. Ladies favouring me with thei orders may depend upon receiving a correct fit, good style, and a strictly careful attention to the carrying out of their wishes. JAMES ATKINSON, 7, 11, 13, BRIDGE-STREET, WA R R INGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLUCK, BRIDGE MEET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOJT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERTOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 10. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF P110.1:041IAPHE for Crystoleum and Palma Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, EWEL LERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WArICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old nold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Limey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by poet, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELT,'S INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE TO BB HAD WHOLESALR FROM SAM N. GREEN MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON

HOLMES & CO. WHOLESALE TAILORS 14, TURNER-ST MANCHHSTRII WILL SUPPLY YOU Nana SINGLE GARSIBNTS AT WHOLESALE PRICES. THOUSANDS OF POUNDS woßra or CHOICE GOODS TO SELECT FROM AT 20s. TO 40e. TRH SUIT. ; It you cannot call. samples and self- measure forms will be sent to any part of the world. , Our Warehouse is only 2 minutes , from Lewis's.

T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, A UNIQUE OFFER ON THH LINCOLNSHIRH HANDICAP. £l.OOO TO 2s. 6D. SEE THE " TUIIF REGISTER," SENT PO3l FRHH ON APPLICATION.

H R. OLLINGWORTH AND k, 0.. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, BT. JAMES'-STRBRT, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA lIMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HRARTHS, FLOORS. Acc. References .—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chap./ Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams :—" HOLLINGWORTEt, Latchford."

MURRAY'S GELATINOIDS, (REGISTERED) A NEW METHOD OF TRHATING DISHASH. This ideal remedy will be found a positive cure for Anemia, Nervous Headache, Dizziness, Neuralgia, all functional dis- orders of the Liver and Digestive System. Early Decay, Con- stipation, Pimples and bkin Eruptions. Sleeplessness, loss of vital power, pins In the bark and all languid and debilitated conditions of the system with lad, of nerve „bower, and all , other exhaustive symptoms or complications It sitmomreepdafnetdelyn on nn sowriflilnowalinagndanpritto:blpeof:romrtn, id c"uirnatie,f,"rates . properties are at once carried to the deceased parts in the most effective and direct, though harmless way. Can be taken by the most delicate stomach. Price 2s. 6d. and 45. per box, post free, seated on receipt of name and address, MENTIONING SYMP TOES JAS. MURRAY' DEPT, 8..?, SOUTHAMPTON ROW. LONDON, W.C.

ON THE SPOT. A GENTLEMAN RESIDING WITHIN a SHORT la. distance of POWERFUL STABLES and who is inter- ested Ia same Is willing to;coremunleste with a few Gentle- for mutual benefit. No exorbitant fees beforehand. Special note relative to LINCOLN AND LIVERPOOL, BAsiTio, MILL HOUSE, TALBOT TERRACE, LBWB9.

FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS. HAVII HA.) A WORLD-WIDB REPUTA awl AS A BOON TO WO MAli KIN D. They ara universally known to be the best Remedy for Aiimmia, Debility, Depression, Weakness, and Female Ailments. Of Chemists ar?d Stores everywhere. Boxes 9id, is lid, 2s 9t. 4s Bd, and 113, or under cover from the Proprietor ; gs. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING BILL, LONDON, W.

(Frem a photo by T. West, Atherton.) It was both very serious and very painfnl. I was in bed for another six weeks. Toe doctor called every day. ( tbok bottle efts: bottle of medicine, and hii treatment finished up with a box of pills, but I did not take them, so that I cannot be said to have given him altogether a fair trial. He was a very clever dontor." "'Cell we what it is you know ?" " While I was in bed under the second doctor a friend of ours, who was then in service at Leeds, came on a visit to ne and was pained at seeing my wasted condi- tion. ror I could eat very little, I slept badly, and my strength seemed to have left me altogether. She said that during the time she had been at Leeds she had suffered from fainting fits, and that she had been ad- vised hy,a lady of good position to take Dr William* pink pills for pale people. She did so, and three boxes complrtAy cured her. She advised me to try the same. rook her advice. I discontinued the dcctor's medicine and went on with Dr Williams' pink pills instead. I very soon began to feel better. I got well gradually. the time T had taken the &eft two bexes the pains in my head ceased, my stomach n 6 loner troubled me,and the indigestion left me for good : I could eat well and sleep better ; and was se far recovered that I nsumrd my work at the mid." " What after the Second box ? " exclaimed the repr rter. "Yes, after thebecond box, but I went on taking Dr Williams' pink pills every_ day. I took six boxes altogether, and then gave over, because I was quite well, and stronger and heartier than I had been for two or three years.' " And your recovery is entirely owing to Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people ? " Ceitsinly, and lain delighted to tell you all about them." " Are you willing' that I shall publish your statement, with a copy of your portrait, that others may know the cure which LAS been effected in your case by. Dr Williams' pink pills ? " "You have my full permission, and I will go and sit for my portrait to-morrovr, so that you may publish it." Mrs Bay was even more emphatic than her aaughter at the wonderful change which had been wrought in her girl's health by Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, and expressed her jay and gladness in tot cas which could only coin° from a fond and loving mother.

Why shouldint you economise in cocoa when a Od. tin of superb . . MAZAWNITEE 000t19017'A wilt go as far aa 1/- worth of ordinary inferior cocoas? , •`"!

The new way of washing clothes is vastly beam than any old ivay, and saves you. money. Your grocer sells Fels-Naptha soap 2-1 d and returns youremoney if you don't like it. rels-Naptha soap Peninsular House Monument London E C

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS I LIMITED. H 34 TO 40 LUDGAT HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON LQUAIIII. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINASS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDEI HYDRO, Physician: Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Sesidence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View near Parks. Pie ,nd Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, 'including Turkish dussirm and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. 7. HUMOUR, Proprietor.

ABBEYBT W IL THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and lit free Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21- guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.0 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

OCUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CLD WARRIIiGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

QT. A N HS-ON-TMH-SHA.—APAHIMIINTS near golf 1.0 links and sea.—Mrs BLair,liolker House. Victoria Road - APARTMBNTS,either sitting-room and bedroom or com- bined room.with or withoui,board.-119, LOXD Stockton Heath. SOUTHPORT. Public and private apartments, Pianos, The MISSES SCHOFIELD AND ELLIS, &Rai View, 32, deabank-road.

BLACKPOOL. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanliness and good cooking. anti efactlon guaranteed. Apply hilte H. hicaaansox, 86 Hornby Road, Black pool.

BLAOKPOOL.—Superior public and Private. APART- mums, with or without board ; facing the sea —Mute Hows.x.ra 5, St Chad's-terrace, Promenade, South Shore. Book to 3.8 Station.

DLACKPOOL.—COMFORTABLti APARTMIINTS, pleas- antly sitnatecl near Central Station and sea, every convenience, Home Comforts.—MßS. J. TOMLINSON, 59 Bomb), 110[0 Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—Miss WARIEURST, Springfield House. 139. Talbot-road; public and private SITTING-ROOMS, also conabined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view ; piano ; opposite st+tion. BLACKPOOL. South Shore. 58. BURLINGTON-ROAD Private FURNISHED HOUSE, four bed-rooms two sitting-rooms ; all modern conveniences; six Sr twelve mouths—Apply at No. 64.

BLACKPOOL. Central.—Mrs. JA.cxsort, 29, Chapel-street. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS ; bed. attendance, 23. ; with breakfast 36. ; full board. 4s. 6d. ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation.

fTIO CLOGGHIRS.—ON SA.LB, the WORKSHO P AND STOCK•IN-TRADR of the late Rdward Ito thwell ; situated in stanley-street.—Apply 23, PARR BROW T yldesley Manchester. rilmAT Old-established FRUIT SHOP kept by the late Mrs 1. Walshaw, 61, Lloyd-street. Greenheys ; rent £23 ; good reasons for leaving.—Apply to G. WINN. 156, Oxford-street, 0.-on-M , Manchester.

ANTRD, a smart L&D, 13 or aver, who has finished school ; wages 4s 6d a week to start.—Apply BLACK- BURN, Earl-street Dairy, 244, Earle-street. Earlestown.

AOENTS WANTED, Ink Erasing Eleotroslne Pencil, erases ink in two seconds without abrasion ; one agent's profit 8 weeks over £7S.—BRASER, 18, Lockwood- road, Donc.eter.

Q ALBS MEN WANTED, big salary or commission pad to Sell our goods by sample, wholesale or retall.—Address, enclosing 2id for postage, CAN-DER MANTJFACTTJEING COM- PANY, Buffnlo, N.Y., United States America.

CASTLB HILL mixed School, Hindley, near Wigan. Wanted immediately Assistant MISTRESS, (art 00), Churchwoman, tonic solia, needlework ; Salary £5O, also art, 68 Ex.-P,T., Salary £3s.—Apply MISTRESSI.

BLACKPOOL a Steady trustworthy MAN, TO ASSIST Advertiser in a good sound business one who can invest £350 at 4 per cent for 4 years, 30s per week, hours 9 to 5, previous knowledge not Required.— 40, RineT-an,Blackpool.

CIYCLES I AGENTS WANTED to sell our well-known kj "8. and E." HIGH GRADE CYCLES ; cash or gradual payments, 6d per day ; write for particulars S. and B." CYCLE WORKS, 44. Olarenden-street, Manchester ; makers and repairers to the CYCLIST VOLUNTEERS.

BRIASH HOMES ASSURANCE CORPORATION, LTD,—LIFE, ENDOWMENT, and HOUSE PURCHAsH.—An Agent wanted, whole or spare time. A successful man will secure speedy promotion.—Write JOHN PODMORE, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. - SANITARY INSPECTORS HIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies, Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and Leeds and other examina- tions ; previous experience unnecessary ; ovar 250 successful candidates; ladies eligible.—Apply RcBERT MUSHESS, Sani- tary Science Teacher, Sunderland. Name paper.

-Ai R. C. H. bAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, All. prepares +tudents for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and ki4rmooy, including Professional Diploma Exams. 11001111 over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, MARK/CT-STREET, RarlelltOWll. and at 28, ARTHTJE-STREET, Warrington.

HIGH-CLASS AND SI3uunBSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. lerma Moderate: eplendid Praition Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODGsON, MA. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, Blondeliaanda.

MR. TOM. p BfOOTHrIttOhYD, VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SUBZ-SIREET, WARIatiGTON. MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, OSGAN, THEOttY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUnICAL POEM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gainea by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prsotlce.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LA.NE, W arrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE VI 48. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM BEGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16nr, lintrance Examination, the same day at 9 am Prospectuses,furnis of application de may be had at School. The boarding house in i.ounection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN 'W. COX, Receiver.

I 0 NEY.—RIO TO £500.-loney.—Cash advanced to all respectable Householders, Farmers. Tradesmen. Shcp- , keepers, and to all classes worthy of credit, in sums varying from £lO, 215, £2O. £3O, £4O, 2to, and upwards on written promise to repay, with or without sureties. To be repaid by Weekly. Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments, Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the CROWN ADVANCE! CO., 6, Brown-street, Market-street,Manchester.

EnTABLD,HED 1870. pinto £l.OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF I. HAND ALONE. LOW INTERMST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have b€ en estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conduoted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARELS. 2. KING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STREE r. CHESTER.

THE Wit/NM INVE6THENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMIrED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COM- PANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1895. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,000. LOANS OF £5 TO £5lO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Also upon Deeds of Property, Builaing Society. Scrip, Policies of Assurance, &c. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE MANA,IER.

£5, £7, £lO, £O. .t.:3U, X5O, XIOU. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MUN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : JOHN N. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Kstablished at this iddrees Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM RS TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 46a, MARKET STREET MANCHESTER. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREPALLD To advance Loans to respectable bousebolders, shopkeepers and others on reason- able term,. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMBNTS.

BY iti.PHCIAL ACT We ALItJt4T. MR. W OOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Advance Cash in sums from £5 To £5OO To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers, and all others ; any distance ; to be repaid by easy payments to suit borrowers' convenience. Having done business in this district for 10 years, which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conduLted. Call or write for prospectus. which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving the trouble of a journey. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Flom RIO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT AT TENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He bag consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND HANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, eCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, 3,IANCHESFER

MARKET-GATE. 3 Storey WAREHOUSE with Hoist. MARKET-STREET, good SHOP with House. £5O. MILL-STREET, good light OFFICE, rent 3s. 6d. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, PENKETH, detached Resi- dence, garden, greenhouse ; rent moderate. BRIDGE-STREET, Large SHOP with good Dwelling. house and Show Rooms. BRIDGE-STREET, 2 Large ROOMS on &at floor with every convenience. WARRINGTON, Extensive WORKS to be leased with land ; over an acre, and adjoining Railway. NEAR MARKET-GATE. .3 ROOMS (Office). rent £l2. PENKETll.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. Ed. and 2s. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET, rent 41. 3d Apply ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rlngton. Telephone—No 56.

WINDIMMItitIf.—To Let, good family ItIiSIDENGH ; 3 entertaining, 11 bed and dressing rooms, kitchens, &c, ; possession April It.—Apply ATKINsON, 4, College-road, Windermere.

O L'EST Fairfield Bank Manchester-road, Warrington, a SUM - Difra.olll3D }MUSH, with Green house. garden Front and Back.—Apply A. GRIFFITHS 5, Clifton- :greet, Warrington,

TO LET, THREE HOUSES, near Stag Inn,Lower Walton, 1 containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen. scullery, three bedrooms, bath, loot and cold ; rent £l7 —Apply 3, BOLO-STREET, Warrington. • TO BB LET, the commodious family residence called Ban- -1. croft Houee.Great Sankey, with stables and coachman's house: good garden and all conveniences.—Apply J. H. SMETHURST, 113, Bewsey-road, Warrington. HOUGHTON GREEN MILL TO BE LET, suitable for brewery, aerated water manufactory, steam laundry or corn mill ; a good supply of pure water.—Aoply Geo. Mather. Fearabead, or to Mr KAY, Westwood Hall, Lower Inca. Wigan.

B. TYREE PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, CLOTHIER, AND ' FURNISHER, 62, 64, & 66, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. (LATE MORTON'S.) FIRSr SALE NOW ON. 5s IN THE POUND LESS THAN USUAL. EVERY ARTICLE MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES, LIST OF A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES. X 3 10S. O M D. wiatshsiv 8e onzMARBLEe Pillars; CLOG ir: e s days and steikes hour and half-hour on gong; 1 fuot 3 inch high and 1 foot 61 inches wide. In perfect order. fy7 P• 7 e Cross Frame GENT'S BICYCLE I IS. JD. by local maker; only been used two months and coot new £l2 108 ; condition almost new ; a rare chance. 295. 6D. byLVER rEealt Isisshh evi Tf for t2TICO aH oo ludr price 2.93. 6d. Quite new P 3 2s 6 Mas,ive FtLENCII BEDSTEAD, - . D. 2 inch pillars, monni.ed centre and corners with brass. Worth 10s. Odd Lengths of OILCLO 111, 13. 4d. per yard, two yards wide. Odd Lengths of LINOLEUM is. 9d. per yard, two yards wide. 375. 6D. FiralYtOSNLewonvlorStohli23 1(0).OLD CHAIN 295. 6D. Solid rail and with massive re Set of SQUARE FIRE BRASSES to match 73 9d. L 515:. OD.WALTbiuNe U ..Sd UoIITdE guolpdt.lonlaLLready repp. A UOUGH. TWO EASY and four Small CHAIRS. =TWO FEATHER BEDS, BOLSTER and PILLOWS to match heavy linen ticks not soiled 425. 6d. and 57s 6d. each. FLOCK BEDS from 6s. 6d, to ISs. 6d. Wire straw and WOOL MATTRESSES at sale prices. WATCHES,ALBERTS,CHAINS,BROOCHES RINGS and other Jewellery SPECIALLY REDUCED FOR THE SALE. CLOCKS. BKONZ FIS,VASHIS, Aiff PANS. FENDERS and a host of other goods at prices far below their value. fYRER'S 621 64 & 661 WIN WICK STREET.. WARRINGTON.

HOMB:WORK.—Good earntngs by the quickest and liste..t Improved Harri@on Patent Knitting Machinee.-48 Upper Brook Street, Manchester.' jAiSTIZOLOGY.—Your Future Foretold, marriage, &c., state birthtime, 13 stamps, stamped envelope. PROF. Bow- NESS (Desk it), Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

DIG MEAL, full of wheat. 6s 6d per 200Ibs. Rough Fowl Corn, 8s per 2031b5. Free on rails in Livorpool.—J M CONNELL, Sun-street. off Crown-street, Liverpool.

EIOVIOLIN for 17s 61; magnificent tone ; property late Violinist ; lock-up case dod model bow ; sacrifice, 17s 63 ; approval.—Mrs. TYLER, Enfield.place uxbridge.

ALL STOOPING STOPPED.—Loo's Shoulder Strapajper- manently cure round shoulders In a few months : send Is P.O. and waist measuremeuts—Loo,7 Old Cavendish- street, London, W.

TABLE KNlVBS.—Gerinine bargain, 12 large. 12 small, _L pair of Meat Carvers and Steel. Sheffield manufacture. pinned and balanced, 12s 65 ; approval iree.—Misa ASH, 27, Haven lane. Baling.

6 DING-PONG.'—Two splendid Canadian pine Table r Tennis bats, patent grooved head, tree is 3d. Com- plete set of Table Tennis, 4s 6d. Approval.—FßANK ROLPET, Cam. House, Likenheath.

IARDEN NETTING. small mesh, 105 yards by 1 yard k_A wide, 38; by 2 yards wide, 6s; at.d so on to any width; Carriage paid on all orders over ss.—From it J GIBSON, Garden Netting Works, Rye. SUEGICAI APPLIA.NOBS,—A 44-page Price List Ladies' and Gents' Belts (any de‘cripticn of Rubber Goods) post free,—Address Mr. or Mrs. ATKINSON. Dept G, 56, Hill- street, Blidalesbro'.—No cards.

ABEAUTIFUL Pure White China Tea Service, 40 Pees ; traneparent as an empty eggshell. Carriage paid. 54 6(1 —The PIONEER GLASS & CHINA Co., 125, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

fIWOnK by the quicke m st, simplest, and latest I- proved IiarcIIISON KNITTING MACHINBS ; highest wages earned. Lists from HARR MON Macau(); Co., LTD., 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

NETTING, N HTTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse ICets. Sparrow sets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. THOMAS JOHNSON... Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

LCOK 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUCHERS sewn; very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size. post free for 5s 6d per psir ; money returned if not approved of. H. J, Gassow, Government Contractor, Rye.

rip() DEALERS. SHOPKEEPERS, &c.—Spring is coming. Nottingham Lace. Aprons, Pinar°, es, &c) ; job lots 20s, carriage p Jirect.—Wria.Lam DEavILLE CO., Malan- facturere, 7, kßaleigh-Street, Nottingham. Ustablished 1857.

AGR'S CURALL removes all freckles, wrinkle., pimples, blotchrs, arid all blemishes from the face, neck, and arms, leaving the akin beautifully eoft, clear, and healthy. A trial box sent post free 9d.— C PAGE, 25, Grove Green-- road, Layton, ElloeX. rIORRUGATED SIMETS, from lOs 6d per cwt; Wasters, ‘,/ 9s ea per cwt ; Ridging, Spouts, Etalvanise,l Tanks, Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Fitch Plates, Builders' Ironwork ; Felts, 3s 9cl per roll —Susimatrana. & Co., Beaver Works, Wolverhampton.

OUR Marvellous MIR-Guinea PACKAGE, sixty useful Kitchen Articles. Cups, Saucers, Plates. Jugs, Basins, etc., etc. Carriage paid, les 6d. Satisfaction guaranteed. Everyone delighted.—The PIONEER GLA.BB & CHINA CO, 125, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

riIANNED GARDEN NETTING.—Proteet your Peas,Seeds A_ and Buds, from frost, blight,and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 36 square yards, is. Can be sent any width or length. Carriage paid on orders over N.—HENRY ROBINSON, Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

TNDIGRSTION.-71111 I,IIIOIOAL RRFORM SOCISTY _I. will send FRBE to all applicants an eacellent BOTANIC CURB for Indigestion. Biliousness, Liver iiomplainta, Pilea, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis,—Address : The Secre— tary BOTANIC:I INSTITUTE, NoTTINGIIAM:

fro 601.D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, ulith Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lanl, with siding to the railway. buicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. /1031M°, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one aline I bought of Crosby Lockwood and Son, 7, Stationers' Hall Court, London, 8.C., a copy of EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER,' by A BARRISTER. pike 63. Bd, post free, which, has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers' ees. Hew and revised Edition (1902) just published.

(.100D INSURANUR BOOK FOR SALE, £4; good dis- k...A trict ; leading Company.—Apply 0. PICKILIT, 41, Haydock-street, Bariestown. 2,000 BWBHT PEAS. 18 colours, 1s 3d; half quantity. 8d; 24 packets flower and vegetable seeds,ls id —BLOOMER. 117 Nuntz-street, Birmingham. 00K.-1 gross linen and dress buttons, large assortment _LI smallwares.palr gloves free Is., handsome present every tenth parcel. FARROW, Haberd tsher, Upgate, Louth.

VW IP POTATO And Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety V Champion Ranges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheels 100-page List free —MABRuTT'S, Polanclstreet. Manchester. TO CONFECTIONERS and OTHERS. -How to make pure 1 Ice Cream, 4s profit out of every 13, for full particulars send P.O for Is 6d to T. FOREST. 77 Broadstone-road.Reddish.

A GBNUINB CURB for Baldness in ' Ferino ;' it forces ill Whiskers and Moustache ; • succeeds were others fail ; 25., post free.—A. t OTTER, 5, Victoria Arcade, Strangeways. Blanchester.

PTCHWORK—Splendid assortment of rich Silk Squares, Is 6d ; parcel lovely Crazy silks, Is 2d ; parcel Velvets. Is 3d; Best Crewels. 6d dozen —/ILHOYD JAND Co, 4 Great Queen-street, Holborn, London. riIABLE THNNIS.—Wood Bats, latest design, short thick .1 handles covered red and green (twine) ; edges with cord, 10d. each, 138. doz post free —SVER et Co., Makers, 45 Wilson-street, F.nebury. London.

AN ICXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN. Sale time. Famous 2s " Pearl " Fountain PHNS. handsomely mounted,sent post free is each while they last. Only a few left.—P. HODGSON, 23. St. John's-terrace. Leeds.

ifllHAUTY.'—rerpetual Flowering Geranium, awarded 11 Certificate of Merit. 'threwsbury, 1901; Plante Is. 3d. each, or 10s. a doz. free for cash.—Towsrutow, Nurseryman Malvern Link (Edger). Mention paper.

TBDIA.'N ()BRATS for all ulcerated wounds; bad legs ; abeesses ; burn. etc. One of nature's Cure—alls, in boxes Is each.or four boxes for 3s.—Sole Agents, NEEDIUM's LTD. Cash Chemists. 297. Edgware-road London. W.

A STONISHING BUT TSUB —Superior Silver Keyleee ft Lever Watch, non mignetbs, compensation balance, accurate timekeeper, only 255. e bargain, worth 45c. OoPLEY. 89, Sackville.road, Crookes, Sheffield.

DON'T w OMIT ABOUT YOUR:HAIR.—Send la P 0 for 12 recipes of Hair Remedies; I guarantee them genuine t ride secrets of world-wide reputation; if unsatisfied money returned.— CEEMIsT,. 21 Bath-street, Weymouth.

FOR SALE. Two-manual HaftMONIUMI In Oak Casa by Alexander ; very powerful and in good condition ; just the thing for small chapel or schoolroom ; broad reeds ; cost £3O ; to clear £lO les ; great bargaln.—ElNDE. Marsh— lane. Cbesterile'd.

SUM POTATOEi.--I)uchess of Buceletich. Scotch and Lancashire. Sutton's Early Regents, Up-to-Date British Queen, Maincrop, Challenge. Myat''s- Kidney, Scottish Tiinmph Motor, and all the leading varieties.— Apply J SySES, potato merchant, Preston. - -- DING-PONG. (How to Play), by the Hon. Secretary Ping- Pong Association, with diagrams, laws etc-, with full Instructions on bow to conduct tournaments. Price 4d in paper covers or Bd In sloth, postage 11.—London, B H BOVIIFIELD & CO., Ltd., Norfolk House, Norfolk-at , W,C.

TO SAVA DOCTORS BILLS send P 0 Is and stamped _1 envelope for thel3 valoable Recipes as sold by the late Dr Sennate. Bronebitiejncligestlon.Nenralgia.Rheumatiorn, Deafness, Piles. Corns. Blood, Kidneys, Liver, Hair, Diarrhcea.--MRS SENNATE, 12 Belmont-avenue. Blackpool.

(AN SALE, splendid and BIM complete for £l, ‘_.7 Lady's Bicycle. grand condition, suit short lady or girl. £3 100 also Gents' safety, good as new. Clincher Tyree, inch pitch 74 inch Rear £5. The above are great bargains and will be sold to the first comers.—Apply 244, EARLE-BThEET, Earlestown.

DIBST and Cheapest MANURB for Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy or Ay, slug, &a, Native Guano,priee 70s per ton, in bags 2 ton iota carriage paid; 1 cwt. bag paid to any station-(n Ifogland for sa.—Write for twenty- sixth year's testimonials, NATIVE GUANO CO„ Ltd., 29, New Bridge-street London, B.C.

E 161618 from splendid pen of Blue Andalusians,little strain, JUA 13 for 2s 6d.—Address B NUTTALL. Cowling-brow, Chorley, or BROWN Cow, Burrs, near Bury. EGG 3 for HATCHING, from Brown Leghorn Hens,headed by Simon Hunter Cockerel; good laying strain; grass run; 3s. per dozen.—W. JACKSON. 204 Meets Cop-road, Blowiek, bouthport.

BuFF ORPIfiIiTON BEMS for sitting, from grand stamp hens and pullets,mated to celebrated Partington strain cockerels, 3s. per dozen ; everlasting layers.—Jonif GEORGE STEELE, Biworth, Sandbach.

UGGS.—DARK ROCK and BROWN ,LEGHOILN Eggs, .121 Abbot's prize strains, 3s. 6d. dozen ; lineolnshire Buffs, 2s. 6d. dozen ; unfertiles replaced.—Durrox, The Grove, Wybunbury, Cheshire,

GS FOR:SITTING,frorn Cook's Buff Orpington Ducks, _LJ also from Fawn and White Indian Runners ; prolific layers ; 38 dozen ; unfertiles replaced.—H RHODES. Beech House, Broughton, Freston.

MY WBLL—RNOWN BUFF and BLACK ORPINGTON BOGS are proving vary fertile ; 33. 6th sitting. Selection extibition, 56. per sitting —NOBRRT DALGLISH, Hooton Poultry Farm, Willaston, Chester.

GGS for St MING from pure bred blrds,Buff Orpingtons J Black Minorca, Silver Laced Wyandottes, White Leg- horns, Blue Langshans, Plymouth Rooks, and Houdin Leghorn, 2s. 6d. per sitting.—Apply, TAYLOR, Poplar Farm, Hough Green, Widnes.

PPURR-BRED POUITRY.—Simon Hunters' strain sitting of eggs, 3s 61; barred Plymouth Rookt, silver aad golvien Wyandottes, white Leghorns, Indian Runner Ducks. Unfertile replaced. No Sunday business.—G. G. BAKER, Oak Howe, Lydiate, Liverpool.

UGGS preserved in C NYLONS WATEHGLASS are as good _CI after 6 or 12 months as when first put in. Hundreds have proved it. The method is simple, clean, and little trouble. 1,41 b tins. sufficient for 100 eggs, 93. each, postage 4d. ; 81bs., 3e.; 171bs, 65., carriage paid. Full directions.— C. LUNN. Chemical Works, Itirkburton.

-LIGGS FOR SITTING.—SEASON 1902. Poultry Keepers will now be asking, where they can get Good and Re- liable Eggs? An important question, lit eing so much fraud practiced at the present day. Take no notice of Prize Winners, but see the Birds if possible. I have a Stock of Birds well worth seeing and cordially invite an inspection of:the following Pure Birds :--Langsbaris, Indian Game. White Brahmas, Lancashire Buffs, Black Leghorns, Buff Leghorns. Brown Leghorns. Buff Orpingtons, Black Orping- tons, Houdens, Golden WyandottEs, Silver Wyandottes, Buff Wyanclottes, Black Minorcas, Blue Andilusians, White Leghorn!, Barred Plymouth Rocks. Buff Chocluins, two pens of First Crosses for Good Layers and a able Birds ; one Houclen Cock. Buff Orpington Hens, Brown Leghorn Cock Golden Wyan,lottes Hens, all A-1. Eggs all ORO price,viz : —2s 6,1 per 13 Eggs to them who feteh them. 3s carefully packed and put on rail. If not 10 Fertile Eggs in each sit- ting I will make all good if brought back or sent C.P. Splendid Buff and White Runner Ducks, Grand Layers, at 2s per doz. Note change of address :—HENRY DRAPER. 201, Newton-road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le- Willows. No Ensiness done on Sundays.

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR "LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES, THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES wrTH DUNLOP OP. CLINCHER A. TYRES. FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL. REM BRAKES AT THE ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE THE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED. SOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES, FREE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING, PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, viT V V ALTON " Bwycl..E £lO 10s. THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROM B.S.A. FITTINGS, ANY TYRES. WT. H. IRELAND St CO. WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREIT SANKEY, NEAR WARRINGTON.

sIYCLES. B.S.A BEIDITC,Rnd B S.APATTERN maebinea. lj Fully guaranteed from £5 is 6d. Marvellous bargains. Write for ,lists. Agents Wanted. Trade aupplied.—Tem WHOLESALE CYCLE STORES, Freaman—street, Grindsbv.

CYCLES FOR EASTER. THE LARGEST COLLECTION OF £lO 10s. CYCLES IN LIVERPOOL. Fitted with Free Wheels, Back-Pedal Band Brakes, Morrow Hub, or two Hand-applied Brakes at option of Purchaser. Inspect same at OLADE AND CO , 57, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. RETURN RAILWAY TARE PAID TO PURCHASER.

NOT A CATCH-PENNY ADVERTMMIINT. WHAT I A FIRST CLASS NIACHINE, FOR ,;e6 19s. 6D? it's hardly possible ; we manage it though, and what's more, we guarantee every part for twelve months, and send on approval. If it isn't equal to any 9 guinea and most 10 guinea cycles on the market, send it back and have your money re- funded, that's fair. Includes DUNLOP 1902 tyres, Hyde frictionless PREIS WHEEL (made by Nadi() Manufacturing Ce.) Westwood PLATRD RIMS, BOWDEN BRAKE, inch ROLLER CRAIN, beautifully finished and built by cycle:mechanics. :lot garret men. Finest value anywhere. Send for list and save £3. 1. /ARR AND CO. A responsible firm whose guarantee is worth 20s in the 2. BURY, LANCASHIRE.

TYRES! TYRES ! 1 TYRES !! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPINGI- OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and beet cover in the trade ; its 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 73 each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS. 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

"LEA-FRANCIS," "ROYAL ENFIELD." "TRIUMPH" " SUNBEAM." 1902 Patterns Now on View. Spring frames,Cross frames. and Featherweight. Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guinc% Machines (Lady's or f-en's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free Cash or easy payments. Second— hand machines from £2 10s. HITCHINGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD S ['BEET, AND 163, DUE LIVERPOOL.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE cousumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S UHLORODY NE Asthma, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE 24 dSpasms, oses for 2s. TOWL CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

THE tilsWESk AND MOST BLEGANT DESIGNS DS GOLD and GEH JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN (JOU) AND OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY SILVER ILRYLESS LEVEtt WATCH IS, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men, £2 be, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST ANN'S bQUARg, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ix RIC HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CURB INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLAI CLENCH AND HEALLIEUEN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

Dli. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A ToNIO PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUOI4 cHEERFULNIia, INVALUABLE LE A FAMILy MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE LOSS OF APPETIT% CURB DEYRESsION OF I' IRI TS, CURB ALL DISORDERS OF TDB B FOOD, CURB LASSITUDE AND NsEVOUSNEsS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are preptred only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Da not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other aledicine instead, but insist upon having the rigut thing, which io wrapped in o. square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

THE Ruheorn Examine', published Friday morn I,Elg. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to advertisers. r Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. 'r.HE Warring/me and ML..-Cheshire Examiner, pub 1 tithed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestazon and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week, Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 35 45 64

2/6 PEt (BOTTLES Mutat QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6,3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS WINE MERONA.NTE, 26, RENSHAW STREEP, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

KENRICB, " THE " TAILOR, 16 RENSHAW SIREET, LIVERPOOL. FOR STYLE, FOR FIT, FOR REASONABLE CHARGES.

NOTICE.-EASTER HOLIDAYS. OWING TO NEXT FRIDAY BEING GOOD FRIDAY, fi LIE 4‘.r..4X &MINER" WILL BE PUBLISHED NEXT WEEK ON THURSDAY, MARCH 27T111 INSTEAD OF ON FRIDAY THE 2Snr.

ood For INFANTS, INVALIDS, arad th..7‘ AGED. The Lancet describes it as "Mr. Benger's adtriirable,pre- paration." The British Alerlicalfournal says: " Benger's Food has by excellence established a repu- tation of its own." No further testimony is necessary. A EII.'..NGER'S FOOD is sold in Tens by Chemists, etc., everyvviteve. . _

THE appearance of that unique little " Diary and Companion" issued by GRO. G. BUSSRY & CO.. for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtainned from Sports Bealers, Booksellers, or Railway Bo Arstalls for 61 ). reminds us of the cominz season, in ant.cipation of which Gem G. Hussey and Co. have prepared a" record" stock of Bats. We are told that the timber they hold for Bat making alone exceeds 1,0,0 tons. " Glorious Cricket follows it h Flag everywhere.' (1

HAVE SOLD 2 MOTOR CARS .... ~.. , AND THREE .; MOTOR BICYCLES 0 • i 7 ,• THIS WEEK. , , /A., „Al - - , ••ft ~,....______ _____„:„,_•,,,, --____,,_ ~.._ , / 7----_--_. , „._,- --I-- - , . ---- _ ...,...., CAN I QUOTE YOU? W. Mils 2310XAMIX.M.Wg 115, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR RALEICIL SWIFT, aqd EtIFIELD CYCLES. Maker of Royal Cambriaq Cycles.

i' The OPtVidgr—'sl t.: ,1; 17:100 ling ClairEau f

IT IS COMFORTING, SOOTHING, and PAIN-RELIEVING. i ------,„ ' ) -,.:, .h It touches the Spot ne..7 Cacres Quickly T''.,n:inchitis, Boils, BUMS, Bruises, Cuts, Chafes, Chilblains, Piles, Scalds, Stiffness. iio7al3Cea subdues pain, and arrests inflammation in any part of the body. Obtainable of all Chemists. Prices clzr, and 219 per Tin. Proprietors—HOMOCEA Ltd., I 98, STRAND LONDON. I

- --i•- CURES LIKE LIGHTNING EMS 1 irsirrusgmt COUCH CURE SELLS LIKE LIGHTNING AN EMINENT SPECIALIST FORMULATED IT. A RELIABLE FIRM MANUFACTURES IT. , MEDICAL MEN ENDORSE IT. AND , THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE OWE THEIR LIVES TO IT. Esteemed everywhere for its rare virtue and speedy aCtion. composed of ingredients never , before used in Great Britain. Far superior to ordinary cough mixtures, or any of the emulsions for Coughs. Bronchitis, Asthma, Influenza. • and Whooping Cough. , RONCIIITIS , I A' N DASTH MA V EN O'S LIGHTINIIRIQ COUGH CURE. It permanently cures by removing the cause; I clears the bronchial tubes, stops the cough, gives pedal ease in breathing, and strengthens the lungs. The proprietors will - gladly refer anyone to cured patients in Man. chester, Leeds, Bradford, Hull, Cardiff, Wolverhampton, Wrexham, Bolton, Sheffield. Newcastle, Shields, and other places, who had been given up by doctors. rnLDRENS C OU C NI S'. '--. , ~ STOPPED IN ONE NICHT. _ A BOY CURED. Mrs Hague, Rashcliffe.crescent, Lockwood, , peas Huddersfield, writes, April 7th, Igor,' .'Dear Sir,—My boy aged 12 years, suffered : from hoarseness and Bronchitis for six weeks. We all thought he would never be cured or speak plain again. We could not understand him at all. After taking four or five doses of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure he was able to Speak plain. I have never seen anything to adt so quickly. I have had four bottle; alto- gether, and he is quite cured." INF Lu EN zA SUBDUED IN 24 HOURS. In no single instance has Vena's Lightning Cough Cure failed to subdue Influen7a. within 24 hours. During the epidemic which raged throughout North America in 5397, it reduced the deathmate to such an extent that Physicians never hesitated to prescribe it. It is also an excellent remedy for Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, and Whooping Cough, being far superior to the many common, cheap, syrupy mixtures so often sold., ASK FO R— VETi 0' S LIGHTNING . CO LI al4 CIS IR £ and see you getit Price t/ri and 219 of all Chemists and MediCino Vendors. , A WARNING —There are so many common, cheap misturea palincd Off upon the public, that a warning is necessary'. • Insist upon having VENO'S!

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. WARRINGTON FOOTBALL! CLUB. ---- Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. , FIRST TEAM. DATE. CLUE. GROITED, 1931. . Points For Jag's I Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford ..,„ away 6 2 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn home 10 3 Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 23 Halifax 30 St. Helens ....... ........., hame 11 5 Deo. 7 Batley • 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield home 5 0 , 25 Leigh 26 Runcorn ... away 5 2 ' 28 Widnes ... away 3 4 1 1902. I jan. 1 Bradford home 8 19 4 Hull 11 Halifax . home 2 6 18 Swinton ' away 6 8 25 Broughton Rangers home 5* 10 Feb. 1 Salford home postponed , 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home 0 0 - .26 Huddersfield away 6 0 Mar. 1 Salford ... away 6 16 3 Hull 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 6 0 22 Chip Tie 28 Good Friday • 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan • RUNCORN. DATE, CLUB. - GROUND. 1901. • Points For Ag st Sep. 7 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 21 Halifax home 11 28 Warrington away 3 1 . . Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 3 14 Brighouse Rangers away 12 19 St. Helens 23 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 _ Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley . home 13 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Chechire 13 Dec. 7 Huddersfield away 5 2 • 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cum. 14 ' 21 Broughton Rangers home postponed 25 (Xmas Day) Widnes away 7 12 . 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home 2 5 98 Salford home 6 2 ' 1902. Jan. 1 Hull 4 Broughton Rangers 11 Wigan; home 8 5 18 Leigh away 0 2 25 Hunslet away 13 7 . Feb. 8 Brighouse Rangers .. away 6 2 . 'll (Shrove Tuesday) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradfori . home 911 5 Oldham 8 Salford away 0 0 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 2 2 19 Re-played Cup Tie, Leigh home 22 Cup Tie lAN CASHI RE SENIOR COMPETITION. WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. rPomts For Ag'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 '2B Alerincham home 28 0 , Oct. 6 Morecambe away 7 0 ' 12 Radcliffe away 14 3 . 19 Wigan home '8 6 26 Birkenhead home 16 7 26 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 StOckport may 2 0 9 Harrow home 13 4 16 Altrincham 23 30 Millom home 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Rovers 14 Lancaster home 29,,, 5 21 Lancaster away postponed 25 (Christmas Day) Runcorn home 12 7 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 warrlngton home 4 3 1902. Jan, 4 Hull Kingston /trivets 11 Barrow away postponed s 11 Lancs. V. Cumberland. In Lanes. 19 3 18 Radcliffe 25 Stock port Feb, 1 Rochdale liorz,ets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home postponed 4 23 Warrington ar. 1 'Leigh 8 St Helens . hor.oe 2 3 15 Cup Tie. Askam 19 Wigan e 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie 't April 5 • Cup ate ' 2 Mlllom away , ST. HELENS. PATE.' CLUB. GROUND, 1901. Points For Agi t Sep. 7 , Wigan away 2 8 14 Lancaster h.eme 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 28 Rochdale Hornets away 9 2 Oct. 5 Barrow home 3 7 12 Stockport away 0 3 19 Runcorn home 0 2 25 Lancaster away 4 17 26 Lanes. v Cheri:llre, in Lance. 8 8 Nov. 2 Radcliffe away 19 0 11 Warrington home 9 17 16 Bir kenhead away 5 0 23 Millom away 8 6 30 Warrington away 5 11 Dec. 7 Radcliffe home 23 6 14 Barrow away 5 7 21 Morecambe away postponed 25 (Chriamas Day) 26 Bank Holiday) Leigh 28 Wigan away postponed . 1902. ' Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 Altrincham away 11 0 11 Hull Kingston Rovers 16 Stockport - 25 Birkenhead Feb. 1 Altrincham . home 35 0 8 Millom 15 Birkenhead home postponed 22 Leigh. away 13 3 Mar. 1 Morecambe home 3 2 a Widnes t 15 Cup Tie, Hull Kingston R away 0 7 1 . ' Imeuarries IN THE BLOOD.—" We have seen hosts of letters f rem people wile have received great benefit from the , use of Clarke's Blood Mixture .cannot be too highly esti- I mated for it cleanses and clears the blool from all impuri- ties. This is a good testimonial from the " Family Doctor.' I which goes on further to say ; "It Is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill havo brought to lightiand we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our sub- scribers and the public generally." For Scrofula. Scurvy. Jimmie. Bad Legs. Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousand of testimonials. Clarke's Blood Mixture Is soldieverywhere at 2s 9dper bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and sub- tutee. Ad vt (4). FLORILINE I—ro s, THE TEETH AND BREATH. -Thorough, cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prev‘nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar warty whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price is. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilina ..,Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. Adet • VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE iiIIII.-11 your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every awe, grey or white hair to Its nriginal colour. It makes the hair charmingle beautiful, as we las promoting the growth. Price 3s 63 per bottle.— A d ate Te MoTdERS.—Mrs. Winslow's. Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty wears by millions of mothers for their Thildren while teething, with perfect sucrose. It will relieve the roorsufferer Immediately It is pleasant to taste ; and producea natural noiet steep, ny relieving the child from pain and the lane .nernb awakes .. as bright sass button." Of all Chemise.. Is lid ner hol-frie. Advt. CLARICE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to care, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mernilt7. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, Of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- 011t the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The I Lineen and Midland LCounties Drugaompany Lincoln.— . -

AFIOVISTEEL: ' for Ladies.lPl LLS A trltEtiCH ItittarSOY bUrliatolllllllll. BLUER APPLH, PLf OOiLiAC, PIiNNYHOYAL, ac. Price 46. 6d. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON.

HAVE you • A BAD. LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Weiaeol surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you press our finAer on the inrned part it leaves the unpression? If so, under the skin you have Poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, yen never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees' are saollen, the jeintsbeinguleerated.ticesame with the auldea„ round which the skin may be die. coloured, Of there May be wounds: the disease. if crowed to continue,will depripe ion of the power to walk. You mai have a4ended Xarious hospitals and advineantbbeen toldydur case is hopelesa, or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for 1. ran cure you. I don't say perhapa. but I will. Because others have failed. It is no reason X should. Send at once a Postal Orderlor is. 60. to R. W. ALBERT, 73: l'arringdmetre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasthoprier Ointinent and PSI_,L3 which is acertain remedy'fOr the care of Bad Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Beni% kW', Bunions. ißegisteredCopyrisht.l •

OLD FALSE TEEM BOUGHT. V[any ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused .ITJ false teeth, which might as well be turned into money. MESSRS B. D. & J. B. FRASER, LTD.. PRINCES STREET, IPSWICH, rESTAB. 1853). Buy old false teeth. If you send your teeth to them they will renslt you by return of post the utmost value ; ,or. if preferred they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth ov,a for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs .Mun & Co. Bankers. Ipswich.

• is wonderful water proofer for ROOTS It HAR ItC, . Sof- Dales, tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow pcKsh- log with blacking. COLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIDLIPJT L. 11:Ubulli•i A.WA IDS. pa Tins ad.. 6d., If- er, 2/6 of Boot Makers, Sa.et'ers, !roman pert doe. Mame/Wore East Daley:eh, Irvidon.

oftit , v-,r;ri lfft,Fr ,s., ~ a; Iv ,ipki A . S ....r:„.... , .4 .• f 7„. ~.:, . 1,0,,, Ak,filAt s• L; 1.,' ''.,, . .'h; . . ~. ~,, ~->.- ---4.1.:11?„•,..._,),-:.....p 4 4"'"',:-.,' ~ ,A7....17:'''. :i''' f,,,,;:-.:--'-'; ••••el,”11. ' ' . 114 4.4', - .440.. •%-o",r ,l'AF4'. : 04,', Aikr!')l ti0%4;11 , 4.- • 4i*Pci P.::4 k ' .—:- 7 -7, ,* -,, 6 - 4 ~, —;,;111,,Vv1-klk`":4'S.' : ~,! 114 63 LO'../-: -,,Wrisii* re.. '4'l -. LARGEST .;-. • ~...1- —.....y.r., p c,1,. c.i.f.:, CA .1$ A , . 3Filam 0 ~ TO THE PTUFEED , - ~ • i, - x,:.!.:,......4. ~ , ..A...tis ~.. ~...._,et, .1.....4.,.4,..t.t..... , ......_......... wiA, K ,DD (from a Photo) ---------- GLE,,c,,NI LAND, Ii I.ILY, ABERDEENSHIRE. Mr. KIDD having cured himself of Rupture by Dr. R ice's method, desires others to know of this new cure. A free sruirtple and ‘ books will be sent to any afflicted person that writesto Dr. W. S. RICE, -..,),,,,l fila,) 9, Stonecutter St., N, i_nn ?c,,,, LC.

R 0 YA L STAN LLi Y 0 YC LidS tCoventrys7eiTe ... . ....., GENTS' ROADSTERS with choice of , three different cornhina.tions- in A 7( rAveo Free Wheels, two Brl,kes.- Plated Rims, Clincher Tyres, X 8 : 15: O. ,7f cash, or in 12 Monthly Payments of ',--"--"- - 18/3 each. Write for our List, we czn save you 51- in tho t through dealing with us direct 'O. ill willingly send Machines on approval. Also Machines of genuine 1502 8.5.A.-er Wile Fittings, teem ~L 8:2 : 5 cash. Cuilt to suit customer's own wishes. The Royal Stanley Cycle eo. Coventry.

C 1.".".... • , In excr from FACTORY to Public 13 rj V 41- per month, :4 LI I Gas,' payments.nts. ' A as shown, cash CAR in tan, price, 32/- t green, or blue. Sent on approval, ear- %s. ,' riage paid. Our offer saves. you 5/- in the Z., being the usual re. taileraprofit. Catalogue of many other styles on application. Spare-time agents wanted. !Direst Public Supply Cu., Odiviintryi

TUB WANT Olv THE IDA). MAKES NTABILIdEI) LINEN LIKE NEW. ,z ~,,THBEOO43NRIteATTergNoi . 'C4.' 1. 'to .1 . ~. ,„ •-% , , ;,..,, , fered to the Laundress ~,,I, ' ;:':.,:,, , ,—. ~, ~,•*1,,,„:•,, fw. imparting an Ivory ~ t, "., „" ,4i,,, .. • 4- 4",;"%t-....„.„.1, finish t e Stan:4W . , ,r4:4),1' ...,-,•A Linen, Lam, etc. a 'T'"•1",,:i*,,,,,„„ , '',...,i,4 , does not stick to spider- web - like materials. IlitiOnse tried always. 1 %anted. Moed in tho no yaf Laundries, ' Sfaitild be used 14 bkisse. gold isir eitir.t by Stareh baera in Pockets, ak and 8.1. lik•eparil..l ossiv T. CRI TotLer, BlacPbsern.

YOUR MONEY BACK fl Holroyd's Gravel Phis are not a positive cure for Lumbago. Pains in the Back, Gravel. Wind, Dropsy. Water Complaints, Gout, Kidney Disease, eta, Try one box 15. 10., all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps, HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL 'HALL, Cleckheaton, Yorks.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINCS. lanelish and Foreiwn Picture F ames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildlag a Speciality. Largest Stork of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTKRN ECON. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlargea to 166 p..ges, JUST PEELIS ritt With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 52 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application. MO BELL, 17 arid 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOWISBAY LON, DON W • • Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's 'Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphie Address : —.• Sabbitry, Louden."

INSTANT • RELIEF! INSTANT RELIEF, • RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF' GOUT AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY IT EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.] [I, ONIB BOITLS °UMW I! IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONR. 68, Northumberland-street, North-street, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Rotten. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901. Slr,—l have mueh pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout iss my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed. eured me. I have net taken- any for two years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when I was taken with it egain in the arm and It has restored me to health. They set like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely, two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to M. KELLY. msny of my friends.—Yours truly ROBSRT A. HARDIE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious Are perfectly safe in their Fictions, eliminate all Injurious I matter. and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative Sold everywhere in bottles, IS 10. and 2,9 d.. or sent Soldleverywhere in Bottles, is lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P. 0 by the proprietor, post free fer stamps or P. 0 by the Proprietor GEORGS SAD% 232, Goswell-road, London. GEORGS RADE, 2.3 z., Eloswell-read, London. EADE'S GOUT ec RHEUMATIC PILLS.

rf •AyA,' 711111 i' 1 4,, r..1,,,,..r,..• ' :I' L, '' -,.. 1.- .4: - ' • 1 i. 7. --- i',, ,•1 0 1 ) il PlfrSTI 2 Y. Elf . ~ ii 0P : • t r , 11.1012 f USIAG M ernet 1 lelism.Wkw LSW it "Every sho• fits not every foot," but XL. COR POLISH (Highly recommended by the trade), Snits every shoe or boot, or any article made of leather. It lives a most brilliant polish with very little labour, and being entirely free from all injurious acids or spirits enables the leather to retain it 9 natural elasticity and thus prevents it cracking or becoming mouldy. e are made under the most approved scientific methods. The Leather Creams POLISHES are a boon to all-stablemen, coachmen, etc., because they keep their requisitea waterproof. The Furniture Polish is what every housewife requires. Once tested it will always be used. To be obtained of all grocers or bootmakers, or of the ' XLOOR 25, VICTORIA STREET, POLISH 120, WESTMINSTER, LONDON, 13.11.

Chair Bedstead. A comfort to every home. Can he used as 4)4 - CHAIR, COUCH, OR BEDSTEAD. 1616 at Works. Iron Chair, 61t. by 2 ft., with Massive - Brass Front Legs, and Three Cretonne , , Cushions, with Two Arm Pads. G. E. FOWLES & Co., 88, DURHAM ROAD, BIRMINGEAM.

re . dmic 4 etelttep c„0 alt ;12 CURES who all other Remedies fails IT ACTS ,LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAM AILO;THROBRINLIIAND SOOI CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. At Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1 of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON, Chemists', CHELTENHAM.

IA AI lz Li* GOUT Ef X.A FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The excruciating IPsin is quickly relleN ed. Sere, Sale effective. All Chemists and Store, at ls. Id. and 2a 9d

DON'T COUCH USE kEATINC'S LOZENCES FOR YOUR COUCH• JOST DOCTOR WILL TELL You, "there Ii no better Cough Ifediclue."—One Ores • relief: 11 you salter from cough try them but ones; they irel cure, and they Intl • • not injure your health;.sn Increasing ffeeirovf SO years 183;1.c:data teat of

WATCH & CHAIN FON ONE DAY'S WORIt 0111111 d, Boys ap_a irlit•ls can get a, IgICI,FEL• PLATED WATCH, also a Cilaqtaid en ARM, for sellmall dozen I. s of • BETllbill at Pirepelfee eanh. Hen your ' full address including name of finality. I by return mall. and we will forward the Moine post paid, and a large premium list. No money re, uired. BLDINE Co. (Department Fib, ••• 241, Gipsy Road,,Weet Norwood, London, SM.

WOMAN'S UNFAILINO FRIEND t in OW sP E NaIIsYTREOEY L PILLS FOR FEMALES. conuror ALL IRRLOULANITIES, 11E:1IOVE ALL essrnucTioss, naLinvP. THE DISTRESSING SVAIPTOSIS O YREVA.LENT wrxft Tax sex. Boxes, 144 8: 2,9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Co., 66, Long ROW, NOTTINGHAM. ~•imlit,r. manna, and 'waters.

---BENSON'S , WATCHES AND ENGAGEMEN-C RINGS. THE BEST VALUE AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. 0'

_ -- -- -- ----- --- ---.- ---- --- ---- -'•.s , ~I'-"'_:,,- ,Plfl, r N, , ,L,.,. --N ~,,, - -= -- - .... . . ~,;),•,:.5 st .r 4§, Afg Wel& 1 = =-, -- • - - _ -,=_ - --- -----.,7 * f - - - I . --f.-=-= -= ,,t Air • cr iiiii: ' : , 4.. ---7-_E.:_-,---4_!-------r---- ----- . -rir•;:-..„-•,„ 4,,,,,,,- et: ",,' ~-;-... ~.X• ppl 1LT,,PZ60.47`6,. 1 -5...: -go` \ ...... -•,,,k •,,till --,..":%.-eiirez,- Zaiireg Sz. Brilliants , I --:A- , • .s.) 4.- Y „ ll'll Ilrbles o S ' o oti • ,iii B;illiaaP&sh,lre 1 ~..------........-Z-÷_ ........ . .. 1, ', 215. i 1,•111 46,,____----___-_-_,...e i„q‘.. . :7„,-.=;------..--v7=--.,---..--;---____'_'_- , ---'-_-_-,„ ~,--Wr• /6). Aar,Vl 4= ----"7-.1":" • 16' ~--;.ze::' ' i'ti ..A.:„._ : , ~,, -übies, ier,-,77.7., f!'.;•.---, ~, myr '',) y",..i.,:7'...Wir, il'il , Brilliaclts, 1. 'l'l *Z-•_'''.i- ' sii /f - N. tl .' £lO. • i\\t,`f ....,,,,-.1 1„ --)10)' ~,.:- u - ~:, -7 ' f ..,\_ '' j . „„. .e..F.,., :::•-•*, , 1, . . ,'''-_,, ...a. , ~,-.., ..".,,N7---','_A ...-.,:,•a1c0i".., Sapphire 6:. Brilliants, - £6 . 15s. ..t. p , ' -.- _ - f,N ' " ' or --- "0- - - 1.... •-i-,- g,. .4-,-&..,0.-,-6-_,-.- „.., .......i,..,,,.,,,.. p,e-,--, -, , erw,o-.).„,„ , ,eif • • '`',',. .?,; T.., ~.*/ IQ' 1.7...;f4t..,.7thi ; ~,0".".;,:•,.A..-...„7,:l ••••11. ~""a-,'";04,1 ,:;.1 l Brilliant, .',7''‘-.- .s.--- Pearl::: A: Turquoise. £1 . 12e. ,`• '''' ' i:....;_.21"..Y.:_'..', 1 --;:-.' ...._'."!! .'. If.' .311 iet..i;}:"6l- -,, The Ladies' Presentation Watch and Chain, ...., ...I •••0"*.;,,' In Case complete, £7 . 10s. • Brilliant &Rubies, Rubies & Britliantn, E 1 . 12s. Silver English Levers, London Made, from £3 .103. £2 . 14s. 'WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE et our rink, to PH pnrts of the World for P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O. OLD WATCHBS end JEW ELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE BENSON'S BOOK of Watches from £2 to .15C3. 9r•ooss. CHAINS, Eztomarantrrr RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS. " IMpEprAr. " al SILVER PLATE ' - and CUTLERY, ei.C. Sent Post Free. J s W. BENSON, finaA ^l: i . .9 Nteam Factory, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. NOT E.—Order Form and full particulars of "The Times" system of purchase Post Free.

WORVII A GUINEA A 002 C. . tiAt. 1 .'r '4 .• ', •,, ~ ' i W,....... I, Z.i• „..,,,. +.. ef I A ‘: & 4 le rroi . qq. • ~., ~_..,_, ' 4,0. r- i itt. '"1 :44 's • ":: , 4 "ktiirk. i- .; 1 .• - '4f4`44. ' fOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDER, Sick Haadacha, Conzetipation9 WinEL

Prepared. only by the Proprietor, TROMAS Br.r.citAat, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold. everywhere.

••• • .7 V;., PILLS t.T„. CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS. .

manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

I. : ~ ,;', • -,,,,.. $ oi , E.ED`,--,i,.„. ..... . _ „ ,--CII4OUND , ..-, ~.v. ....,,,,7 ‘,4,,0c r•••••` 'FA_ \ 1 . bollab 'l, . . '''', '',761.#3 Coin,- • ''' "2' 6.sSficfe ii/Seeu 4 - 4'.Vi • or , FOR.. I '4'll *ls' A. k '4(l' tirCi fiS , 6',1, .;s':' - , ' , ,• , , ~ , „ / . ' i \ I 1/11 1, r" :', A . '-.4,4's ,11...,akcifKlYTIS_. ALL CHEMISTS :. TY.2011C110117,42fAi uRITAIII 8 Tnr. COLCIIII3 . .:.,,,, I /MUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. .) •:- •:. I FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS, 1 SICK,NEAD;f,,C.I-15, BILIOUS DERANGEMENTS. &e N CREEABLE APERIENT. 1 "KAYS TIC PILLS- •:. -:. -:* ", ::• •••• 1 CURE FACEAGME & NEURALGIA. VERY SERVICEASLE IN NERVE COMPLAINTS. ..---- AVOID /AI/TAT/ONO.

BIRD'S CUSTARD POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It. satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

c.Ask your grocer for ir ! • , ... Tf , .f',. .',.; ~. -. . ~.i.4.4,.. ~...4.:.,,...,,,,..,t,..:GT0N . - .. . t_33tx A . ~,...., .., • 4,,, •. • d 4 741 , - ~,,,,,,, Th. e'4?P:rt's. 'i: The an ,(beep ,L,:is 4s ~,,,....,.....: d tne bey: 1,,L„ • , 4 A CUP OR A GALLON CAN BE MADE AS REQUIRED. Zitill':: Y. M INGTON &Co. 0- URGH &LON DOi

juNo CYCLES ARE ri4E VERY BEST. FOR FREE LADIES a GENTLEMEN. ,574 WE,„,. Carriage Paid toollparts. 13/4 . ly.MOl C) Sit 05121110E1UL PATNIENTS. ( £ll 1.7435.55: 1:43/11'824:. rirestr6l " g 9 13$: 17/6 • . POST LH 08. 20/. ^ \ 111 1 Is. 21/-, ens... Write at once for NEw SEASON'S LIST, over 100 pages, end •"^' over Mie illustrations, of JUNO Cycles and latest Cycling Accessories. at lower prices than any other house. Sent post free METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' Co., Ltd. my_pt. 75. iitishopsgate Street Without. London, E.C., 258 PISNIMISAN Cream 1441E80N, V,. DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly cerebrated all over the world as the most. safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rherimitisre Weakness across the Loins, Sandy m other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges. ant) Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many mAnoiaints, supposed to be nervous. often arise soldy from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried nff by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, wib the words, 'WALTER DE POOs., LONDON." thereon, by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietors Holford BOMA. Holford-sauare. lora^"•

• THB NRW FRRNIJH RRMUDY. ET no -Auo- This sucaessful snd highly E11_14.11 • popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals b 3 Rloord Elostan,Jobert. Veipean. and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for Impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, paints and ewer,. tugs of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges „piles. gravel, pains In the back, rbeu- ma'am, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical eschaus- tirk., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, sod d according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to • MR. R. ZOIINSON. 43, HOtroaD-6QUalte, LONDOS , W.O

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIA. TION FOOTBALL LEAGUE. Position of clubs up to March 15th 1902 : Goals Clubs Played Won Lost nwn For Apt Pts "Burtonwood Warrington Trinity l6 ...13 ... 1 ... a ... 36 ... 7 —26 Bewsey All Sainte Latchford 2O . 9 . 6 . 5 .34 ...19 ...23 Latchford Britannia • St. Austin's ... l7 .. 8 ... 5 ... 4 ... 27 ...20 ...20 St. Mary's 16 . 7 .. 6 . 3 .. 30 ...22 —l7 Frod.hain Pariah Ohurch 19 ... 6 —lO ... 3 ... 24 ...46 —l5 Stockton Heath lB 6 —ll ... 1 ... 28 ...33 ...13 Rlchnicnde A.F.O lB . 4 —ll ... 3 ... 37 -.42 —ll • Runcorn Pariah Church l9 ... 4 ...12 ...3 ... 15...46 —ll Dareabury 17... 3 ...11 ... 3... 21 -.51 ... 9 ' Guardian," A.F.C. l3 ~ 2 .15 1 . 13 ...68 ... 5 *Two points deducted for breach of rules.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PNIVATE DENTISTRY. E ETIL Appointments unnecessary,,but may be arrange& TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed required.dhrend the coat TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mo,ferate charges. TEETH. An !CD., also Lady Attendants. TEETIL P-,nlees Exotpcili3tnroausshltiliiedr:::, by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,900nrallene weekly. Mors. Of the late J. al PARKINSON (pummel, BY it xAm MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS .. MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREEt WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. BIiNnORN, 31. BRI DGE-STRE ET TquEsDAY, 2 to 5. APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

BIRTH. KNOWLES—On the 14th thst at 127, Lovely-lane, Warringtoll the wife of J Taylor Knowles of a daughter;

FRIARS GREEN, Warrington Om. site Arpley Station, Alao at MANOR/ISM:I-ROAD, (late Essenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Deeign2 and Hatimatee Free. LBTTER CUTTING. AND °LOANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECI &LITT,
