===== 0002601_19020131_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AND FANCY

LEATHER GOODS

BERESFOR DS,

M AN UFACTU HERS 77, C _ HURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RURAL DISTRICT ETAT MENT OF RECEIPTS AND PAYMENTS FOR RECEIPTS. e s. d, 1 Ealance broncht forward from half year ended I Maintenance and repair of Roads ~,. 31st March. 1901 • 3446 49 I other than main roads 3566 15 0 Vontributions from 0 rerseers in respect of. l Salaries and other remuneration General Expenses 2576 0 0 of Officers Special, Expenses 903 2 6 Establishment Charges . _ .-- 3418 Z 6 Total

146 13 4 50 8 10

thaw under Agricultural Rates Act. 3.896— Amount applicaable to General lbrpenees ........ ........ ...... 443 10 1 Amount applicable to Special Ilapenaes

h ,deseerage Works ...... Waterworks ............ r

5 3 11

445 14 0 3qll 0 34 8 4

, I.' I'43'll:lents by other Local'Authorities....- Jrrivate street Improvement Works Water Rates within the district for domestic ~ Purposes er receipts in connection wins Water Works 3 10 o'l "videncis on property ... Is: Contrib a t I o n 8 by parents under Elementary ~ Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act 1893 L341:1k Interest ;nire of Steam Roller ! lie Payments by overseers, &c ... 2 11 2 - I

£7895

LOAN ACCOUNT.

COUNCIL OF RUNCORN. 'HE HALF YEAR ENDED mu SEPTEMBER, 1931, PAYMENTS. £ s. d.

- - Payments for Highways 3763 17 2 Sewerage Works Waterworks Hospital Expenses Cost of Disinfectants &c. public Lighting 142 13 8 Duat Removal or House scavenging' • B5 6 0 Under ElemenfarY Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act 1863 Repayment of Loans and interest on Loans.— Principal. Interest. 196 210 9474 173 1. 3 136 2 3

10 10 0

389 4i zao 9 7 ------ 599 Salaries and 13 8 other remuneration of Officers 416 6 8 Establishment Chatges Election Expenses .

Total payments 630 10 11 Net balance at the end of the 2265 7 0 half-year 17 11

===== 0002601_19020131_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
s. d. 2 5. d ?let balance at the end of the half year

2802 13 8

The AC3 °unto. of which the foregoing le an Abstract. were al '47 Of ha nary 1902, and ere certified by him to be correct

£6O 1 .8

iudited by Walter Young Esq.. District Auditor on the 24th and legal. 080. F, ASHTON, CLERK TO TINE COUNCIL.

EADE 8 GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS CURE GOUT. "Since taking your pills lam a different man."— Thomas Haines, 28, Vincent-street, Canning Town,E. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATISM. "Cured after suffering over two years."—Mr Elford, 53. New Lloyd-street, lOrkstall-road, Leeds. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE RHEUMATIC GOUT. "One bottle of your pills has restored me to health."— M. Kelly, 58, Northumberland-street, Poplar, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE SCIATICA. "Your pills cured main two days."--RJ Macdonald, 79, Rose Hill-terrace, Brighton. EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE LUMBAGO. "1 was out of bed with my boots on the day after taking your pills,"—J. R.Rogers,ls, Hanover-st.,Leeds. E ADIL'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE HEAD. I recommend your pille,as there is nothing to beat them."—Stephen Webb, 35, Parkside-street, S.W, EADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE PACE. "The day after taking only three pills I was almost well."—Philin Brans, 32. Archer-street, Bayswater, W. E ADE'S GOUT PILLS CURE PAINS IN THE LIMBS. " I could get no rest, so got your pills and soon got relief.'—A. J. Page, 28, Abbey-street, Greenhays, Manchester. EADE'S GOUT PILLS. THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL " I had not been out of bed for two mouths, bat before the uills had gone could get about."—John Latham, Oxford-street, Coalville East. Leicestershire. FL'ADE'S GOUT PILLS. RELIEVE IN ONE HOUR. RAPID CURE. "After taking the pills I have never felt rheumatic pains since."—W. White, 2, Lyndhurst-cottages, Hay- wood's-heath, Sussex. E EAD'S GOUT PILLS, • MADE BY A PRACTICAL CHEMIST. "They say there are some pills worth a guinea a aim; If that is so yours are worth a guinea a pill."—Alfred Hague, butcher, Stooksbridge, Deepcar. VADE'.3 GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS J 24 Are Sold by all Chemists. In bottles. Is. lid. and 2.5. ed., or sent post free for stamps or postal order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell-road, London.

Mr. HODGKINSON, 34, 46, & 48, BRIDGE I.7.TRRET, wARRING YON. CLEARANCE SALE OF HIGH CLASS DRAPERY COMMENCES TUESDAY, AN. 2,Bta, 1602.

Upwards of 10,000 yards of various kinds of Coloured DRESS MATERIALS to be cleared. Several thousand yards of choice BLACK DRESS FABRICS.—A large number of hand- some BLACK ROBES. A lsrge stock of Evening DRESS FABRICS, , SILK and Lace and Net Robes, iro. About 2,000 yards of tick BLACK DRESS SILK, About 3,000 yards of Coloured Glace and FANCY SILK to be cleareo. A NUMBER OF HANDSOME NIANTLEP.. • Also about 250 JACKETS, WATERPROOFS, AND GOLF CAPES TO BE CLEARED. A splendid lot of HIGH CLASS TAILOR- MADE COSTUMES (great bargains). A magnificent stock of RICH. FURS to be cleared. LARGE STOCK OF LADIES' UNDERWEAR • In CAMBRIC, WOOLLEN, SPUN SILK, Szo, About 400 pairs of CORNETS. Abaut 100 Silk, MOREEN, Sze., Under—kirts. A splendid lot of silk Slips, Blouses and Shirts, great bargains. Thousands of yards of LACES, EM- BROIDERIES, RIBBON, Eze. A large number of Hands ime LACE COLLARS. About 800 pairs Kid, Suede and TEIFFETA GLOVES. About 400 pairs LADIES and CHILDREN'S HOSIERY. A large number of TRAVELLING TRUNKS, HAND BAGS, TRAVELLING RUGS, Szc.

HOUSEHOLD DRAPI3ItY. Ladies' will find this an excellent opportunity to purchase—an enormous stock sroll be offered, conanrising about 300 pairs IVORY WHITE and ECRU LACE CURTAINS. About 651 pairs FRILLED MADRAS, CLUNY and SWISS CURTAINS. 500 yards FRILLED and FRINGED CUR- TAIN, MUSLINS,. , Upwards .of 3,000 yards Various Flannels Viyella --CeyTonWnite and Natural &c. LaiGE utrANTUT OF T 'AB A 14N. CirJfqK Comprisior, WRITE •and GREY TABLE LINEN, NAPKINS, ETC. D'OYLEYS, ETC.—Several Hundred' Fancy Linen TEA CLO ras, DUCHESSE and SIDE- BOARD CLOTHS. About 200 Pairs WHITE and SCOURED

SHEETS to be Cleared.-50 WHITE 3nd COLOURED COUNTERPANES. A SPLENDID LO T. A Lame Stock of DOWN QUILTS and BL ANKETS. —Enormous quantity of PILLOW CASES, TOWELS, Etc., to BE CLEARED.

FURNISHING DEPARTMENT. IN OR NEW FURNISHING DEPARTMENT, 34, BRIDGE-ST., 2 doors from our prrsent premises, we shall offer a SpTendid Stock of CARPEL'S, LINO- LEUMS. REARM RUGS, CHAIRS, BAMBOO BOOK-CASES, TABLES, ETC.. ETC. Also a Lame Stook of TAPESTRIES, ART SERGES, PLUSFIETTES, Eve.. Etc,, The Eotire Stock in this Dvartment is quite new, and only purchased recently. CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, Etc., made and • fitted free of charge during the Sale. 34., 46, I& 48, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•w

===== 0002601_19020131_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I-

===== 0002601_19020131_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
T. . -.....0, -...... 4 .., I . ....4, 14.4. '<* . . 4,... • . ~,, 1(...,...1 I ,: , L. ... Q......." .„ . . . . „.. ~..-41 . ,5: ~,..„., 1 4:t. 4 L, . , '," V '''t ' I T , .., , • , , )....:N.• \• 0, ; 1111 V, Cttl'' , "" " re: .k,_ t::,:c)ty., 4 ..., 4, • , . . - _ . . .

ONE PENNY.,

FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1902.

BY POST{ IS yjid per Quarter, 61 6d per annum is gd. pet Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19020131_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1190.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
....

===== 0002601_19020131_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL KINDS OF PRINTING- FOR

CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c, PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES on BAZARS.

PROGRAMMES

--- FOR SALES OF WORK.

JOHN W,ALKE R & CIO. BE IT SRI" STRE 4; WARRINGTON.

• IMPORTANT. DE. CLARKE'S TANGERINE EMULSION SPEEDILIE RELIEVES COUGH. BRONCEIITIS.

--WHOOPING COUGH, IRRITATION, ETC. As Tangerine Emulsion contains neither ("Mates nor Narcotics, it can be taken by persons of all ages without loss of Appetite. Constipation, or other evil effects. ls. lid. per bottle, from JOHN WILLIAMS AND SON, LTD.. Stores, and Medicine Vendors, etc. See Testimonials. POST PRES Is. 4d.

SCHAUB AND Co., 17, BRAZENNOSE-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19020131_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\•

===== 0002601_19020131_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S •HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FRENCH rOLISFIRRS.

CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, &c.

FIRST-CLASS W ORKMANSHIP.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKMEN SENT TO ALL FARTS OF THE

COUR TRY. ESTIMATES FREE.

BM EDISON WAS WITH MESSRS. GARNETT

===== 0002601_19020131_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
AND SONS FOR 36 YEARS.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRI; ATff

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary I but may arranged_ TEETH All consultations free, TEETH. each patient infonr d beforehand of work required. TEETH. Sold and other fillings at mode:etc charges. TEETH. An N.D., also Lady Lttendants. TEETH. Painless ll:traction as hitherto by the of Nitrous ()aide. TEETH. Maker to pfitictsys of 10,000 gallons weekly.

B=ore, of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(Dzirna? Er liztic.)

MANCHESTER-,_-...-46, MOSLEY-STREE r (Telephone 1680).

MR. -M-ADDisoN ATTENDS ST. RELENfi --GRORGE-STREn MONDAI , 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON ....- ——3 A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN —.......—...-31, BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICH— 18. APPLFIMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATON, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION.

ESTIMATES GIVRN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

r 4 IHE W ARRINGTON SLATE 'JO., .1.4 D SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FEI3II THE QUARRIES OF TEE • BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGBNTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFICE AND WHARF ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. tlo*Tßlrlinvp nn..l Brannh (Mine Votrotnn fitrpot 107.reInvfnn

R. HOLLINGWOUTEL AND CO., MOSAIC, AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST: JAMES'-ST.REET, LATCH FORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA EXTENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. &e. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church and Chapel Paremenbe. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telecrams ROLLINGWORTH, Latchford."

===== 0002601_19020131_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANGE OF ADDRESS.

C. H. MILLS

(SON OF " CHOPSTICKS ") THE WELL-EXOW:f

WARRINGTON •HERBALIST

HAS REMOVED TO

===== 0002601_19020131_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
15 MILL-STREET (OFF THE FISH

MARKET) WARRINITTON.

- fßontp.

AonT tiaroomrtg3Loperororetpot:itbeotA Deeds vaneiig 8111211) to suit borrowers. in any pa.rt of the oountry.--J. W. REARKR, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 51es2•

TONEY.-210 To .£soo.—Money.—Cash advanced to all 171 respectable douseholders, Farmers, Tracesmen, Shop- keepers, and to all classes worthy of credit, In sums varying I rom

£lO, £l5, £2O. £3O, VO, and upwards on written promise to repay. with or without sureties. To be repaid by Weekly, Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments. Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the Citowk ADVANCII CO., 6. Brown-street, Market-street,Manehester.

'THE WIDNES INVESTMENT. AND BANKING COMPA.NY, 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER IRE 0031- Acts 1862 AND 1E95. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,000. LOANS OP £5 TO £SX3 are made from periods of one mouth to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position or the applicant. Also upon Deeds ot Property, Building Society Scrip, Policies of Arsurance, Ac. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO Tkiß JAANA.LSER.

.£5, £7, £lO, .£2O, £3O, £5O, .£lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMIMLS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- title Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION PURELY 91VEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, Fool' OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : JOMN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Established at this Acpreas Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 10 £l.OOO. PROVINCIAL LOAN CO.. LONDON REGISTERED OFFICE 121, MERSEY STREET WARRINGTON THE aHoVE COMPANY IS PREPILED TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and othera on reason- able terms. PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS. For Further particulars write or call upon J. WADSWORTH. DISTRICT MANAGRII. 121, MERSEY STREET. WAN/WIGTON.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY

nom £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED.

NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER, HIS OWN LIMN. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received Busy- HUNDREDS OF LETrims OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, Bee pamphlets, which. with Prospectus, terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, AccouNTANT COUNTY PALATINII BUILDINGS, C 1.10014 LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDI-k,-TREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOU6- PATBST BELF-li AlBll\l6 FLOU I. OMB TRIM ALWAYS USED

''PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

INVITATION is the sincerest flattery. AGE cherishes as many illusions about the past Se youth about the future. WHEN fortune has knocked at your door, it will profit you nothing to prove an alibi. "1 nor n I make myself clear," said the water, as it passed through the filter. Gun: "No, sir; they are too dangerous. I don't allow my wife to wear hatpins." Puff: "How do you clean out your pipe? WHEN a woman tries to cultivate both her mind and her complexion, one or the other is sure to suffer.

JOHNNY: "My father's a policeman; what does your father do?" Jimmy: "What ma tells hint." _

TEMPERANCE LECTURER: "Friend, how can we atop the sale of liquor?" Inebriate (in the rear of the hall): "Give it away." "I Revs had to quit playing chess with Tomp- kins." " Why 1" "Well, he gets mad if I get sleepy and let him beat me." MRS. CHURCH: "Did you ever catch your husband flirting? Mrs. Gotham: "That's the way I did catch him."

WHENEVER you hear a man dissuading you from attempting to do well on the ground that it is a Utopian, ' beware of that man. "I ALWAYS test my poems by reading them to my wife," said the youthful poet. "I should think that was testing your wife rather than your poems," answered the candid friend. ISAAC: "Did you efer try gounting backward from van t'ousand ven you can't sleep ?" Cohen- atein : " Yes ; but dot gounting backward maiga me feel like I vos losing moneysh, undt I can't go to sleep at all 1" "It I gets ill, my dear, send me to the hos- pital." " What 1 Among all those pretty nurses ! Rather not 1" _

"PA, what is a hero?" "A hero is a man who tries to read a newspaper in the same room with a boy about your size." " EicnorrisTs say that trees contribute to the heat in the atmosphere." "That's so ; birch has warmed me up many a time." "COME, hubby," said the wife, shaking her sleeping husband as the train stopped at the station; "we're home." "Well, why don't you let me sleep ? " said the half-awake man; "what else do you suppose I came home for ? " IT is a poor consolation to the girl who has been stung by a bee to know that bees are partial to sweet things. YOUNG MAN: "Doctor, I have no appetite." Doctor (diagnosing case at a glance): "Then why don't you marry the girl?"

BIZZLEY : "You must dislike Newcomb very much '!" Grizzly : "I hate him as fiercely as a barber hates a baldheaded man with a full beard." Two next-door neighbours quarrelled, and one of them exclaimed, excitedly: "Call yourself a man of sense I—Why, you're next door to an idiot !"

_ MAUD "Between us, dear, I think the count's compliments rather crude. He told me the eight of my beautiful face actually made his mouth water." Edith: "The idea I I'm sure your face 'doesn't look quite that much like a lemon 1"

" WIIV do -you insist upon taking your wife out these dreadfully cold nights?' "Our doctor told her it was dangerous for her to talk in the open air and she believe c nim." Mans "Fine feathers do not make fine birds, you know." Boggs: "Perhaps not, but they make it possible for any old bird to be made up to deceive nine men out of ten." _

"Now, Bennie, here's the medioine, and here's the sixpence papa left to pav you for taking it." "All right, mamma. Ix yo:. cake it and don't tell I'll give you half."

UNEASY PASSENGER (on ocean steamship) : "Doesn't the vessel tip frightfully ?" Dignified Steward: "The vessel, mum, is trying to set hexample to the passengers." MINISTER: "I am sorry I didn't see you at church yesterday, Tummas." Tummas " Weel, ye see, it was siccan a wat day it wina fit tae turn a dug out in. But I sent the wife, sir." AT His MEncir.—Dentist (to old gentleman in chair): "Mr. Moneybags, I love your daughter and she loves me. Are you going to give your con- sent to our marriage, or shall I give the forceps another twist?" "Miss WeLmorra is much more sentimental than I thought. She keeps every letter that old lover of hers writes her." " That isn't senti- mental, my dear; it is good, hard, breach-of- promise set se." Scuoor. TEACHER: "Yes, my children, always remember there is no human love equal to a mother's love." Little Girl : " Womens love their ehildrens better than their husbands, don't they ?" "Very often." "Yes, indeed. When we gets the hiccoughs mamma gets sorry and tries to cure 'em, but when papa gets the hiccoughs she gets cross." "Mr wife never gets me up to cut the grass before breakfast." "Is that so?" " Yes • she tried it once, and I was so sleepy I ran the lawn. mower all over her flower beds. SHE: "Do you remember how you said, when you were courting me, that if I would marry you I would have nothing to do all my days but sit about and look pretty? And how different it is now !" He: " Well, it isn't my fault if you can't look pretty any more." THE ABSENT-MINDED POET: " Rtiymae, you seem to be in a brown study. Are you invoking the muse ? " "The muse ? " Mews? Ah, that is what I was trying to think of I I promised to take my wife and daughter to the cat show. Thank you." "WREN he saw the enemy coming, he turned and ran. I call that cowardice." "Not at all. It was strategy. He remembered that the earth is round, and he intended to run round and attack the enemy from the rear." LONG TO BE REMEMBERED—Wife: "We have been married twelve years, and not once have I missed baking you a cake for your birthday. Have I, dear ? Hubby: No my pet, I can look back upon those cakes as milestones in my life. CAPTAIN OF PLEASURE STEAMER: "Madam, it gives me great pain to be obliged to tell you that your little boy's hat has blown overboard." "Why, I thought it was tied on with a string." "Yes, that was just the trouble. The string did not break." A WORK on etiquette says, "A genteel carver always sits when he carves, and no doubt he does, as a rule; but it is certain that there are times when he yearns to put one foot on the table and the other on the bird while struggling with the fowl.

WOES OF A WIFE.—" Oh, that I should have married a funny man ! " she wailed. "What is the matter, lovey, dear?" asked her most intimate friend. "He came home and told me he had a sure way to keep a jelly from getting mouldy at the top, and when I asked him how, he said turn it upside down." MANVILLE (very much excited) : "He ruined me in business. He smirched my good name. He filched from me the girl I loved; but at last, ha ! ha! lam revenged 1" Jones: "Good gracious! What did you do?" Manville (hissing through his set teeth) : "I recommended him to spend his holidays at the seaside lodgings I had last year, and he's going to do it." VERY AWKWARD, INDEED.—The most awkward man in the world, without doubt, lives in Ten- nessee. He recently shot a dog, and in explaining the accident to the dog's owner shot him. Later in showing how the tragedy occurred, he shot the coroner. He has been liberated now for fear he will try to explain it to somebody else.

"HUBBY, did you post my letter?" "Yes, my dear; had to run like fury to catch the first post." "Why, here it is in your pocket now." 44 Hey ? Um—a—yes, so it is—no, this isn't your letter ; this is—that is, this isn't the one you wrote; this is the one you were going to write and forgot." "John Henry !" "No, Mary, I didn't post your letter." "Well, lam awfully glad. I want to add a postcript." " SURELY," said the young man, after her father had positively declined to entertain the proposition, "you are not prejudiced against me simply because I have no visible means of support ? " No," the old gentleman replied, "I might overlook that, but I understand that you once took part in a chess match that was played by cable. Anyone who can find fun in that sort of thing is too cold-blooded to get into my family if I can help it."

THE MOST NUTRITIO4.,:i.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ps 9 S

GFIATEFUL-COMFORT!NG.

C COA

;;REAK VAST---J ppE.R,

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DPIAR NET.Ltz, A charming hat is to be seen with a blue frieze costume. It is composed of pastel-blue panne, and it has an upturned brim lined with guipure, and bordered with narrow fur. This brim is laced through with blue ribbon, tied in a cluster of loops on the left side towards the back. A very pale pink velvet and silk rose with its foliage is placed near the top of the crown on the left side. Another pretty hat of white beaver shows broad bands of black velvet on the crown and upturned brim, and choux of cream lace, with small rosettes of pale pink quilted chiffon. The newest veil simulates a spider's web. It has no spots upon it. Long lace veils are coming in. Many are tied in a bow, with ends falling over the hair in the centre of back, as the ends are crossed on the back of the hat, and breu;zht under the chin, whore they are tied in a bow.-

A few of the winter jackets are more like coats with long tails, affecting the style of a man's coat, and when worn by a fashionable and tall woman who can afford plenty of clothes in change they have a certain style, but these fancies are not for the woman of small and limited dress allowance, who must exerise a greater care, and never get any- thing too markedly a fashion of the hour. These coats are very simple in form, and quietly trimmed with an edging of velvet on the cross or plain mohair braid. Collars are often edged with gold thread, and even a triple collar is sometimes seen. A stylish dress for skating or cold drives was of sealskin fur. The bolero ended in a small rounded point behind, after passing underneath a wide waistband of black satin. Very smart looking is black panne, marbled so as to form a close imita- tion of broadtail ; it makes up into charming winter gowns. Nearly all gowns are of plush or of soft hairy materials, homespun; sable cloths, etc., and the supremacy of velvet and Dann° is un- rivalled.

=art women continue to wear elegant gowns of cloth, in the most delicate tones of colour:ng, without giving a single thought to the gowns being ruined through their getting wet or being splashed with mud. If the dress finances are good it matters not, but if they are limited, and few changes of dress are at hand, then it is infinitely wiser to select some sensible coloured cloth, especially if the gown is intended for crdinary wear. Gowns of pale shrimp-pink or delicate blues or mauves are certainly more in keeping with dry, spring weather. A serviceable costume may be made from almost any description of black, brown, or grey material, and smartness imparted by the introduction of some bright colouring in the form of a blouse, yoke, vest, waist-belt, collar, tie, petticoat or dress linings. The same touch of colour can well be introduced into the hat or toque. This being Coronation year, red is to be freely used as a trimming for black dresses. Though so vivid a colouring, it lends itself admirably to black, greatly relieving the monotony of that sombre material. It is made the keynote of many black costumes. For instance, one model is com- posed of black poplin, with red silk linings. The fitting skirt is accompanied by a tucked red silk blouse and black bolero. The waistbelt is of black velvet, and so is the cravat, also collarband, while the petticoat is made nf red silk, with frills at the hem.

Perhaps Im, y venture to iV the following dress hints on acooant ~f their ',l,(4u:ncoss scarfs in Persian patterns are vkzy serviceable to throw over one's shoulders when wearing a deco!. lete evening gown. Those of white mull or mousseline are appliqued, hand painted, and embroidered in heavy silks. They also make delightful flans and boleros to wear with thin evening gowns. Velvet ribbon is being used in great quantities. It is made up into knots, bows, and huge rosettes; it is appliqued flat so as to form stripes, plaid effects, and lozenges. When different widths or ribbors are worked together, the effect is as com- plicated as Scotch plaid. For women who have passed their first youth and those whose figures present a certain amount of embonpoint the three- quarter length coat and the Eton with the postilion back are eminently suitable styles. It is very easy to lengthen a skirt which has grown too short by letting it down with a lace yoke or put- ting a wide lace insertion between the ruffles and the body of the skirt. - -

Your loving, JENtaz.

Fels-Naptha is worth half-a-day a family. . 21-id a bar. How many families are there? The money-back soap.

Fels-Naptha soap Peninsular House Monument London E C

. _._.... .7 • A.y,.... , ,(4:-.0,4(4-,-1:-: •,...e-g, ":;ji, -"'• ' A ' , • ' : ‘,.,,,r §*4 ( -...,.:,\N\ , ,:' ....24t.‘z... ',v}. ‘'•• - %.; t.I,ANI, .. vo ie. ,N,\ , • •,,,,;!:"\: kt ' %; ,/,,, v 5,,..,,,, , ,

• • . . tait" To) 444-. e / i• II . mi-,..t • . '/////', • / / .1 .- .., •-•;,, ' - , , - 1 ; ~/ .. , - ; ..- -,...

..., , •,!'.7‘,-_-) , • :, 1 3,- k, ,• , )1, ...,,... „,,,,.. ~., ~__:.....,_,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ~. , H 7„ ~ .... ~,,\ ~1 It ~ ..........„..----- ~ ..„.„,.... --z--„,...,----...1----ii..:i ~,,,•N ----..„......„..„..,.....,,0111 .........„,„:„..„,,,,„:„. it 1 ..,-,_.....k,,z,...„ . .4/ ~. 4/1/' 0...r.,_ ,--• _ \ I\f"

===== 0002601_19020131_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER 1411111 PLY JANUARY 31 190 j

WOMEN'S CHAT. 6EOI The King likes to be brief in all things, and may therefore be expected to set the fashion for making a dinner a less protracted and luxurious iffair,than it has become in Society circles. It is not that the King is unappreciative of good things, and His Majesty not in- frequently manifests his interest in the menu, and orders its details for the day. But except for great and ceremonious occasions, the King does not care to make dinner a pretentions and fatiguing function, and the meal cannot be too short or simple for the Queen Con- sort. The Queen always eats but very little, but then it is not always those with good appetites that enjoy the best bealth,as indeed most long-livers are those who have been small eaters. The visit bf the Prince of Wales to Germany is not one of the essential events of the Coronation year, but it serves nevertheless to remind us that in the course of the next few months a great deal of the time of the Royal Family will be occupied by the State and public functions, which may possibly prove to be rather a severe strain upon their physical resources. But we remember that Queen Victoria, notwithstanding her years, was not accustomed to spare herself when it was a question of promoting the welfare of her subjects, and there is every reason to believe that the King and Queen will follow in the steps of that beloved lady, the anniversary of whose death was but recentl observed. Among the voluntary engagements of the King and Queen, is one which is exciting great interest at ' Plymouth and Deronport, their Majesties having promised to be present at the launch of the fine new battleship " Queen " early in March. All the Royal Palaces have teen in the hands of the decorators being thoroughly done up, and Princess Henry of Battenberg will shortly be able to occupy her suite of rooms, in Kensington Palace, which have now become ber town residence. For the past year Princess Henry has been living quietly abroad, or in the Isle of Wight, the death of her late Majesty the Queen, bring- ing greater changes into be life than to any other mem- ber of the Royal Family. The Princess will to some I extent now give up her seclusion, and in a year or two ' she will be recopied with the " coming out" ot her daughter. The Royal Prircesses who will make their entry into society this season, include Princess Alice of Albany, Princess Beatrice of Saxe-Coburg, and possibly Princess Patricia of Connaught, who will be sixteen in March. Princess Ens of Battenberg who is a year younger than her elder brother, will be fifteen next October.

At all the fashionable weddings long trains of bridee- maids are the rule. Miss Heligar bad nine, Lady Annabel Crewe-Miloes bad twelve, and Lady Helen Stuart ten. At Lady Helen's wedding the first four were little girls in Empire frocks, and the other six wore gowr s of white" quicksilver" silk,with white felt hats. One of these was Lady Viola Talbot, a niece of the Marchioness of Londonderry,who made her first appear- ance in society on this occasion. She will be presented at one of the early courts, and will be much with Lady Londonderry in future, as Lady Helen, now the wife of Lord Stavordale is the only daughter of the Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry. ' Lady Helen Stavordale is a great favourite in Society, ' and received an immense number of wedding presents. These came not only from personal friends tied relatives, but also from several public bodies and tenants, and there were not a few from theatrical people,Lady Helen being an accomplished amateur actress. Altogether the presents exceeded seven hundred in number, and they were said to amount to no less than between three and four hundred thousand pounds in value. Some of the most imprrtant, however, came very near to being lost. Everyone knows that an expectant bridegroom is apt to become forgetful, and Lord Stavordale, in taking his gifts to the brideseraids, to Londonderry House, left the box of valuable jewels in the cab. Before the cabman knew the contents of the parcel, he received another call, and hastily put the package into the horse's nose- bag, where it remained unheeded till the next morning. The precious gems were then restored through the police, and no doubt the cabman found that it was the best night's work he had ever done in his life. The Princess of Wales has a great dislike for black in which she never looks her best, and Her Royal High. ness will greatly welcome the change into coloured dresses. It seems to have been thought that colours would be permissible at Court at the end of the long period of outward mourning for our late Queen, but this was not so on account of the death of the Empress Frederick last August. The change has not therefore been so sudden as some people expected, though the Princesses, it is true, are now appearing in half mourn- ing colours. Several membere of the Royal Family have also been seen at the theatre, and the Princess of Wales, who is especially fond of a good play, has lately been to two or three morning performances, Everyone knows how fond the Ring was of going to the theatre, when Prince of Wales, but probably His Majesty's visits to the playhouse will not be so frequent now. Those women ordering a new walking costume i which to face the bright, searching spring sunshinen will do well to select a Louis XV, jacket, or the bolero , and a perfectly plain skirt, cut to flow out moderately at the feet—not a flounce—and to just clear the ground. The bolero seems to be in greater tavour than ever, and is smarter looking even than the Louis Xv coat, but in view of the wintry weather, the wise ones say is to fall to our lot, the coat is perhaps the wiser investment. Many of the newest biomes to wear under the bolero or coat, are cut away at the neck, where they are filled in by means of lace, closely gathered silk, or chiffon. Care should be taken that the " filling" is warmly lined. The few new materials which have made their appear- ance are all spotted. Not dark on light, as W3B the case when last spots were "in," but light on dark, such as dark grey spotted with white, or black with mauve. Plain black silk in the softer makes, such as bengaline, gros-grain. Irish peplin,and faille, promise to be much worn, to the exclusion of glace, of which we are some- what weary —while clips-dr-chine seems likely to be used by the furlong for afternoon and evening gowns. Though the tiny Empire fan is particularly mcdish just now, the one built of long ostrich feathers, with its sticks as rich or as plain as may be desired, is by no means in the background. Her Majesty Queen Alexandra distinctly approves of the latter variety,than which none are more stately. The Princess of Wales, the Duchess of Argyll, and the Duchees of Portland are all ardent tan admirers, and possess among their collec- tions many rare specimens. No praise can be too high for the pictures of Irish life elven us in Miss Katherine Tynan's " A Union of Hearts." This distinguished authoress has caught exactly the spirit of the Irish, their humour and tender- t:ogs, their ready revolt against a suspicion of tyranny, and their fierce love of their country. All the characters are cleverly drawn, and the story so well told that one finds it difficult indeed to lay aside the fascieating book until the last page is reached. -

===== 0002601_19020131_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MADGE.

A LANCASHIRE INCIDENT.—A remarhable case was brought to the netice of this paper and investigated in which a cure was effected by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people in a striking way. The result of the investigation is given in another column of this issue. There is evidence on all side that this medicine, is held in the highest esteem through the country. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica ; also all diseases aris— ing from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, Ichronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, arcemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous headacbe, and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name—Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by Chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medi cine Company, 46, Holbormiviaduct, London, E,C., at 94 .1 box, or six trixes far 134. 9d. Pink pills sold from glass jars ra, e not Dr. Williams' pink pills ; accept them only in the pink closed wrapper as above described.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
JACK KISSED HER.

Jack—don't you envy him ?—kissed her While taking a walk in the square— So sweet she, he couldn't resist her. And ought she, you fancy, to care? And should sbe be mad as a hatter? Or should she have given it back? Or should she pass over the matter. And say: "Oh, 'twas Jack; only Jack ! " Is the hue of her cheeks indication Of furious auger, or rot ? Or due to some slight irritation O'er choosing so public a spot? LWere she kissed in the hall, would she mildly Pret,st : "Please be good—there's papa !" And is she now speeding on, wildly, To seek her protecting mamma ? Is Jack to be blamed for his action ? Are you holding hina chep in disgrace? Supposing he saw a di.traction Of " Try, if you like," on her face ! I'll add, as the close of my ditty, Ere spinsters regard her as lost, And grasips deplore: "What a pity !" That Jack—clever Jack—was Jack Frost ! EDWIN L. SABIN. IN FEBRUARY SMART SET.

During the play of the Christian's Cross,in the Queen's Hall, Castleford, last night, Mrs Thema' Smith, of the Engineers Inn, Carlton-street, Castleford, was seized with a fit, and died almost immediately. A ,ctoolboy named M'Ginley (13), residing at Blair- gowrie, is in the hands of the police. It is alleged he found a ewe entangled in a bramble bush. Taking a hatchet he knocked out its brains, and then unobserved carried it to his mother's house, where be cut it up with a table knife, and was attempting to ekin it when his mother returned.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FALLS AT WARRINGTON.

'Strange Treatment of an Injured

Woman.

Mr S Brighouse conducted inquests a; the Warring- ton Police Station on Tuesday afternoon relative to two deaths resulting from falls. The first case inquired into was that concerning the death of Edward Norman, deputy lodging-house keeper, 34, Rose and Crown-st. Ralph Norman, deceased's son, stated that his father was sixty-seven years of age. On Wednesday,the Mud inst,deceased complained ot having a bad arm, telling witness that be had fallen initheileitchen and cut it. On the following day he was removed to the Workhouse hospital and died on Friday. Previous to the Wednes- day deceased had never mentioned anything about hav- ing received an injury. Margaret Kermode, wife of Henry Kermode,proprietor of the lodging house at 34, Rose and Crown-street, sad deceased had acted as deputy for them for the past three years. During the past three months be had been very much andicted to drink. On Monday, January 20th, he complained of being ill and remained in bed all that day and also on Tuesday and Wednesday. He be- came worse on Wednesday at d told witness that his arm was bad,and that be fell down in the kitchen acme time , ago and cut it, Nurse Marsland said' deceased was admitted to the Workhouse Hospital on the previous Thursday and died on the following night. The Coroner read a letter from Dr Braide, the Union Medical Officer, stating that the cause of death was selulitis and blood poisoning, following on the neglect of an injury to the arm. A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned. The jury then inquired into the death of Sarah Cotton, aged sixty-one, who lodged at 26, Watkin-street. Evidence was given by Elizabeth Bentley, with whom the deceased lodged, to the effect that on Saturday, January 186, deceased left the kitchen to retire to bed, and when she was half way upstairs she fell backwards to the bottom. She was picked up and placed on a sofa. She did not speak afterwards and lay on the sofa without medical attention until Monday morning, when witness sent for deceased's sister. Margaret Jane Hynes, deceased's sister, said that When she went to the house of Mrs Bentley on Monday she found deceased lying on the sofa unconscious. She sent for Dr Nuttall. who ordered deceased's removal Is the Infirmary where she died. The jury returned a verdict of Accidental death." At their request the Coroner censured Mrs Bentley for her conduct in allowing deceased to lie on the sofa until Monday without attention. Mr Brighouse, in doing so, said the only thing he could say was that he did not think there was a pew n in existence with so little brains as to act as Mrs Bentley had done. If people were poor they must have medical attention, just as it they were in better circumstances.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
BOTH BADrAND GOOD.

" Your death will be caused by an illness coming from the outside, and you will be wise to drink no other water except the water brought from Methane." So said the gypsy to the Sultan of Turkey years ago. Since then be has stuck to that brand of water and kept care- fully cut of the way of epidemic di3elses. If the Padis- bah will refleot a moment (and he is a brainy little man) he will see that all diseases really come " hem the out- side," although the raw material is worked up on the premises. And the remedies elm COME FROM THE OUTSIDE; .

the best of them, far and away, being Benson's Plasters, which are applied to the outside and send their healing virtues straight to the inside wheresoever the pain or the ailment is. At once they do it. Relief is felt be- fc re:it is expected and cure often follows when it is not expected at all. That bad group of complaints—all from the outside—namely, rheumatism, pleurisy, in- flueurt, pneumotia, colds in the back and &est, the various forms of neuralgia,liver and kidney trouble,ete., are more speedily relieved and cured by Benson's Poi- ous:Plassters than by any other treatment. No medicine taken internally,or any other outside application can be compared with them for rapid and complete efficacy. They are scientific and up with the times,—no humbav or quackery about them. They have received 57 Highest Awards at International Exhibitions and have been formally approved by 5,000 medical men. Watch out against imitations and substitutions. For male in Warrington by H. M. Ashton, 63, Sankey-street ; Boots, Limited, 5 and 35, Bridge-street ; H. Miller, 77, Bridge- street and J. R. Young, 40, Sankey-street.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
ThE LATE MR. W. CHANTRY.

At St Paul's Church, on Sunday morning, the organ- ist (Mr E Wilkes, A.L.C.M) played the Dead March in " Saul" as a mark of respect to the late Mr Chautry. In the evening the Vice, spoke in kindly terms of the deceased's work in connection with the church and parish. He was, Mr Tarbuck observed, his first warden and when asked to continuo his duties be consented to serve for another year as Vicar's warden although he bad been in office a long time. Be was wonderfully enthusiastic as to the growth of the work in the parish and his text was " Patience and perseverance will accomplish as much as you desire." He (the vicar), should never forget the great debt of gratitude he owed to Mr Chantey, and he was sure the congregation would join with him in expressing sympathy with the bereaved widow and family. The funeral took place in St. Paul's cherchyard on Tuesday afternoon, and a large gathering of relatives and friends afforded striking evidence of the respect entertained for the deceased. The funeral cortege lett the late residence of the deceased, 15, Bold-street, at half-past one, the first carriage containing Mrs Chantry (the widow), Mr T W Chantry (eldest son), and the Misses Chantry (3). Second carriage, Mr W B Chantey (sen).Misa Jennie Chantey (daughter),MrsT W Chantey (daughter-in-law), and Mr and Mrs Johnson. Thi, d carriage, Miss Woodall, Mr Hampton (Chasetown), and Mr and Mrs Woodall (Chsetham Hill). Fourth carriage, Mr and Mrs Bancroft (Baguley),Mr Clayton (Liverpool), and Mr Woodward, who had prepared the new brick grave. The procession was met outside the church 1.5 the Vicar of St. Paul's (the Rev E R Tarbuck), the Rev H V Pigot (a former vicar of the church), the Rev B Percival (vicar of St, Peter's), the Rev W Bracecamp (the future vicar of St. Patel's), the Rev L W Traerrias (curate at St. Paul's), and twenty mem- bers of the choir, wearing their surplices. A large congregation had assembled in the church, amongst others present being the members of the Orchr of Freemasons, of which the deceased had been a per- minent member for many years :—Gilbert Greenali Lodge (1,250), Bros Edward Its- 11°, P M, Sec ; W Taylor. M, PPAG P, Trasurer ; Thomas Hill, IP M ; John Bird, PM; AFG Potter. PM ; Thomas Hutchin- son, p M; .R Lunt, PM; FJ Dell, J Craddock, J W ; J Beewiek, IG ; W Hainswerth, W H Owen, II R Booth, John Emsen, j Waldron, G D Southeeden, William Roberts, Eijah Place (steward), and William Rogrrs ; also Bro J Matthews, PM ; P.R.G.5.8., 1.384 J J Patten, P.M., 1,384 and 2,819 ; J FI Lee, W.M.. 1,384; and H F Greenough, P.M., 148 The Warringtm Master Bakers' Association were repre- sented by Messrs Lawton, Pierpoint, Steange,T Brough, and J Eckersley (secretary). The service inside the church was conducted by the Revs E R Tarbuck, and B Percival, and the congregation sang with much'earces' - nese the hymn commenping "Brief life is here our portion." Before separating, Mr Tarbuck expressed the sympathy of all present with the bereaved widow and family, and said that such a large congregation testified to the respect in which the deceased was held. The late Mr Chantey had been a good friend to him durieg his connec'isn with Warrington, and be wished to acknowledge his ro-operation, comradeship, and assistance. He was his first warden and, like all other workers in that church he always did his best to further the interests ot thss church and to encourage his fellow workers. His mutt, was " Patience and perseverance." They were also honouring Mr Chantry as Freemasons, who were said to be loal to God and charitable to man. They, as Freemasone, had recognized in their dregased brother the fact that he had always been faithful to his prin- ciples, and even those who were not brethren of the craft could see that in him were united the principles he had mentioned—loyalty to God and charity to man. Mr Wilkes was at the organ, and pley- d an appropriate selection of music. :including the wee- known piece from "Toe Messiah.' " I know that ml Redeemer liveth." The ceremony at the graveside was continued by the Rev E R Tarbuck, and was witneeeed by many who bad not entered the church. The coffin, a handsome one, was supplied by Messrs R Garnett ai .1 Sons. It was of light brown oak, with bears meuntines. and contained the inscription r—" Wm. Chantey, died January 24, 1902, aged 56 years. His end wasin peace." Th- carriages were supplied by Mr H F Greenough, by whom the whole of the funeral arrangements were mos'; satisfactorily carried out. The following is a list of the ladies and gentlemen who had forwarded wreaths, Sze. :—widow and family ; Mas-nic brethren, Vicar, churchwardens and sidesinen St. Paul's Church (placed on the coffin) ; Miss Wooda4, Mrs Woodall and family ; Mr Hampton (Chasebswn) ; Mr and Mrs Clayton and family ; Mrs Walker. the Misses Jenks, Woods, and Lawton ; Mr and Mrs S Wellhead ; Dr and Mrs Braide ; the Misses Ashurst ; the Manes Rimmer ; Mr and Mrs John Rigby ; Mr and Mrs James Richardson ; Mr and Mrs Hugh Ferguson and family ; Mr and Mrs H F Greenough and family ; Mr and Mrs Craddock ; Mr and Mrs Wm Rogers and family ; Mr fiesketh and Mr Harding ;Mr Rowland Prince ; Master Bakers' Association' ; and the employ et of the firm of Messrs Chantey and Son;

CaDIIIMY'S Cocoa can always be replied upon for it Purity. Aduicernted COCOAS are risky and should be avoided CADBURYS COCOA is highly beneficial to young and old the delicate and the robust : It contains all the full nourith- lug properties of the Cocoa bean. It is COCO 3 and Coe :a OnlY• (3)

===== 0002601_19020131_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WITHOUT INTRODUCTION,

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19020131_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
HALLIWELL SUTCLIFFE " The Zieventh Comtnandmegt." fel.)

PART IL

The Major, when he and Oswald met the ',inext morning, was a little ashamed of his overnightcon- fession ; be was therefore a hundredfold more resolved to make no overtures of peace to the little old lady who inhabited Linden Cotta ,ire. So Wynne departed to his painting in much tribulation of heart: the missing factor In this country paradise pressed upon him more and more heavily as time went on; he was one quarter in love with the Unknown already by reason of her prettiness, and quite half in love with her because she seemed so unattainable: the odd quarter could easily be made up by aid of a little propinquity. " It is too ridiculous," he muttered, sale worked in it fresh bit of background to his picture ; "she at one end of the village, I at the other: the only bar to cur knowing each otheris a flimsy quarrel bet- ween two peopie old enough to know better. If I were in a book, now, I should perform some feat of valour—bull, cow, running water, any country phe- nomenon would 'serve —but that always was the weak pal tof life, to my thinking; we are not in books." Ile sought a neighbouring farmhouse about noon; a mighty hunger and a mightier thirst were upon him, and he decided to have lunch then and there if he could obtain it. From the farm-wife he gleaned a scrap of ioeal history which seemed to him unim- portant etionkh at the time. Three years before, it seemed, the oniet neighbourhood of Traviaton had been visited by a curious atmospheric disturbance; ;t abont thirty seconds by the clock, but its life was as merry as it was short : without the least warainir, a kina of 4,inglicised tornado sprang out of the }mart of a sunny, cloudless sky, and carried everything before it. The roof of the barn attached to this very farm had been lifted clear away to a distanee of two field-lengths haystacks were scattered abroad ; trees came crashing earthwards on every hand.

" That it 4 the sort of festivity I am yearning for," thought Oswald Wynne, as he munched his cheese and bread.

A tv-14t, it seems. may be father to a tornado, as the artist was destined to learn.

Three days later, when the Major's will WAS as stern as ever in the matter of peace overtures, and after the nephew had watched the play of the sun- light on the Unknown's yellow hair throughout a long country service, it occurred to Oswald Wynne that ha would no for an afternoon's ride ; hope de- ferred had mad; him almost feverish, and 'rigorous exercise was needed to blow away the cobwebs. "I may not be back to dinner, uncle; you won't mind once in_ a_ way ?" _ _ _

" Oh, no, I shan't mind there are few things I enjoy better than a solitary dinner," retorted the uncle, " 141mre are you ofi to, boy? Up to some mischief or other, I'll wager."

" I want some fresh' air in niv lungs, that is all. Perhap.3, I shall get as far as Lewisford ; if rdo, mean to put up at that jolly old inn there and have some dinner. I'll be back in good time. Good- bye." He turned ou reaching the gate. " be began. "Well, sir, well? Conscience pricking you because you era leaving the old man alone ?" " No—it isn't quite that—are you sure that nothing can be done—Miss Penderby—" "Confound Miss Penderby ! Be off for your ride," snapped the Major. as he went indoors and banged the door behind him. "Confound Major Pordham, say I," muttered the nephew ruefully. After an early dinner at the Lewisford inn, Oswald Wynne rode homewards at an easy trot. He told himself, with the certainty of a well-lined inner man, that the pretty stranger was of the slightest consequence, and that he intended to enjoy the late- May evening as a free man should. He reached the high wall which skirted the road on this side Traviston ; the mare had 'dropped to a walk- ing pace, and the rider's thoughts were busy with his uncompleted picture. Both mare and rider were roused from dreamland by a curious, rushing sound, by the nose of splintering branches, by the shell) note of a girl's scream. _ _ . . .

" P 4. Jove, I believe it the tornado of three years ago, come to revive old memories," muttered Wynne.

The mare plunged a little, but the high wall on their right had screened them from any direct attack on the part of the wind, and Wynne speedily succeeded in paeffying her. On turning a corner of the road, Oiwald. Wynne became conscious of a bewildering mixture of white dress, yellow hair and green haw- thorn twigs: he jumped out of the saddle, hitched the bridle to an adjacent gate-post and diffidently approached the girl. "I—l'm afraid you are in difficulties," he observed. "How singularly clever of you to jump to such a conclusion," retorted the Unknown, brusquely. She was con.cious that the spectaole must be ludicrous in the extreme for an onlooker

" What has happened exactly: was it the wind?' " I suppose it 'WAS. I was walking quietly on the road—there was not enough wind to raise the dust— a whirlwind suddenly came down and—and the next thing I remember is being scratched by a lot of sharp thorns, and feeling myself triable to move, and find- ing I was quite in the middle of the hedge." "Perhaps you are more interested in how you are to get out again than how you got in." "Of course I ; I wondered if that point of view would strike you presently. These thorns are hurt- ing me abominably." It was not an easy task that Oswald Wynne had set himself, but he went to work manfully ; in a few minutes the girl was standing safe, though scarcely sound, on the white high-road. " My dress is in tatters," she remarked, dismally. " So are your hands, which are more important I can't tell you how sorry I am—" " Please don't trouble. Dare I go through the village like this !" A happy thought struck Oswald Wynne. " would suggest—" he began. " What would you suggest ?" "—That you stop at my uncle's on the way— Major Fordham, you know—his house is not a hun- dred yards of." " How absurd you are. I have not the privilege of Major Fordham's acquaintance—and, if I had, I should scareely present myself in this guise, should I ?"

"Why not? It will be dusk in an hour or so, and —on can (Teen home usQbse:.•ra.3-" " IT°, Tinfl gti straight to LooUen Cottage, ana the village can think what it likes." Oswald Wynne regarded her with a look of the utrcost gravity. " Aro you fond of curry ?" asked.

"Am I—fond—of—curry ?" repeated the girl in surprise. Then she laughed. " I had forgotten for the moment. So you know the story ?" "Yes—not the same story, probably, but the other side of it. Doesn't it strike you as absurd that peo- ple should quarrel for life on such slender provoca. tion ?"

"Ridiculous ; but the Major does seem to have been very rude to Miss Penderby." "And Miss Penderby does seem to have tried the Major's constitution severely. They might cry quits."

" But they never will. Miss Penderby—" "Exactly; and the Xajor.—But the younger gen- eration has more sense ; that was really why I sug- gested your dropping in on the Major; between us we could overcome him in a very short time." " Oh, but I couldn't drop in 'as you call it No, I must make the best of my way home." " May I escort you so far? The least I can do is to see you safely through the mishap." "You are very kind; of course, under the cir- cumstances, I can offer no objections. Perhaps you will come in for a moment, that Miss Penderby may thank you for your help." But they did not get beyond the boundary-hedge of the Major's garden, after all. The sound of voices came to them from the other aide of the hedge, and both stopped instinctively. " The Major has one guest already," said Wynne.'• "Miss Penderby is the guest. That was unmis- takeably her voice," said the girl. They looked at each other in amazement. "How on earth—has she so far relented as to call—"

" Impossible, unless the Major has previously been to Linden Cottage to apologise. Nothing less would satisfy the dear old lady." " And nothing was further from my uncle's thoughts, I know. It is very odd." Oswald Wynne, overcome by the strangeness of the situation, behaved as a village urchin might be expected to do. He made a little hole in the hedge with the butt of his riding whip, put his eye thereto, and eagerly scanned the lawn. "Impossible or not," he said at last, abandoning his post, " they are talking as fast as they can go, and Miss Penderby is seated in a garden-chair as ocanfortably as if she had been born there."

===== 0002601_19020131_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CuarrEa 111.

This same evening, Major Fordham, after a sol- itary dinner, had wrapped himself in a huge ulster, had -nut n LittOrea Cker--`lo.lkg CAR Q. his_ bead wad

bad 'Settled himself In a dt-air—oft Ile lawn. Ile evening was warm and balmy, and the ulster was one of those works of supererogation in which the Major delighted ; be felt that it was a telling sarcasm, a protest against anything an English sum- mer might have to offer in the way of weather. A cigar was between his lips, and a sporting novel lay on his knees. Ho was not reading, however ; his eyes rested meditatively on a bush of guelder roses growing in the middle of the hedge that separated the garden from the road ; he was talking to him- self, after the manner of gentlemen of uncertain

"Now, about that girl of Oswald's. The young cub doesn't say much, but I fancy he's pretty hard hit. All restlessness ; now at this now at that ; off for a ride and a dinner the Lord knows where, when he can find better food at home—yes and better soc- iety, too, confound him ! He's a decent lad at bot- tom, too, and it seems a pity. Humph; so are a good many things.—Wants me to go down on my knees to Letitia Penderby, does he? Well, I won't ; such a thing is monstrous, monstrous, I say,—but it seems a pity. I have been thinking during the last day or two that if Letitia would show the slightest inclination to atone—but there: what is the good of thinking, when a celestial visitation would fail to convince the woman that she is entirely in the wrong." _

He read a page of his novel, muttered a little, then recommenced his musings, his eyes again fixed on the guelder-roses.

At the moment when the Major strolled out of doors for a smoke on the lawn, a little old lady had strolled out of her door and into her well-stocked garden. She was clad in a parlous gown of pea- cock-blue; a weather-streaked sun-bonnet, trimmed with purple ribbons, did its best to hide her pretty white hair. Directly she emerged into the fading light, she elevated a white umbrella and interposed it between the dyin,a, sun and her quaint little face; for Letitia Penderby was justly proud of her com- plexion, and she knew not what ravages even an in- nocent sunset might work upon its creamy delicacy. The sun-umbrella, in fact, offered a sure index to Miss Penderby's two most pronounced characteris- tics : the upper part bore witness to her femininity, the handle testified to a certain vigour which was the growth of later years. It was thick and tough, this handle ; it had a vindictive knob at the top ; Its purpose, Miss Letitia would have told you, was to annihilate any rude mate who ventured to as- sault her during the long country rambles which were her delight. True, the rude male had failed to putin an appearance hitherto, but one could never be sure, and that little old lady had a grim deter- mination, should oecasion serve, to ply a lusty arm. She little guessed that this strength of handle and framework was destined to make itself the instru- ment of peace. Miss Letitia dawdled among her flowers to- night, chattering vaguely to herself as ladies of un- certain years will chatter. . . . _

" I an sure the girls of to-day are different from what we used to be. Fanny is a dear girl, but she seems singularly wanting in—what shall I call it? —in reserve. Fifty years ago a young girl would not have dreamed of being interested in any young man until they had become acquainted with each other. Dear me, and an artist too ! There is some- thing dreadfully indelicate about the idea of an artist, though 1 cannot say why ; whether it is that the models—. But how naughty of dear Fanny to induce me to tell her so much about the Major, and then to suggest that /—I, Letitia Penderby—should take the first stop towerds a reconciliation. Doubt- less Fanny thought that Miss Letitia was deceived, that Miss Letitia was an amiable old goose who never dipped below the surface. Not that it was right of her, or maidenly, or in any way decorous, when she had seen the artist coming out of Major Fordham's gate—oh, yes, she confessed as much it was not her place to endeavour to make the Major's acquaintance. Indeed, I should be sorry to introduce any ady to the Major ; he is not to be trusted ; who knows but what, after that dreadful evening when he forgot himself so—f3o miserably, he may break out again at any time? A most dangerous person ! I approach him again, I suggest reconcil- iation! And yet—l have been thinking lately—per- haps the heat of a moment might be pardoned, if par- don were sincerely asked. But I fear the Major has schooled himself far too long to believe himself in the right ever to—" Miss Letitia Penderby, instead of finishing her sen- tence, opened the green and white gate, and went out into the street. It may seem curious that her way led past the Major's garden, but this was mere- ly a coincidence. Fanny had spoken of returning this way after her walk, and it was a little late for the dear girl to be out of doors, unprotected by the sun-umbrella

And this brings us back to the Major, seated in a deck chair with his eyes fixed absently on his gar- den hedge. The old gentleman was roused from his musings by a succession of events, too numerous to tabulate and too rapid to admit of their being dis- Antangle.d one from the other. The gadder-rose tree suddenly began bowing to him in most boisterous fashion ; the chimney-pots from a neighbour's house across the way came to replace those which had already vanished from the Major's cottage, and, failing to drop properly in position, smashed themselves to bits on the roof ; the sky seemed to be shouting. But those things were trifling ; a vaster, a more awe-inspiring phenomenon than them all was riveting the Major's attention. Above the boundary hedge rose a vision of white and peacock-blue ; it poised itself in mid-air, straight above the place where the Major was staring up with eyes too wonder-stricken to look afraid ; it came to earth again, and stood not three feet from the Major's chair, and dropped incontinently into a neighbour- ing seat. A deep silence succeeded to the storm, deeper by reason of the many things which two people were leaving all unsaid. Miss Letitia Penderby, always attentive to pro- priety before permitting herself to feel alarm, smoothed out her skirts and drew two diminutive feet well under shelter. She trusted the Major had not _noticed that brief half-second of an ankle.

Major Fordham coughed perplexedly. He had once—the Indian climate is so trying—he had once before seen visions that had nothing to do with the outside world; could it be possible that—? " I—l beg your pardon,', he observed at length. Miss Letitia felt that she stood in need of all her dignity. "I did not venture a remark," she re- sponded, drawing herself up severely. "r—certainly not. Er—very warm for the tune of the year, is it not?" "Very warm," in icy tones. A long pause. "There seems to have been a little breeze just now. The breeze does often rise in the late even- :._.... iv " I have often observed the ram.- " Ah—l hope—perhaps you will find this chair more comfortable than your own." "I thank you, but lam as comfortable as cir- cumstances will permit." A still longer pause, broken this time by Miss Letitia. "Permit me, Major, to apologise for my somewhat unceremonious visit. An accident over which I had little control—"

" My dear Madam, I am charmed that good for- tune has compelled you to seek my hospitality." "That is like the old Arthur who used to—but I must not think of that," murmured Letitia Pen- derby. She was astounded at the sense of home with which the garden affected her; it was growing diffi- cult to maintain her frigid air. " Bless my soul," murmured the Major, • " but I never fully realised what it means to be without Letitia. If she would but abandon that chilly atti- tude of hers, who knows—" "You will doubtless pardon the length of ray stay," said Miss Penderby at last, rising from her chair. " I found myself a little—a little short of breath: but lam quite recovered now. Allow me to thank you, and to wish you good-night." She half held out one cotton-gloved hand. The Major grew desperate and threw prudence to the winds. He caught the hand, and pulled off the glove, and pressed his lips to the tapering fingers. Miss Letitia trembed and grew faint, then recovered herself.

" Lefty," whispered the Major. "Sir, you presume! I am Miss Pen derby to my acquaintances, responded the little old lady, with- drawing her hand. "But about that curry—let us be frank with each other—weren't we both a trifle touched by the—by the confounded weather ?" "I was not, Major Fordhara. You forget that the insult came from yourself." The Major paused and wiped his brow. It was very hard to give up the cherished conviction of twelve months. But he stole a glance at Miss Letitia, and it was all over with him. "Suppose I confessed that it was ray—Th —Y—yes, hang it, all my fault? Suppose I asked your pardon ?" "In that case, Major, I might--think about it." "No, don't think, Letitia. Say you forgive me; say you will be my wife ; say everything there is to be said in the world," cried the Major chaotically. "This is rather sudden, I am afraid. But then— but then—you were always impulsive, Arthur, and then perhaps—I—was a little at fault, too, about that curry." There was a little bald patch on the lawn immedi- ately in front of the al lady's chair—she had re- ' seated herself—and the Major, instinctively noting that ,• looked:coranarativalv dry. weet_dowu

Elhis Um itnces to .Letitirt relacreity and Ereravea as younger fools have been known to do before him. He was somewhat flushed when he rose to his feet; perhaps a shade of apprehension, a dash of shamefacedness, were visible in his countenance, but he made haste to assume a tone of authority that was almost marital.

" Letty, my clear," said he, "you will please to remember that your good name is now in my keep- ing. I will not hear of anything—anything, I say —being your fault. I behaved like an unmannerly ruffian about the Cu-" _ _

But Miss-Letitia thought that unconditional obedience was a thing of the future, and she put one slender hand over the Major's mouth. "If you wish to quarrel again, Arthur, you have only to apply a few more unjustifiable epithetsito yourself. You know perfectly well that I did not boil the rice sufficiently, and—oh !"

They started away from each other, and looked as guilty as if they were still in their teens. The little old lady replaced a lock of soft white hair that had strayed round a corner of her left ear, and nervously patted the peacock-blue dress where the crumples shelved themselves. The peppery old gentleman fumbled with his watch chain, and took to himself the air of a recently-born lamb. For at this mo- ment a girl with glorious yellow hair and a tattered white dress, and a young man, whose gravity was considerably overdone, had turned the corner of the lilac-path and were bearing down upon the garden chairs.

" Good evening, uncle. lam rather later than I promised, but I hope you haven't missed me," said the nephew gravely. " You young jackanapes !" muttered the Major. Put he had not courage to say it he stood dumbly by, and twirled his left leg round the right. "But, Fanny—how did you get here, child—and what a dreadful, what a shocking appearance you present. How did you get here," purled the old lady. _

I was just about to ask the same question. I am here because—well, because I heard your voice through the hedge. My companion here was kind enough to pull me out of a very prickly hedge—it was the wind, you know—" " So it was in my case," interrupted Miss Leti- tia, with a nervous attempt at a laugh. " A terrible whirlwind surprised me as I was walking along the road. I felt myself ascending ; the wind,had ap- parently taken advantage of my open umbrella ; I clutched the handle and had scarcely time to won- der whatever my poor dear pets would do when I was dead and gone, before 1 found myself on the other side of the hedge, quite unharmed and almost at the Major's feet. I fear I startled him." "What a providence, dear, that you are not hurt," put in the girl. She could not say any more on the subject just now, because the idea of the old lady's parachute descent had smitten her sense of humour grievously, and she was well-nigh choked with laughter. Oswald Wynne stood in the background; he, too, wanted to run away and And a quiet place in which to roll in agony. But the Major was not amused. He had a task before him, and it was useless to postpone it until another day. " Oswald," he said, with dignity, "come and be presented to Miss Letitia Penderby, my—my pro. raised wife. Lefty, my dear, this is my nephew?' Oswald, the scapegrace, came forward with an air of blended gravity and goodwill and ingenuous pleasure. He bowed to Miss Letitia, then took her outstretched hand. "You cannot tell how glad I am to hear this," he observed ; "uncle has talked of you so much, Miss Penderby, and none knows better than myself how ardently he has longed for— for this auspicious day." "Well, upon my soul—here, I say, confound it—the cool impertinence of the boy," sputtered the Major under his breath.

But the boy had discreetly left the happy pair; and under the lilacs he commenced a disquisition, to a girl in a tattered dress, on the insufficiency of landscape painting as an art. It is stated on good authority, that curry is a dish not often seen on the table of Major and Mrs. Fordha.m.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A FRUIT DEALER'S FAITH.

Rewarded at Blackburn.

Faith is one of our cardinal virtues, and when rightly ,pplied is productive of much good and happiness. An nteresting story of faith rewarded was related the other day by Mr J B Kenyon, 22, Malvern-avenue, Blfckbure. This gentleman, who was formerly a book-keeper, is now a fish and fruit dealer, mad the Etry of his faith was related to a "Blackburn Standard and Express" reporter.

1`1.,a,t Angart holidays," he said in answer to a query, " I was affi,ctrd with an abscess which caused me a great deal of trout le, but I must candidly confess that the doctor, who attended me for it effectually cured me. The matter, however, did net end there, tor I was lett in a very weak condition." " And did ym continue to take medioal advice ?" asked the reporter. "Yen, but I did not improve, and my weakness con- tinued just the same. I felt weak and languid, and the slightest exertion greatly tired me. I felt unfit for any kind of work, and felt greatly distressed that 'ime did not seem to give me back coy strength. Then I remembered that two or three years ago I had tried Dr Williams' pink pills for pale peeple and they then did me good. I determined to give them another trial, so thought a box from Mr Allsupp, chemist, ollln Bank." "What was the ri suit ?"

"After the first week I was another man altogether, my streneth and energy returning daily, until I was soon all right. I took about three boxes of the pills in ,11."

" What is your state Of health now 1" am as strong as usual and abh to carry On my business without feeling done up or exhausted." " Do you attribute your cure to Dr pink Pi's P" " Yes," earnestly replied Mr Kenyon, and his answer should be carefully noted. "I find they build me up better than any thing else. They are a good tonic, in my opinion, and I don't mind what I tell you being pub- I have recommended the pills to several people." Yee," interjected Moil Kenyon," I k iow two young ladies, one of whom was under medical advice for many years without any signs of improvement,but they after- wards took Dr Williams' pink pills and both derived a great deal of rood from them. Speaking for myself, I can tell you I have taken over • sovereign's worth and my perseverance has been amply rewarded in the good effect the pills have had on ray health." " Some time ago," addeu Mr Kenyon. " we both had influenza and Dr Williams' pink pills brmght us round quickly. I believe that if anyone with a cold will try toe pills they will be cured. I have grest faith in the curative properties of the pills, which only rEquire to be personally known to be appreciated."

Mrs Kenyon, who was present during the interview corroborated her husband's story, and was just as en- thusiastic a believer in the virtues of the pilis as her husband.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

THE LANCASHIRE CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT,

A draughts tcurney, promoted by the Llacashire Draughts Association, was commenced on Siturday, at the Co-operative Hall, Burnley. The entries numbered 26, drawn chiefly from Manchester,and East Lancashire towns. We note one exception, viz., Mr J. Roberts, a well-known Warrington player, whose heat with F Jessop, of Burnley, attracted considerable attention, the play being close, and so far, without either having obtaibed any superiority. Three drawn games were played between them on Saturday, and a fourth game was adjourned unfinished, until they meet again next Saturday. The conditions are the best of four games Go as you please." The proceeding were opened by Mr Joseph Toss nsend,of Littleborough,president of the L.D.A., with a few suitable remark, supported by Messrs Graham (Padiham), J A Best (Sale),F Dunne (Warrington), W H Waller (Wilpshirth J Hargreaves (Burnley), and other influential gentlemen. The follow- ing table sbews the results of Saturday's play s— poor ROUND.

W. W. D. Manchester)... 0 4 a W Helllwell (Burnley)... 0 1 H Dem (Nelson 3 H Halt (13113371:71e.y..)".. 31PMSts.Wenieertklanchester)... 0 1 C Anderson .... .l 3 Simpson (Burnley) ...... 0 2 3 B F Dawson (llsrwen)... 1 0 W T Jones (Salford) 3 Settle (Darwen) J Dillon (Bolton) .... B Wright (Accrington) 1 J Best (Msnehe•ter) ...... tO 1 3 Hyncl. Sen. (Salford) 1 1 Shoesmich (Burnley)... 0 3 3 ifynd, Jun. (Salford) 2 3 Hargreaves (e'dihans) 3 1 ve, olegg (Bottom) ...... j Roberts (Warrington) .0 F Jessop (Burnley) yv mcf.yenont (Manr.)... 0 3 Townsend (Littlebro') tO 1 Vf H Waller (Vv11p5)...... *3 W Blakeley(Manohester) 0 4 'Unfinished beats. tlietlred. The prizAs are four in numberl the first including the title of •• Lancashire Champions."

PRIANDLY MATCH. GOLHORNE-STREET V HOLY TRINITY.-80ore : GOLBORNE-BTHEET. HOLY TRINITY, Wins. Draws. Wins. 0 W Bell 1 W Cummins ............... 1 NBalmford 2 8 Hamer .................0 W Wa ......... 0 1 T Davies ...... 1 2 T oke 1 W kitovens .......... 1 0 A Perris

1:

===== 0002601_19020131_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Zliffot4gbo'

===== 0002601_19020131_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION

OYAL PROCESSIOX

(THE ROUTE IS INDICATED BY A DOTTED LINE.)

Now that the first anniversary of his Majesty's accession has come and gone, and the Coronation session of Parliament is well under way, the arrangements for the great event itself are begin. uing to get into shape, and people are more able to make their plans for seeing the sights of the historic third week in June. Coronation Day proper—Le. the day of the service in Westminster Abbey, the taking of the oaths by his Majesty, and the blessing and crowning by the Archbishops—will be June 26th, and con- trary to expectation, the historic procession round the streets of London will take place the day after—the 27th—instead of the day before—the 25th—but, upon consideration, it is clear to all that it is more fitting that a crowned King should show himself to his people than an uncrowned one. Another surprise to the public, and not such a pleasant one, is the selected route, which is, after all, to be identical with that of the Diamond Jubilee procession in 1897. This decision came as a distinctly unexpected piece of news, as all had thought that the route would either be that used by the Prince and Princess of Wales in their journey to the City in the first week of December, or practically the same, Regent Street and dxford Street being substituted for Shaftesbury Avenue. Great chagrin is felt by the shopkeepers and -window owners on these highways of traffic, who had counted on big "lets," but this is in a way compensated for by the delight of those who have similar advantages on the selected route. However, though following precedent, the choice of the Strand approach to the City is certainly not so r with the public in general, as the Regent Street way is not only the more imposing, but would afford More room for the man in the street to watch the procession from. The rejected route, which was looked upon as settled, subject to his Majesty's approval, had actually been mapped out and tentatively traversed by the police and House- hold officials, who made copious notes and great plans, thinking that it was the way which would finally have to be dealt with. Fuller details are also to hand of the order of the procession itself, and here, too, precedent will be adhered to, but space precludes any detailed mention of the positions, of the various celebrities. Most of the offices have by now been allotted, and shortly the Court of Claims and the House of Lords will decide the more important ot the doubtful cases, which require more investigation than the others. EVery- thing tends to show what a great affair the' Coronation will be, and between now and then it is is sure to be the main topic of discussion.

The capture of General Ben Viljoen and Commandant Hans Botha, especially the former, should have, as Lord Kitchener hopes, a con- siderable effect on the enemy still in the field to the north of the Eastern Railway, and we are also justified in believing that it will have some effect upon the whole of Botha's forces. General Viljoen was one of the most iui- portant and use- ful leaders left to the Boers, and his loss at this stage of the War Will be almost if not quite irre- par abl e. Al- though he has not ranked with De Wet, Delarey, and one or two others he has nevertheless been exceedingly ac- tive ever since • the outbreak of the War, and he has proved a most trouble- some individual to the British. In

GENERAL ILJOEN THE NOTORIOUS BOER LEADER SIX° NAB BUN CAPTURED.

October 1899, he fought at Elands Laagte and was reported killed, but the report of his death was contradicted a few days later. His capture it noteworthy in a political as well as in a fighting sense. Before the War he was the fire-eater of the Volksraad, and the most notorious anti-British member of that assembly. He has an unenviable reputation for braggadocio, and is a man of coarse manners. In Johannesburg, before; the War, he showed his hatred of the English in every way he could think of, and made himself particularly offensive. Since he became Generill Louis Botha't Lieutenant, after the flight of Mr. Kruger and the adoption of guerilla methods of warfare, his favourite fighting ground has been the Middleburg district, but he has also been heard of in othei quarters Two of his most distinguished achieve. ments were the capture of the British post at Helvetia, and the attack on the Australians at Wilmansrust, when •he secured two hundred prisoners and two pom-poms. Like De Wet and athers he has proved himself a master in the art of eluding our columns, who have beer searching for and pursuing him for months and it was was only by accident that some of our intelligence officers finally lit upon him while looking for another troublesome Boei eommander.

When the Bluecoat ,Boys again assemble foi study it will not be at the famous old school it Newgate Street, where their picturesque garb ha: been seen in the well-known playground for the last time. Christ's Hospital in the heart oi 'don will know its happy young students nc ; they have forsaken the old haunts fqr a nevi

Lod4

LEAVING LONDON.

THE HEMOVAVOF THE FAMOUS ISLUECOAT SCHOOL

TO lIORSILLIA.

home in the country; and a few months hence the -ancient buildings which have sheltered many generations of Bluecoats will probably have vanished. "Christ's Hospital," wrote a matter of tact body of Government Commissioners in 1868, "is a thing without parallel in the country, and sni generis it is a grand relic of the meditcval spirit; a monument of the profuse magnificence of that spirit and of that constant stream of individual thenefieence which is so often found to flow around institutions of that character. It has kept up its main features, its traditions, its antique ceremonies, almost unchanged for a period of upwards of three centuries." London will part with her BI - toys reluctantly, but it le to be hoped that th

,as of the school and cnmeaflt ntiquaceremon. may , follow it to llorsham, where some of its pictures, and its statues of its pions founder, King Edward VI., have already gone. It b,, however, understood that the quaint costume ig to be replaced by a more modern style of dress less cumbersome and more serviceable. Thrtal change may be regretted by some as robbing the. boys and the institution of their most distinctive, badge, but it is likely to be warmly welcome& by the boys themselves.

The marriage of Lady Helen Stewart, the beautiful and only ,daughter of the Marquess of, Londonderry, to Lord Statordale, eldest son of the Earl and Countess of Ilehester, at St. Peter's, Eaton Square, was a very brilliant affair. Great interest was taken in the event not only in

• 1.0 C., , 0.1 )11 . ) 4 A /-fi BEN V:

===== 0002601_19020131_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD STAVO R DALE.

LADY

THE FASHIONABLE MARRIAGE OF THE

SEASON.

Society, but also among the public generally, for it was regarded as the record wedding of a season remarkable for fashionable marriages. The church was artistically decorated with arum lilies and tall palms, and favours of violets and lilies of the valley were distributed to all present. No less than two thousand invitations had been issued, sc. that it will be easily understood that the church was crowded, althoUgh only the fortunate possessors of tickets were admitted. The musical part of theservico was particularly fine. The bride wore an ivory satin duclemse gown draped with exquisite Limerick lace and embroidered with true lovers' knots. A high wreath of orange-blossoms and myrtle, grown from those which formed Lady Londonderry's, bridal bouquet, was also worn. There were ten bridesmaids in all, four of them being children, and they were all charmingly dressed. The, presents were worth a king's ransom, and in- cluded magnificent gifts of jewellery, some of which came very near to being lost a few days' ago by the bridegroom, as we have all read. Amongst other costly gifts were a diamond and, turquoise caduceous brooch from the King and, Queen, a diamond and sapphire crescent brooch from the Prince and Princess of \Vales, a tur- quoise and diamond brooch from Princess Victoria, a gunmetal and diamond miniature frame from the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, a morocco travelling bag mounted in gold from the Duke and Duchess of Fife, a silver-framed electric clock from the Duke of Cambridge, a crystal, emerald, and pearl umbrella handle from Prince Christian, a silver-framed mirror from Prince and Princess Edward of Saxe-Weimar, a !gold bowl from Prince Lowenstein, a silver salver from the Duke and Duchess of Teck, magnificent jewellery from the Londonderry and Ilehester families, a gold enamel jewelled necklace from Lord Salis- bury, a shagreen and silver box from Lord Rose- bery, a diamond shamrock brooch from the Irish Secretary, a silver box from Mr. Balfour, a silver coffeepot from Mr. and Mrs. Chamberlain, a silver inkstand on tray from the officials of the General Post Office. The honeymoon is being spent at Ingestre, the residence of the Earl of Shrewsbury.

Not by any means as trim as of yore, but taut as ever, the old Success, the famous convict ship which figures so prominently in Australian history, is lying in the Thames close by 014 Embankment near Waterloo Bridge, where the public have an opportunity of going over Om hulk and inspecting the cells which have held

Iman.m.il

THE " lICCESS "

Till FAMOUS OLD CONVICT 111(1. NOW MOONED IN TDB

THANIES

101 notorious prisoners as the Kelly gang, Uaptain " Melville, Henry Garrett; Gipsy Sm4h, Henry Power, Daniel Morgan, and Owen Suffolk. Visitors are also shown some of the strange fittings ol a floating prison in the old days, when humanity was not included in the criminal code, end there are Fnme grim relics in the way of ponderous chains and hilloleulents of punishment, while the Man who Points out al the things of interest on board can relate a more thrilling story than is to be found in many sensational .narratives penned by imagin- ative writers of the, day. , The Success was launched iTI 1790; and is constructed entirely of Indian teak, which is evidently as durable as Dritish oak. After a number of yearsas asfirst-class armed merchantman she was chartered by the Government as a trans- port ship, for the purpose pf conveying persons to Botany Bay. Then she became a prison hulk, and was moored ,off Williamstown, where occurred the many memorable. incidents which have made- the queer-looking old vessel an object of gruesome interest all the world over, but more especially in this country and Australia. The external appear. ance of the Success as she lies in the river is par.t ticularly striking in these days of "ocean grey-, hounds" with their triple expansion engines. NO wonder that, during her voyage from Australist.six years ago, which, by the way, occupied five•menths and a half, a superstitious captain on sighting: her weird, barnacle-covered hull, turned tail'with acme alarm upon wbat he took to'be The Flying, liutchmant --• •

• . •C • ~:,---' , i"t'2cs x cslat •* '' '''.'" . .-‘ Lv •\ s- ''''': .s. ••• , ',, .-.4 .1,-.• 4 . ' , .. :ELEII STEWART.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK,

ILLUSTRATED.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE R THROUGH LONDON.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINEE. FRID le, JANUARY 31 1902. THE FREE CHURCHES. I WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Appointment of --Workhouse Master and Matron.

REV. Z. G. GREENHOIIGII, ILA.

This popular Baptist minister is due to arrive in England from his extended tour in Australia at the end of this month. Mr. Greenhough visited the Antipodes in a dual capacity —as the representative of the Baptist Union at the jubilee celebrations of the denomination in Australia, and as the representative of the Free Church Federation. His return has been delayed on account of his having to make a second visit to Ceylon. Mr. Greenhough will take a prominent part at the coming meetings of the National Free Church Council at Bradford. As the retiring Presi- dent, he will preach the opening sermon, and he will also give an aacount, at a special session, of his travel experiences.

A meeting of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr A J Jolley presided, and there were also present :—Mrs Clay. Rev Father Wilson, Rev J H Riodette, Dr Patterson. Messrs William Hickmanf T H Ashcroft, J Billings, 8 Davies, J Clarke, I Payton, J Robinson, J Backhouse T Ritchie, William Houghton, J Pilling, R Fershaw, Crocks, CI Mather, A Jolley, J Ball, J W Knowleo, Halton, with J C Sutton (clerk), C H Ward (master), A Wright (superintendent Padgata Schools). RESIGNATION OF A NURSE. At a meeting of the HOLM Committee,the resignation of nurse McCormick was accepted and Miss E Colts was appointed at a salary of £25 per annum with rations uniform and the usual allowanc's.—lt was recom- mended that the salary of nurse Watson be increased I rom £3O to £35 per annum,and that the salary of Miss Kelly, the cook, be increased, from £2O to £22 10s per annum in addition to superannuation allowance. Mr BROOKS moved,and Mrs CLAY seconded the con- firmation of the minutes and they were agreed to. THE:TREATMENT OF SMALLPDX IN WORKHOUSES. A communication from the Statistical Department of the Local Government Board with reference to relief in kind during the half-year ending Mashaelmas, 1901,was read, from which it appeared that the cost was returned as follows :—Mr Garnett's districts, £BO 10a lid ' • Mr Aukland's, £9 5s 5i ; Mr Bowes's £5B 183 441.—A letter was read from the Local Government Board approfing of the appointment of Miss FL Wagstaffe as probationer nurse. Circular letters had also beau re ceived from the Local Government Boar- w ith reference to the supply of lymph t public vaecinators, and drawing attention to the public notices to be given of the changes made in the arrange- ments for vaccioation.—The Clerk statal that there was a great demand for lymph in consequence of the out break of smallpox but be did not anticipate any silort- age in the supply. It was asked that great care should be exercised in the case of casual paupers to prevent the introduction of smallpox. Only circumstances of grave urgency justified the admission or retention of a smallpox care in a workhouse,and measures in such a case should be taken to have all the inmates and per- sons employed to attend on the patient vaccinated. He (Mr Sutton) bad written to Mrs Ward, the inatron,and the Medioal Officer calling their attention to the matter. CHRISTMAS BEER TO INMATES. The 7CLERK said he had received a letter from the Gene al Secretary of the United Temperance Council, asking if the Board allowed alcoholic drinks to be con- sumed by the inmates of the Workhouse at Christman. Mr Knowoes : To be taken by the members ? (Laughter.) Mr ALFRED JOLLEY Which of them? (Renewed laughter.) The CLERK said he had replied to the letter stating that such of the male inmates as chose to take it were allowed one pint each and the females half a pint each. WARNING TO OVERSEERS. The CLERK stated that, as usual, the overseers of Rixton had not paid their calls. (Laughter.) It was no laughing matter, and he asked permission to take summonses out against them. The CHAIRMAN moved that, in case of any defaulting parish in the union, tho Clerk be empowered to take immediate action. (Hear, hear.) Mr A Joheny seconded, and the motion was unani- mously carried. LUNACY IN THE WARRINGTON UNION. The Cortex presented a return ef pauper lunatics chargeable on Ist January,l9o2, distinguishing between patients settled in the Administrative County of Lan- caster and in the County Borough of Warriogton, Mr Sutton added : " It is satisfactory to observe, having, regard to the great increase in the number of lunatics in the several asylums in the county, that while the re- turn shows as compared frith the list for Ist January, 1901, an increase of one at Prestwich, two at Haydook Lodge, and one at Burntwood, there was a decrease on January let at Rainhill of ten, Whittinghana four, and Lancaster one, showing a net decrease of eleven. Since, January lit however by the opening of Winwick Asy- lum, six lanaties have been removed from the Work- la -use to the Rainhill Asylum. It may be fairly claimed that, as in previous years,the number chargeable to this union has been kept down by careful attention given to the transfer of chst,geability of non-settled lunatics." THE FURNISIiIING OF THE NEWTON RELIEF OFFICES. Mr BlLLillon said the Newtm Re;ief Committee, with its usual courtesy, desired to receive from the Board authority to ask for estimates and make contracts for the furnishing of the new relief offices at Earlestown and also for the supply and fitting up of blinds in the house part as well as in the Board room. He moved that the Newton Relief Committee be empowered to determine contracts for the work, Dr PATTERSON seconded the proposition. Mr KNOWLES said the Beard once discovered that the Newton Relief Committee was fond of spending a lot of money. (Laughter.l He thought It would be well to put a practical man on the Newton Committee to assist them in the furnishing business. He would suggest that Mr Hiokman's name be added to the committee for the work mentioned. Mr J Beer. seconded. Mr HICKMAN said he was afraid he would require someone else to accompany him. He would be very much alone on the Newton Committee and would require someone to back him up. The CHAIRMAN said he was quite sure that whatever bull:has they had to transact would net be of a bellicose but of a decisive character, and would be conducted with consummate wisdom. (Hear, hear.) The proposition was then agreed to as was also the suggestion that Mr Hickman's name be added to the Newton Csmmittee. APPOINTMENT OF MASTER AND MATRON. At this stage of the proceedings, the reporters were asked to retire whilst the Board proceeded to consider the appointment of master and matron. The selected candidates for the position were: Mr and Mrs H D Garnham, master and matron rof the joint workhouse, West Derby Union; Mr and Mrs Fred Gate, master and matron of Dawsbury Workhouse; Mr and Mrs G W Lloyd, assistant master and matron of Hull Workhouse; Mrs Mary Ward, the present matron of the Warrington Workhouse and Mr John Barron (22)unmarried,mester's senior clerk, Prescot Union.—All the candidates sp-eared before the Board with tho exception of Mr Mr and Mrs Lloyd, of Hull, who withdrew, having in the meantime acc.pted another appointment. After carefully considering the applications, the Board decided to appoint Mr and Mrs Gate, of Dewsbury to the position. The joint salary is £l7hi per annum, witn emoluments amounting to a further sum of£l2o,making £295 altogether. Mr Gate is 34 years of age and has been four years assistant master and genen years master at Dewsbury Workhouse. Prior to her marriage, Mrs Gate was children's attendant at Sheffield for six years, matron at Hastings Union for :one year and matron St Pancras Union, one andlhalf a years. This was all the business.

11:;.P111 „..1111 •-:11111., '11117:2,111 1,;,..:,,,,,y,i,r,;,,,k.‘,„,„,, ~ „ „,,,,,,,,, -,,,,,,,..,..,, : u lip '' , CONSTIPATION IS P - it '..11- - 'tol ilFt ' aSplep.ellietnieeTdalagifgoarileltotlizsoi. . ' nese are symptoms of Indigos. -t '''. tion and Liver Disorder, and ',,llri;• • -..t; quickly yield to the extract of roots .'. ~e...; II and. barks known as , .......A .. -•-:.,‘,...:: Elm• /U. ^owlarr,-162. Wavertree Road, - 4. „..; -.... Lvarpoc I:says :—" For years I was a martyr to Indigestion. Nothing I ate -it ---, would digest properly, and tke pains in -. my chast and stomach after eating -...,, ... ~.I,*l;•;.** the lightest meal made life 4..."' •••.., : wretched. Bad headaches and. 4. :, .. - tv: _ constipation combined to make -_-:. ~.._. f.,‘ ~.. .me miserable, / got no redo t ,"'...., tliirunta I took Seigel's Syrup, --.4111rA,,,' , which quickly set me right." ttrei', .'• July Lth, 1201. ••'' ,:v.. ',4•>. t "4 - • , - • -03 k-t '-' . '-'• ,‘. .. ell'ci. ;7:111 21119 Z ,n 6 ...1 , . -111 'Illtr;'1111i,il. .

===== 0002601_19020131_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. TOWNSEND,

who is to succeed Mr. Greenhough in the Presi- dential chair, is not so well known outside his own denomination as some other Presidents have been. He is a distinguished and honoured minister of the Methodist New Connexion, which, despite its name, is the oldest of the secessions from Wesleyan Methodism. Dr. Townsend, who has private means, is this year, at his own request, without a charge, and lives in a pretty house amid charming scepery at Prestatyn, North Wales. He edits the Metho- dist New Connexion .Magazine, and among hit' monthly contributions are some excellent brief reviews of new books. Dr. Townsend is a natural orator, and great things are expected of him at Bradford. There is no hint at present as to who is likely to be nominated as his sue- ces4or.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
'MR. PRICE HUGHES.

The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., is still at Bournemouth, making good progress towards recovery. Although refraining from public engagements, Mr. Hughes is very busy, and does a great deal of work for his paper, the Methodist Times. His leading articles and notes on current events have never been more vigorous. The February number of the British Monthly publishes a striking picture of Mr. Hughes in Court dress, from a private photograph, taken at the time when Mr. Hughes, President of the Wesleyan Conference, was presented to her late Majesty. Mr. Hughes expects to attend the annual meeting of the National Free Church Council at Bradford in March.

A POPULAR ROOK. The "autobiography of Gipsy Smith is still "booming." It is now in its third edition (seventh thousand) and continues to sell rapidly. No one is more surprised at the success of the volume than Mr. Smith himself. When the writing of the volume was first suggested to him, he asked: "And do you really think that there has been enough of interest in my life to make a book P" His doubts and fears have been proved to be ground- less. Mr. Smith's latest venture, his "Inquiry Department" in the Free Church Chronicle, is quickly becoming very popular.

"HARRY LINDSAY "

Mr. H. Lindsay Hudson ("Harry Lindsay ") seems to be the most industrious of the Metho- dist story writers at present. He has just published, through Messrs. Chatto and Windus, & historical story, "Judah Pyecroft, Puritan,* and is busy on a long story dealing with reli- gion and commercial life. Mr. Lindsay's sue- cessor as editor of the Methodist Weekly is Mr. J. Smart. Readers of the Methodist papers eagerly welcome the return of "Historicus (Mr. W. M. Crook) to the columns of the Metho- dist Times. Mr. Cook differed toto cedo from Mr. Price Hughes on the question of the war, and • his contributions were suspended for a considerable period. The subject of the war is still for him taboo.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
RUDIOURS.

The Rev. R. J. Campbell, 8.A., is mentioned as a likely successor to the Rev. F. B. Meyer, 13. A., at Christ Church, Westminster-bridge- road, S.E. No definite steps have yet been taken. Mr. Meyer's resignation does not take effect until September. Mr. Campbell is also spoken of in connection with the vacancy at Trinity Congregational Church, 'Glasgow, caused by the transference of Dr. John Hunter to London. There is no whisper at present of a successor to the Rev. G. Clampbell Morgan at New Court Chapel, Tollington-park.

A GREAT PREACHER'S NERVOUSNESS.

For the first time during a period of between fifty and sixty yoars Dr. Alexander McLaren, of Manchester, has been unable to preach his annual evening sermon to young pe.ople. This famous preacher, despite his long experience and his assured position, still suffers acutely at times from nervousness, becomes, indeed, as the phrase is, a bundle of nerves. It was on this ground that he intimated his inability to preach the customary Berman. He told his morning congregation that strain and excitement pre- vented him from delivering a discourse in the evening.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE DR. KILLEN.

Dr. Killen, the eminent Irish Presbyterian, had all but reached his hundredth year. A very good story used to be told of it. His brother James, who was a pugnacious and die- imitations man, published a book entitled "Our Friends in Heaven." "I am so glad to know," said pr. Killen, "that our James has friends in that quarter. He has certainly very few down hero below."

"P. W. W."

"P'. W. W.," whose excellent notes on the Churches in the Daily News have attracted con- siderable attention, is Mr. P. Whitwell Wilson. He is, we believe, a graduate of Cambridge, and lives at Twickenham. Mr. Wilson is a Primitive Methodist.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHURCH PAPERS AND NONCONFORMITY.

The Chtrch papers have of late been devot- ing considerable attention to Nonconformist matters. The Guardian of January 15 contained an interesting article on "The National Council of Evangelical Free Churches," written by a Nonconformist correspondent. Some people shrewdly suspect that this Nonconformist is Mr. Howard Kennedy, of the Times, a son of the late Reverend Dr. Kennedy, Congregational minister at Stepney. The tone of the article is friendly. But what does the writer mean by describing Mr. R. W. Perks, M.P., as an ally of the Church of England? Does he mean to suggest that the loyalty to Nonconformity of the originator of the Million Guineas Fund has declined? Nothing could be more prepos- terous. And it is quite the reverse Of truth to describe the National Council's opposition to the Government's education policy as academic.

,Warrington. , The New Coroner's Court.

The Coroner's Court at t-h-e-;1;w-Voiice Buildings has now been completed and is undoubtedly admir- ably adapted for the purposes for which it is intend ed. The Police Court is now undergoing several alterations and the magistrates have sat in the Coroner's Court daily since Tuesday. The room is splendidly furnished and the acoustic properties are all that cam be desired.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Ragged School and Mission.

The schora—rs of the above school were enter- tained to tea on Saturday,by Mr Roger C Parr, about 350 being present. After tea Mr Parr interested the children with his popular lecture entitled " My travels through Japan," illustrated with 120 lantern slides, being photographs taken by Mr Parr while on tour. Caere were also present the Mayoress and Miss Parr and Mrs and Miss Willis. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr Parr for his kind- ness in giving the tea and for his lecture. On leaving the room each person received an orange. On Monday evening the third Band of Hope enter- tainment was held in the school. Mrs H Roberts presided and spoke a few encouraging words to the children. A capital programme was gone through by the membercconsisting of songs, solos, and reci- tations, and it concluded with a dialogue entitled "Miss Shaw's Band of Hope Class."

===== 0002601_19020131_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIGHTY MULTITUDE OF THE CU

No conceivable guarantee to the British Public could more effectively Prove the Merit of

===== 0002601_19020131_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
k ills tor Pale People

than the Multitude of people who have used them and are cured. Reduced to the smallest printable size ta save space, here are a few of the Portraits of Persons recently cured. We have so many portraits on hand that even in this reduced size they would fill the entire paper if we printed them all.

DI YOU '',ECOGNISE ANYOi',E HE' E?

All these people have been cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and have gratefully written and told us.

VertHinoiitJl Anmraie.

Brixham.

Ethainstow. Sciatica.

Elr. Thacker, Hackney. Plaistow. Heart Troubles. Liver enmplaint.

Belfast, "Decline.'

Gastric Ulcer.

Rickets.

Ask your friends and you will hear of invalids who have been made Strong Men and Women by

s , a c• .r- L. A N D ~,r.7'4.-t',-. i."-.1,fr0 , f ',...".3,,,,,ir!"4 -i'± . -'''‘,,,,,aN • „,---5'.,..5i,i,-„,..-. ..."- -- % - - ,/;: i , refl '%) , , t** ly r, 's 'k.:zt' "P - . . /2, -..-_,4, .e.. _ ..., r' • i-- ' /PP- . ,' ' ... ss. - '.. t : • ‘‘ ). ' t ~ N. 5 • :,, . ~ ............. ...-...; • • ,-----. . . , ~.....40"*. - ~), .4F. i-- .' ' ,%-..T.2`., , ...- ~,,,. ."-a _.„--._.,... , ~ _..... --7,7--.._ , • •o""ss..-.. . ' 40. ...... ...... . ,—z . , .i'= ~. - c_ )3 , ~ ...) i -'€'72. ‘e ' , 4F-'-' -V---"-* 're '4 •re\'' -,..,t. / .P.A\-. "(%,•-, TS • , , (- ' .... " ....s,\• ( . . • . ~. ~,, , ' . 9-?,-...• ~ ~, (. t..,.4 ; P k •• . ' ,' VP, .....• ' .1'17" ' 6rn ---- . 4.., 1 , , : ...• •5 • ‘ ... * .-'l9' • , ei,,A--.....4,..%:N.:" ' x ' i::-*'' - % "fe. I*' ( ••-. - , .---- X .1 ;,5,4.r, , •-• „....,A., 0,..wi .....-,, : . .i, : if.,,i, 1 • 5t....,-,c1.‘,..,:_zr-,1 kk..... -....,.,- ~.... ~., ,;,, / - • - ...:-.: • r ... v... . 11, 3' ' - ''' • • ,6 - - - "--• Mr. J. Beattie, Mrs. McLean, Miss Rae, Mr. Thos. Hay, Miss McKinley, Eliz. Campbell, Mrs. Robinson, Mr. W. Pctch. Glasgow. Aberdeen. Dundee. Dundee. Dunoon. Leith. Gateshead. Sunderland. Locomotor Ataxy. Neuralgia. Anemia. Rheumatism. Eczema. St. Vitus' Dance. Old Age's Weaknesses. Bronchitis. LANC A SHIRE Y ORKSHI RE • ..„...,-....--_ •-s--v,P'7' -.-,- ..--------- .. - . .: b.. --.-..."- ~• ...--, . • Ic• 1, f- ' ..-4''‘lN Ta,,,1 ..t- .tt‘, IF .--""^-s.,2%. • ' ,e- \ ......,,'' ' w n. -- AV-t- ‘?':-. 1' r".l • emsik-4, rx".. ,_ .., T ' • .. ,- , e) 4;:kza...( ..1 • '1 ~0 '' -1 ( 2,..)C.401;L.: .....• ' A. .. ....4 , ,•,_ s 'et" ,1• ......,.. ...- . • ' ..., ...r. .00;. , • ••-•• ',*reVe ''''Y ''' ' n '‘0.,4,4=4 1. ut ..§ • • , ,-1.... -,.. , ' • •._•,_-'• -...! . 6, ' •„, ../..• li. .1 \ /. , ( ?,,1 ),.. , ''''.: ''-_ V. ...., ~ '. , _. Pate. Pickering, Miss E. Carter. Mr. Win. Brook, Mrs. Dempsey, Mr. T. Cuthbert, Mr. M. Rogers, Mrs. Crane, Mr. J. Cresson, Liverpool. Blackburn. Liverpool. Manchester. Hull. Bradford. Sheffield. Leeds. Gastric Catarrh. Anaemia. Fever's After-Effects. Amemin. Biliousness. Rheumatism. "Middle-Age." Paralysis. ' - W A 1... . E S M t 0 L A INI D . - .., ..r.,-77...-. -..^,.., ...,..„ ~..:-.1., '',ln,., •^ .q <, -'•- "' ..:- . '-12',..r,;-7. - ail c 434 c .7.A. • 1, 1-,F-._,. --.......- _ , *lk=i--.,...-;„ nj4L'i,A ,), ,/, „-,.; 40- - . ~ ---t • , ,i .......... ......, ~ s ~........ r . --, --., 1 -4... , yZ, "..?-egfas. g C ' t c-) ,'' -> cl, I••••,... •••=a• ..*-_,.. 1r....• ~1 4112.1 V ......... - • %., /3...-N, .• \ ...,, eti‘` ,Il' c ,•-••• 0 ,- .........- ' .. -, e'••`,. •••:,••• ' • l••,,, (.3 '. • ' -- - _I. ".".:i • ..), ti, , , ... 4 / i„.,:-„,,,..1.. I , . - , 1 - - It- Birg. Hopkins, Mr. Studden, Mrs. Poole, Mrs. Davies, Mr. Sentence, Miss Taylor, Mr. G. Harvey, Miss Beatrice Green. Aberthaw. Swansea. Ferndale. Dowlais. Nottingham. Birmingham. W. Bergholt. Sheffield. Indigestion. St. Vitus' Dancer. Fainting Fits. Maternity Troubles. Consumption. Gastric Ulcer. Influenza's After-Effects. Spinal Disease. ' S 0 U T H L 0 INI D 0 N I WELAN D _ \ '-',::•.'-' - ~_._ .7.,.... , ,-, -.AL -' 41:4.-4•, ~,, *e,,c •.....,,,..,......, „7.1.;...,),A.ki.....)1 ~.3,‘` ~. iir,;;70%.,,,,...1\:\\'‘1\ q,\N, , --'4:'LC-:, ''. '\;''' te /V ''• e4s,'llfaw 1,14ag, ,111 0 ..k.,.. e• • tv, 00. b... ....0., ),. A ~. ~........ ....... .......„ u . t (. ____' .......... _ . •CtEis- ' ts:r.l, g• '-":7:1/ 'a* a, . ' ce,4 •I'' VC" A- 1 i4' 1.<9 d' a) -..- oS .i" ..-,.... . (..) , ........ ~...... 4- , . -.‘ "1...' 4 e ,e, ---, . • 1/4,..- , ~'‘.--,1-' .7.L '--- • ' .'•'''L r•-• --"- .. ~,A: . ..1--,, ~ISI/4 .... 'r /A • I N. . ?'''l/4r.l'; ,Ait, .‘,-,.. --4., Ne'' ';.• s:*/ '-) i)e "i ::to i, & ,1,..,45.ce-ff -- ,c...•:En 4-,ra .S . , N ' I ' •••17^ gg7 d ''' ;9 ' 4 Nor-' Hughes, Miss I,'"qcr, Miss Trowbridge, May Shaw, Mr. Maddeanx, Miss Courtney, Miss M. Ile•- •... . - - Chalk Far. -,,uouth. Wincanton. Wall - ' m Amemia.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
a w g P 9 41 p %-.11 • , 4.• [ 3 1;4. 4' I 3 VI 11l Is or-i-1-;

Full details of any of the above cures gratis to any address. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured thousands of cases of Anemia, Weakness, Palpitation, 41 Female Weaknesses, Paralysis, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Rickets, • and Consumption. These pills are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink PilLs for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, at is. 9d. a box, or six boxes for ras. 9d., post free.

the morning all the year round and perambuleting the streets until late at night, endeavouring to sell their wares. His lordship felt it was a sad pity that so much young life should be allowed to run to waste, many of the girls yielding to temptation and, alas, entering the ranks of the criminal. His lordship felt that if this life could be directed into a right channel it might become beneficial to the community at large as well as to the girl' and women themselves, so in 1866 this institution was established and centres were formed in various parts of London for the gathering in of -these girls and women. After thirty-six years of labour, the work which was begun in a very small and humble way, had by the goodness of God extended so that it had become one of the largest charities of London. They had their own orphanage which accommodated two hundred and fifty fatherless and motherless little girls, whom they received without any question of age, creed or physical infirmity. The youngest children they received were two twin sisters who were only ten days old when their mother died, leaving nine chil- dren unprovided for. Children were taken to this orphanage until they were sixteen years of age and then they were placed out in domestic service, the linstitution continuing to exercise a parental over- sight over them. There was also a cottage hospitel and a home for blind and crippled children. The society had also established a breakfast room where the women and girls who frequented the markets from the early morning were supplied with a pint of cocoa and two slices of bread and butter. Tneir cases were also inquired into and help was given as fer as possible. The society wars trying by various efforts to raise the tone of these people and do them good. They had gathered over two thousand from the streets and had trained them for domestic service and they were filling these places with credit to themselves. The society had also a large proportion of girls who by reason of physical infirmity were not fitted for domestic service, fie supposed a problem which presented itself to all of them was " What is to become of our crippled children ?" In London alone there were over 6,000 crippled children attending their schools or under school age and as they grew older they would driftinto the world unable to earn their own living. What was to become of them? No one had more cause than himself to be grateful to those ladies who visited cripples in their homes, took them toys and books, organized tea meetings for them, and gave them a fortnight's holiday at the seaside. But when they had done all that they were partically leaving the children in exactly the same condition. To solve this problem the society set to work and by the goodness of God bethought they had solved it. They gathered in gins from the streets and girls who month after month were lying in the midst of suffering and distress and often cruelty; who were drifting to the workhouse or becoming a burden upon charity. These girls were taken in the Society's home where they re- ,see.ined for two years and during that time they 11 ere taught to make artificial flewers such to were on exhibition, that afternoon. T he society had a business method in their work I a nd be held that ell Christian work gla oul d be conducted on business lines. When a

girl could make flowers she was paid so much& dozen or a gross for the work. It cost 3s per week to keep a girl, so that when a girl earned 5s 6d sixpence belonged to her and when she earned 105, 5s belonged to her. It might surprise some of them to know that girls could earn from 10s to 18s per week by flower making. When a girl became a wage earner a spirit of self-dependence was culti- vated, and he thought they would all agree that the highest torm of charity was to help the helpless to a position of self-dependence, Speaking of the excellent flowers made by the girls, the speaker poir6ed out that they were se like French made flowers that many had been sold as such in various shops in th• kingdom and had realized prices three times as large as those originally paid to him (Mr Groom) for them. They ought all to support home indus- tries, and if in doing this they could support such a laudable work be thought it was sufficient to. justify the society coming to Warrington to ask their practical sympathy in the work. The mission I had had no greater sympathisers than the members of the Royal Family. It was his high honour some time ago to represent the Baroness Burdett-Coutts and go to Osborne House and take some of their • flowers for her late Majesty the Queen's acceptance. Teat dear motherly ledy not only accepted the flowers and spoke kindly messages of hope for the prosperity of the work but gave him a large dona- tion towards the support of the mission. The work hat also had untold encourage- ment both from Queen Alexandra and King Ed- ward VII and also from Princess May. In conclusion Mr Groom said that if they had two or three crippled girls in Warrington and did not know what to do with them and their future seemed dark, let him take them to London where he would keep them for two years an reach them to earn their own living. At the end of that time he would bring them back and they would not need a penny of charity and would have no tear of drift- ing and becoming a burden to the rates. This, he said, was the solving of the problem " What shall we do with our crippled children? " and he asked that their sympathy should be extended in the work. (Applause.) At this point a little crippled girl stepped for- ward and handed Mrs Monks a beautiful bouquet of artificial white roses,being a facsimile of the one accepted by :he Princess of Wales wnen her Royal Highness visited the exhibition in London. Mr MONKS said that after the address of Mr Groom it, was not necessary for him to say any- thing to encourage them to patronize the exhibi- tion. One of the best features of the institution was that it helped the children to help themselves and made them indepeudent of charity. It was a real pleasure to help those who could help them- selves. (Applau.se.) The Rev F T RERD proposed a vote of thanks to Mr and Mrs Monks for their presence. le referring to the marvellous expansion of the work he said it all pointed to the fact that a great amount of good might be accomplished in the lifetime of anyane of them. Mr Monks was always ready to give his practical sympathy to anything that teadtd to the well-being of the community. ' Mr Bracirs.m. seconded and sail that Mr Monks was foremo it, in business and in philanthropic work and was never behind in anything to help on a good cause in the good old town of Warrington or else-

here. The vote of thanks was heartily avorded and Mr Monks having replied the buisness of the day com- menced. During the afternoon selections were dis- coursed by Mrs W B Roberts's band. The exhibition was continued on Thursday and Friday and will also be open to-day (Saturday).

ELASTIC SToCKING3, KNEE CAPS, &c.—Fr Varicose Veins anl all eases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprains &o; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive and and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4. 6d. 7.64, and 10s 6d each.—Postages free.—Witm AND WRIGHT Surgical Instrument and Trues Makers,93, Renshaw•street. tcp of Bold-street, Liverpool. '

===== 0002601_19020131_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.....---..- _ MIMI

===== 0002601_19020131_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CRIPPLED GIRLS' WORK.

--- Grand Floral Exhibition in Parr Hall. The interior of Parr Hall presented a scene ot beauty and animation on Wednesday afternoon At first sight a stranger entering the building would no doubt have imagined himself in the midst of a huge horticultural show. Everywhere around were flowers of almost every conceivable variety, of both delicate and brilliant hue, whilst to heighten the charming effect trailing greenery had been introduced in a very tasteful manner. It was only upon minute examination that the fact was revealed that the flowers were not the work of nature but were entirely artificial. This floral exhibition had been organized in order to give Warringtonians an opportunity of extending practical support to a most worthy institution that. The Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission is admittedly one of London's most deserving charities—in fact it is a real God-send to many of the poverty stricken chil- dren, who have been forced to seek a livelihood by t selling flowers and watercress in the 'streets. By means of its cars and influence girls who would in all probability have drifted to ruin have been trained to fill domestic situations and have had cause to feel deeply grateful to those who have taken such an interest in their welfare. The de- partment of the mission with which Warrington is at present more concerned is the Crippled Girls' Industrial Branch and the exhibition which was opened in the Parr Hall on Ti ednes- day afforded ample evidence of the excellent work which is being done in this direction. All the flowers which were on view were the work of crippled girls who have been taken in charge by the Society and trainel to earn their own living. The methods of the mission are fully detailed in the speech by the Superintendent which is reported below. Expressions of admiration of the handi- work of the girls were to be heard on all hands at the opening of the exhibition, and the encomiums which were bestowed were richly merited. As regards the towers, choice chrysanthemums pre- dominated, some splendid prize blooms being on view. The arrangement of the flowers was most picturesque and viewed from the gallery the scene was a very pleasing one. Additional interest was imparted to the exhibition by the appearance of a ontingent of crippled girls from London who with deft fingers were engaged in making flowers. Most of the:productions were on sale,and many were soon disposed, of. There was a large attendance of the public at the opening proceedings, Mr I.l' Monks, Esq., J.P., CC,, who was accompanied by Mrs Monks, presiding. Those present on the platform included Mr J A Groom (superintendent of the Mission), the Revs E C E Carleton, E T Reed, J S Hughes, and W C J Mrs Yonge, Mrs Hughes, and Mr T Birchall. At the outset the Chairman read letters of apology for non-attendance from the Revs I` E Powell and T Bishop, In the course of his letter Mr Powell said :—" The cause for which the floral exhibition is being held is one which must appeal to all who possess the inestimable blessing of soundness of limbs and efficiency of the functions. The sttuggle for existence presses heavily at times even on ethe able-bodied, but how keen and intense must this struggle become to the halt, the lame, and the blind. 1 trust your undertaking will stimulate interest in a class whose very helplessness ought to prove the most eloquent appeal on the pity of the human hearts." Mr J A GROOM, Superintendent of the Institu- tion, then delivered an interesting address. He said the institution that he had the honour to rep- resent owed its existence to the efforts of that truly Christian nobleman, the Earl of Shaftesbury, It was his (the speaker's) lot thirty-seven years ago to lay before his lordship the sad condition of that vast constituency of London's poorest of street poor—the girls and women who were seeking to earn their livelihood by the sale of watercress and flowers in the city--an occupation that necessi- tated them being at the market at four o'clock in

miIIIIIIMMININimmiI

===== 0002601_19020131_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ED,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " e;camtner gents

T'lE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRBHTRIC published every Saturday morning.

T" " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T" "iv iDNEs EXAMIVER," published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One charge sevnres insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEIid. WANTEDS. it TO BE LIM 1.8 WORDS IJD., ON SALES, 3And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above ch?rges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under Zs. per insertion. ..----- ----7---- . illomeqtit g§trbantO, dr.

WVft Good GENSRAL.—AppIy 42, LOWER INCE near Wigan.

lATANTED, at once, Young GIRL as lichen-ma Mrs ROBERTS, bion-hill, Garstang.

WANTED SBRVANT. from 16 to 18.—App1y HORNBY ABM, bwarbrick Street, Blackburn. _

WANTED a General EllitiVANT, good wages, no wash- ing —Apply 90,AnsaRsIegT, Yrinees Park, Liverpool. with

ANTED

UZGBEGofivrtix iiVA'referejnYeg IlLoßwllosSHDßlLArwle—h,AnPeaPrlolion. -- W

ANTED GBISIBRAL, age about 20. able to plain cook; relevances ;Protestent.-211,PnEsc0x-itoAD,Licerpool. WiIiTED, A GBNERIL:3BRVANT, iage 20 to 30 ; three In family.— Apply JU, BICKERTON-BODD, Birkdale. nthport.

Soot

WANTED GOOD MINIMAL, 18 to 20, no washing, Good horne.—MnB B Farm,t carisb.ick, Bear Ormskirk.

AIrANTED General SERVANT, good references, age from V 20 to 35.—Apply MRS STUTTARD, Royal Hotel, Come- road, Burnley. ----- AVANTED, a strong GIRL about 16 as GENERAL ; good references.—Address 506, STOCKPORT-ROAD. Long- eight, Manchester.

WANTED, end of January, Strong Girl as GENERAL; wages 214 ; Wardmaid 2i2.—Apply MATRON. Infirmary, Southport. WANTED GENERAL SERVANT, four in family; plain cooking, references required.—Apply NAYLoR, In Sussex Road, Southport. ------ — -- WANTED COOK; two in family • wages £2O to £25 ; excellent situation. —Apply Idles MUDioN, 19 Wain Street, Wallington.

WANTED GIRL, young and willing for Housework ; comfortable home. —Call or write 2.5. CLIFTON ROAD, Tue Brook, Liverpool.

ANTANNED, good strong GENERAL SERVANT ; Protes- tant family ; age about W.—Apply SmITH, 10, Irwell- 'park, Eccles. Manchester

WANTSID WAITRiSSS ; excellent situation ; first class family; wages £26 to £3o.—Apply Miss HLDsOff, 19 Irlam Street, Warrington.

VYrANTED at once, GENERAL El ERVANT. small family, large washing sent out, wages El4—£l6.—JIOL- -30 Egremont, Cheshire.

WANTED CLEAN, Willing GIRL about 16 for small family. Good home.—Apply T HOLLINILLICR, Coal Merchant, Heywood, Blanchester.

- WANTED, superior GENERAL to Wash and plain cook ; wages £2O. —Apply at once bliss HUDeori, 19. Irlam street. Warrington.

WANTED at once, COOK-GENERAL ; wash and bake; small family ; housemaid kept. —WILLIAMSON. Birchencliffe, Bollington, Macclesfield.

WANTED NURSB-HOUSIMA.ID, also generals plain cooking, catholics ; good references.—Apply 34, -ROAD, Birkdale, southport,

LITE- RPooL-1

WANTED Respectable GIRL to assist with hausework ; comfortable home. Ss 6d weekly, not out before taken. —34, DOROTHIC-STRICIIT. Bdge Hill, Liverpool. WANTBD HOUSEMAID with neat appearance; 16 to 18 for January ; good references. Write to MN J MiTff, Bright-street, South Shore, Blackpoo/ WANTED, plain COOK, wages £2O to £25; good 'Rua— ', !! Mon near Warrlngton.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19, Iriam-street, Warrington.

-Blackpool.

MTANTED, a Young WO3l/..ff, ail Farm Servant ; one able to milk ; good home ; liberal w.gesi—Apply, PAIRBROTICE.It HOUSE FAnx, roolstoek-lane, Wigan. ---- _____

WyANTED, for the country, near Southport, a strong respectable GENERAL 3BRVANT ; need not have been out before.—Wooneocx HILL, Newburgh, Wigan.

A LL CLASES of SERVANTS ready from country and town, public and private.—Ladies should call or write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham-street, Manchester Estab. 1862.

_ ALL CLAW'S of *num:lwo, private and public good hornes ; excellent w iges ; places in town, country and selside.—Write to HARRISON'S, 6, Oldham-street, Man .ter,

che9l

ANTED good ACTIVI3 GI3NBIAL, age 30 to 40 with TV personal reference, for quiet family no chilalren.— Apply or add,ess with particulars, 51, CRESCENT-Roan, Birkdale, Southport.

rIOOKS WANTED from £2O to £24,Housemeld Waitresses £lB to £23, Genersls £lB to LW, Girls £l4, excellent places ; small families.—Write to klioutisoies 6 Oldham- street, Manchester.

LIXPERIENCED ft ale and Female NURSES et a lA' moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INsTxru- TION, 70, Ropc-etreet, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address •' Nurses." _ .

WANTBD 1013NG WONIAN as good general, able to wash, age bout 22 ; wages 6s per week ; also young woman as help, about 18, wages 4s.—Apply, CRATEN HEIFER, Cross-lane, Salford.

D OYAL ALBERT EDWARD INFIRMARY AND DIS- -I.le PENSAItY, Wl GAN. WANUD.seyeral strong, healthy young women, as Wardmalds and General Servants.—Apply to the MaTams any morning between 10 and 12 o'clock.

Z. 1.0 be itt.

MA.RKET-GATE, 3 Storey WAREHOUSE with Hoist. MARKET-STREST, good SHOP with House, £53. MILL-STREET, good light OFFICE, rent 3s. 6d. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, PENKISTH, detached Resi- dence, garden. greenhouse ; rent moderate. BRIDGE-STREET, Large SHOP with good Dwelling- house and Show Rooms. BRIDGE-STREET, 2 Large ROOMS oa ilrat floor with every convenience. WARRINGTON, Extensive WORKS to be leased with land ; over an acre, and adjoining Railway. NEAR MARKET-GATE. 3 ROOMS (Office). rent £l2. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d Apply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—No 55.

... I, I It . _L rent £l4.—Lppl7 69 CROSS-LANE, Barlestown.

‘0 LET:.-LOCI7UP ...HOP, No 1 Quetm-st, Barleatown ;

--- rl,O 1.13 T, COTTAGH off Lovely-lane, rent 35 9d.—Apply J. Worms and Sox Solicitor, Horsemarket-st.. Warrington. _ _

COMPANY HOUSE TO LET; at valuation ; 14 beds; rent £3b : noir Talbot-road Station.-6, UPPER QUEEN. STREET, Blackpool.

eppLacKpooL.-10 1.13 T, Capital COMPANY HOUSE, 1..) tenant retiring ; 16 years connection ; part valuation. —Apply OCCUPIER, 5. Topping-street.

ATILL EAS TO H SOLD OH LET, Whitefleld-rci, Stockton Heath, four bedrooms and all convenlences.—Apply FRANIK WARBURTON, builder, Stockton Heath. -

FO LBT, STABLE and COACHBOUSB, with lofts over 1 large yard attached off Tannersane.—Appiy WOODS es Sort Solicitors. 55. Horsesnarketstreet. Warrington•

CIOLWYN BAY.—Two good Company Houses, with res- pectable oonnectioue, to be Let; March quarter ; forni- tote at yaluation.—BiLamma AND ALLEN, Colwyn Bay.

A SINGLE YOUNG MAN (21), two years in the wine ..ns. and spirit trade DESIRItS SITUATION as under- callarman.—ll T BATTERBBr, 38, St James-at, Chester. %gm

lORECAMBE —Ro Let, owing to death, COMPANY HOUSE; good position, West End; splendid con- nection ; all or part furniture ; low valuation.—Apply RIMEs, 68, Clarendon•road.

MOIIBCAMBH PROMENADE.— COMPANY HOUSE; M 0 large old-established connection ; grand views of moun- tains and bay. Sure fortune. Owner retiring. This is a rare Lity. Fullest particulare.—HOLLAND, Morecambe. 4250

===== 0002601_19020131_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
" , , • 45 # . , 4. "."

===== 0002601_19020131_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Opportuni

Q,ANITARY INSPECTOBSHIPS, salaries £lOO to k) numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and Leeds and other examina- tions; previous experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candidates ; ladies eligible.—Apply ROBERT 1111811 ENS, Sani- tary Science Teacher, Sunderland. blame paper.

POSTERS, WINDOW-BILLS, AND CIRCULARS. animus AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &C.

JOHN WALKER & CO. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

*ottls, ilvaras, Maaaltug Cotabs.

tibc stock

PARBOT, grey, red tail. signed talking warranty, Re ; month's trial, my risk.—AVLARIES, Morecambe.

-UDE SAL% good bred DOLL ES DOD., Brown and White 11 price res.—Apply 3. GiORE-STBEET, reMbertOrt, Wigan

I -21111 Y PARROT,genuine Congo bird ; also Green Amazon, brought over last June ; price £2 5s each : commenced talking.—Barticulara filyzne, Duke-street, Blackpool.

OA.NABIES 1 Grand young rich yellow and variegated Norwich ; Each one guaranteed a singer; one 3e, two 55.—J01eE8. 19, Dawes-road, Walhara Green, London.

SPLENDID Hartz Roller CANARY in full rolling song day and night; 7s 61; safely pacaed.—E. la (imam, 30, Freehold-street, Rochdale.

9rl BEAUTIFUL Ai rican Grey PARROTS, been home this last three months, in pink of health and plum- age.—M. SAMUELS, eBA, Hill-street, Liverpool.

STEAM NAVVY. 10-ton by liuston and Proctor, FOE SALE. May be seen in Glasgow.—Apply ROBT. MC ALPINE AND SONE!. 188 St Vincent Street, Gassgow.

EEtanteti.

WANTRD YOUNG IfilAN to look after pair of horses, and help on farm.--apply. lidolirtia, VILLAGE Farm, Thelwall.

AGENTS wanted for quick-selling 'alai' patent; enor- mous profits ; sample 6d —W,„194 Westminster-road, latorecambe.

PEARL ASSURANCE COMPANY, Wanted Respectable Men for full or spare time Collectors.—Apply Mr O'BRIEN, 26, Arpley-street, Warrington.

WAR MEDALS wanted, dated IE4B, 22 given ; alio Arctic, Bed River, Firket, Atbara, rdatabile, Mashona, Fenian Bald, da.—Major TOMBS, Droitwich.

WANTED TO RIiNT Small COUNTRY CORN MILL (not flour) ; Houee attached ; water power preferred. —WINDER. 10. Medlock-street, Huhn's. Manchester.

ADENTS WANTED, to sell Hardware. Jewellery, Furniture, Clothing, Hoods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE AND CO. (102). BDIDifiRhATD.

WANTED House to House CANVASSEUS to sell Coeline; marvellous money making ageney; some agents make £7 weekly.—The CO.A.LINE CO. Cireenbalgh Place. Burnley.

CIANVASSING AGENTS WANTED, to sell Domestic Coal Economisers, which give double heat ; also Cave O per cent,—YBIESTLEY & Co„ Manufacturers, 5, Gibbet- Street, Halifax.

elDutition.

J'IGH Scoot for Girls, Harrogate. Vacancies for Boarders and Gov. Pupil. Moderate terms.

XT EWTON-E,13 - WILLOWS.—KIRKFIRLD BOARDING 11 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

COMMERCIAL AND. GENERAL PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, Szc. JOHN WALKER & CO,

BI)ARGAIN.—Ligbt TWO WHIOILIID covered VAN crank axle. aa new ; must be sold.—Apply 139, CloPPEues HILL. Liverpool.

STRONG NHANDUI VAN on Sale. Also light, two-vet:le e Van.—Apply JoaN SEGAR, Wheelwriglat, 16, Boundary street, boutlaport.

/71001.1 roomy TWO-WHSELED VAN, equal to new. la Suitable for any puruose.—BßEWEß, na, Upper Brook- street. C-on-N, Manchester.

21_(.10D TWO-WHEELBD VAN, suit, horse 15 to 16 hands, in good order throughout ; £ll 10s ; suit grocer or baker.—Apply It SINGLETON, Forge, Lark-lane, Liverpool.

'ate 5 t ibate Erearp

250 SONGS, Id.; post free, 10.—BloCILENNosr (23 1,-, T), 258 Waterloo-road, London, B.E.

pAGATHLLB.-8 ft., folding, all accessories, 60s complete. G. J. P., 1,. ItlecnosaLD-Roan. Walthamatow.

2.0D.6 WAY ON SALVATION."—Send for Booklet t o W. RAMSDES, 157 Duckworth-street. Darwen.

MUSIC for Piano, Songs, &c. worth for Is 6d, post free.—Mr. E. HART, Mundy-street, Heanor,Notts.

11DATCHWORK.-100 Pieces of Silk Plush for Is. 3d. Post free.— BearwooD, 83, Churah-street, N., Blackpool.

OVBLY Silks, Velvets, 100 large pieces, is 6d. Prints is Free.-1-10wE,31 Claremont-rd Sparkbrook,Birmingham

LIME Trial Parcel good Stationery for 4d. (packing and postage). Lists gratis.— LINIVERSaL STATIONERY CO.. Tenby.

30 (all different) Anniversary Hymns and Anthems ; both notations, Ic—WARD, 137, Attercliffe Common, Sheffield.

T WE FISH, cleaned, prepared for cooking, Iolbs. for 25 6d ; carriage paid —Fiemiostaaair HasinICATE, Grimsby.

F RIM SAMPLE.—Send 3 penny stamps. fo4 a dainty sample of Grecian Toilet Cream.-73, HYDE-ROAD, Manchester.

VAULENERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and _1... Clover.—Apply, FAVLXNERS, Merchants, Fendlebury, Manchester.

r ADY'S Silver Watch and Chain, cost 25s perfect order ; -LI sacrifice, 123 6d, must seII—HILL, High-street, Long- town. Cumberland.

LADIES 1 Clear, fresh complexions obtained from the use of Halken's Pilules ; post free, Is. lid., under cover.- 56, Thirlmere-road, Liverpool.

VOR SALK sound. old established £3 Book, Lancaster and JL' district, in Royal Liver Friendly Society.—Best offer to B, 3, CASTLE HILL, Lancaster.

Q.CENBRY for Amateur Theatrical Companies Painted to order. Send for appointment.—FlELDSEND, 49, Gorton- lane, Gorton Brook, Manchester.

SILVER GRIT STONE; specially for sharpening knives; useful In every house ; one shilling each ; postage free.—JARDIN, Ironmonger, Bury.

iI AKII YOUR OWN SPARKLING STOUT at home, 111 cheap, delicious ; recipe and instructions, Is.— Roeurrs, 106, Forest-rord, Leicester,

OSS LlTTlOL.—Oheaper and better bedding than straw, .LTI. Stocks at all ports. Wholesale and retail from U. TAYLOR AND CO., 13 Mosley-street, Newcastle.

SPLENDID VALUE.—Three Cabinets, n icely flubbed from any photograph, le,ld ; originals returned safely.— AnTOGRAPH Co. Dept B 3, Budge Row, London N 0.

SPLENDID WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENT,

21s. CROCKERY, DINNER. BREAKFAST AND TEA SET, 89 08 100 PBllOlBB BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. SAMPLES AND TESTIMONIALS 11., DIRECT SUPPLY POTTERY CO., HANLEY. 30s. ORATES TOR HAZ&Aitti. C.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartmtnts, gurnfaitti llouze6.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
fiorses, 4arriagto 3r.r.

0410, PeaUp?, ttr.

pUBE-SHED Buff Orpington's ; eggs 3s per doz. (unfer- tile replaced) ; Chickens from 68 per doz. List sent.— NIGHTINGALE, Castle Fields', Shrewsbury.

AIR. FITTON OFFERS EGGS from his noted strain of silver gray and dark Dorkings, Is. each ; unfertile replaced if returned.—flruov HALL, Kirkham, Lancashire.

&tuft% itsintsors, at.

itif ILK Business, 8 cows, horse and float, and all utensils to JJ_L be sold cheap.-120,8EAFoRTE-BoAD,Seaforth,Liverpool.

rpo LIU FRIBD FISH. Chip rotatoe BUSINESS and Tripe _L Saloon. Good reasons tor leaving—Apply 3 Towri CiREEN, Haslingdea.

61ROORRY and PROVISION Business; good cash trade; rent 7a 9d ; eatistactory reasons ; a bargitill.--69, CLARENDON—STREET. Hulme, Manchester.

dr REENGEOCERY BUSINESS to be disposed of.-1, k...‘ HENRY-STREET. laill-street. Pendleton, Manchester; Pony and Harness laclucied cheap.

rr OBACCO, Stationery, Newsageney : Large stock ; main .1 thoroughfare ; splendid opening ; good reason given ; £l5O everyttilug,-89, BUTTERMARICET STREET, Warrington.

TIP- EXAMINER, FRIDAY JANUARY 31 1902

===== 0002601_19020131_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
,Obares.

INVOICES, BUSINESS CARDS, CIRCULARS, MEMORANDUMS, TRY

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

" F.XAMINER " OFFICE, BEwsEY STREET WARRINGTON. SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR

TRH EXECUTIONIOP ,

LARGE POSTERS.

ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATION.

1.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

iday be inspected and Estimates obtained at JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BE WSEY; STREET, WARRINGTON'

ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR ACCOUNT BOOR MANUFACTURERS, LETTERPRESS PRINTING, PAPER RULING, AND BOOKBINDING.

IN ALL THEIRIBRANCHES.

PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, 12 AND 14, WINWICK STREET.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
SEE OUR WINDOWS

A VERY EINE 7 R. SUITE IN TERRA GOTTA FREIZE VELVET. HIGH LOW SETTER, TUB HANES.

£lO 10s. OD. MARVELLOUS VALUE. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
D.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. CHRISTMAS CAKES OP EVERY VARIETY

MD OR PLAIN,

1. ALL GOODS MADIS ON TUB PREMISES FROM PURE AND WHOLESOME INOREDIENTS. Customers giving In Orders early. can choose their own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE CASII BAKERY Co., LTD.

BRANCHES: BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

0c.414im

===== 0002601_19020131_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
There is a legend amomg Peace Negotiations. the people of Holland that the language spoken in the Garden of Eden was Dutch. English people are as likely to believe this as that the document which arrived at Downing-street late on Saturday night from The Hague is to be an enchiridion of Nevertheless its arrival adds another to the signs that the war is likely to be ended by settle- ment rather than by force. The first of the por- tents was Lord RosEBERY's suggestion at Chester- field of a casual meeting of a diplomatic character brought into relief by F C G's cartoon of the way. side inn and the disguised travellers. Lord Ross- BERY never fights as one beating the air. What 'had been a pious hope with the main body of the Liberal party he put forward as a vision easy of realisation, and it was not too much to assume that he spoke with knowledge of the feeling in Holland, for it was over the Dutch dunes that he looked for the rainbow. After that the public learned of the mysterious visit of the Dutch Prime Minister to London. The joke about his coming to see the Old Masters at the National Gallery having been exhausted, and there being a disposition to take Dr DE KUYPER'S informal action too seriously, it became necessary for both Dawning-street and The Hague to disa- vow the reports being built upon it. This was done so emphatically that for a few days there was a lull in speculation. Dr. DE KUPyER's return to Holland, however, has been followed by a com- munication from the Dutch Government—of which he is PRIME MINISTER—tO Our Govern- ment, and it is BOW under consideration. In a few days it will be published, together with a reply:from our Government, probably written by Lord LANSDOWNE, Whom Dr. DE KUPYER seems to have met in a casual manner while taking the air in Whitehall.

It would be idle to prophesy on the nature of the correspondence, but the presumption is that nothing will be wrought by the exchange of views, however courteously expressed. It would be too much to expect that this effusion in Dutch will act like magic in calming strife. But whatever the result, it will show that the minds of those immediately concerned are inclined to recognise the fatuity of a prolongation of the war. Meanwhile Lord KITCHENER'S steady suc!esses will make the situation clearer. The Boers are receiving fresh proofs every few days that their cause is hopeless, and the British are being re- minded that if it can be avoided this heavy pounding away at an enfeebled foe is a sorry ex- hibition of greatness, and very dear at the price. If these convictions can be only impressed, the road to diplomacy will be easy, although it may not be the ordinary high-road, but more in the nature of a lane. There is no desire on the part of the British people to go on playing a won game with ever-increasing taxation and a rising National Debt. Far-sighted statesmen a:e also moved by other considerations. They know that sentiment has a value which cannot be lightly appraised. If the Boers be induced to lay down their arms voluntarily and to pledge their troth to a settlement which shall give us all we want, they will be more easily welded to the other subjects of the Empire than if they are forced to yield with- out any sort of undertaking on their part,and are • free to plot as they please. The burghers have shown themselves honourable men. Let us get their allegiance to a compact which shall cost us none of the essential conditions for closing the war to our own advantage. Sir HENRY CAMP.. BELL-BANNERMAN has pleaded for this view through evil report and good report, and it would be a sagacious as well as a humane policy to end the war by consent, not by subjugation.

WHATEVER may be Pioneers of Empire. the political differ-

ences aroused by the controversial use of the term "Imperial," there are many oecasions when men of all parties, and of no party at all, must agree in keen satisfaction at deeds which our Empire provokes. Sometimes our feelings nre touched by some martial action—

===== 0002601_19020131_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
, .

who had many adherents on whom to bestow favours, established the custom more firmly than ever. If a conjecture drawn from the honours conferred at recent coronations may be hazarded, it would be that elate tendency to create baronet- Icies in considerable numbers will be followed— there were twenty-four new baronets in 1821, twenty-eight in 1831, and thirty in 1838; while peerages will be few, and ,mainly consist of the elevation of Scottish or Irish Psers to the higher rank as Peers of the United Kingdom.

Educationalists throughout the country will await with interest the introduction of the new Education Bill which was promised in the King's Speech. The intentions of the Government are at present a profound secret, but if Dame Rumour is correct there is every pro'oability that the Government's scheme will grant what the Warrington Corporation has already petitioned Parliament for, viz. : the conferment of School Board powers upon County Boroughs.ln that event it would seem almost useless for the Corporation to proceed with their Bill in the present Session of Parliament. It has been ordered to originate in the House of Lords where it stands little chance of being favourably entertained. The promotion of such a bill will prove costly, especially if a poll is demanded in Warrington, as is promised by the Municipal Non-Trading Committee. Under the circumstances, the Corporation would be well advised in withdrawing the Bill until the educa- tional proposals of the Government are made known. If the Government do not revive their proposal of last year to confer School Board powers on County Boroughs, it will then be time for the Corporation to consider what steps should be taken to meet the demands of the Education Department for additional elementary school accommodation. Some of the oldest Warringtonians do not remember to have seen the roads of Warrington in such a lamentable condition as has been the case during the past few months. The laying of the permanent way for the tramways has been one of the chief causes, but even in thoroughfares which have not experienced the necessary upheaval for tramways the condition of the streets has been disgraceful. The footpaths are covered with slush from the roadways, which, in many cases are simply quagmires—as for instance in Froghan-lane —owing to the macadam being totally cut up by the heavy road traffic. Then the snow which covered the town with its,white mantle on Satur- day was removed from the streets in a very leisurely manner, and there were loud complaints as to the condition of the thoroughfares on Sun- day. The committee responsible ought at least to have seen that the footpaths were brushed or squeegeed. A little more energy in this connection is certainly desirable and necessary.

The best wishes a'large number of people will follow Mr. John Dun, the general manager of Parr's Bank, Limited, in his well-earned retire- ment. His services to the bank were fittingly recognised at the annual meeting of the company in London last Thursday. During the thirty-six years of his connection with the institution he has seen it rise from a purely provincial bank to a national concern of great import- ance. Other banking concerns have been merged into it, and its influenca has been extended year by year until it has attained to its present proud position in the banking world. The commencement of Mr Dun's term of office was concomitant with the bank becoming a limited company. Up to that time the bank had been carried on as a private bank by the late Mr Parr, the founder. As .a limited company, Parr's Bank, Limited, has had an uninterrupted career of suc- cess and much of that success has been due to the energy and business-like qualities which Mr Dun has exercised for such a long term of years. The company has shown its appreciation of his services by granting him £lO,OOO in addition to a retiring allowance—a testimonial in itself of which any bank manager might be proud.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
irritition. Dr. Poor was unable to form a good opinion of the Chinese, and, in fact, regarded them as lack- ing altogether in enterprise. Possibly the view thE t he took of them may soften criticism against the missionaries whom MARK TWAIN trounced so • severely,) with the result that subscriptions to American missions have gone down with a flop. The missionaries did not come very creditably out of the controversy as to looting, and the argu- ments as to their claim for compensation and the need for making an impression on the Chinese were not effective answers. The best answer is to be found in the fact that the missionaries choose to live—with no prospect of gain or a return to England to enjoy quickly-acquired wealth—among people with whom they have so little in common. "There is something about Pekin," wrote Dr. POOLE, "which sits heavily:on you; a place that lives on a past of four thousand years, that uses the same kind of carts, the same saddles, builds the same houses and temples and tombs, has the same rites and ceremonies as it did a few thousand years ago is not a stimulating place." And life there, of course, is pleasant com- pared with what it is outside the realms of settled government, and among races entirely unculti- vated. Fortunately the trend of modern mission- ary effort is to link the preaching of the gospel with medical work. The Englishwomen who go to the Z3nanas perform a noble duty in this way,and most of the advance guards of the religious organisations now make it part of their work to minister to the body as well as to the soul. It is most important, however, that they should not seek to extend their influence further, and to guide the body politic. It has been said, for example, that a lot of mischief was done in Pekin by the claims to authority which were advanced by the Jesuits, and were construed absurdly enough to be designed to overthrow the Chinese Govern- ment. The old idea of temporal authority still tinges the work of Roman Catholics, though thay may not wish it to do so; and there is need for care in this respect. Rut, in praising the martial deeds of soldiers, we must not forget the self- sacrificing work of those pioneers of Empire—the doctors and clergy --who have no personal ambi- tion to serve.

the concentration of nerve for some rare and ap- parently hopeless deed of heroism, or a long-drawn endurance of conflict in the field against a superior foe, under circumstances which might well cause the courage to fail. And sometimes the whole career seems a sacrifice—a bright ex • ample to correct the tendency to love of ease and vi s inertto which modern civilisations brings in its train. The Outlook, gives a touching obituary notice of one of the noble workers for our country at the outposts of duty—Dß WORDS WORTH POOLE —who has just died of typhoid in Pekin. This in- trepid medical officer was only thirty-three years of age; the value of a life is not counted by its length, but by its texture. Dr POOLE was physician to the forces during General LUGA.RD'S Niger ex- pedition, disarming prejudice against the British entertained by the moo, and soon afterwards ho did good work in British Central Africa. There he contracted so severe a fever that after a leave spent mainly at home, it was thought unsafe for him to return to Africa, and so he became surgeon to the British troops at Pekin. It is related that after the vicissitudes of life in Africa he found existence at the Legation dull, and he pined for a greater call on his energy. It came a few months later in the siege of the Legations, and the warmest tributes of praise were given to the young doctor for his devotion to the sick and wounded. Delicate as he was, he never :spared himself, and, needless to say, after the excitement he fell ill again. He recovered, but his system was undermined, and no one is surprised that he fell a victim to typhoid in the insanitary capital of China. The pen-portrait of the man comes up to what one would expect: Brilliant and brave and kind, particularly attrac- tive both!in manner and appearance, with fresh fair complexion, and blue eyes, of that rare child- blue so seldom seen in adults, his personality, physical and mental, was full of charm and dis- tinction." Such men are the true Empire-builders, and go far to counteract the injury done to British reputation by financiers who endeavour to 'exploit native ignorance :of Western methods and , then are indignant when the people show signs of

1

The mighty hunter of big game has compara- tively few opportunities of showing his prowess in these days, for the reason that big game is be- coming rapidly a thing or the past; and it is only in the wildest and most inaccessible parts of the world that sportsmen can hope for the excitement of an encounter with any beast of man-destro jing propensities. Colonel Sir James Willcocks, of Ashanti fame, who is now on his way to South Africa, has published in the" Empire Review "a very graphic account of his shooting experiences, entitled Reminiscences of Sport in West Africa." He points out that in few parts of the world are there to be found greater opportunities for shooting every kind of game. In the regions of the Upper Niger there are desolate wilds where the foot of man has never trod, and these and the forests, and the swamps of the hinterland abound in wild life. The most excit- ing sport to be had is afforded by the elephant, who fights fiercely in his almost last remaining stronghold on the African continent. Sir James says that the chief obstacle to sport in that coun- try is the difficulty of transport and food supplies, but endless possibilities exist for the sportsmen who wait for the opening up of our newly- acquired territory. Fortunately, the development of the country will not mean the rapid extinction of game. Sir James Willcocks says of its High Commissioner Sir Frederick Lugard, that " he is not only an Empire-builder but a mighty hunter who has shot everything worth shooting in Asia, and throughout the whole African continent. He has no intention of allowing the extinction of elephants on any other beasts for purposes of trade in ivory, &c. ; and if he can only be induced to remain a few years longer it may be taken for certain that he will establish such shooting and game laws as will prevent their extermination."

Writers in the reviews are already beginning to discuss the interesting question of the number of new peerages likely to be created at the time of the Coronation. This act of the Sovereign in raising in rank some of his most prominent sub- jects at the time his rule is confirmed is, of course, as old as sovereignty itself. It had, naturally,.a greater meaning in those ancient kingdoms in which the succession to the Throne was determined wholly or partly by election ; but the practice of the King exercising, as it were, his prerogs.- tive as the fountain of honour in favour of some of those who were acclaiming his rule continued after hereditary right had been 'firmly established, and in our history was as much exercised in the early part of last century as at any time. It is true that up to the fifteenth century knighthood was the honour chiefly conferred by English kings at their coronation; but there was than no settled aristo- cracy comparable to the peerage. and the grant of spurs still had a romantic splendour which made it honourable in the highest degree. At one time the gift of peerages at the coronation seemed to be growing obsolete; but the return of the Stuarts,

1

===== 0002601_19020131_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT• --- A Provincial Letter.

Provincial cyclists, whose other name is legion, must feel particularly interested in the statement which Bir H Vincent had to make in the House of Commons on Wednesday. It had been the inten- tion of the loon member to introduce a bill designed to redress the grievances under which cyclists de- clare they suffer at the hands of railway companies, who are now said to have intimated their willing- ness to come to terms. The proposed measure will consequently not be submitted. and all will agree , probably, that it is much better to have the differ- ences which had arisen composed by mutual con- ciliation than that recourse should be had to an Act of Parliament which the railway companies might have come to regard as oppressive and inimical to their interests. The cyclists have of late been pro- testing vigorously that their demands for a revision of the regulations as to the carrying of cycles by rail, were reasonable and such as could not inflict any loss or serious embarrassment on the carrying companies, whose position appears hitherto to have been dictated by an inability to recognise the fact that the cycle is the engine of a recreation,and something more, that has come to stay.

There is no desire 133 far as this letter is con- cerned to " dabble in politics," but provincials generally may feel disposed to answer the question in their own way, whether it is not a little amaz- ing that Mr Joseph Chamberlain should have chosen at this juncture to tell Europe and South Africa that the election of Mr Runciman, the Liberal can- didate for the representation of Dewsbury, would mean a vote for the Boers ? Suffice it to say that, Mr Runciman, known as a " Roseberyite," was elected on Tuesday.

--- Arrangdments in connection with the forthcom- ing Simultaneous Mission of the Sunday School Union are now in progress in all parts of the pro- vinces, and fairly well advanced. Adults of both sexes, everywhere, should see the importance of these great gatherings, and give them all the sup- port and encouragement that lies in their power. In the larger towns and cities districts are being formed for the proper carrying out of the objects in view, and special services provided for ; so that from the let to the 10'n of February all the schools connected with the Free Churches will be holding special meetings of an evangelistic character. Tne ministers and principal workers in connection with the free churches have in most places organised, and will,of course, take part in the meetings,which it is desired to make as numerous and as popular as possible. The first of the series will, indeed, be held to-day.

It was urgel a week or two ago that the Sugar Trade was committing a tactical blunder in taking precautions so early in the Parliamentary Session as it did against an increase in the duty on that commodity. At first the Chancellor of the Exchequer refused to be drawn" in regard to his intentions by an apparently simple question, but the agitation for the repeal of the tax went on as before, and now Sir Michael Hicks-Beach tells the would-be repealers that he has not received any " facts" as to the inquiry caused by its imposition, adding that " vague and general complaints proved nothing." All that the agitators have hitherto succeeded in doing goes to show that it is some- times prudent to "leave well alone." It may be remarked in this connection that experiments in the growing of sugar beet-roots on the Liverpool Corporation sewage farms at Walton are said to show most satisfactory results, and to encourage the belief that British agriculturists may yet enter into this industry with profit, Dr Sigmund-Stein has reported that the percentage of sugar in the sugar beet-roots grown was is againsb 14.1 per cent. in German roots cultivated in the vicinity of Berlin; that the purity was 8 per cent., against 82 in the German-grown roots; and the weight of the roots per acre 41 tons at Walton, against ten tons in Germany.

Though the language of Mr Abraham, 31. P, as president of the South Wales Miners' Federation, vr.hat vague there , at this week's conference, in dealing with the Stop- nay Policy of the men was some was that in it which led to the belief that he is not quite at one with his colleagues on this subject. "Mabon " has but lately returned from his tour in America, and believes now that if he had been at home such a policy would at least not have been adopted to the extent it was, and that on the other hand, the employers would not have pressed the

!prosecution of the miners' leaders in the way they have done. Be this as it may, Mr Abraham evi- dently fears that the friction which will necessarily follow an action at law may be detrimental to peace in the future, and hopes that difficulties that have arisen may be settled out of court. It has already been shown how determined the leaders of tee men were to make a display of their power a few weeks since, when, after proceedings were commenced, they again ordered the miners to cease work and indulge in "play " with a view to keeping up their wages! It would no doubt tend to the healing of the wounds alieady caused if" Mabou's " hopes can be realised. But even colliery proprietors are only human, and if the general public were asked for an expression of feeling in the matter, it would probably be that the men and their leaders are . scarcely to be trusted, and that a proper laying down of the law bearing upon "Stop-days" is much to be desired.

To Ask Enough," with a view to obtaining what would really satisfy, is a bit of worldly wis- dom of wbich at different times we have many and varied illustrations. In other words, the oracle does pot always answer expectations. Kruger tried it, and what is the result? " Mabon" has this week asked for sixty, seventy, or more Labour representatives in Parliament; and no doubt wishes he may get them. The other day, as noticed in this letter at the, time, a conference in Lonthin of co- operative and trades-union delegates cheerfully passed resolutions declaring that no scheme of Old Age Pensions would be deemed satisfactory that was not universal in its application, and abso- lutely independent of character and thrift on the part of future recipients. Mr. Chamberlain, who is supposed to have some knowledge of the subject' in reply to an Accrington correspondent, says the results of the conference referred to are "distincitly hurtful to the cause." He is convinced that no scheme of universal pensions is ever likely to be accepted, and that the views expressed in that direction tire not calculated to make converts to the principle. Toes() people ask too much, and thereby hinder and injure their chances of getting even what would "really satisfy," by keepingaway from them, or driving off those who might, other- wise be of substantial assistance to their cause.

" Why do you work hard ? " was the insinuating headline of a recent circular said to have been ex— tensively distributed, • through the post, among young gentlemen at Eton and other schools. It re- lated to betting and horse-racing. No wonder that Betting and Gambling should be rampant as they , are with all theee agencies at work. But the Bis- ' hop of Hereford has propos id with a view to plac- ing some check upon such tendencies, that the , Select Committee appointed last Session of Parlia- ment shall be re-appointed. It is expected that the committee will, of course, collect a mass of evi- dence to show that the evils alluded to are on the increase, but of what use the evidence will be to the Legislature is not quite so clear. The public are sometimes reminded that betting and gambling are not entirely non-existent even in religious circles and that occasionally they are serviceable in the , work of raising building and other funds. Not very long since, a circular went around from a Church society protesting against bazaars and some of the little arts practised thereat, and threatening to withhold financial support from these churches in aid of which these vanities were encouraged. The question,therefore,arises whether these would come within the inquiry held by the Select Committee which, it is assumed, has by this time been re-appointed. .The evils are real and need to be dealt with, but what of the remedies ?

RUNCORN-- NOTES.

[By A COIuLESPONDENT.I It is pleasing to note that the finances of the Liberal Club are in a very satisfactory condition though at first sight this does not appear to be so. This year the committee have had to meet some extraordinary expenditure which will not be en- countered during the cominp year so that the de- 1 ficit will be slowly but steadily wiped off. It is also pleasing to see that the Liberals of Runcorn are determined to unite together as in former days. The probability is that Sir John Brunner, will be asked to yearly visit his constituents and thus infuse new vigour and life into the electors of the Northwich Division. Those who remember the po3r organization at the last election will agree that something should be done from a political pint of view in ease an elec- tion should be precipitated unexpectedly. It is none too early to plan out an organization which will stand us in good stead at election times.

According to a resolution nalved by Mr Posnert Runcorn, like its member, is going to follow the fortunes of Lord Rosebery.

There was but little business at the School Board meeting held on Tuesday. Thera was, however, an important pronouncement by Mr Handley. The Board think that the lack of accommodation at the Victoria-road Board School can be amply met by transferring the lower classes to Granville-street, It was pointed out that it was impossible to accommodate all the scholars at the Victoria Schools who are on the registers,which is a lament- able state of things. The transferring ot the scholar would mean an increased grant and a saving to the ratepayers' pockets, which is a consummation devoutly to be wished.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Saturday's was a remarkably good performance and is noteworthy because it is the first time the team have won away from home since November 9th. It would seem ta show that the men are re- turning to their best form, In the packed scrim- mages, the Cheshire lals had not a ten to one chance of :pushing the burly Yorkshiremen, but they made up for this lack of strength by extra. smartness and gained possession with gratifying frequency. And I am pleased to hear the backs executed some fine passing with which Hunslet were unable to cope. The youngsters did well Flannagan's try was a very clever individual effort, and Butterworth's display was equal to his reputa- tion, whichlhas not been the case for some months past, and Moran didicapitally. Young Faulkner was again a success at half back. Walker was the best forward on the field and Wilkinson played splendidly at full back.

For the match with Oidha.n to-morrow Houghton has signified his intention to turn out, his leg now having completely recovered. The full team is ; Houghton, back ; Moran, But.terworth, Warder and Flannagan, three-quarters; Jolley and Richardson, half backs; Walker, Langley, Lightfoot, Woods, Hayter, Moulton, Brooks atm Tomlinson.

The Club have this week signed on a new player in Harry Price, of Runcorn Recreation, This is a very promising player. He is a lengthy youth' with plenty of bone and muscle, and he has done goad service for the Rees at three-quarter. He is fairly fast, passes well. and has a mighty kick for a lad. He is to travel to Oldham with the "A" team to-day.

The Club have had notice to quit their field with the alternative of purchasing. The figure asked is preposterous. Negotiations are proceeding with the solicitors for the owners, and it is probable that the affair will shortly be satisfactorily arranged,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

OPENING OF A NEW CLASSROOM AT FRODSHAM.—On Wednesday afternoon the Bishop of Liverpool, Dr Chavasse,opened a new classroom which has been added to the Frodsham boys school as a memorial to the late Miss W E Ashley a prominent church worker in the dis- trict. There was a good attendance at the opening ceremony which took.the form of a short service and the boys of the school rendered special assistance in the vocal parts under Mr Carath, master. Interesting ad- dresses were given by the Bishop and the Vicar the Rev H B Blogg who paid a high tribute to the deceiqed lady Votes ot thanks closed the proceedings,

Military -Changes. The King's (Liverpool Regiment).—H L Wright (University candidate), to be second lieutenant, in succession to Lieutenant H N Robinson, promoted; DRO D O'Flynn (University candidate), to be second lieutenant. 4th Battalion the King's (Liverpool Militia,Begiment.—Captain H G Walker resigns:his commission.—lst Volunteer Battalion the King's (Liverpool Reginient).—Captain and Honorary Major A J Pilkington resigns his com- mission, with permission to retain his rank and to wear the uniform of the battalion after retirement; R L Keating to be quartermaster.-2nd Volunteer Battalion the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiinent).—Captain A Brewis resigns his commission. ASK for CUSNINQLIAM'S HI4II-CLA2S MINERAL WATS/U.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

PERSONAL.

At tha annual meeting ot the Runcorn Free Church Council on Friday evening, Mr James Pritchard was unanimously ,elecsed president tor the ensuing year. S.IIIPPING ACCIDENT AT RUNCORN. _

On Monday morning, a disquieting rumour had got abroad to the effect that ths flat " Pilot," be- longing to Messrs R Abel a'nd Sons, carriers, Run- corn, had gone down in the Mersey on Sunday with four hands, who belong to Runcorn. The flat went down the riser to collect ft cargo of sand, and it was reported that in the rough weather on Sunday, the boat had been sunk. On inquiries on Monday however it transpired that the flat which had been fully exposed to the fury of the gale, had been run ashore tor safety,and it floated with Monday's noon tide, and was able to proceed up the Mersey with a small cargo. SAD FATALITY AT RI:INCA/N.

On Wedn—esday an inquest was held at the Run- corn Police Court touching the death of a sailor named Bernard Caffery whose body was recovered on Tuesday from the Ship Canal.—The evidence showed that on Tuesday night the deceased was going from his ship to buy some food.when he must have fallen into the water. A boy, named Baden, heard the cries for assistance but by the time he summoned help the sailor had disappeared. I He was afterwards grappled for in the Slap Canal ,1 and when found was quite dead.—A verdict of " Found drowned" was returned.

DESERT/NG HIS WIFE. On Thursday at the Runcorn Police Court Henry Wyche was charged with deserting his wife at Stockham whereby she had become chargeable to the common fund of the Runcorn Union.—The evidence showed that the woman had been charge- able to the Union since the 6th August and all efforts to find him had been fruit- less, Mr Cooke relieving officer discovered however, in an evening paper that a man of prisoner's name bad been summoned at Northwich and inquiry showed that he was the man wanted. It was stated that prisoner had previously suffered inprisonment for refusing to contribute to the maintenance of his parents some years ago.— Prisoner was committed to Knutsford for two months, CYCLE ACCIDENT IN CHURCH-STREET.

On Friday afternoon two lady cyclists were passing along Church-street when Mrs Hall, an elderly woman, apparently unconscious of their approach, attempted to cross the thoroughfare. One of the lady wheelers just managed to get clear of her, but the other cyclist collided with the woman, knocking her down. Mrs. .Hall sustained a nasty gash on her head which bled profusely, and she was rendered unconscious. She was picked up by Messrs 0 Watson and T Briscoe,and carried into her home at the rear of Mr. Bankes', hairdresser. Here a doctor was summoned with all possible haste, but such was the shock sustained that she did not recover consciousness until Sunday morn- ' ing. It seems that the unfortunate woman is some- what deaf, and that may explain why she did not hear the cyclists approaching. She is now making satisfactory progress towards recovery. BOARD SSHOOL TEACHERS ENTERTAINED BY MR AND Mats. NORMAN.

Last Friday evening all the teachers employed by the Runcorn School Board assembled in Bruns- wick School, in response to an invitation from Mr and Mrs F J Norman. The room was tastefully decorated for the occasion, and the company, num- bering about 60, sat down to an excellent tea, pro- vided by the host and hostess. The remainder of the evening was spent in social diversion, a feature of which were the " progressive games." Besides the members of the teaching staff there were also present:—Messrs James Pritchard (chairman of the Board),S Taylor and It II Posnett,(members of the ISchool Board) Mrs Lightfoot,Miss Norman,and others.M.r W Handley wrote expressing his inability to be present, owing to indisposition. The company separated about 10.30, having spent a most enjoy- able evening. The kindness of Mr and Mrs Norman was greatly appreciated by all present. OLD FOLK'S TRELT AT HALTON. The 22nd Old Women's and Widows' Tea Party was held in the Girls' School on Friday' evening. It is pleasing to note that the function loses none of I its popularity, there being more than usual present I on this occasion, About 75 sat down to a substantial tea, presided over by the following ladies : Mesdames Wray, T Wright, Stokes, W Collier, Misses Bushell (nurse), L Wright, E Wright, Per- cival, C Percival, Johnson, Stokes, Walker, and Houghton. After the tea the Rev G D Wray ex- hibited a number of interesting limelight views of Switzerland, which country he has recently visited, and also a number of amusing elides, which caused a deal of merriment among the old folks. Several humorous readings were given by Mrs Edel,ton,the aged ladies being liberal in their applause. Miss Dorothy Collier sang, "I don't want to play in your back yard" in pleasing style, and Misses Lily Shaw and Amy Coward were also applauded for tueir ren- dering of " Love me as you used to do." Several humorous selections by Mr S Bunion were ap- plauded vigorously. Miss B Johnson skilfully executed a solo on the pianoforte. A series of phonograph selections by Mr W Byfield provided a fund of amusement, and a Runcorn glee party, under the direction of Mr William Shaw, added greatly to the old folks' enjoyment. Miss Annie Percival sang " Uncle John" very effectively, and ,1 Mr Rowland Jeacock was loudly applauded for "There's a tavern in our town." An amusing speech was given by the Rev S Wilkinson, which caused roars of laughter. Mrs Wray proposed a vote of thanks to Mr and Mrs T Wright, who had spared no time or trouble in making that annual gathering a success.--This was carried with accla- mation, all the old folks giving unmistakable signs of appreciation. During the evening choice fruit was served round, and each one was presented with a ill). paeket of tea.

ST. Joax's CHURCH, EARLESTOVirN. On Saturday evening, a social gathering was held in the Mission Hall, Ea rlestown, in connection with the Girls' Bible Class attached to St John's Church Sunday S:thool. About 250 persons were present, made up of members of the class and friends, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The amusements consisted of dancing to the strains of the orchestral band, games, and songs by the Rev J C Matthews land Miss Clare.

POSTAL OFFICIALS' SUPPER AT NEWTON. On Tuesday evening the members of the Post Office Etatf at Newton-le-Willows had their annual supper:on the premises. About 30 were present, supper being:commerical at 10 o'c:ink. After the cloth had been removed,Xtr Jordan,postmaster pre- sided Several toasts were proposed and duly honoured,and a number of complimentary speeches were made. The harmony was contributed to by various members of the staff, :tiles Beatty giving valuable assistance. Miss Jordan accompanied on the piano.

CRAWFORD'S " A LEXANDRA " licethus. JUST INTRODUCED, .

===== 0002601_19020131_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE

CORONATION.

IHow must Warrington celebrate the Coronation of the King and Queen? That is a subject which is already engaging the attention of the members lof the Town Council. The matter was referred to at the meeting of the General Purposes Committee held at the Town Hall on Monday evening- The Mayor, Mr J C Parr, presided and in the course of a brief speech, he expressed the earnest hope teat Warrington would not be behind other towns in its manifestations of loyalty on that important occa- sion. This expression of opinion was heartily as- sented to aria it was ultimately agreed that the Par- liamentary Committee should take into considera- tion the best method of celebrating the Coronation of the King and Queen. The Coronation will take place on Thursday, June 26th. There is already a consensus of opinion in the town that the usual holidays connected with Walking Day should be held in the same week, and thus prevent a couple or breakages in different weeks. There seems little difficulty in the way to prevent the holding of Walking Day on the day following the King's , Coronation, and if this coarse is adopted, the customary " trip •' day will follow on the Satui day. Nothing definite has been decided upon as to the best method of celebrating the Coronation, although suggestions have been informally made. One of them is a grand, procession of , trades and friendly societies, on a somewhat similar scale to that witnessed on the occasion of the jubilee of the late green's reign in 1837., A grand firework display has also been mentioned but the feeling is gaining ground that something of a permanent character would be preferable Warrington has.nothing of a permanent character to remind its citizens of previous national celebra- tions and it is felt that a fitting memorial to the late Qreen should form a part of the impending celebrations. A public subscription list will be issued at an early date.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LIBERAL eLUB.

Annual Meeting. On Tuesday evening the annual meeting was held at the Liberal Club. Mr A R Norman. occupied the chair and he was sunported by Messrs Brimelow (chairman of committee), A Riley (secretary), and %V Millin2er (treasurer). There was a very good gathering which in- cluded moat of the leading Runcorn Liberals,

THE SECRETARY'S ANNTAL REPORT.

The Secretary reported that the work during the past year had been one of consolidation and was, a fairly satisfactory one. Additional expenses had been found necessary over and above those at first con'emplated set after the payment of these out of the yeas' revenue the balance for the year was slightly more favourable than at the beginning. The nett income had been £159 193 and the expenditure £153 181 91. These RUMS excluded the balance in the hands of the Secretary and the amount owing on capital account. Sir John Brunner had kindly offered to forego the inter- est and repayment of the amount expended in recon- struction until the prior liability bad been discharged. As good use had beea made of the reading room during the year the committee to make it mare useful had ex- pended a greater sum on literature than:in the previous year. The committee's thanks were duo to all who had given and lent magazines, etc. The lecture room of the club gave excellent facilities for the Progressive candidates at the recent Board School election and alaia proved the necessity of the enhvgement and reconstruction of the club. The committee would ever keep in view toe education of their members in Liberal pricciples of which the club would be a rallying place for discussion, etc. The secretary, in reply to Mr Norman pointed out that a great deal of extraordinary expenditure had been met this year which would not have to be met again, There was every prospect that the overdraft at Parr's Bank would be thus steadily diminished. The report was approved. THE APPOINTMENTS. The following gentlemen were re-elected during the the evening :—President, Sir John T Brunner, Bart; Vice-presidents, Messrs A R Norman, S Taylor, R Posnett, W Ockleston and Torokinson (Crewe); auditors, Messrs H Wright and C Kniveton ; treasurer, Mr W Millinger •, secretary, Mr A Riley ; committee, Messrs J Arden, W B Briooelow, S Bailey, T Cook, J C Cragg, 11 Chadwick, J Green, T Hillidge, J Handley, J E R Pearson, A E Parr, J Stan way.

LORD ROSEBERY :THE LEADER OF A UNITED PARTY. Mr R Posnett then moved the foilowina resolution : _ .

—" That this meeting 'rejoices in the ietu-rn of Lord Rosebery to political work ani recognisis ia his spepc;!l at Chesterfield the one principle upon which tie Liberal party may be united, and that this club cordially we!. comes him as the onlv possible leader of the Liberal party and trusts that. he will speedily assume that posi- tion at the head of its affaira. He said that he did net move the resolution in any spirit of rivalry but from a profound feeling that it was only by showing that Lord Rosebery bad the mass of public feeling be- hind him in criticising the Government that any effect could be produced at all. The matter was above all the paltry factions of party. The only way to inflaerc a a Government which they believed was against all the bet interests of the country was to pass a resolution of that kind. There was only a small sprinkling of those termed pro Bons. While they would do nothing in any I way to interfere, in the shape of criticism with the soldiers fighting their battles they had no sympathy with the Government who had blundered ea recklessly. Mr A R Norman seconded, remarking that the rank and file of the party were as many and as staunch as ever but they want a teader to whom all cool leek up with respect and with confidence. Such a man was Lord Rosehtry. Messrs H D.rlington and W Brimelow also spoke in favour of the resolution which was passed with much enthusiasm

On the propositionicif Mr R H Posnett it WA9 r'solved that copies or the letter be sea t to Lord Rosebery and Sir T Brunner, member for the division.

RUNCORN BOARD OF QUA IDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of this authority wag held on Tursrlay afternoon at Dutton Workhouqe.—Present Mr J Scokes (in the chair), Messrs A R. Norman J.P.C.C.. (rice-chairman), S Taylor J.P., T Reynolds, T Wood, T Lea, the members of the Rural Council and Messrs G F Ashton (clerk) and W E Hugh (assistant clerk).

===== 0002601_19020131_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
VACCINATION ORDERS.

A circular WB9 received from the Local Government Board drawing attention to the fact that in face of the outbreak of smallpox they lead decidcd not to limit the supply of calf lymph to primary vaccination only but for re-vaccination also. They were now issuing to public vaccinators a quantity of lymph very much in excess of the normal supply to meet the additional demand. _ _ _

_ The Clerk said that he had forwarded the letter to the public vaccinator. THE ISOLATION OP-SMALLPDX PATIENTS.

A circular on the name subject was also received from the Local Government Board drawing attention to the considerable risk of small pox being spread by moans of casual paupers and trusted that the Guardians would take measures to diminish the danger. Only circum- stances of grave urgency justified the admission or retention of a small pox csse in a workhruse, and measures, in such a case, should Le taken to have all the inmates and persons employed to attend on the patient, vaccinated. The Clerk stated that he had forwarded the copy of the circular to the Medical Officer of the workhouse:

VISIT OF DELEGATES re CONSUMPTIVE PATIENTS.

Mr A R Norman, who with Mr Moseley Williams, was appointed a delegate to attend a conference dealing 1 with the question of conaumptive Inmates, gave a de- tailed account of the conference. Be said that he fourd out of the five unions represented that most of the dele- gates went there, like themselves, for information. They were unanimously of opinion taat the treatment of consumptives was as yet in its infancy and that no expense should be incurred until they knew bow the treatment would turn out. Some were enthusiastic, and were disposed to petition the County Council to take up the matter. Others thought that unions could run a sanatorium of their own. But the ultimate decision was that the conference requested the County Council to consider the advisability of provid- ing a sanatorium for the treatment of consumptives. It was thought that it would b 3 better to pay two or three sums of 17s 6d for consumptives rather than establish a sanatorium of their own. It wouri,be inadvisable to spend money until something had been proved. Thu Master of the house, in reply to the Chairman, said that there was only one consumptive case in the 'house at present and that there had not been a con- sumptive in the house before. The Chairman said it would be satisfactory for ths public to 'know that. PUBLIC VACCINATORS'FEES.

The Clerk submitted a comparative statement of vaccination fees paid to public vaccinators. These were as follows :-1898 : Runcorn, £2O 123 4i ; Prod- sham, £l7 104 6d; Halton, £6 lOs 64 ; Budworth, , £l3 13s. 1901 : Runcorn. £l5O 19; ; Frodsham,£6l 3s; , Halton, £l9 19s 64 ; Bud worth, £57 13 6d. Tho total fees for 1898,were £5B es 4d as compared with £289 15s for 1901. The Chairman said that the figures showed a great increase. Mr Reynolds stated that a doctor speaking to him a chart time ago said that he would like to revert to the old system. From a financial point of view it would pay him much better. THE COST OF PROVISIONS FOR PAUPERS. A statement was presented by the Clerk showing the cost of provisions and necessaries consumed by paupers in the Workhouse during the following periods : Michaelmas, half-year, 1900, £550 18s 3d ; average cost

===== 0002601_19020131_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
=;(' '44s4oltiatii""--

===== 0002601_19020131_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
per day 5 2-si. L tdy Div. half-year. 1901, £7ll 18s sd. Michaelmas, halt ytar, 1901, £631 17d 41; average daily cosc 5 3-sd.

WAYS AND MEANS.

Mr Wright reporteYtUat—t—tie—pTy—Ments for out-relief were as ronows :—Huaeorn, £55 ; Frodsh.m, £25 ; Buclworth, £27. The repott was spproved. HOUSE ACCOMMODATION. Mr Moseley Williams reported that the house was quite full. There were 160 persons as against 151 last year. THE ANNUAL TREAT TO THE INMATES.

A vote of tnariss was p.ssed to Miss Ligricfoot and Miss Norman for parcels of literature. Also to the Ladics' Visiting Committee and t) Mr femperley and his party for providing the musical portion ot the annual treat to the inmates on Friday last. • • 'fae clairman and others expressd their satisfaction for the admirable manner in which the ladies and others had contributed to the enjoyment of the inmates. This concluJed the business.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortni,ghtly meeting of this authority was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Present—Mr J Kuowl-s (in the chair), J Mclntyre, T Wright, T Bsxer, J Nick- son, J Stokes, T Lewis, T Ant wiss, G Filling, It Bling- ton, C Roylance, P Weave, A Greenway, A 11 falbot, J Moseley Williams, T Darlington, E Clarke, A Eaton, W H Bradford, Messrs G F Asaton (clerk),W E Hough (assistant clerk), Dr Adams (medical officer), W Diggle and J S wintm (surveyors), and James Farrington (inspector).

===== 0002601_19020131_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION REQXO RE lIENTS .

Mr H J Pooley. stcretary t 3 the Board. of E lunation, Whitehall, London, S. W., wrote as follows :-17cti January, 1902.—Sir, adverting to your letter dated the , Bth inst.. I am directed by the Board of Education to 1 state that the Liverpool Shaw-street Special Board School is the nearest to the Runcorn Rural Diurict. The Leeds Scho Board Boarding Out Committee is the' only Boarding Out Committee yet formed. Several ctildren have teen boarded out under the supervision of that committee and attend the Leeds School Board's Special Schools." The Clerk said he had made inquiries from the Liver- pool School Authorities and found that the. schools were only for their own district. There was oaly one school in the country viz. the Leeds School Boarding Out Committee. He had 'not yet written to that body asking if they took in outsiders.

THE DEADLOCK AT MOORE. _ _

Mr Reginald Potts, clerk co the Cheshire County Council,wrcte under date 220 d January, asking to be informed definitely what the District Council purposed doing in this matter by return ot post, as he intented to lay a communication from the More Parish Council before the Local Govnuntht Acts Committee. Mr C H Mason, solicitor to the London and North- Western Railway Co., Euston station, wrote on the same subject under date January 22 id regretting that the matter had been delayed. He had now received ftom the Ship Canal Company's solicitors a detailed reply to his enquiries, but they made some entirely new statements or tact avnich were not in accordance with his instructions and which he bad accordingly referred to his client's land agent and engineer to verify. Writ- ing en the 27th inst, on the same subject, Mr Mason said in was instructed that the fresh facts which were lately communicated to him by the Ship Canal Com- pany's solicitors, already alluded to, would require in- ves:igation, so that his ropy might ho delayed for a day or two. He regretted the delay but h, thought that it would probably lead to saving of time and dis- cussion. It was decided to await the further reply of lho Lon- don and North Western Railway Company.

A WESTON SIAN roLinaan. Mr. George Nicholson, of Qurry Bank, Weston, wrote as follows under date IBM January r—Sir, I beg to in- form you that owing to a quantity of cinders being left on the footpath at Weston Point by your men on Thurs- day night, the 9:h January last, and there being no light I had the misfort one to fall,and at the same time to stave in three of my ribs, and to receiv3 a severe :hock to my system. I I:ave been in bed ever since under the doctor's care. I now beg t) inform you. that I wBI be compelled to claim damages for loss of w )rk and expenses. Hoping to hear from you by return with reference to this matter. To W. D,ggl, Eq. Mr Diggle explained that a new road was tieing made in Weston and that there had been three cart loads of cinders tipped there. Re had given orders for the loads to be topped hut the man bad forgotten to do so. Mr Guest had promised to look into te mater hat whether he had done so or not he could not say as rdr Guest was not that day at the meeting. Resolved to defer consideration of the matter to the Gerk and the Surveyor.

THE THELWALL NUISiNCE.

A Irtter was received from Samuel Massey, Cuerden Terrace Weaste-lane, dated January 25th. The letter, which was not reid,was handed to the Medical Officer.

RUNCORN SCIOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of the School Board was held on Tuesday evening at the Board room, Mr J Pritchard in the chair. Present :—Mr 8 Taylor (vice-chairman), Rev Canna Wood, Rev Father Chambers, Messrs W Handley, R Fl Posnett, E irnison, F J Normana Littler, Mr J W Lightburn (clerk), and A Lightburn (assistant clerk), AP2OINTMEgT OF CHAIRMILN OF COMMITTEE. At a meeting of the School Management Committee held on the 141:11 January, Mr W Handley was appointed chairman for the ensuing three years.

DEATH OF A FEMALE TEACHER. The Clerk reported the dnath of Miss Emily Douglas (which took place on Sunday the 19th inst) an ass6tant teacher at Mill Brow School:--4 letter was read from Mr T C Haddock resigning his position as treasurer to the Board in consequence of ill health and it was recom- mended that his resignation be accepted and that he be thanked for his past services. It was further rece,m- mended that Mr F II Shaw, manager.of Part's Bank, Runcorn, be appointed treasurer. Mr Handley in moving the confirmation of the minutes said that the death of Miss Emily Dluglas, one of their female teachers was a CALM for deep regret to every member of the Board. The deceased had born laid aside for some time and had died suddenly the other Sunday night. It would be a good thing to send a note of condolence to her mother, because there had been a doublo bereavement in the family—the loss of both husband and daughter—within the last tour nainths.

Mr Norman seconded that a letter of condolence be sent and the motion was passed. FEE RANTS. It was reported that £/33 53 was to amount of the fee grants and cleat the overseers had had paid into their accounts the sum of £5OO. THE OVEEtCROWDINO AT VICTORIA BOARD SCHOOL. Mr Handley moved the following resolution. "As the monthly returns of the school a:tend ances for some time past show overcrowding in Victoria-road Schools, the Clerk to prepare a statement and report at the next meeting of the School Management Committee as to the practicability of transferring a sufficient numberl of scholars cf the lower standards, to reduce the overcrowding, from the Victoria-road to the Granville-street school." Mr Handley,in the course of • lengthy and detailed speech showed that there were more scholars on the registers of the Victoria-road school than it was possible to find room for. If they all presented themselves on a given day the teachers would be compelled to refuse a great number admit- tance. It would be much better, he argued, to remove the lower classes to Granville-streot in order to make way for the upper scholars. If they were to use the surplus accommodatisn in this way at Granville-street, they Could get more scholars, earn a larger grant and thus save the pockets of the ratepayers. Canon Wood seconded and the proposition was passed. ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMUITEE. The annual report submitted showed an increase of 61. in the average number oo the school register com- pared with Hie previous year ; an increase of 19 in the average uttendance ; parents summoned betore the committee, 779, an increase of 2 ; prosecutions before the magistrates 171, a decrease of 39. A total of 305 children of school age left Runcorn 1900-1901. The number of canal boat children 98. It was reported that the percentage of attendances is 85.98 (including boat children) exceeding that of hest year, which was the highest previously recorded. The severe epidemic of measles seriously affected the attendance in all departments of the schools, it extended from the early part of October to Christmas, 1900, and necessitated the closing of all the Infants' School in turn for part of this period. The increased average attendance however had earned in Government Grants about Rue 103 more than last year, which was £6l 10s. in excess of the previous one. It was especially gratifying to note the improved attendance of boat children as shewn by the following percentages of attendance for corresponding nerieee, viz :-1819. percentage 25 7. 1900, percentage 29.8. 1901, percentage 34.8. The new bye-laws became operative in Islay last, but the Monthly returns shew the increased penalty for non-3ttendance had not secured the results anticipated,the magistrates in four cases only having partially exercised their pgwers. This was probably owing to the belief that some parents are still ignorant of the new conditions. The average number of children absent every time the schools were opened was 488, resultieg In a loss in Government Grants to the Schools in Runcorn, after making full allowance for r excusable causes, of about £531 103. Parental neglect by practically the same persons was the cause of this great evil. Father Chambers, as chairman, in moving the adop- tion of the report, said they could congratulate them- selves on the fact that there was a decrease in the prosecution before the magistrates compared with previous years. There should be, he thought, special legislation for boat children. It was unfair that Runcorn should be saddled with so many boat children. The Clerk stated that if they excluded the boat children from the attendance there would be a percentage of 88, which would be an exceptionally good One. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5

===== 0002601_19020131_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF A VILLAGE HALL AT

HALTON. The Gift of Sir John Brunner, Bart., M.P.

Sir John T Brunner, Bart, M.P., formally opened on Saturday a village ball which he has generously pro- vided for the free use of the parishioners of Halton. The building, formerly known as the Primitive Method- ist Chapel, was recently purchased by Sir John, and he has borne the cost of putting it into a thorough state of repair, adapting it for tne meetings of the Parish Council, Iced frienoly societies, educational,social, and recreative gatherings and the like. By means of a fold- ing screen the hall can be divided into two portions, so that it will be possible for two meeting to be held on the premises simultaneously. The furniture is also in keeping with this idea, bolding forms being pro- vided which can be put into. a very small space when not required for use. On Saturday prior to the opening proceedings, there was ga special meeting ot the Parish Council, it which the following resolution was unanimously adopted, on the motipn of Mr W Moores (ctairman), second-d by Mr Jeacock :—" Tba-, this Council tenders its most sincere and hearty thanks to Sir John Brunner, Bart, for the kind and generous offer made this atternoon to tue parish of Hatton (through trio medium of the Parish Council) of the free use of the Parish Hall for any pur- pose which would tend to promote the general good o the parishioners or any pert of them,and that this Conn cil pledges itself to use every means in its power to , further and encourage the proper use of the ball " Sir John . was subsequently entertained to tea by the Council. Besides the bon baronet there were ' present G D Wray (vicsr),R*v S Willeinacn(vicar of Timperiey), Rev 11 Morrison (resident Wesleyan minister), Mi John Ockleston (representative on the County Council), Mr Thomas Wright (district coun- cillor), Mr W Handley, Mr John H Gamon, Mr Ii Vi Handley, the members of the Parish Council, viz : Messrs W Moores (chairman), J Asbury, S Barrow, A Fryer, John B Houghton, R Hughes, G Rulate, John S Jeacock, J Looker, J Manning, W Moores, A Paves', Joseph Stokes,and A Woodier (clerk). After the tea the ball was opened to the public and very few minutes elapsed before it was filled with an enthusiastic audi- ence.

In addressing a crowded meeting presided over hope that by the Rev G D Wray,'the Parish Council would transact their business in the vicar of :the parish, Sir John expressed the builcling,and that the inhabitants generally would make use of it for their amusement, recreation, and improve- ment, and that it would become the seat of a public library. It was an allegation against parish councils that they easily occupied themselves in doing nothing. He was not one of those who depreciated the work of putting a plank across a ditch. It might be at immense importance to a considerable number of people. There were many public rights, especi- ally in the rural neighbourhoods, which were of great value, of great convenience, and a source of great pleasure to people. For the sake of the present and of future generations the ratepayers ought to stand up as men for their rights and not allow one to be taken away. The duty of protecting public rights was thrown upon parish councils, and he hoped t'ao Halton Council would discharge that duty fearlessly. It would ,be their duty to maintain that village hall. Sir John commented strongly upon the fact that while parish Councils could receive gilts town councils and district couecils could not do so without the august and gracious permission of the ',mid G avernm^nt Board, obtained in a manner that was an idiotic waste of pub- ho time. The Leaislaturo had got into such a pitiable mess that no member of the House of Commons could hope to get a bill passed to fill up this hiatus in the law, and he had suggested that the House of Lords, which had nothing on earth to do just cow, should pass the necessary bill. Here was Coronation year, and prob- ably many wealth 7 men and wealthy women might be moved by public spirit to celebrate the coronation of King Edward VII. by gifts, and if every authority had the right to receive gifts many more gifts would be made and many men like himself and a 'arc(' number oficommunities like Haltoa would have mutual pleasure: Mr J Stokes proposed, and Mr T Wright seconded a vote of taanks to Sir John, to which he briefly responded.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WESLEYAN HOME

MISSIONS.

In connection wilh the Wesleyan Methodist body, the Home Missionary Anniversiry was observed at S. Paul's Church on Sunday.— rue Rev Jos,mh rev:lett, of Leicester, was the special preaoher, and the services were very well attended. Special hymns were snug and anthems were rendered bv the chor.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
_ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting was held in toe church on Mon- day evening, under tho,presilency of Mr JtVIIPEI Prit- chard. Those on the platform included : —The Revs Joseph Posnett, A Well;, li Morrison, J B Foster. T Sidney Morris, Messrs T Sim,ster, R H Pomett, F Norman, J Greenhelgh, acid J Haworth. Taere was a. moderate attendance. The Rev A Wells, hon. treasurer, presented the follow- ing report :—" The committee assists in the support of 89 home missionary ministers, appointed to circuits, but engaged inn home mission work in prescribed localities. For the most part these appointments are made for the purpcse of raising up new, and it is t I be hoped, ulti- mately self-supporting csums. In addition, more than 40 ministers are appointed to missions in cities and large towns maintained exclusively, either by the members of (the missions, or by the circuits adjoining. Seven Con- nexional evangelists (two of whom are laym en) are wholly employed in conducting special missions. The or linary inco me of the year, consisting of Sunday collect ions, public meetings. suh- se.riptions and jure nil e associations, was £25,345 143 11, an iocreaase of £1,985 111 10d. Other items bring the total un to £34,522 2s. The expenditure on all accounts was £30,700 63 63, this leaving a surplus of £3, 826 153 61 for the reduction of the &tot handed down for several:years,which:now stands:at £3,557 10s Id Towards this total the amount raised in the Runcorn cir- cuit was as frllows:—Sunday collections,:el9 Os 63; public meetings, £2 193 91 ; Camden Juvenile A.sociation, £l3 53 ; sutscriptions. £3 103 ; total. £55 15; 31. Of this amount St. Paul's contributed £27 163 31; made up as follows :—Sunday collections, £ll. 163 61; meeting. £l9. 93 9d ; subscriptions.£3 103. Mr Well; spoke hope- fully of mission work in Runcorn through the agency of the mothers' meetings and other organizations in con- nection with the church, making special reference to a movement among young women under the able direc- tion of Mn; Simkin, assisted by others. These young women were being trained in the habits of cleanliness, thrift, and industry, and above all into a (valet deepen- ing of the conscience that there was something nobler and bstter than they had had yet which awaited their acceptance. (Applause.) After addresses by the Chairman and Mr Posnett,the meeting concluded.

The collections at the services and meetings totalled up to nearly £l9. HALTON WESLEYAN CHAPEL. The home missionary anniversary was observed on Sunday in the Wesleyan hapel, Halton, when :sermons were preached, morning and evening,by the Rev Alfred Wells. Notwithstanding the inclement weather, the congregations were very good, especially at the evening service. In the after- noon, the annual missiocary meeting was held, when again there was a splendid attendance. The chair was taken by Mr J B Houghton, of Halton Brook, and addresses were delivered by Messrs Clark, J Looker,and the Rev Alfred W:11s. The latter gave an interesting 1 speech, showing that the Christianity as taught and exemplified by Jesus Corist, was the oae solution of th 9 social problems of to-day. The meeting closed with a vote of th.mirs o the chairman. Th 9 collections amounted to £3 103.

I vote

===== 0002601_19020131_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MY LITTLE BOY WAS CURED BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Mrs HAGUE, Ratcliffe Crescent, Lockwood, n e Huddersfield, writes :—" DIF boy, aged 12 year suffered from hoarseness and bronchitis for six weeks W& all thought he never would be cured or speak plain ' again. After taking four or five doses of VENO'S LIORT- -55150 Cotton Cuss he was able to speak plain. I have never seen anything to act so quickly. I have had four bottles altogether and he is now quite cured." VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH Cuss stops as ordinary Cough in one nignt, and rapidly cures old chronin coughs, bronchitis, asthma, weak lungs' d and blood spitting. A new scientific remedy compose of ingredi- ents never before used in Great Britain. Far superior to ordinary. cough mixtures Or any of the emulsions. It has cured many sufferers after they have been turned out of hospitals. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COVGIL Coax at chemists and medicine vendors. Price is. and 2s, 9d. per bottle.

POLICE INCREASE Al' KA.RLESTOWN,

In compliance with the request of the Newton Urban District Council, the police authorities have increased the force in the Newton district. Another sergeant has been appoieted to Earlestown, who with Sergeant Ling a will devote their time and attention to the Earlestown district alone. Sergeant Bancks will be in future located solely at Newton. A couple of policemen have also been appointed, but these are chiefly for the outside district. PUBLIC BENEFIT TINDER ma CLOCK 705 BBST BOOTS IN LANCA ST ANGE'S A 1 CRYSTAL OIL, the best a; safest S. GLELAND. 51 to 55 Bride St. —Aclct

I

I

I

$4. • r:

q.

• -

"Mr .................--- _

===== 0002601_19020131_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTHY AND STRONG.

When you feel" run down," and can't face your work rropert7, you have only to take a course of Gwi!ym Evans' Quinine Bitters, then you will relish your tood and pick up your bodily strength and spirits quicker than you lost them. Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters is The Best Remedy for Indige.tion, weakness, Nervous- ness, Loss of Appetite, flatulence, L3W Spirits, Sleep- lessness and Chest Affections. TESTIMONIALS. Dear Sirs, Alltmelyd, Rhrl. I have suffered for years from Weakness, Low Spirits, and Indigestion, and the best remedy I have bad is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. I take it every year, and would not he without it for anything.—Yours truly, M. WILLIAMS. A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. Sirs, 22, Durden-street, Winsford. Some time ago I had the Influenza, and the Doctors could do rn.• no good with their medicine, so I took two bottles of Gaollym Evans' Quinine Bitt,rs, and it has done me a lot of god. I think Gwi!vm Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Wonderful Medicine.—Yours truly, MELLOR.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PEOPLE TELL THE TqUTH.

People tell the truth about Gwi/yrn Evans' Quinine Bitters, because they are grateful for the good they have derived when suffering from starved, noor, thin blood ;or the exhaustion of nerves, and the worries front overwork.

DONE MUCH GOOD. EEDear Sirs, 33, Dunstoc-street, taancrston. Will you be so kind as to forward me three bottles of Qwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters (12i 6i) as soon as possible. I feet that the bottle which I have taken has done me much gold, ani I believe if I take three more bottles they will set me to riehts again. I am glad to say that I feel much better after taking one bottle.- --ours truly. M. MORGAN. RECEIVED GREAT BENEFIT. B. Campbet-street, S:ockton-nn-Ter.. Flaying received treat benefit myself fm taking Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters on different occasions, I wish my nephew, who is very weak, to give it a trial. Therefore send me, by return of post, a 4s Si bottle, for which I enclose eash.—Yours truly, H. J. JONES. SAVE YOURSELF FROM IMITATIONS.

Save yourself from the flood of imitatioos that fill the market. Insist on having the Genuine Article. Look on the label, stamp and bottle, and find the name " Gwilym Evans." Then you are safe. No other pre- paration is " Just as good," or " The samo thing." Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 239.1 and 4s 61 each, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprie- 'ors :—The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A SHOCKING CASE OF YOUTHFUL DEPRIVITY.

At the Warrington Police Court on Saturday, before Mr Direhall and other magistrate., Henry Beckett,a young man, was charged with keeping a brothel at 37a.lborne-street, during the months of December and January, and Ellen Travis and Mary Taylor, eget nineteen and seventeen re- spectively, were charged with aiding and abetting him.—At the outset the Chief Constable said he did not purpose to offer any evidence against the girls. ant he would ask the magistrates to discharge them in order that he might call them as witnesses. He was satisfied that the girls were more . .

to be pitied than punished, and were more alined against than sinning.—The magistrates agreed to this course and the girls were dlscharged.—Dealing with the charge against the man, the Chief C ,nstable said , the facts disclosed a state of things which were alike monstrous and deplorable. It appeared that the prisoner, who was n)t twenty-one years of age and was a single man, was until recently a cab-driver, but about six weeks ago be took it into his head to go to Mr Smith. estate agent, ILegh-street. and take • cottaee In Golborne-street He put into the house some miserable apologies for articles of furniture and then appeared to have cast about for some poor unfortunate female victims for the purpose of earning his miserable subsistence. He got bold of the girl Travis first. She was employed in a situation In Wilderepool-road, and was :induced by the prisoner to go to the house in Golborne-street. By persuasion and the aid of some drink he contrived to make her stay there all night with the result that she was dischargei from her situation and continued to live with him. In a similar manner he got hold of the girl Taylor. The Chief Constable proceeded to describe the subsequent operations of the prisoner, the details being of a revolting character —Prisoner , was then charged with assaulting a woman named Susannah I Hughston at 5 o'clock the previous Saturday morning.— Bvidence was given by Mrs Hug hston and the girl Travis to the effe3t that complainant went to the house for her husband arid was immediately set upon by the prisoner who thumped her and banged her against the wall —The Chief Constable said that In the course of his twenty-two years experience he had dealt with many cases of a similar nature, but with none so bad as the present one.—The magistrates sentenced the prisoner to three months imprisonment with hard labour for the first offence and a month for the assault. The Chair- man said the Bench wished to call the attention of people who had houses of this description to let They hoped that the agents would make inquiries as to the character of those who wished to become tenants and see that the houses did not come into the hands of the such disreputable people as In the present case. Mr Taylor. P.C.M., promised to take steps with regard to the future career of the girls, the Chair- man suggesting that they should be sent to a home. A FATHER PROSECUTES 11Is DAUGHTER.—NO FELONIOUS At Daresbury Petty Sessions oa Tueeday,Muriel Wilkinson. aged sixteen, of Whitler, was charged on remand with having stolen a mare, a ladles' gold watch and chain, and sundry articles of clothing, the property of Daniel Wilkinson on the 22nd of January. She pleaded guilty.—The father stated that his daughter had been acting as housekeeper for ant on the day named he left home at 830 to go to his work, leaving her in charge of the house. On returning at eleven o'clock he found the mare was missing and the "house upside down." Information was given to the police. He would not have had his daughter brought to the court had he known it was she who had taken the erticles.—P C Need- ham stated 'hat at twelve o'clock on Wednesday morning he received information of the robbery and proceeded to Frodsham. wisere be met the defendant. She said she was going horns with the mare.—Defendant said her mother told her that the things were to be divided amongst them. She was under the impression that her mother had given her the things before she died, with the exception of the mare.—The Magistrates' clerk said there was no felonious intent, and the magistrates dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

FRlDAY.—Before 15Ir Hepherd (hi the chair), Councillors Smethurst and John Roberts and Mr Thornton. . .

..... TURASHLNG A HORSE.—Percy Wells, cab-drlYer. 728. Knutsford-ro,d, was summoned for illtreating a horse by beating it on January 17th.—P.S. Smith stated that be was on duty near the Royal Court Theatre and saw the defendant standing on the boa of his cab and beating the horse unmercifully. The whip broke with the force of tha blows.On examining the horse he f nand that both sidcs were covered with weals.—Corroberative evidence was given by Alfred Downes newsagent.—Defendant said the horse had been in a" fusmy temper" during toe day and he had lost three or four fares through it. This was what caused him to beat the animal.—Defendant was tined in the costs. Mowasx.—Eefore Mr P Menke (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst and Messrs Hirchall. Hayward. Wright and Thornton.

THE BOOKMAKER AND HU SATELLITES —Four youths named Harry Green. 19, Greenall-street ; Frederick Lucock, 37, ticistland-road ; Thomas Barclay, 17, Sootland-road ; and Henry Cooke, 13. Erwood-street, were summoned for playing football in Crown-street on the 22nd of January.—Blizateeth Solan, wife of Thomas Solan, of 65, Orford-street. stated that she was walking along Crown-street about a quarter past twelve oa the day in question, when she saw the defendants playing football near Hr Connors stables. They were kick- ing a ball abut the street and it caught her in the eye. and knocked her against the wall. She spoke to defendants, and Green was very Impudent to her. —The Chief Constable said the defendants had all been summoned previously Green bad been convicted as a bookmaker and fined £5. The other boys acted as his satellites, and they were relieving the tedium of their arduous calling by playing football to the danger of unoffending members of the public. Barclay and Cooke had been up previously for playing football ; Lucock for playing pitch and tose.—Defendants Were each fined Si and costs (13e). , HUSBAISD AND WIVE SEPARATED.—WIMESISI O'Connor, 7 Shepherd's-row, Orford-street. was charged with haying been , drunk and disorderly in Orford-street, at twenty minutee past twelve on Sunday morning ; and also with having assaulted his wife at noon on Saturday.—P.C. Sankey said he found defendant drunk with a crowd of people rosin him. He used very bad languege. The man's wife came to him and complained that defendant had assaulted her. There were marks on her arm and tace.—Maria O'Connor said that at twelve o'clock on Saturday at noon her husband sane downstairs from bed. Witness wee sitting by the fire and he asked her to move her chair. She got up from the chair to get something and then her husband pushed her down. She picked up the chair to defend herself but her husband took it from her and again knecked her down to the floor. He called her foul names.—The Chief Constable said the man had been summoned 23 times, twice for neglect of his children and also for assaulting his wife.— Defendant was sent to gaol for a inonth,—Mrs O'Connor then applied for a Separation order stating that her husband had repeatedly aiasulted her of late. He thought nothing of rnning after her with a knife threatening what he would do. He was of drunken and filthy habits —The order was grants with seven shillings per week for maintenance. WEDNESDAII.—Before Mr Blrehall ;in the chair), and Alder- men Mitchinson, Monks and Fairclnugh. A CRUEL CASE OP DEsEnTion.—Tkomas Malkin last of Leigh, was charged With having deserted his wife and child, who thereby became chargeable to the corn-

Them is Security It

• ITTLE Vag Small P 42.1. Small Dose. PILLS Bam4i rnes „. „

Absolutely cure Sick Headache, Odiousness,. Torpid Liver. Indi. festion. Constipation, Dizziness. Yurred To lirue. They Tratch the er. lin be rare Slay are SW:Us.

TEW

===== 0002601_19020131_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
4L.

res ',rept on the, tecthh-tult

" _ e:i.;;ry m..3rtacg

===== 0002601_19020131_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZOBONT

_ Will Sweeten thcl Breath all day, and make all tli.e diderence bw. tWC<TI- .

-- Bead Teeth and Bad Teeth. Mai Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Pretty 'reeth and Ugly Teeth c.omplete in Toilet TOOLO, YOO'clarii %WA

mon funds of the Union.—Mr Shearer who appeared on behalf of the Guardians. stated that an application was made for relief in March, 1900,0 n behalf of the wife the being ill. She was too iii to be removed to the Workhouse.and as allowed out-relief amounting to 3s per week for twenty-one weeks. She had since died A warrant was at that time taken out for the apprehension of the lansband.but nothing was seen or beard of him until he was locked up on Monday. He had been working at Winsvick and other places during the time he had been away. It waS a very cruel case, as the husband never came near Warrington while his wife was ill. He had been given an oppo tunity to pay the money given in relief, but had not done so, and he (Mr Shearer) had no option bat to ask the magistrates to commit him to gaol.—The Bench sentenced prisoner to a month's imprisonment but at the close of the court prisoner's mother came in and paid the money and the case was withdrawn. A DESERTER.—James Mcriicholls, last from Stockport was charged with deaerting from the litla Batt Manchester Beg.— P.S. Williamson stated that prisoner name to the Police' station and Rave himself up,—Prisoner was • remanded to await an escort. THURSDAY, —Before Mr John Fairciough (chairman) _

H Yung. Alderman Sutton, Mr Hepherd, and Mr A DESERTER —Frank Page surrendered himself to the police as a deserter from the depot of the 29th Worcester Regiment, since Saturday last. P.C. Cooper stated that the pl honer came to him in Horsemarket-street and told him he had been eye days absent from his depot in Worcester. He was remanded to Strangeways Gaol to await an esoort.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TUESDAY. —Before Messrs Win Long (in_ the. chair) Henry

Nleld, J 'Wheaton ana A H Talbot.

-, - THEFT or POTATOES AT GRAPPENHALL —Henry Broughton of Grappenhall. was charged on remand with stealing a sack containing 42ib of potatoes, the property of Mr J J Fairherst. Broad-lane, Graopenball, on the 21st January. He pleaded guilty.—Mr Fairhurst stated that defendant had been in his employ foe 36 months. and on the day in question he was brought to his house by P.C. Williams With a sack contain- ing potatoes. They were witness's property —P.C. Williams stated that at half-past six on the 21et January he was at Grappenhall when he noticed defendant entering the Ram's Head Inn. He was earrylnx a sack whieh he placed by the wall. Witness inspected the sack, and being suspicious made inquiries, with the result that defendant was subse- quently arrested. He was taken to Stockton Heath police station, where he admitted the theft.—He was fi“ed 101 and core. _

WARRINGTON KAN SENT Ta GAOL—Thomas Longshaw, Illizabeth-street, Warrington. was charged on remand with having stolen an overcoat, valued at les, the property of Thomas Wright, a carter in the employ of Mr Thomas Ball, Acton Bridge, on the 13th of January.—Thomas Wright stated that at half-past eleven on the date named he left work to go for his dinner, the neat (produced) then being in the shed. When be returned at half-past one it was gone. He afterwards went with his father and gave information to the police.—P.4l Lee deposed to arresting the prisoner and going with him to his house for the coat.—Mary Leslie, wife of a shopkeeper, who resides in Mersev-street, Warrington. said that, at four o'clock on January 13thirhe prisoner came into the shop and efferel the coat for sale. She refusel to buy it.—The prisoner was sent to gaol for a month.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MONDAY.—Berore Mr J Oekleeton (in the cha(r). and Mr

W Timmins'.

TRANSFERS OF LicEzszs.—The Bench granted the follow- ing transfers.—The licence of the Nelson Inn from Samuel Hou;hton to Thomas Henry Warder ; that of the Lord Rodney from James It svenscroft to James Butterworth ; that of the Egerton Arrns,Brldgewater-street,from Elizabeth Waterworth to Samuel Houghton. 033 CENE LANGUAGE —Moses Whle, Loch-street. and William Sutton, Weston were fined be and costs or 14 days f3r using obscene language.—P.O. Wylie and Brett proved the cases.

BEGGING IN MERSEY-STREET.—George Robinson, a tram a. was sent to gaol for 14 days for begging.—P.C. Wilding proved the offence. SMART CAPTURE AT HALTON.—AIIgES McCready was brought up on a charge of stealing a cabman's coat.—Super- lutendent Bunion stated that P.C. Upton found the prisoner In Halton village. wearing the cabman's coat produced. He brought him to the Police qtation, and from inquiries which were made be ascertained that the coat had been stolen from Garston. A constable from Garston was present to r3ceive the prisoner into custody, and he asked for his discharge. The prisoner was accurilugly dlasharged, aad headed over to the Garston officer.

Scholars' Tea-meetings at Wycliffe. On Monday evening,the elder scholars of Wycliffe Sunday school enjoyed their annual tea meeting. IThere was an excellent attendance of scholars. The teachers of the various classes presided at the tables. Alter tea the entertainment (which was provided by the scholars and teachers) was thrown open to parents and friends. The Hey John Yonge (pastor) occupied the chair, and distributed the prizes for regular attendance, A very pretty con- tribution to the entertainment was a song and dance entitled "Pinafore," which was gracefully rendered by about a dozen little girls. The boys performed their part well in a dialogue entitled "Dr Spanker's School." Tole was an amusing sketch, for in less than ten minutes they had gone through a song, a dance, arid a pillow fight. An amusing stump speech was contributed by Mr Harry Hill. Miss Alice Be3wick cleverly recited " The way to heaven." Other recitations were given by same of the boys and girls. Miss Jennie krmstong sang "Only tired." Miss Annie Wallington ably accom- panied teiroughout the evening's proceedings. The programme wound up with a dialogue entitled " A nice quiet morning," which was undertaken by six young men. The sketch caused much merriment and was very well performed,—On Tuesday even- ing about 120 infant scholars had their tea. An entertainment was afterwards held at which the children sang and recitel. The Rev and Mrs Tonga presented their customary prizes to the best boy and girl. recinrs. Mr Turbytiell (of London) also gave an ex:ra priz 3. Books were givan to all boys and girls who recited and each child received an illuminated text card and au orange at the close of the proceedings.

General Sir G^orgo White, V.C., Cho Governer and Commander-in-Chief at Gibraltar. is returning to England next mouth (with Lady White) on a brief leave of absence.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

111 E EXAMINER FRIDAY, JANUARY 31 1902

and two tries (10 points); Oldham, one try (three points) Oldham pressed all through the second half, but could not penetrate the visitors' defence. Result :—Halifax, two goals and two tries (10 points) ; Oldham, eon try (thres points).

-LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETI-

TION.

SUMMARY OF RESULTS. G. T. P. G. T. P. Widnes

Mlllom 1 2 8 Radeline 1 0 2 Hull IC Rover..... :. 11_ 18 Morecambe _ _. .

8-t:Belen—s-: ... ............. 0 2 6 Birkenhead

RESULTS TO DATE. For. , Apt. P. W. L. D. (LT. P. G. T. P. P. Widnes 17-16... 1... 0...35 52-226...12 8— 42...32 Wigan l6-13... 3... 0...31 44-194...15 9 57...26 St Helens 17...11... 0... 0...26 29-139...18 17— 87 ..28 B arrow 17-10... 7... 0...32 28-148...17 13— 73...20 Hull K. Rovers 14... 9... 3...1...19 25-113...12 8— 48...20 *Stockport lB. 9... 7... 2...21 25-117...19 15— 83...18 Birkenhead: 19... 8... 9... 2...19 27-119...18 22-120-18 Millom 15.. 8... 6... 1...21 31 —135.. 17 16— 82...17 Rochdale hoots 15— 6... 7... 2...24 20-108... 9 15— 63...14 Lancaster 16 6... 9... 1...27 20-114...17 23-103...13 Moreoambe 16. 2...13... 1...11 16— 70...30 23-138 5 *Altrinoham l7. 1...15... 1... 4 2 14...46 74-314... 1 *Radcliffe 15... 1...14... 0... 5 7 31...46 76-320... 0 *Radcliffe, Altrinoham. ant Stockport have each had two points deducted for breach of rules.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
'At& arki viiwor".."lorav

THE NORTHERN UNION.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY UNION.

TEAM TO MEM DURHAM AND NORTHOSIMIRLAND.

A committee meeting of the above body was held on Tue day evening at the Spread Baglo Hotel, Manchester, Mr RCo tinge, Rochdale Hornets, in the chair. The following team was selected to represent Laneashirs against Durham and Northumberland at South Shields on February 5 neat:— L Thomas (Oldham), full-back; A Hogg and R Wilson (Broughton Rangers), T Bowker (Barrow). and J Fish (War- rington), three-quarter backs ; W James and S James (Broughton Rangers), half-backs) ; J Ferguson (Oldham). F Treweeke (Barrow), J Rhapps and P Tunney (Salford) J Evans (Swinton), G Whitehead (Bronghton Bangers), IS Heath (Salford), and J Harrison (it )chdale Hornets), for- wards.

Reserves : D Smith (Salford), fuli-back ; D Isherwood Warrington) centre three-quarter, alai Vernon Hampson ((Swinton), wing thres.quarter ; G Wilkinsoa (Oldham), W Briers (St Helens). and 9 Boardman (Leigh). forwards).

===== 0002601_19020131_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH V BURTONwOOD. (Warrington and District League.) At Runcorn on Saturday. A late start was made. Price commenced for Runcorn. The visitors pressed, but Hamil- ton saved when hard pressed. Burrows and Price transferred play to the visitors' half where Woods cleared. Robinson and Tinsley broke away, the ball finally going into touch. The Parish attacked strongly, C Burrows scoring a fine goal, Half-time Runcorn Parish, 1 goal , Burtonwood, nil. WREXHiId V NEWTON-LE-WILLOW, (Combination klatch). At Wrexham, on Saturday, the grcund being lightly covered with snow. Half-time : Wrexham, 2 ; Newton-le- Willows, 0. Final : iNrexharn, 7 ; Newtm, 0.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SINGULAR FAMILY DISPUTE. ---- A Sankey Farmer Sued in the County Court.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday week, before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands,K.C,an action was heard in which ,f,mirnt Millard, Peel-rose, Eccles, sued Matthew Pownall,farmer,Grear Sankey,for £l4 Is, the claim being made up as follows i—Money lent to defendant:3 wife, £ll 15 ; for services rendered to the defendant £1 ; board and lodgings in the 13Ie of Man whilst renderieg these services £1 63.-11 r McKeever, barrister (tusructed by 11,e55rs Walker D3an an! Com- eau), Manchester) appeared for the plaiatiff and defea- darn W•tel represented by Mr A Browne. Mr McKeever said the plaintiff was ,a widow and her daughter was the wife of the defe.adant who was a farmer in a very good p,sition, and in October last de- tendant's wife being in bad health she was sent to tha Isle of Man to recuperate accompanied by a little girl as a companion, and whilst Mrs Pownell was in the Isle of man, owing to the Demean Bank failure, a I large nu.nber of sAes were going on and Mrs Pownall purchased a quantity of articles. About October 10h, Mrs Pownall wrote to her mother asking her to send her £lO, as she wished to buy a necklace. Plaintiff wrote advising her not to buy it, and shortly after wards Mrs Pownall wrote another letter asking for a remittance, and in consequence plaintiff drew £lO from the bank and sent it to her daughter. Subsequently plaintiff went over to the Isle of Man and found her ' daughter was entirely without money. Ka° lent her £1 153, and eventually defendant came over and his wife continued to attend the sales. Mr Pawned now appeared to have suspected that his wife's mind was not as it oueht to be and a doctor having been consulted she was taken to Englaedland subsequently sent to an asylum. Mr Pownall instructed the plaintiff to remain at the Isle of Man and settle up certain bills. Plaintiff remained four days and she claimed from the defendant 53 a day for services ren- dered. It appeared that defendant's wife had pur- chased articles to the extent of £6O, including furniture and bedding and the necklace in vestion and these were sent to Mr Pownall who sold all except the neck- lace. Although £lO was sent Co Mrs Pownall to buy the necklace they believed she did not use the money f3r that purpose (having obtained the amount from some other source) but she bought other articles with it, which had been sent to the defendants. It was cmtended that the defendant, having taken possession of the property and sold it, was liable for the money lent for the purpose of purchasing it. The other item of the claim was £1 163, expenses incurred for board and lodging by the plaintiff alter defendant's departure from the Isle of Man when she was settling the bills. Plaintiff gave evidence bearing out this statement. Mr Browne submitted tnat he had no case to answer. No agency on the part of the defendant's wife had been shown or proved. When defendant sent his wife to the Isle of Man he gave her a blank cheque and £lO in cash. It was a deplorable case and had cost the defen- dant a large amount of money. Mrs Pownall had no need for the money lent by the plaintiff. At the sales she bought the most absurd things which when sold realized only £4. His Honour-said he could see no evidence of rati fica tion with regard to the first part of the claim. . _ .

Mr McK iever : Defendant admits he has received the necklace and has it still in_ his nossemion.

Mr Browne We have p +id £l3 for it since. Mr McKeever pointed out that no portion of the £lO was expended in purchasing the necklace. He under- stood it was admitted that the money was applied to the purchase of other things. Mr Browne : No. His Honour : That would not be ratification. There is no evidence that defendant authorized the purchase of the co-AA.

_ His Honour then gave judgment for the defendant in respect of the £lO. Dsaiing with the loan oi 15s Mr Browne submitted lb t Mrs Pownall had no need to aik for the money. Referring to the claim for services rendered and board and lodgings, Mr Browne said the plaintiff volunteered to remain at the Isle of Men and 83ttle the bills. His Honour gave ludgment for the defendant on the whole claim without costs.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
4b.

The following unsolicited letter has been received by the Proprietors of the New Mazawattee Cocoa :

ANNA. N, DUMFRIES.

January 14th. 1002.

Gelitlenten :

MAZAWATTEE COCOA.

" Some time ago you kindly sent me a sample of " your Cocoa, which I faithfully tried. As I " relished it very much I continued to obtain, it from, " your local agent here, Mr. Thomas Nelson, Pro- " vision Merchant. I find it not only a pleasant " beverage at all times, whether suffering from heat "or cold, hunger, or thirst, or fatigue. It enlivens " the spirits and stimulates the mental faculties " without the subsequent depression,and confusion " of ideas which are the invariable accompaniment " of stronger drinks, but it has a higher and " farther reaching quality than either of the fore- . " going, and this is my object in giving you this.. " spontaneous recommendation. It possesses in a. " remarkable degree, not merelyTfte power of allay- " ing thirst, but also of assuaging or quenching the " desire or craving for spirituous liquors. With- out experimenting on 'myself for any such, put.- " pose, I. became quite unconsciously indifferent to " the use or need of spirits in any of their stronger " forms. This experience has been corroborated by " patients' and others whom I have questioned OIL " the matter.. Whether other cocoas possess a. " similar inflame I know not, but the Mazawattec " Cocoa doss, most emphatically, and is far ahead • "of tea or coffee in this particular respect. Such a " beneficial quality cannot be too extensively known, "and as I shall continue to use and recommend it,you " are quite at liberty to make what use you please of " this unsolicited testimonial."

===== 0002601_19020131_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
(Signed) D. MACICENZTE,

M.B. 4: Surgeon,.

Profits of Gas Undertakings in Lancashire. From the accounts supplied to Government, and issued on Friday in official form some valuable in- formation has been collected relating to gas under- takings under the control of local authorities for the official year ended 31st March,`,l9ol,and also other authorized companies for the last financial year immediately preceding dite of order for return to be made August, 1901. The figures relating to Warrington, Widnes, and Wigan, are as follows : Warrington £72,029 and £64,600, interest 2i to 3i, net profit £409; Widnes £30,897 and £27,010, inter- -2t £3 and £3 Is 5d ; and Wigan £72,563, interest O. to 4- per cent, net profit £11,107.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

WARRING'ON SUCCUMB TO TaH CHAIVIPIONS.

The visit o!. Broughton Rangers to Warrington on Saturday aroused a lot ot interest and there would be fully 6.000 peJple present, though the weather was far from tempting. A lot of snow had fallen In the night and it took a gang of men all the morning to clear the ground of the encumbrance. By three o'clock it was At for play,though on:the soft side. Both teams bemoaned the absence of a couple of backs,Warrington being short of Isherwood and Allen whlie the Rangers came without W James and Hogg. The ;all teams were as follow Brought,n Rangers : Fielding, full beak Hampson, Wilson, Harry and Jackson. three-quarters ; S Janaes and Barrett, half backs ; Whitehead Woodhead, Winstanley, Dram, Trotter, Ruddick. Stead and Garritty, for wards. Warringtoa : ilallain. full back ; lsh. Ikloakenhall, Dickenson, and Harris, threequ ,rters ; Burgess and R Bate hell backs; Taylor, Morrison, Ti.irnondson, Boardman, J Swift, SY Swift, J Jolley and G Jolley, forwards.

.... - Referee, Mr S Williams, Ruddick started the game for the Rangers and W Swift failed to reply. Warrington were forged back and early penalised but Jackson failed .;;Jat goal. Wilson came away witbl a rush, but was grassed near the quarter flag. ant successive mulls by the Rangers' beaks caused them to b. forced on their line. only a minor, how- ever. being gained, tio sd passing by the visiting beaks was productive of much ground being gained, but Dickenson dribbled past Fieldiag, and suplemented this by a kick, and a follow up by W Swift almost ended in the Rangers' down- fall. Dickenson also had an unsuccessful drop at goal. Play cmtinued fairly interesting sad Sam James and Wilson to. getter almost eaused Warrington's downfall. Harris inter- rupting the latter's pass to Jackson, the game was fought keenly at midfield. Deliberate obstruction of Hallam by Oram oansed the Rangers to be penalised, and Fish, taking a abet at goal, only missed by a few inches. A dangerous dribble by the Ranger.' forwards was only stopped by Hookenhall on the line, and it looked certain that a score would follow, when Warrington got s elle( by a I peealty kiek. A mark in front of goal the next minute I looked ominous for Warrington. but Harry's kick went wide Dram Boon afterwards missed kicking another penalty goal. Little interest couurrei for some time, but at length dribble by Wilson almost penetrated the Warrington line, Harris grasping the ball under the goal-post. A touch-klok by Sam James caused a sorimrnage under the goal-post, but a fine dribbling run by Burgess gamuts i almost three-quarters the length of the field, but he was so badly hurt by doing so that he had to be oarried off the laid. Fish went half-back arid Morrison threo.quarter. Almost immediately alter restarting. Fish and ante got close to the line. Fish had two unsuccessful shots for goal. Half-time arrived with neither side having seored. , Swift re-started, and just now for a time Warrington were pressed on their line. Burgess pluckily resumed. A good dribble by Ho ikenhall brought the ball buck to °entre. but by good forward irru.k tne Hangers again sent Warrington back. Hallam eras tackled on his own goal lmne.anl a series of stiff scrimmages in a mast diaqui,ting position for War- ricgton. ended in Hampson suoring after a round of pass- ing. Orem failed at goal. A few minutes later Wilson dashed right through, and scored behind the posts Barrett kicked an easy goal. To ail to Warrington's mlsfertune, Burgess was ordered off the field. Fish filled the vacancy again, and twice saved his side by taakling Harry and Hemp- son when they looked like scoring. Warrington, for the first time this half, got a footing hi the Rangers' quarters, and as a result of a forward rush, J Swift grounded the ball over the line, Fighlicaing a goal. Final .—Broughton Rangers. 10 points ; Warrington, 5 points.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
HUNIBLIIT V. RUNCOBIL . -

----- _ At Hunslet, before about 5.0J0 spectators. Runeorn started. and ploy for a time ruled fairly even, till Hubslet, getting the ball at their toes, took play to the qu rter line. A Goldthorpe kicked a vai from a penalty. Flannagon essayed a shot at goal. but the ball went wide. Boon after Runcorn put two points up from a mark in a good position, This was followed up by a fine try by Moran, which was not improved upon. Goldthorpe kicked aanther penalty goal. Flail-time : -Runcorn, one goal and one try (five points) ; Hunslet, two goals (four points). Goldthorpe started the second half, and Huosiet attacked for a time but Runcorn kept them at bay. Hunslet had a chonee to scare, but failed, Runcorn getting relief with long kicks. Hunslet were now plAying a good game, but a °beck eame when Flanagan scored ea easy try, from which Moulton kicked a goal. With Only a few minutes to play Hunslet were awarded a try for obstruction, but Goldthorpe failed at goal. Walker scored a try for Runcorn, but Moulton failed at goal. Re9Ult :—Run- corn, two goals and three tries (13 points) ; Hunslet, two goals and one try (7 points).] SA.LFORD T. OLDHAM. _

This match was played Weaste before about 10,000 spectators. The opening stsges of the game were rather un- interesting. and it w.ns only after Bone had Ice red a capital try for Salford that the pine considerably 'reproved. Lawton made many fine openinze for Civil and Spottiswoode, but the home three-quarters tackled strongly and prevented them making much headway. At half-time tialford led by three points to nothing. Spottlswoole, early after the restart. I made two capital runs, but he was prevented from scoring I by being pushed into tonsil on the Salford line. Oldham then I attacked strongly. but they lost two splendid chances to score through falling to pass the ball properly at the last I moment. and gradually Salford worke i their way back to the Oldham quarter. Here Varty got the ball sad was brought down by Thomas, but a few minutes later the ball was again passed to him, and he scored an unimproved try for Salt med. F.nal score m Salfo:d. two tries (six points) ; Oldham, nothing.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HALIFAx Y. tINVISTON.

This match took place at Halifax before agooct attendance of spectators. B tb clubs were strongly rep-esented, and a wPII-centestad game was played which Halifax managed to win by th, narrow margin of two points. Valentine kicked off, and the Swinton backs quickly goi, golng,willi the result that Hampson got clear away, but when he reached the home Hoe he unfortunately slipped, and thus lost a certain try. Swinton, however, atbactied strongly, and Valentina made a good opening for Wailwork to score an unimproved try. Then the Halifax forwards rushed the ball to the Swinton quarter, wh,re a penalty kiak fell to them, and Little placed a capital goal for Halifax. At halftime the score was three points to two in favour of Swinton. Barly in the second half a mull by Valentine let in Halifax, who took the ball over the visitors' line. when Dal Davies man- ageA to avert disaster by touching down. The Swinton backs agal r got going and Cooper was pushed into:touah at the Halifax line,whilst Hampson was served in a similar ...tanner a few minutes later. A strong passing run between Jones. Morley, and Nicholl forced Swinton beak to their line, and the remainder of the game was chiefly fought out in the Swinton quarters. Morley scored two tries for Halifax In quiak succession, one of which Little improved, and Hemp. son and Evans added a goal and a try to Swinton's score,the game ending .-11alifax, two goals and two tries (10 points); Swinton, one gal and two tries (eight points).

===== 0002601_19020131_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
LEtria V HULL.

At Leigh, before 2.000 spectators. The heavy snowfall over night had made the ground soft and treacherous, and It wee impossible to play tire pa.sing game with anything like accuracy. Leigh adapted themselves very well to the die- agreeabte cuaditions. the forwards using their feet very effec- tively. and the backs cmss-kinking, to each other instead of passing,. Hull seemed completely at sea as to what game to aslopt. and were batten at al points Leigh, who lost Kight through being ordered off, won by one goal and three tries (11 points) to nothing.

BATLEY V BRIG/8017Sr: RCCOI.II9.

Snow covered the ground at Mount Pleasant, and the attendance was limitesi to 1,000. Result Brighouse Ran- two goals and one try (seven paints) ; Batley, one goal two points).

B n LDFORD I. _II UDDERSF MD.

At Bradford. before about 5,00 spectators. The Bradford team was s9mewhat weakened, Hutt and Hafzers playing for the county. Half way in the first half Mosby kicked a penalty, and Hoseitine scored a try for Bradford. Result : Bradford, five points ; Huddersfield, throe points,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM V. HALIFAX.

This match, postponed from December 21, Was played at Oldham, On Tuesday. Halifax brought their full strength, while the home team was disorganised in the back division by the absence of Lees and Civil, which rendered it necessary to bring in Brady at half book, and Dawson at centre. Thus both the Oldhsm centres, Moore and Dawson, late of Ponty- pridd were new players under Northern Union rules, and the result was that the two speedy wings. Buzzer end Spottlswoode, had no ettective support. Frater started for Oldham against a strong wind,and Rigg scored after a strong run from midfield in the first two minutes. Little adding a goal. The visitors kept up the attack, and Morley and Rigg enabled Joe Riley to add a second try. which Little again converted. thus placing th., visitors ten points ahead in the first quarter of an hour. From this point, however, ombam bad most of the game, and almost completely penned the visitors to their own half. Just before the interval Spottis- woode scored after a long sprint. Ferguson failing to kick a goal from agency position. Half-time :—Halifax, two goals.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFIRMARY BALL.

List of Guests.

At the Lion Hotel, Warrington,on Thursday,week tine annual ball in aid of the funds of the Warrington Infirmar) and Dispensary was held and the function was quite as successful as in previous years. About 180 guests were present, including a party from Appleton Hall. The scene in the ballroom was a brilliant one, the dresses of the ladies being exceedingly tasteful and picturesque. The duties of M.C's were carried out by members of the ball committee. Mr R H Pearson's band was in attendance and played a capital selection of music. The catering was in the capable kands of Mrs Gilbert. and gave every. satisf action.

_ , ...... Donations were received from the following .—Mr J Reed Walker, Mrs Stanton, Mrs W C Jones, Mr J M Edelsten, Mr H P Mortimer, Rear-Admirat Jones-Parry, Lord Gerard, Mrs Broadbent, Mr J Lamb, Mr F Staple- ton Bietherton and Mr J D Buckton.

- The follswing is a list of the ladies and gentlemen present . Armstrong, Dr Ainsworth, Mr G Agnew. Mr and Mrs 0 Leonard (Northwich) Appleton, Captain F M Atkin, Mr and Mrs WA Atkinson, Mr J Avery, Mr and tdr3 Nugent (Grappenhall)

Blain. Miss Brooke, Miss Langford Bonita's, Major Blackly, Mrs and Miss Bleakly, Mr If P Blackly, Mr A S Browne, Mrs Bardswell, Mr G Bullock, Mr Bower, Dr and Mrs Brabazon, Mr C P Baker, Mr Lloyd Baker, Mr Kingston Bond, Miss AM

Crom Hon. John Chorley, Mr and Mrs fbbson J Conon. Mr and Mrs John Campbell, Mr Canliff-, Mr NW Chandley, Mr 9 B Coghill, Mr and Mrs (Hartford)

Daniel', Mr Dakin, Mrs AT Dakin, Mr A V MALI°, Miss Rose M Davidson, Mr A Drew, Mr A

East, Mr Clayton Edge. Captain (Shirnal) Edelsten, Mr and Mrs J A Ford, Major Randle and Miss Fakelough, Mr and Mrs John Fairclough. Miss Fair°lough, Miss Dora Fairciough, Captain, J D Fairolough, Mr Harry Falcolough, Miss Margaret Fairclough, Mr Lionel Flower. Captain Fell, Mr L Fox, Dr and Mrs 13 11 Fox, Mr Arthur Fox, Miss Fox, Miss Constance

Grundy, Mr and Mrs T Grundy, Mrs Grundy, Miss Grundy, Miss H W Gough, Mr Hugh Gough, Mr Cyril Gray, Mr Orrell Gardner, Mr

Holmes a Court, the Hon Mn Hepherd, Mr and Mrs James Hansom, Mr

James, Miss Johnson, Miss Jolley, Mr Stewart

Kirkeonnel, Miss Kaye, Min K Lister

Lyon, ?Ara Lyon. Miss Lyon, Miss Floren Litton, Mimi Litton, Kiss G Litton, Miss J Mainwaring, Mr Meares, Mr 0 A Muntz, Mr 0 A Milling, Mr Frank Milling, Miss

Northcote, Lady Rossltrk Norris, Mr Holker _

Nelson, Mr and Mrs W

Oberadorft, Count Von Owen, Mrs W Owen, Mr and Mrs Segar Owen, Mr H Owen, Miss

Parr, Mn Parr, Mr R C Parr, Mies Parr. Miss Elinor Payne. Mr Powlea, Mr A B Plgot, Mr and Mrs Arthur Plgot, Mini Plgot. Mho Ma•jorie Pritchard. Miss Parker, Mr 0 S

Rylands, Mr Peter Ryland, Mr W Peter Reynolds, Mr and Mrs J Reynolds, Miss Reynolds, Miss Dorothy Reynolds. Miss Joan Rawlinson, Captain W R Roberts, Mrs Roberts, Mr Li Gordon Roberts, Miss Ridgway, Miss Ricluvay, Mr T Richards, Miss (Harrogate)

Synge, Major Sir Francis and SVCS L Bavile. Captain belby, Dr and Miss Smith, Dr Reginald and Mrs Simpson. Mr Sloane. Miss Sloane, Mies G Stevenson, Mr Sherwood, Mr A J

Talton, Miss Eva Talbot, Mrs Hervey (Aston Hall) Talbot. Miss Hervey (Aston Hall) Tborneycroft, Miss Ruth Toler, Mr F W Tillotson, Mr Lever (Bolton) Tillotson, Mr F (Bolton) Tillotson, Miss Ella (Bolton)

Vansittart, Mies Honor Verdin. Mr Et N H Verdin. Mns H

Willis. Rev Canon and Mrs Willis, Miss Cicely d'A' Willis, H R d'A Willis, Mrs (lialamead) Williamson, Mr and Mrs 1:3 Woolley, rd r Wilson, Mr Wyatt, Mr and Mrs A N Watson. Mr Whitfield, Mr IS L Whitley, Mrs and Miss (Stratton) Warren. Mr Leicester Wolfe, Mr A. H

.••••••11110...••••••• Concert in the Parish Room, Latchford. The annual scholars' concert and prize distribu- tion was held in the Parish Room, Latchford on Monday evening, when there was a crowded atten- dance, The Vicar, the Rev F A Sereeton, presided, and in his address said that the results in both de- partments of the school were better this year than last, and that the scheol had obtained an excellent merit grant. The school children were arranged at 1 the beck of the platform, and the various choruses were heartily sung. Solos were given by the Misses Lily Welsby, Annie Hamblett, Ann Green, and Gladys Hall, and Masters Harry Marsh, Arthur Holliday, Harold Bradbury, and George Ralph's. The prizes gained during the year were then dis- tributed by Mrs Fairclough to the successful scholars, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to her for her services. Part two of the programme consisted of the operetta " Cinderella and the Prince," the various characters being taken by the following :—Cinderella,Valerie Grindley ; fairy god 'mother, Nellie Davies ; Priscilla and Jane (Cinderella's sisters), Lily Walker and Emily Higham ; fairy queen, Lucy Monks. Prince (and disguised as soldier), Wilfred Clark • Baron (Cinde- rella's father), Ernest Banks; herald, John Hopkins The singing and acting was excellent throughout and reflected the greatest credit upon Miss Place and her staff of helpers.

During the hearing of a tradesman's claim for £lO against aworking man, at the Whitby County Court, Judge Raikes said he would like to see it made illegal for a tradesman to allow credit to a working man beyond the amount of his week's wage 6. The Tat gier correspondent of the " Morning Post," telegraphing yesterday, says have just received in- formation from Rabat to the effect that the Sultan has withdrawn his confidence in Sir Harry Maclean. The French Minister,l understand,will present to the Sultan a demand relating to the murder of two French Officers by the Beni-Moser tribe on the Algerian frontier,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
. . .-- i . , _ ~ . . • ~,....As-... " • • 7.74„.4;........." -•-",........" - -•

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. VvyclifFe P S.A. Society.

• Wycliffe oburch was filled with a large congregation on Sunday afternoon on the occasion of the "open meeting "in connection with the P.S.A. Society. Mr Thomas Bitchall, J.P., occupied the church and stated that be was very pleased to see so many present on such a day. He proceeded to speak on the virtue of " Earnestness " and advised his hearers to be earnest about something but to let that something be worth being earnest about. There was a general complaint just now of the sin of indifference; indifference in the church, in educational movements, temperance ques- tions, political organisations and every movement for the elevation of the people. There were people who could be earnest about amusements. He did not decry amusements but he felt there was a danger in over-doing them. It grieved hira to see so much enthusiasm for amnsements and yet there were so few who had any words of righteous indignation against the evils around them. There were young men who had passed through the Sunday schools who could get up an unlimited amount of enthusiasm for cricket and football and yet who could live in our crowded to wns where drunkenness and vice were rampant, where foulness of language and obscenity of every kind were almost becoming the common language of the people, without raising their voices against it. He urged his hearers not to be ashamed to promote a better and a brighter state of things.—Mr J W Reader, of Liverpool, brought greetings from the P.S.A. brotherhoods at Lisc,rd and Seaforth which were reciprocated. He afterwards proceeded to speak on " Sowing and Reap- ing," and by a number of illustrations he showed how men and women reaped bad results from ill-conduct in life. The Warrington Apollo Male Voice Choir con- tributed several glees in an accomplished manner under the conductorship of Mr T Brough. The choicest piece of the afternoon was the " 'The Chapel " or the vesper bell, which was given with commendable feeling and exisression. The service was also taken part in by Mr A Downes, Mr Healey and Mr B Farrar. A collection was taken on behalf of the ft:nris of the society.

PRUNOUNCZS INCURABLE.

A Remarkable Recovery from Rheumatism

Rheumatism and all other muscular pains cannot stand against Didd's Kidney Pills, no matter how hope- less they may seem, or of how long standing. The simple rcaion is they cure the kidneys. and when the kidneys are acting properly, the excess of uric acid in the blood, which seta up rheumatism, lumbago, sciatica, stone, anti gravel, cannot remain to cause this terrible mischief.

nits is not mere assertion. M,• Frank H. Rawlings is only one of hundreds of our witnesses. Living at Ford Water Cottage, Whixoe, near Halstead, in Essex, he states that he suffered from rheumatism as a lad. In October of last year it grew worse, and his arms were so swollen that the elbow bones could hardly be seen, the swelling extending te the finger tipe. He was not able to work, owing to the swelling and excruciating pain, and the doctor said ther3 was no cure for them. In December he corntaasnced to take Dodd's Kidney Pills, and since then the " swelling and pain have entirely disappeared. I have not lost a day't work since." Better still, he writes in August, 1901 :—" It is now seven months since I recovered, and as I have teen through my harvest, doing all kinds of work, I feel quite sure my cure is permanent. Mine was un- doubtedly a chronic and long-standicg case of rheu- matism, and as I was pronounced incurable by the dontor, I consider my recovery miraculous." A cure, not temporary relief, is what Dotid's Kidney Pills give, because they cure the kidneys. The Kidneys are the foundation of all health, and if the foundation is insecure, it is useless tinkering with the beildiag. We give you proof that Dadd's Kidney Pills will care, but we cannot make you try them. H you would save yourselves days and months of agony, you will try the sovereign kidney specifia at once. Dodd'a Kidney Pills are 2s 9 I per box, of all Chemist, or post free oa receipt of price from file Dodds Medicine 03., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BANK, LIMITED. The Manager's Retire.nent. A Handsome Gift. The thirty-seventh annual meeting of Parr's Banic.Limited,was held on Thursday last week at the Cannon-street Hotel, London,when Mr Cecil F Parr, chairman of directors, presided over a large gathering of shareholders. The directors present included Sir D ivid Gamble, Barr, C.B . Lord Farquhar, Mr E W Nix, Mr John Dun, and Mr A J Fraser.

The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the re- port and accounts, and toe declaration of a divi- dend of 19 per cent for the half-year, with a bonus of 1 per Cent, said that he would begin his remarks with an apology. It would be noticed in the re- port that the directors announced their intention in future to revert to the custom of paying the dividends half-yearly instead of quarterly. They had the courage some years back to inaugu- rate quarterly dividends, and they had now the courage to come and say that the innovation had proved a distinct inconvenience. The practice had always involved a considerable amount of clerical work, and, in addition, there were other objections. The next dividend after the one to be then declared would be payable in July. A branch of the bank had been opened at Llandudao, and shortly they ;mild open a sub-branch at west Kirby, which was a growing suburb of Birkenhead. As a rule, these smaller branches did not bring much grist to the mill, except after a good many years ; but their establish- ment was partly a protective measure. The board regarded them in a sense as a sort of blockhouse for the better securing of accounts within their sphere of work. He was sorry to say that death had been busy in their ranks, and during the six months passed they regretttd to have bit Mr Emil Heinemann, whose experience made him a most valuable director. They had also to regret the prema- ture death of Mr L Munroe, the assistant manager,who had already made his mark in the banking world. With the exception of the alteration in the board there was nothing in the report to distinguish it from its immedi- ate predecessors. Nevertheless, that meeting marked the close of a distant epoch in the history of Parr's Bank. He alluded to the retirement of his friend, Mr John Dun, from the post of general manager.a poet he had held for thirty-six years, indeed, ever since his (the chairman's) father turned his private bank into a limited company. Tnrough all these years Mr Dun had brought his ability and energy and his most capable mind to the further- aneo of the bank's welfare (applause.) He could not think what Parr's Bank would have been without him. But be (the chairman) did know, as many of the share- holders knew, what be had done for the bank—in fact, he had turned a small bank into a large one. (7,heers.) In confidence, he might tell them that Mr Dun had artistic tastes into the bargain. Unlike many strong men, he had al ways recognised that to invite co-opera- tion from his subordinates was a mark, not of weakness, but of strength, and accordingly, he gave thorn his actual confidence—in a word he not only worked by them and through them, but with them (Applause.) He had been a tower of strength to that bank, and his good-nature and urbanity never failed him, making it a pleasure to work with him, and be (the chairman) both personally and officially thanked him most warmly. He had devolved the management on the capable shoulders of Air R W Whafley. As an earnest of the Board's grati- tude, and to mark their sense of his services, they had voted him, in addition to the retiring allowance, a sum of £lO.OOO. (Applause). In his capacity as director, Mr Dun would continue to give them the bene- fit of his great knowledge of banking in general, and of Parr's Bank in particular (Hear, hear.) Turning to the report, the chairman said the various figures in it differed very slightly in their proportion from those in the balance sheet issued in July last. The deposits had more than well maintained the average over the past six months, and the money lodged showed an increase of £420,000 over that of the previous half-year. They held in cash and short money very nearly half of all their advances, loans and discounts, and held very • nearly one=hird of their liabilities to the public, There had been an increase of 1,281 in the number of accounts, so that they were still progressing. Their gross profits of 2318.000 were only £2,000 less than.a year ago, and only £l,OOO less than last July. When they considered the condition of the money market, it having been very unfavourable to bankers, the shareholders would see that the figures were very satisfactory. The bank was now in a sound and healchN condition, and needed no words from him to commend it to them. He cvncluded by moving the adoption of the report and accounts, and that a half-year' divi- dend be declared at the rate of 19 per cent per annum and a bonus of 1 per cent. Mr Edward WNix seconded the motion. The motion was then put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. On the motion of Me Nix, the following retiring directors were re-elected i—Mr Edward Banbury, Mr Alfred Crewdson, Sir J J Harwood, Mr Robert Neill,Mr James Tullock, and Mr A M Turner. Mr Lawrence moved;and Mr Coles seconded,a resolu- tion of thanks to Mr John Dun, the general manager, for his services extending over a period of thirty-six years' The resolution was married by acclamation. Mr Dun, whe was deeply moved, returned thanks ira a few words. He could not, he said, find words to acknowledge all the flattering remarks made concerning him. He had felt the weight of age, but he hoped for some years to come to be able to discharge the duties of director. (Applause). A vote of thanks to the assistant general manager and the other officials was neat received and passed, and a L suitable reply made to Mr Whalley.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal

At the annual meetingOTthe Liverpool Teachers' Section of the Incorporated Phonographic Society held at Liverpool on Saturday evening, Mr (4 J Brown, Warrington, was elected vice-cuairman for the ensuing year. At the meeting of the Council of the Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes, it was announced that the Warrington Town Council had appointed Mr C Madeley, librarian at the Museum, to act as an ex-iflicio member of the Council.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MIN 4.L ATHIIS.—Advt PING FONG, Latest society game. All prices. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street.—Advt.

Warrington Caledonian Association and " Burns's Nicht."

The members of this association held their annual " Burns's nicht" supper and concert last Friday night in the Patten Arms Hotel, Thera was a good muster of members. Mr James Mow°, president, occupied the chair, and was supported by Dr. Ferguson (vice-president), Mr Skinner, Mr T May. Mr Ewart, and Mr Lee (secretary.) After supper and the loyal, patriotic, and " Burns's immortal memory" toasts had been enthuiastically honoured, Mr Joseph Hunter opened the musical programme with the song, "There was a lad was born in Kyle." The prozramme throughout was a very enjoyable one, one of the principal features being the contributions, "Annie Laurie" and" Banks and Braes," given by the glee party, Messrs Aukland Davenport, Scattergood, and Whitehouse.

BEST BOOTS FoBALL.—UNDER THE CLOOK.—Advt ANTIQUE Wrougkt IRON and COPPER WA E. for wedding presents, ete,—Gstitsmo, Bridge St,—Advt.

Railway Staff Dinner at Latchford.

The staff employed at the Latchford Railway Station held their annual dinner at the Brook Inn, on Friday evening. An excellent repast was pro- vided by Mrs Starkey, after which the usual loyal toasts were duly honoured. The remainder of the evening W 39 spent in a very enjoyable manner,and at the cline Mr Vick-rs proposed a hearty vote of thanks tu the hostess, Mrs titarkey. Mr Clarke seconded, and the motion was unanimously carried.

SALE commencing Wednesia 0. neat. A grand opportunity for securing smart lllinorv. Jackets. Mantles Waterproofs, Dresses, Ac, An, at half price. See windows In Sankey Street and Legh Street. W T WILLIaNIB.—Adyt. Shepherdry in Warrington District.

The annual report of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds (Warrington District) has been prepared It is signed by John Haley, Pro CS. Joseph Williams, D Prov CS., James Parr,district treasurer and Peter Edgar, district secretary. They state that they are proud to notice that financially, the lodges without exception have had a most success- ful year. In many instances substantial sums have been added to the capital accounts. This certainly is vary encouraging and the officers earnestly hope that the experience of the past year may be continued. On summarising the accounts, they find that 57 new members have been admitted, while 66 have left and 12 died, leaving the present membership at 922 or a loss of 21. The district funds have reached the handsome figures of £514 lie sid,or a gain of £4l 168 Sid. The accumulated capital of the 010 lodges new ',stands at £4,622 6s 9d as against £4,363 16s 4id land when such respective sums are joined together there is a grand total of £5,136 lla 2id or a total gain of £30073 Id. During the year sick members have received the sum of £566 282 d and en account of death claims the sum of £l9O has been paii. It will be perceived, continues the report, that these latter items are exceedingly favourable when com- pared with the payments for the year 1900. The officers desire to thank thole F members who by their exertions and perseverance have been the means of obtaining 57 new members and also those who have assisted in other ways in promoting the welfare and sumps' of the lodges. They would like to see more of the younger members taking their fair share of responsibility. Members should not allow their enthusiasm for pastimes to over- shadow the duty they owe to the order.

OH! THHSIi RYES! How often have you said this to yourself? Scores of times. Well, don't despair, write to Dimon. 168, Oxford-street. Manchester. Eye Specialist. 27,000 cases cured. Full particulars Free. (10).—Advt. Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes An ordinary meeting of the Council of this Union was held on Tuesday, at the Memorial Hall, Man- chester, Mr R P Ward presiding. It was announced that the County Borough Council of Warrington had appointed Mr C Madeley to act as an ex-officio member of the Council. Mr E M Andrews, of Ramsbottom, was appointed as Assistant Secretary. A communication was received from the Earl of Crewe stating that it would give him pleasure to preside at the annual public meeting to be held at Crewe in the autumn. The Roman Catholic Pupil Teachers' Centre, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, was admitted into the • Union. The following centres were affiliated for the purposes ot the Travelling Library, namely :—Lostock Gralam Alkali Social Club, Moulton Board School, and Padiham Techni- cal Institute. nit. T Taylor, of Manchester and Bolton, was appointed to act as co-adjudicator in awarding prizes offered in industrial design.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
,h,04)

CIRCULATING LIBRARY

For the supply of the newest • and best books.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MONTHLY LIST OF NEW BOOKS, GRATIS.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.

FOR 'I VOL. FOR 3 VOL*. Six Months .... 6/- ... 12/- Twelve Monthslo/6 21/-

BOOKS EXCHANGED AS OFTEN AS DESIRED.

Subscriptions may bc transferred at any time from one branch to another.

THE OLDER BOOKS MAY PJE BORROWED AT ID. AND 20. PER WEEK, AND NEW BOOKS AT 19. PER DAY.

SOME NEW NOVELS. Am Bador's Adventure, The ........................ Allen Upward Anuel .............................. .. .. . ......................... .B. M. Croke Apmtlea of the South East The Frank Sullen Benefactress, The .

Author of " Elizabeth and her Gentian Garden Clementina ...... . .................................. ...... A. IL W., Meson Count Hannibal Stanley J. Weyrnan Fancy Free., ..................... ...................... Eden Phillpotts "Farewell Nikola" ....................................... Quy Boothby Firebrand, The ............................................. S. R. Crockett Annie It. Holdsworth Great Lowlands . of Jill, The lota " I'lliPPeninSig-.r Ric hard Calmady History of Lucas Malet In Spite of All Edna Lyall Light Frelßbts „ W. W. Jacobs Luke Dennefre 11,W. P. A. Sheehan r Fiances 11. Burns ids:kriientgta of a Marchioness, The P. arion Crawford Mark Strathmore's Renunciation .................Fannie Eden Mousme ......... Clive Holland New Canterbury Tales .............................Maurice. Hewlett, O'er Moor and Fen Joserth Hocking Redemption of Neil MaLean. The David Lyall Right of way Gilbert Parker Spindle and Plough .......................... Mrs Henry Dudeney Sportswoman's Love Letters, A Traitor'. way, The S. Levett Yeats Velvet Glove, The H. S. Merriman THESE BOOKS MAY BE BORROWED BY NON-SUBSCRIBERS AT A CHARGE Ok' ONE PENNY PER DAY.

GIRCULATIN LEARY. 5, BR. ST., WARRIIGT33 AN AMPLE SUPPLY OF DIE NEWEST BOOKS.

thp_Sfi IDGE

===== 0002601_19020131_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Assaults by armed officers on unarmed civilians are nommou enough in Austria,. says the " Morning u Vienna correspondent, but hitherto so far as 4 ean recollect onlv men and boys have been the victims the outrages. This morning an officer earned Desider Bererz.v had a 5 dispute with a woman at a suburban nation near Buda Perth, in the course of which he drew his sword, cle‘lt her four wounds on the head, and the °Mullin was conveyed to the hospital in a dylny condi- tirm. The offender was not arrested, but was simply liSked to RI ve his 1111211°.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Lord Roberts. replying to • correspondent, who sug- gested using corps of veterans for home defence, pays he is of opinion that svldiers who have served their country rnav now look t younger MAR to defend it. It is stated that £BOO was offered for a suite of offices occupying a prominent corner position in Ludgate Circus for the day of the coronation procession and declined. The offer came from a ci mem Atoßraoh company. A large pike has been landed by Mr B Levy. on Elwin- , em-road. Meaborough, from the Idle river. near to Park Drain. The fish, which is an excetdinply fine specimen, is 45 inches in length, 21 inches in girth, and weighs 261bs.

CoUGHS, COLDS. Rana as THEI OHXST. FLORTNESS or BREATH, PTILEG3I.—DR. LoCOCK'S PULSEnNIC WAFERS give immediate relief. and a rapid cure, nothing else gives such a sormd, refreshing night's rest. In Rheumatic and Net, vous complaints they act like a charm. To singers and Public speakers they are invaluable for clearing and streng- thening the voice. They have a pleasant taste. Is lad. 2. ed. 4s ad, and its per box. Sold by all methane vendors, Oeutlon.—The genuine Dr. Locock's medicine have the 'name in ths Government Stamp, and the Trade Mark (Dr. Locoon ") on the label.—Advt• (5). FLORILINE i—yo ,1 THE TEETH AND BREATH.— Thorongtly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, pravAnts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar Pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?.s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per Jar for the Flotillas "Powder" of all Chemists and Perfumers. Adrt VALUABLE DISZOVERY FOR THE riIIR,—Ii your hair is taming grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN Min yc n. RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we .1 as promoting the growth. Price ,35 6d per bottle.— Ad ot• To fdoxanna.—ilre. Wino Ipomew'irlfsleoloStno: mothers for their usedhud ref onr whileo ve fifty teething,years wbi with oy relieving the child from pain the r aorsufferer immediately- It PleasantßrUlt wPilhlatselibeeevne _ is to taste ; and produces natural collet sleep, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists Is lid per bottle. .Advt. CLARKE'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the baCk. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4e. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland; Counties DrugOompany Advt.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. places it before those whom you want to reaclaand goes direct to the Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you ettV'r Known among them, at a very small coet.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY JANUARY 31, 1902

===== 0002601_19020131_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
VEIL S Direct from Paris; Latest Novel- ties, 6d. 9d. and 1/- each. M I,DtME .VILDER, Broug liton Street, Beaton, Notts.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AVM

===== 0002601_19020131_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
jusE• COAdULINE •:- .1-RANS PARENT CEMENT, FOR ALL BROKEN ARTICLES.,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S ENGAGEMENT AND GEM RINGS.

THOUSANDS IN Brilliants, Emeralds, Puaris, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &c., of the Purest Quality,

At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free.

Lao):, ------ - & Rubies, 2S/- Brilliants, £l2 . !Os, THE WORLD. Us, :ron £5.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LVIZW4II7. .:;ti5115, - liLd 4r, %. 4

rls & Sapphires, 25/- Brilliants, £3. Iss. Pearls 7 STOCK OF RINGS IN

a,_ —Ants, LIS Brilliants, LIO. FINE GOLD CHAINS, Ladies' from 35/- Gents' from 60/-

Brilliant, 45/- Pear LiIaGES Brilliants. £7. 10s. Rubies and Brillian{

!3"e--,--- 1119;141

===== 0002601_19020131_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S "IMPERIAL PLATE" & CUTLERY

Equals SiNap, at Olfe Quarter the Cost.

TEA SETS, CRUETS, WAITERS, SPOONS, FORKS, and TABLE CUTLERY of the BEST QUALITIES. ]or fall details, prices, &c., see BEN 6 WATCHES from £2 to £.500. CLOCKS, 0-AG EI:ENT RINGS, BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL" AND SILVER PLATE, &a., (tc. Post free. •fg. NOTE.ORD" FORM andolllatritErttspoosrF;23E TIMES" SYSTEM th-W. BENSON, Ltd., 62 & 64, Ludgate Hill, London,

...AI:, ' '' . ' 4iii :,'' IC ' .:. 11711-I.IL ~'I P s 'z' illet,4l; 1 I F, 'SON'S BOOK OF

• CHAINS, ENGA

===== 0002601_19020131_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX..

*HEKHAIts -oltus

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIN CUARDS.

SPECIAL FOOTBALL BOOTS. The "GASIKICI b., Pliable. Ineuree

Jaen's. Thd "FORWARDd:

Chrome, 811 Postage, below 10/-, &I. extra.

FOOTBALL JERSEYS.

Plain. .

Colours, tin, or 2 In. stripes.

Chest S 4 6 _ 21- 2:2 214 211 203 2/0 8. Stout Thread ittlgby collars. White. 3;6; IS`, ber desireas

===== 0002601_19020131_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS.

All colours and combination of Colours. Men's. 21 & 29 Boys' 3d. less. Special designs quoted for. Flannelette—

Plain colout 1/1.1. Halves reverwd 91-, 2,9 3 & 4 in. stripea, 2/1. 29

Best All Wool. Plain colours or hair" reversed. 51. 715. 0 Postege on single shle -arogtie, Post Free. Orders over 10/- Carriage Paid (unless other-v.,

Write for 111

. 7.

•;:::-.14.11,1-.:4.0E, Ltd., 110L1301711q, LOWDONI.

.71

-,ooooocc

i ~ ~. it". -, 1.1 8 I i', ''

===== 0002601_19020131_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
... . 1 .1 -, DON'T COUCH USE ~ .: .., „ . 1.1 KEATING'S LOZENGES ..:, , . FOR YOUR COUP i-a Af . ANT DOCTOR Wl' • Is no better C,eurt relief: if you euEe. i but once: they tosl.. not Injure your he , sale of over 00 years , ..rtaLl test of ' , their value. Bold in ilia tuts. , i A • 4.1 : ' . ' •' . • '- ' ' . ..ark*Cf VS •

TELL Tor, "there ,Medicine—One gives . :rota cough try them ' cure, end they via Ith; en • -•

===== 0002601_19020131_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN

Why suffercfrom pains and misery caused bylliervouaness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send for mY book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOILACEI MEDICIN/A or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud goat* inteed genui " I cannot find words to express nsr Aanua.th am. I used to think I never would gas oure I- I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I 513061 d have saved many I nave carrt-d out your instructions, and am now per fectly Book sent sealed, post tree, for two stamps. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.O. Sendat once and be cured. 12:Years Continuous Summed

IDEAL WICKER TRUCKS for Confectioners ..A.— E seers Grocers, Drapers, ko. Best value ever tifered. Write ior List.--ETOYES AND Nola, "4.,," Leicester.

•

WILL BE GIVEN ON TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4Ta, BY THE RENOWNED PENRZYN CHOIR, AgitiTED Er THE NOLLOWITG ARTISTES: SOLO MANDOLINE : MISS LEONORt HOLLAND. SILVER MEDALIST. SOLO CONCERTINA : MR. T. R. FORD. ORAL R3fA.N : REV F. E. POWELL.

Doors Op;i7-a-t---7-30.. -a-mice-rt. at -87 .-H-arl-y- Doors for Ticket Holders at 745. inarissim.

FRONT BRATS (Body of Hill and Centre Gallery) 2s. SECOND SEATS (Side Gallery) Is. BACK BRATS (Back Gallery) 6d.

TYRES TYRES!! TYRES! ! ! DETACHABLE NON-DAPPING OUTRE COVERS FOR

DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade ; 11 s 61 each. goOld outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. /1 PO ILL AR D & INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PARR HALL WARRINGTON.-FIFT El ANNUAL GYMNASTIC? DISPLAY AND MISCELLANEOUS ENTERTAINMENT,ON MONDAY NEXT FEBRUARY 3. MR. NELSON JACKSON, THE POPULAR ENTERTAINER. GYMNASTICS AYD DRILL by Members of the Gymnasium.

MUSIOLL DRILL WINI-ABH3. BIC BOYS- PROM THE PBOTLR'S BOLLBGB. • TRAINED 137 SERGEANT MAJOR RAWLINSON WARRINGTON

VOLUNTEERS• 'FANCY DANCING BY PUPILS OFIMISS ETHEL BL'INIL3 Front Seats and Centre Gallery, Is. ; Side and Back Galleries, 61. ; Body of Hall (back seat.), 3d. Doors open at 7 o'clock, commence at 7.30.

- "LEA-FRANCIS," " ROYAL ENFIELD."

"TRIUMPH,"

-- -- •• SUNBEAM."

1902 Pattern.' Now ea View. Spring frames,Cross frames, and I' PeethPrweight CvciPs. Inspect our Ten Guinaa MaCtilnes (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheal, and two brakes. Lists free.

HITCHINGS, LIMITED,

. 74, BOLD WSW, AND 165, DUXI4 SMUT,

NEWTON-LE•WILLOWS CRICKET, BOWLING

AND TENNIS CLUB.

Annual Meeting,

; , .„ 'f • 'ina 44,-* • s, 4 -f ,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
anclals ifieb.

I

WANTED, good COOK for small family, near Warring- ton ; wages V.O to £2l ; good references required.— B. MC KENZIE, 2.5. Bold-street, Warrington.

ITOBSE TO BE LET.—Hill Top, Latchford. Three Sitting-rooms, seven bedrooms and a dressing-room, good garden and 3 acres of ground, good outhouses and stables with man's room.—kpyly by letter In first instance to Mrs, FluncTofiv, Hill Top, Latchford.

WANTED COOK-GBNERAL.—AppIy Dire Gm). INGAL ..' NIEL, Prospea: House, Crow Wood, Widnes.

WANTED GENBRAL about 20; clean, strong. willing and of good character.—Addresa full particulars 15 IRLAM ROAD. Sale, near Manchester.

.. VOR SL B Cbip, Flab, Tripe.and Ice cream Business; good -12 reasons for leaving.—Apply 21 TAYLOR ST Blackburn.

'WANTED, GINNEBAL, 18 to 20 ; no washing ; character required,—Bits. N. T. HARDING. 47, Buttermarket- street, Warrington.

FURBISHED APARTNINNTS or Board Lodgings for two or three young men.—Avply 17, LEGH-82REET. War- rington.

FISH and CHIP BUSINESSAin Morecambe ; big turnover all the year round; most prosperous undertaking good opportunity for young couple; a genuine bargain.— Price and full particulars, HOLL/ND, Springfield Chambers, Morecambe.

I

THE appearance of that unique little "Diary and Companion " issued by GRO. G. HUSSEY .14 CO , for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Sports Dea'ers, 1330 ksellers, or Railway Bookstalls for Sci ), reminds us of the coming season, in anticipation of which Geo. G. Hussey and Co. have prepared a" record" stock of Bats. We are told that the timber they hold for Bat making alone exceeds 1,070 tons. "Glorious Cricket follows the British Flag everywhere.' (1)

pARR HALL, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
A GRAND CONCERT

LIVBELPOOL.

dtiIIVAN.I2 tit itL.tr arat wor.c. —airs BilceALL. Derby drrns, Insklo. nesr Preston.

WIRA yr all 33 SliatiNaturing 13,111f1P115 FOR S low rant.—J. FAIRHURST, 17, Rothsay-road, Black- pool.

lI MPROVED INCAND H SSOHNT LIGTS t complete, 1 carriage rmid, 15. 3d. Guarantee 1& . 35 dozen. carriage paid —Brame, 44, William-street, Iles Platting. Agente Wanted.

pEOPLE'S COLLEG 4. BANK QUAY INFANTS SCHOOL, THEWLIi STREET, WARRINGTON. CHILDRViN'S ANNUAL CONCERT, MONDAY NEXT, FIIBRIJARY 3RD, __1902.

Doors Open at 6A5. Concert at 730. -..Vckets. Front seats Is. Back seats, 6d.

WANTED a good plain COOK.—Mrs OWEN, Newhol ma Latchford.

WANTBD at OFlce good stong GBISIBBAL about 18.-30 ALM]) ROAD, Birkenhead. WANTBD. etrorag GBNBRAL ; to sleep in.—TAm o SHANTER. Lendon-road. Liverpool,

WANTED GENERAL about 20.—Apply evenings or by letter, 15 Tut am-tioa.D. Sale. near Manchester.

USBFUL HBLP REQUIRED, must cook well.—MlS3 JoictsoN, Beech House School, Eccles, Manchester.

VV Apply PLAIN COOK, two in family; wages £2o. Mrs HUDSON, 19, Iriam-street, Warrington.

WANTED, immediately, strong, respectable GIRL, as General Servant,—Apply 24, SwINLEr-La:Fn.Wigan• WANTED Respectable GIRL, about 14 to assist in house and take children out. —l3, MERE-LANE, Stanley _

Park, Liv—irpo—ol:

ANDID at once, UOOll-(IISNaiIiAL ; wages £lB to £22; no washing.—Apply Miss linneost, 19, Iriam- Street, Warrington.

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT, good reference required.—Apply ils 1-I.3wrio, Powder Work 3, 4dling.near M Win

GRRRALS wANTING Good PLACHS write or come at once to Mrs RHODES, 39, Marshall Place, Cheetham, Manchester. Lodgings.

WANTED Experienced GENERAL, good wages to euit- able person, or a strong willing girl —Mrs GORTOX, Paddington, Warrington.

WANTED, WAITRESS, Immediately, excellent situation near Warrington ; wages £2O to £2s.—Miss HUDSON, 19, Irlam-Hreot, Warrington.

I

WANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS ; good situation In Warrington ; wages £lB to V2.—Apply Miss SUWON, 19, Warn-street, Warringtnn. -WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT; another girl kept ; good wages to trustworthy girl.—Apply Mrs. GREEN. 394, Moss-lane East, Manchester.

WANTED GBNBRAL SERVANT, not under 20; used to children. Must have good references.—Letters or PersohallY. Mrs CoSTEE, Wiiston, Present. IVANTED GENERAL for small family, good wages. Reply stating age, wages required and references.— C.. 21 Stoney Hey-road, New Brighton. Cheshire.

_ NVAN iED Or HNBRAL. Respectable GIRL, not over 20, in a Welsh family. Good home, Reference required.— Address MRS ROBERTS. a, Fell-street. Liverpool.

WANTHD, COOK and E1011813111&ID-*AITRESS, for mail family in Warringtoo ; good wages; references required.—Mn.JoiersoN,B Maroon-street, Warrington.

WANTED good PLAIN COOK, experienced and reliable, two in iarnily,muat undertake washing With another. References required.—Apply or write stating wages required. —BurrKrum, Toft-road, Krintsford.

GOVERNESS STUDENT REQUIRED, premm iu accord- In gto age and abilities.—Mlas JOH:I9ON. Beech House School, Eccles, Manchester.

WARTS') SITUATION as COACHHAN ; leavin through death 9 years In present situation • age ; married; 2 chikaren.—Apoly Mrraua ROLM), droby Ashton-underLyne. CRAZY PATCHWORK.-200 lovely pieces silk : Is. 3d. carriage paid. EABLS. Winterton-road, Scunthorpe, Lin- colnehire.

QW.IIRTHEAICrai Curious Letter. 9 Photographs of Female kJ Beauties, from life, and French Novelty, 2e fld—HT•ms, 135, Be'grave-road, Birmingham. _ NVIIITG TO-DAY for a bottle of Gold Ink to CORONATION GOLD INIC Ca., Chesterfield. Post free 7 stamps. 7,he most beautiful writing fluid in existence. Agents wanted.

LIVERY READER slaould have these receipes to make 121 French polish, brown, black, white; mahogany hard spirit varnish ; furniture reviver, furniture cream, makes old furniture shine like new. Genuine lot, IC—PEAR/3E, Polish, Dodd's-lane. Alnwlek,giforthumberlancl.

GRERSGROCRRY and FISH BUSINRSS for sale, cheao, other business cause of leaving.—APPlY 66 SILK- STREET, Salford.

GOOD CONVECTIONERY and MIXED BUSINESS splendid stand near large Works.--39431 Assrog OLD ROAD. Openshass. Manchester.

412ROCBRII and PROVISION SIIOP, In Holt-road, 1.3 Liverpool for sale; good position ; well titted.—APPlY JOHNSTON. 112 Kensington, Liverpool.

The annual general meeting of the members of this club was held at the Pied Bull Hotel, Newton, on Thurs- day evening. There was a large attendance. Mr R Stone J.P.. presided supported by Messrs J Simpson, W El Hindley, H R Eiindley aad J A Galloway, (secre- taries). The Chairman said as that was the first time they had met together since the opening of the new year, he took that opportunity of wishing the members in- dividually a prosperous new year, and collectively, as members of that club wish them success in the coining season, and that although test season both in cricket and bowling the club came out of it very well indeed, and had occasion to feel proud of what it did achieve, he hoped they would do better this season. (Hear, hear.) The Secretary then read the minutes of the last annual meeting which were confirmed. The balance sheet was read showing the total receipts, including a balance of £5 93 84 from 1900, to be £214 12s 104, and the expendidure £l9l 113, leaving a balance of £23 13 104. The patrons were re-elected. On the motion of Mr J Simpson, Mr R Stone was re- elected president of the club. Mr Stone said he was very much obliged to them for electing him for another year as president of their club. He was afraid he made a very inefficient president but at any rate he had the welfare of the club at heart, and if they were willing Co put up with that inefficiency ' which he was conscious of, be was willing to take the AffiCe and the honour they did him, for another year. (Hear, hear.) Th;Vice-Presidents were re-appointed. Mr W Hindley was re-appointed Hon Treasurer on the motion of the Chairman, who said that the Newton Cricket Club owed very great deal to him in the past, and they all looked forward to the success of the club in the years to come with Mr Hindley as its treasurer. He coc.ld not help feeling that in all clubs the officers who take a leading part in its management were open at times to criticism, but with all that criticism he could not help thinking that the members of the Newton Club felt in their hearts that they were very glad they had Mr Hindley as their treas rer. (Hear, hear.) Mr J A Galloway was re-appointed bowling secre- tary. Mr fl R Hindley last season's cricket secretazy,reti from the position, and Mr Thomas Williams was appointed in his place. Mr W Hindley was re-appointed cricket captain, and Mr James Sweetlove was appointed captain of the second team.

Messrs Bodmer, T Pairclough, G McCormick and El Ho'croft were appointed bowling members. A motion by Mr W H Parks that the committee con- sist et 16 members was defeated, the amendment ny Mr T Fairclough that the committee consibt of 12 as heretofore being easily carried. Tte following were appointed the Committee of Management Messrs J Croutchley (sen), T Wilkinson, R Chandley,tl Hill, J Lennox, J W Croutchley, R Carson, H R Hindley, R Wilkinson, J Rimmer, T Rudd and T Boardman. Meisrs T Mayor and E Leyland were re-elected auaitors.

It was decided to join the Lancashire and Cheshire, and Newton Division Bowling Associations. Mr J. A. Galloway was appointed representative to the Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association, and Messrs T Fairclough and J 1/7 Croutehley were appointe delegates to that and the Newton Division Bowling Associations.

Mr F. Hutchins was apoointnd groundsmin.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION'S RAVAGES. Bile Beans a Certain Remedy.

The Opinion of a Great Physician.

That celebrated physician, the late Sir Andrew Clark, expressed the firm 'opinion that constipation was the cause of one half of the ailments from which women and girls suffer. It fills the blood with impurities, robs the system of energy, causes piles, headache, biliousness, skin eruptions and a host of other disorders. For these disorders and for their root cause (constipation) Chas., Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness are unequalled. Mrs S Williams, of Lonhope, Gloucester, has proved this. " For fully twenty %ears " she.said to a " Dean Forest Mercury Reporter,"l was a martyr to constipa- tion. It brought on piles, and biliousness, robbed me of appetite and energy, and made my life a burden to me. Many a weary day have I spent weighed down with a feeling of tatter wretchedness and not caring whether I lived or died. Doctors ? Yes, I tried several but no amount of doctoring seemed capable of affording me the slightest relief ; and by degrees I grew weaker and wearier. I also Buffered periodically from erysipelas. A few months ago I saw some striking testimony in a Birmingham paper to the success of Chas. Farde'a Bile Beans in cases of piles and constipation. So I deter- mined to give them a fair trial. Soon after beginning the course I felt a change. I became brighter, and as I persevered, with the Beans the distressing symptoms front which I had suffered so long began to leave me.My appetite improved, and my bowels were corrected and strengthened. I ceased to be troubled with constipa• tin, and what late no -Monger made me bilious. The erysipelas, too, disappeared completely, and I have had no further trouble from that complaint. Now, after a thorough course of the Beans, I feel stronger, more vigorous, and in better health generally than I have felt for many years. Thanks alone to Chao. Fords's Bile Bans, life for me has been made once more worth living." Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness are unequalled for constipation, piles, billow; attacks, and all disorders arising from impaired digevtion and defective bile flow. nervousness, dizziness, palpitation, pimples, skin erup- tions, liver and kidney ailments, backache, chest pains. aommia colds, chills, rheumatism and all female ail- ments. Sold by all chemists, or post free, from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., 119 and 120, London Wall, London, EC.. for price 15. lid. or 2s. 91. (2s. 91. box contains 3 times is. lid: box). Bile Beans are sold only in sealed boxes ; never loose.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE AT EARLESTOWN. Insect Life.

ired I

The first of the fcourse of lectures promoted by the Newton-in-Mal' edeld Lectures Committee,was delivered in the Town Hall, Earlestown on Wednesday evening by Professor E Enock. F.L.S., F.E.Sc., on "Wonders and Romance of Insect Life." Mr W Collingwood pre- sided, and the Hall was crowde dwith an interested audience. The Chairman said this was the commence- ment of the sixth season's lectures. There were six to be delivered this season, two of which, as they would notice were upon Electricity, and he had been asked by the Secretary to draw their special attention to that, and to say that the Committee hoped many of them would follow up those lectures by a course of instruction which the Committee hoped would be inaugurated after- wards.

The Lecturer said, as they, knew, his lecture was en- titled "Wonders and romance of insect life." The wonders and romance in the life history of a single insect were so great and so many, it would be an im- possibility for him to speak of many insects. He might give them the names of two or three hundreds,theLatin names. It was the general rule with eatomologists to make large collections of insects,a number of specimens, that was the aim. Very few entomologists, however, knew much about the life history of the insects they had collected. If they did not know much about the life history of an insect, they frequently made it up. Some time ago a prize was offered in the United States for the best life history of a Hessian fly, which was the greatest pest in the United States. It was a very difficult thir,g, to find out all about the life history of an insect. Re (the lecturer) had worked out the life history of the British trap door spiclor, which took him nearly 20 years to complete, but be had not yet been able to discover the age of the female. The first insect which he would speak of was the blight, the green fly. They were everywhere, he did not know a single tree or shrub,but what they could find a greenfly upon,and th y increased at an immense rate. The family of a pair or green flies would ontweight the population of China. Some people called insects dirty nasty creature., but that was a gross libel, as in the course of his 50 years' experience he had never seen a dirty insect. An enemy of the green fly was the wasp fly, whoge eggs were laid on the leaves of the trees, and when they were hatched a maggot appeared of which there were 31 species in England. The lantern was used from this stage, and some excellent illustrations were thrown upon the screen, the lecturer dilating at some length upon each. The illustrations included the wasp, or hovering fly, " Lace wing fly" which was also a foe to the green fly, the " Black currant gall mite," the greatest pest we have in Great Britain. the 1. Saw f1y."... The devil's coach horse beetle," " The fairy fly," " The battle-door wing fly," dcc. The descriptions were most interesting, but the lecturer asserted that the American Government were at least 100 years ahead of us in their knowledge of insect life. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was moved by Dr Latham, and seconded by Mr G Goff, and heartily I accorded.

The lecturer said he was obliged for the vote of thanks. It was always a great privilege to him to speak of the wonderful works of the Creator. We knew so vlry little abut them, and life was not long enough to allow of a proper study being made. The common house fly's history had never yet been published. He knew something about it but he did not know it entirely. He conelLded by moving a vote of thanks to the chair- man, and he would like to give his very hearty thanks to the lanternimt (Mr Graham) for the manner in which be bad shown the slides. He had never had them shown better, and be wag a very particular man, but be must say he had never had them brought out so sharp as on that occasion. Both votes were duly carried.

Saturday's match at Warrington resulted unmistak- ably in victory for the better team. The Rangers out- played Warrington in every department, but more particularly in the scrimmages. Here they got the ball three times out of four and it was only the fine defence of the home backs that kept the score down. The Warrington forwards deserve, individually and collec- tively, kicking. They made a disgracefullyipoor show on Saturday, and seemed able neither to push in the pack nor run in the open. Once upon a tittle their following-up was a feature but now they seem totally unable to get under the ball place it where you will. The fault is as much with the committee as with the players. If they had only secured a couple of smart now forwards they would have held the whip-hand of the present eight who do not 'see any necessity to play for their places.' Last season Edmondson and Fell effected the desired reformation •, and Oram and Trotter I have done the same for Broughton whose forwards just now will want some beating. Warrington's efforts to find new blood this season have failed miserably, and whatever the difficulties may be absolute failure takes a lot of excusing. •

--- The officials are entitled to credit for one thing, and that is their smartness in getting the ground cleared of Saturday's fall of snow. By 3 p.m. the playing portion was absolutely free from the encumbrance and with the exception of a soft patch in the centre was in fair condition. The "going "was heavy, certainly, but it was the same for both sides, and only one side showed leg-weariness—that was the losing side. Everything considered the game was an excellent one, for the Rangers played bright, open football, and kept things on the move. Though W James and Hogg were absentees the difference was not very apparent, while Warrington sorely missed Isherwood and Allen. There was plenty of good back play and it was this which won the game, Wilson and Hampson getting both the Rangers tries. On the home side Fish had few oppor- tunities, which is usually the case when Isherwood is absent.

" Bob " Wilson was the best man on the field, and his dashing unselfish centre play excited general ad- miration. He is a well-built fellow and takes a lot of stopping when in his stride, as the home team found out when he ran through them and scored behind the posts. With Hogg and W James on the Rangers score would probably have been larger, for Hampson was only moderate on the right wing, while the other three- quarters, Harry and Jackson were poor. The" big'un" is nothing like the footballer he once was. S. James played a grand game at half back and was well sup- ported by Barratt, who has plenty of football in him yet, notwithstanding his 36 years. Fielding was very safe at full back,though he does not strike the observer as being brilliant.

-- On the home side. Hallam, Fish, Burgess and Morrison were the only men who played up to form, the others being moderate. Burgess did splendid work while he was on the field, and the same can be said of Fish when he filled the vacancy. It Bate is too slow at passing for class football, and never makes headway himself.

Broughton Rangers are undoubtedly a 'fine teani,with no weak places, which is the reason they are so well ahead of all competitors this season. There are other fine teams, but they have a soft spot in their armour. Oldham are rocky at three-quarter; Bradford at half; Swinton at full back ; Salford at three-quarter; and Warrington in a few places. The Rangers are strong all round, even with a man or two off, though there is room for improvement at three-quarter. The •left wing is never as good as the right, and another man of Wilson's class would make all the difference.

Swinton got a shock at flalifax on Saturday, and went down very unexpectedly. One wonders, but it is the smart and energetic forward play of the blue and whites which is doing the damage. Oldham went down before Salford, while Runcorn gave evidence of improvement by winning handsomely at Hunslet. Leigh walloped Hull, and the scribes of the colliery town are now screaming with delight. They have a reputation for screaming to keep up, and don't you forget it.

On Wednesday Halifax showed how rapidly they are on the improve by winning at Oldham, the score in their favour being 10 points to 3 points. These fre- quent defeats must make the folk at Watersheddings rather glum.

The Northern League table up to date is as follows Poe Aimlnst.

P WL D ... D T PTB ... (4 T P prg. Broughton Rangers 21 —lB 2 1...37 59-242...18 17— 87...37 .-1 winton l9 ...12 7 0...21 41-185_19 14— 73...22 Bradford Hull Runcorn "Salrord ' l9 ...10 7 2...23 0---136...3 9 24 99...20 Halifax l9 ... 9 8 9...2: 24-116...24 31-141...20 Oldham *Warrington Huddersfield Leigh •Runslet Batley ...,d..... Brighouse Rangers 20 ... 2 17 1...179-61...42 60-261... 5 •3alrord. Swinton. Warrington, and Honilet hive each had two points deduct,.d for breech of the rules. Morrison was among the injured last Saturday, for he sustained a blow on the nose which broke a small bone. He will consequently be missing from the team for a week or two.

--,-

Warrington will certainly have another stiff task to-day, for Salford have been playing well lately and may be relied upon to try and add another to their rare victories on Warrington soil. .The forwards and half backs have been giving a particularly good account of themselves, and in this department may have the pull over Warrington. At three-quarter we ought to hold our own comfortably, and, anyhow, Warrington must win, or the position of last of the Lancashire clubs will certainly be ours.

Warr4ngton should be well represented, for the men who have been in trouble with the referee do not come before the League Committee until Tuesday and are so far eligible for play. The selected fifteen is as follows: Hallam, full-back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, throequarters ; Burgess and Duckworth, half- backs; Fell, Edmondson, J Jolley, J Swift, W Swift, W Ashton, J Taylor and'A Boardman, forwards. Fell and Isherwood have both recovered from injured knees,but Allen is still under medical supervision with injured ribs.

-- The first of February has arrived, and with it the last chance of registering new players for the cupties dis- appears. Warrington will therefore have to depend entirely upon existing talent and the capability of that for taking the team far into the cup tourney is doubtful, especially if two or three of the men get string up. Somehow one cannot feel altogether satis- fied that all has been done that might have been done in the way of strengthening the team. I still think if it was possible to get a couple of forwards last season it is still possible, and they ought to have been had for love or money. Anyone could see how badly they were required last Saturday.

'The "A " team had a fru'liTtt jour_neg e.n_S_aturday:,

for on arrival at Broughtori they found the ground snow-covered and unfit for play. A prompt return home enabled them to reach Warrington in time for the match at Wilderspool. The Warrington officials are' naturally aggrieved by the inconsiderateness of that Broughtonians and an effort will be made to recover expenses,

To-day the "A " team will probably get a drubbing at Salford. but with the strong team selected they should make a fair show. The chosen are as follows; Knight, full back ; Clare, Hockenhall, Ratcliffe and Jones, threequarters ; Bate and Townson. half-backs : Jolley, Eden, Cunningham, Pemberton, Anders, Antro- bus, Aldred and Foster, forwards.

LOCAL TEA MEETINGr' • - - - THE NEW VICAR OF ST PAUL'S WELCOMED. Additional interest was lent to the proceedings at the annual congregational tea party and entertainment in connection withSt Paul's Church, 'which was held in the Pare Hall on Monday evening, by the fact that the vicar-eleet (Rev W Bracecenip) was 'introduced to the congregation and delivered his first speech to his future parishioners. The event was attended with complete SUCCESS, about 450 members of the coagregation and friends sitting down to a capital tea. An enjoyable en. tertainment followed, Alderman Sutton occupying the chair.

rhe CiLSIRMAN, after referring to the great progress which had been made in the work ot the Church dur- ing the pest twenty cie thirty years, said the secret of the improvements was that during the period named they had bad three most energetic vicars, who had been indefatigable in their efforts to benefit and improve tee parish in every way. Although they had only had their present Vicar with them for three years he had already done much good in the parish, and had sueceeded in gaining the good esteem of every- one in Warrington. Of the many very good things which Mr Tarbuck had done for the parish one of the most useful and beneficial undertakings he had started was the provision of an endowment feed, which he (the Chairman) was sure they would all agree was very much needed. The living of St Paul's was very small and in- sufficient for the requirements of the Vicar,who, in such a populous parisb,was called upon to contribute so much out of his own pocket every year for charitable pur- poses. The fund 90 far had been very successful and he hoped it would continue to be so. Their Vicar and his good wife were about to leave them and they would all regret their departure very much. They would,however, console themselves with the fact that their less would be Altriochane's gain, When the time for the departure of Mr and Mrs Tarbuck came they would wish them " God-speed." and more happiness and prosperity in the future. (Applause). Mr. CERMET (people's warden) in alluding to the progress of the put year, said the amount received from pew rents was the largest since the church had teen re-seated. Referring to the forthcoming departure of Mr and Mrs Tarbuck, he said they had done a vast amount of work during the three years they had been in the parish, and he' was sure it was appreciated by the congregation. (Hear. hear.) They had to welcome the new Vicar and Mrs Bracecamp. (Applause.) He congratulated Mr Bracecamp upon his appointment. Mr Tarbuck was a hard man to follow, but if Mr Brace- camp continued the work which had beers started the congregation would back him up. (Applause.) Mr J. H. SNETHugST said he was delighted to know that a record had been established in the matter of the church collections this year, as up to Sunday the gross receipts came to £317 143 11d, compared with £309 17s ed the previous year. (Applause). The sum of £3OO had been raised for the endowment fund, and that had been met'by an equal grant of £3OO by the Ecclesias- tical Commissioners,with the result that the endowment had been raieed by £lB per annum. Continuing Mr Smethurst paid a tribute to the work of the late Mr William Chantry who succeeded him in the office of Vicar's warden. Referring to the approaching departure of the Vicar the speaker said they could not have Lad a better Vicar than Mr 'Fatback. Whilst regretting the departure ofs Dar Tarbuck they sincerely welcomed Mr Bracecamp to the parish. So far as he (the speaker) was concerned he should he quite willing to help their new Vicar as much as he could. They would no doubt have the ser- vices carried on in the same way and if Mr Bracecamp followed in the footsteps of his predecessor, St. Paul's would no doubt continue to fleariele. (Applause). The Rev. E. R. TARBUCX, who had a cordial recep- tion, said be thought when be was preaching to them on Sunday night whether be could ever live amongst such kindly hearted and enthusiastically loyal people again. It had been a great privilege to him, and it bad helped him very greatly in his spiritual life to be so loyally and readily supported in his work. He had every confidence that everyone of them, whether it be Vicar's warden or right through the list of officers to the smallest choir boy, would be as kiud to their new Vicar asithey had been to him. Mr. Bracecamp 'had for about 14 years been a professionel worker in the Church of England ; the work had been of a responsible and intricate character, and he was quite sure from his own observation that be would be a suitable successor at St Paul's. (Applause.) Mr Bracecamp did not desire that any change of any kind should be made, as for as he could possibly promise that at present, and carry it out in the future, either at the church, or in connection with the varied organizations of the parish . There would be no change except in the Vicar and, per- haps, in the improvement of various institutions already in existence. He hoped his work would be as happy as his (Mr. Tarbuck's) had been. The Rev. W figACECASIP, who had a splendid recep- tion said that little did be think when he Ws, working in the next perish that be would ever 135 asked to ap- pear in the position in which bet found himself that evening. When he and Mrs Bracecamp packed up a short time ago they thought they were saying " good- bye "to Warrington, but it was while be was on his way to York to be licensed to the curacy at Sheffield that he got the news that Mr Tarbuck was leavine his parish and that he was intormed that his name was before the congrega- tion of St Paul's. He felt very much upset, of course. and didn't know what to do, and when the offer of the living came he felt that it was a direct call from God. Working men, some working men at any rate, did' not like to hear a parson talking about a "a call from God," because they said that when a parson was " called " he got more money. But with him it was not a case of Ratting more money by coming to St. Paul's, but that he regarded it as a direct call from God, as he happened. to be in as good a position at Sheffield so far as money matters were con- cerned. However, having aceepted the living, he was prepared to do his duty, and no Eegliebrnen could do more. (Appleuee). Re knew he had 'a difficult man to follow, but if they would stand by him the work would be easy. United they would stand; divided they would fell- l&Pplauee). Therefore let them try to take Mr Tarbuck as their pattern, follow in his footsteps, and they would work together well and harmoniously. (Applause). A vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chair- man a most interesting and varied entertainment was submitted. Part songs were given in excellent style by the chcir and the members of St Faul's Ladies' Orchestra delighted the audience with a number of selections which were played in a highly creditable manner. A couple of humorous sketches were contributed by Mr Clifford Knowles, who scored a great success, being encore several times in succession. Mr F Scattergood sang "Genevieve" in such a pleasing manner as to gain a recall. A pretty Scotch dance was cleverly executed by eeveral pupils of Miss Sinks and the item so pleased the audience that a repetition was demanded. The con- cluding item of the programme was a laughable farce entitled" Captain Smith," the characters being sUS- tsined by the following :—Sir Charles Chatterton, Mr H B Houghton ; Captain Smith, Mr A H Burgess ; Fido, Mr It G S Finney ; Mrs Clapperclaw, Miss D Reid ; Mies Stella Smi`h, Miss Greenhough ; Arabella. Miss K Wain- wright ; Dolly, MiFS a Houghton. Mr JCoxon was an efficient stage manager. The artistes acquitted them- selves admirably and the performance was thoroughly enj4yed. On Tuesday evening a successful dance was held in the same building, the music being supplied by Mr Andertonre band.

Lahcashire ,Hussars for the War. On Saturday the Lancashire Hussars contributed the third draft in a few days time to the 32nd Company. Imperial Yeomany. The names of the Newton and Earle.town men are Privates J Jones. E Dow,JOoghan. •W T Offitha, E Jones, A Cunuffe, W W Davidson, J E Davies and W A Jones. Five others went from Ashton- in.Makereeld and 7 from Ormskirk, 21 in all. In the nast three weeks the Hussars:have forwarded nearly a hundred men to Aldershot for the necessary training.

GOOD TEMPLARS'% The Hope of Earlestown Lodge weekly raesting was held in the Co-operative Hall,,Wargrave-road, on Monday evenhig, Bro Cntler, CT, presiding, when two candidates were initiated and two re-admitted to member6hip. Bro Woods, LD, read a number of communications from the District Secretary, and the Visiting Committee gave a very encouraging report.—Bro Cutler presented the report of the Entertainment Committee, and handed over a good balance to the Treasurer, a vote of thanks being accorded to the Committee. Arrangements were completed for the visit to the Wesley Hall Lodge, and several members applied for their District Lodge degree. A programme of short readings was arranged by Bro Newman, short readings being given by Bros Woods, •Williams and Newman. The,Lodge was closed in the usual manner by Bro Cutler, c T. 20,T11E PROPOED EXTENSION OF Sr. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLESTOWN. A meeting of Churchmen was bald in the vestry of St John's Church, on Thursday evening for the purpose of taking into consideration the question of providing funds for the completion of St John's Church by the erection of a tower. The vicar (Rev T R Matthews) presided, and there were present Rev J C Matthews, Messrs T Molyneux, J Foden, Joseph Rylance, S Dalby, G Dale, Wild, Hackett Clough, Martindale, Boardman, Dean, Jones Pimblett, Mouncey, Monks and Findlay. The Chairman after explaining why they were ,brought together called upon Dr Mouncey to move a resolu- tion. Dr Mouncey saidithat'during the five years that had elapsed since the old committee last met several of the members had departed from the church, or, in other words were dead so far as church work was concerned, whilst others had been removed to higher spheres, lie therefore moved that taking these circumstances into account, a town's meeting should be held at a date to be fixed he thought about the last week in Lent would be the most convenient time, in a suitable place, pre- sumably the Town Hall. The reason he mentioned it as a town's meeting, was that he did not think it should be confined to St John's Church alone. No doubt there were several members of other churches in the district who would be willing to help them, if they were given an opportunity. He thought it would be a very good plan to ask all the influential men of the district to attend that, meeting, and they might ask Colonel Pilkington M.P. to take the chair. Mr Pimblett seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A small committee consisting of the Rev J C Matthews, Dr C Mouncey, Mr Boardman and Mr T Martindale were afterwards appointed to make all 'arrangements for the town's meeting and also to appoint the several officers necessary to carry the work on. The chairman stated in answer to a question that the amount in band in connection with the Church completion was about £154. The question of bazaars, sports, May Quesn &c, for increasing the funds was left in the bands of the General Meeting to be held.

EARLESTOWN DISTRICT SCHOOL. On Monday evening the junior scholars of the mixed department of the district; school gave an entertainment in the schoolroom before a crowded audience. The bill of fare consisted of a kinders- piel by the juniors,and miscellaneous items by the senior scholars. The kinderspiel was entitled "Queen Revel" and was given in a really excellent manner reflecting not only the greatest credit upon the teachers, and Mrs Brown headmistress and Mr Brown (master) but upon the children who proved themselves exceedingly apt pupils The characters represented included " Humpty Dumpty," " Red Riding flood " Wolf" " Fairies " " Mother Hubbard," "Imps" " Jack and Jill,"" Darby and Joan " "Rats Messenger,' Children in Games," and Queen Revel." The dresses of the youngsters were quite in accordance with the characters they repre- sented, andthey each sang or recited the old time nursery rhymes. Their representation was enthu elastically received and rapturously applauded The second pare comprised rui.cellaneous items, th chorus of 51 boys and girls singing the items put down to them in a capital manner, excellent time , and tune being kept. Sixteen boys trained by Mr ' Moss,who has recently returned from South Africa, 11 gave a clever exposition of military drill and they , performed the different evolutions like a machine ! Six boys sang the coon song " Niggers I Serenade,' in such a manner as to call forth a persisteut encore. They earned a similar compliment for the coon song Uncle Snow," and it is only fair to say that they richly deserved the compliment. An old English dance by eight boys and an equal numberof girls was so well done that a repetition was demanded. A. drill by six girls was excellently carried out. The solos " Way down the Swanee River," sung by one of the niggers, and the chorus, was swingingly taken up. During an interval the Rev T R Matthews spoke of the excellent manner in which the children had performed their various tasks. Such entertainments as these afforded an excellent training for the youngsters, who were taught to sing and to speak, and inspirel them with such an amuunt of confi- dence that in after years they would not be nervous when appearing before an audience. Not only so, but sucn entertainments were a fruitful source of income to a school where fees were notlin existence, and it was helpful in keeping the school going. Alluding to the necessary training, he said it was not work required of the teachers, but it was a duty they had taken up of their own accord. He ex• tended a public welcome to Mr Moss (assistant) who was a soldier returned from South Africa.—The entertainment was repeated on Tuesday evening and there was again a large audience.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY JANUARY 31, 1902 NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. By " Ovalist." January has been a disastrous month for the War- rington club, as in that short space of time they have suffered defeat on their own ground on three occasions, while there is only a single victory away to compensate. The surprise win at Hull must have been a flash in the pan, for Warrington have gone down consistently ever since. Bradford put the stopper on Warrington's pre- tensions by wiping the floor with them on New Year's Day. That was a woeful start for the new year, and the omens of that day have so far been amply fulfilled. It is nothing but a disgrace for Warrington to lose on their own soil three times in one month. They will soon forfeit their reputation for being a formidable team to take down if they continue to drop points at Wilders- pool. Why, Salford must feel almost cocksure about to-day's match! Let us, for goodness sake; show the Reds that the Warrington team is not quite done with. To-day (Saturday) is February Ist. A turn in the tide is hoped for and expected!

In addition to losing points and matches in January Warrington have lost three men who may, be badly ' wanted when the cup ties commence. These three are Boardman, W Swift and Burgess, all dismissed from play by the referee on the ground of roughness or fight- ing. Burgess seems to me to be rather hardly dealt with. I did not see what his offence on Saturday was, but I hear that he used his feet when on ' the ground. and the ever-ready Barratt played "possum." Burgess himself is indignant at his fate,and sticks to it that he is innocent of offence. Anyhow it is likely 0 go hard with him when he comes before the Committee, for this is his second offence this season. And last time too he was not the cause of the trouble.

Tho afford committee have selected the following te stn.

D Smith, fullback; E A Bone, T Williams, J Party, and H Price, three-quarter backs ; D Davies and J Lomas, half-backs; P Tunney, J Rhapps, G Heath, H Buckler, J Williams, M Gldhill, W Brown, and R Shaw, forwards. H Shore and B Griffiths, reserves.

A Manchester correspondent says :--g, It will be no iced Griffiths has been displaced in favour of D Davies, who last week was played in Lomas's place owing to the latter being unable to obtain his permit, and it may be said he impressed the Salford officials so much with the capital game he played that they have felt justified in once more giving him a trial. The only other alteration to record is in the forwards, where J Williams, who has been absent from the field for several weeks, displaces Shore. A good deal of interest is centred in this encounter, as it is the first time this season these clubs have met, and although the Royal borough team are showing considerably improved form, they will have their work cut out to vanquish Warrington on their own ground, a feat any club are proud to accomplish." .

===== 0002601_19020131_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
- r "' „

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Continued from page G. RUNCORN CLUB.

NOTICIC TO QUIT. The Committee of Runcorn Football Club are now faced with a serious difficulty. Thai, have received notice to qnit the field, of which they have been tenants app roaching a quarter of a century. The owners,however give the club the alternative of purchasing the land. After the team won the Lancashire Championship in 1893-00, several hundreds of pounds were spent upon stands and field improvements, and at one time and another much monly has been sunk in drain- ing operations,Under these circumstances the notice is a very bitter pill. Fortunately the grand stand is built in sections and could easily be removed and re-erected on another site. Negotiations are proceeding with the solicitors to the owners on the question. and there is a hopeful feeling that the notic may te withdrawn. At the came time a keen look outi s • being kept for a suitable ground elsewhere. The expense of removal would be very heavy, and the finances of the club are In none too flourishing a condition at the present time.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

===== 0002601_19020131_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
EAR LESTOWN & NEWTON.

A POSTMAN'S AWKWARD SLIP.

On Thursday morning at 5 o'clock, 's Mr John Horsefield, town postman, Newton-le-Willows, was going on duty ha slipped on the slippery roads and badly sprained his left hand. THE TESTIMONIAL TO COUNCILLOR GILMOUR.

The subscription list which has been opened for the purpose of presenting to Councillor Gilmour a testimonial of the esteem of the Town Hall ward of his services as Councillor for he ward is pro- ceeding apace. Up to the present something like .£4 198 6d his been subscribed, the principal sub- scribers being Mr J W Thorpe 10s,Mr W Collingwood 10s, &c.

PRESENTATION TO MRS. G. HOWARD (NEE GREENALL). On Thursday evening the members of the Young Ladies' Bible Class connected with the Earlestowu Sunday School, met in the Lecture Hall for the p ur- p ose of making a presentation to Mrs G Ilovvard, who, as Miss Greenall officiated for many years as teacher of the class, and who has recently entered the marriage state. About 40 young ladies were present. The present took the form of a rosewood work table, to which was attached a card inscribed "Presented to Miss Greenall with much love and appreciation by the members of the Young Ladies' Bible Class, on the occasion of her marriage, January Bth, 1902,"—:-Miss K Alderson made the presentation on behalf of;the class, and Mrs Howard suitably thanked the givers.—ltefreshments were afterwards handed round, and sangs were rendered by Misses DI Barr, F Holliday, and J Hill, and games were indulged in.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT] , FOOTBALL. Owing to Ilaydock withdrawing from the St. Helens Charity League, Earlestown were left With a blank date ou Saturday, and the same cause will have the 'same effect on next Saturday, unless a match is quickly fixed up. lhere was some.talk of playing the return League match with either Southport Central or Darwen,but this arrangement has evidently fallen through. It will be a great pity if the team is resting for two Saturdays in succession, especially as they art exhibiting such grand form at present. It would be a different thing altogether if they had been playing several mid-week matches and needed a rest but that is not the case, and the enforced idleness may have an adverse, instead of an invigorating effect upon the eleven.

Newton are still on the downward grade and the worst of the matter is that every week there are no half measures about their defeats. The score piled upon against them always assumes huge pro- portions. On Saturday they paid a visit to Wrex- ham—the prospective champions of the combination —and the Welshmen rubbed it in to the tune of seven goals to nil. It is impossible to account for the recent heavy defeats the Newtoners have suffered but it is practically certain that they will gain the wooden spoon of the combination, unless the turn ronnd in miraculous fashion and this hardly seems likely. M. ASHTON'S LIFT! TONIC Is THE XING OP TONICS —63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—(Advt.) '

Frodsham Petty Sessions. Before Messrs 0 Reinolds (in the chair) and J J Crosfield •REPUSING TO QUIT.--John Faulkner, labourer, Marsh Green, was fined 10e for being drunk on licensed premises,. the '' Volunteer Inn," Frodsham, on the 11th January. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—Joseph Mc Waters was granted temporary autbority to tell at the Commercial Inn," Frodshara, lately occupied by William Renshaw.

WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

„, • '

Burtonwood Water Supply.

A Breeze. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday afternoon. Mr Joshua Hall presided and there were also present :—Messrs. J W Ruowlea,Houghton, Brooks, Balton, Fors/law, Mather, Backhouse, Longton, Dr. Murray with F W Kerfoet (inspector), B S Newcombe (surveyor), Dr Septiton (medical officer), aud J C Sutton (clerk). MANCHESTER PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The CLERK informed the Connell that the first claim under the Manchester Port Sanitary Order had been received and amounted to £.38 8s Bd, payable by the County. Borough and that Council in proportion to rateable values.

WINWICE ASYLUM SEWAOIE QUESTION. The Cu= reported that the opinion of Mr Fitzgerald, 8.C., wick regard to the question of the disposal of the sewage from Winwick Aeylum had been obtairood. The other day he (Mr Sutton) met Mr Francomb (the chair- man of the Visiting Committee of Winwick Asylum) and had a conversation with hitnlon the matter. Ile told Mr Francomb that the Council had no desire whatever to litigate on the contrary they would be rleased to fled a way out of the difficulty without litigation, but unless the Council was treated in the same way that the dis- tricts of Whittingham and Rainhill were treated when new asylums were erected there they could not permit the thing to pass. Mr Sutton read correspoadence which had passed between himself and Mr Muspratt (clerk of the Asylums Visiting Coca- mittee) and-Messrs W D Jeans and Sons (who are acting on behalf of the Council) on the subject. Mr Loicormi said he would be glad if something was going to be done in the,matter. At present the smell was very had. _ _

Mr KNOWLES: Ibave beard you are likely to grow clover crops without manure. (Lauaiater.) On the proposition of Mr KNOWLES seconded b 7 Mr Nieman it was decided that the Chairman and Messrs Longton and Brooks should form a deputation to meet a committee of the Asylums Board to discuss the question. BLIRTONWOOD WATER SUPPLY. • OPPOSITION TO THE PROPOSED EXTENSION. MESS. HALTON AND KNOWLES AT LOGGER HEADS. 't he CLERK read a letter from Mr John Taylor,Collins Green, applying to he supplied with water for domestic use.

It was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Inspector who was instructed tg inform Mr Taylor that he should apply to the Warrington Cprporation for the water.

The next business was the adjourned consideration of the extension of water mains at Buttonwood and of the protest b 9 Mr John Faircloug,,h and others thereon. The Clerk informed the Council that a deputation of Button- wood ratepayers Wa9 in attendance and desired to place their views before the Council. Mr HALTON said a petition against the proposed extensions had been sent to th 3 Council.

_ K.,IIALKS oni ita t Council taking notice of the signatures. Dar FleuroN said it was their duty to do so. _ . .

Mr KNOWLES persisted that it was not sad added facetiously "It is highly improper that these things should be discussed in the George Inn." Mr Hams : You should not distniss things in your district. I have had enough ot this nonsense! (Warmly). You had better be a little more guarded with yo..ir tongue and no insult people. Mr KNOWLES : lam not insulting. Mr Hamtorr : You are a most insulting man. I don't come here to be insulted by you. I claim your protec- tion, Mr Chairman. Call hien to ord,r. Mr KNOWLES : He has done. lam quiet now. The incident then closed. @The deputation, which consisted of Messrs John War- burton, W Warburton and Thomas Perks, was then admitted, together with the Rev A M Mitchell, Vicar of Burtonwold,

Mr Fonstraw now moved :—"That this Council con- sent to the terms proposed by the Corporation of War- rington for the extension of water mains in the Burton- wood parish, and that the Clerk A p ply to the Town Clerk for a draft contract thereon, and lay the same before the Council at their next meeting." He pointed out that the matter had been before the Council time after time. The Corporation in the first instance asked for a guarantee of si per cent. on the outlay, but ultimately consented to 5 per cent, and it was on these terms that he moved the contract be made. The Parish Council had unanimously agreed to the scheme. Mr JOHN WARBURTON addressed the meeting and said it would be very hard for the ratepayers to bear the expense of the extension. He presented a petition against the proposal signed by a number of ratepayers aaclfpointed out that there were at least 175 residents who did not require the water supply as they were already well provided for. •

In answer to Mr. FORSHAW the speaker said he was not prepared with an alternative scheme. At the invitation of the CHAIRMAN the Rev A M Mitchell expressed his views in the matter. He said he bad besought Mr. Fairclough to withdraw his opposition and fall into line. He was very sorry that Mr Fair- cl.4ugh and sevaral others had net done so. If some persons had a water supply it was quite evident that those who had not, could not be denied it with equal justice. He thought it was a great pity that the Parish Council had not appeared at that meeting in a body. He thought if they had done ro there would have been a mutual solution of the difficulty. Be knew from his own exf perience that during the past year people had been in extremes for water during the summer months and be did not think they ought to minimise the difficulty which undoubtedly existed. He trusted the Council would respond to the appeal of the Parish Council and agree with the arrangement. Ho understood that the Parish Council was uuani nous in voting for the sunray and if so he did not understand the position of Mr Fur. dough because he was a member of the Council. The parishioners had on two distinct occasions voted in favour of this supply and this showed that the Parish Council had the support of the parishioners generally. Mr KNOWLES seconded Mr Farshaw's proposition. and. Mr Lowarru,i supported, remarking that he knew what it waste be without water.

Mr FORUIANV pointed out that the interest that would have to be paid by the Council was £l4O. A penny in the pound rate at Burtonwood would produce £3O so that the interest on the outlay would amount to lid would receive nothing ter rate, Resuming that they supplying water.

Mr 'HALTON proposed an ameadment that the matter be deferred. He suggested that the people requiring water might give the guarantee instead of the Council, as was done at Sankey, Dr MURRAY said there was a roason why this was done successfully at Sankey. The mains were already laid so far as Penketh-lane end in order to supply Peoketh with water so that there was not such a length of piping required to take the supply to Sankey as would kr necessary in the case of Burtonwood. No coe seconded the amendment. • Mr HALTON referrine te the incident which ocouried between himself and Mr Knowles, said he thought busi- ness houses ought to be left out of any discussions THE GLEN SPEY DISTILLERY, situate In the finest Whisky-producing District of Scotland, Is tho property Of W and A Gllbey. Thus Whisky is made entirely from home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended, in His Majesty:, Bonded Warehouses ts.mature,rTd to.ldjby

W and ..ArEglbey'e agents In every town a 6; 31 f3d Per bottle.

Warrlngton.—Printed :and Publimbed by Joax WArmra & Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey- Street, and published, by them at the same place and also at The Examiner Office Victorla-roadmumns 32, George-street. ST. HELENS and blatiret-street BARIXIITOWIf.' tu the County of Lancaster and also at Higb st. RuNcotirr,in the, County of .Chester. Jan. 31 1902,

===== 0002601_19020131_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
GROSS CRUELTY TO A DOG.

===== 0002601_19020131_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Case at Newton Sessions.

At Newton Petty Sesaions, on Thursday, Frederick Lentz was charged by the Royal Society for the Preven- tion of Cruelty to Animals with cruelty to a dog. Mr Steel prosecuted, and Mr J Graham,of Wigan, defended Mr Steel said that James Rigby, of Penny-lane, Hay- dock, allowed his black retriever dog to go out for a run on the flad inst. It did not return until the next afternoon, when it crawled home in a most deplorable condition, Its left eye was hanging out on the cheek by the skin, two teeth were also hanging out, and the left foreleg was broken. Rigby attended to it. but on the Sunday, seeing that there was no chance of it recovering, he drowned lt.on a subsequent date he went to defendant's Irouse about the dog, and defendant admitted to him that he had thrashed the dog with a stick until the stick was broken, and then with a bar of iron. The dog was fastened up in his yard, and about ten o'clock he went to get some coal, when it flew out at him. He did not know how it came to be fastened up in his yard. Evidence was given by Rigby, Inspector Print, of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Sergeant Walker, Constable Johnson, and two °there, bearing out this statement.

For the defence, it was urged that the dog flaw at Lentz and bit him, and be struck it in self-defence. Be denied that when the dog left his yard it eye was hanging out and that its teeth were also hanging and its leg broken. It was in the same condition as it was when it attacked him.

The magistrates retired, and on returning into court the Chairman said they had carefully considered the case,and were convinced that there had been very great cruelty used.—The defendant would be fined £1 and costs.

===== 0002601_19020131_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY END At 10.30—Rev. Rev. THEODORE BISHOP. At 6.30—W. O. J. NEVILLE!. All welcome. Hymn pookd provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 303, Guaranteed MACDONALDS PAINLICSS SYSTEM. A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press Vcneml says Natural, tasting, and I,it.-;11ka. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WArriaesEs, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.m MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY SAM. TO 8 P.M.

LATCHFORD BAPrIST CHURCH JUBILEE. SPECIAL SERVICES TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 2HD, 10.30 8t 6 P.R. PREACHER : REV. JOHN RANON MATTHEwS. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 9Tg, AT 10.30 AND 6 PM. PREACHER: REV. CHARLES COLE, BOLTON. MONDAY, FEBRUARY NTH. AT 7.45 P M.. PREACHER: REV. D. W. JENKINS, SAIADINE N 00K. Collection at Each Service. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13TH. JUBILEE TEA AND RE-UNION At 6 p.m. 'PICKETS, ONE SHILLING EACH. PUBLIC MEETING AT 7 P.M. CHAIRMAN: REV. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. SPEAKERS: REV. J. YONGE. REV. J. S. HUGHES, REV. J W. VARLEY, COUNCILLOR JAMES EVANS AND OTHERS• ALL OLD SCHOLARS AND FRIENDS CORDIALLY INVITED.

RU LE NCORN UNION FEMA COOK.—THE GUARDIANS REQUIRE the SERVICES of a SINGLE WOMAN or Widow. as Cook. Abblicants must be competent to prepare PC.,:als for the Inmates and Officers and assist where required by the Matron, Salary £25 per annum with board. lodging, and washing, but without beer or allowance. The salary is subject to a deduction in accordance with the Poor Law Officers' Superannuation Act 18M for which purpose the Bmoh;menta are valued at £4O per annum. Applications, stating age, and present and previous occupations to be sent to the undersigned, not later than the Bth day of February, 1902. By Order GEO. F. ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians, _Union Offices. Runcorn, 22nd January, 1902.

WANTED IN CANADA. CAPITALISTS. PERSONS, WITH MODERATE IN- COMES, FARMERS, FARM LABOURERS, youtqa MEN DESIRING TO LEARN FARMING, AND DOMESTIC SERVANTS, for whom special arrangements are made. FREE GRANTS OF LAND In ONTARIO, MANITOBA SO the NORTH WEST. Crown Lands In other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. NO RENT. FREE SCHOOLS. LOW TAXES. HEALTHY CLIMATE GROWING TRADE. INCREASING PROSPERITY. Pamphlets. Maps. reliabte information and advice on all Matters of Interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion, gratis and post free. Particulars can also be obtained from the Allan, Dominion and Eider Dempster Steamship Companies, or their local agents ; or from the Canadian Pacifica Railway Company. Correspondence invited and personal interviews riming ed. Apply to the CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENCY, 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BRING YOUR FRET To 5, LONDON-ROAD, Liverpool, and put them Inside pair of ARTHUR EVANS' 6s. 6n., Is. 6n.. or TWELVE 808 BOOTS. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

_ *1 • TRITE STAR LINE v v ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. V.:: A I 4 • , LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. GERMANIC Wed., Feb, 5 MAJESTIC ...I Wed.. Feb. 26 TEUTONIC Wed., Feb. 12 GERMANIC...Wed March 5 I OCEANIC IWed., Feb 19 CYMRIC Fri.. March. 7 Third Class palmettos at low rates including Outfit free of Charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to Iniss. IMRIE, and Co.. Liverpool, 17 Cockspur treet, S.W., and 34, Leadenhall Street. London. 8.C.,

biolCipEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE 13 DID-," " OH, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. "THANK YOU."

MOE JACKETS ! SERGE JACKETS LY Every workman should have one of lueun's cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, Ernonc-araBET, Liverpool.

NOTICR OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS, HAVE REMOVED PROM CRIIRCH BTREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYEES LIABILITY. IGSSITRED AGAINST. THEFT INSURANCE AND FIDELITY BONDS GRANTED BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,300,000 A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 64 CROSS ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented Districts. AGENTS : Warrington Mr. C. 3. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford at Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Herded:law-street aydock Mr. 3. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. 3, FINLOW. Roakary Bridpe Farnworth Mr. 3. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerfteld House

WEDDING RINGS. -- CHAS. WOLF'S GUINEA-GOLD WEDDING RINGS. Half-dozen Superior Electro-plated TEASPOONS given with each Ring. MONEY REFUNDED for THIRD-CLASS TRAVELLING EXPENSES any place between WARRINGTON, WIDNE9, RUNCORN. Sr. HELENS. and BARLESTOWN Districts and LIVERPOOL, SIZE CARDS POST FREE, -- CHARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER. 10, RENSHAW-STRRET. LIVERPOOL.

W IDW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINT MRS. SMITITERS., Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rem the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained far it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTIONS—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outride label by Mrs. Smithers, and the tuotes of the bole Wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS & SON 157. Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's. London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold in Boxes at 25.9 d. each by most Chemists.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS !! LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE POE PRESENTS LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR FROM SS. 613. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPOSITE CONSTANTINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTER.

• • A. AND J. M 'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVBRSBUTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and u..P.0. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Sliver Jewellers'. Plate and Negotiable Property of every deseriptien. Old Gold and Silver bought. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. (Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clrtike, Pictures, As., Lc.. always on Sale. We sre now offering some Special BARc/A.INS in LHAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S AMOS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac, Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of II kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, ZEACELETS. Sm. GOLD and SILVER WATUHES. bRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at priced to suit all Pockets. M'LAINE'S, RICHMOND I.D fREET, LIVERPOOL _

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. I:3OTRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAILER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 57, RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

• PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON-

ADV KRTISE YOUR BUSINESS BY THE LATEST AND MOST UP-TO-DATE METHOD. CONSULT THE NATIONAL ENGRAVING CO., EXPERT ILLUSTRATORS AND ADVERTISING SPECIALISTS HALF-TONE, WGOD hISGRAVING, LINE, AND ELECTROTYPING. KNOLLS WORKS, 266 BURY NEW ROAD, BIA.nrcIIESTErt. GYMNASTIC APPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON, 89, WIN 1)80 R &FRE ET, UV E RPOOL. GYMNASIA FITTED THOUGHOUT IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT, BASS'S PSILD AND BITTER ALBS AILSOPP'S GILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLBY'S HOP BITTERS.. WHBATLBY'S custaim BIER. To he had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN I Nell ABil vrtriwicK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of CLASS MIBIERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles, Telephone No. 179. STORES, OWEN STREET. IRIS T ERRIER FAN CI KAS. AP . STUD in Liverpool. that big/a-class Terrier COUSIN COMRADE. winner of over 60 firsts at loading shows and sire of noted winners. Illustrated Stud Cards free.—William K. Calw- zoap, 60, Ulhwat r-Areet. Liv9rpool.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS, BUY FROM THE MANUFACTURER, A. COTTERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER, BEAMONT-ST. NEAR INFIRMARY, WARRINGTON.

OW. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCHESTER. BY SPECIAL %. TO HIS ROYAL MAJESTY THE WARRANT OF APPOINTMENT ; AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL —HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE , OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY ' HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, 1 GEO. WRIGHT & SON, LTD.,' Are one of the oldest Firms of Dyers in the Kingdom, being established in MANCHESTER 1835. LIVERPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 39e, HORSEMARKET STREET.: Goods left with our Agent, Arthur Davidson, 61. Bridge Street. (late Lowe and Laithwaite) will receive prompt . attention aad be charged the same prices as at our Branch.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE, The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publio, Sold by all Grocers and Drugglsts, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GADDRS AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHRD 1833.

HTT G. DOWLING, ESTATE, INSURANCE. COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21. Ellesmere-road, Stockton Meath.

TIRE CORPORATION OF WARRINOTON is pre- 1. pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 2s 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, ns. 6, MARKET STREET ((Wm MYNEKYNE'S). H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

NOTICE. MORTON & SAMPSON ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL ENGINEERS HAVE REMOVED TO TRINITY BUILDINGS CORPORATION-STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL %V ORK.

NVEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- caret Wedding Rings ; largest stook and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SRVIIN SHILLINGS AND SIMPENCS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. MI sizes and shapes. Including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—IIIISTANOR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

FOR FIRST-OLASS REPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO W. EVANS, WORKS :-BEABIONT-STREET, NEAR THE INFIRMARY (13 YEARS WITH GARNETTS). CHARIRES VERY REASONABLE.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIvARETTES, SNUFF:3. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MAISIOLIESTUR Established 68 Years

"A 50a WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVR ENOLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTI SHILLINGS. This watch Is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUR r OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Bone. Me Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had In ALL SIZ RS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from RUSTANCE AND CO., ws tchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Bent post free to di parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

SAM N. GREEN, THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. THE CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR NURSERY GUARDS, WIRE GOODS. ETC.

PURE CEYLON TEA. PURE CEYLON TEA. PURE CEYLON TEA. IMPORTED DIRECT FROM THE GROWER, JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WILL BE PLEASED TO SUBMIT SAMPLES. A TRIAL SOLICITED.

ROBERT ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER A VALUER Office and fialerooms No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CABH ADVANCED ON (24.00119 DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Sf cond-hand Fnrnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. l'urnitur e, warsh3l:ZC'

T. CLARKg, .• EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, B&RLBSTOWN, IS NOW SHOWING A LARGB NUMBER OF BOOKS BY YARIOYS AUTHORS, REMARKABLY CHEAP. SEE WINDOWS. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

• Er. urARNER. 8 AtARBURY-STREET. • Off Kent-street, Latchford, Warrington. PAVING, TILING, AND DRAINING CONTRACTOR. ASPHALTING WALKS. &C. WORK EXECUTED ON SATISFACTORY AND REASONABLE TERES•

ILLIIMINATE'D ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING no-similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan titles Ice., copied and lithographed.—Baoows AND SaN, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD. and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'PL GET ROTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Plano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public "tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE PIANO-SMITH IN MANCHESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU, PIANOS from 10s. 83. MONTHLY 1. ORGANS ~ 6s. Od. TILL PAID FOR. J Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, awl Iffy goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good artiele, and you will always be satisfied : and it ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 35, Railway-road. ST. HELENS: 99, Corporation-street.

PENDLEBURY & CO.. 12 & 14 WINWICK STREET, WARRINGTON SEE OUR WINDOW THIS WEEK FOR LINOLETTIVIS, OILCLOTHS AND CARPETS, AND COMPARE OURS WITH PRICES ELSEWHERE FOR CASH. INLAID LINOLEUMS FROM 33. PER SQUARE YARD, NEW DESIGNS AND PATTERNS FOR SPRING SEASON. FENDLEBITRY & CO, 12 & 14, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. LOOK OUT FOR OUR NEW STOCK OF MAILCARTS AND BASSONETTES. THE MOST UP-TO-DATE STYLES AND IMPROVEMENTS.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, ell EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ILL THE LEADING !(INERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old mold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac.. to any amount at low rates et Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Paroels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

29T11 GREAT ANNUAL SALE OF OVERCOATS, WINTER SUITS, AND SURPLUS STOCK. GREAT REDUCTIONS FROM 4/- TO 10/- IN TIM 2. OR HALF-PRICE SALE. HEAPS OF BOYS' OVERCOATS ALL REDUCED TO HALF-PRICE TO CLEAR AND MAKE ROOM FOR SPRING STOCK. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. • LARGEST BODT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED , • RICHARD JEVPREYS 88, BOLD STREET, LIkARPOOL; 's FRAME MAXIM AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assorturnt.of Frinse,fPlittures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms Moderate. A !INA CotrlllOpos OF PIIOXOGRAPHS for Crystoletuu and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENG. 44,VINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR s MORRELL'S , INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW.STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. • ALWAYS FLUID,I NEVER FADE! TO BE HAD WHOLRBALB FROM SAM N. GREEN MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S ONLONODYNR. TDB ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to ,h4s;the most wonderfal;and valuable remedy over dis soverddi.,, PHVOODYNE is tbe best remedy known for Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. riIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Llroup, Ague. - 01:1LORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the Only specific in Choleraand Dysentery. CIIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &O. From Dr. B. J. IloinTON AND CO., MOrtioastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in one- practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita. lion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling ef comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Bari Russell comniunicatea to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch frorii her Majesty's tionsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera,hulheen. raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1865. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. c..tprros.—vice-ohencenor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE WIN undoubtedly, the inventor cf "OHLORODYNN " and. that the Story of the defendant FREEMAN,' was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say bad been sworn to.—See Zimes, 13th July, 1884. Sold in bottles at is. iF,, 2s. 9d., and 45. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNR'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm lug Idedicsl testimony accompanies each bottle

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (OF WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND • DECORATORS. BEG ap GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OCIEEN STREET, EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, Ac. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASONABLE PRICES. Aerzfra,ros •.,WELSBACLI "INCANDESCENT LIG HTS. ESTIMATES FREE.

HOOPING COUGH The eelelirated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure - without • internal

HOOFING COUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 49: .• per , bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents: W. EDWARDS • 848 t rSON,eet, ILsonagoune.an Victoria CROUP

4 I I • I I . I 1 ~.. WS I a I M • 1 P. 4 <3.V42 4? r t - GiAiTe-..,- ; •Z' t +5.4" /.141 ,j4P-- .- LUD t 5 le to '2* ec- is ..)v 7 - IMMO WiLLIA „,.. 6TREIT s, ~ ~.....,- is, AI 4-1 . - coNsrirunew --"f4P• 041 4 .(/' 414 (3 : 0 ,z; raUcKINGHAMW. VOI 50`.--) 'ir, 3 , to u V flouseS OP 1, `V RO D • PARLIRIVeAfr . •Po ete -- , sc.-7 . 10 •RsO6C/\ OUTE OF THE 11

:--'. .---,z, • 4„--r--__ ------,... "-- . AS ---77---- -7-.1-, ..--,.:-:-. _ •,.."7,--; -'' ,-...„-F..-..i..-- ,IL it5..,.,-,•••:),- •.. , . -=_----:•------, f'-' tilr,filli ,i,i'L'•• -------- —7. ----.-_,..: ...• - 1.;,14 i.,.• • ~-kf--------1 [,? .o,e. 11, it .-irrri[7.,,, ' 31,, j-iri, Li_ii . 1-eolii'-:iiiKv. .:',''',-,4,-i-,..,--,.. I', -.' ',— •rt• E, .A. 7,c4,,,, aN. - atit,wg jiff ' ',.•W lip-. , WILL- -:-..7i00,. z•ee .1 LLI ocuecoar scHoot.----."- • .... ~ . . . . ...... . ..... ' ' , ,- ' ' I4'•-'‘;l-4,441:4.-.1u..:r . 'l',- • 'S- i 4.1..-7,,..,1,1 , Ilk •• ,it ---,•;.----,_ vf.- - Ve,',,, ' • "H"Ca 410, . Nltrrili ' •1::=•••-• ' 2. .1" . ' _t 11, .4,.' , : .1.,.. ~,. O.' , . . : ..„..., 111.,..7„ :It', 1 . • - ' •-

..1 4-4- 7"147.7:-Jl7-117 L-.-- ~,,..m , Pit CONVICi SNIP . 1.......:64.7....41_:,........„.„,,,,,,..... 1N1:e4C122 OP GCLL. ' ''- ,' 1 1 - -, 4 t . i -- - ‘ Ifl i 'sl -f • , -IF__KELLY GANG

THE SUPPER SURPRISE MAZAwATTEE COCOA enables those who have hitherto been unable to take suppers to enjoy them, digest them, and benefit by them. THE PERFECT SUPPER BEVERAGE. Of all Grocers. Write for Free somPle to I f azimattecLondon

LANDLADY would let comfortably furnished HOUSII.any period or two sitting and four or five bedrooms, fitted hot and cold water bath, w.c., close to theatres, trams and town, with or without attendance, moderate terms, 19, BOOTH•ST. EAST, off Oxford-road, Manchester.

42 DBVONSHIRB-ROAD, Prince's Park, Liverpool, private BOARDING- 01.7c1i for limited number near park and electric cars, late dinner, terms moderate.—Apply MISS bTEWIRD.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN RORIE' WALES. R HOS ABBBY HOTEL, RHOS-ON SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea. Pure bracing air. delightful climate, charming scenery ; water sapply and sanitation perfeat ; elegant apartments; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent Golf Links by the sea within mile. High-class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tatiff apply to F. HEXER. Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASC4Ow.)

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LINLITHD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATN HILL, ALSO AT 70 1c 7L, HUSTON LQUARE. HOME CONTORTS, CLEANLLNESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDH HYDRO, Physician Dr BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks, Bie and Trams. Terms from is 6d per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BUOCOCK, Proprietor.

OUTfIPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

Ain!gnu, dr. HIGH-CLASS GAS SNOINES ; new design ; latest im- provements. bikes in stoek, one to thirteen brake horse power.—Ehusa ASHWORTH, Collyhurst, Manchester.

PDATE AU ST TOMATIC MACHINES :no goods supplied; no gambling; large money takers; splendid oppor- tunity for small capitalist ; lease, sell, or hire. District monopolies granted.—AUTOMATIC, 153, Euston-road, London, N.W.

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY YOUR LUBRICANTS DU:MT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NoN- UORIIOeIVE, largest sale In the world. Engine Oil, 11.1 d. ; Cylinder Oil, Did, ; Machinery Oil, 110. ; Spindle sill, 9d.; Gas Engine Olt, Is 6d.; Dynamo Oil, 18 6cl per gallon ; In barrels, free and carriage paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London, 8.0. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow; 1, Sandbill, Quayside, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

1341. TENT 0 F 014 MANCHESTER , EdTABLISEED IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DA.VIES & SON have ba4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Estab.ish- ment andpossess praetioal knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, Call., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER•

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OVER 450 GOLD & SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. "VOWEL " WASHING, WRINGING, & MANGLING MACHINED, LAUNDRY REQUISITES, "DIAPHRAGM " CHURNS. BUTTIIII WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. 'THOMAS BRADFORD Sz. CO., 140-142. Digh Holborn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Wrirke. Salford.

WANTBD TRAVBLLERS on commission with good con- nection amongst Grocers and Licensed Victuallers to sell British Wines and Vinegar.—Apply with references to THE NORWICH VINEGAR AND DLOTILLERY COMPANY, LIMITED Lower Westwicli—street, Norwich.

MILK—Wanted on April Ist, 15 doz. of cooled milk daily, delivered in Wigan ; once in winter, twice in sum- mer ; prompt weekly payments; bank reference; one year's contract if required,— Write or call, stating price &c,, to Taoaus WOODS, 8, Alfred-street, Lower Ince, Wigan,

WELS HPOO L GRAMMAR SC ti 00 L.— Comfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains. M.BS. IitIBLE NWCOMBE has a few vacancies for pupils in voice production, singing, the piano theory, or harmony. students prepared ior Associated Board and T.O.L. exams.—The Rims. Stockton Heath.

Ai R. C. R. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, _L prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and iisrmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Booms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, MARKET-STREET, liarlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington. THE MISSES CAMPBELL having REMOVED PROM DIAL HOUSE. Dial-street, to No 1, FROG— HALL-LANB, corner of Bewsey-street. will 10-OPBN SCHOOL there on Tuesday, January 21st (D.V4—Terms /cc. on application.

MR. TOM. BOOTHROYD, Professor of the VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND QUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9. WARtilfilaTON.

AIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music. Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, °EGAN, THROXY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FOICII. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes galued.by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LAN, Warrington.

pATCHWORK.-300 lovely Silks, Is 61; 200 ditto, is Id ; 75 Velvets, Is ; Crewels, qd dO.—SETTLE, 34, West Green-road, Tottenham, London. _ HOME WOHK.—Good earnings by the quickest and latest improved Harrison PAtent Knitting Machines.--48 Upper Brook Street, Manchester.

(111IP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety. NJ Champion Ranges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Meets. 100-page List free.—MannoTT's, Poland-street, Manchester -- 100,000 FREE SAMPLES COCOA, guaranteed pure Ilbls 8d ; 31ba 4s 6d ; carriage raid; name paper. PUllt COCOA Co., 18, Eldon-atreet, London,)E.C.

lUSIC In the HOME, New booklet by bestN•known authors. A copy with very special Piano offer, post free, to first 500 applicants.—HOWLETT'a PIANO WAREHOUSE, Department IS, blorwich,

I 3 &ARSON'. ' Members of Parliament' Competition ; splendid unique solutions 6ci stamped address; Tit-13its ' Railway Stations 'same terms.—W. HAnIUsoN,99 Corpora- tion-street. Birmingham. HOME WORK by the quickest, simplest, and latest Im- proved HARRISON KNITTINO MACHINES; highest wages earned. Lists from Itantareots IdaclaNs, Co.. LTD., 43. Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

SUROWAL APPLIANOBS.—A new Illustrated List forwarded on receipt of stamped envelope. Quality highest, prices lowest. Testimonials from all parts.—M. Duvac, 38, Broke Road, Balaton, London, N B. -VETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, fling Nets, Purse Nets, G3al Nets, Sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Game Nets of every description. THOMAS JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester. _ _

UOK I-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUCHERS sewn; _LI very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size. post free for 5s 6d per pair ; money returned If not approved of. H. J, GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye,

LIALVANISED CORRUGATED SHEETS, GALVANISED Lot BUCKHTS, ROOFING PELT, WIRE NETTING, and HOLLOWARE (wholesale only) ; send for quotation.— HEYWOOD, 24F, India Buildings, Cross street, Manchester. - --- INVALUABLIR CURE for Chest Complaints.—STOßMONT MURPHEY Curative Chest Preserver. Used in Iceland for rapid cure of chest. All chemists.—Write PATENTEE, 9 Osnaburgb Terrace, N.W. ; MAW, Aldersgate-street,London.

0 DEALERS, SHOPKEEPERS, &c.—Spring Is corning. Nottingham Lace, Aprons, Pinafo.es, Scc ; job lots 20s, carriage pAd iirect.—WlLLlA3l DEAVILLE AND Co., Manu- facturers. 7, ißaleigh-street, Nottingham. Established 1857.

EACILIi LIFE POLICY FOR SALE; dated 1880 £5OO bonus gone to reduce premiums now £26 yearly February ; surrender value £276; male born 1826 ; age admitted ; whole life ; price £3lO.—E PADFIELD 30, Percy- street, Liverpool.

PANooll.ll.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _IL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold LaHl. with siding to the railway. buicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—address J. IiO3ICING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

VINE VIOLIN.—Must sell ; lovely old model, property late sole Violinist ; magnificent rich Solo tone, labelled Stradivarius Cremona, 1690, perfect condition ; splendid Dod wodel bow ; superior lock-up case, worth £7; cash needed, sacrifice 17e 6d ; rare bargain, approval before pay- n.ent.—Mrs. TYLER, 8 Enfield Place, Uxbridge.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one since bought of Crosby Lockwood and Son. 7. Stationer? Hall Court, London, ILO. a copy of' EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER.' by A BARRISTER. price 6s. Bd, post free, which has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers' fees. New and revised Edition (1902) just published.

SPECIAL SHOW OF PICTURES AND FANCY GOODS, SPRING ROCKING CHAIRS, BRUSSELS CARPET, EMBOSSED VELVET, ADDLEBAGS, Exc. BABY CHAIRS IN GREAT VARIETY. SEE OUR WINDOWS THIS WEEK. SPECIAL BARGAINS FOR THE CHRISTMAS TRADE. PENDLEBURY AND COMPANY, (SEAR CENTRAL STATION) WARRINGTON.

BENSON'S SALE. A GRAND SELECTION OF DRESS GOODS. JACKETS, LADIES AND CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING, ALSO A VERY EXTENSIVE STOCK OF GENERAL DRAPERY. We BENSON, 11 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON

FPO GREENGUOCERS.—SHOP and Goodwill to be Sold _I cheap; good reason given for leaviug.—Apply Mrs IIVANS, 43, Cranworth-street, tootle. XTRwSAGI‘NCY, STATIONERY &C. Fancy Goods Business to be disposed of good reason for leaving ; good house part :—Apply 63, BEWSEY-STREEr, Warrington, Q MALL CONFECTIONERY and SWEET BUSINESS AJ stock and fixtures to be taken : good ice cream trade in summer,teas. Ac—Apply T. BROWN,haw's-lane,Altrineham

CILOG and BOOT-RRPAIRING SHOP. Machine, lasts, bencees, knives etc. £l3. Rent Bs. clear. three bedrams Good living for Steidy man,—Address 362 MILL STREET, Bradford, Manchester.

OLB-ESTABLISHED CONFECTIONERY BUSINESS for disposal. Stock. fixtures, <kis ; main street ; EStb. 17 years; satisfactory reasons for leaving. —Apply 83. BUTTER- MARKET-STREET. Warrington.

QTATIONERY.—Fancy Goods Business ; easily managed K) by lady ; main road ; Illness cause of disposal ; nearest otter to £9O accepted ' stock alone worth £I3O.—KNIGHT, 81 High-road, Lee, London, B.E.

TAMES P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL, PROSPECTUSES of the SAND FORK PETROLEUM CO.. United States of America, paying 12 per cent, will be sent post free on application.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). ALS(• AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Ju3t past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &C. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 16k. 231, 281, 38k, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,000 guineas, specially augmented in Quality and Quantity of Articles for this Sale far SURPASS OTHERS. Full particulars and NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 700 designs, past free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent extra. DITT S'S STOCKTAKING SALE. —DINING- ROOK FURNITURIL—TastefuI Suits in Utrecht Velvet, £8 Bs, cost double. Another, elaborately carved, covered in Lister's Velvet, cost £2O, for £lO 10s, Genuine Oak Suite, profusely carved. cost £.:4 for £ll 11s. Walnut Suite, in rich Oriental Saddlebags, cost £25, for £l2 12e. A most Ornate Suite, in Walnut and real Leather, cost £27, for £l4 14e. Brown Oak Suite, in Saddlebags and Velvet, cost £3O, for £l5. Spoonbaek Suite in Maroon skins, cost £3O, for £lB its. Grand Suite, Mahogany and Maroon, cost £35, for £lB 18s. Another Walnut, £l9, Natty Sideboard, for £3 its ; larger one, £4 15s. Real Walnut Sideboard,chastely carved panels, numerous bevelled plates, cost £l2, for £6 6e. Another (fine and bold). £8 Bs. Real beauty, in genuine Walnut, handsomely carved, £9 10e. Massive Lofty Side- board in Mahogany, cost £23, for £l2 12s. Grand Walnut Sideboard, cost £3O for £l4 148. Magnificent Oak Sideboard fit for a mansion, cost £4O, for £l9 19s. Sevel al others up to £5O each. Dining Table. substantial white top 27a 6d. Real Oak Dining Table, cost £5 tor £2 15s. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE—DRAWING- ROOM FUHNITURE.—Genoa Velvet Suite, cost £l5, for £7 10s. Artistic Suite, in rich covering. cost £lB. for , £9 9s. Very effective Inlaid Suite. cost £2O, for £lO 10e. Beautiful Inlaid Rosewood Suite, in Silk, cost £22. for £ll lls. Exquisitely-carved Dark Mahogany Suite, cost £27. for £l4 14e. Graceful Walnut Suite, really beautifully finished, cost £3O, for £l6 its. Lovely Suite, cost £35, for £lB. Cabinet, tasteful design, cost £B, for £3 10e ; another larger, £4 its. Chippendale Cabinet, numerous mirrors, carved brackets, &a ,cost £l2, for £6 65. Inlaid Rosewood Cabinet. cost £l6. for £8 81. Chippendale, dark mahogany, cost £2O. for £lO 105. French style, very choice. cost £25, for £l3 13s. Overmantel, neat design, £2 10s; more elaborate, £3 10s , cost double. Walnut Oyermantel, very nicely finieried, cost £lO, for £4 its. Genuine oak, chastely carved, cost £l5, for £5 10s. PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—BEDROOM FURNITURLL—WaInut Suite, all requisite articles, cost £l6. for £8 Es. Another. cost £l6, for £lO 10s. Satin Walnut Suite, cost £2O, for £ll us. Mahogany Suite, con- sisting of roomy wardrobe, with bevelled plate-glass door, dressing chest, with bevelled swing mirror, Jewel boxes, washstand, with marble slab, tile back, with bevelled plate over, pedestal rail and two chairs ; cost £24. for £l2 12s. Handsome Ash Suite, cost £3O, for £l5. Beautiful Walnut Suite, cost £35, for £l7 17s. Magnificent Italian Walnut Suite, cost £4O, for £23 10s. Noble Satin Walnut Suite cost £5O, for £27 10e. Extremely Ornate Walnut Suite,profueely carved panels, fine design and rare workmanship, cost £6O, for £32. Richly-figured Spanish Mahogany Suite, cost £7O, tor £36. Grand Dark Mahogany Chippendale Suite, cost £9O, for £45. Scores of others. PITTS'S POPULAR PlANOS.—Magniffeent Die- play of NEW INSTRUMENTS by beet makers, fully guaranteed, at CONSIDFRA.BLY UNDER USUAL PRICES. Also SECOND-HAND PIANOS in good condition. Clear- ance imperative. PITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not,miss them and rue after. QAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. tJ LOND 3N-ROAD (Ardwick and Longslght Cars). GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone. 1,124.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renown 93 for C TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE conOUCi s umpit BRONCHITIS. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S Spasms. CHLORODYNE 24 doses for 2s. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S; TAKE NO OTHER.

EDGAR V. MORTON, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLER. ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. £3 17s. 6D. LADY'S illua.n des neu UeLONGr. 17s. 6D. tilupereior GOLD KEYLESS WATCH £6 63. OD. p-guairnaeat eGOLD ALBERT worth £2 ss. OD. lßesesa:xutdif floral OeLDilaTgaHseKey- .2l 55. OD. GENT'S WASteiress im% Marked oases. Wand movement, none better. £3 ZS. OD. (TCov ae rrnamt eGnOt Ltpt a mCpUe idtß c;ilA everylbert Link. ctl. IS. OD. allrittnagtrnospLADßarNglCKLET

£2 153. OD. ,Gvenu:tc'sif, Eb Ny G11:1'588 au d LEVERbon, Liverpool. With W arranty. £3 103. OD. 1G7A11%, 3yNGßl4ulsSs:ii a n.LdE VsEo nR, Liverpool. Stout eases of solid Hall Marked Silver. RI 103. OD. Silver LEVER WATCH, By Greavea' Sheffield. BEDROOM AND KITCHEN CHAIRS FROM 2S. 3D. .124DGAR V. MORTON 1 BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON,

BOOTS BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD. CLEANSES the system from all impurities. CURES PIMPLES ON THE FACE. URES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SOURVI AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL. Messrs. BOOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy, that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it professes to do. (Signed) G. P. SOLOMON. PRICES is. AND is. 95. PER BOTTLE. SULPHUR TABLETS CONTAIN ALL THE VIRTUES OF THAT OLD FASHIONED REMEDY. PRICES 6D. AND 11n. PER BOX. Containing double the quantity usually sold. COMPOUND SARSAPARILLA PACKETS, Composed of Sarsaparilla, Burdock Root, Peruvian Bark, Sassafras Bark, Guaiacum Wood, Mezereon Boot, Licorice, to. Elo PER PACKET. Makes one qu rt. Full directions enclosed. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS. Give a Brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, to, Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one oparation. Usual 6d size for 4 id., ls size for Scl., 2s 6d size for is 5d per bottle. I 1 FURNITURE ki REAM. Gives a brilliant gloss to all kinds of Mahogany and Fs eneh-polished Furniture with half the usual labour. Guaranteed not to show finger marks. 65 bottle for 45., Is. bottle for Td. BRUNSWICK BLACK. Will make Ironwork of the commonest kind orna- mental and give a finish to (say) the fireplace like the shine of patent leather boots does to a well dressed woman. 65, size for 4d. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH. BOOTS BRASS PASTE OR METAL POLISH will clean every kind of Metal, Brass, Steel or Iron. and is invaluable in household use. Trial size, usual 25. for Id. is. tins for 45. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA. Makes hard water soft, is an invaluable help the cleaning of silver, crockery, mirrors,windows„cut glass, but especially is it useful in removing grease spots, stains, Sze., from wash-boards and floors. II la also good for toilet, bath, and laundry. is. bottle for 10d., small trial size 61. • HAT VAHNISEIES. Before the great picture exhibitions in London open, comes a day which artists call varnishing day. The nimble fingers of our girl workers have also their varnishing day, when they varnish last season's hat to do another turn—Boots Hat Varnishes in Black or suitable assorted colours are the best for this purpose. Price 41d per bottle. RICH FURS. MORGAN'S GOLD PAINT. As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decora tore. Has the original brightness of Gold, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. Boots reduced price, is. bottle for nth BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST.

HALF YEARLY SALE, . y GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD. BASNETT STREW, LIVERPOOL. ARE NOW OFFERING AT GREAT REDUCTIONS THE WHOLE OF THEIR SURPLUS STOCK, OF WINTER SEASON'S GOODS EMBRACING :- COSTUMES. LINENS. DRAPERY, MILLINERY. FUENIS H ING. MANTLES. LACES, HOSIERY. FURS. RIBBONS, GLOVES. RICH SILKS. BOOTS AND SHOES. DRESS MATERIALS. LADIEW OUTFITTING. AO. THE REDUCTIONS ARE VERY IMPORTANT, - VARYING FROM 20 TO 53 PER CENT. ACCORD- ING TO pLAss, WHERE NECESSARY TO MARE A COMPLETE CLEARANCE, THE GOODS HAVE BEEN RE-MARKED, WITHOUT REGARD TO COST PRICES. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SENT ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &C. SPLENDID STOCK OF CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTRO PLATE AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELToN'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PRESENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION USEFUL AND LASTING. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. CUTLERY, POCKET KNIVES, ELECTRO- PLATE. TOYS. FANCY GOODS. BEST GOODS. REASONABLE PRICES. For Value cannot be equalled. IN EVERY 1/- SAVED TO YOU. SAM N. GREEN, THE FISH MARKET. WARRINGTON. (For upwards of 18 years with Skelton's, Ltd.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. LTD., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL SHOW OF SEASON'S NOVELTIES AND USEFUL FANCY GOODS EMBRACES REAL SILVER GOODS ELECTRO PLATE OP THE BEST QUALITY. TILTED DRESoING BAGS AND LIASES, TRAVELLING BAGS, PORTMANTEAUX &C. BRASS AND COPPER WARE. LEATHER WRITING CASES AND DESKS, ,AND POCKET BOOKS.: SMOKERS' CABINETS, MEDICINE CABINETS Sze., CHOICE CHINA AND BRIC-A-BRAC. TOYS, ROCKING HORSES, GAMES CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, LACE AND GAUZE FANS, UMBRELLAS AND WALKING STICKS. LAMP SHADES, CUSHIONS, COSEYS, EMBROIDERIES &c.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSBY-STRIORT. WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually ,attended to.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. MR. PERCY RANDALL PROFtSSOR OF MUSIC. ORGANIST AND CHOIRMASTER OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, HAS REMOVED TO • 71 WINMARLEIGH STREET WHERE HE WILL CONTINUE TO RECEIVE PUPILS FOR THE ORGAN, PIANOFORTE. VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, SINGING. THEORY AND HARMONY. PUPILS CAREFULLY PREPARED FOR EXAMINATION IN ANY OF THE ABOVE SUBJECTS. FEES ON APPLICAT tON TO 7, WINMARLEIGG STREET, W ARRINGTON.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY, WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, REWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY PRICE? SET 21S. SINGLE TOOTH 2s. 6D.

FOR GREAT BARGAINS IN ARTISTIC IFURNITURE, OS, PICTURES, Szc &C., GO TO W ILLIAM. TODD, 18, BERRY STREET (TOP BOLD:bTREET). LIVERPOOI

JOHN &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON • FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN MOON has been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRESS :-49. THYNNE-STREr 7.

LANCASHIRE a WATCHES. Cheapest Sound ENGLISH LEVER on the Market. Presoot Factory 20 YEARS Guarantee Certificate with each of these splendid Timekeepers. Strong Silver Cases from 355. Hunters from £2 12s 65. Liverpool Agent : R RUBENS, 15 & 16, ST JOHN'S-LANS, LIVERPOOL, CLOSE TO LIME-STREET STATION. Also WALTHAM WATCHES in Gold, Silver and -filled at Lowest Prices Current.

H. INGRAM AND COMPANY: 72, SANKEY STREET, 'WARRINGTON. ELECTRIC LIGHTING A SPECIALITY BILLS AND THLNPIiONBS. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

' "TENDING! VISITORS TO BRIGHTON WILL Do ' WELL To WRITE OR CALL AT WEBSTER'S PIER CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to snit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) specially catered for. Write at once for Terms.

THE NEWEST AND MOST ELEGANT DESIGNS IN • SOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHRS IN GOLD AND bILVEE OF THE MONT RELIABLE FINISH AND TaIIaTWoRTIII/ TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER RHYLESS LEVER WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working men, £2 Is, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. , 7, ST AAN'S t•QUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS. CUItE INDIUDSTION AND vv IND DUNE FLAI ULENCE AND HISAHINURN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

D. SCOTT'S PILLS ALE A TUNIC YITRLFIER, STRIINIIINEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS. INVALUABLE A$ A FAMILY MEDICINE. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS cutili Loss or APYEIITE, CURE DEPEESsION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DIsOND NES OThE Bi 00D, CURE LASSITUDE AND NBEVOUSNEas.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prep Ired only by W. LAMBERT. 173. iiitYmouit PLAOB, LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other diedicine instead, but insist upon having the riga tiling, which is wrapped in s square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

rrHE Ruheorn Examine-, published Friday morn- jig. It is the only Weekly Paper Isi the district, and oilers Elie best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Wrirrington and NH-Cheshire Examiner, pub J. lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens .Examiner, published every Friday A. afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID AD VERTISEMENTS 41.1•41iTMENT8 WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. JANUARY 3157 1902.

WORKING MEN AND OILING WOMEN ! ! ALF. TAYLOR S BOOTS ARE MIST IN TOWN. 455 HORSEMARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON. , 3 PAIRS SOLO AT THE USUAL PROFIT OF ONE.

2/6 P E (LTILPEs IcitriDEAD•)l4 QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 319, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8,2/-, 2/6,3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREW', LIVERPOub, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street stations.)

I A LADY writes : "Humanly speaking, ' Benger's Food' entirely saved baby's life. I had tried four well-kno:vn . foods, but he could digest e nothing, until we began Eke ' Bengr.' He is now rosy and and fattening rapidly." i e d .. 4_ enger s

Foo For Infants, • Invalids, and the Aged THE LANCET describes it as : " Mr. Benger's admirable preparation." THIS delicious, highly nutri- tive, and most easily digested Food, is specially prepared for Infants, and for those adults whose digestive powers have been weakened by illness or advancing years. Benger's Food in tins of Chemists, ec., everywhere.

!Tif41"1.41153-421°411OUILD 'YOU 11.41A.V0 'SOFT VELVETY 69 , I , I •.. 1,40'1 ect. g ITlien use 14,6 .• ~ ~ , , e,''''. ZE I. will •V ?.... 3. Iv ~,e7' entirely remove all- fZci.t!'•'''' FiatiGFANESS,CHAPSI IRRITATION, etc., in a very short time. Bo M.BEETEAM 8. som. c-HELTENHAz. jst.,tal :rlg2s.6.

1 Ring . . 2 Lengtn) 3 Centre Half 7/8 / 4 Klynker . 6/3 53 Shuteezi . 5/.

Any CAS.,I v Pattern; or Size. ,rizawtietw, 2/3, 21)/- doz. ; Matting Cloth, 2/9,30!- doz. ; Un tearable. 3/13, 40/- dozen.

la, Shiq Guards A KiIICKERS. lI(ALT., LEATirEn) . I /01d, 1/6,1/fl,i White-1/4, 1/11, 2/0, 3/8 per pair Navy-1/6,2/0,3/8 2/6, 2/11. -2, 4/6, 5/0 per pair 1 Ac....„c / CHROME. zot ...... 0 n rt) ' 'Ms Forward' "I‘. " 1110 SCOT ......c;tli 1 ;4, 0/ , 016. Mums. Ir.- pmne et eMma b'r.oe IZ 7- , ''' 6/01 10/6. For calm PATTERNS Alm QUALITI Es, SEE CA.TALOGIIP. lit .Ap iL. OR D SUF.,' OG ' -,.' • ' to, ... S .:„. t .. ~., ..,. , - ..,. , - i CPI FREE fIoirLIVERPOOL

RAILWAY TIME TABLE: JANUARY, FROM WARRINGTON Anton Bridge-7 10, 7 40,' 8 28, 10 20, 12 5, 15, 55 20, 5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altaar and Hillhonss —715 8 35, a 112,1 25, a 3 30. a 4 0, 8 15, el 1585 a 9 25. Elunlays 931 2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L &N.-W.) a 2 58. 23 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 15,25, 5 20. 7 20. 1134. Sundays 258, 10 16, 45,11 35 aMondays excepted. bliondays only Birmingham (21.idland)-5 51, 70,9 58,11 65,12 55,3 7,5 22 55,11 52. Sundays 11 55 sm. 420.5 15 p.m Blackburn —345. 835. 956. 11 42. bL 15, 4 50, 6 26.8 50. Sundays 843, aS 35,6 0.0 via Preston 22 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42. al 15, 50, 4 50.8 28, 7 17, 8 60, 9..40. Sundays 843. 3356 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. Bolton— 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 1214. 1 15, 332. 4 28, 6 43 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 84.3 a.m.,5 15. 767 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 6 45. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays 335.9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays Chestez-7 31, 8 17,9 5,10 23, 1131.12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.20 319, 422.5 7.6 4,7 44,1(2 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45.1 1 35, Collins Green-7 6. 85, 835. 1010.12 7, 2 35, 3 40: 5 15, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 925. 1030. Sundays 843.60. Crewe-52 58,23 23, 110. 828. 9 45.10 23. 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5 20,7 20. 1134. Sundays 258. 10 184 5,1136. aMondays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 95. 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57. 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 844, a,m. 145 p.m. Derby (didland)-5,51,7 0 8 46,9 58,11 55.12 55, S 7, 4 17 522,6 55,11 52. Sundays all 15 &mot 420.5 15 p.m as spot When required Rariestown-5 45, 75, 85.8 25,8 35, 925. 10 13.1055, 11 55 12 7, 1 15,2 35.3 40 3 60, 5 15, .P 33 .7 g• 0 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 Sundays,? 40 8 35.8 43.a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 55 P.m Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25. 9 45, 11 53,1 55 320 515, 6 17,7 41. 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40. 8 0. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 1285. 2 20. 3 15. 422,57. 6 4 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Linesl-7 15. 7 57. 831.9 5. 10 5 12 0 5.2 10, 4 0 529 75. 851. 295, dlO 25,11 39 Sunday 9. 9 55, 1122, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only bSaturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 450 9 55.5 andays 957 a leaves 2 10 on 'Saturday. Golbome-5 45. 7 5.8 35, 1055. 11 55, 1. 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 14 955. Sunda s 8 43.6 0. Hough Green-7 12, 757, 831. 95. a 9 30. 105. 12 0, 15 2 10,4 0,5 29 6 153 6, 715,8 0,9 25,b 9 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 9,31,11 22,2 39. 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 315. 5 15, 933. Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80, 8 35, 90, 9 58, 1049. 1236. 1 14. a 2 ,23, 3 38, 4 11.5 18,6 13. 78, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays 850. 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 252. 75, 8 5, 823 9 26.1055, 127 2.35 3.40 515, 633. 78.740. 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60. 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. billondays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 SO, 8 25, 10 9 11 53, 1 55. 3 20,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 9 55. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95. 10 26, 120, 113, 210, 3 18, 40. 5 55. 85, 911, 10 3)l120 1139. Sundays 4 30, 5 30, 90, 9 55,11 22,2 80,2 39, 7 1.0, 8 28, 9 18 1018, 10 20. 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 60 minutes past the hour. London (L. & N. W.)-2 582, a 3 23, 7 10, 823. 9 45,10 20, 11-57, 1 5,2 0, 5 20, 11 34. tundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, 2d:tondos excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37.12 55, 3 14a, 5 22. 65, bll 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. Mondays accepted. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20,? 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.985 10 49,12 36, 1 14,a2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27 Sundays 8 50, 3 8 8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 7 5. 85. 8 25, 8 35, 919, 9 25,10 40.10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35, 332. 4 26 . 5 32, 64 3 7 17, 8 8,9 20. 10 31. Sundays 3 13. 5 6,7 48. 843 5 15, 60, 7 67 FC.IIII High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)— 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 90, 958. 1049. 1 14. 3 38, 4 11, 6 13. 78, 9 27, 11 40 , unda7s 8 50, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 i Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,7 55, 8 2,8 55, 98,9 55 1055 11 23,11 65, 1255. 155,2 55. 3 55, 455.5 225 55, 6 55, 7 10,7 55, 813, 8 50,9 15, 905. alO 2, all. 15, bll 49, all 59 Sundays 8 45, 9 37. 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 1 18,8 559 25 9 35 10 0, a Saturdays only, naturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 40, 10 2J, 2 55, 5 35,7 20. No Sunday trains Moore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,255.5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 Newton-le-Willows— b 3 10. 5 45.7 5. 8 5, g 35,a9 19, 10 20 IS 40, 10 55 11 55, 12 7,12 18,1 15, 2 59. 3 32, 3 50. 4 26, 4 15. 020, 6 43,1 17 9 20. 9 55,10 30. Sundays 3 IC, 740, 8 43 a in a 35. 5 15. 6 0,7 57 9 54a via Kenyon b)londays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 1035,11 23, 1220. 1 40,3 55 28, 7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 7 44, 6 15. 935 Preston-5 20. 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 42. 11 55, 51 15, 350 4 50, 626 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, 9 54. bleavea at 210 on Saturdays. aSaturdays only. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 9 45, 10 9, 1 55. 3 20, 515, 6 17, 7 41, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 06.9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 '10,288 40, 5 29,6 15, 7 5, 85, 9 25, a 9 40 210 25, Sundays 9 0, 11 22, 2 39, 8 95, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, cMoodays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Slid:and) via Chlnley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 15,5, a 2 55,3 13,4 17.6 55. Sundays 9 37 a m 5 15,a uesdays and Thursdays only. St Helens-7 5, 85, 8 25. 1( .0. 10 55. all 53, 127 c 155, 2 35 3 40. 015. 633. 7 8,7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Sundays 835,8 43 a 9 5. 2 40. 6 0,9 54 a via Widnes Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 33. 11 2, 125 3 30, 4 0, 5736 15,7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 855, a Saturday only. Tlaelwall-6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 35,1 14,a2 23, 3 38, 4 11, 018, 613. 7 8,a7 45,9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Llnes)-7 56, 95 115, 11 5, 120, 15, 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 9 25, a 5 40, blO 25. Sun- -4,53's 90, 9 31,2 39, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays only, Widnes ( L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 828. 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 20, 5 15,6 17, 7 45, 948. Sundays, 95, 40, 80. Wigan— 520. 545, 75, 835, 950, 10 55,11 50, 1 15. al 10 2 59, 3 60,4 50, 5 20. 6 25.7 17.8 50.9 43,9 55 Suncltys, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 9 54. asaturdays only TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 40. 8 52. 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45,7 20 3 3J Sundays 755, am 4 42 p m. Altcar and Hill house-11 24, 12 44, 2 12, 42, 4 13, 5 55, 8 24, alO 17, Sundays 920, 2 21, 8 22. aSaturdays excepted Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10.580 7205 11, 12 25, 2 35 a 4 405 50,7 25.5undays 310. 1240. 7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5. 7 42, 850 11 48. 2 23, b 45,7 15.10 34 11 25. Sunday 4 15, ain4o, 11 25 p.m. Blackburn-8 30.10 413. 12 30,1 55, 34?. 753 a,9 6, alO 15. Bundays, 8 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston lackpool (Talbot Road) —B5, 8 45, 955, 10 40. 11 40 1 40 3m. 8237 0,100. Sundays 7 2. 1 35 5 12, 7 37. Blackpool (Central)—? 25, 8 25.8 57.10 0,10 ,21.11 25, 1 5 8 55,4 58 6 50, a 8 is. Sundays? 10, 115,4 57,8 25. a leave, at 9 on osturdftys Bolton--6 65, 640 7 65, 835, 9 10, 10 25. 12 10. 25,4 15 6 10,5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 p.m a Saturdays only. • Carlisle—al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 945. 12 58, 140, 422, 5 55, 8 42,Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 20.8 41,aMort 1 a vs excepted. Chester-7 25.8 45. 940. 10 12, 10 40, 11 40, 165. 2 10, 3 0 3 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35, 7 35,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,055 Collins Green---6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24. 11 23, 1 38, 2 10, 35. 4, 1. 6 38, 6 23, 6 36,1 47, 9 6. 10 46. Sunday ,ICa.m. 7 15.p.m. Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30.8 13.9 20, 111.6, 11 11, 2 23. 3' 54 15 545 640, 85. 90. Sundays 455. 7 10, 245 4 10, 920 Daresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 18..2 52, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 721. a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby— 812. 9 35. 10 7,1 12. 3 32.4 0,4 47, 7 5 8 23 7,9 35, Sundays 1 25. 7 30, 6 22' 655. als '<neat Mondays. Rarlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 1 12 42 1 42. e '3. 314. 5 1.5, 5 52, 630 7 33, 88 9 20510 36 412 o.Suncli.vs 8 33.5 52,9 57,10 0,3 45,7 24a Saturday oaly. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 945, 12 3, 29, 327 5 4, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 ,2.2 57, 82. Prodsham-7 55 91,10 1, 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 6 35, 657, 831 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 720 p.m. Garston (Cheshir (nes)-7 28. 7 54, 90. 9 50.10 43 12 0 12562 U. 3 2. 4 49. 56. SIL 5 31, 124 9 1 Sundays 8 0, 9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 40, 6 51. R 54. Glasgow-10 0.2 0.2 1. 5 55. 9 5,1045 Sundays 5 50,9 5.p m Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 2, 41, 438 30 712 9 9;10 42 Sundays 9 40.7 5. Hough Green-7 45, 810.99. 103, 1055, 1.9 130 223 3 16, b 21, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 15. Sundays 523.9 20, 323 4.54, 9 4 910. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)—? 359 53,4 59,7,8 50. 11 2) Sandays 10 59, 6 53, 8 50, 10 O.' Latchford 814, 840 9 29,10 2 11, 16, 1 20. al 45. 211 3 0,1 55,422. 55 41. 67. 6 49,7 31,9 42 27. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 23. aSaturdays only. bilaturdays excepted. Liverpool (li4 Barlestownl-52 55. 43,1 53,,' 8 0, 8 35.9 25 11 0,50.1 5. 1 30, 30, 450, 5 35. 75, 8 25, 11 15. Sunday 7 30,9 20. 830, a Kondays only. Haturdays only. Via Widnes (L. 3: N.W.)-6 25, 820, 9 5, 9 50, 12 25, 1 25 2 35.3 35 4 20. 5 20,6 6,8 3). alO 45, Sundays 7 35, 2 0. 7 15 10.45. aSatrarlay s only Liverpool (Chesh(re Lines)-5.20, 710. 7 40,8 20, 8 31, 39 935 10 313, 15,11 20,11 5). 11 53 12 33. 10, I 8 6, 230. 2 40 350 a 20, 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35.7 30. 8 30. 70,11 30 Salem's 1 50, 90. 2 30.250 420 630, 8 30,8 35 London (L &12 W)--5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 2 15 4 3 0 120 sundsys 10 0. 5 30. 12 0. London Midlanll-5 15. 90. 10 5.12 31 2 5 4 0, 5 0, 9 15 1215. Son ay. 3 15.120 aexcept Mondays . Lymm-8 7, 5 32, 9 14. 9 54.11 8, 11.1, al 37. 25. 251 14,b5 33,5 [9,6 41, 726, 933,11 19. Sunda s 8 15,2 25 715 Saturdays only bSnturdays excepts,l, 1115nehester (L & 15.-SV•)-7 45. g 5. 8 30, 9 59 40 10 45 12 15,1 5. 1 55, 2 40, 3 45. 5 50, 5 15. 60, 75,80, 9 20, 10 40 Bunssvs. 8 0, 8 30, '9O. 60. 4040 2 0, .3 43, 1,5 5. 5 20, 65,6 M 525554555 (London-r 01"-7 25.750.9 25. 10 35 12 351 5a , s 77 143 bsslnrdnys excepted. aSaturdaysonly. lidanclusster (Cheshire Ltnea)-6 45. 7 a ~ 330, 50 5. 930 938, 1030, 2035. 11 30.12 30,12 50 13• 2 0 o 110. '3 3°' 4 40, 530 6 30, 638. 30 8 39, 8 11 only nday 8 309 6,930 1::.20,655 358 30,9 40. a Saturday. Middlewich-4 48, 239 86. A s 8319, 4 5 8400r5--6 56.96. 9.12 14,3 47.5 0.7 33.999"4• • , Newton-8 55.7 25.8 42, 9 11.9 29, 10 9,10 22.11 8, 12 40 1 588, 7A 7.448 5 10,' 535 5 49. 8 27, 7 30. ft 0.915, 955 114. 5,11 47,Suadays 8 3). 9 49,10 0. 3 40,7 20 11 62 aSaturdays Only eltillev-7 58, 8 28. 9 3'l. 10 20. 11 24, 12 38, 1 40 0 40. 3 43, s 35, 521.531.622,726,869 32. Sundays 837 LO 8 3 37, 5 7, 9 21. 811561%19-8 25, 1 15. 1 55, 6 55, a 8 55. Sundays, 8108 10 Elftturdsys only. 555.5ne—R 20 8 55, RO. R 23, 9 0,11 10. 11 20,1 25 45, d 30. 5 25,8 10. 6 55. 7 25. 800 1.03). dualsy7 50, 55, 9 5. Southport-8 5. 10 10.11 5.12 25. 1 55, 2 50,3 55, 5 33? 0 •9 5 10 0. Sundays. 9 0, 2 0. 8 0, o Thslwall-8 40.8 36. 918. 9 58, iii'.. 1.15. al 41. 2 9, 5.4 9.2, 55 37. 6 3. 6 45, 7 31, 9 37, 11 23 Sundays, 519, 29. 7 19, aggtur iavri only, biaturdnys excentel. Wigan-6 31. 8 15,9 26, 9 93, 10 0,11 22, 12 10,1 15,2 30 23, 425.5 56, 520. 76. 90. 10 30.

• THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. WARRINGTON FOOTBA.LL CLUB. Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. FIRST TEAM. DATE. CLUB. GROUND, 1931. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford away 6 2 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn home 10 3 Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 16 Hull . home postponed 23 Halifax away 5 8 30 St. Helena ............ name 11 5 Dec. 7 Batley away 0 10 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield 25 Leigh 26 Runcorn away 6 2 28 Widnes away 3 4 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 8 19 4 Hull 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home 5 10 Feb. 1 Salford home 8 Huddersfield 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home Mar. 1 Salford 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan 12 19 Champions v Rest 26 Final Cup Tie RUNCORN. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Ag st Sep.'li 7 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 3 5 14 Brighouse Rangers 19 St. Helens 28 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire 13 3 Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland In Cum. 14 0 21 Broughton Rangers home postponed 25 (Xmas Day) Widnes dway 7 12 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home 2 6 22 Salford home 6 2 1902. Jan. 1 Hull 7. home 19 6 4 Broughton Rangers 11 Wigan! home 8 5 18 Leigh away 0 2 25 Hunslet away Feb. 1 Oldham 8 Brighouse Rangers 11 (Shrove fuesday) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradford 8 Salford away 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie Apr. 5 Cup Tie 12 Semifinal Cup Tie 19 Champions v. Rest 26 Final Cup Tie LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Ag'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Altrincham home 28 0 Oct. 5 Morecambe away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home 16 7 28 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport away 2 0 9 Barrow home 13 4 16 Altrincham 23 30 Millom home 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Rovers 14 Lancaster home 29 5 21 Lancaster away postponed 25 (Christmas Day) Runcorn home 12 7 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 warrington home 4 3 1902. Jan. 4 Hull Kingston Rovers 11 Barrow 11. Lanes, v. Cumberland. In :Lancs. 19 3 18 Radcliffe 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Horhets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home 22 Mar. 1 8 St Helens home 15 Cup Tie. Askam 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 6 Cup Ile 12 Millom away ST. HELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Agi t Sep. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster home 4 0 21 Widnes home 2 5 28 Rochthle Hornets away 9 2 Oct. 5 Barrow home 3 7 12 Stockport away 0 3 19 Runcorn home 0 2 26 Lancaster away 4 17 26 Lancs. v Cheshire, in Lanes. 8 8 Nov. 2 Radcliffe 11 Warrington home 9 17 16 Birkenhead away 5 0 23 Millom away 8 6 30 Warrington away 5 11 Dec. 7 Radcliffe 14 Barrow away 5 7 21 Morecambe away postponed 25 (Chrl,tmas Day) 26 Bank Holiday) Leigh 28 Wigan away postponed 1992. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 Altrincham away 11 0 11 Hull Kingston Rovers 15 Stockport home 13 7 Mar. 1 Morecambe home 8 Widnes away 15 22 Cup Tie. 801 l Kingston 8.... away

THE "CHURCH TIMES" AND THE REV JOHN YONGE. The " Church Times" of Friday's date contains the followieg The Rev • John Yonge, an Ind3pendant preacher in Warrington,bas pontifically informed two of the Dissent- ing sects that they are "the only true High Church- men." Whilst intending merely to strike a telling blow at " the Anglican," he has been 60 unlucky as to give a , sinister slap in the lace to the Presbyterians, the Uni- tarians, the Methodists, the Sweden hra.gians, and all the I other varieties of " Free Churches." It is Congrega- tionalist separation pure and simple, he contends, and nothing else, which has any right to call itself " High Church." All the parish churches, and all the Presby- terian and Wesleyan meeting-houses in the North are " Low Church." All the Independent and Baptist meeting-houses are" High Church." The reason why this denomination of " High Church " ought to be taken away from the Sacerdotalists and transferred to the Independent and Baptist sects, is no less intolerant than it is certainly impettinent. " The Baptists and Congregationalists are the only true High Churchmen," says this amazing dogmatist, " because with them the Ecclesia, the Assembly cf Believers, is supreme." This is to imply either that there are no " Believers" in the English Church, and no " Believers" in any of the "Free Churches " which are not Anabaptist or Con- gregationalist ; or else,that if there be any "Believers " accidently belonging to the parish church or to a Wes- leyan or Presbyterian chapel, they can only be jointed into the one, true, visible " Assembly of the Faithful " by turning Anabaptists or Independents. So rapid is " the decay ofiNonconformity " that we shall doubtless be told, witkin a few months, that the anti-sacerdota- lists are " the only true Sacerdotalists." We are not surprised that the " Christian World " should begin its new series of papers on" The Nonconformist Stand- point " with the frank confession " One of the most curious ironies of history is furnished by the contrast between the founders of Nonconformity and their modern descendants." 1 A Child's Singular Death. An inquest was conducted at the Police Station on Tuesday afternoon touching the death of Alice Smith, aged two years and nine months, the daughter of Peter Smith, a general labourer, resid- ing at 12, Margaret-street.—Deceased's mother informed the jury that at 9 30 un the evening of January let she undressed the deceased and placed her in a rocking chair whilst she attended to a younger child. Deceased fell off the chair on to the jockey bar which was on the floor. Seeing that the child's head was injured witness took bee to the Infirmary whore she died on Sun- day last from a frac uted skull.—A verdict of "Acci- dental death " was returned. a, \ = • .1- •I 1 -00 " • - - , ARCM STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. _IJ GUITARS, VIOLINS, Ac. Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINS, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood ornamented les. 6d. Carriage paid. Best geallty MOUTH ORGAN, Velvet lined Case Is. post free, ARCHER Aim SONS, SD ,; BORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD-STREET, SPOOL. Established 1848

REDUCTION IN PRICES FOR r INCANDESCENT / 7----*,'-: ff BURNERS. INCA NDESCENT /oi MANTLES. INOANDESCENT 1 CHIMNEYS. "--'1 ":"•-• 44 , INCANDESCENT GLOBES. ALL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES, OF DIFFERENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED AT AD .MS 80 ST. JAMES PLACE. WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE. GLASS SHADES AND STANDS. AT THE LOWEST PRICES AT. J. ADAMS. 212, NORTH-HILL STREET, AND 14, SMITHDOWN-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

THE -NEW PRIINCH:RBBIRDY. THERi PION . This successful and highly / , popular remedy, as em- 1 played In the Continental Hospitals by Rlcord liostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others. surpasses everything hithertoemployed for impurity of the blood, spots. blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains In the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical 'salaams- tin, eta. Tberapion is prepared in three different forms Not. 1,2. and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDO) W. 0

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustratedlßook Containing valuable Information how all Irregularities and obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means Recommended by amine Physicians, as the only tia:e, Sure, and Genuine Remedy, Never faia. Thousands of testimonials. Mr P. BLANCHARD, Dalston Lane, London.

DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS If you suffer from BACKAOHB,LUMBAGO.GRAVEL, KIDNEY DISBASB, DROPSY, WIND, WATER COM- PLAINTS. etc., you will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills, Don't delay, try them to-day. If not satisfied, money returned. Is lid all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL. OLEOKREAT YORKS.

disk your rocer for it'? SYMINGTONS- _, COFFEE I.* 4%* • 4t, The Purest ESS:VISCE The theapesr A- and the bey. ire A CUP OR A GALLON CAN BE MADE AS REQUIRED. 'lllUs SYM IN GTON &Co .intißußGita(Lompotst.

Is Wouutalut water prtaaar tor BOOTS & }JAB i d ~, . Sof- Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow poilsh- log with blacking. " GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHES T A WA tID S. Dubbe Tins ad.. 6d., 1/. 6 • 216 of Boot Makers, Sex... Peps, Iroxmoncers 6.c. Mannfvctorr East Dulw:ch, Landon.

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY 10 COUNTRY HOUSES, eac. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. NERRYYIEATHER et SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, YU,

FOR THE BLOOD r"..S THE LIFE CLARKE'S woRLD-RmEo BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. -- "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Miatute It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc light,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally:. Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Bloey4 Diseases Pimples, and Sores dell kinds, its effects are marv3llous. It 1. the only real specific for Gout and Itheuma Me Pains. for it removes the caw from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ils. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro victors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY a;;OOLN. Beware of worthless imitietions

HAVE you • LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Perueos surrounded with inflammation and sivollen.that when you press your finger on the Inflamed part it leavee the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover: but go on suffering tiR death releases you. Perhaps your knees are se. Mien, the joints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and bad medical advice and.b een told your case is hopeless, or advise 4 to submit to amputation; but do not, for L can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no reason I should. Send at once a Postal Order for ts. 6d. to EL W. ALBERT, 7k: Parringdon-street; London, and yen will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certai H n. remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, ousemaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Banda. andA Bunions. atesisteredcopyright.i

;Ladies: . • . . • , Figure . • • • Prominently • . among the most graceful, when wearing the 111 . ~....,... . „... . i ~ , ,• ~. . ~ . ~.. 0 • . . i ~k g• En ~, „ , , ' • ;. 't i 5,,, Ei sonstausar 74' n ~, , i Patent coR 8- - SET. ta-,......._,, , - ......., Beautiful in Construction. ' Unrivalled in Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the movements ol the body. and the side supports are unbreakable. Modelled In iiklerent shapes to suit various types of figures, they yield a must graceful and rounded appearance. Prices, 3/11, 13/6, 6/11, and 10/6. Obtsinable from the principal Drapers and Ladies (mutters. but If any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. Insist on having they .B. Sae-S.lsring Corset—The Best IMPOVANT.—The wear of every J. B. Corset Is absolutely ouaranteed by the SOLF, MANUFACTURER, Jr. Ei. Etz...aqurra, Great Ancoats Street, MANCHESTER.

WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. 1 ' 27.1,74 _Girls eon get a, MOREL. P . WATCH, also a GIZA I .a. d 42, CHARM, for selhng I i dozen paelt“ of ‘l.---- BIATINE at Fivepence each. Send your full address Including name of County, _ '-,,, I,y return mail, and we will forward the Moine post pail, and a large premium list. No money required. BLUINE Co. (Department F 1), • 241, Gipsy Road, West Norwood, London. S.M.

_ DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrate a all over the-worla as the most salea-h-a speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins Bandy or other Deposits, Rom in the Bladder, Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, sepposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. livery package bears the Government stamp, wiih the words, 'WALTER DB Boos, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Lion. Commissioners. Price Is. lid. and 26.9 d. at all Medicine Houses, or poet free from Proprietor/ Holford House. Holford-sauare, Leman., vi.ri.

p: . The greatest of all Tonics. AiW40.401w,, • , . , • ~ Is the most powerful nerve and recuperative Tonic known. it removes Mental Depression, want of Tone and Nerve Power. It has remarkable, Health-giving, Strength-giving, Energising, and Rejuvenating properties. It is an unfailing remedy for Neufalgia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Anaemia, Brain-fag, Depression, Impoverished Blood, Rheu- matism, Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza, Nervous Head- aches, Debility, and all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. No other Medicine has received such absolute proof of its extraordinary properties in restoring Shattered Constitutions, and in giving back to the prematurely aged New Life and Energy. ROYAL COMMANDS. Phosferine enjoys the distinguished honour of having been supplied by commands to MEMBERS OF THE BRITISH ROYAL FAMILY. H.I.M. the Empress of Russia. H.I.H. the Grand Duchess Olga of Russia. H.M. the King of Greece. H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Roumania. H.M. the Queen of Roumania. H.I.H. the Grand Duchess Serge or Russia. H.I.M. the Dowager Empress of Russia. H.R.H. the Grand Duchess of Hes 11.5. H. the Hereditary Princess of Leiningen H.I.H. the Grand Duchess Xenia of itassia. And the principal Royalty and Aristocracy throughout the World. Proprietors, ASHTON and PARSONS, Ltd., 17, Farringdon Road, London, Bottles, IR 2/9, and 4/6. Post free, 1/3. 3,1-. and 4/9. Sold by all Chemists,Stores,&e. The -7/o siz^ contains nearly four times the 1/11 size.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest Stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarged to 160 pages, JUST PUBLISHEO. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer cf Glass. Stock lists free on application. H. MORELL, 17 arid 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W . • • Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Nears Karl, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : Rabbitry, London."

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such a:. COCKLiI3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, •` and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, • as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as :he bet.—Observer. *.) "--\\,(NKL •,„ FREE cROM MERCURY A :..-.1-718/Lious OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. -;.:zor BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

I TUB WANT Ol.' TUB DA2 MAKES STA/WHIM LINEN LIME NEW. • , .0 R IT Cl-1 l EY'S'Prift-GrTra= BOON ever 0 feted to the Laundiess for imparting an Ivory finish to Starched . ' e ...- Linen. Laces, etc. & S .s. does not stick to spider. web - like materials. . : Once tried always .i,_.. ?., ri,_ ._ : wanted. Used in the lA'RtitcLO , "... 0, Roy a I Laundries. .- Should be used iu house. Sold by most by Starch Sellers in Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only :T. CRITCELLEX, 4 Blackburn.

BIRD'S CUSTARD - POWDER BIRDS CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable dietf or Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS I NO RISK I NO TROUBLE

‘ ' Y ARS PROVEN EFFICACY.. k' TAKI - - -__•• -,-, i'-',:\zwitt.ED ff• - ' '4,\TC.I,- 140UND • 1 \ ; , Itess oiflP° ','i • assence inSeeb )46.4 , or • OVil,r ' kY .#71%. ...F.,;. • 01/GtiS , `. oo r. C o ri - 11,,,.." 6.0 4,,) "II . . ~, .1..' •• 4" '2.",,,, ', on - _ ........,. 4:l .t.' T:ROll5Cii. : I U- -- -

I( t

00 All ,EMISTS LsoucHour 6REATBRout a me Cana • INUN C.ATHARTICUM PILLS. 0 0 0 FOR INDIGESTION 8. ITS EVILS, SICK 11EADACHES, BILIOUS DERANGEMENTS. &e, AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. KAYS TIC PILLS CURE EAGEACHE h NEU:ALGIA. VERY SERVICEABLE IN NERVE COMPLAINTS. - AVOID /hl/7AT/ON3.

r EMIER"CYCLES SPECIALITY—HELICAL TUBE. Premier in name and premier in iv:actin= ever since Cycle, Descriptive List Free: Easy Terms:: WORKS—COVENTRY.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING! FRIEND TowLE,sPEaNNsYTREOEYLAL PILLS FOR FEMALES. (MICR= CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS MO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1/1i &39 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE 64 Co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Ifeware of Imitations, injurious and worthless.

.., ~ 44' -- ' c ... „ 1 t . rA'‘, - - II . : ' ti . "1„ ,;,, ,f.' • : ' 0 . . 401NTMENTO CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 33, Oxford Street), London.

FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING, and all S?ORTIE10 REQUISITES may be obtained of EffEA 4' no WI 4311..ik lita :4141ke .7-`°2ll The Cheapest, Best, and Most Liberal Rouse in the Trade. LTD.

THE "REFEREE" THE "HOLBORN" 4.2 i)l6 „_,-,-7t.----_,,.. 1016 (All guards strapped across.) 613 .:.-. 613 .7? •E.*, •,(ep,.., II $' (II" it,': 0 -.4 I • i, C.; 0 • —, y . 1 ,-, , , .' . i* 7•4`q.: ).!'.: 4: •v ~,, ,!, ers7 Ao.me. , Also •'' h ' xrarr_ Also ( 1!;::' I Also -11(11 nriciki :. Also co ...., . _ _ _. -, nu.LIILL - N. ~, 1 r , Ii v Luvrul- tx 0 , ,-., - - Rugby li--16_,:z„,.. .. , Rugby .7 •' . Rugby ~ Rugbyc _ ...,--ffp 'dA TcH v,t+•.‘' o 0 • ~,,,. ...--,..,,,., 7.,-- „....-. ~ sj_tm ... j....;.... ...lAWff. 0 No. Perfect in shape. Waited Seams. 1' -1; . - rrTetae4=l::::; iUussttl !e'en:a serviceable csae I letT•wglr beat cow-bide ru er WatikrprOOL straps and buckles ...9jd. etlaler. Every section stretched and. lined chanois 2. Leather No. 't size ... ... ill I No.o (match size) tll 0 3. Leather, i ... 1113 hammered. 4. Tan Cape, lined chamois 213 " . i . e size —•7 13 .4. Shin and Ankle Guards, from 2i- Postage 4tl. in each case. 5 Price 10,6 post free. I Postage Yd. For other qualities see list. COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) est HOCKEY STICKS. § eg 112tion Ash. plain ... . : .. •w min. 'G. ;K " .41rP,.1111aL,ie, in cable for 4.1 Es' ble .- ' ' tih.,‘ -sr .11Ps ladles &'youths, 23 0 Illbr- ‘` firm grip and 4,1 ' . A Ltegu'ation Ash. a 'Tn. bound handle .a.ll A ---- --- -•-• - ' •ort, '% ' ......... weigia..3,- •••• • .: Ruseet Calf. Strong Hemp. steam tarred, wood pegs -. 924- / .fi. t Men's, 13111 Ditto, web iron pegs and steel rope .- .. 35/. Youths', 7111 Very stout Hemp cord, steam tarred. wail '‘.l iii., • 4. qe „ ct, Best Ash all Best quality wood pegs ... •. .. ... CP- cane han.dle, a 8 k. _ ...., to iveriir, Ditto, iec,a 7 ict iawlim.."il -,..ai steel ceogpse and ';troli.. 451- bound and •4•,:.‘ C>4.4 polished, equal ~ (41,, Scotch hemp head lines ... ... ... ... .g.. 31f- to any club in the '''.. Chrome, market*llweights. , : ' guaranteed FOOTBALL SUNDRIES. rce,4lo waterproof, n ft 6 Leather Ear Guards, 1/10. Cape, 9,8. Postage td. ,D°•..., ruwinthe and n The ri'ffir,LPerllß,',re....ll ... . , 10113, 12/13, Football G m pe Goals, fro 121- r set. Carriage extra. UNIVERSAI.." Boundary Sticks, with hags. 12i- per dot. Carriage e 04.919419" son"Cbiri d,o, Lrf_en's ill; ILT,r, 4111 erne. " extra light, Football Flags (any colour), 416 &GM doz. Post. 3.1. Dent Ash 41' 3 9 Brass Intlators, from 100. Postage ad. and thi. 1 Strong Web Football Belts, with double straps and .. .. (extra Stott) ... 71- buckles, 100. I • Postage on singlc, st irk, 34. • ....ma- lusommullo • 41111111.0110 - 8 ............. 1 „„,;. .... ' - 2 ~ _ , 6 ~ „ • ..1:1-'.1;!:;:i:11,C.4 Ise stated ~ 0 1 ~ .fC. 8 6301e1l

FOOTBALL KNICKERS. (Wltle I Is.) 441511"111121Bilin' W/lignadowll,ll4 Strong Botiogrin, NNNNI.? wllite, 1110 \ White Lambskin, 2110 Navy Blue e.irong Berge 114. WM, 2111, 3111 All Wool. extra \ VaailsittisX,' tai WEptra iteFetlanronnger Postage 3a. pair, 2 pairs 44.

which took place. This was the second time during the eight years he had been a member of the Council that his business house had been mentioned. He could safely say that there was no member of the Council who could say he had transacted any of the Council's Lusi- nese on his premises. Mr KNOWLES said be had no intention to offend Mr Halton. Mr HALTON said they had had quite sufficient. Mr KNOWLES ; Nonsense. Mr FoissuAw said they must attend te business before pleasure and he put his resolution to the meeting. On a vote being taken Mr Forshaw's proposition was carried. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr SEPHTON reported that during the manth there bad been 26 births and 13 deaths, the death rate being equal to 12 per 1,000 against 10 far the corresponding period of last year. An outbreak of measles had occurred at Buttonwood and application was male for the schools to be closed. As 70 per cent, of the cnildren were absentees it would be desirable to close the schools. This course was agreed to. This was all the business of interest.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS AND PERFUMERS, LARGEST, BEST AND CHEAPEST CHEMISTS IN THE WORLD. NEARLY 300 BRANCHES. PUREST DRUGS, AND PERFUMES. TOILET REQUISITES OF BEST MATERIAL AND ELEGANT DESIGN. THE BEST SCRIBBLING DIARY EVER PUBLISHED. Boors SIXPENNY DIARY BETTER THAN MOST DIARIES SOLD AT DOUBLE THE PRICE. STRONGLY BOUND. THREE DAYS ON A PAGE. INTERLEAVED WITH BLOTTING. ENGLISH PAPER AND LABOUR THROUGHOUT. Boors PICTURESQUE CALENDAR FOR 1902. A DIFFERENT VIEW AND MOTTO Fos RACE DAY OF THE YEAR. A GENUINE WORN OF ART, WHICH SITOULD BE IN THE POSSESSION OF EVERY LOVER OF BEAUTIFUL ENGLAND. PRICE NINEPENCR NETT. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS 5, BRIDGE-STREET, wABRINcnoN. 33, BRIDGE-STREET.

LIGHT! LIGHT!! LIGHT WHY SIT IN DARKNESS WHEN YOU CAN HAVE AN INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY BEADY FOR FIXING. TO ANY GAS BRACKET FOR Is. 6D, SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 40, RAM 48. 3D. PER DOZEN. NOTE OUR ADDRESS : THE WORLD'S INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING CO., 17, BUTTERMARICHT-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

THINK OF YOUR SOLE and heel this coming winter, dive into 5, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL, and have your feet covered with a pair of A RTHUR EVANS' 6a. 6D., 89. 6D., or Twelve Bob Boots, BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF THAVALING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH cans COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR 394 OD 41, DALE-STREET. Also 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

OR r I EST-CLASS PII,IVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Anpointments tinneoeezirybut, way be TEETH. All consultations free. T EETH Mach patient infworoinnie: re dtu%irr:tend the cost . TEETH. Gold ard other fillings at moderate charzee. TEETH. An M.D., ',leo Lady Attendauts. TEETH. P7,nless Exotreirroaass hitherto by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentist, of 13,760ma11en, weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Nx.4.1( . MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... ...GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON sANHEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RTITvcORN, 31, BRIDGE-STREET TIIITESDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICE__IB, APPLE MARK ET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

MAURIAGES. SiiimacK—HoLLsmn—January 18th, at the Parish Church. Warrington. by the Hey c4rioo Willie, George SIMCOCk to Hannah Holland. WiLicitssorr—DootEr —January 20th. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rey A S Cameron. Samuel Wilkin- son to Alice Dooley. DEATHS, • RODEN—January 17th, at Orford Barracks Warrington, Maria Matilda Roden.. aged 37 years. BurrroN—January 17th, at Brackley-street, Warrington, Btattedat6D4uytetaorns-.street. Warrington smWmiLli_amji.Bnuuartrovni . Alfred Smith, at Clegg-street, Warrington, Sarah Howard-street, Warrington Tickle. aged 32 years, 20th, at Tlcards—Ja d..3,y 3y2eciatrhs HlLL—January , James Hill, aged 3 years. STUBBS—January 2Gth. at Ashton-street, Warrington, Jotin 6 Stubbs, aged 63 years.

FRIARS GIitHEN, Warringtoa OPt 'mite Aspley Station, Alio at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (late 'levant:l2oW '. S. T. WARD AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, SCO„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Pouts, Headstones In Cfranite, Marble, anciStone. Deeigns and listimates Free. LBTTHR CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.
