===== 0002601_19020815_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
' qrREAT NORTHEBN RAILWAY, (IRELAND. -- A WEEK IN IRELAND FOR A WEEK.END FOR EL INCLUDING BOAT (SALOON), RAIL AND HOTEL pOz. CHARGES. -4 LIST OF TOUR, DAYS AND MODES OF DEPARTURE, APPLY ro R. W. S. hic.4.I.FIVE, 37. IMPERIAL CHAMBERS, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL,

===== 0002601_19020815_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4 , . ...... .. ~,.. A . „„...____. l. •S'. ',% / ': I, 'el .-:0' r'''' ': 14 \ . , , thl 4111 11 1:';') ".. i). ;14 t 1," _ r'Nt 4 il ( 1 . 0, i 4, c l' i . Nil 0, I l'i '' , i I 'At . 4 'S :, ''')r f\.?' . , - itur 4,..,__, 1. , . lb • .. ..•

ONE PENNY.

FRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1902.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BRWSRII-STRBET, WARRINGTON

Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

FRANK DAVN, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. CESAREWITCH ,tnd CAMBRIDGESHIRE ETC. A palls Price List issued, showing latest market changes WRITE FOR MY GREAT ST. LEGER CIRCULAR.

A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

;lay

BY Posr I. 1 734 d per Quarter, 6s 6d per =um Xs 9d per Quarter cred.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1218.

----------k\ wHITE STAR LINE ~„ .s., ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. . • ' LIVIIRPOOL to NEW YOUE. via Qdeenatown. wED:TESIDAY BFRvir.F. rluDay amino?. MAJESTIC ...Wed., Aug. 20 CELTIC Fri., Aug. 22 GERMANIC Wed., Aug. 1'.7 CYMRIC Fri , Sept. 5 TECTONIC ...Wed., Sept. 3 CELTIC vri . Sept. 19 OCEANIC ...Wed.. ept. 10 CYMRIC Fri.. Oct. 3 Third Class pasSange at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to IFKLY. IstnrE, and Co., Liver,ool, 17 Coenspur street, S.W.. and 33, Leadenlaell Street. London., 8.C..

WEDDING RINGS.

GUINEA GeLD

WEDDING RINGS.

INACTIVB MAUS, QTAR SPPCIFIC co 3 FOR INACTIVE OR sLuaciism MALES ENSUIVAq FERTILE EGGS. STAR NON-MOISTURE INCUBATORS HATCH every fertile e2g. STAR BROODERS rear every chick. No added moisture, self supplying lamp if wi.hed. STAR POULTRY FOODS, the bast an! e3siest to use. No waste. STAR SPECIFICS CURE all diseases. Oae disease, one cure. ' Send for full descriptive e traiogue end learn low to MAKE YOUR POULTRY PAY. HE TAR AGENCY LTD., 10, DUKE STREET, ADEL,PIiI, LONDON.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ODuratton.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ELSH POOL GliA J,l M Alt SCHOOL.— Comfortable y,' home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester retereuces. Through trains.

1 • kJ". PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A SPECIAL OFFER ON THE CORONATION DERBY. £l.oou TO 2e. 6D. WITH EXPENSES TO LONDON AID BACK AND FRE?. SEATS TO VIEW THE CORONATION PRoCE6SIoN. SEE THE "TURF REGISTER," SENT POST PEER ON APPLICATION.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
BOTTLING AIDS BEAUTY SO 2I7CH AS BBAUTIPUL TEBTII. NEW, DAINTY,

ARTIFICIAL TEETH, FIT FOR A DUCHESS. 38. TO 215. EACH. 306. TO TEN GUINEAS PRE:SET, UPPER OR LOWER CONSULTATION FEEL TEL. 7892.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. W. JONES,

DENTAL SOR4BON, (late of 13 Parker Street) NEW ADDRESS, THE ARCADE 85, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRI7A

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments. Unnecessary! but may arranged__ TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Mach patient int ore- NI beforehand of work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderato charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extract:lon as hitherto by the of Marcus (Jalde. rETH. Maker to Dentists of MOM weekly. Ilitors, of the late

J. H. PARKINS

(Drarrirz Zy EXAM.)

MANCHESTER-...-46, MOSLEY-STRE3? (Telephone IWO).

MR. IkiADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ----- --GEORGE-STREIa M0NDA1,9.30 a.m. to 6 par. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STILEET WEDNESDAN, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORniWICH— 18. APPLRAIARKET-STREECT FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
IR out!).

----_-_--,---..-,_------. 08%1 be f Ad vanced2lso,ooo oAnT IT 3gagi e or cent sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J W READER. 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182

E9TABLLtHED 1875. 210 ILlli7Alrr:lccreßdiateavvadvggilßotinsTOTM REPAYMENTS. NO PERU MINAILY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished:is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always candicted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. XING-STRBET. HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWOATE-STRBET. CHESTER.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respeot• able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise 0 pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CE:m mem STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this &ddress Twenty Tears.

'THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66. VICTUMA-ROAD. WIDNES. , ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COM- PANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25.090, LOANS OF £5 TO .2510 are made from periods of one month to three years. upon persona! security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount requital, and the position of the appl.cant. Als, upon Deeds of Property. Building Society Scrip. Policies of Assurance, to, FOB FURTHER PARA:ICI/LABS APPLY TO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WADSWORTH, 121. Mersey Street.

BY SPBCIAL ,aOl op MR. WOOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Ras been duly Lieenied by the Board of Trade to Adrana Cash In Sums from £5 TO I'soo

- - - - To all respectable Householders. Farmers, Cow Keepera, and all others ; any distance ; to be repaid by easy payments to salt borrowers' convenience. Having done business in this district for 10 years, which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conduoted. Call or write for prospectas. which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving the trouble of a journey. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

===== 0002601_19020815_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
MONEY LENT PRIVATELY

From £lO upwards—and payable by instalments may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has received MANY HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him.

- -- For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus' terms for Advances. or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter. to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT; COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHESTER

===== 0002601_19020815_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS

DR. DAVIS'S

FAMOUS PILLS. HAVE RAJ A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMAN KIN D.

They are universally- known to be the beet lteznedy for Auxmia, Debility, Depression, Wet,icieu• and Female Ailment.. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes 9id, Is lid, 2s 93, 4s 61, And Ils, or under cover

from the Pi oprirtar : 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W.

CYCLE INFIRMARY IS VIE SHOP Te TAKE TOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRI, NO I,N TOO sMALL OR TOO DIFFIC VI, T. ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW.HOUSS. RFEE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. IMES EE-REBBERED AND ER-LINED EQII4 To NEW IN TWO . DAYS ALL WORK GITABANTEED.

Cycles built to order from Perry's /ladle., 8.5.& , and batr Lee tttings, agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS. D.. IT., GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19020815_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Mu DOUG 4141.2 S PILTRIST SELF-RISING FLOUR MITZII,I THE EXAMINER FRIO Y AUGUST 15 1902

===== 0002601_19020815_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUSTRATED FASHIMI.

During the holiday season the everyday use- fulness of the blouse and skirt- costume is more than ever realized, for there is a sense of well- being and comfort in this style of dress which is not to be gainsaid. It also offers .such un- limited scope for many variations of toilette, and in this way appeals to us more particularly when our desires do not coincide with the limita- tions of a dress basket. It is so difficult to get everything one wants packed into a usual sized box when setting out on a few weeks' or a month's sojourn in the country or at the seaside, especially if there are one or two picnics, boating excursions and possibly a few small dances to be expected. Here it is that the possibilities of the blouse and skirt present themselves, for by the aid of a well-cut tweed or serge skirt, to- gether with one or two of a more dressy and diaphanous description, and some pretty blouses, ranging from the morning shirt to the afternoon and evening elaboration of silk, lace, and chiffon, a girl can always look smart and well-dressed. Fashion, too, has always been kind to those who, not possessing a maid, have to do their own packing, for both blouses and skirts this summer are made beparate from their linings. and so are not nearly so difficult to fold smoothly and neatly as they used to be. Tissue paper laid between the folds of the materials and stuffed into the sleeves of blouses or coats pre- vent a great deal of crushing and crumpling which otherwise is unavoidable. The pretty

V0450'4' ; ' 1/14 s • tz' %T.47lllUsnonmq ‘11!:46.N` "I: II( A • - C.. 1411, (L, ,v,; 'A • ~11/ lse s • 1 9 \ • • 4 k: H I

===== 0002601_19020815_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY BLOUSE.

blouse sketched is of printed muslin trimmed with lace and tucked. The design is a very °harming one, and is becoming to any figure. The collarless blouse is indeed pre-eminent this season, with a square-cut lace yoke stopping short at the throat line. This style shows a rounded throat to advantage, but certainly should not be adopted by any one past her first youth, as it is generally on a woman's throat where the first signs of age show themselves. A lace collar should be worn finished at the top by a narrow piping of the same material as the blouse itself. Narrow turnover muslin collars, with a dainty Mock cravat, look well for wear with morning blouses.

Cravats are simple and mostly of the stock kind. The charming blouse illustrateA is made of spotted Bretonne net, with a lace yoke. It is trimmed with Valenciennes lace and insertion, and has a large chou of emerald green satin at one side. The sleeves only reach to a short distance below the elbow, where they terminate

a .. , ~ ...i. A, ' A . . • . (itir 145111., • \‘.. r, k, • - 4.. 6V ' 41 i ./.1 ‘1 ~, ... • , '. _it ‘ N 4 .......,...... -••- • tjP"..------ \VA'. I.''' , 1 k-.. • .. \

===== 0002601_19020815_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER DAINTY BLOUSE.

in a double soft frill of net edged with lace. 01 course a blouse of this design when worn for visiting necessitates the wearing of long gloves of soft suede, which are so becoming to a well- shaped arm. Indeed, it is a pity that the mode for wearing these long ruffled gloves has been neglected of late, as for both summer and winter wear they are comfortable and becoming. Their existence, however, is synonymous with the fashion for wearing elbow sleeves, and as these are now a vogue smiled on by Madame la Mode we shall hope to see more of these dainty articles of dress.

Crystalline is a charming fabric, and, as its name betokens, very light and diaphanous. Another fashionable material for blouses is a fine silky sort of muslin, with a shot or watered look on it. It is termed " Lumineuse." Blouses

are still made plain, but there is an enortaous amount of fine handiwork expended on them, some of the models being so tucked and ribbed and lace encrusted, that little of the original material is left to be seen. Batistes and lawns make up very prettily, and require only a little lace as a trimming. It is, however, an undeniable drawback that so many—indeed I might say all the -nicest blouses fasten down the back. It makes them much more difficult to fasten when one is in a hurry, while they do not keep so flat and in place at the back as those that are buttoned down the front or one side. The last blouse of the trio is designed for evening wear, and is a simple little arrangement

TOE EVENING WEAR.

of silk and lace. It would be found easy .to transform such a blouse into one for afternoon wear by the addition of a yoke of lace arranged .over white chiffon, which is fastened to the figure by tapes from either corner tied round •the waist.

Hairdressing is one of the niceties of appearance to which many girls devote too little attention. The manner of arranging the coiffure is becoming mere and more a matter of individual taste, but a well-dressed head will make any woman look smart, whereas the contrary will ruin the most elaborate toilette. French women have realised the importance of this fact, but not many English women. The style of dressing the hair in a knot en the nape of the neck is certainly more suited to the fashionable hats, and is very becoming ;to some, though not quite se universally as the high eoiffure where the hair is drawn to the top of the head. It does, however, seem more suitable that a woman should display "her glory" to all admiring beholders rather than conceal it under a large picture hat.

COQIJETT.

ample lire arr - - .2. ..... ,-...,‘ rv•_,ii ...,.,,,......vitio, '1 'll i % ~.......1 / IS k il lIINI\ .

===== 0002601_19020815_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Coronation is over at last, and its happy con- summation has brought a general sense of relief, as if a great difficulty bad been overcome. There was a feeling abroad almost approallaing to euperstitious dread that something untoward would happen, and owing to the doubts entertained, it was not until two or three days beforehand that the street decorations were. taken seriously in hand. These and the illuminations were almost, if not quite up to the original programme, and the weather, though dull and overcast, kept fine. There was an entire absence of sunehine which only once more seemed to show bow unfortunate the King has been in the matter of weather on public occasions since his accession. Still, though a little summer brightnes• would have been welcome, it was fortunate that it was not a broiling hot day which would have tried the King, and the distinguished assembly at the Abbey almost beyond endurance. , If only the Coronation could take place in the after- noon, or, better still, the evening, bad long been the cry 'of tbe Peeresses. but it was not to be. For once at least- in their lives, the fortunate recipients of invitations to the Abbey bad to be up at dawn, admit the coiffeur, and don the regulation white gown and robes, not the most becoming toilette at that hour of the day. But if few of tbe Peeresses looked their best, they had the satisfaction of knowing that for once the fact weuld pass unnoticed, all interest being centred upon the King and Queen, the Royal Family, and the ceremony. The King's message to his people on the eve of the Coronation breathed the same spirit which made Queen Victoria's letters atipear as if personally addressed to every one of her subjects. With great charm and grace it expressed his Majesty's heartfelt appreciation of the sympathy that had everywhere been manifested towards him, and his gratitude to Divine Providence that the prayers of the nation for his restoration to health bad been beard. This was the keynote of the message, but it also emphasised the King's view of his life. As originally purposed, there was too much evidence of a desire to simply make it the occasion for junketting and jellification, but the Coronation was celebrated last Saturday in a very different mood, and it is most grati.l tying to know that the King was able to bear the fatigue of the ceremony in the Abbey without any undue strain on his strength. Many well-known people in Society, intend leaving for South Africa later on in the year. Lady Sarah Wilson purposes to return to the scene of her foimer adventures, and also Lady Howe. Some simply seairo to visit the last resting place of those they loved, but many who usually winter abroad, purpose going to South Africa instead of following the beaten track to Egypt, India, and other places. There must be much to see that is of' especial interest—so many scenes I and p`aces made memorable by the war, that it is not I eurprising that " globe trotters " are turning their attention to that part of the world. Moreover those seeking a healthful climate will find all they could desire on the high veldt, and Johannesburg bids fair to become a poptlar resort for people of rank and fashion, during the coining winter. Even the House of Lords is not free from the domestic servant problem, and there seems likely to be a battle royal between the two Houses of Parliament, over the Principal Housemaid of the Upper Chamber. The post carries with it a salary of Ws a week, with apartments and furniture. The Treasury however, seems to have decided that it could not afford the furniture and the Office of Works seized and removed it. Whereupon the Lord Great Chamberlain submitted that this proceeding " was not fair to the housemaid," and a reqeest was made that the furniture should be reltored. Moreover assistance was soueht from the Select Committee on the House of Lord's Offices, who, in the event of the Offic, of Works remaining adamantine on the point have empowered the Lord Great Chamberlain to furnish the Teems himself_ It is a pretty quarrel between the two estates of Parliament, and meanwhile one cannot bele feeling sorry for the housemaid who has been deprived of the use of bee furniture. . .

To make the loose looking rosettes, so much in de- mand for trimming bats for travelling, the seaside, or country, one needs a twelve inch square of panne, soft satin, velvet,or silk. This must be shaped into a circle, and lined with muslin. Then another circle,the size the " pouf " is required to appear when finished, must be cut in stiff muslin,and the large circle gathered en round tie edge. When lightly tacked here and there in the centre, the rosette is ready to fix upon the hat. Black tulle is appearing on much of the daintiest millinery, and is also employed for the airy fairy bow which appears so frequently at the left side of the neck. This latter, for outdoor wear gives a pretty finish to coloured as well as black toilettes.eA more charming hat trimming than black tulle, it would be impossible to imagine. It is sort, cloudy, and becoming, it invests a hat or tcque with a poetic suggestion of mystery. But alas, a shower, or a suggestion of mist, leaves nothing hut a sticky wisp of black, and therefore those women whose dress allowance is limited,would do better to pin I their faith to the finest Brussels net, which, if slightly less effective,is very much more durable. The new travelling capes are being cut longer this year, some indeed reaching almost to the feet. They are not so full as cur old friend the golf cape, and fit well, though loosely to about the waist when they fail into a few folds below the knees. Hoods are con- spicuous by their absence, but no one will deplore this fact, as they are seldom of the slightest tre. The one deep well shaped collar, which is a feature of the best apes, can be turned up, if necessary, when it well pro- tects the neck and face. The fabrics employed are all rough, some exceedingly so, simple strappings of cloth being the only trimmings employed. Many housewives, with the best possible intention to keep their rooms beautiful with flowers, have no more idea of preserving them than that of placing them in a I vase full of water. A little carbonate of soda, however. added to the water will keep them fresh very much longer, as will also a little powdered charcoal, on which the etds of the stalks should be allowed to rest. Faded flowers may also be revived by cutting half an inch off the stem, and plunging the stalk for a moment into boiling water. Of course where one has an urlimited supply of fresh flowers such care is not needed, hut I when they have to bejbought, a good deal may be eave by such little attentions. MADGE.

Tim COLD AUGUST. —A London reporter bas been Informed at the Meteorological Officee that up to now the current month has been the coldest August for 30 years. The maximum temperature on the first ten days has been :—August 1, 66 degrees; August 2, 69 degrees; August 3, 67 degrees ; August 4, 65 degree; August 5. 76 degrees ; August 6, 68 degrees ; August 7;69 degree; August 8, 68 degrees ; August 9. 60 degrees ; and August 10, 64 degrees. In no year within the las: generation did the August temperature fall below tbe? highest temperature recorded in this list—viz.,76 degrees. _ . _ _ _

-The liquidator of the Isle of Man Tramways ap-plied to the Clerk of the Rolls in Chambers on Tuesday for authority to grant to Mr check, the purchaser of th undertaking, a further extension of time for the com- pletion of the purchase, and his Honour extended th, time to the 14th of November. Mr Schenk has paid on account £50,200. The unpaid purchase money, £69,800. bears interest at the rate of five per cent per annum,and the sum paid as deposit is liable to forfeiture in the cas of non-completion of purchase.

EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

ILLUSTRATED.

KING EDWARD Vitt.

late Queen." With tte exception of those apartmentl which were in the personal occupation of her late Majesty, it is the King's wish that his people shall always have access to the house which must ever be associated with her beloved name. As regards the rest of the building the King hopes that it may

If i i 1 fri i WI% • . .):1314. 011t-11111 1.1 i it/274,-. -. , " il\liVall.-11--30011:'1-. ~,ci.it ' ! [ , / ,J, ,t , 111 i 'ti.4: II L' I 1 I': ';' '?. -2 . • P's4V44)•n;:cilli ii - I I,*. 1-1,..:.. . , i Lt., i d roti. 111 . 1 1., °'-'Y I%N.,Pr- ' .Igr, At 011414 97111 T 'III 1 I lk f-- 41, I! i'v L. --fir,..l 11 I f rill .II , ([l4.'l'. ' i.4"' • Ili. , .itt.,.-.“. ' ' N. i -1440171-dithr,.; .-v." ~,1 1 ~.....„_ i.,, ......:. ~. A l'''' ' / 4. Y'5,,,,.. -' Y.` - '1 cz J 1 ...,, A,,il;i4,,viT.,4TH'',i-$4l. •.. ,_.l '' -.—'l ''---.,,,•,, .. . -.; ..ti :, 41010. ;4,7,,,,,,4 eg,lt. 11111t1.4 ti I 1 -- iii.%, •-•',2, v ..114 ' ? 'r 4 • Vir , erg •estaeq g if ft, ' , ' e ,0,:;)!..) . . , ,-, ... • ''' h ') ). ; 1 4 . OPI , Li 4 , Ot i tt.; • , , •. .. ~... i.;:74 ' 44 . N,,... ,7. • ~ :•• ... 1 v„4- , -f, .c, ~„t i * ti r- .4 t , .• :,,,...;, . . 4yr....,.,,,,,...„„,............,..„, , „..,..A..." 3 ~ • V, 1 -.. ,-,. As. , - • ',16- --75„r11-311Ys'. 0.,,, V) ~.-1,7...J 1 . 114 \ -,. .. ..1,... itt 0 --Atm, lut 04, ' i) n , 1.. \•, .:0111 :t, I,‘ t! ". li"-.. ''. 13 ,: ;, • '4 - ~-.. •iti..y,„ il 4, ~.,' ,„- 14 i 0.174--.:_. --......-- ~...;Lci.,::„ ~v c r ....._,,,i,,,.,,„: ~,,,,,.....,.. ~... ~,,,....,..„... , , 'L‘.l,lt.. r(‘'.'. ' ..'l'‘ ' ' a I ri ',.,m... --ik..! - 9-A ,v,-.--_-;-, ~.., - , ~ ~,,,.. 4'.(ftic,-',..3 ~.. . - . ,:t ' •-,-•, ' ' , --::---147-4:;-,-7:.' • .ip:P ...-, ...- ~.i t..i, 4..7. . 4,11,' , .. 4,, 77.-2', ,' ,:‘,41 .(•• , ..•• ..„..ni......... - ~, \ -•,- ~...I\ka .., # 1 lii, yi• '',:,., N \.,,,iw..., ' i'if N.,:';:z .. ~.1=....,11 -,1 7., t 7 ' ' sifillii :'''' —ii!.: i, ' ''' - . s• ' '7! ,', • -,fr: .4i lly 4.:., ,1 : 7:. . ri,r,,,iii,lll :.'i ;;C:••,.:::',.,.."..• t / .4' 0 ' :2 ... T. ' ' : :'- '; %.. (',', J 1 I ....... -.....' ' , ' ''s 4 ,i . , .. u . ,"iiii. -it : ;:., , ,:3•1 ) W, i • .....,_-_,..-. , • id/ I .1.,—.. _.w7,, 1\ : IV," ix , ._ i;,,' 1 ' ,•1Z5i,.. 17 ti. :; / I li 4:::::, , ''..%0 t -- I ' ....t • ir r-i*Trr--•*-7-i -77. ' '-, - ' '--------; " larj1:41111111140t.--.1.,..1,-. ....';'.Z ;...4,4,,,,',1,.... .-•1..' ,:z4• 4 ::,..... ••••••.- __ _ _ . .. ..,.. ~. ~...oiogoll.''nl•-"- 411,--- -„„..i0mem.,,,..=N..,„,,,,7-„.\..:......."......•'''`., -• • . • -..."- ',..' - ... . , .•'•-- 1111i1111111k. 11.111.111....."- ..............." .%'•.•_.,%--..-- .••••:.' .......16 •). .......z.....-....7-4'„, - - ~.t.' ....---•--- , '') ‘=/: • .L _ .. '''''• ii - - _...„,..............••• ' • .....1_%," -je........... S -•-•11“.. : ......1001.i......"-'-s. . _..-...-_.e..,..0r...-•• - _........" , . ..-.........--------7"r_- , ••••::r.••-...../•• . •• • • Z4.1.•.' ''s.i., •".'f';;•-• ' , ' • • • - •`•• • -

i h., J , I ai •) 0 A ...Y.A.: '-' 4 L.,.. _._,-- 4:1`; ' ' n.1.M., 14' utwilitorrfoo • ---f•-•-• . , _ , A MT fiI:Z.444OFFI. ^ •"----, 7 7=----7.'"'' - -,"---'--7--im- ' _,_,,,,, ..,,..,-.."....a,„..........:_-- ___.— _____,,,,,ims

===== 0002601_19020815_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
OSBORNE HOUSE, ISLE OF WIGHT

WEIDE TEE E.LIG HAS PRESENTED TO FIIE NATION. be devoted to national purposes land converted into a convalescent home for officers of the Navy and Army whose health has been impaired in rendering service to their country. The estate comprises about five thousand acres, reaching far towards Ryde by the sea shore and /to the vicinity of Newport inland. It includes terrace gardens and grounds of surpassing beauty. The sudden death of General Lukas Meyer is regretted by many people in this country who had come to know and respect the gallant Boer leader during his recent stay here. It was only a few days before the fatal attack of heart disease that he left England for the Continent, and then from Brussels came the tidings of his death. The General was Assistant-Commandant General during the War, and was one of the men who, associated with Mr. Schalk Burger, suc- ceeded in fram- ing the terms of settlement which eventuallyproved acceptable to both Briton and Boer, and re- sulted in the longed-for peace. General Meyer was very favour- ably impressed with the beauty and wealth of

agricultural England. He and ricls Mrs. Meyer re. ceived an invita- tion from the

NEI ,EYER.

King to attend the Coronation ceremony in the Abbey. The general replied: "I very much regret to say that we cannot avail ourselves of the invitation. We should dearly have liked to stay, but urgent medical advice compels our going to the Continent Immediately to take the waters." In conclusihn he said they hoped to return to England in October prior to going back to South Africa. It was at the house of an English friend that the general died.

In the reconstruction of the Government no very startling changes have been effected. In some instances the important offices in the Cabinet have not changed hands. Mr. Ritchie, however, as had been anticipated, becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, whilst the vacancy at the Home Office is filled by Mr. Akers Douglas. The Earl of Dudley succeeds Lord Cad°. gan as Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. The RT. HON. G. WYNDHAM. EARL op DUDLEY. MR. J. ATJBTEN LORD CHAMBERLAIN. LONDONDERRY. BT. RON. COL. sut A. AKERS-DOUGLAS. W. H. WALROND.

THE RT. HON. C. T. RITCHIE.

THE RECONSTRUCTION OF THE GOVERNMENT:

805/E OF THE PRINCIPAL MEMBERS OF THE NEW MINISTRY.

Duke of Devonshire retains the Presidency of the Council, but relinquishes the Presidency of the Board of Education, which is taken by the Marquis of Londonderry. The Right Hon. George Wyndham, Secretary of State for Ireland, is raised to Cabinet rank, and the like honour is bestowed upon Mr. Austen Chamberlain, the new Postmaster- General. On the other hand, the offices of Lord• Lieutenant of Ireland, the Chancellor- ship of the Duchy of Lancaster, in which ,Col. Sir W. H. Walrond, Bart., succeeds Lord James of Hereford, and the First Commissioner. ship. of Works, which falls to Lord Windsor, no longer continue to carry with them seats in the Cabinet, as was the gase during Lord Salisbury* administration,

.4, i m II . . _ 017,' A .N' ~,,k'AN ' "iikAV •; .A., . \kVAlk. •-•-‘lCit4d: THE LATE GENERAL LIT 21—

===== 0002601_19020815_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] A QUESTION OF TEXPERANENT BY MARY L. CAMERON.

PART 1.-CHAPTER I.

"Isobel, come and look ! A man has absolutely got down from that rattle-trap old conveyance that goes by the name of the ' Posta '—and more wonderful still, he is going to stop here. They have handed down two portmanteaux and a bag of unmistakably English make ! Don't make a pre- tence of being indifferent, but come quick and look at the top of his head." Catherine Wood was leaning over the balcony of the Albergo Boon' Amico, turning her head back now and then to speak to her friend in the room behind her. _ _ _

"Certainly not! We shall probably see quite too much of him, if not more than we wish to, in the near future, if he is really going to stop here." "How distressingly reasonable you are, Jsobel Considering we have had the Albergo all to our- selves for a fortnight, and considering that I have watched the pasta arrive every day, and that nobody has ever done more than poke a head round the corner of the great leather hood and stare vaguely up and down the flight of broken steps we call a street here—considering and considering—l think you might take a little more interest in a new arrival."

The posta rattled and jangled away, and Catherine came in from her post ot observation and flitted about the great bare sala which ran front back to front of the Albergo, on the first floor, and out of which the bedrooms opened. Isobel Knight sat writing near a window at the further end, which commanded a view of a pine-clad ravine with a torrent boiling in its depths, and beyond it an amphitheatre of rocky peaks. " Why doesn't the padrone bring him up stairs to choose his room?" said Catherine, impatiently. " Perhaps he isn't going to stay here after all," paid Isobel. - "Don't be aggravating! He must stay here, the posta has gone on, and there is no other Alberge in Cima."

At this moment the door leading to the stair-case was thrown open, and the landlord appeared, ushering in a clean-shaven man of middle height, with a mobile, sensitive mouth, and wide-open blue eyes ; he was followed by three or four of the officious loiterers who hang round Italian inn doors, each one bearing a separate article of baggage. "This gentleman is your compatriot. These ladies are also English,', said the host, with the rather embarrassing but well-meant effusiveness of his race. The girls bowed and the new-comer murmured something vague about an unexpected pleasure, and then he was led off across the sala to one of the bedrooms, followed by his ragged regi- ment. " Well, what do you think of him?" asked Catherine, sitting down opposite to Miss Knight. The latter lifted her eyes from her writing, and said:

"I think it is very fortunate that you have a respectable, serious-minded friend here to look after you, that's what I think, Miss Wood." Catherine Wood was the youngest of four sisters, all tall, dazzlingly fair, and reputed clever. Each in turn had gone up to Cambridge and taken degrees with brilliant success, and then the three elder had disappointed all the professors and prin- cipals who had predicted triumphs for them in intellectual fields, by marrying comfortable country squires or prosperous stock-brokers, and lapsing into domestic obscurity. When it came to Catherine's turn she declared, with the want of respect for her elders characteristic of the youngest of a family, that she was not going to throw awa7 the advantages of her education as her sisters had done, and insisted on going straight from college to take up a secretaryship in London. After a year's hard work she fell ill of the influenza, and was ordered off to spend a summer in the mountains to recruit. It so happened that her friend Isobel Knight had just completed her three years' training as a nurse at the London Hospital, and was equally in need of rest and pure air, so the two girls were packed off in charge of one another, with. directions to re-appear fat and well-looking when autumn set in. Leaving England in June, they were well ahead of the crowd of holiday-makers which the last days of July sets loose on the play- grounds of Europe, and wandering southwards, were the very first arrivals at the village on the confines of Italy and the Tyrol, in which the Albergo Buon' Amico was the only hostelry. When Antony Haig returned to the sala after washing off the dust of travelling, he found dinner was laid on the round table in its midst, and that the two young ladies were just taking their seats; his place was laid beside theirs, and by way of beginning the conversation he asked whether they were going to stay much longer at Cima. "We must stay here till we set out on our return journey to England," said Catherine. "The fact is we recklessly spent all our travelling money, except enough to take us home again, during the rst month of our holiday, so we must sit quietly here and economise for the rest of the time. Luckily, Cima is the ideal Alpine village of which we have always dreamed, so we have made our- selves quite happy here, and are having what the Americans call a lovely time." "I hope I shall not interfere with your happi- ness. For I have to wait here for my—for a friend, who is rather an erratic being, and I may have to stay some time. I will try to make myself as little objectionable as possible," said Mr. Haig. "1 daresay we shall manage not to bore each other too much. Perhaps even make common cause and regard new-comers as interlopers, as first arrivals at hotels usually do," answered Catherine. "You make me feel very uncomfortable." "I meant nothing personal. We were rather wishing to be disturbed, weren't we, Isobel ?" "Mr. Haig may be wishing,the same in a day or two," said Isobel, looking up quickly at him and as swiftly withdrawing her glance. So far Antony Haig's attention had been chiefly taken up by Catherine Wood. Her large waist, eolumndike white throat, wavy golden hair, and lon, arms and legs, impressed him as very Greek, and the same time very modern ; sometimes he thought about Clytie as he looked at her, and anon about a heroine of Bjornsen or Meredith. This charmed him; he thought "the proper study of mankind " was woman, • and the more sphinx-like characteristics she had the better. Miss Knight had rather repelled him at first sight ; slight, small, dark women are often brisk and sensible, and Antony hated brisk, sensible girls. Now, however, he surprised something in that quick glance what attracted him. Isobel's big dark brown eyes, so dark as to be called black by most people, had a certain veiled look, an almost imperceptible film, the note of the Oriental eye as compared with the glassy brightness of the southern European. It is common also to the cat and the tiger. In such eyes are possibilities, unpleasant ones often.

"So much the better," thought Antony. "There is nothing to disiover in an amiable woman." _

And he turned to Isobel. "Do you really take me for such a blockhead?" he said, leaning forward and looking very seriously at her. , "I suppose I thought Miss Wood was rather' taking things for granted." "Miss Wood instinctively felt that we should be congenial companions. lam sure she did. Women always feel correctly on such points. It is a gift counterbalancing our slowtkr method of reasoning. You will see that though )you may not like me q better the more you know (I am not such a fep as to presume that), you 11 find that we have subjects and interests in cb mon which will make intercourse interesting, and I hope asreeable to us all."

Isobel looked at him again, as he hopea she would, while he was speaking, but this time her eyes told him nothing, they merely blinked at him like a cat's. Antony turned to Catherine, but she had pulled a book towards her, and resting her elbows on the table, leaned her forehead on the palms of her hands above it, so all he could see was the crown of her head surrounded by an aureole of fluffy fair hair. He felt quite in his element; these girls were not going to give away all their ideas and opinions without an effort on his part which would count as a victory for his tact and insight. "Now between two friends, as between a married pair,",heauffeeted. "there is always one saddled and bridled, and the other booted and spurred. Which is whichrin this case? I wonder how long it wilt take me to,find out."

During the next few days Antony Haig succeeded in making the two girls feel quite at home with him ;.he had a straightforward and at the same time Unobtrusive way of showing that he felt plea. sure in their .society which they could not be ungracious enough to despise. They walked together, _ took their meals together, and in the

evenings discussed all imaginable subjects from the most opposite points of view. Antony had been sauntering about Italy all winter and had a sheaf Of carbon reproductions of the old masters over which they spent many hours of argument and appreciation. Catherine's auda- cious and capricious taste was somewhat of a trial to Antony; he approved a bold rebelliousness in matters ethical or dogmatic, but in art he was strict to severity, and regarded one who would criticise a Botticelli or refuse to bow before a Car- paccio or a John Bellini, as a heretic not even worth faggots to the burning of him. And Catherine not only sometimes refused to bow at the right shrines, but would insist on admiring works whose florid and redundant technique caused Antony a shiver of disgust. He would have been more hopeful about Isobel's ultimate salvation, for she never advanced crude opinions, and listened atten- tively to all expositions, but for her persistence in reading books on art, a weakness from which he vainly tried to wean her. "You should devote yourself at your age to see- ing and judging things yourself, thus cultivating a power of judging soundly, and not confuse ourself with second-hand appreciations," he would ray. "I like to know what other people think about things, and I don't care about torming sound judg- ments," Isobel would` irritatingly reply ; " Miss Wood should please you, she does not trouble her- self about other people's opinions." " I fear Miss Wood's judgments are a little too like prejudices to be quite sound," Antony would reply ingenuously. One wet day he came into the sala from his room where he had been writing letters and found Catherine at her favourite window, watching the humours of the village street, and Isobel reading. "There is a break in the clouds; I believe it will clear up in a few minutes. Do you feel inclined for a walk?"

"I am too lazy," said Catherine. "And I am too industrious" said Isobel, settling herself again to her book. Antony perceived he would have to take his. walk alone, so he started off along the high road, finding that the bye-paths up the mountain sides were converted into running brooks for the moment by the morning's pouring rain. He had not gone very Car when he saw the Posta rolling and rumbling along the road towards him. As it came near his attention was attracted by a passenger who sat on the cross seat behind the driver. He was a lean nervous looking man with a long moustache and hair prematurely sprinkled with grey. The recognition was mutual. . . . . . .

"op'! arreteiz ! feinate !" cried out the stranger to the driver. " Why, Haig ! You here ! This is a piece of luck ! " and he jumped out of the vehicle.

" Where are you staying?" "At Citna, the next village on the road." " I'll walk with you. What is the name of thE inn you are at ?" and after giving directions to thE driver to leave the luggage at the Buon'Amico, tin two men walked on together. ,§ What sort of place is this Cima ? Worth mak• im:f any stay at? I am on the wander for my holiday, stopping wherever I find anything that charms lee.'

"I think you will like it. Undiscovered bF the tourist, it still preserves some local colour and charm—beautiful walks in every direction and— two very interesting girls staying at the Albergo.' "There I recognise my friend Tony. What magnet do you carry about that always brings interesting women around wherever you are ? " "Quite an accidental meeting, I assure you ; I found them in possession on my arrival." "Pure luck, then. Now, wherever I go, the women at the hotels are generally the wrong side of forty and as tough as old turkey hens. It's deuced hard, for my holiday is the only time in the year when I have the time or the chance to cultivate the society of ladies, and I never get the ghost of a look in during it." "Well, stay a while at Cima and share my lusk, as you are pleased to call it." As the two friends returned to the inn, Catherine and Isobel were on the balcony. "Here is Mr. Haig with the man whose port- manteau came out of the Posta,' I presume,' said Catherine.

"The friend for whom he is waiting evidently," added Isobel.

"Which is he, an old young man or a young old one?" wondered Catherine. "His general appear- ance is young, but his hair is quite grey." "He is an old young man, ii you put it that way. He cannot be much over thirty, but something has prematurely aged him," decided Isobel.

1

===== 0002601_19020815_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION a

The great day which wilt make the year 1902 memorable to all time has come and gone. Edward VII. is a•Crowned King, and the emblem af Sovereignty has also been placed upon the head of his beautiful and beloved Consort. London has witnessed many a moving spectacle, many a stately procession, and many an enthusiastic demonstration of devotion to a monarch, but never a more in- spiriting and impressive scene than that of Satur- day last. Their Majesties' brief progress through the streets of the Capital was marked by an avation of unparalleled exuberance. The cheers of the crowds which lined the streets through which the pageant passed on the way from Buekingham Palace to the Abbey and back again, expressed not only intense loyalty but heartfelt joy and profound gratitude that his Majesty should have been spared to see the glory of a Coronation. Right well the mighty multitude voiced the Empire's gladness, and that the Bing and Queen were deeply touched by this unmistakable proof of delight and love on the part of their devoted subjects we all know. The street pageant, illustrating so effectively the military strength of the Empire, and representative of every portion of the realms over which his

THE KING AND QUEEN IN THE STATE COACH RETURNING FROM WESTMINSTER ABBEY.

Majesty holds sway, no less than the brilliant ceremony within the Abbey, wherein were gathered the highest and noblest in the land, will over recall to memory an event which, to quote the words of the King himself in his gracious message to his people, the Sovereign looks upon as one of the most solemn and important in his life. The procession itself, beyond the presence of their Majesties was such as to evoke the deepest feelings of British pride. The warriors from the South African veldt, associated with bronzed sons of India, and the sons of the Mother Country from Canada, Australia, New Zealand and remote places on the earth, caused such a depth of feeling that cheers could not adequately express. On the ceremony within the venerable Abbey we cannot dwell here from lack of space, but as will be read elsewhere, King Edward and Queen Alexandra were crowned with a majesty of ritual such as is the heritage only of great nations. During the week his Majesty has been almost as active as before hie illness. Early in the week he inspected the whole of the Colonial forces at Buckingham Palace, much to their gratification, for it would have been a bitter disappointment if they had had to return home without having paraded before their Sovereign, and received their medals

TYPES OF COLONIAL AND INDIAN TROOPS WHO FIGURED IN THE CORONATION PRO- CESSION, AND WERE REVIEWED BY HIS

MAJESTY THIS WEEK.

I, 017RIZZA Imam. 2, TRINIDAD LIGHT DORSI. 3, RONG-NONG. 4, WEST INDIAN. 5, BENGAL LANCERS. 6, NEW ZEALAND. 7, CANADIAN. 8, MADRAS. 6, FIJI. 10, SIERRA LEONE. 11, AUSTRALIA.

from his own hand. The Indian troops have also been similarly honoured, and will go back to their native land happy in ccnsequence. The Naval i3.eview at Spithea.d this week-end will be a brilliant affair. In fact the ceremonies which will take place will be far more interesting and imposing than those planned for the end of June notwith- standing that there will be fifteen fewer ships. The Review itself will present few new features, but the subsequent moving pageantry of Monday, when all the hundred or so ships in column will steam past hie Majesty will be a magnificent sight. His Majesty did not allow many hours to elapse after the day of his crowning before he showed how sincerely he had been touched by his people's sympathies, and how cordial is his appreciation of so spontaneous an outpouring of loyalty, Monday morning's papers contained the an. nounceraeut that the King had signalised his Coronation by presenting OsbOrne House to the public. It is a truly regal gift, and one which appeals directly to the sentiments of the nation, for, as his Majesty says in his letter to the Prime Minister, the exquisite Royal Palace in the ovsly Isle of Wight is "sacred to the memory et the

===== 0002601_19020815_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ances to him, and he listens arid enters these 'dem- and comes out and walks on as if it were all a matter of course. Certainly he has made himsell one with the people in a way that no common- place philanthrophist has the least idea of doing." "He must have a wonderful personal attraction," said Isobel.

Catherine said nothing more. She was looking out of the window; the moon had risen and the jagged outline of the ridge beyond the ravine showed black against a luminous back-ground of grey blue sky. Away to the left, one peak lifted its head far above the surrounding mountains. Girt about with unsealed precipices, its lonely heights stood out in the cold clear moonlight, beanttiittl and unapproachable. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19020815_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A MAN WHO WAS NUMB.

At Sharpness, Gloucestershire, a young man named Phillips, employed in the locomotive department of the Sharpness Dock Company, has undergone a somewhat startling experience, which originated in an insignificant manner. His account of the matter has beee published as follows :

"I first felt a strange numb feeling in my left hand two years ago and then partially lost the use of it. Early this year the same numbness extended to my legs, and yet it W 33 painful to set my feet on the ground. The feeling was horrible, and I could not make out what was the matter until it progressed, and I found I had incipi- ent paralysis. Owing to the lack of control over my limbs, I had to cease work in January, for I would fall down while on duty. A doctor tried a galvanic battery, but I felt no relief. I then went into two hospitals without result, and was discharged as incurable, my hand still useess, and only with great difficulty could I walk."

" But your,appoar to be all right in spite of the doctors' opinions ?" remarked the representative of the " Dorslev Gazette" who investigated the case. s• Yes," answered Mr. Phillips, " but that is due to Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. My mother persuaded me to take the pills regularly, and after a while—would you believe it P—my arm ac & legs began to regain power, and that deadly numb feeling vanished entirely. You may be sure that I continued the pills, and after perseverance, I was enabled to recommence work, to the great astonishment of all who had heard that I was paralysed and incurable. I fee! as well now as I have ever been, and can do a hard day's work with anybody. Though some of the best medical men were powerless to do me good, Dr. Williams' pink pills gave me back my health." Mr. Bert Phillips is an athletic young man of twenty, and resides at 11, New-buildings Sharpness. Be is an active member of the Union dongregational Church and is held in great esteem.

When such severe cases as this are entirely cured by Dr. Williams' pink pills it is not surprising that they are used with the greatest success in many minor ailments. They have repeatedly cured ansemia, indigestion, biI- iOUSUPSB, eczema, rheumatism sod sciatica, and have restored health in such serious disorders as " decline," consumption, paralysis and locomotor ataxy. But only the genuine pills cure—known always by full title, Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, on every box. Sold by all dealers, or supplied by the manufacturers, Dr. Williams' medicine company, Holborn-vilduct, London, at two and nine a box, of six kr thirteen and nine, To buy substitutes is waste of time and money.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESEIIRE ASSOCIATION. CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP FINAL. DIDSBURY V. WARRINGTON.—ThOSP affiliated districts met at Leigh on Saturday to play off the fi sal tie in the fifteenth annual championship competition. The first four gams yielded 67 and 85 points respectively, the narrow majority being in favour of Didsbury, honours being divided. Wins came in to Didsbury more rapidly in the second part of the event, only one of their players fading to reach the goal, and he within a single shot of the desired mark. Three of the Warrington side having dropped 18 between them, the closing portion of the • encounter was entered upon by Warrington being in • want of 13 to bring about a tie. One point was pulled off by the first two trundlers, but aftetwarde recovered in the two final encounters. Score : DIDSBURY. WARI3INGTON. JO Howe Fellowes 7 14 Williams I Mitchell W Wells J W Coombs 2l J Harrison lB -- If Sampson 2l. J Allison l6 J F Wells H Moyle - J Chetharn 2l J. Willett l6 J Taylor A Mara 2l T Bolton l4 It Williamson 220 21 WARRINGTON LIBERAL CLUB V. WIN.\ INGTON PARK. Ployod at Warrington on Saturday. Both teams wpro somewhat weakened owing to the match being played on Coronation Day. Warrington won by a majority of 53 points, but on the two games Wilmington had an advantage of 19 Scores : WARRINGTON.

WINNINGTON.

5. D. P. D. J H Warren II Dainteth A J Jones T Locker ll T Goodwin 1 3 W Crltchley B J Mitchel H Williams R Whitfield 7 11 }.13 G F Freeman W Patrick J Middleton I, Baker E 11 1 - S Reeves 13 8 1 ' c i•5 W Painteth 11 M trrovv- J Rigby 149 87

- - 117 65

===== 0002601_19020815_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
FISHING FOR A PUMP.

A St. Helens Water Static) n Mishap.

--- Very early in It 19 year Messrs Robinson, Cocks and Co., who had contracted to supply pumping engines and pumps for the two bereholes that had been made at Melling with the object of providing an addition to the St. Helens water supply, lost a huge iron pump down one cf the boreholes, which is 500 feet deep and only 3 feet wide. The pump was worth about £2.00, and the contractors have seven' times attempted to fish it up, but without success, Deep-sea photography failed to afford adequate information as to the position of the pump. Meanwhile, the Corporation became impatient and called for completion of the work. At yesterday's meeting of the Water Committee, Mr Lackland, the engineer, was able to give the welcome news that the pump had been raised, and would shortly be placed in position and the work completed.

Mr Ritchie the new Chancellor of the Exchequer has appointed Mr T LiewEllyc Daviee to be hie principal private secr€Lry.

CADBURY' COCIA is nighly nourishing and easily digested, repairing Waste and preserving health, It is absolutely pure and uutampered with, being eatiralv free front drugs. alkalies, or any admixture. CADBURY'S is a perfect food, suitable for all ages and all seasons of the year

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS. &C.—For Varicose Veins and WI cases of WeaknesWand Swelling of the Legs, Sprains ; they are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive ring are drawn on like an ordinary stocking. —Prices 4s 6d, is. 6d and 10s 6d each. Postage free.—WHITE AND WRIGHT, Sur- gical Instrument and Truss makers, 98, Renshaw-street ,top of Bold-street, Li-

ItIiDOCITION IN PRIORS FOR

INCAPTYIitseIiAT BURNBRS __ _

.....- I;NCANDESOENT MANTLES. INCANDESCENT CHIMNEYS INDANDESCENT GLOBES ALL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBE OF' __--THEENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BEMATCLIED OR EXCHANGED

AT ADAMS. 80 ST JAMES PLACE, WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SILVERED PLATE GLASS SHADES AND ~STANDS GLASSE FOR GRAVES ,&c. AT THE LovqcsT PRICES AT 212, J.NORTII.IIILSTADIA:.IB, SMITHDOWN-RA

( 4tv, Av ':A•,.---:' Da-

===== 0002601_19020815_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.LIVERPOUL.

-

===== 0002601_19020815_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER II

After the dinner the new-comer, whP had been travelling all the previous night, went 6" his room and Antony irnmediately asked the girl, : "How do you like my friend, Harry Coverclale?" "Very much," said Catherine. "I do not quite make him out," said Isobel. "He is very fresh and simple, as if he came from the depths of the country, and there is something eager and almost timid in his manner to us, show- ing he is very little used to being with ladies, and yet he lives in London. I cannot understand it." "I will tell you about him, and I think you will comprehend. Coverdale was with me at Cam- bridge, he was a very brilliant fellow and a great favourite, and when we left the 'Varsity it was expected that he would Make a name in the world. Then 1 lost sight of him for a bit—l was travelling in Egypt and Greece for a year or two— and when I returned I found he had thrown up everything and was living down in some loathsome slum at the East-end, spending his time in hunting up the children and getting them to school and - starting clubs for working boys and girls. I went down to see him once or twice, but the place depressed me so I really had to give up going there. He has two little rooms in a block of workmen's dwellings, he has made them nice with all his books and a few pictures and so on, but the howling wildernss of passages and staircases and the dreary grimy street outside, and the rags of garments hanging out of the windows, and the blowsy women and hideous shock-headed children and sodden degraded men hanging round the public-houses at every corner! Ugh! How any man of education and refinement can bear to live in it, I can't conceive !"

"Is he a socialist? Oh, I do hope he is a ociabst," cried Catherine, flushing and beaming with eagerness. " Why on earth do you hope that?" "I have so wanted to know a socialist, a real socialist you know who lives up to all his opinions. I have met with lots of drawing-room ones, who have Fabian tracts on their tables and talk either

about collectivism or the perfect life. And at ambridge; London socialists in queer hats and jaeger shirts used to come down to give lectures and say rude things which people never quite knew whether they were to-take as jokes or earnest. But to know a "warranted genuine" socialist personally, has always been the summit of my ambition." "I am afraid Coverdale does not quite fulfil your conditions. He knows and is on good terms with most of the leading socialists as he is with the Ritualist parsons and the Salvation lasses, with everybody in fact who is really working hard amongst the poor down in his slums, but he doesn't call himself by any name. He has just two fixed ideas. One is, that you can't do any good to people unless you understand them, and that to understand then!, you must live amongst them; and the other, that the only way to get at the seething masses of corruption, rotting in our slums, is through the children, that only through them can permanent good be done." "I understand that if a generous-minded man once gets imbrued with the reality of London's misery that he gives up everything else to spend himself in the effort to save something from the wreck of our civilisation," said Isobel. _ "But is

not Mr. Coverdale's sacrffice unoecessarily great i Could he not use his gifts#nd education to influ- nee others lees sensitive, to do the drudgery, who would feel the weight of it less. One can see it i eating his life out, cheerful and full of spirits as he iß.e, "I rather fancy worth tells more, the worse are its surroundings. It is very curious to walk aboun that neighbourhood with Coverdale. He'll tak, you down courts and alleys marked black ir Booth's map, places where policemen go in couples populated by criminals and people who have touched the lowest depths of poverty and deE,,ra• dation add he is not only safe but liked and trusted by these worse than savages. Sore-eyed half-naked children ,get up out of the gutter as he a sses and patter beside him taking hold of hie . finger or his coat tail and looking up in his face, and he is so used to these little attentions that he hardly interrupts his talk, but just gives a smile here and a pat on the head there in recognition ( women run out from dark doorways, creature: with faces like vultures and forms hardly human it their deformity and dirt, and catch him by the gym and drag him aside and pour out their giiiev.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

Coronation Memorial Gift by the Mayor. .

A meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, the Mayor (Mr J Charltoa Parr) presiding. There were also present :—Alderman Roberta (deputy Mayor). Aldermen Sutton, Monks, Franconab, Shaw Green Councillors Smethurst, Bennett, Ellison, Baird' Barton, Greening, Burton, Roger, William Roberts* James Evans. A J Jolley, A Jolley, Duncan Shillcock, Malkin, John Evans, Tinnion, Sampson. Btough, John Roberts, Hulse, with Mr J Lyon, Whittle (town clerk), Mr Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr Longdin(borough surveyor) 'Mr. W S Haddock(gas engineer), Dr Gornall (medical officer of health). THE CORONATION OF THE KING.—THE MAYOR'S GIFT. . . .

The MAYOR said, before proceeding with the business of the evening he felt that he must advert to what he was sure was uppermost in their minds as well as in his, and that was the momenteus event of the crow nip of the King and Queen on Saturday last. (Hear, hear). When we looked back to a shott six weeks,tnay even to the las: Council meeting, and contrast the then and now, our hearts were filled with thankfulness to God for His goodness in restoring our King. Then our beloved Sovereign was on a bed of sickness suffering, and he need cot remind them of the sorrow and anxiety which filled every breast, how day by day and hour by hour they scanned the reports of the physicians and doctors, hopine and fearing, and bow the nation, as a nation, bowed the knee to Almighty God in humble supplication for the life it loved se well. And what have we now ?—our King restored to health and crowned with his beautiful and gracious Queen Alexandra, under circumstances and surroundings of grandeur and mast- nificence perhaps unequalled in our annsls, while the voices and hearts of the peep'e of the British Empire in every part of the world throbbed in union with the prayer of" God save the King." (Applause). Ens Wonsan. then read the message of thankfulness from the Bing to his people and said :—lf I may, I should like to take this opportunity of saying what had been in my mind, but which circumstances as you well understand, have prevented me saying before ; that I hope in course uf time to present to the town a memorial of this auspicious event to take the shape of a marble bust of the King—(applause)—to be placed in the Town Bell as a lasting memorial of the Coronation, and as a token of the love, admiration, and thetclevotien of his Majesty's loyal subjects in Warringtoe. (Renewed applause.) THE LATE MR. S. CHANDLEY, The MAYOR said that he regretted to hear of the death of Mr S Chandler. who was at one time a very active member of the Town Council and also mayor o the Borough. He begeed to propose a resolution to the efemt that the Council received with deep regret the announcement of Mr Chandtey's death, and expressed its sincere sympathy and condolence with Mrs Chandley and family in their bereavement, Alderman ROBERTS seconded, and said he asaosia ted himself with all that had been said with regard to the deceased gentleman. The resolution wee carried. OPEN SPACES. Tat, iftLAM-STREET SCHEME. The Street Improvement and Lighting Committee re- commen Jed : " That the plan for the laying out of the site of the old police premises submitted to them on July 3rd be approved." The committee also recommended " That the sum of £BOO te paid to Ur George Vernon, for the purchase of premises at the Corner of Fennel- street and Dial-street." Alderman SUTTON MVO, and Councillor BENNETT seconded, the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor TINNION asked what was intended to be done with the site of the all police buildings; was it to be merely an open space, paved, or planted? The Cem- tnittee might have given them some information and an estimate of the cost. Alderman SUTTON replied that all that had been de• eided wee that there was to be an open space. The streets would be widened. Nothing further had been done. Councillor IINNION proposed re an amendment that the matter be referred back until further information had been obtained as to what was to b 3 done with such a valuable piece of laud. The Chairman of the Com- mittee did not seem to know exactly what was going to be done. Counciner SMETHURST Seconde3, and contended that an estimate eheuld be submitted to the Council. Councillor W ROBERTS said a resolution had been Passed almost unanimously by the Town Council giving inetrections that the property ehould b 3 taken down. The Council would be best able to determine what ought to be done when the old buildings had been pulled O c wn. (Rear, hear.) Councillor BEN NETT said the I'. give-ion was the laying- out of the site. The Council ougnt to have some definite idea RS to what it was Proposed to do before they finally committed° themselves. They were going to make the street 50 feet wide and not 60 feet, which was the mini- mum width for main streets in Warrington. They were told that a width of 60 feet would spoil the street, but he did not think 80, as there would be an open space in any case. The matter had not quite hai the considera- tion it ought to have had. (Hear, bear,) The MAYOR said that perhaps the resolution did not a exectly explain the position of matters. Ne definite Plan bad been fixed upon eto how the land was to be laid out. As far as matters had gone a chain or curb Would be erected. . ' Councillor Dotes EVANS said the Mayor had explained the position of affair& An oppert enity would be elven to the Council to fulls, discuss the laying out of the ground when the building hadeeeen pulled down. The DEPUTY MAYOR thought the proper course to Adopt would be for the committee to! Come beforet the Council with a plan and an estimate for laylne 01 he ground. The Ceuncil'were committed to taking down the building and to providing an open steece. Atter some further discussion, Alderman Sutton with drew the resolution regarding the site of the old police nrcmises. Toe demolition of the building will, however, be Proceeded with. The other minutee were then confirmed. BEALTFI COMMITTEE. A FEMALE INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES. At a meeting of the Health Committee en July 16th ...It was resolved : " That the recommendation of the ,Aledical Officer of Health for the appointment of a lemele inspector of nuisances be approved." Alderman SUTTON moved the confirmation of the Minutes of the committee. The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded, and said the subject of a female Inspector of nuisances had °nagged the atten- tion of the committee for a considerable period. They had amassed. through the Medical Officer ot Health,con- , I . , ezes iaod:eyvr _ianbtel bee Convinced tt thhaety informationitsh wo should lgda as extremelyat odt hetosutchedeeei stir S i r afrobtfl iefi similarfao r cv mmmaanapn 'llePector. (Hear, hear). y- • er Dointments in other towns, and the committee were . teesons which he need not name—for reasons of deIi- 'DEPUTATION EXPENSES.—NOBLE SELF-SACRIFICE. Councill Menem (alluding to a resolution of the

.

committee that Councillors Baird, Smethurst, and James Evans, with the Medical Of dicer, be appointed to attend a conference on the Housing Question at Port Sunlight, on an invitatiou of the Garden City Association) asked ! what the deputation intended to do. Councillor W. ROBERTS.—The visit is over. (Laugh- ter.) Councillor SMETHURST Said he went to Port Sunlight at his own expense, and the visit took away his scruples with reference to voting that the police buildings should loci pulled down. He saw the benefit of open spaces and the beautiful manner in whieht certain land had been laid out ; otherwise he should have opposed the pulling down ot the old police buildincs, because he knew a man who would have given £2,500 for them as they stood. But he (Councillor Smethurst) thought health was better than wealth. (ear, hear.) Councillor JAMES EVANS.—Cafortunaltely or otherwise I did not go. (Laughter). Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS —Only One went. Councillor MALKIN.—Tbey ought to be censure 3. Councillor W. ROBERTS.—I went and paid my own expenses. • the minutes were carried. SANITARY MATTERS.

The Sanitary Works Committee resolved " That tenders be obtained fir new dryer for Longford Depot, and that the Finance and Estate Committee be requested to provide the necessary funds, estimated at £500." The committee also resolved "That the attention of the Borough Surveyor be called to the tinning of offensive matter on the land belonging to the Corporation at Howley." Councillor JOHN Evaxs moved, and Councillor GREEN- ING seconded the confirmation of the minutes. The minutes were carried. STREET-PAVING.—WOOD BLOCKS AND OTHER , MATTERS.

At a meeting of the Wysir;;;;;O"d Sewerage Committee , held on July 4th it was resolved " That this Cernmittee take over from the 'Tramway Committee the wood blocks ordered for heaving in connection with the tram- ways at £8 173 61 per thousand." " Teat a cent:eye: be entered into with Messrs Bennie and Thompson for the , repaving of streets interfered with by the conatructi on of tramways at 2e 4d per square yard." " That the Borough Surveyor be instructed to make good the pave- ment of Wilderspool-causeway." " That Buttermarket- street, in front of St. Mary's Church, be repave with wool, and that the Tramways Committee be requested to repave the portion repairab'e be teem with wood." (The Tramways Cammittee agreed to do this.) " That those portions of Liverpool-road on the outside of the , tram rails opposite St. Luke's Church and the Wesleyan , Chapel be paved with wood." At a later meeting it was , resolved, " That the Tramways Committee be repested to set back the poles alone the south side of Church- street to enable this Committee to widen the carriage way of that street." Councillor TINNION proposed the adeption of the minutes, and with regard to the last resolution explained that the poles on the south Ride of Church-street had net been erected. The Committee had some foresight and they decided to have them set b Lek beeind the original line te allow for street widening. Councillor thineecomt seconded and drew attention to the state of Horsemarkat-street, which he said was very unsatisfactory taking it all through. The channels were so bad that there was nearly a serious accident the other day through a carriage getting into a rut. The wheels were nearly twisted off the body of the vehicle. He also called attention to the state of Cockhedge-lane, which, he thought, should be taken into consideration. Councillor JAMES EVANS said he had been urged by the , Rev:Father Ryan to call attention to the fact that opposite ' his church in Liverpocl-road had not been paved with wood blocks. As they were paving the roads opposite other places of worship he asked that that matter he carefully considered, and he was sure the congregation would very much appreciate it if this thoroughfare was treated in a similar manner. The DEPUTY MAYOR observed tint there was still another church on the same route—Bank Quay Mission —which might also receive attention. It seemed to him this thing was being carried too far. He did not think that wood blocks were required at Sankey. Toe noise there was infinitely more imaginary than real—it was a macadam road. If they intended to do all the places of worship in the town they should do them at once and for all. It was not good enough bringing up those extras for which they had made no provision in their estimates Father Ryan's case was more serious than that at Sankey, for it Was set paving and not macadam. He asked that those proposals be withdrawn, or he would put in a claim for Bank Quay Mission. Alderman SUTTON said they should deal with all alike It was only in casee where the whole pavement was being taken up that it was proposed to put down wood blocks. In that case the expense was not very great. It was certainly best to deal with the whole as they would deal with one. Therefore, he thought it was better that every one of the places of worship should be treated as occasion arose. (Dear, hear.) Councillor BENNETT asked if the poles:in Church-etreet were being pet back. It was desirable that the carriage way should be widened. The Committee were rushing into extremes' it seemed! to him. They were going to widen the roads at the expense of the foetpetlo. he thought a ide foetpathe were as desirable as wide reeds. He failed to see how the poles would reach across the street unless there were double lines. s The CHAIRMAN said he was informed that the foot- paths were to be 12 feet wide. Councillor TieninNsaid they had visited Horeemarket- street. There was not the slieVese doubt that the etreet3 in the various wards in the town were always much worse when November approaehel. (Laughter.) He Was glad Councillor Shilleock had at last found that Ilorsernarket-street was in the Town Hall Ward. (Re- newed laughter.) If the Council and the ratepayers of Warrington were prepared to find the money the com- mittee were quite prepared to spend it. Tne cenditaen of Horsemarket-street was neither creditable nor safe— (hear,hear)—and it was certainly time the street was dealt with. As soon as they could find sufficient money they would take the matter into consideration. With reference to the setting back of the poles in Church-st., hfisendtwotahhsoastwowrtrihyreeCys were owunereeillor Bennett was somewhat in a fog a tgoobi negputto from polewith t (i) t p. 1 I en t carry the wouldorry the cable and net have lengthened trolley arms. They were not going to unduly curtail the footpath in that neighbourho.ed. They had left sufficient room for a 121 r. footpeth. The footpath in Wilderspdel-caueeway, which was a very good one, was nearly 10 feet wide. 0 They thought a path 12 feet wide was quite ample for Church-street.. Again it was only a question of expenditure .in dealing with the streets in front of places of worship. They agreed that the front of all places of worship should t.' e so paved as would ensure a minimum noise and disturbance to worahippers. They felt that the one that had the greatest claim was St Mary's Church, Buttermarket-street, because the con- gregation must be subjected to very considerable noise and annoyance during Divine service. In reference to Ithe application made from the Roman Catholic Church in Bank Quay, they pointed out that the exp9nse. in that Iwide street would be so enOrmous, and considering that the paving wag very good, that it was undesirable at r present to layeeiown wood blocks, but wank' do as soon 1 as they could see their way. When the committee de • Icided to alter the pavement in front of Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel and St Luke's Church they did not exactly remember at the time that the trains would take I, up such a large portion of that street. Be was Inclined

to have the matter re-considered by the committee. eaThe minutes were then adopted subject to that portion relating to the road by St Luks'a Church and the Sankey Weelevan Chapel being navel with wood. COUNCILLOR SMETBURST &ND TdE LIBRARY CATALOGUE. Upon the minutes of the School Atte sdance Committee coming up for csnfirmation,—Councillor SMETLIURiT said he would like to ask when they were going t have the Library Catalo2u,. (Laug,hter.)—Toe Chairmsn pointed out that they were dealing with School Attend- ance matters.—Cguncillor Smethurst : I beg your par- don.—The minutes were approved, on the proposition of Alderman SHAW' GEIEFN, seconded by Councillor SII!LLCOCE.

ALDERMAN ROBERTS AND THE MUSEUM COMMIT LEE CRlrics. CATALOGUE BEING PREPARED.

The DEI:.U7I: MAYOR, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the siluseurn Committee, said if he might anticipate the question which came from Councillor Smethurst, peruaps he might say that Air Madeley had already that ma.M,r in hand, preparing the catalogue for the pricers at the earliest possible opportunit2. He would also like to say they had been referred to in not over polite term' of late by a certain section of the Press, and in paising he might say that the trouh'e that they had was what was referred to very pro7.lerly by CuincillorTinnion—vrant of money. (Hear, heir.) That was the difficulty. That three-fold institution which they had tried to carry on with credit to the town had to be maintained by a 10 rate, and their diffloolty was to make it go as far as they would like it to go. He did not hesitate to say that their insti- tution woull comparc favourably indeed with any similar institution in the kingdom' If their friends who w,r • fond of criticising them and who were not always friendly in their criticism knew of the difficulties, he thought perhaps their critieism would be a little more kindly than it sometimes was. There was not a member who wood notbe only too pleased to doleverything coo e 7 would provide for the intellectual and secial pleasure an instruction of the people of Warrington, hut t icy could not make a pint go as far as a (-out, and they could not make a lid rate do what a 31 rate would de. Councillor GREENING seconded the motion, and the minutes were agreed to. THE WATER SUPPLY. . _

At a meeting of the Water C numittee on 30th Tune, a letter was read from the Clerk to the W krrington Rural District Council with respect to the diminution ot water in the wells at Croft, and it was resolved, that without prejudice to the position of the Corporation a temporary supply of water be furniihed to the well in Croft, which have become dry, on the understanding that such supply will be discontinued in the event of the water returning to the was after the works of the Corporation have ben completed— The Committee instructed the Town Clerk to express to Moms Simpson and Co., ot Loaded the satisfaction felt by the Committee for the prompt manner in which the Company had catriA out the work of storting tem- porary plant to relieve the strain on the water supolv. Alderman FRANCOMB moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said chat at the last mee'ing of the Council the Committee were very much troubled about the supply of water. Now, he was pleased to say, they had an excellent supply, and all their troubles were over. (Flear, hear.) C ouncillor JOHN' EVANS seconded. —Carried. GYMNASTIC TRAINING. .

Councillor TINNION, in moving the confirmation ofithe G:mnagiurniCommittee minutestalluied to the reaolu ion that the Committee advertise for tenders for a new hot water boiler for heating purpose; and for re-arranging, and repairing pines, The expenge would be £5O, but it wa; necevary for the comfort of the children and others who attended the building in the winter. Their receipts were not largn, hut it was owing co the fact that the charge for the .chools was purely, nominal. Councillor Bursa seconded, and the minutes were agreed to. SUGGE-3 MI MUNICIPAL RO'VLING GREEN.

At the meeting of the General Purposes Committee the attention of tha, committee was called to the variance between the tests of gas made by Mr Haddock and these made by Mr Haddoek. Ir was resolved chat Mr Had- dock and Mr Haddock be revested to make a pint test, and that in Case of disagreement the Chairman of the Gas Committee be outhorized to call ina third party to act as umpire. The Town Hall, Park and Baths Corn- :nittee baying req sested this committee to consider the advisability of adding that part of the Seriugfield estate south of the continuation of Chapel-street to the Queen's Gardens it was raanlved that the land referred to be added to the Queen's Gardens but that the same be not for the present dedicated as part of the gardens. The Town Clerk reported that the Gas Committee had reconsidered the aceount sent in by them to the Techni- cal Instruction Committee for the hire of a room at the old GAS Works, and were prepared to forego the account if credit was given for the amount in the accounts of the gas department. The following resolution was also passed :—" That this committee express strong dis- satisfaction at the unnecessary disaatiefaction at the Unnecessary delay of the London and North-Western Railway C ornoany in carrying, out the alterations for the tramways at the level crossings at Wiirlerspeol, and request the Company to cause the works to be nom- pleted as soon as eossible." The Mayon moved the cnnfirma,tioa of the minutes. Alderman FRANCOMB seconded. Councillor JAMES EVANS stated that those who were at the meeting of the General Purposes Committee would remember that Alderman Roberts gave them particulars of the bargain made b,tweeo himself as Mayor and Mr Beck with reference to the Springfield estate. By the resolution of the committee it was proposed to add the lani to Q seen's Gaeilens but not to dedicate it as part of the gardens. He ietended to propose an amendment that the minute be referred back. He was of opinion that the land aveuld make a very suitable plot for a municipal howling green. and his nnject in referring the minute back was to enable the General Purposes Com- mittee to take into their slrious consideration a Muni- cipal bowling green'. Councilor MAL&IN seconded the amendment, and said many Corporations already provided bowling greens. 1 Alderman SUTTON objected to the proposal on the ground that there were sufficient bowling greens already provided in the Borough. Quietness. was a very desir- able thing in cennee.tion with public gardens, and he did not see how that could be obtained if they were to allo- cate A portion of the gardens to a rowdy lot of people like bowlers. (Laughter.) Alderman ROBEnTS pointed out that the condition made in the resolution with reference to its non dedica- tion did not snecify for what purpose the land was going to be used. If the Corporation acquired the land they could use it for any purpose they thoeght fit. Person- ally he was in favour of providing a municipal bowling green but he did not see the timtssity of the amend- ment. Councillor JAMES EVANS said his object in moving the ameedment was to enable the General Purposes Com- mittee or the Council as a whole to consider the ad- visability of establishing a municipal bowling green on the land proposed to he added to Queen's Gardens. Be 7:as afraid that if he withdrew the amendme.nt and let the Town Hall, P trki and Baths Committee get DO3aftS. sion of the land, they would have to wait a long time before they got a howling green. Alderman SUTTON : Very proper, too. Councillor JAMES EVANS: That is a matter of opinion. The Mayon : I think you may be satisfied that the passing, of the resolution will not preclude you from raising the question. Councillor JAMES EVAN 3: I will give notice that the matter be considered by the Council at the next mset- iug..

The 14IAron : Would not you brini,* it before the next meting of the GenPral Parposes Commit pee Councillor JAMES EVANS enid be would do so.

COUnClitOr TINNFON said as a frierler he magi: resent the remark; of tar Alderman Sutton when be referred to bowlers as a rowdy lot of people. tie ! (Coun- cillor Tinnion) considered them to be amongst the most respectable class of people in Warrington. (Rear,hear.) Alderman SIITM: Allow me to say you take a wrong view of what I meant. (Laughter.) Councillor TINNION': I accept the A.lderman's apology. (Laughter.) I The it inmates were then passed and the Council rose. A report of the discussion with reference tO the tre.m- ways will be found in another column.

.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 15,

WARRINGTON BAND OF HOPE UNION, Gala and Demonstration.

lAlthough forming no part of the local celebra- tions in honour of the Coronation, the gala and de- monstration which took place on Saturday under the auspices of the Warrington Band of Hope Union was a great success,and Coronation day will always be associated with pleasant memories in the minds of those who participated in the proceedings : The assembly of the members of the various bands of hope on the lawn at the Town Hall was watched by a fairly large crowd, many tempsrance workers showing their interest in the proceedings by their attendance. All the organizations were 'well rep- resented, the total number of children and adult', including some of the Rechabites, being about 1,590 A procession was formed on the lawn. the different sections being distinguishable by their banners. There was a sprinkling of flags and bannerettes, and also a good number of temperance mottoes, A very pretty feature was a florally decorated lurry, kindly lent by the Warrington S!ate ComparlY. An archway of flowers had been erected over the centre, under which at two children, suitably Cos- tunaodowlio bore with dignity the parts of King and Queen. A number of other children, representing different nationalities, were in attendance. Headed by the Legh-street Band, the procession moved off promptly at 2.30. At the front were several well-known local temperance workers, namely, Councillors W Roberts, James Evans, L Ellison, Burton, W Brough,and the RevJ S Hughes. The route traversed was Legh-street, Kendriek- street. Tanners'-lane, and through the town to Vic. toria Park. The societies were in the following order :—Friars'-zreen Band of Hope, Ellesmere street Band of Ilepe, Bank Quay Mission Band of Hope Sankey Bridges Band of Hope,Buckley-street Band of Hope. Legh-street Band of Hope, Cock- hedge Band of Hope, Bewsey-road Wesleyan Band of Hope, Wycliffe Band of Hone, Howley Bann of Hope, Brick-street Mission Band of Hope, St Jame!,' Band of hops, Warrington Ragged School Band of Hone. Excellent arrangements lied been made in Victoria Park for the pleasure of the children, who thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The Band of Hope children were provided with an exceMnt tea, tree of charge, and adults were provided with refresh- ments at moderate charges in a tent. The attrac- tions included swings, balloon ascents, cricket and other a Inv,s and a good programme of sperrs with Messrs W Wright, W Lister, and Joseph Owen as judges ; Mr J A Heohin as handicapper, and lr F Podmore alg starter. Tee following are the reselts 60 wir is Flat }Neg.-I{l7i onder 11 1, John Faulkes (S. James') ; 2, A Tindall (Sankey Bridges); 3, G T Jones (Bank Quay). 50 yards Flat Itsce.—Giris under It : 1. N "dolyneux (S. Sanaes); 2 A J Furni7al (Brick-street, ; 3 Lily Jones (S. James') 70 yar is Flat Race.—Bove under 11, 1. C Armstrong I (Wycliff .); 2. Ed Eyes (Howley) ; 3, J Little (Legh-et). 7,3 yards Flat Race.—Girls over 1/ : 1, Elsie Roberts (Sankey Bridges) ; 2, F Walker (Brick-street) ; 3, Jes3ie Brown (-isn key Bridges), 40 yards Three Legged Race.— Boys any age: 1, S Little (Legh-street). C H Chadwick (Sankey Bridges) ; 2. 11 Furnival (Brick-street), J Gallop (Brick-street). 39 yar Sack Race.—Boys any age I.T Little (Legh-st.); 2,'J MacTiroy (Howley); 3, Frank Main (Wycliffe). 40 yerdi Skipping Race.—Girls any age : 1. Jane Stratton Cockhedge) ;2, Gertrude Hayes (Howley) ; 3, Ethel Stukey (Howley). 100 yar is Slow Mcple Race, (boys any age).-1., Harold Barton, (Friars' Green) ; 2 ii Wilson. (Howley), • 50 yard. Rugby Football Race.—Boys any age : 1, Tong Hall, (Friars. Green); 2, H Clayton, (Howley) ; 3, S Cummins, (Legh-street), The ju i9:69 '144 much difficulty in giving the swirl fn- the beet display in the procession. Ultimately this was overcome by dividing the prize between St James' and brick- , street Bands of Hope,—the former being 'pre-eminent in char aster whilst the latter scored ty their excellent rnarchinz. Wycliffe Band of Hope shewe 1 such splendid form that the judges re- sinmended them for a consolation prize. The ofiiciala were as follows:—Procqasion and Grounds Committ -e :Messrs T Dale(ebief),J A Tilutehin,GWhitiVd A Horrocki, B Elall, Henry Woolley, F Wright, .7 Wads- worth, Higginson, W Linyard, and F Gandy. Soorra Committ A : Mossrs J A Hutchin (chiet),l3 Wardman,W Wright, W Lioter, F Podmore, A E Little, H Henry Woolley, and F Gandy. Tea sad Refrahmeet Comrnitt,e : Miss C Birch (quperintendent), Mr. J Davenport, Mrs Smithson, Mrs George Colley, Mis; Edgerley. Miss Prince, Miss Monk,Miss M P Gibeon, MiSA Florence Bescvick.Messrs T Dalq,F 11srre1l,T Tiodall, B B H Sander, W W Gingham, G Colley, Henry VVollley,..nd F Gandy. Hon Sec ; Mr F Gandy. Hon Assi.rant See: Mr Hen.-y Wooley. Assistrlt Gala Secs : 'Messrs F Fodrnore and H Binineham. PUBLIC MEE rING IN TELE PARK. INTERESTING SPEECHES.

A meeting was held i the ParlTi-n-t-TIT-eYening, the chair bring taken by Curicilllr Jamas EVA'79. Mrs. Henry RMerts attended for the:purpose of distributing the priz As and amongst those also present on the improvisll platform were :—The Ray 11 Dunnico, Baptist minister, Golhorne-street, Cnuncillor Roberts, Ir T Dale. Mr J Owen. Mr Princa, Mr Gandy and the members of the Band of Elope Union Juvenile Choir.

Letters of snologr for non-attendance were received from the Rev John Yon nd Mr JAHIM Dodds. The CHAIRMAN, in a few introdqttory remarks, sail that so far as the Bend of Hope/movement was con- cerned he was full of hone. If the young cooll he kept sober until they were 21 years of age their opinions on the temperance qirstion would have become matured. There was just one warning he wished to give, and it was this—that the time was coming, and coming quickly too, when not only children, but men aud women would have to have very decided opinimg upon the temper- ance question. Ole great statesman had said that the people of England would have to rise and control the drink traffic, or the drink traffic would control the nation. It would he a sad day for them if the drink did ever control this great nation. (Hear, hear, and applause). The choir sawn the nhorug Merrily Singing " under the conductorship of Mr Spruce. The dating of accom- panist were discharged b Mr F Paimore, _ _ .

The Rev. HERBERT DUNNICO delivered an earnest address. There were two reasons, he said why 69 was a teetotaler and why he opposed to the very utmost the drinking custom of the country. His reasons were first because the drinking custom was the greatest stumbling block to moral good and secondly because it was the greatest stumbling block to all social good. There were priestcraf r,bigotry,and other forms of stumbling blocks, but thee' were nething compared with thestumbling block of drink. They' were assured that 90 per cent of the poverty, disease, and crimo coul I be traced either directly or indirectly to the pernicious habit of drinking intnxicants,and he was told that one-fourth of the popu- lation of London died either in the workhouse hospital or in the lunatic asylum.. These were facts which spoke fer,themselveS, and as long as he was in Warrington an was a Christian minister he was determined to fight uncompromisingly every brewer and every publican as the enemy of God and man. (Flear.hear.) The amount spent on drink averaged £l6 131 41 per family and if that money could be turned into different channels, the question of old age pensions would be settled at once. Dealing with the steps which must 6, taken to oppose drink traffic he said they must all fight for Sunday clos- ing and the enforcement of the licensing laws already in existenoe. He pointed out that it was as criminal to set ve a drunken man as it was to get drunk, but whilst them mere 36,000 eonvictions for drunkenness last year only 177 publicans were fined. Mrs. ROBERTS then distributed the prizes, after which Miss Carrie Hastings very sweetly sang the wcll-known song" Daddy." The chortle was then sting" Hurrah I for the men in the gap." Councillor Woe ROBERTS Said they had had a verr happy day and he was glad the temperance boys and girls of Warrington had had such a happy day on the Coronation of the King and Queen. (Hear, hear.) He had been asked to move a very comprehensive vote of thanks to Mrs Roberts for distributing the prizes, to Ccuncillor Evans for presiding, to Mr Minnie° for his excellent address, and to the committee and children for their services. He was glad to find that they had in Mr DellThiCO a new champion of the temperance clause, and he hoped they would all rally round him and sup- port him in his work. They were not as badly off as some people thought in ther temperance work. They had not made much noise in Warriagton lately, but he assured the meeting that they were silently progressing. Some of them beloned to that terrible body the Warringtoa Town Council. But it was not quite as bad as it was painted ; still it was bad enough. Out of 36 members ten were total abstainers. (Applause.) They had actually more total abstainers in the Council than publicans, and he hoped the numbers would gradually increase until the whole 36 belonged to the Warrington Band of Hope Union. (Hear, hear, laughter and applause.) He was pleased to see five members take part in the procession that day. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, the speaker urged the , parents present to encourage their children to take an interest in band of hope work. (Applause.) ' Mr TRomas DALE seconded the motion, which was heartily agreed to, after which cheers for the King and Queen and the Mayor and Mayoress were given,bringing this part of the day's proceedings to a close. The games in the field were then resumed and continued until dusk.

Tim ALLEN'S FocT.EttsL A powder to be shaken Into the shoe,. Your feet feel swollen, nervous, and damp, and get tired rosily. if you have aching feet, try Allen's Foot-Easy. It rests the feet ' and makes new or tight boots easy. Cures hot, swollen, sweating feet, blisters and callous spots. Relieves corns and bunions of all pain, and gives rest and comfort. Try It to-day. Of all Chemists and Stores. Price ls. .dicept us substitute. Sent pest free for is. lid. package FREE. Address, Allen S. Olmsted.'. Soiatham.,: ton RAM. LtsndOn. W.C.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
1902.-

CORONATION CELEBRA- TIONS AT WARRINGTON. Interesting Proceedings.

Warrington wore a holiday aspect on Saturday on the occasion of the conflation of King dward yli and Queen Alexandra. There was a moderate display of flags and bunting and work was almost entirely suspended. The chief feature of the cele- brations was, of course, the public procession, which was postponed in June last owing to the King's illness. In many respects, the procession was similar to those which took place in the town to celebrate the coronation of Queen Victoria in 1833, of William IV in 1831 and of GeorgeTV in 1821. The Walking of "the clubs" as they were then called, tormed part of those proceedings and Saturday's procession was largely composed of members of the local friendly societies. Their striking banners and regalia added a touch of brightnees and colour to the proceedings which left a pleasing impression on the minds of the spectators who gathered along the route of the procession. The and members of the societies were conveyed' in open landaus and there was at least one venerable member, Brother Marsh, whose recollections went back to the celebrations in honour of the Coronation_ of George IV.

THE PROCESSION.

Far this important function, elaborate arrange- ments bad been made by the Town's Marshal, Mr Luke Talbot, and a procession committee composed Of the leaders of the .rlendly societies. The whole ,of the proceedings passed off without a hitch and this happy result reflected great credit on all who were responsible for the arrangements. The Com- ponent parts of the Procession assembled in front of the Town Hall and at 10 30 when the procession was ready to start, Bugler Slater, from Orford Bar- racks sounded the "advance." The Mayoress then waved the National flag which was the signal for the Volunteer Regimental Rani to play one versa of the National Anthem. This having bien does, the pro- cession immediately moved off, arid proceeded to pass out of the Town Hall grounds by the centre gate. The following was the order of procession :- 1 Detachment of Police. 2 VOlunteer Band and Battalion. 3 Ambulance Brigade. 4 Fire Brigade with engines, 5 Clergymen of all denominations. 6 The Mayor, mayoral suite, and Borough Member. 7 Freemen of the Borough. 8 Aldermen, Councillors and Justices of the Borough. 9 Principal Corporation officials. 10 Guardians of the Poor and Rural District , Councillers. 11. Friendly Societies.

Vie detachment of polica had at their head P C's Howard and Gibbs, both of whom have recently re- turned from South Africa. They wore the khaki uniform of the Grenadier Guards, to which they belong, aad Gibbs carried the town marshal's flag. There was a representative muster of Volunteers, about 300 being present. They were headed by two pioneers. Next came the regimental and bugle bands, under the direction respectively of band- masters Richardson and Plinston. The Mounted Infantry company and the cyclist section formed a part of the procession. In the absence of Colonel Ridgway the whole battalion was under the com- mand of Captain' Appleton. Lieutenant Realm, acting adjatant, was in charge of the cyclist com- pany, and the only other officer present was Lieut. Fulton Smith.

The Ambulance Brigade,about twenty in number. carried a littss and stretcher, and were under the command of the Chief Superintendent (Captain Waring). Sept Baldry, and Mr T J Hulse, one of the officers and hon secretary of the corps. The -members of he Fire Brigade formed an 1 attractive part of the Precession. They had with them the steam engines " Captain " and " Major " and the old manual en.rine " Nile." The funnels of the two first-named engines were filled in with flowers and evergreens, and other parts were simi- larly decorated, the effect producel being very pleasing. Superintendent Turner was in command, and he was accompanied by 'his son, the Deputy Superintendent, and 16 other members of the brigade.

The clergy and ministers of all denominations were represented by the Revs J L Milne (Presby- terian), T Bishop, C H Hocken. and W C J Neville (Wesleyan), J S,Hughee and H Dunnico (Baptist),; Reveif C B Carleton, A F White, G W Dickenson, TI RlFild, A Inglis, w Bracecamp, J H G Holling- worth, B Percival, D Kerrin (Church of England), and Fathers Whittle, Wilson, Mercer, Noblett, and Haulms (Roman Catholic). The MAYOR followed Immediately behind the clergy. He wore his robe and chain of office and rode in an open carriage accompanied by the Mayoress and Miss Margaret Parr. Preceding them ea faoe. were the sword bearer (Sergeant Dean) and the mace bearer (Sergeant Williamson who acted in the absence of Sergeant Bell). It had been arranged that the member for the Borough (Mr R. Pierpoint) should accompany the Mayor but be was unable to be present. Immediately behind the Mayor's carriage were the followin? members of the Town Council :—Aldermen Sutton, Franoomb, Bolton, Shaw Green and Reatoa ; Councillors Baird, Brough, Barton, Duncan, Ertison, Malkin, Peacock. William Roberts, Rogers, Sampson Smethurst and Wilkinson. Councillors Pierpoint and Tinnion elected to walk in the Friendly Societies' procession. The officia,s of the Corporation present were :—Mr J L Whittle (town clerk!. Mr Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr T Lonvdin (13 'rough surveyor), Mr Andrew M Kr (deputy borough surveyor), Mr George F F White (clerk to the magistrates), Dr John Guest Gornall (medical officer of health), Mr W T Flood (in- spector of nuisances),Mr Elijah Place(markets inspector) Mr Robert Young (cemetery recistra7), Mr W $ Had- dock (gas engineer), Mr W S Howard (cashier at the gas works), and Mr Charles MaLleley (secretary, librarian, &c.,aluieurn D Tartment). The Bsrouch magistratm were represented by Dr For, and Messrs T Birchall, J W Hayward, and H Thornton. The Rev W Rracecamp (chaplain), and Messrs George Pilling, Alfred Jolley,liand T H Ashcroft, with Mr F 11 Auklald (relieving &Beer), represented the guardians of the poor. The rear was brought up by Messrs. William Silcock, Edward Wallington. George Wallington,Healey, John Harrison,' Birchail,W Jeffrey, John Allen, E Allen, Thomas Allen, John Taylor, H Gandy, Alfred Mottram, John Jones.

THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES;

The Friendly Societies formed a distinct feature of the prooe9s6n. Each society had a brass band at the head and took up a position in the procsesbn in the order, balloted for.

THE RECIVIBITES.

First came the Rechabites, 300 strong, headed by Brick-street Mission HALO. They were marshalled by Bros John Riley, C M, and B Warburton.T S,end MON: others present were Bros S Fernley, T S. T Winstanley. DS. J Shaw. TT, T Massey, J D 8, W Wright, TS, A Ward, T 5, J W Spens:d.y. TB, W Higginson, DB. T Hall, PT, E Ellison, DC R, and H Craig, T.S. A large silk banner, bearing signs and emblems of the Order, and a number of small bannerettes were carried by the members. A much admired feature was ak complete • representation of the various symbolical emblems.whicla form the handsome regalia of the Order. The ornaments *ere exquisitely wrought in so:id silver.and mounted on staves for carrying, and included models of the follow- ing' :—" Tent," " Eye," " Wheatsbeaf," " Sun," " Bible," "Beehive," "Moons and stars," "Staves," " Sword," " Crown," " Dove," " Serpent," " Cross- keys," "Inkstand," and "Lamb."

===== 0002601_19020815_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE GARDENERS. oe

Following the Rechabites were about 180 members of the National United Order of Free Gardeners, led by Messrs Fletcher, Russell and Company% band. A new banner was carried, but the most distinctive part of the- society's display was a representation of " Adam and Eve." A large lary,drawn by four fine bays belonging to Messrs Peter Walker and Sons, was tastefully decor- ated with palms and plants, and in the centre " Adam and Eve" were depicted clinging to an " Apple" tree. The characters were taken by a son and daughter of Bro Shelmardine. This procession was marshalled by Bras Ashton, C.Sd., and Aspinall, and those present in chided Bros Brookes. J Nolan, D.D.M., J Budge D.S., W H Taft, D.T., F W Scarisbrook. L.M., 1 Teat- kinson, D.L.M., A El Healy, L.T.. and W H Parkes,L.S. THE DRUID!.

The Druids, who were nest in order, numbered about 500, the work of marshalliv being entrusted to Bros T Eden, C M, S Silcock, S Packer,and C Bebbington. They were headed by Peaketh Tannery Band,and each wore s rosette, those of the officers in red and gold, and the others in red and silver. The rosettes were in the form of crowns, with rod, white, and blue ribbons. Several new sets of lodge officers regalia were obtained for the occasion. They were beautifully worked. add produced a pleasing effeet. The collarettes for PN G A's were of red velvet, fringed with gold, with the emb.em of the Order worked upon them in silk, and a jewel and gold tassel added a nice finishing touch. The collarettes of the N G A's were of blue watered silk with gold fringe, and also here the emblem of the Order. The V G A's collarettes wore similar in design, but instead of a gold fringe were embellished with gold braid. Two banners were carried, and the district dispensation, which waf borne by four members, was draped with gell-coloured silk, artificial cornflowers, Japanese daiEes and ribbons.

il

2=IMMIMO

The officers present included Bros R E Pooler, G J, J Bar, V G M, E Allen,P D G M,E Eden,D TD Houghton, D C 8, W Pierpoint, the following P D P M's W Cross. kill, S Hankey, S Caldwell, S Dunbobbin,and S Parker, and the various lodge secretarieg. The District S cr- tary, District Treasurer, and V G M:wore; their silver chains of office, the links of which are the form of shields and stars. The Grand Master wore a gold chain of similar pattern. NATIONAL INDEPIENDENT ORDB/t OF ODDFELLOWS. _ _

_ The National Independent Order of Oddfellows, abOut 100 etrong, were marshalled by Bros J J Daniete, C M. E E Pester, W Daniels and T Knight. Those in attend- ance included Bros T Bramhall,G DM' Dickinson.D 8, J Smith, D T. J J Hands, P P G M, J Brown P P GM, T Knight, PPG M, J Burgess, PP G K, E E Psster, PPG M, W ilI, P P GM, R Biackhaw, NG. and J Loa, V 0, (Garibaldi Lodge), J Wilkinson, N G, and A. Chile. V G (Loyal Perseverance Lodge), J Grounds, G Ad, W Bowness, N G, 0 Peacock, V G,and W Klley, P G. The procession was beaded by the Walton Band, a humor was carried. aud the members wore white gloves and rosettes. The chief officers had new regalia.

- INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS(MLNCEIESTER DEITY) The judepeede,it Order of Odtifellows, Manchester Unity, mus'ered 350 members, among whom were Bros T S Steel, P G M., Ellis Clare. D G M., F Webster, PP GM. and CS. pre tern., T Wolaworth. P G T., A Webster P PG M., G Perry, PP G M., W Daintetb, P P G F J Whittle. P PG IsJ., S Rvan, P P G M., G Riley. PP G M.M Knowles, PP GM., and A Boyle, PPG M. The marshals were Bros J H Norbury, C M., F Barnes, and J Rigby. The membors were accom- panied by Crosfi‘l Ps band. For some reason ttornew banner was not carried, but one from Halemear Wi Ines, was obtained for the OCCaIdOR. The members wore specially designed rosettes bearing the name of the Order, and also white bates and gloves. A number of carriages were provided far old members.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIENT ORDER OF F3RESTERS.

The Ancient Order of Foresters bad arranged for several tableaux to be given bet they had to be aban- doned in consequence of the character costumes not having arrived. N 3 fewer than 700 members .joiaed in this processina, which was marshalled by Bros W Rip. kiss, CM. J Banneoft, W Sudlow, El James, B Forman, J J Dannett. and W Allen, and beaded by Dallam Brewery Band. Among the office ra present were Bros W Hankin- son, DC R. W Bullock, D S. C R, R Marsh, D T, J Ban- croft, DT, L Davies, DS. J Davies, AD S, and D Clayton, DT. The new district banner, bearing on one side the emblem r f the Order,and oa the other paintings illustrative of " Help in time of need." was carried. A landau was provided for the di=trict officers. And a haze waggonette for the aged and infirm members. It may be interesting to note the fact that the ages of the old members represented a total of something 11. 1.500 years, some of them having hem connected with ttie society for over 60 years.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODDFELLOVTS

The Grand United Order of 0 Iclfellows was 150 streng, there being present :—Bros R G Gibsou, D M, J T Griffith, DD M. W Oxley, DS, J Puwnall, DT. S Jos neon, T, .1. Cress. T, if W Richardson, T. J Daniels (chairman of the Juvenile Burial Beard), ml T Kilroy, deputy. chairman. Bros J Green, O.M. and J Hughes unlertsok the duties of marshals, arm the bend in attendance was the Bucklev-atreet brass band. Toe members wore badges and gloves, while the officers had regalia. A beautiful double pole banner was carried. ANCIEVT SHEPHERDS

About 300 members of the Ancient Shepherds, headed by the" Guardian" Oase Band, brought up the rear of the long prow/don. The marshals were Bros L Weir, C ft, W Hall, T C Duckworth, and P Edgar, D S, and among those also present were Bros J Williams, PC S. J Haley, PP 08. J Parr, D Treasurer, and J Adams, D PC S. Two little shepherdesses carrying sheep formed the principal feature of this societi's dis- play. The membsrs wore bidges and gloves and a beautiful banner occupied the place of tumour

A PRETTY TURNZIIT.

Bringing up the rear was a very pretty turnout from the Royal Court Theatre. consisting of two tableaux lurries and a nurses' tent. The first tableaux larry re- pres-nted a Transvaal Conference in which the char- acters were sustained by the following :—Lord Roberts. Mr Potter ; Kruger, Ur Mulvey ; Kitchener, Mr Morgan; Baden-Powell, Mr Hall; General French, Mr Silverstone; De Wet. Mr Sherwin; Dsierey, Mr Gluons ; Mr Cham- berlain, Mr Louther. The second lurry represented a South African nursing tent.. The character of the doctor was taken by Mr Mulvey; the nurse, by Meg Buckley , Jack Tar, by Mr Martin ; special .Character, Mr Bishop; and absgut-minded beggars,Mesers Dawn.' and Wardeo. All were in appropriate costumes. finusie's Sousa Band, conducted by Miss Susie Maven, was specisll7 amusing. and the performers were the lady naenabers of " A Hat Night "company. The general discord prnducad by the instruments was greeted with roars of laughter en route. '

THE RETURN TO THE :TOWN HALL. • The route of the procession lay along Stnkey-street, Bridge-street, Blereev-street, -Church-street (right-hand side), round the big lamp in Church-place, School•brow, Brick-street, Irlam-street, Buttermarket-street, Have. tiarket-street, Winwiek-street, Tanner's-lane, Proghall- lane, and Oros&1d-street to the Town Hall grounds. It was originally intended to return by way of Church- Street, hut it W 39 found irnpossibln to do so without con- siderable inconvenience owing to the thoro eghfare hay- log been taken uo for the new tram line. Whilst the processionists were re-tssembling at the Town Hail a shower of rain fell. This did no', however, prevent Vee proceedings from befog c%rried through. A butte hav- ing been sounded the rreend verse o the National Anthem was played and sang, the Volunteers presenting arms.

The members of the Corporation and a few other gentlemen were provided by the Mayor with light re- freshments, and before they separated the rown Clerk came into tke room and, taking out his watch, said be believed that at that porticular moment the King was being crowned. This was the signal for another vocal effort, the first verse of the National Anthem, led by Councillor Smethurst. being heartily sung, followed by three cheers for the King.rbree for the Queen, ald three each for the Mavor and Mayoress. Ihe Mayer, in a briof speech. thanked all present for rallying round him on that interesting occasion. He felt very deeply the hearty manner in which the people of Warrington had 1 that day celebrated the Coronation. He had seen more of Warrington that day than ever before. (Laughter and applause.) He hoped to see them again in the evening when they would have a ride on the illuminated tram cars. On returning to the drill shed, the Volunteers were addressed by Captain Appleton who asked the tune to raise three cheers for the King. The requelt was heartily responded to. THE ILLTIVINATED TRAM CARS. Inc theevening a couple of brilliantly decorated and Illuminated tram cars ran from Latchford to Sankey bridges and back. The route was lined with spoctators who expressed their satisfaction at the display by repeatedr: cheers. The cars had been tastefully decorated by Mr Ralph Johnson and when lighted by several hundreds of ,jelectric glow lamps, the cars presented a picture, which might easily be associated with fairy-land. Mr. Hrimsiale, the manager, is to be congratulated upon the brilliant and tasteful illumination of the cwo cars. The Mayor and several members of the Corporation travelled by the illuminated cars on their first journey from Latchford. On the top of the first car were the members of eta Volunteer band, and when the illuminations were turned on, the National Anthem was played. The passengers anti the people in the streets took off their bats and sang the first verse with much heartiness. During the evening and again this week, the public have been admitted to the illuminated oars at special fared.

1.0.G.T. No 1, Conv—ention, South-West

Lancashire.

The half-yearly meeting of the above was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Asbridge-street, Runcorn, on Saturday last. There was a fair atten- dance of representatives and visitors from Warring- ton, Earlestown, St. Helens, Amhton. Runcorn,Leigh and Sutton. Bro J Lindon, C CT, (St. Helens) pre- sided. After the appointment pf the Credential and Reporting Committees, the CT.: T, gave his report. He was glad to find ;hat the lodges throughout the area were doing good work. Bro P Smith, C Sec. (Ashton) in his report, stated that he was pleased to say that the lodges in Warrington, Hindley, and Tyldesley bad been re-opened. There had been an increase of thirteen members in the Convention area. Bros Anders (Malcom) and Warren (Sutton), were appointed auditors. Sister Mrs Woods, C S J T, (ECarlestown) reported favourably on the work of the juveniles and expressed the hope that the temples in Hindley and Warrineton would shortly be re-opened. An interesting discussion followed this report, and Bro Anders intimated that a temple would very soon be instituted in connection with the Runcorn "Forward "lodge. The Treasurer,Bro Speakman (Ashton) reported a balance in hand of £.3 Os Oid. All the reports were adopted. The election 0,,t officers was then proceeded with and resulted as follows: C CT. Bro J Parr (Leigh) ; C Conn., Bro 0 Clarke (Earleatown) C VT, Sister Mrs Hatton (Earlestown) ; C Electoral Superinten- dent, Bro Anders (Runcorn) ; CSJ T, Sister Mrs Woods (Earlestovrn); 9 Sec., Bro P Smith, (Ashton), C Treasurer, Bro Speakman (Ashton) ; C Chaplain Bro Midge, (Runcorn) ; C Marshall, Bre Hahne Leigh) ; CA S, Bro C J Sheath (Warrington) ; C; Guerd, Bro Hodgson, (Leigh) C Sentinel, Bro Warren (Sutton) ; C DM, Sister S L Sheath (War- rington) ;PC C T, Bro J Lindon (St. Helens). An. other discussion on the juvenile question followed land was ably taken part in by Sister Woods, and Brothers Parr, Anders, Speakman and nudge. Votes of thanks were passed to the Runcorn members for their arrangements and to the retiring officers for their past services. The members then partook of a substantial tea. An open-air meeting was held in the evening near the Post Office when there was a large audience. Addresses were delivered by Bro Morris Jones, D Sec. (Liverpool) and Bro Parr, C CT, (Leigh). The meeting was presided over by the Rev Mr Foster, uf Runcorn.

t

ill

===== 0002601_19020815_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPM

SHE: "Why do they call a battleship she'?" He: "Because there are so many arms about her."

PASSENGER "This train is very slow, guard." Guard: "Yes, sir; it's them sleeping carriages behind."

BELLE: "Would you allow a man to kiss you!" Maude: "Urn—well, I think it is our duty to—er— make allowance for the weakness of mankind, you know." .

PPOYESSOR (to his wife): "I never know how to take you Amelia. Two years ago you were dy- ing for that hat, and now I've bought it you dont: like it at all!" Docroa : "Troubled with insomnia, eh? Eat something before going to bed." Husband: "Why, doctor, you once told her never to eat anything before going to bed.', Doctor (with dignity) : "That, my dear sir, was in 1895. Science has made great strides since then." HE: "Are you sure that lam the only man you ever really and truly loved?" She: "Perfectly sure. I went over the Whole list only yester- day."

- A PLEAsaivr SURPRISE. —My dear," said young Mr. Mamge," what is this dessert, anyway?" It's called surprise pudding," replied the dear young thing, "I tried to make bread, but it wouldn't rise, so I just made a nice wine sauce for it and made it do for dessert."

"Now gist I have promised to be yours for ever and ever," she said, as she looked up into his eyes, "tell me, Harold, if I am the only girl you ever loved." " Ah, my darling," he replied, can you not content yourself with ,the assurance that you are the only girl who ever loved me ?" "Come here, Johnny I I'm going to give you a piece of—" "Oh,. mamma, is it apple pie or custard?" "How dare you interrupt me, Johnny! Come here; I'm going to give you a. piece of advice." MA11349 : "Well, Johnny, I shall forgive you this time, and it's very pretty of you to write a letter and say your's sorry." Johnny : "Yes, ma; don't tear it up, please." Alamma Why not ? Johnny: "Because it will do iaext time." MaotsTuvra : "You are charged with running over an old lady while scorching. What have you to say in regard to this awful accident?" Defen- dant: "Awful accident? Why, a little thing like that doesn't hurt a good bicycle like mine, is!' WIFE : "I'm going to run across the street just a minute to bid Mrs. Jones good-bye." Husband: "Well, you'll have to hurry; the train leaves in three hours."

MR. CHATTERTON : "I've decided to go into business, Miss Weatherbee." Miss Weatherbee : "rm very glad to hear it, Mr. Chatterton." "Yams, I've made up my mind to become a farmer. Think how, jolly it must be to go out of a mawning and see the butterflies making butter, and the grasshoppers making grass—and—all that sawt of thing, you know. HER Cuaam.—He : "She seems to have a lovely disposition." She: "Why do you think so? He: "I never see her that she isn't smiling." She: Well?* He: "Well, doesn't that show a good dis- position?" She: "No. Good teeth." His LoSs.—" At the Jacksons' last evening set aglass of champagne over Torn Binks dress suit.', "Ruined it, I suppose?" "Why, of course. Dress suits don't help champagne a little bit."

PROFESSOR "Too bad! One of my pupils, to whom I have given two courses of instruction in the cultivation of the memory has forgotten to pay me; and the worst of it is, I can't remember his name!"

"TBE indications are," remarked the man who was looking at the sky with an expression of great wisdom, "that it will be cold and raw." The man who has trouble with the serve:it problem meekly inquired: "Which are you talking about, the weather or dinner ? ",

, His QUESTION. -- Young Fidaleback "Miss Gadway, there is a little question I have long been wanting to ask you, but every time the words have risen to my lips there has been some interruption. Do you " Miss Gadway "Do not hesitate, Mr. Fiddleback—Clarence." Young Fiddlebake "I was going to ask you, do you think a pug dog has any brains ? " A VALUABLE MAN.--Strawber : "That was a pretty good trick that we played on a gas com- pany in the North. A fellow there disconnected his meter, put a rubber tube round it, and for months they didn't discover that he had been robbing them!' gingerly: "What did they do with him them?" Strawber : "They made him one of the directors of the company." TEACHER : "If any pupil can answer, let her raise her hand. Well, Mary, you may tell." "Please, ma'am, I don't know:" Then why did you raise you hand?" "I couldn't help it, ma'am.. Uncle John gave me this bangle last night." "It is an awful thing to be married to a funny man," said she, sobbingly. She had told him to get her some kid curlers while he was in town, and he had sent her home a. pound of sour apples.. YOUNG LADY "Gardener, don't make a flower- bed there • It will spoil our croquet ground.' Gardener: "Can't help it, miss. Them's my orders. Your father says he is bound to have this garden devoted to horticulture, not hus- ' bandry. ' • AN APPROPRIATE CosTrArE.—" I am going to masquerade ball this evening, and I want an appropriate dress," he said to the costumier. "What is your business?" "Oh, I am a milk- man." "Ah ! Then you'd better put on a pair of pumps and go disguised as a waterfall."

- - - - DELAYED Too LONO.—" I think I'll get my wife a cookery book," said the young man. "How long have you been married?" asked the expe- rienced one. "Six months." "Too late. You ought to have bought it the first week. She will take it now as an indication that you no longer love her." ' _

HAW Lrm.—Mean Man: "I'll never lend Thompson money again." Other Man: "Why not? You don't mean to say he hasn't paid you V' Mean man: "Paid me! Why, he paid me two days after he borrowed the money. Didn't even give me a tbonee to say to my friends that I'd be lucky if I ever got it back!"

A Camarta, WOMAN.—" Speaking of women with saving dispositions," said Dixmyth, "my wife's in a class all by herself." "How so P' queried his friend Hojax. "Last week I bought an upright piano," replied Dixinyth, "and my wife made a beautiful green plush cover for it, so the polish wouldn't get scratched. Yesterday she made another cover of linen to go over the plush to prevent that from getting soiled. Next week I suppose she'll make a calico cover to protect the linen. Oh, I tell you women have great,_ fertile minds." "DARLING," said the young man, as he tenderly raised the lovely, head from the place where it had rested an hour or more, got up, sat down again on the other side of the beautiful maiden, and once more drew the golden curls to his bosom, "von have no 'objection to this slight change of position, have you ? " " No, Alfred," she murmured softly, "your heart is on this side." "Yes, my angel," responded the young Man, his voice trembling with deep feeling, "and my vest will now get worn alike on both sides." " WE'LL have to give up the idea of louttin pictures in the parlour, Jane," remarked Old John Turnipseed, as he threw the bridle under the table. " Why ?" asked his wife. "Too dear! Why, I priced one in town to-day, and the dealer sez, sez he That's an old' master; its price is £.500.' " ' Why,' sez I, it looks like a secondhand pictur.' " Yes, it is,' sez he. "Then, thinks I, if a second hand pictur costs that much, it's no use to price a new un. So Jane, I reckon we'll have to hang up a few mottoes, and the like, and let tie pictur a go."

===== 0002601_19020815_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
YELLOW AS A GUINEA.

Severe pains in the chest stomach and back, after the enjoyment of good health, were, as they are always, the result of a system poisoned by inactive kidneys. Such was the condition of Mr. lienry-Slack, of 48, Gt. Egerton-street, Stockport. "I had severe pains in my chest, stomach and back; rey skin went as yellow as s guinea, and I felt in a thoroughly bad way." Doctor's treatment for a month saw bim weaker, as he was allowed little ear nothing to eat, Little expecting relief, be tried Dodd's Kidney Pills, and began at once to mend. "I am now as well as ever I was, and I can safely say it was Dodd's Kidney Pills that put me right." Mr Sack was suffering frno the direct effects of kidney derangement, and his symptoms were entirely due to them. One his kidneys acted as nature intended, he rapidly became WE P. Dodd's Kidney Pills set the kidneys vine, made them healthy and strong and able to do their duty,as they have done in thousands o! cases, curing diseases that are due to failwe of the ' kidneys only. Dodd'a Kidney Pil:s are 2s 91 per box, of all Chemists, or post free en receipt of price from The Dodds Medicinv Cc., 23, Farringdon Avenue, Loncion, E.C. Be sure ut the name, D-o-d d-'s.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
.t.7t, ' - ' ' - iimminoiminillimilibi

===== 0002601_19020815_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe 44 Cram inn' smug

T" WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE Exam Ma." published every Saturday morning. T" HEARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" " Ruxconx EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" WrDNES Eassiii:En," published every Friday afternoon. PREPAID APARTMENTS WANT ED APARTMENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

ADVERTISEMENTS HOUSES WANT ED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 '47 36 43 64

===== 0002601_19020815_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
3omtstit gurbantO, etc.

WANTED,COOK-GENHB,AL.—Mes. HOWE, Newmarket- street, Buxt,,n.

-vir A.NTED, Two smart Girls as GIiNNRALS.—AppIy 65, CHAPEL-STREET, el alforcl, ,danchester.

IVANTED, good, trustworthy GEBERAL.—A pply, Asa- FIELD, D, Addison-road, Moor Park. Preston.

WANTHD, GENERAL, goad references, all duties, three ia family.—Mrs BIRTWELL, Itifq,nor Park, Knutsford.

WANTaII immemateiy, a thoroughly smart COOK- UNEIERaL, no washing.—Mrs CROSS, Illsinore,Bury.

WANTED a VIARP GIRL for Housework,about 16-229, GT CHEETHAM-sTNEET, krt. BrOughtoa, Maud:tester. -

. . WANTED GENERAL, good cook,over 25; three in family, wages DEIARIX, Boothitown. aneheater.

AATANTBD. COOK IA(. where another is kept.- 11 Mrs. J. if. STEPHEN. Bedford Vicarage. Leigh. Lane.

WANTED HODdEMAID-WAITRESS, August 21st, other housemaid kept.—kths. TATHAM, The Park,Wilnaslow , Cheshire.

AITIMS or HOUSIGSIAID-WAILTEICaS Wanted.— Apply M.o. G. SotwasE, Eastwood, Ithinham-road Altrinrham.

WANTED GENBRAL ; comfortable bomb; good wages.— Apply W LEWIS, 637, Stretford-road, Old rafford, 2daacheeter.

WANTED GOOD GENERAL. able to do plain cooking, must have good reterences.—Apply iioait'a HEAD HOTEL. Tyldesley.

WANTED Good GENERAL for the kitchen; good place for steady willing girl,—Apply, SWAN HoTeL, Tarporley, Cheshire.

ANTANTED, GIRL about 18 in a family of three; a good home.—Addreas with ref ereneea W Rowarm,2sl,strst- ford-road, Manchester.

--- WANTED COOK-GENERAL, £2O; Housemaid-Waitress £l.B ; family four ; comfortable home ; fares paid.— C02.11E-ROJ3,

I/ ANTBD COUNTICY 01111,a. General, good character equired ; state wages.—Tomicra, 6, Goldsworthy•rd, Fliaton, Blanchester.

VVTANTip GIiNDRAL for end M august, all duties family twe.—Letters " GREYSWOOD " Western Drive, Graeseadale. 14.1.

tverpoOl

Nikr ANTED good GENERAL oRIIVANT to assist in bar, references required.—Apply personally, Mrs FitTLME, Railway Inn, Tyldesley, - _

_ WANTED EXPERIENCED GENERAL, for 17, Stafford- road ; no washing.—Apply in firat Instance to 117 BRIDGE-gnu:Er, Warrington.

AVANTBD,a Good GBNBRAL or Housemaid-waitress and good plain Cook, under 30.—Wmums, The LindenS, Church Walks, Llandudno.

_ WANTED HODS'S PARLOU BAWD for smell family ; three servants kept. —Sirs BUR Z, Sandiford Cottage Holmes Chapel, Cheshire.

WANTED, PARLOURNIAID, for country ; three in V! family • four servants; good wages.—Apply Mrs. STEWABT. Hale Vicarage, Liverpool

WANTED, GENERAL good character, strong; three in family. state age, and wages required.—MLlATlN, The Vicarage. Charlemworth, near Manchester. . _

NIU AS MD, good COOK, at once ; live servants kept, V including butler; also two nurses ; £26.—Hon. Mrs. BARLOW, Torkington Hazelgrove, Cheshire.

Lodge,

_ A LL CLASSES of SERVANTS ready from country and -LA town, public and private.—Ladies should call or write HARRISON'S. 8 Oldham-street, Manchester. Estab 1862,

WAN klil) OUaIS4LU. good vidatress, age ',bout 30, good reterence ; pleasant place between 'shy' and Colwyn Bay.—Address, Sirs. eitlrrlTHs. Brynaber,Abergele

- WABYSM COOKS. HOUSBMEUDS. Nurses, Several Generals. Some for Master and Mistress only.— BOTTO3ILEY'S REGISTRY, Morley-street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

LL CLASSES of SITUATIONS, private and public ; -A. good homes • excellent wages ; places in town,country and seaside.-Write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldham-st.,Manchester.

AvANTED AT ONCE.—COOK 3, HEAD-IrIOUSENIAUD, good GENEUALS, highest wages ; superior *Rua- tions.—Airite, En DsviEs, IN, Wilnislow-road.Witbington, Manchester.

UXPERIIINCBD Male and Female NURSES et a 124 moment's notice for all cases.—Apply Nuns Es !Nevin/- TIM 70, tiopc-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

'looKei WANTIM from J 22,) to £24. Housemaid Waitresses kj £lB to £23, Generale £8 to £2O. Girls £l4. excellent places; small families.—Write to HARRISON'S. 6 Oldham- street, Manchester.

Enantrti.

GOOD HAMPER Iid.KER Wanted at once.—Apply FR ANK WRIGHT, Mawdesley, near Ormskirk. -

WiED. particulars of Homes for Boarders, Invalids, Children. Apart meats , Hodges, Sclaools.—'.6UßVEß, 163 Piccadilly, London

WAR MEDALS wanted.dated 1548,22 Riven ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Atbara, Matabele,tdaahona,Ferlian Raid, &e.—Major Towns, Droitwieh.

AGENTS WANTED to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furni- ture, Clotbing,Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—HERRIDGIE AND CO (102) BirDlinghatn.

Ai EN WANTED.—I'II start you in Business, enormous -al profits ; 8 samples and printed outfit for 4 stamps.— E. KING, 2, Frederick-Creacent, Brixton, London, S.W.

IpiltAKßß.—Wanted a YOUTH to learn the trade of con- fectionery and tread ; good home, with clothes and le per week.— Address R. R. L., 254. Regent-road, Salford, Manchester.

13119BARL &Saila/UWE COMPANY.—WantPd, energertie YOUNG MAN, canvass and collect; salary and corn IDlSSieD.—Apply DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT, 26, Arpley- street, Warrington.

- --kaBBTS—WiIiTED to sell very smart line required by [IL every householder ' liberal commission ; enclose Id stamp for particulars.—PLATX &CTIIIIIN6 Co.. 20' Halford-street, Leicester.

AGENTS WANTED (Warrington and district), either whole or spare time, for an Investment Company ; salary and commission to suitable men.—Apply, 21 YORK RVILDINGEI, Moslev-street, Manchester.

A4IMIT required. really good man, in every town,ta push sales and obtain advertisements for excellent attractive medium ; orders easily secured; good commission.—FßO- PEATY GAZETTEXA, 1, Mitre Court, Fleet-street, LC.

SKELTON'S LIMITED

HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND DISPLAY OF

‘.;UTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, &

SPLENDID STOCX OP CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTED PLATE

AT VERY LOWEST PRICES.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND

LOOK ROUND.

SKELTON'S LIMITED,

HORSEMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

JOHN EASON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRENCH POLISHERS, ___

_ STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. 701 IN BMSON has been over 36 years with

Robert Garnett and Eons, and 28 year' as Foreman ToHaber.

PRITATE ADDREEB :-19, THINNE-STERIT.

Itotelcs, tparos, 33oatttng Vtab.

T 0. M.—GRAND ROM., DOUGLAS.—Boarding terms le 45a to 63e Der week —A B DOE, Manager.

SOARBOROURH.—St. Aubyn's Boariing House. New Queen-street; sea views ; central; comfortable, and mod=ate terms.—MANAGERESS,

juLANDUDNO.—Mrs °wit/4. Faenol, Harcourt Road Craig-y-don,BOARD and RESIDRNOB. Mountain and Sea Views, five minutes from Parade, 4s per day. 25s week

11110LACKPOuL,.—BROOKLANDS BOAtiplfiii lid TAB- -LP LISHMIIST, 12, Tyldesley-terrace, Promenade; every window sea view; highly rye, nimended; moderate —WieEmax.

apartmtntO jfurnfObtii llouOttre

xr as P. WISE, 2, Rateliffe•place, Keswick. Apartments with or without board.

B LACKPOOL (Central).—Mrs WRIGHT (late of Kids- -11-0 grove). Hareeastle House, 47, Palatine-road, Piano.

QT. AHNH'S-ON-SBA.—Mra, J. H. TAYLOR (Of Oldham). Sunnyaide, 15, St. Alban-rd. Piano. Terme moderate.

KNOTT BND, FLBETWOOD.—Facing Sea, Public or private, terms moderate.—lttaa SREEDLEY, Bay View House.

P EAL I.O.M.—Miss KELLv,Creg Malin View ; command- ing situation, overlooking the Bay ; splendid bathing and boating.

DouGLAS—Private Apartments, 30, Woodbmrne-square. near Promenade; cable tram passes.—Mrs BURR MOM Manchester.)

WIUTTAKER, 12, Grafton-rod. .I.VI W.H.—Apartments, Public; or Private; near *ea and Alhambra.

BLACKPOOL.—Home from home; good beds ; near Central Station and sea ; piano.—Mrs CALVERT, 44 Hornby-road,

SCARBOROUG/L—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; pleasant Locality; terms moaerate.—Apply Mas IRELAND. 2, Columbus Ravine.

W&R,TON, Clarnforth.—Sitting room and Bedroom; 10e 6d weekly, sea and mountain air,—Mrs FRANK BECK, Main-street.

BLacKrooL.—Comfortable home. le. each person for bed and attendance; piano.-31re, Bnomrs, 10. nyclal- terrace, Central-road.

A VAlLlAlbello or hUARD-UisilJE:+4..ll; iu gooci house in grounds, near New Brighton.—Apply 2, BEACH BANK- AVENUE, Manor-road, ',heard.

SOUTHPORT.—Public and private apartments, Pianos, The MISSES SCHOFIELD AND ELLIS, Beach View, 32, Seabank-road,

TRS MATHER (near station and sea). APARTMENTS ; ..131 bath and piano.-16, T. DAVID'S-ROAD SOUTH. SI. Annes-on-the•Sea.

Rma..—Comfortable AYAUThIIiNTo, "oath home com- forts ; terms moderace.-4m DAVIS, Brosely Rouse, 3, Clwyd-street. Ethyl.

CUMBERLAND LAKE DISTRICT.—For Free List of Furnished Houses, Sporting Estates, apply 3 HABDIIPG, 4e, King-street, Peurith.

NTORTH WALES.—To be let, HOUSES, furnished, mi- ll furnished Or spartments.—EßACßSTONE AND Co—House Agents, Colwyn Bay,

ORECAId MS.—Hrs. Pictruser.r...l2, VVel lington• terrace jU near L. and N.-W. Station ; piano; bo me irom home, 5 minutes from Promenade.

CLIiVRLBYS, POULTON-LE-PYLDE.—Near electric train and sea; piano, bath, w.c. &c.—Mlll ALFRED MARSDEN, Primrose Place. MORECM ~ AMBE, W.E.—APARTMENTS with or without board. Bath and piano. —Mrs B Srmeso:s, Hungerford Home, 33. Westminster-load.

-- QOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; front bed- kJ room. and private sitting-room ; terms moderate.— Miss COPPLIC, 38, Bouthbank-road.

XTIOR SITTING and 13ND ROOM (one or two beds),vacant .1.1 16th of August; sea and re ountain.—Mrs OwEN,Madryn House, Llanbedrog, Pwllheli, north Wales.

QOUTHPOIIT.—COMPOKTABLei APARTMRNTS, near Promenade; bath; piano ; very moderate terme.—JH. WARD, 8. Gordon-stroet.

To LET small FURNISHED 00TrAHE with attendance. .1 Mountain and sea air, suit quiet couple, 9s per week.— Miss F. CLARK, Liawm, near Holywell, North Wales.

T LANE/ OLLIIN, Vale of—Villa Residence—Two entertain- -1J ing, 5 bedrooms, w.e. ; coacb-house, stable, tennis lawn, gardens ; water supply and drainage good; elevated situation; extensive views; 10 minutes' walk from station. Rent moderate.—Bneins, House and Estate Agent Llan— gollen.

Ipartirtents, furnisbeb i/cuse6

QCARBORo.—ApartainuLa twu,, esy.—Pasice, 3 I. Blenheim Terrace. iloarce,e from tnl per clay.

BLACKPOOL—APARTMHNTS, 205, Central Drive,boutb; double bedded room, Ss ; tour minutes from sea ; trams pass door—Mrs GREAVES.

MOBBCA.DIBB.—hins SAMUEL CRYEE, Hamer HOUle, Walker-street, off Thornton-road, Five minutes from station and sea. Bath and piano.

"Vl, OttlitiAMßß comfortable APARTMIINTS public 131 or private also combined LOOM, Bath.—Ddlia. LEE, ttareldene, 59, Sea View parade.

D LACKPOOL.—Missee TaosaPsos, Oriel House, 59a, Albert-road, near Central Station, Sea, and all places of amusement. Cycle actorr modatiou. 00UNTRY APARTMENTS.—Mrs A WORsLitY, (late of orthw 'eh), Cedar Cottage, Middle-lane, South Shore, Blackpool. Penny Tram, Benson-lane.

/111URCH STBETION, Sbropshlre.—Plain, Comfortable A.PaItTI4ENT3 ; lovely scenery, mountain air,—Mrs JONES. Ancient House, Little Stretton.

RHYL.—COMFORTABLM APARTMNNTc, with or with- out board,accommodation for cyclists ; terms moderate. WlLLlsise, Dining rooms, 9, Market-street.

OWNBSS, WINDERMISRB.—NIce Furnished ROUSH, 4 bedrooms,l sitting-room, bath h and C. for beptember or longer.—Apply W Har.mkri, Gill Read, Storrs Park.

I AXNY, I.O.M.—APAUTbIbriTS, With or Without .1.1 board Terms moderate. Five minutes from shore and electric tram.--fdne IRELAND, Glen-road, Laxey•

DLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board; situated near station and sea ; trams pass door,—Mrs. FLITON. Crompton House, 128, Central-drive. Piano.

BLAOKPOOL.—Comfortabie APAIPPHHNTS close to Tsibot-road Station, with or without board, Plano. Terms Moderate.—lUns. LlvlrrosTeslE, b. Topping-street.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY AUGUST 15 1902

===== 0002601_19020815_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
zaleo 'Op Vribatt Crum

TRELS, FILRS and TOOLS, wholesale and retall.—Joßsi KIMMER, Cambridge Works Sheffield.

DRODICT YOUR FURS —Use " BRACON ANTI-HOTH.' Tini 3d and ?cl post free.—TßE FUR STORE, Halifax.

LICZEM a.—Certain Cure Prescription (plain English) .L:4 is id post free.—Picavolt, 13 Union-street, Coventry.

-DEAD IDEAL HEALTH, by Dr A Bryce, M.D. ; Is net; .1.4 le lad post.—All booksellers or HERBERT TERRY & SONS Itedditch.

veilLlu:oms are LAttlidi (is .13U Thltd ot May and Clover.—Apply, FAULKNEREI, Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

ADJUSTABLE LADDERS, extension and ordinary; all purposes. Lie. tree.—DaEw AND CLARK, 19 Waterloo- road, London.

QLIDIS RULis CALLAJLAVONSI lageliously simplified ; 1..) instruction book post free is 4d.--00mcE, 6, Mansfield- road, Bradford.

AUBIATS wanted to sell Improved Filter and Splaah Preventer.aWill fit any size tap.—UNIVERsAL FILTER Co. Dept 48. Sheffield.

ASTROLOGY.—your Future Foretold, marriage, &c., state birtbtime, 13 stamps, stamped envelope. YEW,. Bow- oBB (Desk 1), Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

HANDSOME ROWING GIG, 25ft. Bin. lona, 51t. beam, teakwood, lying in North-east Brocklebank Dock —J. IOBERII3, 18, Lyon-street, Bootle.

I_IOIYKLINE comPurix Los PAD imparts to the skin marvellous beauty ; dazzling whiteness pretty jewellery present le.—" HONELINE." 51. Kellett-road. BriXton.

A GIiNTS, Whole or part time, to sell Assurance Tea, 11.. Coffee and Cocoa, securing tree life assurance to all purchasers; benefits from £42.-54, SWINEGATE, Leeds.

PO HOTEL and P.H. Proprietors.—Best 2d Cigar in the _L world. Sample ls,direet from Manuf4eturer.-I.IIPORTIra, 26, Beekenham-road,Penge, London. Thousands selling daily

SOARBOROUGH. —Red Lea Boarding House, Priuce of Wales Terrace and Granville B3arding House,Bsplanade; best positions with full sea view ; electric light through out. —Apply Miss RIDLEY.

CIGARS I CIGARS! CIGARS m Fro Manufacturer to Smoker. Grand value Seed 50. Sample Is —'loce ERT, Hots] Maple, Beckenham-road, London. Repeat orders by every post. Agents wanted.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
stotits, Zuointsoro, ett.

eIAPITAL MIXBD BUSINESS for disposal, good living, no reasonable offer ref used,-324 ORDbAL-LANE, Salford. MI Leri,clklinEe ss eoo. d porpi o no nml ya I n Aropapdl;ybri, shown; CHILATER-ROAD, Hollinwood.

VOR DISPOSAL a WHEELWRIGHT'S BUSINESS good J_' connection, valuation about BSl—Apply L. M. , "Examiner Office," Warrington.

PORK BUSINESS, doing good retail trade; goodwill and fixtures, side mirrors, marble slabs and counter ; imme- diate disposal.—Apply 283, Stanley-rd. Bootle. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ftorses4 Tarrtagels, tibt *tork, srt

A Good LURRIRS, 5 CARTS, good conditiona ; fit fcr contractors or farmers.—W. NOfifirS.Farnworth,Wldnes.

'%/f AIL CART, cane ; light tan; 3 positions ; folding i3l shafts; strap springs ; quite new ; 455. ; approval- -34. bDITE-ROAD, eacom be. DURR-1311BD Buff Orpington's ; Itggs 3s per doz. (unfer- tile replaced); Chickens from 63 per doz. Lis sent.— BIGHTDIGALE, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

CO be tet.

TO LET COTTAGE OFF LOVELY LANE, rent 3s 9cl. i Apply WOOD& AND tioN, Solicitors, Horsemark et-street, Warrington,

TO LBT GOOD HODS% (3 bedrooms) off II RWSBY- -1 ROAD, rent 4s 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

910 LET, ETABLE and COACHHOUSE, with lofts over ' large yard attached at Tannersane.—Appiy WOODS & Sol Bolieitors, 65, liorsemarketatree Warringlan•

BOOTS' BLOOD PURIFIER IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FAR ALL DISEASES OF

THE BLOOD.

CLEANSES THE SYSTEM Town ALL IMPURITIES. CURBS PIMPLES ON THE FACE. CURES ALL ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN. CURES BAD LEGS AND ULCERS. CURES SCURVY AND SCROFULOUS SORES. TESTIMONIAL.

Messrs BoOTS.—It gives me much pleasure to send you a testimonial regarding the efficiency of your Blood Purifier. I have unfortunately suffered from a bad leg and dropsy for some time, and had been in the habit of using other Blood Purifiers. The low price of yours in comparison to others led me to give it a trial, and I only think it fair that I should state to those who like myself have to study economy,that they will find, as I have done, a medicine that does what it prqesses to do.—(Signed). 4. P. SOLOMON. RION IS. AND IS. 9D. PER BOTTLE. MALT EXTRACT WITH COD LIVER OIL. • An exceedingly nutritious food, furnishing a large amount of nourishment in a small space, supplying fat and assisting the digestion of other food. It is therefore specially suitable for Invalids, Delicate Persons and Weakly Children. MALT EXTRACT wITH COD LIVER OIL (BAELZYCORN BRAND), BATHE BEST. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS A speedy, safe, and certain remedy for Biliousness, Indigestion, and Sick Headache. PRICE Is. lin. FOR 94D. BY A COURSE OF WILLS' BLOOD AND SKIN POWDERS

BLOTCHFS, P/MPLES, BOILS. &C., ARE SPEEDILY RELIVED AND PERMANENTLY CURED. PRICE 6D. AND 90. PER BOX.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. "Alter one dressing I found 136 dead next morn. in g."—J. Brass, Helsthorpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats w ith Sanford's Poison."-0. Coon, Fernier. Ellesmere. destroyed 145 rate with Offord.--3end 14 Ed to SANFORD A SONS, Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Cla emists.

Spalo bp Warm Zrtatv.

OHM UINIC old Vioilne. £6 and £3, both great bargains a another 302.—£03,18DAL, Swindon.

V lOLIN for sale, genuine, old, £4 ; also splendid Violin, V 171 6cl.—Vromx, 24 London-road Maldon.

PRODICT your Furl'. Ure Bottum Anti-Moth. Tina Cd and 9d poet free.—Tau NUR STORE, /masa.

]J AILEIED LADIuS,UOttIiESPONDEIST .—Send stamped address tor particulars to Mrs J Wi LSON, Alchor-grove, Sheffield.

SMOKBRS, best and simplest, ANTI-NIX/...11NR PIPE yet invented, as. Illuatratea list tree, marvellously simple aud effeetive.—EZVElsBE YIPE Weanestield.

PO9TUABD, British and Continental, I) Posted to collectors, tqd. 9d, ls 6d, 2s 3d doz, postage eatra.—COnNS, Importer, twuth tiliore, Blackpool.

CIREAP .PRINTING —Cards 3i ;and 2k Memos and ruled Biltheads, 81- x 5, Ito, ls 3d ; 250, 26 6d ; post tree.— JACKSON. 68, °Teat College-street, London, N.W.

/_ WABKLY, in spare time, no outlay ; particuleirs / and materials tree; enclose 3d for postage (return- able. -GrUFFITxS 6 Shrubiand arove, London N.H.

POACTICAiId of all kinds, even It laded, enlarged to life size, beautifully mounted for 4s 6d. Satistacidon given or money returned.—J. W. WHITEHEAD, Rye, Sussex.

S. BEATALL BARGAIN PARCELS on weekly payments V 13 ad each ; Marvellous value ; Customers delighted ; Particulars on applying.--kszwiTT, 41, Hlgh-street,Husnden.

4.-rj AMAISM,' the only genuine cure for Baldness, Will 1.1. grow lovely hair in place of "Bald pat ches." P.O 2s 61 —HAIRDRESSER'S SUNDRIES Co, 43 Furnival-at, London B.C.

10RONATION Model Hall-farthings, Hdward VII, 1902. N.../ Five sent post free for 61. These will be curiosities in years to coaIe.—KEVELL, 11 King-street, $t James's,London

eptles, Etc

GEO. virRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MARC RESTER.

BY SPECIAL - TO HIS ROYAL WARRANT OF ~J7,111t,..- MAI/SIM H B APPOINT KENT AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES. 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, . WARRINGTON,

Oggo, Voultrp, ttr.

()Ii SALE, five STEAM BOILERS; to be seen working, 70lb pressure, nin by (It and Pollitt's make ; £5O each —IBI.IC BUTTERWORT/I, 15, Drake-street, Rochdale.

-F AMltd P. BATH and SOIL STOCK AND SHARD BROKERS, Established 1575. 29, RA NELAGH-3THEET, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_19020815_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
&Mt bp Anatol'.

iii .31.E.SWRS JOHN _ISAINIPARING A-VD CO.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
I(AN KERKURA peinlestly cares Canker,dipbtheritie ronp, diseased combs,te. 7d—MAGGS Bnos,Faneiers,Swanaea.

'hart.

731 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. A PEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND TIORSE2INN." THIS ESTABLISHMENT jts OPEN EACH MO NING BEFORE 6 O'CLOCK FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVERPOoL. MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLES, &C. ALL OTHER NISWSPAPIIR PERIODICALS. MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Posta District can be supplied by the first early poet with any o the abeVe Newspapers by sending their orders to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF JOHN ALLEN, LATE OF CHADWICK'S, SCOTLAND-BOAD,

THE KING'S recovery hee astonished even the most hopeful. It Wile generally believed that, even if he were able to go through the Coronation ceremony at all, it would only be under such conditions as would deprive the ceremony of most of its splendour. But the .g 154 has not only been crowned—he has been crowned in wonderfully better health than anyone predict' ed for him, and he is none the worse for the strain, , It is a very remarkable and gratifying achieve' ment. No doubt one chief factor in the KINGS restoration has been his own fortitude. It v 759 , resolved, at all costs to his comfort, to prevent repetition of the bitter disappointment of lest June, and his country owes him much gratitucle for his courage and perseverance. The KING bo' always attached great importance to demonstrations as belong to all parties common. He has always shewn that be rellises that the crown is the symbol of the " common dignity, and sympathies of 13164 countrymen. Everyone recalls how prompt 13 was to join in the general tribute to Mr GLAD' ' STONE'S memory at the funeral of that great stater ° man. Saturday's ceremony was not the cornmeal° ation of any ideas of conquest or plunder or race pride. It was a ceremony which is much older than those ideas. The Colonies who joined in 15 represent not the modern spirit of Imperialism,bo the old traditional ideas and forces of free govero- ment. The KING was not crowned as a conqueror but as the ruler of free men; and his Coronatio° ought to recall men's minds to the great truth that the most splendid things in British histell' in which that ceremony now finds its place, have not been war and dominion, but freedom and self- respecting power.

IThe Coronation.

The most important of the Coronation Hone was reserved for disclosure to the public until the Coronation was an accomplished act. The nei/ peers and knights and so forth received Wit favours early because his Majesty knew that in bis precarious condition of health there was a danger, that he might not otherwise be able to aw'3ol these distinctions. But the intention to remeer. ber the people, and to do so in such a muniliceo manner as by the gift of Osborne House for evert was kept secret until his Majesty had sat in tb. chair of ST. EDWARD andiall the ceremony had beerl discharged. It may be that he was desirous t° have the welcome of his people unstioaulated bl such a special act of generosity on:his part. Pe, certainly had every indication of their regard fe'" him and their enthusiasm on his recovery t'ci health. The KING'S thoughtful act is the 0014 noteworthy because, with the enlargement of tile Privy Purse made on his Majesty's accession °at the throne, the maintenance of the estate a 'Osborne would not have been a burden to hil3l; Windsor and Balmoral undoubtedly involve heavy expense, and residence at Buckinghet.° , Palace for part of the year will be costly enoug'" but the nation has provided his Majesty with e° ample income ; and,despite all rumours to the CO trary, the Sovereign is not extravagant 10 tastes if we allovv for the demands which! exalted station makes upon hira and his l'lghe sense of correctness. The reference to strong home ties in the county of Norfolk" 133,,t1-4 cause a thrill of satisfaction throughout -""ftio'r Anglia but not in 'East Anglia only, he the nation like to think of the pleasure of to KING in putting aside at periods the pomPeib kingship, and rejoicing in the part of an gentleman—interested in crops and cattle. The concession of the domain—which sv°'s nsecl Queen VICTORIA.S private property— to be - a convalescent home by Army and Navy officael, enables the KING to gratify at once two noble LEL bitions—his pride in the Army and his solicitn; for the sick. They exhibit at once hie 1411)Pg

===== 0002601_19020815_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
And his gentleness. To shew the latter without the first named would be to play the woman. To take an interest only in the vigour of arms, whether in scarlet or khaki,would be to ignore the essentially domestic nature of English life. King EDWARD, in his concern for our warriors and our hospitals, touches the popular sentiment, and all the more warmly because we know that those feel- ings are perfectly sincere. To the officers in the two Services the provision will come as a great boon. We kno s how the private incomes of our county 'families have shrunk, and how difficult it is for them to help their sons who havo commissions in the Army. We know it is still harder for men who have risen from the ranks to meet the exi- gencies of their higher station ; and many of them have nowhere to go when they are discharged from hospital as convalescent. Daring the South African war much was done by private benevo- lence, and the Misses KEYSER in particular set a splendid example by devoting their residence in Grosvenor-Place to the care of the officers who, brought home from the front, still required nurs- ing. The KING made frequent visits to this Home of Rest, and the ladies and the nurses had the pleasure of accumulating a long row of photo- graphs of distinguished officers who recovered health under their care. These included many of the Victoria Cross winners. But private benevo- lence, however delicately provided in the name of hospitality, does not properly meet such cases. Osborne House, with the gentle air of_ the Solent, can be made to relieve much anxiety, and both the nation and Army will be deeply grateful to the KING for this act of mueificence, and will cherish in association with it the memory of good QUEEN VICTORIA.

IT was thought at The Education Bill, one time that the fierce discussions on the Educa- tion Bill would be prolonged beyond the Corona- tion. This expectation was not fulfilled, but Mr. 'BALFOUR is greatly mistaken if he thinks the majority in the Commons has settled the fate of the Bill. The TIMM of Commons has so far de- cided two things of great importance. The first is that the School Boards are to be abolished; the second that the public authorities are to bear only a one-third representationnon the governing body of the Voluntary Schools. But this decision is not final, for no one can pretend that the Government has ever taken the country into their confidence. There will be a fierce and strenuous agitation in the country against the Bill. In the House of Commons it is not only Liberals that resent the injustice of the new arrangement respecting Voluntary Schools. Several Conservatives and Unionists, including Sir MICHAEL FOSTER, Mr. MIDDLEMORE, and Mr. TRITTON, have all protested strongly against the unfair distribu- tion of private and public control in the govern- ment of schools that are to live on public money. Mr. LLovo-Gironas put the policy of the Govern- ment in a happy phrase when he said that the Government were on the rocks and they were putting the chaplain on the bridge. Mr. BALFOUR is possessed by the belief that the parson must be left to control the schools. Several members of his party have suggested that it was possible to make all facilities for giving definite religious in- struction in the schools and yet allow public con- trol. Arrangements of this kind are in operation in many of the colonies. But Mr. BA.LFOUR will not hear of it. He is satified with nothing short

43f a system that gives the Voluntary achool party the full control; the teachers must be appointed, and not merely the religious instruction given, by the denomi- nation. Mr. BALFOUR is quite careless of the great hardship this plan imposes on the Noncon- formists and the public. It is a plan the country will not accept. If the Church only asks for some arrangement by which denominational teaching an be given the demand can be met. It is met in Szotland. It is met in other countries. But the Church demands that the State be allowed to control all these schools, towards which she con- tributes nothing but part of the cost of the build- ing and the upkeep. The Church is to have the use of these schools on Sundays,and yet the public is to pay for thcir maintenance without the right to their control. Mr. BALFOUR is acting very foolishly in persuading himself that this kind of plan can be forced on the country. ft will be fiercely contested, and the result will be angry feuds and the further embarrassment of a great public interest.

-- When England was defeated at Old Trafford in the fourth test match by three runs we were quite sure that we had seen the most exciting test , match ever played and almost as confident that there would never be another to equal it for ' sensation. Yet the very next, and last, match has surpassed even this memorable encounter in all respects. First and foremost England won and -saved herself from complete humiliation at the , hands of the clever Australians. The victory, too, , was the narrowest possible, for the last batsmen • came in when 15 runs were wanted--seven more than at Old Trafford—and,thank the fates and the . plucky Yorkshiremen ! they were in to the end of the chapter which closed with an English one wicket victory. Hirst and Rhodes well deserved , the ecstatic encomiums lavished upon them, as did their fellow Tyke the Hon. F. S. Jackson,but there was a greater even than they. Gilbert Jessop came in when five of England's best wickets had ' . fallen for 48 runs and there were still over 200 re- quired. Was he dismayed? Not he! He set about , the bowling as only he knows how and by a dis- play of simply electrifying cricket rattled up 101 runs in 70 minutes. The incomparable Trumble and the insidious Saunders were treated with a , lack of ceremony unheard of the latter be even being n ' " knocked-off "by Jessop's cyclonic hitting. He undoubtedly won the match, not only by scoring the runs he did but by getting them in such quick L time, for rain came on immediately after the finish. It was a Wonderful match, and now that the battle is over we can look back with some satisfaction for, though our visitors have won the rubber, who shall say they are superior to our- , , selves ? The old country is not played out yet and we shall have those "ashes" when once Dame -Fortune deins to smile. . 6000.11.1=1.•••••••••••••••••••••1....1.1.1.

--- The Death Rate. According to the Registrar General's official re- turns the following table shows the rate of mortality in Warrington and other Lancashire and Yorkshire towns last week ! Death rate. Death rate. Stockport 12.0 Oldhara 13.0 St Helens 170 Burnley 70 Wigan 23'0 Blackburn ... 180 WARRINGTON . 16.0 Preston.— ..... . 11 0 Bolton 9.0 Huddersfield.. 18.0 Bury 11.0 Halifax....-- 11.0 Manchester 150 Bradford 14.0 Salford 16.0 Rochdale .—. 14.0 The average for the 76 great towns was 13 6

er 1,000. LADIES' MARKET BASKETS—W=IAm BEswICI, 21. Buttermarket-street, Wsrrington.—Advt. ALL.—DNDRA THE OLOCK.—Advt LIND PM:MLR have had their sigh stored by MELLOR, 168, Oxford-stree most successful Bye Specialist in cured after Hospitals. Doctors, and I' Book post free ou mentioning this

B BST BOOTS

30,000 BI rei Manchester. The Dnaland. lie has t Oculists have failed Over.---Advt.

N

===== 0002601_19020815_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CORONATION TWINS.

Them was a special distinction conferred upon the household of the Rev J Osborne, pastor of the Runcorn Bethesda CJngregational Church. on Coronation Day. The event, upon which Mr Osborne has received the congratulations of his numerous friends, was the arrival of twin girls. The mother and daughters, we are pleased to say, are doing well. NARROW ESCAPE FROM LDROWNING.

On Tuesday afternoon Attred Haddock, aged 7 years. of Surrey-street., Runcorn, had a narrow escape from drowning in the Bridgewater Canal at Top Locks. A number of youngsters were fishing and playing on the banks of the canal when Haddock fell into the water and had sunk three times before a workman named C Az•hcroft, who had been attracted by the boy's cries for help, came on the scene and fished him out with a boathook. COWARDLY ASSAULT AT WIDNES.

On Thursday, at Widnes, John and Joseph McMahon, Ditton, were summoned by Richard Hall, Runcorn, for as3ault. Complainant stated that on the night of August 6th the defendants attacked him in Ditton-road without any provocation what- ever. A constable deposed to finding Hall lying across the footpath bleeding from the head and face. The Bench characterised the assault as a cowardly one, and fined each defendant lOs and costs or 14 days. CAMDEN WESLEYAN CHAPEL, RUNCORN.

The Nelson-street We4leyan Sunday School anni- versary services were held in the Camden Chapel on Sunday, when sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev J A B Malvern, formerly of the Runcorn circuit. In the afternoon Mr Malvern delivered an address to parents and children. Mr M Frith presided. Special hymns were rendered by the choir and scholars. Collections were taken at all the services:in aid of the Nelson-street schools.

SHIP CANAL LIGHTS AS FATALITIES AT RUNCORN.

On Tuesday, at Runcorn, Mr It Dobson, coroner, held an inquest on the body of Joseph Yates, aged twenty-five years, of Cawdor-street, Runcorn, fire- man on the Ship Canal tug Mercia, who was drowned in the canal on Friday night.—moses Kenwright, 7 Heath-road, fireman on the tug Agnes Seed, deposed to deceased and himself having two glasses of stout in the Boathouse Inn shortly before eleven o'clock on Friday night. They were both sober and went together into the Old Quay engineer- ing yard. Their vessels were moored in the vicinity It was a very dark night, there were no lights, and deceased would have to cross two awkward places to reach his ship.—The jury returned an open ver- dict, and suggested to the Manchester Ship Canal Company that the approaches to the quays should be lighted, especially on dark nights. _ EIUDDEN DEATH OF A RUNCORN WOMAN.

Mr E A White, deputy coroner, conducted an inquiry at the Runcorn Police Station, on Monday afternoon, into the circumstances attending the sudden death of Sarah Ashbrooke (66), a widow, who lived at 26 Okell-street, Runcorn.—William Ashbrooke, son of deceased, said his mother had a stroke about two years ago, and had been ailing ever since. During the last week or so she had com- plained of pains in the chest. She was ill on Thurs- day, and she went to bed about half-past eight. Witness came downstairs at nine o'clock on Friday morning, and found her lying on the kitchen floor. She was partially dressed. He tried to lift her,and found that she was dead. He brought a neighbour in, and sent for the doctor.—Dr Bethune said he saw the deceased at noon. She had been dead less than twelve hours. It was probable from her ap- pearance and the evidence of the son that death was due to failure of the heart's actiou, brought on by old age and general debility.—A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was re- turned.

STRANGE MANNER OF RETURNING GRATITUDE. Before the Llangollen justices. on Thursday, a Runcorn labourer named Thomas Massey,alias John Lowe,was charged with unlawfully assaulting Miss Eliza Roberts, a respectable lady, residing near Chick. According to the police evidence, prisoner, who was proceeding to south Wales, admitted he had indulged freely in drink, and called for refresh- ments at the house of the prosecutrix last Sunday. Massey was hospitably received and Miss Roberts engaged him to procure some water from an adjoining well. She accompanied him, both returning to her house, where she sup- plied him with free refreshments. He ultimately assaulted her She obtained a warrant for his apprehension, and the Chirk and Vroncysyllt police succeeded in tracing prisoner to Oswestry on Tues- day night, when he was brought in custody to Llan- gollen. The case caused great amiLsernent, prisoner declaring the beer proffered him was sour. He simply thanked her by placing his arm around her. The Bench, in sentencing the prisoner to seven days' imprisonment, considered the prisoner's action a strange manner of returning gratitude.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
KILLED IN THE STREET AT I

RUNCORN•

Mr Dobson, coroner, on Tuesday, at Runcorn, held an inquest upon the body of Emily Elizabeth Sant- ley, aged nine years, who was killed in Egerton- street, by a mineral water lurry on Saturday after- noon.—Joseph Santley, flatman, of 5, Egerton- street, identified the body, and said some years ago his daughter was run over by a milk earl. She could hear quite well, but could not talk properly. He was not aware that she ran after carts.—Ernma Young, 34, Wellington-street, said she saw deceased lying on the ground. Shingler, the driver of the cart, went to her and placed his arm beneath her head. Deceased was bleeding from the nose and mouth. She thought the child was dead. Witness asked Shingler what be had done and he replied that he did not know. The , cart had passed the deceased but he did not know whether the cart had passed over her. The child was on the right hand side of the cart. John J Shingler carter, Main-street, Frodsham, said he was employed by Messrs Ellison and Corker,mineral water manufacturers, Frodsham On Saturday he came to Runcorn with a lurry load. He was lead- ing his horse from the George and Dragon and turning the corner of Wellington-street. from Egerton-street, when an old man shouted "Did you see that child run against your waggon"? He , stopped the horse and ran and picked up the child; who died in his arms, He asked the old man how it was done, and he said the child '* ran smack against the waggon." Witness did not know how the accident happened but he did not think the wheel went over the child. There was no mark upon the wheels.—The Coroner said his own idea was that the wheel did pass over the child and that her head was smashed. There was no doubt the child was killed by the cart, bui, the evidence was not satisfactory. It seemed to him perfectly clear that there was no carelessness on the part of the d river.—The jury returned a verdict that the child was accidentally killed and absolved the driver of the vehicle from any blame.

LICENSING CHANGES AT NEW-T-3N. The magistrates sitting at Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday—Messrs T j Gillespie, IL Stone,Colonel Wood, and W Collingwood—granted the following transfers :—Oak Tree Inn, Newton, from Louisa M Toft to Jimes Marry Toft ; Joiners' Arms,Croft,from the late Samuel Deacon, to Martha Jane Dascon ; Fiddle-F-th-Bag, Burtonwood. from Elizabeth Nicholls to Matthew Pimblett Pownall.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY AUGUST 15, 1902

with the 15th Hussars, in which he holds a commis- sion as lieutenant. With Mrs Willis and his family deceased interested himself very greatly in the welfare of the people of the township of IVtaiston. He was a great supporter of Whiston Church, which stands near the entrance to Halsnead, and one of his sisters has made herself responsible for the musical part of the ser- vices for many years past. The Willis family are very well known in county circles, and deceased was one of the first aldermen elected on the formation of the Lanca- shire County Council. He will be most truly mourned , in Whiston and neighbaurbood,in the affairs of which tie ; bad for many years rendered so much valuable help. ; Captain Willis had the honour of being able to trace I his descent to the Conqueror. The family of D'Anyers or Danyel, whence Mr Willis derives his lineal descent, ils of Norman origin, and has the earns ot its patriarch ; inscribed on the roll of Battle Abbey. Owing, how- ever, to the destruction of deeds in the turbulent times of Coarles 1., the lineage can only be traced with accu- racy from the year 1250. Mr Willis himself was ; born at Feaiscowles douse in ' the year 1834. gte was educated at the Sandhurst Military College, and won his commi,sion by examination. He joined the 92nd Gordon Highlanders. In 1852 he embarked fcr India,and went through the whole routine of military life theze for seven years. He served through the Burmese War and the Indian Mutiny. Be retired from the service with the rank of captain. Mr Willis married Alice, daughter of Robert Elornby, of Lythwood Hall, County Szllp, clerk in holy orders, and has a daughter and son,Richard Atherton D'Anyers, who was torn in 1871. Tne Willis family have resided for gener- ations on the astound estate, and have been intimately connected with the agricultural and mining interests of the county, and were great employers of latiour at one ime.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
A Meagre Agenda.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held on Tuesday at rue Dutton Workhouse. Mr J Stokes was in the chair and there were also present :—Messrs ' 9 Taylor, T Wood, J Lea, J Thuglas, the members of the Rural District Council with G F Ashton (clerk), W limgh (assistant clerk), T Cooke, T Rilev,W DePiez (relieving officers), and J Cunnah (master.) AN APOLOGY F.IR ABSENCE FROM THE VICE-CHAIRMAN. Mr A R Norman, vice-chairman ot .the Board writing from Ramsey, asked the Clerk to kindly express his great regret that he was unable to avail himself of the kiod hospitality of the Cbairman of the B /ard of Guar- dians and District Council together with that of Mr Taylor on that day. Though absent from the gathering he need hardly say how neartily he joined them in wishing long life and happiness to our gracious King and Queen.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

It was reported that the payments for out rF lief weres as follows : Runcorn. £B5; Frodsham.£2s ; Budworth,e £2B. The general statement showed mat, ciao balance from the lest meeting was £1772 2a 11c1 ; receipts £52 5; 6a • cheques drawn, £153 31 91 ; balance in hand £1823. 8s 5. Passed on the motion of Mr Woodward. VOTES OF THANKS. .

The Rouse Committee reported the passing of a vote of thanics to Mrs Whitly, of Stretton for a treat to the old women end children on coronation day, also to Mrs Armitage of Newton for flowers to decorate the Beard room for the Guardians' luncheon -, and also to the Rev Clifton Smith Vicar of Darsebury for fruit and flower from the flower service at Daresbury Church. OMr Mosely Williams moved that the repert b adopted. Mr Roylance seconded. Approved. THE STATE OF THE HOUSE. •

Mr Mosely Williams, chairman of the House Com- mittee, reported that the committee had visited the various wards and had found everything very satisfac- tory. The number oi inmates was 152 against 136 last year. The Chairman drew attention to the crowded tit ste of the House and asked were there no able bodied men who could take a day's work at harvcsing ? The Master replied that it would be difficult to find a man suitable for such work. rhey were principally old men, _ . .

A discussion ensued on the subject and it was ultim- ately resolved that a nmmittee be appointed to s whether some of the inmates could not be found emplot- moot. The Guardians were strongly of opiniou that men able to work should not eat the brcal of idleness in the Workhouse.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES

LBY A CORRESPONDENT].

Last Saturday the Frienaly Societies held the demonstration they should have held some weeks ago in commemoration of the Coronation of the King. The turn-out was a very imposing one, and a semi-official air was imparted to the proceedings by the Societies being headed by the Cuief Citizen of the town and the City Fathers. It cannot be said, however, that Coronation Day was observed as a general holiday. While many tradesmen shut for a few hours, still fewer closed all day, the majority remaining open the whole of the time. A minority made a pretence at decorations but, gener- ally, the inhabitants were content with what they had done some little time ago. Altogether Runcorn did not commemorate in any particular marked manner the crowning of His Majesty King Edward the VII. on Saturday last.

The banquet in commemoration of the King's Coronation given by Mr Taylor .1.P., (.chairman of the Urban District Council), Mr Knowles (chairman of the Rural District Council), and Mr Stokes (chairman of the Board of Guardians), was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. some of the speeches were of a very eloquent order indeed and , one could not help feeling impressed with the good ' feeling which prevailed among the members of the different authorities. Toe most pleasing feature of the gathering was the presentation to ir Moseley- Williams on the occasion of his marriage.. It is interesting to record the fact that the gentleman has turned the corner of the Psalmist's three score years and ten. For a very long time Me Williams has represented Frodsham and has done yeoman service to the Board and the Council. In a few months the probability is that he will sever his connection with the authorities with which he has so long been associated. As was justly remarked at the meeting his removal will be a loss to the Board and to the district generally. The chairman of the Urban District Council was in a jocular but nevertheless practical mood. In a very fine out- spoken utterance Mr faylor avowed that the reason why he so continuously attended the Board meet- ings was due to the fact that he did so out of pure love for the poor classes with which the Board had to:deal. Such a noble sentiment was applauded as it deserved to be to the very echo. It is to be hoped that the people of Runcorn take note of these human touches which make the whole worli kin and appreciate them as they ought to be.

The Thelwall nuisance still exercises the soul of Admiral Jones-Parry. On Tuesday he was on the war-path and it took the Medical Officer all his time to answer the very pertinent questions put by him. Without a doubt the Admiral is entirely right in his contentions. There can be positively no justification why certain sewerage works at Thel- wall should have been stopped for over a month the inhabitants meantime suffering the greatest incon- venience in constquence of the effluvia which arises from the semi-completed works. It is also only fitting and proper that Mr Naylor should have the report that as wks for. Ana it further is abso- lutely necessary that the contradictory reports on the state of the Thelwall water should be reconciled by those whose duty it is ta reconcile such state- ments. The Council are not yet out of the wood by any means. The majority think they are but there will be a rude awakening, it is to be feared, ere long.

The inmates at the workhouse are going to have a lively time of it before the harvesting season is over. The Guardians—noted tight-fisted custodians of the ratepayers' purse—are determined that the able-bodied men who are fit to do a day's work shall not eat the bread of idleness. Those who can help to swell the song of harvest home are to be ap- proached and offered a fair day's wage for a fair day's toil. The probability is that not many will feel disposed to accept the Guardians' invitation. If the desire to shirk work is positively shown the result which must necesarily follow .will be entirely justifiable and the would-be idlers ban expect but little sympathy. At all events the Board are acting wisely and economically in endeavouring to lessen the numbers in the house and so save the ratepayers' pockets.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH OF CAPTAIN H.

R. D'A. WILLIS.

Captain H. R. D'A.. D C.. of Halsnead, Whieron, near Preset, and brother of the Lim:, Canon Willis, rect3r of Warringtoo, was on Wednesday after- noon found dead in the train from Wigan which arrived at Edge-hill at 440 p.m. The ticket collector upon opening the door of a first-class compartment of the train discovered the body, which was taken to Lime- street Station, and thence conveyed, under the direction of a Police-constable, to the Prince's Dock Mortuary. Captain Willis was well known to the station officials, who communicated the sad news to Mrs Willis. The deceased was one of the chief mouroers at the funeral of the late Lord Gerard, at Garswood, on the 2nd inet, and on his return home be met with a nasty accident at Elaydock. His horses were startled by an electric tram, with the result that his carriage and the car came into violent collision. Captain Willis and the coachman were thrown out, and Captain Willis was considerably bruised. It is surmised that the shock he then Buff -trod mav have had some connnetion with his sudden demise.

Mr Henry Rudolph D'Anyers Willie was a cdunty justice for a great number of years, also a deputy lieu- tenant of the cpuncy. He was formerly a captain in the Army, but he retired over thirty years ago, when be succeeded his uncle in the Halsnead estate at Whis- ton, near Presoot. On two occasions he has made large additions to the estate, which is of very onsiderable extent. He leaves a widow and two daughters, and his son, Mr Richard A D'A Willis, is at present in India

CRA WFORD'S CREAM

CRACKERS CRISP AND CREADiv

===== 0002601_19020815_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT INSTITUTE,EARLESTOWN.

Annual Meeting. The annual general meeting of the members of the above Institute was held in the large reading room on Wednesday evening. tr J W Emmett pre- sided,but there was not a large attendance ef mem- bers. The first business was the reading of the elecretary's ()Jr T Ormand) report which stated That in reviewing the income and expenditure for the 12 months to the 30. h June lait, we find there are so very tear items differing from those of the previous year that our reference to the accounts-is fortune' ely necessarilybrief.The total income for the year is £387 93 51 or £4 11851 less than for 1901, which is more than accounted for by a decrease of nearly £7 in visitors' fees. Taere are several con- tributory causes, the chief of which is one so oftenl taken advantage of, the weather. We have had 1 more than the average number of wet Saturdays whicb,a3 you know,militetee against "good gates.' The same reason may be assigned for the receipts] from bowling being still below those of a few yearsl ago, although they show en improvement of XI Is 24d compared with last year. The com- mittee are pleased to record a slight increase in the number of entries for the two bowling handicaps-201 as compared with 179. The total amount expended in actual maintenance is £351 15.5. You will, however, observe under the head " Library Account" that £2O has been set aside for preparing, printing and issuing a supple- mentary catalogue of books added to the library from November 1894 to date. This catalogue we hope will be ready for distribution in the course of a few w .eks, hence our omission in the statement of accounts, of a list of those books purchased dur- ing the year just closed. In the perk account £5 has been transferred te the reserve fund for asphal- ting, &c. There is also, in the same section of expenditure, a new item of £5 to the gardeners Your committee unanimously agreed a year ago to pay the gardeners at the close of each season, £5, that is to say, £2 to the head man, an i lOs each to the or her two, if the grounds and everything ap- pertaining thereto were kept In a first class condi- tion. In the geueral account there are two special grants of 10 guineas each. One to the Newton- in-elak-rfield Lectures Committee to Yards the cost, of lectures, and one to- the Earlestown Prize kihnd. Tbe newspapers and periodicals have cost .ErS 183 ed as against £B5 103 6d for 1901. During the year we have added to the news-room the following magazines, viz., " L)comotive," "Fieldens "and "the Railway." The weekly papers have been increased by "Invention," and " the Cyders' News," and" Motor Cycle." We have ceased taking "the Speaker' and have reduced the number of copies of the early edition of the Man- chester "Evening News" frog ten to seven. In several previous reports, excepting the last, oar criticism on tae attitude of the band has not been very favourable. It must, however, be obvious to all of yoe that any such strictures this year would not only be out ot place, but unjust, seeing that the members of the band have, on three separate even- ings this summer, rendered a number of beautiful selections in the park, to the delight and admira- tion of all those who were able to be there It is not perhaps generally known that the admis- sion to the grounds any week-night after six o'clock is only one penny, to those who are not bona fide members. Those of you weo compare one year's statement of accounts with another will see that £1 13e only has been realised by the sale of Park tickets, the same as for 1901. We would again emphasise the fact that these tickets are available from the Ist April to the 30th September, and are issued to non-members at a charge of 23 6a for the season. Any of the Company's workmen's sons, under the age of 18, employed at any place in the district, other than the Viaduct Works, can have these Park tickets at Is for the season. (Application to be made t 3 the Librarian.) A member's full ticket, entitling him to every bene- fit the Institute offers, and there are many, is 2s per quarter. It does not appear to be generally known that Park tickets are ,ssued to the widows of I deceased workmen, free of charge, on :application to the Secretary. During the year ended the 30th June lest, 107 new books have been added to the Library, at a cost of £23 Os 2d. The number of readers during the year just ended is 336, as compared with 212 for 1901, to whom 9089 volumes are issued, an increase of 1351 or 17i per cent. Your Committee have noticed with keen regret that for a number of years now the annual meetings have been very sparsely attended. Your Committee are of opinion that if the Institute year ended on the 30th September instead of the 30th June, and the annual meeting be fixed for either October or the early part of November, it would in very many respects, be beneficial and much more conducive to the well-being of the Institute gener- ally. There are also one or two minor amendments in several of the other rules which are necessary, and which could be made at the same time. We submit these suggestions for your careful considera- tion, and with every confidence, knowing full well that it is your earnest desire to foster and stimulate a keener interest in everything which appertains to the better management and greater success of the Institute.

The report and balance sheet was adopted. The Chairman said that owing to the Secretary having gone into detail so minutely in the report it left him very little to say, and he could only thank the committee and secretary for the report. Referring to!the decrease in the gate receipts and for bowling, he said we had very little fine weather this summer, there having been only six days during what should have been Coronation week, Mr Ormand had made a very nice statement about the band. They had had to say many times that they were not quite pleased with the band, but now they were pleased with them. They had played many times in the park this summer, and he Loped they would play more when the weather improved. With regard to the rules the committee were of opinion that if the date ot the meeting was altered to o,3tober or November it would be better attended. He, personally, had no objection to the alteration of the date, but it was for them to say whether any alteration should be made. It was then put to the meeting whether the date should be altered, and it was unanimously decided to arrange for the necessary alteration. The Chairman then announced the election of the following, to the Committee of Management, H Bailey, D Harcroft, U Uobeson, II B Schofield, W Smalley and T Ormand. Messrs W Sephton and T S Liversage were re- appointed auditors, and Messrs J Gee and Vir Clare scrutineers.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE OF CRUELTY AT EARLESTOWN.

A t Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday, Thomas Go re of Haydock, was charged with cruelty to a mare. Inspector Print, of the Royal society, seid be met the defendant with an old brown mare in Market-street, Earlestown, on the 25th ult. It was ' very lame and suffering from contracted tendons. It ought to be killed. The defendant said it was not lame when he started from Havdock ; but had been in the field since he was reported .ind not used at all. The case was adjourned for the opinion of the veterinary surgeon as to whether the animal should be destroyed or not.

FOOT COMFORT Is a bargain at any price, wear ALF TAYLOR'S wonderful boots.—Adyt.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AVD SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, BBIDOE-STREET.—Actrt.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
--

THE L. & N.-W. RAILWAY COMPANY AND THE TRAMWAYS.

The "Extraordinary Delay" at Wilderspool.

FULL STATEMENT BY ALDERMAN ROBERTS.

At the Town Council meeting on Tuesday evening Alderman Roberts Wnairman of the Tramways Com- mittee), made a lengthy statement respecting the delay at Wilderspool. Toe minutes of the Committee recorded that a letter was read from Messrs. Preece and Cardew with an estimate of the cost of constructing Railwaa No. 1 under the Light Railway Oteler, and the Town Clerk read a report; on the order. It was resolved that a copy of the report be sent to each member of the committee for consideration at tbe next meeting.— the Light Rail- way Commissioners having issued an order for the con- struction of a light Railway from Victoria.square Stockton Heath, tu Northwich,and having asked tor the observations of the Corporation thereon, it was resolved that no objection be made to the order, as Me clauses affecting the Corporation are in accordance with the terms-agreed upon. Messrs. Preece and Cardew having issued their report on toe tenders received for tram care, it was resolved that the tender of the British Thomson Houston Company. Limited, to supply eleven tram cars at £5,99e, be accepted Messrs Preece and Cardew having informed the com- mittee that the contractors for the new cars were unable to obtain Brill trucks owing to a strike and advising the Substitution of the Brush truck, it was resolved that their recommendation be adopted. Mlssrs Preece and Carden, having advised the lowering of the road so as to obtain a safe clearaace under the Cneshire Lines Bridge over Winivick-tead, it was re s)lved that the recommen- dation be carried out, this committee paying the cost of lowering the road and restoring it to a condition equal to that at present, and that the vies along the south side of Churchastrect be set back so as to enable the carriage-way to be widened at some future date.— Correspondence was read respecting the delay in the construction of the works over the level crossings at Wilderspool. Alderman ROBERTS moved the confirmation of the minutes, gni alluding to the tender of the British Thomson Houston Company, Lim tell, to supply eleven cars, he said they would complre the equipment for the Manchestr-road and Win wick-toad sections. The cars were identical in all respects with those they already had eacept the trucks upon which the cars were to be bu It. The contractors for the new errs were unable to obtain Brill trucks owing to a strike in America, and the sub- stitution of the Brush truck was advis:d by the engin- eers, and it had been decided upon. Tney worked well and gave satisfaction in other towns, and the committee did net think thee would be justified in trusting to the exigencies of the position in allowing an unc rtainty as ' t) the supply of the trucks. They had therefore adopted the Brush Truck. With regard to the reeolution as t) the lowering of the road so as to obtain a safe clearance under the Cheshire Lines Bridge over Win wick-road, it had been thought better to withdraw it SO that they Mght know the cost of the alteration. Toe only reason for having the matter under consideration was the very remote possibility of danger to passengers who might under Some circumstances be consiaerably over fitc in height and who might stand up when they ought not to do when the cars were passing. Al'uding to the delay in the completion of the work at Wilderspool Crossing by the London and North-Western Railway Company, Alderman Reberts said the delay was extraordinary. The committee had had to submit to a good deal ot criticism, friendly and otherwise,for some time past,and as ha l happ snel on more than one occasion, that criti- cism Lied been based up la imperfect knowledge of the I facts, and he therefore proposed to put the Council in I possession of a little information as to what the committee bad tried to do through its officials in connection with this particular question. (Hear, hear. ) he had a letter from Messrs Preece and Cardew, dated the 15th July, whieh should have been read at the ordinary meeting of the C much if it had been held last ween, in which they set out the corres- pondence which had taken place between themselves, ' as the agents of the Corporation, and the London and North-Western Railway Company, exclusively in rerard to this particular opestion. It began on November 9.b, 1900, when Preece and Cardew suggested that the London and North-Western Railway Company should prepare a plan of the crossing. The whole of the ques- tion had been settled by the House of Commons when the Corporation Bill was passed by them, and the res- ponsibility of the work was put upon the London and North-Western Railway Company, who declined to allow anyone but themselves to interfere with their main line. The company were alive to the fact that the work had to be done, and they might have made some pro- vision for carryine it out in something like a reasonable time. Alderman ROBERTS proceeded to give the follow ing additional facts :—Decembsr 13th, London and North Western Rail ay decline to prepare plan, and suggest we should do so. January Bth, 1901, submitted plan to London and Nortu-Westera Railway and at same time forwarded copy to Board of Trade. January 17th, London and North-Western Railway object to our plan and ask for details and model. January 19%, wrote London and Nortla-Western Reilway and pointed out we were willing to arrange organs t i meet any reasonable ' requirements. March 15th, wrote to the London and North-Western Railway asking for reply to our letter of January 19th, and suggested submitting the matter to arbitration. May let, London and North-Western Railway submit plan of crossing :prepared by them. October 4th, 1901, advise London and Nerth•Western Reclwan that Corporation intended to construct tee Wilderspool line, and asked them how thee proposed the work should be carried out, so far as it affected them. January 2nd, 1902. Major ' Cardew met Mr Fletcher in Warrington. January 15tb, again met London and North Western Railway officials in Warrington. January 31st, London and North- Western Railway quote £345 as cost of signals, Ss a February 18th, memorandum respecting signals and safety arrangements agreed, and London and North- , Western Railway asked te proceed with the works. Feb- ruary 20c0, London and N ,rth-Westera Rail way quote £550 for alterations to permanent way and construction of crossing. March 174 h, wrote London and N ,rth. Western Rsilway,accepting their offer of February 20th, to construct crossing. March 21st, London and North- Western Railway an geat an agreement for mainten- ance of works. March 22nd, sent London and North- Western Railway cheque for £550. April 4th, sent London and North-Western Railway cheque for £345. From that date'up to the present there had been a considerable amount of correspondence and telegraph- ing, urging the completion of the work, and only that morning he (Alderman Roberts) sent the followiue wire:—" Dawson, Engineer's Office, London and North-Western Railway Crewe. Most anxious to give 'roan Council at to-night's meeting definite information as to when Wilderspool crossing willibe finished for tramway purposes. Please wire fully at once as to what date we may expect it to be com- pleted. Chairman of the Tramways Committee, War- ringtoo." The reply was as follows :—"Chairman, Tramways Committee Warrington. [Manufacture of crossing will be completed earlier than anticipated in my letter of the 21st, and work on site will probably be commenced in a week or two.—Dawsoet." (" Shame.") He (Alderman Roberts) did not wish to weary the Council with the information but it was desirable they should be put in possession of it that they might see that the committee were business men and bad endeavoured as far as they could to expedite these matters. Be declined to take any responsibility whatever as chairman of the committee for the extraordinary delay on the part of the com- pany in proceeding with the work. He did not wish to offer any further criticism, but leave tbe facts he had adduced before the Council and the public to enable them to form their opinion. With regard to the Light Railway Order from Stafford-road to Victoria-square, all he bad to say was that they had not yet received any intimation that the Parish Council of Stockton Heath desired to have a conference with the Corporation on the question. No doubt they wished to have a confer- ence if the Corporation might judge from the expression of opinion given utt,rance to at their meetings and in their letters to the press, but there was a proper and business-like way of arranging an interview. If these good people of Stockton Heath wished for an interview with the Corporation, it was the simplest thing to write to the Town Clerk through their Clerk asking for it, and it would be at once arranged. What the result would be it would be impossible to foreshadow, but again he declined to be held responsinle for there having been no inter-communication between the parties up to date, and he moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Committee. Councillor BENNETT advocated a double line of tram- ways in Church-street. Be did not think they got the consideration they were entitled to in the east end of Warrington. Perhaps it was because they were in the east end. (Laughter). He bad been hoping that some announcement would be made with respect to the pro- posed extension to Orford-lane. He trusted the com- mittee would be able to accede to what was the almost unanimous request of the residents. The MAYOR : That subject is not on the minutes. Councillor BENNETT proceeded to refer to the delay at the crossing and said he would like to know whether it was absolutely necessary for them to pay the railway Company in advance, and also if there was any power by which they could compel the railway company to go on with their contract. It was contrary to all reason that the Council should fulfil their part of the contract and then be kept waiting by that arbitraty corporation —the railway company. Be felt very ineignant indeed and he thought it was intolerable that even a railway company should have the rower to override the wishes of the inhabitants of a town like Warringtoa so long. (Hear, bear.) Councillor TINNIO N asked if, when the agreement was

made, a clause was not put in as to the time the work should be completed by, and if so had they any remedy to compel the company to have the work 'done immedi- ately ? Tne DEPUTY MAYOR in reply, said the question of the single line tramway in Church-street waB one which could not be discussed then, because their Parliament- ary powers only included a single track. TUC proper time to discuss that and pat forward the claims of those very good constituents of Council/or Bennett was at the time when the whole scheme was under consideration by the Council. They could not alter their scheme now. They had power to take up the Padgate portion,and tee committee had the matter under consideration, but no decision had been come to. Be explained at the last Monthly meeting of tte Council that the London and North-Western Railway Company would not do any work for any corporation on their line for which they were not paid In advance, and those wise-acres outside that Council who knew so much better and had had so much more experience—(aughter)--had something yet. to learn. He spoke tram personal knowledge of the tact They could not get a siding without paying in advance, and as to getting any time limit the company would not listen to sucn a proposal, and there was no power to make them. It was an rx-rernely un- pleasant and aoomalour position to be in. They had to abide by it as well as they could. It waS irritating to a degree almost beyond description. (Hear, heat.) But they had no help for it,and when they dealt with an all-powerful corporat!on like the London and North-Western Railway Company, of course they had to put up with the conditions and make the best of them. Be stlll thought the railway company might have expedited the work, but at the same time he did not think they bad delilleratety delayed it. His own opinion was that it had simply teen treated in its turn. They must make some allowance for the fact that Warring- ton was not the only place which the company had to deal with, and the claims of Warrington were not the only cneo they had to consiell r.• Instead of receiving pe:haps a little extra couSideracicn, which they were entitled to, they had been simply put in the category to take their place and turn as from the day tie company received official notice t g oe with the work. He hoped their lelitesentatione and expressions of opinion, and the general feeling in the town, which was being expressed to tee company bv individu custonsrs, would bring about tee completion of the work at a very early date. (Hear, hear.) Alderman MONKS remark,el tnat the single line tram- way along Ceurch-street had been put in such a position i at if a double line was wanted it could be laid town without any alteration being made. (Hear, hear.) Tee minutes were thee agreed to.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTO NN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

We have had precious little summer, and in the course of a couple of weeks the football season will be upon us. It will be rememb-red that the Ear- lestown Club ha,l a very suczessful run last season, and because of their consistent play.they were well supported, which enabled them to finish up with a pretty fair balance in hand. What they will do in the coming season I am not in a p osition to eay,but from all accounts they are ge•Aiug together a very good ream. They have lost one or two excellent players but have secured othere,whom they say are ' as good, and on the whole they expect to give their supporters a capital exhibition of the gam,.. They have not yet had any practice matches, but it is expected they will get into harness during the next two weeks. I hope next week to give some details showing the composition of the team as it will take the tield in the coming season.

The District Council have evidently seen through the intentions of Lord Newten and his agent in re- gard to hie magnificent offer of a piece of common land, including a pit. as from what can be gathered the stipulated time for the acoeptance of the con- ditional offer, has elapsed and no hing has been done. lam glad the Council have exeecisel some discernment. What were they ts get, and what were they to lose in the getting ?--Evidently the bait dangled before their eyes was not sufficiently inviting for them to take it. The seeming msg. nanimity of the lord of the manor, did not appear Da dissection to be of so generous a character as i did on paper. Consequently the Council have not received the offer so graciously as was perhaps expected. Toe Council have some backbone still, evidently, and we have pr.; got our footpaths.

But what have we IoA ?—We have lost the bury lug ground for dead cats and dogs, an oblong piece of water, which long ago ought to have been filled up, as its presence is a standing danger to children and a nuisance to the people residing near it. Now if Lord Newton wanted to be generous and repay theidistrict somewhat, for what he has received from it, why did he not clean out the Common pit, flag or tile the bottom, cover it in, and then present it to the Council as a swimming bath. Toes is what we want, and if Lord Newton wants to earn our good will, he should see what he can do to improve the district, over which he holds sway as Manorial Lord and for once bury the bogey of con- scription. Noboly in the Newton division wants conscription, but they do want a swimming bath and the Common pit would make an excellent one.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICI COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held on Tuesday Mr J Knowles (in the chair) Messrs Admiral Jone-Parry, J Stokes, C E L'n drer, T Wright, B Cnadwick, J r Baxter, C C, T Darlington, P Gleave, J Some', C Roylance, W Turner, T Antwiss, H Maw&ly, E A Wallington, A Greenway, J Bolshaw, E Clarke, G Pilling, A Eaton, R nillington, S Horton, S Woodward, J Mountfi.ld. J Slr.sq, J Whit- low, T Lewis, W U Bradtord, E Breth.,-on,J Edwards, . . .

, . F W Bagaley, G F Ashton (clerk),W E II iugh (assistsnt herk), J Swinton and J Diggte (surveyors), Dr Adams :medical cffi.:er), and J Farrington (inspector),

THE' BIERS POLLUTION.

_ Mr Reginald Potts. clerk to the Cheshi,e County Council wrote under date 7;h August that the further consideration of the County Council action against the Runcorn District Council had been deferred to a later meeting and tiat in the meantime the R vers Pollution Committee expect the Rural Council would do some- thing to stop the pollution complained of. The Clerk said that in reply he bad written pointing out that the Ccuncil had the matter in hand. From the Parish Council at Kingsley he had received a letter fromthe Clerk,on the question of the polluioi of Kingsley Brook intimating that the Parish Council had decided to use their influence with the oantra and occupiers for the abatement of the 1)311u:ion. At Elalton the Pariah C3llO- - had the maller in hand and bad appoin.ed a Sur- veyor to prepare a report.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THELWALL WATER.

Dr Adams, mediCa-i-o-tic-3;:iri"Wp-lito a question from Admiral Jones-Parry, said that the brook A t Thelwall, according to the bacteriological report, did not contain actually any diphtheria baci li,bti had the bacilli of the diptheroid group. This bac Li could not be regarded as the actull cause of disease, but it made one regard the water with a certain amount of suspicon, which made him give instructions that the water should be boiled and filtered before using.

Prize Pig's Sad Fate. Arthur Taylor, of Warrington, was summoned at the Liverpool Police Court on Wednesday, for hav- ing deposited tor sale the carcase of a pig which was unfit for human food, it being affected with tuberculosis.—lnspector Wyeberley stated that he found the carcase at the Liver- pool Abattoirs, it having been consigned by the defendant to Messrs. Derkin.—Mr Rudd appeared for the detendant, and said that the animal was a prize one, bir: it met with an accident, injuring its back, and his client bought it, slaughtered it, and sent it to Liverpool. The Court properly considered that Liverpool ought not to be the dumping ground for anything which was un wholesome, but this animal was sent to Liverpoo because it was a boar, and there was a market here for that kind of food. It was a strong kind of food, but thoroughly wholesome for those who liked it.. This pig was not sent because it was unfit for food, but it was sent to Messrs Derkin, a thoroughly re- spectable firm, the defendant not having the least notion that there was anything wrong with it.- -Mr Stewart remarked that it was not a very nice thing that animals should get injured and then be sent to Liverpool as food.—Mr Rudd ; It was killed immediately after.—Mr Stewart : If a person suffers for a few days I presume his condition of body is different to what it was before he met with the accident. There is not EL suspicion of tuber- culosis attached to it if your story is true, but there is the fact that this thing met with an accident.— Mr Rudd: It did, and it was slaughtered im- mediately, just as a cow which breakes its leg is slaughtered immediately so as to preserve what there is. My client had no notion there was any tuberculosis about the pig.—Mr Stewart: A very singular fact.—The defendant said be had no know- ledge that the animal was suffering from tuber- culosis. He bought the pig and paid at the rate of 3i per lb for it. He would not have given more for it if it bad not met with the accident.—A fine of £lO and costs was imposed. SBVIIRAL SECOND-HAND BICYCLES for We cheap. GARLAND Ironmonger. Bridge-at. Warrington.—Advt. ASK for CUNNINERIAX S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATEBS,—Advt

RE HANNAH RAID, DECEASED, W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED.

BIM TO INTIMATE THAT THEY HAVE PURCHASED THE ENTIRE STOCK, GOODWILL &c.

OF THE LATE HANNAH REID,

IRISH. LINEN IMPORTER, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THH WHOLH OF THIS

EXCELLENT STOCK OF LINENS

===== 0002601_19020815_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL BE OFFERED DURING THEIR

COMING SALE AT A

Cl_ I_NREAT IZEDUCTION OFF COST.

W. H. LTD., BE4 TO ANNOUNCE THAT THE ABOVE BUSINESS IS NOW TRANSFERRED TO THEIR OWN PREMISES, AND WILL BE C&RRIRD ON BY THEM IN FUTURE AS A SEPARATE DEPARTMENT.

3-1 46 48 f 5 BRIDGE STREET,

WARRING TON

W. HOD _KINSON LTD. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE,

OW FiOCEEDING.

This is an excellent opportunity to purchase in al/ Departments. Owing to the inclement weather and other causes, a much larger stock than usual will be offered and must be cleared.

The stock is thoroughly fresh, and almost entirely of recent purchase,

SEVERAL THOUSAND YARDS OF COLOURED DRESS FABRICS

TO BE CLEARED. - --- ABOUT 5,000 YARDS OF HIGH CLASS COLOURED DRESS FABRICS. SEVERAL THOUSAND YARDS OF CHOICE BLACK DRESS FABRICS. A LARGE NUMBER OF HANDSOME ROBE LENGTHS IN BLACKS AND COLOURS. 6,000 YARDS OF MUSLINS. ZEPHYRS AND OTHErt WASHING MATERIALS.

ABOUT 1,000 YARDS OF BLACK AND UOLOURED SILKS

A SPLENDID STOCK.

A MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF FURS.

A VERY LARGE STOCK OF 1116/I CLASS CORSETS.

CAMBRIC AND LONGCLOT a, AND WOOLLEN UNDERCLOTHING, SILK, MOREEN, MUSLIN,AND MOIRET rE UNDER- SKIRTS.

ABOUT 250 SILK, MUSLIN, ZEPHYR AND OTHER SLIPS. SBIRTS AND BLOUSES.

A SPLENDID LOT.

THOUSANDS OF YARDS OF HANDSOME LACES, DRESS RI3IMINGS

REAL 'LACES.

LACE -COLLARS.

UPWARDS OF 3,000 PAIRS OF HIGH CLASS GLOVES. ABOUT 200 UMBRELLAS and BEAUTIFUL SUNSHADES TO BE CLEActED. 500 PAIRS OF LADIES AND CHILDREN'S HOSE.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A LARGE NUMBER OF FASHIONABLE RUFFLES.

70 DOZEN LADIES AND GENT'S HAND- KERCHIEFS TO CLEAR.

HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY.

ofi MAGNIFICENT STOCK TO BE SOLD. 500 WHITE, CREAM, SWISS AND OTHER CURTAINS. SEVERAL HUNDRED YARDS OF MADRAS AND OTHER baUSLINS AND NETS TO CLEAR.

3,000 YARDS FLANNELS, VIYELLAS. CEYLON FLANNELS.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF

TABLE DAMASK, &C., FANCY TEA CLOTHS, SIDEBOARD, AND FANCY LINENS.

250 PAIRS OF WHITE SCOURED AND GREY SHEETS.

A LARGE QUANTITY OF BLANKETS, WHITE AND COLOURED COUNTERPANES, TURKISEI HUCKABACK AND OTHER TOWELS, PILLOW CASES, &c., &c.

FURNISHING DEPA RTMJLNT., A LARGE STOCK OF CARPETS, HEARILL RUGS, DOOR MATS, Sze., TO CLEAR.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
BR ISS AND IRON BEDSTE IDS.

DINING ROOM SUITES, WICKER FURNI- TURE, B iSIBOO FURNITURE OF ALL KINDS, &T. A LARGE QUANTITY OF TAPESTRY, VELVET PILE AND OTHER TABLE COVERS. CUSHIONS, &c.

LINOLEUNIS AND OILCLOTHS

===== 0002601_19020815_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL BE LAID AND FITTED FREE OF

CHARGE DURING SALE.

A LARGE NUMBER OF TRAVELING TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, KIT AND BRIEF BAGS TO BE CLEARED.

34, 46 & 48, BRIDGE ST..

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
J. S. GARLAND,

SOLE AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PRENIIER" AND If.AYLISS- THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES

WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER I. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL, RIM BRAKES AT THE. ASTONISHING PRICE OF

TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE THE WORLD MS YET PRODUCED. BOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BIC Y CLES,

FREE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PUNCH/03RM INIPECrION IS INVITED LT THE SHOWROOMS.

51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY,

SANKEY STREET.

ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURE AND WHOLESOME INURBDIRNTS. Customers giving In Orders early,

cap choose their :own Mottoet.

LANCASHIRE CAS H BAK uty Co., LTD.

BRAYCHES : BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

aim•

===== 0002601_19020815_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

" All to pieces." This is a form of complaint we often hear of—the system cut of condition, temper uncertain, as that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less, no appetite, no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted is somethinr to pull you tes,rether.Get!awilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and you will soon find that it will pull you together, and that you will be all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do yau good, for it contains everything necessary for fighting wasting disease. There is no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off many serious illnesses. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease and therefore more Hanle to colds and their attendant ailments. Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters assists and promotes digestion, and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. G ilym Evans' Quinine Bitters removes all impurities and ob- structions from the human body. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives tone to the whole system. There is no secret about Gwilvm Evans' Quinine 3itters. Only Dame Nature's secrets to be found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dar delion. Scientifically combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and widespread the blessings of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity, the best Remedy of the Age for Indigestien,Weakness, NeTVCIIMPFS, Loss of Appetite, Low Spirits,SleePlessness, Chest Affections. and Influenza. Gwlrm Evans' Quinine Bitters is en- tirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances, : which give future pain and troutle. Gwilym Evans'i Quinine Bitters is equally adapted to all ages and condi- tions. Thousands have been permanently cured by Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters when all other remedies have failed. Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, and enjoyment in life to all. 1:11 not he nersuaded to take any substi- tute for Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters,but in your own interest, and for your ewn self-protection, nee that the name "Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp, and Battle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for it. Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles" 24 91 and 49 ed each everywhere,or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors i—The Quinine Bitters Manufactur- nv Company. Limited. LlenellY, Smith Wales.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A MILE DEALER StlatalONED.-CASE DISafIFSED. An interesting case to farmers and mile dealers was heard at the Warrington Borough Pollee Court on Friday last wesk, before the Mayor (Mr JC Pt rrl and other magistrates. The defendant was Edwar3 Roberts, 43. School-brow, who was summoned for selling milk from whieh it was alleged 2) per cent of cream had been extracted. on July 15th. Mr Browne was for the defence.'-Mr Stanley Wilson, depute town clerk, conducted the case for the prosecutlon and said that on the 15th ult Inspector Flood visited defendant's milkshop and obtained a sample of new milk. He submitted it to the analyst in the usual way and obtained his certi agate on the 23nd of the same month. The certificate went to prove that the sample con Mined nine per nent solids (not fat), 2.4 Solids (fat), 686 tier cent of water. which clearly showed that the milk would be ed a very poor quality. This case was of con- siderable imuortanee to the public, especially because it lent itself to a form of fraud of the most ohjectionable nature. The gondol (fat) were only about half of what they should be in this Instance. He asked that a substan- tial penalty be Inflicted as a warning to othere.- Inspector Flood and Dr Gornall having given evidence, Mr Browne contended that before the proceedings were taken samples of milk should have been taken at the farm where the milk came from, then on its transit, and then from the dealer. The quality of milk in the morning was different from that in the fevening.- The Mayor (Mr J C Parr) said he thought it was a pity there Was a discrepancy of that kind.-Mr Browne said the farmers complained that it was impossible to keen up the standard all the year at 3 percent. It went as low on same occasions as 1.8. and he would prove it. On behalf of the farmers and milk dealers, who only wanted fairness, he urged that all the samples he token before any prosecution was commenced. This was one of the most important clues- iions of the day. In fact be had heard some farmers say that if those prosecutions went on-it being absolutely impossible to keep up the standard of three per cent, all the year roand -they would give up keeping cows and not send milk into the town. The suggestion of the Board of Agriculture in thi3 matter went to show that they were fully aware of the difficulty of keeping up the standard. He would call a number of witnesses first. Mr Roberts, the defendant, whose father and great grandfather had been for 80 years in the Same business, with not a single complaint against them. If the cream in this ease had been abstracted, it must have been abstracted by someone. He would nrove that Mr Roberts never Saw the milk. The only persons in the house were his wife and 'sister. who would prove that they never extracted any cream. Mr Rritch, the farmer who supplied the milk,would tell them that he milked. 55W it put in the tankard, and fastened up. He sent it to Warrington by a boy who could not have abstracted it on the way. Therefore, where could the abstraction come in ? Neither Mr Rotarrts nor Mr 33ritch had a separator. The former did not sell cream. nor did he churn. The only thing was" were the cows guilty?' as the Magistrates' Clerk asked on the last occasion. (Laughter). Were the Stench going to hold respectable re- tailers and farmers gnEtv of haring abstractei something they had never done? It Was the height of absurdity. The question of taking samples was a matter which should be thoroughly thrashed out, so that they would knc,av where they were in the future. EvidEnce having been called in support of Mr l3rowne's statement, the Bench retimcl to consider the case. and en ' their return the Chairmen said they were unanimous in dismissing the case without costs, RS they were not satisfied that cream had been abstracted. They thought that other samnies might have been taken in accordance with the slog. gestion of the memorandum of the Board of Agriculture. They thought the system used in Manchester a very good one and might he adopted in Warrington.--Mr Wilson said be would bring the recommendation before .the Health Com- mittee. He gave notice of appeal acCording to his instructions. CAUGHT IN THE LANDLORD'S SITTIrsm-Room. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Wednesday, before Mr. T. Dirchall and ether magigtrates, Martha Munro, of no fixed abode, was charged with stealing from the Black- 'Marne Arms Hotel, Corporation-street. a silver-mounted briar pipe, of the value of 38 64, the Property of the landlord, Mr Thomas;Crompt on.-Superintendent Monaghan said that at a quarter to tan on Tueeday morning Mr Crompton's servant went upstairs to the sitting-room, and On opening the door found the prisoner there. Thinking she had no right there she locked the door and informed Mr Cromnton. The latter went upstairs and naked theywisoner what she WAS doing there. She said she had been playing the piano the previous night,and had gone upstairs to find the lavatory. She denied having any property not belonging to her, that Mr Crompton was not satisfied, and he called in Police- constable Cooper. The officer was taking her down Cairo- street, when he noticed her trying to hide something in some Paper, He took poasesion of the paper, and found that it Contained a pipe, which Mr Crompton Identified as his pro- perty.-The prisoner, who had been previously convicted of felony, was sent to g,rol for two months. MINOR OASES.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court.

MONDlY.—Before Mr Birch%ll (In the chltr), Councillor Smrthurst, Messrs 3 W Hayward and H Thornton, and Dr Fox

. „ DP.UNKENNESS —The following were fined for drunken- ness :—Martin Hart. Bank-street ; Kate Kelly, 4, Rose-yard; Mary Blease, 77, Plurnpton-street. BREACH OF :HE PESCE.—Thomas Ellison, 41, School- brow, and jo!enh Ellison, 2, Rose-yard, were ordered to pay costs, and bound over to keep the peace for six months for committing al breach of the peace by fighting id' Fennel- street on August Ist—P.C. Johnson proved the fate. STALLHOLDERS ASSAULTED la THE MARdEr-PLACE.—Mary 7ane White, 61 Allen-street, was summoned for assaulting Rebecca Chadwick. IS, Mill-street, on August 2nd.—There was a cross-summons against the complainant and one against Mr Chadwick (defendant's brother).—Mr Browne, for the cOnanlainant, said his client kept a stall In the Market-place, and on the Saturday night In question, at about nine o'clock, she was bending over a hamper of potatoes, when the defendant came np and called her afoul name. She got hold of her hair,and "began thumping her on the face." She did this for some time, and as a result Mrs Chadwick was considerably hurt. Someone called out that a policeman was coming, and a woman thereupon took defendant away.—Complainant then entered the boa and said defendant gave her two black eyes and hurt her nose. She was bleeding from the face.— Harriet Longmore. Mrs Stringer, Miss Stringer and William Spencer also gave evidence to the effect that Mrs Chadwick had no chance of assaulting defendant. --Defendant said she bad been shopping on Saturday night, and when passing her brother's stall, be called to her and asked her what she had been saying about "Beg" (complainant). He caught hold of her by the throat, and said the and Bee " would have to fight it out- He gave her a push, and Mrs Chadwick then bit her in the face. A large crowd collected. Her brother followed her to her home in Allen-street, ars4 made a dis- turbance. He did not strike her.—ln the first case defendant was fined 20s and costs and the cross-summons was dismissed --Defendant said she would not pay. She would pttronize the King. (Laughter). A. case arising oat of the last assault was heard, in which Thomas Battersby, 13, Clare-street, was summoned for assaulting Harriet Longmore on August 2nd and was fined lOs including costs.—Both tines were paid before the rising of the Court. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr Birchatl (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst, and Alderman Monks. ASSAULT ON THE Pot ICE.—Joseph Bibby, Stamford-stre,t was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in

===== 0002601_19020815_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

NORTHERN UNION CUP.

First Round.

For nest season the Northern Union have decided upon making the draw for the Cup-ties on similar lines to those adopted by the Football Association, and it is generally thought that the new departure will prove more satisfactory all round. On Tuesday evening, at the Bachange Hotel, Manchester, the draw for the first round was made, and some ef the ties will provoke a desi of interest especially that wherein Broughton Rangers are drawn against Oldham at Wheater's Field. It was resolved by the General Com- mittee that the initial round of the Cup-ties be drawn in districts, as follow :-1, Cumberland ; 2, Furness District ; 3 Rest of Lancashire; 4, West Yorkshire 2 5, Bast Yorkshire 6, Durh‘m. The draw for the first round resulted la follows :

NO. 1 DISTRICT. Penrith United v Ilaryport _ .

Parton v Workington •• --• •

Watla Brow v. Whliehaven Recreation co. 2 DISTRICT.

Seaton v. Barrow Minom v . Laacaster Handal Hornets v. Morecambe No 3 DISTRICT.

Stockport v. Wigan Broughton Rangers V. Oldham Birkenhead v. Werneth Saitord V. Altrincham Leigh v. Swinton St Helens v. Warrington Runcorn v. Widnes

NO. 4 DISTRICT. 011twD0d Church v. Todmorden rlssett v. Otley Halifax v. Salterhebble Manningham v, ISle Bradford v. Huddersfield Castleford v. Sheen Hall Wakefield Trinity v. Holbeck Rochdale Harnets v. Alverthorpe Dewsbury v. Leeds Keighlev v. Heckmondwike Wlndblll v Normanton Kinsley v Brighouse Rangers Hnnslet v Liversedge Bramley v Pontefract Sowerby Bridge v Batley NO. 5 DISTRICT.

Go" le v Hull Hull Kingston Rovers v York

No 6 DISTRICT. Hull Marlborough v Wallsand South :Shields v houth Shields St Paul's

STRANGE WAYS OF SLEEPING.

• The Chinese and Japanese sleep on a bard wooden pillaw. The Laplandee sleeps in a bag of reindeer skin. Russians in winter sleep on stone slabs resting on stoves. Most people sleep soundly for several hours at a stretch. Where this sleep cannot be obtained, depend upon it Vas direstive organs and liver are wrong and that a course of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans should be taken without delay. • Mrs. W. Davidson, of Dunhead FUM. Monikie, near Dundee, says :—"lndigestion and biliousness robbed me of sound sleep and made both day and night miserable. What with a splitting headache, pains across the shoulders, and extremely severe pains in the sides of my stomach,accompanied by giddiness and general debility, I have suffered to an extent which no one can imagine. A doctor in Myth once told me that the biliousness and indigestion were of too 1011 e standing to be cured. Then, one of my smas heard of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans for Biliousness. I tried a box and after a few doses I go: a night's undisturbed sleep—the first for twenty years! As I took the Beans I go: better and better. and now lam glad to say lam quite cured." Bile Beans are stocked by all chemists at one and three half-pence or two and nine a box. They cure sleepless- ness, headache, female ailments, debility, anzernia, indigestion, and all liver and kidney ailments. Upon receipt of prior you may obtain a box from the Bile Bean Manufact iring CP., 119, London Wall, E.G., post free. Mention this to sleepless friends.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE AT CHRIST CHURCH

LATCH FORD.

Lowe—Griffiths.

A large congregation assembled in Christ Church, Latchford, on Tuesday morning to witness the wedding of Mr Ed win Ernest Lowe, F.L.S., curator of the Plymouth Museum and Art Gallery (formerly assistant curator at the Warrington Museum, and only son of Mr and Mrs E W R Lowe, of Warrington and Great Sankey), and Miss Maude Griffiths, eldest daughter of Mr and Mrs J R Griffiths, of the Cheshire Cheese Inn, Latchford. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a magnificent gown which was a present from a brother in Chicago. where it was cut to shape and embroidered by the Wilson Embroidery Company of that city. The material is a beautiful quality of duchesse satin, embroidered with real Chantilly lace, embedded with clusters of pearls, the design of the gown being by Doucet, of Paris. She carried a very pretty shower bouquet of white exotics. The bridesmaids were Miss R M Lowe (sister of the bridegroom) and Miss Lily Griffiths (sister of the bride), who wore muslin delaine dresses with black picture hats. Miss Maude Dorothy Griffiths (niece), Miss Ethel May dley (niece), and Miss Maude Gladys Llewellyn (niece), acted as train bearers. The bridesmaids carried shower bouquets fashioned of sweet peas. Mr Llewellyn Griffiths (brother of the bride) acted as " best man." The officiating clergyman was the Rev F A Screeton, vicar of the paris'n. Mr Charles R Bradley, organist of St Mary's Parish Church Bootle, and who is a cousin of the bride,was at the organ and contributed amongst other music, before during, and after the service, a very pretty melody, the" March IN uptiale," by Bernard, the Wedding March ' from " Lohengrin," and Mendelssohn's " Wedding March," the latter as the newly-married couple left the church. They were subjected to the usual showers of rice and confetti. At the conclusion of the ceremony the newly- married couple and the wedding guests sat down to an excellent breakfast, at the residence of the bride's father, about 50 being present. The health of the bride and bridegroom,and their parents were drunk with enthusiasm. Mr James Parkinson, of Egypt-street, was in attendance and, in the garden attached to the house, took several photographic groups of the bride and bridegroom, and the rela- tives and friends. Later in the day, the happy couple. amid the best wishes of all present, left for South Devon. where the honeymoon is to ba spent. The following is a list of the Presents . Mr and Mrs J Griffiths. cheque and house linen Mr and Mrs Lowe, cheque and drawing-room suite Mr F Griffiths, Fitts, cheque Mr E Griffith,. pictures Mrs IC Griffith. antimacassars Mr and Mrs A Griffiths, linen Mr L Griffith,, curtains end tablecloth Mr and Mrs Challingsworth, Birmingham, case of silver fish knives and forks Mr and Mrs Morrell, silver fish Carvers Mr Harold Chant ngsworth, Birmingham, silver and Wedg- wood biscuit barrel Mr and Mrs Wilde, silver serviette rings Mr and Mrs Challingsworth and family. Oldbury, silver teapot Mr and Mrs Boscow, preserve dish Mrs Mcßae, cu,hion Misses Fieldhonse, table centre Misses Mcßae. set toilet mats Mr and Mrs Thompson Presoot, silver fruit dish Mr and Mrs Ford, salad bowl and fruit plates Mr Bridge, quilt Mrs Bridge, antimacassars Master J Bridge. d'oyleys Master R Griffiths, silver butter knife Mr and Mrs Dingley, Bangor. table centre Mrs Marshall, tidies Miss Ina Holland, mats Mr and Mrs A Challingsworth, Smethwick, silver sugar scntt'e Mr and Mrs Ashton. silver hot water jag Mr arid Mrs Richardson. photos and frames Miss Lily Griffiths. trinket set Mr and Mrs Marshall, crumb tray and brush Mr and Mrs C Powell, silver toast rack Mrs Llewellyn, copper kettle Mtsies Llewellyn, damask tablecloth Miss Gladys Llewellyn, gold cuff links Mrs Richards, pan Miss E Fair. tumblers and wine glasses Mr S Challngsworth, photograph Mr W Crank, ten and coffee service Mrs D Sumner (Stockton Heath), tablecloth Mr Thomson (Plymouth). bookcase Mr S Snatch, biscuit barrel Miss Lowe and Mr Cotterill, brush, comb and hand glass Miss K Whitfield, cheese dish Mw and Mrs Bradley (Bootie), fish knives and forks Mr and Mrs Jewkes (Plymouth), occasional table Nellie, box iron Mr Stanley Griffiths, dinner service Mr Breward, coffeepot Miss B Fair (Cos entry), sliver jam dish and spoon Captain Woods, Indian shawl.

A severe earthquake shock was felt at Skigway Alaska, Cu Sunday.

WARRINGTOsir V. CHESTRAM.—This match at Arpley on Saturday WA@ a drawn game, Cheatham scored 161 and Warrington 132 for 5 wickets.

.. CIIEF.TII AM. WARRINGTON. T H Sinclair b Bibby 8 B &Connor c Collinge b 0 H Sharp run out 29 Phaysey 3B W Parker c Hawtin b P 13 Hawtin c Parker b Connor J R Halliday c Podmore b Lynes lbw b Pbaysey...— 23 Connor W R Sinclair bB A Conaor 5 W H Podmore bT H Sin- S Parker b Lynee J P Phisysey b Lynes 8 J A Briggs c Tobias b T B Collinge c Lynes b H Sinclair Podmore H B Walker c Silcock b Podmore 2O A Tobias not out AR Robinson b Podmore R Extras l2 Extras ll

1 Totil 161 Total 132 BOWLING ANALYSIS. , I CHSF.EHIM. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Lynes J W Bibby ll 0 31 1 T Id Sinclair... 9 a 31 2 W H Podmore RA Onnnlr ...... 8 2 23 3 J P Phaysey 7 0 23 0 JA Briggs 7 1 25 0 Halliday bolvled 2 no-balls.

WARRINGTON V CHEETRAM (SECOND ELEVENS),—These teams met in the return match at Cheetham on Saturday. Score : .

...--. - . WARRINGTON. CEIEETHAM. C R Adamson b Dappie 2 F Dapple b Plin-ton ...... 7 R Connor b Dapple 2 J Porter b Plinston 1 T Houghton c Harrison b A Hawthorn not out Ferguson A Duckworth c Whitehead 11 Parker c Duckworth b b Ferguson 7 Plinston . 3 It Plerpoint lbw b Ferguson 1 F Foote e Bennett b W Hind b Harrison W Richardson b Parker 0 Al- Whitehead run out ... 3 R Plerpolnt b Dapple 4l J Ferguson c and b Pilo- -10 Plloston b Dapple 0 son C D Bromley c Porter h $ Booth b Plinston 0 Dapple 8 T Hoige c Hint b W Bennett not out 9 Plin.ton 3 11 Howarth b Plinstoa ... 4 Extras 5 Extras 3

Total 97

Total 5)

F4FR3R9. PLETCHER, R119913LL AND Co'e] (LTD.). OFFICE STAFF.—MiRKIED v. SINGL6.--/k match between teatna s..lected from the above was played on the Grappenhall ground, kindly lent, for the oceation by Mr H Lister Kaye, and resulted in a victory for the sinftle men Score : MARRIED. SINGLE. Wicks b Carter 1 Connelly at Berry b Smith b Hallows Berry c Mason b Carter ... 6 Legze e Williams b Smith 7 Williams b Hallows ... ...... 0 Mason b Williams Knowles b Hallows 2 Hallow) lbw b Smith 2 Singletoo b Hallows Leach lbw Hallows 0 Carter b Williams .... ..... fl Bairsto b Carter Carnal! b Hallows Hatton b Hallows Worthincton not out ...... Shaw b Hallows Extras...—. .........

Total l5

Tot 1,1 37

SANKF.V WIRE MILLS V KNC,TTV AMT.—Played on Satur- day at Knotty Ash, and ended in a win for the visitors. Score .

SANKEY WIRE MILLS. KNOTTY ASEC. Woodcock lbw b T Davies... 4 Forster run nut 4 J Evans b Leech 9 F Davies b J Evans 3 Kenwright b Leech 2 %V Ruff h Wootielek 0 Gough b T Davies Monks b T Davies R Cook a Lunt b T Davies 4 wrizht a W Evans lbw b Leech ...... 0 T Davies o ard b J Evans 2 Taylor not. out 6 Muir c Kenvrright b J 1-rwthes b T Davies 0 Means Forlen run out R Cook b T Davies wriaht 0 Tilley not. oit ....... ...... - 0 Lunt b J Evans 0 Extras 6 Extras 2

Total 73

Total 26

MOORE AND DAREaIWaY V CRISFIELD'I.—Pave( at Moore Park on Saturday, the home team winning easily. Score : moons: AND DAIsESI3I7II4 CROSFIE LD.a. 1Z 71 Woods b Dutton ...... 21 B Davies run out 0 T Forster b Dutton 7 T Dixon b Forster 8 Taylor b Spencley .... .... 0 A Dutton b vorsfer 2 J Antrobus b Dutton 0 T Lawton b Forster ...... .. 3 Rev V Clifton Smith not W Warn c and hForster 0 out G Wright b Dutton 0 Wools 8 0 Rev BB B May b Spencley 3 7 Marsh-al run out. ...... J Bannor b Dutton 1 T Whitffeld a Forster b Jno Millington b Spencley 10 Woods Joseph Millington b 0 Dickinson not out 9 Speneley 0 W Spencley lbw b Woods 0 J Smith c Spencley b B T 1 Wright c Smith b Warren 8 Woods 0 Extras '22 Extras 5

Total 100 Total WARRINGTON WE3LEYANS V PENKETIL—PIayed tit Penketh on Saturday. Score : WF9LEYINS.

iENKETH. Dross kill b Doody Warburton b Highley Hobson b Doody 0 Llht b_Shoobridge

..—.„- Hodgkinson c Ellis b High- tialighlev b Cros-skill ... 13 ley Houghton b Highley 0 Crosakill Shoobridge b Doooy l'lumpton b Highley a Doody a Warburton b Boardman not out Joynson b Doody Warburton b Doody 0 T Highley c Warburton b Glover b Highley Bell b Crosskill .... ..... 0 Highley not out .... Extras 5 Extras 3

Total 33

Total 49

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWa 2ND V ECCLES 2:n3.—Played at Necles on Saturday. Score:—

NEWTY.t. ECCLE9. A Harrison h Tongue ..... 21 Boyle run out 3 Sweetlore 5 Tongue T Harrison c Lowe b Wilkinson Tongue 32 Holmes c Sweetlove b T Wilkinson c H vle b Harrison Tongue W Dudgeon b Holmes 37 S weettove W Herring lbw b Tongue 4 Booth c Sweetlove b B Perry c ito7le b Tongue 5 Harrison H Banks not out. B Brown e Booth b Wilkinson .. __ . .. - ..

- .......... - ---- - Tongue... Sub c Boyle b Holme 3 Sub b Holmes 0 Jackson b Harrison 0 Horan c Riley b Wilkinson C Booth e Sweetlove b Wilkinson Tongue not out 0 Extras 10 Extras

_ Total 169

Total

Folly

to wash even once with another soap when you can gct Fels- Naptha, which does the washing more by soaking and less by rub- bing. Soaking is easy, 2-1--d a bar. FELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street London Et _ _

===== 0002601_19020815_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY AUGUST 15 1902

===== 0002601_19020815_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
VvARRINGTON TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

The Corporation Fair Wage Clause.

There was a representative attendance at the meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labaur Council held in Um Druids Hall, Sankey-street, on Tuesday evening. Mr Edwardson,president of the Council, occupied the chair.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. PARKER AND THE HOUSING PROBLEM.

Mr C E PARKER, of Penketh, in calling the attention of the Council to the conference of the Garden City Association said there was no doubt that the housing problem was of Immense imprmtance, affecting as it did, the hearth, the vitality,the morals and the general well- being of the community. Many of the houses in War- rington were a diggrace to our civilization but it was no use pulling these down until we could replace them with other houses at a reasonable rent. The cost of land and the rates in towns made low rents impossible. Whether by securing cheap land and building on a large and systematic scale we could reduce rents to any great extent he did not know. But even if rents for the same capacity of house were the same the improv:d surroundings would hN a great gain. And if the Garden City Association could show us the way it might poseible to do something in Wirrington. Electric trac- tion bad made this thing more practicable. "43The SECRETARY reported that he had replied to the letter of Mr Parker and informed'him that the Council although sympathising with the object of the Association were unable to send a representative to the conference. THE PROPOSED VISITS TO THE WORKHOUSE.

At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Council, tha secretary was instructed to write to the Earlestown Trades Council asking that body to co- operate with the Warrington Trades and Labour Council in endeavouring to prevail on the Guardians to acceie to thir request for permission to pay visits to the Workhouse. _ . _ .

In renly, the SECRETARY of the Earlestown Trade Council (Mr William Speakman) said he would bring the matter before the next meeting of the Council. He thought they would be able to co-operate with the War- rington Council. PETITION AGAINST THE EDUCATION BILL.

A communication was read before the Executive Com- mittee from the Bradford Trades Coumcil askinz the Warrington Council to petition against the Government Education Bill, It was decided to forward petition against the bill to the HORSP of Common.. The petition ran as iollows : —" Your petitioners being deeply concerned in ths education of the children of the working classes desire to call for the withdrawal of the E lucation Bill now be- fore your honourable house. Your petitioners believe the changes admitted in the Education Bill have transformed it to what is practically a new measure and the country should therefore have time to consider it. Your peti- tioners believe that in the interests of educeion, the Bill before your honourable house should be withdrawn, and a committee of members of Parliament be selected from all sections of the house,including labour members, to draft a National Education Bill. Your petitioners therefore pray that your honourable house will be pleated to take such steps as may be deemed expedient to this end. Signed on behalf of the I,Varrineten Trades and Labour Council, J Edwardson, president, and F Stott, secretary." BEWSEY IRONWORKERS AND THE COUNCIL.

A letter was read from Mr C Algie, secretary of . the Bewsey Ironworkers Association stating that the mem- bers desired to withdraw from the Council on the ground that their association would not allow the members of the Trades and Labour Council to step in between them and the firm if anything occurred to warrant it.

• I The SECRETARY pointed nut that the ironsvorke,s did not seem to understand what wero the objects of the Trades and Labour Council. I Mr GREALEY said he could not remember the time when the Trades and Labour Council interfered in a dis- pute. They never did go uoL,ss they were asked. Mr. HAMBLETT thouaht there wasl'an undercurrent against the Counci'. Nothing had occurred to warrant the reason given for withdrawing from the Council. The SECRETARY thOURR the only reason for the with- drawal was a lack of interest in the work of the Council Be bad written three letters asking permission for a deputation from the Council to wait upon the members of the Bawsey Ironworkers' Association and lay the objects of the Council before them, but he bad not yet received a reply. It was decided to leave the matter in the hacds of the sceretary for the present.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TENANCY OF THE DRUIDS_ HALL.

The SECRETARY informed the Council that the Order of Druids from whom the Council rented the hall in which they were met, were givinz up the tenancy at the end of Sent,rnber. and it was se,ry necessary that the Council shoislii take stens to secure a room in which the Council could meet. He was sure every delegate would rezret that such action was necessary. They had never had better meetinr,os since they began to meet in that room. _ _ .

_ Mr BUCKLEY thought the matt.r might be left in the hanth of the exAcurive.

The SECRETARY suggeSted that a committee of three might be appointed to take action. Mr. HAMBLETT asktd whether there WAS no 1901eibility of renting the Braids Hall from the Corporation, who owned the premises. The SECRETARY Said the furniture in the room belonged to the Order Qf Druids and it would mean some outlay on the part of the Cmccil if they had to furnish it!themselver. He regretted that there was not a trades ball in Warrington, such as existed in Bradford and other centres, where the trades societies and friendly societies could meet. The CHAIRMAN' thought the Council might renew its application to the Warrington Corporation for permis- sion to met at the Town Half.

Tb was decided that the President, Secretary and Mr Flamblett shoutd form a committee to consider the matter and r.port t) the next otaetinq.

The SECRETARY said he would like the delegates to express an (minion whether it was not dpgirable that they should keep the meetings of the Council apart from public houses. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMAN slid he Was of ooiniln that the mem.- ings were much better attended since they were. held apart from a public-house. This view was assented to and it was agreed that a room should be secured,if possible, away from a public- house.

CORPORATION CONTRACTS.-TEIE FAIR WAGE

===== 0002601_19020815_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAUSE.

Writing on the 18'h July, Mr J Lyon Whittle (town clerk) said he did not know what was the intention of the Corporation with regard to the three contracts r.- ferred to by Mr Stott. He could not express .any opinion with regard to the contracts as he had received no instructions from the Connell. He might, however, say with regard to one of the firms, he had personally made inquiries and was aesured that they p 37 the rate of wages and observe the hours of labour recognised in the district. It occurred to him that if the Trades Coun- cil had any evidence concerning the contracts referred to, they should send a statement of facts to be laid before the cammittres concerned. In reply, Mr STOTT said that what the Trades and Labour Conncil would like to know was whether tha Town Council were oF.the opinion that the three firms named in their letter paid the rate of wages, and observe the hours of labour recognised in the trade in the.district, As stated in a former letter, they knew of no recognised rate except that which had been mivei- ally agreed to leo the trades unions employere. Was that the standard reco.grolsed by the Trades Council ? If it Was not, would the Town Clerk kindly Far in which war they ascertained what was •• the recognised standard," or whether it was left to the contractor to abate that he paid the rate of wages and observed the hours of labour recognised in the district for that par- ticular trade. The TOWN CLERK in a further letter pointed out that the three contracts referred to were entered into before it was decided by the Council to insert the fair wage clause in all contracts. Nothing could now be gained by enquiring as to the rate of wages and hours of labour under the three contracts referred to.lt could not be ex- pected that the Town Council could set up a court of en viry into all contracts entered into by tbem. The fair wage clause would be inserted'in all contracts in which it could be operative and if it could be proved that a con- tractor was not paying the rate of wage and observing the hours of labour recognised in the district, the con- tract might be cancelled. If from the facilities at the Trades Council's command they could furnish evidence en.this point with regard to any future contract the Corporation would no doubt cancel the contract.

The SECRETARY observed that the two !letters from the Town Clerk were very good. Ha believed Mr Lyon Whittle had stated very fairly, the opinion of the Town Council. It was rather absurd for the Corporation to say that the three contracts were entered into before the Town Council decided to insert the fair wage clause in all contracts becauss:he(Mr Stott)had letters from the Town Clerk stating that the resolution passed by the Council eleven years ago was being strictly adhered to. That was rather inconsistent with the statemPnt now made. It was very interesting and instructive to read these letters.

Mr BUCKLEY congratulated the socretary upon the way he had conducted the corre.pondenc., and said he thoroughly deserved the thanks of the delegates. They had gained some good for they had found out that the Town Council had not hitherto inserted the fair-wage clause in contract.. It was satisfactory to learn. that they intended to do so in future contracts. The SECRETARY said it would be advisable for the Trades Council to produce evidence when they com- plained of any Corporation contract being given to a firm which did not cooaply with the conditions laid down.

Mr PLINSTOM said they must hold a watching brief for future action. The subject then dropped. THE DISPUTE AT GIBRALTAR.

The SECRETARY said be had received circulars explain- ing the causes which have led to the trades unionists

Two inmates of the Isle of Man Lunatic Asylum es- caped on Monday. One of them, named Patrick Dl'Davitt, is the man who, a week ago, attempted to commit suicide by jumping overboard when a Passenger on the Blackpool s eamer Queen of the North. The other inmate at large is a Ramsey man named Tames Gill. Both lunatics at the time of their escape were wearing the asylum uniform, and had no money.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON-LE-WILLIOWS V. ECCLE3--Played at Newton on Saturday. Score:—

.. NEWTON. ECCLES. W Turton c Smith b Rogers 59 Gll Jackson c Huish b S Hendersonc Olive b Rogers 1 Cooke 7 HMOs St J Smith b L Smith 24 A Daniels 0 Rylance l4 11 Rylance b L Smith lB 11 Entwistle c Ccoke b J Carson c Leveley b Olive 0 Huish li R Hindlev b Rogers l2 L Smith b Rylance 1 11 li Carson b Rogers T Gee a Leveley b Smith... 8 J Olive c and b Huich C Hip weod b Rogers T Williams c and 0 Rogers 0 Huish 1 r Cooke not out B Rogers b Rylance J Green c Williams b Rylance S Slimmer not out Extras l5 Extras 7 T0ta1..... 179 Total 127

===== 0002601_19020815_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT SHEPHEaDS A.U.

The members of the Warrington Juvenile Burial Society and the Widow and Orphans Fund assembled at the British Workman Public House, Eforsemarket-street, on Monday, the occasion beine the 31st annual meet- ing in cosnection with the Juvenile Burial Society and the 37th of the Widow and Orphans Fund. The attend- ance of the members of both funds compared very favourably wita the crowded meetings of past years and manifested the keenest interest in the whole of the evening's proceedings. The meeting was presided over by the president of the Societies, PP CS John Haley and was supported by the vice-presid- ent, DPCS Joseph Wi'liams, P PCS James Parr, treasurer, PPCS Lawrence Weir, general secretary and Trustees, P M William Holmes, PPC S William Eckersley, PPC S Peter Eiger, PP CS Ttiorriss PPCS Frederick Massey, P PCS William Hall, P PCS James Lowe, P PCS Henry Warburton, PPC S James Greity, and D PCS Joseph Adams.—The Chairman expressed the gratifica- tion it afforded him to have the honour of presiding over this their annual meeting of the two Sacieties. He said the time has again corns round when in presenting oir annual report and balance sheet, we take the liberty of not only making a statement of our past I doings, but also of taking the bearings of our present ! position and future prospects. Many things have con- tributed to our past success, and not least of these must be inenlioned to the able and zealous labours of our es- teemed and worthy General Secretary,backed up by the, earnest and vigilant care of the Committee of I Management. An estimate of this may be found in the fact that during the past nine years working up to the present time, the Society has more than doubled the ceptifel, which had previously been accumu- lated from its formation in 1871 to 1893 (a period of ' 22 years). This alone speaks for itself as a testimony of the flourishing condition of the Saciety,and of the sound- ness of the principles of management. Let us take again another point of view in cinsidering the success of the Society's workings. With a present membership of almost 1,300 the average cost per year for the man- agement expenses is not more than 5 per cent in excess of the average cost for the preceding 22 years, which speaks volumes for the economy exercised in its present management. Small wonder that we are proud of our juvenile societies based on similar positions to our own, but we most not forget that such a high standard of efficiency possesses also its dangers. First the indulgent apathy it may beget in its management. Let us not therefore rest con- tented with our labours and rest on our oars, but let us still be up and doing for greater achievements and wider conquests, for the cause is a noble one. But while our Society is thus doing a good work for our javenile population we have not been unmindful of kindred societies whese operations and benefits;have naturally extended beyond our own as is shown in the fact 'hat we have paid the " entrance fees "of upwards ' of 160 of our members t) the adult lodges of the Society whose name we ar, pr Rid to bear, thus durine, the nine years I have named we have spent some £l6 or £l7 in this way, and assisting them in other ways until they ar3 full members in the adult order.—The General Secretar? P.P.C.S. Lawrence Weir in submitting the annual balance sheet showed that the total worth of the Juvenile Burial Society now amounted to £2,470 13s 91, as compared with £2,275 59 51 for the corresponding psriod last year, thus making a gain upon the year's traneactions of £195 83 4d,with a total mein- bersnin of 1,291. Toe report further showed that the Widow and:Orphaos' Fund had a capital of £206 12.311 e, as compared with £205 181 91 in the previous year, making a gain in this fund of 144 23. The Secretary said the president in his remarks referred to the progress this Burial Society had made during the past nine years. lie was proud to inform them it bad made a gain during that period of no less a sum than £1,391 4s 4cl, or an average of £154 us 73 or thereabouts per year. He further stated the total income for interest alone came to L'34 63 6d per year, and would exceed that amount at the end of the year. They were looking forward to theo time when the working expenses will be bourne entirely by the interest of the invested capital. He said these results of their labour had not been brought about without perseverance from all concerned upon the com- mittee of management and urged them not to be centent until they had placed thernselvee in such a financial position that would meet any emergency that might take place. The auditors PPC S Peter Edgar and P 51, John Jones in giving their report of their labours in connec- tion with the accounts, stated that the various accounts and registers kept by the general secretary and also the treasurer and colleaors' books had been examined, and found correct. In the election of officers Bre Joseph Williams P.C.S. Was elected: president and Bra Joseph Adams D.P.C.s. vice-president, P.P.C.S. Lawrence Weir general secretary, P.P.C.S. James Parr treasurer, Bros William Holrnee,Peter Edgar,and William Eckersley Trustees, P.M. John Jones, was re-elec- ted auditor,Committee of Management Bros John Jones, Frederick Massey, William Slevin, Henry Cook, Thomas Miller, Samuel Bradshaw, William Hall. John Haley, David Harris, Henry Warburton, James 'Gresty. The reinainder'of the agenda consisted of several matters of importance bearing upon the general welfare of tho societies, the principal being to take into consideration the question of forming a juvenile demonstration at some future date, and to vote such a sum as will cover the necessary expenses of carrying out the same. This was unanimously passed. The principal speakers were: Brothers Thomas Miller, John Jones, Peter Edgar, Jame Parr, William Hall,Joseph Adams, Samuel Blythe, James Lowe, and others. A vote of thanks was accorded the retiring president P.P.C.S. John Haley, for the admir- able manner in which he had conducted the business during his term of office. Brother John Haley in response thanked the members for their kind appreciation of his services and assured them his work bad been a labour of love—and he should endeavour to still do what he could for the interest of the societies. The meeting afterwards terminated.

A New York correspondent saysgan instance of the easy accumulation of wealth by Wall-street magnates was piveti OM Wednesday by Mr. Schwab. who trans- ferred his holdings in the Bethlehem Steel Company for 26,000,000 dollars worth of American shipbuilding stock. Ms Bethlehem Bonds cost him originally 7,500,000 dollars.

ilaezo Is Security it A rev arops on the tootheet,4.- —,_ every morniag CARTERS , ITTLE rDrei ', ot IVER . Pill. PILLS =re., SOZODONT Will Sweeten thn Breath all day, and make all the difference leii Absolutely cure Sick Headache, tween— Biliousness, Togpid Liver, Inch- Good Teeth and Bad Teeth. ,t.ffen, Constipation, Dizziness, tfirled Teeth and Yellow Teeth, &red Tongue, They Touch tire ~ Pletty Teeth and Ugly Teeth, . eei CompleTte in Toilet }, am',ce. wlnk 9it be me WAIF OM ANIZEI, eo* kyweer. .- '

===== 0002601_19020815_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST, BEST, CHEAPEST

Nearly 300 Branches.

LOCALILDDRESSES.

35, BRIDGE-STREET 1 WARRINGTOIci' 5, BRIDGE-STREET

ALSO AT LIVERPOOL, MINCHE9TER, CTER•STC"' j;r

„ ........,...,. • --___ I-; £': ' ..icv.'''''' .- • • - ' • ' • - . : . ,'.',(....,,.:*-' ,- • . 1 - . • ...., •*•;-•,..: ; • - .... . . 4 . . . .... 4‘.i.‘'.'' ' '''...;:: h' :. • t , O's cri .i le &II 15 '.,. .... 111 ..... ..,.. ,

Girl, ' woman is so immeasurably man's superior that only by weighing him more or less heavily with worldly advantages can any semblance of balance be obtained.' ' Then,' answered the Minor Poet, you surely agree with me that woman is justified in demanding this " make weight." The woman gives her love if you will. It is the art treasure, the gilded vase thrown in with the pound of tea ; but the tea has to be paid for.' It all sounds very clever,' commented the Old Maid ; yet I fail to see what good comes of ridiculing a thing One's heart tells one is sacred." Do not be so sure I am wishful to ridicule.' answered the Minor Poet. • Love is a wondrous statue God carved with His own hands and placed in the Garden of Life, long ago. And man, knowing not sin,worshipped her, seeing her beautifial. Till the time came when men learnt evil ; then saw that the statue was naked, and was ashamed of it. Since when be has been busy, draping it, now in the fashion of this age, now in the fashion of that. We have shod her in dainty bottines, regretting the size of her feet. We employ the best artistes to design for her cunning robes that shal I dis- guiFe her shape. Each season we fix fresh millinery upon her changeless head. We hang around her robes of woven words. Only the promise of her ample breasts we cannot altagether hide, shocking us not a little ; only that remains to tell us that beneath the tawdry tissues still stands the changeless statue God carved with laiS own hands.' "--A.ug,ust " Windsor Magazine."

_ , • .

===== 0002601_19020815_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19020815_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

===== 0002601_19020815_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
OUITINGS FROM THE MAGAZINES.

BRIBERY IN BRITISH WORKSHOPS.

Under conditions at present existing in many British ss4.4(thops the man who gets on the best, who is ,stoured by the cleanest and most comfortable jobs, who i`l'ltintains his employment when others are aismissed gh temporary slackness, and who is singled out roccotion, is he who regularly attends either the si'e place of worship or the same public-house as foreman, and it by no means follows as a ;•ro‘tollary that this is the best man in the shop, lilue result under these circumstances is that sten who have secured positions of trust in a workshop sol'eLlgh dishonoutable means are not too self-respecting fs,Leceive bribery in the shape of " tips " and " treats" 1.1.;'(' some of those workmen under their authority, to detriment alike of honest labour and capital. Besides hsPipkin's' and treating, there are other forms of workshop a:'erS'. Many managers of works accept commission ; st,"cz•les from furniture dealers, clothiers, jewellers and ss,-Eri for the supply of goods on the credit system to Ilftrien; Under such a manager, all the lazy cient man has to do in order to keep his 41°Yment, whether trade is good or bad, and , Ret paid for a liberal amount of overtime, is to Onize the shop-keeper whom his manager nominates. glete are many managers and foremen in Britain who 47, more money from shop-keeners in the shape of trilraission, than they draw in salaries or wages from eir employers. Another industrial evil that places °nest skill and faithful service at a discount,and that has 'Cs under my persanal observation, is money-leading. mently,foremen advancesmall sums of money to men er their charge,and receive good interest in return— sally two pence in the shilling. It naturally follows at the drunken spendthrift—seldom a capable work- 4c—who is always in debt from Monday to Saturday, Unduly favoured at the expense alike of honest labour capital. Men thus favoured have of course, served • foreman in some way—perhaps, by a little garden- by assisting in a shop when the foreman has been "°Pkeeper,or by their wives or daughters doing a little brpaitie work gratis. Need I expose these methods of al,,°ery any further ?—[r. Good, in the Engineering 'elfzine for August.] FACILIS DESCENSUS. ts,lt esently his eye fell upon the empty bag. It was th, it common bag, being made, evidently to order, of soo e7outest leather, Augustus picked it up. There be.',,Pcona at the bottom for a dezen necklaces. With • ba4itnife he ripped out the canvas lining, p'unged his buttld into the bag, and drew forth, not the diamonds, fltsta ,Iltige packet of bonds—the missing £60,000. A:t bets' ne rejoiced ; but when, on further search, it abd'ae evident that Elizabeth's diamonds were not in or hscer the bonds, his joy at annthsea good fortune asilMe less exuberant. Later, after more thought, joy alsbY7ofeether, scourged out of sight by envy and dis- stsgattnent. The bonds belonged to a rich ass:broker, to whom the loss had been a Div's' Pin's prick. And now jade Fortune restored to Issz's what he had scarcely missed, and withheld from I+ol,lllle crumbs which might save him from starving. 50 hour this injustice bit deep into the soul of %L.lll3t°°. The fact that; Dives was a mighty dealer in African mining stocks increased our poor friend's the " 111-gotten gold," quoth Augustus, eyeing its_Ode of bonds. " I would stake my life that some of 30 " Be began to finger the bonds, listening • strange smile upon his face to the soft, sibilant tf the paper. Then he counted them. The sixty pounds were there—every penny. Negotiable es—that was the phrase the detective used—easily ated into aught the heart might desire. "If he (road with Betty—" He started guiltily, eye door. Was it possible that he—he—was of no (19 than the man who had been condemned that Rae years' penal servitude ? Augustus closed his tut unconsciously he gripped the bonds more Suppose that he were not Augustus Peyton- ton. For—for the fun of the thing let him pre- be an unscrupulous rascal. Could the bonds be ' Never ! Toe man at the cloak-room had not at him when he pushed the bag across the Jr. The famous cracksman might make a shrewd •, but what could he prove ? Another man, cnight count himself justified in borrowing this money for a brief season. An , Of experience could double sixty thousand in a year! But then the bonds would have to for collateral security. That would be danger- lo ; the safer plan would be to sell the bonds in r Hamburg, and then, when he had reaped his ' ' return the sixty thousand pounds to its owner. his hand to his forehead, and found that it was td wet with perspiration. Sixty thousand pounds! Lid it mean ? Why—the old life ; the pleasant lays, the swirl of salman rArs, the scent of r, the cheery gatherings at the covert•side, and rer and pride of a county magnate. Augustus to the window, pulled aside the curtains, and M the sash. Outside the snow was falling the lamets gleamed palely, throwing, circles upon the chill obscurity around them ; iveinect gleamed white in front of the house; e white melted imperceptibly into the grey, and teY ieto black. "By God ! " said Auguste% ° it." He shut the window and laughed. He 'fling with excitement', with a new and alluring "Da they do it for this ? "he wondered, as l'ed the bonds into a black enamelled box labelled 'lllkinton Estate. " Does it grip them like The human mind, he reflected, was a strange 4ble''' A man might climb and elimn, over inconceiy- fm .obstacles. till he stood on dizzy heights—and then scalebottomless abyss. It was now hard on h'issOnta but Augustus feeling particularly wide- ", Put real on the fin% tobacco into his pipe, and s s. ,•; mmeelf in a cosy chair. At this moment be tff timid tap at the door ; then, obedient to a sorrle " Come in," Elizabeth crossed the threshold. Humpty-Dumpty," in the " Cornhill Mega- ' for Au ,t gust. . A STORY OF NAPOLEON. laterrstino aceouot is given of Napoleon, at the • eriteria-g on his; career as First Consul. Miss dirs's'r ineets at dinner an American Win had been in the klovfsrcs %tic service, and who knew some of Bonaparte's the contemporaries at Paris :—" They told him that Crist eceral bad received his education with them at a ary academy near that city ; that be always had ; 4111; las" extraordinary In h's character. He was eager 8 'hudies,and, though reserved, vary amiable in his the ;41„13r- Another gentleman present then told :thhcalowing, anendotto about him : A little sa is. ago the Count de Lagne went over `atlee to gather together the wreck of his pro- amongst the rest. some pictures of great wine. ne was a warm Royalist. While in Paris incognito 4011Cb1ished a violent pamphlet against the existing etnmenr. It was traced to the Count. He was dis- ti eted and taken with part of the MSS. in his p ockeS. s,l was thrown into the Temnle. The Countess, in die- f:etio,. thee.", herself at the feet of Bonaparte. He sent 1.1 her busb know Count came. "De Lagne," said General, hew it is a natural impulse to Otlaplsin commit the hand by which we think we 1159 ,v.sived injury ; I therefore give you this passport. It 1,111 cs elver you and your pictures to England, whore relay sell them ; that done you have liberty to come )r_'k and settle here, where and how you PiraSe." 64 A page from the Past," in the Cornhill 50r August. • JEROME K. JEROsiIE ON "THE MARRIAGE QUESTION i„ Nat.- ArliOnn the Upner ChiesKi." coitinupd the Minor nnporsunity for obeervine h male instinctghssaiy, tb Thp girl's choie.g is confined to lovers able to pay tetj),,tice demanded,if not by the beloved ben.elf,by those 00 her behalf. Bit would a daughter of the s:ttics'r'g Classes ever hesitate, °thee thing 3 beicg equal, s'ec Mayfair and Seven Did; ? ' eet me ask you onp chime in the Glenn Girl, •d 4hti a briettiayer hesitate any hinger between a duche&s itl4etillerymaid btettisslisLcinchi;sees don't fall in love with bricklayers,' else the Minor Poet, 'Now, why not? The stock- . . 4te flirt; wixel the barmaid—cases have been known , 4114 " T 1 l led shopoing erer t, marries her. ...7ell t. ell., ',lvc with the wait,r at the bun shop.? Hardly 'tb,serdnegs marry ballet girls, hut ladies rarely Sit heart and fortune at the feet of the Lien th • Manly beauty and vista. are not confined to is'seeiss-,!!'e of Cords fld its donendencies. How do you for the ieet `hat' whil.• it is common enough for 41)1 'rat) ' , ()lock beneath him, the woman will all invari- D'et el • ; never ersts,,,er eer Poeta. superior, an certainly (4e ar„,”•-fer inferior. Why should King Cophetua and Maud Aprear to us a beautiful legend, while 'ph,,smtrihertla and the Tramn would he ridicu ntlH explanation is. expounded the Girton 413, LORD ROSE-B-E- RY tit stses. ' ale speeches. Holdrovel's Gravel Pills cure ,54'e9 of Gravel, Lumbago, Sciatica, Backache Rtistali; :Gout, Sciatica, Kidney Diseases, etc. A tt eed Cure. Try a box is. 10. all Chemists. Post free ''"P,• Ifoldroyd, Medical Hall, Cleckheaton York (3).

Ititti a hutle f 'ttur. tyansif..if at tbo th tu,7eB, b

jes-1

t-o tNcea

of ttor of experi,

used

k •.3 nt nltvest, an, ,vhat di

IDersseTt'l

tbe

I '4l 4 d ti tep, PE th- "Sto ??:1

t,11:t1

I

I

t'i,

NPO.- I- rnt ;Atte, .There honesi iotktie 'tecit 141(tei that tt Utv their 111Z,r 7

t., Plgtl nter %roe °Deno bour be Ak • h tie 3'l,eBterdt tile 01 r, 141,-ed

===== 0002601_19020815_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD IN APPLETON

DINGLE.

The Inquest. Recommendation by the Jury.

Early on Sunday morning a man named William Jepson, of Rose Bank, Stockton ileatn was on the bridge which crosses Dingle trook at Appleton when he noticed a man lying dead in the shallow water beneath the bridge. The deceased's forehead was terribly bruised and cut and the man had evidently been dead some hours. The police were communicated with, and it was ascertained that the body was that of John Hindley, 28 years of age, a wheelwright, who worked in his lather's shop at Appleton. The deceased, who was unmarried, attended the Coronation festivities in Walton Park on Saturday evening and after witnessing the dis- play of fireworks, left for home accompanied by a friend who went with him part of the journey.

The inquest was held at the Thorn Inn, App-leton Thorn, by Mr R Dobson, coroner, on Tuesday even- ing. Jonas Hindley, father of the deceased, said his son lived with him at Wright's Green, Appleton. He was 28 years of age, and enjoyed very good health. He saw him about eight o'clock on Saturday night, when he went away in a governess zar with a man named William Tipping. lie did not see him again alive. William Starkie Brodie, Appleton, gamekeeper, said he met Hindley at the Cat and Lion Hotel, at about 'ialf-past eight. No one was with him. Hindley had three glasses of beer and they then went towards Walton. That was about half-past nine. They went to Walton Park to see the fire- works and left shortly before eleven. They went along by Hughe:'s Bridge and witness left him at Lester's gate. The deceased went towards home. He was quite sober. William Jepson, of Rose Bank, Stockton Heath, said that on Sunday morning he went for a walk ly the quarry with a friend. When he got to the bridge he looked over, and saw the body of a man in the water. It was face downwards, and the mouth was in the water. They gave the alarm to Mr Claydon. the woodman. Information was sub- sequently Riven to the police. There was a loose I stone near the coping. John Chtvdon, who resides at Dingle Lodge, de- posed to going to the bridge and seeing the body. Sergeant Bourne said he recovered the body. The bead was on the edge of a large stone, and there was a wound on the forehead just over the left eye. It was about 11 inches deep. There was a wound on the right head and an abrasion on the knee. The night in question was dark and rough. The wall leading to the bridge was 22 inches high, and that was the only safeguard to passengers using the road. The deceased would fall about 15 feet. The body was removed and searched. 'WI. juror called attention to the wall, and said that in the bridge had been fenced the accident might not have happened. It was very dangerous, especially on a dark night. 14 The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased died from injuries to the head, apparently received through a fall from the bridge, and recom- mended the Coroner to write to the proper authority with reference to the approach to the bridge.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Transfer of Licenses.

fhe following transfers of licensee were granted at the Borough Police Court on Monday:—" Lower Angel," Buttermarket-areet, from John Howard to William Osborne ; " Blue Bell," ltorsemarket-streetr from Ann Kershaw deceased to Thomas Cooper; "Ola House at Home," Friars-green, from Thomas Mullins to ttlizabeth Mullins; "Bird-in-fland Bank- street,from Patrick Lane to Patrick William Roddy; Off-license , 127. Bewsey-road, from John Rigby to John Howard ; off-license,Frogholl-lane and Rolles- ton-street, from Samuel Baxter Smallwood to Peter Holt Lake off-liceuse. Livernool-road, from Joan Cross to Thomas Clarke. Temporary authority was granted to On Pave for an off-license in Pinner's- brow, in lieu of Mary Jane William..

===== 0002601_19020815_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Wafer Polo.—Warrington v. Wigan.

ghaenrec toe, apmo rsa tmi oent ,13na tlhlree, clbnezcrl: ya ecrreonwi aatttenthd-e anca. Both teams were at full strength. Wigan first defended the shallow end, and Swift early on scored with a back handed shot. Wigan displayed splendid combination, and Kearsley soon alter added the second gal, and a minute later scored the third. Warrington then got to the other end. and Turner gave Smith a high shot to negotiate Peacock, however, beat Robertson with a lightning shot from long range. Half-time :—Wigan 4 goals, Warrington nil. Immediately on resuming Warren caused Smith to throw away a difficult .hot, but Wigan were soon on the attack again, and Kearoley added two goals in quick succession. Warrington then improved considerably, and Smith had several hot shots to clear. Final result :—Wigan G goale, Warrington nil.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
-EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable Information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the mall Safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy, Never Fails. Thousands of Testimonials. Mr P. BLINCIIIRD, Dalston-lane, London.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINETO FRIDAY AUGUST 15, 190‘i

===== 0002601_19020815_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTEIZS OF ALL SIZES

May be inspceted and liatirnates7obtained at

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSZY• STREET WARRING TON.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 -. o.AND 1/-

===== 0002601_19020815_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Os Receipt of Foot Stamps Seelig 0 Ether teal Foot Piss.

rvonlAN•s UNFAILING FRIENDY TowLE,s P E N sY TR E 0 EY L NUS FOR FEMALES. QIITCELY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOM MR. PREVALENT WITH 'THE SEX. Boxes, In?! &29 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 51 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE' di Co., CG, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Zeicaro of imitations, injurious caul mirthless.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUZNEA A cox.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
_ .v.- " ,r-,• • , • r-,7 :4,1 '74 4-7,, . ;:t ' ‘",..VVf !4. ' t 4 It 1 ... '..k -I,' t• ' 1 .e.,.., :,- 1,,,,, • "C' ''-'44` 4114:%' ' ' :`,, • t, A ... °•‘-?* , JAC .4.t • *:- '4

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERYOUS DISORMS k Sick tioulache, Constipatim, Wind,

Weak Stoma,oh„ Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liuer & Female Ati!melds.

Prepared only by the Proprietor' TrioNlAs BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9th each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, [I ]'H a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be 14 V improved upon and reduced to a more simpie fora Take some good Compound such at

===== 0002601_19020815_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKL'z'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLEtS PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so weil, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY,

===== 0002601_19020815_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
LEI'S

A. E. Xiltl3!

COMMERCIAL PRINTING

WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH.

PECIAL ATTENTION is given t 3 Urgent Orders, and much importance is attach.d to the faithful fulfilment of promises as to time. EXAMINIZR OFFICE, • BEWSBY-STRRET,WARRINGTeIi.

THIENBW FRENCH:fiIiMFEDY. THERAPION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Moor,' Rostan,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surQasses everything hithertoemployed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and sweli fogs or the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases • stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tin... eta. Therapion is prepared in three dlffereat forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. ,Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope far pamphlet to

MR. H. JOHNSON, 43 HoLFORD-EQUiRE, LONDOIF, W.O

MANLY MEN'?

Why Battery from pains and misery caused by Bervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send fo my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, nud ovaranteed genui "1 cannot find words to express ow alana.a, am. used to think I never would get curet. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G.F.M."

"I nave carri-d out your Instructions, and am now per redly

- Book sent sealed, post free, for two etemps. . LEIGH, 92 and 93, Oreat Russell Street. London, W.C. Bendel once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Suereee

===== 0002601_19020815_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PU,RE. VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. • 7i."'e,r BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. DE MOOS.

COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. 2 Ace justly celebrated all over thtilworld as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy o. other Deposits, btnne In the Bladder. Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally, Many compiaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely Prise from contamination of the 4elood with certain impurities which should have been carried ofl by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the Words, 'WALTER DB ROOS. LONDON." thereon, by order of her Majesty's Mon. Commissioners, ls. lid. an 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor lielford House. Rolf ordemuare. Loo.lon.

JUNO CYCLES Ali Thu VERY REST. - FOR

• -•• mug LADIES a GENTLEMEN. WaRILL Carriage Paid to all parts CASH OR 12 MosiIII.T PAYILENIS. e. I£7 iSs. £412 . £8 Bs. ts/.. ..„0.., IQ 10S. 17/1 a £9 151. £716 g zu os. 20t- A £l2 OS. 21/8 bp • e trim, over 100 pages, and ova. Acesesorkft, 0 Cycles and latest Cycling ..,y other house. Sent post free. METROPaitic ,NISTS' Co., Ltd. (oert.c.) 73. Eishopoirate • _ Without, London, E.G.,41110 Proarnmaß ChßouS. LoNo^!.., W. SICIF-

;treet

4/2 -• • , N /gtllly. i, p',;'""•,,,,,,i ft.-4w 'la: Si t"ia, Y"' POST ''' • ',Writs M once for NEW SEASON'a over SOO illostrationt of JUNO Iries, at lower pie. .th" "7 'TAN MACHINIF

===== 0002601_19020815_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Pow

TINS-Sd.6d. is-gELLOWS-9ii

Ic A I. DER' jaco, K.l L L 1 FLEAS BUGS MOTHS BEETIIS

ADVERTISE YOUR BUSINESS ThIS LATEST AND,MOSI UP-TO-DATE METHOD

CONSULT THE NATIONAL ENGRAVING CO., EXPERT ILCUsTRATORS AND ADVERTISING SPECIALISTS. HALF-TONE, WOOD ENGRAVING, LINE. AND ELECTROTYPING. KNOLLS WORKS, 266 BURY NEW ROAD,

MAIiCHESTBR.

DR. J. COLLIS BRO WIIES CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis covered. oHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for J Coughs, Consumption, Bromititis and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Agee. OHLOROIDYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea NJ and is the only specific in Cbolersand Dysentery. OHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. rIBLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gis, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, ac. From Dr. B. J. BOITLTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately aad look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other 'remedy, and it seems to posse. . this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a deepatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was cffLoao- IYMB."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1864. VAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. •-•.! _ _

Csirtroic.—Vlce-Chancelfo-r. Paola WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLfe BROWSIE WU, anioubtedly, the inventor cf —DIILORODYISB " emu that the story of the defendant ItsmEmAx. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Zimes, 13th July, 1884. Sold in bottles at Is. 10, Es. 9d., and 4s. fici. None Is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYEIR "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm ng Id edicsi testimony accompanies each bottle

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS 1 LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENT LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S W ALKING STICKS BIBRELLAS Am) SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN HAL L:r HOUR 11103( 38. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY ANDOPPOSITE CONSTANTINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTER.

£l,OOO WORTH IN PRIZES

===== 0002601_19020815_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
NOW BEING GIVEN AWAY WITH

BENNETT'S PATENT MASSAGE STONE. PARTICULARS & VOUCHER WITH EACH STORE. POST FREE 1 SD FROM THE B.P.M.S CO.,

.91 SOUTHAMPTON-ROW, LONDON, W.C.

This Stone was discovered by Professor BVINETT, F.G.S. and is the same as used by the Greeks and Romans, hence the name Strigil. It will eradicate WRINKLES and keep the hands soft and smooth. It Is invaluable for Rheumatism, Lumbago, Stiff Joints and all skin and nervous disorders. It is an ever- lasting soap, with or without water, and removes ink and all stains from the body. Prospectus free. Of all Chemists, Stores, ac. Price Is 6d.

SWEETS FOR THE CHILDREN. SECRETARIES AND COMMITTEES OF SCHOOLS CAN BE SUPPLIED WITH THE BERT OF EVERYTHING ,IN CHOCOLATES AND GENERAL CONFECTIONERY FOR STALLS AND SCHOOL TREATS, Bce. CALL AND INSPECT OUR BTOCE OR SEND FOR OUR REPRESENTATIVE. _

J. LYTFIGOE & CO., SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS &c: BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. iirrßoGEs 2 TO 21. AMHONIA zit TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 TO 12.

PRICE £9 15s. PER TON. IL PAM TON CASH DINCOUNT. AT YARD. OR FREE ON RAILS, sr BCIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3} TO 4, AMMONIA 4 TO 4}, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE £4 2s. 6n. PER TON.

71, SD. PRE TON_CASH DISCOUNT-AT YARD OR

FREN ON RAILS. FOR FURTHER PARTICULAR 3 APPLY

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone No 222. Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

JOHN W Amon AND CO. EXkMINER PRINTING WORKS.

PROGRAATMES FOR FETES,

PROGRAMMEIS FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK.

PROGRAMMES Fart SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOB CONCERTS.

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. CONCERT BILL* AND PROGRAMMES. BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM PANIES.

"EA MEITNER" OFFICE

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

JOHN WALEE It & CO.,

COMMERCIAL AND GENERAL PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &c., &c.

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. YEW EEY ELT, WRRINGTON.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING,

PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING.

ESTIMA TES GIVEN ON APPLICATION

JOHN WALKER & CO

EXAMINER PRINTINGBW ORBS,

TELEPHONE, 3.55 Y

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

===== 0002601_19020815_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ICSTIMA.TES FURNISHED FOR

PRINTIYG OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR

CONCERTS

SOIREES BALLS

===== 0002601_19020815_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA PARTIES

SERMONS

MEETINGS &c.. &:c

EXAMINER OFFICE,

T3OORBINDING, &c.

WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. "EXAMINER' OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. SPECIAL BOOKS MADE TO ORDER ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE CONSISTENT WITH SOUNDNESS. "EXAMINER" OFFICE. MVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19020815_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Appointment of Registrar.

A meeting of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday. Dr Patterson pre- sided and there were also present :—Mrs Clay ,Revs T II Matthews, J H Riddette, Dr Murray, Messrs A Brooks, A J Jolley, A Jolley, G Pilling, J Billinge, E L Bent, J W Knowles, P Longron, T H Ashcroft, R Forshaw, J Clarke, J Payton, T Halton, J Robinson, J Ball, William Houghton, T Ritchie, J Backhouse, G Mather, with J C Sutton (clerk), 8 Sutton, (assistant clerk), F Gate (master), and A Wright (superintendent of schools). T E MAYOR AND THE PADGATE SCFIJOL

===== 0002601_19020815_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN,

Mr J CHARLTON PARR (Mayor) wrote 28 follows : " August 12, 1902. Visited Padgate Schools. The Mayoress and I were much impressed with the cheery look of everything and everybody and also with the neat and orderly appearacce of the children and their look of happiness and health,"

HOUSE COMMITTEE. ELECTRIC LIGHT EXTENSIONS.

The minutes of the House Committee included re- commendations that the tender of Messrs Morton and Sampson for extension of the electric light for the sum of £59 10s be acceptrd ; that a sketch plan and speci- fication for formation of a new airing yard for male lunatics be approved and tenders applied for and that sundry repairs be effected. The minutes were approved on the motion of Mr A. BROOKS.

AN ABSENTEE MEMBER.-AN ELECTION DELLARED.

The CLERK submitted a declaration signed by threel members ot the Guardians (Messrs G Pilling, J Back- house and G Mather; to the effect that Mr Peter Cunliffe, of 366. Church-road, Haydock, elected in 1201 as a Guardian of the poor for the East Ward of the Parish of Haydock having been absent from meetings of the Board for more than six months consecutively, and the oppor- tunity of explanation of the cause of his absence having been afforded without any explanation being received from him, the Board declared the office vacant, and it was ordered that the Clerk forthwith take the necessary steps to fill the vacancy. _ _ _ _

The Rev J H RIDDETTE said be WIS sorry Mr Cunliffe had not sent an explanation. Was it necessary to pro- ceed to an election ? It was only six months until the proper election came round again. The CLERK pointed out that the election was 18 months off.

Mr RIDDETTE said he was under a misapprehension about it. He quite thought they WE nt out of office next March.

The CLERK stated that if there was no opposition there would be no cost to the parish, but if there was a con- tested election all the costs would fall on the parish of Haydock. . . . .

The CLERK wag inet,ucted to proceed with the election. SANKEY SUB-REGISTRATION DISTRICT. APPOINTMENT OF REGISTRAR.

A communication was read by the CLERK from the Registrar General with reference to the appointment of a registrar for the sub-district of Sankey, enclosing a copy of a letter from the Buttonwood Parish Council, and requesting that the Board of Guardians would favour him with their opinion as to the necessity or desirability of taking the present opportunity to make any change in the constitution of that sub-district. He stated that he would not be prepared to entertain any proposal that would increase the present number of sub- districts into which Warrington Registration was divided. It appeared that the whole of the Sankey sub-district formed part of the relief district for which Mr Bowes (registrar of births and deaths for Newton-in-Makerfield sub-district) acted as relieving officer. The letter enclosed from the Burtonwood Parish Coun- cil was as follows :—To the Registrar General, July 10th, 1902. Honoured sir,—.On the information that Mr B Hobson, registrar to e Sankey sub-registration district, has tendered his resignation, my Council feel justified in again approaching you with regard to a sub- registration office in this township, and having in view your letter of July 2n,1, 1900, have instructed their repreeentative on the Board of Guardians to bring this matter again before them, and should their decision be favourable my Council pray that you will grant this long felt want to the township.—(Signed) JCWN Fain- moron (clerk).. The CLERX said be had advertised for a registrar in accordance with instructions, and had received 14 applications for the post. The Local Government Eoard hoped that the Guardians would in future see that the duties of the vaccination officer were properly and efficiently carried out. All they could do was to appoint a capable man, who required not only to be a Rood writer but one who could properly conduct a case before'the magistrates if necessary. Mr J. W. KNOWLES : A man with a business training, you might say. The CLERK said be had received the following letter from the Burtonwood Parish Council :—" July 29th. Dear sir,—At a convened parish meeting held in the Board Schools yesterday,and which was largely attended by latepayers, the following resolution was unanimously carr;ed : ' That this meeting is of opinion that great convenience would be given to the ratepayers of Burton- Wood ,if the Warrington Guardians would transfer Buttonwood from the Sankey sub-registration district ; failing that, that they appoint a registrar to reside in al central position to the whole district.' I am also in- structed to point out the following : (1) That doctors residing' in Earlestown attend nine-tenths of sick cases in Burtonwood. (2) That insurance agents living in Earlestnwn have nine-tenths of the business in Burton wood. (3) That Earlestown is the market town for the whole of the working classes. (4) That there is a good train service to Earlestown. (5) That a considerable saving of time and expense would be made if registra- tion could be done in Earlestown.—Yours truly JonN Fazactouoir (clerk). J. C. Sutton, Esq." Mr Fonsnew remarked that Earlestown would suit their district the best, and be wanted to ask the Clerk if it was possible for Buttonwood to be added to the Earlestown registration district. The CLERK said this would alter the district, and the effect would be that it would not be worth while for al man to take up the position of registrar for the other' pnrtion of the district. The office at present was worth £25 for registration purposes. There was probably £l5 in addition to that for fees, so that the registration of the distric:: would probably produce £4O. The vaccina- tion fees bad been £5O, and due attention had not been accorded, in the judgment of the Loral Government Board, to vaceination,so that the emoluments would be much larger for vaccination in all probability. They might take it that the joint sum would reach about £lOO a year, and, as he would be able to do other work, they ought to find a very good man, who would so regu- late his duties as to avoid all difficulties.

Mr KNow LES proposed. and Mr PILLING seconded,that Mr Joseph Smith. of Great SankPy, be appointed to the office.

An amendment was mowed by Mr Bnoorcs and second- ed by Mr FORSHAW, that it be left to a sub-committee to select two or three of the candidates to appear before them at the next meeting. The CHAIRMAN said be supported Mr Bros's propo- sition. He thought they should go into the merits of each man.

After some discussion, Mr KNOW LES said if it would please everyone he was willing that all the names of the candidates should be put to the meeting and voted upon. This was eventually agreed upon. The following were the candidates whrse names were submitted and voted upon .—Messrs John T Gerrard, Crow-lane, New- ton ; John -8 &anther°, Market-street, Earlestown ; J G Pownall, collector of taxes, Great Sankey ; John Fairclough, assistant overseer, Burtonwood ; John Rains, Clipsley-lane, Haydock ; Thomas E Clough, Earlestown ; D Kitshaw,book-treeper,Manehester ; Ralph Log, Sankey ; E Hobson, l'enketh ; E Foster, assiszant overseer, Penketh ; Joseph Smith, Great Sankey ; J W Molyneux, Nantwich J R Jones, Padgate Schools ; and Arthur W Shearer. The result of the voting by a show of hands was that Mr Joseph Smith, of Groat Sank, y, received the highest numlrr of votes, viz 17. Mr Jones was second with 11 ; and Mr Long third with 8. The final voting resulted in Mr Smith defeating Mr Jones by 11 votes to 8.

Mr smith was irpnintod subjort to his appFarine at tho nest meeting of ths Board and aereoing to condi- tions as to his residence being in the centre of the die- trim.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
This was all thetusiness and the Board rose.

- ST. HELENS TRAGEDY.

Another Remand.

James Shaw, who ;s charned at St Helene with the murclPr of Michael Nennan, 29, 3 colliery banheman, on the night of Aueust sth, was brnueht un at the Inca! Police-ceurt, on Thuradai merninx,and /wain remanded for ltr'vrc days. after formal evid.nee had been elven by Thomas Noonan, the brother of the deceasse.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MAHVELTOVS EFFECT 13PoN THE STOMACH, LIVER. KIDNEYS & BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and nurifylne power, far greater than other known remedies. This is now conceded 'fly important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Venn as one of the ingredients of Veno's Seaweed Tonic, since which time Veno'n Seaweed Tonic has been used in hospitals And by doctors themselves hecaug o. As superior curative pro- pertiee. Its most bril:iant effect is produced in stomach. liver and kidney diseases. and the ectraordinary cures p,-forms, en in the worst Mises. is positive proof of its efficacc. It is a god-send to sufferers from indiges- tion. wind, beariscbe, general weakness, kidney trouble. weak and painful back, torpid liver, female trouble?, nnerness of blond and Pg..AMTUAL CONSTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Price I.e. lid. and 2s. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EXAMINER FRIDAY AUGUST 15, 1902

jar and all approached the work of the Bqard in a busi- ness like spirit.. (Applause.) . .

Mr Taylor said, the previous speakers had taken the wind out of his sails. (Laughter.) Being the third speaker he was not in a position to say much. But it gave him extreme pleasure to be with them, and partici- pate ia such an 'enjoyable gathering. He felt it was a pity they could not have such sociale a little oftener. If ' they would only arrange one every three months he promised them they would have seven Guardians from Runcorn to attend the meet- ings with the utmost regularity. (Laughter.) They would observe that at present there was some difficulty in getting the necessary seven from Runcorn, but the difficulty could be entirely obviated by acting on his suggestion. (Laughter.) His reason for going to the Board meetings for so many years was because he delighted in looking after the poor. (Applause). Other- wise he would not trouble to go. It was a cast in time and sacrifice for it took almost a full day, but he delighted to go for the reason stated. (Applause), As he looked round the Board he thought bow much more generously they would have dealt with the out-relief if the applications had been made after the dinner. (Laughter.) It would have gladdened the hearts of the relieving officem The meetings did much to bring them in touch with one another and it vies a pleasure to en- deavour to do one's duty for those who needed it. (Ap- plause.) Mr Taylor rroposcd the health of Mr and Mrs Cunnah. In a highly eulogistic speech Mr Taylor spoke of the good qualities of the master and matron and said they could not possibly be better qualified for their respective position.—Mr Cunnah briefly replied. Mr Stokes proposed the health of the Clerk,Mr Ashten, and the deputy clerk, Mr Hough, to which Mr Ashton briefly responded. Other toasts were "Dr Adams.-medical officer," tt The Bishop and clergy of the different denominations with which was coupled the name of the Rev Fat:eer Chambers." "The relieving officers," "The Ladies' Visiting Committrm " " Tue surveyors " and " The Press."

===== 0002601_19020815_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CORONATION FESTIVITIES

(Continued from page 3.) Earleatown.

Beyond a slight display of bunting, no steps were taken in Esrlestown or Newton to celebrate the Corona- tion. In fact had there been any intention to indulge in any kind of festivities, there would have been but a poor show, in consequence of such a large number of people having departed for other places. On Sunday special Coronation services were held in the three parish churches, there being fairly good congregations at each.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Celebrations at Runcorn.

On Saturday a demonstration of the friendly societies was held at Runcorn in commemoration of the King's coronation. The day was all that could be desired for a spectacular dieplay and the proceedings were a marked succees. Some of the tradespeople closed a portion of the day, others the whole of the day but the majority did not prefer to make the best business day of the week into a holiday. Thoce who were to take part in the Friendly Societies procession began to assemble in the Market-place shortly after half-past two. The members of the Duke's Club, who took the initiative in arranging the demonstration, ' had met on the lawn of Bridgewater House. The follow- . mg officials attended: Messrs John Dean,Jainsa Hankers and William Floxworth (trustees), Peter Parr, John Hozworth, George Rands, F Crompton, John West, J H Miller, William Miller, J H Jackson, W Leach, Charles Hankers and H Hughes (committee), R W Owen (treasurer), and G Hollingworth. Among the members were the late secretary, Mr Done, and Messrs Joseph Rosa, Charles Atherton and Joseph Hoxwortb. There , was a large attendance of juvenile members who wore the medals presented by the society in honour of the Coronation. Mr William 'immoral, assisted ' by the committee, marshalled the procession, the members of which headed by the Weston Works Prize Band proceeded to the Market-place. The members of the club—some 250—were joined in the Market-place by the members of the Oddfellows Orders —the Rose of Sharon Lodge, the Ethelfieda Female Lodge and the Lily of the Valley Lodge. The Rose of Sharon Lodge was established in 1854 and commenced with a membership of 30. This has now increased to 467. The capital of the lodge is £4,129. The officials are Messrs T L Ashcroft (warden), G Parr and J P Parr (tylers), T A Jones (past president), J J Banner (presi- dent), S Bloor (vice-president) E Jones, G Rutter, and J Hindley sen. (trustees), J Douglas (treasurer), T Davies (secretary), W Lambert (assistant secretary), S Mousdale (collector), and J Parr (sick visitor). The , membership is 467. The membership of the.lichelfieda Female Lodge is 39. The officials are :—Mrs F M , Wilson (warden), Miss M H Moorfield (tyler), Miss A A Peacock (past president), Mrs C L Parr (president), Miss M L Steel (vice-president), E Jones, G Rutter, and J Hindley, sen (trustees), Mrs Massey (secretary), and G Rutter (treasurer). The juvenile branch has a membership of 320. Mr E Jones ,is the secretary and collector, and Mr J Douglas the treasurer. The Lily of the Valley Lodge was established in 1865 and has a membership of 470. The worth of the Lodge is £2,500. The trustees are Messrs W Worthing- ton, William Hodgetts, and William Ford, the secretary Mr John Holt, assistant secretary Mr Robert Evans, treasurer Mr S Littler, juvenile secretary Mr H Holt, rec ycling secretary Mr A Derbyshire, Nis Mr S Jones, VGMr F Holt, P G Mr H Bibby, warden Mr J James, tvler Messrs H 0 Nield and 8 Hignett, regalia master Mr W Stringer, committee Messrs W Worthington, W Hodgetts, A Derbysnire, J Holt, W Ford, S Hignett, H Holt, A Haspell, H Nield, T Parry. R Evans, S Littler, W Stringer, district treasurer W Holford, and representa- tive on Board of Directors Mr W Millington. Thejuvenile branch was established in 1900 and has a membership of 170.

The full precession was marshalled and in order by three o'clock. Prior to starting away the first verse of the National Anthem was heartily sung. The procession was headed by the members of Ma Urban Council and other prominent townspeople. These included Mr S Taylor (chairman of the Council),who wore his chain of office, the Revs C R Killick, J Osborne, J Foster, S Morris,and W Gay,and Messrs W Handley,S Walton,G H Salkeld, G H Kirkloam,T Jones,? J Norman, flankinson, J Littler, T Woods,? Hutton,T Lea, J Percival, J Wild- ing, T Boote, J Hall and J M Frith. Aft?rwards came the Weston Point! Works Band and the members of the Duke's Club. The Widnes St Mary's Band and the Widnes Subscription Band headed the Oidfellows. The large banners of the societies were carried as well as innumerable small banners and flags. The route Was Church-street,Waterloo-road,Waterloo Bridge,Lowlands- road.Shaw-street, Green way-road, High-street, Bridge. street, Halton-road to crane and return to Market- place. The processian Was witnessed by large numbers of interested townspeople.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Banquet at Dutton Workhouse.

In connection with the King'd coronation a banquet was given by Mr 9 Taylor chairman of the Runcorn Urban District Council, Mr Knowles. chairman of the Rural District Council and Mr J Stokes chairman of the Board of Guardians to the members of the Rural District Coun- cil and Board of Guardians on the accession of the King to the throne. The unforeseen illness of the King pre- vented the projected banquet fre in taking place at the rime appointed and was at length arranged to be held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday last. The Council Chamber, which bad been most elaborately and artistically decorated by Mr and Mrs Cuanah master and matron, had been requisi- tioned and nothing had been omitted to ensure the suc- cess of the proceedings. At the bead of the board sat Mr Taylor, Mr Knowles and Mr Stokes ani with one or two exceptions the Council Chamber was honoured with a full attendance of the representatives of the two authorities with the officials. After a dinner worthy of the COMmemoraticn of so memorable an event the cus- tomary loyal toasts were given by Mr Knowles in felicitous terms and were responded to right heartily. Mr Knowles then said that the next business was a small presentation to Mr Moseley-Williams. They were all pleased to see him. He had been a member of the Rural Council and the Board for a great number of years, and had rendered yeoman service. (Applause). Mr estokea, in making the presentation said that as chairman of the Board of Guardians it afforded him great pleasure to mark the esteem in which Mr Williams was held. Mr Williams removal from Frodshana, which place he represented, would mean a great loss toithe township and to the Beard generally. It was Mr Williams whom he (the speaker) had followed in the position be then held a position which he (Mr Williams) filled with honour and dignity, He was not really leav- ing them although he was leaving the neighbourhood and he hoped he would be with them for many years to come, He congratulated him upon the happy occasion which bad called forth the presentation. (Applause.) He trusted that Mr and Mrs Williams, would be lone spared to the happiness which they would enjoyein their future married life and that each would live • long for each other in comforts and trials. He trusted Mr Williams would accept the small present as a testimony to the existing spirit between them, the kind regards and the pleasant memories which might never be forgotten. The inscription read as follows :—" Pre- sented to J Moseley Williams, &el, by the members and the officers of the Runcorn Union and District Council on the occasion 31 his marriage, 1902." It was with great pleasure be banded the small present—a silver cigarette case, Ste,—to Mr Williams, which would be a link between him and the Runcorn Union. (Applause). Mr Williams said that the kind words of the Chairman of the Council and the Chairman of the Beetle of Guard- , isms had quite taken the steam out of him. But he ap- prec;eted to the fullest extent the kind words and the beautiful present more than was possible for him to express. He had always attended the meetings as the Frodsham representative with the greatest amount of pleasure. He bad come into contact with those who had ' always give him a pleasant Word and a kindly welcome. He hoped his experience of life coupled with his business experience had bo3n of some Ilse. They would remem- ber that at the time of the small-pox epidemic he with Dr Adams, was responsible for the spending of £l,OOO in sanitary measures. At the time he was censured by the ratepayers as being extravagant, but he was sure that those in that room felt that money spent on sani- tary matters was money well laid out Re thanked them tor the great amount of consideration shown to him during the three years he held office as chairman of the Board. He had no intention to give up the representation of Frodsharn entirely at present. If he were to resign it would cost £2O to 230 in the event of an election. With the consent of the Frodsharia people be would repressnt them until his term expired which would be in about 12 toonthe. He heartily thanked the three gentlemen who had invited him to the banquet and for the honour done to him. (Applause). Mr Woodward proposed the health of Mr Knowles, the chairman of the Rural Council, Mr 9 Taylor, chair- man of the Runcorn Urban Council, and Mr Stokes, chairman of the Board of Guardians. In an able speech Mr NVnorlward eulogised the public work of the gentle- men who were all the right men in the right place. While Mr Knowles' genielite and urbanity made him an excel- lent chairman,Mr Stokes' straight forwardness a capital business man, words failed him to express his apprecia- tion of Mr Taylor's serbice. (AnPlause). Mr. Wright supported the remarks of Mr. Woodward and gave a very anpropriate tribute Cr' the work of the chairman of the Urban District Council. Mr. Knowles in responding, dwelt on the postpone- ment of the Coronation which necessitated the deferring of the banquet. He was pleseed to think the King was himself again, and that a peace, long and prosperous hP hoped, hal been declared. He thanked them for their good wishes. (Applause). Mr. Stokes thanked them all most heartily for their appreciation of his services. Referring to the Corona- tion he declared it was the coronation of the hest heloyed King and Queen that had ever reigned. while they had a King who honeurni God se the prevent King did he did not fear for the prosperity of the nation. He ruled over a mightier Empire than ever an English King had ruled over previously. The pestnonement had drawn the nation nearer to God. He thanked them for their Sup- port in the past and assured them it was a pleasure to rule Over such a body. There was 20 utter absence of

===== 0002601_19020815_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

LIYLL ORDER OF KNCIENT BREPHERDS.-,WARREgGTON

DISTRICT.

_ The Late Spring Rose Lodge, after taking part in the procession, spent a pleasant hour at their club house, Barley Mow Inn. PPCS Thomas C Duckworth was in the chair, supported by PPCS Frederick ;Massey, Abel H Mather, PM Waliam Parr, P ME Hackett, W M Stanleypiennan, DMB Maguire and others.—After the usual loyal toasts had been honoured, the Secretary, P M J Booth, informed the Lodge that the past year had been a prosperous one, both numerically and financi- ally, the total number of members being 408, with a capital of £1,885 143 2d. After the usual vote of thanks to the Chairman, the meeting was closed by singing the National Anthem. GRAND UNITED ORRER OF ODDFELLOWS' TREAT.

After the procession the members ot the Grand United Order of Oddfellows proceeded to the Assembly rooms of the Conservative Club, Winmarleigh street, where pies and other refreehments were served. A tea and meet- ing to which the wives of the members were invited, took place at three o'clock. The toast of " the King" was proposed by Ern R GIBSON, D.M., who feelingly alluded to the illness of his Majesty, and hoped he would long be spared to reign. The toast of " Queen Alexandra, the I rince and Princess of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family " was also proposed by the D.M., who raferred to the anxious time the Queen had passed through. Ho trusted she would have a bright and happy future. Bra H WELSBY, district relieving officer, as an old Volunteer next proposed " The Army, Navy, and the Reserve Forces." Speaking of the Volunteers and Yeomanry particularly be remarked that In his time, and up till lately, they were spoken of as "Saturday night soldiers," but in thefuture he ventured to say that could not be said as the action of the Volunteers and Yeomanry and proved the contrary, and no doubt might have caused other countries to think twice before coming to blows with tbis country. (Applause). The DISTRICT SECRETARY proposed "The Grand United Order of Oddfe'lows and the Warrington Dis- trict," and advised all young members to attend their lodge meetings and take an active part in the manage- ment, and also to try and get young men to join the Order.

The DISTRICT MASTER having to leave, the DEPUTY DISTRICT MASTER (J T Griffiths) respended, and also to a vote of thanks to the Chairman, lie asked all lodge officers to be energetic in their duties, and to encourage the young members by their regular attendance at the lodge me.-tings. He thanked the ladies for their attend- ance' and hoped they had enjoyed themselves. The National Anthem was then sung, and the meeting concluded with cheers.

During the evening rrefreshcnents were provided free of charae to members and their wives. Songs we:e sung by Mr Cotton, who was accompanied on the piano by Miss Cotton, and bc several others who were accom- panied by Mr James Gsrst, the blind pianist, through the kind permission of Mrs Plinston of the King's Arms.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
T EIE ILLUMINATIONS.

The illuminations in the town were on a very modi- fied scale. The Coronation funds wer, insufficient to provide for the illumination of the Town Hall and grounds and there was general disappointment that the brilliant display of June last was not repeated. The Museum and the new police building were again illumia- ated and many went to inspect them. A device con- taming the words "God save the King" was also erected on the top of the electricity station and several trades- men illuminated their premises. In Arpley -street, there was an effective Illumination of the Nurses Homes the words "E "and "A" being outlined in coloured fairy lamps. There were also illuminations on a small scale at a number of private houses, but the illumination of he town cannot be said to have beea general. PULPIT REFERENCES. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CFLUSCEL

Special Coronation services were held at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday. In the morning the service began with the singing of " God save the King." The Rev T Bishop (superintendent of the circuit) was the preacher, and in the course of his remarks referred to the recovery of the King in answer to the prayers of his people, and said his Coronation was fait accompli. A special Coronation hymn was sung, and the solo " Rejoice greatly " was ably rendered by Mrs Booth. In the evening the Rev C El Hocken preached his fare- well sermon to the people of Bold-street, and the choir sang with effect the Hallelujah chorus. WYCLIFFE CHURCH. Mr. A. Corney occupied the pulpit, morning and evening at Wycliffe Congregatior al Church on Sunday. In the morning he preached from the text "Thou settest a crown of pure geld on his bead" (Psalm 21, v 3). The preacher drew an interesting comparison between the Psalmist's experiences and those of King Eiward vIL. The band of God, he said, bad been upon this nation during its recent trial,but it had been the band of Love. With chastened joy they rejoiced in the coronation of the King. The beautiful message of the King to his people proved that the King's bout had been touched during his indisposition and that as gold is purified by fire so the King had been tried as fine t old.—As the congregation left the church, Mr W E/ Payton, Mos Ban played the Coronation March.— At night,Mr Corney based his sermon on the tsxt " And a crown izas given unto Him " (Revelation 6, v. 2.) He pointed out chat the scene in Westminster Abbey on the previous day was no doubt one of dazzling splendour but it was not to be compared in grandeur and solemnity with the scene which John described in the book of Re- velation. The preacher drew a word picture ot tb crowning of the Lamb after His redemption of tho world, and proceeded to speak of the Fatherhood of God and our Divine relation hip with Him. The choir sang the chorug The King shall rejoice" and " Hallelujah " from " Judas Maccabens." The Corona- tion hymn entitled " Corona." composed by the preacher, and set to music by Mr W H Payton, was tiny at the opening of the service and at the close the National Anthem was-sung.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
AGED PEOPLE'S TREAT.

PROCEEDINGS IN THE PARR HALL.

Thursday witnessed the final stage in the Corona- tion celebrations at Warrington, when a treat was given to the aged people, dinner being provided for the men and tea for the women. At noon between 300 and 400 veterans in industrial warfare, whose age ranged from 60 to SO years of age, assembled in the Parr Hall and were provided with a substantial dinner consisting of roast beef, roast mutton, roast pork, peas and potatoes, and a moderate allowance of beer. followed by a gift of clay pipes and tobacco A grant e.f £lOO had been made from the Coronation funds for the purpose, and the arrangements were left entirely in the hands of the Old Men's Christmas Dinner and Aged Women's Tea Committee who have had ranch experience in providing treats ol this kind. Ntr and Mrs Richard Shackleton Isuperintended the preparation of the dinner and a number of ladies and gentlemen waited upon the diners. Shortly after twelve o'clock the hot joints were placed upon the tables and the Rev W Brace- camp was then called upon to say grace. "God save the King," was afterwards sung, Mr George Cropper singing the first verse as a solo. Mr Percy Randall accompanied on the organ and also played a selection of music during the progress of the dinner.

Amongst those present and who assisted to attend to the wants of the CttleStA were the Mayor and Mayorsse (Mr and Mrs J Chsrlton Parr). Lady Grestiall, the Revs William Braeeeamn, 11 R Wild, and F J Matthews, Alderman Sutton (president of the old Men's Christmas dinner and Aged women's Tea), Mr Peter Grimes (hon treasurer). Mr TA Sutton (hon secretary). Councillor Smethurst (vice- president), and the followine mgmilers of the am. mittee :—Messrs George P,lling, R ShacklPton. J Nield, Alfred Jolley, and W ForAhaw as well as Alderman Shaw-Green and Miss Shaw-Green, Coun.'

cillor Malkin, Messrs Luke Talbot (chief constable), John Harrison, George HoHord, Wilfred Skelton, George Watkins, Noah Legge, George Cropper, F H Aukland,and J Strettle, Mesdames Bracecamp, Sme- thurst, Holfold, Longdin, Pilling, Shackleton, and the Misses Pierpoint (St Austin's), Legge,Smethuret and others.

The MAYOR,who had a cordial reception,delivered a short speech at the conclusion of the dinner Addressing the assembly as old friends and neigh- bours, he said it was his pleasing duty in the fast instance to welcome them there that day. He would begin by welcoming them in the name of the King—(applause)—because he felt the committee were carrying out his Majesty's dearest wishes in giving that dinner. (Hear, hear.) He daresay they knew that when the Coronation was arranged the I King's first wish was to give a good dinner to all his poor subjects and it was to carry out those wishes that the very kind and active committee had managed to arrange it so well that day. To them, they owed a debt of gratitude and they also wished to recognies those kind sub- scribers who had helped to pay the piper. (Applause.) There was one thing which he was sure was uppermost in all their minds and that was their thankfulness to Almighty God for the restoration of the King to health, (Hear, hear). A short time ago they knew how sad all felt when the King was stricken down with illness, how anxiously they watched the bulletin day by day, and bow by almost a miracle the King had recovered his health and strength. (Applause). He saw by the papers to-day that his Majesty had been'tnaking a speech to his troops. (Applause). It was the King's wish to do his duty as a king and he (the Mayor) was sure we should have a king whom we could respect, love and admire (Applause). The Mayor proceeded to read the King's message to his people and observed that he believed every word of it came from the heart of the King himself. The King felt everything which the beautiful message expressed and they might join with the King in thanking Almighty God that He had placed him in the proud position he held to day. (Applause.) He (the Major),thought they must all recognise that they were met at an auspicious time —at a happy moment—just after celebrating the peace which had brought us so much happiness and enabled so many of our sons and gallant soldiers to come home again (Applause.) He was sure old and young would look upon the year 1902 as a year of rejoicing and a record year. We had had the Coronation under circumstances of magnificence and splendour which perhaps had never been equalled in the annals of this country and we had celebrated a peace which had brougbt glory and honour to this country and shown that England is England still, and that her sons are well able to uphold her majesty and prestige all over the world (Applause.) Alderman SUTTON, in the course of a few remarks pointed out that the Mayor had contributed very handsomely indeed to the funds necessary for pro- viding that treat in celebration of the Coronation of his Majesty King Edward VII. The Coronation Committee had voted as= of money to cover the expenses of the Old Men's Christmas Dinner and Aged Women's Tea Committee, in providing that treat. The annual Christmas treat was an institu- tion wh.ich had existed for almost half a century and it had become a very popular and successful affair. In addition to the annual treats several others had been given to the aged people. On the oceasion of the Jubilee of her late Majesty in 1887 over 700 men and women were entertained to a special tea at the Drill Hall and again at the cele- bration 'of the Diamond Jubilee of the late Queen, a sum of £lOO was voted to the committee and a dinner and tea were pro- vided with the money for nearly 1,500 poople No one now living could ever expect to take part in another Royal jubilee, for we were hoping that the King would reign over us for many years, and that his Majesty's reign would be as happy and prosperous as that of the King's noble mother—good Queen Victoria. (Applause.) The alderman pro- ceeded to point out that it was possible for some of those present to have witnessed three or four coro- nations, for he understood that there were some men nearly 90 years of age- He hoped all present would be able to attend the next Christmas dinner and that they would meet together as heartily as they did that day. (Applause.) They were honour- ed with the I,resence of the Meyoress and Lady Greenall. (Applause ) He was glad that these ladies took an interest in everything connected with the old people of Ws.rrington, and he hoped their interest would continue for many years to come. Sir Gilbert Greensll would also ;lave been present, hut another engagement altogether pre- vented him from attending

===== 0002601_19020815_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD.

Shortly before two o'clock on the afternoon of C Tont- tion Day, Wash-Isme presented an animated appearance, when the local celebrations opened with a procers,on. First came the Latchford Brass Band, playing martial and patriotic airs followed by the members of the Coronation Committee, and a strong muster of the Ancient Order of Druids in full regalia. Then came the coaveyances, each containing a crowd of juveniles. Lurries were kindly provided by Messrs Peter Walker and son (2), Messrs Pierpoint and Bryant (2), 'Mr James Ashley (2), and Mr Thomas Ford (1). Following these came Mr Jackson's broug- ham, gaily decorated with Union Jacks, and the scholars and adult inhabitants walking four abreast brought up the rear. The route taken was from Wash-lane to Victoria Park gates. where the pro- cession turned back to Kautsford-road railway arch ; thence to the field kindly lent for the occasion by Mr Thomas Hewitt, via Thelwall-lane and Lower Wash-lane. On the field the following sports were indulged in :- 100 yards race for boys under 10, 50 yards race for eirls under 10, 100 yards race for boys from 10 to 15, 80 yards race for girls from 10 to 15, 50 yards egg and spoon race far females, three-legged race for boys under 16, skipping-rope race for girls, 50 yards human wheelbarrow race, 50 yards race for boys and girla under,7, picking up potatoes race,jumble boot race. 150 yards flat race, 50 yards sack race, 150 yards slow bicycle race, obstacle race, tug-of-war (eight a-side). 50 yards race for ladies over 40 and under 50,80 yards race for gentlemen ever 40 and under 50, 50 yards race for ladies over 50, 50 yards race for gentlemen over 50. Tea was provided in the pariah room for the children and in the Temperance Hall for the aged people. The catericiv, was in the hands of Mr James Horton, the Park Bakery, and it gave every satisfaction. The proceedings were wound up with a torchlight proceesion at nine o'clock ending with the National Anthem, sung by the united assembly. A meted of praise is due to the committee and their energetic hots secretary (Mr w L Benner) for the excellent arrangements which had been made. PENKETI3.I

The people of Penketh were bubbling over with patriotic fervour on Saturday night last, and the scene an the recreation ground will live long in the minds of those who witnessed the proceedings. With customary generosity the directors of the Tanning Company pro- vided several loads of barrele and old timber for a bonfire and this was constructed on the Saturday afternoon, Messrs T. 'learns, H. Mainley, S. Shave and James Woodward, being responsible for the strueure. Close On 800 persons asumbled at 8.30 to take °art in the torchlight procession through the village. The procession was headed by the Penketh Tannery Brass Band, and was lei by mem- bers of the parish council those present heineDr T A Murrav(chairman),Massrale E Porker.Jarorsliilling- ton, E W Clarke and G Forster (clerk). The ccene from a distance R 9 the proeession advanced along the main street, was won lerfully striking. When the procession reached the Recieation ground again, the crowd had reached abnormal proportions, andled by the ban i. the whole ;joined heartily in the National Anthem. At 9.30 Mrs Murray applied a torch to the train of shavings and in a very short time, the bonfire was merrily burning. Rockets, and fire balloons were also sent up. and elseers given for His Gracious Maj,sty. Tto ploole dispersed at a late hour.

WAIITED a GRIVRIIkf., gaol refPrenoes ; no washing.— ALFORD, rivipor, ROCk-qtr.et,

DR SALE, to 'CR 3.0T1i RNGINES, Thetha Machines an,' RiniPrs, Hornsby's, press by Howard.—J PRIE9TNER, Fradsham.

WANTRD NUR 4R. Pr. two gliiirirPn, stAaiv. snprior person. over 20, £lB, etato age.—Refereßei etc.—Mß 70mrsoiv. 36, Parker-street. Warrington.

WANTED YOU NT al, 16 to 17 for offl,e in Warrington. I—Apply with reference, and wages required, Box X. 4' fixarniner "Office, Warrington.

PITBLIC TIRNRFIT UNDRR TICE oLocncyoft BUST BOOTS IN TJANTOA SHIBH.-Itrivt

THEY WEAR WRI,L I whit 01 enst-imers sav ahont ALF TATLIR.FI VO,ri boots for overyborly, 45, Hortle- mar ket-s tree t, Warrinztorl.—Aslit. ASK for CIINNINCITIAM'S lIIGTI-CL9.93 MINERAL WATRRS.—Ad^t.

A 'rEM-FERT TREAT sten inside a pair of AtF TAYLOR'S Pasv fittin7 tonts.--Advt.

FOR Goon TWINTB—AVILLIAM BESsvICE, 21, Blittermarket-strePt, Warrington.—Advt. vt. ASHTON'S LIFR TONIC IS THE KING OF TONICS —63, S&NICET-EITREET, Warrlngton.—(Advt.)

AVM MILL POLTSH and Symuz for Glogsing— MV3T 13E3VVICK, 21. Buttermarket-et, Warrlnzton Advt..

SECOND-HAND (IYCIAS both ladies and gents. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-it. Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

THE SANITARY ARRANGEMENTS.

A meeting of the Urb in District Council of Newton-in- Makerfield was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening. Mr J W Gollinwood presided and there were also present : Messrs C B F Borron, W J Sirnpson,W Thompson, Dr Latham, with C Cale (clerk), A Bowes (surveyor), and ft T Suttees (water engineer).

===== 0002601_19020815_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CROWNING OF THE KING.

The Chairman thought before proceeding with the business of the day the Council ought to record their heartfelt thanks to the Giver of 411 Rood things for their beloved King's happy recovery and at the same time formally give expression to their joy and exultation that the Coronation had at length been successfully carried through and that their King and Queen bad been duly crowned according to our most ancient rights and that his Majesty had been able to bear the fatigue of the ceremony withoutlany injury b his health May they live long to rule over this Empire, and may, they, his subjects loyally and faithfully do their duty. (Hear,;hear.) He moved that a resolution to that effect be recorded on the minutes.

Mr Gdmour, in seconding the proposition, said the King was the most popular man in England at the present time. The resolution was unanimously agreed to.

THE GARDEN CITY ASSOCIATION.

Dr. Latham asked whether the Council was repre- seated at the housing conference held at Liverpool and Port Sunlight in connection with the Garden City Associatioo.

The Chairms.n said he had the pleasure of attendittg one of the gatherings at Port Sunlight. He was very much entertained by what he saw and what he heard and perhaps the knowledge gained might be of some use to the district in future. GAS COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of this Committee, the Engineer reported that Mr Francis Jones, F.R.S.E., Professor of Chemistry. Manchester, had made an examination of the gas sup- plied to consumers, and that Mr Janes had reported that he found the method of purification the best arrange- ment for the purpose, and that, after an analysis of the gas, he found that sulphuretted hydrogen and ammonia were entirely absent. The illuminating power he found to be 19 06 candles.—A letter was read from the Local Government Board enclosing their sanctions to the borrowing of the following sums for the purpose of the Council's gas undertaking, viz. :—£4,000 for the exten- sion of the retort house, and the provision of additional lifts for the gas holders and setting in the retort house (including the itetti of £396 for contingencies)—loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding 29 years from the date of the borrowing thereof. £2,060 in respect of new meters and street lamps (being three-fifths of the sum of £3,433 included in the estimate for these pur- pases)—loan to be repaid within 10 years. £1,500 in respect of new main.' and services (being three-fifths of the sum of £2,500 included in the estimate for these purposes)—to be repaid within 30 years.—The Local Government Board also stated that they had given the application of the Council for sanction to borrow the sum of £4,067, which had already been expended and included in closed and audited accounts, their further consideration, and that they bad decided, in the present instance, to sanction the borrowing of the amount in question—the loan to be repayable in 15 years.—As regards the amount required fur cooking st eves, the Board stated that a loan could not be sanctioned for that purpose.— A letter was read from Mr R Eaton with respect to the lighting of streets in the district, which letter was referred to the Chairman of the Gas Commit- tee for consideration.

Mr Thompson m wed the confirmation of the minutes and Mr Simpson seconded. Dr Latham asked if the report of Mr Francis Jones would be published in detail. Mr Thompson slid he had no objection to printing the report in full, if necessary. Dr Latham said he believed the Council had already incurred liabilities with respect to cooking stoves and IA the Local Government Board refused to sanction a loan, he wished to know what was being done in the matter. Mr Thompson said he had co doubt the Chairman of the Finance Committm would deal with the matter, WATER COMMITTEE.

At the meeting of this committee it was resolved that the question of the amount of water supplied to the Vulcan Foundry other than by meter be referred to the Chairman of the Finance Committee, and that the application of Mr I' Cooke (eneinemao) for an increase of wages was referred to the Staff Committee. It'veply to a question by Mr Gilmour, Mr Borron said a meeting of the Staff Committee would be held shortly when Mr Cooke's application would be considered. The minutes were passed. HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMIT TEE. THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

The report of the Medical Officer of Healy, for the past quarter was read, viz :—The birth-rate was, 36.6, and the death-rate 14.6, per 1,000 of the estimated populr tion. The causes of death were certified as follow .—Diphtheria and membraneous croup, 2 ; diarrhoea 1 v.interitisi, 3 ; phtlthis, 5 ; cancer,malignant disease, 2 ; bronchitis, 5 ; pueurnonia, •10 ; heart diseases, 5 ; accidents, 3 ; suicide, 1 • influenza, 1 ; all other causes, 25. Total, 63. The infantile death-rate was 10.4 per coot, and the thiaths under five years of age were 31 7 per crat of the total number of deaths. Twenty-one cases of infectious disease (including 7 from puthisis) were notified to me. The committm resolved that the request of the Royal Commission on sewage disposal for this Council to treat the sewage at the central works day and night, be granted. 'floe tenders which had been recei red for the sewering, of part of Ashton-road (from crow-lane to Brooks-square) were :submitted Co the committee, and it was resolved that the tender of Mr. George Finning be accepted for the work, and that the Clerk be instructed to prepare the contract accordingly. The commtttee also resolved that the Council be recom- mended to direct the Clerk to make application to the Local Government Board for a provisional order to amend the Newton District Improvement Ace, 1855, which incorporates the Town's Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, so that on the erection of any new building, the Council shall be empowered to require that such new building shall tati provided with proper and sufficient water closets and waste water closets, or with one or more of either class of closet, according as circumstances may require. The Chairman moved the confirmation of the minutes.

?dr Borron, referring to the last named resolution,said it was rather too.early a resolution to pass at that meet- ing. Such a resolution would alter the existing sanitary arr augements and as there was not a superfluous supply of water at present. the proposed new system of water carriage would affect the supply very materially. The present system was efficitntly carried on and the death rate of the district showed that the sanitary arrange- ments were not in an uosatisfactory conditi on. Be thought they ahould stay their hands until they were in the position of having an amole supply of water r o that the sewers might be sufficiently flushed. There was also the question of dealing with the extra sewage which ought to be a matter for careful consideration before they decided upoa a water closet system. He moved that the matter be referred back.

Mr Gilmour said los was in favour of the proposed system being adopted,but as they were not in a position to supply the water required, be would second the reso- lution for the matter to be referred back.

Dr Latham said it appeared that som- members of the Council were a little slower than others in arriving at what be chose to call a satisfactory conclusion. He should have thoueht that the elaborate report which was submitted to the members by the Surveyor would have been sufficient for soy member of the Council to have made up his mind on the matter. Personally he (Dr Latham) bad made up his mind that the present sanitary sysiem was discreditable in the extreme. The system of emptying pails and replacing the same pail was a disgrace to any sanitary authority The Sanitary Inspector had furnished them with particulars of the cost of providing pails which had been kept clean and prepared ready for replacement. When that reporter's re id thereiwaa no one bold enough to suggest that the Council should incur the additional cost. The death rate of the district was certainly low in comparison with some of the large towns in the immediate district, hut he would remind them that the death rate in one district bore no comparison with the death rate in another, unless they were acquainted with local conditions which were responsible tor the death rate. He contended that the death rate of the district was not in a satisfactory condition. It was not as satisfactory as it might be and not what he hoped i would be. With regard to the extra deposits in the sewage by the use of water carriage, it had been proved beyond all possible doubt that the sewage of water closet towns was very little different frem that of towns without the system. The extra work at the sewage works would be infinitesimal.lf they had not a sufficent quantity of water tor the purpose then it was the duty of the Water Committee to increase the supuly. Mr Barron, in reply, said he found in the Surveyor's report which had been alluded to, the fellowic,g ear - tence :—"The low death rate is sufficient evidence that the present system is sa'isfactory. There are some ob- jectionable features of the system which might be miti- gated, but suggested improvements would bs outside the scope of my instruCtions." He (Mr Borron) would be very glad to hear of those suggested improvements. (Hear, hear.) Doctors and experts differed on the question. He ha i followed the reports on the health of the district for Rome time and on compering the death rate he found that it compared to advsntege with die- tricts where the water-carriage system had been adopted. He thought thee should be very careful before they departed from what had been successful hitherto. 1 The amendment, referring the minlate back, WAS carried and the minutes were then passed. IMPORTANT IMPROVEMENT SCHEMES. The Genersl Purposes Committee reported that th 11 report of the surveyor upon the sites required for th

'purposes of carrying ont the schemes which had been retarded owing to the necessary land not being obtain- able, was considered by the committee, when it was re- solved —(a) that the surveyor be directed to prepare, plans of land req aired for extensions at the Gas Works., for extending the burial ground, and for use as a sani- tary depot, and that an application be made to Lord Newton for a lease of the land ; (70 that the question of the site for an isolation hospital be referred to that sub- committee ; (c) that the question of the acquisition of land for sewage works be left over : and (d)Attat as re- gards the land required for the erection of a destructor. ' an application be made to the Local Government Board, for a provisional order to put in force tat, compulsory powers of the Land Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and to direct the clerk to publish' I the advertisements and notices required by I Section 176 of the Public Health Act, 1875. I The Clerk reported that the Horse Ambulance Carriage provieed by the police out of funds raised in Newton and Eeriest° wn for that purpose, was presented by Colonel Moorsom to the Council on the 14;la instant—the Chairman of the Council, who was present with Coun- cillors E T Evansa Fitzgerald, Dr Latham,Dr Patterson,. N Siddeley, and J Simpson, and the Clerk, accepting the I gift on behalf of the Council. It was resolved that toe carriage be kept in the Town Hall yard, and that the Surveyor be directed to prepare plan and estimate of the cost of the erection of a building for its reception. Dr Latham said he would like to know why the ques- tion of the acquisition of land or sewage works was. left over.

The Chairman said the question of the treatment of sewago was under experiment by the Local Government Board awl the whole question of the acquisition of land hinged on the results of their trials. Dr Latham moved that tbe matter be referred back. for further conside.stion. He did so because the glens could not be made until the sewage difficulty was dealt with.

Mr Simpson polnted out that Dr Lath= had spo'aerr onoe.

Dr Latham : I take it I have your permission to prc- ceed, Odr Chairman.

The Chairman : I don't see bow the question arises. We are not postponing the work. Mr Simpson : The doctor has been away from the meetings and does not understand it.

- Mr Borron also objected Co the matter being further disowned.

Dr Latham submitted that he was perfectly within his rights to move that the matter be referred to the next committee.

The Chairman said he did not see that any good would follow the discussion and the opinion of the meeting was that they had better proceed with the business. The minutes were then passed.

===== 0002601_19020815_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
EAR LESTOWN & NEWTON.

DAMAGING A POTATO FIELD AT NEWTON. For doing damage to the extent of 5s to potatoes in a field belonging to Turner Rigby, farmer,Samuel Garner, a Haydock collier, was fined 203 and costa on Thursday at Newton Petty Se ssi on s. CHOIR PICNIC FROM NEWTON. On Saturday the choir boys of St Peter's Church, Newton, had their annual outing. In charge of the Rev .T Ryder, Mr It Leyland (organist), and Mr W Welsh they left Newton about 9 o'clock for Southport. After a short ramble about the beach dinner was partaken of at Thorpe's refreshment rooms, and in the afternoon the lads had a abort sea trip. Tea was served at Thorpe's and heartily enjoyed and home was reached about 9 30, after a very pleasant outing.

ASSAULT ON A HAYDOCK GULL. At Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday George Berry, a collier, was charged with assaulting a girl named Margaret Davies, aged fifteen. The defend- ant did not appear. The complainant stated that on the 6th inst,as she was going along a lonely road in Haydock the defendant came up and attempted to criminally assault her.—Two witnesses gate evidenct. as to Davies making complaints to then/ of Berry's conduct.—The Bench inflicted a fine of 40s and costs.

THE ANNUAL HOLIDAYS. During Friday, Saturday and Monday last, in consequence of all the works in the district being closed for the annual ti oliday, Earlestown wore it quiet and deserted appearance. On Thursday even- ing the passenger station was most animated, the platforms being crowded until a late hour with people hastening away to their homes and friends, whilst many were journeying to Ireland and other places of popular resort, bent upon a holiday. On the succeeding days the station wore a busy aspect and the streets were proportionately quiet. So far as the weather is concerned the holiday, has heel very. enjoyable. There have been occasiona` showers. but Saturday and Monday ware delightful. At Earleatown the elements have not been very favourable, but those who have been long distances report that they have had an excellent time. An enormous number of privilege tickets were issued at the Viaduct Works but the amount of money received is some- what below that of last year. The works re-opened on Tuesday morning for bugine.s, but nearly soo- men were absent from dip Viaduct works and con- sequently those who ha U not previously obtained leave, were given an extended holiday (much against their wish) uatil the end of the week.

Warrington.—Prlnted and Published by JOHN WAIANN CO. at The Examiner General Printing Works,l Bevisq: street, and published; by them at the same plaoe also at The Examiner °ince Victorla-road,WirrsEd. 32, George-street. Sr. HELENS and 3. Maraet-stre'3,' BABLESTOWN, In the County of Lancaster and also at gigo St. RUNCORN,ID the County of Cheit Sr, AUGUST 15 19°

===== 0002601_19020815_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT CAN I GIVE? WHY NOT SELECT TRAVELLING BAGS/ PURSES, DRESSING CASES, OR HIGH-CLASS BRUSHES, FROM BERESFORD'S, 77 CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL, 130 LD-STREr WES LEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 17TH. At 10.30 Mr. F4WRIGHT. At 6.30 Rev. THEODORE BISHOP.' All welcome. Hymn books provided.

BAPTI6T CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). AUGUST 17TH. PREACHER : RiiV DRUMM/ DUNNICO. Mortimer 10.30: Character of God. 14VENING 6.30 : Two sides of the Bible Quest on All seats free. Adult Bible Class 2.30. _ Preaching Service every Wednesday, 8.15 p en. _

GRAND FANCY DRESS PARADE AND CARNIVAL, IN AID OF VIR WARRINGTON INFIRMA AND THE DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION, SATURDAY, AUGUST 23RD. NOTE THE DATE AND HELP THE INSTITUTIONS.

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY'S DIAMOND JUBILEE GREAT SHOW, SEPTEMBER lOrn AND 11TIC, In the NEW PERMANENT SHOW YARD (22 acres) at BEI3INGION (situate Two Miles from Birkenhead, and in close proximity to the Railway f tetion on the main line between Birkenhead and Chester). The finest and mo,t complete Show Yard in Great Britain. PRIZES EXCEEDING £2,500. are offered for Pigs. Sheep, Cattle, Howl, Pigeons. Poultry, Ilogs, Cheese, Butter, Eggs, Honey, Grin, Roots, Plants, nal , Flowers, Vegetables. Machinery in Motion. Implements. An. An Annual Subscription of One Guinea entitles " Mem- bers," on election, to Two Season Tickets to the Show and the Grand Stand, in addition to Two One-admission Tickets, also to enter Exhibits at reduced Fees • or" Subscribers " of One Guinea on election are entitled to Two Season Tickets to the Show and to the Grand Stand. In the Prize Schedules, which are now ready, Class 24 should read " in or before 1899 " UNTRIES CLOSE POSITIVELY 23rd AUGUST (Post). ARTHUR H EDWARDSON, Secretary, 7alenhone 236 Irhead. 6. Hamilton-square, Birkenhead.

THE GRANDHST FETE IN GREAT BRITAIN. SHREWSBURY GREAT FLORAL FETE. WaHNE3DAY THURSDAY. August 20th & 21st, 192. -- THE MOST MAGNIFICENT FLOWER SHOW EVER SEEN IN GREAT BRITAIN. TIACh day the Unrivalled BANDS (by kind permission) of H.M. ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (Bunt), 11 M. COLDSTREAM GUARDS, H.M ROYAL MARINES (Portsmouth), In, PLAYING ALTERNATELY AND COMBINED. MAGNIFICENT PHRFORMERS, playing all the Corona ion Music. THE MOST SENSATIONAL PERFORMANCES IN Burtopß „.Metmo, the most marvellous Wire Artiste in the World :DIME GIFFORD, extraordinary Bicycle Leap, 70 feet. 4,e Sfilr EN DAMP' SISTERS, greatest lady Acrobats in 11 Europe. T,..e HARTLEY Wonders. Champion B trrel Jumpers. ADRIAN TROUPE. on Cycle Track. 211 t. across. "..SREENTS GREAT TROUPE OF DOGS, direct from r, America. `42liN & CONRAD. Comedy Gymnasts—The GA.RGANIS, Comic Acrobats —BROTHERS LANG, extraordinary Knockabouts—SCOTT, the Ladder King—HDLLE. eoLLo, on Trapeze A.AYFAETTE and at Night,' Georgeous Spectacle on High Wire. TWO GRAND BALLOON ASCENTS EACH DAY AND CAPTIVE BALLOONS. by Spencer Brothers. GORSE LEAPING COMPETITION £1.09 IN PRIZES, GORGEOUS ILLUMINATIONS & FIREWORKS by Wilder SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS FROM Preston, Wigan ft Warrington, and all parts. _ ADMISSION :—Wednesday, One o'clock. 2s. 64.; after Five. ls. Thursday. all day from Eleven, ONE SHILLING H. ONLY. W. ADNITT. W. W. NA.UNTON. Hon. Secs. The Square. Shrewsbury.

VVARR I NGTON ITN lON. —TO PAINTERS. The Guardians of the above Union invite TENDERS for the outside PAINTING of the 'W ORKHOUSE PREMISES also for the INSIDE PAINTING of the DINING HALL. A copy of the specification may be seen and full particu- lars obtained upon application to the Master at the Work- touse, to whom sealed tenders are to be delivered on or before FRLDAY next the 22nd inst. By order, J. C SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians.

WARRINGTON SCHOOL OF ART. CHARLES MIDDLETON SCHOLARSHIPS. The Museum Committee is prepared to receive applicationa `or the following scholarships : °ne Senior (Day) Scholarship) £9 to £l6 per ennum. Three Junior (D-y) Scholarships, £4 to £6 per annual. Three Technical (Evening) Scholarships, £4 to £6 per ntnum. /Ile Scholarships are open only to boys from Elementary ‘talsools in Warringtnn. *ie °Pies of the conditions may be obtained at the Museum t),..."'h application forms, which muat be returned not later -"nn August 33th. CHARLES MADELEY. Secretar v.

SUN INSURANCE OfF,ICE FOUNDED 1710. 5T.734 INSURED EXCEEDS £460,00 For all particulars apply to the following Agents : "Aula G N TON Messrs. J. R. Piokmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs Wooes tt Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street. Mr. Louis A. Voisey. 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street

Inq ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, —PLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE. Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria &?. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' . ASSURANCE Co. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,450,000 64. CORIIIIILL, LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate .. Mr. W• • H RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Viatoria-rd., Latchford Bt. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hanishaw-ntreet tisydook pandbach ..... . . Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Farnwortis ...... . Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Brichte iii: ... : . HOLLAND WATSON.Moortield House

A DELICACY FOR AFTERNOON TEA. BALMORAL WAFERS COOL AND RBFRESHING. MANUFACTURED ONLY BY CARR AND CO., up.. Rl' CUIT MANUFACTURERS, CARLISLE. APPOINTMENT. 1841. To be had of all Grocer.. Dainty nample Tin sent poet free, 3d. Kindly mention this paper.

WIDOW WELCH'S A SMITHERBPILLS FOB F3INIALB CO NIPLAINT W l BS. , 0 and-daughtertor _I elch, continues to the Widow rom the only original and __Dmirep.are this celebrated Medicine Its just celebrity for ail feernuaranlitY Recipe. or it a most extensive and tnereasi Complaints has obtained should therefore attend to the follow 7 demand. Purchasers eareful that what they purchase inig 13CA3,137,53.—T0 be amithers, who is the only nerson in i)r,,,s`-- by Mrs ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrappediTniar of the ticl signed on the Out,ide Mel by Mrs. Stnit'i 44 Parer, 'mune@ of the :sole Wholesale Agents,xgr.s,Dasnd the Queen victoria-street, tormerly 3t 67. IL ! Se.N '.o,‘ !Am inp• ampi , are engraved en the Government Stamp. * Paul s 2,9 d. eaol lw ''w&gts_ S ~f, T LEATHER, LEATHER. BUTTS, BENDS, GRINDERY , kc. OUR RPROIAL EPAIRING BUNTS, 12/14 LB. AVERAS4B ls 2in AND Is 3kn PER LB• WRITE FOR gRICE LISTS IND hAMPLEs. FREDERICK MATTHEWS, ..._ 272, 274, 276, HADIENRY ROW, LONDON. N.E. —____

IS TIIE BIBLE TRUE? IZEAD " The Truth of God demongtrated by tbe itt British Nation." by W. El. Maeorr,which demonstrates It °nee the truth of God and His Word and the f..cts that the br,itish are Israel., not Jews, aad that our Monarch la 1.4 heir and 6d's Viceger.nt on the Throne of Israel. t 'LlThers, WEEK' Wm iox, Racquet Court, fleet- reet. Loodon. 114 by %11 bloksellers. Neat paper covers, Is ; Claih, gilt Otte • red. 2. nett.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre pared to receive LOANS, eitherat six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

• TB BTII FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Cie:, A RTIFICIAL 'TEETH ft-- sets, 201. lutald Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 303, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTESL A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MAODONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 435. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural. lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., T. HELENS, 86, CA URCH-STREET, AT WANLISSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to?. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 2.9, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

cZERGE JACKETS t SERGE JACKETS I L./ Every workman should have on of HUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per Oz. COVIIRLIOTTR I TAILS OF Faom HAIR FRAMRS, FORE FBoxt 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T I) BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (OAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

MRS. ROBERTS and FAMILY dilsire to TIINDER their SINCEREST THANKS to the many sympathetic friends In their sad bereavement. 10, White-street, Warrington.

IN THE MATTER of the WILL of JOHN MADDEN late of Tunstall in the State of Victoria Australia bat formerly of Avenue- road Camberwell in the said State Gardener deceased. -IVOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEINT TO AGNES MADDEN (who Is supposed to have married a Sergeant of Police NAMED Molly GH) a sister of the above- named deceased and named in his Will as a beneficiary and Who was last heard of In Widnes County of Lancashire England about 1830 and if the said AGNE 3 MADDEN he dead to her Widower (if any) and to her children (if any) or to her personal representative that an action The Union Trustee Company of Australia Limitsd v. Sherlock and another 1932 No. 375 is now pending in the Supreme Court of the State of Victoria in the Commonwealth of Australia and the follow- ing inquiries have been directed . (1) DID AGNES MADDEN the leptee named in the Will of the above-named JOHN MADDEN deceased predecease the said deceased ? (2) IF the said AGNES MADDEN died after the date of the death of the said deceased who is the legal per- sonal representative of the said AGNES MADDEN ? AND that THURSDAY the SECOND day of OCTOBER 1902 at 11.30 o'clock in the foeenoon at JUDGES CHAMBERS SUPREME COURT HOUSE WILLIAM- STREET MELBOURNE in the said State of Victoria is appointed for proceeding with the said enquiries. CDATED the 30th day of June 1902. G. H. NEIGHBOUR. StaiMp hief Clerk of the Supreme Court of Victoria. 51- GAUNSON LONIE. Prell a Buildings 60 Queen-street Melbourne in the said State of Victoria Solicitors for the Plaintiff to whom all communications may be sent.

ILLIIMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Pao-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quan titles ttc., copied and lithographed.—BßooK3 AND SJN, Law stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington.

WANTED, 20,000 Painters to BUY Iron Paint Cans. Paint Stainers, Knotting Bottles, Galvanised Buckets. Chimney Tops, direct from our Works, at whole- sale rebel. Large stock always on hand at M LOWS ec SONS. Bakers' Utensil Manufacturers and Compete Bake- house Outfitters, 24, Prescot-street, Liverpool.

970 BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS.—GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES.—Bun Tins, Troughs, Provers. Peels and Rods, Window Trays. Confectioners' Ovens, Chaffers, Blowers and Pipes, Sandwich Boxes, Roll Tins, Oval Cob Tins, Pie Machines, Tea Urns, Moulds. Egg Whisking Machines, Scales, Gas Hot Plates, Bowls, Ice Cream Freezers, Trucks. Knives, Fancy Cake Stands, Slab Cake Tins, Raspberry Sandwich and Madeira Cake Tins, Sieves. Icing Tubes.scone Wire Cutters, and every descrip- tion of new shapes of Tins and Bakehouse Utensils. M LOWE & SOBS, Manufacturers of Bakers' rools and Utensils. and Complete Bakehouse Outfitters, 23, Prescot- street, Liverpool.

BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS AND MUSIC. MR. B. WADSWORTH respectfully informs BANDSMEN and the public generally that he is AaBNT IN WARRINGTON FOR BESSON, HIGHAL AND BOOSBY. Prices similar to those of the respective firms. All kinds of MUSICAL IN STRUMENTS supplied on the very best terms (cash or instalments). Please write or call- -59. SANKEY-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

Hrj G. DOWLING, RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED CONIMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21, Ellesmere-road, Stoat= Heath.

WHERE TO DRESS WELL AND CHEAP. NODLEIIAN, MEHARRY AND CO, CLOTH AND SRRGE WAREHOUSE. CLOTHS 18 2D. PER YARD 60 IN. DOUBLE WIDTH. ALL-WOOL GENTS AND BOYS SUITINGS,S4 IN. 23. 6D. PER YARD. TROUSRRINGS FROM Is. 6D. PER YARD. CLOTHS ALL MAIM AND QUALITIES IN STOCK, FROM Is. PHU YARD. CLOTHS FOR COATS AND SKIRTS, ALL MAKES AND SHADES FROM Is. PER YARD, ALL LININGS, CANVAS ecc, KEPT IN STOCK. NODLEMAN, MEHARRY AND CO., 227 BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. (FIVE DOORS FROM DROWN-STREET.) OUR MR. MEHARRY IS LATE OF lIARFORD ,AND CO., LIVERPOOL. Send for Patterns, post free. Business hours, 9 to 8.

DENTISTRY. • THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, VirARRINGTUN. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS. 25 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 219. 6, MARKET STREET (ovEn MYNEICYNE'B). H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

BOYS, AM I ANY USE TO YOU? STRAIGHT; I HAVE REALLY GONR ALt OOT to make my 6s. 613.. 88. 61).. and TWELVE 808 BOOTS the FINEST Value In England. ARTHUR EVANS, • 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVRRPOOL,

eiIIARLES WOLF'S GIN EA GOLD WEDDING RINGS. fDOZ SUPEEIOR ELEC- TED PLATED TEA-SPOONS given with esch ring. Engage- ment rings a speciality. Waltham, Elgin and Waterbury Watches. ltepain of every descriptlou promptly done with the greatest skill and attention. CHARLES WOLF HOLESALE JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10, ItSNBHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

fIHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL DAIRY SCHOLAR- SHIPS. —The TECHNICAL, INSTRUCTION COM- MITTEE r &SS for competition a NUMBER OF SCHOLARSHIPS tenable for 10 wePict. at the Dairy Insti- tute, Work sten, commencing on MONDAY, SEPTEM- BER IFt next. Further p4rticulars and application forms may be obtained Dom RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary, Crewe.

LANGL ANDS' SAILINGS. To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL Front GLASGOW Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Mon. Aug. 18th 10 p m Wed, Aug. POth 2p m *5.23 Pm Fri. Aug. 22nd 12 coon Mon. Aug. 25th 2pm .7.5 pm Wed. Aug. 27th 4.30 pm Fri. Aug. 29th 2p m .8.25 pm *Trains from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). ORDINARY FARES :—Cabin. Single, 115. ; Return (valid for two months). 16a 6d. Steerage. Single, is 6d. SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS.—(VaIid for 10 days), Cabin, 14s. ; Steerage, Bs. 3d. M. LANOLANDS AND SONS, 10, RIIMFORD-PLA,CE, LIVERPOOL. THROUGH LAKB-LA-ND 7.4 W ISLE OF MAN.:Ks, Utill,TA.' Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted " BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2 15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 am. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10.55 a.m. Special cheap return fares from WatlitlytOß - First class and Saloon 24s Od Trains run Third class and Saloon 158 6rl alongside Third class and Fore Cabin lii 6d Steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIROCLAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or lace versa, can now be obtained at following Farts : First•class and Saloon Third-class and Saloon 145 01 Third-class and Fore Cabin lOs Orl Tim journey may be broken at Grange. Ulv•n•stone (for the Lakes),Furness Abbey or Barrow, IMPOhTANT NOTICE.— The magnificent new express steam •' DUCHESS OF DEVONsHIRE is now on the service. Tonrist Note Book Post Fres, 3d. LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

LIVERPOOL & NORTH WALES,—REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS. (Sundays included), as. "St Tudno," daily, Irom Prince's Landing Stage at 10.45 am. for Llandudno. Raaumarls, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, due back about 730 pm. Low fares. INCREASED WEEK-END SAILINGS. BITURDATB.—Your callings to Llandudno, 10 0 am, 11 0 am, 130 pm. and 3p m. To Menai Straits 110 am, and 1 30 p m. SUNDAlre.—Tbree Battings to Tlandudno and Menai Straits, 10 40 a m, 11 10 a m, and 2 30 p m. Early Boat from North Wales on Mondays, due Liverpool at 10.45 a m returning at 2.30 p m to above places. For fares and all further particulars apply to the Liverpool and Forth Wales Steamship Company, Limited,T. G BREW, Secretary, 40, Chapel Streat, Liverpool. Through Bookings by Cheshine Lines and on Sundays by Express Train leaving Warriniton Central at 9.45 a m.

T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY Goons, PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES, go to the above addrebe. AGENT OR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

• lARRII€EA. DIAURII(E A. DIARRH CEA. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE IS USED BY ALL TRAVELLERS THE WIDE WORLD OM, No one visits the tropics xithOut taking with him a supply of Dr. BROWNE'S CELE- BRATED RFISIBDY. When the tropics visit us let U 3 be equally prepared. BUY A BOTTLE NOW AND BE SURE YOU GET THE GENUINE. It may pay the retailer to supply a substitute, but it won't pay you to take It. DR- J. COLLI3 BROW., E'S CHLORODYNE IS WHAT YOU WANT WHEN DIARRHCE DI:SEND:BY AND CHOLERA ABB ABOUT. OF ALL CHEMIST'S Is. iD., 25. D, &45 6D.

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Red funnels & block Tops.) 6/6 DAY FXCURSIONS. 6/6 DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE. (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLLS. Daily 10-30 m and 2p m I Daily 9am and 4pm Fridays and Saturdays I " 0n...12-30 em (Sun. night.) 5 pm & 12 30 night Deily to 16. it 12-30 night I The ~i'MFBESS QUEEN" Is intended to sail from Liverpool 1('-30 am anc from Dougl ta 4 p m every week day. DAY BXCURSIONS—DaiIy. From Manchester—Fore t;',,bin and 3rd ...6s. Saloon and 3td ...Ss. 6d. 1 Lt7erpool......depart 10-30 a m Douglas depart 4p m Douglss...arrive about 2-15 pin L'pool arrive about 7-45 p m Day tickets are issued Friday midnight to return Saturday 4 p m and Saturday midnight steamers to Sunday midnight. FLEETWOOD TO DOLIGLia —Daily, except Sundays. from Fleetwood at 2 15 pm, TrAhl from Warrington at 11-42 am, Extra Steamer Saturdays from Fleetwood, 12.30 noon.; Journey can be broken at Blacknool. Live:lll,oot, TO RA:Wear direct. Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays 12 30 noon; via Douglas Thursdays and Fridays 2 p.m. FLEE-moon TO RAMSEY via DOuglas.—Thursdays and Fridays. same times as Fleetwood to Douglas. Halt Came's " Little Man Island " and Saintly' free (postage id> of Tours to Dublin. Belfast. and Glasgow. Tickets, &c, from Swan & Leach, Cook & non. Dean & Dawson, tourist agents. Passengers, their Luggage. Live Stock, and Goods con- veyed subject only to the conditions of carriage of the Company, as exhibited in their offices and on board their steamers. ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKST CO., LTD.. Douglas

.IE-MIGRATION TO CANADA. by ALLAN ROYAL MAIL STRAMERS, every Thurs- day. Frse grant lands; farm labourers and domestic servants In great demand; also openings for capitalists. Pamphlets and futl. particulars free —Apply ALLAN OFFICES, 19. James street, Liverpool. or 103, LeadenhalLstreet. London.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S UL AID BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND El E ALBS. WHEA rs HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BR. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICR ROAD, ,uAREINGTON. Also Mounts.: turer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Scrow-stopp.red Bottles. Telephone No. 179. nolas. OWNIN STREET.

ROBERT LOWE, INTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and Baleroorns No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Stcond-band Pnrnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furnituze, &c.. warehoused,

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE Tr-e test and cheapest ever offered to the Poblll. Sold by all Grooers and Druggists, in °sulfates ICkt., and ls. Bd. each. Whclenake by J. aRODUS Aro HON. I.xn Iq&BEINGTOD It".;TABLISFLAD 1877

ci 7 OLMMER HOLIDAYS AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHER 3130u1d pay a visit to the AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. Largest Stock of NEW and MOND-HAND CAMERAS, and SoientiSe Instruments, do, in Manchester, Write for our 1902 Illustrated Catalogue (post free). THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD-STREET (ALL SAINTS), MANCHESTER,

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDE)2 AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED ENDER PERSONAL S PREVISION. {ESTIMATES 4IVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

TRE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., lAD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FEOM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS. LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BICKERSHAW COAL). HEAD OFFIOD AND WHARF ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Moe • Marion Street. Wart Diem

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIEF DRESS BASKETS From lie. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGE* ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROSI WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30, NORTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

R. HOLLINGWORTLI AND Co.. 6:108AIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, BT. JAMET-STABET, LATCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA )351ENT5. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS C. References :—Warrington Cemetery Church sad Chap.,' Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY. Telegrams HOLLINGWORTH, LatehtOrd."

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CILIARETTES, SNUFFS. ETORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, WAN-STREIST, MANCHESTNEt Bitablisbed 68 Years.

YOU CANNOT DO BETTER THAN BUY YOUR BUTTER, BACON, CHEESE AND EGGS AT ASHLEY'S THE NOTED SHOP FOR BEST VALUE. 61, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. THE TRADE SUPPLIED,

A. AND J. IIVITAINE, PAN, SBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMiTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND S'LVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China, Marble Cloaks. Pictures, Sm. Ice., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special HAR'iAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIEe' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES HY 1-061. RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, An.. GOLD and ALVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. i\I'LAIN's ICHMOND S MEET, LIVERPOOL.

AND IiOCOLA STEAMMIS ' LIMITED. NEW Dt ILY EXPRESS STEAMERS CALAIS DOUVRES, LILY. VIOLET, NORMANDY, OR BRITT 9 NY. SAILING DAILY from PRINCE'S LANDING-STAGE . 3/6 Funnels White, with. Black Tops. 3/6 RETURN. RETURN. DURING AUGUST. DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE (SUNDAYS EXCEPTED) FROM LIVERPOOL'k PRO N.'. DOUGLAS. Daily 10.45 a tn., and mid- Daily, 9.30 a.m., and 4.5 night. Extras steamers p.m. Extra steamers every every Saturslay and Mon- Sunday and Monday at day at 2.30 p.m. midnight. LONG DAY IN TICE ISLE OF '4'N UTHURBDA.Y, AUGUST 21st from LIVERPOOL at 8.45 am From DOUGLAS 4.5 p.m. and 5.31 p.m. Tickets and handbills Walker's. 53. Whitechapsl, Liverpool; Booking Offices, Landing-stage, Liverpool ; 1, Victoria Pier. Douglas.

BE WISE IN TIME AND FURNISH AT DITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station. through Railway Arch). ALS 4 AT pITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY. NOBILITY, do, WHAT'S IN A NAME? That which we term a rose, if called by any other name would smell as , sweet. Young and unsophisticated as she was, Juliet,never- theless,voiced a truism when she so expressed herself. Stitt I despite this, there is w very considerable value, both senti• I mental and financial in a good name, especially in these keen competitive and not, we regret to say over scrupulous times. Nowadays a good name is more precious then rubles —in fact, some firms would not part with their's for all the wealth in the world. A good name is not only a source of pride to its possessor, but a safeguard to the public. Take, tor instance, the name of PITTS'S, which for many year, has been familiar in your mouths as a household word. This name in connection with an article hall-marks it as thoroughly reliable durable, tasteful, and the best value obtainable Everyone of experience is aware of this. hence the ever- increasing volume of outlines, flowing to PITTS'S of LON , DOH-ROAD and GAYTHORN. PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FUR-N[- TURB at 15, 22f. 281, 381, 50, 75, 100, 20). up to 1,010 guineas, are the embodiment of everything that is excell- ent and necessary for the embellishment of the home. They are Incomparably superior in VALUE and appearance to others. They comprise articles of rarest beauty though thoroughly substantial, and can be had for ABOUT HALF expensive City prices. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUlDE,containinw 730 artistic designs,priced post free. Cash ,quotations only. Easy pr.yments ten per cent extra. PITTS'S SPECIAL HOUSE OF FURNITURE, originally cost, we understand, about 2500. PITTS'S price for the lot 200 guineas, or any article separately. It consists of TEN ROOMS, Hall, Stairs, Landings, artistically and substantially equipped. The late owner being wealthy. did net need to consider expenses. Briefly, the Rooms are as follows —DRAWING ROOM, in Chippendale Mahogany and Rich Silk Tapestry ; DINING-Room, in Oak and Reel Leather ; MORNING-ROOM in Oriental Saddlebags ; KITCHEN, SCULLERY, FIVE BEDROOMS, one each Walnut, Mahogany. Satin Walnut. Ash, and Decorated. All requisite number of articles, including Bedsteads, (two of which massive, all brass), carpets (Axminster. Brussetslc), rugs, mats, floor cloths, ac., the whole forming an excep- tionally ckoice assemblage. PITT'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largegt 1 and best selection, being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for chetp lines PITI'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERING.— Grand display. All British makes. Choicest designs, many of which exclusive: esquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted free of charge. pars's RELIABLE CYCLES —Splendid Selec- tion of over a Dozen Different High Grade Makes, all fully guarantee'. Any tyre fitted. DITT'S TRUNKS, TRAVELLING BAGS. Bacain- estes, Mail Carts, Lamps, Chins, Glass, Earthenware, Table Billiards. Begat elle. pITTS'S POPULAR PlANOs.—Megaincent Die- play of NEW INSTRUMENTS by beet makers, fully guaranteed. at Considerably Under usual Prices. Also SECOND-HAND PIANOS in good condition. PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNI- TURE.—Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires Desks, stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about Half City prices. Inspection will verify. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. Lor4D)ll-1-:0A0 (Ardwick and Longsight Cars). GAYTHORN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. Natioutal Telephone. 1,124.

A HINT FOR THE CORONATION. MANY A CROWN IS LOST BY INJUDICIOUS PURCHASING OF CLOT RING. THE M.C.D. TRADE ON ECONOMICAL LINES. ALTHOUGH THEY DO NOT PRETEND TO GIVE CROWNS AWAY, THEY DO ASSIST THE ECONOMIST TO SAVE MONEY BY THEIR SYSTEM. EVERYTHING SOLD IS BASED ABSOLUTELY ON FIRST COST BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN'S CLOTHING IN GREAT VARIETY FOR CORONATION YEAR. CALL AND INSPECT THEIR SPECIALITIES. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, YR.9.5111 MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wed Iln and Birthday Preaents, School Prizes, Au. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OP PIIOTOGRAPRS for Cryitoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEW EL LERS, SI LVERSM/THS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS, DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (B LL THE LEADING BUYERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY 01 MCAT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CHAT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. • Old Gold and Sliver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S , INKS. . . (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN lARR.ET PLACE. WARRINGTON

TNIVERcITY -CHOOL BOUT HPO most successful Boarding zetiool tor Bo”.—Y.lsae.awoon. VEIWTON-&E - WILLOI9B.—ICIRKPIELD BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- non to principals.

HIGH-CLASS AND SULAJASSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOE BOYS. Terms Moderate: Splendid Position : Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford). Waterloo High School. Biundelisands.

VAIRHAVEN EIIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS near Bt. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommodation EDO-class Modern Nducation. Staff Includes President B.A. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teaollera. Itxams successes, Principal : Miss MILLMN.

HARROGATE.—TRINITY GOLLEGE.—Iit Master, Mr P HUGHES, assisted by resident University men and visiting masters. Fine situation, modern appliances, cricket and football fisld, tennis courts, swimming bath, gymnasium. Thorough preparation for professional and commercial pursuits. Next ierm September 18.

AlR.Mulß,VgaBnTlitWatlidijKChEoBl;mAss.tije.reoPSi. r'aru*BoBl7lreohf. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELT-LINE! Warrington.

I_,lo OSSIIRATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— Jlik, Principals Mills Ryan, and Nisi Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cycling, g)mnasium, great attention to music, at. modern languages ; resident gradu- ates and other mistresses; recent successes in Loud. Matti° Cambridge Locals and Acme : Board, It A M. K C Id, in- clusive terms.

SOHTLIPOItT 310llgRN SCHOOL, SCARLSBRICK NIW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR 11YS. HEADMAYTER—J. C. timmtwooo. A.C.F Flt G.S. 37 :..,UCCE6SES AT PUBLIC EXAMS., 'XMAS. 1901. LARGE RESIDENCE NOW BRING ERECTED FOR BOARDERS. SPECIAL ADVANTAGIis to Boys entering in SEPTEMBER, when the new residence will be ()nen.

ANCHESTE it GRAMM AK 6(:1100L, FEE, E 4 4s. PER TERM THE E I•XP TERM BSGINS ItASDAY• EEPTEMBEH. 16TH. Entrance lotsm'nethn, Monday, Septembar 15th. at, 9 a.m. • PROSPI,CTU- forms of applications, &c , may be had at the school. Th., bo,rding house in connection with the school is s.tuete 1 in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classed reopen on Wednesdev September 17th. A class for ladiesand tenet els is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. RECEIVER.

WAR RI NGTUN GRAMMAR SCHOOL. - THE NEXT TERM WILL BBOIN ON TUESDAY, SEP./EMBER 16TH. THE HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME TO INTER- VIEW PARENTS, ON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 151 H after 11 a.m. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, AC. PREPARATORY FORM for Boys from 8 to 12 years of sae, PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPIICATIONT.

EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS end PIIYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be succesgfully treated witbout stomach medlestion. The method ts easy snd pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. N. NORTON, 59 L 60 CHANCERY LINE, LONDON. Over years' continnous suocess.

A Food Delicacy. All foods are not delicacies— all delicacies are not foods. Brown Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour is both. It can be eaten when the most restricted diet is ordered. It can be en- joyed when the appetite is most fastidious. It is a luxury at the cost of the commonest foods. A number of excellent recipes accompany each package. Brown & Poison's "PATENT" Corn Flour ASK FOR Brown & Poison's "Patent."

A , -Mins " 11.° " V I 4l 4 41E,,1er I ' f* A " t-74`5. tip - t • tk.- - - - -

z .... / - . o dot+ 9, it ,2.' ® ."- ..T ~ . r 1=1:11 , 1 , q i . z . , 10 ll • ( I. V - ,i,,,) • V4l-_,, Ail ;t-:4 ~ ''" ' - • _ 144 1L.Z1....' 9 v , • 411.._.4. ;.,. 1 . , ' ....A.A .r.D if / diflik., , - • Lv>, / . - ' It • T, v ) I ' , l i. I ' '' , , , /, , ) , ~.. - sa. , ...

. .. ... • ..,.,_ , . - . 44g,-,-.'''i • (.2(ii,/ - -•.''' ~,,4.,_ iiiih , ; . .- ...... . 4 , t 15., ... ' ...,' 10 • .. r • t.i.- . 1 . \ . . v' v - A.;.', Al,,f -• :..-,. , A . -,, t.„. .„....„, - ~- N ' - , .. , . • ..',-.4. ' ' V ( I -•.) ' '•• Iti4ak. , a , . ''', le, . ••. . • ....- -i • , ~ - , . . . „ ~, • ''' ---, ----- . . • ,-,.• '7, t ..F•a% •:-.... i t'a,.., _ ..•:, 'r .

A-street, Liverpool. • ' ••• 4:* p AIME iIIOCK OF MANDOLTARS. BARJORS. -11.4 GUITARS, ViOTIN2, AC. Sneetal Offer.—Guamnteed ITALIAN MANDOLIN. MAIM'S name inside, Rose - 'rood. ornamented 10s. Bd. Carriage paid. Beet qvality MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Casa Is. post free, AROWCR AIM SONS. ST + oxonar.s' CRRSCENT. Tor fir Lorm.sTßßTm...r, RPOOL. Established 1848

N

SAVE44„..:,,YOHAIR With Shampoos of Cuticura SbaD and Light Dressings of Cuticura. This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces, stimulates hair folli- cles, supplies the roots with energy and novrish= ment, and makes the hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else fails. IIILLIONS USE CUTICURA SOAP Assisted by CUTICURA OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying, and beautify- ing the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chafings, in the form of baths 4 ' for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspir- ation by women in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women and mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those who have once used these great , skin purifiers and beautifiers to use any others. i COMPLETE TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR 4s. 9d. Consisting of CUTICURA SOAP, Is. to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle; Curio:mu OINTMENT, 2s. gd., to instantly allay itching, inflamma- tion, and irritation, and soothe and heal; and OUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS, is. to COCA and cleanse the blood. A SINGLE SET Is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, dis- fguring, itching, burning, and scaly skin, scalp, and blood humours, with loss of hair, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world, or, the set postpaid, 4s. M., by F. NEWEERY at SONS, British Depot, 27-28, Charterhouse Sq., London. French Depot: 5 Rue de la PaIN, Paris. POTTER DRUG AND OREM. CORP., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odour- ATICURA RESOLVENT PILLS less' economical substitute for the celebrated liquid OUTICURA RESOLVENT, as well as for all other blood purifiers and humour cures. Put up screw.cap pocket vials, containing 60 doses, price,lB. ihd. OUTICERA Pirr.s are alterative, a-diseptic, tonic and digestive, and the purest, sweetest, most successful and economical of blood and skinipUriliers, humour cures, and tonic-digestives.

• .If Colman's name and the Bull's Head are on the pacliage of Starch you buy, you have the best • Starch made. See that MP* 4, titt Bull's Head Colman's are on Name and the Box. CO [MAN'S STAR:, ‘p Regd.

DOUGLAS— IifdPIELE BOARDINGiHOLISE, Castle Mona Central Promenade, close to places of amusement ad bathing grounds ; trams pass door ; terms 5s 6d to fis per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress. °NEWF.—TAY HOTEL, 154 Euston-road. Three minutes JJ from King's Cross, St Pancras and Huston Sailway Stations ; bed and attendance ds 6d ; private sitting-room 5e 6d per day ; highly recommended.—A C RODNEY, Propr.

DOUGLAS.—BLIZIORAL, Queen's Promenade. magnifi- cent sea view; trams pass door; full toard from be 6d per day, apartments from 2s. Special terms for private suites of rooms on application. P H McPsAIL. Proprietor.

DlSBURGH.—Robinson's popular Temperance Hotels, IA 31, Lotbian-road, and Maitland Hotel, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princess-at. mach Hotel under go-a•head Rochdale management.—Address ROBINSON. to the Lothian-road Hotel; and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 7, EUSTON SQUARE. HONE COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

G FREE FISHING in river and loch: Salmon, Sea- kJ trout, Trout, like ana rerch.—BOAßD-RESIDENCE. CARTBEFLE,Lochmaben. N.B.Visitors in Bliss BUTHERVoRD'Et Establishment have tne privilege of fishing five miles of the Annan.

ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea, Board terms from 2,1 guineas per week, or Os per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS Ac., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORTH THOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON-SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing the sea, Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery; water supply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent Gulf Links by the sea within mile. High—class Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tariff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASGOW.)

00liTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISIiED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

1) HYL.—Home Apartments, minute from se'; term _IL moderate.—Mrs ATKINSON, 20, Aquarium-street. Rhyl. ST:-ANNES-ON-SBA.—Mrs EASTHAM (late of Douglas) Barbara Villas, St Anne-road Bast, Private apartments.

BLACKPOOL,—HOMB FROM HOMe.—Good beds; near Central station and sea; piano.—Mrs. WADDINGTON, 54, Albert-road, 69, Coronation•street. —,CLDBELBY BUGH.-11119. THORNILEX, Tea It owns, At Cborley Hall-lane, near Trafford Arms. Picnic Parties catered for. Accommodation for Cyclists. A BOUT YOUR BUMHBR HOLIDAY 3. Consult the .Cl. "Camp Herald " ; illustrated, free.—SzcaETaar, Holi- day camp. Groudle near Douglas, 1.0. M.

RS. GARNER & MISS HOBO, 24, 'Nelson-road, of LVJ Lytham-rod, Biackpool. Two minutes walk from sea ; good accommodation ; terms strictly moderate ; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, close to station, and all amusements, terms 2s. ; bed and attendance. -Mrs. CLARKE, 31, Ribble-rd, off Central Drive.

I.IDLACRPOOL. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanlinees and good cooking, satisfaction guaranteed. Apply MAO H. ,RlCrianueos, 86 Hornby Road, Blackpool.

ORECAMBE.—HighIy recommended APARTIIHNTS ill promenade, specialities, cleanliness, cooking, beds, terms moderate.—SmiTa AND PRIESTLEY, Westleigb,Marine Parade, Sandylands.

BLAexpooL.—COMFORTABLIi APARTMENTS, pleas- antly situated near Central Station and Sea. every convenience, Home Comforte.—Mee. J. To3(iaNeo9, 59 Elornby Head Blackpool.

WENSLEYDALB.—TO LET, FURNI3HED ROUSE ; tour bed, one Sitting TOJM, kitchen scullery ; bracing air, near the Moors, fishing.—lS re WEBSTER, Nappa Scarr Farm, Ayogarth, MS.O.

A.EGLESEY, North Wales.—A Furnished COTTAGE to LET, sittingroom. four bedrooms, two kitchens. Terms 30s weekly, or apartments to let,—Apply MEREDITH, Menai View, Llangoed, near Beaumaris.

JT 0.m.-31re. J. SCOWCROYT, late of Calderonle House, has removed to 2, Farnworth House, Hutchinson Square (off Broadway), Douglas. APaIitTIVIBNTIL with or without board; terms moderate. Piano Late ot Farnworth. Cable trams direct from steamer to square.

BLACKPOOL.-00MFORTABLN aPA. public or private.—Mrs. MALLEv, bt.), ltuttisay-road. Central Drive. BLACKPO °L.—PUBLIC and PRIVATE& APART ME NTS close to sea and north pier.—Xra PuwELL, 2b Cocker- street, North Shore.

BLACKPOUL.—APARTMICNTS ; Mrs. ALLDRED (late of Atherton). Atherton liouss, a, Pleasant-street, North Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

-upLacx.pooL.—Alies WaRHURST, Springfield House. 139, Talbot-road; public and private SIATING-hUOMS, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view ; piano; opposite ststion. mORECIAMBR.—PubIic and Private APARTMENTS, with or without board ; close to Promenade and Pier, —Mrs Immix, 63, dea View Parade, West Bud-road, W.B. Cycle acaommodation ; piano.

QblitCAMßit, W.B, Mrs J GREAVES and Mrs A GARsDEN. Public or Private, with or without board ; all modern conveniences; Sea view; cycle accommodation, superior piano. nelson house, del tomroad.

DLACKPOOL, Central.—Mrs. JAcfcsorr, 29, Chapel-street. ▪ COMFORTA.BLH APARTMENTS ; bed. attendance, 2s. ; with breakfast 38. ; full board, 41, 6d. ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation. 141 LACKPOOL.—Mrs. BOARDMAN (formerly Miss Haugh- .") ton, of Swinton),Lynwood House, 11, Waterloo-avenue, south bhore, four doors from Promenade and near the Man- chester Hotel, Public and private Apartments. Sea view. Piano. Good storage for cycles.

BytreaSrlgN.HßS on olgatrSo SAL}; ; Homm.alAn road; hoc:Wale-road, Manchester. lUMOOR (good) ; corner position • holder's ales, lease fixtures. stock and furniture, '£l7o old .-115, 'Peak aoAD, llockley. Birmingham.

fAROCERY AND 0014PBOTIONERY ; 114. UNION-ROAD, Oswaidtvoietle, near Accrington ; to Let as a going concern.—Apply on the prigniees. -VON DISPOSAL, Good Engineering and Motor Car Build- trig and Repairing business in Blackpool; about £500. Apply WirrsTANLEir. Park-place. Warrington.

OLD E.:TABLISHED GREENGROCERY AND PROVI- SION BUSINESS ; takings about £25. Horse Cart and stock £55, rent 8s 9d weekly, 111-health cause; EXERT. 348, Reales New-read. Weaste. Manchester.

HORSECLOTHING. BEAUMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED, 26, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horsecicthing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, &a. Horne and. capon. Established 1612.

tiOlt SALE, Invalid PHAETON, stylish Rallis. best 1 finished Shandries. first-elass Gorerness Cars, all new ; also SecoLd-hand Drags and Olga of various designs. Con- veyances on Hire by the day or week without horse.—J WILLIAMS, Wigan.

FOS SALE, FAST PONY, 14 hands, with new harness and Yarmouth Cart, £l6; fast PONY, 4 years old, 14 hands, broke to harness, with Harness and Cart, £lO the lot ; fast little PONY, 12 hands, £4 10s.—Apply 79, WAISH-LANE, near Lambs Farm, Latchford.

MARKET-STREET. good SHOP with House£so. BRIEBIE STREET, CORNER SHOP, until 25th March next, premier position. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and 21. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—No 65.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER :YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

VUTURg FORKTOLD ruling planet 10,state birthtime, 6d 1 stamped envelope.—BowNgse,lhough liridge,Bridllogton VR. It's true I Cutlery, watchea, &c, for nothing J- particulars tree,—CogThs,463 Attercllffe-rd, Sheffield;

CiktlP POTATO and Cook shop FITTINOI, every variety N.../ Champion Hangers. Potato Peelers, Shons,on Whe els 100 page List free-1A.13MT% Poland-street, 3tlWchester. FALSE TBBTH, Jewellery, Gold, Silver BOUGHT; a.: utmost value given; parcels by post, cash per return. —S. FIELD a CO., Jewellers, 76, tdarket-street, Birkenhead.

picrußE posToARDs, highly artistic. packet free upon 1. receipt of stamp for postage, supply limited. early application neceesary.—/S. 8.. Velox Tyre Co., Parkside. Coventry.

T lUBNSED VICTUALLBRS ! Buy Little Guide to Miens .1.1 lug, ty a Chief Constable. The Licensing Laws in a nutshell. Invaluable, Post Is 2d.—BELL, Carlton-street, Nottingbana.

MARBLIS TOP TABLES, Ice Cream Freezers, from 6s 6d. All requisites for Confectioners, Grocers, Ac. ; Cata- logues free.-11LIUND, LTD., Shop Fitters, 336, Old-street, Shoreditcb. London.

rruoustais wool, 7s 6d per pair, JL Carriage paid ; patterns and self measurement forms privately posted, post' free.—DEPARTMENT C., Up-to-Date Clothing Co., Kidderminster.

-roiN OUR PROGRBSSIVS HRALTH CLUB.—Perfect Health and strength guaranteed ; ending all expenses of Sickness. Particulars free.—S.T., 156, High-street, Her- leaden, London, .R.W,

rrIGE-TOP TABLES and Stoole, any colour tiles, our -11- Specielite ; very handsome presents; Bent on approval. Tables, 178 6d; Stools, 7s 6cI,—HADINELL AND UNDEnwoon, 8 City Garden-row, London.

fjOMB WORK by the quickest. simplest, and latest im- proved HARRISON KNITTING MA.OHINBS ; highest wages earned. Lists from HARRISON MACHINE, CO., LTD., 48. Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

J IGHT, LIGHT. LIG HT.—Our Incandescent Mantles and _LI fittings are the best and cheapest in the market. Write or call for price lists. Special quotations to gasfitters and ironmOngere —F JOHNS & Co., 2D9 Old-street, London. B.C.

THIS IS GENUINE DON'T HESITATB SEND P.O. 20 Bd _L for our Beautiful Large Brocade Silk Handkerchief, white or coloured ; satisfaction guaranlmed.—Sixa DEPOT. Stanley-street, Macclesfield.

NETTING, IN ETTINO. Haotolt Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and, fiarden Netting of every description. Dunces 7011241101e5, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

NDIGFESTION abeolutely cured by my wonderful Tonic Digestive Mixture. It never tally. Be cured as otbers bace'been. Large bottles 2s 9d post free, front sole maker, T OAKES, 1 Bond-street, Weymouth.

FOR Sporting People and Collectors. It there is anything you want from Paris, write me; no money required ; sealed letters only; postage 21d.—Address R WAUGH, 14 Rue Chanoinesse, Paris (Vrance).

A STROLOGY.—Your character. marriage partner des• Ll. cribed ; business. health, changes. and chief events accurately told. Send,birth-dats ls and stamped envelope to ZETELLA, I:Glenthorne•road, lioker, Sunderland.

TeRBEHOLD LAND, £26 per acre, Wallop Wonaton and J. Chilbolton ; picturesque and healthy villages in Hants ; plots £lB ; free deeds : instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulare, Mr. BRAKE, Chilbolton, Stockbridge, Hants.

ITILLBD by SANFORD'S RAT POlSON.—Farmers say it ..11. is the best ever u sed, rats found dead.—Also poison for dressing Stack for mice and poison for moles, boxes is 2d, is 3d post free.—SlN F ORD & box, Sandy, Sold by Chemists

RILEUM ATISM.—AII kinds speedily Cured. Marvellous Discovery, which quickly expels the Poieonou s Uric Acid from the Woo d.—Sufferers write immediately, BARING GOULD. Rheumatic Specialist. 5 btratforo -road, Birming— ham. Advice free.

(lORRUGATED SHERTS. from 108 63 par cwt Wasters 1..) 98 6d per Cwt; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanised Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates. Builders Ironwork; Felts. 3s 9d per roll.--Suataranalm. it Co., Beaver Works. Wolverhampton.

rpHE " Simplicity " Sandal (Patented). Made with 000 or J- two buckles only. Automatic adjustment. Only measurement required outline of foot. Retail prices from 4s 6d upwards. Agents required for every town.—Davroa AND CO, Oberon Works, Cambridge.

TNDIGGISTION.—THE BIRDICAL RIIFORAI BOOIBTY .1 will send FRBB to all applicants an excellent BOTANIC CURB for Indigestion, Biliousness, Liver Complaints, Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronehitis.—Address : The Secre— tary BOTANIC IN STITUTE. NOTTINGHAM:

PA.BISIAN Female Pilule', absolutely infallible. speedy. safe. Par superior to Steel, Pennyroyal, Aloes, lifers Piers. and all such remedies. Price with directions. 2s 9d, post free ; free from observation.—tiole ENGLISH DISTRIBUT- ING DEPOT, SOO' chburn. Chemical Laboratory, Crifileld,tiull

How to make MONEY. Every investor should write for above pamphlet, shewing how large profits may be made without hazardous risk or speculation and how, by succes slut investment, £lO can return £2 10s weekly profit. Larger or smaller amounts in proportion.—BlCHAßD BARKER 11, Queen Victoria-street, B.C.

KRAL LAol3.—Magnificent Bertha, value 2 guineas, for 28s 6d ; handsome collars, any shape, and rich ties. 148 6d, 218, 27s 6d each Abtolutely wholesale prlees. Boleros, hlantillas,Fichus, Insertions, Laces. Handkerchiefs ; great bargains. Cash immediately returned It unsuited,-11 JAMES, Direct Importer, Gedling, Nottingham,

eiHINA AND BARTHENWARB SBOONDS.—China Cups, haucers. Bowls Plates,Jugs, etc., all in good decoration ; is Id per norm. Handsome Toilet, Dinner, Tea, Breakfast Bets in great yariety. Hawkers' Large Cheap Orate, con- taining about 1.000 Articles, 42s 6d. Write for Lists. . bee Beginners Orate, with Free •Zea Sets.—ARTHUR J. Hum, King-street Pottery„Longton, Staffs. (Mention paper.)

rilo BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land. with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. Ilo3irtivu, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

LILT) OAK.—Genuine unique large WARDROBE or kis PORTFOLIO STAND, with very fine folding dohrs, sliding trays, Au ; Gothic style and carving unique. The late owner (an English Bishop) expended £4O on alterations; bargain £2B ; size 4ft ly 3tt 41n, height 4ft 2in. A bargain, being genuine grand old piece of Blizabethan work ; contains four folding doors and about 30 panels of beautiful design and rade but elegant old Workmanship of style and execution. —LowE, 18, Crescent, Birmingham.

I HA342ADNyI2,?eRte IllltStßoravSeszp%BrtLy enclosed Price lop livered and erected £95 cash, or three yearly payments £36' Shed same size lighter make. £25 cash, or three yearly pay- ments ER. These sheds are fire-proof, storm-proof and practically indestructtble. Save their cost in a few years. On the above deferred payments buyer will save greater part of cost of shed before making last payment and this is pro- bably one of the greatest boons ever offered to agricultu- rists. ISAAC DIXON AND Co., Windsor Ironworks, Edge Hill, Liverpool. BAtiGAINS.—Rough old Office Desk, little broken, be, cost £2 ; fancy chocolate case, mahogany glazed, 10s, cost £3 ; Landseer's "Hunted Stag," splendid old-gold frame, ready to hang, £2, cost £2O; old mahogany office pedestal, all complete, 30s, cost £6 10s ; old oak chest, 30s ; beautiful half-tester bedstead, £4 10s, cost £3B ; charming little lady's worktable, polished mahogany, 30s, cost £6 ; large old-gold frame, 6s, cost £l2 ; beautiful pillar and bust 10s,elegant for garden • superior stove for cbapel or assembly room, £3, cost £2s..—Lowa's Bargain Warehouse, 18, Crescent, Birmingham.

TO LEL—Three-storey factory, with 6 H.P Gas Engine. .1 Kent moderate.-1) REDHEAD, Kettering, North'. QTAMPS.—For Bale, Album and 172 foreign and colonial stamps, lus 6d.—BLLzoTT. atiliside,Harrow-rd,Dorking.

LOOK.—Do you want to save fof your coals? Let us send you a tree sample, 2 stamps for postage,—B. HOWARD, 04, Great Percy-street, London, W.C.

ATENUS PILLS. Herbal, recommended by lady users, V safest. most effect Ave ; uost free 24 9d.—lsdiNsolit, Newcastle Herbal Medmine stores, Shields-road, hewcastle- on-Tyne.

DCSPOTUAL—CURES BAD LEGS, External Cancer, Lupus, Biles, Ac. Send no money until cured. Ask your Chemist. or stamp to Lams Co., 22, Kenilworth- road, Seacombo. MONGOOSES. MONGOOSES, direct from Calcutti, not miserable West Indian t specimens, 25s 64 pair, 14s each, fur rats and ail vermin.—Joax iIAMLYN. 221, St. George's-street, E.

IONTINIsNTAL PHOTOGRAPHS from Life; imrorted direct ; very choice ; grand variety ; samples 6d, Is & 2s 6d, p,st tree.-.-G CLARKE, 4 Kent Villas, Central-road, Ramsgate, Name paper.

g AARDEN NETTING. small mesh, 105 yards by 1 ard Wide, 3,; by 2 yards wide, 6e; accl so on to any width Carriage paid on all orders over bs.—From Ii Jth.saor Garden Netting Works, Rye.

NOUNS CORNS I CORNS I—lf you suffer from painful corns, try a bottle of Painless Corn Paint from PICKER ING, Chemist, Bishop Auckland. Post free 7 strmps. You'll wish you bad heard of it years ago.

ACIftIiTAIN INCOMM may be made by those interested in the turf by following my guaranteed syetem.--Write enclosing 'tamped addrassed envelope for full particulars to CAPTAIN BUTLEA, 92, Upper Cliff-road, eorieston.

ir OOK 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUOHBRS sewn; ..1-1 very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for 60 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

BLACK COSTUME SKIRTS, ensartly strapped. warranted not to shrink or spot with rain ; best possible value; satisfaction guaranteed ; 7s 6d and lOs 6d carriage paid ; lengths 38,40, 42, 44 inches.—BOOTHBY, West Had3on,Rugby,

TILE PROPBRTY GAZ ETTEER describes 2.382 towns and villages, particulars 0.! houses, etc., to be let and for sale throughout the Kingdom. 150 pages, post free 6d ; PUBLISHER. 1, Mitre Court, Fleet—street, B.C.

STBRILITY in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. An Illustrated Edition. by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; post free 3s. 8d,— London : SHELLEY & CO., LTD, 38, Gracechurch-street.

HOUSICBOATS on the River Ouse, the Cuse Lily and Sun- flower, Saloon, 8 beds, kitchen, promenade deck, with awning, glass, china, silver, linen, piano and punt with each boat, good fishing, further particulars apply to C GILL, South-street, St Neots.

N Aluminium Card Case, with your name engraved £1 thereon. and 100 superfine ivory Visiting Cards, with four lines of printing, any style, for 2s 6d post free, ladies size and eight lines of printing 3a 6d.—Lists free from FRANCIS RAFTHER, 9 Betillett'd-road Baitley, Birmingham.

CARTRIDGICS, Best quality, 9s 6d per 100 ; Farmers' fis 100 ; Send for our catalogue of game,pigeon, and special wildfowl cartridges, free ; Best Hammer Gun made, £5 Si, shooting guaranteed ; guns repaired, re-bored, browned.ete., for the trade and sportsmen.—lNMAN Bros, Gun and Cart- ridge Manufacturers and Experts, Sycamore-st., dheflield.

LIEN UINB OPPORTUNITY for sound investment. LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, industrial con- cern ; offer ; for private subscription only; £25,000 C. pre- ferred shares, at a premium of 3s each, 10 per cent per annum dividend, with participation In profits exceeding 70 per cent per annum. Principals or their solicitors only address in first instanoe.—ADVEBTISERS' SOLICITOR% M.P. 25, Victoria-street, B.W.

PII.OTO BUTTONS a Paying Business. Agents wanted everywhere in England to sell our beautiful Photo Buttons. Buttons made to order from any photograph or tintype in from five to eight days. Largest discount to agents. Souvenir and advertising buttons as desired at lowest prices. Outfits for manufacturiag also furnished. Write to-day.—WlLLiaZt ALTON DERRICK, formerly of Chicago, now Luetzowstr, 82 Berlin, W., Germany.

TYRES.—Isew Covers, 7a 6d ; re-rubberlng, 46 6d ; re-lining 2d.—FREEMAN & Co., 1265, Paddington, Liverpool. TRICYCLE CRRIgR. latest ; nearly new ; cost £2l ; JL take £lo.—GEkte, Weybridge. fi ENT'S BICYCLE, Cheap, Splendid condition, New tyres, New departure, k ree wheel and back pedal brake, also front brake £6 101 photo sent.—RLLls, 175. Shuttle-street. Tyldeiley.

HA,LL AND CO.. Bank Top Cycle Depot, Blackburn, Makers of THE PILOT CYCLE fitted with rim brake, free wheel and latest imprpyements. Guaranteed two years. Price £5 193 6d. Carriage paid.

11.4'RRB—CYCLUs I ClCOLsts Marvellous Bargains 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Accessories. Bargains In Radie's and B.S.A. Machines. FILER to any address, the most interesting 60 page Catalogue in the trade. Second hand Cycles from 30s. 2,000 New Machines from £2 17s 61. Plated films, Rim Brake, Free-wheel Machines from £4 10s each. livery class of Machines in Stock. Accessories half: price -80 per cent, cheaper than others. Marvellous Bargains; Ageut s wante 4 ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 60 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested in the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FREE to .aiI.—WARRIROW & CO., Weston-super Mare.

THE INEST SELECIIOII OF £lO lUs. CYCLES IN LIVRRFOOL. INCLUDING " PREMIEtt " "GLORIA' AND BAYLISS-THOMAS, EXCELSIOR, FITTED WITH CLINCHER OR DUNLOP TYRES, FREE WH EELS AND TWO RIM BRAKES. CASH OR GRARUAL PAYMENTS. PRICE LISI FREE. SLADE AND CO., b 7, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

rir JL YRES ! YRES ! ! TYRES !! ! DRTACEIABLB NON-iLIPPING OUTHR COVRRS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade ; Ils 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with beet rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. 3 P_ OLLARD & NJO., LTD., INDIAROBBER BIANUFAOTURRRS, 28, BftUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVBRPOOL.

LEA-FRANCIS, ROYAL ENFIELD, TRIUMPH, SUNBEAM. Finest Selection extant. Spring frames, Cross frames, and Featherweight ' Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guinoa MaChines (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free. Cash or easy payments. Second— hand machines from £2 10s. TTITCHINGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD ST, Is 165, DUKE ST, LIVERPOOL.

LATticiirußD, NEAR WARRINGTON. FREEHOLD DWBLLAN(I-klOUdtbo AND BUILDING LAND. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY AXESSRS. JOHIS MAIN WAAL:SG & CO,, at the 13.1.. Blue Bell Ina, Horsemarketddreet, Warrington. on Wednesday, the ROth day of August, 1902, at five o'clock in the evening prompt. subject to conditions of sale to 'se then read : LOT I.—Two Freehold DWELLING-HOUSES,with gardens thereto, known as Bryn Felin Villas, situate near Lomb Brook, in Chester-road, Latchford Witbout,near Warrington, in the occupations of the representatives of the late Mr. Joseph Blinston and Mr George Mason. Contents 877 square yards or thereabouts. LOT 2.—A Plot of Freehold BUILDING LAND situate on the westerly sise of Lot 1, containing 1,500 square yards of land or thereabouts, and having a frontage to the highway of 92 feet or thereabouts. Lox 3.—A Plot of Freehold BUILDING LAND situate on the westerly side of Lot 2, containing 1,519 square yards of land or thereabouts. ' The property has a southerly aspect, and is only a few minutes' walk from Stockton Heath. Lots 2 and 3 form very desirable building sites. The right to maintain a line of pipes to the well on Lot 1, and to draw water from such well is reserved to a former owner. For further particulars and plans apply to Messrs William and Seger Owen, architects and surveyors, Warrington ; the Auctioneers, Bridge-street, Warrington ; or to T. J. RIDGWAY, Solicitor, 2, Cairo-street, Warrington.

THOROUGHBRED POULTRY.—Mrs Mordaunt Lawcon, J. Evening Hill Poultry Farm, near Carlisle, has always for sale well-bred birds of the following varieties: Dorking., Leghorns, Minorca,. Andalusians. and Old English Game Fowls, &e. batistaction guaranteed. Correspondence a pleaeure.—Apply ON Flamm, Manager, Evening Hill Poultry Farm, near Carlisle.

IDOUVERY EARN( (small rough); Lime Cottage,Eardisland, Kingsland, lierefordahire , four-roomed cottage, stable, milk pantry, pigsties, fowl-houses, charming orchard nearly two acres. Lear the Lovely !River ( cottage is rough) bargain £l5O freehold, £lO3 leasehold; £l3O may remain on mortgage f required ; seller will pay all Law costs to convey.—Lown, Baskerville Hall, Crescent, Birmingham.

--- Aarpmerg, etc. mTHARF. or YARD CRANE, lift 5 tons no Guys to stay top needed ; Price 435.—GkEirrwooD, 63, Percival- street, Bradford, Yorks.

ITIGH-CLASS GAS ENGINSS ; new design ; latest im- provements. Sizes in stock, one to twenty-four brake horse power.--Rmran Asawonrit, Collyhurst, Manchester. ABOUT 50 GOOD WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, all _LA kinds; low prices.—GREENwOOD.O, 48, Molesworth- street, Rochdale.

ON SAL% cheap, one each HORIZONTAL STEAM ENGINE, 61n. bore ),in. stroke, and 3in. bore 6in. stoke thoroughly overhauled; also two Force Pumps and Eccentrics complete set of Oat Crushing Rollers, Leamington Range with enclosed top plates; the above are all second- hand, and in good tondition.—For Turning, Planing, Punch- ing, Drilling and Steam Hammer Forging. apply C. Corrox, Scotland-road, Warrington,

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHIL TO BUY YOUR 1 LUBRICANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- OORROsIVE,,, largest sale In the world. Engine Oil, 110. ; Cylinder Oil. 110, • Machinery Oil, 110. ' • Spindle Oil, ; Gas Engine Oil', Is 6d. ; Dynamo Oil, le6d per gallon; in barrels, free and carriage paid,.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London, B.C. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow; 1, Sandhill, Quayside, Newcaatle-on-Tyne. P A-TENT OFF IC O. EABOHESTEE, BSTIBLISITED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have lut,4 more than 40 years' personal experieneein connection with this Establish- ment andposseas practical knowledge of the cotton ,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price 11. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SOS, F.1.P.A.. M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER

LPER WEEK PROFIT paid on each £lO invested in a genuine, wall-established business ; don't miss this exceptional opportunity of making money; balance-sheet and lull particulars on application.—E PRICE, 46, Havelock- road, Hastings.

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY. So WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON-

THERE IS A GREEN SPOT NOT FAR AWAY WHERE YOU CAN GET ALMOST ANYTHING FuR THE HOUSEHOLD ALL GOODS BOUGHT FOR CASH AT LOWEST MARKET PRICES ALL GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH THE CHEAPEST SPOT FOR YOU THE " SPOT " SHOP THE " GREEN " SPOT SAM N. GREEN WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

I RELAND'S SPECIAL ITY, 11- V V - ALTON " BICYCLE £lO 10s. THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROM B.S.A. FITTINGS, ANY TYRES. IlAr• H. IRELAND & CO. WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREAT SANKEY, NEAR WARRINGTON.

GYMNASTIC APPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUT AND SON. 89, WINDSOR STREET, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA FMB') THOUGHOUT IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY.

(-1 k_TARTONS IMPROVED BREEDtOF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST. Awarded a Champion Prize of £25 in addition to other leadintFlßST PRIZES in 1901. Price 1/- per lb. ; 103/- ler cwt CARRIAGE PAID & 5 PER CENT. iDISCOUNT FOE EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb. FOR GRASSES, CLOVERS, TURNIPS, AND ALL OTHER RARE SEEDS, SEE OUR CATA- LOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION, GARTONS SEED EXPERTS AND GROWERS, WARRINGTON.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS curcE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CUBE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLA! CLENCH AND MIMI LBUEN, CUBE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTION.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE LOSS OF APPRTITE. CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF THE B T 00D, CURE LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNESs.

• DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBIIRT. 173, SHYMOUR PLACE, LONDON, W. Do not ba persuaded by anyone to buy any other rdedicine instead, but insist upon having the rigut tuin, whim/ s wrapped in square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

EVERYBODY GOES TO MILLER'S WHEN THEY REQUIRE MEDICINES. SICK ROOM REQUISITES AND TOILET ARTICLES, because they find the best stock and the best quality at prices below what is charged elsewhere for second. rate articles. DOCTORS SEND THEIR PATIENTS TO MILLER'S because they can rely upon THEIR PRESCRIPTIVES REING ACCURATELY DIS- PENSED WITH THIS VERY BERT MUMS ON • TAINABLE. mongilys FGIONDTtOhe Mb lest LE. tol of E . IN OUASI tExs YOODS and other things Baby requiries. THE PUBLIC COME TO MILLERS because they know that every effort is made to meet their individual wants and no trouble is too great so long as the customer goes away satisfied. MILLER, CHEMIST, id) BRIDGE STREET, NV ARRINGTON.

THE Warrington and 3111-Cheslaire Examiner, pub 1 Itched every Saturday morning. THE .Runeern Examine-, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. midi offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. 'THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widues;contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becomin9 n important centre of industry. THE Barlestown and Newton _Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday' afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED MoUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET MOUSES To BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 JOHN WALKER AND CO.

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST 15th. 1902

RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIErY LTD. THE ANNUAL EXCURSION WILL TAKE PLACE T MORECAMBE ON MONDAY Nsxr. AUGUST 18rn. Return Fare 3s. 3cl„ Children Halt Fare. Tickets may be had at any of the Society's Branchea or from the Committee. FOR TIMES OF STARTING /tn., SEE BILLS.

2/6 PER IM.PERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY, ALSO AT • 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6. 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS', WINE MRRCH ANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) KENRICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAVir STREET, LIVERPOOL. STYLE, FIT, AND REASONABLE CHARGE.

Horsemarket-street on Tuesday evening, and also with assaulting Police-Constable Philips and Plumb.—P 0 Phillips stated that he was on duty in Horsemarket-street, when be saw the prisoner with several others making a disturbance. He asked him to go away, and prisoner made use of bad language. He took him into *custody, whereupon he became very violent and struck him on the °sleet. P C's Plumb and Sankey came to his assistance, and they had to put the "snaps "on prisoner in order to get him to the Police Station. —Plumb said he went to the assistance of the last witness and the prisoner kicked him several times on the leg.— Prisoner, who made his 18th appearance. was fined 5s and costs for drunkenness, and 10s and costs for the assault.

: MAKE'S THE SKIN I . asSOFT as 45 1 -VELVET/ ig.t4tetlV:r.9ooool,c,,),„ oil ,L • ..,::::,1..,„.. ROUGHNESS,' P.fs RSDNESS,HEAT,I IRRITATION,TAN,and; KEEPS Te-IE SKIN I 0 SOFT, SMOOTH, and WHITE I I AL!. THZ YEA:2 ROUND. Deiichtfung COOLING & REFRESHING I J durin9 tbr summer / 1 IB ot tic s,C l(post Ire e,B cl ), 1/-,1/9,and4,6each.i M.BEETHAM E. SON,'Chelten.bant,;

1 , V 1 ,at Don't ..st g rda be -y k left Ip,-1 -•-• , behind . A FOR ONE OF THE Ladies' or Gent's CYCLES With Free Wheel & two Rim Brakes EWE' AT =Et E3s. oi\T I_l-Y- 10 MOIJ TO BEJ SOLD Call and Inspect our ROYAL CAMBRIAN, RALEIGH, ENFIELD and SWIFT CYCLES at greatly Reduced Prices. W. H. BELLIAN, 115 Sankey St. WARRINGTON.

CRICKET. GEO. G. HUSSEY & CO':3 famed Manufacturers Ineorn parable •• Demon Driver" Bats. Every requisite for Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. livery requisite for Lawn Tennis. Best value Croquet. Modest or Superb,High Grade Golf Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask local Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not procurable apply to 36 and 33, ;Queen Victoria-strent, London, Factories.— Peckham London and Elmssvell Suff.lik- (4).

, CAMBRIDCE gi ;II li n •-•' - -,, ( - _,--,- .-_, L----. —-- ...-....--41"........--- --,-. ' • -- A 'Ad."l-•••4't **•'l4l, PI" ----- - '• . _ Jo J• . . 411 . . A, *. am e,..., iotA, -....,r--:;-- - • ca---------- t,- PM.kZrc.tvw:.4 ..... nr-,—, - --,.,.---_ ___s) .....------- -------7.3 --- . --- -..- ..., :—........ -------- ... ....—---------------- ------ — i i -

LEMONADE

• • .•-; ----- - - - Mr, J. H. CARLIN / Street, Lemonade, I may say, s far n the best I have sold y a quite refreshing flavour, and s v, a horrid acid. A customer introduced it h within ThAe CAMBRIDGE LEMONADE is carefully prepared from selected Sicilian Lemons, and is guaranteedonstent constituents of f contain the slfiriong any added acid, or other ripe lurious ingredient. . 4 PURE AND WHOLESOME. The Lan.cel :—The materials are pure anal weeks, used f do e wholesome, being obtained from selected had used el. other Lemonade lemons. It possesses the pleasant aroma and -eorie:7;: could get, but Cambridge beats all." acid taste of the fresh cut lemon, and affords e refreshing and agreeable summer beverage. Isld. PER BOTTLE U/UFFICIENT TO MAKE TWO GALLONS DELICIOUS LEMONADE .. CIIIVERS & SONS,',LTD., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. Proprietors of the First 'English Fruit Growers' Jam Factory.

being locked out at Gibraltar. The statement that the dispute was at an end was untroe. He would be glad if those societi,s who were m tiring collections would forwa,cl them through the Trades and Labour Council. THE WORKERS ELE7,TION CO iJMI ['TEE. The SECRETARY furnished a brief report on ths work of the above-mentilae i committee. A su.lgestect code of rules had been drawn up and would be submitted for the guidance of dele!ates attending the conf irence to be held on Tueeday,September 161 e. It was now the duty of the Council to app 3111 G two dt3.oZ3te3 to attend the conference. After di=ca3sian, it was decided that the Chairman and Mr Plinitm‘atten I the conference on toLbalf of the Trades and Labour Council. NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS, Cricket Warrington were well on the way to victory again last Saturday, when Cheetham were the visitors to the Arpley ground—and compiled the respectable total of 161, four men getting well into double figures. IVar- rington made a gallant effort to score the required runs in a little over an hour and a half, but the task was too heavy, and they were 29 behind with five men out when stumps were drawn. Connor and Hawtin opened the home innings, but , the younger of the two batsmen -was soon dismissed for I three, but so well did E A Connor and Lynes bat after the fall of P B Hawtin's wicket that there seemed every likelihood of the locals gaining a victory. Runs came at an exceedingly fast rate, but at 70 Lynes was adjudicated leg before, and ten runs later Connor was caught from a mis-hit. WII Podmore hit out merrily, and the chances acra'n went in favour of the Warring- tonians, but with 6Podmore's and Briggs's dismissal at 114, steady play by B Silcock and Bibby was witnessed, the total being 132 at the close of play. Silcock was not out 15, and Bibby 13 not out. By the way Connor's 38 was the highest score in thei match, just beating W Parker's. 37 for Cheetham. Lynes 23, and Podmore 29, both played creditable inn- ings. The latter is having quite a successful season. The second elevens of the same clubs were engaged at Cheetham, where Warrington scored a capital vic- tory. Though they lost 6 wickets for 31 runs at the start, the total eventually reached 97 thanks to a hard hit 41 by the captain,' E Pierpoint who was credited with a six and three fours. Plinston tollowed up his captain's batting success by some really fine bowling and obtained nine of the wickets for 25 runs, the Cheet- ham total being 59, of which A Hawthorn compiled 31 not out. The other wicket fell to the fielders, White- head being run out. Plinston deserved to have secured tho whole ten—a by no means common occurrence , even in club cricket. -- Penketh endeavoured to " take in and do for" War- rington Wesleyans on Saturday but:were not quite equal to the task, the scores being 38 and 49, for the respec- tive teams. Innings of 15 and 13 by Evans and A. Highley went far toward securing the victory for the Wesleyans. No man reached , double figures on the home side. -- Another creditable performance has to be put to the credit of Sankey Wire Mills who decisively defeated Knotty Ash on their own ground. J. Evans took six wickets for seven runs on behalf of the wire-millers,who like the Australians, may lay full claim to the " Ashes" I (Knotty). Moore and Daresbury proved too strong for'Crosfield's men at Moore, compiling 100 to the latters 29. E. E. Woods of the Warrington club rattled up 20 and took four wickets for 11 runs, the Rev F. C. Smith scored 29 not out. T. Forster bowled well for the visitors, his average being four wickets for 11 runs. ---- " Married v. Single " was the title of a match organised by Messrs Fletcher Russell's office staff and played on the Grappenlaall ground. The single men compiled 37 against the !benedicts' 15, and the latter perforce, have to hide their diminished heads for a while. Does marria.ie improve one's batting ? is question they might be tempted to discuss. Rugby Football. The draw for the first round of the Cup Competition was carried out on Tuesday evening in Manchester with the result that Warrington visit St Helens and Runcorn are at home to Widnes. It was resolved, prior to the draw, that the clubs are arranged in districts, i.e 1, Cumberland ; 2, Furness district ; 3, Rest of Lanca- shire ; 4, West Yorks ; 5, East Yorks ; 6, Durham ; Warrington and the other South West Lancashire clubs figure in Section 3. The first round will be a "teaser " for many of the clubs and beside the local games above mentioned, Broughton Rangers and Oldham will meet at Wheater's Field. Batley, by the way, have their usual luck, Sowerby Bridge (away) being their destined victims. It is rather curious that the South-West Lancashire clubs should all come together in the first round—and not altogether fortunate—for the fate of two of them will soon be settled, which two the coming season's form will perhaps indicate. Runcorn and Warrington should be the professors but " one never knows." In recent years St Helens have proved rather easy victims for Warrington, who won there in a cup-tie not long ago. 'The success may be a happy augury. +Ow Good Templary at Warrington. The weekly meeting of the Temperance Mission Lodge of the I 0 G T was held on Wednesday even- ing in the Ebenezer Misson Room, Buttermarket- street. Bro F Merlin, CT. presided over a good attendance, visitors being present from Earlestown, Latchford, and Wrexham. Bro C J Sheath, Sec, gave a brief report of the meeting of No 1 Convention held at Runcorn last Saturday. Bro E Newman, DS J T, gave a short address on the Juvenile question and urged the lodge to try and form a temple in connection with the lodge. Sister Woods, C S J T, supported him and ultimate- ly the lodge decided to try and a strong Juvenile Executive Committee was formed. An interesting programme was arranged for next quarter and was ordered to be sent to the publishers of the Guide. The programme for the evening was "New officers responsible," and the following items were given : _Bro W Griffiths, cornet solo; Sister S L Sheath song, "Beautiful Isle of the sea"; Sister H E Wake. field recitation, "Is this a home ? " Sister Bowyer song, " The song that reached my heart " ; Bro A Egerton, mouth-organ solo: Sister G Hughes recitation, "Rover in Church " ; Bro C J Sheath song.' Rocked in the cradle of the deep ; " Bro F Merlin, reading; Sister F Millington ode, " May I come in"; Bro J Sheath humorous speech, 'Troubles of a Chinese Ambassador." The lodge was closed in ,due form by Bro Merlin, C T.

4: Loyk, - . • .4) ~........ S .:ol:' vit . • P'`,4P '• . :--•-•'. ''',."7, 4 t--, Q-. 6 ''''' ** 7,t,-;\• ci , • , . • o „ , BOOK-LOVERS' CIRCULATING LLEARY i With numerous branches throughout the country, has met with the greatest favour owing to the' , liberal manner in which customers requirements are studied. THERE IS NO LIMIT to the number of copies purchased of popnlo works, and members find the service rev/ different to the ordinary provincial library. A PROSPECTUS containing the low terms of subscription, an i the monthly list of the latest publications, Wl' be sent to any address on receipt of post carP, or may be obtained at BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, 5, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P. S. A. Society. The usual meeting of this Society was held on Say day afternoon. Mr B Farrar presided and spoke upon " Welker Brethren," and counselled his hearers t 3 " Watch and Pray." Mr Bithgate, of Liverpool. delivered an address on " The Fall of Man," referring to the forbidden tree not as a trial tree, but as a warning tree. He urged upon his hearers to note the weak pointe of their natures and avoid evil. Mr W H Payton, MO. Bac., played as an organ solo a Coronation March. the close, Mr Farrar referred to the crowning of tbe King and Queen on the previous day, and wished long life to their Majesties. Be expressed the hope that tbe King and Queen would inspire the nations of the earth with Christian principles. The members heartily joined in singing the National Anthem. Mr A Healey and 3if Downes also took part in the meeting. Padgate Wesleyan Church. The anniversary in connection with this church yrs° celebrated on Sunday. The Rev J W Butcher, chairman of the Scotland district, occupied the pulpit. In the morning special Coronation hymns were sung and tbe anthem " Send out Thy Light," was well rendered. I° the evening the choir gave the anthem, "Glory to Thee, ,my God, this night." In the afternoon Dr Bennett pre- sided over a musical service, given by the Apollo Mal,e Voice Choir, under the leadership of Mr T Brough. very interesting programme was given. The Rev J Butcher gave a short address to the children. By request the anthem given in the morning was repeated after the evening service. The collections amounted to £I3 135' The Rev, C. H. Hocken's Farewell. On Sunday morning the Rev C ET Hocken (who leaving the circuit for Derby) preached his fareavel„ sermon at the Wesleyan Chapel, Penketb. He thankeo the members and friends for the sympathy and kindial which bad been extended to him on all hands. Mr " Parker, on behalf of the society, wished the rev gentle, man "God speed in his new sphere of labour. 11 commemoration of the Coronatioo the pulpit was draPeo with the Union Jack. The congregation sang tA, National Anthem. The Rev C H Hocken will close In' ministry at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church tc-Morrovi (Sunday) evening, Shrewsbury Great Floral Fete. What is described as " the most magnifieell flower show ever seen in Great Britain " will be held at Shrewsbury on Wednesday and ThursdaYl August 20th and 21st, when the annual floral f will take place. A host of attractions will be Pr? 'Tided. Three bands have been'engaged, H.M. Royal Horse Guards (Blue), IJ.M. Coldatrearn Guards and MM. Royal Marines (Portsmouth) There will be sensational performances in ate grounds by expert artistes and other attractio° will include balloon ascents, a horse leaping COO petition,illuminations and fireworks. Special excar_ sion trains to Shrewsbury will be run from 00 district. of At Newmarket on Tuesday, Lydia Jennings, wife an artilleryman serving in South Africa, was comnyitte; for trial charged with the murder of her son Alfred,age' three, at Burwell, near Newmarket. The evidel showed that the accused was not in want, but waS fond of drink. The child was found lying dead on a b,e, with its throat cur, and the prisoner admitted havilry, committed the deed, adding that she was obliged to "" it, as she had not a friend in the world.

WRIGHT'S Protects from Infectious Diseases. COAL TAR SOAP IS THE ORIGINAL 6 ONLY GENUINE, a Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. If REFUSEIMITATIONS. coNAIt.

THE GREAT AUSTRALIAN REMEDY VITAD A TIO CHRONIC RHEUMATISM 01' 25 YEARS STINDING, CURED BY IT. Mount Pleasant, Newcastle, Staffs., Jan. 28th, 19M. Dear Sir,—Some time ago, after trying VITA- E ATIO for three weeks. I reported great improve- ment in my Rheumatism from which I had been suffering more or less for 25 years. Altogether I took the remedy for six weeks and am now EN- ITIIiFILY FREE from Rheumatism. I think this very remarkable considering my advanced age. Signed, E. WEST. VITADATIO is a tonic And cleanses the blood so that disease cannot exist in the healthy system. Previous to nay arrival in England VITAOATIO had been sent here from Australia. and some cures were effected. Copies of all testimonials received in England up to date will be sent to any address free, or may be Been on application to the Dead Office. VITADATIO can now be purcnasel from all CHEVISTS. GROCERS, AND DEALERS IN MEDICINES throughout Great Britain, at REPUTED QUARTS, 4s 6o; REPUTED PLINTS, 2e 91). READ OFFICES AND WAREHOUSE Fort GREAT BRITAIN S. A. PALMER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET (OPPOSITE JOHN NOBLE LTD.). MANCHESTER.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE Alai US T. :FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 iv, 7 40, 8 23, 10 20, 12 5, 15, 255 5 20,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Altzar and Hillhouse —7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,4 4 0, 6 15, a 7 15,85 a 9 25. Sundays 9 31.2 5,9 5. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L N.-W.; 42 58. b 3 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 18,25, 5 20, 7 20. 11 34. 'Sundays 2 58. 10 15, 45,11 35 aMondays excepted. bMondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51.19 58, 11 55,7,12 55, 37,5 22 6 55. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 4 20,5 15 p.m Blackburn —5 45. 8 35. 956, 11 42 br 15, 4 50.6 26,8 50. Sundays 843, a 3 35,5 0.4 via Preston b 2 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42, 41 15, 3•50, 4 50,6 26 7 17, 3 50, 9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 35,6 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. Bolton— 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 7 17, 920, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15, 853 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. al 15, 4 50,63 55. Sundays , 335,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays bSaturdays accepted. 1 Cheste:—.7 37, 8 17,9 2,10 23, 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2,20 19,4 22,57,6 4,7 44,10 14,11 35 Sundays 844,10 33.7,45,11 35, Collins Green-7 5. 88, 825. 10 10,127. 2 35,3 40,- 5 15, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe—g 2 58,63 23. 710. 828. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5 20,7 20. 1134. Sundays 288, 10 15,4 5.11 35. alloadays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37,92. 1225, 220. 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 10 14 Sundays 844, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5 51, 8 46,9 58. 1155,12 55, 3 13, 417 822,6 55, Sundays all 58 am,a 420 .515 p.m a atop when required Earlestoan-5 45, 75. 8 5,8 25,8 35, 925, 1013,1055, 11 55 12 7, 115,2 35,3 40 3 50, 5 15, .9 33,7 a " 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43,a.rn.5 10,6 0,7 57,9 54 pun Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25. 945 11 53,1 55 3 20,515,6 17. 7 41, 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 240. 8 0. 1 Frodsham-7 37. 9 2 1023. 1225, 220. 3 15. 4 22, 57, 6 4 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Canton (Cheshire Lines)-7 15. 757. 835.9 5. 10 512 0 1 15, 2 10. 4 0 529 75. 85, 69 51, dlO 35.11 39 Suniav 9, 985, 1122, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturclays only a 5 aturaaya exezpted. Glasgow-5 zn 57,11 42,11 55, al 15 450 9 55. Sundays 954 leaves 2 10 on Saturday. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 10S5. 1.1 55, 1. 15,3 50, 5 15 7 17 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 82. 8 31, 10 5. 12 0, 1 2 10,4 0,5 29 6 15,7 5, 715.8 0,9 25,b 9 40.a10 35, Sunday 9 0' 9,31,11 22,2 39. 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)—? 0,7 55, 82, 7 10,9 15 Sundays 8 45, 10 14, 3 15. 5 15. 9 35. Latchford—From Arpley Station-6 20, 722. 80, 8 35, 9 58, 1.0 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 ;23, 3 38. 4 11.5 13,6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, 927. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)--3 85, 5 I,a 5 256.1 75, 85,8 25 9 25,10 55, 127 2,35 3.40 5 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35. 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60. 9 54. From High Level Platform. ablondays excepted. badonlays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 SO, 825, 10 9 11 53, 155. 320,5 15, 617,7 41, 9 33. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 • Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 82, 95, 10 26. 120. 117, 2 10,2 21, 3 18, 40. 5 55,18 5. 9 11, 10 30111 2.0 1139. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 0, 9 55.11 22,2 0,2 39, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18 10 20, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London L. & 34. W. 3-2 586, a 3 23, 7 10, 8 23, 9 45,10 20, 1157. 1 5,2 0. 5 20, 11 34. sundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, bMondays excepted. ((Mondays only. London (23id1and)-5 51,8 46, 9 53, 11 37.12 55, 3 144, 5 22, 6 65, Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 205 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lymm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20,1 22,8 0.8 35, 9 0.9 55 10 49,12 36. 1 14, 42 23, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, 47 45. 927 Sundays 850, 3 8,8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 545. 7 5, 88, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 9 25,10 40,10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35. 3 32, 4 26 , 5 32, 6 43 7 17, 8 8,9 20. 1033. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60, 757 858 tom High Level Platform. ::,151anchester (From Arpley Station)— 6 17 7 22, 7 57, 832 94, 9 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 38. 411. 613. 78, 921. 11 40. Sunda7s 8 48, 3 8. 812,11 42 ; .0111anchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 82.8 55, 98. 955 10 55 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 1 55,2 55, 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 6 55, 7 10,7 55, 8 13, 8 5 5,9 15, 9 55, 410 2, all 15, bll 49, all 57. Sundays 8 45. 9 37, 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 55 9 25 9 35 10 0. a Saturdays only, &Saturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 40, 1020. 258. 835.7 20. No Sunday trains Moore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 Newton-le-Willows— 63 10. 5 45,7 8,8 5, 9 35.a9 19, 10 10 10 40, 10 55 11 55, 12 7,12 18.1 15, 2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 450, 5 15, 6 43,7 17 9 20. 9 55,10 30. Sundays 3 10, 7 40, 843 a in 3 35, 5 35,8 0,7 57 8 58,9 54a via Kenyon bMondays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, $2, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 5 28, 7 10, 8 13, 9 3.5: Sundays 8 45. 10 14, 7 44.8 15. 935 Preston-5 20. 5 45. 8 35, 9 55, D. 42, 11 55, bl 15, 350 4 50, 626 7 17, 850, 940 49 55. Sundays 8i43, 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. bleaves at 210 on Saturdays. Runcorn-7 30, 825, 945, 109. 1 55, 320, 515, 6 17. 7 41, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 82.9 5, 10 5, 11 5. 12 0 1 5 2 10,2 58, 40, 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 85, 9 25, 49 40 610 35, Sundays 90. 11 22, 2 39, 9 5, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, (C.L.0,) Sheffield (Midland) via Chlnley and Dnre Line-3 46 10 55 20, ca,k5,3 13,4 17. 6 55. Sundays 937 a in 5 15, a Tuesdays and Tharsdays only. St Helens—? 5, 85, 8 25. .0,10 55. all. 63, 12 7 al 55, 2 35 3 40. 5 15, 6 33, 7 8.7 40, 9 25. 10 30 Sundays 835.8 43 a 9 5. a 2 40. 6 o.eB 0, 9 54 a via Widnes Southport (Cheshirej Lines)-7 15, 8 31, 49 3), 11 2, 125 3 30, 4,0, 6336 15, 7lt ,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 9 5, a Saturday only. Thelwall—From Arpley Station. 6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 4,9 58 1049, 1233,1 14, 42 2.3,3 38, 411, 518, 613. 78, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812 a Saturdays only. 1 Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 98 lo 5, 115, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 529, 6 15, 75,8 5, 925, 49 40, 610 35. Sin- days 90, 9 31, 2 39, 918, 104 Saturday excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-)-7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 5 15,6 17, 7)40, 948. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 30. 1 Wigan— 520, 545. 75, 8 35, 956, 10.55.11 42,11 55, 115 42 10 2 59, 3 50,4 50, 5 15. 625.7 17.8 50, 9 40,9 85, Sundays 8 43, 3 35, 60. 9 54. aaaturdays only TO WARRINGTON FROM. Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 8 52. 1057, 120, 335, 4 45,7 20 33 Sundays 785,8 m 442 p m. 4.ltcar and Hillhouse-11 24, 12 44, 2 12. 4 2, 4 13, 5 55, 7 19, 8 24, 810 17, Sundays) 920, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays excepted. 131rmingh5m (L. &N. W.)-3 10,5 501'7 20 510, 12 25, 2 0 3 35 44 40 5 50,7 25.8undays 310, 12 43,7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 43. 2 23, 45,7 16,1034 1125. Sunday 415, am 40. 11 25 p.m. Blackburn-8 30.10 43. 12 30,1 55, 347, 750 a 9 5, 410 15, Sundays, 8 OA 2. 5 40, 49 13. a via Preston Blackpool (Talbot Road) —8 5, 8 45. 9 55, 10 40. 11 40 1 40 3 15, 5 23 7 0,100. Sundays 7 2, 1 35 5 12, 7 37. Blackpool (Central) —7 25, 8 25,8 57.10 0.10 21,11 25, 1 5 2 55,4 53 6 50, 8 15. Sundays 6 45. 115 4 57,8 45. Bolton-5 65, 640 7 55, 835, 9 10.10 25. 12 10, 25.4 15 5 10,5 55, 8 35,a 10 50. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 pan Saturdays only, Carlisle—al2s. 6 40, 8 30, 945. 12 58, 140, 4 22, a 53, 8 42,Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 1 50. 8 41,a‘ten lays I excepted. Il 6, 11. 31, 2 25. 315 415 Chester-7 25.8 45. 9 40. 10 12, 10 10, 11 40, 1 55, 2 IC), 3 0 3 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35.? 35,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 311,6 55 Colllns Green-6 39, 79. 8 42. 10 24. 11 23. 1 38, 38. 4 1. 538. 623. 6 36,7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 23811C4C05ra.e.°78eq-0-7,414585.98:,61n09.,601.300;387.u1n31d31ay:8.142555.8. 1503.. 82 4458.481.0 n, d9a v 213 8262,01110.2385 7 m P 2Dl3lea:rr:y'b--T14258, 9735. ,10 31, 1 12, 3 33, 4 47, 7 5 823 9 30, Sundays 1 25. 7 30, 6 22, 6 55. aExcvt Mondays. 1531,58. 4865,2,961350, 793435:8 81) 5 36 , 6 57, 8 31 .2ds;tp.esrry 3clPenketh —7 1.2, 8 55, 9 4 i,12 3. 2 9. 3 27 163.33,9 52,9 57,10 0.3 45.7 244 9 (turd ays oaly. n-6 638147. Earlestow a:214;4,1(16. Fiddler's 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 22.2 57. 62. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 28, 7 54, 90. a/ '..0,10 48 12 0 s uFnrLdvs has 8r 45-8. a 7. m 5.5,79210. p.m. 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 55 2 11. 3 2, 4 49. 56, 5 55, 61. 724 9 1 Sunday, 0, 9 10, 2 40. 3 9,4 40, 651. Glasgow-10 0,2 0.2 1, 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 550 9 5.r, m(lolborne—S 44. 8 26. 10 12, 12 27 2,41. 433 530 712 54. 9 9;10 42 Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough 811051undays 8 23,9 23, 3 239 96 10 3. 10 55. 1.9 1 33. 16! 03, Greet)—?s7al3., 5 7 438.: 9 4 9 10. Irle,m and Cadishead (Central) —7 35 9 03:10 50 4 59. 8 50 11 20 Sundays 1.0 59, 6 53, 8 50, 10 0. Latchford 8 14.8 409 20,10 2. 1.1 16, 1 20. al 45. 211 20, 3 0, 4 22. 65 41,6 7, 649.7 31.9 42. 1127. Sun lays 8 23 33,? 23. afiaturdays only. bSaturdays excepte Liverpool (via Itarlastown)—a2 55. 6 0.7 5). SO. 8 35.9 25 11 0, 15. 1 30, 30,4 SO 4 50. 5 35.'7 5,8 25. 511 13. Sunday 7 30,9 20. 630. «Mondays only. Haturdaya only, Via 'Widnes (L. & N.W.)-6 25, 3 10, 9 5, 9 33, 12 25, 125 235,335 4 20. 5 20,6 5,3 30. 10 45, Sundays las, 2 0. 715 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20, 7 10. 735.8 20. 8 30, 8 33 8 40 9 32 9 35 10 30. 11 15.11 20,11 10. 11 50 12 30. 1 0.1 .3J 1 33,1 55 2 30. 2503 50 30, 455 5 30.5 3,3. 6 35,7 30. 830 8 33 970,11 40 Sunortys 7 80.90. 2 30,250 4 20 6 30, 8 30,8 35 London (L &N 177)-5 15 7 10. 10 25 12 15, 2 15 4 1 530 120 Sundays 10 0,5 30, 120. Lonflon(Midlsddl-5 1.5.10 1), 12 31, 2 1 4 0. 1 55,5 30,5 45 9 15 1215. Sanears 3 15, 12 0. aexcept Mondays Lymm--8 7, 32, 9 14, 9 52. 11 8, 111, 5137 25, 25') 1 14,65 33,5 19, 6 41, 7 26, 9 33,11 19. Sundays 8 15 125 7 15 a Saturdays only bSaturdava eyle 'Manchester (L & 45, 85, '8 30, 9 5, 9 40 10 45 12 10,1 5, 1 35, 2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 6 0, 7 5, 3 0, 9 20, 10 40 Sundays, 8 0, 8 30, ',9 0,10 0, 60. 1.040 Manchester (London-road) —7 23.7 59,9 25,10 35. 11 451 5 2C, 3 40, b 5 5, 5 20, 65, 6 50, 855. 1.013 Sand ',Ts 730 14 630 taiaturdays excepted. aSatuni.ya only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720. 8 30, a 9 5, 933 938, 1030, 1035. 1130.12 39, 1280 1 3). 2 30, 330. 430. , 4 40, 5 30, 6 40, 6 38. 730 830, 8 35,1) 0, 11 0. Sunday 9109 5.930, 10 40.1 42. 20. a 5,8 35 d 33,9 40,4 Monday, Wednesdays and Saturdays only Middlewich-6 48, 239 66. 110 Sunday trains. Moore-6 55.96. 11 9.12 11,3 54.5 0.7 33.ana t tvs.B 119. 458 Newton-6 55.7 25.8 42, 9 8.9 29, 10 9.10 22,11 3, 12 40 1 53, 3 7,4 7,4 48 5 10, 535 5 49. 6 27, 7 30. 8 0,9 IS, 955 11 4, all a7,Sundaya 8 33. ?, 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 29 11 5 aSaturdays only Sankey-7 f',s, 3 23. 9 37, 10 23. 11 24,1?. 35,1 32 14) 2 40. 343, a 35, 5 21,5 31. 6 25, 723, 8 6 9 32. all 50 Sundays 8 .3-; 10 .3 37. 5 7,9 28. aSaturdays only Shefd,..l3-3 25, 11 5, 155, 5 5.6 55, a 8 35. Sundays, 3 10 6 10 Saturdays only. St/ Helens-5 20 655, 80. 8 23. 9 0,11 10, 11 21 125 1 45, 2 50.4 30, 5 25.6 10.5 55. 725. S 50 1333, al_ 21 saw-iv 7,509 35,6 55, 9 5.a Saturdays only Southport-8 5,8 55, 10 10,11 5,12 25. 151. 21 50. 3 55. 533 7 0.8 1.,40 5 100. Sundays, 9 0, 2 0,8 0, ctsnturd Lys only. Thetaall-8 10. 834, 918, 58, 1112 15, al 41. 29, 1 , 3F5, 4 22.85 37, 63. 6 45, 7 3), 937, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, • 9 29. 719. 08aturalays only, bSaturd (Ts excepted. Wigan-633. 8 15,9 26, 9 56, 10 0. 11 22, 14 is, 1 45, 230 1 427. 25, .53, 5 20.75, 90, 10 31..

An Early Warrington Ordination. The Record Society has recently published the first Ordination Book of the diocese of Chester (1542-1553), containing the names of the clergy ordained during this period and their " titles," which were generally nominations by local gentry. The volume is thus of much interest to the local historian, and it has also a bearing on the general history of a stormy period. Among the names of lspecial note may be mentioned those of two clergy who took opposite sides in the great struggle of toe time. James Pilkingtun, of Rivington, ordained acolyte and sub-deacon in September, 1543, became an extreme Protestant, fled the country in Mary's reign, and returning in the next was made Bishop I of Durham. James Bell,of Warrington,was ordained I priest in Lent, 1547 ; conformed, "against his con- science " as he afterwards owned,to the Elizabethan order, and served thus for 20 years ; then serious illness brought repentance, and the change being noticed he was executed in 1584 for his rejection of the Queen's spiritual supremacy. As an illustra- tion of this supremacy it may be stated that the titles of the lists in Henry Vlll.'s time usually state that the ordaining bishop was" lawfully empowed by the royal authority." Warrington P.S.A. Society. The weekly meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday. There was an excellent attendance. The Rev T Bishop, whose ministry in Warrington is drawing to a close paid his last visit, and gave a much appreciated address upon the P.S.A. motto: " Bear ye one another's burdens." A hearty welcome was accorded , Messrs Boyle and Dickinson, two members of the society who recently returned from South Africa With the Volunteer contingent. Another Prizefor the Borough Band. On Monday the Borough Band secured the Ist prize—Xls at the Rhos annual contest. A splendid performance of the test piece "Echoes of t'3e Alps " was given, which from its title should prove brim- ful of pretty effects. The fact that the contest took place in Wales adds all the more to the merit of the success for, musically speaking, they do things well in Wales. COMIERCYAL FAlLllRES.—According to" Benin's mer- cantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Pro- ceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the ' week ending August 9th, was 79. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 54, Ebowing an increase of 25, being a net decrease in 1902, to date, or 38.

Fon PILES, Itching, Blind or Bleeding. Nothing Cure so magically as Dr Richardson's remedy, rapid, reliable relieving pain and bearing down feeling. Post free is na., from 'fun LanonaToßY,Raby-street, Mancheste —Advt. FLOBILINE i—ro C THE TEETH AND BREATH.-- Thorongby cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, preve,nts tartar, stops decay. and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Flori[lns "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt VALUABLE DIE! ZOVERY FOR TILE 1-lAIR,—It your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we,II as promoting the growth. Price ~3s 8d per bottle.—Adet• To MOTNEIIB. MTN. Wins low's Soothing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relleve the toorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural nolet sleep, no, relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bight as a button." Of all Chemists Is lid per tottla. -Advt. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4e. 6d. each, of all Chemists and relent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company• Lincoln.— Ad

al is wonderful water proofer for a es,3enOsOTanSd p'lGreskierAvielsNihse leather S.Bcf 13 Pleasant odour allow whil- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWAIIDS. ,e! 77ns 2d.. 6,3., I,- 6.26 of Baal Makers, Sad,i'ers, Ironmongers &c. Manntactory East Euhach, I+ London.

BRADFORD'S LTNIVERSALLY APPROYDD LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHINERY Over 450 Gold & Silver Medals and First Prize Awards. NEW "Tains" WA.9IIING M•enist, 61./.. complete. "Vown" WASIIING WRINGING, "DIAPJRAGY* Cacaos. ANN Mucous.; Mscantes. BUTTER WoaKrus. LAUNDRY llcuristrits. DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cssh Terms. Catalogues Post Free. THOUS BRADFORD & CO.. 140.142, High Holborn, amdon; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron Works, Salford. •

PICTUIE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGSI linglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regi!ding 'a Speciality. Largest Stock o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Senci for PATTERN BOOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlargei to 160 pages. JUST PUBLISHED. ,With all New Patterns and Designs up to -date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application R. MOROI. 17 and 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—.• Rabbitry, London."

• e THE BEST FOOD I • Fort ...„...,, +I .)r INFAN ::. :1 OF ALL tik . AGES. ' ._._.. , Manufactured by 7/, 6i) '•%'- 1, 1 & 1 ' COPIE .1 ~..., 4,-„0,0:1; , ' ^-4,1'.," . , ------ / 1 ' )i % .144; v • \ Chemists to tile King, inF / 4,,,-.41.04- - '1 Tvcoofoß, ;, - :‘ . NEW BOND STREET, LONDON. ',.„;'.. - --sci.. _••• ..-• - , v. I •••••• --,-;' SA.oav .1 .... 4: 4, ....... Al - 41,311, ":.:Z:'-':::::•• '' ‘./P/11/0 - , •:---..---..- tIIM ''."‹. ----7-111111111.5 In Tins, 1/-, 2j-, 5/-, 101-, Everywhere. eir7-. ' --:—.' _ - -'' •m— .. .••

INSTANT ; RELIEF, ' INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ........,...D., IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE, 98,1Northumberiand-street, North-street, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901.1 Sir,—! have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed, cured me. I have not taken any for twc years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when I was taken with it again in the arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all any friends.—Yours sincerely,' two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to 181. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly ROBERT lk. H ARDIE. EADE'S GOUI PILLS .A.DE'S G OUTOPILLS Are‘perfectly safe in their action, eliminate:all injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, I eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. Soldleverywhere in bottles, le lid. and 2a 9d.. or sent Soldloverywhere in Bottles, le lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent poet free for stamps or P. 0. by the Proprietor GEORGE po s tt relleAf Do rEs,ta2m32p sGoormP. %ya d, ell t.teonpdroonp.rietor. lIEORIaBIEADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. ----- --.--- : b EADE S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS

• lOLangrEir Pia for -deS.rjJigJiS A FRENCH BEMBDP6 BUPHRSHDING IMRE APPLIL PIL COCHIACJAPHNNYROYAL, de. Prioe 46.6 d. post free. Obtalnableionly from MARTIN, tiIIEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

MERRYWEATHER_ ON Water Supplp to Countrp Mansions, hotels, and Public Euildings, 6c. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, W.O. WORKS: GREENWICH. LONOON.

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. per-aarl surrounded with inflammation and swollen,that when you press your linger on the inflamed part it 4eavas the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that detles all tbe remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover; lint ge on ,uffering till death releases you. Perhaps yonr knees are swollen, the joints beinitulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be du. coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if crowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and. had medical advice and been told your case is hopeleas. or advised to aubmitzo amputation; but do not, fort can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I Will. Because others kave failed. It is no reason I should. Sena at. once a Postal Order for its. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73; Parringdonatre et. London, and you will receive a or of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee,. Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Haack, and ions.iltegistered Copyright. I

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who hay received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture It cannot be to ohighly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have browht tt Night,and we can with the utmost confidence reoommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects arc marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles Is. 9d. and lls, each of all_Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRU COMPANY r.:XOLN. Beare "f worthless imitletions

•IT RECOMMENDS ITSELF • MAPPIN BROTHERS IN foESAT, CELEBRATED SHEFFIELD AAND _ID V PLATE POWDER . . MAPPIN BROTHERS' IN cessAT Ze..DePOLISHINGPASTE MAPPIN BROTHERS OXAr 6? KN I FETOWDE MADE FROM R EqIPES.y/HIC.H HAVLBED IN THE MAPPIN rAMILY FOR uPWARDsO HALF A CENTURY. TO BE HAD Ir‘RoM.ALL STORESAILMEkoirtgapt&4ORDRECT rk-crin MAPPIN BHur ay AD D axes eaQuEENVICTOir TRW, WWI:KEA

.00INTmENTo. CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF HE SKIN.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 5:3, Oxford Street), London.

THE WANT Or THE DA'S. MAKES STARVIIIID LINEN IJ:KB NSW. . rrHE GREATEn I ..1.. BOON ever o fared to tbc Laundress for Imparting an Ivory finish t o Starclaed Linen. Laces etc. es does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once tried always wanted. Used in the Boyal Laundries. oNbould be used In muse. Sold by most by Starch, Sellers in Packets, at and pd. Prepared only /T. Crarests.cr, Blackburn.

, c : ...-R ITCH L E 1 -- 1 1 . .... .... .. iY , . , ~.. 4.. .113.: . .... ... , .. A SIA R C. adLOSS°

[ to 4 _4...,.. ,_,w....,, . , , ~*--4.--..., ____ ~.

"J" BOOTS delight every wearer. Gent.'s Non-Tread-Over Tested Horse Skin fools, 106 Size, Shape Toe, and P.O. to Priee Lid r. JONES at SON, Pres. 693, Holloway Road. N.

3? MiNCIOWS. COFFEE ~,...„,..4-...,.. ._ .., 'ESSENCE 7,- _ _.._ a, _ ... ..,... .----,... il 5 ,IT-v rwe- vuzi 43 ..o.Z. •„ ;, . , i.f., .. 01, MI • 4...f1 Meo ..itiwi • .1. ' Mal tike;i3 twth0,..41 ir ' et* , . Pure Cann. OandoiLon Corm- Coffee &Chicon, A STIMULANT I A RESTORATIVE! A CORRECTIVE, vr REFUZE ALL OTHERS 110

SHAW'S GIFT This handsome BLOUSE In order to clear out remainder of a Bankrupt Stock of Costume Cloths, . ii... we will send a Tailor-made Costume Skirt in Navy or Black, for the small sum of 5/. 5/a, or two for 9m. Carriage paid on all Two for 9/6. /coo s, d and we will include with each Skirt, Carriage paid 4 s free of all charge, a handsome Silkette Blouse, with a 2-'I _ detachable col- ,, lar, equal in il i . II r ) appearance w ea r L if //, , , I /•, • . v,4/ mg twice as //Pie long. These Skirts are cut in the /f/ 0 very Latest Fashion. SEND AT 4 4 0 ONCE, in order tcrsoeure this great .... A ;11/6 '1 ' bargain, as after present stock Is ~ / 4 , exhausted this offer cannot be / ~/ repeated. e a ' ' Moneymturnedijnot 4 1* *,(O sat:lvied ADDRESS 4 '' ' // ” / ' /6 'a t v.,' SHAW i& CO., ,„, , -,,,,,,.., /' ”,,,,-- ' ' THE LORTON. TAILOR kv.ez.e; 6, Love Lane, Wood Street, London, EC.

Sinai 15311 have supplied the trade with '4. Gann-urn ilann.auns ERGLIMI Laval: EIGLISH Waxorma, made in my own factory with - the most up-to-date appliances, of Use beat Va‘ICHESAT material, by experienced workmen. To meet foreign competition I now intend to supply public area attg cost 1 will ' WHOLESALE imn,,„0,7,1.1,.-vih-„ On Tiv—Ted.e. 35/ . PRICES eolia !KIM Casco. aronometer Balance, lixtra Jewelled. Price 81/- caah. Warranted for Seven Years. With fait nee will last a lifetime. ITON,Wholeinde Watch ldenfactr., queen victoda m., cov.iir.

BIRD'S CUSTARD POWDER. BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable dietfor Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

PRELI H INARY NOTICE. THE Fißsr ANNUAL EISTEDDFOD WILL BE HELD os SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 29TH, 1932, IN PARR HALL, WARRINGTON, Competitors MALE VOICE CHOIRS. MIXED CHOIRS, CHILDREN'S CHOIRS, QUARTETS, DUETS, SOLOS. ETC.. ETC. PRELIMINARY SYLLARUS will be ready in a few days. For further particulars apply to THOMAS BROUGH.I29. R. W. COOK, 31, Selby-street j Warrington, HON. SECRETARIES.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PItIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments annecesearyaut may be arranged. rrEETH. All consultations free. TEETHBach patient infwormor:dretigeuf?rreetand the cost . T E ETH. Gold and other fillings at moAerate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attondsinsa. TEE TFI. P-in/ess EstotTacitiliotnrouase b(i)tpiedr:o by the aid TEET H. Maker to Dentists of 1,1,000;Eallons weekly. Exam of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM MR. AI[ADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... ..GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m, SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 pan, WARRINGTON ___...3a, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. EluccOßN, 31. BRIDGE-STREET _ _...- TcIURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTRWICH--18, APPLEMARKET-STREET' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

DEATHS. --- ROBERTA.—On August 204 at his residence 10, White-street, Warrington, Cyrus Roieerts, aged 65 years.

FRIARS ()RUBIN sr arringtors Opt 'mite Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTER-ROAD, (Late Esseribigh's.; S. T. WARD AND Ca, MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &c,, makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments. Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Graaite. Marble, and Stone, Deelens and Estlrnates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,
