===== 0002601_19020725_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.;( • q,

===== 0002601_19020725_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
I

(IKELAND.

A WEEK IN IRELAND FOR A WEEK-END FOR El 'NCI:I:DING BOAT (SALOON), BAIL AND HOTEL Ptb, CHLRGFB. LIST OF YOUR!±, DAYS AND HOURS OF DEPARTURIs, APPLY ro R. W. S. McALYINR, 37. IMPERIAL CHAMBERS, DALE-STRBET LIVERPOOL,

:

ii

===== 0002601_19020725_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
GARTON'S IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL Is THE BEST. Awarded a Champion Prize of £2.5 in addition to other leading FIRST PRIZES in 1901.

PriCe 1/- Per lb. ; 103/- er cwt.

CARRIAGE PAID & 5 PBS CENT. :DISCOUNT

YOB EARLY PAYMENT.

OTHER MANGELS from 54. per lb. FOR GRASSES, CLOVERS, TURNIPS, AND ALL °TRIM FARM SEEDS, SEE OUR OATA- LOGCS, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. / l_A ARTONS SEED EXPERTS AND GROWERS, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GUINEA GCLD

WEDDING RINGS.

73 13 r 5 UTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND nonsasAmx." THIS ESTABLISHMENT te OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 o'et.ocit FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVERPOOL. MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLES, &A ALL OTHER NIMSPAPER PERIODICALS. MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the Wsrrington Country Posta District eau be supplied by the first early post with MIT o the abeVe Newspapers by sending their orlerS to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT or JOHN ALLEN,

LATE OF CHADWICK'S, SCOTLAND-ROAD.

• • ••,".f.-

===== 0002601_19020725_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
W. HODGKINSON LTD. (TREAT CLEARANCE SALE, NOW PROCEEDING.

This is an excellent opportunity to purchase in all Departments. Owing to the inclement weather and other causes, a much larger stock than usual will be offered and must be cleared.

The stock is thoroughly fresh, and almost entirely of recent purchase.

SEVERAL THOUSAND YARDS OF COLOURED DRESs FABRICS

TO BE CLEARED.

ABOUT 5,000 YARDS OF HIGH CLASS COLOURED DRESS FABRICS.

SEVERAL THOUSAND YARDS OF CHOICE BLACK DRESS FABRICS. A LARGE NUMBER OF HANDSOME ROBE LENGTHS IN BLACKS AND coLous. 6,000 YARDS OF MUSLINS, ZEPHYRS AND OTHER WASHING MATERIALS.

ABOUT 1,000 YARDS OF BLACK AND COLOURED SILKS

A SPLENDID STCCE.

A tdAGNIFICENT STOCK OF FURS.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
A VERY LAROE STOCK OF

HIGH CLASS CO RSEIS. CAMBRIC AND LONGCLOTH, AND WOOLLEN UNDERCLOTHING, SILK, NOREEN, MUSLIN,AND MOIRETTE UNDER. SKIRTS. ABOUT 250 SILK, taUSLIN, ZEPHYR AND OTHER SLIPS. SHIRTS AND BLOUSES,

A SPLENDID LOT.

THOUSANDS OF YARDS OF HANDSOME

LACES, DRESS RIMMINGS REAL LACES. LACE COLLARS. UPWARDS OF 3,000 PAIRS OF HIGH CLASS GLOVES.

ABOUT 200 UMBRELLAS and BEAUTIFUL SUNSHADES TO BE CLEARED.

500 PAIRS OF LADIES AND CHILDREN'S HOSE.

A LARGE NUMBER OF FASHIONABLE RUFFLES. 70 DOZEN LADIES AND GENT'S HAND- KERCHIEFS TO CLEAR.

HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY.

A MAGNIFICENT STOCK TO BE SOLD.

500 WHITE, CREAM, SWISS AND OTHER CURTAINS. SEVERAL HUNDRED YARDS OF MADRAS AND OTHER MUSLINS AND NETS TO CLEAR.

3,000 YARDS FLANNELS, VIYELLIS, CEYLON FLANNELS.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
A MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF

TABLE DAMASK, &C., FANCY TEA CLOTBS, SIDEBOARD, AND FANCY LINENS.

250 PAIRS OF WHITE SCOURED AND GREY SHEETS.

A LARGE QUANTITY OF BLANKETS, WHITE AND COLOURED COUNTERPANES, TURKISH HUCKABACK AND OTHER TOWELS, PILLOW CASES, kc.

FURNISUING DEPARDISNT. A LARGE STOCK OF CARPETS. HEARTH RUGS. DOOR MATS, &c., TO CLEAR. BIRSS AND IRON BEDSTEtDS. DINING ROOM SUITES, WICKER FURNI- TURE, B ;MOO FURNITURI: OF ALL, RINDS, &c. A LARGE QUANTITY OF TAPESTRY, VELVET PILE AND OTHER TABLE COVERS, CUSHIONS, &c.

LINOLEUMS AND OILCLOTHS WILL BE LAID AND FITTED FREE OF • CHARGE DURING SALE. A LARGE NUMBER OF TRAVELLING TRUNKS. GLADSTONE RAGS, KIT AND BRIEF BAGS TO BE CLEARED.

34, 46 & 48, BRIDGE ST.,

WARRINGTON.

J. S. GARLAND,

SOLE ACIRRT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES

WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TrREEL FREE-wHEELB AND FRONT AND REAR wIIF.EL, RIM BRAKES AT THE ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BUST VALUE TEE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED. BOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES, FREE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS.

51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR MORE THAN 20 TEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS. HAVE HAJ A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION' AS A

BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are universally known to be the best Remedy for ARtemia, Debility, Depression. Weakness, and Female A [lntents. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere.

Boxes 9id, Is lid, 25 9, 45 61, auct Ils, or under cover from the Proprietor : 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON. W.

- ACCOUNT _BOOKS, &c. SPECIAL BOOKS MADE TO ORDER ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE CONSISTENT WITH SOUNDNESS. " EXAMINER " OFFICE. BE WSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

"'tM

===== 0002601_19020725_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
J. H. P ARBINS

(DEX2'IB2 ZIT RXIM.)

MANCHESTER- - MOSLEY-STREE

(Telephone 1660).

MR. 'VI-ADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS - ,7;.; --GEORGE-STREQT MONDAI , 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON ...3s, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET iil-11-51)AY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH_ 18, APPLKMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGEs ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

If lento. £150,000 (1.,,T, f Mortgage or Velitmita or ApleveaclneeLl sums to suit borrowers, In any part of the country.—j W READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182

MONEY.-210 To £soo.—?doney.—Clash advanced to el respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen, Shop- keepers and to all classes worthy of credit, In sumo varying from

£lO, £l5, £2O, .630, £4O, EA and upwards on written promise to repay, with or without sureties. To be repaid by Weekly, Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments, Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the CROWN ADVANCR CO., 6, Brown-street, Market-street, Manchester.

ESTABLISHED 1875. 21. 0 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced oil NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of rars I have bten estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING-STREET. HANLEY ; OR 13. NESVGATB-STEBBf. CHESTER.

£5, .£lO, .£2O, .£3O, .£lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMIARS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respeot• atle Householders. on their own security, without delay, on • your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. H. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER. JOHN E. GOODWIN. NB.—Establiabed at this address Twenty Years,

BY SPECIAL ACT OF PARLIAMENT. AIR. WOOLFE JACKSON, • 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Adranc Cash In Sums from

£5 TO £5OO To all respectable Householders. Farmers, Cow Keepers. and all others; any distance; to be repaid by easy payments to snit borrowers' convenience. Having done buainess in this (patriot for 10 years, which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conducted. Call or write for prospectus, which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving the trouble of a journey. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY From CO upwards—and payable by Instalments may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or Without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN.

PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since MO, and hal always coach:toted his business UNDER 1115 OWN HAMM. He has oonsistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has reeeived MANY IitINDRNDS OF LEITERS OF APPRECIATION AND TIIANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which. with ProsPeal's' terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter. to

GEORGE PAYNE; AccouNTANT) GouNTY PAL9.I4INR BuILDINGs, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. oB To :HE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHES TER

PAPE R AND BAGS, GROCENS' WINDOW BILLS,

TICKETS, TVVINES, STATIONERY.

S WEAVER,

3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

ntEsENTs OF EVERY DESCRIPTIOA USEFUL AND LASTING. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. CUTLER,Y, POCKET KNIV3S, ELECTRO- PLATE. TOYS. FANCY GOODS. BEST GOODS. REASONABLE PRICES. For Value cannot be equalled. 2D- IN EVERY 1/- SAVED TO YOU

- SAM N. GREEN, THE FISH MARKET. 'WARRINGTON. (For upwards of 18 years with sseiton's, Ltd.

LETTERPRESS PRINTING.

BOOKBINDING, &c. WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH. "EXAMINE' OFFICE, BEWBEY STREET, wARRINGTON.

SE

j 1

===== 0002601_19020725_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ,

===== 0002601_19020725_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
2 7 ONCE TRIED M 0 DOUG A.I,LIS PATS= SELF-7k ISIN6 FLOIJ 1 ALWAYS USED

THE FREE CHURCHES.

The agitation against the Education kill! shows no diminution in enthusiasm and deter- mination. The most crucial clauses of the Bill are those which deal with the management of voluntary schools. Free Churchmen insist that the representatives of the ratepayers should form the majority of the managers, while the Govesnment and the Church party are not willing to concede more than one-third. In- deed, the House of Laymen in the Province of Canterbury has passed a resolution deblaring that to go farther would make the Bill injurious to the interests of the Church. At the present moment it seems certain that if the Government persist they will find themselves faced early next year with a serious No-rate Campaign extending from the Tweed to Land's End. Many of the most eminent Free Churchmen, ministerial and lay, have publicly declared that they will never consent to pay rates for cleri- cally-managed schools. The National Free Church Council has followed the progress of the BM with the greatest vigilance, and the situation is now felt to be so serious that a special meet- ing of the General Committee is to be held im- _ mediately. In the ordinary course the Com- mittee would not meet until October.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR ALFRED THOMAS, M.P.

The best known Nonconformists among the recipients of Coronation honours are Sir Alfred Thomas, M.P., the Chairman of the Welsh Par- liamentary party, and Sir Horace B. Marshall, the well-known publisher. Sir Alfred Thomas regards his knighthood as a compliment to Wales, but it is also a marked and well-deserved compliment to himself. Sir Alfred, who is a native of Cardiff, and 62 years of age, is a Baptist, as his father was before him, and has been Chairman of the Welsh Baptist Union! He has done great things for many Welsh move- ments, particularly for the University of Wales. It is owing to him more than to any other man that the University College of South Wales is situated in Cardiff. Personally, Sir Alfred is genial and unassuming, very generous and very popular with all who know him. He is a bachelor. An interesting sketch of Sir Alfred, with portrait, appears in the Free Church Chronicle for August.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR HORACE MARSHALL.

Sir Horace Marshall, who is this year one of the Sheriffs of London, is a devoted Wesleyan- Meth&list, and the publisher of the Methodist Times. We believe that every year he returns his profits from that paper to the funds of the connexion. Sir Horace, though a very busy man, and the head of a great commercial house, has many literary and scholarly interests, and has recently received the degree of LL.D. from Trinity College, Dublin. It is well known that this Irish University is very discriminating in its distribution of honours.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. PARKER.

We are very pleased to hear that Dr. Parker is making good progress towards recovery. It will not surprise those who know Dr. Parker to learn that the chief difficulty of his medical adviser ia to persuade him to take complete rent. Dr. Parker is now allowed on fine days to leave his room, and to recline on a couch in his beautiful garden. Dr. Parker has always been very fond of the open air, and raany a great sermon has he meditated while in this garden-room, with, the vault of heaven for a roof. Dr. Parker's friends are hopeful that his voice will again be heard in the autumn from his beloved pulpit in the City Temple.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD SALISBURY AND NONCONFORMISTS.

The Prime Minister who has just retired though he Compelled the respect and admiration of 'Free Churchmen, never showed much know- ledge of Nonconformity, nor much sympathy with it. On one occasion he referred to Non- conformists as "people of a different religion" from Church people. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., was on one occasion a member of a deputation that waited upon Lord Salis- bury, and the Prime Minister referred to him as Mr. Hugh Hughes. It is not to be supposed for a moment that this was studied discourtesy; it was merely an exhibition of Lord Salisbury's defective acquaintance with the Free Churches. By-the-way, Mr. Hughes is much better and hopes to resume full work in the autumn.

THE REV. A. CONNELL'S MARRIAGE.

Much interest has been taken in all Presby- terian circles in the marriage of the Rev. Alexander Connell, 8.D., of Regent's-square Church, London, to Miss Jessie M. Robson, the only daughter of Mr. Henry Robson. Mr. Connell succeeded the well-known Evangelist, John McNeill, in the ministry of Regent's- square, and is exceedingly popular with his congregation. He is noted not only for his preaching ability, but for his attractive pre- sence and charming manners. Indeed, he has been described as the possessor of the finest manners in London. It is an open secret that a well-known lady novelist, a Scotswoman, has made him the hero of one of her stories. Mr. Robson, the father of the bride, is a stock- broker, a member of the firm of Renton Bros., and one of the richest men in the English Presbyterian Church. He once unsuccessfully contested Forfarshire in the Liberal interest. Mr. and Mrs. Connell are spending their honeymoon in Norway, Scotland, and Ireland.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN AND THE GIP.LS' GUILD,

About a hundred servants, members of ;the London Free Church Girls' Guilds, were enter- tained by her Majesty the Queen to tea. The entertainment took place at the beautiful house of Alderman Evan Spicer, J.P., L.C.C., in Dulwich. The Queen was unable to be present, but sent the Duchess of Portland to act in her stead. Her Grace won the hearts of all the girls by her charm and kindness. Mrs. Charlotte Benham, the organiser of the Girls' Guild, superintended the arrangements. The National Council paid the travelling expenses of the girls to and from Mr. Spicer's house. There are now 130 Guilds with 10,000 members.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. E. G. CANOE.

Rev. E. G. Gange, who is resigning the pasto- rate of Regent's-park Baptist Church, is an erudite and expert astronomer, and had an observatory erected on the roof of his house. There were, perhaps, more doctors in Mr. Gange's congregation than in any Noncon- formist church in the country. Quite a little group of them used to assemble in the vestry of a Sunday morning. -• aro"' -

illere Is

Security in

• Mu cm the toothheiui. aiery morning .

===== 0002601_19020725_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
IARTER'S

JriTLE IVER Small Pill. Small Dove. Lq Small Price

===== 0002601_19020725_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODONT

Will Sweeten Sin Breath all day, and make al! the difference bet

care Sick Headache, tween— Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Indi- Good Teeth .d Bad Teeth. sticn, Constipation, Dizziness. Whita Teeth and Yellow Teeth. fared Tonne. They Touch the Pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth Complete in Toilet 21E, be rare timor leo RIALVE.,...; Teo* kowdz.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUSTRATED FASHIONS.

Among the prettiest of the pretty materials offered for our selection this summer are the dainty silks for blouses or dresses which are further embellished by lace or transparent stripes. White with a black lace strite or rice versa are among the most popular and make up into very effective toilettes. Neither are they expensive. The same idea is also carried out in different kinds of cotton fabrics at, of course, a lesser degree of cost. For a matron or middle-aged woman a black sateen with stripes of twine- coloured lace made over a white foundation looks very smart indeed. Thin woollen materials are made in something of the same style, only the transparent stripe is generally made of silk threads woven into ten open, well defined pattern. Taffeta looks particularly well, and is very much in vogue both plain and with the popular lace stripe. A very charming design which is new this season, shows a narrow coloured silk stripe between wider graduated stripes of white open work. Louisine moire is also a fashionable novelty, as is velvet grenadine printed in all colours. British Bilks have had much demand In consequence of the wish expressed by the Queen that the ladies of her Court should patronise home-made materials when selecting dresses for the Coronation and the many other social events which this and every other season brings. Of course, most of the silks

===== 0002601_19020725_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Mirl7l. DUE:

are named after Her Majesty, a token, it is to be supposed, of the gratitude of the home manufac- turers. The useful dress sketched is of grey sateen spotted with black dots, trimmed with ecru face, a touch of colour being introduced by a chou 'of bright, yet pale green velvet. The hat which completes the costume is trimmed with green ribbon intermingled with that travesty in nature, a black rose, also an osprey, the straw itself being of a burnt tint. The dress should, to prove quite a success, be lined with pale green silk or sateen, with a' frill round the inside of the hem.

Lace seems only to 'increase in popularity as a finish to every article of the toilette with thE advance of time, and never, I suppose, were there so many varieties of lace in Vogue as this season In some of the country districts the lace industry has been started with great success, providing many women with a pleasant means of earning au honest livelihood all the year in their own homes. Devon has, of course, been long noted fen Honiton point and Honiton applique, but no% this industry has been started and has met with much success in Norfolk. The pretty coal sketched is of lace trimmed with a little chiffor to soften i. These lace coats are worn this season in various lengths, from the short bolerc to the long three-quarter coat. They imake e pretty and at the same time a cool wrap fos smmmer days, and often give a finish to a gown

:ETTY COAT.

which it would otherwise lack. Irish guipure is one of the most fashionable and popular laces. but imitations of antique needlepoint laces and combinations of two or three different laces produce a beautiful whole and are much in vogue. The indented Alencon lace is much in favour, and is made in very beautiful and striking patterns. Medallion designs are a leading feature in the novelties, both square and round medallions being often combined. A very charming and chic trimming for a summer gown just introduced this season consists of Irish guipure motifs between oblong pieces of embroidered white glace. Two shades of lace are in great variety—ecru and white—Paris and ivory, and so on. The most gorgeous trimming of a mingled variety that I have seen consisted of Irish guipure edged with ecru. arranged as a sort of frame to medallions of white satin embroidered in Watteau figures in coloured silks. The effect was lovely, but the price per yard placed it quite out of reach of most people. Tinsel and silk embroidery in Oriental colourings are frequently introduced in a white or ecru guipure galon.

The charming hat illustrated is trimmed with cherries, but a black bird is substituted in place of the usual bow of black velvet ribbon, of which we are now somewhat wearied. The hat itself is of a golden Tuscan straw, and the com- bination of colours is one most pleasing to the eye. The wearing of birds of large dimension

4ie a feature of the millinery of the moment, and Paradise sweeping plumes are often to be seen in spite of the outcry made against them by some people. Among the new straws the Chrysanthe- mum," the " Astracan " and the "Frisette " are all pretty, and lend themselves to the styles now in rogue. As a trimming, this is essentially a fruit on, but among the flowers most popular are :he pompon roses, which appear everywhere, and ire for the most part arranged in little wreaths. These wreaths are considered very modish and some- times two are worn, one running into the other and interlacing. COQUETTE.

'•:.• 44' , P4l.4ri '''• "I 'I rive% it, yi , •• • .... . * '?' • ..../. lif //I i / •;,..•-•.! 141, . ~ 4-.l' p. ' s -\ ,• 4 ' ```` - E ... . . _ !'..4,,,. • -. . • T-rie ' . • •• '• —1 ,-„, •-.. : • .; i'V., A " . •;',,i 14 •-1.: • 1 -• . • • • •\\. • - : , A VS" -.-,..

1 , et.......,w_ ,v, a, , i cfr .9). ..-- Aii 70' • ', -- k:,• "1' • . sZt , . ; '.„ •• .4„.. V', w vrelO'N, iii ' - •AP-N.• ii ...rjrl \ Ott 's'lfeto ' •s! tt. \ \ \ li fli A PR

% or_ _ j ,000, • 41111"11116—-aL .0k41:604.1;24°-;741111,:#44;.7 -A0,,r11; '41,_111 kl-0 F• y A SNIART HAT.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

At one time women were eligible to be Knights of thli 1 Garter, and as Edward 111, founded the Order in 1349, so it VMS hoeed that King Edward VII. might restore its ancient privileges to the fair sex, outside of the Court. The modern woman with her abilities and inde- pendence, has advanced so rapidly in many distinctions, that it is sometimes forgotten tbet she has lost any, but at least down to the reign of EdirardVl.tbere were Lady Knights if the Gaiter. These included among-t others, the Countestes of Buckieghane, Pembroke, Salisbury, Derby, Arundel, Warwick, Pembroke, and Richmond Charles I. proposed to restore the privileges to women, and similar proposals have been made subsequently, but they bays all come te nothing. Our late Quote). as Sovereign of the Order,ueed frequently to wear the stet and riband on State occasions, and Queen Alexandra is now the only Lady Knight of the Garter. The King's illness has not only made his Majests much thinner, but the serious nature of the operation, and the shock to the system, will in all probability Ie&VA a permanent impression upon the countenance. It is all but inevitable that these traces will remain even though as seems very likely, the King may enjoy better health than be has dome for yearieas soon as his strength is restored. Noels it surprising that ou: ever youthful Queen Should show some evidence of the great strain and anxiety she has undergone. It must also he remembered that her MajB9to public life has been more strenuous that it was when she was Princess of Wales. There is the greater pomp, and splendour, and ceremonial, but if her Majesty could have her way, she would infinitely prefer the quiet life she used to lead at Sandringham. Mr Balfour is one of those confirmed bachelors whom the gossips long since gave up in despair. They used, in years gone by, to link his name with that of an un- married lady, but as nothing ever came of it, they gave up this unprofitable speculation. It was the same with the late Mr Cecil Rhodes, though he was supposed to be indifferent to women's society, and no one took seriously the suggestions that be thought of marrying. The same suspicion hangs over Lord Kitchener, who, from a social standpoint, is, and is likely to he, a much sought-after guest, in the highest ranks of society. Hitherto ths gossips have mot taken any grave liberties with his name, but present temptations are not unlikely to prove Itoo much for them, As also in the came of Mr halftime Both these able and distinguished men come from marry- ing families, and this is something to go upon, as the Premier is the only bachelor in his family, and Lord Kitchener's father and grandfather were both twice married. ileThe spell of beautiful summer weather has been wel- come to the drapers, as there is nothing like sunshine for encouraging shopping and tradespeople have only the ready-money customer to look to, at this season of the year. The clearance sales have been crowded with costomere, and there has been a huge demand for muslin and linen gowns, and light summer milinery. It is astonishing to note at these sales, how many well-to-de women dress themselves on the ready-made principle. Instead:of buying lengths of material and handing them over to the—frequently—ineonspetent dressmaker, it is bscotning more and more the custom to buy the costume complete and the demand for the well-cut ready-mado skirt and bolero, is now almost as great as for Has universal blouse. At the larger establishments there it usually a wide choice of many styles and designs, and even if one is not quite "stock size," the purchases ea* be adapted to any figure, if not quite as perfectly as if "made ti erder." Some idea of the exharbitant charges of fathienable dressmakers may he gathered from a recent law snit in Pane. A woman of rank who had spent about £12,000 or £13,000 at her dressmakers, during the past two or three years, asked for a reduction of £5OO on the score of exeersive charges. This request was refused,end the case was takeu into Court, where it was shown that as much as £4 Sr £5 had been charged for simply sewing on a button,and two etr three times this amount far trifling alterations which a working dressmaker could do in an hour. Tradespeople are net to be blamed for asking as much as they can get, but one can only mare,' that women of wealth and fashion can find no better use fcr their money, than wasting it in this manner. Vanity almort surpasses itself in the latest style of bathing cap. Muob that is said and written about the extravagance of style ins bathing costume that ie neves meant tube wetted, is, of course, sheer nonsense, but it is scarcely surprising that this should be the case when one considers what saerifices we make to put appear- sacs mat, and usefalcsse second. However, in the row bathing cap an effort is made to combine the taco, as it is effectually waterproof, ard also covered with heir, which is guaranteed not to go out of curl in the water. Everyone knows what a very unattractive appearance the lady swimmer presents with her head covered up in a bladder-like cap, but the new waterproef wigs may be bad in all shades of hair, so that the purchaser may even improve upon her Own natural style et beauty. Seaside and country drets for tiny boys and girls, consisting as usual, of linen or serge tunics, and coats and more or less fancy blouses, but instead of the one time favourite cap, light straws—ttimmed with a simple band of ribbon—that shade the eyes, are being worn by these little folk. Of course there is the wind to be reckoned with, but even so the present style is unques- tionably the wiser. Sandals are in great request, and they can now be had in more comfortable styles and shapee. But the ordinary sandshoes are just as well, and it may be doubted whetter there is any virtue in the sandals, beyone the faot that they save something in socks and stockings, and in the washing bill. Some people like to take their holidays in the country, where beautiful scenery is more generally found than at the seaside, but the majority are apt to feel that they have not had a holiday at all if they have pot been to the sea. The restorative power of sea air is evidently recognised by the King Slid his medical advisers, and if the Solent had been specially- made for the purpose it could scarcely have been more admirably suited then it is for restoring a convalescent in the early stages of his recovery. The sea there is rarely sufficiently rou hto affect the moat indifferent sailor, but there is ealueh wind to make a voyage delightfully exhilarating, and a good many people think that when the tunnel under the Solent is completed, the passeneers will miss the best part of the journey to the Isle of Wight. Tbat the pollen from the flowering grasses and other blossoms is injurious to health is uneoubted, as witness that common scourge of the summer, hay fever, but the old belief that the smell of the white rose brings an ill- ness is only a superstition. Nevertheless the idea still xists in many country districts, as it has done for hundreds of years, that whilst the odour of the red rose is beneficial, that of the white role is injurious There is however, a reality about hay fever,even though i Ike name is a misnomer, seeing that the complaint s always teken from the growing grasses, and not from the dried hay. Hay fever, which is so common amongst children and even adults, at this time of the year is usually lightly spoken of by those who know nothing about it but it is really quite as much an afile- tion as an attack of influerza. _ .

MADGE.

PROOF IS PLENTIFUL—P.ITO evidence is forthcoming every day that Dr Williams' pink pills fcr pale people are continuing to make many additions to the long list of marvellous cures already effected. A reonnt instance has occurred in War.ington, the details of which are I published elsewhere in this issue. Dr Williams' pink pills are praised by all classes of people for the way in which they have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica ; also all diseases arising from the impoverishment of the bloodocrofula,rickets,chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, arsemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness,loss of appstite,palpitations,paine in the back, nervous headache, and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by chemists, and he Dr Williams' tdediciea Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C.. at 2s 9d box,or six boxes for 13s 9d. Pink Pills sold loose or from jars are not Dr Williams' pink pill! ; accept them only in the pink c'oeel wrapper above described.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPEN HALL.

Tim PRIMROSE LEAGOE.—The Grappenhall Habitation of the Primrose League, together with that at Stockton Heath, had their annual lots and tea on Saturday at Grappenhall Hers, the residence of the Ruling Cour- cillor, Mr J Charlton Parr. Amusements in the shape of sports, fishing and dancing were indulged in. The weather was dull and threatening at times, hut, though I,,cking the warmth of July,it managed to keep fine. A large number of members at down to tea. Warrington Pioneer. (late St Paul's) band supplied the music, playing selections daring the afternoon and, in the evening, for dancing. Tim CORONATION.-0a Monday evenin,2 a meeting of tte Coronation Festivities Committee was held in the school. The chief business was the presentation of a balance sheet in connection with the sports, &e., held on the 26th June 'The treasurer's statement showed that a sum of nearly £2O still remains in hand. A meeting is called for next Monday to decide what shall be eicse with the balance.

CCMMERCIAL FAILIIIIES.—According to " Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette," the number of new Bankruptcy pro- ceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending July 19tb, was 74. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 85. showing a de- crease of 11, being a net decrease in 1902, to date, of 84. DVaricus estimates (says the New York correspondent of the " Daily Telegraph ") are made of the wealth of the late Mr John W. Mackay, but none are authoritative and the interests of the last of the Bonanza kings were so wide and diverse that the difficulty of computation is evident. Guesses such as they are range from 50,000,000 to 80,000,000 dollarP. A verdict of wilful murder was returned by a coroner's jury on Tuesday against a labourer named George Charman, of Crawley, Sussex, who is alleged to have thrown his three-year-old daughter into a pond and drowned her. The man is supposed to have been insane at the:time.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TI-IF EXA,

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

WILMAY,

BY BARRY PAIN.

PART IV. -CRAPTER X.

"I am afraid," said Charles Forland, nervously, "that you must find my presence a little em- barrassing." "Not at all," I lied, civilly. "I should like to assure you that I have no feelings of resentment against you whatever. It is not your fault that my poor brother-in-law gave you a position—the position of Wilmay's guardian —which should have been mine. With all hie kindness to me he misunderstood me, and I gather from his solicitor's, whom I have just left, that at the last he did not even mention my name in his will."

"I happen to know that he believed you to be dead." _

"Yes, I daresay it was my fault." He spoke with more confidence now. His manner was by no means bad. He was not quite the suave hypocrite that I had expected; indeed, he showed one or two touches of cynicism that rather amused me. "However, I, his brother-in-law, re ;eived nothing; you, a stranger, benefited considerably.° "Did the solicitors tell you that ? " "Do solicitors ever tell you anything that you want to know? A man, -however, does not make you tha guardian of his child, and--" "There is no mystery about it. If you want to know, Philip left me his library and his cellar. I'm sorry it should annoy you." "But, Mr. Derrimer, it does not annoy me. I have been trying to explain that, though under the circumstances I might feel resentment, I feel none. In fact it is to you, as Wilmay's guardian, that I come first. I might have gone to Wilthay or fir Vincent—of course I have read in the papers of the impending marriage—but I -went to Philip's solicitors and, learning from them that you were WiLay.'s guardian, decided to apply to you first."

"What have you been doing all the time that you were away ? ' "I cannot tell you all the details, Shortly after I last saw Philip—it was an occasion on which he had very much exasperated me—l left England for America. I had resolved not to permit Vhilip to advance any more money for the purposes of speculative business of my own, which hitherto had been unremunerative, but still contained great promises. I resolved to adopt a quite different course. I said to myself that I would now make a fortune for myself and for no one else, and leave Philip out of it. As I say, at the time I was exasperated against Philip." As I have said, the man was not exactly a hypo- rite; be was a swindler who began by deceiving himse t.

"Did you ever eat a Compactum Dinner?" he asked, "No. I don't understand."

"It was a novelty in canned goods. A tin with four compartments--soup in the first, fish in the second, roast meat in tin§ third, and vegetables in the last. A Compactum Dinner, sufficient for one person, could at one time have been purchased in London for a shilling." "No doubt," I said, " it was very good, but what's it got to do with it?" "Good? It was bad. I may say that it was damned bad. And I ought to know, for I invented it, manufactured it, exported it, made a fortune over it, went bankrupt over it, and was finally brought so low that I once tried to eat it. And in that sentence I've given you the history of three years. My next bankruptcy was three years later, and very unexpected. My third—" "Never mind," I said, drearily, "going into all the bankruptcies." "I merely wanted to show you that I did work and struggle, whatever Philip said of my idleness. Philip also said that I should die of drink, and in a moment of irritation expressed the hope that I would do it soon. I must show you that his version of my character was not the right one. I have my self-respect." "All right," I said, "I see that you don't drink now, Mr. Forland. But had we better not come to business? Why have you applied to me?" "Because I thought it possible that you might not wish me to apply to Wilmay or Sir. 'Vincent." "Shall I speak quite plainly?" • "Certainly." "I should prefer that you never saw either, and never communicated with either in any way." "Yes," he said, "you have spoken plainly, and I will speak as plainly. I have no recollection of Wilmay, and I have never seen Sir Vincent Carrone. As far as my affection for them is con- cerned, it does not matter one straw to me if I never see either, and they are left in ignorance of my existence. It is on a point of principle that I should see them. I feel myself a debtor to them; it is my duty, and I feel it to be my duty, to repay them every penny of the money that my sister and Philip advanced to me. I have kept a note of the exact sum, six thousand five hundred pounds, and I wish to repay it." For the moment I was very much surprised, but it was only for the moment. " I need not say that I have not the money," he went on. "But they can very well afford to advance me the thousand that will enable me to get that and much more. lam her mother's bro- ther, and her father was exceedingly kind to me until an unfortunate misunderstanding. I have a claim."

"Look here," I said, "you have told me you once made a fortune. Why didn't you repay then?" "I was on the point of doing so. But I was extending my business at the time. Extend a business too far, and it breaks—er—like—elastic. Mine broke." I walked up and down the room. For Wi lm ay's sake I had to get this man out of England. I would speak to Sir Vincent about him, because I knew he would take a common-sense view of the case, and because it seemed unfair not to tell him. But I wanted to keep Forlancl away from Wilmay, and not to let the relationship become publicly known. "Where would you go if you had money ?" I asked. " Coolgardie," he replied, without the least hesi- tation. " Well," I said, "I'm glad you came to me. Wilmay has no power at present to give you the money. Sir Vincent wouldn't give you it. I can and I will. lam going to write a cheque for two hundred, and I will pay the balance of eight hundred pounds to you in instalments of one hundred every three months. Should you, during that period, at any time return to England, or communicate in any way with Wilmay or Sir Vincent Carrone, the remainder due to you will be stopped." He said that he was reluctant to take money from me, as he felt that on me personally he had no claim whatever. He hoped that I would regard it as an investment—simply as an investment. In short, he accepted the arrangement, and pocketed the cheque. "And now," he said, "you must dine with me." For the fun of the thing, I did dine with him, and I have never been better entertained. He told stories about himself, and I have no doubt that he lied, but he lied most amusingly. He kept a glas-7. of wine by his side at dinner, but he never touched it, and drank only water. A few days afterwards I had the pleasure of seeing him off. "Pardon me," he said at the last moment, "but I know you better now, and I want to ask you something. You have heard Philip speak of me, apparently—you have now had an opportunity of judging for yourself. Do you think lam a dammed blackguard ? ' I replied that we were all the creatures of circum- stances. He sighed, and seemed dissatisfied. To Sir Vincent I merely said that Wilmay, though she did not know it, had an uncle Who was a bad lot. "So've I," he answered. "Everybody's got a bad egg of a relation somewhere." " Well," I said, " this particular egg is on its way to Coolgardie at present. Its favourite pas- times are borrowing money, and occasionally entering on some weird business and going bank- rupt. If it should ever apply to you, I want you to do nothing until you have consulted me." "Very well, as you like. But as I say, couldn't one do anything for the poor beggar?" "Very good of you, but it's really not necessary. At present he's provided for. I mentioned it, because it was the particular wish of her father that Wilmay should never see this man or know of his existence. She is sensitive—it would humiliate and distress her. I thought a word to you—" "Of course. Much obliged to you. The world's too bad for Wilmay anyhow, and the less she knows of the badness the better."

===== 0002601_19020725_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XI.

It was about a week before this conversation took place that I saw Wilmay for.the first time (with the exception of that momentary glimpse in the park) since my return to England. It was at Bertha's house in the morning. I had sent word that I was coming, and I found them both in the morning-room. Bertha looked very young and quite pretty, and greeted me with much sisterly effusiveness. Wilmay took my hand, and looked away from me, and said, "Edward, I am so glad —so glad that you have come back." As we talked I watched Wilmay. The glimpse that I had had of her in the park had been decep- tive. Driving in the fresh wind must have brought the colour to her cheeks, and I suppose even if one is sad at heart one still laughs passably well in public if one's companion says an amusing thing: Now she was very pale, and when she was not talking or conscious that anyone was looking at her, her expression was Wistful and her eyes seemed fixed on something far away. "Wilmay," I said, "are you really quite well?" "Oh, quite!" "There is nothing the matter with her," said Bertha, "but she is tir6d. She has to go about so much, and see so many people. There are Carrones innumerable, all anxious to inspect her." "If she's quite well," I said, "she doesn't look it. And unless she can manage to look it, she shan't be married at all." "Please do not let us talk about me any more," said Wilmay. "I want to know all about the opera. We've heard it, of course. Everybody's heard of it, and everybody's talking of it. But I want to hear the history of it." "And I'm sick to death of the opera," I replied, "and I want to hear the history of your engage- ..

ment." But on that point Wilmay was absolutely mute, and let Bertha answer for her. As the days went on, and I s w more of Wilmay, I grew more uneasy. She admired Sir Vincent and was fond of him in a way, but it did not strike me that she was in love with him. Sometimes I thought I saw a doubt on his honest, handsome face. Sometimes even Bertha herself would look a little anxious when she spoke of Wilmay.

The time sped—flew, iti seemed to nie—mors Flinty to catastrophe, as a moth to a name. it was Less than a week before the day fixed for the mar- riage that I got a note from Wilmay in the after- noon . " DEAR EDWARD,—We were to have dined with Lady Harstonto-night, but Lady Harston has been the angel to have one of her neuralgic attacks (poor dear!) and put everyone off. We have a night's peace. Bertha and you and I dine together here, and you play to us afterwards. You will, won't you? Not even Vincent will be here. We are quite alone, and we both want to see you. Do be good to your loving Bertha and \Varney." I went, of course. When I got into the drawing. room I noticed that the piano was no longer used like the back yard of a curiosity-shop, but was allowed to be merely a piano. "No," said Bertha, "you needn't give me the credit or the discredit of it. That's Wilmay. I suppose when you've written great operas you expect that kind of homage?" I have not written great operas, but I have a tiresome and offensive sister: which sounds like 011endorf, but is only the gospel truth. Wilmay, lam indebted to you. I will talk to you, to the entire exclusion of that elderly female at whose house you board." "Oh, do stop ! " cried Bertha. "You shouldn't say. things like that to anyone with any-imagina- tion. I feel as if I lived in Bloomsbury and charged extra for the boots. I feel old, and dishonest, and haggard." Do you," I said. "Well, we realise the truth about ourselves sooner or later."

"Very well," Bertha retorted, and order Mr. Derrimer's carriage." "Mr. Derrimer came in a cab, I replied, "and he will not go until he has had • dinner, anyhow. And, by the w9,y—" Carter opened the door, I gave my arm to Wilmay, and we passed into the dining-room. We were all three in a state of pleasant but foolish high spirits. Wilmay was particularly audacious; her eyes were very bright, and her colour a little feverish. She told us a beautiful story of how she had really composed that opera, but I had stolen it, and she had never exposed me in order to save me the pain of knowing that I had for my ward a girl whose guardian was a thief. But all through dinner she never made the least allusion to her approach- ing marriage, and when Bertha spoke of it Wilmay changed the subject. After dinner I went to the piano. The evening of Wilmay's sixteenth birthday came back to my mind. She was wearing the string of little pearls that I had given her then. At first, I looked at her from time to time as I played. She sat half in shadow, her lips a little parted, her eyes fixed. There had always been something of another world about her, and to-night as she sat listening to the music she seemed more than ever ethereal, spiritual. Her marriage turned to an insult, a tragedy, in my mind. I took my eyes from her, and became lost in the music. I was playing the Chopin nocturne that I had played on the night of her birthday. Suddenly I heard a rustling of dresses. The door opened, and closed again quickly. I stopped playing and looked up. Bertha and Wilmay had gone, and I was alone in the room. An indefinable sense of horror and pain came over me. I was glad when a minute or so later Bertha came back again. She looked troubled. "What is the matter ? " I asked. "What hak happened '3" Did you not see?" No.)

"I shall ring

" Wilmay began to cry, and got up. I went out with her, and I've left her upstairs. She told to come down again." "Is she still crying ? " "Yes, she is lying on her bed and sobbing violently. She does not seem able to tell me what" the matter with her. Indeed, she say's that noth ing's the matter." • " There must be some explanation." "She is in a nervous, over-wrought state, and music always has a great effect upon her. But I do not understand it myself. I have never seen her lose her self-control like this before. And thought that at dinner she seemed unusually bright and happy." "Is anyone with her now?" "Yes, I think Mrs. Blayd is there." Bertha sighed. "Oh, this is horrible 1" she exclaimed, petulantly. • There was a long pause. Bertha sat with her head on her hand. I paced the room, and then stopped. Before I could speak Bertha burst out—. "I know what you're going to say, Edward, I know what you're going to say." "Very likely," I replied, ." but I shall say it. Wilmay's marriage must not take place. She is not in love with Vincent. You must break it off. There is time yet, and you or I must do it." "I don't know whether it will surprise you, but

since your return, only a few days'ago, I asked Wilmay if she would like me to break it off. She said most emphatically that she would not hear .of it, that she had considered everything when she accepted. She even asked me not to speak of it again. But to-night, just now when I took her upstairs, I did hint at it. She would only say, No ! no!' and once, Why must I make people unhappy ? ' It's not my fault, is it? lam so fond of Wilmay." Bertha looked at me with tears in her eyes. "No," I said, " you need not blame yourself. I am glad you suggested it. Now we can do noth- ing—she is no longer a child, and she must make her own choice. But somehow I can't bring myself to think that this marriage is really going to take place." It 'levee did take place. On the morning before the day, I received a note from Bertha asking me to come round at once. I found Bertha looking white and ill, with a letter in her hands. "Wilmay has gone," she said at once. "Gone?" " Yes, left London. Thank heaven, she has Mrs. Blayd with her. She went early this morn- ing before I was up, and this note was brought to me."

I took the note and glanced through it. "In the night, Bertha, I found that I could not do it. I had to go away. I got up and found Mrs. Blayd, and talked to her, and shall leave London early this morning. I have written to Vincent. And I will write to you again, when I know where we shall be. Will you please let me be quite alone for some time? Oh, dear Bertha, Ido love you so much. Do, do forgive me! As soon as you get the address, write and tell roe that ' you are not angry. I cannot help it. I should go mad if I didn't go away." I had a long talk with Bertha. It was publicly announced that owing to the illness of Miss Amory her marriage with Sir Vincent Carrone was postponed. Later and more gradually it became known that the marriage would not take place at all. Vincent behaved finely. He would not allow

anyone to say a worcr against wirmay: war quarrelled lastingly with his own brother on tne subject. To me he said, "Edward "—by this time he had got into the habit of calling me by my first name—" it's bad, but it's best for her. She trisut to love me, I know that. If I can ever do anything, in some otker way, to make her happy, you will let me know. That is really all I want now—it is horrible to think of her as being unhappy, and that lam the cause of it."

He had the luck some five years afterwards to be killed in the hunting field.

CHAPTER XII.

When Wilmay and Mrs. Blayd left London, they went to Starley, a south-coast village where, I believe, Mrs. Blayd had some relations. Before they had been there very long, what had been merely an excuse became the actual fact. Wilmay was seriously ill. Bertha and I went down to Starley then, and took a specialist with us. He said that in some respects the case puzzled him, but he seemed quite hopeful, and suggested Men. tone for the winter. I saw Wilmay only for a few minutes on this occasion, and she spoke very little. It was terrible to see the change that had taken place in her. Bertha and Wilmay went away together. I remained in London, working hard at my second opera. I heard frequently from Bertha, and the reports of Wiltnay's health grew worse and worse. She was longing to get back to England, and her greatest desire was, to live at Sinden again. After a good deal of consultation it was decided to let her have her own way, supposing that I could make the necessary arrangements. At this time Sinden was let on lease, and when the tfina.nt wired to give up the remainder of his lease he :iret laughed at me, and then got angry and said that he was insulted. However, Wilmay was wealthy !,nough to allow me to use a form of argument which does not often fail, and it did not fail in this sase. So in the spring Bertha and Wilmay came back to the house where Phillip Amory died. Bertha refused to leave Wilmay now—even for the 4elights of the London season. About this time I had a letter from Charles Por- tend. I had heard from him once before' but that was merely to give the name of the bank to which Lie wished me to pay the money to his credit. This mond letter was very different, and a great sur- prise to me. It returned me all the money that I sclvanced to him with five per cent, interest. It slso enclosed one thousand pounds, whicill was to be paid to Wilmay as a tirst instalment in discharge of the debt which he had incurred to her father. _ _ _

"It may be," he wrote, "that when I am poor I am 'a blackguard, but I am quite certain that when lam rich Ipm a sentimentalist. For, of course, I am under nb legal obligation to pay Wilmay any. thing, I choose to consider myself in debt to her, but the money advanced to me by her parents was (as I always explained to them, though latterly they always refused to listen) advanced in order that I might invest it for them at my discretion and not as a loan. The trouble was that in those days I had no discretion. Even afterwards when I had the superb idea of the Compactum Dinner, I was not discreet or I should have kept the money that I made. One lives and learns. lam now perfectly discreet. I have written to Wilmay, you will be sorry to hear, to explain myself to her, it is a pity the marriage was broken off." I wrote to thank him, returning his five per cent., and explaining that I was not a money-lender. I also said that there was no necessity on earth for him to write to Wilmay, and I was very sorry he had done it. .

Wilmay's health had seemed to improve with marvellous rapidity at Sinden. Bertha was very hopeful, and in high spirits. She wrote to me to say that Wif may had heard from her uncle, and that she took it quietly, asked a few questions about him, and then seemed not to think about it any more. Wilmay wanted me to come down to Sinden, and Bertha pressed me most warmly to come too. I had been thinking over things, and I had decided what I would do. _ _ _ _

Firstly, I went down to Sinden. Wilmay looked very delicate and sweet; she was less weak than I had expected, and loved to sit out in the sun iv the garden on warm days. I talked to her a little, and then I had a longer talk with the doctors, and I think they told me more than they had told Bertha. Then, when Wilmay was asleep upstairs, and Bertha and I were alone together, I said tc Bertha

"Do you know that I love Wilmay—that I have been in love with her ever since she grew out ol childhood ? "

Bertha paused before she answered. "Once, years ago, I feared it. Then I did not think so any longer." "I believe," I said, "that I shall tell her now." "Yes," said Bertha, quietly. "Tell her." On the next day, when I was sitting in the garden with Wilmay, she spoke of her uncle. "I know what you did for me," she said. "lot wanted to spare me pain and humiliation, and you were going to have paid a thousand pounds just for that little thing. I can't speak about it, but I must thank you." ' "But, Wilmay, as it happens, I did not pay a penny. Let's forget about that man. nothing." "Edward, why have you always been so good tc me? I'm not worth it, and I give ever so mudl trouble." "Do you remember, Wilmay," I said, "that shortly after you came out I went away; for years and did not see you? Do you know why •1 "Why ?" "Because I was growing old, because I was not the man who should marry you, and because I loved you." "Edward! Edward 1" she cried, breathless. _ _

"Don't mind about it, dear; it can't matte: now." " Matter ? It matters all the world. Oh, haven't you seen? I didn't want you to see, but in spite of that—" . " Wilmay, darling, I have always loved you. I love you now." She sighed, and held out her hands to me. l drew her close to me, and looked down into her eyes."

Wilmay said that she was going to be quite well again now. That was terrible for me to hear, who had been made almost sure that she would not be long with us. But for a time it went on—that delusion of growing health and strength. And with all their sadness, these were the happiest months of my life, and Wilmay said that they were the the happiest of her own—happy, though there was in them the solemnity of love and the solemnity of the approaching end. Once only did she speak of Vincent at this time, and once again shortly before her death, when she said that she wanted to know that he had forgiven her. She did know that before she died.

-- -- Of those months I cannot write. They need not words but music.

Before the winter the change came, very sud- denly and very rapidly. A sea voyage was spoken of and abandoned. She knew that she was going to the.

"And let me die quietly," she pleaded, "with Edward near me. We have been away from each other so long." As the end drew near, and she grew weaker and weaker, a change seemed to come over all in the house too, for they all loved her. Customary for- malities and restraints gave way, and there were ghastly mixtures of tragedy and farce. I remember that old Carter broke down once, and apologised for it. Bertha tried to answer him kindly, but without losing her dignity, and then she began to cry too. She found herself taking his hand, for the first time in her life. She died in her sleep. We had the first snow of the winter that night. It fell heavily, and in the morning all the fields were glistening white as if Wilmay . . . If you have ever loved, you will imagine; and *au will know that I cannot write any more.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE END.

An attack upon on excursion psrt which left elfast on Monday fee Manxland on board the seamship King F B Orry was reported on Tuesday. The excursionists, COO sating of the Wrst End Cycling Club and friends, numbered between 300 and 400. As the vessel wi.s passing Queen's Island Shipbuilding Yard Luta and rivets were thrown from the New White Star liner lonic, launched a fortnight ago. Several windows in the King Orry were smashed, and a girl was struck, but not seriously injured. Procef dings arising out of the romantic marriage of Count George Karolyi, a son of one of the richest Hun- garian notlemen, has been occupying the Hungarian courts. In 1891 Count George married and eloped to America with Miss Illiweka Frank, a Jewish actress. Under pressure from his father, who threatened to dis- inherit him, the count left his young wife, who had be- come the mother of a girl, and returned to Hungary. The wife has now sued her husband for maintenance, and the Hungarian courts have awarded her an annual income of £1,125, arid the child one of £583.

THE PUBLIC SHOULD KNOW.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Lady Speaks Out.

Burns said there are things known only to ourselves which we would not think of communicating even to our most intimate friend. Although Burns was undoubtedly right, there are, nevertheless, occasions when it is our duty to speak out in matters of personal concern. The public weal lays that duty upon us. Miss Esther Ashdown, a well-known and highly res- pected Warrington lady, who resides with her cousin Miss Balker, at 86, Wilderspool-causeway, did not shirk this responsibility, in a conversation a few days ago with a Warrington reporter. About twelve months ago she was alarmed te find that her heath was visibly declining. So complce was the change in her physical condition, that in spite of all a London specialist and the regulation courses of Burgundy, claret, Scc., could Ido she became a physical wreck. A course of Dr Williams' pink pills for ptle people, adopted as a last resource, has restored her:to the best of health. Those circumstances were the subject of her conversation with I rue correspondent. Miss Ashdown, asked whether she would describe her former condition, replied :- 1

, [From a phOTO-biw.i. Parkinson, Warrington.] "With pleasure. It was an effort for me co get upstairs. Somrtimes I bad to sit down in the middle of the stairs to rest. My face became yellow, and people thought I was going into consumption, I did not appear to have a crop of blood in me. I became breath- less if I moved about at all rapidly. I seemed to be quite bloodless, I had no appetite and generally felt weak and miserable." "And DOW r asked the reporter. _ _

"sow I can run about the house and do anytlaing. I feel as active as possible. My general lasalth is better than over it was."

"To what do you attribute this woncleirful improve- ment, Mies Arbdown ?"

" Solely to Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. I saw newspaper articles cencerniag cures they had effected and I was also advised by some friends to try them. I had not taken one box before I felt better. Altogether I have taken six boxes and I am still taking then." It was from anzemia that she had been suffer- ing he informed the reporter, adding that as she now felt as well as possible she considered it to tY) her duty to recommend Dr. Williams' pink pills to all she found suffering from her complaint, and to people who were at all run down.

'Where did you purchase your Dr. Vitillianks' pink pills ?" " Latterly I have obttinel thorn front Mr. Miller, chemist, 77, Bridgt-street, Warrington." -

" And nave I your permYissioa It; make use or all yoa have bold _roe ?" asked the reporter.

- " Certainly you have," cause the unhesitating reply " Everyone in Warrington knows me. Many people have told me how much better I look, and I tell them all I am taking Dr. Williams' pink pills. I attribute my im- prnved condition entirely to them ; than is no secret about the matter."

Asked, ;in car elusion, if she knew of others who had derived benefit from taking Dr. Williama' pink pills for pale people, Miss Ashdown mentioned the names of several ladies and gentlemen well-known in Warrington and the district ; and all her facts were corroborated by her cousin, who was in the room during the interview and had, apparently, as much faith in the efficacy of Dr. Williams' pink pills as Miss Ashdown has herself.

_„...-- ~,--i--,/-•-!---e----_,. ~•,,,,4;;;;;;,-;-. 0,40'4 !,3•44 • •:.-,- _,, , ~, ~,,.,,, _„..i. t'_,.....-, ,‘ i,,,, ‘li/,......-i• V., 1,, 4C .....,...... I .. , ) _ M/SS ESTHER ASHDOWN.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
RACING CYCLIST HEAVILY FINED • From Manchester to St. Helens for Threepence.

REDUCTION IN'PRICII4 -F0124 FM INCANDESCENT BURNUES.

IhCANDESCEN,T MANTLES. INDANDEsCENT PHIMNEYS. NOANDESOENT GLOBIFIS ALL KI.NDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBIts OF FFNEENT COLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBE.: CAN BE MATCHED OR EXCHANGED.

AT ADAMS, 80 ST. JAMES PLACE, WINDOW GLASS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SI! VFRED PLATE GLASS SHADES AND STANDS GLASSES FOR GRAVES &c.

PRICES AT J. ADAMS, 212, NORTH-HILL ST., Sz 14, SMITHDOWN-E%

LIVERPOOL.

;,-----72---7-: ilr :0 4,9 . DI

===== 0002601_19020725_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

V

===== 0002601_19020725_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket A draw was the result of Warrington's encounter with Bootle on Saturday. The Bootle contingent were the first to bat and were all got out for 155. When time arrived Warrington had put together 113 for the loss of S wickets and it is probable that if the match had been concluded Bootle would have gained the verdict by a small margin.

Two of the regular players—Messrs E. A. Connor and P. B. Hawtin—were absentees from the Warrington team, and Messrs J. Hallam and F. Barber, the well known footballers, who have:this season been playing for the second eleven, filled the vacancies. The wicket was in a very treacherous condition, and this consider- ably handicapped the players.

J.P. Crouch was Bootle's most successful batsman. When he had complied only seven the Warringtonians made an appeal for catch at wicket, but the referee decided in Crouch's favour.: After this,the batsman hit outlwith alwill and carried out his bat after amassing 51 Other useful contributors were A J Schofield (28, H Williams (18) and J W Jones (13).

It was to Lynes, the Warrington professional, that the saving of the match was mainly due. He ex- hibited a capital defence, and had contributed 35' (not out) when stumps were drawn. The only other War- rington players to attain double figures were Callon (17) and Gibbon (16). Neither Hallam nor Barber had a real chance of showing his abilities with the bat. Barber did not go to the 'thicket at all, whilst Hallam had the misfortune to play on his wickets just when he appeared to be getting in form.

Sandiford displayed good form with the ball for Bootle, capturing 3 wickets for 19 runs.

Cheshire Lines Engineers placed a " feather in their cap" on Saturday, when they defeated Sankey Wire Mills by a majority of 14. Barnes and Bennett were each responsible for 21 for the winners, Bennett being not out. F Williams compiled 35 for the Wire Mills. St. Paul's sustained their first defeat of the season at the hands of the Warrington Weslevans, 9 being the adverse margin Bodle capturedl six wickets for six runs for the victors, and Burton four for seven.

Football.

Leigh R.F.C. have signed on for next season Edward O'Connor, a half-back from Askam, the !Furness club from which they recently recruited a promising wing three-quarter in D L Barr. Twenty-two years of age O'Connor stands 5f t. Bin high and weighs about list. Ile is credited with playing a very smart game behind the scrimmage, and Warrington are stated to have had designs upon him

On Tuesday night a general meeting of the represen- tatives of the Northern League was held at Hudders- field, Mr J. Clifford, Huddersfield, presiding. It was decided that a secretaries' meeting for the arrange- ment of fixtures should be held next Tuesday. The Management Committee was elected as follows :—Mr J Clifford, Huddersfield, president ; Mr A Gresty, Brough- ton Rangers. vice-president ; Mr S Nichol, Halifax, hon treasurer ;Mr J Platt, Oldham, hon. secretary ; and Messrs F Lister' Bradford ; J Goodall, Batley ; R Collins, Rochdale Hornets ; and J B Cooke, Wakefied Trinity.

It will be seen from the above that the Management Committee will consist of five Yorkshire men and three Lancastrians, a i act the significance of which will probably be brought home to some of the Palatine clubs ere the close of the coming season. There is, of course, no reason why such a C mmittee should not be abso- lutely fair, but it would be more satisfactory were the representatives drawn in equal numbers from each of thentwo principal Committees.

Some clubs are already showing commendable activity in their preparations for the campaign. The Leigh club, for instance, is poach ng considerably on our (Warrington's) Askam preserves, and already announces the capture of a promising wing named Barr and a half-back called O'Connor. Like some of Leigh's acquisitions last season they may be no "great shakes," but the fact Is plain that the club is wide- awake. The Hull managers have made a really im- portant haul in tlie persons of thetwo Gloucester half- backs (Goddard and Hall) who have a big reputation in the Rugby Union. Meanwhile lVarrington does not seem to be doing much. It was admitted in the last annual report that new forwards were badly required, and the members are expecting—as they have a right to do, that the demand will be supplied ere the com• mencement of the season and not in the last month. The new rules make forward strength even a more imperative necessity, and a few acquisitions of the right sort are anxiously awaited.

I

Foot Racing. At the Rochdale Athletic Sports, on Saturday, San- key Harriers and :Rochdale Harriers tied for second place in the two miles inter-club junior race, with 23 points each, and divided the second and third prizes. Straw, of Warrington Harriers, was the first man home.

The Manchester and Liverpool Mono-Railway. Measurements have been taken for tion of a tank to connect that portion theot tehceoßnrsitdruc- water Canal situate between at Barton and the new swing a road bridge Bridge- Barton The con tiz,n of this tank is necessary to enable the proposed .O r c- mono-railway to be constructed underneath the Canal instead of over the waterway as was originally intended. It will also give the Ship Canal Company an opportunity of connectind the Weaste and Eccles section of their mineral line with Ake Barton:and Mena eectiong.

THE CO-OPERATIVE BOYCOTT. Text of the St. Helens Circular. The reat inlustrial fight at S.: fiele.ns between the newly formed combine of tradesmen and the local co- opentive so.liety, which has nearly 9,000 members, entered on a new and more important phase last night. No one need be reminded the the combine have just rec.ived the approval of counsel to a circular which tney have framed with the idea of influencing the inhabir- ants of eh' town to give their trade to Viten), and not to the Co-operative Society. With the object of laying the draft ot the circular before the general body of trades- men, a meeting was held at the Fleece Hotel last night, when the proceedings were private so far as the Pres were concerned. _

There were about 300 shopkeepers present, represent- ing various branches of trade, and the meeting was most enthusiastic throughout, the speeches being punctuate at very frequent intervals with loud cheers. Councillor John Green, the chairman, in the coure of his remarks, challengel the Co-operative society to fight them by giving up dividends and cutting prices. There was much discussion afterwards, and the meet- ing adopte.l the circular unanimously. _ . . . _

The circular is in the following terms "At a recent meeting convened by the St Helens and D:stric'; Grocers and Provision Heelers' Association, pre- sided over by their cheirtnio,Mr Counciller Jelin Green, J.".,and embracing not only members of the Association named, but a large number of other Sc Helens residents engaged or interested in private, as distinguished from co-operative, trading, the question, of the local relation- ship between these two classes of enterprise and the persons eogaged in them and directly and indirectly related to mem was the subject of very careful con- -5j leration. "The gross injustice in the incidence of the competition etween private traders and co-operative committee was clearly demonstrated. The members of the former class have to find their own capital, and have to pay income tax, while the latter oh sin their capital from their customers, and are exempt from income-tax. " The openly declared purpose of co-operation is to exterminate the private trader ; the process is in toler- ably full swing in St Helens ; and the persons present at the recent meeting felt that the time had come for meeting combined action on the otLier side with com- bined action on ours. " It was accordingly resolved to be for the good of the town and its legitimate trade that those interested therein should do all in their power to reduce the influ- unties of the local co-operative society,end endeavour to attract as rainy of its present friends as possibli to a healthier way of thinking. No private trader or friend of private trade should ' either ~Lipport the stores or anyone who acts for or with te stores. Clergymen, professional men, bankers, mister builders, joiners, plumbers, pa.intere, printers, saddlers, wheelwrights, smitbe, agents, and shopmen have all in the past been dependent on one another, and had freedom to pursue their individual callings for their pqsonal profit ; and any who now even patronise ce-operation are helping to forge fetters for themselves and others, the weight of which may soon be painfully felt. •• It is earnestly hoped that they will actively identify themselves with this policy of effective self-defence. Support no one who t 3 supporting in any degree or accept support from any organisation which may sooner or later prove a social ani flea icial rata to the town." During the proceedings this telegram was road from the Stalybridge Grocers' Association :—" Accept my hearty congratulations in your example to the United Kingdom. Hope to follow suit. E Stamp, president." As for the attitude of the Co-operative Society, the management seem to look upon the movement with complacency, and are confident that their members will remain loyal to them. Up to the present they have not had much to say on the matter, but it is assumed in the town that when the tradesmen's circular has been issued they may consider it advantageous to issue some sort of counterblast. _ .

Shoalg of letters have been received from all parts of the country by the tradesmen's leaders.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRUTH ABOUT HEART TROUBLE.

Many people have weak hearts, pains in the chest and side, palpitation, shortness of breath, spasms, and suffocating feelings after exertion. In nine cases out of ten these feelings are due to the kidneys over-working the heart by not purifying the blood. Mrs E. Carter, of Water Newton, Wansford, Hunts, had all these symptoms. She frequently felt as if she were going to faint, could scarcely walk upstairs, and was advised by her doctor to go to bed. Sbe got so much worse that she did not expect to get about again. She is now as well as ever, goes about freely, does her housework, and runs up or downstairs without discom- fort, to the delight of her husband and children. Her cure dates to the time she began taking Dodd's Kidney Pills. They cured the heart trouble beeause they cured the kidn.ys. Thousands who have suffered from Heart Trouble, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Gout, Neuraigia,Dropey and Diabetes, have been cured the same way—by taking Dodd's Kidney Pill 4 and curing th,l kidneys. Dodd's Kidney Ms are 2s 9d per box, of all Chemists, or post free on receipt of price from The Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Remember the name, D-o-d•d-'s.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Coroner in a Fix.

Mr S Brighouse, County -Ca—roner, was to have held an important inquest at Glazebury,near Leigh, on Tuesday evening, but on his arrival he announc- ed to the waiting jurymen, Press, and police that he was unablt to do so on account of the failure to turn up of his clerk•—The disappearance, he ex- plained, was most mysterious, inasmuch as he saw his clerk on the platform of Lime-street Station, Liverpool, a few minutes before stepping into the train. As the missing gentleman had charge of all the papers, he (the Coroner) had no inquisition,pre- cept, or burial order. Eventually the inquest had to stand adjourned situ Wednesday.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
GOODS TRAFFIC ON TRAMWAYS.

The Cheapening of Transit.

mportant South Lancashire Scheme.

A meeting cf the members of the Liverpool Cnamber of Commerce was held on Monday aftemoon, at the Exchange Station Hetet, for the purpose of hearing a paper by Mr J E Waller, al I C E, ef London, en " Through tea() on tramways for passengers and goods " In the absence of the president, Flu' Alfred Jones, the chair was occupie.l by Mr G H Cox ; and the Sttentiance also included Sir John whicoir. NI F., Messrs C Lancaster. Alfred Holt, E K Muspratt, J E Rayner, H A Watson, Vose (Bolton Chamber of Commerce), E Shrapnel Smith (general manager, Bold Carrying Com- pany), J Gardner, Mentagu Big oieson, 0 E Parker, J B 1 Atherton, Jacob Atherton, D A Davies, J A Marsh, Alfred Tracey, OP Proctor, W T Millett, Douglas, T Upton, William MtNaught, W D -telt, W a Atty., D M Gaskin, John Wesen, J K Slater, and Thomas H Barker (secretary). I The Chairman, in introducing Mr Waller, expressed I the opinion that the cheapsning of inland means of , transit was of greater importance to the manufacturers of this country than the question cf t wiffs and subsidies (Hear, hear.) If we bad the coeap transit of the I United States, Germany, France, and Belgium, bc,h by rail and canal, we would be able to compote on better terms than our compeoitors for the international trade of the world. A significant review appeared in that day's "Daily Post "of a report jusc presented by the Iron Trade Association, emphasising the clearanese of railway treight in the States, and when they considered that in this country many of the canals were in the hands of the railway companies, and that on the Conti- nent new canals, which were to be free of toil, were be- ing constantly made, they must see the importrinee of considering any means of cheapening inland traffic: in this couatry. Mr. Waller commenced his poet with a reference to the recent development of electric trams or light rail- ways, resulting in some cases to tbe provision of an ' extensive and connected system, and presenting possibilities not only of through passenger cars, but also of introducing goods traffic. In order to' obtain the full advantages rendered possible by Me linking uo of tram- way systems, it was essential that " throueh " running facilities should be granted by the various authorities owning the tramways physically connected and to the same gauge. This necessity had long since been recog- nised in respect to railways, and it would be ludicrous to propose that when there is a " through " system of tramways constructed between, say, Leigh and the docks in Liverpool that a passenger who desired to go through the whole length by tr tracer should have, not- withstanding the physical connection of the metals throughout that length, to travel in no less than four different cars because the four different sections over I which he travelled were in the separate ownership of 1 the South Lane ishire Tramways Company, the St. Helens Corperation, the Lancashire Light Rill- ways Company, and the Corporation of Liverpool. It was certain that numbers of people would be glad to avail Merits •Ivea of the tramways in preference if they bad the opportunity. It was true that the trams could not compete with the railways in speed, but the service would be more accessible and more frequent. The construction of the South Lancashire tramways, together with the Liverpool and Prescot systems, would represent an aggregate length of nearly 400 miles andlithe question of goods traffic between the various towns which would be connected was of vital importance. In the South Lancashire district there was an enormous goods traffic. The parely local traffic consisted principally of coal, bricks, building meteri- ale, hardware and machinery, of which an immense amment,representing many thousands of tons per annum was at present carted, principally coal, from collieries to mills and brickfields, and the return traffic in bricks to the collieries. The traffic it was impossible for the railway companies to deal with, as the mills and brick- fields were not connected with the railways by sidings, and even in the case of collieries so cos- neoted such sidings were valueless as regards local traffic, as while the cartage to the transmitting station would be avoided, it would still become necessary to cart from the receiving station to the point of destination. It was found that, the ccst of double handling and caging thus involved, over and above the railway rate, rendered a single asrtage from works to works cheaper aq well as more cone enient and expeditious: The through traffic to the district in gee I- tion from Liverpool, Manchester, and Warrington covered nearly every conceivable class of goods, includ- ing raw cotton, cotton manufactured goods, grain, flour, provisions, ordinary and mining timber, iron and steel manufactures, glass, alkali, earthenware, acid, oil, grease, tallow and manure. Of this through traffic the bulk was, of coarse, handled by the railway com- panies, although a very considerable amount was coo- yeyed by canal and by cart, A large traffic in raw cotton was' dealt with by the latter means, both from Liverpool and Manchester, as the rates were cheaper, excessive handling and transhipment was av Aded, and She delivery was more expeditious; Traffic sent by rail, unless in truck loads, inevitably met with delay by reason of the transhipment involved at junction stations and considerable damage frequently arises by reason of so much handling. The existence of this considerable road traffic at!,the present time indicated pretty clearly that, if a Cheaper and more expeditious service for goods onithe tramways ' was oroanized, a very large traffic will be available,and, if the authorities owning the various tramway systems were prepared to give the requisite running facil ties on fair and equitable terms, there appeared to be absolutely no difficulty is organising such a service. Sack traffic, properly controlled, should prove of no inconvenience to the sky of Liverpool, but a source of profit to the tram- way undertaking of the Corporation, a convenience to the ordinary traffic during the day time—to the extent to which it removed this goods traffic off the streets— and, to some extent, a possible increase in the traffic of the port if facilities are given for the conveyance from Liverpool of goods now entering the district through o her channels. A depot or depots, conveniently situ- ated in close proximity to the tramways, would have to be estaolished, so that a siding mighe be laid in from these tramwave to the depot. AS a general practice, flat-decked trucks would appear most suitable for the conveyance of the whole of the goods traffic. Each such truck or waggon would be provided with detachable tabs or crates on rollers, in plasm of the ordinary box body, being somewhat similar to the arrangement at present in use by several of the South Lancashire collieries for the purpose of facilitating the transport of coal. This type of goods waggon was also similar to that adopted on the Donegal Railway, where the 1 general manager (Mr R fl Livesay) bad had I to contend with the question of transit over I two different gauges. Mr Livesay's description of this system was as follows :—" No lifting arrangements are required, as the bodies are taken over by means of Tonere, which tun on rails secured to the underframes. We carry any description or class of goods in them: The system was only brought hate use about four years ago, and since them it has been such a success that we have decided to gradually alter the whole of our goods &en wageons to it; it does away with delays else to transnipment and lass through breakage, besides effecting a great saving in the cost of handling, as two men can do all that is required in a few seconds." The conditions of working on a tramways system would, however, be somewhat different to those existing on the Donegal Railway. There it is only necessary to move the truck body in its entirety from one deck waggon to another,but the fact that the body would, in the case of a tramway service, have to be moved from a street Miry to a tramway waggon, and vice versa, involved the necessity of the body being constructed in sections, as previously suggested, the size of these sections being controlled by the s'ze which could conveniently be carried, on the ordinary turtles in use in the district served. Proper provision would have to be made for eecuring the sections in position on the truck or under- frame during transit. The same fiat-decked waggons with the crates or bodies removed would also be avail- able for the carriage of other classes of goods, such as , timber, girders, portable engines, machinery, and boilers, the deck being provided with rings for roping- ' in gee Is and with sockets for bolsters and Stanchions ' for such traffic as timber. It was not suggested that all ' classes of traffic could be dealt with by this description ' of waggon. There were other classes of traffic for seloich ordinary wageons would be more suitable. For instance in the event of traffic arising from collieries in , the South Lancashire district, where the coal bad to be conveyed 'direct to the docks for shipping porpoises, ordinary waggons would probably be needed. which , wool I run direct on to the tipping cradles at the docks. Such traffic as this, however, was somewhat apart from the question now under consideration' which relates to . the method of avoiding unnecessary handling in tran- shipment where there was no possibility of direct com- munication between the point at which the traffic ori- ginates and its destination. It was proposed, where- ever practicable, to lay sidings into the larger collieries. works, and depots alone the tramway routes ; and al- ready a number of probable'customers bad signified their desire to have such sidings connected with their estab- lishments. Much local traffic between collieries, mills, and brickfis les would thus be dealt with without any break of bulk whatever and without the use of the special type nf waggons suitable for transhipment, but to accommodate through traffic, or traffic originating at, say, a colliery in the distr;ct which bad to be distri- buted in comparatively small consignments to general traders and the public, not connected by sidings, it would be necessary to provide suitable depots at con- venient points on me tramway system. The depots of the company, whether in proximity to the Liverpool decks or at any point on the company's system, would all be worked in a similar manner, and the process I pro- posed might be illustrated by taking the case of goods coming to Liverpool by sea for delivery within the die- triet. Such goods would be loaded from the quays or- dock warehouses on to an ordinary road lurry in accord

ance with the present practice,excePting,that instead of being placed direct en the lurry,the lurry would be pro- vided with one or more of the company's crates or detachable bodies, and the goods where practicable w mid be packed in such crate. The lurry would then proceed alongside the stage or platform at the receiving depot, be rolled off bv means of rollers on to such stage, whence it would be transferred to a deck-waggon on an adjoining siding. A train of these waggous would then be in readiness to proceed on its journey during the following night-time. Ia the event of the goods being consigned to premises connected with the tramways by siding no further handling would be involved, but in other cases precisely the reverse process would be gone through at the nearest depot to the consignee' p.emises. The handling in either case would be con-s aicierably less than in the case of railway carriage as from the time of the first loading into the crates there would be no interference with or tranship- ping of goods until they were put out either on the depot stage or into the consignee's siding at the point of destination, and bulk would never b, breken except in the case of extremely small consignment!. At the present time in the case of goods to be conveyed by rail from the docks at Liverpool no less than six tranship- i ments were involved,even in cases were full truck loads could be forwarded, avoiding intermediate banding at junction stations:—(l)Loading at warehouse into lurries; (2) 'reloading therefrom to stage at railway company's depot; (3) loading from stage to trucks (to say nothing ,of extra loading and unioadiog wheat seat coronae-1 a ! depot without rail connectioel : (4) uelcaling trucks to depot stage at destination ; (5) loading from stage to lurry; and (6) unloading from lorry at csnsignee'a premisea. The trsm cage, while creating and dealing with a special traffic of their own and giving faCilities ' for. the delivery of goods al traders along the route of the tramways, would probably beemas before long re- ; c )gnised distributors and feeders to the railway systems, as the conservatism of the railway companies could not 1 long withstand itilloV atloOs of proved practicability. A very large traffic could be dealt with, and the carrying capacity of t'le lines, if, and when foiled necessary, be largely augmented by increasing the amount of double lines throughout the system. Apart from the goods traffic proper on the .tramways, [there doubtless would be a considerable par- cels traffics. Such paresis traffic would probably be car:ied on in the daytime, either by trailer cars attached to paasenor cars, or by special independent self-propelled parcels vans. The question of cost of carriage by tramway was one which had received care- ful consideration,and though it is obviously impracticable and inconvenient in the present paper to give schedules of rates at which the varinus classes of goods could be carried, it might safely be stated that the traffic could be conveyed at a cost considerably less than was at present Involved. (Appiausa) Mr J E Rayner asked how Mr Waller proposed to pro- vide storage accommodation for, say, a thousand tons of noalscoming to Llverool. Mr Waller Fad they must provide sidings just as the railway companies bad done—probably out at Knotty Ash, whore land was cheaper—and run the traffic through quickly on the following night. The advent tee the tramways would give was the avoidance of tranship- ment, and the better handling of local traffic, which was the only traffic they would deal with. Mr Alfred Holt moved a vote of thanks to Mr Waller, though of opinion that he had suggested no remedy for the difficulties of inland carriage. He did not think that transhipment would be re lucel, because it was impos- sible to load from the steamer to wagger:re on rails. The only solution, in his oninion, was the plateway system. Mr C E Parker (Warringten), in seconding, said he thought Mr Waller bad made out a very strong case for inquiry. The resolution was passed and acknowledged by Mr Waller.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

CHRIST CHURCH —VISIT OF THE BISHOP. —Thl annual sermons in aid of the day and Sunday rchools were preached at Christ Church, Padgate, on Sunday, addi- tional interest being lent to the services by the fact that the church was re-opened after having been redecorated The work, which has been carried out by Mr, Ralph Johnson, of Warrington, has taken six weeks to perform and is a beautiful example of the decorators' art. 'Toe colours are most harmonious in their general effect arri there is a lavish display of beautiful et met! work lowb in the chancel and the body of the chureh. There was a very large congregation et the morning service, when the sermon was preached by the Lord Bishop of Liver- prl from the words," Woo is this that cometh leaning on the arm of her belovsd ?" The church was again crowded at Evensong, when the preacher was the Rev. H. Alden Nash, vicar of St. Mark's, Liverpool. The services were conducted be the Vicar on both occasione. The singing was of a hearty description, the members of the choir acquitting themselves creditably. The morning anthem was " 0, worship the King," ny J Fl Maunder, while in the eveaing Simper's " Give Glory unto the Lord " was sung, the tenor solo belay, sweetly rendered by M.. W. N. Grounds. Tee Magnificat and Norm Dimittis were to Adams in G. Mr. Blackwell pre- ided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Steamer Wrecked.

A telegram from Amlwebport on Tuesday stated that the steamer Sarah Brough, from Dublin to Llanddulas, light:, struck on the Platters Rocks on Monday night, and sank in deep water. The crew were saved in their boats. The Sarah Brough was a vessel of 299 tons gross, and belonged to W A Savage, Liverpool-road, Warrington. Horticultural Show at Oughtrington,

The fifth annual exhibition of the Oughtrington Floral and Horticultural Society was held in Oughtrington Park, by permission of Mr G Powys Dewhurst, on Saturday afternoon, and was visited by a large number of people. The judges were Messrs Plant (Altrinchatn) and Smith (Arley Hall), who had a specially difficult task in judging the entries for the best kept cottage flower and veget- able gardens. Some artistic gardens were visited in Lymm. Thelwall, High Te.gh, &c., and where all were so good it was a difficult matter to make the final awards, The judges also had much praise for the boys' allotments,which were above the average. An attractive programme of sports was gone through. After the prize-giving Mr John R Newton (Warburton) asked the large crowd to give a hearty vote of thanks to Mr and Mrs G P Dewhurst not only for the work they had done for the show but also for the use of the beautiful gardens and park. In response Mr Dewhurst, on behalf of his wife and self, thanked Mr Newton and those present for their kindness and hoped that another year they would have the prizes spread over a ;large number of exhibitors. He would like to see the prize,s carried off by a large number of cottagers, and he could assure them that all would receive fair treat- ment.

THE JOURNAL FOR THE DEAF con- tains in its last number a complete description of a borne treatment for deafness aid ear diseases by means of external application, which has been repeatedly suc- cessful in rastorin,z hearing in cases pronounced incur- able by the usuil methods. Another special feature is the enclosure of a Report Farm by means of which any- one can obtain full particulars and free adviJe as to the use of the treatment in their own case. To obtain e free copy of the Journal with Report Form and a " Supple- ment," illustrating upwards of forty cases cured during the past month, it is on!y necessary to address Tbe Secretary. Drouet Institute, Regent's Park-road, London, N.W.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
--

CAMBRID

-- , - - ........ 051a,.,•-..., C--.. ... -.llr - ~. • ~._:,,,,,,2,,.. , ,11,„,.,7„.f.„_-_--- ...„---• n ....-- ~,..• ..,,, . 1 k •,.. ......-- \ ... _______,..„-----,-----_____...----- as o' ab .. • .. *l4l r op*. tit-, ...-.7 ..,-...-, --_---- 4 .„:, il,,„:,*fit._ _.------- „ • 1 /41/ I - , --.0100"1"."--4...--zzz7------- ----.....c0rar _ _ --_-- - ------_-__. _ ___:-....------- ._„____--------- ----- __________ ____. _.....- --_Th, 2 ........--,- ...., -_--. _ „ ------ , 1 1

===== 0002601_19020725_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
"BEATS ALL"

Mr. J. H. CABLING, Grocer, High Street, Ryde, writes:—" The Cambridge Lemonade, I may say, is far and away the best I have sold yet. It has quite a refreshing flavour, and is 'without that horrid acid. A customer to whom I introduced it has, within the last six weeks, used four dozen. She said she had used every other Lemonade she could get, but Cambridge beats all."

sid. per bottle, sufficient to make Two Gallons Delicious Lemonade.

The CAMBRIDGE LEMONADE is carefully prepared from selected Sicilian Lemons, and is guaranteed to contain the natural refreshing constituents of the fresh ripe fruit. free from any added acid, or other injurious ingredient.

PURE & WHOLESOME. The Lancet :—The materials are pure and wholesome, being obtained from selected lemons. It possesses the pleasant aroma and acid taste of the fresh cut lemon, and c,"; affords a refreshing and agreeable summer beverage.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
CHIVVS & SONS, LIMITED, HISTON, CAMBRIDGE.

;Proprietors of the First English Fruit Growers Jaw Factory.

"spin on the machine." The River Bonin, near Lynam, and waters at Hartford, in Cheshire, lie at tae mercy of the touring angler. Lymm, Frodsham, Helsby, Peaver, and Hale, on the Mersay, am available for picnics ; and the Penketh Golf Club's Links are right to hand. Good ' folk who follow these pleasure and health giving affairs may also be told that about Warriogtott are also old inne,still full of vigour and retource, where catering was a feature in the stage-coach days, and betore a railway train ever ran. Then the ancient Halton Castle may be teen,and also Walton Hall, where Sir Gilbert Green all, Bart., resider.

exit door and when asked for his ticket by Collector Hol- land, failed to produce it. He was under the influence of drink, and Holland told him to search his pockets. He did so but could not find the ticket. Hollant then demanded his fare, but as the prisoner said be could not pay. he asked for his address Be refused to give it and used very bad language. Helland had to give him into custody.—Prisonor said he paid 2i 10d for a ticket, but either lost it or it was taken from him. He was under the influence of drink.—He was lined 10s including costs. POLICEMAN ANSAULTRD.—WiIIiam McCann, a stranger to the town, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in. Horsemarket-street, on Saturday night. and assaulting P.C. Hayes in Museum-street.—The Constable said he went to a disturbance in Crown-street and saw the prisoner them drunk. He was using very bad language, and witness re- quested him to go away. He went a little distance and ' returned. He would not no away and was taken into cus- tody. When in Museum-street, prisoner said he was "going to get away and he would show him bow he would do it. He became very violent and kicked witness three or four times on the leg. He was taken to the Police e..tation with great difficulty —Fined 10s and costs. OLD OFFENDER IN TROUELE.—Sarah Maloney was charged with breaking a show case in front of the shop of John Charles Booth, milliner, Bridge-street, at 2 45 a.m on Sun- day. and stealing therefrom two lady's blouses and one pair of gloves of the value of 9s 100. -The Chief Con,table said that Sergeant Bell Was on duty in Bridge-street and heard the smashing of glass. On going to the shop he found the prisoner had broken the show Case and was 1:o-iping herself to the contents. Prisoner was considerably under the MA u- ence of drink. She was an incorrigible thief and had been before the Court 21 times. That was the third Monday morning in succession on whic's she had appeared in the dock. Prisoner, who said she did not know what she was doing, WAS sentenced to a month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
"WARRINGTON-THE HALFWAY HOUSE."

Interesting Retrospect. An illustrated guide bas just been issued by the Ches- hire Lines Comm.ttee, entitled "New Routes and Old Acres." It Las been prepared by Mr T E Edwardes, editor of " The Tourist," and Contains a mass of inter- Enting local information, copiously Illustrated. We extract the following from chapter seven entitled "War- rha gton—the halfway house." TRAVEL WAS DIFFERENT THEN.

A local authority is responsible for the statement that " down to the middle of the eighteenth century there was no highway into Liverpool suitable for carriages, and it was necessary co jiurney to Werrington on horse- back before a stage coach or public conveyance could be met with for c irnmunication with London and other parts of the country," and that " it was not till 1780 that the first regul sr stage coach ran between Liverpool and London." Through Wa,rington, built on the &Utley runs the Old Coach-road from Liverpool to London. Nay, Warrington was the starting point of the first stage coach which tamed a wheel in England. How this unique bit of history sends the mind agog with thought !

===== 0002601_19020725_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENT DAY CONTRASTS.

The great facilities which Warrington enjoys for the transit of goods at roasonab'e rates both by rail may and canal, i:s central pisitioa bet wen Liverpoll and Man. cheater, together with its command of Irish and Scotch markets through the pprt of Liverpoo:, gives it substan- tial advantages ; and now t.) these benefits has to be added a new trad. by means of the M incheater Ship Canal.

WHEN THE DOMESDAY SURVEY WAS. Warr n3;ton is a really ancient place. At the Circe of the Domesday Survey it was called Waliotune, and was then the head of the hundred,but now merged into that of West Derby, the lord of the manor being the Marquis of Salisbury, KG. At the period of Eiward 111 (1351) a deed, still preserved, gives the name of the town as Werynton. To-day Warrington is a place of nearly 70,000 inhabitants, and the seat of industrial and manu- facturing businesses, many oZ which continually in- crease almost by leaps and bounds. Among the warner- 'ooB industries of the place are wire drawing, the manu- facture of iron in bar, hoops, wire rods, a 3 well as of tools and files, cut glass, and soap, and it has long been celebrate' for its piano wires, which have an European reputation. There are large and extensive f,r2es, iron- foundries, breweries, chemical works, and mills ; it is also the centre of the northern tanning trade for heavy sole leather—a great part of the leather used in the b ,ots and shoes manufactured for the army and police being made in the neighbourhood. Other works there are besides, viz.: pins, b4rax, table and decorative glass, bedsteads, rubber, gas stoves and heating apparatus : articles made from wire ; soap, glycerine,and scent,tte. Thus Warrington does a big goods trade with the Cheshire Lines. SOME MUNICIPAL POSSESSIONS.

The Town Hall, in Stukey•street, form illy known as Bank Hall, was purchased from Lord Winmarleigh by the Corporation, in 1872, for the sum of £22,000. This amount included the cost of the grounds (18i acres) in which the Hall stands, and which the Corporation has converted into a public park. The building, which was erected in 1750 from the designs of the famous archite Leon!, is substantially built in the classic style, and commands an extensive v'ew over one of the most beautiful districts in Cheshire. The Museum, erected in 1855-7, contains library, museum, art gallery, and lec- ture room. The Museum proper contains a fine collec- tion of shells, birds, fossils, minerals, old coins, di-e. Local antiquities are well represented, and include remains from the R3man station at Wildersoool and the Austin Friary Church lately discevered. In the Art Gallery is the great marble group of " Webs& and Satan," by J. Warrington Wood. a native of the place. The Market Hall, erected in 1156, is a covered building near the centre of the place. Wednesday is the princi- pal trading day for butter, eggs, and vegetables. A corn market is also held each Wednesday, Saturday being also another market day. 'REGARDING SO3SE OLD ACRES.

Near Bewsey all and Winwick. on the old Roman road between Warrington and Wigan, is a reputed battlefield of Cromwell's. Here he is said to have dis- persed and dismayed a fairly large number of R wallets who had rallied attrr the still greater defeat at Preston. History spoke, though, at Wa. rington long before the Proctor'., time. There was a Rom4n encuripment between Wilderspool and Stockton Heath (Warrington), and some of the roads diverging therefrom are supposed to have been constructed in the first century. Here, from time to time, ancient coins and curious antiquarian fragments hive been found, and, as mentioned above, preserved. The Warrington Clergy Orphan Institution occupies the site of a large mound known as the Mote Hill. Here was a house of Augustine Friars, founded before 1279, and dissolvAl by that perhaps not ill-mean- ing but still arch enemy to such religious institutions, Henry VIII. The memory of the building is still pre- served in the names of Friars' Gate and Friars' Green. The site of the church was discivered and the greater part of the foundations of its walls laid bare in 1886, when the tile pavement of the choir and a number of ca,ved stones were removed and placed in the M1190111:12. An inscription was at the same time placed on a build- ing in Friars' Green, which occupies a portion of the site of the nave. A good specimen of a room of the 13th century may still be seen in Fennel-street, and there are black-and-white timbered houses of the 17th century in the Market Place, Buttermarket-street, and Church-tree. AND SOME MATTERS ECCLESIASTICAL.

The Church of St Elphin occupies tbe site of an ancient Norman structure erected in the 12% century. and repliced by a cruciform buildiag in the clecJrated style. In 1824 a small door leading to a stone stairway, con- ducting to a crypt under the chancel, was discovered on the left side of the chancel, and on the steps was

- found a chasuble richly embroidered with figures of various saints. This vestmeut was ultimately given to the Rev Dr Molvneux, Catholic Priest of St Alban's, Warrington, and is now part of the furniture of that church. The Church of St Elphin is well worthy of a visit on account of its numorous stained glass windows and memorials Gf brass to the Lyons and Blackburne families. There is also in the Bewsey Chapel the altar tomb of alabaster of Sir John Boteler, Knight, who was murdered at Bewsey in 1643 Emirs FOR TRAVELLERS AND 01TIERS. There are several good hotels in Warrington which cater not only for cyclists but for a snorting and sight- hying public. The Knutsford, the Stockport, and the Chester Roads are among the best in the country for a

===== 0002601_19020725_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MEM. ABOUT MILEPOSTS.

Warrington is alistaut from Sankey Station two and a half miles ; fr3m Liverpool it is over eighteen and a co.irter miles; and from Manchester its n3easerement is. as the Cbeehire Lioes train,and not the crow,flies,fifteen miles and fifty-sve chains.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A SUNDAY AFTERNOON SCENE IN IIdILL-LANEI—ALLEGATION3

A.QA.I.Iff4T CONSTAELE.

At the Wartington Police Court on Monday. before Mr F Monks (presiding) and other magistrates, Joseph Salt, 2. Mill-lane, was charged with assaulting P 0 Clough whilst acting in the execution of his duty in Mill lane at 340 on Sunday afternoon.—Mr Browne appeared for the defendant. P C Clough stated that at the time ha question he had the defendant's son in custody and was trying to get his name and address for shooting atones from a catapult. Defendant came up, together with some other relatives of the boy, and prevented him from getting the name and address. Defend- ant then tried to take the boy in the house, but witness would not let him. He told defendant that he was a police officer, bat 'defendant yr-Wetly struck him a violent blow on the side of the head His neck had been painful ever since. P.O 's Newey and Gibbs came on the scene and took defendant to the Police Station. Witness was Obliged I tl take the boy to the Potice Station to obtain his name and I address. Defendant was subsequently bailed out.--Cross- examined by Mr Browne, witness stated that the boy broke the catapult whilst witness was chasing him. The boy did not give his name and address. He did not know that the lad was suffering from an injury to his arm and that he was screaming with pain because he (Clough) was grasping it so tightly. He did not threaten to hit Mr Salt with his cane. The defendant did not push witness to prevent him from steiking him kdefendant), but wilfully struck him with his clenched fiat. By the Chief Constable : Witness had re- ceived a communication about the use uf catapults in that district from Mr Taylor, Police Court Missionary, Witness was frequently interfered with in this manner when he had occasion to arrest boys. He heard the defendant say at the Police Station that he did not know witness was a police- officer, or he would not have assaulted him.—P.O. Newey stated that Clough was surrounded by a large crowd. It was worse than Town's.encl." Defendant rushed out of the house and't punched " Clough in the face.—Mr ii Taylor. P.C.M , said he made a complaint to Clough about three boys catapulting in Piekmere-street. He did not know whether defendant's son was one of them —Superintendent Monaghan said he saw defendant at the Police Station and he stated that he did not know Clough was a police officer or he would not have struck him. He thought the constable was a farmer.—By Mr Browns: Defendant was in custody from four until nearly ten o'elock.—For the defence Mr Browne sal i defendant was a man of tha highest respecta- bility and had lived in Warrington 27 years. There was nothing whatever against him. On Sunday afternoon he was washing himself and heard a commotion in the street. Re ran out and saw his son being held by a man whom he thodght was a farm labourer from Sankey Hall. The boy's arm was Talented by an aceident a year or two ago and only a week ago had to be re-bifida:ad and embrocation applied. Clough was holding the boy by the arm, and the boy was screaming. Defendant went to Clough, not knowing that he was a policeman, and told him to let the boy g and summon him. The bay gave his name. The constable was going to strike the defendant with a stick and Mr Salt said ''lf you dare to hit me, I will bit you beak." Clough raised tbe stick a second time and defendant pushed him in the face. He (Mr Browne) submitted that the boy was wrongfully in custody. He could not be charged with discharging a missile from an instrument under the Towns Police Clauses Act when that Instrument was not in order. And if Clough did not see him commit an offence the boy was Illegally in custody. How, therefore. could Mr Salt be charged with assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty when the boy had committed no offence for which he could be taken into custody ?—P.O Clough was recalled and stated that the bag of stones produced was taken from the boy's pocket. He saw the boy shooting with the catapult.—The chairman said that on a point of law the Bench would decide against Mr Browne. After the complaints of catapulting, the police had a perfect right t 3 take a boy whom they suspected into custody, and no one had any right to interfere. It was for the Court to decide whether the police had done their duty or not.—Defendant then gave evidence and said Clough neverialtold him he was a policeman. Witness was unable to eleneh his fist. —Elizabeth Millington. Green-street. corroborated defend- ant's version of the affair.—Mrs Beechall, B. Lloyd-street, said Clough struck the boy several times. The boy gave his name and address when in Lloyd-street.—Mrs Burns, 34, Lloyd-etreet, said Clough handled the boy roughly and struck him. Witness spoke to him about it and he replied " I I shall strike you." The boy gave his name and address.—The Bench considered their decision in private, and on their return into Court the Chairman said the Benca looked to I ' every respectable citizm—and the believed the defendant to be one—to support the ponce in the execution of their duty. While they thought that, perhaps, the defendant had gone a little in excess of what he should have done, they were disposed to give him the benefit of the doubt and dis- miss the case, feeling that possibly in the excitement of the moment he might not have heard Clough Say that he was a policeman. HABITUAL THIEF AT WARRINGTON—SINGULAR DIFFCULTY. A boy named John Griffin, 37, Seotland-road, was brought before the Warrington magistrates on Saturday,and charged with stealing six brass oil cups, value 303, from the black- smith's shelp of Edward Connor on Thursdal evening.—The Chief Constableleald that on'Thureday the prisoner went to Mr Samuel ?Milton, Allen-street, and offered the oups for sale stating that hie uncle had sent him with them, Mr Plinston was suspleious that the boy had not ;mune by them honestly and in order that the cups might not be take's away and thus I lost sight of he made a formal purchase of them for 2 and immediately informed the pollee. Prisoner was arrested by Superintendent Monaghan and P C dough. When charged he made a number of contradictory statements, and finally admitted stealing the articles from Mr Connor's yard. Mr Plinston's action in the matter was perfectly boitelide, because Mr Connor had not evea missed the cups when Mr Plinston gave information. Prisoner was one of a gang of young thieves which the magistrates and police were making smaller by degrees. The lads in the gang were inveterate and habitual thieves—making thieving a daily practice. In May last prisoner was imprisoned for three days for theft, and in December of last year he was dealt with under the First Offenders' Ack for stealing by means of trick,—lt was stated that defendant was between 14 and IS years of age, and the magistrates ordered him to he sent to a reformatory until he was 19.—0 n Monday morning prisoner again appeared in the dock,and the Chief Constable explained that after the Court had risen on Saturday it was found that prisoner was over 17 years of age, and the reformatory authorities would, of course, refuse to receive him. The Clerk advised that the only thing that could be done was to discharge the lad. It was a most extraordinary case, and they knew what Dickens said about the law.—The Chairman, Tbe law is " a bass." (Laughter.)—lt was decided to send the lad to a reforma,ory as previously arranged, and if the authorities refused to admit him the Chief Constable was instructed by the magistrates to discharge him.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court. MOND lY —Before Mr F Monks (iii the chair), CounCHlOr Smethurst. and Messrs Birchall. Hayward, Thoraton, and Wright. .

TRATELLING WITHOUT A TlCKET.—William Newton, who said he came from Hanel:leder, was charged with travelling on the London and North-Western Hallway, from Chester to Warrington without having paid his fare.—Prisoner said he had bought a ticket.—Detectire Howells said the prisoner arrived at Bank Quay station by the Chester train at five , past eight on Saturday night. He was passing out of the

===== 0002601_19020725_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MOVDAY —Before Sir Richard Brooke (in the chair) an i A

F J Norrnan.

FRIGHTENED Br 4 PONY ---An old MED named John Morris. Cooper-street was charged with allowing his pony 0 stray on the 13th July.—P.C, Bratt deposed that on the date mentioned he was on duty in Regent-street at 12 o'clock, midnight, He saw the defendant's pony straying about the , street. Subsequently he learned that a good many people in the neighbourhood had been frightened by the rattling of the pony's hoofs as it went up the entries.—The defendant said that he had fastened the pony up all right in his yard at Ackerly's, Mill-street but somebody had set it adrift. They had don it before but he hut not been able to find out who had done 11.—The bench said they would take a ienient view of tbe matter andrthe defendant WAS lined 5. including costs. DETERRING ORILDREN.—A NOVEL METROD.—Thotwis Woodfine. Cooper-street, was charged with throwing stones on the 11th July to the danger of the pedestrians.—P Preston stated that on Saturday last he saw the defendant who was the worse for drink, going down Cooper-street, followed by a crowd of children When he got to his own door he picked up some stones and threw them at the chil- dren. When interrogated by the officer the defendant said he was throwing at the children to atop them following him Defendant was fined the costs 4s 63, A STRAY PIGEON —I. yodth named William Naughton Windmill-street, was summoned for throwing stones oa the 12th July.--P.C. Wilson proved the offence, and stated he had received several complaints from owners of property in Windmill-street re stone-throwing.—The de'endant stated that he was w %telling his brother's pigeons when a " drag got among them and settled on a house. He threw some stones at it t d send it back to its cote.—The Chairman said he would look over the offenee, which roust not be repeated. A STRANGER IN TROUBLE.—An old woman named Mary Hannon, Leeds, was summoned for being drunk in Cooper- street—PC. Wilson deposed that at 12.30 p m on Saturday he found her lying on the footpath quite drunk. As she had no relations in the town he had to lock her up-- Prisoner stated she was going to Chester to the strawberry gardens where she expected employrne,st,—Prisoner was dis- charged on premising to leave the town. AN OLD OFFENDER.—Joseph Bushill, against whom wls a long list of convictions was sent to goal for 14 daps for being drunk and disorderly in Church-street on the 12th July.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

Much anxiety has been fait with respect to Lord Gerard's condition, in view of the reports circu- lated. Lady Gerard has sent the following tele- gram regarding her husband's condition to Gars- wood Hall :—" The report in the papers incorrect. His lordship is in the sarat condition as he has been for the last ten days.—llary Gerard." _

, . Lord Gerard, whose illness at Garswood, Lanca- shire, has been perhaps too alarmingly reported, is, like his father before him, the head of the Lanca- shire Hussars, one of the finest Yeomanry carps in the North, the nucleus of which came from the I Gerard estates. The regiment was honourably rep- resented in the war; while L3rd Gerard, one of the earliest volunteers for the campaign, served on Sir Redvar's Butler's staff, his activities gaining for I him a " mention " from his chief. Sir Redvers, soast after his return from South Africa, was Lord and Lady Gerard's guest at Garswood. the old Lancashire home of the family, where the King also stayed in the early nineties. Lord Gerard, who red by Disraeli orperhap as a ns endowed the " Garswood Bed "in the imperial Yeomanry Hospital, is the premier Roman Catholic baronet; but, though he claims lineage from Otho, a great lord of Alfred's time, he is only the second o baron.item iTnh he is peeragepolipolicy y f conciliation,nfer was co " education '"'of the Gerard& co-religionists.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

-

===== 0002601_19020725_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "o,raintner Otras

T•• WARRINGTON AND MID-CB:REHIRE EXANINEE." published every Saturday morning. T" EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" .4 RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. T" "WIDNES ExAmn -ER," published every Friday afternoon

PREPAID ADVERTISEHENTS

APARTMENTS WANTED APARTM CPT, TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

HOUSES WANT ED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

One Three . Elia Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

JOHN WALKER & C/0. / BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

Bomtstir gotrbantO, en.

AVANTIS% good GHSBRAL.--Apply 21, HAer-vrEw, Preston.

WANTED MINERAL SSIIVANT, about 23.—Addeess W Mum. Railway Inn, Broadneath.

WANTED. GENERAL, about Z. for small family; wash ; references.—Mrs. liuuncrr, Navigation-road, Altrincham.

TV wages COON (Plain) or good COOK GENERAL. wages £22; Housemaid, 1218.—Apply Mrs GORST Lootock. Bolton.

WANTIID, 0001E-MINIIIIAL ; four in family; house- maid and nurse kept; photo,—Mrs WALTER, 282, Lytham-road, Biaolipool.

_ CTOCKPORT INFIRMARY.—WANTMD, strong G. as 13 Scullery Maid. beginning of August; good reference necessary.—Apply, Manton.

'-'IW,

lAt ANIED COOK and Housemaid. small family. no late V dinners, woman to WSIL, good wages.—Mrs JOHNSON 36 Parker-street, Warrington.

WANTED at once a YOUNG GIRL as Housemaid; small family, quiet, comfortable bome.—Apply BROMLEY. Agnes-road, Blundellsands, Liverpool.

IVANTED A STRONG ACTIVE GIRL, Family of 2, no children, Orphan preferred.—Apply, MBEI. SCOTT, 35, Larkhill Terrace. Bleckburn, Lancashire.

GOOD COOKS, HOUSEMAIDS, GISHEEALS, aIRLS 14 to 16 wanted at once —BenNee REGISTRY. 230, Waterloc-road, Hightown, Manchester.

LL CLASSES of SERVANTS ready from country and 11 town, public and private.—Ladies should call or write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldham•street, Manchester. Estab 1862.

WANrEDj COOKS. HOUSHMAIDS. Nurses, Several Generals. Some for Master and Mistress only.— BOTTOMLEfa REGIaTRY, Morley-Street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

A LL CLASSES of SITUATIONS, private and public; 11.. good homes excellent wade,; places in town,country and seaside.-Write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldbam-st.,Manchester.

WANTED at once good GENERAL. No Washlng. Four in family. Wages £l2 to £l4 Also young Girl as nnrsemaid wages MO.—Apply INGLEHURST, Dickinson-road Blackpool.

LIXPHRIBNCED Male and Female NURSES at a .12.4 moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INgrur- Tlo,r, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 573, Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

100K6 WANTBD from £23 to £24, Housemaid Waitresses £lB to £23, Generals LAS to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent place.; small families —Write to HARRISON'S, 6 Oldham- street, Manchester.

-vki ANTED Good GENERAL for family of three in South- port ; Main washing. comfortable eituation for clean, willing girl ; good references inclii pensable.—Apply by letter 118, LtvEnPooL-nas.n. Birkdale, Southport.

Manteb.

W ARTBD.WATSOYS SOAP WRAPPERS.—F. LIVESET, Y M 5. Burnley-lane. Oldham.

WANTED to Adopt a HEALTHY BABY; good home.— Apply Mrs FORDE. 101. Henry-street, Church, near Accrington.

Ar IRS DRAWER WARTED, used to 4 t,o 12, good work for steady asan. —Apply F A POWER AND SON, Baltley, Birmiaalsans.

DIVOECE EVIDENCE OBTAINED, mysteries solved, suspicions persons wafcbed, anonymous letters traced. NELSoN, 96, Eirkgate, Bradford.

WANTBD particulars. Homes for Guests, Inv.lide, Cbildrea. Apartmet,its. Schools, Furnished Houses. Tuamma, 168 Flocadilly, Lot don.

WAR MEDALS wanted,dated 1848,22 given ; also Arctic. Red River, Firket, Atoara, ltatabele,Mashona,Fenian Raid, &c.—Major TOMBS, Droitisich.

A GENTS WANTED to Bell Hardware, Jewellery, Fund- -LA. Lure. Clothlna,Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—HZRIUDGE AND Co (102) Ipirmlnicham.

-WANTHD. ail kinds of Cast-off CLOTHING, beet prices V given ; cash on receipt of parcel ; write immediately. —Taoa.smsT, 55, Chorley-street, Warrington.

CONFECTIONERY.—A COMFORTABLE HOME to suit- able GIRL as APPRENTICE. Near Wigan. State age.—Addrese W.." Examiner " Office. Warrington.

AGlETTS.—Vnergetic Agents wanted, for sale of horse cattle and poultry foods. applications by letter only to the PARAGON FOODS Co, 79i Gracechurch-st London, E C

WVANTSD, Seaside cr Country House In exchange for 6 per cent. Preference Shares in Company paylnig 10 per cent, on its ordinary.—Howanns BROS., Stretford-road, Manchester.

100,21ARL ASsURANCB COMPANY.—Wanted, energertic YOUNG MAN, canvass and collect; salary and co in MiSSlOD.—Apply DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT, 26, Arpley- street, Warrington,

WANTED a good Reliable DAIRY of good keeping well. cooled Milk ; prompt payments; farmers or bankers' reference.—Apply. stating quantity. to A RAY, 91, Upper Warwick-street, Liverpool.

GENTS WANTED (Warrington and district), either Lt whole or spare time, for an Investment Company ; salary and commission to suitable men.—Apply, 21 YORK BUILDINGS, Idoslec-street, Manchester.

ECOMB increased in Spare 'limo No experience needed. I Agents wanted all over England. to sell to private fanzines. New-Laid Stamped }kg*, in dozen. safety packets., —Tax ULSTER NEW-L.A.ID EGG DEPOT Cookstown, Tyrone.

SANITARY IBSPECTORSHIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for Manchester and other examinations; pre vious experience unnecessary; over 250 successful candidates- ladies eliaible.—Apply HCBERT Musaase, Sanitary Science teacher, Sunderland. blame paper.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
itiatignerg, etc.

ABOUT 50 GOOD WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, all kinds; low prioes.—Gnmiwoon's, 48, Nolesworth- street, Rochdale.

HIGH-CLASh GAS ; new design ; latest Im- proVeMentS. Sizes in stoek. one to twenty-four brake borse power.—BLIJAH ABirwoßTS, Clollyhurst, Manchester.

'VCR BALE. excellent VERTICAL ENGINE and Boiler, 12 Bhatting and Chaff Catter.—Apply Wirao.st, 38, Van- dyke-street, Lodge-lane, Liverpool.

PIS WORT YOUR WHIL TO BUY YOUR LUBRICANTSH DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROrIVE. largest sale In the world. Engine Oil, 110. ; Cylinder Oil, 110, • Machinery Oil. 110. • Spindle oil, 9d.; Gal Engine Oil', 1.6 6d. ; Dynamo Oil, ls'6d per gallon ; in barrels. free and Carriage paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London. E.O. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow ; 1, Sandbill, Quayside, fie weastle—on-Tyne.

-- pA T NT Of PIC R. MANCHESTER, BaTemtalutis IN 1835. Messrs, GEORGE; DAVIES & SON have la 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossesspraetlealknowledqe of the eotton,woolien and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law,' Fries 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price le. GEORGE DAVINS. C.E., A SON, F.1.P.A.. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ED be /rt.

MARKET-STREET. good SHOP with 11ousP£50. BRIDGE STREET, CORNER SHOP, until 25th March next, premier position. PBElCETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and 2s. Sd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—No 55.

SIX-STALLED STABLH to be Let,eithet wholly or in part; excellent condition.—Apply Jomi K LITTLER, 23.1rwe11- lane, Runcorn.

- LET. STABLE and COACHHOUSE. With lofts over large yard attached off Tanneraane.—ApplT wow's & 'Sox Solicitors, 65, Horsemarketstree Warringt3ip

910 LET. lathe centre of Liverpool. the OLDHAM- " STREET LADDER. TRESSLE and BARROW WORK. rixtuses £lO ; rent £3s.—Apply 2, Oldham-st., Liverpool,

Itotels, flptiros, Zoartiing 05tabl.

ifARROGATE.--•• St. Heil ers," First-class BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT. Best Position in Harrogate.

D LACSPOOL. —BROOKL&Ill DS BOAKDING HMS- LISIDIEINT, 12, Tyldesley-terrace Promenade : every window sea view; highly reo,,mmended; moderate—WlSEMAN.

ST. ANNBS-')N-SBA.—Mrs HASTHAM (late of Douglas) Barbara Villas, St Annes-road East, Private apartments,

QT. ANNWS-ON-SEA.—Birs, J. H. TAYLOR (of Oldham). Sunnyside, 15, St, Alban's rd. Piano. Terms moderate.

DIM, I.O.M.—Miss KELLY,Creg Malin View ; command- I_ ing situation, overlooking the Bay; splendid bathing and boating.

MORECAMBE.—lid RA, W HITTAK ER, 12, Grafton road. W..—Apartinents, Public or Private ; near sea and Alhambra.

BLACKPOOL—Home from home; good beds; near Central Station and sea; piano—Mrs CALVERT, 44 Hornby-road,

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable home. is. each person or bed and attendance; piano—Mn, BROOKS, 10. Ry dal- terrace, Central-road.

DLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, 12, Leopold- -1.) grove ; overlooking Winter Gsr.lens.—Dlrs W. PILKING- TON, Blackpool.

SOUTHPORT. -.Public and private apartments, Pianos, The MISSES BOLOFIELD AND Maas, Beach View, 32, Seabank-road,

NIORECAMBE.--Superfor APARTMENTS. comfortable home. f4clng sea and West—eud pier.—Mrs WILSON, 9, Erring-terrace.

BISWICTW YTH.—Comtorcnbie APAR lALUNTs ; sea- ti view ; nearWromeuade.—Mrs MUULESS, Cllffel Home, Bryn•y-Mor-road.

MRS MATHRR (near station and sea). APARTMENTS; bath and piano.-16, ST. DAVID'S-ROAD SMITE, St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

APARTMBIITS with or without board, good cooking; Near the sea and woods.—is BOYD.Bilerelle,Belgrave- road. Colwyn Bay.

RHYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, with home com- forts ; terms moderate.—.Ars I.l.svie, Brosely Horse, 3, Clwyd-street, Rhyl.

CUMBERLAND LAKE DISTEICT.—For Free List of Furnished Mouses, bportiog Estates, apply J HARDING, 40, King-etreet, Penrith.

A PARTMENTS, one sitting and two bedrooms. Healthy IA situation.—Mrs Roemon, Middlefield Villa,Park-road, Heathwaite Windermere.

MEW BdlGHlON.—Comfortable APAHIMSDITS ; good 11 cooking; moderate terms.—Mra BOWMAN and NELLIE JONES, 27, Waterloo-road.

DLACKPOOL.—auperlor AeARTIIRDITS ; with or with- out board, near lea, atations, and amuaements.—MßS PAL.MER. 93, Albert-road.

NORTH WAI,IO.—To be let, HOIJSBS, furnished, un- -11 furnished or apartments.—BltACKElTONE AND C0..710u52 Agents, Colwyn Bay,

,1 1 tOUGLA.S, ISLE OF MAN.—APARTMENTeI. with or 1 _LI without board ; plano.—Misa HENRY, 9. Victoria- terrace (off Broadway).

DLACKPOOL.—iteliable APARTMENTS; good Bea view* _LI third door from prom.—Mre CARTLEDGE, 5 Wellington- road. Term moderate.

ORECA MBIL—Mrs. Premrara..l2, Wellington. terrace .L.V.I near L. and rf.-W. Station ; piano; home lrom home, 5 minutes from Promenade.

f".LEETHORPES.—TO LET Drawing-room, Landing, Private or otherwise ; three beds.—Mrs Hose, Bamff House, 9, Victoria Terrace.

CLIIVELBYS, POULTON-Lll-FYLDIL—Near electric tram and Bea; piano, bath, W.C. &c.—Mrs ALFRED MARSDEN, Primrose Place.

ID HYL.—Superior APARTIIIINTS,second house to Parade. _I I. good cooking and attendance ; Staffordshire family.— BRYISTEG HOUSE, River-street.

T LANDUDNO.—Beautitut situation near Prom.. we 11.1.1 .1.1 aired beds, bath, ete.—Misses briurroN, Frondirion, hosebery-avenue, eralg-y-don.

BpLicxPOOL.—BODIK Ffto3l HUM d.—Cilood beds ; near Central Station and 9ea ; piano.—MrS. WADDINGTON. 64, Albert-road, 69, Coronation.street.

riLIIVLBYS.—PubIie mid private apartments facing sea; bath ; moderate terma.—Mrs CHADWICK. neacroft, promenade, Oleveleye, near to tram.

COUNTRY APARTMENTS between Preston and South- port, Large Garden. Orchard, Bath and plane. MRS. TAYLOR. The Poplars, Longton Bridge

A Bolt! YOUR BUMMER HOLIDAYS. Consult the Ei. "Camp Herald"; illustrated, free.—SEOßEranr, Holi• day camp, Groudle near Douglas, 1.0. M.

14LACKPOOL.—APAHTMENTS public and private, most Central position near Talbot-roAd Station, Trams, Sea Amusements.—Mrs OGDEN, 39 Queen-street.

LANFAIR TALHAURN.—APARTMENTS TO LET Well-furnisbed villa situated above the village ; ful; View, of vale ; good cooking every attendance; ft shing` elegraph.-31ra BYANs,Bronllan,Llanfair talhaiarn, Abugele

Opartmento, surnffsbeb ilcusses

QCARBOBo.—Apartments facing North Isay.—PzAKE, 30 A. 7 Blenheim Terrace. Boarders from be per day.

ST. 4.11NR8-OR-1:38A. ISI Superior APARTBNTS ; close to lea, tram, golf.—Piicims, Ripley, Derbe-road.

B URTON,—APARThiIiNTS, suitable for a family qr other- wise.—SMITH. 12. Bridge-street, Spring Gardens.

BLAciirooL.—PUiILICI and PttIVATH APART/ABATIS Giese to see and north pier.—fdrs POWELL. ah Clocker- Street, North Shore.

SCAILBuROUGH.—TO Lla for summer months well-fur- nished house; pleasant situation —Apply UNDERWOOD, Cioathlancl, York.

DARROUTH, WiLLBS —West eud House. Board resid- ence or ABA aTkiIiNTS on ses-tront. Special terms for families.—Apply WINCHESTER.

TDB, I.W.—Comfortable APAISTMENTS, left view,good cooking, two bedsooms and sittingroom.—Dlnikestoox, 9, Nelson-street, Hyde. 1 W.

OBBCA.MBH.—fahe SAMUEL ()RYER. flamer House, Walker-street, off Thorntoo-road, Five minutes from station and lea. Bath and piano.

MORI R SOAMB W.f... comfortable APARTAUNTS public or private also combined room, Bath.—Ains. LEE, tiazeldene, 59, Sea View parade.

A PieIetTMSNTS, well furniebed reivonable term.; three minute; trom pier and promenale.—Wmancue, 7, Westminster-road, Morecambe, W.

I) HYL.—COMFOtiTABLo APBIiTMMNId, with or with- out board,occommodation for cyclists ; terms moderate. —WiLmaiss, Dining rooms. 9. Market-street.

I LANDUDNO, 0011FORTABLR APalardriNTS one .1.4 minute trom beach. livery convenience. Terms reason- bble.—lans FOULYES, 11, Victoria Terrace, Craig-y-don.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
hocks, U 5 (MOO t . eft.

O SAL% ICE WILIAM CART AND 11TIINSILS.—Apply, ‘..fi JOSEPH BENNETT, 1, Duke-street, Leigh. Lancashire.

HAIRDRESSER'S BUSINESS on SALE; main road; established 15 years; going abroad.—WOLLAND, 441 lochdale-reed, Manchester.

til..llllooit (good) ; corner position ; bolder's alea. lease N. fixtures, stock and furniture, £l7O old.-11.5, iPARH ROAD, Hockley, Birmingham.

g HOCBRI AND CONFNOTIONRBY ; 114. UNION-ROAD, kJ!" Oswaldtssistle. near Accrington ; to Let as a going concern.—Apply on the premises.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
&harts.

el AMBS P. BATH and SON, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, Establisbed 1875. 29. RA NELAGU-STERET, LIVERPOOL

J OHN WALKER. & CO., COMMERCIAL AND GENERAL PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &c., &c.] EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET, W A ERIN GM

Pates bp Pribate Ertarp

21 Days SALs Fireproof Safes by Miler rte., bargains. -- LEVY'S, Frederick-street, Sunderland.

_ BRACES as supplied to the Army. strongest made is. free. —W WEtTWOOD, Aekworth, route rect.

TIBTURS FORBTOLD.ruIIng planet ic,state blrthtime, 61 stamped envelope.—Bowsmes,Clough Bridge,Brldlington.

4ZEIND P 0 2s ed for real lt-earat rolled gold platted dress ring, ladles and gents, worth 10s.—BArrenort, 61, Whttestile-road, Brentford.

A STROLOGY.—Your Future Foretold, marriage, ao., 'tate 11. birthtime, 13 stamps, stamped envelope. PROF. BOP,— NESS (Desk V), Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

s,nno. HANDBILLS, 6s; 11.0.0), WI; 1,000 address vuk, Cards, Invoices, memos. e., be ; 600. 3e 6d ; tags, 4s I,ool3:—HiarPegme. 65, Nortd; St-street, Leeds.

-n OH LINB COMPLEXION PAD imparts to the skin marvellous beau: y ; dazzling whiteness pretty jewellery present 1.1.—" HONELIIIK." 51, Kellett-road. Brixton.

GLIIDEN, Park and Lawn Seats and Chairs, strong and beantifully finished ; British hand-made hose, !list poet free —RICHARD Porn AND Co, Tithebatn-street, Liverpool.

IL.ILENHOLD LAND, £2B per acre, Wallop Wonston and Clhilbolton; picturesque and healthy villages in Hants ; plots £18: free deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars, Mr. BRAKE, Obilbolton, Stockbridge, Hants.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers 1,7 well. After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ng."—J. Blass, lielithorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rate with Sanford's Folson."-0. CooK, Farmer. Lllesmere. " I destroyed 145 rat, with it."—C. WILSON, Off ord.—Send Is 24 to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Cheirdsts.

,Oatts bp Votrate 'tat)).

UCZEMA.—Certain cure. Prescription (plain English) 18 id post free.—litit.voa, 13 1.11,W/1-street, Coventry.

AVALUABLE Receipt for the cure of Indigestion, post free for 7 stamps.—Address W.lt., 93 bTAUSITON- STREET, Portsmouth.

TO Hotel and P.H Proprietors.—Best 2d Cigar in the world bample is direct from Manufacturer.— INPORTER, 26 Beckenham-road. Penge, London. Thousands selling

NOVELTY POSTCARD. -Illustrations produced by rub- bing with coins. At all stationers, or 6d by posu, is - SHAW. 9 bouthampron•st, Hoibern,London. Agents wants I.

(EtgO, Voultrp, ttr.

PCIIB-MiHD Buff Orpington's ; r-ggs de per doe. (unter- tile replaced); Chickens from 6s per doz. Lis sent.— NIGHTINGALES Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

ebtarEtt t on.

IVRLSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Comfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains.

100r0e55. garriageO, Etbe *tork, 3cr

INVALID CARRIAGE with rubber tyres on SALE, first class order.—BLacic HORSE, Farnworth, Widnes.

epties, ttr

LEA-FRANCIS, ROYAL ENFIELD, TRiuMPH, SUNBEAM.

Finest Selection extant. Spring frames, Cress frames, and Featherweight Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guinea Machines (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free Cash or easy payments. Second- hand machines from £2 10s.

FIITCHINGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD Sr, & 165, DUKE Sl, LIVZItPOOL,

===== 0002601_19020725_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
HENII Y MILES

AND COMPANY'S

SUMMER SALE

OF SURPLUS srocx ON MONDAY NEXT, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. OWEEFING REDUCTIONS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT: SPECIAL PURCHASES OF SUNSHADFS, TOChINETTE TiNDERWEAR, UNDERCLOTHING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

SKIRTS, DRESSING} GOWNS & JACKETS, CORSETS, BLOUSES, SHIMS, Sc SLIPS, BABYLINEN, CHILDREN'S SHIRTS, Sic., &C.

Meagre HENRY MILES AND COMPANY desire to draw special attention to the goods e min, rated below, which are of the most fashionable kind Every article is fresh and clean as it lett the maker's bands. The value is so exceptional that cuatomera will do well to call early.

C lIILDREN'S SUNSEIADES.

The better qinlities in fihildren'a SUNMADTIS will be offered at

is 01D, is 61D AND IS 1110. EACH.

USUALLY le 63/4D, 2s 6ID, AND 3e-11; v 13—A—C—H:

LADIES' SUNSHADES.

1 SALE PRICE 1 62 EACH. CFloral, S&f, and Striped Sateen SUNSIIi DES, Some with Steel tubes. Usually le 111dfand 23.6 d each.

SALE PRICE 1S 111 2D EACH.

Floral, Striped, and Self S UNTS [-MOBS, plain and tucked in Silk Mixture or Best .sateen, all c -daunt. Usually 2s lid to 35 lid each.

SALE 1-RICE 2S 112 D EACH

Erwin) and pure silk SUNSHAMBS, in Stripes. Self- colours, and Floral Designs ; others in Muslin, lined. The handles are in China, mounted or natural wood. Usually 4s lid and 5s lid each.

SALE PRICE 35 IID EACH.

SPEClAL—Beautiful SUNSHADI3 in Glace Silk (Stripes Shot, or Plata). Mery Silk in Self-shades, Striped Grass. lawn Lined ; all with Choice Handles ; this Season's Patterns. Usually 6s lid and 8s lid each.

SALE Pit O RICE S lAD EACH.

Choice SUN:HADES. In Striped and Checked Glace Silk. Tucked Sarah Silk, Embroidered Glace Silk, Surah Silk, Trimmed Chiffon (embroidered) and plain Chene Silk in Floraltdesigne and striper; with Natural or Fancy handles, Usually 10s 9d to 12s lid each

SLR PRIOR 8s HD BACH.

- -- EXTRA SPRCIAL.—The High-class Sunshades for Carriage or Garden Party wear, made from best quality silke, with beautifully Tucked Chlffan Linings ; Gilt Frames and Choice Handles. Usually 15s lid to 25e 6d each.

LADIES' CORSETS, S lALE PRICE IS 4:2V; PER PAIR.

Pink, Sky, Hello, Drab and White CoutWe CORSETS, all sizes, travellers' sarnples ; usually Is 111 d,

11 SALR PRICE I.S 1 J 12D *PER PAIR. A Superior Assortment of Ladies' CORSETS, fitted whale- bone, In Coutille, Sateen and Net, shades White. Drab and Black, all sizes ; usually 2s Did to 4s lid per pair. NOT IL—The better qualities have been much reduced In price during this sale.

c LADIES' SUMM SKIRTS.

=All this Season's Patterns, in'Stripes, Checks an Self Shades. Print, Drill and Cambric Washing SKIRTS. Will be Offered at Is Old, Is sid, and Is llid each. Usually Is Did. 2s 6d, and 2s llid each. English and French Diuslin Washing SKIRTS, with two or three Frills; Choice Patterns. - These ate 4enulne Bargains, - • - - -

Offered at is 110, 23 llfd arid 4s lld each. Usually 2s 11.1 d, 4s lid and 7s lid each.

LADIES' SKIRT KNICKERS. Travellers' Samples and Odd Lots at 50 per cent reduction; all fresh and clean. Ladies' SKIRT KNICKIIRS In Print, Tweed, Alpaca and Zephyr. all shades. Wlll be Offered at Is 60, Is 'lad and 3s lid, Usually Is 6d, 4a lid and Is ltd. STOCKINETTE-- -r U NDERWEAR.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' UNDERVE 3TS

Ladies' Ribbed Cotten UNDERVRSTS, in colours and White, with fancy tops. Sale prices 2d, 6fl and 9id each. Usually 6d, 100 and Is 3t-d each. Ladies' Ribbed-Plated Spun UNDBRVESTS, in colours and white, with fancy tops Sale prices 60, 90, and is 0d each. usually 6fd, Is L id. and Is 60 each. Ladies Pure Spun UNDERVESTS, superior goods, all shades, with fancy crochet tops. sale prices... Is Sid, Islld and 25 Ild each. Usually ls lirl, 25 Ilfd and 35 lid each.

BODICES AND SPENCERS. Ladies' White Balbriggan Cotton BODICES and SPENCERS. short and long sleeves. Some plain and others trimmed with lace.

Sale p7ices 6i-cl.9id, and ls 30 each. Usually 9O, Is 20, and Is 9fd each.

COMBINATIONS. Ladles' Ribbed-cottoa Plain Balbriggan and Merino COM- BINATIONS. The better quality have smocked knees. Sale prices...la GO. is 60. and Is Did each. Usually Is bid, Is 111 d, and Is lid each.

Ribbed Spun Silk COMBINATIONS. in fancy shades, per- fect fitting and supe, ior quality, Sale prices... 25 Hid, 4$ lid and 6s lid each. Usually... ...... 35 11d, 6s lid, and 105 9d each.

- , , _ ...,.......,„—. VERY SPECIAL —Morley' English-make Superior- quality Novi Spun COMBINATIONS, full fashioned, with low necks all perfect and fresh garments, Sale price lOs lid, usually 15s lid each.

SPECIAL REDUCTIONS HAVE BEEN MADE IN LONOCLOTH AND NAINSOOK UNDERWEAR.

LADIES SHIRTS AND SLIPS. SALE PRICE IS Wm EACH.

Ladies' Zephyr, Tingßah Print, and Cambric—S-liiit. TS, with self collars and Cu, various patterns and styles, ususlly ls 110 each.

Oc.-_, 6' ALE PRICE IS 2 EACH.

Ladies' Print and Cambric SHIRTS, Ame,rioan saddle, tailor-made, in checks and fancy patterns, perfect in every way, all colours ; worth Zs lid each.

SALE PRICE b 112 E RACE.

English. American. and French Print. Cambric and Zephyr Tailor-made SHIRTS, perfect fitting, some em- broidered, and others tucked, in white, self shades, stripes and checks ; worth 3s lid each, Fashionable SLIPd, in White French Cambric, with hand- some needlework fronts ; worth 61 lid

SALE PRIOR 23 11 HAM

- ----- Best-quality French Print SHIRTS. handsomely-tucked fronts. all colours ; worth 4s lid to 6s 11d. Superior-quality Fine Alpaca SHIRT 3, lined throughout, Self Shades, perfect goods ; worth 6s Ild each, French Helaine, Mercerised Silk, and French Muslin SLIPS, beautifulP, made and trimmed, all choice patterns and colours ; worth 4s lid to 8 lid each.

MUSLIN WAISTCOATS. S 11 ALE PRICE 2S JL.L2D. EACH. Ladies' White transparent Muslin WAISTCOATS, lined, beautifully trimmed with either lace or needlework inser- tion, very choice good.; worth 6s lid each.

UNDER•SLIPS. SALE PRICE 91D EACH. Ladies' Cambric SLIPS, in White, Pink, Gold, Nil, Helio- trope, and Sky.

LADES' SILK SHIRTS. SALE PRICE 28 IED EACH. _

Ladhe Striped Washirtz Silk SHIRTS. with self-coloured sailor collar, lined throughout. usually 4. lid each.

SALE PRICE 43 11D BACH.

A charming assortment of Ladles' Silk SHIRTS, in every possible shade and all the newest shapes, in tucks and fancy stripes and self colours. marvellous value. Former mice 7s lid each.

CHOICE GOODS.

Ladies Tucked and Fancy Silk SHIRTS, in 20, designs and In every fashionable colour, also Black and White, all beautifully made, lined, and perfect fitting. Special value at les 11d, 12e lid, 143 I Id, to 293 6cl each.

HENRY MILES AND CO.'S ADVE ansEm ENT CONTINUED.

TIIE departure of The New Chancellor. LORD SALISBURY is bj

no means the most im- portant change which awaits the Cabinet. Since _ .

his cesignation of the Foreign Secretaryship he has done none of the detailed work of administra-

tion. He never took the business of supervising his subordinates seriously. The old ideal was that the Premier should see each of his Ministers daily. That was impossible in a Cabinet of twentj and an aged man at its head. Moreover, while , the Ministry includes two nephews, a son, and a

son-in-law, LORD SALISBURY has retired only in the most formal sense of the word. He is still the head of the House of Cecil, which is still the dora- Mating element in the Government. The approach- ing resignation of Sir MICEIARL HICKS-BEACIIIS in reality an event of greater consequence. For iP a Ministry which tended to fall into two familY groups he was a solitary and an independent h'° a very powful force. He leaves no successor, and his ideas are represented only by a few thoughtful Tories, who are not at all likely to be called t° the front bench. Eveats had been too much for him in the last few years, but to the best of hit.

individual strength he had combated the grov/log tendency to Imperialism and extravagance. -FILS Budget swelled from year to year, but no one wio more alarmed than he at its monstrous growth,and no one warned the nation more faithfully against the tide which bore him along. With his retire- ment the new tendencies will reign unchecked.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
_-- -,,,, isiarili -- - -_--_ -

There will be no one to resist the reckless demands for doles and armaments, no one to preach the unpopular doctrine of retrenchment, no one to stand stoutly in the breach which has already been made in our traditional system of Free Trade. Probably because,he knew that his own resignation would not be long postponed—it is no secret that for two years past he has remained at his post only from personal loyalty to Lord SALISBURY—he surrendered too easily to his Protectionist col- leagues. The Bread Tax has paved the way for the changes that are now inevitable. Mr. CHAM- BERLAIN has long been an open advocate of some Imperial system of Protection. If he has failed so far to put his theories into practice, that was only because nothing could be done while the CHAN- CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER remained a convinced Free Trader. But la his last great speech at Bir- mingham Mr. CHAMBERLAIN ;threw all disguises aside. That manifesto is now of greater import- ance than on the day it was uttered. It told, as plainly as words can speak, that in the view of the KING'S most powerful minister Free Trade is an "obsolete shibboleth," that Imperial unity can be attained and a commercial supremacy secured only by the abandonment of the system which under- lies the prosperity and the growth ofihalf a century.. No doubt the change will be cautiously prepared. We shall be told that any sacrifice is worth making which may lead to Free Trade within the Empire. No great revolution will be attempted at first. It will seem a trivial concession to allow a prefer- ence to a few Colonial products such as Australian wines. But a beginning of this kind is fat 0. One cannot grant favours to Australia and withhold -them from Canada. One cannot allow a rebat on wine and refuse it on wheat or sugar. And A the Canadian wheat-grower or the Victorian vint- ner are assisted, by what logic could we refuse to help the timber-mercl ant of Ontario or the sheep- farmer of New Zealand P We may continuo to import impartially from all the world, convinced that our interest is to obtain cheap food wherever we can buy it to the best advantage. Or we may decide to 'sacrifice our own poorer classes in order to permit the Colonial producer to charge high prices and develop his own resources at our expense. But in the long run we shall have to follow one system or the other with some approach to consistency.

IT will be a very interest- The Czar and ing sequel to the Hague " Trusts." Conference if the CZAR

should succeed in carrying out his present inten- tion of calling an International Conference to make war on "Trusts" and "Combines." These organisations are fast becoming the common scourge of all civilised peoples. Their operations extend far outside the frontiers of the States in which they originate, and if they can be fought

it is obvious that there must be some cohesion among their victims. But it is hard to guess what means can be devised. The Americans are an ingenious and an inventive people. They have long been at the mercy of trusts which control their railways, their coal, their steel and their o From day to day we read how one groat piratical clique is making an assault on their beef supply while another attacks their wheat,so that between

_ the two something like famine threatens New York, and riots have been of almost daily occur- rence. For years past one of their two great American parties has bent all its energies to com- bat these Trusts by legislation. It has not suc- ceeded, and one may well doubt whether the united wisdom of Europe could achieve much liksliz where the acute wits of the American democracy

_ have conspicuously failed. There is, however, one condition which is almost indispensable to the growth of a "Combine "—a high protective tariff. No doubt even with Free Trade " trusts" are possible. We have them in this country in the electrical industry, in the manufacture of thread and of tobacco, for example. But so long as our ports are open to foreign merchandise, so long as competition in our markets is unrestricted, no syndicate can ever attain ths tyrannous strength of the American Trusts, because it cannot become a genuine monopoly. It is only since the McKin- ley tariff practically closed the ports of the United States to European imports that the Trusts have grown so powerful and so selfish. They can fix their own prices so long as they control the legislature and idictate the tariff. To achieve political influence is thus one of the first objects of a Trust's ambition in any Protec- tionist country. Thus we find in South Africa that as soon as the group of capitalists—of which the ECKSTEINS and Mr. Barr are the chief—have bent the Government to their will and destroyed the Dutch Republics, they at once start the manu- facture of dynamite, because they can rely on Lord MILNER to impose duty of ss. per case on the im- ported article. That is a useful object-lesson. Monopolies flourish under Protection, and are secure only when they can control the Gov ern- meat. The moral is obvious. If we cannot destroy " Trusts," at least we can refrain from creating the condition under which alone they can become a menace. :Pres Trade and unrestricted competition are our best safeguards. If, fo example, we were to adopt Mr. CHAMBERLAIN' Zollverein—cenfine our wheat supply to Canada, our mutton to New Zealand, and our sugar to Jamaica —we should very soon find that all these articles would be" cornered," and we should corn to depend for our daily broad o a the tender mercie of half-a-dozen foreign Jews. Wheat is safe a present only because Canada, Russia, and the United States compete freely in our markets,

Sir Edward Grey's motion on Sir Radversßaller's behalf was defeated by a very heavy majority' and the voting by no means, followed ordinary party lines. General Buller s friends have cer- tainly succeeded in exposing the inconsistency and Weakness of the Government. In fact, the more we have come to know about this mysterious case the less it is possible to approve the conduct of any of the parties. One cannot rate Sir Redvers Buller's personal qualities too highly—the courage which won him the V.C., his care for the lives of i his men,his mercy to friend and foe, his success n the management oF the commissariat, and, rarest quality of all, the bluff honesty which showed so well in his refusal to re-write his own despatches at the bidding of the War Office. These are valuable and, above all, able qualities. But a general must have something more. At Colenso General Buller failed disastrously, and it is hard to see why he was treated so much More leniently than General Gatacre. The panic in which he incited General White to surrender Ladysmith was even more inexcusable. The same weakness appeared at Spion Kop, where, from a kindly desire not to interfere with Sir Charles Warren, he allowed his plans to be muddled, with calamitous results. After repeated mistakes of this kind a strong Government would have put a more capable General in command. Instead of this Sir Redvers was left in the field, thanked for his exertions, and even promoted to the command of the First Army Corps. So far from showing

animus against him the War Offi co behaved with excessive deference towards a deservedly popular commander, presumably because it lacked the courage to do its duty. In the end, after passing over his really serious mistakes, it punished him severely for a trivial breach of etiquette. The story of the garbled despatches makes ugly reading, but worst of all is the revelation of the weakness and hesitation which left an important command at a critical moment in the hands of a roan whom the democracy idolised, while all the while the War Office had in its pigeon-holes the clearest evidence that he was unequal to his great responsibility.

The success which attended the cycle parade of two years ago has emboldened the members of the Warrington Cycling Club to undertake another parade for the benefit of the Warrington Infirm- ary and Dispensary and the District Nursing Association. The parade &c, will take place on Saturday, the 23rd of August, and an effort is being made to make the spectacle even more interesting and suncessful than its predecessor. The parade will be followed by a smoking concert at which the prizes for the best caricatures and turnouts will be distributed. Warrington people generally take kindly to displays of this kind for charitable purposes and if the forth- coming function is favoured by fine weather there is every reason to believe that the two institutions mentioned will receive considerable financial help by the parade. Both charities require a large annual income for their maintenance and a sub- stantial subscription as the result of the parade will be heartily welcome.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t I

===== 0002601_19020725_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19020725_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COI TAGE HOSPITAL FOR NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIELD.

The Floral Bazaar.

This b;,zaar. which wan opened on Thursday for the ourpsse or asAreing the Cottage Hospital movement for Barlestewn and Newton, has proved a very successful venture. If the amount realised did not reach that eatimatrd by some of tte more sanguine promoters,it is nevertb, less decidedly creditable, especially w'oen it is cmsidered that the public have had numerous and heavy demands made upon them of late. On the first day the sum of £lO5 was raised in the various depart- ments. The stalls though very much depleted were u- stocked for the second das 's proceedings. As waa expected the attendance of Friday afternoon was not very large, most of the tradespeople, from whom patronage was looked for, being tied to their business premises on account of market day. The sale was opened by Dr Mouacey Though ii: was expected business would not hA so briak as on the first day a sum of about £5O was raised. The Makerfield Amateur Dramatic Society gave t•evaral ' capital perForrnances. the piece "F.irnisbed Apar:mint," being staged and acted in a very &ever manner. The Farm School Band contributed selections during rf e afternoon. All the aide shows were financial successes, and altogether the management was well satisfied with Weir aecond day's work. Saturday was the third and last day of the bazaar, It had been arranged that a fancy dress cycle parade shonld precede the opening, but the committee were doomed to great disappointment, as there was a very poor competition. If it had not been for the presence of the Scotsh and Maypole dancers and Branagan's Band it is questionable whether the procession would have taken place. The opening ceremony was performed by Mr Lionei Pilkingten, of the Woodlands, N won, win was anom- made.) by Mrs Pilkington. The judges, Messrs F F; Idieston and H Hogg, then made their avvards on the characters in the procs,‘sion, the following being the result :-1, rhos Jackson,Tyldes- ley ("The Handy Man ") ; 2, Louis Forster,Earlestown (decorated motor car) ; 3, Norman Rob?rts (Comae). Mrs Pilkington afterwards presented the prizes to the successful competitors. The third day's takings amounted to £l5O, of which £5O was received in gate money. Tne total proceed:: are expected to amount to over £3OO.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS.

On Saturday the various companies of the 2nd Cheshire Volunteer Battalion left tneir he telqu arters for a fortnight in brigade camp at Salisbary Plain. The battalion includes five Ch'ester companies. one of which is a cycle contingent, the " and "L" Hartford com- panies, the "F " and " G Runcorn elnlhaniM, One Frodsham, and other Indies. Colonel T J Smith, V. 0.6 commands the battalion which will be brigaded with th. 30th Army Corps Ilifantry izd until Auguit 2nd, Saturday evening witnessed the Runcorn contingent under the command of Captain ,G F Ashton, on the march to the railway station from the Runcorn Drill Flall. There was a large and enthusiastic crowd to give theta a hearty send-off. As is customary, the men entrained to the lively strains of" The gift I kft beoind me." rhere were 130 rank and fl'e,sn I they wero headed by the Volunteer band, under hawimaster Oatharaite. The men presented a'very smart and soldierly appearance and were accompimied by Dr MacLonnota, Lieutenant- Surgeol to the battalion.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF SIR GILBERT GREENALL'S HACKNEYS.

The third unreserved sale of high-class pedigree hack- neys and hackney panirs, the properPy of Sir Gilbert Green%ll, Bart., t sok place at Walton Flail, on Tue4day. Rain fell heavily, but buyers ware "resent from all parts of the country, and the sale w,O highly successful, the total realissd being over £4,000. Mr. W. Bainbridge was the auctioneer, and some remark Abl? /rood prices were obtained. During the morning ttie visitors were afforded an opportunity of inspecting the erouncla,stabl riding school, and'' round house," wits its patent ap- paratus for the breaking in of young anim Os. At 12 o'clock luncheon was provided in a large marquee in the Park, over 300 guests being present. The caterer was Mr C W Phillips, of the Rine o'Bells. Daresbury. Before the company spparatA Sir Gilbert Greenish, proposed the health of the King—a toast which wis warmly re- ceived.

The -visitors then left for the sale, which waq at once proceeded with. The following were the prices realiz with the names of the purchasers :

Pony Mares and Foals.-Lot 1, pony mare. Dovelale, 40ge, Mr Hollins ; 2, pony mare. Needle, 62gs, Mr Bourne, Alderley Edge ;3, foal Needle's colt, 24gs, Mr Bourne ; 4,pony mare, Lady Nona. 28gs, Mr Moloch ; 5, foal, Lady Nena's colt, lligs, Mr Hartley of Pemberton ; 6. pony mare, Jenny 1 Snorer. 41gs, Mr Kinloch, Gourdie ; 7. foal, Jenny Snorer's filly, 27gs, Mr T Lauder, Invercloyd ; 8, pony mare, Tiesing- ton Kitten, 4'gs, Mr Bowe ; 9, foal, "fissington Kitten's filly, 25gs. Mr Hollins, Mansfield ; 10. pony mare, Snorer Mr John Jones; 11, foal, Snorer H, colt, 25gs, 4r Tomkin- son : 12, pony mare, Valentine. 45gs, Ur Joseph Marton ; 13. foal, Valentine's filly. 29gs. Mr Howell, Cardiff ; 14,pony mare. Jean Grant, 85g5' Mr Hollins ; 15, fo,l, Jean Grant's . colt, 75gs. Mr Hollins • 16,pony mare, Meadow Hay,3Bgs, Mr Hartley Balderstone ; 17. foal, Meadow Hay's colt, 24gs, Mr Howell; 18, pony mare, Lady Bram 32gs, Mr Lisargh ; 19, 'pony mare, Dewdrop, 91gs, Mr Howell ; 20, pony mare, Wilson's, 25gs, Mr Tomkinson ; 21, pony mare. Georgina 111. 25gs, Mr Hickson ; 22, pony mare, Tissinvton Lark, 30gs, Mr Isherwood , 23, foal, Tissington Lark's filly, 30gs, Mr Hollins; 24. pony mare, Tissington Spectacle, 25gs, Mr Brydon, Seaham, Harborough : 25, foal, Tissington Spec- Male's colt. 17gs, Mr Brydon ; 26. pony mare, Omer, 92¢s, Mr John Jones ; 27. pony mare, Tlasington Surprise, 40ga. Mr Evan Jones; 28, pony mare, Miss Finny. Jigs, Mr Alexander. Stirling; 29, Miss Finny'. filly, 18ga, Mr T Lauder.

Three-year-11d Filliec-Lot 30, Tissington Katirka, 37gs, Mr Muffins; 31, three-year-old filly. 30gii. hr Meneachin. Two-Year-old Fillies.-Lot 32, Tissington Girlie, 75ge, Mr Hollins ; 33, two-year oil filly, Tisslngton Saintly, A3gs, ' Mr Davies, Beauloeh ; 34, two-year-old filly, Tissington Katailor, 22gs, Mr Kinloch; 35, two-year old filly, Tiseingtun Lennet, 35ge, Mr Lloyd. Wrexham. Hacking,. Two-year-old Fillies -Lot 36,TerrIngton Bertha, 67gs, Mr James Howell ; 37, tvro.year old filly, Terrington Sunnyside, 37gs, Mr Walsh, St Helens. Three-year-old Fillles.-Lot 38. Terrlngton Royalty. 115 gs, Mr Howell ; 39, three-year-old filly, 'Perri-11;ton Contra, 105 gs, Mr Natal', Blackburn ; 40, three-year-old filly, Ter- rington Purity, 170 gs. Mr Beldram. Harness Mares.-Lot 41, Lady Alice. 170 gs, Mr Howell ; 42, Hywell's Sweet Jessie, 75gs, Mr J Cooke, Godley. Hackney Brood Mares and foals.-Lot 43. Atalanta, 77gs. Mr. Galbraith ; 44, foal, Atalanta's filly, 22gs, Mr 11l W Sankey; 45, brood mare, Bonnie Airlie, 93gs, Lord AshtOwn ; 46, foal, Bonnie Airlie's coil, 22gs, Mr Livesey ; 47, brood filly, Levity, 50gs, Mr Tinsley, Daresbury ; 48, foal, Levity's n'IY. 21g1, Mr Hartley, Pemberton ; 49, brood mare, Gold flash. 185 gs, Mr Lisargh ; 50, brood mare, Mord Emily, 32gs, Mr Evan Jones ; 51, foal, Chestnut C'3ft foal. logs. Mr Priest- ner ; 52, brood mare, Smart May, 37gi, Mr Rironalngton ; 63. foal, Smart May's colt. I3gs, Mr Rimrnington ; 54, brood mare, Under Study. 35gs, Mr Hodgson ; .55, brood mare, May Lady, 82ge, Mr Beldram ; 56, brood mare, Horn- foot. 100 gs, Mr Oppenheim, 581.. London ;05 foal. harness cial ,nf lo rm,,oroot: me.quica, 51gs,Mr Fred Holmes ; 59, foal, Kiss-me-quick's ags,Mr Austin Cart; 63, brood or harness mare. Bright Crompton, 71g1. Mr Holmes, Shipley ; 61,f0a1, Bright Crompton's filly, 16gs,Mr Percival ; 62.br00d mare,Lavender, 210g8, Sir Walter Glibey ; 63, foal. Lavender's colt, 18as, Mr Perkins, Manchester ; 64, brood mare, 'Violet Earl. 150kk. Mr Holllngworth ; 65. foal, Violet Earl's colt. 33gs. Mr Hollingworth ; 66, brood mare, Farrington's Strife, 38gs, Lord Ashtown : 68, foal, Ferrington Strife's colt, 17gs. Mr Howell ; 68,brocairnare,Burt0n Agnes,7sgs,mr A vv Haklln; Mr Joseph Martin afroea,l,Qßuueretnonof At hg en ems ' ecaodt ot ,w3,7g 2ogs, Mr Owen, Car- -7)300,1 tborno o;d6m9, lisle ; 71, Queen of the Meadow's colt, 7gs. Mr Owen ; 72, brood mare, Water Lily 11, 17gs, Mr Himmel, Hernial. -73, Matchless, 30Go, Id Mr Geldings Brroook lbcat, 37gs, Mr Rirnmer • 7i Sand- e(orytt,oaSaddle and Harness). ,; Sand- stone. 24gs, Mr Boardman, Urmston • 76, Valence '32gs Mr Griffiths • 77, Haymaker, 100 gs, Mrsred Holmes, Shipley Llanbdonoadno4B;p7,9, mßratatlerifirtugis, 'Sotio,eas,radt M7B; Pugilist. Holland, sC7ogn' IMetronj Northow.ilcdh. ;uBylm, Belfry, 37gs, Mr Holland ; 82, Oracle, 39gs, Air a ind 36gs Mr Parker. 0--odLomt Ba3r,eS, c;orlsaeti, 33,g5, Ai: Parker, heste r Hunter ; 817 ho du nAlt earr ober.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRI )A Y J ULY 52 . 1:) )2

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN.

On Wednesday the scholars ot toe above Sunday school held their annual trip to Overton hills, Over one hundred went by the noon train, the teachers accompanying the trip. The usdal sports were indulged in, tea being provided by the officials A thoroughly enjoyable day was spent. A RUNCORN BOY SENT TO THE CLI,. At the Runcorn Police Court on Friday, before Mr A It Norman (in the chair). and Mr W Timmins, a boy named William Wells (13), living in Welling- ton-street, was cnariged at the instance o tut!, School Bsard authorities with wandering abroad.— Mr Bowyer, school attendance :inspector, said the boy had not attended scnool since November, WOO, and applied for him to be c•-,mcnittie 1 to the train- ing ship Clio.—The application was granted.

_ _ RUNCORN HOMING: SOCIETY. The first young bird race, in connection with the above Society, took place from Wellington on Saturday. The following was the result :-1, Dean. 891 ; 2, Sea, 867; 3, Shaw, 844; 4, Dyer, 827; Shaw, 826; Howard, 822; Dyer, 811 ; Dyer, 794; Dun- bavin,777 ; Hughes 777; D icon and Cobb, 772; Abel and Hopwood 770; Lea 767; Dunbavin 762; Shaw, 748; Kilcrozs, 748; Dean (2), 738; Marshall (2), 730; zley Bros.. 723 ; Edwards, 665; Simpson Brothers, 661 ; cud Clucas, 633. A special prize offerA by Mr Lester was won by Mr Dean. BLACKPOOL Stant ER,CAMP, commenoing June. at Kirkham's Farm.—BMakfas Dinner, Tea and Supper every nay tor a weir and a good c .mp b 3 I for 155 : week-end Es 6d..—Apply IL W‘,RIFFIX, Secretary, 113, Islington, Liverpoot.—Advt. LOCAL CANDIDATE FOR THE WESLEYAN usirsrlix. Our readers will be pleased to learn that Mr william Unsworth, second son of Mr Jabez Uns- wonh, of Stanley Villas, suc3es4ully ea', for his final examination during last week. The pass en- titles the fortunate student, provided the Wesleyan Conference at present sitting accepts the candidate, to be admitted into one of the training colleges of the Wesleyan body, though, as there is at present somewhq of a dearth of ministerial students, it is quite4oosiible that Mr Unsworth may at once be placed on circuit wotk. Mr Unsworth passed the local preachers' examinati,in some two years ago. Since that time he has proved himself a capable preacher and has won the goodwill of the local officials in particular and the Runcorn Wesleyan congregations in general. We heartily congratulate Mr Unsworth on his succoss.

ST. PAUL'S MOTHERS' MEETING fhe women's society connected witn the above church held their annual excursion on Monday, when the quaint old city of Chester was visited by about fifty ladies accompanied by the Rev Alfred Wells, superintendent minister, and Mrs Wells, president of the Society. The party were conveyed in two large brakes, an i after a most delightful run through the country, the city was reached in suffi- cient time to allow all the excursionists to inspect the interesting sights of the Cathedral city. The wane the rows, the Castle,the park,&c, &c,were each in turn visited. A portion also went up the River Dee as far as Eccleston Ferry from which place the Duke of Westminster's grounds were visited. Tea was subsequently' served at the Holborn restaurant. The home journey, which was a most enjoyable run, was made expeditiously, Runcorn being reached about 8 p.m. The secretaries in charge of the arrangements were the Nlisses Wells and N Harrison to whose exertions must be ascribed much of the pleasure of the trip. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. The annual summer excursion in connection with the Sunday school of the Seamen's Institute was held on Monday, when about 150 scholars and teachers left Runcorn for a day'souting at Grappen- hall. As is customary the party were conveyed by boat up the Bridgewater Canal starting from the Top Locks at 8.30 am. At Delph Bridge a halt was made for a short time, more excursionists joining the party. The destination London Bridge, was reached in good time the sail through the country being of a most enjoyable description. Happily the atmospheric conditions were all that could be de- sired, everything conspiring to make the excursion a thorough success. At Grappenball a large field had been requisitioned for the special benefit of the youngsters and all were speedily engaged in the various games which youth and ingenuity invent. Refreshments were provided on board the boat for the children. After a thoroughly enjoyable day had been spent, the return journey was made, Runcorn being reached about 8 pm. The entire arrangements were carried out by Mis- sioner Shaw, to whom must be ascribed not a little of the success of the trip.

RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY. Tne monthly meeting of the Library Committee was held in the Council Chamber on Tuesday, Mr Pope in the chair. The librarian's report for the past month showed that the library had been open 17 days and that the total number of issues was 1349 being a daily average of 79, an increase of 52 I • in the reference department and a decrease of 315 in the lending department compared with the corresponding month last year. The number of issues in each department was as follow! : —Theology, 16; philosophy, 3; science 50; history, 50; poetry 9 ; fiction, 1,000 ; miscel- laneous, 108 ; French literature, 2 ; [BUBB. 8; I After some discussion the report was adopted.— Accounts amounting to .£5 10s 3d were passed for payment. The receipts for the past month totalled .£1 103 63 including fines, Is 21; tickets,6s 6d; cata- logues, Is 81, Among several gifts of books were some valuable catalogues from the British Museum and a book on " The Education Crises" from Sir J T Brunner. It was decided to close the Library on the day of the King's Coronation the 9th August but to keep the reading room open. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. On Wednesday a sailors' party was given by Mr; Gibbing of Rose Elill,Gateacre about 50be1ng present from Liverpool, Bootle, Birkenhead, Garston and Runcorn. The sailors from Liverpool and neigh- bourhood were conveyed in waggonettes from Run- corn, by train to Allerton and in landaus from lAllertun to Gatacre, This part of the journey was very much enjoyed. Cricket, football and other games were indulged in. The bell rang for tea after which the sports of the evening commencol. The great test of the day was the tug of war, for the silver challenge cup, six aside from the five differ- ent missions, the Runcorn team being again success- ful in bringing the cup to Runcorn for the second time. Mrs Gibbing gave the cup to Mr Shaw, and the men received a prize each, knife or pipe. The team consisted of Captain J Wareing, E Abrams, E Taylor, S Brown. W Byfiel I and sailors from the Francais. Af,,er the pr ze distribution refreshments were again provided. A vote of thanks and the singing of "God Save the King "concluded the proceedings.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. Result of Examinations.

!%lAGNESTISM AND ELECTRICITY.—Advantrd : let class, H B Rogers, W H Wiswall ; 2nd class, T .J Elementary 1 t class,William E Regers,Waßer Reynolds, John W Wiswsll ; 2nd class, ThinlSA Watson, R Fryer. THEORETICAL AND INORGANIC CHEMISTRY —Advanced: 2nd ekes, Walter Reynolds,Harold B Rogers, T J elementary Ist class, Percy B Lloyd. Alternative ele- mentary 2nd elms, Harold P Hadfield, Rachel McKenzie. Fred Buttner, Albert Wood. Eternal candidate, alter- native elementary. let clans, Emily Sitnkin. FREEHAND DRAWING IN OUTLINE.-19C C 1439, Marefiret Hill, 2nd class, Annie Chrinehall, Margaret Hillidge, Martha Holt, Harry Jones, John Callaghan, Lucretia Wilton, Gertrude CIUCAP. ANATOMY.-20d ;flame, Walter T Reward. OXFORD LOCAL EXAMINATION.

The Oxford locil examination was held at the Technical lostitute last week. The examination ez. tended from early on Monday m-irning until late on the Saturday evening. The subjects, as is wull known, cover almost the whole range of technical literary knowledgs comprising dictation, arithmetia, scripture. English history, geography, grammar, composition,English literature,algebra, theoret;cal and practical chemistry, freehand,modol and 11 geometrical drawing. In the preliminary examination fifteen students sat, in the junior, fifteen, and in the I senior three. The superintendent anpointed by the Orford authorities was the Rev J B Firth M.A.

CR A WFORD'S CREAM

CRACKERS

CRISP AND CREANIv

===== 0002601_19020725_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A C3RRESPONDENT.]

Up to the time of writing there has been no official pronouncement as to the manner in which Runcorn is likely to celebrate the King's Corona- tion. Mr Taylor is at present away from home..and of course nothing can be done until he returns. It is rumoured that the Friendly societies will hold a demonstration and that the ::unday sAiools will paradeathe town. But it is extremely unlikely that there will be an official parade.

This week has seen quite an exodus of pleasure seekers from Runcorn in search of amusement. All the Sunday schools with one or two exceptions, have taken advantage of the flue weather to hold their anntsal excursion. The majority have visited Mersey View—a resort which affords plenty of scope for juveniles bent on amu-ement.

"Lt is satisfactory to know that the idle rumours so persistently circulated a few days ago respecting the stability of the stone approaches of the Trans- porter:Bridge sre entirely without foundation. A semi-official denial will be lona(' in auotter column.

The moral atmosphere of Runcorn is getting purer. The past week has witnessed an almost en- tire cessation of police proceedings. Whether this is attributable to the moral nature of a certaiii sec- tion undergoing a process of evolution or whether the improvement be due to tne indefatigable exer- tions of the gentlemen in blue is difficult t 4 say.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
POTTERS AT WESTON POINT. —_— Imp ortant Proposal.

At the invitation of the River Weiser Navigation Trusters, an influential b of the man uf actor rs, importers, and other representatives of the S:aff )rdshine .potteries on Wednesday visit-d the Weay.q Canal, Cheshire's oldest an I moot important waterway. Ib. company inclisded Alderman J S Shirley, Hanley ; Councillor H B Shirley, Hanley Tilr R Johnson, Haainy (the largest pottery manufactur,..ir in the world) ; Mr J S Goddard, president of 039 North Stafford Chamber of Commerce ; Mr J Ainaley, jun.. of the Ciins Associa- tion ; and Mr J C B Wee, managing director of " Doul- ton." They were received at Wi-eford by Sir Joseph Verdin, Bart., ch4lr Tian nf the %Waver Trust; Thomas Ward, J.P., director Sait Union ; Mr John Rigby, J.P., Mr C P Walker, Mr Ernest N Toman, secretary to Weaver Trust, Mr J A Saner, engineer ; and Mr L Rogan. betg, manager of Weston Point Docks. The party embarked on a saloon barge and the voyage through the canal to the spacious do-,ka,w hark, and warehouses itt Weston Point was full of interest, and the effors made to develop the trade between the Mersey and the Potteries during the last decade were demonstrated. Ea voyage luncheon was served under the presidency of Sir Joseph Verdin. Mr Thomas Ward, J.P., proposed " The Trade of the Staffordshire Potrerieg." Ele ou'lined the efforts which had been made to connect the Potteries with the Mersey and Liverpool. Liverpool was the first port in the country so far as exports were concerned, and the closer the Potteries were connected with that port the better it would be for their own interests. He urged the potters and other traders to combine in one supreme effort to secure a navigable canal from the Itt:rsey to Birmingham by enlisting the support of the eo•inty and borough councils. Tam the prosperity of the P Ateries would be grevly increased. J C Bailey responded, and sail he did not see much sunshine breakinz through the clouds which over- shadowed the p ittery trade at pr's Int I 14, tr,,, Ira needed all the advantages which improved waterways and other means of communication could afford it. Mr John Ridgway gave the toast" The River Weaver Navigation." He described how the railways companies had captured the tquk of the canals of the country, and had need them as mere ditches and newers. In conze• quenee, England was greatly behind the Continent in respect to inland navigation, He hoped this gathering would not pass away without result, but that means would be taken to show the Government that traders and manufacturers were determined that inland naviga- tion should be developed and no longer exist merely to serve the ends of the rail way companies. _

Sir Joseph Verdiu, in replying, said the Weaver Canal had been improved three times at a cost of about £1,400,000, and at es° Mine its revenue was almost as much again as it was at the present time. In regard to securing a navigable ownl from the Mersey to Birming- ham, Sir I )seph advocated the formation of a company. So many members of the County Councils were sharr- holders in the railway companies that their support would be difficult ta obtain. If it could be shown that there was a good margi I for proi": 'he taln"C would he quickly found. The Weaver Crust wo sld first of all have to ask the Cheshire County Coss-leit for permission to sell the Weaver Csnal.and he believed they would grant the permission if it wer• shown that the assessment would increase and not decrease.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN !NSTITUTE. First Athletic Sports.

On Saturday the Institate school; inaugurated a series of athletic sports by holding their first meietieg in the Pcbont field in Moughland-lane. A goodly nuraher of invitations had been issued to parents,friends. and sub- scribers to the Athletic Fund and in spite of the threatening weather a large number were present. Afternoon tea was nrovidrd for the benefit of the visitors and the Weston Point Work Priz hand tender the leadership of Mr. George Robinson, rendered % cho'ce selection of music. A course of six laps to the mile he I been carefully prrpared by the committee and the sprint course was in good condition Owing to the large num- ber of events the preliminary heats of the hurdles, hundred yards handicap, as well as the lone jumps and throwing the cricket ball, wer I decided on Frieay even- ing. The racing produced some keen contests and was greatly enjoyed by those present. • The sports were under the parronage of Sir J T Brunner, M.P., as president, and Mr S Taylor, chairman of the Runcorn Urban District Council, as vice-oresi- dent. A strong sports committee had been formed and worked indefatigably to secure the success of the sports. This body comprised the following :—Misses Johnson, Cameron. Gladys Bagialey, Uzzie Horsefield, Ethel Lunt, and Irene Warburton ; Messrs J A Lawrenson (the Principal), T J Irvine, W June;. A Licbtburn, E Marshall, H E Maystoo, J Wildinc. P Hallding, J Hilton. G Robinson, L Stubbs, and G Warburton. Mr A R Blackburn worked very hard in the capacity of hon. secretary. The snorts officials were as follows : Starter, Mr W Jones ; time ' keeper Mr T J Irvine; judges, Miss Cameron, Miss Johnson, Messrs C Handley, T A Lawrenson, A Lightburo, E Marshall, H E Mayston. F Rowland. and G Sherratt. One or two events and heats were decided on the previous evening, and the details of these %vans as follows

_ Throwing the Cricket Ball (open).-1, G Robinson ; 2. Meredith, Distance 75Yds 71n. Long Jump (under 13).-1. T Weston. Distance 10ft 3m. Long Jump (over 13).-1, G Robinson (scratch); 2, W.lton (91n) ;3, Moore (12in). Distance 121 t Tin. 100 Yard. Handicap (over 13).—let heat : 1, 0 Robinson ; 2, Stubbs ;3, Newport. 2nd heat : I, Laughna ;2. Warbur- ton ; 3. L Marshall. Hurdle Race (open).-I.e, heat t I. 0 RobTnson ; 2. Laughna ; 2nd beat t 1, T Weston; 2, Hough. 3rd heat : 1, Walton ; 2. Newport The particulars of the events decided on Saturday afternoon were as follows t— , 100 Yards Handicap (over 13yrs).—Final I. Laughua (scratch) ; 2. Warburton (2vds) ; 3. 0 Robinson (lyd). Hoop Race (girls).-1, If Bennett ; 2.14 Grtce. 440 Yards Handicap (open).-1, Laughna (scratch) ; 2. Moore (25yds) Thrae-leczed Race (¢1 Os). —l, A Sandb tell and L Pownall ; 2. L Yearsley and G Raguley. Old Boys' 449 yards (scratch) —l, A Sefton ; 2, G Ash- more.

Hurile Race.—Final : 1, T Weston 2 (1 Robinson. 10) yds Handicap (girls over 13).-1, T., Bate 2, N Savage. .100 vds Handicap, (g,irls under 13),---1, Meredith ; 2, L Pownall. _ _

First Sack Race,-1. G Robinson ; 2, Stubbs ; Second ditto: 1, Hough. 2 Hilton. High ;rows Handicap (open) —l, G Robinson (scratch) ; 2, Marshall (2 in), Height 4ft lin. 100 yd. Scratch (under 13) —l, Jones : 2 Weston' Three-legged Race (boys—open).-1, Jones and W eston ; 2, Hilton and Hough. Half-mile Handicap (open).-1, Warburton (4 yds) ; 2 , Faulkner (20 yards) Potato and Bag Race (girls) —l, L Bate: 2, G Baguley 3, J Lea. Thread Needle Race (girls).--1, A Sandbach 220 Yards Handicap (open). —l, Laughna ; 2. Robinson ; 3, P Marshall. Bgg and Spoon Race (gtrls).-1. G Baguley ; 2, A Sand- bach ; 3. L Bate. School Ransicap (one lap-293 vtards).-I,..fonea (40 yards) 2. Warburton (5 yards) ; 3, T Weston. (40 yards) ; 4, P Marshall (20 yards). Fint Obstacle Race.-1, P Marshall: 2, Moore; 3, Douglas. Second ditto: 1, Weston, 2, Hilton ; 3, Hough. Tug of War (boys).—Team D won ; Warburton (captain), Hallding, Hill, L Marshall. F Robinson, Stokes, Allison. and Baxter. Girls' ditto : F Team won ; L Horsefield (captain). I Warburton. A SandbaCh, M 'Thomas, B Lunt, L Pownall, H Pickthati. and J Lea.

Consolation Race. --First boys' : 1, Walton ; 2. Newport ; 3. L Marshall. Second boys' : 1, Bates ; 2 Ellison ; 3. Harnaman. Girls' ditto : 1, T Grandy ; 2, 3 Lea ;3. E Lea.

At the conclusion of the snorts, Mrs F J Norman, who was accompanied by Mr Norman, distributed the priz?s to the successful competltcr3. Afterwards, Mr Lawrenson prloo.ied thst a hearty vote of thanks should be accorded to Mrs Norman. In moving tbis,he also thanked the ladies who had dispens- ed tea, those who had organised the epsrts, aad the members of tbe band.

The vote was most enthusiasic‘lly carried by acclama- tion and was duly acknowledge&

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFH TONIC La sag KING OF TONICS.-63. SINKEY-STREET Warrington.—(Advt). HEM EMBF.R Ta I. That ALF TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL. BOOTS will please you and suit your pooket.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD SCHOOL. Annual Distribution of Prizes.

' Tte annual distributio ot prizes to the boys att,tod- Mg the Victoria-road Board Sci.m.)l, Runcorn, took place in the school on Friday afternoon. rho priz '9 are pro- vided from a fund specially raised by tho teaching staff andarouse the keenest comp.eticion among the EC lOiat9. The interest naturvly mends to the parent's of the b )ye, and this was indicated by the attendance of several at the proceedings on Friday. Mr Lit 'l u. dis- tributed the prizes to the seniors, while Misi Pritchard presented the prizes to the junior scholars. Mr Mooltoa said that during the year the school had been open 416 times, and the average attendance of the P(VlOilitS cm 451. At the end of the achorl year, (June 30th) there were 450 boys on the rolls. There were now 530. The attendance during the last year had ben as high if not higher,th..n .n the preceding year.An evidence of the good attendance were tOe following p Tcentages for the year :—Standard I. (a). 93 8 ; I. (0), 00 ;II (a), 93.5 ; 11. (b), 93; 111. (a), 93.8 ;1I (h). 94.8: IV., 96.5 ; V., 91.8 ; VI,. 94.5 ; and VII., 93.8. The average percentage for whole school for theyear was ' 94, and that was a very occellent performance. He congratulated the boys upon their attendance. Mr Moulton said that Mr Littler had during the past two or three years kindly acknowled4'ed the succ .ss of those who had gained County Conrcil Scholarehips by giving them special priz.s. roe bars wrre wry grate- ful to him frr his kindness, which opt rated as a great help and stimulus to them. Be had again thin year pro- vided beautifial leather writing cLses fer the successful n'ompAitors (AtdOid Shas, William Wishlade,and Berth Lust). These rrizes having b'en presented,Mr Moulton wont on to any that in a writing competition (under the normal s'ope vstern) arranged be Mr Relinald Gill, a ILonlora pabliih.er, for all the schools in the kingdom, twelve boys from their school had socceeded in winning ' prizes, while a very large number of certificates had been won. Th. only prize that had been receivel no to date was a 74 61 money prize, which had been won by Sydney Gayter. This prize having also been yr ,lented ,Mr Moulton said the ethers wool Ibe distribut, d after ;the h, lidays. He went on to ,xplain that the general prze fund did not come out of toe rates, but was part of the proceeds of the corice.t qiven in Docember. He pro- posed a vote of thanks to Mr Littler, rni gratefully acknowled the deep interest he takes in the welfare of the boys. The vote was carried with great cheering..

Mr-Litlior, in acknowledgin-g the vote, a-enits anrce- atively nf Mc M lulten and hie staff, and offored a few words of excellent sdvice to the hnys. The bo7s sang " Fnr he, a jolly gn,d fellow." and ths proceelinv concluded with the singing of the National

The following is a list of the wiz. winners : Standard I (a).—R Thoma., Chia. Goodall. Wm II arrison, Jos Fleet. Lewis liallwold, Fritz Cooper, Edgar Allans, Wm Gregory, Jno Jones. Wm Grindl.y. Standard I (b).—Jno W Cro,s,Jno Holt,( V Lloyd. Samuel Therbold, inn A. Catterall, Wm Harrop Cecil Abel, C Stan• way, Geo P Jones. Standard II (a‘.—Wm Hankey, Win Harrison, Wm Worral. Alf Arden Jut Wardle. Em Carter, J W Thompson, Chas Lunt. Edgar Large. Thos Littler. Wilfred Lloyd. Standard II (b).—F Knight, Wm McQuinn. Jos Sutton, Albert Bailey, 303 WeniTlZ6' F Abel, Gen Saunders, Writ Clare, Sam Walton, Geo Powtes. Standard 111 (I).—C Vernon, A Bowman, H Hulme, A Hughes, Sweetmsn, L Wishlade, It Cox, R Garret, N Hussey. J Garner, F Davies, 3 Ford, A Moores. Standard 111 (b).—Sam Millington, Robt Powell, Ilobt Parker, Writ Mocker, Alb Art Eastup, Arthur Davies, Hy Casbin. Alfred Broughton. Wm Jones, Jas Scram. Standard IV.—Arthur Jones, Sydney Leach, Raymond Moulton. P Gregory, Jesse Taylor, Albert Eden. Donald Priestly, H Stringer, Arthur Rowe Wilfred Ellarns, Ernest Hayes, Thos Wilson. Thos Foster, Alfred Shingler, Jan Booth Alfred Killorors, H 0 Thomas. Ernest Dutton. Hy Roberts, Wm Clark.

Standard V.—Renben Hoose, Thos Stringer, Newton Clarke. G Clark. Sydney Gayter, J C B:Imelow. 1 H Scragg Jno Hayes, Arthur Watson. Robt Douglas Arthur Steel Kenneth Branch, Richsrd Carter, W Fleet, Harry Hedgcock Standard VI —le Ruehton, Thos Mounfield, Leo Hayes Sam Johnson, W C Williams, Leo Whyte, :Inc P.rry, J W Cawley, Alfred Roberts, II Charlesworth, Wm Griffiths, Geo Abel, Alfred Corker.

Standard VlL—Henry Mann, Ernest Scragg, Wm Rands Wm Tuckey For success in the Cheshire County Council Scholarship Examination (396) Competitors )—(l2th on list) William Wishlarle. (15) Bertie Lunt, (30) Arnold Shaw. (41) Ernest, Pendlekezry, (52) Win Dracer, (55) Herbert Goodier. The following boys were not absent once during the year ending June 31th, and received a certificate in addition to aol nrize they may have had! for good work :—Ernest ficragg, Wm Rands' 111 Pendiebury. F Mounfield. r. Whyte, J W Cawley. A Roberts. H Charlesworth, W Griffiths, G Abel. A Corker. R Carter. George Clarke. Newton Clarke. Ft Drigrlale, W Fleet, P Ford, H Herlipock, Hy Handley. R Moose. (4 Lister. G Rand*. S Ryder. I if Scragg S Wood- cook• A Jones, Arthur Rowe, Ernest Hayes. Sydney Leech. W Enema. Jno Booth. H Stringer, T Fo)ter, I Taylor P Gregory. J Shaw. Ernest Fleet, D Gregory, F Mort. 12 Parker. S Parker W Britland. A Hughes. C Vernon, J Sweet. man. V Abel, William Clare, George Fowles, F Knight, W Hankey, W Harrison, Fred Harrison. W Worrall. Henry Andrews, Thomas Ashcroft, J W Cross, John Dean, Joseph Fleet. W Gregory, L Hallwood. The following boys have "risked one attendance during the yekr and were also awarded an attendance ntificate Sim Davies, John Holt. Edward Luckey, Charles Shallcross. Sam Davies. Isaac Heath. Henry Lydiate J Welling.. Sam AbramS, William Bye. Willi )m Hignett. G ',forret. I Parry. I Henry Mann John Mercer, A Moores, John Jones, William Harrison, John Edwards. James goragg. William Hindiey. Arthur Davies. F Davidson. Ernest Dutton. A'frel Klioross, Edward Goodall. Alfred Shinstler, Thomas Wilson, Ernest Gee, John Owen, Joseph Gayter, H Bloor.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL EXCUrISIONS. RUNCORN LICENSED VIC CULLERS.

The first annual excursion in connection with the Runcorn and D'f tict Licensed Victuallers' Association took place on Tnuradav when a visit was paid to Llan- gollen. The members of the Asscciation were accom- panied by their vrives,and the party numbered 61. They left Runcorn at elzht and imon arrivjao: at Llang llea speat te short time before dinner in visiting the numerous planes of interest which make the charm- ing old world town so popular a hrliday resort. The party re-sesenahled for dinner at the Grapes Hotel, and subsequently drove to Chirk.returningto Llangrlien for tea. They left for home at h tlf- oast seven and were in Runcrrn shortly before half—ptat ten. Toe weather was dslightfully fine thmughout the day,and tne egnur- dion WVI thoroughly enjoyed. Mr T Jones is president of the asroliation ; Mr T R Rik, vlce. president ; Mr T Price, treasurer ; and Mr 11 Grundc, secretary. and these gentlemen and a committee were responslb's for most excellent arrangements. RUNCORN NATIONAL BOYS' SCHOOL.

In connection with the above school the firtc educe- tion.l excursion, which is at present toeing so strongly recommended by the Educational Demo ,rtment for all elementarysschools, took place on Thursday. Promntl v at a quarter to nine the senior schnlars, numbering 140, assembled at the National Schools, Church-qv:lt, ' accompanied by Mr Lindsay (headrnas'er), the assistant and junior teachers, and Mr John Littler„one of the managers. Forming in procession, the scholars were quinkty no the march to the railway station for the 9.10 Liverpool train. A pleasant run through the country brought them within the half-hour to their destination,where the scholars were divided into sections —the better to view the sights from an educational aspect. St. George's Hall, with its architecture, its monuments, its law courts, &I, he 03128P11111. with its curiosities and interesting objets, the Walker art gsliery, with its splendid collection of pictures, were each visited in turn. At different points the teachers expounded to the pupils the why and the wherefore of the different objects, the man r quesions of the boys being answered as fully as poesible. At noon the whole of the party entrained at the overhead r alway and journeyed on the uc-iine, which elnunsnda such an extensive view of the docks with its interminable traffic. At the Huskisson dock a portion alighted to inspect the Ounard Liner, Lucania, while the remainder journeyed to the Canada Dock where they boarded the 13reeSt VPSSFI aft at, the Waite Star Liner Ce:tic. After these floating nalaces had been thnrou2bly inspected the baopy hand of jaysntles made their way by steamer to New ' Brighton, passing the Sax onia at anchor. After the company had been entertained with sand wiche-,, buns, and the like, by the courtesy of Mrs Lindsay and the lidr teachers on the sea shnre,the remainder of the day was devoted to the pursuit 01 those juvenile jilities so dear to the veill'hful heart. Runcorn was reached. eventually at 7.35 all having spent a most enjoyable and nstructive day.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS TRIPS.

On Wednesday there wag quite an exodus of pleasure seekers to Overton filth, Brunswick Sunday School. Sr John's School. St Loke's School. each j lurneyed to visit Merges.. View, accompanied by their respective superin- tendent and teachers. Happily the day was all that could he desired, and each contingent spent a thoroughly Pojoyable day. ----------

===== 0002601_19020725_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
SALVATION 'ARMY, RUNCORN.

On Monday the Sunday school connected with the above body had a most enjoyable trip to Overton At least ninety Oildren and thirty adults assembled at the Runcorn railway station where they tool= the noon train to Frodstiam. Hem they were quickly on the march to Mersey View which was reached in very good time. Everyone being left to follow bis own devices the numerous shows which Mersey View boasts were extensively patronised. After all had thoroughly 6njoyed themselves in their own way tea was orovided by the teachers after which a number of interesting sports was held,the winners receiving suitable prizes. Fortunately the weather was of a cheery character and considerably assisted towards the harmony of the proceedings. The home journey was made in gool time a most enjoyable day having been spent. Ac7.)mpanying the scholars were Messrs Jones. K Jones, and W Weedhall and Mesdames Jones and Offland.

W. T. WILLT VSIS' 5A1.13 will ,-)almence WRO- NESDAY NEXT. All the Season's Stock will be offered at a substantial reduction in price. See Windows in Sankey-street and Legh-street, Warrington.—(Advt,) ASK for CITNNINaHAM $ S MINERAL

===== 0002601_19020725_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

THE EARLESTOWN HOLIDAYS.

Notices have beer' p3sted in all the workb to the effect. that the annual Summer holidays will be held on the Bth, 9:h, and Il.h August. They have been fixed a week earlier owing to the cironatiou taxing place on the 9t,h August,

===== 0002601_19020725_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
E ARLESTOWN IcsrcAr ITCCESSES

The following nave been successful in the Trinity College (Landon) examination in instrumental and vocal music, held recently at the Rayal Ineticution : —latermediite honours, E Jackson, SO; intertnedi- ate pass, F Aldersm, 66. Masicil knowledge examination: lirecmediate pass, M Mitchll, 86.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES

The following further results of examinations in connec:ion with the above classes nave come to hand :—Geomstrical drawing :—A I Sirett, Ist class, John Kdwards, J Gawthorpe, C S Nlorris and W G Shim 2nd class. EARLESTOWN BADE POWELL LEAGUE.

The members of this League had an outing oa Saturday to Knowsley Park. They were accom- panied by Ntr 'l' Molyneux and walked in procession to liaydock, where hey boat...led the electric cars, and journeyed to Knowsley. By kind permis-ion of Lord Derby they had the use of a portion of the extensive grounds, and spent a most enjoyable time tea being partaken of in the open. HA.YDOCK COLLIKIIIRS TRIP.

The annual excursion of the employees of Messrs. R Evans and Co.. took place on Saturday. One train load was conveyed to Llandudno, but the rain canie down pitilessly, from the Lime tie excursion- ists arrived until they left, and they consequently suffered most inconvenience. Nevertheless they made the best of their tire under the adverse cir- cumstances. Two or three other trains, well filled were despatched to Blackpool, and the weather being flue, the people enjoyed themselves to Vie full. The Tower, piers end Winter Gardens were well patronised, but a goo lly number remained by the sea, and seem-qi unwilling to leave the promen- ade. The trains arrived at Earlestown at various times at night, the last somewhere about mid- night. FLOWER SERVICE AT ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLESTOWN.

I On Sunday afternoon aif service, conducel by the Rev 'l' R Matthews (vicar), was held at St. John's Church. Earlestown. Some 150 bouquets and baskets of very choice ft were were presented by the children. The pulpit was occupied by the Rev 3 Ryder (vicar of S. Peter's, Newton-le- Willows), who based a very eloquent discourse on the text "An altar to the unknown G3d." A sum of .£4 Ss was rec-kived in collections and this will be devoted to the Sunday school fund. • On Monday the Rev T R :ilutthews took the floral contributions to War- rington, and distributd them among the inmatas of the Infirmary and Workhouse. EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN CHOIR

On Saturday this choir hhd their annual picnic, their destination this yAar being the Dukeries The arrangements were in the bands of Messrs Dean and Dawson, and the party numbering 20 left Haydock by the Great Central Railway for Worksop, at half-pAst eight. They had to change at Glazebury wriere a saloon was provided. Worksop was reached at 11 45 and dinner was partaken of at the station refreshment moms. After dinner vehicles were chartered. and a drive through the Dukeries was thoroughly enjoyed. Tea was partaken of at 5 o'clock and Worksop was left hehind at 7 o'clock, home being reached at 11.30. EkRI:ESTOWN ST. JOHN'S CHOIR TRIP.

The choir and Sunday scho)i teachers of St J3lin's Church, Earlestown, had their annual outing on Saturday, when a party of 60 proceeded to Winder- mere. They left Earlestown by ti,e 7.25 train. On , arriving at Wigan they were provided with extra I carriages, hut a delay of an hour enmed before the journey to Windermere was resumed. The lake district was reached at a quarter-past eleven o'clock. A capital dinner was served at Raine's restaurant, the Rev J i; Mattkews having been down on the previous Wednesday and made the necessary ar- rangements. After dinner the visitors proceeded by boat to Ambleside, where they disembarked. Vehicles were chartered and the party visited Grassmere and other places of note, returning to Windermere at five o'clock and partaking of tea. Starting at 5.40 Earlestown was reached at half- pact nine o'clock, the whole plrty being greatly de- lighted with their outing. At J Harrison, organist and choirmaster, with the Rev JO Matthews, bad charge ol the arrangements.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTO NN.

PTi CORRESPONDENT].

The dealing out of water to consumers by the District Cni.ncil is of a.very erratic nature. Not many days ago one portion of the township was entirely without nature's liquid for the best part of two days, one of which was liundav, and many were the devices resorte t to in obtaining a sufficient quantity tp meet Cie wants of the household. It was peculiar to see the heads of households, armed with all manner of utensils, wending their way to a discovered source of supply, and many were the adverse criticisms hurled at the absent head of the Chairman of the Water Committee. Never since the arrangement wito the Railway Company was discontinued have we had a constant and regular supply of water, and if precedent is anything to go by, we never shall.

Probably the shortage of water has semething to do with the extremely offensive smells which assail us as we walk along the streets. From the man- holes in various parts of the district, smells suffici- ent to cause diphtheria and other kindred diseases arise,which betoken insufficisnt flushing of sewers. Such a state of things should not be allowed to exist, and it is high time the Surveyor had his serious attention drawn to it. Along the Nlesnes footpath which is a favourite sun greatly fre- quented walk, the same stare of things exists, but no effort has hitherto been made to remedy it. Pro- ably when an epidemic breaks out, some enquiry will be made, bu-, until then I suppose we must po,sess our souls in patience.

In spite of all opposition and against the criticisms of those in high places the floral bazaar in aid of the proposed cottage hospital was held last week,aad has been successful. The committee who carried it through have only the working people ot Earle3town and Newton,who loyally stood by them, to thank for their support. The trades- people have also given mot valuable asaistance,and they have earned the grateful thanks of the com- mittee. Those who first put the hospital scheme to the front have, to a certain extent stood aside, and done their best go wreck it, but being corn- mitted, the Bazaar Committee determined to see the bazaar through at all events, and their deter- mination has met with the reward it deserved. This Pis only another illustration of what a body of working men can do, when loyally supported by I their colleagues, in spite of the covert opposition of the classes. There is no doubt a cottage hospital will be provided and it is the determination of the heroic few to carry their efforts to a successful conclusion.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR REPRESEN- TATION. Conference of working Class Organ- izat:ons at Warrington.

IThe subject of labour representation was under I discussion at a conference of working cUiss organ- izations held in the Druids' Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday evening. The object of the conference, which was convened by the Trades and Labour Council, was to consider the formation of a Workers' Election Committee in Warrington. The aim of the proposed committee, as stared on the circular calling the meeting, 'mania be " to educate the workers to a greater desire for direct labour re- presentation, and to give eff,ct to that desire by promo t lug the candidature of working ciass repre- sentatives on all publicly-elected governing bodies who shall be independent of any political party." There was a representative attendance at the con- ferenc,e, Mr John Edwardson, President of the Trades and Labour Council, presiding. Mr F Slim (secretary of the Trades Council) explamed the circumstancs which led to the convening of the meeting. He pointed out that the labour representation movement bad been growing for a number of years; and it was mainly owing to the energy displayed by the Independent Labour Party that conferences similar to that one had been arranged in various towns. Three or four months ago a resolution was fpassed by the Trades' Coun- cil instructing the Executive Committee to arrange that conference- They found that in the, past the Trades Council had contested various local elections with, in the main, very poor results. At the last Board of Guardians election they nominate I Mr Plinston for Bewsay Ward, and the result of the contest, trom a labour standpoint, was an utter failure. He, along with otners, thought it was not fair that the Trades Council as a bady should undertake any contest wnen they could not guarantee that the workingmen of Warrington were going to work and vote for (heir candidate. The meeting was called to ascertain the feeling of the workingmen towards labsur repreientutan. It had been said that Warrington was a " good old Tory town." That might be so, but he believed that:the men of Warrington were apathetic, because they ha I not begun to consider the question. He hoped the result of the meeting would be that all present would resolve to do their best to try and show the workingmen that their only hope for improved con- ditions lay in taking political action. !ifr Stott proceede4 to exolain why the Co-operative Siciety had not sent delegates to the meeting. He said a large number of members of the Society had pro- nounced political opinions, and they were afraid that if they sent delegates it might create ill-feeling between the members and the Committee. He hopea the Society would in future see fit to assist the movement like Co-operative Soci ities in other towns had done.

The CHAIRMAN said thPre were some wry, vital quAa- tions attached to trade unionists and workers g,nenally in Wirrington with regard to conrracts and labour Riven out to unfair shops, which made it n,cPssary that labour should Ix! represented. The Trades CJuncil hid joined the Labour Representation Association and 10-,,comA subscribers to it.

Mr E PLINST 1/4 rf trIPAa V and Vehicle Workers) moved " Tnat this conference is of opinion that the timo has arrived when the working c'asses ought to he strongly represented on all 1 .cal governing bodies and in the House of Commons." Be said ths.ro was ample rt.oof that direct representation was required in local aff Lira at all events. They knew, as trade not )nists, that the Trades Coucil were charged with doing very lit-le. !They knew that they hid .tole thser utmost, and woe 1 little hal been attained bad been after a great stroao,le. What they desired was a fair direct representation upon the local governing bodies of the town. Be said, with- out tear of contradiction, that the wo-king men of War- rington and otter towns were reTonslble frr the position of affairs. They:were responsible tor not having 1, had direct representation before this. If th.y pad , on the Town Council a fair representation of the work- ine Classes, they could demand what they now had to solrcit. They would then have a right to inglirs into matters, whera they at present had DO Holt to do Anything but solicit. ?dr. Plinstoo also reforred to the advantage to be gained ty direct representat on in Par- liament.

Mr. PLUMB (Trades Council) seconded the motion,and said this was one of the most urgent masters t at had been tor ought before the Trades Councl. The po,i'ion of trade unionism was being reduced to a low livel in th-e country. Their liberties and the chances thsr had of gaining concessions had been almost whilled away to nothing. All over the country deciairms were being given against them and there was scarcely a*ythin,. that a trades unionist could do that vras not illegal. The only- way they could possibly get leg elation alrerod W 99 by hayinz their own class to represent them. instead of being misrepreserted by those they had elected in the past.either on the Town Coun:il,Board of Guardians, or ewn the House of Commons,

Mr BODGE. of Manchester. (vice-president of the Labour Representation Commit'ee` eupperted the rem,- lotion. Be said the questio iof direct labour representa- tion was of one of long standing. The movemeot had been growing for a good number of years hut it was only within the laet three years that it had taken a deep root. At the present time river 700,00) trad, uninnists were affiliated to the Labour Representation Committee. The movement was meant to get rid of political "isms" and get workers, independent of politics, to rally round Isbonrism. He believed that when another general election took ploct, the repteseataticn of lab-mr in the House of Commons would bP very much stronger than it was at the present day. Speaking of Pat lia mentary elections, he pointed out that even if the labour candi- dates were not successful, the elections aff r led oppor- tunities of ed.aeating the workers. Centinuing, he said they must nct he attached to any political party. They had the strength, stamina, courage, and ability to stand by themseloe t. (Applause.) The speaker proceeded to point out the disadvantages suffered by trade nninplara through not having sufficient representation in Parlia- ment, and referred particularly to the Comprnaation Act. There were, he said, many inequalities I and injustices perpetrated as a result of the present system of Government, both Parliamentary aid munici- pal, and it was only when trade unionist res., to a true reallz ttion of what might be accompl shed.and Put their shoulders to the wheel by dropping every "ism " extrpt lahouriarn that they could ever hope to better the condi- tion of the workers. Referring to the E lunation Bill he asked if that measure was meant to Rive them every faellite for the proper education of their children ? (" No.') It was meant to hand their children over to priestcraft and clericalism. He:contended that a proper system would be one which would enable any boy or girl to obtain the very best edu-ation that the country afforded. Continuing he expressed the here, that that meeting marked the dawn of a new era se far as War- rington was concerned. (Applause.)They mui t go forth, and each man influence his neighbour to such an extent that the desire to be represented on local bodies, as well as in Parliament, would become such is strong and mighty force, that so far as Warrinetnn was concern,d. they would Ere long triumphantly aehieve their desire. (Applause.) The motion was unanimously agreed to.

_ .- 1 Mr J. PODNIORE, jun. (Indeoend.nt Labour Party) , nropossd " That thiemeeting is in favour or a Worker's Election Committee b^ing formed in Warrington, for the purpose of securing direct labour repressntation on all local governing bodies." Ho said he was glad they were rousing themselves because he holieved that labour should take upon its shoulders some responsibility of sel'-gov,rnmenr. RV believed la blur repreaentatives on local bodies in Wsrttligton would be of Considerable use. There were brains enough stnong the workers to he of very great use on the local governing bodies. Be did not think that those whom they -a a ', St"lnt to renresent th.m just claim to represontation. Warrington could boast of a monopoly of brains. (Laughter.) The wwaorskaerpsuly hr:laindustrial constituency. Compared with other classes the percentage of workers was very great, and they had a just claim by their number to be repre- sented on local governing bodies. They arms ratepayers, and lived in the town, and be lrlieved there was no one better able to administer affairs in the town than the people who lived in it. Representation was needed in Warrington because thoy could take in band questions that vitally affectrd the workers. They had houses in Warrington not dt for animals to live in, and human beings were living in them. They had the gutter s the ployzround for the children. Where was the enthusiasm in the Tawn Council for public Tatar- grounds, and for moans of recreation for the men ? If the Labour representation movement was to he SUCCeSF- fat it would Playa to be on entirely independent line.. There must be no deviation from the principle of inde- pendency. Mr KENDRICK (TE4O"O nen) seelnded. After some discussion an amendment proposed by Mr FLAN NERY and seconded by Mr BUCKLEY. tha the meeting was in favour of a committee being frrmod for the purpose of securing direct labour representation on all bed governing bodies, and "in the House of Com- mons," was Lasaed.

A reßolution that a emnmittee he appointed to take further stens in the mattpr was pass'd. s.n am,ndment that it be referred t a the differenr Focieties in the tiwn before a committee was formed beim! defeated. The feu„inc %„,,re appointed on the committee : Messrs Pnchtiore, Plumb, Jones, Stott, Plinston, and Kendri,itr.

Mr FlonGE having been thanked Fr his addre s, the meeting terminated.

SEVRRAL LADIES SECOND-HAND BICYCLES for gale. —GARLAND, 51, Bridge-at, Warrington.—Advt. UNDER THE CLOCK roR GOOD BOOTS.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

" All to pieces." This is a form of complaint we often hear of—the system out of condition, temper uncertain, os that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less, no appetite, no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted is gomethiag to pull you tegether.Get:Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and you will soon find that it will pull you together, and plat you will be all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do yau good, for it contains everything necessary for fighting wasting disease. There is no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off many serious illnesses. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has ben weakened by disease and therefore more liable to cols and their attendant ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation. Gwitym Evans' Quinine Bitters assists and promotes digestion, and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters rouses the sluggish liver, arid thus enlivens the spirits. Gsrilym Evans' Quinine Bitters removes all impurities and ob- structions from the human body. Gwilym Evans' Quinine B:tters gives tone to the whole system. There is no secret about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Only Dame Nature's secrets to he found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dandelion. Scientifically combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and widespread the blessings of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity, the best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion,Weakness, Nervcumess, Loss of Appetite, Low Spirits,Sleeplessness, Cheat Affections. and Influenza. Gwdyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters is en- tirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances, , which give future pain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is equally adapted to all ages and condi- tions. Thousands have been permanently cured by Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters when all other remedies have failed. Gwilvm Evans' .Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, and enjoyment in life to al/. Do not be persuaded to take any substi- tute for Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bittere,but in your own interest, and for your own self-protection, see that the name " Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for 't. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles:2a 91 and 43 6d each everywbere,or will be sent, carriage free, OR receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—The Quinine Bitters Manufactur- ing Company. Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON LIBERAL CLUB v. WARRINGTON CJNSERVATIVE CLUB. A match at bowls was played on Saturday between the Liberal and Conservative Clubs on the Bewssv-street green, and after a most enjoyable afternoon the Linerals ran out winners by 61 points. Sore : LIBERAL CLUE,

CONSERVLTIVE CLUB. El• D. S D. J R Warren "I 1 3 H Daintith F Dean 5 J Davies 8 W Jones ll F Baker 113 W Barton J Bowen . 10}.13 D Rawlings A Jones R J Mitchell J Middleton R Marrow 85 1 10 J Sankey ll f '' H P Turner G H Shaw 17 19. T O'Brien J Him 2hton IC A Sanders .1 Holmes ill 110 G Lawton 180 107 146 80 107 80

287 223 Liberal Club 287 Conservative Club 226

Majority for Liberal Club

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION. SEMI-FINAL CHAMPIoNSHIP. WARRINGiON v. WHITEFIELD..

...... . The second semi-final was played at the Chapel House, Heaton Chapel, on Saturday and opened in favour of Warrington. At half—time but eleven shots separated the contestants. Details

WARRINGTON WHITEFIELD. J Willett 2l w Booth l5 J. Harrison 2O C Dawson 2l T BOton 21 5 W Ashton 11 Williams George Ball B Butterworth 2l A Chambers T Ellison S Allison a l7 S Walker 2l J Ashton J Wood W Hill 2l W st Oldroyd B Taylor 2l A Hilton l5

_ Total 232 Total 2Ol OVER RECREATION v. WESTON POINT. Played at Over on Saturday afternoon. Result : OVER. WESToN. James Walker (rapt) 2l J Bebbington l4 R Woodward 2l R Jakeman lB J Ikin 2l H Dunbavin , 14 A Oakes lB T Woods 2l A Hitchin J. Dickenson 2l W Beckett l9 It Barnett A Ikin 2l W Anderton J Done 2l. J Kurile 3 A Tomlinson lB W Dale H Deakin A Hunt W Clarke ll W Dale 2l C Cave 21 H Payne l4 W Brookes l9 J. Prophet 3 Tomlinson 2l Broderick

===== 0002601_19020725_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WILSON'S HOTEL BOWLING OLUB.

—A Member's Handicip Main at bowls on the above ereen, for priz9B presented by the President (Mr W Murray) and Vicc-Presidont (Mr B Turner). The handi- cap commenced on Wednesday, July 9th, and was finished on Friday. H Farmer was successful in winning the President's priz9, (a case of carvers), and Thomas Bebbington succeeded in winning the Vice- President's prize (a case of pipes). WILSON'S HOTEL, RUNCORN, v MERSEY HOTEL,

===== 0002601_19020725_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES:

.• An enjoyable match at bowls took place on Saturday, between the above teams on the Mersey Hotel green, and resulted in a victory for the home team by 18 points. Score : WILSON'S HOTEL. IVERS ET HOTEL.

O. D. B. D. T Richardson (capt) ... 11 1. , F Mitchell (capt) 7 113 H Farmer - G Brady, Samuel Dutton ll}l3 J Williams lO 111 B Jolley Thomas Riley R Wilson Thos. Chamberlain 9t 9 Fred Wilson Chas. Woods H Nixon 8 8 11 113 A Moulton W Mercer Thos. Bebbington C Woodward C Faulkner 4 6 113 Geo. Banner 7 1 Forster ......... ....... 11 A Gee ll 113 J Benbow J Bllams F Platt . J Richardson 163 77 151 IC7

)11 FEEL LL In I.I3TLESS, worried and upset Lrifies, can't think; can't can't smoke, or enjoy your fr society bores you and work some. you need a root and herl 'ike Mother Seigel's Curat oclearn•e and give tone to assist digestion, brace

nerves and invigui ate you:

"'"'" , F 7 TA ,4E" iTzz a K 264 e

CURATIVE Y

,3 MT. WILLIAM ELUNN, 24,

. . Barnt Green, Worcs., in. letter stating how he was cure indigestion by Mother Se; trative Syrup petite, r

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P. S. A. Society. There was an average attendance at the meeting of this society en Sunday afternoon. Mr Healey presided and spoke upon " Cheerfulness." The speaker for the occasion was Mr Moss, of Stockton Eleath,who delivered a thoughtful address on " Character." A quartet paity censistiog of Miss Bridge, Miss Woodland,Mr Corrin and Mr Spruce very effieienly centributed two quartettes entitled " Ged so loved the world "arid " God is a sprit." Mr W H Pay ten, Moe. Bac., presided at the organ. Tee service was also taken part in by Mr Downes, Mr David Owen and Mr B 'arrar. The lad- named gentlemen gentlemen read a letter from the Rev John Yenge, who is recruiting his health at Elarrogate. Baptist Chapel, Golborne-street. Toe Pastor (Rev El Dunnieo). delivered the first of a series if sermons on the " Verities of the Christian Faith," in the above church on Sunday morning. There was a large congregation, in the course of his sermon he said he did not euppese they would agree with all he would say, but that was only what was to be expeeed. and his obj-ct would be accomplished if only he might inspire the young men tee take an intelligent interest in the subjects disousafd. No careful observer of the times could fail to no.ice that they were in a state of transition in the religious world ; at any rate they had come to the parting of the ways. Many of the elJer systems if belief had gone and many others were going, but, for his port he saw no cause for •nxiety or panic. Some people mistook these beliefe and dogmas for re- ligion itself, and were trunbline lest the foundations of the Cairch were being destroyed, but that was not so. Their little systems had their day and ceased to be, but the vital esseutial lite of the Church remained ever the ' same. rue pastor then spoke on the subject of Bible difficulties and noted that the evidences for Christianity rested upon the Resurrection, the testimony of the Gospels and Epistles and on the history of the Church and not upon the strange doings of an ass or a whale. Whether they were able to accept the literal acouracy of these stories or net, it was extremely illogical to re- fuse to accept the lesson they conveyed, and extremely foolish to refuse to believe in the Bible at all. The preacher spoke ter same time upon the various difficul- ties ; and, in conclusion, get e the testimony of our greatest men respecting the Bible. Re appealed to them all to read the book in an earnest, reverent, manner, without any preconceived ideas, and if they did that they need not fear the result. Buckley-street Methodist Free Church.

The choir sermons were preached in this church on Sunday, by Mr Andrew Scriven. In the morning the Preacher drew special attention to the musical portion of the church's service, urging the choir to do their utmost to make the services bright and influeatial by renderiag their tongs of praise in all sincerity. ,If the singing was to b 3 eefactive, they should study to be in earnest in the rendition of each piece If music. Miss Fairhurst sang" Toou knowest, Lord, Thee knowest all about me." A musical service was held in the after- noon, presided over by Mr E Plinston. Mr Morton delivered an address upon " Miriam's song." Mr W Looker effeetively rendered the solos " There is a green hill far away," and" Man of Sorrows." Mrs Moores , sweet voioe was heard to advantage le "Sweetly sad vision " and " Our owe dear home" Mr Woods was much appreciated ire " The star of Bethlehem " and a recitative air from " Elijah." The choir rendered the anthem " Abide with me." Mr Albert E Trow was the accompanist, and Mr Ryder con lucted the choir. The evening, service was well attended, when the pulpit wee again occupied by Mr SCriVerl, who took for his text " As Moses lilted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whosoever believeth on Him should not perish, but hays everlasting life." Mr Woods sang " Sun of my soul," and special hymns and anthems were rendered by the choir. The Bishop of Liverpool at St. Paul's Church. Special services were held in this Church en Sueday, the offertories being in aid of the:Church Rnovation Fund. The preacher at the morning service was the Rev J E Wainwright. M.A., (Battersea Training College). In the afternoon the Bishop of Liverpool delivered an address to men only, the service being largely attended. His Lordship also preached in the evening, when every seat in the Church was occupied. The Bishop took for his text the words " And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither : so that there was ceither hammer nor axe, nor any tool of iron heard in the house while it was in building."—l. Kings vi. 7. The Bishop made an earoest appeal to the congregation to give liberally towards the renocatioe fund of the church. tte stated that he could not help being s ruck when he arrived at the church that afternoon, and again that evening, at the exceeding neatness and beauty of the elsurchyard. It was kept as God's Acre ought to be kept, namely, with care, love, and reverence. The work redounded to the credit of all who had been responsible for it. The same svirit of reverence which had prompted them to keep God's Acre se beautiful prompted them also to keep God's house equally well. In a few years' time that house, so we'l kept at present, would need again the brush of the painter and trae care of the carpenter. The cost would be great for the building was urge, and to pay the whole amount in a single year would be a heavy draw en their finances as a ceurcn and congregation. Therefore, like prudent men, they were preparing for the improvement when it belame nec,ssary to make it. During the service special hymns were sung, and the anthem " Glory to• Thee, my God, this night," was creditably rendered by the choir.

.i•Va,.. IA H ~,, ~. ''. . Ir. vo' !mp "' ~ AN ,or sr? - by A tr“ work„fl;:l er food; is irk- ' ,ria exti act ••i Ltive S.-tircp ,: .4 ''...-. t( ..„. a5r...,... r...,... , you v li-• er, ...:I up y our ti sy atent. ......aci •"uoig,,i. "r74,Z1 D . , \ Lii p k li Led- A Vof oy . .....igel's .-.4 Cul ~.up:—" It improved iny -"•44..., k' app,„_, enabled me to digest my :7,1 food, and gave ine better Fleep. If I ever feel run down, tired Cr languitl,.\lil I take a dose of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, and always feel -A ...7 ~... better for it." •Nt" JP L V ATF ri7-:VFnar-7: s. t - " ira ..'1 \W4il 4- 1 4,r'... ''. •'" k rFa l'r, 4., ' ~,'4.';

CO:;„ : t

===== 0002601_19020725_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
PEOPLE ARE EATING LESS.

At the annual meeting of a well-known Refreshment House Co. the other day, it was officially reponed that the numner of people served had no: decreased, but the quantity of food consumed had. This means so much °inlet loss of strength ; for as soon as the food supply is diminished the bodily strength declines. Chas. Forde's Bile Beans will keep an edge on your appetite during summer's trying weather, and will prevent you from being "run do on "or becoming a sufferer from in- digestioo's evil. Mrs Mary A Dodsworth of Shipyard Row, Selby, says :—" I could take very little food be- cause of indigestion. Meat was to me uneatable. E2gs caused me pain- Bread, tea, bacon and ordinary articles of diet made me so sick that I hated to touch food at all. The result was I became so weak and jaded that I was hardly able to walk. To-day I am in robust health ; and the difference in me is due solely to Bile Beans. I am a living example of what vast changes they can work." Every man and woman who has no appetite, should remembsr Mrs Dodsworlb. Bile Beans are sold by all chemistf at one and three-half-pence or two and nine. At *emits, debility, " summer-fag," constipation, head- ache and all female ailments disappear wherever they are introduced.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

GARDEN FETE AT HILL CLIFFE. —A garden fete organized by Mrs•llenry Greenall, with the object of aiding the scholarship fund for St Elpsdn's Clergy Daughters' School (in which institution she manifest much • interest) was held on Monday afternoon in her picturesque grounds at Hilt Cliffs, and was attended with gratifying success. The attendance nuilhbered over 500.Bts'itlee those taking an active part in:the event there were among those present the Mayoress of Warrington (Mrs J C Parr), Mr Roger Parr, Mr W P Rylands, NI J E Seeker, the Rev Canon Willis and 'Mrs Willis, Rev A S Cameron, Rev G Diekinsen, Mrs Eokersley (Southport) , Mrs F A Frost, Mrs Vere Davies, Mr Leonard Davies, Mr W Richardson, Miss Kennedy, the Misses Litton and Mrs Fletcher (Whitley). There were a variety of attrac- tions to amuse. The most fun was to be had round the see-saw,on which numerous pillow fights took place. This was under the direction of Mr T J Lee and Mr J Birtles. Several swing boats were superintended by Mr F G Taylor Mr. Bradshaw had charged of the " Aunt Sallies," and Mr H J Westbrook, of the cocoanuts; Mr W H J Jenkins managed a lucky table; Mr B Newcombe and Mr J Gray a fish pond ; Mr G H Smith, a croquet target ; and Mr A M Ker. ping-pong tables. Two large mar- quees were rected, in one of which refreshments were served, while the other contained a fancy work atall, which was presided over by pupi's from the Clergy Daughtere' School, who contributed the articles for sale, together with a fruit and flower stall, over which Mrs Henry Greenall presided and was asiisted by Mrs Wright Mrs Myles Davies, Mrs Glazsbrook, Mrs Greenall, and Miss Massey. The depot band from the Barracka was in attendance and played for dancing in the evening,the arrangements for which were in the hands of Mr New- combe. A croquet tournament held on Saturday and Monday was watched with considerable interest. There were 28 entries. Mr Mclntyre and Mr E J Hall had charged of the arrraneemente at the Cate. The proceed- ings fittingly closed with a firework display.

warrington P.S.A. The usual meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday after- noon, and was largely attended. "Sowing and Reaping "was the subject of the address of the Chairman (Mr W laregson). The speaker, Mr W Murby, gave an aeltress on "Tolerance,' A piano forte solo, by Mr Nelson, was warmly applauded. Mr E Taylor and Mr S Unsworth also took part in the service. A number of new members were enrolled at the close of the meeting. Good remplary. The I 0 G T temperance organization has again commenced its work in Warrington, and the Temperance Mission Lodge, which holds its meet- ings in the Ebenezer Churl, had ft visit the other day from Bro J Parr (" Happy Jack "), of Leigh, who gave a very interesting address on " Extracts from my life."

WARRINGToN v. BOoTI, nis rsturn engagement was decided at Bootle on Saturday. Score : BOOTLE. vaRRINGTON. Dr Macleay b Lyn s 0 J pollen b Sandiford ...... 17 Mason run out l9 J Gibbon c Smith b T S Jonnson c Barber kr Mason l6 Lynes A J Schbfield c Hallam b Mason 7 Lynes H Williams c J Callon b 3 W BibbyC F Johnson b Bibby F W Bouchier b Lynes 1 Lynes not out 35 F 0 Johnson b Lynes. ..... .. 2 0 if Bishop run out— 8 3 P Crouch not oat 5l J Thompson c Sandiford J W Jones b Gibbon l3 b Crouch 3 SW Smith's Lynes lO 3' Hallam b Mason 6 H Saadiford run out 0 G Hampson not out F Barber did not bat I Extras 9 Extras 2l

Total .155 Total (Si wkts) ......113 BOWLING ANALYSIS. BOOTLE, WARRINGTON. 0. M. R W. 0 M. R. W. Lynee 20 3 3 75 6 Nilson J W bibbv Wif Podmore 4 0 23 0 I{ Sandiford... 7 1 19 3 3 Hallam ...... 3 Gibbon WARRINGTON V BOOTLE (SECOND ELEVENS).—This match was played at Arpley on Saturday, he home team being victorious by seven runs. Score -- WARRINGTON. BOOTLE. 0 R Adamson lbw b 3 Sprakeling c Adamson Bamford 3 b Woods 5 B Pierpoint b Browubill ... 11 G B Wilson b Pierpoint 40 B B Woods c Bamford b W Spruce b 14 Bennett 25 Sharpe 6l R A Costain b Pierpoint 0 A Jewkes b Bamford 0 G H BarnfordbH Bennett 7 A Duckworth run ont Cll Unsworth c Sprakeling worth b H Bennett... 7 b Sharpe ll R C Deane & b Pierpoint 3 T Oliff run out D Plineton b Bamford 2 J Rogers Is Pierpoint 0 G Bennett to Wilson b Sub not out Sharpe 3 W Sharpe Is Bromley Is C D Bromley not out W Bennett b Bamford 0 Extras 9 Extras l2

Total 137

Total 130

WARRINGTON WESLEYANS V ST PAUL'S.—This match ended In a win for the Weeleyans, andiwas the first defeat for St 1 Paul's this season. Score . wkitRINeITON WESLEYANS sr. Perm's. B Jones b Prow 3 GO Dawson c& b Bodin 2 ' H Moward 0 Wilkinson b 0 Prow c Highlev b Boils 4 ' Ward AlBurten run out 0 Highley ec Gardner b J Ward c Moon b Burton 0 Prow 2 J Wilkinson b Bodle H Bodle c Ward b 'Prow 0 P Gardner b Burton 0 R Hewitt c Ward b Ward... 2 W Tomkins b Burton 0 Ii Chilton c Wilkinson b G Waywell st Moon b Prow T Hatch b Gardner 6 H Perdu a c Chilton Is W Davidson b Gardner 0 Bodle H Moon b Prow 4 H Boardman not out.

E Aspey not out 0 Extras

Extras

Total 23 Total HIGH LEGH V GRAPPENHALL.—This match was played at High Legh and resulted in a draw. Score :-- GBAPPENHALL. HIGH LrGH J Burrows b Strridge ...... 3 R H Gorton lbw b G J Warburton b Surrldge ... 20 Watson J Pearson e Surridge b H G Clegg e B Watson h Southern Segar Owen c & b Surridge 19 H Hulme not out 3l W Carter lbw b Gorton 23 Bev G A Jackson a G W Banks a Jackson b Watson b W Watson ... 10 Hulme J. Hobin b Gorton . 3 T Renshaw c& b W Arat- D Watson b Hulme 11 Edwards not out 8 Hon J B Cross b G Wet- . - _

-- A Ellison c Surridge b son Southern G Watson c Tunstall b Hulme 3 Extras 8 Extras 8

Total 160 Total 139 CHESHIRE LINER lINGINEERS T. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.— At Lovely-lane. Score :

WIRE MILLS. ENGINEERS. Woodcock lbw b Monks 0 P Lawless b Evans 0 Burton b Monks J Evans b Duckworth 4 Irvine b Cook Clarke 0 Monks b Duck- Ish Hackett b Evans 1 worth Gough b Duckworth ... ...... 0 Howard b Burton lO P Williams not out 35 Brown b Woodcock l3 N Cooke Barnes b Monks... 3 James Monks c Burton b H Cook rnn out 2 Evans Hawthorn , Duckworth b Joseph Genders t Evans 0 Monks 5 Bennett not out Hughes b Monks 0 B Hackett b Cook W Zvans b Monks Extras 7 Extras 5

Total 59 Total 73 CILESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS 2ND V SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND.—At Battersby-lane. _

ENGINEERS. WIRE MILLS. F Deeley b Hatton 9 F Olegge b 13 Deeley 0 W Allem* bHatton 6 0 Morrell b F Deeley 0 B Deeley run out 7 8 Hatton c Newns, b B - T Thompson b Hatton M Llewellyn lbw b Hatton 0 B Taylor 0 Simlster b 3 Newt's b Hatton 2 Deeley 2 W Jenks b Olegge 4 J Foden b F Daeley 2 T Dutton b Clegge 0 N Cook blt DePley 4 J. Slnsister not out 1 D Hanablett c Allcock b _ _ _

- -- - ---- - ------- - W Wilson b Clem 0 Deeley 5 G Crozier b Hatton .... ..... 0 H Davies b E Deeley A Sidaall o Crozier b F Deeley W Jones c Crompton b Deeley J Asnip not out 6 Extras 6 Extras 2

Total MOORE AND DLRESEURY V. DAVENEILM.—Thie match was played at Moore Pat* on Saturday. Score : MOORE I.ITD DLRESBITRY. DAVENHAM. I T Forster b Dutton G Logan Wright b Sankey 7 B Perry ti Antrobus b J Ashton c Ryder b Dutton 29 Taylor 2 Rev El 3 El May b Perry ... 13 F Cross b Taylor Jas Antrobos b Perry S Taylor c Perry b Cross J Knight e Dutton 13 Perry 21 T Shaw b Taylor J Millington not out 0 0 Swindells b Taylor 1 C Ryder b Forster 1 W Robinson run out 1 1 T Hughes b Forster 0 I V Towers not out 0 Extras ll Extras 8

Total

Total 25

LATCHFORD BAPTIOT3 V. BANK QUAY MISSION.—PIayeI at Latchford on Saturday aril resulted in a win for the home team. Neither side played their full strength, but the visitors were even more unfortunate in this respect than the home team. The Mission batted first, and were dismissed for 25,ltiliffe securing five wickets for 12 runs and Conway four for 11. For the home team Hunt was top scorer with 10, the whole team being dismissed for 80.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Wash-day.

Why do you think we pay your grocer to hand you bacl< your money if , you don't like Fels- Naptha soap?

Because only nine women out of 00,000,000 sales in America took the money! You see it does what we say it vill do.

RELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Strcet London Ey _ .

===== 0002601_19020725_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Volunteers Returning Home.

The Mayor has received an intimation from Colonel Firzherbert that two officers and 42 rank and file of the Volunteer Service Company of the Liverpool Regiment ,tre due at Southamptm on F.S. " German on let August and also that Lent F Willcocks and 26 men of the Warrington 'Volunteers are due at Southampton on the same date.

Junior Conservatives at Chester and Farndon. The annual picnic in connection with the War- rington Junior Conservative Association took place on Saturday, Chester and Farndon being visited Ihe party numbering 105, of whom 93 were mem- bers of the Association, left Bank Quay Station at 12 30 and reached Chester in about an hour. They at once proceeded to the Groves where the steamer " Ontario "was in waiting to take them to Fara- don. The weather conditions were not very favour- able, but the sail was much enjoyed. On returning to Chester the party sat down to tea at the City Café. After the meal, Mr W L Williams proposed that a telegram be sent to Mr Balfour in the following terms :—" That the members of the Warrington Junior Conservative Association warmly congratulates the Right Hon. A J Balfour, M P., on the well-earned distinction conferred upon him by his elevation to the position of Prime Minister, and upon the universal approval with which his selection has been received." He apologized for the absence that day of their Presi- dent, Mr Roger Parr, Mr E Draper, Mr J H Smet- hurst. and Councillor A Bennett —A vote of thanks was accorded to the following committee, who con- ducted the arrangements for the party :—Messrs W L Williams (chairman), S Thorley (vice-chair- man), H Hayes (secretary),W C Brookes (treasurer), J Strettle,H B Houghton,J Seed, and J J Boardman' The party afterwards had a walk round the ancient city, and commenced the return journey at ten o'clock, having had an enjoyable outing under the circumstances.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Conservatives and the New Premier.

A meeting of the Council of the Conservative Association was held on Monday evening in the Assembly Room of. the Conservative Club, under the presidency of Mr John White. There was a good attendance of members.—On the motion of Coun- cillor Smethurst, secanded by Air George Jolley. Mr White was re-elected chairman. Alderman Fran- comb was re elected vice-chairman.—The following resolution was moved by the Chairman,seconded by Mr Ed Draper, supported by Mr W L carried unanimously :—" That this meeting of the Council of the Warrington Conservative Association desires to place on record its high appreciation of the invaluable services rendered to the Empire by the Marquis of Salisbury for more than a quarter of a century, and, whilst congratulating. Mr Arthur J Balfour upon his appointment as Prime Minister, assures him that he and the Government of which

he is the head may depend upon the continued sup- port of the Unionist party in Warrington."—A vote of thanks having been accorded to Mr White for presiding," God save the King" was sang, and the proceedings terminated.

A man was arrested /ale on Tuesday night in con- nection with the excessive robbery from the Belfast Free Library of costly articles lent by the South Kensington Museum.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION.

How the Warrington Go-operative Society Will Commemorate the Event.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Handsome Donation to the Infirmary.

Mr T Birch%ll presided on Monday evening at the Co-operative Hall, Saakey-street, over the 166th quar- terly meeting of the Waarington Equitable Industrial Co-operative Society, Limited. In the course of his speech, in moving the adoption of the report and toe balance sheet, he said they had arrived at a very event- ful period in the history of the country. They had seen asce Wing the Throw+ the son of the noblest monarch that bad ever ruled over the destinies of this country. The King was loved and trusted by his peop'e, and he believed be ty.arld prove a worthy son of his mother. The Society were desirous of marking their satisfaction and loyalty by something that ahauld not be merely of an ephemeral character: A great deal of money had been spent on things that were merely fizzles, such as fireworks, which afforded a tem- porary gratification and ultra soon all over, but they in that society wished to mark their sense of the approaching Coronation by supporting one of the noblest inetitutions in the borough—they meant the Infirmary—by giving a donation of £5OO from the Eduestion Reserve Fund. (Applause). That sum would be fir abe at the Infirmary to be called after the name of the society. They all knew the deep interest hia Majesty took in institutions for the railer of suffering, and would remember that when someone askad what was the best means of presentmg a gift to him be said "Support the hospitals." That was a very noble sentiment. (Rear, hear and applause.) The minutes of a previous meeting were then read, in which it was suzgesr,ed that the sum of £5OO should be given to the Infirmary, the bed to be called "The Warrington Co-operative Society Coronation Endow- ment Bad." . .

_ Mr J CROWTHER approved of the suggestion, but thought the Nursing Association was aleo descrOing of support. Tne CHAIRMAN thought the suggestion jost made was a good one and it would be taken into consideration by the committee. Mr Monks, the founder ot the War- rington and District Nursing A'sociation, and who at considerable cost helped to keep it going, was the first secretary of the Co-oporative Society. Be could assure the meeting that she Nursing Association had a warm place in all their hearts. The minutes were then agreed to, and the report adopted.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TO THIRSTY SOULS.

The most wholesome of all summer drinks is Lemon. ade. Two gallons cm bA made to perfection from a 4td bottle of "Eiffel Tower Lemonade." Tbe finest Messina Lemons are used in its manufacture. Dr A B Griffith,. the famous food analyet, says, " It is iMpos- siblo to produce Lernonsde of a higher standard of excellence." A 4id Bottle makes two E, all 'mg. Also use EIFFEL TOWER LEMON JELLIES.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Sunda/ School Teachers' Association.

The quarterly meeting of this Association was held at Padgate on Saturday afternoon. The Vicar- age garden was open to visitors at three o'clock,and tea was afterwards provided in the schools. A record number (130) sat down. In the evening a service was held in the church, when an address was delivered by the Rev, A A. Markham, vicar of St. Jude's, Liverpool. The gathering was a very successful one.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Alarming Accident in Bridge-street.

On Saturday —afternoon a cabman in the employ of Mr Greenough was driving along the 011-road, Latchford, when noticing that the door of his vehicle was open, he gat off to close it A railway engine blowing off steam frightened the animal, which turned round and rushed towards Warring- ton Bridge. At Bridge Foot P C flovvard tried to stop it but failed, and oppoqite the Public Benefit boot ahop in Bridge-street the cab collided with a trap in which sat Lady Synge, wife of:Major Sir FR M Synge, one of the °ricers at Orford Barracks, and her 'daughter, Lady Synge was thrown out and the near wheel of the trap passed over her body. The affrighted animal went on, and when near Messrs Brown's boot shop at the end of Friar's-green a man named Ralph J ackson, labourer, of Lyrnm, was knocked down in attempting to stop the animal and the cab wheels pesaed over him, P Us Monks and Richardson, on duty at the end of Rylande-street, frifzhteued the horse by holdiuu their capes out before it,and it came t.• a standstill on the footpath . James Fitzpatrick, 29, Cobden-street, took hold of the horse until the driver came up. Lady Synge. fortunately, was not very much hurt, and at her own request was sent home in a cab. Jackson, however, was badly bruised about the face and chest 411,1 was sent to the Infirmary for treatment. 'Lir-prep was damaged.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
• LARGEST, BEST, CHEAPEST.

Nearly 300 Branches.

LOCAL ADDRESSES. 35, BRID4R-STRHI3 } WARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGR-STRRET

ALSO AT LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, CHESTER, ETC,, ETC.

. . ,!.* ' ',,,•,:r1P.' • ' ''''''.;* i _ • V' .A-AA'' `:•; .. , tc, . `); ... , - ', CA SH :..:',-, , :4 A '''' t ... 4 oz • x , ' 14 EM

===== 0002601_19020725_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE NffnEK

ILLUSTRATED.

It seems almost incredible that within another fortnight the postponed Coronation will be un fait accompli; but such is indeed the case. For some time it has been an open secret that his Majesty wished the delay to be as short as possible, as his convalescence has been so marvellously rapid; and first it was tentatively announced that it would take place between the Bth and the 12th of August. At the end of last week the Earl Marshal made it known that Saturday, August 9th, was the chosen day—the day which had immediately been decided upon by the public mind as the most convenient of those mentioned. Already the nation have had two whole holidays in celebration of the event, and it was felt on every side that the choice of a Saturday would dislocate things less than any other day, as it was already a half-holiday. Of course, the Coronation will not carry nearly so much interest as it would have done in June, as much in connection with it has been discounted by partial celebrations; and naturally for the sake of his Majesty's health everything will be as far as possible curtailed. The service in the Abbey, for AWL 27465 4fas

===== 0002601_19020725_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
4Y,IT - r • .

The London Gazette,

Vubiizijer;b utrjority.

FRIDAY, JULY 18. 1002.

. • • Pri, Comma &Pals& ze. _ tly TY jr.entrel the hisjewiesq -e elece tie,ol /Wye:, ineadie

To M Einem dotard sal Iva Mayor, Aldermen, a, laorloa, in Co.—

Ja, re, pax

THE CORONATION:

REDUCED FACSIMILE OF THE OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE DATE IN THE GAZETTE.

instance will be cut down to the utmost point, lest the; strain should prove too great for the King, while the procession will only pass along , the shorter route—from Buckingham Palace to Westminster, vid the Mall and Whitehall, and back, 'yid St. James's Street, Piccadilly, and Constitution Hill. There will, also, be no second procession, as had been previously arranged, along the Diamond Jubilee route, through the Strand, and South London, but the King hopes to carry out this part of the programme in October, and has written to the Mayor of Southwark to this effect. At present his physicians do not consider him fit for such a trying ordeal, and the main object of everyone concerned is to get the Corona- tion safely over without any relapse in his Majesty's health. This will disappoint the vast majority of those who were to have seen the great pageant, but under the circumstances they bow to the decision without, a murmur, and will gladly wait till October when the procession will celebrate the Kines restoration to health as much as the Coronation. Amongst other things there will be no foreign deputations from the other Powers for many obilous reasons, each country being represented at the ceremony by its Ambassador at the Court of St. James's, and, though this will largely curtail the display in the Abbey and the interest of the procession, it will relieve the King of many great social responsibilities which would be entailed by their entertainment. One point which has caused general delight is the decision not to abandon the Naval Review, which will be held during the week after the ceremony. The whole fleet is to assemble at Spithead after the manceuvring is over, to be in readiness for the event, and there it will be joined, as it was in June, by representative ships from all the foreign fleets. People in general are delighted at the promptness which has been shown in all quarters in the reorganisation of the Coronation programme, which, though necessarily shortened, will un- doubtedly be full of interest and worthy of the historic occasion. The shortness a the route will probably create a boom in seats, and there is a great rush to secure places in the boats chartered for the Naval Review. His Majesty is certain of a rousing reception from all assembled, as his illness has made his popularity greater than ever, and the nation is anxious to show that it fully appreciates she pluck he has CAPTAIN LANIBTON,

IOOt ..tontsotl too tint! tolto on &coda ,s Proclonastion to Okla Aft. I deo won. 4„"°""' •

z ...A. , ~- :,----- ....," • ~.....n../P,, .. i ......., .... , , -----. , ;... --, "- -Th . • ...;,,,,,- ,- 1.• .. M ..._. 4011.11 i ' "..",i-g.:'4::•!;;;;:triti______ \_......„...._______.,, , , a1..-°#‘" • 'I --4:: ! _.4_. , , , ~ i , ,•, , - - - 7,._,. . .. •.. ..: .. ; -,.. . . .. _ .•.. , . . ~.7. -, . . . 72 .." -....*. - - -::'--r:,r:- -- --_ ...... ...- • . - ~....,-... ......• ---SliNdaMr-``" - , • -..- ' ' . .7 . ' : : --: .'7-.- - - - - ' "' - - -'7llr-,•ta ' _ . : - - - --.- • •,....r-- r -- -7. ....-. .. - --.-. - •,

===== 0002601_19020725_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING'S YACHT AND HER CAPTAIN.

exhibited from first to last, not only during the actual operation itself, but in his vain attempt to carry things through as arranged, at the risk of his very life. Meanwhile, the King is progressing as favourably as possible on board the Royal Yacht, and gaining strength day by day. In fact, from the very day of the operation he has made the most consistent progress, thanks to the unremitting care of his physicians, and never for an hour has he shown signs even of delay in his recov.ery. It is due to this pleasing fact that it hbo been possible to reorganise things for the Coronation ceremony so quickly—far more quickly than was at first anticipated. Since his Majesty reached Cowes, having taken the journey splendidly, his convalescence has been especially rapid, and it is expected that by the 7th or Bth of August, when he will return to town, he will be in better health than he has been in for years. Report says that he is looking particularly well, and considerably thinner than before his breakdown.

Nobody was surprised at the resignation of Lord Cadogan when it fell to Mr. Balfour's lot to reorganise the Unionist Cabinet, as it has been an open secret since last October that he was anxious to retire from the post of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. He did not wish to re- join the Cabinet at all after the Gen deraild oElesctiot% but oblige Lord Sails- bury, and latterly remained in office in view of the King's proposed visit to Ireland, which has not yet taken place Owing to various circumstances. So, naturally, when a new Premier took office and a re- distribution of places in the Cabinet became necessary, hi s portfolio was the first to go in. Earl Cadogan has LORD OADOGAN held this peon- THE RETIRING LORD•LIEUTENANT liarrly trying and OF IRELAND. difficult office _ _

since 1895, when he succeeded the Earl of Crewe, upon the downfall of Lord Rose- bery's short term of Office, and amongst the Irish people themselves seldom has there been a more popular Lord Lieutenant. In fact, for an English.' man he went down wonderfully well with the whole of the Irish nation, and his term of office was socially one of the Most brilliant ever seen. Politically, however, he laid .himself open to great criticism, especially amongst his friends. and it is whispered in Government circles that he has at times considerably embarrassed his Unionist .eoarfreres. Suffice to say that relations between 'Dublin Castle and the Ileading Unionists of,

Ithe Irish capital, such as Lord Iveagh and otl2 were politically not of the best, and while he be generally regretted byithe majority of the poptl: lation, a more amenable successor will be I lecke° forward to by the chief local representatives of hi. party. Being a member of the Cabinet, he WO primarily responsible for the Irish policy of he Administration as Mr. George Wyndham, the Chie,, Secretary, had no seat in the supreme politio-OJ+ council. However, the promotion of the latter. i.s! now assured; and the new Lord Lieutenant vril-` not be in the ring of the Cabinet and, therefore,. more a social leader than a political one. Of Lorct Cadogan it may safely be said that he has acted! very conscientiously and has played the temporal, role of local King with lavish brilliance and grese expenditure from his private purse. It was expected that he would have figured in the Coronado!! Honours' list, but now it appears that his revrar was probably held over in view of his retirement. It is announced that the new Lord Mayor or London is to be Sir Marcus Samuel, who ht been an Alderman since 1891, and was Shaw in 1894-5. He was knighted in 1898 in connee- tion with the services he rendered to Victorious, and has all through his career beeo a very successful man. . In his young days 115 travelled widely in the East and Japan, where he established a business, and it was he who first introduced the transport of petroleum i n bulk through the Suez Canal. The Lord Mayor- Elect, who is only forty - nine years of age, lives in Portland Place, and has a country house in Kent. His year of office promises to be a very quiet SIR one in contrast THE LORD MAYOR-F.LECT OT to those of his LONDON. three prede- cessors—Sir Alfred Newton, Sir Frank Green, and Sir jog Dimsdale. The first-named will be remembel In connection with the excitement of the War 0 the prompt organisation of the which splendidly vindicated the prowess of the Sir Frank Green's term of office witnessed death of Queen Victoria, and the accession of h Edward, while Sir Joseph Dimsdale's time been a particularly full one with the Conn Therefore, it is hardly likely that Sir hl Samuel will find his occupation of the civic as sensational as those of his immediate

p 2 • :'

- • N 0106646 f s MARCUS SAMUEL

===== 0002601_19020725_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
cessors.

In South Africa things are passing as rapidly.lr. possible out of the hands of the military autbersD ties into those of the civil, and it is obviowarb!„ the great object of the Government and In administrators is to make the War forgotten soon as possible, now that Briton and Boer hal finally joined forces under the Union Jack. La, Kitchener's departure left Lord Milner in full can mend, and the less the military department halt" interfere the more quickly things will, in probability, settle down. At first everything Welj„e very satisfactorily cwing to the undivided efforts De Wet and others of the Boer leaders in the calf of quieting the surrendered Boers comfortek4 and peaceably, but the latest advice from If., Transvaal is that there has been something reaction, and that amongst the rank and file CI? late foes a good deal of hostility of attitude is exhibited, the colours of the late Republics beil:LA; actually worn in places 1 This is mainly ifl towns, where feeling runs higher than in re country districts, where the Boers are settlll,l4; down to build up their shattered fortunes witkn aid of the 'British Government, and it is asal.""

THE HON. SIR A. LAWLEY..

===== 0002601_19020725_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO- INTERESTING SOUTH AFRICAN APPOINTMENTS.

MAJOR-GEL FETRERSTO7

to the intense feeling against the " Natiouro; Scouts," in which many surrendered Boers enrolled to serve against their erstwhile comrau, This is, it must be admitted, more or less nattan and it is expected that with judicious handling AI will soon blow over, especially as the Boer lea dt; are pulling consistently with the British and 01;4 countenancing any truculence of attitude. It '8.7 announced some months ago that Lord Milner lite been appointed Governor of the Transvaal and Orange River Colony, with Colonel Gould Adni, as his second-in-command in the latter, and nc°,4, is gazetted that the Honourable Sir Arthur will act as Lieutenant-Governor of the Trans"Sr under him. The last-named is at present Gover,j;jl3, of West Australia, which he leaves on August • Sir Arthur Lawley is the younger brother of TAT, Wenlock, and started his career in the Hussars, rising to the rank of captain. Prow ',`te to 1896 he acted as ;private secretary to the Duke of Westminster, and two years later 118„,,," appointed Administrator of Matabeleland. post, which he held until his promotion to Weto Australia last year, gave him a great insight African matters, and he, therefore, goes to hie.Livril and important post well equipped to aid Milner in a difficult and delicate task. Geoe,,o- e Nevile Lyttelton has taken over the sull_ore44 military command, but the district conitzu;sti under him have not yet been settled. flovee",,, fet, two important appointments have been gaztr 10 , Major-General R. S. Fetherstonhaugh, fl• command in Natal, and Major-General Sir J3;,00 Settle, D.Sc., to Cape Colony. Both officerS 1-00 done good and distinguished service during War, and the appointments are very popular. ea At the end of last week the news ee,4l England that the Sultan of Zanzibar hat', a relapse and passed away. Said Hamu";o3, Mahomed was a friend of England and Or; nonaine to the post, being proclaimed rallo- - by us on October 27th, 1896, in cession W •• Hamid-boel jao - , Thwain, w ore died in the jst, vious Au g for Before tile JO, Said xahe tic ei,110:, oem iTsf ohla' citlri:ol,.34N; e seized th ciaier palace, Prc) el if ing, hinof tan. clTidb.t,_t 0119.'; eovuerr. b 0 o(7,irrile HsrTs ehe hide e3ul litcfc vitfo; :III: and S9id tbe • took ref ogeiti pod German Consulate. The late Sultan Wabsolishisl ruler, and in 1897 issued a decree u slavery, but compensating the slave-11°1debr?; OP' trouble is anticipated in the succession of ,al COY Seyyid Ali, although both the Premier mander-in.Chief are at sea, return, laie Cofcre England, whither they came to attena ,_er neta'la nation. The late Sultan, like many t edoc,stel, potentates, had his successor, Seyyid krrrogi' b°l' in England, and the new Sultan is a AuLtii, sebe:j He spent two years at this English PI; retur and only left twelve months ago, when tn, lore `" so to his native land to get married an'A loe.". bis duties` of the position which he hasll. Ju so , starts unexpectedly called upon to- file reign young, but under happy au3pioels7"" the firm friendship of Great Britain.

, 4/ • ,D. 1: ~ . •• ' ?) •'• ', 1' \'' '------46C17. ..! , \NIII • I i, ........._ • t • ..).10p.,-, ' ' 1 . ... , • ... . , ... . •—• . „..„:„.......„ , ..... •,,,-..:„............_ ,sl. , . -',-, 6111.11"-

===== 0002601_19020725_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW SULTAN OF' ZANZIB.

„lPfti.o, , 0, A'n ;,,,, , .''...• \ F: • . - ._. .... -.. ~,- '... . ' F N.— 4, , =•,..5. .0 "--,,,/...../, N . SEYYID ALI

iiL '.'o o

===== 0002601_19020725_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

WU:lams—Stone.

Tbe marriage of MOS Elsie Williams, only daughter of and are Thomas Williams, contractor of North 8W-street, Live-mem, to Mr Charles Stone,under-brewer at Messrs Greened'. Whitle, and Company's brewery, Wilderspoonson of Mr F R Stone,who holds an important Deiitisei in the brewery firm of Messrs Groves and Withnsil, of Manchester, to de place on Thursday last akek at the Church of St Michael's-in-tbe-Hamlet, Liverpool. The officiating clergyman was the Rev W J COl5, ricer of St James's, Toxreth. The sacred edifice laals crowded by a !sage number of friends and admirers ef the families of the contracting parties. The bride was given away by her alter, Mr T Wiilim. She was attended by four very Louthtul bridesmae—Mise Marie Stone, sister of the "ridee,roem ; MISS Ethel Wheeler, cousin of the bride ; and the Misses Morrie 41'11 Gladys Lipson. The best alui was Mr W Henan: Mess, of Aintree. The bride as tastefully dressed in a beautiful gown of white crepe Chine, veiled with point d'esprit, and trimmed with 4" Paint d'F. traders, ceueht up with orange blossoms. 'er late train of ivory white ducheese satin was finished at hem with laieee chnu of point d'esprit, with trail of °range blossom. Her white tulle embroidered !Pit covered a wreath of orange blossom, and Ina carried a bouquet et white roses and lilies of the l'allt`Y• She also wore a pearl necklace and an niterald and diamond ring, presents from the bride- , groom. The little bridesmaids wore very pretty cos- ' tenses of white St)io de chine over rose pink silk, and - trimmed Brussels lane applique and insertions, with , large chou of pale pink satin, and large white picture , hats trimmed with rose pink to match ; and they each tarried baskets and crooks of sweet peas trimmed with rink ere' white satin streamers: The brids'e mother Illgrs Williams) wore a smart gown of pale grey canvas nver grey silk, with medallions of grey and pink chiee and ecru lace, large black hat and plume, and tarried a bouqeet of red and white carnations. The ' btidegrooms's mother (Mrs Stone) wore an elegant gown M Cloth of a beaver bade over ivory silk, the cloth tiiiqued in A beautiful design over ivory petticoat, with ."Tay strappings of pale heliotrope silk, inserted body to nralatch,with large picture Gaineborougla hat and plumes. eearried a bouquet of purple and yellow iris. After tlll3 wedding ceremony the newly-married couple drove I° Mr Gillett's Prince's Park Assembly-rooms, where a atze gathering of the personal friends of the bride and bridegroom awaited their arrival, and `reeded to them a very hearty receptioa. Mr Gillett „13,rotided sumptuous refreshments, and a string band ' ,‘"coUrsed pleasant music during the afternoon. The Tresente, to the number of 150, were displayed in the 'allarribl.--romns, and formed a very pretty collection of oeatly, useful, and ornamental items. Among these may Itla„ enumerated a cheque from the bride's father, plc- furniture, and plate from the '3ridegroom's father, aau a varied collection of plate, cutlery, fancy articles. froth a large circle of friends. In the course of the liftc.lnnon the happy eouple left for Devon and Cornwall, . *here the honeymoon will be spent. Reynolds—Bullock. The marriage was solemnized at St. Mary Abbotts 41.0re11, Kensington, on Thursday last week, of Mr dliam Douglas Bullock, S.F., for Cheshire, of Altrinc- ' second non of Mr Edward Bullock, of Porchester- aasvea , ' °ciliate B ter and Miss Sylvia Reynolds, of Carnew co. , , Ireland, sixth daughter of the late Captain Of Raddon Court, Warrington. t The service Was fully choral and the chancel was e,!tefully decorated with tall Kentish palms, narcissi, white hydrangeas, marguerites, and acer foliage, iulle the altar vases were specially re-fided with white "Wers for the occasion. The ceremony was impressively et°nducted by the Rev Edward Bulleck, M.A., vicar rural dean of Great Grimsby, Lincolnshire (brother the bridegroom), !assisted by Rev H. Van Cooten. M.A Bt. Mary Abbott's Church. The bride was accom- ' ganied by her brother, Mr Sylvanite Reynolds, who Urine the singing of the hymn "The Veice that breath.e.d o'er Eden" conducted her to the chancel en- trance, and then gave her away. The bridegroom was tended by his brother, Mr Raymond Bullock, of Lon- as best man. There were four bridesmaids :—Miss roalia Ivan Reynolds, Miss Dorothy Pierpoint Reynolds ,!lsters of the bride), MiS9 Agnes Bullock, M of Bullock (sisters of the bride- atoom), who were nowned in white tucked crepe de chine, the bodice being ornamented with lace and hanging sleeves and collars of lace artistically arranged. They also wore burnt straw hats, trimmed asith la France roses in foliage, and turquoise bows and hanein7, ends of velt et. The bridegroom's presents to them were strings of pearl e and large nosegays of La 'ranee roses in foliage tied with turquoise satin ribbon. The bride was attired in a robe of crepe de chine , ornamented with lace and semi-court train of valuable 151,51 family lace. Her tulle veil covered a coronet real prang* blossoms in foliage. Her ornaments :ern a necklet of pearls and a massive „lamand brocch,and she carried a choice bridal bouquet 13-,.` white roses and exotics tied with white sale 'Oarnere, completing a much-admired bridal attire. , During the service Psalm lxvii., " God be merciful i'ata us and bless us," and hymns" 0 perfect Love, all tan thought transcending "and " The King of Love Z 7 Shepherd is " were sung by the full choir of St. a.r9 Abbotts Church. t,samong those present at the church, and afterwards at .5U5 Empress Rooms, Kensington Palace Hotel, where the ftetition was held, were —Mr Robert Pierpoint, M P jrls,_Warringten, Mrs Snowden (sister of the bride), Mr 3.lnri Reynelde, Mr and Mrs Arthur Reynolds4Vlrs Walter 5°,,,en Mr and M 11rs F W Toler, Mr and Mrs Frank Rey- i`u, (of Natal), Mr and Mrs Cecil Bullock, Mrs Browne, Oa Bullock, Mr J Bullock, and many relatives and "L'ods of both families. k'lrly in the alternnon, amid the hearty cengratula- t Oa of all present, Mr and Mrs W Douglas Bullock left h't tbe South of England preparatory to a contiaeotal tour. 'ha presents nnmbered over 250.

ttt, 10

Lees —Landon. Ti wedding t-ok place on Thursday last week, at ki,,7thanuel Church, Bold-street, by the Rev Edward T 04'71.,. assisted by the Rev Rowland Parker, of Aldershot, miss Ea Lees, youngest daughter of the late Mr gict"el 1.,,m5, to Mr Arthur Landon. The bride was hi;(34 away by hr uncle, Mr Thomas Lees, rf Elin- (crP• The bridesmaid.; were Miss Bsatrice Lees (Tle'ief). the Misses Ethel, Elsie, Nellie, and D3ris Taylor lec`a), and Miasl Annie Hignett. The best man was ntr Heron, Mr B Wadsworth kindly officiated at the During the afternoon the happy couple left for 141fairfechan where the honeymoon will be spent. lle following is a list of the presents. rs S Lees. cheque, grandfather's clock. etc. !Ira Landon, Wedgewood ware srs Beatrice Lees, silver salt cellars Zir and Mrs John Taylor. cheque, silver serviette rings The Misses and Mr Medley Taylor, satin eiderdown Miss Mrs Hubert Landon, brass book-rack 1 Landon, hot water jug Mr and Mrs Thomas Lees, gold-mounted umbrella Mr and Mrs J Haslop (Oldham). tapestry tablecover The Misses Hasler, (Oldham), jamspoon Mr and Mrs Will Hutchinson (Edinburgh), silver-mounted 'alt cellars Mr and Mrs W Parsons (Moore). walnut coal box Mr and Miss J Usher (Rhyl). d'oyleys Miss Usher. Irish Moulton collar Mr and Mrs J vs' Dunn. counterpane Mr Ben podmorp, Doulton plant pot, palm and tablecloth Mr J Heron, silver fish carvers .34re Alfrei Long. toilet set neyf T and Mrs Reed, silver sugar sifter ultra Reginald Silcock, silver cruet • W ehester,silver cake knife :,zr and Mrs Healey. oak tray rage and Miss Mason, rocking chair • and Mrs cv Dickens cheese dish ✓isa Bertha Bouchier. picture Mrs John Tort, cushion 155 Tot t. occasional chair and door mats Nellie and Mrs Hignett, serviettes lir and Mrs Dyke. glass water log and plant pot kn,t'cand Mrs Hugh Ferguson, silver-mounted biscuit barrel Eiiver horseshoe NI! and Mrs Norman Balmford, serviettes Ndas Alice Lonydin, occasional chair 's Jones (Llanfairfechan). tea cosy Norman, silver-mounted salt cellars ki a Seim mesketh. silver cake knife " Daisy Heakelh. embroidered tray cloth. tr-adhurst, walnut mantel hoard u"la Alice Jones silver pickle fork Atherton. stepladders ." Johnson. sideboard cloth 5.;,! Fraz.r, set of jags ,47arry," teapot Jessie Bo,th, knife basket • Mara Lloyd, teapot Lloyd. vase " May Wilkinson mirror isk4r_ernan and Office Staff (Fletcher. Russell and Co., Ltd. kr,,'"fue ca.e of cutlery and plate with o,rvers aolin Neil (Stockton Heath) gentleman's basket chair

NO MORE ACHES

tkcl Pains for those who try Holdroycl's Gravel PillB. A

v.,ll"itlve cure fort Gravel, Lumbago, Backache, Dropsy, "1".• Kidney Diseate,tco. Try a box. Money returned if llot satisfied. Is lld all Chemists. Pat free 12 stamps 1101droyd's Medical Hall, Cleckheator, Yorks. (4).

===== 0002601_19020725_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
I FANCY DRESS .PARADE AND

CARNIVAL. To be held at Warrington in August. --____

It has now been definitely decided to hold another fancy dress cycle parade and carnival at Warrington on Angus-. 23rd in aid of the funds of the Infirmary and Dis- trict Nursing Association. The matter was under con- sideration at a meeting held at the Patten Arms Hotel on 'Thursday evening, !last week and convened by the Secretary of the Warrington Cycling Club (Mr E Picka- vance,jun),Therewas an encouraging attendance,amongst those present in addition to members of the Cycling Club, being Councillor John Roberts and Mr Joseph Taylor (representing the Infirmary Workingmen's Committee). Mr " Pa " Davies was voted to the chair, and in the course of his remarks, said ho had no doubt that when occasion arose, the members of the Cycling Club would doltheir duty as they did in 1900. It was then unanimously decided to hold a parade and carnival in aid of the Infirmary and District Nursing Association.

The CHAIRMAN said they were entering upon an ardu- ous duty, but one to which they would all willingly put their hands. He hoped they would all do their utmost for the success of the parade,and if they did so there Was no reason why they should not double the amount realizA in 1900. They learnt some lessons in 1900 which would be useful to them this year. He desired it to be known that they welcomed the assistance of everyone—what- ever branch of athletics cr society they belonged to. With regard to cyclists, he thought they would by their action in this matter be doing something to show the reason of their existence. Time was, when cyclists and athletes in general wore looked upon with some show of contempt, but he thought they had justified their exist- ence on more occasions than one by the efforts they had made in the interests of charity. All they asked for in connection with the fortt,z,mling parade Was the assist- ance of the public—of those whom the Infirmary was intended to becefit particularly. Athletes themselves rarely required the institution because they were very rarely ill, and no one could say that they were " boom- ing " the parade for their own benefil% They were throwing themselves heart and soul into the work, and he hoped that as a result of the parade they would be able to hand over a very handsome sum to the Infirmary and Nursing Association. PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESIDENT.

Mr. PICKAYANCE informed the meeting that he wrote to the Mayor asking him to act as President of the parade, and to Mr. F. Monks, J.P , asking him to accept the office of Vice-president. The Town Clerk replied on behalf of the Mayor, intimating his Worship's willingness to become Pres'd.,nt. Mr. Monks wrote con- senting to act as Vice-president and expressing the hope that great success would reward the labours of those who were nromoting the parade. The meetineformally elected the Mayor President, and Mr P. Moults, Vice-president.

OTHER OFFICIALS. Mr D. DAViPS was elected chairman of the General Committee; Councillor John Roberts and Mr W H Bellian, vice-Chairmen ; and Mr E Pickavance, secretary. In returning thanks for his election, Mr PICEAVANCE said they could rest assurred that he would do his very best for the success of the parade and he was certain that he would be well backed-up by all the members of the Club. Already he had received more offers of help than he had received up to the night before the parade in 1900. Scores of ladies and gentlemen had offered their services, and he thought they would have a very good parade. Mr CHARLES LEIGH was then elected treasurer, and Mr F J Hogan, reporting hon secretary. The following secretaries were elected In attend to sections of the parade :—Harriers' section, Mr T Whit- ham ; footballers' s-ction, Mr T P Bradshaw ; section, Messrs H II Evans and J C Robinson,

CO3IMITTEr ,„

The following committees were elected with power to add to their number : FINANCH COMMITTEE :—Mesqrs Jolrnnh Taylor. IV Taylor, C Leigh, W Brown, C Wells, and C El Woods (sectretarv)• PRIZE COMMITTEE :—CMIDCiIIOr J %Vflkinson. MeSl Joseph Taylor, Isaac Wilkinson, J L Davenport, W El Bellian, and W Habloprley (seoretary). MARIYALS COMMITTEE :—MeSSI'e II Ashton (chief- marshal). C E Benoctt, W Litton, G F F White,J Critch ev. Kieby. and G II Smith (eee,etary).ll ENTERTAINMENTS C^MMITTEE:—Mesqrs. B Wadewortb, W Brown, D Fanahaw, A. Booth, C H Clare, E Picka- vanes, and J L Davenport (ereretarS). PRINTING AND ADVERTI3ING COMMITTEE :—Meer. J Newton, D Davies, A Booth, F Garnett, J Samoson,and J Pne.more.

COLLECTORS' COMMITTEE *—Messrs J Eritahley, C L ih, CE Bennett, Roden, J C R )oinson, H H Evans, A Booth, J Sarnpson,W H Bellian,W Litton,C Wells and G Hatnpson (secretary).

===== 0002601_19020725_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DATE OF THE PARADE

Aftez FOMB diacussion it was decided to hold the par- ade on Ao2ust 23r1, subject to Parr Hall being available on that date,' for a concert after the parade.

ThP SECRETARY mentioned that tho Warrington and District Union of Christian Endeavour Soeieties intended to have a street collection on behalf of the Nursing A.s.ociation on August 16th, The meeting instructed Mr Pickavance to write to the Secretary of the Unioa. :asking if the Union coulei arrange to co-operate with the promoters of the parade, instead of having a separate collection.

Tho Chairman.having been thanked for his services, the meeting terminated. We understand that it has ben ascertained that Parr flail will be available on August 23rd, and the parade is therefore definitely fixed for that date.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. Picnic to Bollington.

Beautifully fine weather favoured the annual picnic in connection with the Warrington Women's Liberal Association which took place on ThursdGy afternoon last week,Bollington in Cheshire was again chosen as the destination, and over fifty persons participated in the outing. Two large conveyances were supplied by Mr Hugh F Greenough for the accommodation of the party, and a start was made from the Liberal Club shortly after twelve o'clock. The party was mainly composed of ladies, the male sax being in a hopeless minority. Mr Councillor Tinuion, Mr Hill, Mr Turner, Mr Booth and two Press representatives made up the male element. The ladies present included Mrs Armitage (president), Mrs li Roberts (treasurer), Mrs C Jackson Holmes (secretary), Mrs R Garnett, Mrs Clay, Mrs Walker, Mrs Furness, and Mrs Tinnion. Mrs Armitage joined the party at Bollington, she having journeyed there in her private brougham. On leaving smoky Warrington behind, the party appreciated to the full, the pure air of the country. Bathed in the bright sunshine, the country licked at its best. The crops were well advanced and as they waited in the gentle breeze, every shade of green was disclosed. In many fields, the merry noise of the reaping machine was to be heard, and the air was filled with the fragrance of new mown hay. The route taken was via Grappenhall and High Legh. On reaching High Legh schools, the driver turned to the lett and shortened the journey to Bollington. it was intended to take a wider sweep of country by journeying via Rostherne, but the driver willed otherwise, and it was decided to visit Rostherne on the return journey. Bollington was reached about two o'clock and on leaving the conveyance, the party paid a visit to Dunham Park,the residence of the Earl of Stamford and Warrington. The stroll through the spacious d miesne, in which numerous young deer, pheasants and rabbits were to be seen, was greatly enjoyed. At 4.30, the party gathered at the Swan Hotel, where a capital knife and fork tea was provided. After tea, Mrs Armitage, the President of the Association,in the course of a few observations,said she was very glad to see so many present. She intimated that the annual tea party would be held at the beginning of Octmber at the commencement of the winter season and she would like to see as many there as they had ',hat afternoon. It was proposed to have some lectures and meetings during the winter and she would be glad if they would endeavour to rally round their gcod old cause. (Hear y arjobueranre.) The . commenced at 6.30. A short stay was made at Rostherne where the party had an opportunity of walking through the church- yard and feasting their eyes en the pretty scenery of the Mere. Warrington was safely reached at 9.30 all having spelV, an enjoyable afternoon.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Sbould tend two stampa for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the cal) Safe, Sure and Benuine Remedy, Never Fails. Thousands of Testimonials. Mr P. BLANCHARD, Dalston-laue, London

===== 0002601_19020725_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JULY 25, 190!:

===== 0002601_19020725_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHINERY' Over 450 Gold it Silver Medals nod First Prize Awards. Now "Ta 11.15 WASHING Ms.esisE, 1205. complete. " VOWEL " WASHING WRINGING, " DIAPHRAGM" CHT:RNS. AND MANC,ING Miculsrs. BC,Kit \Vooorei LAC,OI( T Reivisives. Dolor Areunsc4s. Liberal Cash Toms. Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO.. 140-14?, High 11.411.0rn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool: Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
COMM ERCIAL PRINTING WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH.

PECIAL ATTENTION is given ta'Urgent Orders, and much importance is attached to the faithful , fulfilment of promises ac to time. EXAMINER OFFICE: BiIVVBBT-STIEET,WAKRINGTCN.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
wonvm A GUINEA A 003 C.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
- 476tW. . '• 4 .• ,4- „ --vtv 4.6 • t° I-. -1' VI • ';`,;.;;;=- , "AS- • • ••• • , r r`. ° $ ?Salk •

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, ThomAs BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 13d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full ditections. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
We are supplying a Magnificent SOLID SILVER WATCH, Ladies or Gentleman'i

at 29/11

Send 21- and a promise to pay 21- per week, & we will forward it on at once.

A Splendid SALLITA TIMEPIECE GIVEN FREE if you pay cash.

Send to-day for par- ticulars. We have a lot of other novelties.

UTILITY IMPORT Co.. 54 Gt. Tower St., 1.011001, 1.1.

4 (At ti, ii 0 1 - n

===== 0002601_19020725_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SUIT

for 51- down, and 7 month- ly payments' of 5f- each, making a total of 40/- for a suit your local tailor would charge you 60/- for. You can have our well- known . . CORONATI ON SERGE

In Navy Sloe, Dirk Grey, 74id Cr, or Black

Send a Postcard to-, lay for Patterns and Self-meJ.,urement

forms to

C. E. WRIGHT & CO.,

Merchant Toilers & Chiers, 649 & 651 AttorcClfs naad, and

42 Atterellift Common, SHEFFIELD.

Carriage paid on all orders. We send money back in full if not

sat ir.fa ctory.

MANLY MENI

I Why suffer' from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send fa my book, which shows how every MRIII, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and Iv at- znteed g enui " I cannot find words to express n-w ,n4u..in am. used to think I never would get curet. I wish I bad seen your advertisement at first, I shoLld have saved many pounds.-4,P M." "I nave carrOd out your instructions, and am now pee fectly _

_ Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, bendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succee.a

DR. DE ROOS.

CO MPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over theNworld as the most safe and speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel. Lumbago. Gout, Rneumatiaru Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Discharges. ano Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words. 'WALTER DE ROOS, LONDON." thereon by order of her Majesty's lion. Commissioners. Price is. ltd. an Es. 9d. stall Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor 1-Wrlrd HOMO, Holford-souare. Lon.ion.

A CLOCK! 's FOR THE 44,0'0

*AP

1-

===== 0002601_19020725_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LE. MARSTON,

J OHN ALKER AND Co.

COMMERCIAL AND

GENERAL PRINTERS, OF LARGE POSTERS. PRINTER ; OF OFFICE STATIONERY,

INCLUDING : CASH BOOKS, DAY BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, STATEMENTS, &c., &c.

LEDGERS, - JOURNALS, ORDER BOOKS, INV ICES.

EXAMINER OFFICE, BE vi'SEY STREET. WARRINGTO N ELEPHONE NO. 355 Y. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A dPEOTALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERe, LARGE TYPE. MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR pdA AndoTa POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MATkIMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTBUS. Produoed in the County. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTE SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EA. I G' 'POW'

t

TINS 3d.6a.15-6ELLOWS 9d

DER: KI LLS .. • .•. ‘,t . . :rfLEAS:BUtS:MOTHS.BEETLES.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
JUN

LES

me VERY BEST. FOR

- LADIES a GENTLEMEN. Carriage Paid lo a ii' part. " • ASH on 12 MovrErLy PAYMEN TS. , .:.7 155. 14/21 IS Bs. isi. £9los. r 7,1 a £9 155. rtn 9 Lti OS. 20 .. ) X ,Ll 2 05. 218! , LIST, over 700 pope. and ov j Cycles and late,4 C-clinot Accessories, at Jo.. CT pried 4 any other house. is 01 t paid free. METROPOLITAN MA‘.IINISTS' td. (Dent.C.l 75, Lishopsgate Street Without, Co.,London. 1a,.C.. Ann Procannyv Ornema. Lorin's.. W.

THE NEW FRUNLII,REMEDY. TIIERA.PION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as era ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Eicord Rostan,Jobert. Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hithertoemployed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotthes, pains and await Inge of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary diseases stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains In the back, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical exhaus- tio.., etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to 5.0 e-As

_ B. JOHNSON, 43 EIOLFORD-SQUARE. LONDOI, W.O

:mu WANT 01, TaltabAl% MAKES STANCHED LINIiN LIkNE THE GREAT6r L BOON ever o t .ered to the Laundress fqr imparting an Ivory Qnish to Starched Linen. Laces, etc. St does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once tried always xanted. Used In the Royal Laundries. _ .

Should be used tu house- Sold t'y tnnat by Starch Sellers in Packets, at and ,6d. Prepared Only T. CSITONLEY. Blael,burn.

YOUR ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiier. races it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to tte Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you etter 11/10W11 among Om, at a very small cost. JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWL4EY-STREET, WA RMINGTON.

lb ti 0 CYCLA - FP.II 1412 s• WHEELS. •CASII 11,14‘ )(kg \rotv POST \Ali* ',Write at once for Nate SzAnoN'S over 600 illastra'ons 010 JUNO - at lower them e.” .CHT

tiV19.114 LEY'S .0 IA :4*** (s' ,A-Kci4::..q1.0.4.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CLERGY INSTITUTIONS.

Anniversary at Warrington.

The anniversary of the Clergy Widows" and Orphans' Society and the Clergy Daughters' School, two charitable institutions common to the dioceses of Chester, Manchester, and Liverpool, was observed at Warrington otr Wednesday. Mr H H Hornby, of Liverpool, the president for the year, presided at 'a meeting of subscribers held in the Training College. Amongst others present were the Bishop of Liverpool (Or Chavasse), the Dean of Manchester (Dr Maclure), Archdeacon Fletcher, Canon Gore,the Rev Canon Penrhyn (Icon secretary of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Pensions Fund), the Rev Canon Willis (hon secretary of the Clergy Daughters' School,. the Revs S A K Sylvester,James Carson, E C E Carleton, and H Harry; Dr Watkins, and Messrs W P Fullaghar, Joynson, and Grof ton. The Bishop of Chester wrote, explaining that a long-stanCing engagement to be away from Chester at a remote distance during the latter half of July prevented him from attending. THE REPORTS.

Rev Canon PENRHYN,hOII secretary of the Clergy Widows and Orphans Relief fund submitted his annual report, in which he pointed out that there was a pleasing variation this year as they had not to tell of any vacancy by death in their number. The only alteration in the li.ts was the substitution of the Bishop of Burnley for that of Canon Hoskyns to whom they would express their best wishes on his promotion to the episcopal office. No other names having been submitted to the secretarias,the following names were submitted for confirmation : Chester, Rev Canon H Blackburne, Rev Canon Turner, Lord Egerton of Tatton and Mr T 1.1 Lyon; Manchester, Rev Canon Stowell, Rev J A Rushton and Messrs W S Kinde and J Scantling; Liverpool, Rev Canon Spooner, Rev R G Matthews:: Mr It D'A Willis and Captain Withington. Of those to whom grants were made last year two widows and one orphan from the Manchester diocese had since died and one widow from Chester had withdrawn her application. On the other hand there were two new widows' applications from Manchester, and one each from Chester and Liverpool, with one orphan from Chester. The meeting was asked to sanction pensions and donations to the amount of £1,770, and if the recommendations of the committee were approved there would be on the list of grantees from Chester, 17 widows and 16 orphans; from Manchester,3l widows and 17 orphans; from Liver- pool, 15 widows and 10 orphans. The income for the year ended December 1901 was £2OlO 163 10d. This income was by no means satisfactory ;as al- though the total was slightly in excess of last year (..E2003 123 4cl), both subscriptions and collections were lower and the adverse balance of £304 16s Bd, bad risen to £448 4s while there was no appearance of diminution in the number of applicants for grants,or in the urgency of their need. Under these circumstances, the committee felt that they were fully justified in appealing to the three dioceses to increase the support they had hitherto given to this most excellent institution. Tli& CLERGY DAUGHTERS' SCHOOL

The Rev. CANON WILLIS (bon. sec., of the Clergy Daughters' School) reported that the committee of management, bad the satisfaction of feeling that the results of the examinations received since the last anniversary could hardly be better. In tne Cambridge Higher Local of 9 pupils who took various groups, G were completel3, successful in what they attempted, and 2 partially so, Of all the candidates in England who took religious know- ledge 7 only were placed in the first class, and 2 of these 7 whose names deserve mention—Annie P Jones and Ellen Morgan—were pupils of St Elphins. Three only obtained the mark of distinction, and of these 3, Annie Jones was one. Some of the results of the scripture in the Oxford local examina- tion were also especially satisfactory. In the pre- liminary examination the only two girls who were eligible for distinction in this subject both won viz., Grace Blakelock and Gwendoline Birch Jones. Grace Blakelock was the:first candidate in England in this subject and Gwendoline Birch Jones equal sixth. 1 hree girls out of four passed the senior Latin examination, five out of six passed the senior French, one with distinction and the only girl who took the senior German passed. The whole of the school who took the Oxford local examination were successful in arith- metic and three out of the five in mathematics. With regard to the graft, the headmistress reported that in the place of Miss Ridley whose departure will be much regretted by all, she had appointed a mathe- matical mistress, Mies WriAbt. who won a mathe- matical scholarship to Girton, and who had this year taken a second class in the mathematical tripes at Cambridge: She had also, in accordance with the sanction of the committee, appointed a science mistress, Miss Tymis who is a Newnham student, and has just taken a first class in the natural science tripos. The health of the girls throughout the year had been very good except in the case of two girls who suffered from a very severe attack of influenza during the summer term. Both were seriously ill for some time and had to be ,1 removed to their own homes. The conduct gener- ally had been most satisfactory. The sleeping ac- commodation would be considerably increased during the summer vacation, another dormitory over the large schoolroom hitherto occupied by the Training College, having been resumed. This would make adequate provision for the large number of pupils, 73 in all, who would be in attendance next term. In concluding their report the committee desired to express again their most grateful thanks to bliss Kennedy for the able management of the - school, and their extreme satisfaction at its sound financial position. At the end of December, 1900 there was a balance in hand after several years of debt, of £l5O. At the close of 1901 this balance bad increased to .£475 and at the present time it is over £6OO. Miss KENNEDY presented a lengthy and satisfactory report of the lower school for the year ending Mid- summer 1902, and the Rev F G Brabant, M.A. (C.C.C. Oxford) • report on toe work of St Elphin's girls' school.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PENSION FUND DEFICIT.

The PRESIDENT, in moving the adoption Of the report ' remarked that the first one was not satisfactory. IV was sad to think that the pension fund was so low. He could not imagine anything that appealed to the feelings of generous persons more than the relief of widows and orphans of the ciergy. It wa6 sad to think also that when a husband died his family had often to leave what had been their bome,to which they tad been very much attached for a long time, and a still greater anxiety was the want of means. Surely the laymen of the three dioceses would not allow thr.t state of things to remain longer, and a special appeal of the committee should 'receive admirable supoorr. The second report was very satisfactory, and Canon Penrhyn must have felt jealous when he heal(' Canon Willis say that he had £6OO in band. (Laughter.) Both the institutions deserved the support of the laymen of the three dioceses. (Applause.) The Rev Canon GoRE seconded, and said formerly it was a rule that they should not exceed the amount at their disposal, but now it seemed the demands upon them were so many that :he committee had felt them- selves justified in going somewhat into debt. Nothing could be said too much in praise of the work of the Clergy Daughters' School. The very facts that they had one girl who was first in all England and another sixth were in themselves sufficient testimony to the valuable work of the school. (Appliuse.) He thought the time had arrived when a better school should be provided for the daughters of the clergy, and tbat it should be in a better locality, and be a far more modern structure with better accommodation. A few years ago they were £BOO in debt.now they had £6OO in hand, and if they went on like that they would soon have money enough to build a handsome new school. He echoed what had been said about Miss Kennedy,who was a most efficient headmistress. Mr W P FIILLAGFIAR made an earnest appeal for sup- port on behalf of the pension fund. The stories that were told to them year atter year were most lamentable and pitiable ; acme of the incomes could hardly be called incomes, and yet the ages of some of the ladies ranged from 70 to ao. He hoped the Queen .Victoria fund and ether funds would be the means of raising the incomes of the clergy to a proper and satisfactory amount. They should at least be sufficient to live upon and not a starvation amount. (Hear, hear.) The Rev J CARSON said that year after year they had a lamentation in the report. It was the old story, but what -was going to be done to bring theappeal before thepublic? In his own neighbourhood nothing was being done and there was no increase of the subscriptions and no can- vassing. The matter ought to be brought before the three dioceses, although ho thought the case of Manchester was hopeless. (Laughter.) The diocese should be well canvassed. The DEAN Of MANCTIESTER said no one more deeply deplored than he did the great want of interest which was displayfd in the institutions, but with regard to Manchester a movement was being made to raise sub- scriptisms. Ho was afraid that the fact that the institu- tions were called the Warrington institutions in sermons and addresses had something to answer for their present financial position. The institutions belonged to three dioceses and not to Warrington alone. For some reason the claims of the institutions were not pushed as they -ought CO be, and be very much regretted that that was

so. Be would use We inliuence to bring the matter under the notice of the Diocese of Manchester. The Rev Canon WILLIS said the meeting must not count too much on the £6OO as a cmsiderahle Sum was needed for repairs. The reports were adoptel.

_ The BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL in pronosin4 a vote of thanks to the President, spcke of Mr Elornby 's good work in Liverpool, and said he th,ught if the needs of toe institutions were brought under the notice of the leading laymen of the three dioceses and it was stated that from £4.00 to £5OO were needed they would be gat in a montn. Could not each diocese make itself respon- sib!e for £l5O. Be would gladly undertake to provide that amount on his own responsibility for the Diocese of (Hfar, hear, and applause).

, . Ths DEAN OF MANCHEiTER seconded the motion, and expressed the opinloa that Manchester ought Co raise at least £3OO.

The motion was heartily agreed to, and the President's reply brought the business meeting to a conclusion.

SERVICE IN FEE PARISH CHURCH. THE BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL AND CLERICAL INCOMES.

A short service was subsequently held in the Parish I Church, when the sermon was preached by the B:shop of Liverpiol. His Lordship said that if the Church allowed her clergy to marry, she must IP prepared to support a married clergy. She must give them a living wage sufficient to maintain not only themselves but their families- She must provide for the widows and orphans whom they left behind. A certain number of their clergy posseseed private means and were able to make provision for the future, hut that number was at present tending to decrasse. Clerical incomes were largely diminishing. During the two years he had worked in the diocese of Liverpool, he had been greatly impressed by the constant discovery of clergy who had very limited means of their own, who bad spent and were still spending not merely their private income,but much of their patronage upon churches, parishes, and schools; and these devoted men were not only not receiving an adequate stipend, but had actually impoverished themselves and children. They did not parade their generositv,they seldom spoke of it, they never complained. They accepted it as part of their duty. They regarded themselves as shepherds in charge of the flock of God,and they would not allow the interests ef G ed's flock to suffer,The Church of Eng- land must face to-day thi.3 serious problem of clerical poverty. It could be lersened by endowments on their poorest livings, but the process wets very costly and very stow. It could be alleviated in a small degree by the growth of the ancient and practical custom of Easter offerings, by funds such as the Clerical Susteotation Fund, and by encouraging the clergy to avail them- selves of every method of helping themselves that lay within their reach. It might be diminished in some , measure by bringing public opinion to hoar upon the question of early and improvident marriages among the clergy. But though such measures as these might in some degree mitigate the financial straits of the clergy, there must still remain a large amount of distress, and therefore the Widows' and Orphans' Society for which he pleaded that morning, was of incalculable value. It was to the laity as well as to the richer clergy, that they muat look for its support. An appeal for the widows and orphans of the men of Gad who were con- tent to forego the riches of this world and to do the work of God's ministers on a mere pittance, and who faithfully and gladly gave of their best in the service of their fellows, could not surely be made in vain. THE LUNCHEON.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY THE MAYOR.

Luncheon was provided in the Clergy Daughters' School. _ _ _ _ _ .

The PRESIDENT (Mr. H. H. Elornby) proposed the toast of " Church and King." After alluding to the illness and recovery of the King, Mr Hornby said the Church also in past years had suffered keenly, but like the King, fortunately it had a strong constitution—(lauchter)— and had recovered in an Equally good manner as the King had &me. The toast of " Queen Alexandra, the Prince and Princess of Wales and the members of the Royal Family was afterwards drunk. Mr JOYNSON proposed " The Bishops and Clergy of the three dioceses."

The BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, in reply to the toast,said he was certain that there were no clergy who were doing their work more earnestly and with greater self-sacrifice than the clergy of Lancashire and Cheshire. He went into the slums of Liverpool, and he found men living there, never parading their work, never boasting what they were doing, and living lives of true heroes, if heroism meant going out of self. Those men were doing I the noblest work, and were helping to elevate the minds' of the people, who would ether wise be discontented and I unruly, and have no education in tho great principles of Christianity. Be did not mean to say that the Church I was perfect, but she was manfully trying to cast eft the I slumber and neglect of past ages, and becoming what I she ought to be—not merely the Church of England, hut I the Church of tbe English people. (Applause). This could not be done until the laity worked with them. If the clergy and laity would work together for the pros- verity of the Church then nothing could stand against them. (Applause). The toast of "success and prosperity to the Warring- ton lostitutions " was proposed by Mr. FULLACILIER, and responded CO by the DEAN of MANCHESTER. • The Rev CANON GORE prcposed "The Town and Trade of Warrinetrn and said for more than 200 years the town had sh-iterf d the Warrirgt a inst;tutions If atlanY suture time the Clergy Daughters' echool was removed the Training College would be extended and would occupy the premises. The MAYOR of Warrington (Mr J. C. Parr) in respond- ing to the toast said be believed he might refer with some amount of satisfaction to what he believed was the very flourishing condition of Warrington to-day and he did this with all the greater freedom because be was only a young recruit to the municipal body and the embellishments and scientific improvements which had been made in Warringten were due to his predecessors in office and be could not take any credit for them. He considered that what had been done of late had transformed Warrington from a backward and some- what dark condition to that of a town of light and lead- ing of the present day. When they looked around at their widened streets and improved buildings (both public and private) ; at their tramways which were about to go north, south, east, and west; at their electric light ancl electric motive power—now such a great motive dower for manufacturing purposes ; when they considered the completion of the scheme for providing what he hoped would be a never-failing supply of tbe best and purest water both for drinking and sanitary purposf 8, t e thought they might fairly assume that the town and trade of Warrington were in a very fair con- dition• (Hear, hear.) There was one other featnre which he would like to refer to and that was that War- rington would bear a very fair comparison with other towns of its size from a sanitary standpoiot. The death rate was the means of ascertaining this particular point, and although Warrington might not be amongst the cleanest or the prettiest or sweetest of towns—though its atmosphere might be smoke polluted and sometimes impregnated by the emanations from the river and the Manchester Ship Canal whose waters did not compare with eau-de- Cologne—(laughter)—still notwithstanding these draw- backs Warrington might be considered a fairly healthy town as manufacturing towns went. (Hear, bear.) 1 hose who had children in the Clergy Daughters' School need have no apprehension on the eubject of health in leaving them to reside within the precincts of Warring- ton. (Hear, hear.) Be thanked them for the kind manner they had received the toast. (Applause.) The Rev Canon BLACICBURNE proposed the toast of " the President," and Mr Hornby having replied, the meeting adjourned for half an hour until the room was prepared !Sr the children's concert and prize distribution.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDNES AND RUNCORN TRANSPOR TER. An Ofticial Contradiction of Rumours.

Readers will be aware that during the past fortnight there have been p(rsistent rumours that the foundations of the stone approaches on the Runcorn side of the Transporter Bridge had given way which would tracer- sarily involve the entire reconstruction of the structure. Risncorn had it that in consequence the work would be delayed at least six months and that the tons of con- crete already employed in the foundation work would have to be relayed. In consequence of these rumours, and in view of the financial interest which Runcorn and Widnes have in the Bridge scheme, our representative called upon the chief engineer to ascertain the truth of such reports. It was at once admitted by the official that there was a slight fissure in the stone struc- ture, apparent from the foreshore, caused by the settling of the foundations. There was, heweyer, absolutely no cause for alarm. The crack appeared some few weeks ago and had hitherto not become more pronounced than when it first appeared. The work, he was convinced, would not possibly be delayed lay the occurrence a single day. And there was no ground whatever for any alarmist reports. Ml that the wall required to put it to " rights " was a little additional pointing. It is PAtiP- factory to be assured on such positive grounds that the bridge is in no way in peril, and thus put an end to the Idle tales which had been so assiduously circulated.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM•

BUBOT,ARS SENT TO GAOL —At Cheater assizes on Monday, William Booth, Arthur Fletcher, and William Davis, labourers, pleaded guilty to burglariously enter- ing the dwelling house of Arthur Youd, and stealing an overcoat, a basket, 100 eggs, a jar containing rice, a pair of boots,and 4 pair of leggings at Frodsham between the 26th and 27th June.—Mr Wood appeared for the prosecution.—Booth was sentenced to 12 months' hard labour. Fletzber to nine months' hard labour, and Davies to six months' bard labc,ur.—There were previous convictions against each of the prisoners.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDA Y JULY 25, 1902

THE CORPORATION TRAMWAYS.

Report of the Town Clerk on the warrington Light Railway Order.

The following report has beer. prepared b 7 the Town Clerk on the Warrington Light Railway Order : "The Light Railway Commissioners have made ac Order authorising the construction of the light railways applied for by the Corporation in November last. The Order will shortly be submitted to the Board of Trade by whom it must be confirmed. The board before con- firming the Order will give public notice fixing the date by which objections to the order can be made. Objec- tions have already been made to the Light Railway Com- missioners against several < Iliuses in the Order. The main objections to the Order arise under the following lacads::— (1). Additional widening of roads, (2). The lighting of all posts wherever pl aced. (3). The fixing of id fare from Rylands-street to Victoria-sculare, Stockton Reath. (4). Keeping of separate accounts. (5). Financial provision.. , The estimate of the cost of constructing railway No. 1 I (put in at the inquiry) WRS £7,055. The street widen- ing.' include the purchased of the gardens and fore courts opposite St Thomas's Church and a strip of the field running on to the Mulberry Tree, also the six cottages adjoining the Mulberry Free and the fou houses opposite the Mulberry Tree. The estimated cos of acquiring this property is £2,125. With regard to road wieenings the following clause has been insert 5. (1). Concurrently with too constructi on of railway (No, 1) the Corporation shall widen the road upon which the same is to b 3 laid whenever it is shown by the limits of deviatiou on the Wang that land is to be acquired for that purpose to such extent that the metalled portion of the road shall not be less than thirts - five feed wide with a footpath not less than five feet wide on each side thereof. Provided that in places where the width available up to the said limits of devia- tion is insufficient for such widening, the Corporation ill make the metalled portion of the road n A less than I iiry-two feet wide, and shall also provide o, each side thereof a f lotpath of a width of six feet, or such a width up to six feet as may be got by acquiring lands or buildings or easements over them beyond such limits, but without incurring any unreasonable expense in 90 doing.' The first part of the Clause requires a road, including two footpaths of five feet each, of 45 feet in width. The proviso requires a roadway (with a footpath on each side of six feet) of 44 feet. Where the road there- fore can be widened it is to be made 45 feet in widet, and if the Corporation have to acquire property outside the limits of deviation then it is to be made 44 feet. The Clause provides that the Corporatioa shall not be put to unreasonable expense in such wideniogs but I must point out that the property outside the limits of deviation has not been scheduled and the Corporation have no compulsory powers of purchase and under the circumstances it is not probable that the Corporation cantacquire the property without incurring unreason- able expense. There are seven houses and shops which would have to be purchased to give the 44 feet and the Borough Surveyor has made an estimate of the cost of acquiring this property. It may be pointed out that the Light Railway Commissioners were prepared to grant the Warrington and Northwich Railway Company ats order to construct a single line of railway without any widen- ing of the road opposite Si Thomas's Church. The definition of 'road ' in the Order would include the swing bridges and unless the clause is amended it as ould throw upon the Corporation the obligation to widen the bridges. Clause 15.—Two years were allowed by the Order for the compulsory purchase of lands, but on application the commissioners have extended the period to three years. Clause 26.—1 f the road authority at any time decide to pave any road in front ot any public building, school or place of public worship with wood the Corporation are required by this clause to re-pave with wood the portion repairable by them in front of any such log, and for 50 feet beyond each end. At the inquiry the Corporation agreed with the read authority tore- pave with wood in front of any ' .rising,' buildings above referred to. Ido not understand why Use com- missioners should alter an agreed clauee. Clause 32 would impose upon the Corporation the obligation of providing and maintaining a " sufficient light "upon all posts erected upon any road or any foot- path from one hour after sunset tone hour before sun- rise. The Clause provides that tae lights shall not be required for the 'purpose of illuminaticn.' A small red light may therefore be sufficient. The Corporation agreed to light any post erected on the carriage way. The Runcorn Rural District Council now pay the Cor- poration fer the lighting of the roads. Clause 33 is inserted for the protection of the owners of bridges and as special clauses have been inserted for the protection of the Manchester Ship Canal Company with regard to the awing bridges the Commissioners have been asked to amend the clause sa that it will not apply to the swing budges. Clause 36 is inserted for the protection of the Man- chester Ship Canal Co., and imposes upon the Corpora- tion the obligation of improving the adjustment and alignment of the swing bridges, 'so far as may be essential for the safe working of the railway, and be- yond which is necessary for the existing road traffic.' In addition to this outlay there would be the annual expenses entailed to provide for signalling electric cur- rent therefor, the maintenance of the wood block pave- ment, scavenging, Stc. Clause 53 gives the Warrington and Northwich Light Railway Company the tiaht ' by agreement with the Corporation 'to use the • Railways' belonging to the Corporation. The terms of the agreement are to be subject to the approval of the Board of Trade. The Clause also gives that Company the right to use the ' Railway 'upon terms to be approved by the Board or determined by arbitration. The Order defines ' Rail- way ' to mean the light railways authorised by the order. The tiritno 'railways ' is not defined but it is clearly intended to include the tramways within the Borough. _ .

Clause 63 authorises a charge of id per mile, but it also provides that the Corporation shall not charge more than id • for each nassenger travelling only between Rylande-streec and Victoria-square.' This proviso is contrary to the decision of the OommissionArs expressed at the inquiry. In my opinion the Commissioners have no power to fix or alter the rates and charges allowed by the Tramways Order and therefore clause 63 so far as it affects the tramways from Rylands-street to Stafford-road is ultra viree.

Clause 67 fixes cheap fares for the labouring classes and allows fd per mile or fraction of that distance. No fare is fixed for the dotance between Rylandg-street and Victoria-square, -which is 11 furlongs, and the fare would therefore be id.

_ Clause 73 gives the County Council power to purchase the un&rtaking after the expiration of 30 years. The Corporation and the County Council agreed to a period of 35 years. Clauses 7d to 85.—The Commissioners have been asked to substitute the financial provisions of the Cor- poration Act of 1899 and the Local Government Board have reported in favour of that course. Clause 86 rrquires that senarate accounts shall be kept. This is almost impracticable and the Commis- sioners have been asked to make the Light Railways part of the Tramways undertaking. Under the agreement with the Warrington and North- wich Light Railway Co.,tbe Corporation undertook that if they required the Company to abandon railway No. 1 that they themselves should apply for powers to con- struct that railway and on failure of the Corporation to obtain such powers and to Commence the construc- tion, that the rower to construct such Railway should revert to the Company. The Light Railway Commis- sioners have issued an Order to that Ceimoany authoris- ing the construction of a railway from Victoria Square, Stockton Reath, to Northwich. _ .

. - It will be remeintered that the Corporation required the company to abandon Railway No. 1 because of the terms sought to be imposed by the Manchester Ship Canal Company with regard to the use of the swing bridges and in view of the onerous conditions imposed by the Warrington Ord.r it might be considered advis- able to allow the Warrington and Northwich Light Rail- way Company to resume the power to construct Rail- way No. 1 having regard to the fact that the terms with the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the awing bridges have now been settled.

It may be safely estimated that when the Wilderspool tramway is opened for traffic 90 per cent. of the persons now using the 'buses between Stockton Heath and War- rington will use the cars mod willingly pay Li fare for the journey. If the Corporation continue the tramway to Vietoria—square it will mean an expenditure of nearly £ll,OOO without any material increase in the revenue. That amount spent in new tramways in the borough would provide for nearly two miles of single track com- plete. The money would be spent for the benefit of our own ratenayers, and would be a source of considerable revenue,"

PARK MACHINE BAKERY,

SANKEY STREET.

ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURE AND WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early, can choose their :own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE CASH BAKERY CO., LTD.

BRINCHE9 : BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. " Speech Day."

"Speech Day," an occasion which is eagerly looked forward to by the students, was observed at the Warrington Grammar School on Thursday. The usual gathering took place in the large school- room in the afternoon, when the Lord Bishop of Liverpool distributed the prizes gained during the year. There was a large attendance of well-known townspeople and parents and friends of the students, and the proceedings passed off most suc- cessfully. The Bishop was accompanied on the. !platform by the Headmaster (Rev B J Willcocks) The house party included the following ladies and gentlemen :—The Mayor and Mayoress (Mc and Mrs J Charlton Parr), Mr C White, Rev R Greenall, Rev C B and Mrs Carleton, Rev Canon Willis, Mr Vera B Davies, Miss Massy, Miss Smith, Dr and Mrs Gornall, Major and Miss Ford, Mrs Wil!c )cks, Miss D A Willcocks, the assistant masters (Mr G Car- ruthers, Rev II S Mown, Mr J Young and Mr F C Hartzog), and the music master (Mr W S Woods.) Invitations had been sent to the following ladies and gentlemen most of whom were present :—Mr and the Misses White, Councillor W J Forshaw and Mrs Forshaw,Mr and Mrs J A Gibson, Mr W S Woods, Mr and Mrs F H Wilson, Mrs and. Miss Carlisle, Mrs Sumner, Mr and Mrs Herbert Woods, Mr and Mrs E Burrows, Mr and Mrs R Kennon, Mr and Mrs Craik, Mr and Mrs W Skelton, Mr and Mrs C R Adamson, Mr and Mrs J Fl Kisby, Mr and Mrs Finch, fir, Mrs and Miss Haddock, Mr, Mrs and Miss Thompson, Mr and Mrs J Gibson, Mrs and Miss Melbourne, Miss Hart, fir and Mrs J Webster, Mr and Mrs C S Burgess, Mr J Gandy, Dr , and Mrs Curtis. Mrs and Miss Young, Miss Calvert, Mr and Mrs J Lee, Mr, Mrs and Miss Dewhurst, Mr and Mrs Stanley Wilson, Rev H R Wild, Mr and Mrs W Monks. Mr and Mrs E Houghton, Mr, Mrs and Miss W Tinsley, MN Birch Browns, Nit. and Miss Dobson,Mrs and the Misses Broadbent, Mr and Miss Roberts, Mr and Mrs J Brodie and the Misses Brodie, Captain, Mrs and Miss Waring, Mr and Mrs L Henshall, Mr and Mrs C Madeley, Mr and Mrs H J Westbrook, Mr and Mrs J T Smith, fir and Mrs J Lyon Whittle, Mr, Mrs and! Miss Rawson, Mr and Mrs J Nield, Miss Mrs, Mr and Mrs R Fairclough and the MissesYdirclough,Mr and Mrs James, Mr and Mrs James Hudson, Miss Alice Burgess, Mr and Mrs J Reynolds, Mr and Mrs Fer- guson, Mrs Ayer, Mr and Mrs J Rigby, Mr and Mrs W Payton, Mr and Mrs J T Locker, Mr and Mrs Ruddock, Mrs 'Aachen, Mrs and Miss Greene, Miss Dyke, Mrs Pickles, Mr and Mrs D Wilcox, Dr and Mrs Adams, Mr and Mrs W Gandy, Mr and Mrs J Sankey, Mr and Mrs A Hallwood,fir and Mrs James Richardson and Miss Rickardson, Mrs Carruthers, Mrs and Miss Coxon, Mr and Mrs W J Garlick, Mr and Mrs W E Collins, the Misses Rimmer, Rev and Mrs Vale-Owen, Miss E A Lowe, Mr and Mrs w c Jones. Mr and Mrs E Wallington, fir and Mrs Corney sod diss Corney, Mr and firs Gandy,fir and Mrs D Jones, Captain and Mrs J E Jacob, Mrs and fliss'Reynolds,fir James, fir and Miss Fairclough,Mr and Miss H H Horobin, Mrs Hertzlg, Miss Kate Beesley, Mr and Mrs J Hesketh. firs and Miss Porritt, the Misses Williams, fir and Mrs Stansfield, the Misses Pigot, Mr and Mrs J Bamforth, Mrs 1.4 Bamforth, Mrs C la Woods, Miss Dutton, Mr and Mrs D Wright. The proceedings commenced with the singing of the Latin hymn "0 gentes omnes."

===== 0002601_19020725_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEADMASTER'S REPORT. HIGIIER EDUCATION.

The fireLDMAsTER, in presenting his annual report ettild : " My Lord Bishop, Ladies and Gentlemen,—The welcome we Rive you this afternoon is of special int?rest to myself, as it means that I have reached my majority as a Head Master. For 32 years I have been connected with this school, and for the last 21 years I have been privileged to be the director and organizer ot the Secon- dary school of this town. It follows as a matter of course that I have seen many changes in the past—not merely in coarection with the education in Warrington, but generally throughout the country. Perhaps nothing is more apparent than the vsst increase of interest in educational matters displayed by the general public. Years ago and perhaps even now it was the primary education of the country which aroused the deepest concern—but certainly in the last few years there has been • growing importance attached to sufficient and satisfactory provision of higher education, until at last the Government itself has realized the strength of the demand, and has brought in Bill dealing with higher education of every form. The future, therefore, is likely to see even greater changes than the past— and it is of the utmost importance that any change in the way of development or extension should at the out- set be directed on the lines of the highest efficiency. It would be a vast mistaece on the part of any authority not to meet the needs which exist in the community over which it has control—but efficiency whilst meeting the need fully will not make us blind to the value of money. What every community wants is the maximum of return for the minimum of outlay. To those who have watched, as [have done, the educational en- thusiasm in other towns, it is well known that schools have been built at great expense without there being first a full and accurate knowledge of the need to be satiefied. Many of our Technical schools, for example, in our towns under 100,000 population, although Of the greatest value for evening work, are hardly used at all curing the day time, nor is there material in these towns in the way of students to make such use of them. I do not think that the public are sufficiently well aware that in Germany and Switzerland—our foremost educa- tional rivals—there are very few Technical sehools indeed which admit students under the age of 16. I am saying this not in any way to damn enthusiasm in the pre- vision of better education—but a word of caution does seem necessary when the tales of German and American supremacy throw us almost into a panic. You will not take it amiss if I venture to offer a few remarks on the position of our own town, and I speak as an educa- tionist of considerable experience and as one who desires the truest welfare of the place where I have spent almost all the working years of my life.—Roughly ' speaking the Education Bill creates one authority for the whole of the education of a district with a view to first, the ample provision of schools and second, the cthol-otredvinersytineghildanshdalciohrraevleatiangsaotifsfsacchtooorlys. prTimhiasrmy eedanus. cation and that opportunity shall be afforded for thoie who need it of higher education. There are many parents who wish to give their children a year or two's further education than dab elementary schools provide—and to whom the education in a seceand- ary school would be impossible and useless ; for many of these children will be apprenticed to a trade. \ What seems desirable in their case is a school which will continue the work of the elementary echeol. It is a matter now of common consent that very very few hove indeed coning from an elementary school prove satie- factory students of the Day Technical Schools. On the other hand there are always a number of boys in the elementary school, who by their superior natural gilts can reap the full advantage of a Secondary School, if they entered sufficiently young,—and to whom no posi- tion in the ladder of education is unattainable. Many a boy has come to this Grammar School from the ele- mentary school and has by hie great ability and perseverance woe his way to the foremost rank. There are already connected with this school 8 scholarship 9 for the purpose of helping on deserving boys from the elementary schools,—but it is surely a fact beyond dispute that there are more boys than this in our primary schools who would be the better for the advantage of a Seconday Education. It is, I think, alao true that the Grammar School type of education might with regard to many boys be modified and broadeoed without in any way reducing its high standard. It is the business of a Grammar School to educate boys for the higher walks, the more responsible positinns of life, whether it be in commerce, the Civil Service, or the Professions. The number of such boys will always be comparatively small and the cost of educating them proportionately increas- ed, and this question of cost has prevented many schools from developing their commercial end sFientifie sides to the extent that head masters have desired. With the financial aid which may be a result under the Bill this difficulty will he to a large extent removed, and it seems possible, therefore, without depriving a boy's education of the character of a Grammar school education,to give It that special turn in the later years of school life as will be more directly in consonance with his future career. The Grammar Schools, it is acknowledged, provide the beat sort of material for the hither technical education, and Rive breadth and culture to the man who has to go out into the world and compete with his fellows in the way of business- These, then, are the three points which I think deserve serious consideration in dealing with the highi-r educa- tion question of this town. First, the provision of a higher elementary school for children who are destined to be apprenticed to trades—secondly, a scheme by which the gifted boys from our elementary schools may receive the higher education in a secondary school which their gifts demand—and thirdly, the financial assistance which will enable the secondary education of the town tee be put on a broader basis. The question of buildings, kc, comes second to and after the settlement of these main issues for whet ei-P have to consider first is not in what buildings shall we place our machinery, but what work do we wish our machinery lo turn out and what machinery we have alreadr. We want first a most careful inquiry as to the needs of the town— mean the number of boys who are likely to take advantage of a higher education as well as the character of the higher education required. next the knowledge how far these needs are being met or can to met by the existing schools. When once we have discovered the truth on these two paha!' it will not

be long, lam sure before satisfactory and ample pro- vision for doing the work is forthcoming. My only excuse fortaking up so much of your time is the gravity of the question and the necessity for approaching it from the mest economical as well as the most efficient way. Leaving now the general question of education on one side, it is with the greatest regret that I have to record the loss of one who has been connected with this school for the last 30 years—l refer to the late Mr Robert DavieS, Clerk to the Governing Body. He was a personal friend of my own, and I ever found in him ready sympathy and wise counsel in all matters pertaining to the school. Nor most I forget the late Mr. John Cros- field, for many years one of our Governors—who most generously supported the Scholarship Fund, which haa enabled many a boy to achieve his ambition and go to the University.—Before calling upon the Bishop to dis- tribute the prizes and certificat,,s. I shall now read you a summary of the Examiner's report on the school work of the past year, and the list of special honours gained during the year." The headmaster then read the examiner's report, which stated that as a result of a week's residence in the school, he could conscientiously report that the school was in a thoroughly satisfactory condition, both as regarded currioulum, organizati dis:ipline, and general tone. In congratulating the governors sad headmaster upon the efficient state of the school the examiner stated that with the inevitable reorganization of secondary education in the near future, it would be a great satisfaction for them, as well as the parents of the rising generation, to know that they al- ready had a school that would without doubt success- fully claim to be, as it had been in the past, the most important feature in the educational life of the district. (Applause). The Bina vOF LIVERPOOL distributed the prizes, and delivered an address. THE PRIZE LIST.

CLASSICS :—VI Form, Corney, ma; V Form, Bamfortb Upper IV Form. Burgess, ml Lower IV Form. Carlisle ; 111 Form. Rigby II Form. Monks, ma ; I Form, Young. IdenrEmence :—VI Set, Jones V Set, Bamfortb ; Upper and Lower IV Seta, Weaver. mt. _ _

- ARtTHMETIC: -HI and II :Jets, Ford: Upper and Lower I Sete, Henshall, mi. ANCIENT kII3TOIIY.—Vi. Form (Greek 445 B.C. to 323 8.C.) Cooke ; V Form, Dutton. lINGLIse HIJTOICY (1066-1399) : --Upper and tower IV. Forms, Woods. ml; 111 aril II Forms, Wallington ; Upper and Lower I Forms, Hallwood, mi. _ .

SCIENCE :—VI Set, Physics', Jones: V Set, Chemistry, Smith ; IV Set, Elementary Science. Kennon. SCRIPTURE KNOIVLEDG, :—Lamplugh Memorial, VI Form, St Mark with the Greek, Corney, ma; V Fora, St Mark and I Samuel (Rev M Stevenson's prize), Pigot ; IV Form, Joshua and Judges (Rev E C E Carleton's prize), Oliff, ter ; Massingham Memorial, 111 and II Forms, St Mark, Wilcox ; Upper and Lower I Forma, 'tenet:all, ml MODERN LLNGUAGES : VI Set German, Corney. ml ;V; Set German, Dutton ; VI Set French, Corney, ml; V Set French, Webster; IV Set French, Joseph, ml; 111 Set French, Watkins. _ . _

DRAWING .—Shading. McMurray ; Model. Carlisle ; Free- hand (advanced), Lee; Freehand (elementary). Haddock ma. WRITING :—Lower School. Brodie. Paystosh GEOGRAPHY (Modern Side) :—Madeley. POLITICAL Ec )Noms. : —Jones. ELEMENTARY POLITICS :—Sankev. ma. II:IGLU:II VERSE (Horace, Odes 1-22) :—Corney, ma. LATIN ELEGIACS (Coronation Ode, Canon With& Prize) : Corney, mi. NATURAL HISTORY COLLECTION (Wild Flowers :—Oliff,ml. ASHTON MEMORIAL ma. OXFORD:LOCAL EXAMINATIONS, 1901; SENIOR CANDIDATES. HONOURS DIVISION Class, A F Corney. Pees DIVISION :—L G Corney and 0 fi Cooke. JUNIOR CANDIDATES.

Horrouns DIVISION :—Second Class, B Burgess, J A Jones.

PASS DIVISION :—J Baniforth, G W Weaver, H N Bennett, A Webiter, II Dutton.

RECOMMENDED FOR ELECTION TO 113TELER scaolaßsiurs SENIOR SCHOLARS :—Bamfortb, Duttoa. JUNIOR SCHOLARS :—Kennon.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. JOHN EIVISON.

A Prominent Friendly Society Official.

Warrington has lost an esteemed townsman and la zealous Friendly Society official by the death of Mr John Emsou, which took place at his residence in Thynne-street on Monday evening. The deceased gentleman, who had been ailing for some time, was 58 years of age. lie was born on September 18th, ' 1843, at Great Budworth, near Sorthwich. When he was very young his parents removed to Knuts- ford,where he was educated at the Parochial School. When;about 13 years of age they came into the neighbourhood of Warrington, where he learned the business of a French polisher. In 1864, Mr Emson obtained a situation at Messrs Robert Gar- nett and Son's, cabinet makers, and after being there many years be accepted the position of master nolisher,which be held up to a short time ago,when he commenced business on his own account.

His first connection with a friendly society began 'at 19 years of age, when he was working in Man- chester, whcro he joined the Duchess of Devonshire Lodge of the National Independent Order of Odd- fellows. On leaving Manchester for Warrington he was transferred to the Garibaldi Lodge. In 1870 he also decided to become a member of the Admiral Nelson Lodge, connected with the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows and was duly initiated. He was soon put in office and mounting the ladder step by step be passed the chairs, after which he was appointed secretary of the lodge. He was also lodge secretary for some years of a Society in War- rington known as the Children's Burial Society, which was formed in March, 1868, for the benefit of Oddfellows. The lodge having sent him to re- present them at the district meetings, he was several times selected as district auditor and in 1882 be was elected deputy grand master of the dis- trict, and in 1883, grand master. On the death of the provincial U.S. (Mr John Houghton), in 1883, Mr Emson was elected to the position of C.S., an office which he held to the time of his death Mr Emson was also secretary for many years of the Garibaldi Lodge, N.1.0.F.,, and district secretary for 15 years of the Warrington district of the National Independent Order of Oddfellows. Mr Emson was favoured with a number of presents and testimonials for his services from the members of the Independent Order of Oddfellows,and from the Manchester Unity. The Garibaldi Lodge presented him with a very handsome ruby goblet, hasing the emblem of the Order engraved on it, and when he was appointed Provincial C.S, in the Manchester Unity, he resigned all offices in connection with the National Independent Order, and the members of that society in Warrington at once took measures to show their appreciation of his services. Their efforts culminated in his being invited to a public dinner and to his becoming the recipient of a beautiful tea and coffee service. Mrs Emson at the same time was presented with a cruet stand. In 1893, the jubilee of the Admiral Nelson Lodge was held, and it having leaked out that their secretary would also attain his jubilee at the same time, the members of both his lodge and district decided that he should not be forgotten. The result was that on his 50th birthday the lodge presented him with a massive silver ink-stank, and a past officer's certifi- cate, framed in carved oak. The members of the district at the same time presented him with a six guinea PP G Ma jewel, with a suitable inscription. In 1887, the Warrington district presented the late Provincial C S (Bro John Houghton) with a purse of gold, and Bro Emson, who acted as secretary to the committee, was presented by them with a beautiful silver pen and pencil case as a mark of their esteem and in appreciation of his services in connection with the presentation to his pre- decessor.

Bro. Emsots was ever a reformer. His first a on becoming secretary WA9 to see that his lodge woo regis- tered, and although he had many difficulties to face success crowned his efforts. The next step was to see that every member paid according to erale, which led to a lot of grumbling, but ae it was oee of the things, if not the thing, that was required to put the lodge in the way of becoming solvent, it was ultimately carried out. Another matter which was a bone of contention wit') Bro. Emsrm was the large amouct spent by some of the lodges in which was call.cd rent, hut this matter was very suceessfully dealt with by a committee, which, after working some time, obtained a commodious house in which • were placed the district offices. The house taken was once the residence of Dr Enfield, who was Tutor in Belles Lettres and Rector A'ademicv at the Warrington Academy in 1770. Bro. Ernson was honoured by his distriet in being sent to represent them at the following A.M.C.'s :—Notting- ham, Reading, Stafford, Gloucester, Ipswieh, Salisbury, Derby, Southampton, horthompton, and Swansea. At ' Northampton he was second highest at the poll for por- trait, an honour which he highly esteemed. Ben. Emsen was a member of the Gilbert Greenall Lodge, No. 1250, of Free and Accepted Masons. Mr. Eatsox was Chairman of the Warrington United Friendly Societies Cennoil and took a deep interest in ell matters affecting Friendly Societies. He was Chairman of the committee which had eiarge of the arrangements for the Coronation procession of Friendly Societies, and I in that capacity rendered ungrudging and very valuable services. The postponement of the procession, after so much careful preparation occasioned him keen regret. Mr Emsen appeared to have a great fondness for xectorial work, and he acted for several years as secre- tary for* children's treat, balls, Sce, in connection with the Warrington Volnnteers, of which he was a member fer 14 years, retiring with the rank of sergeant. The news of his death created profound sorrow among a very large circle of friends. He leaves a widow,three sons, and five daughters, with whom the deepest Sympathy is e pressed.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
tetters to Ty ialitor.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS,

WanarNuToN :—Ti electric trams cow. menced to run in St. Helens on July 20th, 1890. Ed. "Examiner."

Lord Roberts' Last Letter.

Sir,—Many of your readers will have read Lord Roberts' excellent letter of a few weeks ago asking the public "to be careful in the nature of the welccms " to be given to our returning troops that it" may no take the form of treating the men to stimulants in public houses and in the streets, and thus lead them into excesses which must tend to degrade those whom the nation delights to honour." Wo are desirous of print- ing this letter in the forms of three sheet placards for the was, smaller ones tor shops and house windows, and handbills for general circulation. But, alas ! this is the holiday season, and as a result,our financial resources are very tow indeed ! May I remind your readers that when I made a sirn,lar appeal for help to print L-rd Roberts' first letter nearly two years ago they generously sent me g?.3, arid with assistance from our funds we printed and circulated 90,000 copies* As, thank Gcd, the war is at an end, and probably three- fourths of the troops Are returning, we should be thank- ful for £5O to do what we wish.

Chzques, Sco, should be made parble ti 'REV.) J. HIRST,

, Diocesan C.E.T.S. Offices, 11, Lord-street, Liverpool. July 18:11, 1902. P.S. Sims will be devoted to any particular part of ot:tbe diocese if desired. J.U.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NATIONAL BOYS' SCHOOL.

Annual Distribution of Prizes.

List of Winners.

On Thursday at noon the first annual prize dia- tributon in Connection with the National Schools was held on the school premises in Church-street, There was a full muster of boys from the lowest to the highest standards with expectation " writ large" over each individual countenance. The Rev H B Firth, whose interest in boys is so well known, was in attendance with Mr. Littler, one of the school managers, and Mr A S Lindsay, A.C.P., head master, with his assietant teachers. Prior to the ceremony each of the boys was presented with a seealed letter from the neadmaeter containing a report of the pupil's progress in his educational work for ,the year ending June 30th ; a list of the successful prize winners for the year and an inter— esting letter on the year's work by Mr Arthur S Lindsay, the headmaster. The head master in (naming the proceedings remarked that that was the first time they had held a distribution in connection with the school. The prizes had been provided out of the fund created ty the scholars them- selves by reason of the concert held some time ago. On an occasion of that kind one regretted there were not prizes for all. Still were each to have a prize the honour attached to the winning of it would be some- what diminished. He was pleased to read them the report of his Majesty's Inspector which was as follows •—" Though the retirement of the late head master, Mr Jordan, who for so many years did such excellent service is much to be regretted, the school still maintains its high character under its new master." The examiner in religious knowledge says, " All show the resell; of excelit nt teaching in religious knowledge." They began their honours with gaining three town scholarships last July when Masters B Hilton, W Goff and F Allison proved themselves successful competitors. The headmaster, continuing, detailed the various successes gained by the school dwelling especially on the fact that the school had carried off the greatest distinction of the year in winning the only four new- Science and Art Scholarships offered for the first time in the district. The value of each was £36 distributed thus—£9, for the first year ; £l2, second year ; £l5, third year. These four scholars were indebted to Mr Littler, an old scholar and now a manager of the school, for the prizs they would receive in acknowledgement of the honour they had won. The success of the school was due to a very great extent to tne very hearty co- operation of the teachers. There were three special prizes that morning for the three boys who bad written the best composition on their educational excursion to Liverpool. The winners were William Warburton,George Ackerly, and Fred Yowd. (Applause.) 011 Ir Littler, who wrs to present the prizes, needed no introduction. Wherever boys were there was hibp the midst of them. (Applause.) dlr Lhtier, who was received very warmly, in the course of an instructive speech told the scholars that he was an old boy from the National Schools. It was at least thirty years ago since he was a scholar there and at that time there was only another boy and himself above standard five, which was in marked contrast to the 130 boys now occupying the two higher standards. Some people were always making comparisons betwe,n their own countries and foreign countries to the detri- ment of the former. But there was no doubt that if the British lad only made up his mind to do his work no one could possibly beat him. He appealed to them to be sincere and unselfish in their work, and to cherish a love for their sohool which should never be forgotten. The boys then received their prizes from the hands of Mr John Littler, each boy receiving an ovation as he stepped forward to receive his gift. The following were the successful students :

===== 0002601_19020725_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROLL OF HONOUR.

Winners oF new local science and Art Scholarships, tenable at Technical Instituze, and worth £36 each : George R Clare, Fred G Taylor, Arthur. Rathbone, Thomas Howard.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
TOP BOYS IN RESPECTIVE CLASSES.

Class I a—Thomas Ashurst, Ben Years ley. Class I b George Clare. Class tll—Albert Hampson, Johnson. Class lll—Henry Warburnn. Cass IV— William RsteliHA. Class V—Peroy Bennett, Arthur Shelton. Class Vl—Willie Dobson,Trevor Sint )n,Edgar Lawton, Thomas Edward.

REGULAR ATTENDERS, SCHOOL OPEN 415 TIMES. NEVER ABSENT. —Class I b—Tnommi Huxtablk Frank Johnson, Fred Taylor. Class ll—Walter Cox, Leonard Ravenscroft, elem Woolley. Class lll—Edwin Ashcroft, Jonathin Pickstock, Frank Rowles, William Ratcliffe, Percy Rowles, Ernest Sherlock, William Toompson, Peter VVoodwar I. Class IV—Harold Bailey, Cnarlfs Hughei, Jossph E Jones, John W Lovatt, Samuel Owen, Noroott S Percival, George Pickstock, Thomas Riley, Reuben Stubbs, William A Walker. Class V—Leonard Ashcroft. Thomas Burton, Percy Bennett, Ernest Cox, Charles Gandy. Hugh Hughes, Fred S Lines, George Owen. Class Vl—Arthur Molyneux, Frederic Walker.

AB ENT ONCE ass I b—Joseph Raves, James Robinson, Class Hl—Thomas (3iriffitbsl George Haves, Herbert Harrison, Harry Hindlov, Joseph Miller, George Robirvon. ()Ilea IV.—John W Jones, John Miller, William Ratchtio. Class V—Ernest Lawton, James Moores. Class Vl—Samuel Eiwards, Clifford Jones, Elgar Lawton, Henry Ratcliffe, Richard Sidwell.

ABSENT TWICE.--daqa I b—John Bagley. Class II George City's, Stanley Gorst. Class lll—Fred Ellison, Gem° Hatrissn, Joseph Hillidze. Class IV—John Hulse, Ernest Johnson. Class V—Robert Brown, Ernest Frankland, John Woodcock. Class Vl—Barry Joynson, Joseph Robinson.

ABSENT THREE TIMES.—Class I a—Albert Lightfoot. Class I b—George Clare, William Jones, Peter Ormsoo. Class ll—Edgar Lewis, John Thomas Moores, John Thompson. Class IV—Archibald Vaughan, Reginald GPave, John Plant. Class V —Waltrr Brockley, John William Bate, Henry Nuttall. Class Vl—Trevor Buxton, John Shepherd. ABSENT FOUR TIMES.—CIaSi I a—James Green. Class I b—Thomas Cox,Arthar Holt. Class lll—Henry Hulse, Thomas Ormson, Arthur Pollitt, Leonard Whinyates, John Cropper. Class IV—George Ellis, Frank I.4Vdilite. CISSR V—Arthur Shelton, William Worrall. Class VI Leonard Ratcliffe, Peter Thompson, William Wilkes. The Rev .1 B Firth at the close of the distribution addressed the scholars and called for three cheers for Mr Littler, Mr Lindsay, and the assistant teachers. These were given, and, after the boys Gad sting a verse of the National Anthetn.the school broke up for its midsummer vacation.

CYCLE INFIRMARY 10 THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIR. NO JOB TOO &MALL OR TOO DIFFICULT. ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW!HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RERBERED AND RE-LINED EQUA TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED.: Cycles built to order from Perry's Eildies, B.S.A„ and bat er Lee fittings, Agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS. D. H.g GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRING ro ti,

SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS & BOWELS.

SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than otner known remedies. This is now conceued by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno as one of the ingredients of Veno's Seaweed Tonic, since which time Veno's Seaweed Tonic has been used in hospitals and by doctors themselves because of its superior curative pro - pestles. Its most:brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseaEes, and toe extraordinary cures Is performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god•send to sufferers from indiges- tion, wind, headache, general weakcess, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood and HABITUAL CONSTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Price Is, lid. and 23. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

LATEST NEWS.

THE CORONATION,

August 9th a Bank Holiday.

COWES, Friday,

- A Privy Council will be held to-morrow, (Saturday), on board the Royal yacht at Cowes at which the King will approve of an order making August 9th a Bank Holiday.

CRICKET

===== 0002601_19020725_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Fourth Test Match.

-

===== 0002601_19020725_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SENSATIONAL ENGLISH COLLAPSE.

Century by Trumper.

The fourth test match was commenced at Trafford on Thursday, when 18,000 people gathered to witness the play. Darling was fortunate in winning the toss on a soft wicket, and at lunch time the score of the visitors was 173 for one wicket (Duff's). Later, when the sun came nut, the innings was quickly finished off, the total reaching 299, of which Trumpet was responsible for a brilliant 104. When England went in there was a sensational collapse, 5 wickets falling for 44 runs against the bowling of Trumpet and Hopkins. Subse- quently Jackson and Braund played out time and the tbtal crept up to 70 runs. The full scbre is as fellows:—

===== 0002601_19020725_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTRALIANS.

V Trumper c Lilley b Rhodes lO4 R A Duff c Lilley b Lockwood C Hill c Rhodes b Lockwood MA Noble c and b Rhodes 2 S H Gregory c Liltey b Rhodes 3 Darling e MaeLaren b Rhodes

A a Hopkins 0 Palairet b Lockwood W w Armstrong b Lockwood 5 J J Kelly not out Trumble 0 Tate b Lockwood 0 J V Saunders b Lockwood B 5,1 b 2, w,l 8

Total ENGLAND. R Abel c Armstrong b Saunders . 6 L 0 H Palairet 0 Noble b Saunders .. 6 J T Tyldesley c Hopkins b Saunders .. AC MaaLaren b Trumble K S Ranjitsinhji lbw b Trumble 2 F S Jackson net out l6 L C Braund not out 842 4 Total (for five wickets A A Lilley, IV H Lockwood,W Rhodes, aud F W Tat 3 to bit. BOWLING ANALYSIS. Australians.—First Innings. °vers. Maidens. Runs. Wickets. Rhodes leeks= Tate Braund Lockwood 2O 1 Rhodes bowled one wide: Umpires: J Moss and T Mycroft.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALI3II Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsep street, and published' by them at the same place ansi also at The Examiner Office Victoria-road,WLDNE.. 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and ;5, Market-Street BARLEBTOWW, in the County of Lancaster andalsoat Eftg'a et. lltilmonx,in the County of Chester. TITIX 25 1902.

===== 0002601_19020725_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

.

===== 0002601_19020725_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BO LD. ST L^ , 013 i y CaLTlZetf WARRING'tON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 27TH. At 10.30 Rev. O. H. HOCKEN. At 6.30 Rev. THRODORB BISHOP. All welcome Hymn book. nroviderl.

GRAND FANCY DRESS PAFADE AND CARNIVAL, IN :OD OF allE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY ,AND THE DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION, SATURDAY. AUGUST 23Rn. 110 TE THE DATE AND HALT' THE INSTITUTIONS.

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN R A IL- WAY.—GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. The LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY ,COMPANY GIVE NOTICE that MONDAY. AUGUiT 4th, oeing a holiday under the Holiday Extension Act. 1875, the 'l'Y WILL BE OBSERVED AS A HOLIDAY AT GARSTON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK, and the ',Quays and Estate. FRED HARRISON, General Manager, Ruston. London. July. 1912.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THU ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2 15 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. Train in comioction with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 10 55 a.m. Srecial cheap return fares from Warrington - First class and Saloon 94s Od ) Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s 6il alongside Third class and Nore Cabin lls 6d ) Steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.-OIROULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- •Joisol, or me versa, can now be obtalnEd at following Pares:— First-class and Saloon l9s 6d Third-class and Saloon 14s Od Third-class and Fore Cabin 108 Oci Tha journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for the Lakes),Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPO itTANT NOTICE.— Tim magnificent new express steam "DUCHESS Op DEVONSHIRE "is now on the service. Tourist Note Rook post Fres, 3d. —JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow. EMICr---RATION TO CANADA. by ALLAN ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS, every Thurs- . 49. Frre grant lands; farm labourers and domestic servants "1 great demand; also openings for capitalists. Pamphlets fall par:Aculars free —Apply ALLAN OFFICES, 19. James Liverpool.o 103 L d h 11 t ot London. r , ea en a -s ,re . T. .1 • ViLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, EXAMINER" OFFIOEs 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY 4,00D5, PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND uTHER USEFUL ARTICLES, ger: to the above address. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. WERE WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 2s 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OvER MYNERYNE'S), H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

I

PRELI MINARY . NOTICE. THE FIRS ANNUAL EISTEDDFOD WILL BE HELD ON SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 29TR, 1902, IN PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. Competitora MALE VOICE CHOIRS, MIXED CHOIRS, CHILDREN'S CHOIRS, QUARTETS, DUETS. SOLOS. ETC.. ETC. PRIL/MINAM SYLLABUS Will be ready in a few days. For further particulars apply to Tilomiks BROUGH,I29, R. W. COOK, 31, Selby-street, Warrington. HON. SECktETAJITES,

OL & NORTH WA L ES.—R Ea (ILA Et DAILY ASORNIEG SAILING& (Sundays included), Ls• "St Tudno.'• daily. from Prince's Landing Stage at 10.45 sin, for Llandudno. Beaumarls, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, ',Bowing about four hours ashore at Llandudno, aad due back about 730 pm. Low fares. INCREASED WEEK-END SAILINGS. etTUBDAYS.—Faur Failings to Llandudno, 100 am. 11 0 a in, 130 pm. and 3 pm. To Metal Straits 11 0 a in, and 1 30 p m '3inibaYs.—Three Sallings to Llandudno and Menai Straits, 10 40 a rp, 11 10 a m. and 2 30 p m. Ifarly Boat from North Wale=. on Mondays, due Liverpool _ at 10 15 a in, nturning at 2 30 p in to above places. ,For fares and all further particulars apply to Liverpool and ~,ma Wales Steamship Company, Limited, T. U BREW, rcretarv, 40, Chapel Street, Liverpool. -11"EliBoakings by Cheshire Lines and on Sundays by -"eels train leaving Warrington (Central) at 9 45 a m.

14-41V-liR-p-O-—AND Di RIG LAS S LEA DI ERS LIMITED. B &TU RU AY, JULY 5, to sEpr. 1. 1.,5,...Pr011'i Liverpool every day at 10.45 a.m., and midnight sl;ndays excepted). , rein Douglas every dey at 9.30 a.m., and 4.5 pm. (Sun- 3's excepted). EXTRA. STEAMERS. rora Liverpool every Saturday at 2.30 p.m.. and mid- ght. Prom Douglas every Sunday at midnight. lex RRIURN. 2sn RETURN. 5/6 RETURN. 3/6 r Available to return any day during season. SEASON TICKETS. 235. FACIi. t_Tiekets and handbills at Walker's. 53. Whitechapel, or ding-stage. Douglas i 1, Victoria Pier. 40Tis —lh 3 Yunnels are White with Black Band round

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWBRY-STREET. WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punotually attended to.

tANGL ANDS' SAILINGS. To GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. PRINCESS LOUIS" OR OTHER STEAMER. oti,?ro LIVERPOOL Front GLASGOW ..,"'ence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. -clie lin 5. July 29th 5p m Sat. July 86t112 pin *7.5 pm pr,O. Aug. 4th 10 pm FG. Aug. lst 2pm *8.25 pm ~,'• Aug. Bth 130 pin Wed. Aug 6th 2p m ...7.23 pm Trains from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). t,yRDIPTARY FABER I—CFOIII. Single, 11. e. ; Return (valid for w‘,o months). 16s 6d. Steerage, Single. s 6d. ii oPEciaL RETURN TICRETS.—(YaIid for 10 days). Cabin,, '°- : Steerage, Bs. 3d. M. LANGLAN DS AND SONS, 10 RUMFORD-PLACE, LIVERPOOL. WHIT STAR' LINE WHITE ROYAL MAIL STEADIERS. t, 'AI, e,. . . o. . LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK lila Queenstown. wEDNESD.Li evnvyrE FRIDAY sEE,VInE. "4"1"1° Wed, July 30 CYMRIC Fri., Aug. 8 T'RUTONIC ...wed.. Aug. 6 CELTIC Fri. Aug. 22 C.CHANIC ...Wed., Aug. 3 CYMRIC Frt., Sept. 5 tIAJESTIC ...Wed., Augl 20 CELTIC Fri. Sept. 19 Third Class pas:sange at low rates including Outfit free of barge to New York soiman , Philadelphia. or Baltimore. 4Dply to DMILT• IIdRIZ, and Co., Liv 1 17 C k pur Street, s.W.. and 34. Leadenhall Street. elr.gn°Ls. B.C°." ISLE Or MAN EXPRESS um", STEAMERS (Red funnels & black Tops.) 6/6 DAY FXCUR:=IoNS. 6/6 DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE. (Sundays excepted). bk„ From LIVERPOOL. From Doc ox.t.e. ...... 10-30 a m and 2p m I Deily ..! .. . 9am and 4p m giurchva spm&l2 30 night 'On. - 12-30 am (Sun. night.) "ftliv, - l2-30 night I "olipliESS QUEEN" is intended to sail from Liverpool a in an.) from fought 4 p in every week day. DAY RXCURSIONS—DaiIy. .' From Manchester—Fore Cabin and 3rd ...6s. 6d. ( . 1,4 Saloon and 3al ...85. 6d. aqmol......depart 10-31 a m 1 Douglas .........depart 4 p in ' 4'itlas...arrive about 2-15 p m I Vpool arrive about 7.45 pln ' 1111,43- tickets are issued Saturday midnight steamers to ' 04.17 midnight. . 1,1" r w oar, To Doucixas —Daily, except Sundays. from at-''Wood at 215 pm, Train from ,Wa rrington at 11-42 a.m. t ettte • ~t Y can be broken at Blackpool. ~_ , firWaapoox. To naMertY direct. Mondays, Wednesdays , ittkilYs, and Saturdays 12 30 noon; Via DOUgla6, Thursdays • li, *ridays 2 p in, 4tirf.teTwoon To RANIsET via Douglas.—Tbursdays and ti 111), same times as Fleetwood to Douglas. '44'l Came's 't Little Man Island " and Sailing' free ,tiek"44B 1d) of Tours to Dublin. Belfast, and Glasgow. b et., &c, from Swan & Leath, Cook & 011, Dean & • tita i, 3).,_011, tourist agents. ,',ll.a.;:raengers. their Luggage, Live Stock, and Goods to"ra'elcon- Subject only to the conditions of carriage of the . %tea Panv. as exhibited in their offices and On board their I roe kt,,,. rs, ----...:_"' OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., Douglas.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. NIACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class AR TIFICIAL TEETH 1. -- Sets, 2os. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Piatina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; 'Wahl gold, Cs. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says Skilfulfy, painlessly adjusted, The Hospital World Bays: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WA:MASSES, DRAPER, MONDANI, 11 10 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHETIER, 29, PICCADILLY, ETTENDINCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- .l pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

• ATISSES WOODS, 10, RYLANDS STREET, SIMMER SAL", FOURTEEN DAYS, COMMENCLNG ON TUESDAY, JULY 22ND. SUN HATS,-SUN BONNETS, COTTON COSTUMES, OVERALLS, LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S BLOUSES, AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES TO CLEAR. 10, RYLINES STREET, WARRINGTON.

iIHARLES WOLF'S / GWINBA GOLD WEDDING RINGS. iDOZ SUPERIOR ELEC- TED PLATED TEA-SPOONS given with each ring. Engage- ment rings a speciality. Waltham, Elgin and Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly done with the greatest &lcill and attention. CHARLES WOLF • HOLES ALE JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

YOU IJANNOT DO BETTER THAN BUY YOUR BUPTER, BACON, CHEESE AND EGGS AT ASHLEY'S THE NOTED SHOP FOR BEST VALUE. 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. THE TRADE STIPPLIED.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, AU goods gent carriage paid.

I LLUMIN ATBD ADD a &6' 6S, S-STAMPO Gr Fan-Similes of Handwriting, Typewriting, plans, quart titles dm., copied and lithographed.--14400ze AND SaN, Law stationers 11. Queen-street, Warrington.

(ZERGE JACKETS SERGE JACK TS! 1.3 Every workman should have on of HACIUE'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-65, BYROM-STREET. Ltverpool.

VATANTED, 20,000 Painters to BUY Iron Paint Cans. Paint Stainers. Knotting Bottles, Galvanised Buckets. Chimney Tops, direct from our Works, at whole— sale r Heel. Large stock always on hand at M LOW& & SONS. Bakers' Utensil Manufacturers and Compete Bake— house Cutfltters, 24, Prescot-street, Liverpool.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per or. COVERLETTE 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/i EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

01-40 BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS.-GREAT .1 REDUCTION IN PRICES.—Bun Tins, Troughs, Provers Peels and Rods, Window Trays. Confntioners' Ovens. Chaffers, Blowers and Pipes, Sandwich Boxes, Roll Tins. Oval Cob Tins, Pie Machines, Tea Urns. Moulds. Egg Whisking Machines, Scales, Gas Hot Plates, Bowls, Ice Cream Freezers, Trucks. Knives, Fancy Cake Stands, Slab Cake Tins, Raspberry Sandwich and Madeira Cake Tins, Sieves. Icing Tubes. Scone Wire Cutters, and every descrin- tion of new shapes of Tins and Bakehouse Utensils. M LOWB & SONS, Manufacturers of Bakers' Fools and Utensils, and Complete Bakehouse Outfitters, 24, Prescot- street, Liverpool.

BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS AND MUSIC. Air, R. B. WADSWORTH respectfully informs 1.Y.1_ BANDSMEN and the public generally that he is AGENT IN WARRINGTON FOR BESSON, HIGITAM. AND BOOSEY. Prices similar to those of the respective firms. All kinds of MUSICAL P 4 STRUMENT6 supplied on the very best terms (cash or instalments). Please write or call— SANKEY-IITRBET, WARRINGTON.

HG. DOWLING, • RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address ; 21, Elleernere-road, Stockton Heath.

WHERE TO DRESS WELL AND CHEAP. NODLEMAN, NIEHARRY AND CLOTH AND MOE WAREHOUSE. CLOTHS ls. 2D. PER YARD 50 IN. DOUBLE WIDTH. ALL-WOOL GENTS AND BOYS SUITINGS,S4 IN. 2s. 6D. PER YARD. TROUSERINGS FROM Is. 6D. PER YARD. CLOTHS ALL MAKES AND QUALITIES IN STOCK, FROM Is. PER YARD. CLOTHS FOR COATS ANC.) SKIRTS, ALL MAKES AND SHADES FROM is. PER YARD, ALL LININGS, CANVAS &c, KEPT IN STOCK. NT ODLE.MAN, MEHARRY AND CO., 227 BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. (FIVE DOORS FROM CROWN-STREET.) OUR MR. MEHARRY IS LATE OF HARFORD AND CO., LIVERPOOL. Send for Patterns, post free. Business hours, 9to 8.

BOYS, AM I .ANY USE TO You? STRAIGHT; I HAVE REALLY GONE ALL OUT to make my 6s. 6D., Bs. SD.. and TWELVE 808 BOOTS th,. FINEST Value in England. AIZTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

TILE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FHOM THE QUARRIES OF Trial BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BIOKERSHAW COAL). HEAD 07710 E AND WHARF: ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office : Marion Street. Warrington

SKELTON'S LIM ITED HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, & BPLEADID STOOK OF CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTED PLATE AT VERY LOWEST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, H ORS EMARKEI STREET, WARRINGTON.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 165. LADS RS DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9F. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVRRPOOL

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., 1.) YERi AND CLEANERS, MANC RESTER. BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL r MAJESTY THE WARRANT OF „aka APPOINTKIINT • KING. AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES. 391 t, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAN, NBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND bILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Sliver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND SUMER BOUGHT. All • transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament?. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Cloaks. Pictures, Ac., Ac., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAR4AINS In DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIEW and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac. .to We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES RY t-OSt RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS. dm. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. TVIE 'LAIN E'S RICHMOND STREET. LIVERPOOL.

A DELICACY FOR AFTERNOON TEA. BALMORAL WAFKRS COOL AND REFRESHINti. • MANUFACTURED ONLY RY CARR AND CO., LTD., BVCUIT MANUFACTURERS, CARLISLE. ROYAL APPOINTMENT, 1841. To be had of all Dineen'. Dainty bample Tin cent peat free 3d Kindly mention Ws paper.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. LIVERPOOL CUP, and STEWARD'S CUP, ETC. A ,Daily Price List issued, showing latest market changes, WRITE FOR MY GREAT STEWARD'S CUP CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

SWEETS FOR THE CHILDREN. SECRE rARIES AND COMMITTEES OF SCHOOLS CAN BE SUPPLIED WITH THE BEST OF EVERYTHING IN CHOCOLATES AND GENERAL CONFECTION/DIY FOR STALLS AND SCHOOL TREA.TS, 8:c. I CALL AND INSPECT OUR STOCK OR SEND FOR OUR REPRESENTATIVE. J. LYTHOOE & Co., SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

RE HANNAH REID, DECEASED, W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, BEG TO INTIMATE THAT THEY HAVE PURCHASED THE ENTIRE STOCK, GOODWILL S.T. OF THE LATE HANNAH REID, IRISH LINEN IMPORTER, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. THE WhOLE OF THIS EXCELLENT STOCK OF LINENS WILL BE OFFERED DURING THEIR COMING SALE AT A TI GREAT REDUCTION OFF COST. W. H. LTD., EEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THE ABOVE BUSINESS IS NOW TRANSFERRED TO THEIR OWN PREMISES, AND WILL BE CARRIED ON BY THEM IN FUTURE AS A SEPARATE DEPARTMENT. 34 46 4 r) e 8 "RIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

R. H OLLINGWORTH AND VJO., MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. lAMEW-STREET, LATOEIFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA, EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS, HEARTHS, FLOORS. &C. References :—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams :—" Howattoworrra, Latchford."

IMPORI AJNT TO FARMERS Stc. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 To 21, AMMONIA 2f TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 TO 1?. PRICE £2 las. PER TON. 19. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT. AT YARD, OR FREE ON RAILS, SP ECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3f To 4, AMMONIA 4 TO 4/, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRIOR £4 2s. 6D. PER TON, 75, 60. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WAhRINGTON. Telephone No 222. Telegrams Toole Warrington.

G D.D.ES DANDIGLION CC/Ms& The best and cheapest ever offered to the Sold by all erasers and Druggists, in Oanista% 6d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by 7. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WABBINaTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDRR AND OONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. .ESTIMATBS GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUECTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CItiARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MA.NCHBSTIBR Bit/dale:led 88 Years

A HINT FOR THE CORONATION. MANY A CROWN IS LOST BY INJUDICIOUS PURCHASING OF CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. TRADE ON ECONOMICAL LINES. ALTHOUGH THEY DO NOT PRETEND TO GIVE CROWNS AWAY, THEY DO ASSIST THE ECONOMIST TO SAVE MONEY BY THEIR SYSTEM. EVERYTHING SOLD IS BASED ABSOLUTELY ON FIRST COST BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN'S CLOTHING IN GREAT VARIETY FOR CORONATION YEAR. CALL AND INSPECT 'THEIR SPECIALITIES. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10, HORSEMA.REET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BO IT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PHAROS MANSE AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, to. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF P1101:0GRAPH8 tor Oust°leum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SJLVERSMITiIS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADIBB MAIERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. itgoLey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELI,'S , • INKS. - (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SC HEW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS LITID NEVER FADE TO BE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A SPECIAL OFFER ON THE CORONATION DERBY. £l,OOO TO 28. 6D. WITH EXPENSES To LONDON AND BACK AND FREE SEATS TO 'VIEW THE CORONATION PROCESSION. SEE THE "TURF REGISTER," SENT POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

iXIIINNESS'S 1_)IIBL1N sr OUT. PASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALII3 aLLSOPP'S MILD IND BITTBR ALBS. WHBATI,BII3 HOP BITTEIn • WHEATLEY'S HINGER BEM. If') be bad in CASK or BOTTLBS from D. CUNNI NGHA WiNWICH ROAD, WARRING-105. Also Manufacturer of Milli CLASS MINLELAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telepbone No. 179. NTORES. OWICI9 9TREHT.

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER & VALUER °ince and tialeroorns No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TF.LEPRoNE, No. 65. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furnitute, &c., warehoused, EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILPTY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derengements may be sucnssfully treated without otomaela medication. The method ie easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent, In a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. N. NORTON. 59 & 60 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, Over years' continuous success,

OME —TO---SATITH'S,—IN—MANCHtiATER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean. honest methods are what the public " Pe to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE pIANO-SMITEI IN MANCHESTER. Send to SMITH. for CATALOGUE, Post Free, PRICES AND THRHS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS be. Od. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or WATOS. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, aid My goods are well known for 50 miles round, and my showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in fora good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. S ,MITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-TtOAD AND 83, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH 35, Ballway-road, ST. HELENS : 99. Corporation-street. owLEs C;FALORUDYNE Renowned for T/ COUGHS, OWLE'S XJHLORODYNE Consumption, d BRONCHITIS. TOWLE'S k /I:MOW/DYNE Asthma, INFLUENZA, j_ OW LE'S iljE LOEODY NE 24 Porno% 25. , TOWLE'S kjIILORODYNE ASV. FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

BE BEAUTIFUL NOTHING. AIDS BEAUTY SO MUCH AS BEAUTIFUL TEETH. NEW, DAINTY, ARTIFICIAL TEETH, FIT FOR A DUCHESS. 3s. TO 21s. EACH. 3. TD TEN GUINEAS PRESET, UPPER OR LOWER AIR. W. JONES, DENTALSSURGEON. 13, PARKER ST., LIVERPOOL. BETWEEN CBURCH-STREVT, 4.103 BT. JOHN B MARKET, ADVICE: FREE.

At the St. Helens Police Court, on Monday, Richard Percy Walinesiey, the well-htown racing cyclist, of 29, Church-street, Preeton, was summoned on a charge of travelling between Manchester and St. Helens Junction without a ticket with intent to defraud. There was a further charge of giving a false name and addreQs, IC was as, stated that on the 30:th Mt., Coe ckiiendant was finsd £1 and £3 14s 61 costs for havi,g, on krisrols 1 last, travelled from Huston Station to Stockpor'; with- out having previously paid his fare. Mr Fenna, who prosecuted on behalf of the London avid North-Western Railway Company said the defen- dant en the 19th of June attended the St Helens Cycle Club sports. and his name was given on the programme as a competitor. He was specially watched, and was first seen on the 19th of June at Exchange Station. Mancheeter.lße arrived there at 5 10 p.no.,put his bicycle in the cupboard of the 5.15 train and then got into the train. He did not go to the booking office for a ticket as be had plenty of time t 3 do. Detective Sergeant Kynastim rode in the train and Saw defendant alight at St Helens Junction and get into the St Helens train. with which Kynaston also travelled. On arrival at St Helens defendant took out his bicncle and was passing through the barrier when the collector asked him for his ticket. He said, " Wait t moment, until I put Imy bicycle on one ale and I will give you the ticket." Ho made a show of producing the ticket, but said he could not find it, and banded the collector Scl, which he-said was the fare from St Helena Junction. Kytaston, who was dealing with another man, beard defendant say, " I have well come from Manchester for threepence." Kyaaston .followed defendant, and asked him for his nacre and address. Ha gave the name of J R Quayle, 74, Lady Barn-lane. Fallowfielci, which, Mr Fenna said, was a meaner thing than the fraud, as it was the name of a fellow-com- petitor. Evidence having been given, the defendant in plead- ing guilty to Use offences said it was a silly thing to do. The defendant was ordered to pay a fine of £lO and £1 13s 6d costs for travelling without paying his fare, or to go to gaol for twenty-eight days, and for giving a false address he was fined £2 acd 12s 61 costs, with the alternative penalty of twenty-eight days' imprison. mett. Wages are still being lowered (says the Berlin corres- pondent of the" Morning Leader ") at Krupp's works. The smiths in several departments have been reduced by 10 to 12 per cent. Negotiations were concluded ron Tuesday for the ad- mission into the Imperial Tobacco Company,Limited,of two Chester firtos of manufacturers—namely, Messrs W T etavies and Sons and Messrs William Williams and Company. The Prime Minister is to receive the freedom of the aisolent burgh of Haddiogton, the capital of his native county. Mr. Balfour's estate of Whittinghame is in the county, and be lass identified himself with various schemes of public utility connected with the town. CADBURY'S Cocoa can always be replied upon for it purity. Adultereted cocoas are risky and should be avoided CADBURY COCOA is highly beneficial to young and old the delicate and the robust, it contains all the full nourish- - lug properties of the COCOA bean. It Is Cocoa and Cocoa only. (3) TRl3B6.—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for -" tropical climates; it is light, clean, cool, comfortable, and durable; can be worn whilst bathing. WHITE & WRIGHT Surgical Instrument Makers. 93. Renshaw-street, opposite op of Bold-street Liverpool.--2,47t.

_ ' AKoTt STOCK OF MANDOLINES, BANJOES. GUITARS, VIOLINS, C. So.-eial Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINE, MAKER'S name inside, Rose- wood, ornamented ICe. 6d. Carriage paid. Bei.t quality MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Case is. post free, ARCHER Ann °ONS. ST A k.EORGES' CRESCENT. TOP OF LORD STREET I RPOOL. Ratablisbed 1843

tz, , _ WILT And Other Itching, Burning Scaly Eruptions with Loss of Hair. Speedy Cure Treatment 4sn 9111 Bathe the aZfected parts with Hot Water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment freely, to allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heat, and lastly fake Cuticura Resolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the .blood. L sing-ie se :4 is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, dis- figuring, itching, burning, scaly, pimply humours, eczemas, rashes, irritations, and chafings, with loss of hair, when all else fails. The agonizing Itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the fright- ful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm; the awful suffering of infants and the anxiety of worn-out parents, as in milk crust, tetter, and salt rheum, all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to successfully cope with them. Such are the CUTIC URA remedies, the purest, sweetest, most speedy and economical curatives for the skin, scalp, and blood ever compounded. Mothers are their warmest friends. illions of Women Use Cuticura Soap Assisted by CUTICUEA OINTMENT for preserving, purifying, and beautify- ing the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands. for baby rashes and chafings, in the form of baths for annoying irritations and inflammations of women, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odourless, economical substitute for the cele- brated liquid CUTIOURA RESOLVENT, as well as for all other blood purifiers and humour cures. Put up in screw-cap pocket vials, containing GO doses, price, CurrcunA PILLS are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and the purest, sweetest, most IP successful and economical of blood and skin purifiers, humour cures, and tonic-digestives. CETICTRA REMEDIES are Bold throughout the world. SOAP, Is., OINTMENT, is. Gd., PLUS, It. 1 I-2d.. or the Oct pcbtpuld, 4, qy F. 14;ewbery S. Sons, Britiall Depot, 27-28, Charterhouse Sq., London. French Depot: 5 Rue de PA;X, Paris. Dev.ssa Deco AND Cusm. Cone., Sole Props., Boston, U.S. A. " All About the Skin, Sonu and Ll,ir," free,

9. 7 (V 11 4 V le 4.....) • q ',. 1 / ,„ ; .h . • We are Lemon experts—having personally visited the Messina Lemon Orchards to select the finest fruits for our celebrated Eiffel Tower Lemonade, We are now using our special knowledge to produce a most delicious Lemon Jelly. FREE SAMPLE, send to G. FOSTER CLARK & CO., Lemon Produce Importers, MAIDSTONE. 4. ",,W.s, , "iIV,•, ktit:34,4* yeL 4,:,,g .41 ~, ,_ '..,,' ZCL., ot, ox., *lt • '4. , Ve,17tr,,,i'•41-44 mt.,- vl,:r.th '„' '' ' " ' '''

'What's for tl. gbessert 12 • ; If you want a nice variety of cold sweets i send a 2d. stamp A to Brown & Poison, :I Paisley, for their 1 "Summer Dishes." It will tell you how to make Natural Fruit 1 Jellies with every fruit, and Blancmanges and Custards to accom- pany all stewed fruits. I 111 For such dishes 1, make a point of II I getting the best il 1 Cern Flour— i Browß &Poison's I "PATENT." ,

The proof of the Starch is the result of the ironing. Colman's Starch is a Starch that malies good ironing. See that the cohnares 414 Buallr'es oHnead Name and -Fell O the Box, Regd.

T LANDIJDNO.—Craig Mor Boarding Establishment. LI ABBEY-ROAD. Beautifully situated near sea. hills, golf and recreation grounds. Very moderate terms. 1 LANDIJDNO.—Mrs OwirL Faenol, Harcourt Road Craig-y-don,BOARD and RESIDENCE. Mountain and Sea Views, Rae minutes from Parade. 4s per day. 25s week

riOUGLAR- EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE, Castle Mona Central Promenade, close to places of amusement and bathing grounis ; trams pass door; terms be 6d to 6. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

SCARBOROUGH.---Ited Lea Boarding House, Prince of Wales Terrace and Granville Boarding House. Esplanade; best positions with. full sea view ; electric light through out.—Apply Miss RIDLEY.

I ONDON--TAY HOTEL. 154 Buston•road Three minutes 1—• from King's Cross, St Pancras sod Ruston hallway Stations • bed and attendance 3s 6d; private sitting-room bs 6d per thy ; highly recommenied.—A C RODNEY, Propr.

DOUGLAS.—BALMORAL, Queen's Promenade, magnifi- cent sea view; trams pass door; full toard from ts 6d per day, apartments from 2s. Special terms for private suites of rooms on application. F H hicPirkiL. Proprietor.

DlNBURGH.—Robinson's popular Temperance Hotels, Ii 31,Lotbian-road, and Maitland Ho' el, 33, Shandisick Place, both near the famous Princees-st. Wach Hotel under go-a.beal Rochdale management. —Address ROBINEON, to the Lothian-road Hotel; and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO Al 70 & IL, USTON SQUARE. HOSE COMPORTS, CLEANLUMSS AND QUIET. CENTRAL YOU BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

GOOD ISBN FISHING in river and loch : Salmon, Sea- trout, Trout, Pike and Perch.—BOAßD-RNSIDIINCS, OARTRETLE,Lochmaben, N.B.Visitors in Miss RUTHERFORD'S Establishment have the privilege of fishing five miles of the Annan.

ABERFSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the ass. Board terms from 2i guineas per week, or 9e per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.50 o'clock. For TARIFFS !cc., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

THE FINBST HEALTH RESORT IN NORTH WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-ON-SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing ,the sea, Pure bracing air, delightful climate, charming scenery; water supply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments ; every home comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent Golf Links by the sea within i; mile. High-mass Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tariff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WINDSOR HOTEL, GLASGOW.)

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WASHINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THB OLDEST BSTABLISHED RBSTUARANT IN TOWN.

itpartntents ,furnfobtb I?ousseil.

ID HYL.—Home Apartments, minute from sea; teem It moderate.—Mrs ATKISSON. 20, Aquarium-street. Mays. ---- SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, (dean and quiet,Terms moderate—Miss CoPoLE,3B, Southbank-road.

I LANDDULAS.—Bight-roomed HOUSE TO BB LBT, 1.1 Furniihed ; facing sea. delightful spot.—Apply RECTuR of Llandclulas near Abergele.

A LDERLEY THORNILEY, Tea Rooms, Z 1 I horley Hall-lane, near Trafford Arms. Picnic Parties Catered for. Accommodation for Cyclists.

MOHECAMBPubIic and Private APAELTMISNTS, with or without board; close to Promenade and Pier, —Mrs,lNarresr, 63, Bea View Parade, West End-road, W.E. Cycle accommodation; piano.

OUTHPORT, Bro. 5 PROMBNADN.—TO B 1 LUT 0 FURNISHISD for any period, having bad busy men of many trades working a month. is now lit for a family of dletinction.—Apply M. J., as above.

HAVVICSHEAD,LANCASHIRE.—TO LIST FURNISHED for long or s'lort period, Alpine House, containing 2 or itting rooms and 4 b edroorna with kitchen and convent- nces.—Apply for carti culars, Mns WILSON.

BL• CIKPuuL.—APAitTaInITES with or without board; situated near station and sea ; trams pass door.—Mrs. FLITON, Crompton House, 128, Central-drive. Piano. BLACKPOOL.—Oomfortable APAETSIIINTB close to Talbot-toad htation, with or without board, Plano. Terms Moderate. —llllB. LIVINGEITt.NE, b, Topping-street.

BLACKYOOL.-COMFORTABLE APARTSIRNTS, close to station, and all arnu ements, terms 2s. ; bed and attendance. -Mrs. CLAIIKIC, 31, hibble-rd, off Central Drive. LACKPOOL.—APARTMIINTS ; Mrs. ALLDBILD (late of ,) Athertonh Atherton Nouse, a, Pleasant-street, North Shore p 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea lOLAOKPOOL. OOMPOItTABLB APARTAIHNTS, splendid _L) situation, cleanliness and good cooking, satisfaction guaraatted. Apply MhEl R. it Ica-Am:laws, 86 riornby Road, Blackpool.

ottEcemun.—Highly recommended AIfAnIXIRNI'3 LV promenade, speci%li ' ties cleanliness, cooking, beds, terms moderate.—Sxan AND PHILEITLEY, Westleigb,klarlue Parade, bandirlands.

BLAOKPOOL.-00MFORTABLis APARTMBNTB, pleas- antly situated near Central Station and sea, every convenience, Home Cornforts.-4s. J. loduamiott, 59 Hornby itoad Blackpool.

BLACJKV 00L.—Mtss WARHURST, Springfield House. 139, Talbot-load; public and private tiIiTING-ItOOMS, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; Bea view ; piano; opposite st.tion. OLACKPOOL. Central.—Mrs. Jacrarsox, 29, Chapel-street. 1) COMFOUTABLis APAUTMEN.I.I3 ; bed. attendance, 23. ; with breakfast 3s. ; full board, 4s, 6d. ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation.

DOSAPIINNA, COUNT]. DONMGFAL—TWO FUR- lib LitSkIED HOURS, beautifully situated, ovezlooking fibeephaven Bay; two rreeptlon, five bedrooms, bath.—Apply to JOAN WILKUPSON, Mulroy, Milford. Co. Donegal.

LARNE, CO-ANTRIM, visitors catexed for, Speciality . Comfortable apartments good cooking. terms 4s rid per day, 25s per week. Inquiries : prompt reply.—Mkk JoHN McNkILL, Victoria place, BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BOARDMAN (formerly Miss Haugh- ton, of Swinton),Lynwood House, 11, Waterloo-avenue, South Shore, four doors from Promenade and near the Man- chester Hotel, Public and private Apartments. Sea view. Piano. Good storage for cyoles.

IT o.l3l.—Mrs. J. SCOWCROFT, late of Calderon le House, has removed to 2, Farnworth House, ;Hutchinson Square (off Broadway), Douglas. APaRTMBNTS. with or without board; terms moderate. Piano Late o; Farnworth. Cable trams direct trout steamer to square.

11310 R DISPOSAL, Good Engineering and Motor Car Build- ..l. ing and Repairing business in Blackpool; about £500. Apply WINST.LNLEY, Park-place, Warrington.

()LD B. TABLISHED GRBEINGROCERY AND PROVI- SION BUSINESS ; takings about £25, Horse Cart and Stock £95. rent 8s 9d weekly, 111-health cause; EKEET, 348, Bodies New-read, Waste, Manchester.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station. through Railway Arch), ALS(.) AT PITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY. ecc. GRAND BARGAINS FOR QUICK BUYERS, PITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE.-HOUSE 4 OF FURNITURE at 15k, 224, 234, 384, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 1,010 guineas, specially augmented in Quality and Quantity of Articles for this Sale, far SURPASS OTHERS- Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE containina 700 designs, priced FIFTY PEE CENT BELOW expensive City firms post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred p.yments ten per cent extra. PITTS'S DINING-ROOM SUITES (Second-band) Magnificent Solid Walnut Suite, in rich Oriental saddlebags, with velvet borders, divan couch, and elegant easy and small chairs. cost £3O, for £l3; massive spoon-back Suite, very fine, heavy frames, in real skins, cost £35, for £l5; grand solid Oak Suite, frames exceptionally heavy and elaborately carved, very uncommon design, coat £4O, for £l7; another similar, In Walnut, £lB. Two hundred to select from: DITTS'S DINING TABLES (Second-hand).- Solid Brown Ash Table, with oval leaves, cost 355, for 16s ; Solid Brown Ash Extending Table, cost £2, for 25s ; another larger, cost £3, for 35s ; splendid solid Oak Table, extending frame, beautifully figured wood, heavy massive legs, Bft., cost £lO. for £5 106 ; another 12ft,, cost £l2, for £9; substantial Dining Table, with pine top and extending screw, cost £2, for 25s ; innumerable Tables, all sizes and designs, in oak, mahogany, and walnut, at exceptionally low prices, up to £5O each; grand value. PITTS'S SIDEBOARDS (Secondhand).- -Handy Sideboard, In walnut, latest design fitted with drawers cupboards, etc., cost £7, for £3 5s ; substantial solid Oak Sideboard, massive and bold, cost £lO, for £5; very special, solid Oak Sideboard, splendid design and workmanship, cost £l2, for £7 ; marvellous Sideboard, very imposing design, cost £2). for £9 ; grand Walnut Sideboard, cost £24, for £l2. Scores to select from up to £5O each. DITTS'S DRAWING-ROOM SUITES (Second- hand).-Artistic Chippendale Suite. Oriental covering, cost £l2 for ES 10s ; Inlaid Mahogany Suite, covered in silk, cost £l6. for £9 ; Chippendale Suite, expensive choice si'k coverinz, cost £2O, for £lO 101 ; exquisite inlaid Rose- wood Suite, of choice :character. latest design, beautifully covered in silk tapestry, cost £25, for £l4 ; elegant I °Ws XV. Suite. In dark Chippendale Mahogany, beautifully covered, cost £35, for £l9, Over a hundred huites to select from, at all prices up to £4O each. )ITTS'S DRAWING-ROOSI CABINETS (Second- hand).-Solid Walnut Cabinet. with carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £5 10s, for £3 ; nicely figured Walnut Cabinet, with marble slab and plate-glass back, coat £7, for £4 ; elegant Chippendale Cabinet, coot £l5. for £7 10s splendid inlaid Rosewood French Cabinet beautiful design, cost £2O, for £8 16s ; exquisite Inlaid Rosewood Cabinet, ex- ceptionally choice design ; would grace any drawing-room, cost £3O, for £l5. Scores of others to select from up to £6O each, 11111 ITTS'S BEDROOM FURNITURE.-(Second- / hand).-Blegant Bedroom Suite, landscape pattern, carved panels and bevelled plates, cost £lB, for £lO ; tasteful Suite in walnut, finely designed wardrobe, with bevelled mirrors, everything complete, large-sized stands and tables, pedestal, rail, chairs, cost £33. for £l5; magnificent Suite of full number of articles, all large, of best workmanship and design, cost £4O, for £18; another similar cost £5O, for £24. A hunched others up to £9O each, Overmantels in infinite variety. Must be promptly cleared out irrespective of profit. Prrrs's RELIABLE CYCLES.-Splendid Selec- don of over a Dozen Different High Grade Makes, all fully guarantee:. Auy tyre fitted. SAMUEL PITTS, ANCHES VER. LONDON-ROAD (Ardwicir and Longsight Oars). GAYTIIOIiN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone, 1,124.

BRATALL Crazy Sllki, 100 for is Id, special offer enclosed, 1 send earIy.—HEWITT, 41, High-street, Rushden. . I 400IIITORT.' Rubber Heel Treads. Gents, 81. ; Ladles 6d. N.J bend size.—Fnosr. Kettering-road, Northampton.

-911 BAD IDNAL HBALTH. by Dr A Bryce. M.D. ; Is net t is lid post.—All booksellers Or HERBERT TERRY a SORB Redditch. VAULKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and Oloyer..—Apply, FAULKNER% Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

BOOKS FOR HANDSRLLIORs. Aucttmseers, btall Bur- poses, Shops. kn., 73wt. bags on rail El.—Lowa, Boois Baporter, Baskerville Hall, Birmingham

UPTUBB. Gentleman, cured himself, will send free I'o particulars of inexpensive self-curative treatment. Stamped address.—Box 72,3 Earle-street, Carlisle. CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety Champion Rangers. Potato Peelers, Shot) on Wheels 100 page List free—SIABBOT'S, Poland-street, Manchester. WALSB TEETH, Jewellery, Gold. Silver BOUGHT: _l2 utmost vame given; pares!' by post, cash per return. --S. FIELD a Co., Jewellers, 76, Alarket-street, Birkenhead.

DIOTCRE POSTCARDS, highly artistic, packet free upon 1 receipt of stamp for postage, supply limited, early application neceesary.—A. 8., Wax Tyre Co., Parkside. Coventry. FCH SALE.—DOG KENNEL, almost new; height 4ft. 61n.; length 4f5. ; tongued and grooved ; cost £2, take £1 ; carriage paid,—Romasox, 144, Lower Audley-street, Blackburn. TENANTS' PlXTURBS.—Outhouses. 601; Greenhouses, 1 701 ; Cycle houses, 34e ; Motor houses, 120.; Poultry houses. 20s Lists free.—HAßßlfioN SMITH, Dollman-street, Birmingham. • HOW to catch ram RATS, BEETLES, Po., without traps or poisoa. Pull printed instructions (copyright) post free penny stamp.—W MUDD, bird specialist, Norwich Mention paper. TO IN OUR PROGRESSIVE HEALTH CLUB.—Perfect el Health and strength guaranteed; ending all expenses of Sickness. Particulars free—S.F., 166, High-street, liar- lesden, Loudon, N.W.

MARBLE TOP TABLES, Ice Cream Freezers, from 6s 6d. All requisites for Confectioners, Grocers, ; Cata- logues free.--Ble.mic. LTD., Shop Fitters, 336, Old-street. Shoreditch. London. IVOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS 2i yds long 3s, 3 yds 11 4s. 31 yds Ss pair ; handsome lace 4 inches wide 2s 93 dozen yds carriage paid, mention paper.—.ALLEN, 30, William-street, Newark.

WANTED all Married Persons to send two stamps and a stamped addressed envelope, for our pamphlet con- taining information of priceless value.—Address THE PELICO CO, Chemists, Taunton.

(Li LADSTONB and KIT BAGS, genuine cowhide; 181 n. 1-1 1611 6d; 20in., 18s 6d ; 22in., 233 6d ;241n, 22e 6d; carriage free.-13iFFEN,IMaker, 77, Albanpetreet, London, N.W. liatablithed 1851.

J ADIES suffering from antemia, shortness of breath, I_J palpitation. indigestion,irregularity or weakness should take Dr Gardner's Golden Pills. 2s 6d per box. 3 boxes 7s. .- KABERRY, The Pharmacy. ffouthport.

ROMS WORK by the quickest, simplest, and latest im- proved HARRISON KNITTING MACH INNS highest wages earned. Lists from HARllfscar Mecum; Co., LTD.. 48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

riIIHIS IS GENUINE DON'T HESITATE SEND P.O. 2e 61 J. for our Beautiful Large Brocade Silk Handkerchief, white or colourel ; satisfaction guarani.eed.—SlLK DEPOT, Stanley-street, Macclesfield.

NETS, MlTS.—Square or diamond mesh garden netting. Rabbit. stack, fishing. pheasant. cricket, lawn tennis and other nets to order. Prices &0., on application. —.J NESS & Co., 12, Sandside, Scarborough

NNTTING. N IiTTING. Rabbit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. Tao:mats jOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporetf on-street, Manchester.

A CERTAIN INCOME may be made by those intereste—d ti In the turf by following my guaranteed system.—Write enclowng stamped addressed envelope for full particulars to CAYTklar B V TLER, 9, Upper Cliff-road, Gorleston.

CASH FOR BRAINS.—' How to make Patents pay." List of inventions wanted; valuable information ; thou- sands making fortunes ; send stamped envelope.—Baelm & Co., Inventors' Ungineers, King's Cross, London, N.

rilo Gain Strength and a lusty glove of health, take our 'special strengthening Wine and herbs." Wonderful effect,' In bottles 39 ed free.—Sold only, by W. T. BROCKLE. anften,Wine Merchant & ffurseryman,Muthin,North Wafes.

KILLHD by SANFOSD'S EAT POlSON.—Narmers $o it is the best ever mei, rats foand dead.—Also poison for dressing Stack for mice and poison for moles, boxes Is 2d, 2s 3d post free.—SANFORD & boN, Sandy, SOH by Chemists.

CIARDEN NETTING, tanned waterproof, small mesh extra quality, as supplied by us ta the Royal Gardens. 8e per 2)0 by 1 yard; any size and cheaper kinds made ; list and samplea free —SPAMIETT AND Co,Net Manufacturers. Lowestoft. IiBUMATISM.—AII kinds speedily Cured. Marvellous IL Discovery, which quickly expels the Poldonous Uric Acid from the blood.—Sufferers write immediately, BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist. 53 btratfora-road, Birming- ham. Advice free.

I_lllll/DENTIAL LIFE POLICY FOR SAL.R.—D tted 1896 £3,000, bonus £447; quarterly premium. Angus t to. £56 12s 6d; surrender value £523; male age admitted 65. October nest; whole lite ; offer wanted. —H PADFIELD, 30, Percy-street Liverpool. ADIRS.—We are clearing out a large stook of Remnants, 14 all full dress lengths of black and navy sergee. cheviots tweeds, Ac, at 6s 9d carriage paid, worth double. Send P 0 at once and secure a bargain,—RAWTHORNE AND 00, Mama. facturers. Ring-street Leeds.

riORRUGATBD SHERT9, from 106 6d per cwt! Wasters k) 9s 6d per cwt; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanisei Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork ; Felts, 3s 9d per roII.—SUMMERHILL it CO., Beaver Works, Wolverbarnpton.

IRDIRRSTION.— TER MBDICAL 111IffORM SOCIETY will send BRICE to all applicants an excellent 13 OTANI° CURB for Indigestion. Biliousness, Liver Uom plaints, Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis.—Address : The Secre— tary BOTANIC INSTITUTE. NOTTINGHAM:

TO BB SOLD.—Farnwortto, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Dual, with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16 Feawick-street, Liverpool.

HOW to make MONEY. Every investor should write for above pamphlet, shewing bow large profits may be made without hazardous risk or speculation and how, by successful investment, £lO can ret urn £2 10, weekly profit. Larger or smaller amounts In proportion.—RlCHAßD BARKER 11, Queen Victoria-street,

HAL LACE—Magnificent Berths, value 2 guineas, for I 213 s 6d ; handsome collars, any shape, and rich ties, 14s 6d, 21s, 27s 6d each Absolutely wholesale prices. Boleros, Mantillas,Fichus, Insertions, Laces. Handkerchiefs ; great bargains. Cash immediately returned if unsuited.—li JAMES, Direct Importer, Gedling, Nottingham,

['MINA AND EARTHENW ARE SECONDS.—China Cups, V Saucers, Bowls Plates,Ju gs. etc., all in good decoration ; is Id per dozen. Handsome Toilet, Dinner, Tel, Breakfast Sets in great variety. Hawkers' Large Cheap °rat e, con- taining about 1,000 Articles, 42, 6d. Write for Lists. tee Beginners' Orate, with Free •.i'ea Sets.—ARTHIIR J. H King-street Pottery, Longton, Staffs. (Mention paper.)

Fro BE SOLD IN LOTS to suit purchasers 4 GOOD 1_ DWELLING HOUSES Nor. 165 to 171 BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON, each containing 6 rooms, scullery and cellar &a. Als-) 4in Hoyle-street adjoining Nos. 7 to 13, eacb containing 5 rooms and scullery &c. Price moderate. Low ground rent. All well let.—Apply Mr. JOHN PEMBER. ToN, 35 W inwick-street, Messrs T and .1 L TUNSTILL and Co. Bewsey Chambers, or to J LONGLARD, bpliCitOr, 2 Egypt- street, Warrington.

HAY AND GRAIN SHEDS, ,TESL AND IRON SHED 62 by 24 feet, lift to Eaves, partly enclosed Price de- livered and erected £95 cash, or three yearly payments £3s' Shed same size lighter make. £B5 cash. or three yearly pay- ments £3l. These sheds are lire-proof, storm-proof and practically indestructible. Save their cost in a few years. On the above deferred payments buyer will save greater part of coot of shed before making last payment and this is pro- bably one of the greatest boons ever offered to agricultu- rists. le-sac Dams AND Co., Windsor Ironworks, edge Hill, Liverpool.

`IOItBS CUB.P.D I Use • Coruelo,' acts like magic. Post 7 N.J stamps. All purchasers receive a present.—E HOWARD, 4 Great Percy-street, London, 50, Pairs real Lace Cuttains. size Mins x 3 yds must k.fr be sold, send 3s 9d sample pair. carriage paid.— HEWITT & Co 23 ttegent-street.PiccAdilly Circus,London B.W

CWARS ! CIGARS. I CIGARS I From 31 inufacturer —to Smoker. Grand value 65 6d 50 sample EXPERT,' Hotel Maple Beckenbaca-road, London. Repeat orders by every post. Agents wanted.

AIRDEN NETTING sm all mesh, 105 yards by 1 ard Wide, 35: by 2 yards wide, 63 ; 111-C1 so on to any width; Carria:o paid on All ord,irs o ver 55.-Irom U JGressos. Garden Netting Works, Rye.

„1 FIRM of Publishers is now open to consider Fietion, LA. [ravel, Plays, Poetry, tfc, for publication in book form, Special facilities fqr young and unknown writers.—C 1:1/04,7h RS Bc. Co., 82 New Bond-street, London.

TOOK 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUCHERS sewn; kJ very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, poet free or bald per pair ; money rFturned it not apprcved of,—H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

QTERILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- L. An Illustrated Edition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; post free 35. Ed,— London : SHELLEY 8c Co., Lim, 38, Gracechurcb-street.

COLLECTOR discontinuing has large selection of entire (used and unused, including many rare ones) to dispose of and will be glad to hear from philatelists requiring same, Want Iles filled as far as practicable.P.o Box 431 Manchester.

IDLANT LIPB.—Do yen want good crops? If so, get a tin of ' Plant Life,' which is the up-to-sate fertiliser. Mar- vellous rwults. For one month we will pay part postage and send large tin for Is post free, Samples free. Write at once. —THE CIIYMICAL CO, Ch Iccmpton, Bath.

JJNIVERSITYBOHOOLSOUTHPORT.-A most successful Boarding School for Boys.—T. Isamtwoon, IVIEWTON-LE WILLOWS.—KIRKFIBLD BOARDING 11 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

HIGH-CL ASS AND SULuniiSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terme Moderate: Splendid Pcsition : Rvery Comfort Apply C. H. HODGSON, MA. (Oxford), Waterloo High School. Blundelleande.

VAIRHAVEN RIGR SCtiOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on-Sea Bracing poeition,seaside.extensive accommodation fligh-olats Modern Education. Staff includes President BA Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams. successes, Principal I Miss MILLEN.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of music,organist and Choirmaster c;:f St. Paul's Church PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE, Warrington. OSBNEATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— XI: Principals Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnasium, great attention to music. a: t, modern languages ; resident gradu- ates and ether mistresses ; recent successes in Lone. Metric Cambridge Locals and Assoc: Board, R A 51, it 0 H. in- clusive terms,

SOUTEWORT MODFRN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER-a. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F R G.S. 37 SUCCESSES AT PUBLIC, EXAMS., 'XMAS. 1901. LARGE RBSIDPINCE NOW BEING ERECTED FOR BOARDERS. SPECIAL ADVANTAGES to Bois entering in SEPTEMBER. when the new residence will be open.

WARRIN GT 0 N GRAMMAR SCHOOL, THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16TH THE HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME TO INTER- VIEW PARENTS, ON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 15TH after 11 a.m. NEW CREMICIAL LABORATORY, AP. PREPARATORY FORX for Boys from 8 to 12 years of age. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATIO'V.

HOHSECLOTHIN G. BEA.UMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED. 26, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons. Travelling Rugs, Bm. Homo and export. Establisbed lal2

MAIL CART, cane ; light tan; 3 positions ; folding shafts; strap springs ; quite new ; 455. ; approval.- 34, Isntalt-RoAD, seaeombe.

rrYltlo9.—New covers is 6d, re-rubbering 4a od.re-lining 2s. 1 FREEMAN AND Co, 126 a, Paddington. Liverpool._ - ---__ GB"'S Safety Pneumatic tyres. Plated rims. Free wheel. Rim brake, £5.-72 CAMBRIDGE-ROAD, London. E.

eiYULISTs WAN'CING 3 mouths riding with once inflat- k.) ing, punctures stopped. porosity cured. tyres kept in splendid preservation 12 months try' Noncompara." Is. 2d. per bottle. 5,000 free to Agents. Particulars enclose stamp. —MESSRS BOOBYER, Lincoln, Agents wanted. - CYCLING 1 I SMITH & CO'S Coronation offer 1000 pairs English new kneumatic gwiranteed Tyres and Tubes, all sizes, fitted Dunlop valves, fit any standard rim Duclop, Clincher, Westwood 254 pair eomplete, after 28 days 30s pair. Cash with order.—BRADSHAW'S-TEnBACE, Sturbeck, Boston, Lincs.

A T HALM PRIOR. OYCLI 3, bankrupt stock. special 11 offer, Lady's or Gents, free wheel, plated rims, front rim brake, detachable pneumatic tyres, mudguards, iin. pitch roller chain, latest improvements price £5 ss, honestly worth £lO. Or wa will send colnplete outfit consisting of lamp, hell, spanner and tyre lever, oilcan, pump, all nickel plated and tool bag 7s. Eld. post paid, worth 15e. Cheques and P.O. Crossed London and South Western BULK. READING AND MUNTAN. 231, Waiworth-road, ondon.

HALL AND CO.. Bank Top Cycle Depot, Blackburn. Makers of THE PILOT CYCLE fitted with rim brake, tree wheel and latest Improvements. Guaranteed two years. Price £5 1611 6d. Carriage paid.

UIiBB—CYCLEs I CYC/L SS 1 Marvellous Bargains I .11 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Accessories. Bargains in- Raffle's and B.S.A. Machines. PROI4 in any address, the most interesting 50 page Catalogue in the trade. Second hand Cycles from 30i. 2,000 New Machines from £2 lie 6d. Plated Rim., Rim Brake, Pree-wheel Machines from £4 10s each. Every class of Machines in Stock. Accessories Halt: price -50 per cent, cheaper than others. Marvellous Bargains; Ageras wante.l; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 50 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested in the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FUER to aII.—WARRILOW DO.. Weston-super Mare.

THE 111 NEST SELEMION OF £lO 10s. CYULES IN LIVSRPOOL. INCLUDING "PRIMER' " GLORIA " AND BAYLIS-TROBIAS. BXORLSIOR, FITTED WITH CLINCHER OR DUNLOP TYRES, FREE W HEELS AND TWO RIM BRAKES. CASH OR GRANUAL PAYMENTS. PRION LISI FILER. (1 SLADE AND lja, b 7, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

• T -11 TRES ! YRES !! TYRES!!! DETAcHABLN NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and best cover in the trade ; us 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber Ts each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. lies:, price given for waste rubber. d POLLARD & (JO., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVISRPOOL.

JAPANESE SILK SLIPS. 1 11 SALE PRICE 33 .1120 EACH White and Self-coloured Washing Silk SLIPS. tucked and trimmed lace insertion. Worth be Ha each. SALE RUCH 48 11D EACH. White and Floral Coloured Washing Silk SLIPS, beauti- fully tucked and trimmed lace, with transparent yokes, . Usual price 7s lid each. frf., SALE PRICE U S _LID EACH, Grass Lawn SLIPS, really choice goois, beautifully tueked and trimmed, lace front, back and sleeves. Worth 128 65 Superior-qualify Washing Silk sups, io White only. . handsomely trimmed Lace in white, cream, or Paris Shades. ) Worth Its 9,1 each. CHILDREN'S SUIRTF.... 3 SALE PRICE 18 1-1 V4D EACH. Children's Superior-quality Print SHIRES, sizes 12 to 13 neck. These goods are a'l Amarican tailor-made, and perfect fitting. Usually Is lid each. SALE PRICE 15 62D EACH. Best-quality American Tailor-made Print, Ddll, Zephyrs and Pique SHIRES, perfect fitting, in stripes, self-colours. and white, all handsomely tucked fronts, sizes 12 to 13-inch neck, Usually 51 Ild each. GIRLS' AND BOYS BLOUSES. kJ ALE PRICE 921) EACH. Blue and White Striped Washing Print B _OUSE, with Sailor dollar, all sizes. Usually Is flid. 1 L./ALE PRICE 15 0 V2O BACH. Blue and White Check Haircord Zephyr BLOUSES, with Sailor Collar, all sizes. Usually 25 Navy Blue Drill BLOUSES, with striped Sailor Collar, large and small sizes. Usually 2s 11d. 1 SALE PRICE is 1120 EACH. Best Quality White Drill BLOUSES, with inserted Needle- work Collar, all SIZNI. Usually 2i LBl SALE PRICE 2s v2O EACH. Blue and Grey Striped Drill BLOUSES, superior quality handsomely-trimmed Collar and Cuffs, with white braid and needlework. Usually 3s lid. B. TUNICS. 41%) SALE PRICE G S 62D EACH. rICVERY SPECIAL.—Boys' Holland or White Heavy Drill TUNICS. with Sailor Collar, Belt, and Packets all sizes. Usually 45 lid each. SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY. SALE ON MONDAY NEXT, AND THE FOLLOWING DAYS AT HENRY MILES AND COMPANY, MILLINERS AND FANCY:DRAPERS, "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE," 25 AND 25A, CHURCH-STREET, AND 8, WILLIAMSON-STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-LIATHEDRAL), LIVERPOOL, TELEPHONE No. 7385.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNE,rs. CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLATULENCE AND HEARTBURN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARK A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE As A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OF APPETITE. CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF TN& Br 00D, CURB LASSITUDE AND NIIRVOUSNESS.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prep ired only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLAOIL LONDON, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Medicine instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which 1* wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

EVERYBODY GO F.S TO MILLER'S WHEN TREY REQUIRE MEDICINES. SICK ROOK REQUISITES AND TOILET ARTICLES, because they find the best stock and the best quality at prices below what is charged elsewhere for second rate articles. DOCTORS SEND THEIR PATIENTS TO MILLER'S because they can rely upon THEIR PRESCRIPTIONS BEING ACCURATELY DIE- PBNSED WITH THE VERY BEST DRUGS OR TAINABLE. NIOTHERS GO TO MILLER'S BECAI7SE THEY FIND the best stock of INFANTS FOODS androther things Baby requiries. THE PUBLIC COME TO MILLER'S because they know that every effort is made to meet their individual wants and no trouble is too great so long as the customer goes away satisfied. MILLER, CHEMIST, 771 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE EXAMINER. JULY 25th. 1902

I

I

I

I

I

I

1

WARRINGTON UNION.—APPOINTVENT OF REGISTRAR AND VACCINATION orrlcica. The GUARDIANS INVICE APPLICAfIONS for toe OFFICE OF ERGISTRAR of BIRIIIS and DEATEIS for the District of Penke,h, comprising the Townships of Pen- keth, Cuerdley, Great Sankey and Burt,uwood ; also for the Office of Vaccination Officer for the same Distric, and the Townships of Newton and linydock. The average amount of fess tor each °fans with any other particulars, may be ascert dried at my alba. The app3int• ments will be joint or separate as the Guardians may deter- mine. For Registration purposes residence will b 3 required at a central point of the Registration Di,triet. Applications with copies of not more then three recent testimonials may be sent to me on ar before Monday. August 11th. By order JA ARS C. surroN. Union Clerk, Bewsey Chambers, W'arringtoo. July 25th, 19j2.

9/0 PER lAPERIAL QUA RT (Bormse INCLITHED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON 1313,03, wINH 20, RENSHAW STEVIE I', LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) KENRICK THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Cl OTYLE, Flr, AND REASONABLE CHARGFIS.

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY JULY 25 1902 HAVE YOU SECURED ONE OF THOSEI 25 8-GUINEA CYCLES t 4) ADVERTISED LAST WEEK P 1 1 IF NOT, APPLY AT ONCE ITO - .____ --' _—,ll le \ m, ri BELLIA. \ , W . no " 3 r 115, SANKEY ST., WARRINCTON. ),----i , See these Cycles in the Window.

CRICKET. CRicKETERs Bussuv's Demon Driver Bats ars th grandest made BUSSEY'S New Niatch Bails retain their shape, and last longer than any others. BUSSEY'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. Bueatly's B %Wag Glov, ara far superior'to the usual class. BussEY'S Bags are made to wear. Busa.nr's Diary and Companion is a Gem for 61. Apply for RUSSEY'S CeftingtlEl from Local Soorts Outfitters. 38 and 38, Queen Victoria-street, London. Factories Peckham. London and Elmswell, Sunllc. (3).

PENKETH v Fxturrtmo•—Played at Penketh on Saturday and resulted in a win for the home team by 47 runs. Score:— PENICs TH. FAIRFIF:LD. W Crosskill c Price b Nield 0 J Ball b Crosskiil 3 J Ray c and b Nield ...... ... 2 N Niehi c Warburton b II Warburton b Steel l4 Houghton J Dodds Ben b Brandreth... 2 F Norman hit wkt b B Singleton b H Whittle... 14 Houghtoa Foster b Brandreth 6 J ti W Steel lbw b 1 H Singleton a and b H Singleton Whittle ....... ............... .. I NG Br sndreth b Criosskill 1 W S Knowles run out A Hodgkinson lbw b Steel 4 J Burley b Crosskill 3 IR Houghton run out l3 H Whittle b Crosskill 7 B Boardman run out 3 W Whittle run out R Field c Ray b Crosskill 1 Extras l7 Extras ..,„ 6 Total CROsPIELD'S IST V. HAYDOCE LODGE —This match was played at Haydock Lodge on Saturday, and reaulted in a win for the borne team by 45 runs. Score : aRoSFIELDS. HAYDoCK LODGE. 4 Podmore (capt) b A Dr Cobban c Podmore b Roberts T Dixon c Roberts b Scott 13 J Barraclough cJ Dutton E W Warren c Mawdslay b b Spensley 2 A Roberts A Dutton a J Lowe b Scott 18 A Hughes b Spensley ... 0 J Marshall run out 1 A Roberts b Spensley 5 J Dutton lbw b Roberts . 6 John Lowe c J blotto:1 b , H Ford b Roberts 5 Wright [C Dickenson b Roberts W Spensley cJ Lowe b Scott 4 E Webb b Warren ... ..... I I 4 0d Wright not out .... W E Clegg b Scott 0 Podmore T Scott not out Jim Lowe b Warren 1 L Extras Extras Total , lO Total . 60 105 iotaLESTOwN v LIVERPOOL.—PIayed at Itarleatown on Saturday. Score : E ARLESTOWN. LIVERPOOL 3 Miller a Leather b Barker 84 H C Harrison st Greenall J li Alderson c Garnett b b Davies Hannay W H Crowther a Hughes b Davies l9 Harrison..... l9 A K Hannay b Davies W Morse lbw 0 Harrison... 2 E A Kidman not out 2l W Rylance c Hughes b T H Hugh -s lbw b Harrell 8 Hannay 4 A K Hughes a Miller b 3 F Reads c Kidmau b Burrell 2 Hannay lB G Leather not out J. Burrell °Hannay b Baker 7 E I Bingham, E H T A Limond c Hughes b Garnett. F J Goodacre, Hannay l9 Baker did not bat H Davies b Baker C W Emmett not out G Greenall b Baker 2 Extra Total 182 Total for 5 wkts lOl NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS 2ND v AIGBLIRTH 2ND.—Played at Aigburth on Saturday. Score : NEWTON. AIGBURTH. HR Hlndley b Robertson... 4 Miller c Swestlove b J Pendry b Robertson ...... 32 Hindley A Harrison b Rob ,rtson ... 1 Morton run out J Harrison b Robertson ... 4 Hay run out l5 J Sweetlove b Lloyd 0 P Robertson c Sweetlove d Wilkinson c Riley b Hay 30 b F Harrison 8 W Herring b Povey A Pendry b Hay 47 J. Riley bH It Hindley... 7 F Gee b Hay R Banks b Hay ("Atchley not out 4 H Bell b Wilkinson l2 R W Povey not out 3 B Lloyd not out 0 G II Mossop did not bat Extras lO Extras 1 Total 141 Total NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS v AIGBUBTH.—PIayed at Newton onl Saturday. Score 1 NEWTON. AIGBURTH. WV Turton b Pearson 62 H Pearson a Rylance b S Henderson std Franklin Hoists b Pearson F E Huish b Pearson C J Goodall a Johnson b W Hammond b Hutch Pearson 6 a Johnson a Williams b H Hylance run 0ut.... ...... W H Hindley b Johnson... 13 A Faulkner a Carson b T Butler not out l6 Huish R Carson c Grave b Brans- J Grave b Hoists combe l3 It Wilde aC W Wadley b T Cooke not out 0 Huish T Williams did not bat—. 0 0 C Cottier not out ...... C W !Dudley did not bat... 0 3 Ransconabe c Turton b Rylanee T Franklin run out 5 G Anderton not out... Extras l7 Extras 0 Total for 7 wkts ...192 Total 104 LLTVFoRD BAPTIST (2ND) V. WIDNES WESLEY GUILD.— The above match was played at Widnes on Saturday. Scores: —Widnes Wesley Guild, 33; Latchford Baptist 2nd, 54.

THE GREAT AUSTR kLIA.N REMEDY YITAD A TIO A BAD CASE OF STRICTURE !CURED. Dear Sir.—lt is with the greatest pleasure that I testify to the great good I have received front Webber's VITADATIO." Having suffered from stricture for a long time, tried other remedles.which only partially relieved me. I then went into the Hospital but left uncured, with the catheters to use, that being the beet they ;could do, unless they oper- ated on me ; and, as they told me. at my time of life (Lam 65 years of age) it would bee serious thing. Having seen one of your pamphlets with a core of a similar case, I determined to try the remedy. Having taken 10 bottles of Webber's " VITADATIO" am now happy to say that I am thoroughly mere. and heve dispensed with the catheters After taking the third bottle I was able to thspense with the instruments of torture and follow my usual employ- ment All my friends are surprised at the great improvement in my appearance. as not only having been cored of above, am much better in health gener- ally. Hoping this will meet the eyes of some poor , suffering ones.—l remain, yours truly. THOMAS MALBY, 23, Journal Buildings, Liverpool. March, 1900. VITADATIO is a tonic and cleanses the blood so that disease cannot exist in the healthy system. Previous to my arrival in England VITADATIO had been sent here from Australia. and some cures were effected. Copies of all testimonials received In England no to date will be sent to any address free lor may be seen on application to the need Office. VITALI/ATI° can now be purcuasei from 9.11 CHEMISTS, GROCERS, AND DEALERS If/ MEDICINES throughou) Great Britain, at REPUTED QUIRTS, 48 lo: REPUTED PINTS. 2s 9D, HEAD OFFICES AND WAREHOUSE FOR GREAT BRIAIN S. A. PALMER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET (OPPOSITE JOHN NOI3LE LTD.). MANCHESTER.

WRIGHT 9 S Protects from Infectious Diseasei4 COAL TAR SOAP IS THE ORIGINAL 0 ONLY GENUINE, a Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. REFUSE A' IMITATIONS.

TABLE RAILWAY 111781 E JULY. FROM WARRINGTON A(A.JII grldle-7 to, 7 40, 8 23, 10 20, 15 5, 15, 255 5 50,5 25,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. al( six and Hillho4se -7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, 13 30. a 40, 6 15, a 15,55 a 9 25. Sun iays 931 25.95. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. b 323,710, 9,45 1157 5, 25, 520,720 1134. Sundays 2 58. 10 15, 45,11 35 aMondays exdepted. bMondays only. Birmingham (IYLidland)-5 51.19 58, 11 55,:12 55, 3 7, 5 22 6 55, Sundays 11 55 a.m. 4 20,515 p.m Blackburn -545,835. 956. 11 42 la 15. 4 50,6 26,8 50. Sundays 843, ad 35,2 3.a via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42. al 15, Ps:), ,1 50,9 26 7 17, 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 8 43. 3 35,6 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. Bolton- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15. 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 17, 9 20, Sundays 343 a.m. .5 15. 858 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 545. 956 11 42. at 15, 4 50,63 55. Sundays 3 35,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays bSaturdays accepted. Chestet-7 37, 8 17,9 2,10 23. 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2,20 19,4 22,57,6 4,7 44,10 14,11 35 Sundays 8 44,10 36,7,45,11 35. Collins Green-7 5. 85, 825. 10 10,12 7, 2 35, 3 40, 5 is, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25. 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-6:2 68,13 23, 7 10, 8 28. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 5 20,7 20, 1134. Sundays 258, 10 15,4 5.11 35. aMondays ' excepted. bllondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 92, 12 25. 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5 51, 8 46,9 58, 11 55,12 55, 313. 417 5 22,6 55, Sundays all 68 am,a 420,5 15 p.m a stop when required Barlestom n-5 45, 75, 8 5,8 25,8 35, 926, 10;10.1055, 11 55 12 7, 1 15,2 35,3 40 3 50, 5 15, .f 33,7 a " 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 13,a.m.5 10,6 0.7 57,9 b 4 Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25. 945 11 53,1 55 3 20,515, 6 17.7 41, 9 48. Sundays 9 5. 2 40, 8 0. Frodsham-7 37. 9 2 1023, 1225. 220. 3 15, 4 22, 57, 6 4 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 P.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-? 15. 757. 835.9 5. 10 5 12 0 15. 2 10, 4 0 529 75, 85, ,69 51, dlO 35. 11 39 Sunday 9, 955, 11 22, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only as aturaays exegpted. Glasgow-5 27 ' 9 57,11 42.11 55, al 15 4 509 55 Sundays 954 leaves 2 10 on Saturday. Golborne-5 45. 75.8 35, 1055. 11 55, 1 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 17 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Rough Green-7 12, 82, 8 31, 10 5. 12 0, 1 2 10,4 0.5 29 6 16,75, 715,8 0,9 25,b 9 40.a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 9 31,11 22,239. 918. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 45, 10 14. 316. 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 53, 10 49. 12 36, 1 14. a 2 P 3, 3 38. 4 11.5 18,6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays 850, 38, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I,a 5 256. 75. 85, 825 9 25,10 55, 127 2,35 340 5 15, 633, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5.5 30, 836. 8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60. 9 54. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Milan lays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 SO, 825, 109 11 53. 155. 320,6 15, 6 17,7 41, 9173. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 82, 95, 1026. 120. 117, 2 10,2 21, 3 18, 40. 5 55,:8 5, 911, 11) 30.11 20 11 39. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 3, 9 55.11 22,2 20,2 39, 7 10, 8 23, 9 18 10 20, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London IL. &N. W.)-2 586, a 3 23, 7 10, 828, 9 45,10 20. 1157, 15,2 J. 5 20, 11 34. tundays 2 58.10 15,4 5,11 35, 5111ondays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 65, 3 14a, 5 22, 6 55, Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays only. Lvmm (From Arpley Station.)-6 20, 7 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.955 10 49,12 36. 1 14, a 2 23.3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 6 13, 78, ra 45. 9 27 Sundays 860, 3 8,8 12. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 5 45, 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25,10 45,10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35. 332. 4 26 . 5 32. 6 43 727, 8 8,9 20. 1033. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60, 757 858 1-0111 High Level Platform. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 94, 958. 1049. 1 14. 3 38. 411. 613. 78, 927, 11 40, Sundays 8 48, 3 8, 812,11 42 I Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,7 55. 8 2,8 55, 98,9 55 10 55 11 23,11 55, 1255, 155,2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 6 55, 7 10,7 55, 813, 8 55,9 15, 955, all) 2, all 15, 511 49, all 57, Sundays 845, 937. 10 14 30, 315,515,718,855 9 25 9 35 10 0. a Saturdays only, bSaturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 40, 10 20. 2 55. 636.7 20. No Sunday trains Moore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,2 55,5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows- 63 10. 545,7 5,8 5, 2 35,a9 19, 10 10 10 40, 10 55 11 55, 12 7,12 18,1 15, 2 59. 3 32, 3 50, 4 26, 450. 515, 643,117 9 20, 9 55.10 30. Sundays 3 le, 740. 8 43 a in 3 35. 5 15.6 0.767 858,9 54a via Kenyon bblondays excepted Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 1220. 1 40,3 56 6 28, 7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45.10 14. 344.5 15. 935 Preston-5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 42, 11 55, bl 15, 350 4 60, 6 26 7 17, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 ,43. 335 60, 9 54. aSaturdays only. Sleeves at 210 on Saturdays. Runcorn-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109. 155. 320, 515. 6 17, 7 41. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 82. 9 5, 10 5, 11 5. 12 0 1 5 2 10,2 58, 4 0. 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 8 5, 9 25, a 9 40 510 35. Sundays 9 O. 11 22, 2 39, 9 5, 9 18 aSaturdays excepted bSaturdays only, (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Mid:and) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 20, a 5,3 13,4 17. 6 55. Sundays 937 a m 5 15, a Tuesdays and T 1165 rsdays only. St Helens-? 5, 85, 8 25. 11 .0,10 55. all 53, 12 7 al 55, 2 35 3 40. 5 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40. 9 25, 10 30 Sundays 835.3 43 a 9 5, a 2 40, 6 o,aB 0, 954 a via Widnes Southport (Cheshire Lines) -7 15, 3 31, a 4 39, 11 2, 1 25 3 30, 40,5 33 6 15,7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 9 5, a Saturday only. Thelwall-From Arpley Station. 6 15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 4,9 58 1049, 1236,1 14. aL 43,3 38, 4 11, 618, 613. 78, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 613 a Saturdays only. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95 15 5, 11 5, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 529, 6 15, 75,8 5, 925, a 8 40, 510 35. Sun- days 90, 9 31, 239. 9 18, 10aSaturday; excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 5 15,6 17, 7.40, 948. Sundays, 95, 2 40, 80. Wigan- 5 20. 5 45, 7 5, 8 33, 9 56, 10 55.11 42,11 55, 1 15 a 2 10 2 69, 3 50,4 50, 5 15. 6 25.7 17.8 50.9 40,9 51. Sundays a 43, 3 35. 6 0. 955. a saturdays only TO WARRINGTON FROM. ' Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 40, 862. 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 720 3S Sundays 7 55, a m 4 42 p m. Altcar and Hillhouse-11 24, 12 44, 2 12. 42, 4 13, 5 55, 7 19, 8 24, alo 17, Sundays 920, 2 21, 8 22. aSaturdays excepted. Birmingham (L. &N. W.)-3 10,5 5017 20 SRIO, 1225, 2 0 3 35 a 4 406 50,7 25.9undays 310. 12 40,7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42. 850 11 48, 2 23, p 45,7 15,10 34 11 25. Sunday 4 15, am4o. 11 25 p.m. 331ackburn-3 30.10 43. 12 30.1 55, 34?, 7506 9 5, alo lb. Sundays, 8 042 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston Blackpool (Talbot Road) -8 5, 8 45. 9 55, 10 40. 11 40 1 40 3 15. 6237 0,100. Sundays 7 2, 1 35 5 12, 7 37. Blackpool (Central) -7 25, 8 25,8 57.10 0.10 21,11 25, 1 5 2 55,4 58 6 50, 815. Sundays 6 45. 1184 57,8 45. Bolton-5 55, 640 7 55, 835, 9 10, 10 25. 12 10. 25, 415 5 s 0.5 ,r sui 803n51y,a. 0050. Sundays 815 a.m., 65, 925 pan 6 40.8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40. 4 22, 555 8 , 1 50, M 41.aonlays / excepted. 4am- -5.. 940, 10 12, 10 40, 11 40. 1 55. 2 10, 3 0 IC4ctaesist ess, niredia 7 81221525 v ,a:B5 f3sastou,rsdlaoy,s 15. 6 35, 7 35,8 10,8 60,SundaYs 2 32,4 30,6 31.7,6 55 Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 10 24, 11 23, 1 38. 2 10, 35. 4 1. 5 38, 623. 6 36,7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 8 lea.m. 7 15.P.m• Crewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 ?,2, 11. 6, 11 31, 2 23, 315 415 545 8 40, 85, 90. Sundays 4 55, 7 10, 245 4 10, 9 2') Daresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 18. 2 52, 5 53. 8 48. Sundays 7 21. m, 72 1425, pim3s.„ 10 30, 112. 3 30,74 47, 75 823 930, Sundays 1 25. 7 30, 6 22, 6 55. alforcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 58. 713. 846, 915, 945, 10 26, 11 26 9. 1 42 2 13 314. 515. 5 52, 630 7 33, 8 8 9 20210 36 a 12212.015 stmciays 8 .33.9 52.9 57,10 0.3 45,7 24a Saturdays o,lly. Fiddler's Ferry &IPenketh-7 12, 855. 945,12 3, 29. 327 7 55 91.101, 11 1, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 657, 31 Sundays 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. 5 r60d2811.6ara54-, 9 14. Sundays 8 22,2 57. 82. F 4, Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 28, 7 54, 90, 9 50,10 48 12 0 552 IL 3 2. 4 49. 56. 556, 651. 724 9 1 Sunday, 554,1. 001. 045 Sundays 50. 9 5.13 n 2 5 Golborne-6 44. 8 26. 10 12, 12 27 2, 41, 4 36 5 30 7 12 9 9;11) 42 Sundays 9 40. 75. 093g100,,82_43.00. 03.29,04.2401..655551.. 98 8 23,9 20, 3 23 1,11,13g.13,G7re.7eni1-i.77 4358,:: 98 1105., 9 9,, alnOda37, 610 65. 1.9 1 30, 4 9 10. 21.011.116, 1 20. al 45. 211 8 Irlam and Cadishead (Central) -7 359 53,13 50 4 59, 50 11 20 LatchfordSu n da y 5911046.99. 460593.2806106 20, 30. 422, 65 41.8 7, 6 49,7 31,4 32. 1127. Sundays 8 23 33,7 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Barlestown)-62 45. 6:3,1 50. 80. 835.9 25 110. 16. 130, 3 0,40 4 50, 5 35.17 5,8 25, bll 15. Sunday 7 30,9 20. 6 30, aMondays only. Haturclays only. Via Widnes (L. & NW.)-6 23, 3 10. 95. 9 59, 12 25, 125 2 35.3 35 4 20, 6 20,6 5,8 30, 10 45, Sundays 7 35, 2 0. 715 10.45. Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-5.20. 7 10, 735,13 20, 8 31, 3 33 8 40 9 34 9 35 10 30, 11 15,11 20,11 30. 11 50 12 30. 1 0.1 30 1 33.1 55 2 30, 2 50 350 a 30, 455 5 30,5 36, 6 35.730, 830. 8 33 9 30,11 40 Sunaays 7 50.90. 2 30.250 420630,810.835 London (L & N W)-5 15 7 10, 10 25 12 15, 215 4 5.. 5 33 12 U Sundays 10 0,5 30, 12 0. London(ldidland)-5 1510 11, 12 31, 2 0 4 0. 7 55,5 30,0 43 9 15 1215. Suva V 5 3 15, 12 0. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 8 32, 9 14, 9 52, 11 8, ill, a 137 25, 257 t 14,55 33,5 19, 6 41, 7 26, 9 33,11 19. Sundays 8 15 2 2) 7 15 a Saturdays only bSaturdays exee stet Manchester (L & N.-W.)-7 45, 13 5, :8 30, 9 5, 9 40 10 45 12 10.16. 1 35,2 40, 3 45. 4 20, 5 15. 60. 75,80, 920. 10 40 Sundays. 8 0, 8 30, 7,9 0,10 0, 60,10 40 Manchester (London-road)-7 25.7 59,9 25,13 35, 11 351 5 IC. 340, 65 5, 5 20, 65, 6 50, 855. 0046 Sundays 730 14 830 Haturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 930 9 38, 1030. 1035, 1130.12 30, 1280 1 3), 2 30, 3 30. 430, 440, t 30, 630, 638. 730 8 30, 8 35,10 0, 11 0. Sunday 9009 5,930. lo 50.1 40. 20. a 6,6 358 30,9 40. a Monday, Wednesdays and Saturdays only Middlewich-6 48, 239 66. No Sunday trains. Moore-6 56,9 6. 11 9.12 14.3 53,5 0,7 33.9a0 tava.B 119, 458 Newton-6 55.7 25.8 42. 9 8.9 29, 10 9,10 22,11 8, 12 40 1 58, 3 7,4 7,4 48 5 10, 535 5 49, 627, 7 30. 8 0,9 15, 955 11 4, a,ll 47,8undays 8 3). , 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20 11 5 aSaturdays only Sankey-7 65, 8 28, 9 37, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36.1 32 140 2 40, 3 43, 4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 26, 726, 8 6 9 32. all 50 Sundays 8 3210 3 37. 5 7, 9 28. aSaturdays only Sheffitl4-8 25. 11 5, 155, 5 5.6 55, a 8 35. Sundays, 8 10 6 10 Saturdays only. St. Helens-6 20 655, 80. 8 23, 9 0,11 10, 1121,1 25 1 45, 2 52, 4 30, 5 25,6 10. 6 55, 7 25, 3 50 10 3), a 1_ 2) Sunday 7,50,9 35,6 65,9 5.a Saturdays only Southport-8 5,8 55, 1010,11 5.1 e 25, 1 53, 2; 50, 3 55. 533 7 0,8 5,a3 5 10 0. Sundays, 90, 2 0, 8 0, a saturdays only. Thelwall-8 10, 8 36, 918, 9 58, 11 12. 115, at 41, 29, t 5. 4 22,55 37. 63. 6 45, 7 37, 93'?, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, 429. 719. aSaturdays only, b9aturdays excepted. , Wigan-633. 8 15,9 26, 9 e 6, 10 0, It 22, 12 15, 1 45, 230 I 4'e 7. 25. - 56. 520.75. 90. 10 30.

QUARTERLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON FOR QUARTER ENDING 30 CH JUNE, 1902. Durirg: the quarter the following births and deaths, were reerstcreo : Warrington registration district : births, 598 ; deaths 272. The excess of births over deaths was 326. The birth rate was equal to 363 per 1,000. The death-rate from allcauses was equal to 16 5 per 1,000 against 163 that of the previous quarter. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to .6 per 1,000, against '9 the rate of the previous quarter. The ages of mortality were:- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 op. Total. 79 31 12 12 98 40 272 The deaths included :—Scarlet lever, 2 ; irfluenza, 6; whooping cough, 5 ; diphtheria, 1 ; croup, 1 ; enteric fever, 3 ; diarrhcea, 1 ; phthisis, 19 ; other forms of tuberculosis, 10 ; cancer, 9 ; alcoholism, 2 ; old age, 26; cirrhosis of liver, 4 ; accidents. 9 ; all other causes, 174. The following eases of infectious disease have been reported daring this week :—h'carler fever,47;dipbtheria. 8 ; enterio fover,*B ; erysipelas. 30 ; phthisis, 15. J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health. CHARGE AGAINST MR. E. L. FLEMING IN NEW YORK: Invoicing Borax as Soda. A " Central INews " telegram states that Mr Ernest L Fleming, of Weaverharn, Cheshire, expor- ter of washing crystal., was charged at New York on Thursday last week with falsely invoicing borax as soda. He was remanded on bail in .Csoo.The duty on imported borax is ten times as much as the duty on soda. Most of our readers will remember Mr Fleming as the manager for Messrs Bishop and Company, Limited, and secretary to the Municipal Non-Trading Committee.

THE WATER DIFFICULTY. An Ample Supply. The temporary pump which was got to work last week end at the new wells in Delph-lane has been pumping continuously during the past week and the result is that the height of the water in the reservoir at Winwick has risen from 5 feet to 16 feet. A second temporary pump arrived yesterday from Messrs Simpson and Company's works and it is expected that it will be at work early next week. The Corporation will then have a temporary plant at Delph-lane capable of pumping one million gallons per day. This additional supply will be ample to meet all requirements. The permanent plant will be ready for use before the close of the year

SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It cures painful. smarting, nervous feet, and Ingrowing nails, and 1,. stantly takes the sting out of corns and bunions. It's the greatest comfort discovery of the age. Allen'e Foot-Ease makes tight or new boots feel eaSy. ft Is a Certain cure for sweating, callous, swollen, hot, tired, aching feet. Try it to-day. Of all Chemists and Stores. Price la. lid. Accept no substitute. Sent jest f,. fqr la. lid. Trial Package FREE. Address, Allen S Oimstak. • Southampton Row, London. W.C.

FOR PILES, Itching, Blind or Bleeding. Nothing cure so magically as Dr Richardson' remedy, rapid, reliable relieving pain and bearing down feeling. Post free is lid., from fru Lanortaxonv,Raby-street, Mancheste —Advt. For the past quarter of a century there has be«n continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wondorful cures effected by CLARICWS WORLD.FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood P,,rifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy. Rcze:r a, Bad Legs,Skin and Blood Diseases. Pimples, and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle, beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advert. 6. FLOBILINEI—ro THE 'TEETH AND BREATH.— Thoroaglay cleanses the teeth from all parasites or Impurities, harden the gums, prevLnts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breatb. Price ?a. 64. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline ",Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers. drt VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE your hair is RtagElvEng.refyoroirts.whililteroosritfilleilnygroasfftoursee, tnla every r Ey XcI.C.AeN, greyH A roßr white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we las promoting the growth. Price .3e 6d per bottle.— d To blendEßS.—mrs. Wins low's Soottaing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their ahildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural (inlet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as b-ight as a button." Of all Chemists is lkd per bottle. Advt. CLARICE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Paine In the back. Free from Mercury. Bstabli shed upwards of 30 ye,tris. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland:lCounties Drug Company. Advt.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINCS. English and Foreign Picture names. Every requisite for the trade. Regildir,g a Speciality, Largest Stock o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN COK. New Edition, thlroughly revised and enlarge.. to 150 pages, JUST PUBLISHED. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Pose Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Gioss. Giass.S'toclz lists free on application. MORELL, 17 aqd 181 CREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address: —.6 Rahhitry, Loniod.'

THE BEST VOIR INFANTS Manufactured by SAVORY & MME, ..-01:7:?x', 7 • 77 NEW BOND STREET, LONDON. - ro_ INF ,i)A4111M10 PI ------f>IO,I3ESTFOODiORIN' Chemists to Vie King. :v , • , . OA! In Tins, 1/-, 21-,51-, 10/-, Everywhere. 1:4

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ONE BOTTLE CURED 1! IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS aGONE. 58 Northumberland-street, North-street, Poplar, 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901. Sir,-1 have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed, cured me. I have not taken any for twc years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when! was taken with it again in the arm and It has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three ot your Pills and in recommended them to all soy friends.—Yours sincerely, two hours all pain was gone. I have recommended them to }M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly Pnialtivr A EADE'S GOUT PILLS ADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate:all iajurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, "eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. Sold! everywhere in bottles, 19 ltd. and 23 9d.. or sent Soldlevery where in Bottles, le lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P. 0. by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, Goawell-road,:London. GEORGE:EADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE S GOUT & RHEUMATICIPILLS

pioLaSTEEL IforL.dieS. plias A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDING BITTER APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, !&c." ,Price els. 6d. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

MERRY WE ATHERS' ---r-,,,,r.L,i ...._ *. /7-"N\ip-----7, .A-A,------er ~,,; va.„,<;,,,,,,,,,,,,,) ~,,,, V*,, „Linvi',,,,.,'''(4 ''''o4*... ..,....0' ' ''.. -'&'-'l-§V'';11'.,,,\%••,........;.,,,, ' " .- "H I G . -;c,;,,,.f,t,i4.,.?, CLASS .GARDEN HOSE 63 LON ACRE—L.-0140PN. LARGEST MAKERS' OF4IOI-1 , CLASS HOSE 11\1„.1.4q*AVW

tens wonderful water proofer for I 9 BOOTS & HAS NESS. Sof- es and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHEST n AWAnDs. i. p 1I n Z de2rs,..66die'r' 4s 6 s, EIro7)::f oin Bcerh"i s h London. e

HAVE you A BAD LEG With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. peroao surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have pois.ou that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are as, ollen, the joints being ulcerated.the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis. coloured, 0: there may be wounds; the disease, it 111:.0W0d to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended carious hospitals and Lad medical advice and been told your casein hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but uo not, for I can cure you. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no mason I should. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to It. W. ALBERT, 73; I'a rringdon-stre et. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pills, which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncies, Poisoned Hands, lint Bunions. illegisteredeopyright.i

1514 A 1.05 s G .6.UT lIIAIL FOR GOUT. RHENWATISM, SCIATICA. 1,15113AG0 The excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Sale, effective. All Chemists and stores at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. - ylMamiselloo' eahaties or'nf *to-, CURES when all other Remedies fail. IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens awl Removes alrhard caliot.ities on the soles of the,feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. BEEMAN & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

9 y PILLS* CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 333, Oxford Street), London.

Bi D'S 4. LI STA'D POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable di et for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

COFFEE ES-•'..j LIN OE .41 I -44 0.0 e 4 ',INC-I(4P 4.;;;;It• •••!71:1171.' CMEMISTS PDCoffee. Coffee &Chicory A STIMULANT! A RESTORATIVE! A CORRECTIVES lisr REFUSE ALL OTHERS. -1110

SHAW'S: GIFT This handsome BLOUSE FIR• In order to clear out the remainder of a Bankrupt Stock of Costume Cloths, 0,.......: . we vill send a Tailor-made Costume 11.114 . Skirt in Navy or Black, for the small sum of 5/. . sh. or two for 9/b. Cagiage paid on all Two for v ~., , v :., ' • oods and vre will ', . include with each Skirt, Carriage pa id '' :.!';•.: '. free of all charge, a handsome Sllkette Blouse, with a detachable col- :-.....4 fp, col- lar, equal in appearance to 1,:;.,,,,% 1,1/ ti/ i , q silk, and wear --, POf ~ lying twice as ' ' 1 /jai long. These Skirts are cut in the iig / / very Latest Fashion. SEND AT :4: r/ ii, ONCE, in order to secure this great ° K , , , bargain, as after present stock is ' v d/ / ,/ exhausted this offer cannot be 'j R ,':' 1/I '4,/,, . ~ repeated. Money returned if not 4 I '1,4 I satisfied. ADDRESS „ / A 4„, . //' ~/i A fp,* SHAW & Co. , / ~ /* a ",, , „ i s. / , A 4,1 /* k t THE LONDON TAILOR ID OPL 6 , Love lane, Wood Street, London, EX',

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND TowLE,s P E N sY TR EO EY LA L PILLS FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS 80 PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1/1i &29 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T`. TOWLE dt Co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. or I-mita/ions. injurious and trorlidess.

81mia18/67 I have supplied the trade with , ENGLISH Garrunra Efains-srana Error-ma Laves Warcruis, made in my own factory with the most up-to.clate appliances, of the best WATCHESAT material, by experienced workmen. To meet foreign competition I now intend to supply the public direct at first cost. I will WHOLESALE semifam anywhere, on fimo ,r,va.l,,,Dth: 35 ENGLISH LEVER, Hall-marked, as PRICES solid Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance, Extra Jewelled. Price SW- cash. Warranted for Seven Years. With fair use will lust a lifetime. ,Wholesale Watch Mani actr., Queen Victoria Rd., Coventry,

VOLUNTEERS CAISIIPIMG.—For REQUISITES Wm. ,B EMICK, 21, Buttermarket-street.—Advt. BEST BOOTS on ALL—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER :YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

JOHN EISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MATCHES. AND UPEIOLSTIVIERS. Mr. TORN lIMSON bee been over 36 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRESS :—I9, TRYNNR-STRIir T.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PILIVATE DENTISTRY. TEEM.. Appointments unaeoessary,jpat may be arranged; TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informed beforehand the co,:. work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charzee. TEETH. An M.D., els° Lady Attendants. TEETH. 13- Wen Extrogiotti!.oas hit.)tlierd,t3.:o by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,090walions weekly. &morn. of the late J. H. P ARKINSON (DEZITIST BY Maw MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON __as., SANHEY-sTREEr WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. ' gnivilOßN, 31, BRIDGE-STREET A _ RIIRSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH —lB, APPLEMARKET-STREET, FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b. --- COLE—Morl.mr--July 14th, at the Parish Church, Wirring- ' ton, by the Heir, A. S. Cameron, William James Cole, to Elizabeth Molloy. FEIAE7 GEE tro , warrington On "site Arpley Station, Also at S:ANCHESTER-HOAD, (late Hssenhicsb's.) rj • WARD AND CO., Z+lOlN UMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, etn„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments. Tonnts Tallets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,
