===== 0002601_19020314_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B ERESFORD'S,

MANUFACTURERS For P.N. CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS, WINDOW:BILLS,

AND CIRCULA.T.S. • PROGRAMMES. POS MRS. STATEMENTS. kPEILETS AND GENERAL BOOKWORK, &C.

JOEN WALKER AND CO.,

"EXAMINER" OFFICE,

LARGE POSTERS.

ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATION. EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGR TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MA rinfiall POSTEH S. THK MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER. ' MAMMOTH YOSTURS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTRRS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY.

PRINTINCi OF EVERY DESCRIPTION EXECUTED jr()EN WALKER & CO, POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be inspected and Botknates obtained at , JOHN. WALKER AND CO.,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
mmtcx-ir 14, 1902.

No. 1196 ONE PENNI..

4 <4. e • , 'NA/ \ oe4i, • • )e, • ; , ;`, . • , 4 • . I , r • , X r •• ; 4 -

Br Posr } 734.1 per Quarter. 6s 6cl per annum Is is 9d per Quarter cred.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

p OCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCENS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETS, TWINES, STATIONERY.

S. AVEAYER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON!

===== 0002601_19020314_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 83, and ID, tAFORD-ROAD. and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GRT BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD RUSINESS makes no bid for patrons, , by sharpness or diplo- macy, even In Piano sehliig. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the ptr lie"tie to," and these you always find here. 'l2c be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt "vith in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully -to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S , :SiLY ONE PIANO-SMITH IN it ZANC EIESTER. Send to SMITa for IATALOGDE, Post Free, PRICES AND TERSIS ILL ASTONISH YOU, PIANOS from Hs. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS ~ ts. 01. TILL PAID FOR. f

Every Instrument Guarmieed. Delivered free to any part of En4land or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country mu tamers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY. TIMES. MAY BE BAD,

but this Is no reason Why you should buy rubbish: I have been here 20 years, alai Hy goods are well known for 60 miles round and my Showrooms are full of goods at all orices. Go in for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH: 35, hallway-road, ST. HELENS : 99, Corporation-street.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING RINGS.

GUINEA. GOLD

WEDDING RINGS.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FAST BLUE

SERGE SUITS

===== 0002601_19020314_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TO MEASURE

AT 30 s.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. M. PERCY RANDALL PROF itSS.OR OF Music. ORGANIST AND CHOIRMASTER OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, HAS REMOVED TO , INNIARLEIGH 7 W TREET WHERE HE WILL coNntqus TO RECgIVE PU PILS FOR THE ORGAN, PIANOFORTE. VIOLIN, MANDOLINE. SINGING. THEORY AND HARMONY. PUPILS CAREFULLY FREW/IE3;D FOR EXAMINATION IN ANT OF THE •BOVE SUBJECTS. FEES ON APPLICATION TO 7, WINMARLEIGFI STREET, SN 9REINGION.

rp 1 . I,JLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINER " OFFIOI3. 33, MARKET STREET, ILtRLESTOWN,

FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY GOODS, PURSES, ALBUMS. PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICIAS. go to the above address. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SAM N. GREEN

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVA ' D RNTISTRY.

TEETH. Apointosanta conceeseary I but inay arranges_ TEETH All consultations free. , Gads patient Inforrr dbeforehand ?TEETH. a wosi, required. TEETH. Gold and other flllnags at modeiale anargas. -1- TEETH. Anli.D., also Lady Attendants. T.EZTH. Fah:doss Illotractlon as hitherto by the of Nitrous tyslde. TEETH. Matter to Deutnits of 10,000 weekly. Users. of tne late

J. H.. P ARKINS "- (Murnrz BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER— —...-46, MOSLEY-STRE,'E (Telephone 160),

MR. 11-ADDISON ATTENDS ST. BELENS --GEORGE-STREZT MONDAI, 930 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON ....... —3A, SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN —...—......_31, BRIDGE-STREET] l-lAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICFI 18, APPLRMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

4 1 Al.Hz W RRINGTON SLATE v,jo., La SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB . . • ' FPOM THE QUARRIES OP THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BEILDER" MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BIORERSHAW COAL). IHINAD OPTION AND WHARF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. c/..,1 Clelinge wnri Prittinh ()Alma • ••••1•..-In Qtrox.t Wor rtn.• fe.,

GYMNASTIC APPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO ,t H. HUNT AND 00N. 89, WINDSOR STREET, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA FITTED THOUGHOUT IN ANY PART OP' THE COUNTRY.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTIC OF REMOVAL.

• GEORGE FERN AND COMPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS, HAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
#iion4.).

HT 00.2.351,600.1;31r.onFeayr.jeCrsas14,ra.dive.amneeedn, Shop— all .L! respectable keepers, and to all classes worthy of credit, in sums varying from £lO, £l5, £2O, £3O, £4O, £5O. and upwards on written promise to repay. with or without sureties. To be repaid by Weekly. Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments, Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the CROWN ADVANCE CO., 6, Brown-street, Market-street, klanchester.

ESTABLItHED 1870. RlO to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND A LONH. LOW ipamßwiT. EASY MiPAYMENTS. HO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condurted my businese.. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HAlifilS. 2. HINO-STRBRT, HANLRY ; OR 13, NHWGATH-STHDH CHESTDH.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER 1E ClOg- PANIES' ACTS 1862 AND 1895. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,030. LOANS OP £5 TO £s'lo are made from periods of one mouth to three years, upon • personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the appiicant. Also upon Deeds or Property, Building Society scrip. Policies of Assurance, Au. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE MANAG,ER.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders on their own seeurity, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE. DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATIoN. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. I N.B.—Estaulished at this Adams! Twenty Tears.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM CS TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTERED OFFICE 46a, MARKET t:iTREET MUNCHESTER. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREP ALED TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shaplo,epers and others on reason- able terms. PAYABLR BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY' iNNTo.LMENTS.

BY UPECIAL AUI uF ?AktLIAMBST. MR. W OOLFE • JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREEP), CB E'..7TER. Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Adrance. Cash In Sums from

£5 TO £5OO To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers, and any distance ; to be repaid by easy payments to su it borrowers convenience. Having done business in this dsalilsitortboihcterrrfso4or:lo years. which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is condutted. Call or write for prospectus, which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's orris residence, thus saving the trouble of a jDurney. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Flom £lO upwards—and payable by instalments as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY,

And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has been established since 1870, and has always conducted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAX/4. He has consistently enAeavoured to act in a fair and stralatitforward manner, and has received y HUISMESDS OF LUTTRES OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms tor Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE,

ACCOUNTANT

CcILINTIC PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, 6C110014 LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDI-STREET, MANCHESTER

OM

NATIONAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.

I-NNI:JAL MEETINGS AT BRADFORD_

ever enterect rite religious . was the ministry of Dr. J. B. Campbell, ot Horton-lane Chapel, who 30 years ago was Chairman of the Congregational Union. A more recent and not less blessed memory is that of the Rev. W. 0. Simpson, the great Wesleyan minister, who was another Peter Mackenzie, and who completely captured the hearts of ' the people of Bradford and of the West Riding. His funeral, attended by a great multitude, was a most striking manifestatios tsf popular affection.

MY DEAR NELLIE, The new spring hats which are now appearing with marvellous rapidity day by day are really charming, each one more perfect than the last. In the matter of taste, beauty, and becomingness the milliners have left us nothing to grumble at this season, for the variety of styles is so great each may please herself as to which she adopts. The all-black picture hat is still in great vogue—larger and more picturesque than ever; but the best are very light in effect. No heavy material is used, black crin, straw lacework, and wired black lace being chiefly employed for the shapes, and, owing to their softness, the brims can be crinkled into all sorts of becoming curves and bends. In nearly all new models a curtain of black lace droops over the brim all round, and in many cases floats as a pendent veil a little to one side behind. But the woman who is not tall and stately is ill-advised if she be persuaded into wearing the large picture hat ; too often does it figure as an object-lesson nii the use and ebuse of things.

In tailor-mades there seems no novelty to be especially chronicled, except it be in sleeves, which in most cases are like the old leg of mutton sleeves, quite tight-fitting on the upper part of the arm, then graduafly widening out into a shaped fulness. This is gained by goring away all gathers, so that the sleeve stands out like an inflated bag, caught in to a narrow band at the wrist, over which is a gauntlet cuff. The backs of skirts at the top seem just as plain and tight-fitting as ever; indeed, rather more so, for there was a ten- dency a little time back towards more fulness hete. However the tailors appear to prefer the plain style, but round the feet the skirt has a very tall fluted appearance, and stretches out to a con- siderable length all round towards the back. There is a good deal of braiding used on tailor-mades; with coarse woollen and linen laces and grass lawn embroidery.

It has long been the ambition of every woman with any pretensions to smartness to possess a black velvet gown, and it will now be more so than ever.• Panne has been tried as a substitute? nut it has not the dignity nor the importance of velvet. It is apt to be meek when it ougkt to be self- assertive. When a man unwarily sets foot upon it, it subsides into such flatness that he thinks it is only the carpet. When he treads on silk velvet he soon discovers his mistake. In fact, velvet has no rival. It is costly, but then it has a long life if properly taken care of; and even the stateliest dame takes care of her velvet gown, though hiding her carefulness beneath a careless air. The day is coming when every bride will have (if able to do her whole duty by herself) in her trousseau a black velvet gown, with two bodices, one for evening wear and one made high to the throat. The two bodices are necessary to the full usefulness of the gown, though the low one may very well be re- placed by a jettod one with velvet sleeves. Just now there is usually a preponderance of black worn, and a black gown lends itself well to modi- fications of colour and embellishment which time and place may demand. A black taffetas frock is an investment to be recommended just now, for it will serve its smart and useful purpose both now and hereafter, and be well in advance of the fashion ; mousseline taffetas is the best kind, soft and subtle and less likely to cut.

The new rosette is or pleated velvet or taffetas, made to lie flat, and sometimes has a smart button to centre it, though where millinery is concerned a knot of little flowers like daisies or violets springs from it. Milliners are now favouring trails of flowers' such as wee pink roses, which they arrange with haphazard grace upon their fur, tulle or straw toques. It is a pretty notion to trail knots of pink rambler roses and tendrils of foliage over a sable turban. A new black straw precisely copies astrachan, and must be looked at twice before one can say whether it is actually skin or not. For Leghorn, a distinct amount of patronage is already secured. Far fewer feathers are being used, and embroidered batiate for tat draperies, with long floating ends, is preferred to either lace or net. Sashes of grass lawn woven with stripes of blos- somed silk are to trim the coarse hats of rustic straw that herald the spring. Some of the daintiest ball-gowns are being made of old-world muslins and batistes of the finest description. The muslin is patterned with small, neat designs, such as were most popular in the early days of our late Queen's reign, and the fashion most adopted is the be-frilled, be-flowered bebe style. Materials will be simpler this spring, and the soft woolly goods thathave been ousted in favourof more elaborate materials are coming back to us. It is good hearing this, and the clever girl will be able to have a great variety of gowns this year if she have a sufficiency of talent to make them up her- self.

Your loving, JEum.

McDO U - 1, L'S PATH= SELF-EAISING FLOUR eIsoMIL THE EXAMINER PI RI i)4 Y MARCH 14 .102 LADIES' LETTER.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

.....:7_,-- r 0 5'% ",,-,',;‘,#!,;,,,iti,14:4:: -,<------ 0... ,•:..- ,::::::1, ..el , ',7 .5.,--# .., ....:.,,..... ' , .4, „...- t. 14 -.'",;';_:,' • • ej.„ -••••- 'N...S.:\ -.. • ' / ~,

.-. , I.'. , 2.-41 • .' .... , ' ,e••\ A 1.„:.:.., i ' ". "N • , . ;....„.......--.., ~,: g \ • 4-. ‘-""-vr ".....!,, ~tor -•-.,: i> .- . 44# : %----- \ iio '?;‹, "r:-.."--:\ ~ , -, ---z-1 ---'•

' ~' •4..C.,,1tinj, ~, „ ) ~ri\ ii.... ,-g-.- i x ff,..1. . . e ey' . ° .;,' . -7.'2' 0• s '- , 4 ' . „, 0 •S' 7..**'' ',....- V -Al' .- l'•-- ---. 7 , - -_,—, ", - - --'74--;"--41S----; ' % .1,-, -3..4 .0•• 1 \ - =----1* -"` ---"''. ; 2:.:%'''. k ___:,-- - ' .>-- ' 11/4.' ~ , -------- ' ' 4 4 .'""*"-

===== 0002601_19020314_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERVIEW WITH THE REV. THOMAS

LAW.

The coming meetings of the National Free Church Council at Bradford from March 10 to March 13 are the talk of the Free Churches at present, and with a view to fuller information ' on the subject (writes a correspondent) I sought an interview with the Rev. Thomas Law, the General Secretary, who holds all the strings of the Movement in his hand. "Well," said Mr. Law, briskly," the arrange- ments for the annual meetings are going for- ward splendidly. Our Bradford friends are -.working like Trojans. I held a pastorate in Bradford for several years, and I know the people well. They manage a big affair of this sort well. We shall have considerably over a thousand representatives we have an excel- lent programme, and we shall have the foremost leaders of Nonconformity with us." "But where do these 1000 representatives come from? The North of England and the Midlands, I suppose?" "There you are quite -wrong," replied Mr. Law, with emphasis; "the curious thing is that the Councils in Devon, Cornwall, and other parts of the country remote from Bradford were the first to appoint their representatives. Though our headquarters are in London, our movement has very long tentacles, and our work and in- fluence penetrate to every corner of the country from the Tweed to Land's End. Why, some of the most vigorous Councils are in Devon and Cornwall. Of course, as you know, our move- ment is very strong in the great centres of the Midlands and the North. .And the Councils in these parts will be fully represented." "You mentioned your programme. What is there special about it ?" I timidly inquired. "Special about it," repeated Mr. Law. "What do you mean by 'special'? We have an en- tirely new feature in the mission services, which are to be held in twelve eentres, on the Tues- day evening. Our movement is spiritual and specially evangelistic. The National Council and the local Councils do much work that is not, speaking very. literally, religious, but our spiritual work is first in importance and volume. These twelve mission services will emphasise that fact. The three missioners of the National Council, Gipsy Smith, Mr. W. R. Lane, and the the Rev. J. Tolefree Parr are to take part in them, while the others will be conducted by men so well qualified for this work As Revs. Dr. Horton, S. Chadwick, J. Odell, J. Flanagan, George Jackson, 8.A., W. Y. Fullerton, Thomas Cook, F. B. Meyer, BA., and T. Champness. It will be a great day in Bradford." "Anything else of special interest ?" "Well, it is invidious to particularise, but I think the address of Principal Rainy, of Edin- burgh, at the Communion Service at the close is an item of more than ordinary interest. Dr. Rainy, as you know, is the creator—if any one man can be called the creator—of the recent onion of the Free Church of Scotland and the United Presbyterian Church. The United Free Church, as the new church is called, has a membership of half a million. Dr. Rainy is the first man in Scotland—a great spiritual force, as well as a consummate ecclesiastical statesman. He was anxious to attend our Cardiff meetings last year, but a previous engagement prevented him. He has expressed his delight at the oppor- tunity which he will have of coming into associa- tion with our Movement at Bradford." "And what else would you care to particu- larise in the programme?" I asked Mr. Law. " Well„' you will notice that considerable attention is being given to social questions. Dr. Clifford is to speak on 'The Housing of the Poor,' Mr. J. Compton Rickett, M.P., on The Attitude of Free Church Councils to

Social Problems,' and Mr. W. P. Hartley, J.P., on 'The Use of _Wealth.' The Education Question, which just now is a burning question, is to be discussed by Mr. R. W. Perks, ,M.P., Rev. J. Hirst Hollowell, and Mr. A. E. Hutton. M.P. Other important public matters will come up for consideration. Four sermons are always preached at the Annual Meetings. The preachers this year will be Dr. Robertson Nicoll of the British Weekly, Rev. J. G. Green- hough, M.A., Rev. F. W. Macdonald, and the Rev. C. Silvester Horne, M.A." "What about your Report, Mr. Law ?" "It is a document of 120 pages, containing several new features, and a great amount of detailed, and, as I think, very mteresting infor- mation concerning the work of the National Council and the local Councils. At Leeds, in 1894, there were only 12 Free Church Councils in existence, now there are nearly 800, over 70 new ones having been formed during the past year. A great part of the Report is occupied with an account of our mission work, and I have selected extracts fi om the glowing accounts of the successful work of our missioners which have been sent to the Central Office. Of course, we do much spiritual work other than mission work, such as Parochial Visitation, Mission Van Work, Open-air Services, and Cycling Mission Services. During the year we have inaugurated a great new movement—the Girls' Guild—and, naturally, the Report makes an extended reference to that. Our Movement is rapidly developing abroad—in the United 'States, Australia, South Africa, Jamaica, and on the Continent, and over a dozen pages of my Report are devoted to this aspect of our work. Many Councils and Federations abroad have sought and obtained affiliation with the National Council of England and Wales. The General .Committee has had under considera- tion the question of assisting the Movement Abroad on the lines of the organisation at home. Arrangements will be made for having suitable correspondents in all the chief centres, and it is likely that a deputation will be appointed to visit different parts of the world." "Is the Bradford Council finding accommo- dation for all the 1000 representatives ?" "Yes, the Yorkshire people are hospitable. They delight in work of this sort. Besides, many offers of hospitality have come from members and ministers of the Church of Eng. • land. And at a meeting at Ripon, to be held - in connection with the visit of the National -Council to Bradford, the Dean (Dr. Fremantle) will be one of the speakers." It will be the third time within its brief his- tory that the National Council has met in York- shire. Leeds and Sheffield have already been visited by the Council. It is interesting to note that Bradford has already some very intimate associations with the Movement. The Federation movement is a great stream' and, like other great streams, its sources are to be sought in many springs. But undoubtedly one of the springs was the house-to-house visitation , which was carried out by the Free Churches of Bradford. At the first Free Church Congress, 'held at Manchester in 1892, papers were read by Mr. Percy W. Bunting on 'Town Problems,' and the Rev. Thomas Law on "Nonconformist

Parishes." Mr. Bunting recommended for the purpose of evangelistic social work by the " churches the division of town into districts, worked unitedly, the Nonconformist Council of the town taking supervision of the whole. Mr. Law had been the originator and the moving -spirit of an organisation representing the Free Churches of Bradford, by means of which a house-to-house visitation of the town had been made. ,fflo work the scheme, Bradford was divided mto a large nurrter of sections, and to each church was apportioned a section. Fifteen hundred visitors took part in the work. Three years later, at Birmingham, Mr. Law reported that two-thirds of the Councils had undertaken „honse-to-house visitation. Dr. Berry, the First President of the National Council. was educated at the old Airedale College, Bradford, and preached his first sermon, we believe,'in a neighbouring church. Mr. Greenhough, too, the retiring President, has many intimate associations with Bradford. The Rev. J. H. Jowett, M.A., who was trained at Airedale, was born at Halifax, some 10 miles off. One of the most 'Powerful influ.ences that

===== 0002601_19020314_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
IMMERSED 1N LIQUID POISON. imarden Eijr-77: A:Horrible Adventure.

A horrible adventure has recently been recounted by Alexander Robert Heffernan, of 53, Archel-roaC,Fulbam, now an ex-constable of the Metropolitan Police Force, It appears that on the afternoon of February 26th, 1897, he was on duty near the Regents Canal, at a point where the water is rendered highly poisonous by the drainings from chemical and gas works. He was told that a man bad jumped in, to commit suicide. Being a noted swimmer, Heffernan dived into the poisonous water w ithout hesitation. For fully twenty minutes the two men struggled in the water, with the poisonous chemicals bubbling and fizzing around them. Both swallowed a quantity of the poisonous liquid, sad although prevented from Crowning, the would-bo suicide died a few weeks after. ' The effect of the waten • upon the plucky constable was terrible to contemplate The poison, according to the police surgeon, completely destroyed the coating of his stomach. " I was quite unable to digest my food," he says, "and *very time I took any, was sick until it was vomited back. I was placed on the police sick list and sent down to tne Convalescent Home at Brighton twice. After the second visit I had to go back te my own home very bad indeed. I was so weak that when I attemptedl to walk I went blind, and bad to cling to anything near me to prevent me from falling. I bad fearful night- sweats, and would often be seized with a kind of cramp, which seemed to be in my very bones. I could not re- tain food or nourishment, except in minute quantities— just enough to keep roe alive. " I next went into Brcmpton Hospital, but again I derived no benefit. For two years I remained in the police force, suffering in this way, and during the two years I was only able to 'put in three months duty ! Seeing that I was practically done for, in January,lB99, I was given a special pension, and retired from the force. _ _ .

I continued to get worse, despite all efforts. No matter bow tempting and light the food which wee pre- pared, I vomited all I took, and the very sight of food made me nick ! I became reduced in weight from over 13 stone to just over 10 stone, and I was as weak as a kitten. The vomiting, the pain across the stomach and in the back, the sight sweats and the cramping geese- tions continued unabated until September in last year "In that month I was recommended to try some of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. A few doses made me feel a bit stringer, so I went in for a course, in order te give I them a fair trial. By the time I had taken a few boxes was a different man. The vomiting had stopped, and the dull, aching pain at the pit of the stomach had gone. Every day I got stronger and stronger. The cramp and the night sweats stopped, the specks and flashes before sly eyes disappeared, I became able to walk without needing support, and at night I enjoyed sound, refresh- ing sleep. Te cut a long story short, I aenow quite cured. The effects of the poison have been driven out of my system by the Beans, and my stcmaeh and digestive organs seem to have been re-made. I have eaten so well that 1 have gained twenty-sue pounds in weight, and am still eddieg to it. For the first time for nearly five years, on Christmas Day last I was able to eat and enjoy a good Christmas dinner, "A few months ago I was able to re-start work as attendant in a picture gallery. For three 'weeks before Christmas I was at werk from half-past eight o'clock in the morning to ball-past eleven at night, Saturdays included and I did not fPel fatigued with it " " In my easel Bile Bears seem to have worked a miracle. Publish my statement by all means and let as many people as possible know what a splendid remedy is placed within their reach." . .

The chief lesson to be learned from the above..sensa-

tiGnal Incident, is that no case of digestive ailment, weakness, nausea after meals, sleeplessness and general debility is too bad far Bile Beans to touch. Remember this I. Rand this case to your friends who are ailing. To put Bile Beans in the way of a sufferer is the kindest service you can render. Just think of the debt of grati- tude Hefforan owes to the friend who recommended Bile Beans to kim. You may earn like gratitude from some of your friends. The medicine referred to above may be obtained from all chemists price one and three-half- pence a bex or two and nine for a box containing three times the quantity.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOBACCONISIS AND TRADE DEVELOPMENTS.

Mr Hey, of the United Kingdom Tobacco Dealers' Alliance, addressed a meeting of tobacconists at the Horsemarket-street Cceoa Rooms, Warrington, on Tues- day evening. Mr Charlton, of karlestown, octupied the chair, and amongst others present were Mr Glover, of Chester, and Mr Newton (local secretary). Mr BEY, at the outset, reterred to the annual report of the Alliance, and called attention to its most import- ant paragraph's. Referring to the bonus promised by Mr Duke, be said the bonus was promised verballs ,and it, the Alliance proved itself a strong organization Mr Duke would not stop at one per cent. The apathy of tobacconists towards combination had been the greatest stumbling-block to the progress of the Alliance, but he was glad to say that despite all the difficultiea the Alliance had had to contend with, it was making head- way. The virulence of the attacks upon the Alliance was evidence of its power for an organization that was not a living force was never attacked. The long-expected, long•deferred prospectus of the Im- perial combine was out and truth to tell it was sorry reading for the retailer. The two main points about it for their special consideration were (1) The Salmon and Gluckstein arrangements and (2) The promised bonus. With regard to the first there was no concealing the fact that it bad been received by the trade with mani- fest disappointment. With regard to the promised bonus, ha said if ever it were true that hope long deferred maketh the heart sick.it were true of that long-promised never-seen, indefinable bonus which was buried beneath a mass of figures from which all the skill of the statisti- cal tobacconists could not adduce proofs for even a one per cent hoeus to the retailers and this at a tires when they were calculating profits (on certain lines) at least 71 per cent, more to the retailer than American collateral lines. The bonus would be paid only to such as accepted its provisions, and in his opinion the whole thing was a farce. News was in the aie that a third combine was to be formed. The more the merrier. The retailers stood to gain by , another ring. It woulei be interesting to know why it failed at the first time of asking. He suggested that they should demand (1) that every proprietary line bears its selling price, face value tobe the minimum ; (2) that the retailers have an assurance of their profits for a period of 20 yfi ars whatever befall the Trusts ; (3) that they support and favour only thole lines which tyranted them 20 per cent. In conclusion. Mr HEY spoke upon the value of cohesion, which be said was essential to retailers, if they were to keep the position they held. Mr Gwynn next addressed the meeting and congratu- lated the Warrington branch upon being favoured with a visit by Mr Hey.gie proceeded to speak on the Advan- tages of the Alliance and said be believed it would become a much stronger institution in the near future than it bad been in the pest. Mr 13ey'a services were acknmwledged on the proposi- tion of Mr NEWTON, seconded by the CHAIRMAN. The proceedings then terminated.

Warrington Field Club.

At the ninth meeting of the winter session Mr Charles White presided over a fair gathering, when Mr 6 Carruthers read a paper on "Choice or Chance: A Study in Natural Selection." The lecturer began by citing a number of the Penicuik experiments of Professor Comer Ewert and professed his belief that the influence of a male animal upon a female might betperceived in subssquent progeny of the same female by other males. Despite the destructive criticism to which this belief has been subjected by many competent biologists, notably by Weiss- mann, it is -widely prevalent ; the lecturer did not shrink from reiterating his abiding faith in tele- geny, as it is called, whilst admitting his inability to explain it, He dealt at length with the very obscure problem of the variations which occur amongst plants and avimals,and leaned to the view that. these were due to chance, but that at length after frequent series and at higher levels, somehow choice came in. There was a vigorous discussion in which several members joined, congratulating Mr Carruthers on the amount of work he had put into his paper, but subjecting his theories to very severe criticism.

The criminal business ass concluded at County Limerick Assizes, before Mr Justice Johnson, with the result that in no single case did the Crown obtain a conviction, the juries either rlisagreeing or acquitting the accused. In one case his lordship skid the action of the jury was a regular farce, and he sent them back o reconsider their verdict. Hie lordship said he was tot responsible for the miscarriage of justice, and no Warne attached to himself.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

PS'S

4RATEFUL-GOMFORTING.

COCOA

a REAKFAST—S U P PER,

THE BARON'S CHOICE,

ALICE ISAACSON (Author of "After Ten Years," le)

eIiAPTERI.

"So the Herr Baron is to marry his, cousin, they say ?" " Whakthe beautiful Fraulein von Tlircke ?" "Beautiful, yes, if you admire black eyes that look as though they could flash out sparks of fire, and hair like the raven's wing, but she would not be my choice were I the Herr Baron, what think yoa, Elsa?"

The girl addressed was leaning with indolent grace against one angle of the low stone wall that divided the garden in which the three friends stood from the. cherry orchard beyond. Her fair hair eeemed touched with a halo of glory, and her eyes, blue as the forget- me-nots in a meadow brook, were gazing dreamily out over the distant scene. Tlie sun was just sink- ing in the western sky, and the forest-covered hills around were bathed in a golden haze, while the per- fume of the flowers was wafted by on every breath of the evening breeze. A long straight path, on either side of which lay fragrant heaps of freshly mown hay, led back to the old verandah-shaded par- sonage. Just below the wall on one side was the high road, which wound uphill and down for miles, away from the little village, past the ancient church, to the nearest town. The larks were murmuring their slumber songs down in the grassy hollows of the orchard, and all the other feathered songsters were twittering soft lullabies among the green leaves overhead; besides, only the musical sound of goat- bells in the distance broke the peaceful stillness that seemed a fitting close to the sweet June day. Gertrud lightly touched the young dreamer's shoulder, and half teasingly with a little moclxing laugh, exclaimed: "Where have your thoughts wandered, liebches, heard you not that we were talking of the I;lcrr Baron"

The three friends in the sunny garden were Ger- trud Hißern, the eldest of the village doctor's numer* -vim family; Frieda Schmidt, the heiress of a well* to-do miller in the neighbourhood, and Elsa Loren% the pastor's only and dearly loved child. The two first were bright honest German maidens full of vitality and fun, but useful in a homely sense rathei than ornamental; Elsa, on the contrary, though one with them in ordinary pursuits was cast in a widely different mould. The beauty of her out- ward person was but an index of the noble spirit within. Often the good Frau Pastor would shako her head with a half suppressed sigh as she watched her child engaged in the daily work of their quiet home , Elsa's loveliness seemed better fitted for a higher sphere, and yet the most menial tasks gained no added grace from her gentle, refining touch. To the old pastor she was the apple of his eye ; he had trained her keen intellect, and watched over and guided her mental growth ; and now this fair sweet blossom that had sprung up from the rugged par- ental stem was the joy and delight of his declining years. What matter though Elsa were lowly born, that her dower would be less than that of all the marriageable maidens around, was she not passing rich in more than wealth could ever buy? The golden treasure of a loving heart, the pure unsullied faith of childlike innocence—the man who ,could win these for himself might be proud of his guerdon etc ever was valiant knight of old; and so the old pas- tor would comfort his wife whenever she confided in him her hopes and fears about the future of their only child. A digression this from the opening of our tale. Elsa turned at her companion's touch, and a slight blush rose in her face as she met Gertrud's laugh- ing eyes. "Pardon me, dear, my thoughts were out over the hills I think, see how lovely they look with the sun- set glow behind them ; our beautiful Alsatian mountains ! I always like to watch them just in this light, but what is it you and Frieda were dis- cussing ?" "Just hear her !" cried Gertrud, "a topic of such absorbing interest and Elsa does not even know what we were talking about." " Ash so, G'ertrnd, don't tease !" it was Frieda Schmidt, a plump, good tempered brunette, who now broke in. Never mind about the hills, Elsa, they look just the same alwayis when the sun shines be- hind them, but tell us, have you heard that Baron von Idedera is betrothed to Fraulein Minna von Tiircke ?"

Again the colour mounted Elsa's cheeks but she answered quietly, "I do not think the betrothal is announced, but it is no secret that the Frau Barman wishes it, Friiulein Minna is very rich." "So is the Herr Baron for that matter," ex- claimed the impulsive Gertrud. " W ell 1 for one would not marry if I were a man, just for the sake of a few more dozen acres of land and an old ruined castle or two unless I really loved somebody." " My father says it is not kind to quet,tion other people's motives when we are not quite sure of them," said Elsa gently," and especially if—" She broke off abruptly; the rapid trotting of a horse had been audible for some moments on the highway, but the three friends hadbeen too absorbed in their conversation to heed it until now when the animal and his rider came suddenly into view. Ths garden of the parsonage was raised above the road. but only so much, as to make it invisible to pedes- trians_; the approaching horseman was on a level with the little group, and as he drew rein and cour- teously raised his hat a conscious look appeared on the faces of Gertrud and Frieda. He was a man of about twenty-eight or thirty, slim and slightly litillt, with hair as fair and eyes as blue as Elsa's own. In- deed there was something akin in the expression of the bright handsome faces that looked towards each other, for though the pleasant " Oaten Abend ;urine "Fraulein " included all three friends, was it merely, fancy that the two pairs of blue eyes met for an int stant andthat when Elsa's drooped beneath their dark- fringed lashes, there was something tenderly signifi- cant in the gaze that rested on her 2 There was no traoe of embarrassment, however, in Elsa's manner as she quietly returned the young man's greeting, but when he had cantered on and was lost to sight by a bend of the road her com- panions eagerly broke silence. "Why, Elsa," exclaimed Gertrud, know the Herr Baron 2"

"do you

.... , " Ach, how handsome he is," murmured Frieda with a sentimental sigh, " Fraurein Minna is a lucky girl." " Of course, Gertrud," replied Elsa;" did you never hear that he was my father's pupil until he went to Heidelberg to study? We do not often see him now, it is true, but he never comes to Ortenach

_ without c,alling upon us." "And yet you did not know that he is to marry his cousin. Well, I should have thought that the Herr Pastor would have been the first to hear such a piece of news as that." "My dear Gertrud, what does it matter? People are not obliged to publish their private affairs to the whole district, and besides it is really no concern of ours who Baron Ton Medem marries. There was a slight tone of impatience in Elsa's pleasant voice. " See," she added, "there is my father on the verandah, he has come to call us in to supper ; now for a race ; which of us three will reach the house first ?" Flinging the challenge at them with a backward glance over her shoulder, she sped off quickly, fol- lowed by Gertrud and Frieda. It was a pretty sight, the three light girlish figures flitting in and out of the cherry-trees and down the broad path sweet-scented from the new mown hay on either side, and the grey haired pastor smiled indulgently even while he shook his head, as Elsa, breathless but triumphant, darted to his side and clasping his area with her hands turned with a merry laugh to await her companions. "Foolish child, what madcap freak is this ?" he said, smoothing the rumpled golden hair with his dis- engaged hand, "thou art too old for such boyish sports." ".Too old to run, father ?" and there was nothing dreamy now in. the expression of Elsa's blue eves as she looked up merrily in the Pastor's face-7" be- cause lam eighteen,—and what is to happen then when the little mother calls out to me Run, Elsa, and fetch thy father's coat and slippers, I see him coming home,' or Elsa run and stop the carrier, he is near our gate, you will just catch him if you hurry.' " The Pastor laughed, he too was used to his wife's energetic injunctions.: " Well, well, saucy one, it is good for the young to be active; and now go, dear child, and help thy mother prepare the supper, while Gertrud and Frieda tell me what you were all three talking about so earnestly down by the garden wall." _

Elsa hurried into the house followed more slowly- by her father and the two girls. Soon the shadows grew deeeper on the garden paths, the birds wen.. hushed to silence, and all things in nature slept; until one by one the silvery stars shone out from the darkening sky and the crescent moon seemed to look down in loving watch upon the quiet home below.

CIIAPTER

It was the pleasant summer time when we first saw Elsa and her friends standing in the sunlit garden ; 1111 i) W it is autunmy.gad tii.asgteilina_Octobor clag

have litought sisUhli of -chilliness to the aii The cherry brchard is bare of fruit and the hay all gathered in, while away on the distant hills the beech and chestnut trees show gleams of crimson and russet and gold against the :tart, background of the pines. Down on the plain the grapes are fast ripening for the vintage; there they hang, the deep purple clus- ters half hidden by the yellowing leaves. The squir- rels chatter noisily as they whisk up and down the tali tree-boles, carrying their winter store of nuts; the curious little orange and black lizards have hidden themselves away out of sight in their holes by the forest paths, and the song of the birds is no *longer so joyous and gay as when they sang their %lullabies in June. Once more we find Elsa Lorentz by the old wall she had been busily engaged all the morning in her garden, tying up the tall hollyhocks that were bent by the autumn rains ; gathering the great brown discs of the giant sunflO were that her poultry might fatten on their seeds ; pruning here, plucking there, doing in short whatever she found to be nec- essary ; and now she was resting in her favourite corner, and looking out as before over the peaceful landscape until the clock in the church tower should strike twelve and summon her to the simple mid- day meal. The pastor was writing in his study, the good haus-fiym might be heard in animated dis- cussion with their one servant over some knotty household matter, but here Elsa was alone and un- disturbed ; she had pushed back her shady garden hat from her forehead, and was standing, her hands clasped catelessly before her, on the spot where we saw her first. Again the sound of horses' hoof-beats was heard upon the road and Elsa turning in the direction whence it came, started slightly as the riders appeared in sight. This time it was not a solitary horseman, and one of the two was well known tr, her; the slim fair-haired man we have seen before was sitting over on one side as his horse trotted on, in animated conversation with his com- panion who was looking up intently in his two, but just then he caught sight of the motionlesWgure in the parsonage garden, and suddenly faltered, broke off, half unconsciously tightened his bridle. band, as though he would have stopped, then merely bowed in a friendly manner as they passed. The lady turned also, following the direction of his eyes, and her haughty supercilious stare sent the blood coursing more quickly through Elsa's veins. Even while she met the Baron's look and returned his greeting, she seemed to feel that she was being weighed, measured, found wanting and thrown aside as it were by those flashing black eyes that aps,„ praised her in such ungenerous fashion. For a few moments she stood still, her hands involuntarily tightening their clasp upon each other while her pulse beat more rapidly, her breath came and went in hurried gasps, and her blue eyes filled with tears. A faint impalpable shadow seemed to creep over the landscape and to darken the clear blue sky ; just then the church clock struck the hour of noon, and as the last sound died away Elsa roused herself with a shiver and hastily brushing aside the unshed tears that dimmed her eyes, returned slowly towards the house. Meanwhile the pair rode on in silence. The Baron made no attempt to resume the Conversation which the sight of Elsa had interrupted, though a smile half of annoyance, half of amused expectation hovered on his lips. It was his companion who spoke first. "Who was that girl, Conrad? She was rather pretty." The voice was pleasant and refined but there was a certain ring of determination in it, that showed the speaker was more accustomed to command than to entreat.

" Ah, I wondered how long your feminine car- iosity would hold out, Minna," replied Conrad von Medem; " that pretty girl is Elsa Lorentz, our good pastor's only child." " Oh, Pastor Lorentz' s daughter, and you know her ?" There was a subtle inflexion in her tone that nettled the young man ; he paused before replying -! " You forget, my fair cousin, that although we in our village have not all the advantages of your city life, we are not quite outside the pale of society and are on visiting terms with our neighbours." " We—our --why do you always identify yourself with the villagers and the common people here. Conrad? You are not one of them, though you would make yourself out to be _so." . _ _ .

The'girl spoke impatiently, her dark eyes resting on his face.; he met the look steadily

"Would you have me desert the Schloss then, where most of my mother's life has been spent and to which I shall one day bring home my wife, and-the district where we are known and loved; and would you have me despise the people around because they are of birth not equal to our own ?—Why, old pastor Lorentz taught me nearly all I know and a hard task he had to do it "—he added sotto yore, '• and as for little Elsa "—he broke off with a short laugh— " you must ask my mother to sing Elsa's praisci if you care to hear them,—she has taken an interest in her from a child."

" So, but possibly my aunt would not wish her only son to take quite so keen an interest in Frau- lein Elsa as she does herself." Minna von Tiircko laughed somewhat maliciously, then added— " Ah, Conrad, your face betrays you, but surely you cannot really care for 'this little peasant maiden ?"

For a moment Conrad von Medem hesitated, then looking straight at his cousin said : " Suppose we change the subject, Minna, it is scarcely fitting that we .should discuss Friiulein Lorentz in this manner, and after all my affairs can hardly interest you if the report we have-beard be true—that you are promised in marriage to Count Hochstadt."

The young lady looked slightly disconcerted at this sudden turning of the tables, but though the rich colour deepened beneath her clear olive skin, her eyes met his without faltering : , " Has that on (lit reached you too? Well, and, if it were true what then ?"—her short upper lip curled scornfully—" at least Count Hochstadt is enormously rich, and belongs to one of the oldest families in Germany." " So, and you would sell yourself for rank and fortune to a man old enough to be your father, nay your grandfather. I had almost said. Minna, I de. vontly hope it is not true." Minna von Tiircke did not immediately reply. She turned her head away and was apparently absorbed in the distant landscape ; but if Conrad could have seen the swift softening of the dark eyes and the tender curve of the mobile lips he would have been startled at the sudden transformation of that proud beautiful face, and seeing, might perchance have learnt the secret so carefully guarded that he had never even dreamt of its existence ; but men are ever slow to interpret the subtle changes of a woman's face and rarely seek to understand its cabalistic signs, unless indeed, Love be their teacher. "Should you be sorry then, Conrad, if I marry Count Hochstadt ? " she said at last. The words were calmly almost carelessly spoken, but there was an undertone of passionate vibration, and her heart beat tumultuously as she awaited his reply. " Sorry ! I should think so ! Why, Minna we have always been like brother and sister, you know, and I care too truly for your happiness to wish you to throw it recklessly away." . . _ _

Instinctively her liand tightened on the bridle, and touching her horse's flank with her little gold- mounted whip the animal bounded forward, carrying his rider several lengths ahead. When Baron von Diedem reached her side again the face she turned towards him was haughty and Impassive as ever, and the tones of her clear, well- mod.ulated voice as cold

" Thanks, my cousin, after all your good advice is somewhat premature, and may never be needed, but each one to his taste you know ; if you choose love and a peasant maiden it is just possible I may have a preference for wealth and rank and for the power they bring, without the adjunct of love, which really is quite unnecessary in married life now-a-days. No, do not say any more," she added impetuously, "I am tired of the whole subject ; we had better ride faster ; we are late already and my aunt, as you know, dislikes being kept waiting for luncheon.' Conrad von Medem and Minna von Tiircke had been constant companions in their early childhood ; their mothers were sisters and both were left widows when comparatively young ; but while Frau on Tiircke, whose husband had been a. wealthy banker in Berlin, openly grudged the enforced abstinence from social pleasures to which her deep mourning compelled her, and .was speedily consoled for the death of a man whose money had been his chief re- commendation, Clara von Medem had never re- covered from the shock of that fatal day when the news was brought to Schloss Medemburg that the noble Baron Eberhardt had been mortally wounded while leading on his men to repulse a sortie from beleaguered Paris At first it seemed as if she must sink body and mind beneath the blow that had be- reavpd her of the husband she adored. ; and the little fair-haired son, who looked into her sorrowftn face with blue eyes so like hisfather's that she would turn her own away to hide the fast rising tears. won ilered why the viiitterchen was always sad and never played with him as she used to do; but as time passed on the memory of the father be had lost fading altogether from his childish mind, he was apt to rebel against the perpetual gloom that over- shadowed his home. and to escape from its depress- ing atmosphere as much as possible. But for the 'wise influence of Pastor Lorentz, mother and son liit have Szrovz . houelesslv e it was his

khidly wordirthat first-shintreU trif widowed Ba-toneis the folly of nursing a selfish grief, and that taught Conrad to respect the sorrow he could not under- stand. It was an effort on both sides, however, and Conrad's happiest days were spent with his Aunt Anna in Berlin, where he alternately petted and teased. his cousin Minna who was six years younger than himself, and submitted with fairly good grace to being tyranised over by the little nursery queen. Spoilt as none but an only child could be, Minna von Tiircke from her babyhood was accustomed to have every whim gratified, every wish fulfilled. Her kind-hearted but frivolous mother was proud of the graceful dark-eyed child whose long black curls and brilliant colouring made such a picturesque foil for her own fair if somewhat insipid style of beauty, and so little Minna wasbrought forward on every possible occasion, and those who paid court to the banker's widow found it diplomatic at the same time to praise and flatter the heiress of his wealth. Small won-, den then that the young girl grew up haughty and selfish towards her inferiors, and carelessly indiffer- ent to those of her own rank and station. Her cousin Conrad was the only person who ever dared to tell her of her faults, but though at times they quarrelled furiously, Minna was more gentle and submissive with him than with any other human being, and in her secret heart, though she would have lied rather than confess it, his image was cherished as dearer far than that of the mother who never at- tempted to thwart or control her. Frau von Tiircke rarely visited Schloss Modem- burg; the unbroken monotony of her sister's life was but little to her taste, for the baroness spent her days in strict seclusion with Fraulein Agnes, an elderly spinster of good -family but scanty means, for her sompanion. It was only in the rare intervals when Conrad was it home that there was any approach to social inter- course at the Schloss; then perhaps a few hunting parties were arranged, or a formal dinner given, but only once since Baron Eberhardt's death had the gorgeously decorated state apartments been thrown open, when half the country side had been invited to assist at the grand ball given to celebrate the day on which the young Baron attained his majority. From the time that Conrad'sstudent lite at Heidel- berg began there was a break in the close intercourse betwen the cousins ; his summer vacations were usu- ally spent in foreign travel or in knapsack wander- ings nearer home with student friends; just then, too, Frau von Tiircke discovered it was absolutely nec- essary for her health that she should exchange the winter climate of Berlin for the sunny skies of Italy ; other changes had supervened, so that for consider- ably more than ten years the cousins met but at rare intervals until now, when Minna and her mother had come for a long promised visit to Schloss Medem- berg. The pretty child of twelve had developed into a tall graceful woman of four and twenty, whose regal style of beauty and fascinating manners made her appear older than her years; she had so long been accustomed to move a very queen in society, t 6 receive the homage of the men who composed her mimic court, to be flattered and caressed by all around, that it piqued her not a little to find her cousin Conrad supremely indifferent to her charms. The young baron was altogether a contrast to her ordinary admirers, to the men who, so she declared, had sought her hand, not as the woman, but as the heiress. His easy nonchalance and oierdolence of bearing covered an energy and force of character that impressed Minna strangely in spite of herself, insensibly the strong will that had ruled her as a child regained its power until she found a strange sweet pleasure in yielding to its influence even though she despised herself for doing so. .

Conrad meanwhile was perfectly unconscious of the feelings he hal aroused; that his mother and aunt would approve their union he was fully aware, but even when most attracted by the spell of Minna's imperious beauty, he was secretly repelled by her haughtiness and pride, and involuntarily he would contrast her with a graceful girlish figure, whose loving unselfish nature made her the idol of her bumble home. Not even to himself, however, had Conrad ever acknowledged that little Elsa Lorentz had stolen into his heart untilthat day when Minna's scornful accusation startled him by a sudden revelz- Can of its truth.

(To be Continued.)

===== 0002601_19020314_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
:WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Countes3 of Airlie, whose grandmother, Lady Fanny Cowper, was one of Queen Victoria's bridemaids, is attached to the household of the Princess of Wales, and one of the most intimate playmates of little Prince Edward is the Earl of Airlie, who is a great pet both at Sandringham, and at Marlborough House. He is about a year older than Prince Edward, who will be eight next June and all the Earl's brothers and sisters greatly admire his horsemanship. He has three elder sisters, end two younger brothers and alreadylthe youthful Earl displays the 'family trait in a fondness for playing at soldiers. The Ogilvys have been fighters tor genera- tions, and the late Earl. whom Lord Roberts designated "that splendid soldier," was killed in a cavalry charge In the early days of the Boer war. The week-end visit offers an agreeable change to the gaieties of town life, and the Court, and all classes of Society,have adopted the fashion of making short visits into the country. On some occasions the King and Queen are able to combine these visits with their public engagements as was the case on their Majesties recent visit to the West, for the launcaing of the battleship I Ocean, and the laying of the foundation stone of the I Royal Naval College at Dartmouth. ;The King is how- ever an inveterate lover of town life and prefers to spend re ost of his time in London. His Majesty is never so happy as when dining out with his friends in an informal manner, and going on afterwards to the theatre. The Mare very trequently dines out, but dis- likes publicity on these occasions, and, during Lent, the Court will not be seen at the theatres. The American invasion is expected to beat the record this year, and the number of trade; that look to benefit by the influx of American visitcus-during the Corona- tion summer, is legion. The theatres, the hotel keepers, the goldsmiths and jewellers, and tradesmen generally, are all expecting to reap a golden-. harvest this year. Somehow or other Paris has ceased to have the great attraction it formerly bad for Americans, who now spend most of their time over here, in this country. There is however, one feature in our social customs to which Americans never get used. In their own country the typical American hostess is always fussing and bustling about with a set determination that her visitors 'shall enjoy themselves. Eve over here the guests are left to entertain themselves and though this is sometimes charming, and %voids any strain on either hesteas or guest, it often appears cold and surprising to thelstranger. In one of the American States, it bas been ruled that an action for breach of promise of marriage, lies against the estate, of a deceased fiancé. In a case recently be- fere the Courts of Indiana, a young woman sued the executors of the man to whom she was engaged, and recovered a substantial sum for breach of contract. It is to be presumed that the poor man could not help dying, and if such a law were to become general, it would add a new terror to matrimonial engagements, against which an engaged couple could only provide by insuring their lives. An entertaining exhibition devoted to women's sphere in life, is to be held at the Hotel de Ville in Paris, dur- ing the coming summer. The object is not only to illustrate every department of home life, but also to show the woman at work in the various industriesovith a view to securing better conditions for women in the shops, and manufactories. There will also be a Congress to discuss woman's position in the world, so that those who are not merely interested in the mechanical appli- ances of vanity and usefulness, may listen to feminiee oratory upon those aecial questions and evils, for which humanity has not yet succeeded in finding .a remedy. So far we have never had a really comprehensive woman's exhibition, but the French are peculiarly suc- cessful in organising such displays, and in all proba- bility there will be much to be seen and heard at the Hotel de Ville, that will be specially interesting to women. Of dressy headgear we have an almost too abundant choice ; for morning wear and for the athletic girl there is less variety. The sailor shape is hopelessly overdone, and the Panama is the only real substitute. But a real Panama is a thing of price. It is delicate- in colour, seft as silk, will roll up into the pocket, and endure being sat upon uninjured, also, it lasts a life-time. Now, for one seassee's wear, we see on every side the cheap substitute, yellow in hue, and firm of outline. It is no doubt useful, but it is too frequent in its appearance, and a meeting between one of these moderns and a real Panama, is humiliating for the wearer el the former. Far better are the large tricorns hats, modified of shape, tipped forward over the eyes in true French fashion, and simply trimmed with soft silk and quills. In these cycling and tennis are possible and pleasurable; se Silk coats still obtain—indeed it seems to be essential that every wardrobe should contain a; least one of them . —and various are the makes of silk pressed into this service, quite irrespective of the gown below. There are taffetas, and glacet. also a sort of mixture of these two !makes called taffetas-elect% and all the host of brocleSa and le; osa dee. Semi-long are the majority sf these coats, some made in the prevailing Louis XV. style. with deep lapels, packets, and cuffs. These are all too frequently frilled, pleated, tucked, cut away and beset with insertion, bed;zened with jEt, steel, gilt, and other gleaming beads, or, loaded with silk pessementerie Mere successful, from an artistic point of view, are those coats which, built of rich material, boast moderate additions in the way of trimmings. The fash'enable handkerchief C has almost reached vani‘hing point, and this state of affairs is probably due to the disappearance of pockets. Numbers of women stow their hanokerchief in their sleeve, their belt, the pouched front of a blouse, and other convenient corners but to achieve this end gracefully, the handkerchief must be of almost microscopic proportions. The coloured varieties have teen popular during the past winter but the best dressed women are never to be drawn from , their allegisnce to the handkerchief of snow-white hue: Arrinle as the skirts are which, appear :in " ready- made " establishments they seem not ample enough for the ornamentation that is crowded on to them. Large geometrical devices, formed by strappings are tbere also eassementeries, mighty of scroll, outlined with jet, sequins, and othet gauds: Then the lace appliqués, These seem to grow larger every day. The wise among us will avoid even the least ereamented (?) among these skirts and instead build, or have built for us perfectly plain well fitting specimens, for the house and outdoor wear. There is a good deal of probability in the suggestion that people suffering from asthma or bronchial troubles may derive benefit by keeping a small quantity of coal tar in their bedrooms. The odour may not be agreeable but there is no doubt that the gases given off have a soothing effect upon the lungs. There is an old saying that anyone with a weak chest or inclined to pulmonary disease, should live near a tan yard, cr gas works. The spicy breezes from the tan pits may not he very pleas- ant, but tt eir therapeutic qualities are beyond question and everyone knows that the gasworks are regarded as a first class health resort for children suffering frorn whooping-cough. Three of Helen Mather' e well known novels, " A Man of To-day," "The Juggler and the Soul," and " The Sin of Hagar " have lately been taken over by Mr John Long and in future they will be published by him. "A Man of To-day "is now in preparation for issue in six- penny form, and this will be warmly welcomed by ell who are not yet acquainted with what has proved to be one of Helen Mather's most charming books. MADGE.

A LIVERPOOL INcIDENT.—A remarkable case was brought to the notice ot this paper and Investigated, in which a curs was effected by Dr WiMorrie pink pills for pale people In a striking way. The result 'of the investigation is given in another column cf this issue. There is evidence on all sides that this medicine is held in the highest esteem through th,e country. ,Dr Williams' pink pills have cured paralysis, lcccmotor ataxy, rheu- matism, and sciatica ; also all diseases arising from im- pow rishment of the blood, hcrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas,consumption of the bowels and lungs,ar Semis' pale and sallow complexion,general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back,nervour, headache, and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weAkness and hysteria. These pills are a tonics not a pureative. They are genuine only with the full name—Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by chemists, and by Dr Williams' Medicine Company. 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C., at 2s 9d a box, or six boxes for 13e 91. Pink pills sold loose or from glass jars are not Dr Williams' pipit pills ; accept them only in the pith' cicsed wrapper as above desr:ribed.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ADAMS

INCANDESCENT BURNERS,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ADAMS

iIiCANDESCENT MANTLES,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ADAMS

- INCANDESCENT CHIMNEYS. TUE BEST AND CHEAPEST AT 80, ST. ZA.DIES' PLACE, OR 14, SMITEDOWNI•ROAD, LIVERPOOL. You WINDOW GLASS. SILVER PLATE. I'6R SHADES AND STANDS AT .

AD A.M S

212, NORTh HILL STRSET, LIVEBPO:.)L

===== 0002601_19020314_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIVERPOOL WOMAN IN T ROUBLE. Remarkable Affair in Edge-lane.

Investigation has recently been made into the rather remarkable iociiient concerning a Liverpool woman, which has attained some publicity in the Edge—lane district of the city. The matter is full of interest for itself alone, but it becomes more important inasmuch as it is not an isolated instance by any means, but one typical of the state of things among women in that and other parts of Oa city. The affair relates to Mrs Sarah Ann Webster, a woman of forty-one years of age, who resides at 508, Edge-lane, Liverpool.

MRS. WEBSTER (from a photograph.) Mrs. Webster stated to a reporter that her troubles commenced three years ago. "1 was taken," she says, " with pains in my stomach and across my body. I had to go about the kitchen stoopinge—l couldn't stand up straight. I was that way for months, and it is only through taking Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people that I sin strong and well as you see me to-day. I first called in a doctor, who ordered me to bed, and I was in Led three days. It turned out to be ulceration of the coating of the stomach. I could not keep anything on my stomach. It all came back, and I was that weak through lack of nourishment that I couldn't lift my hand up to my mouth. Indeed it would be difficult te exaggerate the suffering. I exe perienced, until by good fortune I learned the merits of Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people. The pain I suffered before I knew of them mulct be described. I was under the doctor uutil I was sick and tired of going and I have a cupboard lull of empty medicine bottles- They eased me for a time, you know, and then I was as bad as ever. The disease,called in medical language gastric ulcer, arises out of neglected indigestion. Every time I ate anything I suffered intense pain until it came bock,aed then'l would be as hungry as ever. But in time even hunger deserted me,Lr I became very weak and ill through lack of sufficient nourishment, and did not feel like eating. Of course," Mrs Webster went on, " my weakmess got much greater, and, indeed, after a time I couldn't do my little bit of work, and for three years this went on ; it was perfectly miserable for me and everybody." "Mow did It stop ? Well, I'll tell you. One day, about six months ago,one of my sots read in the paper about a cure by Dr Williams pink pills for pale people. It referred to a person who bad the same ailment as myself. My husband said to me, 'lt will never break us ; we will get a bog of Dr Williams' pink pills and try them.' Tie got a box and after I had taken four Pills I found great relief. I kept on, and I got altogether seven boxes of Dr Williams' pink pills, and the last box is only half empty. Dr Williams' pine pills acted in A marvellous way on my stomach. They seemed to heat the ulcerated coating, which formerly rejected all food, and as time went on I could take a stronger and stronger diet, without suffering those bad pains. They gave me a good appetite. I can now eat my food and enjoy it, the pain has gone onmrelY, and now lam as well as ever I was in my life. " Yes, I really believe, in fact Pm quite sure, that Dr Williams' pink pills cured me, and nothing else. I would not be without a box of them in the house for anything. No, I don't at all mind you publishing what I say. Dr Williams' pink pills have done me good, and my experience may be of benefit to others."

WORE OF 'THE EmIGRANTS' INFORMATION OFFICE.— The amnial report of the Emigrants' Information' office has been issued as a Parliamentary paper. This showed that much valuable W.orMation concerning our chief Colonies bad been supplied to intending emigrants. The number of letters despatched from the office during the year was 50,511, or r eirly 3,000 more than in the previous year. Canada,Soutti Africa, and New Zealand were the subjects of the largest number of inquiries, Caned% and South Africa. attracting most attention. Boards for the posting, of information were now ex- hibited at more than 300 public libraries in different parts rf the country. COMMERCIAL FAILURES —According to Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy . Proceedings in England and Wales. gaztt,,d during the week ending March Bth, was 87. 'the number in the corresponding week of last year wde 83, showing an increase of 4, being a net decrease in 1902,t0 date.of 13. ELASTIC SMCKINGS, KNEC CAPS, &:C.—For Varicose Veins and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs, Sprains Ac; they are porous, light In texture, and inexpensi ye and and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s Bd, 7564, and 10s 64 each.-Postages free.—WHITE AND WRIGHT Surgical Instrument and Truss lidakers,93, Rensitaw•stzeet op of Bold-street, Liverpool.

_, - ~. ei, _-_-_.,..7.7,,,,-.7.41„. if r;),.....-;,-,-,,,v::_c, ti,,.! , , it,„, .......... .:.....,. cl ~....,.. ._._v, \s, - 7 (, ....„..... ~ ....,___. A \ ~. , 1 ~ .17V7710 1 \ ''''' , ,", ,`\ S' 1!1'' 1‘:, At' 114 ,I) ',\i; ' i,, „*, ‘,:' , '''. '4'‘ / 1 1 lif 7111 I ,til,''ll.'ll,l: 'lli.' sc,:. , t \ -ii iil ICcl 1, ‘4,',.‘70,, tii\,t ',...'...0 t i 1 rk.,.. ~ 1\,,,1„0„,,,),,,,,, ----![,"! % , \w,,4 1,,v ~, ~ ,

I

===== 0002601_19020314_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK

ILLUSTRATED.

DIR. HORATIO BOTTODILEY.

THZ EOTTOMLEY-HESS LIBEL Au

, N

Of late the various members of the,Royatfamily, from His Majesty downwards, have been very busy visiting various parts of England and officiating at different social ceremonies, and gn Wednesday last the Prince of Wales was present at Manchester to open formally the new building, named Whitworth Hall, in connection with Owen's College. This addition, which has been in the process of being built for a long time, is a very fine adjunct to the College buildings, which it, so to speak, completes by filling up the south-east angle of the bite. On its north side stands the large tower which has for many years been the principal feature of the College, while on, the west. it touches the Christie Library, which was, until the erection of Whitworth Hall, the newest portion of the Owen's buildings. It is bounded upon two sides by important thoroughfares having Oxford Street on the east and Burlington thoroughfares, on the south. On the around floor of Whitworth Hall are a number of comparatively small rooms, about eighteen feet square, which will be used for various purposes, and include a kitchen, which will be useful in the serving of any banquets in the Hall PROF. HOPKINSON, THE PRINCIPAL OF OWENS COLLEGE.

• WHITWORTH HALL THE IMPOSING ADDITION TO OWEN'S COLLEGE, MAN- CHESTER, OPENED BY THE PRINCE OF WALES THIS WEEK. above. This hall is a very fine room, 130 feet long by fifty wide, with a stage at the north end, surmounted by galleries and a magnifi- cent organ, the gift of an anonymous donor. it is roofed with oak on the hammer beam principle, somewhat modified, and the roof is sustained by buttresses and six great granite columns. The Prince of Wales was reCeived by Professor Hopkinson, the Principal of Owen's College, and others of the leading lights, and opened the building with a very neat and complimentary speech. His Royal Highness was also entertained 'to luncheon by the Lord Mayor and Corporation. As these lines are penned Society is agog with excitement in anticipation of • the 'list Drawing Room or Court of King Edward VII. and the Queen Alexandra, which, being solely by invitation issued directly by Lord Clarendon, the Lord Cham- berlain, will naturally be a very brilliant and select affair, to which access has not been so easily gained as is only too common to most functions of London Society in the Twentieth Century. The interest is greatly . added to by the 'fact that this first Court of the new King and his Consort marks a definite change in the order of Royal ceremonials from that which has been followed for THEIR MAJESTY'S FIRST more than three- COURT : THE EARL OF CLAREN- quarters of a cen- DON, THE LORD CHAMBER- tury, as not since LAIN. Queen Charlotte passed away have the official . presentations of ladies been made to their Majesties in the evening. The hot Drawing Rooms of the late Queen Victoria, with theii long periods of waiting at uncomfortable times in dresses more suited for the evening than the afternoon, were not popular either with dowagers or debutantes, and the reversion to the old order of things has been hailed with great delight. In addition' there is no doubt that such functions look far better and more natu- ral by artificial light than in the glare of the afternoon. The first of the Courts of King Edward and Queen Alexandra will be a particu- larly gorgeous affair, as their Majesties have made a great point that all possible members of the Royal Family at present in England shall attend, with the result that the circle round the Throne will be the most notable seen for many• a long year, while the Court for the first time really goes out of half-mourning. Her Majesty will wear a dress of the palest yellow, and some very rare jewels which have not been seen in public for years. It also marks the beginning of what is likely to be a very brilliant round of functions and festivities in the Coronation season, which may be said practically to commence with this Court at Buckingham Palace, though there will be a short • abeyance at Easter, when the King will go to the Riviera and her Majesty will be in Denmark. All last week Mr. Justice Grantham and a special jury were busy in investigating a libel, or rather a series of libels published in the Critic, Mr. Henry Hess's paper, upon Mr. Horatio Bottomley, the financier, who will always be connected in the

THE PLAINTIFF AND CEriINHAN (Sketched in Court) public mind with the Hansard Union'fiasco. The attack upon Mr. Bottomley was characterised by the judge as "gross and serious:---in fact, veno- 3nous," and one which,-if not fully proved, should ,carry substantial damages,.and there is no question but that, if it had gone against the plaintiff, it would have meant the complete ruin or his credit, whereas the verdict in his favour for Ll,OOO leaves no. doubt as to his position. In the first place, 111 r. Hess asserted that Mr.`Bottomley had narrowly escaped conviction. and could not rely upon his acquittal—a statement which the judge held that the defendant was not justified in making. Doubts were also cast upon the genuineness of the restitu- tion which Mr. Bottomley had made in the matter. It will be remembered that, upon acquiring a fresh fortune' the financier put aside a quarter of a million for the ruined shareholders of the Union, of which only about one-third was claimed. Another serious charge which Mr. Iless preferred was that Mr. Bottomley had endeavoured to obtain election to Parliament in the South Hackney division by open bribery, and that he had paid the local landlords to supply voters with free refresh- ments. Altogether, the libel complained of was most generously all-embracing, and was evidently ,designed to drive Mr. Bottomley once and for all out of public life and the realms of finance. Ow- ing to the plaintiffs application to have the action tried by another judge, as Mr. Justice Grantham badtried a.previons action of his which had some bearing on the case, his lordship's summing-up was ikokedlorzassltio with iipen§t, but it. wto dicc

. . -,- . MA^ . • . ki• - -1•-- . , . . /,..•::, •;„:.":1,(,:' , . , ' "- , ~.,..,, ! 't,N4.17.;,1,,1 ( 0., i r'i-7-::'44 • 14 illi ; 'LL,,,i ,i , , C 11(1'4 VI 11 tiA . il 1 ) 1 -.A i: , ,; I I-1 lit, • • .. A •-11iiltii--.ili- ,4, .. ~!,.1 ' 1,,4,11111,f•/•-11 !CA lo . .. 3 !Ii • Aft_ ...-_, IL • -1 \)i••• , - I_,f • 141. c.,11:1. 1,1,1, i:! 4-c' 11 11i7'• P11;1 1 !i ! i4'-:------------------------------' - ------ -.-r.--,-,_•'-"---, --;------, _. _-.-- , .-

• Ts ." •••••••• tWt "ft; A • •

2 e /7 -'" HENRY HESS. :TION T.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
in favour of Mr. Bottomley, whose motion had been dismissed by the Lord Chief Justice, In conclusion, Mr. Justice Grantham gave a tip to the public—" to leave financial bickering 3 of this nature alone," but it must be added that they are not without edification for the unwary speculator, as they give him valuable side-lights on the ways of the Stock Exchange and wire-pulling. - Quite one of the most interesting engagements announced for a verflong time is that of General Sir Frederick Lugard to Miss Flora Shaw, the well- known lady journalist. The former is best known as the practical founder of our now considerable stretch of Empire in West Africa, and has held the post of Governor of Nigeria since its cession to the Crown by the erstwhile Company. Originally a GEN. SIR FREDERICK LIIGARD.

37 INTERESTING ENGAGEMENT. soldier without fortune, if not actually a soldier of fortune, Sir Frederick Lugard, more by chance than anything else, struck West Africa and made it his caraping,ground for many years, gradually working up his reputation until his is now one of the best-known names in the Empire, and -he ranks as both military and civil founder of the large confines of Nigeria with its hinterland and neighbouring territories. In the days when he threw in his part and lot with the West Coast of Africa, it was looked upon. as the white man's grave, and still is, though to a somewhat lesser extent, but hi a health stood the climate, and materially aided his mental and military abilities in making his career so successful. His bride-elect, Miss Flora Shaw, has for many years been at the head of the Colonial department of the Times, and written much in luminous and lucid style which has greatly developed the public knowledge of our fellow-subjects across the seas. She has held special commissions from the Times, in Australia Canada, Klondyke and South Africa, and by each has added to her name. The last named is the one in which she came most within the eye of the whole world, as she was out in Cape Colony' at the time of the Jameson Raid and, being in the confidence of the conspirators, was of invaluable service to her paper. She was one of the leading persons in the events which led up to the Raid, and had to give evidence before the Commission on the subject, in which her name was frequently men- tioned. The engagement is a widely popular one, and Sir Frederick Lugard and Miss Shaw will be wished a long and happy married life by the whole Empire. Mr. Brodrick made a sweeping condemnation of the whole Volunteer Service, in a speech delivered last week before the HouQe of Commons. Naturally there was a deal of protest from several members, who are themselves volunteers, but it re- mained for Col. Sir Howard Vincent to prove that Britain owed a debt of gratitude

to the Volunteers which she will find it hard to

Ray. It is true

- . that the Secre-

tary of State for

Wzir affirmed that

he yielded to no man, in his ap-

predation of die efforts of the Volunteers, but

, at the same time be seemed to think that be-

cause he pro-

duced a -few THE VOLUNTEERS AND isolated instances EFFICIENCY : COL. SIR in which officers HOWARD VINCENT, M.P. and other mem- bers of Volunteer THE CHAMPION OF THE VOL(.

------- ' ' Corps contrived SEERS. to draw money from regimental funds for purposes other than military efficiency, he had therefore a strong case against the whole of the Force. In a vigorous and lucid speech Sir Howard Vincent contended that Mr. Brodrick's re- marks were totally unjustifiable. He denied that the Volunteers had laid claim to a position to which they were not entitled. He showed that although the standard of musketry had constantly increased, the facilities for shooting have absolutely diminished. He criticised the Duke of Bedford's statement that the country had a right to demand an efficient force of volunteers in return for its expenditure, and he proved that as a force the Volunteers is the cheapest in the world. It costs the ratepayer only £3 10s. per man per head, whereas the regular soldier costs £lOO, the militiaman £B, and the Imperial Yeoman £39. The Volunteer Force was raised solely for home defence, yet in 1899 it was the first to offer its services to the field force, and in j'anuary, 1900, it gave 10,787 men to the regular 'Army. In 1901 it gave another. 5,985 inen and 5,000 to the Imperial Yeomanry. Considering these facts and the knowledge that the Volunteers labour under innumerable disadvantages, it will be seen that the country is receiving very good value for the money it expends on the Force. ' If only Parliament does not withhold its august consent and see some red-tape reason for refusing the British Museum's petition, that national insti- tution will almost immediately extend its storing- room by acquiring large premises at Hendon for the:filing of the back numbers, and old files of provincial newspapers, which, are not likely to be wanted once in six months, if at all. As every- body knows, the British Museum premises in Bloomsbury are crammed to overflowing with all manner of printed matter. The book-cases have to stand two and three deep, one in front of the other. while the collection of old newspapers is unwieldy in the extreme. Something, therefore, must be

, ~., , '', %.,..........i i,.• , . , \ . ' • ' '-* 4"N:;::"..4. ' ~- ~- 1 ..„, .., •,,,,.. ...„ , `gr.;,......._ \,...... .., --,- •, - ~ - r\F;,),-... ... ),,,. ..':.'":: • :.. c,.!...--, _,,,:...,..v..• „. , , ~,,/,,,,,, ~,.,,,,,,, k,, \•.,/\,:, .„,,i,.• , . •;,,,,h __. MISS FLORA SHAW. A.

~.,-,-"---- .1., , ,:. ' '' i 1 ll Can, rrti,:i:‘.'71:,,,.1 ke. 11.747, I ~, •••,.... _, ~,,,,v <—„.......",,, f„,..., ii:,, •,--,---..„),,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
vVARR)NGTON_INFIRMARY AND

DISPENSARY.

Report and Accounts.

The report and accounte of the Warrington, Infirmary and Dispensary for the year 1901 have jest been published. The Board of Management in their report state that they are pleased to 'be able to stale that whilst the ex- penditure has only increased to the extent of £l3 53 9d, the income bag increased to the exteet of £644 7a 9d. This is mainly accounted for by the special efforts made by the Workingmen's Cominittse in promoting a cycle parade ard carnival, Increased income derived trom the purchase of the leasehold property adjoining the Institu- tion, and an increase in the congregational collections. ' Toe net rental derived from the leasehold property yields an income of nearly four per cent on the purchase price, as against three per cent received from Lanca- shire and Yorkshue Railway Debenture Stock. The adverse balance brought forward from last year of £1,140 17. 81 has been reduced to £563 3s 2d. The Beard appeals to the friends of the institution to wipe out this adverse balance. There has been a decrease in the number of patients treated in the house of 168 as compared with the year 1900; the average number of beds cceupied being 2948, and toe average cost per bed, after allowing the usual Is 6d per head for out-patients and 4s per head for home patteuts, was £7O Us 61 as against £59 lie lid in the precediog year. The Board beg to acknowledge an intimation from the Executors ot the 1 ite Mr John Crosfield, who was a trustee and be governor, and whose death is much regretted, that he has bequeathed a legacy of £l,OOO, free of duty, to the institution. They have also to record with regret the death of Mr Charles John Holmes, who was a life governor, and of Mr Robert Davies, who was a tutee and life governor. Mr G P Dewhurst, of Oughtrington Park, becomes a life governor in respect of a gift of £25. MEDICAL BOARD'S FIRST ANNITAI REPORT. fal"The increase in size, importance, and work of the Warrington Infirmary has of late years pointed to the advisability of submittiag to the governors of the hospital an annual report on the general conditions of its working and prospects from the Honorary Medical Staff in addition to the more sietalled etetiatica furnished in the report of the Resident Medical Officers. This course hap ticeo followed with advantage mother hos- pitals and the staff have great pleasure in submitting this the first report to you. In the outset we beg to congratulate the hospital on the smoothness of the wcrk- ing, and of the cordial relations which now and always have existed between the Board of Management and the Medical executive. This i 3.11 subject of congratula- tion in that it secures the most efficient application of the:hospital funds for the charitable purposes for which they were designed. Before commenting on the statistics of our wcrk a word is needed as to the members of our staff. The lamented death of Mr J U Oornall deprived us cf a comrade and the hospital of one whose name had been moat honourably associated with it for very many ears. Mr Charles White has resigned his post of honorary consultant and with it his ee sition on the staff. His prolonged association with the Warringten Infirre- ary is so writ known to all that it needs no setting forth bore. The intense and active interest he has always taken in is well-b4ng will, we feel sure be retained in spite of his retirement. His services to the hospital on the Board of Management have been as assiduous as those in his more special department, viz, Chairman of the Medical Committee. In this latter office his advice and direction on the committee have been as conspicu- ously valuable as his dicta at our medical consultations and it was with the unfeigned regret el every member of 3 oer staff that the anneuncement of his resignation of office was received. The resignation of Mr J Guest Oornall, rendered compulsory by his appointment to the important post of /Medical Officer of Health, whilst depriving the hospital of his valuable assittince on staff, will, we are glad to know, retain his services for the good of his native town. On the resident staff, Messrs Battle and Unripe resigned office in pursuance of their medical careers elsewhere. Whilst recognising and cordially acknow- ledging their good work we congratulate ourselves on securing in their plebe the efficient services of Messrs More and Ferguson. As to the hospital ststistics. On three occasions some of tile wards have bad to be kept empty for some time swing to the outbreak of infectious disease (measles and scarlet f-ver.) This not only has decreased the active usefulncite of these wards but again strongly emphasises the growing necessity for the provision of isolation wards which'do not at present exist. The recent out- break of smallpox and possibility of an epidemic of this disease also points imperatively in the same direction. Partly owing to this compulsory closure of the wards, the hospital has been able to accommodate fewer cases than in the preceding year. Another factor is that the number of patients who wer3 received for shore periods —of a few days only—has been necessarily diminished, a fact aft Penne the mere, aggregate number of in-patients to a considerable extent. On the other hand the num- ber of out-patients, home-patients, and accidents, has shown a very considerable increase, showing on the whole the ever-enlarging work of the Infirmary. It is a subj-ct of great moment to point out that con- siderable additions will be needed to the accommodation and equipment to bring the efficiency of the hospital into line with that of similar institutions. The provision of a Roentgen apparatus is almost sine quci non, and with the laying do ern of the electric phut in the town should be easily attainable. The treatment of skin and other diseases by specially devised apparatus is every -day marking its value, and the necessity of providing hospitals with them. The possibility of the value of similar appliances in the treatment of cancer is of great importance to Warringtonitself a wall-marked centre ef this terrible disease. The present accommodation for the nursing staff in the hospital can only be described as wretchedly inade- quate and inconvenient. We would suggest to the Governors the extreme urgency of the provision of a properly-constituted Nurses' Home, both for the effici- ency of the hospital itself and as a means of supplying nurses for private cases in this district—a great desideratum. The hospital lift for 'conveyance of patients to the different floors of the building and to and from the operating theatre is cumbrous and clumsy, and quite inadequate to its requirements. The provision of an elactrio or other lift is in our opinion urgently indicated. We recognise that these recommendations contemplate a heavy outlay, but we anneal with con- fidence to our Board of Management—an-el through them to our Governors and the Warrington public—for the provision cf means to carry them out. They are abso- lutely necessary to maintain the cherished efficiency of the Warrington Infirmary, which hat alwaye hitherto received the energetic support of the Warrington pub- lie.—E. A Fox, G W Joseph, C E Richmond, Ernest E Bowden."

===== 0002601_19020314_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
NOUSE SURGEON'S REPORT.

1111Dr7 H Mort. in his report,states that during the year 1901, 456 patients were admitted to the infirmary, of whoin 290 were males and 166 females. This shows a decrease of 168 as cowered with the year 1900. Of three 370 were surgical, and 86 medical cases. The surgical cases include 202 admitted as accidents. 33 deaths have oeeurred In the institution during the year, 23 as the result of accidents and 10 from disease. Many of these patients were adinitted in a moribund condi- tion, 14 dying within 24 hours of admission. The Con- valescent beds occupied during the'year were distributed as follows :—Barnes Convalescent Hospital, 5; South- port Convalescent Hospital, 6; So.,thport. Children's Sanatorium, 8; Devonshire Hospital, Buxton, 6; total 25. The number of operations performed during the year numbered 132, thus showing a decrease of 41 as com- pared with last year. The new home patients treated during the wear numbered 1,137, which represents an increase of 41 as compared with the rear 1900 2,511 new out-patients were treated at the Disperssary.'aia in- crease of 34 on last years nunobtrs. The accidents and emergencies numbered 2,640 against 2,406 last year. The total number ef patients treated at tbe Dispensary Is thus 8,288, as compared with 5,979; an increase of 309.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
•TIIS BALANCE SHEETS.

.-- -- The balance sheets shbmitted, bear out the statemen of the Board of Management. that the income has 10. creased to the extent of 044 7a 93. The additional expenditure compared with last year is £l3 5; 93 There is stilt an adverse balance owing of £5633; 21.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LIKE UNTO A HAND,

This is written in mil-Septcmter. The short Eoglish summer is qui!e gone. Fading leaf, withering tree and the homeward flight of tourists, are signs of the season. Fog, frost, rain, snow.—they are coming. You remem- ber last winter; of 1900 and 1901. The weather was cruel. Ah ! the thousands it killed, and the hundreds of thousands it maimed and crippled. Oh, the rough grasp it laid on men at work, women at home, and nildren in cribs and cradles. Coughs that began at Autumn Bank Holiday are racking and tearing them still: yes, and Rr)wila;.; worse as they dig • deeper into the poor, tirel throat and lungs. Many (who knew what to do) were saved by using 80139311'3 Porous Plaster'. Others, the majority (who did not know) why, BRITISH MUSEUM. even they may yet be releved by this remedy,—if not cured. For the soothineand healing'power of Benson's done; and by the carting of these scarcely requires' Piasters is I;ke fresh air to the BUDA, or food to the files of old provincial papers, many of no practical hungry. They are like the touch of a hand value whateVer, to Hendon, only a few miles out of - TINGLING WITH VITAL FORCE. ' London, the pressure will be relieved in the depart- No other plaster, nn other medicine or application, ment for papers with the least possible inconvenience can compare with them. Coughs, colds backache, to the public. If any particular file should hap- rheumatism,lunabago,kidney and 1 ver troubles, asthais, pen to be wanted, it will simply mean that the influenza,—they all go down before Benson's Plasters person in need of it will have to give the authori- as the Dragon did before St Gorge. Nothing else is 80 ties twenty-four hours' notice and wait a day instead quick and sure. You can't throw money away on a of half-an-hour, but this is a very small matter corn- Banana's Plaster. Everybody is going to use them this season. For once pop urar;ty will keep step witb good pared with the present state of affairs and the cases are likely‘ to be so isolated as to be of little ssense. But make certain you get the genuiqe. Look sale in Warrington by if M account. It is' calculated that each year the Ahsahrtponwr Enut:42-7s.treFetor; Boots Ltd, 5 &nit 55, Bride'- already over-crowded Museum; receives some street; kill and C, Buttermariv.t-street ; H Miller, 77, 26.000 books, some 220,000 newspapers, and Bridgc-street ; and Jlt Young, 40, Sankey-street. some 1,700 MSS., to say nothing of a perpetual • influx of prints, medals, coins, sculpture and , antiquities, but it is in the appalling total of the newspapers, and after them the books, that the . conjestion chiefly arises,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OVERSTOCKED NEWSPAPER STORES AT THE

FOOTBALL THE NORTHERN UNION.

A Cup-Tie Forecast. • The "Yorkshire Post" says That hardy annual, the Northern Union Cup Competition, will spring suddenly into prominence on l6atarday next. To trace the probable course of the tournament, to forecast the winners of the various rounds right up to the final itself, is an amusement popular for the nonce among the football community concerned. As in the old Yorkshire Coallenge Cup Competition —which still has its enthusiastic adherentiareduced in numbers though they be—it is possible to pre- pare a complete chart of the draw before a match is played. In this the tournament differs from that of the Football Association Cup,wherein each draw is made separately, at a cost of much incon- venience and uncertainty. Many Associationists have advocated the adoption of the Yorkshire Challenge Cup system for toe Football AssJciation Cup, but the Association managers prefer their own and old-established procedure. A draw of GI clubs works out into four sections of 16 each, and the best—or should it not be the most fortunate ?—cub in each 16 will appear in the semi-final round. To discover the probable quartet to reach the penultimate stage of the Northern Union tournament is the object of this article. Toe respective " squares " may be dealt with in the order in which the Cup circle is evolved from the complicated and unsymmetrical official het. -a Cup Committees never have an eye to the Euclidical art. Tbey draw their rough problems from the hat, and leave the newspaper man to do the rest. Briefly stated, the chief clubs in the first of the four squares are Rochdale Hornets, Huddersfield, Millorn, Leeds, Dewsbury, Manningham, and Salford. Hudders- field and Leeds aught to meet at Faxt)wn in Round 3, and tile winner should have Salford at home in Round 4, Salferd's only difficult task up to this point being at either Dewsbury or Manningnam—probably at Dews- bury. Leeds folk are confident of having the fourth round at Efeadiugley,but success in a (nip tie is not easy at Fartown, as we think Loeds and Saltord will find out in turn in Rounds 3 and 4. which are the only rounds Huddersfield can have at home. For the present, Viers- fore, Huddersfield can b 3 written down as the first of the semi-finalists. In the next section, the constituents include Batley, Warrington, Bradford, Leigh, Runcorn, and Oldham, together with Brighouse Rangers, Barrow, South Slaieldif, Castleford, Bramley, and ether impossible Cup winners. The crucial match in this section will prob- ably be Batley v Bradford in Round 3. and it is the writer's opinion that the winner of that tie will take part in the dual, Bradford's task at Warrington in Round 2 promises .to be ve y difficult—they found a similar task there too difficult last year—but they should accomt lish it this time, and if so, there will be a tremen- dous battls the following week at Mount Pleasant. It may be accepted es a fact that the Batley team them- selves are looking forward to Bradford's visit with keen z,st, and that the Bradfordians would also like to have toe opportunity of regaining a lost lauret or two in the engagement. It is a very awkward tio t ) forecast, but past experience of Batley v Bradtord Cup bat:les, extending back to the mid bO'a, justifies the nomination of Batley as tueprobab!e winner, should the foitbal Fates belni' the dabs together. The third" square "probably contains the next cup- holders. Broughton Rengers, Hull Kingston Rovers, Hull. Halifax, and Swinton crate the list, and of thme the Northern Rugby League champions hold the advant- age of meeting their most formidable rivals—the Hull clubs, Halifax, Or Swinton—it home. Swinton's severe downfall at Betley last Saurday probably concealed the tnam's real programme against Halifax this week-end. Halifax followers think their team can succes4 ally pull the " Lion's" tail, nor is this thought at all unreason- able. Yet, in the writer's opinion, while Swinton may not beat Halifax at Hanson Lane, they would be more litroly to vanquish Broughton Rangers at Waeater's Held in Round 4 than Halifax would. The probabilities are, however, that it is Halifax, and not Swinton, who will be called upon to visit Broughton in Round 4. Unlr ss the Heckmendwike Club,who are drawn to have the first four rounds at home, are equal to accepting the proffered kreatness, or Ho beck can please their friends by showing. that Senior Competition football is not. necessarily a secood-claas article, there seem' to be nothing in the final seotlon to prevent Widnes or Rimelot appearing in the penultimate stage of the tournament. Wakefield Trinity, after beatieg Nsrmanton at home— as they ought to do—have to go to Widnes, and there we fancy Hunslet will follow them. It is a very easy sec- tion for a first-olass club to work their way through,and if Hamlet had been playing consistently, there need

===== 0002601_19020314_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
IRTER'S

GAL ITTLE lifErt Small Small PILLS •bsoluttli, cck.. yr Torpid f

===== 0002601_19020314_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SOZODOWT

Will Sweeten tha Breath al dam and make all the difference Ilia

tween— Absolutely cure Sick Headache, Siliousness, Torpid Liver, Inch- 1 Good Teeth and Bad 'reels. gestion. Constkation, Dizziness. Whit Teeth and Yellow Teeth. Furred Toague. They Touch the Pretty Teeth and ugly Teeth CompleTte in Toilet "-se,„ 1112 t be rose they +Qv prvizar,,,- uve. „

• .e'

===== 0002601_19020314_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
r r" 7° Ps vto, " TEcilitaoEir THE hi-04 8t.:4.K nw

published with full names and addresses, portraits, press confirmation, and every conceivable facility for investigation, prove beyond all doutt the cures that have been effected by

===== 0002601_19020314_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ell A irt tuii 7 Er 7 git 44, ; FF2 A tF,J N _Am . OH. HILIJ

to excel in importance and

A CLERGYMAN OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

There is Security ln

feit iron on the teetbbrnii every morning

Unquestionable Truth those claimed for any ether medicine.

BOARD' OF GUARDiAPIS IViErex,ER.

surrounded by his

Happy- rind Healthy Flintily. (From a photograph by Thos. Forrest & Sons, Pontypridd.)

Ma. THOMAS WILLIAMS, member of the Pontypridd Board of Guardians, said: "' There was a time when I was a fitter subject for the undertaker than for the representative of the electorate of tfie Rhondda Division of the Pontypridd Guardians. My appetite failed and a strange depression followed, to which I had hitherto been unaccustomed; duties which were light and pleasant to me in the past became irksome, and altogether a great change seemed to have come over me. At first I appeared to be suffering from indigestion, but by degrees after having tried several remedies and consulted doctors, I gradually became worse, the climax coming when I was compelled to take to my bed. I had most excruciating pains in my back, and was unable to move about without agonising torture. I was induced to try a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and the change was almost incredible. I derived benefit from the pills even in the first two or three days. The pains in my back, which were

CAUSED BY SCIATICA, were relieved, my appetite returned, and all the food I took seemed to do me good. "I had sunk so low that it took a long time to bring me back to health, but I per- severed with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and, as you see, I am now as strong and healthy as one could wish to be. During the time I was taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I had no other medicine, and I honestly believe they are unequalled in the whole world."

No Such Testimonials have ever been Oven to any Advertised Medicine until now. The inference is obvious.

you suffer from paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, sciatica, impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption, anamia, weakness, pains in the back, neuralgia, early decay, and hysteria, you will find these pills priceless. They act directly on the blood, and thus it is that they are so famous as a curative where other medicaments fail. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and, are sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, at 2s. 93. a box, OY six boxes for 130. gd,

Warrington Wigan 1 60,77 a 2.4E1 Barrow-in-Furness 1 57,54 7,972 Bury Ashcon-un'er-Lyne 1 51,080 7,978

Total Sz Gen'l Age 34 2,437,191 352,668 71,662 10,373 In the case of Liverpool, Manchester, and B.ilf.on the population within the municipal boundaries is much greater than in the Parliamentary elnstituencies, viz :- Liverpool 684,947, Manchester 543,969, and 13 iltont 162,205. Tnere are minor differences in several of the other boroughs • A redistributic.n scheme will no doubt make the boundaries cc- vensive. Lancashire-like Cneshire-has no constituency which will lose direct representation under a Redistribution Bill, the populttion in every case exceedinz 50,000. The average for the borougn seats is 71,682, and the number of electors ore seventh of the population. If the boroughs had their full Oar- of representation they would possess 39 instead of 34 members and amongst the claimants to increased representation would be Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham. Butoley, po,=sibly Sat- ford, and-when the boundaries are extended, Bo:ton- -1 We next give the county divisi, ns in order of popu- lation and with the number of electors :- Division. Population. Electors. Bustle 121,099 - 18,531 Blackposl Clitheroe Prestwich. ..... ... ..... 103.001 West Houghton 97.367 Stretford Gorton Eccles 92 812 Southport 90.244 Accrington Newton Leigh 79,4E5 ' Once 79,344 Darwen 73,793 Lancaster ll,adcli if a -Cum- Parn worth 78,293 ... ~ 12,606 (Thorley 77,057 Ormskirk Middleton 74,713 Hossendale Widnes Heywood North Lonsdale

Total Average population in each of the 23 divisions 84,891. Average electors in each of the 25 divisions ... 14,315 The average population in the county divisions is 13,000 per member higher than in the boroughs and the number cdt electors nearly 4.000 higher. Ii s not a little remarkable that in 20 of the 23 couLty divisior a the population exceeds 70,000, while in nin;. it is over 90,000. This is in striking contrast to Yorhshra,wilere ten of the 26 divisions have populations under 60,000 and only tour above 90.000. The excess et the popula— tion in the Lancishire count divisions is so general that under a Bediitribution scheme it will be necessary to create several new divisions and to re-arrange the boundaries ot most of the existing divisions. To bring the representation of the county divisions up to the general average of the kingdom the number of members should be increaed from 23 to 31, an addition of eight, which with five additional members for the boroughs would bring the representation of Lancashire up to 70 Members.

Forty thousand indicated hone power is reported to be the energy which is to be Exerted in propelling the coming Cunard liner, plans of which are in preparation at Vicker's y'ard at Barrow, it the Fairfield shipbuilding yard, and at the Clydebank shipbuilding yard. This means an increase of. 7,000 indicated horse power over the two record-holding Gerrnan liners. The new vessel is to be 700 feet lmg, of 75 feet beam, 30,000 tons die- [placement.

• cIS, . • - '.. • - i '''''t ,° , , -, - "._•• '4 ''''' ''' 4 I" - 7,-. ' t,' 1,, . - . 11,A, 0r,,,,, -, :----X-' ,II ~,..,,,,:"". •!• L,I , . ,11 ow ~. , • 4 ...- , , , ..,1 -,, .1, I,' 11 /A ,w, 4 1' 'i' ''ll '''''' .'"-:.• 4.,',', , •1N1„.10',4..''.- 1;,1 , ,101 , 1,,, !Pl ; l'l'l•ri P? FA ' )0/2,, , '• , ..,„;---,,,,,, „ ',4,1„:74, --_---",;:vor - ''',,.' :,, '‘vl,;' 4,1-,,,,,A ~..,,,,,, i to t,t w, is, ,y, , , y,,tit, ,i, 1, m 1,, ~, 4- ~,, :,-; „x.,‘. ,' , „, :, ,-', 5, ,• ' '"?, • ' tk,ki Nv ''t ,c%4, Cr- 1,• ''.!,`,e rt7c,<.--, -„- ,r, ~ ~:' .i, 4'0114 1, - A '=-. \• .; ....•'O7 ';•. k\\ ',. •-..- ' ', '(*f :''' ''' '1) , k 'I':1 ill a ' '-'' • I / ; - ,\„, t +4. i , ._,, 0- ,/,,t ~,,t, • ,„lw i,I ~-, ~,, -- 4, -,3,..,75,v../ f'; ~ q ~-1,-, 7, ---+ I,l'7''''' /,`I t ' 73 t I 'll • i '_-, , ~;‘,.)..>'.41,- ~‘ ,' ', • ,:\il,,i, ~,,. 1 4 tti ...;•,,, 1, \\\ A, . • gI•1 . lv ..e.PV.2/h. 4 t(',//,,'. '''•er • '',l`,*l ,i'i Ai , y///// iiIIIN . i•••• ‘k 1' v ,t. t • Mr. Thos. Williams, of the Pontytrid _d_ Board of Guardians,

, .... . ~. - 10.,'.1 'e.- ,;t11.,,;,• :. II % 01.,13,1„G,E,:e5dT00.ii.°,,r r LUig F rc 'd ' -r' t. ..., a. 2 .71ff2 V:..... :, Therefore cure your Indigestde, and fortify ;-, our system now 1 --,4: by tatting 71 - •.''' P -- - ~th 'g R ' 0! •.i.. ~ - - - ....! ee . ..' . '!..:•. . . 11 ' AR...eI: ri .r,..•, ' . • A 1 r kl'iLtt9 r :-1‘ ..r. "i...,,.1:.: - For Indigestion, Flatulency, tation of the Heart, and loss of al ,;:e- -..: :- tite, I ssoithl strongly recommend ,l •-• . Seigel's Syrup; it cured me of -',. ail these after two doctors hew iii3p. ' , failed, and in it few agmth: 1 --: ..`• bnd gahied. 11 lbs. in wtsight, ti: Witr.w.t Thr.r.NN, 24, at....N,';s .„.,. Barut G'W reen, orcs. .....%,:„..t. Aug. isth, low.- . ~,, sr gl. A N jr: ;k.; itoil, ~.,,111,.-.,.7,11‘..=,:.?.,.... 111 : „pq,:?,:,-;.,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A WELL-KNOWN YORKSHIRE COUNCILLOR.

MR. COUNCILLOR CHESTERFIELD, for fifteen years member of the Corporation of Rotherham, has not many years to live before be can count seven decades, but he is, considering his age, a healthy and hearty-looking man. He has a thriving business, is very popular, a thoroughly good business man, and is noted for quiet consistent work rather than for "gallery talk " at the Council meetings. .

But no public man can do his duty if he has not good health. Councillor Chesterfield has had several visitations of that dreadful scourge influenza, but in the spring of 1899 his illness took a severer turn than usual, and left behind it some serious after-effects.

"Whenever I stooped," said Councillor Chesterfield, "I had great difficulty in rising again, and I suffered severe pains in the back, which I put down to cold having

===== 0002601_19020314_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SETTLED IN MY KIDNEYS.

I also had severe rheumatic pains in my shoulder and down ,the arm to the elbow. I took what I considered a common-sense view of the matter. Having read in the paper an article on the curative properties of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, I procured a box of the pills. By thus treating the complaint in time I found a 5. -.y remedy, and prevented what might have . - a long illness. Before I had taken one box of the pills the pain in my shoulder disappeared altogether, and has

===== 0002601_19020314_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NEVER RETURNED SINCE.

have been no hesitation in booking for them a place in the semi-final round. As it is, the Widnes tie in Round 3 must look an ugly obstacle in the Parasider's eye. It results from tnis brief analydis of the Cup-tie prob- lem that the following is expected by the writer to be the constitution of the semi-final round : Fluddersfiell v. Batley. Broughton Rangers v. Widnes. To name outright the probable winners of the Cup is a haz irdous proceedmg, but circumstances jxsikty the selection for the poet of honour of BROUGH roN RINGERS.

I took the pills with the object of dispersing the pain in my back, but I was very pleased when the pain in my arm disappeared also. So of course I persevered with the pills and the pain in my back gradually left me. By the time I had taken four boxes of pills it had entirely gone." Mr. Chesterfield added that since that time he had thought so highly of them that he never allowed the house to be without /them, as he believes they will do all that is dlaimed for them. He very &adily gave per- mission for the fact § of his case to be published, in the hope that it may possibly benefit others. "You must have great faith in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ? " observed the interviewer.

Councillor Chesterfield replied, without the least hesitation, "Yes, I have. I believe if anyone will take them according to the printed directions they will find rapid relief." The reporter commented on the great value of such an expression of opinion coming from a public man so well known in the town, and Mr. Chesterfield repeated his faith in the efficacy of the pills to remedy ailments similar to his own. He added that he thought it only right to give his testimony to their value.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MRS. F. MONKS.

IVarrington people heard with sincere regret on Monday of the death of Mrs F Monks, wife of Mr F Monks J.P., of Walton Old Hall, who passed away at Smedley's Hydro, :klat- , lock, at an earls hour that morning. Tht,4 deceased lady, who was widely esteemed for her many estimable qualities,bad suffered from heart disease for a considerable time, and about a fortnight ago, not feeling well she decided to visit Matlock, where she hoped to recuperate. The end was quite unexpected, and when the sad news was made known in Warrington on Monday it came as a great shock to the relatives and friends of the deceased lady. The deepest sympathy is expressed for the husband and family in the irreparable loss they have sustained. Mrs Monks bad interested herself for many years in most of the local philan- thropic institutions, and her services on behalf of the Infirmary, of which she was one of the Ladies' Committee, and the Warrington and District Nurs- ing Association were given readily and ungrudg- ingly. Her loss will probably be most severely felt at Cairo-street Chapel and schools, which owe much ta her willing assistance in many ways. The body was cremated at Manchester on Wed- nesday, and on the following morning, the urn con- taining the ashes was deposited in the family grave connected with Cairn-street burial ground. The proceedings were of a strictly private character, only the relatives being pre.ieut to witness the interment.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAFNESS AND CHRONIC DRY CATARRH OF THE EAR.

Deafness caused by dry Catairh of the Ear, is so uni- versally regarded as a hopeless condition that it is a source of great satisfaction to know that the Drouet treatment has been wonderfully successful in this class of cases. The proof of this is be found in the February •• Supplement to the Journal for the deaf," which con- tains reports of a number of cured cases. A free copy ,of this publication can be obtained by addressing the Secretary of toe Drouet Institute, Regent,'s Park•road, , London, N.W. One of the most remarkable oases is that of Mrs Moat, and her cure, in view of her age (.78) and of the stubborn character of her Deafness, shows that the methods advocated at the Drouet Institute are so suc- cessful as to give the greatest hope to those whose de- fects of hearing have been pronouLced incurable. This patient expresses her satisfaction in havieg regained her hearing, as follows :- 21. Strawberry Bank, Dundee, Jan. 17th, 1902. Dear Sir,—Being in perftct health,and my hearing so much improved that I can hear distinctly anyone speaking from a platform. I feel in need of no further ttlitment.—Thanking you, I am, sincerely yours, Mrs MUAT.

Those who wish advice as to the application ot the Drouet treatment for any special case, should write for a Report Form, which enables anyone suffering from deafness, or any ear, nose and throat disease, to submit their case to the Consulting Physician. This Form is sent with the Journal and Supplement, and advice by correspondonce 18 always given free of charge.

At Southborough, on Wednesday night, aa outrage was committed on the grave of the little girl O'Rourke recently murdered at Tunbridge by Harold Apted. The tombstone was pulled down and an artificial wreath torn to pieces. Mr J L Toole completed his seventy-second year on Wednesday. On Thursday the patriarch cf the English stage, and the cliest actor in the world, Mr James Doe!, enters on his ninety-ninth year.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REDISTRIBUTiON PROBLEM.

Representation of Cheshire and

Lancashire.

Anomalies to be Remedied.

The recent speech of Mr Balfour on Redistribution not only commits the Government to the intrnduction of a Bill during the present Parliament, but also indic- ates the lines on which it will be drawn. The history and character of constituencies, as well as the popula- tion, will be taken into account, and there will be as little disturbance as possible of the continuity ot our present system of representatios. It may be assumed therefore, that the coming bill will be based upon the precedents of 1832,1867, and 1885, in depriving A certain number of small constituencies of direct representation, and giving the seats so lib.rated to overgrown county divisions and boroughs. TJ enable our readers Co see at a glaoc2 tee anom dies of our representative system, we give in the f allowing table the population totals and averages for each portion of the United Kingdom, and Also for Cheshire, Lancashire, Yorkshire, the metro- politan constituencies, and selected groups of fifty of the largest and fifty of the sinallest ersastituencies Average Populttion Name. Seats. Population. per Member. Raglan 1 Wales Scotland Ireland lOl ... 4,455,546 ... 44,124 Lancashire Yorkshire Cheshire London Largest Constituencies 5) ... 5,963,60 ... 119,210 Smallest Constituencies 53 ... 1,128,325 ... 22,5E3 •-

NOTE.—Uttiversity members are not included in the above figures. Woolwich and West Ham are reckoned as London Constitu sillies. The last two groups it:while constituen- cies in each of the three Kingdoms. It is scarcely necessary to point out that the interest of the above table centres in the last column, which snows the average population per member. The aver- age for the United Kingdom is 62,715,but it will be teen that in the fifty smallest constituencies it is only 22,566, while in the fifty largest constituencies it is no less than 119,210. It is foreign to our present purpose to discuss the question of Irish representation, bat the statistical side of the argument is forcibly set forth in the stove table. The County of Chester is represented by thirteen members five of whom sit for borougns, and eight for County divisions. In the following table we give the population for each constituency, and also the number of voters on this year's register : Boroughs Population Electors. Birkenhead Stockport (2 seats) 78.871 ..................12.551 Stalybridge Chester County Divisions Wirrall Altrinoham 78,796 Crewe 74.545 13orthwich 60,C99 Hyde 60.931 Knutaford 63,199 ltddisbury Macclesfield 51.700 The average peoulation per memner for the Cheshire boroughs is 56,512 and of electors 8,645. The oversee population for the eight county divisions is 68,799, ani Of electors 12,076. Owing to the overlapping of Lanes shire into Cheshire constituencies there is a total norm lation in the boroughs and county divisions of 832,951 as compared with 814,555 within the county boundaries In the last Redistribution Act b3roughs with less than 15,000 population were merged in county divisions, and in view of the growth ot the population during the Is.st two decades it is expected that the minimum for consti- tuencies will he raised in the coming Bill to 25,000 or 30,000. In 1885, two-member constituencies of less than 50,000 inhabitants were semi-disfranchised ; pro- bably the line will be drawn in the Government Bill at 70,000. In this ease Stockport will narrowly escape the loss of one of its members. Birki n'sead is one of the filty seats in the group of the la,gest constituencies and has an irresistible claim to a second member. Of the county divisions Wirral heads lh3 list with 100,830, while Eddisbury and Macclesfield are somewhat below the general average. Under a redistribution scheme there will be some modification ef the boundaries of the county divisions to render the population more equal, but as the average population of the eight divisions is only 6,000 above the standard for the king- dom there is not likely to be any addition to the representation. The net result of redistribution then, so far as Cheshire is concerned, will be the addition of one seat at Birkenhead and the re-arrangement of the county divisions. We next give the population of the Lancashire boroughs with the average per member in all boroughs returning more than one member. We also give the j number of electors on the 1902 register and the tortes- ! pending averages :

A'ge A'ge Pop'm R'tore per per Name of Borough Seats Pop'n B'tors meat. meat. Liverpool Mancnester Salford Oldham 2 194,197 3.4725 97,098 15,362 Bolton 2 130,602 20,055 65,301 10,(27 Blackburn 2 127,527 19,876 63,763 9,933 Preston Burnley 1 95,816 15,189 St. Helens 1 80 722 11,295 Rochdale

===== 0002601_19020314_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.....

===== 0002601_19020314_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht " e;anuner gpertes

T" - WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE ' EXAMINER." published every Saturday morning. T" .6 EARLESTOWN AND NRWTON EX AM INER, published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. 'I" "Rurtcous EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. T' .. WIDNES EIAMIL TR," published every Friday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One cbarge seenres insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEII.3. V7ANTEDS. TO BE LIM 18 WORDS k/D„ ON SALES, And 3el for each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under Is. per insertion.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Bomotit gmbants, Ur.

WANTBD, a good GIINHILAL aßliVANT,—Apply COM- MERCIAL HOEEL, Wig An.

WANTED good Et ENIDIAL able to wasb.—Apply 71 Claapmam Street, Hulme, Ilanchester.

AVANTED. Good GREER L; family of two; references. —lizwirr, 108. deotlAnd-road, Nelson.

147 NIliD, GENBRia. SICIIVA.NT, goot reterenCe.— V WILLIAM TAYLOR, 6, Irlam-road, bale, Cheshire.

IVANTED GENERAL. with good references, for small family.-18 HAIITERN DRIVE, Grassendale, Liverpool.

WVAIN SD STRONG Honest GIRL. age about 14 or 15 as General; good home.—ittpply 36 TALBOT BT,SOUthpOrt. TANTED, GBBRAL, good, about 18 ; housemaid kept. —Apply,stating wages,CLAßTE,Craig-y-don,Colwyn Bay respectab'e GIRL, about 16; one used to' y housework preferred; no family ; reference required.- -A.oply to Mrs. 3. CLEGG, 4, Brideoak-stre et, Waterhead Oldham.

ANTED

WASTRD strong tidy GIRLS as Generals,£l4 ; Laundry maid, £1.4 ; Wardmaid, £I2.—MATRON Infirmary, Southport.

AirARVID GIRL ab3ut 17, for housework, one in family ; good references required.—MßS. CLAYTON. 8, John-st, School-read, Sales

WAN: IsoDß,slluAnti-t. 2g4otho,a ab.oemspeectAaTeplayllslL,lLavb;Nunt Al,Bl TERRACE. Preston.

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT.abIe tn wash:must have good referenee.-8, CiROBY-11D. Chorlton-eum- hardy, Manchester.

AVA NI, TE IC)A. 41p(4), n 1 )ouGt S4I).N, vlleßuAtu Le balne ethoe s.vtatisrhor-1813Z185:18d., Road, Appleton, Widnes. WANTED GENERAL about 18. must have good refer- erlCElS ; four in family.—Address Mrs BRADLEY, 32 Grafton-street. Manchester.

AVAN LSD, at once, WORKING-HOLTSBKILEPRA ; middle-aged preferred. —lnagua HOWARD, Swat's Farm. Kirkby, near Liverpool.

WANTED, HOOSEHAID-WAlTktlidd tor private house, Esplahade, Fieetwood.—Apply Mrs, LE MARE, Promenade-road, Fleetwood,

WANTED good GENERAL, age 20 to 30, plain cooking and washing; family three.—Apply MRS HETHERENG- TOT, " Riversleigh," Fleetwood. WANTED at once, an Experienced GENERAL 1!: SERVANT: able to wash and cook; small family.— Mrs Mown, 13. Park View. Wigan

ral GOOD DOMISTIO SBRVAZITS Wanted at once GPI-, public and private; excellent wages givea.—Apply REGISTRY, 87. Church-street, Blackpool.

WANTED, a respectable GIRL about 17, to assist in housework generally.—Mrs. UTTING. 23, Warwick- Toad. Charlton-clam-Hardy. Manchester.

WANTED, K Plain COO for small family near Warring- ton ;no washing ; £23 ; three maids kept.—Mrs Joirfsmf, 8, Marson-street, Warrington. 'WANTED at once HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS for family V of 3 ; nurse kept ; late dinners ; ~wages £2O —it BIRTIVIsTLE, 5 Oarshalton-road, Blackpool. YTHAM.—WAcITED, A thoroughtv respectable NURSE- GliNliftAL ; about 17 ; another kept; good home fir suitable girl.—Apply at once, 46. OLIFTON.STBEET.

N;VANTHD HOUSBMAID WAITRHSS for Ladies' School, good Rages to conip.tent person.—Apply to Mfit ii7AINS. 23, West°liffe-road, Birkdale, Southport.

WANTBD lespeetable SHIS.VANT ; ordinary house duties; comfortable home, wages 4s 6d.—Address FORESTER'S Altai', Old gall Street Middleton. Manchester.

NVANTIM TWO Good GENERALS for small family. good wages to suitable persons—APPLY Mrs II T MERCER, Stand Farm, Croxteth near Liverpool.

NVANTED strong YOUNG WOMANaccnstomed to house- work and washing. Comfortable borne. References required.—Apply Mrs TURNER, 155 Scholes, Wigan.

AITANTRD, Axperienced Gl3Filift&L ; family two; plain 1, cook ; small wash ; reference required.—Mßs WORTH, Polefield Villa, Prestwich, near Manchester.

WANTOD. good COOK-GICNICHAL, in quiet faintly of four ; housemaid waitress kept; wages £2o.—Mrs GILL, Angleisurst. Fairhaven-road, St. Ane's an-the-Sea.

IV ANTRA) Superior GIRL, 15 to 15 years ; Rood home ; 7 V take out papers,do housework.assist in shop if suitable. 306 Sturranowtr-ftosn, near Sefton park Station, Liverpool.

A LL CLASSM of SHRVANT 6 ready from country and L' town, public and private.—Ladies should call or write to Menaxsoe's. 6, Oldham-street. Manchester. stab. 1862.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT active, cbeerfu "Young Woman ; must have good referenee ; wage WILTON-TERRSCE, Bent-lane, Heaton-park, Man choster

12XPER1ENCED P. 7 ale and Female NURSES at a LI moment's notice for all cases.—Apply Nuuses Isranru- TION, 70, isope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. TelegraphiC Address " Nurses."

ALL CLASSHS of SITUATIONS, private and public ; good homes ; excellent wages ; places hi town, country and seaside.— Write to HARRISON'S, 6, Oldham-street. Man- chester.

nOOKS WANTBD from £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses £lB to £22. Generale £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places ; small 'amilies.—Write to HARRISON'S. 6, Oldham- street, Mancbester.

-- IVANTIC, In Clergyman's family. HOUSEMAID- WAITRBSS, experienled ; three servants ; comfort- able home - good wages; must be Church of England,- -Adare.• 23, NEWSHAM•DRIVE. Liverpool.

EQUIRED AT ONCE. good COOK-GENERAL for J-L%taroily of two ; mast be able to wash and iron well ; wages £l5; girl in every day.—Renly stating age(not under 21), experience and reference to MIYYD3N, Llandudno.

_ WANTED GENBRAL SERVANT not under 27 • good wages given to one experienced, civil, and obliging ; no family ; another kept ; muat have good references country girl not objected to.—Apply pereonally or by letter Dlre BoGG,Olairvi'le,Carlton-rd,near Prookes Bar. Manchester

===== 0002601_19020314_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
V.liaitteD.

WANTBD APPRBNTICBS to the Dressmaking ; good class trade —Apply IC WABBOWION, 82, Buttermarket- street, Warrington.

ItATAR MRDALS wanted.dated 1848,0 given ; also Arctic, V Red River, Firket, Attara. Matabele Bleattoria,Fenian Bald, Ice.—Major TOMER, DrOitwieh.

Eeuar INlANemWptyNmTlienDt £2 HwipeeorkilLaenduCnourneem,:::riovn.. ACME SURFACE CO., 48, Albert-street, Blackpool.

WANTED, a smart LAD. 13 or ^ver, who has finished school ; wages 45 6d a week to start.—Apply BLACK- -3CI. Earl-street Dairy, 244, Earle street. Earlestown.

AUNNTS WANTHD, to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furniture, Clothing. Goode of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE AND Co. (102) Hlrminvham.

AGENTS WANTED, Ink Erasing Electrosins Pencil, erases ink in two seconds without abrasion ; one agent's profit 8 weeks over £7S.—RRASER, 18, Lockwood - road, Doncaster.

wll.Di TED DAIRIB3 of well-cooled MILK to commence April Ist ; also week end fortsix or twelve months.— Apply staring prices and quantity. W. HARPER, 31, Lavan- street, Liverpool.

ASTLE HILL mixed School, Hindley. near Wigan. N_.l Wanted immediately Assistant BILYTHESS, (art 00), Churchwoman, tonic solfa! needlework ; Salary £5O. also art, 68 Ex.-1'3., Salary £3s.—APply MIBTREB9.

ellialTS Wanted, respectable, energetic. salary, commis- sion. Policies £25. £59, £100; year's membership entitles half-loan, £5 Der centum interest. 0o medical ex- amin,stion.—W.Laßess, 235, Kensington High-st, Londou,W.

BLACKPOOL a Steady trustworthy MAN, TO ASSIST Advertiser in a good Bound business one who can invest £350 at 4 per cent for 4 years, 30s per week, hours 9 to 5, previous knowledge not Required.-40, KftxT-oD,Blackpool.

C— YCLES 1 AGENTS WANTED to sell our well-known "S. and B." ki Kill GRADE CYCLES ; cash or gradual payments, 64 per clay ; write for particulars •• S. and B." CYCLE WORKS, 44, Clarenden-street, Manchester ; makers and repairers to the CYCLIST YOLUNTSInts.

BRUISH HOMES ASSURANCH CORPORATION, LTD,—LIFE, ENDOWMHNT, and HOUSH PCRCHAoII.—AM Agent wanted, whole or spare time. A successful man will ifrcure speedy promotion.—Write Jonx PODMORE, Beweey Chambers, Warrington. - -

SNITAIIY INSPECTORSHIPS, salaries £lOO to £2bsnumerous vacancies. Postal Course a Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and Leeds and other examina- tions; previous experience unnecessary ;over 250 successful candidates; ladies elieible.—Apply RGEERT DIUSHENS, Saul- tau Science Teacher, Sunderlani. Name paper.

*/otels, paros, Zoariling 05tab5.

apartments, gurntAbeti 3i/ouos.

GRANGE-OVER-SANDS.—Hoosei, sixteen rooms and eight rooms ; low rents ; immediate possession.— NODDLE% Bella Vista,Grange.

BLACKYOOL.-COMFOICrABLE APAIMINSTS, close to station, and all amusements, terms 2s. ; bed and attendance. -Mrs. CLARKE, 31, Ribble-rd, off Central Drive.

-7 LACKPOOL.—APARTMSNTS ; Mn. ALLDRED (late of Atherton). Atherton House, 28, Yleasant-atreet, North Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

INTEST KIRBY —Superior ROOMS in well-furnished house : south espect, ; exceihmt cooking ; Bye minutes from station and close to promenade.-4, CHURCH.RD.,. West.

eligs, *tarp, ttt.

AvHITE LANGSHANS, 5s per ei! Wig ; unferales re- placed.—JAMES SEED, Hi, Cleveland-road, Lytham.

PUBE-BRED Buff Orpington's ; Bggs 3s per doz. (unfer- tile replaced) ; Chickens from 6s per doz. List sent.— NIGHTINGALE, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
,arN.

pATBNT P lOW LIANOLIESTER, ESTABLISHZD IN 1835. Means. GEORGR DAVIES ct SON have ha,4 mere than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment audpossess practioal knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' prtee 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.H., BON, P.1.P.A.,

4, ST. ANN;B SQIIARB,ItAiORESTBII.

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY_ APPROVED

LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY

OVER 450 GOLD & SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. •. VOWEL " WASHING, WRINGING, & MANGLING MACHINEs. LAUNDRY REQUISITES, " DIAPHRAGM " CHURNS. BUTThIi WORKERS, DA Y APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. CO.,

DAIRY APPLiI.NCBS.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ITO-3AS_ BRADFORD -S.'

...-- - 140-142, High Holborn, London; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Wocka. Salford.

ODutatton.

RWTON-LB - WILLOWS.—KIRKFIELD BOARDING .1.1 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on applica- tion to principals.

NVELSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— Comfortable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. , Through trains.

1/orots, TarrtageO, Ethe *tork, szt

LANDAU.—Repaired and recently painted; in very good condition —H. DARLINGTON, Mather-lane, Leigh.

jro BR SuLD TrIRED CURRIsa AND FLY.% CARTS. Suitable for either farmers or contractors. Good con- dition,wheels and body,WlLLcor Nonuis,Farnworth,Widnes

gmotits, Zuointoto, tit.

RiT-CLASS SWRICTS, Chocolates, and Ices, ii Moss 12 Side, Manchester ; cheap.—Apply 35, HEYWOOD- STREET, Moss Side, Blanchester. No agents.

A NYONE REQUIRING a BUSINESS of any description Pi in Manchester or district should apply to S E GOUNDItY, 98, Hyde-road, West Gorton, Manchester. DUSINBSS for Disposal.—GßOCEßY, Milk, Minerals Smallwares ; continued illness cause for giving up.- 83, HADFIELD-bTREET, Newton Heath, Manchester.

14.' OR SALE, Old-established BOTANICAL BREWERY and CORDIAL MANUFAC WRY : stock and goodwill: best offer: particulam—Aderees W BIRD, 182 Branch-rd, Burnley.

te

rilo LET, GOOD HOUSH, convenient, rent moderate.— Apply TnomAs HARDING, Orford-road, Warrington.

rjlo LEI. COTTAGE off Lovely-lane, rent 3s 9d,—Apply .1 WOODS AND Sorr, Solicitors, Horsernarket-st.,Warrington 9-10 LUT, 81AttLE and COACkittOUSIS. Witt lofts J large yard attached off Tannersane.—ApWy WOODS & SON Solicitors, 65, Horsem arketstreet, Warringt 3n•

BR WISH IN TIM% AND FURNISH AT

PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, S 1 ANCHESTER (Just past Station through Railway Arch). ALS',r) AT

pirTs's PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station).

PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, 8:e.

THERE'S NOTHING HALF SO SWEET IN LIFE AS LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM.—So sang Tom Moore years ago, and everyone who bail been fortunate enough to consummate a happy engagement by a suitable marriage will, doubtless, cordially endorse .this statement. What could be pleasanter than to be the proud possessor of a nice home, presided over by a loving, winsome wife, whose sole desire is to make things comfortable for you and the little ones—when they arrive? Especially do you realise the charm when you know that, thanks to your own Industry and the economical inethod9 of the aforesaid good lady, the "nest egg" at the bank is steadily augmenting.

A GREEABLE HOME SURROUNDINGS, of C3l. course, tend to heighten the felicity, whilst upholding the family dignity. Good furnishings, artistically and sub- stantially constructed and tastefully arranged, not only give pleasure to all beholders, but have an educational, an elevat- ing influence upon the children, create in their susceptible minds the desire to possess a similarly furnished home some day, supplied by the same good old Firm their parents patro- nised, make them frugal and th.ifty, so that when they reach manhood or womanhood other gcod orders are given to PITTS'S, of LONDON-ROAD, and GAYTHORN, who fulfil them in a satisfactory manner a 3 usual.

pITTS'S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNl- ture at 15t, 2,28 k, 38f, 50.75,100, 200, up to I,COO guineas, are in point of Isxcellence, Durability, and VALUE the VERY BEST OBTAINABLE. They represent a CLEAR SAVING, OF' 50 PER CLiNT. as compared with others. Pull particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING- GUIDE, containing 800 designs, priced, on application. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent. extra.

pIT TS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.-DINING- ROOM SUITE, covered with real Leather. comprising Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs, and Six Single Chairs, Side- board, Extended Dining Table. Overmantel, Brass Fender, Brasses, and large Carpet ; complete for 20?; guineas. worth 40 guineas. MORNING-ROOM SUITE, in real Saddlebags, Mannted with rich Utrecht Velvet, comprising luxurious Couch. Pair of Easy Chairs and Settee, small Chairs, Extend- ing Table, eideboard. Oveimantal, Carpet. Fender and Brasses, complete tor 25 guineas, worth 60 guineas. DRAW- ING-ROOM SUITE, in. Inlaid Rosewood Upholstered with a most expensive covering; beautiful Cabinet to match, fitted with Cupboards. Shelves. Bevelled Glass, Au. ; splendid Overmantel,with numerous Bevelled Glasses. Envelope Card Table. Wine Table. all forming a really superb suite, packed and delivered for 50 guineas, well worth £lOO. There is also the large Turkey carpet. Axminster and Skin Rags, solid Brass Fender, Pianoforte by Erard. BEDROOM S CATE in American Walnut comprises large Wardrobe, fitted with every convenience. Pair of Elaborate Toilet Tables, Bevelled Glasses, Marble Slab, Tiled Back, Ac; three Chairs. Towel Rail, and Pedestal emplsoard, being a redly grand suite; complete for 2: it uineas, worth 50 guineas OTHER BED- ROOM SUITES, in Rosewood. Satlnwood.American Ash.and decorated goods will be cleared at about half regular prices.

DINS'S PIANO, CARPETS, iBASSINETTES MAIL CARTS. LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, HARTHIIN- WARE, Table Billiards and Bagatelle. Magnificent selection,

PITTS'S OFFIC and LIBRARY FURNITURE. N —Every Description of Bookcases, Seeretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices.

pITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDlNG.—Largest and best selection, being cleared out at giving away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them.

pITTS'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS. Grand display. All British makes, choicest designs. many of which exclusive exquisite blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free of Charge.

QAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LOND3N-ROAD ( Ardwick and Longsight Cars). GAICTRORN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone. 1,124.

f IONSTIPATION.—Recipe that never fails, post tree 7cl. ‘../ Mr BRILL, Queenborough, Sheerness.

" 2.OD'S WAY OF SALVATION."—Send for Booklet to W. EA.MbDEN, 157 Ducksvorth-street, Darwen.

1000 Superior STAMPS for 9d., Colonial Lief free.— SCOTT. 122, Sarl-at. Edgeware-rd London.

CILIOICE Canterbury Lamb, Fore-quarters 5d par lb Detaile I list tree.--DItANT, Butcher, Stockwell, London

peauftw ORK.—bilks, Prints,Plusnes, Velvets, Tapestries le 3d per parcel. Post Paid.—Roes,24 Horton Road, Hackney London.

DATCHWORK.—VeIvtte Is Id, mixed silks and velvets is 3d, silks Is 10d per lb ; post I ree.—ALLEX, IEO, Bedford-road, Birkenhead.

MANDOLINK in Case, with Instruction Book, complete, sent carriage free ou receipt of 10s 61.— HARRIS, 33, Rathbone.place, London, W.

HOME WORK.—Good earnings by the quickest and latest improved Harrison Patent Knitting Machines.-48 Upper Brook Street. Manchester. SBED OP.TS —Giant Eliza White, the lv-aviest yielding oat in cultivation ; good sample.-0. H. MARSH, Newton Hall, Newton-M-Willows. Lancashire.

MIRED DEAFNESS. Pair AUDIPHONES, which cured V lady's deafness for Bale, very cheap.—ADYERTISER, 23, Stookdale Road, Battersea, London. R 2,500 ipNeVr tTnAlt 131Nw iTtioto. t prtykneotr si;oruimbilneg %jilt trustees.—STlLL, Ashford, Middlesex.

A STROLO%T.—Your Future Foretold, marriage, &a. ' state 11 birthtime. 13 stamps, stamped envelope. PROF. sow— NESS (Desk F). Clough Bridge. Bridlington.

MANUFACTURERS' REMNANTS.—Dress Goods,Flannel, ettea, Calicos, Linens, Shirtlnge. 10In bundles cheap. Price list free. W CLARKSON, Merchant Bradford.

100 RIOH Assorted Silk Patchworks. and also one C.vonation Handkerchief, post free for 18,--C, A WAREHOUJEMAN, 67, Commercial-etreet, Lonaon, E. BRASS DOOR NAME PLATES of every description Special line 21. Si, any name ; exceptional value. Agents wanted.—PACKER, 9, Stuart—street, Leicester.

PIG MEAL. full of wheat, 6s 6d per 200Ibs. Bough Fowl Corn, 8e per 2001bs. Free on rails in Liverpool.-3 M CONNELL, Sun-street. off Crown—street, Liverpool.

ASTBOLOGY.—Your future foretold, marriage, &c. State birth-time. Thirteen stamps, stamped envelope. Prof. BOWNESB (Desk 2), Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

gr AN SALE Spinal CARRIAGE,nearIy new,s2 shillings; also VI all the latest tools and materials used for Watch and Clock business oheap.-45, Barocia-sT,Heywood,Manchester.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one since I bought of Crosby Lockwood and Son. 7. Stationers' Hail Court, London, 8.C.. a copy of EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER,' by A BARRISTER. pdce 6e. Bd, post free, which has been repaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers' ees. New and revised Edition (1902) just published.

*alto bp Vribatt ereatp.

400.SO1ATION ' Collar Studs, grand value, state ladies I.J or gent's free, Is.-13. A. FRENCH, Halstead, Hesex.

"Rl.—Artiele value lis obtainable absolutely free. Send .1' envelope particulars 336, BRADFORD-ST. Birnainghara.

A adtICUL rime L AGlitililalENT.-1 simple form of lease, .11. la post tree.—Hamwoon, Printer and Publisher,Derby.

BANKR BAHGAI d. Ladies Jewelled silver watches les. gents lOs 63. guaranteed, tree.—lL A. FRENCH, Halstead /Ileum.

VASHIONABLh' Gold-plated Curb Bracelet, with Padlock, P.O. le or 13 stamps.—dETTLE, 34 West Green-road, Tottenham, London.

ITEART DiSIM.bI4 COILED. Wonderfully efficacious 1_ Medicine post free 2s 9d.—" VITA," 41, iCorporation- street, Manchester.

"kl-1 EURALGIA SLIFFBRECRS send stamped addressed MVO' lope for a simple,safe and guaranteed eure.—AHMSTEAD Sr Co. Clarendon-A, Oxfo,d.

IVOTICE I SHRUBS, rbses, fruit, forest, and other trees, 11 plants for hedges, &e. Clataiogue free.—FELis SPaoNkb. Goldsworth, Woking, Surrey.

A BOILE YOUR SUMMBR HOLIDAYS. Consult the "Camp Herald"; illustrated, free.—SECRETARY, Holi- day' camp, Groudle near Douglas, I 0.11/41.

VAMPING TO SONGS learnt in a week by lio3lance'' V system. The only way."—l 3d. post free le 4d. 122 a, DRUMMOND-STREET, Httnipatead-road.

GI DILESS LKNUTIIS ; exquisite Alpasit hi black azcl. t,l S. silver grey, only 1s 6d each. Approval free.— JoliN HAIVISAY, 19 Imp:rial Arcade. Birmingham.

LLoox.-1 gross limmt and dress buttons, large assortment emallwares,pair gloves tree 55.„ h,ndsome present every tenth parcel.—FAmtow, Haberdasher, Upgate, Louth. 30/ LADIES' ELEGANT solid (*old Watch, perfect , timekeeper. approval anyw here, bargain —Mrs. SHEPHERD, •• Pretoria." Cobbold-road, Leytonstone.

FISH FOR MOTT. —Bib, a; ; 111 b, 23 6d; 141 b, 3s ; 151 b and upward 2id It); cleaned ; freshness guaranteed ; trade supplied.—DOLPHlN FISH Co., Grimsby Docks.

liROME WOK, either sex good weekly income, no can- vesting but genuine indoor work. stamped envelope for particulars —W Mouvotin, Turton-street Weymouth.

ON SALM Insurance Book £7 10s, or part; good sound business; collect in three days; Royal London Friendly Society—Apply J WEBSTER, 66, Market-street, harlestown.

EXCEPTIONAL OFFER—Lovely 18 carat gold-cased curb chain bracelet with padlock and safety chain. Will send one 43. post tree.—DAwsoN, North-row, East-st,Lonelon.B.ll•

ENTS cheap Ties, new Spring golds, silk or satin, 2 for is Id., 3 for Is 7d. Silk handkerchiefs handsomely (em- bossed, Is ld. post free.—li. PLEDGER, White-st.. Brighton,

GENUINH Italian Mandolins, pearl Inlaid. beautiful in- strument, complete with lock-up ease. 21., worth £5. Approval. GI, S. WALTERS, 31 Craven-street, London. WC.

rro CONFICI2f MOMS and OTIIdiRS. —How to make pure 1 Ice Cream, 43 profit out of event is, for full particulars send P.O for 13 6d to T. FOREST, 77 Broadstone-road,ifeddish.

TELEPHONE No. 0489•

JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINER PRINTING WOR KS BEWSEY STREET, WA RRINGTON•

eprlrs, rt r

(IYCLES from Is. Weekly, £lO 10s. Sam pie £6 6s. k...) Carriage paid. Agents wanted list free.—DEREIIAM- ROAD, CYCLE CO., Norwich.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. SPRING CLEANING REQUISITES

OF ALL KINDS , WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMAIONIA, 16

boG. for 10d.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
MORGAN'S GOLD AND SILVER ENAMEL,

The la 61 box, containing Mixing Cup, Brush, Bottle Mixing Liquid, and one packet of Best Gold Bronze, Our Price lqd. HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES, from Sad par pair. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS.

OAK, WALNUT, MAHOGANY, &3 4,6 d size for qd,

Is size for Bd, 2s 6d for Is 6d. FURNITURU CREAK, 6d bottle for 4d, is for 7d. BRUNSWICK BLACK, 6d size for 4d. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISEI. Trial SIZ3, 2d for Id, is for 4d,

BOOTS SANITARY FLUID, qd and 85 per bottle. A BOTTL6.' OF TEL FLUID SHOULD E IN EVERY HOUSE.

SOFT SOAP, 21c1 per lb. TURPRNTINB 5d per pint. BORAX, 3d per lb. PUMICB STONE SOAP, Ed per tablet. AMMONIA LIQUID, 7d per lb. CA.RBOLIC SOAP, 2id per lb.

BOOTS CRIMSON OZONE FLUID. Is for Sid. CARBOLIC ACID, 411 and 81d per bottle.

HAT VAILHI3IIIIS (assorted colour-):90 per bottle. AND ALL OTHER SPRING CLEANING REQUISITES AT

OUR USU &I. LOW CASH PRICES. KILL THE GERMS OP DISEASE AND. KEEP TDB HOUSH AND SURROUNDINGS

===== 0002601_19020314_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
IiEALTHY

IS THE AI3I AND, END OF ALL SANITATION. To DO THIS

===== 0002601_19020314_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EFFECTUALLY USE

BOOTS SANITARY FLUID,

THE BEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE DISIN- FE3TANT OBTAINABLE. BETTER THAN CARBOLIC ACID AND FAR LESS DANGEROUS. SPECIAL USES t—Purifying of Workshops. School- rooms, Public Halls, Stables, Yards, Water Closets, Drains, /is. IT IS A HIGHLY CONCENTRaTED BUT SAFE DISINFECTANT. PRICES :- aid and 8d ; is 4d quart; 2s half-gallon ; 38 61 gallon. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. LARGEST, BEsT, CHEAPEST. ALL BRANCHES. 35, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE-STREET ALSO AT MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, CHESTER, ETC.

MR. .1311 N MORLEY in Mr. Morley and the Government. his survey of the politi-

_ _ ..... cal situation at Man- chester enjoyed one advantage in common with Lord ROSEBERY when the latter spoke at Chester- field. Both these statesmen have in the last year enjoyed a measure of retirement, anct they have been saved from the antipathies which are excited by frequent'' speeches in a period of national stress and irritation, It is due to that*

both, however, to say that neither has con- cealed his views. Circumstances made theta spectators instead of active fighters in the arena, but when the occasion seemed to demand they have never hesitated to speak. One thing is certain. Whoever else may regret that Mr.Moki.Er devoted so much of his speech to criticism of Lord RC6E•• BERY, the Liberal Imperialists cannot complain on that score. They claim the right of indepen- dence, and even of freedom from official leadership while still of the fold, and they will concede the same recognition of the right of the other extreme. It is a pity thdt their controversies continue ; but as Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN said the other night, they are happily conducted without personal difierences, and, in fact, in perfect good temper. In his wider review of the events of the past !couple of years Mr. MORLEY made what is the prime indictment against the Government. They have failed in ordinary foresight, and so it is that ,mblic confidence cannot help being shaken. The story is one long tale of miscal- culations, and of failure to appreciate the situa- tion. When diplomacy was carried to its extreme and a high line was taken, the Government did not contemplate for a moment that the Boers in- tended to fight. Otherwise the negotiations would have been accompanied by an accumulation of troops within our own territory. We know now perfectly well that our original garrison could have been swept into the sea. When troops were being poured into the country and the horrors of war had begun, the same lack of appreciation was shown as to the hospital arrangements,and enteric did the mischief which Sir WALTER FOSTER foretold. it would unless special precautions against fever were taken. No reasonable person believes but that the Goverunient wished to do its best for the houseless refugees whom it placed in Concen- tration Camps, but there again ordinary care was lacking, and the camps became abodes of death to the very young. Over and above these things was the constant failure all through this aliair to understand the temperament of the enemy. Some of the proclamations were merely foolish ; others were essentially mischiev one. The public execution of Boer commandants whatever their misconduct, was an error of judg- ment, for it excited the sentiment of the • Dutch people in the Colony, and added A hundreds and hundreds) of recruits to the enemy. r As for the computsion upon the relatives of con- ~ damned men to attend and witness their execu- tion, Mr IVIORLEY rightly characterised it as an. "infernal atrocity." Most of these facts are 4, becoming all too apparent now. The difficulty in - speaking of them is that they discredit our coun- i I try, and every patriot shrinks from that. At the same time it is neccssary by criticism of the Government to point out to the country the dangers which the situation involves. Mr MouLEf spoke out strongly, and remembering all that 1135 happened, there need be no wonder at the shar " ness of his rebuke.

TnosE alarmists who ar Apathy in the Housee of Commons, convinced that Great Britain is bent on ti policy of aggressive Imperialism would do well to mark the proceedings in the House of Commons on Tuesday. , Members had gathered in unusual numbers to hear any fresh tidings of the lament

,

4r.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
able disaster to Lord .11Erno EN. Ic was, however, an assembly of curious and sympathetic, rather '1 than anxious, legislators. That was demonstrated clearly enough in the melting away of the crowd after questions, although such pertinent questions as the Army and Navy votes were the orders of the day. It was a day when, if any keen interest were taken in military affairs, there would have been profitable discussion since the subjects arose that have commanded wide attention, notably the vote touching on rifle ranges. There was some mild criticism as to the slow progress of the War Office in meeting the convenience of Volunteers and rifle clubs in this matter, but Lord STANLEY'S equally mild explanation was readily acceptal,and no one seems in a hurry about the matter. Lord STANLEY'S statement was to the effect that nego- tiations for land look a considerable tirne,anki that the Government was doing what it could with a fitting regard to economy. The fact, however, remains that the deficiency is felt in some districts of scanty popoulation, where agricultural land runs close up to town and to railwaylstations. If the country were really eager to embark on Interprises which might involve us in conflicts with foreign Powers, its representatives in the House of Commons would be a good deal more concerned than they are at present as to national defence, for that, after all,must be the thought of any people who desired to go in for an assertive Imperial policy. Despite all the recent discussion about volunteer equipment, it is tolerably evident that the Government take a very cool view of the situationAand members of the House generally held to the desirability of jogging on quietly. Our militarism, so far as it affects the mass of the population, is not so ardent even as that of the little 14, Tublic of ',Switzerland, which re- quires nearly all its capable citizens to approve themselves in the handling of rifles. The War Office would be wiser if jit put efficiency before economy in this matter, and hastened some- -what the acquisition of fresh ranges. But many people who arenervous as to the effect of recent events on our national policy will be relieved to find what restraint, we might almost say com- parative indifference, is shown on this subject. The money for enlarging the Navy is voted readily, but the thought in its concession is primarily for the maintenance oZ our commerce; there is no suggestion of:using our maritime force to strike a blow at any one. The re-organisation of the Army is an obvious necessity in order to keep up the recruiting, but then again our attitude is rather to maintain our position than to do any- thing bellicose. Much has been made of the feverish ebullitions of the crowds on .lafeking Day, but it was a passing outburst of feeling, and is not likely to be repeated. There is nothing to justify the apprehensions that the country as a whole favoursJingoism, although it is clearly the , duty of an Opposition to watch expenditure into which the present Government, Wong in majority, may drift. •

A young American girl is at the present moment setting a very difficult problem to the authorities in England by whom matters of Court etiquette are determined. Miss Alice Roosevelt, the daughter of the President of the United States, desires to be present at the Coronation, and the official world is racked to devise some method by 'which she can be invited, and given for the occa- sion a status which shall not be resented as a slight by the whole womanhood of the United States. To the unobservant critic of affairs it might seem perfectly easy to recognise this bright and clever young lady as of equal rank with the foreign princesses who will be in England. i She s the daughter of one of the most powerful rulers in the world, and, as such, might seem to claim at least as much recognition as the daughter of a European sovereign prince. On the other hand, the chil- dren of Presidents of Rr.-3publics have always been regarded in their own countries as ordinary , civilians ; and in America, of all lands, they have 1 taken special pride in parading as such. How then, can they expect to be received in foreign countries with all the honours due to princes who have behind them the glories of heredity. Presi- dent Roosevelt is naturally not very pleased at the idea of his daughter visitiag England as merely "an American girl travelling privately in the household of a special ambassador." Still, the difficulty in conferring definite rank on so interest- ing a visitor, great as it is' 'cannot be.insuperable. 34 is to be hoped away will be found, and shortly. It would not be agreeable to see the problem first solved in a visit by this represeutative of young American womanhood to the German Court instead of our own.

••• - ••••••••.••••••••• The British disaster in the Western Transvaal has drawn attention to the peculiar position in Which Lord Methuen was placed by his military chiefs. Lord Methuen, Lieutenant-General in the British Army, late in command of the First Divi- sion of the First Army Corps,was relegated to the Position of a mere column commander chasing the Beers with a few hundred mounted men. It is obvious that the importance of this reverse arises not from any effect it will have on the course of the war—tor it no more changes Lord Kitchener's plans than did •I'vreefontein, Vlakfontein, or the More recent convoy disaster near Klerksdorp ; but from the fact that the General of the British troops was one who had held high c9mmand, and still occupied a position of eminence, in the British Army. For some time among military men there has been discussion as to the propriety of allowing Lord Methuen to occupy the position which he did, which was practically that of a Brigadier- General; and as it became evident how easily a column might be surprised by a stronger force and the officers captured, the feeling grew that Lord Methuen should either be given a proper head- quarters and staff, and the position of Lieutenant- General in command of the Western District of the Transvaal, or be allowed to come home for the rest which by his activity and energy he had fully earned. The disaster which was feared has now occurred, and Lord Methuen is in the hands of the Boers. Had he been a mere column com- mander the importance of the capture would have been greatly minimised; but there is no question that it will now constitute a very valuable encour- agement to the Boers who are fighting,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A HORSE CASE AT RUNCORN.

An Amusing Witness. An amusing case was heard at the Runcorn County Court by Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., on Thursday. Richard Watson, butcher,Five Crosses, Prod sham,claimed the goods taken under execution by the bailiff of the Runcorn County Court, against , son Henry (7. Watson issued at i,be instance of Alfred Stanway, tobacconist,Warrington and Ftods- liam.—Eridence showed that the plaintiff's son f!tiled to pay damages and costs in a horse transao- tion at Warrington in which lie was unsuccess- ful and the bailiffs distrained on the fur niture.—Plaintiff alleged that the furniture Was his and that he was the lessee of the shop and Premises.—The defence urgsd that the son's name aPPeared on the rate book for the premises, and that the furniture belonged to him.—Plaintiff's son, who is 27 years of age, in reply to questions, said he did not know what a vote was, tie had atten- ded a ratepayers' meeting at which the Parish Council were elected, and he put up his hand for ornething, but be did not know what. (Laughter.) lie had spent some money he received for the horse betting.—By the Judge: What is an election? —Witness : A. bit of confusion. (Laughter, in rnich the Judge iiined).—The Judge; Do you ow what a starting price is ?—Witness: Yes (Laughter).—The plaintiff was non-suited.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIMINimam.

MATTERS OF MOMENT.

A Provincial Letter.

Parliamentary business is said to be in such a state as to almost preclude the possibility of The Budget being introduced before Easter. This will, otcourse, allow amateur Chancellors of the Ex- chequer all the more time to prepare their schemes and proposals for submission to Sir Michael Hicks- Beach. To the present moment the best effort in this direction, perhaps, i, the suggestion of a clever and ingenious correspondent to tax meta- phors. These " would afford an excellent form of indirect taxation. They are not necessaries, and,as a rule, are only used by the well-to-do. Possibly a graduated scale might be drawn up imposing heavier duties on special forms of metaphor, as, e.g., those drawn from Scripture. I sometimes fancy myself living in Old Testament times, when I can- not got the most trifling information on any politi- cal question without corning across phylacteries, tabernacles, ephode, and the like." A truly nice idea this, if it were not in danger of being com- plicated by the recent decision that the author of a speech is not the man who makes it, but the one who reports it. But,if the Chancellor of the Ex- chequer should shrink from this, let him turn to another branch of literature and make a writer of verse take out a poetic licence. If he would only hurry up now,and impose an especially heavy duty on Coronation Odes— not Oaths this time—he would have the heartfelt blessings of men who already think of the Coronation witu apprehension, dreading its effect on minor poets.

In every part of the provinces the public have been reminded that last week was the week of "self-denial " on the part of the members of the Salvation Army. What a change has come over the "Army" within the past twenty years! From being regarded with a kind of pious horror by regular church and chapel goers,who were not infrequently disturbed at, their devotions by brazen instruments and that dreaded big drum, the Hallelujah lads and lasses have taken to churches and chapels of their own, and some of them very imposing buildings, and have become quite as " respectable "as their neighbours. Indeed, "the man in the street" no longer regards them as intruders and " a nuisance," bat with perfect toleration and even respect. All of which, of course, is as it should be. It is really wonderful that the Army reduced by its decidedly crest leader, " General" Booth, to a state of proper discipline, has been able to accomplish so much as it has through the self-denial practised by its mem- bers. The self-denial week is a great object lesson for the whole nation, and has once again been loyally and very generally obierved in the pro- vinces. In these days of prevalent and increasing desire for comforts, and even luxuries on the part of the working classes, the example set by the Salvation Army is most creditable, and should not be slightly regarded.

What to do with their street arahs, is a question that has been forced upon the attention of local authorities, at one time or another and in one form or another, in most parts of the provinces as long as most of us can remember. In soca of our larger towns they appear to be regarded philosophically, as R kind of necessary evil best left alone. This, indeed, may have been the case at Birmingham until the other day, when a delegation waited upon tho Watch Committee with a request that it would bring its authority to bear as against street trading by juveniles. The delegates there, like other people elsewhere, hug the delusion that a better regula- tion of the streets by the police would get rid en- tirely of the " street arab" nuisance, and that by some system of licensing they might not only clear the thoroughfares of youthful loafers and beggars, but that the latter would by the same act be swept wholesale, as it were, out of the streets and roads into suitable situations, where, of course,they would be kept under proper and salutary control. It is a c mvenient kind of delusion. For the strong pro- bability is that the greater the number of children prevented hawking matches and newspapers in the streets the greater would be the number of idle loungers in the courts and alleys, beguiling the time with pitch and toss, fisticuffs, and other juvenile diversims. It is in idleness that most of those very habits are acquired which so often frintify in crime, and any material reduction, therefore, in the number of the street vendors of the younger sort, besides indicting great hardship on the parents and fami- lies of the children concerned, would almost cer- tainly entail a serious addition to the criminal population The proposal to give into the custody of the police any child seen' offering a box of matches or a newspaper for 'sale without a licence, is one that working people can never be brought in this country to tolerate. But this does not imply that there is no room or need for some better way of regulating juvenile trading in the streets. Suit- able moans of a less drastic tendency might be devised if the authorities concerned woull only take the needed trouble.

" Accommodation for Man and Beast," is a not unfamiliar phrase as heard in its relation to the conveniencesl of the wayside inn, but the public have not yet been made fully aware, probably, of how much or bow little it may mean when inter- preted under differing circumstances, They are brought a step nearer to the right conclusion, how- ever, by the recent decision of Justices Dar- ling and Channel! on the important point --from the benighted wayfarer's point of view—of when "wine inn" may be declared by the "unaccommodating" host to be "full." An auto- mobilist whose machine had broken down, found himself in want of a night's "accommodation " at Honey in Surrey, where the landlord of the village inn said he could not oblige him as his hou,e was full. The traveller was willing to sleep in the bar- parlour, the smokeroom, or to put up anywhere,but the answer was the same. A claim for damages ensued, and after the case had gone from one court to another, it came before the Judges named at the Queen's Bench, where it was finally decided that a licensed house is full when all the available bed- rooms are occupied. This may be a sound adminis- tration of the lavv,and the law itself may not be the " bass " which one of Shakespeare's characters dubbed it, and as some other peoele have some- times considered it,but in this case it clearly leaves something to be desired from the " weary way far- er's "standpoint, and has a distinct tendency to spoil the poetry of the " taking mine ease at mire inn" reflection, while Shenstone's traveller will no longer need " Sigh to think he still has found The warmest welcome at an inn." \

" Nor, when as Phoebus with his fiery waine, • Unto his inns began to draw apace," (as set forth in the "Faory Queen ") he never could have seen the legend," Beds engaged ; house full," or, if he had, he would have declared it another gool and substantial reason for abolishing " ions business "altogether as "a delusion and a snare."

One of our greatest experts in the sugar bidustry fears, strange to say, that the iimmediate effect of the abolition of the sugar bounties in the few sugar refineries that exist in Great Britain will be disas- trous. " The bounties are not be alnlished till September, 1903. Now, what will happen in the meantime is that this country will be swamped with bounty-fed sugar. At present there is a sur- plus stock on the Cmtinent, estimated,at 1,200,000 tons. All this, and the sugar produced between now and September let. 1903, will be thrown on to the English market. During the present year one can calculate that the •foreign refiner will import into Great Britain 200,000 tons above the actual rate of consumption, and as much more as he can manage to manufacture" If this estimate is correct the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the English consumers will alike benefit, but Mr Sigmund Stein, of Liverpool, fears that there will be a very bad time indeed for the English refiners and the West Indian growers until September, 1903. After that,. la?weverollthere is to be a good time for both, and it is of interest to agriculturists to know Oat he suggests, that beet growing will be worth their attention. They have heard something of this latter I kind before, of course, but that is another story.

CRUELTY TO A HORSE AT NEWTON. At wton, on Thursday, before Mr Gillespie and four other magistrates, Ambrose WadsworthNe was charged with cruelty to a horse, ( ch a irman ) , and Isaiah Swift, the owner, was charged with causing the same to be worked—Clarke said be met the defendant Wadsworth in charge of a bay geld- ing in Crow-lane, Harlestown, on Saturday, the Ist inst. He was beating it as hard as he cauld with a whip-stock across the ribs. The horse was lame in the near foreleg.—The bench fined Swift 20s and costs, and Wadsworth Is including costs. " PREMIER" & " EXCELSIOR " CYCLES at 10 guiweas. with Free Wheel, and 2 Rim brakes. 1 S GAR- LAND. Bridge-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

LOCAL SUCCESSES. Miss M J Crowder, daughter ot P.C. Crowder, of Runcorn; and Miss Martha Leigh, pupil Leacher at Sr. Edward's Catholic school, Runcorn,have success- fully passed the King's scuolarship examination recently held in Liverpool, and have been placed in the second division. MiSi Crowder is now entitled to enter the Wesleyan Southlands College, Battersea, London, in September next. • BEER AS A FOOD.

Under the auspices of the Runcorn Wesleyan Temperance Society, an interesting paper was given on Monday by Mr H Baker on the subject of" The value of beer as food," at the Halton-road School- room There was a good attendance of members and friends. Tao lecturer illustrated the points of his address by a number of chemical experiments. THEFT AT RUNCORN.—CASE AT THE ASSIZES. At Chester Assizes on Tuesday. before Mr Justice Walton, Harry Caffrey, for stealing a shirt and neckerchief at Runcorn, on the 4th January, was sent to gaol for four calendar months' hard labour. His Lordship said as far as he knew prisoner had not been in trouble before 1895. Since that time, however, there had been a great number of small sentences passed on him. He had not the slightest doubt the best thing to do would be to have him kept in confinement for a considerable length of time, but he did hope prisoner would try to recover himself and he would be dealt with leniently con- sidering his bad record. 421 SPECIAL MErriNer or THE URBAN COUNCIL. A special meeting of the Urban Council was held on Wecinesdsy in the Council Chamber under the presidency of Mr R H Posnett, J.P., the business being of a purely formal character.—Mr Imison proposed, and Mr Dean seconded, that the plan showing the road to be widened out from the wharf at the bottom of Waterloo-road to Clarence- terrace be signed by Mr Iluntsr on behalf of the Ship Canal Company, and Mr Webster on behalf of the Transporter Bridge Company.—lt was agreed that Mr Wilding should sign the plan on behalf of the Council, subject to the proportion of cost to be met by the town not exceeding £5OO, which Mr Wilding had estimated; the Ship Canal Company having agreed to give the necessary land to make it the necessary thirty feet.

TRESPASSING IN SEARCH OF GAME. At the Runcorn Petty Ses&ions on Monaay before Messrs A. Thomas (in the chair), and J Ockleston, a labourer named Joseph Spruce, Bockside Cottage, Aston, was summoned for trespassing on Mr A II Talbot's land in search of game on the Ist March at Sutton. Mr 11 N Linaker prosecuted. The evi- dence showed that on Saturday night William Jones, gamekeeper. on the Aston estate, encountered the defendant while on his rounds at the Spanish Oak VI ood. Ile had turee purse nets over rabbit holes and was slso in possession of a ferret. Earlier on the defendant's wife had asked Jones for it rabbit and he had given one to her. It was pointed out by Nix Linaker that poaching on the estate was becoming common and he asked the Bench to in- flict a deterrent punishment.—A fine of lOs with Ss 6d costs was imposed. A VIOLENT TRAMP.

On Satard ly at the Runcorn Police Court,a tramp named George Robinson was charged with fre- quenting Regent-street with intent to commit a felony between twelve and one o'clock on Saturday morning. The evidence of P.C. Wilding showed that he was on duty in Regent-street when he heard a noise at the oack of the Crimea Tavern. He then saw prisoner trying to get into the yard. He took him into custody when prisoner kicked and struck him most violently.--inspector Egerton stated that the prisoner was the man who some- time ago had made unfounded allegationc against the police.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for three months hard labour.—Prisoner. (addressing the Uhairman,Ar F J Norman) " I'll be here when you are dead." He was removed tp the cells singing lustily. MARRIA.GR AT RUNCORN.

A. very pretty wedding was solemnized on Sun- day at the St. Paul's Wesleyan Church between Mr Wilfred Lawson Bowland, son of Mr Jacob Bow- land, of Altriucham with Miss Sarah Elizabeth Riding, second daughter of Mr William Riding, harbour master, Weston Point, The event excited much interest, and there was a considerable number of friends and well-wishers present, including Mrs Riding (mother of the bride), Miss E B Riding, Mr and Mrs Moss, Mr and Mrs Hartland (Widnes), Mr T Antrobus, Mr and Mrs Jacob Rowland, Miss A Bowland, and Miss Match, of Altrincham. The bride, who looked charming in a costume of biscuit coloured cloth trimmed with cream silk and lace with toque of cream silk trimmed with cream chiffon and orange blossoms, entered the church leaning on the arm of her father, and attended by Misses M M and E 11 Riding (her sisters), as brides- maids. Mr 11 Southwell, of Altrincham, was the bridegroom's best man, and Mr J W A Riding acted as groomsman. The marriage ceremony was per- formed by the Rev J B Foster. one of the circuit ministers, the bride being given away by her 11 father. The wedding party were subsequently driven to the house of the bride's father, where a !recherche repast was served.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The fortnightly mmting of the above authority vas held at Dutton on Tuesday. Mr J Srokes was in the chair, sod there were also pres.nt—Mosars A It Norrnana P,J Douglas, T Wood,and the membars of the Rural District Council.

THE HALF-YEARLY ESTIMATES.

Mr Woodward submitted the estimates for the half year ending Mich:elates 1902. The total capital for the current half-vear was £7,688, and the probable expen- diture £5,633, leaving a balance at tne end of the cur- rent half-year or £2,055. The probable expenditure during the half-year ending Michrelmas was as follows : --Common charges, :£4,355 ; county rates. £3,044 ; balance and contingencies, £1,283; total,£B6B2. Att.n deducting tee probable balance at Lady Day, 1902, the amount required from the overseers WWI £6,627. The assessable value of the Union vras £209,961. A rate of 7id in the on the assessable value would produce £6.560,1and it was recommended that a call be made for £6,627, bhng a deurea se of a halfpenny in the £ on the call for the corresponding period of last year. He moved that the estimate be adopt td and that the Clerk be instructed to issue the orders in the ordinary course.

The Chairman ; It is satisfactory to fiod then.) is a slight reduction. Mr Woodward : Don't congratulate yoursgf too soon Tne estimates were approved.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

Mr Chadwick on behaif of the mattool Attendance Committee repprte3 that the committee had voted the Clerk £35 for his services to the committee during the past year. The appointment of Pfficers WO been defer ad for a month. The expenses of the commtttes were- equal to le 33 in the 2. ----•

FINANCE. Mx Woodward reported that the payments for relief were as follows :—Ruccora, £B5 ;Frodsnam, £23; Bud- worth, £2B. The eeneral it2Crletlt showed a deficit balance ot £365 6i 91; receipts,£2,B6o lie id; cheques drawn that day £136 leaving a balance of £2,359 4s 4d. The report was adopted. THE STATE OF ',THE HOUSE. Mr Williams reported a slight decrease of the inmates in the House from 162 to 157. The house was now quite full. Mr Linaker Would it have any effect to piri a board outside the House intimating it was full? (Laughter.) GIFTS OF PAPERS. It was reported that illustrated papers had been re- ceived from Messrs Alfred Norman J.P., H fbardman and W Pendleburv. • The donors were accorded a vote of thanks. *3O 9 000 BLIND PBOPLB have had their sight restored by MELLOR. 168, Oxford-street Manchester. The most successful Bye Specialist in lingland. He has cured after Hospitals, Doctors, and Oculists have failed Book post free on men V:oning this paper,—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY MARC iT .14 , 1902.

REPORT OF THE MEDICAL OFFICER FOR THE RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT.

Dr Adams M.S., C.M., has just published his annual report on the sanitary condition ot the RuneAm Rural District for the year ending 1901.—We take the follow- ing extracts from the report :

===== 0002601_19020314_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
AREA COVERED .BY THE COUNCIL. •

The Runcorn Rural District comprises tne whole of the Runcorn Union with the exception of the Runcorn Urban Districts and comprises for y townships.

POPULATION OF THE DISTRICT.

The:district area comprises 49,309 acres. In the 1891 census, the population was 24,665 ; and in 1902, 23,203. —lt will be observed that the census population has, in the ten years 1891-1901. diminished by 1,462 ; and that this diminution is observed in the Runcorn Regis- tration Sub-district to amount to about 820 ;—in the Frodsham Sub-district, to about 336 ;—while in the Budworth Sub-district, excluding Stockton Heath,there Ins been a decrease of 61; bu,; as Stockton Heath alone has increased by 928, there is a gain in this Sub- district of about 287. Of the 30 townships in the dis- trict, only twelve have increased in population during the last ten years, while 28 have decreased. The increased populations are entirely confined to the resi- dential (as opposed to agricultural) t ownships, such as Helsby, (400 increase) Sfockton Heath, (900 increase) and Walton Inferior, (300 Meccas-) •, while the most marked decrease has occurred in Frodsham,(nearly 600) Froth ham Lordship, (about 100) Halton, (over 300) and Weston, (about 260).

RIM HS &ND DEATHS. INTERESTING STATISTICS.

During the veer ending December 31st, 1901, 634 births, and 312 deaths, were registered as having oc- curred wilain the district ; there ie a decrease of 27 births on the ten years' averege, and a decrease of 67 deaths on the same period. The number of deaths for 1901 is the lowest number recorded during the las; ten years,aud the death-rate is ! 1.6 per 1,000 below toe aversge of the last ten years. !Of this corrected total of 300 deaths, belonging !to your own district, 2 were " not certifled,"— while 21 tormed the subjeot of Csreners' inquiries. Of the 634 births, 318 ;were males, and 316 females, a difference of only two bet wen the sexes ; last year the ! difference was only one. Of tee total reeistered 312 ' deaths, 165 were males,and 147 were females. The num- ber of births however, is the greatest since 1896. I hope ! this upward trend in the birth-rate will be maintained ! in subsequent years. THE SMALL-Pox EPIDEMIC AND THE HOSPITAL AT 10011 E. , W•tti this disesse occurring in so many parts of the ennury, it is not surprising tnat it made its appearance , among us during 1901. Infection appear +to have been derived from the neighbourhood of Liverpool Docks. , The Small-pox Hospital at Moore was ready for the reception of patients, but as this patient could be cern. p'etely isolated at borne, a large country house, the hospital was not opened. Every person on the premises where the dis 'age broke out, WM promptly re-vaccina- ted, and no extension of the di-eese took place. Toe hcspital is quite ready for the reception of patients, but I wish to draw your attention to the need of a water-supply to the Hospital ; Since the Ship Canal authorities removed their water tank which supplied the Hospital, all the water for the steam disinfector has either to be carried, or rain-water collected from the roof of the Hospital. An extension of the Warrington Water Works main in Moas-lane wou'd be the most satisfactory supply, and could be carried out for a moderate annual charge ; the opening of the Hospital under existing conditions would be carried out under very considerable difficulty, as all the drinking water would require to be carried a distance of nearly a quarter of a mile. I hope your Council will put the Hospital on an efficient water supply at as early a date as possible, in view of the probability of requiring to open it for patients in the present year. THE NEED OF AN ISOLATION H.;SPITAL. In close connection with this disease is the question of an isolation hospital. [am glad to be able to report that since last year this matter has been advanced a further stage towards accomplishment. A site has been selected and approved in the township of Dutton, less than half a mile from the Union Workhouse, in a most desirable and suitable locality ; terms for purchase of the site have been acreed upon, and I believe ths trans for of the and to the District Council will shortly be effected. N thing will teerefore remain,af ter considera - Elm of ways and means, but to proceed with plans, tenders,and building of an isolation hospital during the present year, and I sincerely trust that the end of 1902 will see the building in an advanced stage of con- struction.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DIPHTHERIA.

This disease has been verp prevalent in 1901, no I^sia than 44 cases having been notified,resulting in 8 deaths. The chief: outbreaks were in Frodsham, where 30 cases occurred, with 6 deaths, and in Ttteloran. where 6 cases occurred with 2 deaths. The disease abated after clos- ing the schools, but recurred in . few weeks,and casual cages were still occurring at the close of the year. It is probable that defective water supply is the main cense of the disease in Thetwall during the last two years, and not, as frequently alleged, the so-called ' Tannery nuisance.'

===== 0002601_19020314_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FUNERAL 0 F CAPTAIN SAVAGE.

With startling suddenness, the death occurred on Tuesday morning, of Captain George Savage, at the advanced age ot 72 years. Tie deceased gentleman was chairman of the Zillah Shippinp Company, and was to be seen attending to busines as usual on Sat- urday. He was not well at the time, and on the following day he became so much worse that it was fouud necessary to send for Dr Naden, his medical attendant. There was no improvement on Monday and he had a rest!ess night. 0.. t an early hour on Tuesday morning he came downstairs for breakfast and was sitting in an easy chair near the fire,when he suddenly expired. The cause of death was li:ntrt disease.

The late Captain Savage was born in the year 1830 in Runcorn, and early in life he engaged in the coasting trade. When 18 years!of age he removed to Sankey Bridges and resided in that district until he was 21 years of age, when he married. He actively identified him- self with religions institutions in the distric', and his early removal to Widnes was regretted. lie was a man of no mean intelligence and whilst at Widnes he was a successful local preachers In a short time, however, Mr John Cros- field invited him to return to Warrington and take charge of the Workingmen's Mis- sion at Bank Quay as pastor. The request was acceded to and for three years Mr Savage devoted himself to the work which flourished exceedingly in his hands. At the end of three years, Mr Savage resigned the position—a position be had held with honour to himself and for the benefit of those with whom he came in contact. As a token of respect, the congregation and school presented him with an illuminated address, a timepiece and vases. Immediately afterwards, Mr Savage entered into business as a draper and general dealer in Liverpool road and carried it on successfully until 13 years ago. About this time, he decided to give up the business and resume his active connection With the coasting' trade. A coaster named " The Zillah " was ulti- mately bought and this was the first vessel owned by the now well-known Zillah Slipping Company Limited. From small beginnings, with Captain Savage as chairman and Captain William Savage as managing director,the company has now half-a- dozen vessels and has become one of the best known coasting concerns trading on the west coast. Captain Savage identified himself with Bewsey- road Wesleyan Chapel, but he freely gave his ser- vice sto numerous religious bodies. For many years he interested himself in the work at the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel. Be was one of the founders of this Chapel and took part in the cottage services which preceded it erection. At the time of his death he minted a class in the Sun- day school at Bold-street. He gave freely of his time and money for the furtherance of Christian work and his death causes a vacancy in local Weeleyamsm which it will be difficult to fill. He was especially fond of children and numbers made him their confidante and adviser.

COWARDLY ASSAULT ON AN EARLESTOWN POLICEMAN.

At Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday, Henry Bailey ,was charged wit n being drunk and dis- orderly and with assaulting Police-constable Mellor. The officer said that on Monday last prisoner was drunk and disorderly, and on the way to the police station became very violent, and kicked him on the right leg several times breaking the skin. For the assault on the police defendant was fined 20s and Costs, and 53 for being drunk, or twenty-one days in default.

CRAW FOR D'S CREAM et k)RACKERS

CRISP

AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority wag held at Dutton on Tuesday, Mr J Knowles in tae chair. Present :—Messrs A H Talbot, J S.-mkes, J B Chadwick, S Woodward. CE Linaker. E A Wallington,J Moseley Williams, T Baxter, C.C., E Clarke, J G Guest, T Dar- lington, T Lewis, J Spruce, J Mountfi •Id, P Gleave, J Bolshaw, J Whitlow. H Mawdsley. R Billington, and E Bretherton, with W E Hough (deputy clerk), Dr Adami (Medical Officer of Health), W niggle and J Swh.t ma, surveyors ; mud J Farrington (inspector).

===== 0002601_19020314_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ISOLATI )N HOSPITALS

A circular was received from the Cheshirp County Council with respect to the erection of Isolation Hos- pitals in the district. Mr Woodward proposed, and Mr Williams sPconded, that the communication ,be referred to the Hospitals Committee. THE MANCHESTEk PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY.

Mr A Holmes wrote enclosing precept uf the Manche:- ter Port Sanitary Authority, requirint, them to pay £l7 164 41, being a proportion of £498 64 81 to the common fund for defraying expenses of toe said authority up to the 31st ins. Mr Williams, the representative on the Authoritv,aaid that £l7 16i 4il was the portion the District Council had to par; Lymm had to pay £6 2333;f1uc1E10w,£2 18i4d ; Runcorn Ue)an Council £ll 10s 21. These sums were for the year and would vary.

Mr LMaker : Whet are Kingsley and Sutton going to get for their share of this money ? The Chairman . lisalthy s ar:oundine. (Laughter.) The Clerk : The Council is charged according to its frontage but the charge was apportioned over the entire district. rbe money would come out of Runcorn and the other districts.

Mr Williams said he,had always understood that the apportionment would come out of the particular town- ships which abutted on the Ship Canal. But the Clerk was, doubtless, quite right when he said the money would have to come out of the entire UrVon. The esti- mates for 1901 were £1,500, and for 1902 £2.000, .the increase arising out of the additional expenditure, increasing the Clerk's salary, the purchase of a steam launch for patr)lling the river, and a sinleng fund o' £165 per annum, making a total increase of £216 ;so that instead of £l7 wart year:it might be £22 ot £23,but £25 would be the limit they would have t 3 pay in the future. The vessels:inspected by them numbered 135,and it was a very desirable thing that they should be inspec- ted to prevent smallpox getting into the county.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WA.I.ER STOP PAGE AT WESTON.

With regard to Weston Water Supply, Mr E Marshall, secretary and accsuntant to the Runcorn Urban Council wrote under date February 28th, 1932, as follows :—I beg to advert to the statement in your letter of the 26th inst to the eff,-ct that it has been reported to your Council that nearly forty houses in the Par'sh of Weston have been without a supply of water from the mains for more than a week. It is mush regretted that this serious inconvenience should have been fel^. Our water engineer informs me that he understands the supply failed at these houses on Thursda,,, the 20th inst. It was not reported to him, however, until 8 o'clock on the following Sunday evening. There is evidently a blockage in the main and since early anMonday morning the attention paid to this matter has been unremitting, No effort will be spared to overcome the difficulty. The Clerk said that the mains having been repaired there was now a goo/ water supply in all the houses. Mr Gaest stated that the water supply was bettor than it had been. The cause of the stoppage was a burst in the main. He thought the surveyor ought to call attention to the condition in which the roads had heal lett after the repair. Where the main had burst there were several square yards which had subside/. IThe other day a tarry was passinc over the spot when it suddenly went down and a number of men had to be requisitioned to get it out of the hole again. I The Surveyor said he had examined the sinking of 1 the road. The gas company had left the road in the same condition and he had written complaining about the matter. He would have called the attention of the Urban Council to the state of the road but he thought ' that the.intimation had better come from the Council. 11A letter most certainly ought to be written complaining of the state in which they left the roads after repair. Mr Woad ward thought a letter should be sent requir- ing them to put it in order.

The Clerk 'thought that if any expense had been in- curred in filling the subsidence up, tha Urban Council should he charged with it.

It waa ultimately decided to write to them calling the Urban Council's attentirn to the matter. lton I

THE RUNCORN WATER SUPPLY. Mr E. Mar.nall, clerk to the Urban District Counci' wrote on the 28:h February as follows •—To G F Ashton Eqq , beg to inform you that your letter of the 12th insr. containing the suggestion of your Medical Officer of Health that our Surveyor meet an officer of your Council for the purpose of jointly taking samples of water for bacteriological analvsis has been laid before my Wat,r Committee and lam directed by the Cam- mittee to say that they we quite satisfied with the analysis already taken a copy of which was submitted to you. lam further to sar that you are at liberty to take samples from the pumping station, but you are r'quested to advise nor water engineer before doing so when every facility will be afforded you " The Clerk intimated that he had sent a copy of the letter to the inspector.

The inspector said Vat he hr to send for special bottles for the purpose of making a bacteriological analysis. He would then make al apoointment with Mr Wilding and get the samples as quickly as possible.

A DANGER TO PEDESTRIANS TN FAIRFIELD-ROAD. A letter was re;ceived from Mr E V Walker, editor of the " Examiaer," comnlaining that in passing a fence on the South side of 1, tirfield-road,Latchford and lead- ing up to tie high level bridge, a protruding nail caught the sleeve of his ma-kint leh tea:ing it atmost off ah-ve the elbow. The damage ha estimated at El. 153., which amount he now claimed from the Rural District Council.

The Surveyor thought the fence belonged to the Ship Canal Company. He did not think they had anything to do with The fence. There waa n opening of seven feet for padeatriana to.walk through. _

Mr Linaker asked will did the footpath belong to ? Was it a public hi,..daway ?

z , - The Surveyor informed the Council that he had seen ore of the resident engineers of thr, Company, and he said he was not instructed to keep the fencc on that side in_rep.ir.

Mr Linaker thought it was requisite it should be kept in order. Since there was an ob.truclon the point was whether the person who put up the fence was liable or whether the Council was for allaying such an obstruc- tion on the feritpath, unless they had a special agree- ment with the Ship Canal Company.

The Chairman said they had no plwpr to make the Company repaint. The owner of the fence, he thought was liable. Mr Stokes thought a very important question had been raised. rh9 Surveyor should keep a sharp look out for such dangerous fences. Was the owner or the Coun- cil_responsibla for zarments torn on the footpath ? . _ _ _

Mr Linaker : I should say the Council for allowing an obqtruction on the foltpath. Mr Stolcs said the matter should be deferred and gone thoroughly into. It was ultimately decided to'acknowledge the letter pending further inquiry.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE APPOIN-TMENT OF MEDICAL OFFICER.

MrS W)odrvard moved "That Dr J0..0h Adams, Warrington, be re-appointed medical officer of health for the year ending Lade D4v. 1903, at a aalary of £l5O per annum to perform the duties prescribed by the Local Government Board." The regulation vras'e tared. ST 'TETON HEATH IMP ROVEMENTS.

Mr Pilling moved that the Rural District Council level and make good Gaskell-atreet, Leonard-street and Rostock-Street in Stockton Heath that the Plans be ap- proved and that the expenses las payable by annual instalments extending over a period of ten years with interest at the rate of £4 per annum.

The resoluticn was carried. THE HALF YEARLY ESTIMATES.

The Clerk submitted the estimates for the half-year endtng Michaelmas 1932. The total capital for the current year was £4904 and the probable expenditure £3,610 leaving a balance at the end of the current half- year of £1,294. The probable expenditure during the half-year ending Michaelmas was as follows :—General charges, £640; hizhwars expenses, £2218; balance and contingency, £1,603; total expenditure' £4,461. After deducting the probable balance at Lady day 1902 the amount required from the overseers wag £3.167. The assessable value of the district Was £154,469. A , rate of 53 in the £ would produce £3,218 and it is recommended thst a call for £316 be made, an increase of almost one peony in the £ for the corresponding period of last year. The estimates were approved. A NEW COUNTY RATE EASIS.

_ Mr R Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County wrote under date 25th February informing the Rural District Council that the County Rate Basis Committee proposed to revise the County Rate Basis now in forcefor certain waishes within the Poor Law Union for the pur- pose of meeting the partial changes that have occurr.d in the ratable value of the property pending the prepara- tion of a new quinquennial property tar ansessmeat. The foll3wing statement showed the parishes whose 1 basis is proposed to be revised :—Acton Gran e, pro- posed nAW county rate, £724 ; prormaed new assessable value. £484 ; B trtington, £876. £613 ; Clifton, £3,935, £3,564 ; Dutton, £9 172. £7.869 ; Grappenhall,£B,Bos, £7,707 ; Flelsby, £lOl2l, £9.212 • Kingwood, £2,520, £1,704 ; Latchford Witlout, £2,489. £2,381 ; Noriey, £4,677, £3 544 ; Norton, £7,020, £5,963 ; Preston 'otti Hill, £4.264. £3,652 ; Stockton Heath, £9,397, £9,320 ; Walton Inferior, £5,058 £4,729. THE THELWALL NUISANCE. - •

'Mr John Lothiby asiestant siocretary to the Local Government Board wrot,, inquiring what progress the District Council had now made in piping the ditches referred to therein. He forwarded at the same time extracts from a further letter which the Board had re- ceived from Mrs Quennell. The letter was as follow!: —Cuerden Place, Waste-lane, Thd wall, Warrington.

( Sir, I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter and many thanks for your information eoncerning this Tannery Brook nuisance. I should have acknowledged it before but owing to ill-health I have been unable to do so. I was pleased when I read the report of the Runcorn Rural District Council, that they had decided to pipe and cover over the brook. I thought then they would carry it out without any further delay. After their decision they did start to do something at it but they stopped as suddenly as they began, so that there is no sign whatever of improvement at preseut I am sorry to say. The stench from the brook at times is quite as ha I if not worse than ever. One of the nights list week, also last night when my husband was returning trona his work the smells were so bad as to cause him to vomit. Ile is obliged to pass the brook or go quite a mile and a half out of hi,. 'way. I was very much surprised when I read Mr Ashton's letter contradicting my statement as to the brook smell- ing. On the day that my two children passel it previ- ous to their illness it did sin- I! and badly too. If Mr Ashton was there on that day they were not there at the same time—between 8 and 9 a in, and it was some con- siderable tim3 after before the members of the Council visited the tannery, and no doubt the smell had some- what cleared away by then. Tnev say it never smells whea they come, only an ordinary tannery smell. Was it an ordinary tannery smell, we could put up with it, and not trouble you with our continuous comeleints. I only wish they had to be close to and endure the smells when hey are at the worst for one day only—whet we people tot Waste-lane have had to endure for long weeks and months. They would then understand why we are anxious to have something done in the matter. There is always someone ill in the neighbourhood. Two of my near neighbours are ill now and have been in bed weeks, and the doctor that attended them said that their systems were thoroughly poisoned. Does there need any further proof than this to convince you that the smell from that brook must be poisonous and dan- gerous to human life. I think it cruel to treat a matter so indifferently that C&USC3 SO much sickness, disease and expense, as poor people like we are in Waste-lane, with large families, really cannot aff Jed to pay large doctor's bill, and have the necessaries of life, out of a workingman'a wage. I sincerely tru t you will, if possible, do something for us in the matter." _ . . .

The -Clerk informed the Council that he had acquainted the Local Government Board:with what they were doing in the matter.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] Ratepayers interested in local affairs will have noticed from the report of the last Council meeting that there is a vacancy in Mersey Ward owing to the retirement of Mr Grice. This vacsncy will have to be filled up, it is believed by April sth. It is stated on the best authority that already one gentleman, Mr A It Norman,wh 3 has already gained many honours from the electorate has intimated his willingness to stand for the vacancy. Su far it is impossible to say whether there are other local gentlemen desirous of being numbered among the city fathers. The probability is :that there will be another walk over which speaks ill for the interest ratepayers have in local affairs. Somehow or other it is absolutely impassible ta convince the man in the street that municipal legislation is far more important to him as an individual than im- perial politics. Assuredly Runcorn is a silent, yet eloquent witness to the indifference of the people to local government.

The half-yearly estimates fer the Boardiof Guar- dians are now published, and ratepayers will be pleased to learn that there is a slight reduction compared with the corresponding period last year. This satisfactory feature is, however, more than counterbalanced by the estimates of the Rural Council, which show that there is an advance of nearly one penny in the compared with the pre- vious estimates. Naturally the already burdened taxpayer will grumble, but he should find consola- tion in the thought, like Captain Marryat's hero, that 'things might be worse." There is no doult that the Council in season and out of season prac- tice the most rigid economy consistent with effi- ciency.

In a most polite letter the Water Committee of the Urban Council have informed tne:District.Coun- cil that they are qlite satisfied with the result of the recent analysis of Runcorn Water. Facilities will, however, be given to the Distric,, Council to make further tests if necesiary. As the Rural authority are not at all satisfied,Dlr Farrington,the inspector, has b een deputed to make the necessary tests. What the conclusion of the whole matter will be i 3 impossible to say but there iq evidently a little irritation at present between the two local authorities.

From Weston has been lodged rather a serious complaint against the Urban Council. A short time ago a water main burst and after the necessary repairs had been executed the road was left in such a shocking condition that a furry with horse attached sunk inithe ground and was with diffi- culty extricated. The Rural Council have, however taken the matter in hand and the Urban Council is to be requestsd to attend to the repairs.

Mr Walker, of Warrington, was responsible for a rather interesting debate at the emincil meeting In passing a fence bndering a footpath in the Council's district, the gentleman in question tore his coat to the value of .C 1 15s, and now claims that amount from the Council as the authority re- sponsible tor the condition oC the road. The fence, from inquiries made by the surveyor,belongs to the Ship Canal Company, and the question arises whether the owner is liable or the local authority for not having previously taken steps to obviate a serious danger to pedestrians. Realizing the im- prance of the problem, the Council have charac- teristically deferred its solution pending additional information. The public is seriously affected by the Council's decision for it will, of course, be a prece- dent in determining complaints of a similar nature, which may occur in the future.

' Many a man has lived to regret giving his honest convictions to a world wherein lurks the renown of ridicule and criticism And judging by the ser- mons of the Rev IL B Blogg who lately was under- stood to advocate Sunday sports and the continen- tal Sunday,fthe reverend gentlemen lives at present in this regrettable state ot mind. Since his remark- able utterance at the Rural Deanery conference, which raised the vicar into an unenviable, unex- pected, and unwished for notoriety,the district from Widnes to Helsby has been in a state of ferment. Every post, I am informed, brings shoals of letters reproaching, con- demning, some applauding him for his action. His parishioners have so exercised themselves over the matter that the Vicar deemed it incumbent to defend his views from his pulpit at Overton Church. His morning sermon, listened to with breathless interest,lwas an eloquent one. And if rounded periods and plausible argument could carry conviction the congregation could have almost said with Festus, "Verily ! thou almost persuadeth us to be Christian on your lines." But the fact re- mains that the sermon will add fuel to the flame already kindled and instead of allaying the parochial mind will perturb it still more. The onus was thrown entirely on the reporters, who, he asserted, only gave a garbled and condense 1 a - count. This statement is essentially misleading. Condensed the reports had necessarily to be, but as the reports were copied oft tne reverend gentle- man's M.S, and it was impossible for the alleged mis- takes to have been made, in common fairness to the pressmen Mr Blogg ought to specify the parti- cular passages which were wrongly reported and not make general and ambiguous charges.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Runcorn did very -I;liatTdraw at Salford on Saturday. The game was an exciting one through- out and though there was none of that scientifiC display which delights the heart of the football critic there was nevertheless some first class sport witnessed. There were absentees on both sides so neither can claim to have laboured under any unfair disadvantage in this respect. The visitors had un- questionably the best of matters and but for pure ill luck would have certainly lowered the colours of the "Reds." Salford invariably lost ground in the exchanges which were 'too prominent a fea- ture. Richardson and Jolley did not open out the !game as much as they might have done and repeatedly skied the ball instead of setting the three-quarter line into motion. The forwards:too, of which Moulton, Walker and Langley were the pick, outshone their vis-a-vis and had by far the best of matters. The most prominent feature of the game was the heartiness of the tackling, It was a game of' pulling don" and scoring victory by an opponent's downfall. The defence of course outshone the attack and these tactics may account for the pointless draw.—Houghton played a sterl- ing game and saved defeat repeatedly. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt MOTOR BICYCLES.—The "Bayliss Thorns, Excel- sior " Sole Agent. Inspeztlou invited. GA.FILLND, Bridge-street, Warrington. LEA-FRANCIS" CYCLES.—Britain I acknowledged best. Sole Agent, Js GARLaND, Bridge-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

IWarrington's last league match but one was played 1 on Saturday and resulted in a comfortable win over the Hunslet team, who took two points out of Warringtoa earlier in the season. They brought a full team down, and with Warrington suffering very much from ab- sentees, the odds before the match were considerably in their favour. The luck of the toss was also with thern,but the victory accrued to Warrington,principally because the home team played with plenty of dash and the substitutes rendered a good account of themselves.

Playing with the wind in their favour the Hunslet men soon had Warrington in difficulties, but their scoring powers were apparently only moderate—always excepting that wonderful goal-droppist, Albert Gold- thorpe. Early he took a penalty and popped the ball over from rather long range in a nonchalent manner winch was rather annoying to the Warringtonians.Con- sequently they made things hum in the direction of the Hunslet goal-line, Fish and Harris both having very hard tuck in not scoring. Then the Goldthorpe Com- pany—not limited—came down again and the immortal Albert dropped another goal from a mark by one of his forwards. IC would evidently not do to have him anywhere in the home half, so operations were trans- ferred to the visitors quarters. Warrington played well and before the interval a fine piece of work by Ratcliffe was responsible for Harris getting over the line. Only a point divided the teams on changing ends.

The second half saw Warrington's star in the ascend. ant. In the first five minutes Fish placed a goal such as might have made A. G. envious, and then followed a long siege of the Hunslet line. Fish got through once and was a certain scorer had he not slipped in attempt- ing to double round Mitchell. Quickly the hall went across again, and after a failure or two Harris scored smartly and placed the issue beyond doubt. The rest of the game was keenly fought, especially by the Hunslet forwards, but they never looked like scoring again, and in fact, at times the visitors were hard put to it to keep Harris out. The right winger played a dashing game and with a little luck would have been credited with four tries instead of two.

It will be remembered that at Hunslet, the Warring- ton forwards were simply pushed about like so many children, and never gave a worse show in the history of the club. Something of the sort was expected on Saturday, for the home side were short of several good pushers The result was quite different however, and a smarter or more energetic exhibition of forward play has not been given by the Warrington tearn.f or seine time. New blood works wonders, and it was evident that every man has not been a trier of late. Saturday's eight quite held their own against the fine front rank of the Hunslet club, and to their efforts is the success of the backs due.

Saturday was a day on which things came off for Warrington. Though some of the best men were absent, the substitutes played at the top of their forml Ratcliffe deserves special mention for his really "classy, display at centre. I have not seen Harris so well looked after and with such good results for a long time. Centre is certainly the " A team skipper's proper position, and his claims as reserve man for this position must not be overlooked. Fish played well and drew a lot of the attention from Harris' which is rather an advantage, Hockenhall was the best half back on the field, and repeatedly gave evidence of sound tactics and skill. Bate was a failure, and will alwaEs be so unless her parts with the ball more speedily Na udiciously. The Hunslet backs were about on a par. None played badly and none caught the eye as stars. Even , " Albert's " skill was not very apparent if we except his goal-dropping abilities. Jackson was a better half than his Captain.

There was nothing very startling about Saturday's results in the Northern League, except that Batley piled up a big score against Swinton. As soon as the cup-ties come round the Batley men seem to get a fresh lease of life, which bodes ill for their opponents. Broughton Rangers easily defeated Oldham and thus added the championship of the South East Lancashire Competition to their trophies for this season. Hull broke their run of ill-luck by winning the last of their League games, Huddersfield being the victims.

' Strangest of all Saturday's results was the do eat of Widnes on their own ground by St Helens, who won a close game by three points to two points. "What Ho!" said the rude Warringtonians when the news came. This opens out fairly the South-West Lancashire Com- petition, and gives Warrington, in my opinion,the best chance of success. Widnes were crowing last week, and already counted the cup as theirs, but it will take them all their time to win the Lancashire Senior Competi- tion Championship now, seeing that Wigan are ahead for the first time. In the South-West Lancashire Com- petition Widnes play both Runcorn and Wigan away, and defeat by either club will make Warrington's 1 chances very bright.

The Northern League table up-to-date is as follows : For Agaiust.

P W LD ... 6 T PTS T P PTS. Broughton Rangers 25...21 3 1...42 67-285...21 2)-100-43 Bradford *Swinton 25...16 9 0...29 53-226 ..27 21-117_23 Halifax 26-12 10 4...23 33-142 ..30 35-165-28 *Salford *Runcorn 24...13 9 2...27 39-171...16 23-101...23 *Warrington ... 25...14 11 0...22 37-155_28 30-142...26 Hull Oldham Leigh 25...10 15 0...30 31-153...24 37-159...20 *Hunslet . I Batley Huddersfield 1 Brighouse Rangers 26... 3 22 1-22 10— 74...51 74-321... 7 *Swinton, and Hunslet have each had four points and Salford. Warrington, and Runcorn, have each had two points deducted for breaches of the professional rules.

Leigh visited Batley, on Tuesday, and lost by seven points to two. They are thus the lowest of the Lanca- shire clubs in the League table, with Oldham running them close for the doubtful honour.

The South-West Lancashire League table up to-date is as follows : Point

P. IV. L. D. For Agst. Pts , Widnes Warrington Runcorn 7 3 4 0 23 34 6 Leigh Wigan 4 . 2 2 0 .37 36 ... 4 St. Helena ...

Angling. A general meeting of the King Edward VII. Corona- tion Club of Jolly Anglers, was held at their headquar- ters, the Rim,' o'Bells, Wilderspool-road, on Monday evening, Mr. John Collins in the chair. Several new members were enrolled, and the Secretary reported that two very handsome prizes had been handed to the committee for competition, and that the club were in treaty for the rental and fishing rights of a good, pure water.

WANTED, good GENERAL., about 20 —Aoplv 19 Ardw Blanchester, between 6 and 9.

(100 D INSURANCE BOOK FOR SALE. B. ; good die- trict ; leading Company.—Apply 0. Picx. arr. 41, Haydock-street,Barlestown.

WANTBD. a SERVANT from 18 to 25, with mood char- acter. for small famll y.—Mrs GOODWIN, 44,Clarendon road. Whalley Range. Manchester.

WANTED, GENERAL at once; good wages £2?. ; good character icdhopensab!e —Apply Mr HoltNE, Flying Dutchman Hotel. Padlham. Lancaahire.

rro CLOGGERS.—ON SALE, the WORKSHOP AND I. STOCK-IN-WADE of the late Edward Rothwell ; situated in Stanley-street. —Apply 23, PARR BROW Tyldesley Manchester.

WANwraligeDin2sF.aprernr wAle Ae k7;•g:l3eeipitioluikt-er aLlTcl'aLtEeftillowLcootteisrg; FARX, littnltbOttOM.

VVANTED GENSHAL, 18 or 19, for family of three ; able to wash.—State wates required and reference'. JAmns, 27 Eirogden-grove. Sale,

WANTED Good GENERAL; reference required,—Apply V V Mrs WALKER, The Crescent, St. Anne.. on the Sea.

HOYLE WORK, either sex; no cinvassing ; genuine indoor work ; enclose stamped envelope.—BACKHOtteS Wood End. Wedneetield Wolverhampton.

VTTANTED stroez active GIRL. able to w.st); ; another kept—MßS tLattateox.Tile Caombs,Graliseadate Park. Liverpool.

WANTED goorl GENERAL SERVANT, no children.— Apply 31.. PARLIIMENT-ST, Bury.

WANT) BOY. about 14, to look after Ping Pong tables at Liberal Mut, ; hours 7 p.m. to 1J p.m.—Ap oly MLNAGER, Liberal Club Warrington.

BLACKPOOL.—Cornpany House to Let, ten years; gookx connection; 22 beds ; low valuation.-18, likvEtocx— STREET, Central Station.

Bineal:WS SHOP TO BB Wit; cheap If taken at 01105. Apply 223, WELLISGTON-51%, Bradford, Manchester.

ANTED. Respectable 01 EL about 16 for housework; Y good home.-27. B•IIRET1'-61`,013 Trafferd,Manchester.

\VANTHD trustworthy resyectable GIRL as general ; V good home. Address with reference.—Dars DAIS, 37. Library-street, Wigan.

SINGsg.6 sewtag xtzicatsa. two drawers ; drop leaf; cover ; self-threading shuttle; splendid sewer, £3.— HOLT, 9, Riliott-street, Rochdale.

WANTED goo l MINERAL, wages Ell to £1 ft year Ty good home for suitable person —GILCHRIST. SS, mont Drive. Newsham Park, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAGIOUS EPIDEMIC.

Soatetimes from sudden relapse, or contagious epidemic, the system becomes enf-iebled, and nerves are unstrung. At such a time, a prolonged illness may otten be saved by an immediate use or Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Its grand tonic effects after influenza r fever are tangled, and as a preventive to failing strength, low spirits. loss of appetite, and all chest troubles, it is invaluable. Also as a blood purifier and strengthener. Are you a victim to neuralgic attacks or sick headaches? There is no greater specific than , Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters the best remedy for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Flatulence. Loss of Appetite. L 397 Spirits, Sleeplessness, Chest Affections, influenza, and Impure Blood. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a safe, certain, sure, and rapid Pick-me-up. Don't be without it any longer, and keep it by you for use when you want it. Toe comoonents of this great rmiely consist of Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- do:AO Lavender, and Dandelion, with just enough Quinine to complete its marvello.'s powers. NEED BE -NO APPREIIENSION.

There is probably no need tor any apprehension as to the state of your health, if you have G vilym Evans' Quinine Bitters within easy reach. it puts vigour into all the vital powers, gives tone to the stomach, stimu- lates the function of the liver, braces toe nerves, enatles the patient to throw off all despondency and promotes hopeful exertion. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a ' sevec-?old blessing of Beneficent Nature, compounded with scientific exactness for helping the vital powers of brain, nerves, and muscles, cleansing the fount of life— or Blood is the Life—and preferving the strength to stand the common attacks of Riveumatism, Gout, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuralgia, and Disorders of the stomach Don't break down for the want of trying what G wilyzn Evans' Quinine Bitter,' will do for you. Take it, and you will reel fresn in the morn- ' ing for your day's work. Take it, and you will feel strong in the evening when you leave off. Bo cheerful. enjoy your food and your labour. Gwilym Evans' Qdinine Bitters is used by the Medical Profession, it is a Purely vegetable compound, it's absolutely free fre n Mercury, it has been tested for a quarter of a century, and it is the Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the Public, but they may be classified under two heads —The Best and the Rest. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is the Beet. Gwilym Evdas' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 2 91, and 4s 6 each, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors, the Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wale?. When purchasing Gwilym Evans' Quinine Sitters beware of worthless imitation?. See the name, "Gwilym Evans " on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle without which none are genuine.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

A SATIJRDIT NIGUT SCENE AT IVIERINGTON.-A VIOLENT

PRISONER. At the Warrington Police Court en Msaday. before Mr Birchall and other magistr dos, Samuel Mather, 22 Admiral- street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Academy-street at 93) on Saturday night and with assanit- ing Walter Carter, a watchman, Superintendent Monaghan, P.S Smith and P.O Millington.-110 admitted being drunk. but said he remembered nothing of the aseaults.—Walter Carter. night -watchman at !dents Richmond's. Academy- street, said about 9.30 on Saturday night he was in the lodge having hie supper when he heard somebody knocking at the storeroarn window. He went to the door and saw prisoner who made a rush at him and Rave him a kick. Wittiess closed with him, and they fell to the ground. A man named Whittaker wise jup and blew witness's whistle to summon a Policeman. WO another man named Andrews. also rendered assistance. Sergeant Smith then same on the scene, and he was kicked on the elbow.and Superintendent Monaghan who also assisted, was kicked twice on the back and several times on the leNs. He had a narrow Arcane of being kicked in the face. The prisoner had to be carried along. aad Police- constable Killington. as soon as he Game to the assistance of the officers. was kicked on the legs. Prisoner was very drunk, and used most filthy language.—The bench decided to send prisoner to goal for two months, and thanked the civilians who assisted the officers.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

warrington Borough Court.

' - INDAY.—Before Mr Birchall (in the chair), Councillor Smethurst and Messrs Hayward, Thornton and Wright. A DVITRUCTIVE BOLDIF.R.—ThONII3 Towel!, of the Liver- pool Regiment at Orford Barracks. was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Irlam-street on Saturday night and also with breaking tke glass of the window of the shop of John Hill, 1, team-street It wit.) stated that Mrs Hill was serving a customer when she heard a smash of glass and saw the prisoner standing at the window. The customer said he saw the man strike at the window with his cane a second time. Mrs Hill gave information to the pollee and when seen la 7 a police officer the prisoner, who was drunk, admitted having broken the glass.—A. fine of lOs and Costs was imposed, A Darn, Plasseic.--Thomss Davies. 17 and 19, Friars% green ; Patrick Garritty, 21, Friars'-green ; Bllen Carter. 1. Stanley-street ; Thomas Hennessey. 5. Stanley-street ; Michael Morgan. 7. Stanley-street ; Martin Hines, 9, Stanley-street ; Michael Collins, 6, Stanley.street ; Thomas Burns, 4. Stanley-street; and Martin Naughton. 2, Stanley- st,eet were summoned for negleeting to keep clean a common passage a/ Friars-green.—lnspecmr Flood gave evidence to the effect that the passage was ein a filthy condition and upon defendants undertaking to look after the passage in the intore the cases were dismissed, - - - -

TUESDLY.—Before Aldermen Sutton (in the chair), Shaw-

nreen and Hutchinson and Dr Fox. THEFT FROM Foair.—Thomas Henry Craven (16) resid- ing in Winwick-road, Was charged with having stolen between the let and 6th inst 291 b of scrap brass. valued at 8s 9d. the property or Messrs Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company. Limited. He pleaded gnlity.—Super- intendent Monaghan said that the lad had been employed at the forge for twelve months wheeling " scrap." On Mon- day evening P.C. Clarke saw him In Winwick-road carrying a beg containing some scrap brass He questioned him and the lad admitted that he had been bringing brass away from the forge for a fortnight and accumulating it with the object of selling It. He did not take the brass home.—The boy's mother said she was not aware that he had been steal- ;rag. He had been a good boy up to the present.—The Chairmen said this was the boy's first offence and he would in accordance with custom be dealt with leniently. A fine of 5. would be imposed.

Warrington's Death Rate.—An Increase. According to the Registrar-General's official re- turns the following table shows the rate of mortal- ity in Warrington and other Lancashire towns last week :

Death rate. Death rate. Stockport....—... 270 Oldham .—... 220 St He1en5........... 21 0 Burnley ..... 27.0 Wigan ....... 16.0 Blackburn— ... 24 0 WARRINGTON. 25.0 Preston .... 25.0 Bolton ..... 15 0 Huddersfield.— 25.0 ..... 26 0 Halifax ..... 22.0 Manchester..... 230 Bradford .... 170 Salford ..... 18.0 Rochdale 21.0 The average for the 76 great towns was 20.5 per 1,000.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
tin 0- : r A , 4rl ,rm k 1 .-, S 1 7, . . ) , EL . •i 1 ' TLI ' ,

i , Th 3 Comforter and Curer. SC.OTHES INSTANTLY, HEALS QUICKLY, 1 Chilblains, Boils, Sore Eyes, Cracked Lips, Cuts, Burns, Sore Feet, Sore , Throat, Piles, Stiffness, or Aches or iPains in any part of the body.

Obtained from all Chemists, price iji';'; and 22 per tin.

Use Homocea Embrocation for Rheumatism or deep s'e(aed pains where the skin is not broken. Froprietors—HO MOCEA Ltd

98, STRAND, LONDON.

, , ,4, fe.'l.o +IL, ?•,•IrC' ' ; .4,54 -- , —,.--- -• 1 it k ' , i touches - , the Spot. .A.,.., . 7 r-1 a a

===== 0002601_19020314_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A THEATRICAL FRACAS.

County Court Action at Warrington.

Peculiar Case.

An action in which Evelyn Cie,:le, an actress, sued Ernest Luck, pantomime proprietor, for £2O dart:Ares for assault and battery was concluded at the Warring. ton County Court on Saturday before his Honour Judge Bowen Rewlands, K.C. Mr Browne represented the plaintiff and Mr Steel conducted the deface. Plaiethre case was that she was engaged by the Brothers Luck as second boy in the pantomime "Sinhad the Sailor," but her part was subsequently changed to that of second girl. The company had pertormed at Gateshead, and were travelling on Sunday, February 16th to Warrington to appear at the Roval Court Theatre. Mr Deere, a gentleman who originally pro- duced the pantomime, but who had resigned his con- nection with the campany, was still at that time travelling about with them as plairtiff's Cuter, and ob- tained permisaion from the Br others Luck to travel on this train to Warrington at the three-quarter fare. From what was said en the station the Brothers Luck seemed to have changed their minds atoat letting him travel. When the train got to L iamside station a few miles south of Newcastle-era-Fyne there was a short stay to allow tue carriages of another company travelling in the same directiest to be joined to the train. Miss Clyde heard a row going on at one of the compart- ments, and found the Brotheis Luck arguiog with Mr Deere. They were shouting "tore him out "and " Dim out." They then appealed to the stationmaster, and be said that as there was room in the com- partment the gentleman had a right to travel so long as the passengers with him did not object. Toe passengers did not obj,ct. The father of the d - feudant said " pull him out. I will take the responsi- bility." Defendant ordered the stationmaster to pull him out. Miss Clyde+ got in the carriage and told them not to have any bother. Defendant pushed her on one side. She told him that he must not push her. e then took her by the arm and twisted it to such an extent that she screamed out. She afterwards told him he was a emceed, and he said he had net touched her. The stationmaster made a certain remark, and the defendant made a reply which would be the subject of an action for slander in the High Court of Justice. When the company reached Warrington Miss Clyde went to Dr. ;leery, and he attended to her arm. The arm required attention for the whole week. She had her arm up when sh 3 went to the theatre, vest the Brothers Luck were most insulting. Defendant said he was not going to have her arm in a sling. She had a most worrying time the whole week. She was now a mere walking dummy on the stage. They had taken every sonc and every word from her. She showed Dr Smith, who was called in by the Brothers Luck, the certiecate she had obtained from Dr Geary, and although she was ordered by the Brothers Luck to show her arm, Dr Smith would not of course examine her arm except in the presence of her medical man. Dr Geary certified that Miss Clyde was suffering from shock. HP prescribed for her and she had had to take medicine since she left Warrington. At the outeet, Mr Browne drew attention to what he described as a contempt of court. An avet of the defendant's company, he said, repeatedly went in and oer of the court on Tnursday, when the case was come unencA, and told the witnesses for the defence what had happened in court. His Honour said it was a very abominable thing. Mr Steel said ha did not know why this was dragged in to prejudice the case. Mr Browne said it was not so dragged in. His Honour observed that such conduct was a very improper proceeding altogether. He went on to say that the question of whether Mr D Cre had interferred with the ladies of this company and endeavoured to get them to j oin another company was not relevant and need not be touched up-n. It was also very difficult to see how Mr Leek was justified in pulling him out of the train. That was net material. Mr Steel said he wished to convince his Honour that there was no este ult upon the plaintiff: His Honraar : That is the whole point. Ernest Luck, the defendant, was then railed, and des- cribed the journey to Leamside. Arrived there he tald the station inapector that there was a gentlemen travel- ling in the train who had no right to do so. He laid he was travelling under false pretences and asked the inspector to turn him out. He said he weuld not. He (defendant) then went to the carriage and told him to come out sa he had no right to travel in the train.. Mr Deere said " Don't you touch me. Go sway."' He refused to come out, and he (defendant) said he would put him out. He reolied " Don't dare to touch me. I shall strike'you." He (defendant) then seized held of him. He took his right wrist in one hand and put his ethereround his neck. Miss Clyde then rushed in and put her arm round Deere's, and pushing him (defendant) away said "You shall noti take him." Mr Philip Luck name into the compartment, and was going behind him when Darts fell forward and Miss Clyde screamed " Oh, my arm" two or three times. He (defendant) bad not Put his hands upon Mies Clyde at all. He was quite sure he did not touch Miss Clyde. He did net see her in a fainting condition. At one stopping place she looked after her luggage and was talking to some of the chorus girls. At the first Performance at Warrington on Mon- day evening plaintiff had her hand in what seemed to be a sling. He told her he could not allow her to go on like that. She said she weeld do nothing of the kind, and that he would have to par for this. He said he would see about that, and added "Go and fetch the best doctor," Dr Smith was called in. He introduced the doctor to the plaintiff. Std/ale Browne: We say nethMee against the doctor. He acted with the greatest of eriq aette. Defendant described the interview 'with the doctor, and said that the plaintiff afrerwarda continued to attend rehearsals and bad played ever since. Be believed she missed ens rehearsal. With reeard to what had been said about cutting her part down, she was treate , exactly ae others were, including himself and his wife, because the pantomime was too long. Be had never shown any malice towards Miss Clyde. Mr Browne Then the whole thing is concocted. Defendant : That's my opinion. In further croes-examination defeadant said thelplain- tiff had no right in the compartment. Her name was on anorher compartment. Evidence in sawn wss given by Philip Luck, Mr ' and Mrs Ralphor, James Johnson aud Frank Percival Mr Percival and Miss Davies. Dr Smith was called and described kis first interview with the plaintiff. He said he was introduced in the usual way by Mr Luck. He afterwards egamined the plaintiff at Dr Geary's house. She took her clothes off without any assistance. He watched her closely, and there was no indieation of pain. He examined her right arm. There was no bruising or swelling tender- ness, or discoloration. If the shoulder joint had been sprained he wool i have expected to find seine discolora- tion. He worked her arm and she then complained of feeling pain. He merely put her arm in the same posi- tion as it was when the took her clothes off. If defendant had taken hold of bar with a severe grip he would have expected to find a bruiee. From the evidence for the defence he sheull think the injury could have been caused in the way described. He did not think it was a serious injury at all. Dr Geary advised rest and plaintiff did not take it. In those circumstances he thoneht the cure was a quick one. Mr Steel : Did you form the opinion that Miss Clyde was shamming ? Witness : I thought it was put on. Mr Browne : have you any reason to doubt Dr Geary'a word!? Witness : Net a bit. Mr Steel submitted that the injury was very trivial indeed, and that Miss Clyde had not suffer ,c 1 any pain Comparatively from what resulted in the train. Dr Smith formed an opinion that sho was shamming. He submitted that the damages were altogether excessive. Assuming there was an aseeult she was only ent t;ad to nominal damages. Re centended, however, teat no assault was committed. Plaintiff acted very unwisely in going to ties carriage. She had nn business there. He submitted that the story of the witnesses for the defence was more probable and natural than that of the plaintiff and her witnesses. His Honour said he could not doubt there was a great deal of excitement, and that defendant got hold of the plaintiff with a recoil which he never for a moment contemplated. and would have t 3en the last man in the world to have inflicted the iojury. He thought, however, the matter was a very striae one. !Mr Browne said that they did not know when the action was laid in the first instanc what the damage would be. They did not know for instance what the doctnets bill would be. He had not told them that they would not require further assistance. They did not ask for £2O. They would be extremely f colish to do so. He admitted it was too much. His Honour said he thought that a jedgment for the plaintiff for £5 54 inclusive of everything would be strictly just between both parties, and would compen- sate the, plaintiff for the direct result of the assault which he found was in fact committci upon her. He gave judgment for that amount with costa. There was a large attendance of the public in court and the judge's decision was received with applause.

Wycliffe Band of Hope.

A concert was held in connection with the above on :Wednesday. Mr Joseph. Owen occupied the chair and gave a brief,but very interesting addreQs. The following persons kindly contributed to the programme, Ni iss C Wells, and Mr Wait am rendered solos in good style. Recitations were given by Mrs Davonport and Miss Hilda Gee,also a pianoforte solo by Miss Ethel Pickup. The latter portion of the evening was occupied by lantern views by Mr Frank Owen, all of which were appreciated by the members and friends and a very successful evening was brought to a close by the singing of the Doxology.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER FRI I)AY, MARCH l4 1902

try which Ringwall converted. Warrington again rallied I and superior work of the backs saw another opening made, but the try was not improved upon. The visitors attacked until the interval, and Lawless was successful with another penalty. this point bringing Warrington's aggregate up to twelve points against five scored by the Birkenhead men. In the second half the eff.irts of both sides to augment their score proved futile and the end arrived with Warrington victorbas by three goals and two tries to one goal and one try.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN LEAGUE.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON REVENGED ON HUNSLET,

The Hunslet team fulfilled their return engagement with Warrington by appearing at Wilderspool on Saturday. They were fully represented, while Warrington had to find sub- stitute' for Isherwood, Dickenson, Edmond". Fell and Edmondson. About 5,000 spectatore assembled, and the weather was windy and showery, though th-. turf appeared In good condition. Mr Robinsoo, ef Mannlngham. was the referee, aid the teams were composed as follows : Warrington Hallam, fu I back ; Fish. Jones, Ratcliffe and Harris, three-quarters ; Hockenhall and Bate, half backs; Boardman. Morrison, J Swift. W Swift, Roberts, G Jolley, Cunningham and Aldred. forwards Hunstet : Mitchell, full back ; Hannah, W Goldthorpe. Whiteley and Smdh, three-quarter. ; Albert Goldthorpe and Jackson, half backs ; Tunniagley, Shooter. Glew, Wray, Wilson, Ram tge. Walsh, and Lunn, forwards, . .

Hunslet wofithe tOSS All,l Swift kicked off for Warrington against a strong breeze. Warringt in carried the ball in touch, and from the succeeding scrimmage Hunslet had an ineffective attempt to break away. Hannah running strongly along touch. Harris, however, checked him. The next minute a passing movement among the Hunslet books almost ended in Smith scoriog. Fish only just grassing him in time. A scrimmage near the line en led in Hockentiall bteaking away splendidly, and kicking over Mitchell's head. Play in midfield fol:owed and neither team had much advan- tage. "Farrington were at length penalised, and Albert Gold- thorpe dropped a tine goal. Scarcely had the game been started when Jones passed to Fish in the Warrington twenty Ave. The latter race i away in fine style and, kicking over Mitchell'e bead, he would certainly have scored had he not been badly fouled,rand se hurt that the game was stopped ' for some time On restarting Tenningley made a mark, and Albert Goldthorpe dropped a goad from close to the tonchline Fish again broke away, and was knocked in touch at the quarter Has. He again returned to the attack, and had he fielded the ball he could have walked in. Unfortunately the ball bounced on one side, and the Warringtoa captain just missed scoring. Huaslet had a spell ma the attack, and some stiff scrirnm,ging took place on the Warrington line. Hock- enhall and Bate, by judicious kicking, put the team out of their diffitulties• Ratcliffe. and Harris further improved Warrington's position. Ratcliffe made a flee tricky run, which gdned a lot of ground, and Hockenhall and Jones further supplemented. Warrington having the hardest lull( in not scoring However, the next moment Ratcliffe, by a splendid piece o' piay, made a clear opening for Harris, and tle latter ran over, reducing Hunslet's lead tot point. Half- I time : Hunslet 2 go ils (4 points), Warring:on I try (3 points). Albert Goldthorpe restarted, and 111,rrisal miss-kicked in touch. This WAS however atoned for by two fine kicks by Harris, which gave Warrineton a footing in Hunsiet's ground. Here Ratcliffe made his merk. and Fish gave War- ringtoa the lead by a somewhat diffiadit goal klek, three minutes from the start of the second potion of the gam.. Play now continued entirely in Warrington's quarters, and Fish dashed along touch and was floored a yard from the line and Hockenhall almost broke theough A run and kick by sate was mulled by Waiter Goldthorpe, and Warrington attacks 5. but dribbling bv A bert Goldthorpe and Jaekson &rain got Hanslet out o- the tight comar. Ratcliffe and Harris at whose side the ball chiefly went, made groat efforts to get over. Hari is twice being brought down by Mitchell at the corner. Rventually H ,ekenhall sent a rapid pass to Ratcliffe who transferred to Harris, the latter scor- ing easily. There was no g ial. Hunslet roused up again and by fine forward play took up a stand in the home half. The attack was of brief duration. Hallam sending them back with a long pant urarrington nearly scored azain through Harris who had hard luck after a dashing run down touch Final : Warringtoa, 1 goal, two tries (eight points); Runslet, 2 goals (4 points.)

===== 0002601_19020314_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BAMFORD V. RUNCORN.

The return match botivarso these club: was payed on the Salford ground, and. considering the unfavourable state of the weather, there was a goo 1 number of spectators present, The opening stales of the game were of a very even char- acter. and for some time ion 4 kicking by the Runcorn backs was neuzralise 1 by the arrong rushes of the Saltord forward., Houghton ultimately followed up one of hi. kicks,arad placed his forwards on-side, when they dribbled the ball away. and Salford were forced to concede a minor to avert disaster. After Lomas had failed to place a penalty goal, he made a fine opening for Bone, Who ran, and then kicked the ball over Ltoughten's head. hut in attempting to again griller it he unfortunately kno:ked it forward, and thus lost a certain try. When half-time arrived neither die had scored. Saltord commenced the second half in a vigorous fashion,and Bone was pushed into tonoh on th • Runo)rn line, whilst a little later Varty was WAL tackled by Jo ley j ist in time to prevent him scoring. Lomas next had a penally kick, !silt he again failed to place a goal. At length the Runcorn for- wards broke avrty, earl th 5 beg was taken over the Salford line, but no score resulted owing to some previous infringe- ment having taken place. The later stages of the game wore carried on in midfield, and ire the end the result was a point- less draw.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SIVOTTON v B.A.TLE e.

This return match was played at Batley, before a good number of spectatoss. On the home side. Fozzard played In pace of Davies, but Swinton were without D Davies and Harnpson, or wh fm Williamson and Barnett were sub- stituted. Valentine kicked off for Swinton. who quick forced their way inside the hsme quarter. where Morgan gave Cooper a neLt pass, but before he became dangerous he as wall taskled by Fitzgerald. Then the home forwards took play to the other end of the field, where Swinton were penalised and Fitzgerald placed a goal for Batley. For Borne time Swinton were kept well on the defensive,whsts Stubby, from a pass by Oakland, scored a try fos Batley, and Fitz- gerald kicked a goal. Theo the Swinton foricaads rushed the ball to the Batley quarter, but Midgley and Spurr quickly recovered the ground, and Oakland scored another try for Batley. which Fitzgerald again improved. AM half- time Batley led by twelve points to nothina. Early in the sczon3 half Swinton commenced to attack strongly, but time after time the Batley forwards relieved the pressure, and eventually play settled down in the Swinton quarter. Hera a passing movement took place bstween Fitzgerald. I Oakland, and 41nekleton, which ended In another try and goal for Batley. Barnett 103,-.1 a try for Swinton, which Preston isaproved, and the game ended —Batley, four gods and three tries (17 points); Swinton, one goal and one try (five points).

===== 0002601_19020314_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIGHIUSE V. HALIFAX

At Brighouse, before 3.M1 spectators. Kitson kick.d off for the visitors, and Brighouse attacked strongly, Hodgson scaring, but Saville failed at goal. Halifax could not clear. and Savide just missed a goal from a mark • Haliras pressed navill I relieving,and Halifax being penalised. Saville landed a val. Brighouse pressed up to the interval. After the interval good pay by Dsnham, Walker, and Boothroyd put Brighouse in a good position. and Saville hat a penalty sh which just vr,nt outside. Brown. Help and Firth did good work for Hallfsx. and Holroyd passed to Firth. who score I, but fallei at goal. IC :en play folowed until Firth kicked down, Halifax scoring Kitson improve-I. Result :—Halit ax, one goal and two tries (eight points). Brighouse, one goal an ono try (five points).

===== 0002601_19020314_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL. V. HUDDERSFIELD

These fifte.as met at Hull. hull had the best of one eat- ful play in th early stages, but on get Ling snore into their stride they thoroughly bel Huddersfield. Parry scored an unconveqed try, and Kitson get over in thee umer• Kitchen scored for Hu idersfield after a fine run. After the interval Hull secured a well-deserved try, Jacques landing the goal., Then Kull passed badly. thmwing cnances away, while Hudder3field towards the finish were very prominent, their efforts. howeaer. being fruitless. R,sult r—Hull. three goals and four tries (13 points) ; Hualderafield, one goal and one try (five points.)

===== 0002601_19020314_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHTON RANGERS V OLDHLM

The return match between these clubs teak place on the Rangers ground, before about 5,000 spectators. The Ran gets were strongly reoresented but on the Oldham side Dixon Played at full back in piaci, of Thomas. From start to finish the Rangers showed far superior play to their opponente.and won somewhat easily by a margin of eleven points. The Rangers' three-guarters were kept continually on the more by the brothees James, and so vigorous did they attack that at one pert of the game Oldham were forced to bring out one of their forwards to act as ail extra three-quarter. In spite if this, however, Harry followed up one of his kicks, again get possession, an -1, passing the ball to Wilson,he transferred it to Woodhead, who scored a try. which W James Improved. half-time the Rangers led by five points to nothing, In the second half, the Rangers again had the b-ist of the play, and, with the exception of BOMA good individual efforts by Pe tree. Moore, and Williams, Oldham were forced to act on the defmeive for the most part. Widdesoia, Wilson and Trotter scored tries, one of which W James improved ; whilst Pearce scored a try for Oldham towards the finish, and Horzey kicked a goal, Final score•--11roughton Rangers, two goals and four tries (16 points) ; Oldham, one goal and one try (five points). BATLEY V LEIGH.

Thls return fixture, which has been twice postponed on account of frost, was decided at Mount Pleasant, Batley, on Tuesday. This was the last League engagement of Batley. There was only a poor attendance when the match was corn- menced. In th.. first half the game was evenly contested. Davies kicked a goal and scored a try. Fitzzerald also placed a goal, Result i—Batlev, two goals and one try, (seven points) ; one goal (two points).

===== 0002601_19020314_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON "_A "y._BIRKENHEAD "

This match was played at Birkenhead on Saturday in fine weather. The vtsitors made the journey with twelve men, whilst the home side commenced operations with only ten, the full complement being made up after ten minutes' play, when it was seen that the side was almost similar to that which does duty in the Senior Competition Despite the fact of being short handed the visitors started full of confid- ence, and the game had not been in:progress many minutes before Lawless dashed over with a clever try, which he also improved upon. Warrington still had the best of !ratters, and another hot raid on the Birkenhead goal saw the home men penalized for premature work at the pack, and Lawless improved Warrington's score with a fine goal placed from almost off the touch lino. liven play folowed. but eventually the Birkenhead men passed well and Lewis scored a clever

HOME COMES FIRST. mAzAwATTEE MILK CHOCOLATE . is a pure home product incomparably finer than any foreign Alilk Chocolate.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN " A" V. SALFORD "A."

This match took place at Runcorn on Saturday before a good crowd. The visitors made an appearance k.hout half an hour after the advertised time. The referee was Mr Critchley Salford started, and scrummaging ensued in the centre. From the pack Faulkaer broke away, arid passed to Price who ki iked well. Shortly afterwards the ball was sent over the visitors' line, and one of their men failing to kick dead, Poole ran up and scored. Price failed at goal. Play fluctu- ated for a time, and front another forward rush Poole added a second try. The score at the interval WAS two taes to nil in favour of Runcorn. On resuming Watford immediately pressed, but were met by a good defence. The ball w e sent slowly over the line and Wilkinson simply knocked the ball down, enabling one of the visiiing forwards to score easily. Later a mark was productive of a goal for the visitors. From some loose play in centre a fine passing movement between the three-quarters ended la another score a goal being added. Salford finally on by two goals two tries (ten.points); to two tries, (six points).

LN:',AS:-117?E SEIID3 CDMPETITION.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Defeat of Widnes lay St. Helens. SUMMARY OF RESULTS.

G. T. P. Wigan 5 4 22 Radcliff. 0 0 0 B trrow _ . - ._... _ _ _

Rochdale Hornets ... 0 1. 3 I‘ll Rona 0 o St. Helene 0 1 3 Widnes S.o2kpon.

RESULT 3 UP TO DATR.

For. Agst. p. vv L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Wigan 20...17... 3... 0 ..35 58-244...16 9 - Widnes 18...16 .. 2... 0...36 52-238 _l2 7- 45...32 St Helens 21...14... 6... 1...30 41-183...20 18- 94.29 Hull K. Rovers l9 -11- 4... 4...31 44-194...14 10- 58...26 B trrow 21. 12... S.. 1...34 34-173-20 15- 85...25 *Stoekpart 22-12 .. 7... 3...28 29-143...23 15- 85...25 Millom 20. 9... 42-178.. 19 23-107...23 Birkenhead 22... 8...11- 3...20 29-127...21 38-156-.19 Rochdale H'nets 18... 8... 8 .. 2...26 23-121... 9 18- 73...18 Lancaster 91 8. 12 .. 1...30 27-141...21 27-125...17 Morecambe 19 3...15 .. 1...12 18 - 78...32 28-148... 7 *Altrinchara L.'S... 1... 5 2 - 16 ..52 91-374... 1 'Radcliffe 19... 1-17... 1... 5 9- 37...63 110 456... 1 *Radcliffe. Altrincham an i Stockport have eacb bad two points deducted for breach of rules.

WIDNEI V ST. HISLEVS.—ThISe tettllS met At Widnes on Saturday, and a h ,rd 1u ht game resulted in a win for the visitors by a try to a goal. Widnes led at half-t.me, but Appleton won the match for St, Helens by scoring a try In the second half The match also counts in the Seuth—West Lancashire Competition.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

SANKEY JALBIONS V. THELWALL.

This return mstoh waa placed on the ground of the first reamed on Slturday.and resuled in a w'n for Sankey Asibions by four gosls to nil. liampsln scored 2 goals. Llnwellyn 1, and Webb 1, for the winners. ST. LUXE'S T. WILDEPS?OOL CENTRAL.

Played on the ground of the first named. The Saints started operations. even play following for some time. Several corners were awarded the locals, but their eff .Irts to score proved futile. The in'erval arrive-I with a clean sheet. In re.tarting the Centrals had the best.' of matters. Wood- heaol having tricked several opponents passed to Finch, who beat the home custodi tn. Final : Wilderspool tlentraLone goal ; St Luke's, nil.

Warrington and District League. Position of club up to March 130. 1902 : Goals Cluba Played Won Lost Dwn For Agst Pts "Burtonwood lB ...15 ... 1 ... 2 ... 5) ...13 ...30 Warrington Trinity l6 ...13 ... 1 ... 2 ... 36 ... 7 ...23 Bewsey All Saints l7 ...12 ... 3 ... 2 ... 37 ...12 ...26 Latchford 19... 8... 6 . 5... 28 ..18 ...21 Latonford Britannia 15 . 8 . 5 2 . 32 ...13 ...18 St. Austin's .. . l6 . 7 . 5 .. 4 .. 22 ..20 ...18 St. Mary's 15 . 6 . 6 . 3 26 .21. —l5 Frodsham P Lrish Church 18 ... 6 ... 9 ... 3 ... 23 ...40 Stockton Heath lB . 6 . 11 . 1 .. 28 ...33 ...13 Richmonds A.F.O Runcorn Parish Church —lB ... 4 —ll ... 3 ... 19 —4l ...11 Daresbury 16 . 3 ...10 ... 3 ... 21 ...46 ... 9 ' Guardian,"/A.F.C. lB . 2 ...15 1 ... 13 ...68 ... 5 *Two points deducted for breach of rules.

" WARRINGTON GUARDIAN " V RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH.

At A-r-plev. In the second half, the locale were favour-ed. with the strong wind. Runcorn pressed strongly, and earths brought off sone goo Boyle before the ball we eventually head.d through. Final : Runcorn, one gal " euardian," none, . _

===== 0002601_19020314_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RIC/INIONDS' TINCUNEERS DIRESBURY.

At Warrington. The home forwards got possession, and from a bully in frontal goal the ball was .usheel through. Daresbury aew broke away, but their shooting in front of goal was very bad. After this the home team had all the play, and Corcoran added two more goals in quica succes- sion. In the second half the vi.itors had the wind In their favour, but could make no headway whatever. A warner was forced by the Engineers, but the ball was sent behind. Richmonds were soon again hovaring round the visitoes' goal, and Fielding banged the ball through, awl a few minutes later Corcoran added another. Final r—ltichmonds Engineers, live goals ; Dareabury, nil. WARRINGTON ST. M &BY'S V. WARRINGToN TRINITY . .

Pla.yed. on the ground of the former. The firiiC score was registered after 39 minutes' play. Houghton abet in for Trinity. the ball striking eft Miller and entering his own goel. Give-and-take play followed until hall-time, when Warrington Trinity led by one goal to nil. In the second halt the Saints' forwards were not quite able to get into their ptride and the visitors' defence was able to deal easily with the attack. Houghton for the visitors scored a splendid goal. The visitors were playing a fine game at this stage,and Lavell scored a third point. Final :—Wartington Trinity. three goals ; Warrington St Eary'e, nil. LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. SOUTHP ,RT CENTRAL V. HAYDOCK . . .

Th ismatch was playa I on Saturdiy, at Southport,ini rainy weither, before a moderate attendance. At tire interval the score closed in favour of Central by five goals to nil. In the aeaond half the home teun scored again, and ultimately won by six goals to cll. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS T. OUGHTNINGToN-rARK,

Played at Newton oi;-Sat:ird-a-y, Newton started, the visitof s playing nine men, but shortly after the commence- ment the other two men turned out. Newton practically monopolised the play, but from a break away the visitors beharne dangerous. and Raynor harming, a penalty was awarded. Lea to* the kick, but struck the uprizht, and Marsh cleared from the rebound. Wood scored for the visi- toss after half en hour's play. Broster equalising almost immediately afterwards. Mayor put the home team in front just before the interval. Halt-time :—Newton 2 goals, Ougatrlngton-park I. Final, a draw 2 goals each. WORKINGTON v. EARLEST >WN. At Workington before a large gate. Workington kicked cif, and immediately attacked. the visitors' defence being severely tried. & shot from Wood just topped the crossbar. Then Earlestown broke away, and, following a free kick, the visitors scored a soft goal Before half time Wool equalized In the second half the play WAS of an even nature, and the reiult was a draw of one goal each.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOTHER'S PITY A Woman's Complaint.

How often' does one hear from the lips of weary, suffering vre.mari the bitter complaint tlaac life is a bur- den to them. It is on tte lips of hundreds cf women whose lives ought to be bright and full of the joy of good health. This was the complaint of Mrs. A. IManard, of 52, Aloha-road, Southvillc, Bristol. Writing on March 11th, , 1901, she states that for two years she was a great ' sufferer from general debility and pains in the back, below the waist. "In fact," she says, "my life was quite a burden to me, for worse than the pains was the terrible depression of spirits from which I suffered. Looking back now to that time, I feel a great pity for my c.hildren remembering how intensely irritable I was. My sight became so blurred that I resolved to sea a I specialist about it Mrs Manard's despair is pla'nly shown by her letter and her sorrow t at her illness should reflect on her children. Many mothers will know what Mrs Manard means by her pity for the children for in illness every small incident becomes a trouble:and the demands of young children on the mother's attention almost a tor- ment to the pain-tacked parent. Yet there is no reason why this should be so. Mrs Manard's illness was due to her kidneys. The depreesion and debility, the pain' In the back, all were due to the common cause of dis- ease, the kidneys failing to properly cleanse the blood. When Mrs Manard tried the great kidney specific,Dodd's Kdoey Pills, she was cured, and just as they cured her, they will cure you. They are simply indisp-nsOle to young or old who would be healtby,and they have cured thousands of hopeless cases.

_ Dodd'a Kidney Pilla are 21 93 per bog. of all Chemists. or pt tree on rec(ipt of price by the D-idd's Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Remember the name,

ELECTRIC OVERHEAD TROLLEY BARGES.—A committee of the /louse of Lords, presided over by the Earl of Dartrey, passed a Bill authori9ing the construction of a canal across from the Medway at Chatham in the Thames opposite Etat Tilbury, for sailing barges. The ships of the canal would he propelled by eketricity on the overhead railway svtm. The South-Etstern and Chatham Railway opposed the Bill.

CA.DBURY'S Cocos is a pure refined beverage, nutritious stimulating, ard digestible. The' Lancet " says it" repre- sents the standard of highest purity." Entirely free from admixtures, such as kola, malt, bops, alkali, etc. Insist upon haying CADBURY'S, as other Cocoas are sometimes s übstituted for extra profit. In Packets and Tins only. (4.)

DEATH OF mR. JOHN PLATT. It is with a regret vv•litch we feel will be shared by many townspeople, that we record the death of Mr John Platt, at his residence, Clifton Lodge, Llandudno, at 8.30 on Friday morniug. For some years past Mr Platt had been suffering from Dead disease, and a recent attack of influenza, hastened his death.

lie came to Warrington in 1868 and opened a factory in Lythgoe's-lane for velvet cutting. His father carried 411 a similar business elsewhere 4nd the Warrington establishment was opened under the name of James Platt and Son. Business rapidly increased and other branches were opened in several parts of the town. Five years ago, the business was amalgamated with that of the late Councillor Joseph Wilkinson, and the two concerns were carried on under the name of Messrs Platt, Wilkinson and Company. More recently still, the businesses had been joined with those of the Velvet Cutters Association. Owing to ill-health, Mr Platt found it desirable to withdraw himself from business cares. Prior to his removal to Llandudno he resided at the Mount, Walton. In politics. Mr Platt was a Lineral. In 1876, he was returned as a repre-eutative of the North East Ward on the Warrington Town Council, and was elected an Alderman in 1890 About this time he took up his residence at Llandudno, and he finally severed his clonection with thA Council in 1894.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
'FRE FUNERAL.

The funeral sf th;Ta-te-M.r.-P-i-a-t-c. took place at the Southport Cemetery on Tuesday. The coffin and some of the chief mourur.rs left Llindudno at eight o'clock, and reached Smthpo t C-mstery At midday, being met at the station liy a nuinner of friends from Warrington and o•Mer Tne Rooert Stephenson, vicar of St James's Birkdale, officiated, and the interment took place in the grave where the deceased's father,Mr bales Platt, of Newlands, Patricroft, and also his mother, lie buried. The mourners included Mr Robert Shepherd . and ms John si)enhe,d, Coneleton (uncles) Widdowß,Lytlism (sister) ; Mies N,llie Platt (daughter), Miss MicGlashan, Nurse Coddy, Smthoort ; Miss Shep- herd (c msin) ; Mr P Erstwnoil (cous'n) ; Mr Shepherd, (cousin) ; Mr J R Meanock, Royton ; Mr Charles and Miss Whit,, Warrington ; while representing the firm of Platt, Wilkinson and Co., Limited, were Mr W C Ruins, Mr .G U M'. ii, Mr John Wilkinson, Mr Josep Wi kinson, and Mr J Par ington, all of Warringtonh The coffin, which sots a in 41151V(4 OUP, with brass mount- ings, bore the s!mril,ii inscription "John Platt, born D:cember 20th, 1542 ; died March 7th, 1902." On it wer..ilolaced a number of beautiful floral tributes which had been tent by the fllowinz relatives and friends:— Nellie, Erniiy and E lith. Marjorie Mrs dietary S Southport ;Mrand Mrs Adolphe C Meyers, Mr and Mrs Joseph Broome, Liandurino ; T aod M Smith, Mr and Mr J Whittak Birkitale ; E J VVhithy, Dr and Mrs Thomas Dalton, Llandudno ; Mr and Mrs S Chamber- lain. Plea Brith ; Mr and Mrs Edward W Johnson, Llandu Ire; Mrs lissley, Pelsberg, Llandudno ; the Misses ChAmoneys, and the maids at Clifton Lodge. The funeral arrangiiments were in the hands of Messrs Thotpe and Son', Llandudno. MAO'S PERIAL REFERENCE.

At the conclusion of the usu tl bvsiness at the War- rington Police Court on Monday, the Chairman (Mr T Birchen) s.id the Court ought not to adj mrn without an expression of their deep regret upon receiving the intelligence last week of the, death of one of their col- leagues, Mr John Platt. It was true thst on account of his residence at Llanduclao he had not given much active service is the court for some time, hut he was a man who was very much esteemed in Warrington, and would, had his health permitted his residence in the town have done goad public service. tie was sure they all regretted his desth very much, and would desire to express their kindle avinnarho wih his family.

St. Ann's Choir Social. The members of the ch iir at St. Ann's Church ' held a social in the Dannett-itreet schoolromns, on Monday. The chair was taken by the Rev. James Davies (the vicar.) A violin solo was the first item, and was well rendered by Master W Harrison. Mr Thomas sang "Sailor boy's dream,' and the next item was a pianoforte sslo, which Miss Houghton rendered with considerable skill. Following this was the song, "Children's home," by Miss Bate; after which came the song, entitled "Flight of Agee," by Mr Walter Booth. The Misses Chesworth contributed a trio for mandoline, violin and piano, I and Mr F. Taylor rang, "Monarch of the Woods." The next item was the well-know song, "Mary of Argyle," by Mr J Hannan; after which Mrs Hannan rendered" Dear Heart." The choir gave a very good interpretation of tfie chorus, " Excelsior." This was the last item before the interval. The first item after the interval was a chorus by the ! choir boys entitled, "Soldier's song." A duet for : violin and piano, " " Fantasia on National Airs," was contributed by Mr Egerton and Miss Hewitt ; and a song, entitled 'Home, 'Deane, Home," by Miss Bate. Mrs Hannan egain appeared and sang "Sun of my soul," and Mr Hannan "Let me like a Soldier Fall." A flute solo, " Polonaise in C" was rendered by Mr Roberts. The next item was a quartette entitled "Call John," and was ably rendered by Messrs Savage, Jowett, Gorton and F Taylor. The trios by the Misses Cheswortly for mandoline, violin end piano, was well received, and Mr Thomas gave a song entitled •• Obedient to the Call." Then for the finale, "Good Night and Farewell" was sung by Miss Bate, and chorus by the choir.

I 0 G.T., No 1. _Convention, SW. Lancashire

- . The usual monthly session ni the above was held in the Co-operative Hall, Wargrave-road, Earlestovvn on Saturday. Bro U Clarke,P,D E S,le Coon. opened the session, there being a good muster of repre- sentatives and visitors from Warrington, Earles- town, Widnes, St Helens, Ashton-iu-Makerfield, Wigan, and Leigh. Bi oG B Walker DT, PGA S., (Liverpool), was present, and took the chair after the opening ceremony. Toe reports of the various lodges and temples showed that, on the whole,good work was being done. A resolution in favour of the Government Licensing Bill was adopted and copies were ordered to be sent to the local M.P.'s and to the Cabinet Ministers. Bro Walker gave a good address on the work of the Juvenile Temples and an interesting discussion followed. After tea. a public meeting was held, there being a good attendance. The chair was taken by Bro T Cutler, , CT. of the Earlestown Lodge. An address was delivered by Bro GB Walker, and songs &,c were given by members and friends of the order. Money-back soap—Fels-Naptha. 2:1,d a bar.

Reason enough for believing what-

ever we say of it.

Fels-Naptha soaj Peninsular House Monument London E C

===== 0002601_19020314_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION.

How Warrington will Commemorate • the Great Event.

Suggestions Approved.

It is evident that the people of Warrington intend to celebrate the Coronation in a manner befitting such a memorable event. Ample indication of the desire of the inhabitants that the festivities should be on a scale worthy of the town, was afforded at the largely attended and representative meeting which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall Warrington on Wednesday last week at the request of the Mayor (Mr J Charl- ton Parr) to discuss the matter. The Mayor presided and amongst those present were : The Mayoress and Mr Roger Parr, C,C., the Rector (Rev Canon Willis, the Revs E C E Carleton, I E It Tarbuck, B Percival, Father Wilson and John Yonge, Aldermen Monks,Shaw Green and Hutchinson, Councillors Smethurst, John Roberts, James Evans, Baird, Rogers and Wilkinson, Major Buckton, Dr Fox, Messrs C White T Birchall, J W Ilayward,T Ashcroft,George Wallington, E Wailing- ton, J G Craik, C S Burgess, E Imson, F Stott, and the Town Clerk (Mr J Lyon Whittle). • . . .

, The Maras delivered a short introductory speech. He pointed out that they had no precedent to guide them in considering the matter. because he thought this weuld be the first Coronation that most of them had experienvd. Speaking for himself be did not remem- ber another. (Laughter.) Not only that, but the Cot- poration was non-3xistent at the time of the last Coronation, so there was absolutely no precedent and they must strike out a line for themselves. The recent Diamond Jubilee celebrations, however, would help to a certain extent to show th iai the different ways in which they might commemorate the Cerination, but the circumstances were so vastly different that they would have to be modified to a very con,iderable ex- tent. 11, took it teat their anxiety would be to c7le- brate the auspicious event in a mariner worthy of the King and Queea and of the loyalty and &written which tneydentertained for them,and also of the traditions, the honour,and dignity of the good old town of Warrington. Their first business would be t ascertain where and bow the money was to come from, because the cele- bration could not be adequately carried out without a considerable outlay. They must make up their minds , whether the contributions were to be supplemented by the Corporation,which he supposed would be a question ; for them to a,k the Council's e.msideradon of, and also how the subscriptions which would be voluntary were to be collected.

The TOWN GLEE( read a letter of apology for non- attendance from the Depui4-11ayor (Alderman Ruberts) who expr:-ssed his willingness to assist in the carrying out of any suggestions which might be approved by the mettmg. _

At the request of the Mayor,the Town Clerk informed the meeting ef what steps were being taken for the celebrations in other towns. He also reported that the followMg, suggestions had already been laid b .fore the Parliamentary Committee : —(1) The presenta ion of an illuminated address to the King ; (2) a public procession in which the Friendly Societies and the Trades and Labour Council and others be asked to ci-operate on the day of the coronation; (3) a procession of children to take place on the following day ; (4) a treat to the aged veer ; (5) a treat to the children ; (6) that commemoration medals be struck . .

(7) that 'ail Public buildings in the t )wn be decorated and illuminated ; (8) that N public dinner be held ; (9) that a statue of her late Majesty be obtained ; (10) that scholarship bs formed in the technical schuols for elementary sch dare Mr ASHCROFT asked if it would not be advisable for

===== 0002601_19020314_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
:he Town Council to take up .the matter .first.

The MAYOR said the Council were anxious to consult the wishes of the townspeople before taking any steos. I No doubt the Council would rise to the occasion and if the townspeople wished them to vote a sum of money for the festivities they would do so. The Tome CLERK said the suggestions with regard to the treat for the aged poor and a miblic dinner had been deferred for the present. The meeting unanimously approved of the proposal to present an illuminated address to the King. The second suggestion was then considered. Mr J. Emsusi said that as chairman of a very influen- tial committee of the Friendly Societies, he was deputed to attend the meeting and say they were quite in accord with the suggestion to held a united procession on the day of the Coronation. The committee repre- sented owe 5.000 members who would very probably t ace part in the procession. Mr F STOTT (secretary of the Trades and Labour Council) said that organization had not discussed the matter as they bad not held a monthly meeting since the subject was introduced. Eti, could not say definitely what the Council wculd do. Toe majority of the men connected with it were also members of the Friendly Societies and he was afraid that if the Friendly Societies ce-operated, the Trades Council would make a very poor show. The Council represented nearly 2,000 workmen and if they could get all the members of the Ciliated societies to join in the procession he thought the Friendly Societies would have to work hard to exceed their number. (Laughter). The MAYOR suggested that a joint committee of the Friendly Societies and Trades Council might be formed and consider the matter with advantage. Mr STOTT said he would bring the suggestion before the Council. The meeting decided to approve of the suggestion to hold a Friendly Societies and Trades procession on th day of the Coronation, and also a children's proces skin and treat on the following day. The Mayor said they would all wish the children to enjoy themselves and no doubt they would be very glad to find funds for a treat. With regard to the commemoration medals the MAYOR said it seemed a very small thing to present each chili with a medal, but it would cost somethme like £l5O. Mr CRAM said that on the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee the medals were presented by each school. The TOWN CLERK thought the Corporation had a special die struck. Mr BURGESS : That medal was not given to all the children in the town. It was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Committee. who would act as funds permitted. The Town Curnic said that on the occasion of the Jubilee in 1887, £739 14s id was received in subselp- dons, and at the Diamond Jubilee £754 was received. In referring no the suggestion regarding the docora Vow' and illuminations, the Town CLERK said the Par liamentary Committee suggested that the Town Hall Walker Fountain, ;Park Gates, Technical Schools Queen's Gardens, new Police Station. Museum, &hoc) of Art and the front of the Market Hall should be decora ted and illuminated. That might be done out of th rates and not chaTed upon the funds. 'I he MAYOR said they would all desire the town to put on its best face and the decorations Ste should certainly be managed. Mr PENDLEBUIIY asked whether the Electricity Com- mittee would be prepared to allow special rates for private consumers who wished to illuminate their premises. It would be rather costly if they had to pay the ordinary sixpence per unit. Alderman Menges, Chairman of the Electricity Com- mittee, said the matter had been mentioned at a meet- ing of thsPParliamentary Committee and it was thought desirable that a fixed sum should be arranged for each evening according to the numbrr of lights required. Mei e had been no opportunity of calling a meeting of the Kectricity Commi'itee to consider the matter but he had no doubt that the committee would favour the proposal. The TowN CLERK said that the gas for the illuminations would be supplied at the rate of Is 1.1 per 1,000 feet. The suggestion was approved. The MAYOR said that if they had funds to meet the requirements of a permanent memorial such a memorial he felt sure, would be evr-mely desirable. It might be said that they had to "cut their coat according to their cloth " and be quite agreed with that, but still he thought they should have in ttn-Ir minds that a perman- ent memorial should be erected, so as to encourage people to subscribe and do something that would be an embellishment to the town. With regard to the sug- gestion that the memorial should be to the memory of the late Queen he said they all felt the deepest respect for her late Ma esty and the memorial would be ex- tremely acceptable. In reply to Mr G Wallington the Tows CLERK said he did not think they could get a statue worthy rif our late Queen and of the town for less than £l,OOO. Mr C WHITE suggested that a bust of the King should be placed in that room. The Rev E C E CARLETON did not think that on such an occasion the idea of a memorial suggested itself, Coronation gave the idea of general festivities and he thought there were so many other Occasions when the matter might be considered that thee could allow it to stand over.

AROE STOCK OF MANDOLINES, _.ANJOES, 1--4 GUITARS, VIOLINS, &C. Special Offer.—Guaranteed ITALIAN MANDOLINII, MAKER'S name inside. Rose- wood, ornamented ; 10s. 6d. Oarulage paid. Beet ef MOUTH ORGAN. Velvet lined Cave Is. post free, A.RCHIZR AND SONS. ET. (3 RORD ES' CUESCRNT. TOP OF LORD-STREET. 1 npooL. Established 1848

The matter was left in the hands of the committse. In reply to Mr G Wallington, Alderman MONKS said the suggestions already mentioned would have the pre- ference, but if sufficient funds came in the committee did not intend to neglect a treat to the aged poor. The TOWN CLERK : That wodd apply to the sugges- tion with regard to the public ditmer. Mr GEORGE WALLINGTON thought eve rybody would be disappointed it the aged poor did not have a treat. The Tows CLERK; Oa what day would you give it? Mr GEORGE WALLINGTON . Any day WOUld Snit them. Alderman MONKS said if sufficient funds came in the Committee intended to give this tile, to the poor. The RECTOR a9ked whether it was possible to have a firework display ? _ _ _

, The Crum:vas said that matter had been considered by the Parliamentary Committee, but t'aere were one or two objections to it. It was thought It might lead to crowding and probably d,slruction of property at the park. Mr BURGESS asked if that was borne out by previous displays or fireworks.

the-MAY m said considerab'e damage was done in the Park.

Mr F PENDLEIIVELY asked if it would be possible to have the display in Victoria Park ? Toe TOWN CLERK said he thought the people would prefer to stay in town and see the illumiaatiobs rather than go to Latchford. Rev FATHER WILSON alluded to the suggestion that scholarships be tcm.ned in the Technical Schools for elementary scholars. He thought it one cf the best. that had been made.

The MAYOR :If the meeting thinks it desirable to say that a portion of the money must be devoted to that purpose it is open for it to say so. Alderman MONKS, in answt.r to an inquiry ss to what the scholarship would amount to, sd he thought a sovereign each scholarship would be sufficieur. It would' pay the fees of those children who wished to continue their studies at the Tacnnirial Institute.

The Rev E R TAR/KICK to )k it that he scholarship of a sovereien would be an annual one. It would require about £35 in order to found a scholarship for one student.

The MAYOR stated that the next business was to ap- point a general committee. The Parliamentary Committee of the Corporation who bad acted up to the present consisted of the Mayor, Aldermen Bolton. Faireough, Francomb, Shaw Green, Heaton, Monks, Roberts and Sutton, Councillors Bennett, Greening, A J Jolley, and Fierpoint. After discussion it was decided that the following should be added to the committee : —Mr R P;erpoint, M.P., The Rector, the Rev Father Wilson and the Rev John Yonge (representing the clergy) : Messrs John Enason, David Houghton, George Maybury arid T S Steel (representing the Friendly Societies) ; two members of the Trades and Labour Council to be elected by that body ; Mr C E Parker (representing the Chamber of Commerce) ; Coun-illor John Roberts ; Messrs John Elwin Richardson and E Kay (to represent the shopkeepers.) On the proposition of Mr G WALLINGTON it Wa9 decided to open a public subscription . .

_ Alderman SHAW GREEN said it- would be remembered that on the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee celebra tions the Town C mncil voted a certain sued to the Mayor towards the extra expenses. The Mayor spent that sum and a good deal more. He would like to take the opinion of toe meeting as to whether they would be agreeable to a sum being voted to the present Mayor for the Coronation colebrations. The auggeAion met with unanimous approval. The RECTOR moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding. Mr GEORGE THOMP;ON in seconding, hoped ttie meet- ing would give the Mayoress an extra clap of the bandit for 13., r presence that evening. , The res•,llution was carried with acdlamation, ! The Mayon, in responding, said the Mayoress took quite as much pleasure as he did in all municipal affairS ! and anything which would promote the enjoyment, acl.• vantage or pleasure of the townspeople. (Hear, hear).

Lymm and .the Coronation.

A. meeting convened by the Urban District Conncil was held in the:Parochial Schools, pepper' street, on Tuesday night, to consider what form the .local commemoration of the Coronation should take. Mr W A Dewhurst, chairman of the council, presided.—The Chairman said the District Council felt it wa, quive time that the first steps were taken to arrange their procedure for the Coro- nation Day. He asked the ratepayers to help theca both practically and financially, because as theY perhaps were aware, at the present time they had no power to spend any money from the rates fa any purpose of that kind.—On the suggestion of Mr Kidson, seconded by the Rev G B Thurston, it ws9 decided to form a preliminary committee consisting of the members of the District Council and three representatives from each of the four wards, with Mr Dewhurst as chairman, to make:inquiries and t° report to a further meeting of the ratepayers.—Mr Mullard and Mr Moffat were appointed joint secre- taries, and Mr W A Lewhurst Mon treasurer.—All Eidson suggested the establishment of a swimming bath, to commemorate the Coronation. (Hear,hear.) He thought they ought to have something of a use' ful character, and not merely a memorial such as monument.—The Rev F C Bozman seconded Oa! proposition. He said there was a suitable piece 01 ground for a bath between the New Hall and tbe Conservative Club. A swimming bath would be educational to the youths of the district, and it was very important they should learn to swim."' Mr Watkin thought a public play ground for the poor children would be a suitable memorial. (Heat; hear.) A play ground would keep the children the streets.—The Rev & B Thurston seconded tbe proposition, and said there was a suitable field abutting between Statham and Newfield, belon¢ing to Mr Fairclough. if it could be purchased or rent- ed.—lt was decided to hold a meeting of. the committee on the 18th inst.

• . ' '-` CURES LIKE LIGHTNING - •ENUSLICHTNir . . . COUCH CURE SELLS LIKE LIGHTNING AN EMINENT SPECIALIST FORMULATED IT. A RELIABLE FIRM MANUFACTURES 17. MEDICAL MEN ENDORSE IT. AND THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE OWE THEIR LIVES TO IT. . Esteemed everywhere for its rare virtue ana • speedy aElion. compo=cd of ingredients never before used in Great Britain. Far superior to ordinary couch mixtures, or any of the emulFacins . for Coughs, Bronchitis, Asthma, Influenza. and Whooping Cough. . RoNcHiTis ANDASTHMA V E N O'S LIGHTNMI:.'.. COUGH CURE. It permanently cures by removing the .. Icause; clears the bronchial tubes, stops the cough, gives porfeet ea.,e in breathing, and strengthens the lungs. The proprietors will gladly refer anyone to cured patients in Mario chester, Leeds. Bradford, Hull, Cardiff, Wolverhampton, Wrexham, Bolton, Sheffield. Newcastle, Shields, and other places, who had been given up by cloacrs. STOPPED IN ONE NICHT. A Boy CURED. ' 11irs. Hague, Rashcliffe.crescent, Loc'gwoo& near litaider,:ficld, writes, April 7th, r9co•-i ' .• Dear Sir,—My boy aged so years, suife" • fromhoarsenessandßronchitis for siK wceiis' We all thought he would never be cured of„ speak plain again. We could notunderstal him at all. After taking four or five dose; F`, Veno's Lightning Cough Cure he was able speak plain. I have never seen anything al so quickly. I have had leer bcati.;s :IP gether, and he is quite cured." INFLUENZA

SUBDUED IN 24 HOURS. In no single instance has Veno's Light' Cough Cure failed to subdue Influenza hours. During the epidemic which raged throughou' North America in 1897, it reduced the death-rate r, such an extent that Physicians never hesitatcdço. prescribe it. It is also an excellent remcdy Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, and Whooe'r'' Cough, being far superior to the many ccranic • cheap, syrupy mixtures so often sold. ASK FOR— VEINICO'S LIGN'TN • couam cluvem and see you 4 • Price if ti and eig of all Chemists and Medi Vendors. A WldnfiNk—There are no many common, cheap row' palmed off upon the public, that a warning is nrines;al Imist upon ha.. ing

I 0 ic gee, licicv

ttl?'o

- • a - - . = - - - -

===== 0002601_19020314_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

FEBRUARY. FROM . WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40,' 8 28, 10 20, 12 5, 15, 55 20, 5 35,7 2U. Sundays 10,15 a.m. Altar and I{lllhouss -7 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,a 4 0, 6 15, a 7 1585 a 925. Sundays 931.2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & 10.-W.) a 2 58. 3 23, 7 10, 9,45 11 57 7852 5, 5 20, 7 20. 1134. Sundays 2 53, 10 16, 45,11 35 ablondays excepted. bllendaya only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 30,9 58,11 55,12 55,3 7,5 22 9 55,11 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 429.5 15 p.m Blackburn -545,835, 956, 11 42. if 15, 4 50, 6 26,8 50. Sundays 843, a 3 35,6 On via Preston 52 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 9 56, 11 42, al 15, 3 50, 4 50.6 28, 717, 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 843, 3356 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. ,1851 to- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 "7, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m. ,5 15, 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, S 45. 956 11 42. a). 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays 38,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays 05este:-.7 37, 8 17,9 5,10 23, 1131.12 30 1 40.2 15, 2.23 319, 4 22,5 7$ 4.7 44,10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,45, 1 1 35, Collins Green-7 5. 85, 835. 10 10,127, 2 35, 3 40, 5 15, 38,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-,-.2 58,53 23, 7 10, 8 28. 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5.2 5 6 29,720. 1133. Sundays 258. 10 154 5.1135. allondays excepted. 63(londay5 only. Caresbury-7 37, 95, 1225, 220. 3 15, 57. 64, 744, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, am. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5.51,7 0 8 46,9 53,11 55,12 55, 3 7, 4 17 6 22,6 55,11 52. Sundays all 15 am,a 420 ,515 p.m as spot When required Barlestown-5 45, 75, 8 5,3 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 13,1055, 11 55 127, 115.2 35,3 403 50, 5 15, .5 33,5 " 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 'l°l'lso-3,1 43 6 35,8 43,a.m.5 106 0,7 57,9 54 p.m Fiddler's Ferry & I'enketh-7 30. 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 55 a 29 515, 6 17, 7 41., 9 43. Sdudays 9 5. 2 40. 3 0. Frodsham-7 37. 95 10 23. 12 25. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22, 5 7, 6 4 745 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Harston (Cheshire Lines)-7 15. 757. 031,9 5. 10 512 0 8.2 10. 40 529 75. 651. 595. dlO 25.11 39 Sunday 85, 11 22, 39. 7 JO, 9 13, 10 13. dSaturdays only ,esaturaays excepted. Glasgow-5 20.9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 450 9 55. Sundays 957 a leaves 213 on Saturday. Golborne-5 45. 7 5,8 55, 1055. 11 55, 1 15, 3 50, 5 15 7 14 85. Sunda s 8 43.6 0. Hough Green-7 12, 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 105. 12 0, 15 2 10,4 0.5 296 15,7 5, 715,8 0,9 25,1 9 40,a10 35, Sunday 9 0, 9,31,11 22,2 39, 915. aSaturdays onlybSaturdays excepted Irlara and Cidishesd (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 915 Sundays 8 45,10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 935. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20,7 22. 80, 8 35, 90, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13, 58, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays 8 50, 38. 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 I.a 5 256. 75, 85, 23 9 25,10 55, 127 2,35 340 5 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35. 5, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From High Level Plattorm. aXlondays excepted. b3don3ays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 30, 825, 10 9 11 53, 155, 320,5 15, 6 17,7 41, 9 13. Sundays 9 5, 2 40, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 757, 95, 1026. 120. 113, 210. 3 18, 40. n 55, 85, 9 11, 10 31,11 20 11 39. sun6ays4 30, 5 30, 9 J, 9 55.11 22.2 20,2 39, 710, 328, 9 13 10 18, 10 20, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past the hour. London (L. & N. W.)-2 581, a 3 23, 7 10. 828. 9 45,10 20, 1157, 1 5,2 0. 5 20, 11 34. . undays 2 58.10 15.45,11 35, b/dondays excepted. alkloiadave, only. London (051idland)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37.12 55, 3 14a, 5 22, 55, 511 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays 151 Y. Mondays accepted. 141nrn (From Arpley Station.)-6 20. 7 22.8 0.8 35, 9 0.955 10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 23, 3 33, 4 11. 5 18. 613, 78. a 7 45. 927 Suuclays 850. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Hanchester (L. & N.-W.) b 45. 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 19, 9 25,10 4,,10 55,12 18.2 29,2 35, 33?. 4 26 5 32. 64 3 17, 8 8,9 20, 10 3.). Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 49, 843 5 15, 60, „ .1 From High Level Platform. hialichester (From Arpley Station)- 6 17? 22, 7 57, 832 90, 9 58, 1049, 1 14, 3 38, 411. 623. 78. 927, 11 40. tuada;o, 8 50, 3 S. 812,11 42 . I,lslanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, 98,9 55 7'4,55 11 23,11 55, 1255. 1 55,2 55. 3 55, 4 55.5 23 5 53, 6 55, ki 4.7 55, 613, 8 55,9 12, 955, alO 2, all 15, 511 49, all 59 t 45, 9 37. 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18,8 659 25 935 ,qlaos a Saturdays only, sSaturdays excepted. a/fddlewich-7 40,10 2). 2 65. 535.7 20. No Sunday trains ktecre-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,255,5 35. 7 20. Sundays 10 15 4,14, _

83 10. 5 45.7 5.8 5, g 35.a9 19, 10 20 , 40, 13 55 11 53, 127,12 18,1 15. 2 59, 3 30. 3 50, 4 26, 4 15. 210, 6 43,1 17 9 20.9 55,10 30. Sundays 3 15, 740. 843 a e,„ 6 03 57 9 54a via Kenyon b Holidays excepted 6 Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 10 35,11 23, 12 20, 1 40,3 55 28'7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sundays 8 45, 10 14. 7 44, 5 15. 935 4 Pre9too-5 20, 5 45. 8 35,9 55, 11 42, 11 55. bl 15, 3 50 954659 26 717, 850, 940 a 9 55. Sundays 8 43, 335 60. btenves. at 210 on Saturdays. aSaturdays only. .:11v.corn-7 30, 825, 945, 109, 1 55, 3 20. 515, 6 17, 7 41, l'ankeY ((or Penketh)-7 15, 7 56. 95. 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 91(3).2 58, 40, 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 8 5, 9 25, a 940 810 25. Sundays ' 11 22, 2 39,8 95, 9 18 aSatordays excepted bSaturdays only, C.Soldave only. (C.L.C.) 1 thaftield (I\fid.s.ud) via Chinley and fore Line-3 46 10 55 42 55,3 13,4 17, 6 55. Sundays 9 37 a m 5 15,a Pueidaya Thursdays only. 41.8,t Helens:- 7 5, 85. 8 25. 1( .0:10 55, all 63. 12 7 8-Z9: 2 35 3 40, 615, 633, 7 8,7 40. 925, 10 30 Sundays .4 43 all 5, 2 40. 6 ,g 540 a via Widaei 3 3Southoors (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, A 31. 4.19 00. 11 2, 125 4' O. 533 6 15,7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 355, a turday only. 3 Pelwall-6-15, 7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.123, ~°. 4 11, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45,9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. 's,„aturdays only. From A.rpley Station. ~716nes (Cheshire Lines)-758, 95 155. 115, 120, 15, 58, 40, 529, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 925, a 8 40, 810 23. San.- os-11;: 0.931, 238, 9 18, 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays vriWidnes (L. andN.-W-) -7 30, 825, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, ._•'-v! 5 15,6 17, 7 45, 948. Sundays, 95, 2 41, 80. wigan- 520, 545, 75, 83s, 9 56, 10 55,11 50, 115. a?. 10 4 59, 3 50,4 50,5 20. 825.7 17.8 50.9 43,9 18 Sundtys, 8 43, 3 3,5, 60. 95;. 43aturciays only •

TO WABRINGTON FROM. Acton Bri3ge-6 30, 7 40. 852. 10 57, 12 0, 335, 4 45, 7 20 8 3.; Sundays 7 65, a in 4 42 p m. &hoar and Hill house-11 24, 12 44. 2 12. 42, 4 13, 5 56, 8 24, alo 17, Sundays 920, 2 21, 8 22. aSaturdays ixeepted . Birnshigham (L. & N. .W.)-3 10,550 720 k le, \l2 25. 2 35 a 4 40 5 50,7 25.9unday5 3 10. 1240, 7 0. aThursdays only Birmingham (Blidiand)-6 5, 7 42, 8 60 11 48, 2 23, 0 45,7 15,10 34 11 25, Sunday 4 15, am4o. 11 25 p.m. Blackburn-8 30.10 43, 1230,1 55, 347, 750 a,9 5, 6110 16, thumals. 8 0,a2 2. 540, a 9 13. a via f rosi,oti ..• lackpeol (Talbot Road) -85, 8 45. 955, 10 40. 11 40 140 • IF'. 5 23 7 0,100. Sundays? 2135 512, 7 37. „ alacknool (Central) -7 25, 8 25.8 57.19 0.10 29.11 25, 1 5 11,',4 55.4 53 6 50, a 8 15. Sundays? 10. 115,4 57,8 25. a leave, ..44,.. D 0 cri osturdays 1 ... olton --6 55, 640 7 55, 835. 9 10, 10 25. 12 19. 2 5, 4 15 'D 19,5 55, 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 815 a.m., 85, 925 pan a Saturdays onl, ..Carlisle:-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 1 40, 4 22, 6 55, • 42.8undays 12 5 a.m., 2 0, 8 41.41N0a ikV% evceptod. .„, Oheater-7 25.8 45. 9 40. 10 12, 10 40, 11 .40 65. 2 10, 3 0 •,, 50,5 10,5 15, 6 35, 735,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,400. ti 30,6 55 sikilins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42. 10 24. 11 23, 1 38. 5,4, 1. 5 38, 623, 6 33,7 47, 9 6, 10 46. Sunday 7 io.p.m. 1 RDrevre-4 45, 60 6 30.8 13.9 20, 1116,11 39, 2 25, 3I 5 415 S, „,45 640 85. 9'o Sandal's 4 .15, 7 10. 2454 10 920 '... ..s uaresbu'rv-13 16, 1017. 11 18., 2 52, 5 53. 8 43. Sundays k. ' 41. a.m. '2 45 p.m. Derbv- 8 12. 9 35, 10 7,1 12, 3 32,4 0,4 47, 7 5 8 23 7,9 35, .. SundaYs 1 25. 7 30, 6 22. 685, afixoept 61ondays. i lisalestovrn-6 58, 7 13. 846. 9 15, 946. 10 26, 1 :2,42 1 42, G '.3. 314. 515, 5 52, 639 7 33, 8 8 0 20i1038 ".‘4 o.kundays 8 33.9 52,9 57,10 0.3 43.7 24a Eisturday. only. 5 Piddlm's Ferry & Penketh-7 12. 95. 9 43, 12 3, 2 9, 327 .6 2,6 54, 9 14. Sundays 81,2.2 57. h 2. Prodsham-7 55 91.10 1, 111, 2 31. 4 11, 536. 657, 831 S•adays 6 86,a.m. 7 20 p.m. i Garston (Cheshir me.)-?28, 7 84, 90. 9 80,10 12 12 0 ;2 ,56 2 11. 3 2. 4 49. 56. 558, 6 51, 724 9 1 stm,hys - ",° 10, 2 ao, 3 9,4 40, 6 51. 854 4 -`agßoss-le 0.2 0,2 1, 5 65. 9 5,10 45 Stusdays 5 60, 9 5.0 m „ ix.. olborne,__B 44. 8 26.10 12, 12 28 2.41, 433 30 712 I ,'ziC) 42 Sunday. g 40. 75. ' 3 .:4‘1211 Ireen-7 45. 8 10. 99,10 3, 1055. 1.9 130 8 ;18 .6. 5 21, 67 7 11,7 N. 9 15. Sundays 823.9 20, 323 454, 3 4 910. 6 Idam and Cadishead (Oentral)-7 35 9 53,4 59.:8 50, 11 23 undaYs 10 59. 6 53. 8 50. 10 0.1. , Latchford 814 8 .40 9 29,10 2 11. 18, 1 kl. al 49. 211 g ,01. 55,422, b 5 41. 67, 6 49,7 34,9 49. V. Sundays 823 • 03,7 23. aSaturdays only. bliaturci.iys excepted, 1. Liverpool (via Rarlestovra)-a2 3 '5. O 0.7 50. ' 8 0. 8 35.9 26 0.50,1 6. 1 30, 30, 4 50, 5 35, 78,8 25. 11 15. Sunday 7 4 30,9 20. 6 30, a ilondays only. 83aturday5 only. Via whines (L. & N.W.)-6 25, 820, 9 5, 9 50, 12 25. 1 25 235.3 35 4 20, 5 20,6 5,8 33, alo 46, Sundays 735, 2 0.7 15 10.45. esSaturdays only Liverpool (Cheshlro.Lines) -6.20, 7 10. 7 49,8 20, 8 30. 39 9 35 10 30,11 15,11 20,11 '47. 11 50 12 30. 5' Z 30. 2433 50 4 7'ol 455 530,538, 6 35.7 30, 830, 4,11 30 SUna" 7 50. 90, 2 ;30.2 58 420 6 AO, 8 a 9.8 35 ~ London (1. & N ••)-6 15 7 ie. 10 25 12 15, 2 154 0 0120 Sundnye 10 0, 5 30, 12 0. tondon(midiand)-515., 0.0.2.0 5.12 30.1 o_4 0. 5 D.

15 1Z 15. theneays 515 12 O. aeTcept !deadeye. Lymm.....8 7. g 32,9 14, 95. IA 8, 111, i 137, 25. 250 s 14.65 33,5 19.641, 7 26. 9 33,11 19. Sunda 15.2 25 715 'turdays suly Naturdsys exeeetea. izZaianchester (L & /4 .- W.)-7 461 66' 8 P. 9 b P 40 10 45 35, 2 40, 3 45.4 20. 60.75, 2 O. 80, JO 49 75 Llaleys, gO, 8 30, :g 2, 60. ls chester reari ndon-roac )- 7 20,751,9 25, 10 35. ps 3 s, (Lo lO 45 5,.40,54 5a g ,:.3 40, 855. 520, 85,8 59, 855. 3'a 7 .1 1 40 VA . bSatardays excepted. eSaturl - 7 20. 8 39, „9 5, „ .tanehester (Cheshire Linea)-6 4 .73. 2. 3r, 4. 30 103, 10 35, 11 30,12 30. /2be 1 , 11 I. e. 9%30. 630, 638, 730 8 Ai, 8 35,11 °.930 'O4O 1 d's 20e 5.8 358 30,9 46. a ~areeys only 110_ IeWICh-5 48,2 39 66 m.,,:rs-856.96, :1 9,12 14,3 47,5 0.7 33.4i,nd wire 8119. 4 b 8 43 7 -"ton 6 55• 7 26• 842 98.9 40 158 a ' 79, le 9,10 ll 8,1, , ej. 48 510535 5 49 6 21, 7 zo.t 0,9 15; 96511 4, 1 s 3 40,7 20 1 5' eJetardays only ,Sundays 8 33. 9 49,10 0, BR go rll'eV-7 58, 8 28 9 37, 10 20. 11 24. 12 36, 140 le 4..3, e 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 726. 86 e 831 s 07. 57, 9 28. 13,2tn•08-8 25, 1 15, 155, 6,55, a 3 55. Sundays, 6106 10 st'rils:ea only. elll a 620 6 55, 80. 8 23, 9 0,1; 17 ii 21,3 25 45, 60 4 °- 25,6 19, 6 55, 7 is. 350 IJ oJ Saal,y7 50, ‘,66• 9 5. tijerl, Dort,-8 5, 10 10,11 5,12 25. 1 55, 2 50, 3 55, 5 337 0 O. Sundays, 90, 2 0,8 0, 2.5 rssal-8 10, 8 36, 918, 9 58. 1112. 115. al 41, 29, 2,66 ST 6 3. 6 45, 7 D. 9 37, 11 23 Sualays, 8 19, 19. aSaturlava only, b3aturdiya erceuted. P 3, 8 15,9 26, 9 q 3, 10 0, 11 22, 12 15, 1 45,2 30 98, 5 20. 7 5, 90, 10 30. hzt'rh. TueSday, Under-Sheriff of Hull (Alderman Arthur Rollit) AZXed the 25th Ditr,•,l3, far the execution of Rioharthon, who was sentenced to death at r. feet week for the murder of his auut, Mrs Behden, ROO i„ •ggen-str-et, Hull, The execution will take place it, _Mt Prison on the Hedon-road. The last execution took place in 1712, the victim being convicted of 4".11,1 • Hull C3nvi^tyllaVe since that time beea executed uric or Leeds:

The Cost of Pauper Lunatics. At the Lancaster Board of Guar diens meeting on Saturday, a circular letter was received from Mr .1. P Muspratt, clerk of the Asylums Board,intimating that on and after April Ist the charge for mainten- ance of pauper lunatics would be increased from 9s4d per week to 9s 11d. The Chairman (Mr B B Dawson) said when the county council was established pauper lunatics were maintained in the Lancaster Asylum at 7s 7d per week. They were of the opinion at the time that the joining of the asylums for ad- ministrative purposesfrould wind up the cost at Lancaster. In the south of the county they did not care what they spent, and the South Lancashire members now dominated the Asylums BOard. A Warripgton Patent Dispute. Mr Justice Buckley had before him Vast week, in the Chancery Division, a petition by Joseph Crosfield and Sons. Limited, of Bank Quay Works, Warrington,and another for the revocation of letters patent granted to Ernest George Scott in 1897 for improvements in the concentration and distillation of glycerine. Mr ncott, who was for many years consulting chemist and engineer to Messrs Lever Bros, the well-known soap manufacturers, invent- ed long before the date of the patent now in ques- tion, the process for the distillation of glycerine, which was now used by 90 per cent of the glycerine manufacturers in this country. By that process three per cent at least of the glycerine was always Wasted. Mr Scott's patent of 1897 waS for the introduction of a second condenser, by means of which be got practically the whole of the gly- cerine. The petitioners alleged the invention was , in use at their works at the date of the patent, and they had obtained the idea from drawings of Studer, the second petitioner, made in 1895. They also alleged that Mr Ecott had :obtained his idea from their works, to which he had access, and that the invention was insufficient.—Mr Lewis Fdiuunds, appeared for the peti- tKio.enerasil, and Mr DMarviW aa Walton and Mr Gray for the respondent.—Mr Scott was called in support of his patent, and denied that he obtained the idea for his invention from designs made in 1895 in the Petitioners' Possession, or that from the autumn of 1894 until 1896 he saw any of Crosfield's refining or concentration plant.—Ris Lordship found that neither the process used nor the result obtained by the petitioners was the same as that of the respondent's patent, and dismissed the petition with costs.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. NORBURY WILLIAMS AND THE" EXAMINER."

A Withdrawal of Insinuations Made at Blackpool.

In the course of his speech at Parr Hall on Thurs• day last week. Mr Norbury Williams made two references to the comments he had passed on the Warrington press at a Blackpool meeting. His , withdrawal was in response to a letter from the editor or this paper and his remarks were as fol- low: I Ant to say something about what I said in Blackpool about your newspapers here. I want to set myself right on that point. gave an indication in Blackpool that in my:judgment a couple of your newspapers here were under the control of mem- bers of the Council. Now I have been informed it is not 60. I have had a letter from the editor of one of these papers in which he says it is not at all correct. I absolutely accept that gentleman's I word and I am delighted to hear it. I was mistaken in believing it—a quite natural belief I think—for the paper has been hammer and tongs against us in Warrington here, but I absolutely accept the gentleman's statement he has made in writing that there is no correctness in the suggestion that his 1 paper is under the control of any gentlemen in the 1 Corporation. So I accept it that no paper in War- 1 rington is under municipal control. I wanted to 1 say that in justice to myself but chiefly in justice 1 to this newspaper. Later Mr Norbury Williams said : I have been handed a letter from a gentleman in the audience connected with the local paper called the " Ex- aminer." He seems to think it is not quite plain that I have referred to his paper and said it is not controlled by anyone in the Council. I thought I said that. I thought it applied to every paper in 1 Warrington. If the gentleman from 0 the Exam- iner" wants me to say it more explicitly I say I 1 accept his word, the "Observer's" word, and the Guardian's" word and the word of anyone else who has got a paper in Warrington that they are in no way controlled by anyone in the Council. I am very pleased and I congratulate Warrington on having a press which is in no way connected with the Council.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A BAD LEG

With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. per”.ws surrounded with inflammation and:swMem,that when You press xeur ffnger on the ratlsancoPpert it leaves the impression? If so, muter the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if vot mdtaeted, you never can recover; hut go on suffering tllt deisti releases you. Perhaps your knees'are swollen, the 30intelasingskgrted;thesame Afillf she ankles. round witch the stet may be dia. coloured, wr thee may be veouuds; the disease. if allowed,to conthme, Ngfil cieprite you of the Potter to walk. X91.12135Y hove atendetfrious hosyitstaand Ladififdieal advic 0.42111)cOlt . yOdieMP43IICW.eBB. or 041(104 to sant' atoll. unlit lOU bluffaft for t van.cure vna.. 1 -VaY nerlio:na. but I . CRtnet others live fail.. $t ..910,,,en rsh 0,,, ~,,,,, Jr &rata . • Yetrfs.gd. to It. bAyER.M3J Partin gdprr-stre4 en..and yeu oirgydbor of clrit.g.t.opper Ago I Old-Lk*, eh Wilrosul• rernersrxorav e.Arre . ad fags. If ousengt . nee,! =rafed Samax.,%, . ocies, Pr shoed Hand:pit aaW, 'wag, inegiateredCopyrigb. _ .

u•ht.i

youß ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examin.r. places it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to the Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make Ton etf-er an:.,vin among them, at a very small cog.

AGFNTS : J. AD A, SAVAGh 64 CHURCH ST. RUN:

===== 0002601_19020314_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S WATCHES

AND ENGAGEMENT RINGS.

THE BEST VALUE AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES. */

or Sapphire and Brilliants, ^,15.

Brilliants, £lO.

rear) toise.

The Ladies' Presentation Watch and Chain, Rubies, In Case complete, £.7 . 10s. £1 . 12s. Silver English Levers, London Made, from. Rubies & Brilliants, £.3 . 10s. £2 . 14s.

WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our rick, to all parte of the World for P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O. OLD WATCHES and JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE

BENSON'S BOOK of Watches from £2 to £509. <ir,ons. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS, " IBIPERLAL " and SzavEn PLATE and CUTLERY, &O. Sent Post Free. J VLBENSON,

Ltd.,

Stearn Factory, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON,. isitsTE.—Order Form and full particulars of "The Times" system of purcha3o Post Free.

_..... -- . - ~ , ..„..' p,e, ...), ,f,-----:- ,41_„:„1„,„„,„_.,_,,:_.__\Af./.4.----,4 -%,:,; , • A` • ga4,l A. ril'•- ''; ' j " ,st -,,,rith' et,' / 3 A," '\ ' r f"-1/21).1. . 1 Rubies , apphires &Brilliant% , t ,„.c, /. ttt. k , - k,...„7....m... tl7:, , ri r- N. * ~ - -I , ) _.r....-- ...--- r , ~,, - ,-,----------2•-t- - --- - , • . ' ' ' A ' r • . .7"-i; ' ', A.--N 7 ~%i -;,'-,,, ~ _ ~...-N.. ,' : T ,1:,,\, t -V( s.•,-,r Brilliants 3: Rubies. .0 ' r\l ;......, •i l: ), e ~ ' 7,' f \..),, ~g ,1 i 111 '!. . , , : %-•-) ''\lC. .1,- ,ii, v L,-.., 4, "''"'ll•MlMl"'7, ::' ( /,.. ..\ ';-'/, 1" 0 .- .4' rl I.'oi, .•„.. Brilliants & Sapphires, ii , sL) 1".. \„ ~*:7-4 ~,, ~ 26 . 65. 1 1i) • -, - ''',---11_711- ,-' • - . !,, .1, ), , ril 1„,.., -,. --.- f \ „...... ‘,..... Olt, - ..■IIIIIIIIIIIIMII.P- -A II '..41.04..A. '',0,11( rr f , 13 rill', -\-----s- - - -,...--,--4.../ .. , „ ---- , .. p, , -,..,„,..--,.. , . , , ....... ...-... -- Brilliant, 24 . 10a. ,-- --;.;--------z----il=i--- ' _ - ~. ' ..- _.,.,__s ••••• • - - Brilliant & -

2:

applaire (Si Brilliants; 26 Turqu £1

===== 0002601_19020314_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTI-1 A GUINEA A COX.

, -;\ 'IA•.):. ~'''' f 7 ,;';', ,'?",.:: 9.' 1 .. ... "0 ..,-, .„ A , ‘ 7.zkP ..".. -. ' l• rp t ~, 1 . ' g ,-t,.. iN...., Cp. • .tt , . A ,

FOR ALL

• BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St.- Helen, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full, directions. Sold everywhere.

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

wrm a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple for. Take some good Compound such az

COCKLk.;',S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and N., e find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE RO.I !MERCURY.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
coc, *4l

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENT& iztar BILE, LIVER, ACID

TY., INDIGESTION, &c.

C OA TRAIISPARENTr'

SPECIAL ;SMALL MTS.

The " fLd "FOR

- ..... . Cilroute, 011 Pm4tage, below Ify-, 641. ee tra.

nOTRALL AND HOCKEY SHIRTS.

All colours and I combination of colourS. Men's, 21 & 2 9 Boys' 3d. less. 6pecial designs quoted for. lannelet te— Plain colours. 1/11, 216 Halves rev emit 2/9 2 St 4 in. stripea,

Best Xi W0,,1, plain_rolours or Itadves

reversed, 313. PnAtave on sin,4le

Write for W.

ak,gu,

‘7.

‘•:.; 2:-.413NL..5..Gr

7:3-tY--7,000000 L.

SHIN CUARDS.

LATEST NEWS.

Foundering of a Steamer.

Heavy Loss of. Life.

Twenty-one Passengers Drowned.

NEW YORK, '.l')ErcusDAY.

lhe steamer Providence foundered near Alemphis yesterday. She was capsized in a heavy squall and foundered in forty feet of water. Only nine of those on board escaped. Twenty-one passengers were drowned.

6 , ;A: I.;- i•_ 4.. i 1,, ...11 5, sji 'O.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iffmatt2o

===== 0002601_19020314_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

War Medals for Ambulance Men. Nine war medals for members of the Warrington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade have been received from No. 4 district headquarters. They are for the following members of the corps —T Broornhall, G Buckley, J T Dimelow, El Galloway, IV Johnson, G Kelly, J Maddock, C J anseur, anct Ei T Arrangements are being made for a pubtio presentation of the medals, It will be remembered that Messrs Holloway and Newns, who were in South Africa with the Duke of Portland's contingent, received their medals from Lord Roberts at Welbeck Abbey.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of a Warrington Sergeant.

Sergeant J Croasdale,of the lst Manchester Regiment, recently died of enteric fever, while on active service in South Africa. Crcasdale vas a time-expired soldier when the war broke out, and was employed as parcel potter at Warrington Central Station. When the War Office authorities called for time-'xpired men, he en- listed for service at home, and afterwards volunteered for service abroad. His death is much regretted by all who knew him, and the large muster of railway men who attended • special service at St. Peter's Church en Sunday morning was a fitting testimony to the regard in which the late sergeant was held. A procession Was formed at the Central Station and headed by the C.L.C. hand marched to the church. The service was of a very interesting character, appropriate hymns being eung and the curate, Rev. Mr James, preached a thoughtful sermon on " Duty.' Mr Webster, was at the organ and very effectively played the Dead March in "Saul," the congregation meanwhile standing. After the service, the men marched back to the station headed by the band, which was under the direction of Mr T. Meredith.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Captain Crosfield's Departure for the Front.

Mounted Infantry: Companis " Send-off."

On Monday night Captain Gecrge R Crosfield left Warriegton for Aldershot to take command of a squad- ron of the and Imperial Yeomanry, which will shortly proceed to South Africa. It was fitting that the mem- bers of the Mounted Infantry Company of the local Volunteer Battalion, of which Captain Crosfield bee 'held command, should unite in according him a hearty "send-off," and with this object a " smoker" was held at the Patten Arms Hotel on Monday evening. Captain Crosfield's many good qualities, to say nothing of his previous record of ser- vice in South Africa, have won for him the hearty esteem and respect of every member of the company, and there was an exceedingly good muster to attend the " smoker." Coloer-Sergeant Connor presided. The (Aileen who attended with Captain Crosfield were Major Buckton. Captain Appleton, Captain Smith, Captain Dutton Fsirclough, and Lieutenatti Avery, Williamson, WilCoCks, and Potter. Amongst others present were Sergeant-Major Rawlinson, Sergeant-Instructors Ingram and Connor, Sergeants Buller:, Carter and Richardson, Farrier-Sergeant Ferguson and Sergeant Connor (trans- port section). A capital entertainment had been arranged, and all the items of a long programme were received with cordial appreciation. Those who gave their services were Messrs Kendrick, F Stringer, W H Ireland, L Aukland, H Mosley, F Fieldhouse, J Emson, and E Sanders, Lieutenant Avery,Lance-Corporal Dain- tith, and Privates Finch, Moores and Starkey. Mr Kendrick and Captain Smith accompanied. During a short interval in the proceedings a few speeches were made. Colour-Sergeant Connor said be had been deputed on behalf of the company to t(II Captain Crosfield how keenly they regretted his leaving them if even it was only tor a abort time. The presence on that occasion of so many mounted infantry men would tell him better than any words of his what was in their hearts. They wished him Godspeed and good luck, and asked him to come back and again be their captain. (Cheers.) Maj )r Buckton said that Captain Crosfield was going out for a second time and that meant a good deal. (Cheer.) Be believed that had it not been for his unfortunate illness they would not have seen him back until the war was over. His keenness for soldiering was such that nothing less than the positive commands of the doctor would have brought him home. • The men of Captain Crosfield's company in the Imperial Yeomanry were very lucky in having such a com- mander, and they of the Warrington battalion were very lucky in having had tim to form their company and command it until now. (Cl:rem) There was no better proof of the SUCCORS of his efforts than the ccrefuct of the company in camp latlt year. He watched them there,and while noting their efficiency and general good conduct. aiso came to the conclusion that Captain Crasfield was the right man in the right place. (Cheers.) Major Suckton then read the follow- ing letter from Colonel Ridgway :—" Colonel Ridgway is very sorry that a previous engagement will prevent him accepting the invitation to the smoking concert of the Mounted Infantry, as be wculd have very much wished to have assisted in a hearty farewell to Captain Crosfield, who had done so much for the interest and good feeling that has prevailed in the Mounted Infantry Company from its commencement. Colonel EidgwaY feels sure that in South Africa. Captain Crosfield will again show his mettle, and hopes that on his return he ' will again take up the duties of the company with ills • old comrades." (Cheers.) The health of Captain Crosfield was then heartily drunk. Captain CROSEIELD, who Was received with ereat en- tbaeissm and the singing of "For he's a jolly good

THE "HOLBORN"

FOOTBALL JERSEYS.

Plain . .

Colour3,

tin. or n in. stripe.

Carriage Pail

IrtiNT , 40 Wl' 1, , 30.

T.

fellow," thanked them very sincerely for the kind and hearty way in which they had drunk his health, and for the exceedingly kind and touching farewell they had given him. It was a great pleasure to him to come there and see all the faces he had got to know so well. Be could assure them that nothing would give him greater pleasure than to come hack and resume com- mand of the company. (Cheers.) It was one of the greatest pleasures he had in life. (Cheers.) Ile was glad to go out again to South Africa, but regretted immensely that he had not them behind him. They did try to get a Mounted Infantry Company up for active service, but the War Office put its foot down and would not sanction it. After referring to the camp last year, and recalling one cr two humorous incidents. Captain Croefiold went on to express the hope that the members of the company would do their level best to sustain the honour and glory of the regiment, and he looked forward next year to being in command of them again. (Cheers). Referring to his work in connection with the Mounted Irtfactry Company, he thanked his brother cfficers for the great assistance they had given to him, and also the non-commissioned officers for the _

way in which they had worked together. He thanked the members of the company for coming there that night, and assured them that it had been a great satis- faction and pleasure to him. (Cheers). Lieutenant.AvEtty(who takes over the command of the company) also wished Captain Crostleld God-speed and a sate return.

Captain CROSFIELD lefr, Bank Quay Station shortly before midnight. The members of the company accom- panied him on the station, and gave him a very hearty send-off.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL SUNDRIES.

inardis,lll.o. Cape, 218. Postai la, from 121- per set. Carriage e with dogs, 121- per don. Ci

tbiU iiiTigs (any colour), 413 Sr 66 doz. p, ..srass Inflators, Iron) 100. Postage afi. and 6, Strong Web Fore load Belts, With double straj hackles, VW.

FOOTBALL KNICKERS. (Wide legs.)

White Swansdown. 1141 .itrong Buckskin. white, 1110 White Latutstkin. 2(10 Tary Blue Rtroug, Serge, 14, 1.110, 2111, 311 Wool, extra tality, Salutary tistbands,sl.l Flanuel,33l trtmg, 531

1 • • Mk., ts.tiltttr.- 't.Vats.., &.. t.s&as•-; %Nts.te, .•,.. .: St ii\L•N •'%.' -';',.'.4::1 ::',„,. N. • All , . ii 1 • . • Extra au 1 Postage ati. pair. 2 pairs 4( i Post Free. Orders over 10/- 4 Ltd., moxaso:

===== 0002601_19020314_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAY TRADING.

warrington Free Church Council's

Action.

The above Council has issued a circular on the subject of Sunday trading which is worded as fol- lows Sir,—At a recent meeting of the Executive of this Council, a report was presented, by a Sub- Committee specially appointed to make inquiries, upon the existence cf Sunday trading in the town and neighbourhood. It was represented that this evil exists in very large and growing degree and the hxecutive therefore feel it to be their duty to call the attention of our Churches and schools to this very serious fact. They do not deem it desirable to suggest any legal steps toward its suppres- sion, even if such are possible. To take that course; might appear a harsh 'and arbitrary attempt to enforce Sabbath Observance, and would probably awaken more prejudice than sympathy. But it does, in their opinion, seem most desirable that the leaders of churches and schools, and the members of congregations generally, should do everything in their power to curtail this growing evil. The opening of shops for the sale of tobacco, &c, newspapers, sweets,fruit,and other such things, and of photographic studios, on Sunday, cannot be necessary, and in many instances temptation is thereby placed in the way of people generally, and of children and young persons especially to forget the sacred character of the Day of rest. The Committee would also point out that the opening of these places on Sunday is un- fair to tradespeople, who, either from religious motives or the desire for one day's rest in seven, close their places of business on that day. Unless the practice be checked by the wide expression of an adverse public opinion, there may be seen a still wider developement of this Sunday Trading than already exists. It is therefore respectfully suggested that ministers and preachers in our churches and missions should call the attention of congregations to this important matter, and also that Sunday school superintendents should urge their scholars to refrain from any such Sunday Trading themselves, and to discourage it in others. The Committee will be glad to find that their sug- gestion is sympathetically received, and that effect is given to it at as early a date as may be conven- ient. We are, on behalf of the Executive, Charles E Parker, president; C Hale Hocken, E Pierce Williams, Secretaries. Warrington, March, 1902.

Superintendent Higginbotham's Retirement.

An interesting ceremony was performed at the Assembly Rooms, Leigh, on Thursday when ex-Superintendent Higginbotham was made the recipient of several handsome presents as tokens of the esteem in which he was held during his con- nection with the County Police Force. Mr Higgin- botham has been a member of the Lancashire County Police Force for forty-one years, and for the last eleven years has been superin- tendent of the Warrington Division, which has its headquarters at Leigh. He retired on a well-earned pension last November, and was suc- ceeded by superintendent Cocker, of the Wigan District. A committee of local townspeople was formed with the object of raising by public sub- scription a sufficient sum to give Mr Higginbotham a handsome testimonial upon his retirement, and , over £2OO was realised. The committee decided to make him a presentation of a beautiful ornamental timepiece and a purse containing one hundred guineas, and to give .slrs Higginbotham a solid silver tea service, both of which have been suit- ably engraved and manufactured by Messrs Elkington, of Liverpool. The officers and constables of the Warrington Division have also subscribed for a smoker's cabinet, case of pipes, and silver matchbox, as a token of the respect in which th4y held their superintendent during the years he was connected with them. There was a good attendance of the members of the irolice force and the general public, and the gather- ing was presided over by Alderman Pennington, who was supported on the platform by Captain T E Witbington, JP., Mrs and Miss Withington, Superintendent Cocker, Councillor Eckersley, Mr J C Calvert, clerk to the magistrates, &c. Superin- tendent Higginbotham was also presented with a case of pipes from the Press of the Newton and Earlestown District of the division. TEE GLEN SPEY DISTILLERY, situate in the finest W ky-producing District of Scotland, Is tho property of Wand A Efllbey. This Whisky Is made entirely from Home-grown Barley and is kept absolutely unblended in Eli Majesty's Bonded Warehouses Is mature,and sold by W a d A failbey's agents in every town at 3s 6d per bottl

Xetters to tbe Ebitor.

Aiderman Monks and the War- rington Teachers.

Sir,—Tbe remarks made by Alderman Monks, when the minutes of the Museum and Tectinical Instruction Committee came before the Council on Tuesday last have occasioned some surprise and n 3 little regret amongst the teachers of Warlington. The request, preferred by the Warrington Teachers' As3ociation, was that one of their number should be co-opted as a member of the Museum Committee. This. to most people, would appear a very reasonable request indeed. The teachers in this question are perfectly disin- terested. They have no axe to grind, but, having been eagaged in purely educational work all their lives, claim to possess that expert knowledge which should prove of great value in all matters appertaining to education. Surely Alderman Monks does not claim that all, or even most of the members of the Museum Committee are educational experts ? The Corporation are at present engaged in promoting an Education Bid. Whence comes this sudden desire to control the , educational affairs of the Borough ? Neither political party has, in municipal elections, laid any particular atress upon such questions. In fact, many councillors have shown themselves averse to serv- ing upon the School Attendance Committee—a Com- mittee whose work is most esseatial and important. Who is it then who is " pulling the strings " of the new Bill, and for what reason? If the Council are sincere in their desire to promote the best interests of education, they will find the teachers, from no ulterior motives, ready and willing to co-operate w.th them.—Yours truly,

TEACHER.

Sir,—Alderman Monks is reported to have said in reply to Councillor Smethurst that" He did not see that they (the teachers of Warrington)' had any right to expect to be elected on this committee in this sort of was. It would be a bad principle to permit any outside body to nominate represents- , dyes to seats in the control and gift of the Corpora- tion." The Teachers' Association did not seek to nominate a representati ve,but respectfully requested the members of the Museum and Technical Com- mittee to co-opt a teacher in the place of the late Mr Peers. But will Alderman Monks kindly point out where the badness of the principle comes in of seeking representation on this committee? We had an idea (mistaken apparently) that this committee existed not only to do good work but the best possible work for the town. We also thought (again mistakenly) that as a most import- ant part of the work of this committee deals with education the committee would welcome the pre- sence of the educational expert. The Warrington Teachers' Association consists of almost all the certificated teachers in Warrington. Many of these are engaged daily in the teaching of science, mathematics, and languages in addition to the ordinary work of the day school. Some of them have taught in science schools. It is a part of their duty to have at their fingers' ends Educa- tion Codes, Government Instructions, Science and Art Directories. They have passed through a long and arduous course of preparation and training. Many of them have had years of experience. Yet these men and womenlare to be denied any repre- sentation on a committee largely dealing with con- tinuation schools, technical,science and art classes. We make no attack upon the committee as at present constituted. We do not seek " seats in the coutroland gift of the Corporation " from personal motives. We wish as good citizens to put our ex- perience and knowledge of educational matters at the disposal of our fellow citizens. We confidently believe that they will say our request is an eminent- ly reasonable one.—Yours truly, JOHN UPSON,

===== 0002601_19020314_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Ragged School and Mission.

Sir,—The Committee of the above Institution earnestly appeals for help towards the purpose it is working for—the care and early training of War- rington's poorest children. Money, food, clothing, and workers too are wanted. _

The past severelwinter, and the cqpsequent uncer- tain employment for outdoor workers, caused addi- tional privations for the children. Lack of warmth, scanty clothing, in sufficient food, how keenly many of these little ones suffer during a protracted period of frost and snow, is only known to those who have been amongst them in the places were they live, or rather, exist. A greater demand than usual has been made upon the resources of the Mission. Thanks to the generosity of practical sympathisers, a number of children have been fre- quently supplied with a substantial meal, and pro- vided with clothing ; they have also had instruc- tion and amusement at intervals. We have to thank, amongst others, Messrs Strange and Son,and Mr J Horton for bread and cakes ; " A Friend " for clothing; Mr H3l Ashton for fuel. (These are re- cent donations.) The subscriptions received have enabled thejcommittee to purchase a large quantity of clothing, boots, clogs, &c, and these have been carefully distributed. We thank those who have helped in the past and hope to have their continued kind support in the future. We ask all who have looked upon and pitied the condition of these poor children, to assist us to reach as many as we can, to help us to influence their young lives for good. Almost any kind of donation is acceptable, for some of these wretched little ones are at times en- tirely destitute. Anything sent will, in every case. be acknowledged, and shown in detail in the annual report, a copy of which will be sent to each donor, We beg to inform those who prefer to help other- wise than by gifts of money, that there are arrange- ments at the Mission room in Upper Bank-street, for cooking suitable food, on a large scale, and that clothing is always distributed judiciously, and the recipients kept in touch with. Mr Robert Davies, whose death we all deplore, I was a true friend to the poor people of Warrington, and by them he will be greatly missed. I have per- mission to publish the following characteristic letter, received only a fortnight before his death.

Birch Dale, Stockton Beath, Warrington. February 11th, 1902, My dear Sir,—l am now in my 76th year. and much troubled from my heart, but the good work et the Ragged School is (amongst many other calla upon me this year) one that I must not neglect. I enclose you a cheque for a guinea and remain.— Yours truly, ROBERT DAVIES.

Mr J W Howarth. JAMES SBELLAND, (Superintendent). JOHN W HOWARTH, (Financial Secretary).

===== 0002601_19020314_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST SPRING MEDICINE.

At this seasod of the year the System undergoes a change ; the blood should be purified, nature c11(9 for it. If a good, purifying and strengthening medicine is taken now, it will prevent much unnecessary suffering in the future, as impurities left in the blood during the spriug lead to many ailments afterwards. • NOW IS TI3E TIME When all DIOEASES of the STOMACH, LIVER. KIDNEYS, and BLOOD are most easily cured while the blood is under- going the spring change. The best medicine to take fo this purpose is VENO S SEAWEED TONIC. Now is ths time when it:will produce its most brilliant effect not only in purifying the blood but in curing such ailments as indigestion, wind on the Etlmaeh, biliousness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, headache, weakness and corutipation. It regulates,strengthens and purifies.

IN EVIDENCE THOMAS FENWICK,S Queen-streec,Grange Villa, Durham, writes :—" I suffered so badly with impure blood; blotches, and eczema that I thought I should never get cured. I tried a lot a doctors, but none did me any good. I got VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC at Gateshead, and began taking it, and I am glad to say that, so far I am perfectly cur ed, and my skin is now in it natural condition. You can advertise this as you wish as I am sure there would he no one suffering with blood and akin diseases if they knew of your remedy." . VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. Is guaranteed to permanently cure diseases of the ' Stomach, Liver,Bidneys, and Blood, by a Bank Cheque, value 23 6J, enclosed with every 23 93 bottle, payable through the London Tracing Bank, Ltd. This is a genuine guarantee, and means a cure or no pay. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC at Chemists and Medicine Vendors, Is. lit and 2e. 9J. per bottle. Sold by Boota Ltd, Warrington,Peake,Earlestown&nd Newton ,Weston and Co., Runcorn, Wallbridge, the let, J. W. Jackson, chemist and druggir, St. Helens.

The Northampton miserfetrates on Wednesday inflicted a nominal fine on a publican named Bertram Dooley for " permitting vklent, quarrelsome, and riotous conduct" upon his licenged premises. The evidence was to the effect that a boxing contest took place in the public- bowie in the presence of about 60 excited spectators, whose shouts were heard in the streets 50 yards away. The magistrates said that the boxing was perfectly legal but order was not maintained by the landlnrd. Notice of appeal was given.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPERANCE REFORM. Mr. Sam Woods and the Government Bill.

Address to Rechabites at Warrington.

Mr SAM WOODS, the labour candidate for Newton I division' presided at a public meeting aud concert held in Brick-street schools, Warrington, on Satur- day evening, under the auspices ot the Charity 1, Tent of the Warrington District of the Independent Order of Rechabites. There was a large attendance of members of the Order and their friends and the gathering was marked with gratifying success. Prior to 'the meeting a capital tea was partaken of and was moch enjoyed. The meeting commenced with the singing of the well known ode " Each effort to redeem our race " and afterwards a piano- forte solo "Sabbath evening chimes" was pleas- ingly rendered by Mr Josepe 11111. Miss Cowell gave a sweet interpretation oft' The Toilers and ! was accorded hearty applause. The CHAIRMAN then addressed the meeting, and , in the course of an able speech said the Rechabites took a principal part in the temperance movement of the country. There could not be a more elevat- ing or humane object than theirs, and blessings would result on every hand if they could induce every man and woman, toy and girl in the kingdom to become a member of the Society. He had always slooked upon strong drink as being the arch enemy of our national progress, and the greatest barrier to the progress of the working claseee in particular. Where there was much drink- ' ing there was very little thinking. If they could only succeed that night in securing some more adhesions to the policy they believed in they should have had a very successful meeting. He took , it that the Rechabites had four objects—in the first place the extension of temperance principles, in the second place the encouragement of thrift, in the third place, education, and in the fourth place,securing as far as possible a scheme of ' old age pensions. Did they ever think what the drink policy was? He was told there was invested in the manufacture and sale of drink in this coun- try nearly £300,009,000. They might take that money and place one sovereign against another, if they had land to put it upon, the whole of the dis- tance between England and .New Yorke—three thousand miles, and then they would have some left. Or they might take the amount of money used and spent in the manufacture and sale of drink and put a sovereign on every letter of the Bible, and they would have some left when they had covered every letter. This, however, was not the worst aspect. They must think of what the expenditure of that money produced. When they looked abroad in our towns and cities at the poverty, destitution, and crime resulting from drink, he thought it was time that tee people's eyes were opened_to a better cause and a better purpose in life. The Rechabites also encouraged thrift. They encour- aged a fair day's work for a fair day's wage, and, when a man had earned money, the economical spending of it and the putting of a little by for old age and infirmity. The next purpose which the Order had in view was education and there was no question agitating this country so much at the pre- sent time as education. What he said was that the temperance mosement had a great work before it in education—education in temperance principles. There were a great many questions in connection with the temperance movement, and ha had always thought that one of the greatest dangers, and one of the greatest curses was the tied-house system. He was very pleased to read the other day of a case tried in one of eur courts ins which the judge held that under certain circumstance- there could be no such thing as a tied house. Continu 1 ing the speaker said the brewer, in order to get hold Of a very ordinary public house, would spend a fabulous sum of money, and what was the result? Be would dispense to the publican simple and sheer poison for the people to drink, adulterated to the highest pitch. Not 'only that, but the publican in a tied-house was very little batter in nine cases out of ten than a caretaker. The brewer was the arch enemy of the temperance cause, and he was pleased to see from cases which were sometimes tried in the Law Courts and from others now engaging public attention that the time Was not very far off,—if they could only get more democratic Houses of Parliament,—w hen the tied-houEe system,which was such an abominable curse would be abolished altogether. They would then have removed one of the obstacles to the work of temperaace reform. (Applause.) Be had bad the pleasure to vote three or four times for the Local Veto Bill, which was the great craze of the age a few years ago, but had now gone into oblivion. Be ap- proved of that Bid, because it put the power :of regula- ting the Oriatt traffic late ths hands of the people,aud because he thought it would have a tendency to stern the flood of intemperance. But the bill had its blots, and he was not (elite sure, even if it had been passed, whether it would have been as successful as many an ardent temperance reformer thought it would be. He believed it would be difficult in many places to get twc- thirds of the people to vets for the closing of public' houses, because they would be considered to be doing an injustice to the publican by putting hiwo out cf busi- ness or out of work.lThis would lead to great irregularity and the Bill would not be so beneficial as some of the reformers would like. He would stop every public house in the country if he could ; but they must look at things from every point cf view. He had no practi- cal knowledge of club life in this country, but he understood that many were very little better than public houses. (Hear, hear.) He was very pleased to see that a resolution was going to be submitted to the meeting in favour of the Govern- ment:temperance Bill, He bed that tne;temeerance party throughout the country approved of the proposals of Mr Ritchie. the Horne Secretary, who introduced the Bill the other slay. Of course the Government was prac- tically pledeed to some scheme of temperance reform. The Bill.however,would in his opinion be of the greatest possible value, as a means of reducing the temptation to drink and it would have a very beneficial effect if it could only be passed into law.. The Bill was a very far- reaching one, and if it could only pass the House of Commons and the House of Lords and be put upon the statute book, temperance reformers would have some compensation for their arduous labours. There were, however, very few bills which went into the House of Commons sybich came out as they were brought in. They were manipulated and amended, and when they passed their third reading one could d scarcelythath t e Governmentknow w 'a cb wwearse taheori earnestginal aboutclauses.th a 0 lime . oneclause provided that if a • With regard to tee details. man had got an inebriate wife he could get a judicial separation, and if a woman had an inebriate husband who neglected her, she could also get a separation. If a Man got drunk in the street with 'a child under seven years of age under his care, he could he taken to prison without a sum- mons or warrant, and if a publican was known to sell drink to a man who was drunk he would havo his licence endorsed for the first offence aad would be liable to a penalty of £5O for a second offence. There were provisions in the Bill dealing with the clubs to which he had referred, to the effect that the same regulations should apply to them as far as hours !of closing 4,-.r c mcerned :isi appliedi to the 7publichouses. (Applause.) There was also a provision that the holders of grocers' licences would have to Show annually before mac'dstrates that they were justified in having them renewed, in the same manner that a publi- can had to. Grocers' licences had done an incalculable amount of mischief in the localities where they exiEteri , and bethought they should be pat under the same rigid discipline and government as the public houses. The I tern perarce question was fraught with diffioulties and , be hoped that Mr Ritchie, who he knew to be a man of rnetal,in fact be was his '(the speaker's) ideal member of the present Cabinet, would be firm. He knew Mr ' Ritchie to be a strong minded man and he had very great faith in him. In conclusion he asked his hearers to look ' at the sad results of the drink evil, at the innumer- ab'e temptations held out for the encouragement of . drink, and at the amount of crime which was , due to it. Even Mr Ritchie, he held, stated in the House of Commons that over 50 per cent at the cases that came under his notice were (be direct cause of drink. Surely if they had an atom of human nature in their veins, to .say nothing about Christianity, it was

their duty after observing the dire effects of the drink evil in our land, Co rise up as one cnan end say " The time shall soon come when these temptations shall be removed and the drinking system discouraged, and when our people shall be sober and thrifty from one end of the land to the other.' (Applause). The entertainment was then proceeded with. Mr A Griffiths delighted his hearers with an effective rendi- tion of " Mona" and was vigorously encored. The recitation "The factory chimney" was feelingly given by Mr G Whitfield and a duet " Very suspicious" by Miss Cowell and Mr Nichols was well received. _ _

An address was delivered at this stage by Mr R C Griffin, member of the Board of Directors of the Order. He said it struck him very forcibly what a splendid object lesson to young men they had in their Chairman. He was sorry Mr Woods had not his seat reserved in rarliament but there was someone else keeping it warm for him,and they should have the opportunity of seeing Mr Woods an M.P. betore very long. (Applause): Toe speaker proceeded to give some interesting details 29 to the working of the Order, which he said had passed its sixty-fifth anniversay. Ho thought they could say that they had stood the test of time and that the society was a sound and substantial one and woald do good to anyone who joined it. gnat was the ' first organization of its kind that Wa3 established purely for total abstainers. It was an interesting fact that the members experienced only from seven to eight days of sickness per annum, as compared with eleven or twelve days in other societies. He knew of no better Friendly Sochty in existence at tho present time. They had registered snore branch- s than all the other societies put together for fourteen years in succession, and during the past twelve months they had opened e'eity five new adult tents and eighty f nir new juvenile tents, making an aggregate of one hundred and sixty nine branches which they tIA been atie to es!ab- lish and place in working order. The temperance movement never occupied such a healthy and strong position as it did at the present time and he should be mistaken if they did not send thar chairman to Parlia- ment to push on the measures which they were so anxious to pass. The progress of the Order of Recha- bites han been most marked. In the yearlllB7l there were 23,219 members ;in 1381, 54,221 members ; in 1891, 146,033 members, and at the commencement of 1901, 269,017 members. From the returns which had already been received he hoped they w'ould be able to show au increase for last year of over 10,000 members. (Applause). They had in their juvenile order 101.000 members, who were becoming soldiers of tempesanee. They had only 291 deaths in 1890 out of those 104,000 children. The death-rate for adult members in the Foresters was one death to every 83 members ; Cnid- fellows, one in 89 ; Rechabites, one death in 155. (Applause). The number of pledge-breakers in their Order was very 'small, being abnet one in 100. The total income for 1900 was £256,353, and the expendi- ture £207.743, having a saving on the year's working of £43613. Their accumulated funds amounted to £1,250,000. The speaker urged his hear ?.rti to do all in their power to advance the canse of temperance, and expressed the hope that the chairman would soon be re- turned to Parliament to help forward temperance legL- , lation. (Applause). , Miss Cowen then sang " The Holy City " very credit- ably, and Mr G Whitfield contributed the lanehable recitation " To morrow" in capital style. Mr A Griffiths was very successful in he interpretation of " Good Company" and was watmly applauded. The following resolution was moved by Bro. Wll !Sherburn :—Tuat this meeting of Charity Tent NI. 11, I Branch of Warrington District No. 4 of the Independent Order of Rechabites. while regretting that the Govern- meet has not introduced a more comprehensive and drastic measure of Temperance Reform, cordially we- cornea and approses the Bill introduced by the Horne Secretary to change the date of Brewster Sem- sions from August to February ;t prohibit clerks of licensing benches from having a financial interest in the grants of licences ; to prevent the issue of occasional licences in other than open court ; to give licensing , benches absolute control over grocers and other licen- sees to increase the powers of the police in regard to 'drunken persons, and especially those found into7cMated while in charge of infant children ; to restrain habitual drankardenncl ta neakelicencees responsible for drunk- enness on their premises ; to enable married persons to secure a separation order from an habitually drunken partner ; to register clubs ; and to enable the police to enter the same. This meeting earnestly hopes that the Bill may be passed into law without any weakening of its proposals. That copies of the foregoing resolution be sent to Mr Ritchie, Mr Balfour, and tee Borough member, Mr R Pierpoint. (Siate 1), FAr Ross, C.R. Bro W WRIGHT (Juvenile Superintendent) seconded. The resolution was carried unanimously.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A Society. There was a good attendance at the meeting of this society, which has now e,tered nano its tenth year, on Sunday afternoon. Mr Th 311133 Wallington, a former secretAry, occupied the chair and the address was de- livered by Mr A King of Manchester. Thl soloist for the afternoon was Miss Suinmers, who very sweetly sang, " 0 dry those tears " an I " There is a green hill." The service was also taken part in by Mr A Haley and Mr J Parkes.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Hospital Sunday at Warrington.

Sunday last was" Hospital Sunday "in Warrington, and, as usual, sermons were preached and collections made in aid of the funds of the Infirmary and Dispen- sary in most of the churches and chapels of the town and district. There were good congregations and appeals were made for liberal contributions. It is hoped that the amount of the collections will be larger than ever.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo-street Chapel,

The Rev B W Lummis. preached at the above church on Sunday EveninT, upon " Shaitespeare'i cloc,rino of Idle There was a large congregation. The preacher showed that if one made up his mind to do a thing he should not allow paltry excuses -to pre- vent him.and the rev gentleman's remarks were listened to with the deepest interest.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Prize Distribution at Buckley-street

Free Methodist Church.

There was a large attendance at the half-yearly meeting of the P.S.A. Society, which was held in Bockloy-street Free Methodist Courch on Sunday. The chair was taken by Mr Alfred Huime, aid, in the course of a racy address, he congratulated the members upon obtaining such excellent books ,and useful articles as prizes, at the same time eulogizing the secretary and officers of the P.S. I. upon making the arrangements so thorough. Miss alkorsley was heard to advantage in " A dream of Paradise " and " 0 rest in the lord' Mr J Hannan also charmingly rendered "Alone for to-day," and " The Hot? C.ty." Mt Albnt grow was the accom- panist. Mr James Dodds distributed the prizes, which numbered nearly 200,t0 the membors.and be was helped in his t ask by several officers of the P.S.A.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Sunday Observance. Another Sermon by the Vicar of

Frodsham.

There was a crowded congregation at Overton Church on Sunday morning to hear the pronouncement the Rey 11 B Bing,:t had announced to make on the question of ; Sunday observance—a question, it will be remembered, : on which the rev gentleman dilated at length some days ago, his opinions creating no little sensation among his parishioners, and meeting, indesd, with a most vigor— ; ous opposition. His text was based on " The streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof." After briefly sketching the history which gave rise to his text the preacia,r said it w.is contrary to God's will that the day of prayer and praise should be made gloomy and devoid of gladness. It was with the: object of emphasising this truth that Sunday should be bright and gladsome that he spoke so strongly on the question of Sunday observance a few days ago at tire Rural Con-; fereuce. He had been asked by the Rural Dean to intro- duce the subject in order that there might be a discus- sion upon it. The meeting was not a public one, and was merely a small assembly of clergy and laymen. And before such an audience he felt be might express himself without fear of misconstruction. Had ho uttered a few platitudes on 1 the subject they would have been intensely doll and unprofitable and no discus4on wou)d have been possible. Etc knew reporters were present but it never occurred to him that his observations were of sufficient importance to be proclaimed throughout the length and breadth of the land as they had been done. Very few of the newspapers had. however done him the justice to state fully what he pad said. Most of them had simply announced that ti. 3 advocated Sunday sports and the introduction of the Continental Sunday. This was an entire perversioe. He simply advocated they should make Sunday a day of gladness to the young to be looked forward to with pleasure. It was b2tter for them to play games after Sanday School than to loaf about smoking pernicious cigarettes. Children should be treated as children and nest as grown-tip people. It was unwise to make Sunday. weary and dreary to children with the result that they grew up to hate it and the religion identified with it, In advocating this principle he was only following the exam pie of the saintly John Keble and the large hearted Charles Kingsley. With respect to Sunday golf this was limited ftrictly to those who could not play on any other day owing to confinement in places of business., They could well extend their indulgence to such new recreation being not only right but an absolute necessity for their bodily health. He had always spoken against Sunday golf playing at Frodstram by those who could play on any other day. Ho had also said that the clergy of the parish of Cheahire should combine in order to see whether the men in the parishes engaged in large works could not go to churn, and this suggestion was adopted and a committee formed. They bad abolished slavery in the colonies but it was not abolished in England so long as

men were compelled to work on Sunday. The well-to do classes with their Sunday luncheons were really ignoring their own spiritual welfare, while the increased fashion of travelling by rail on Sunday seemed to be done inpefiance of Gad's will. What had caused the most disquietude was his reference to the Continental Sunday whoa be said be preferred it to their own. It was true he had said it and he repeated it and it was an opinion shared by a great many people. In Italy the people went to the church in the morning sad spout tile re- mainder of the day most decorously. If theatres were onea in Paris it was only a single city in a single coun- try and it was unreasonable and unfair to take it as representative of the Continent. It there were races on Sunday in Paris there were races on week days in England. Surely if a thing was esseadally bid in itself it was bad every day in the week. Numberless evils sprang from horse racing as the Goodie case proved. If there were theatres in Paris open on Sunday there were gin palaces open in London and to whiela would they rather take a young child ? They should cast out the beam in their own eye before they plucked the mote out of their brothers. He had been charged with advocating the introduction of the Continental Sunday in England. That he deaied. Ile would quote the words he used, " Worship, rest and recreation should be toe three main features of tbe Lord's day. Don't let the clergy to afraid of introducing what is called the Continental Sunday. That is a worn out old bogy which insular ignorance has too often corajured up." His meaning was they should not no afraid of trying to make Sunday a happy day by the fear of in- troducing toe Coneineetal Sunday. In the wends of al leminent statement "What he had said he had said." He would not be dared from believing what he believed by 1 any amount of abuse car calumny and be had had a good I deal of it lonely. His only regret was that be had caused pain to same in his perish tor whom he had a strone regar lie was no advocate of sports on a Sunday bet be was an earnest advocate of reasonable health-giving recreation especially to children. In the evening there was again a crowded church. The vicar preached from Psalm cxviii., 24," This is the day whicio the Lord bath made ; we will rej >ice and be glad in it." Dealing with the question of recreation the rev gentlemen said that, of course, must depend on age and circumstances. Far the little child he could not think it wrong that is should he allowed to play tor an hour or two on Stldtlay. He believed it w iold give more willing attentim to religious teaching if it saw that they understood its nature, and were trying to make Sunday a bright well happy day. For older ones, young men and women, be quite saw that it would be daogereaa to recommend games of any kind, but recreation, a renew- ing of their bodily as well as of their spiritual vigour they needed wad should have. They might well urge them to refrain from games as being likely to absorb all their thoughts, and to prove a snare to themselves and others. And they might remind them that what might to beneficial for a Child WAS not neot333Arily SO for those who were no longer children. Toe Apostle said, " When I was a child I soalte use daild, I understood as a child, I thought as a child, but when I became a man I put away childish things." The best eecreati on for all people on Sunday afternoon was, in his opinion, to be in the open air as much as possible,and to be learning lessons from God's great book of nanure,conflrming those lessons they shonil'l have a:ready learnt in the morn- ing from his o [her great book cf grace. They desired that fathers and mothers should do what they could ter their own sakes,, as well as for their whildren'a, to observe Sunday as the Lord's day, and as a day in which to rejoice and be glad. So far as his own views were concerned he thought he might fairly point to what he had tried to do to inducephe men of this parish to spend part of the Lord's Day in worship. For several years, as they knew, apart from the ordinary services, he had condueted in that church a men's class on Sunday after• noon, and they had now on the roll as many as 87 mem- bers. In another part of the parish there was a similar (lase carried on by one of their lay readers—Mr Stokes. He asked then to be judged by what he had done. He pointed to his work, aid not merely t o what he had said. IF he might do so with all reverence, he would say as Christ said to his tradncere, If ye belie ye not me, believe the works." He was most ciesirons to uphold the religious character of Sunday, and to keep it as tee Lard's Day but he felt sure they (the clergy) would never succeed in doing so if they held themselves aloof from the people and merely preached at them on the subject. They needed to stand side by side with their fellow men, especially those of the poorer classen and to show them that they e eternal into aid understood their diffloultiec and temptations, and were willing to help them, so tar as they could, not merely with words but with deeds, t fle,lat with them and for them the great battle against the iniquitoes traffic in stronnedrink, to be their champions against the tyranny of capital. and to secure for them some time every Sunday for joining in public worship, for rest and recreation. They needed also to stoop to the level of children, and prove to them that they wanted to make Sunday a bright and happy day for them.

Reference at the Wesleyar't Chapel.

At the Trinity WeAlyan Chapel, Frodsha ra 0 a Sun- day morning, the Rev T Bailey (superintendent minister) preached on the subject .ot Sabbath observ- ance. Taking as his text Exodus xx he dealt with the Sabbath as being an institution of divine command and not an eccieaiastical arrangement. Ha explained the history of Sabhatism,especiaily as set forth in the fourth chapter of Hebrews. The Sabbath was holy, and, therefore, according t7i the root idea of holiness, as set fourth in the Scriptures, it was a day separated and claimed by God, and set apart for the benefit of man. It was not a day simply for intellectual and moral im- provement but for rest and religion. Its observance was a necessity on physical and spiritual grounds, for the individual and tide nation. It was God's special gift to the working man. The continental Sabbath was vigorously condemned by the preacher, and he pro- ceeded to axplaia how the Sabbath should be observed.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKINC FATALITY AT DITTON JUNCTICN. Runcorn wine Merchant Cut to Pieces.

A shocking\ fatality occurred at Ditton Junction. Widnes on Monday night. As an express from Crewe to Liverpool dashed through the station about eight o'clock, a man who was working Clote at hand beard a noise, and on going up the line he was horrified to find the mutilated retains of a man. He procured assistance, and the body was taken to the Blackburn Arms, and later identified as that of Mr Francis George Burns, Wine merchant, carry- ing on business at Widnes and Runcorn. It raised that deceased had travelled from Runcorn en route for St Helens, and he would have to change at Ditton, but no one appears to have seen him on the platform The body was found at the Liver- pool end of the station, and it would appear he had attempted to cross the line at that point. Sergeant-Major Burns was vary well known in St. Helens, and the news of his tragic end spread rapidly in the town this morning, expresSions of great regret being heard on all sides. On leaving t:de Royal Engineers as sergeant he became the sergeant-major of the St. Helens Engineer Volun- teers, and retired from his position as such on reaching the age limit a few years ago. Since that time he had been in business as a wine and spirit merchant, having establishments in et. Helens and Widnes. It is only a few months aim that Sergeant- Major Burns was seriously injured in a cycle acci- dent.

INQUEST AND vEaDicr. At the Blackburn Arms, Ditton, on Wednesday, Mr Brighouse held an inquest on the body. Mr Riley of St Helens, represented the relatives. Mary Ford, living in Harrison-road, Halewood, which, it was explained,was close by Ditton Station, said that deceased called at her house in a friendly way about seven o'clock on Monday evening, as he had a little time to spare. Ile said he was going to St Helens. He was perfectly sober, and seemed of a cheerful disposition. In answer to the coroner, Inspector Strickland said that nobody saw deceased about the station. The last to see him was Mrs Ford. Georg l Dodman, breaksadan on the London and North-Western Railway, stated that he was stand- ing near the express when it went by,but the night was very dark and he could see nothing. He heard a sort of thud, and thought the engine had burst a tube. Afterwards he found the bociy about sixty yards from toe end of the platform at the Liver- pool end of the station. Inspector Derbyshire ot the London and North- Western Railway, Edge-hill, said there were naarks on the engine when it reached Lime-street. Mr Riley elicited that the train due at Ditton at 7.59 from Manchester would travel into the station on the same line as the express went through on I and both he and the coroner were of opinion that the deceased,finding himself somewhere down No 1 plat- form, decided to cross the metals at the Liverpool I end, no doubt thinking if he saw the train that it was the 7 59 stopping train, and that he intended to go to the station by way of Liverpool. The pry returned a verdict of " Accidental death.'

THE FUNUEAL. The burial of the late Mr 10 G Burns, ex-sergeant- major of the St Helens Engineers, who was killed on Monday night at Ditton Junction Station, took place at Christ Church Eccleston, on Thursday. SPRING JACKETS. New designs and shapes. latest Novelties. Special purchase of Moreen Underskirts. New Spring goods, splendid value. see Windows. W T WILLIAMS Sankey-street.—Advt. BEST BOOTS roiaLL.—IINDUR THE CLOCK,— Advt

===== 0002601_19020314_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL TRADING. 1 he Testimoni;ll;.—Mr. S. Norbury

Williams.

£1,115 Subscribed. The Duties of an Elective Auditor.

Oa Monday afternom tn 9 subscribers to the Norbury Witliams Testimonial Fuad met in the A.couutants Hall, Manchester, and presented Mr Waliaaas with aa address, a sum of money and other articles, in recw,mi- tion of his work as a citizens' auditor. Tile Rev Canon Hicks presided.

Mr ICorter read several letters of apology for inability to be at the meeting. Mr t.4ehwann, M.P., who was to have mad the preientation. was d?tained in London.

Sir William Agnew very much regretted he could not be present on the °cession of the presentation to his eA- oelleat friend Mr Norbary Waka:ns. The Rev Dr Mc- Laren wrote regretting tiaat another engagement would prevent hi g being at the meeting. Mr Charles Thomp- son, Mr G D Kelley, Mr G B Birdsall, and others also wrote.

Mr Schwann, M.P„ extended Lis " most cordial greeting to the warrior upon whose brows you meet to bind the laurel." The Chairman said the work which Mr Williams hal done had had enormous results which bad been felt not only in Manchester but through every municipality and on every local bare in the country. This much he thought they might fairly claim—that the high character enjoyed at this time by the Mancueeter City Council for honesty and efficiency was due in no small degree to the watchful care with which the citizens' auditor for this city had discharged hi i laborious and responsible duties. (Rear, hear.) Mr Wiliams had been a man of combat. Woen people engaged in any kind of conflict they drew the eyes of other persons to them, and happy was the man who, like Mr alorbury Williams, had coo- ducted himself on go conspicuous a stage and yet had never allowed anyme to find a flaw in his personal charactar oc persoual honour. (applause). Mr Porter read the address which was to be presented to Mr Williams, together with a clock, a writing cabinet and a cheque for a considerable sum of money. In the address " the undersigned Manceester eitinns and friends " desired Mr William to accept the tokens " as some expression of our thanks for the great services you have rendered, first to your own city, and indirectly to every municipality in the kingdom. We recognise in you the faithful guardian of the public interest, the unswerving critic.: of municipal slackness, the enemy of public corruption in every form. Regard- less of political party, and braving at once the calumny of foes and the misunderstanding of friends, you have by your cousistent public action perceptibly raised the standard of municipal purity, and have embodied in your life the important principle that eternal vigilance is the indispensable condition of efficiency in local self-government. You have your reward in the I conviction of having worked for the public weal, and in finding yourself re-elected as citizens' auditor by in- creasing majorities. All these labours and conflicts yo-a have cheerfully undertaken without fee or reward,partly that your bands might he freer for your difficult and delicate task, and chiefly because the law, in providing for the remuneration of a citizms' auditor, makca no provision at all for the particular inquiries which you have undertaken, the only inquiries which vitally con- era the public welfare." Tha address was signed on behalf of the subscribers by Edward Lee Ricks, chair- man ; Robert Ramsbattorn, treasurer ; Alexander Porter, hon secretary, Manchester, 10th March, 1502. Mr W Simpson then presented the address aad the other tokens to Mr Williams.

Mr Williams, who was received with cheers, said that he had been so accustomed for twenty-three years of his life to an atmosphere of vituperation and fault. finding and blackening that after listening to the speeches that had lust been delivered he hardly knew where he was. He felt the force and truth of Mr Schwann's remark that he had not in his public work been actuated by a desire for notoriety. He had been drawn, like many other men, to fight for "admirable but unpopular causes " ; his sympathies went to " the cause that needs assistance and tte wrong that needs resistance,' arid it was a very happy experience to be so kindly received. He regrected that so many of his former friends had turned their backs upon him because of his pubic c induat, but he submitted that he had been .:imply acting in accordance with the 'view taken of a citizens' auditor's duties by the late Lord Chief Justice Russell. In the face of that ruling he thought no one would deny that an elective auditor should do more than look at vouchers and see the accounts correctly kept. The work of a professional auditor for the last 21 years had been done by the best firms in Manc'aester,and an idea of the magnitude of the work was galood by learning that the invoices for last year numbered 38,535. and the cheques 60,003, and that the turnover was £10,870,330. All the more needful, therefore, was it to have an auditor vrtur represented not the spenders but the money-finders. Mt Williams suggested that elective auditors should be found to do work for the nation. The remount scandal seemed, he thought,to po)at to tho need •for independent examination of Government accounts.

IL Wa9 announced that the total amount subscribed

was £1,115. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the etiairmaa.

===== 0002601_19020314_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

ST, HELEN 3 NI7RSE'S FATAL OVERDOSE

- - The death of a nurse named Catherine Louisa Thomas of St. Helens, was investigated by the Bath coroner on Saturday. She bad just returned from a visit to her mother and brother, who is a solicitor at St. Helens. She was engaged to a doctor at Shrewsbury, and had told him she was in the habit of using chloroform against sleeplessness and neuralgia. On Thursday, having to go on night duty at the Bath Hospital, where she had been nine years, she went to bed at half-past five, and was subsequently diaeovered dead, her fade being buried in the clothes. There was a chloroform bottle in the bed. It was suggested that deceased might have taken sufficient to render herself unconscious, and then turned her nose and mouth mn the pillow, causing asphyxia. The Coroner said the facts did not conform in any way with the idea of self-destruction. The jury returned a verdict of " Misadventure through an ove dose of chloroform."

SCARLET FEVER AT ST. HELENS. qThrividemlo of scarlet fever at St Helens appears to he Increasing in vigour, fitty ne CaS93 being reported during the last fortnight, against twenty-seven. Fotto- nately there are few deaths, only one from scarlet fever, two from typhoid, three from measles, and one from diarthcer., a total of seven, a?.ainst six in the previous fort night. The general deathrate is 24 5, against 285 and 209 !wit year, and the birthrate has gone up from 36.4 to 433.

Warrington.—Prlnted and Published by Jos:Ns IV Ames list Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works,; Bewsey- street, and published, by them at the same place aud, also at The Examiner Office Vlotorla-rodd,WircrEe 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS and ;5.0 Haraet-Strost HARLESTOWN,'iii the County of Lancaster and al.° at Hi r et. Etunohrr,in theiCounty of Cheater. HA R. 14 1902

===== 0002601_19020314_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020314_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET W ESL EYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 16TH. At 10.30—Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6.3o—Rev, THEODORE BISHOP. All welcome. Hymn books provided. WARRINGTON CHURCH SDCIETY.-SPECIAL ADDRESS TO MBN ONLY. ON p,FRIDAY NEXT. MARCH 21ST, AT 8 PM. De THE "1511 CHURCH or THE VERY REV. THE DEAN OF MANCHESTER. SI`ETECT: "SUNDAY OBSERVANCES." All seats free. Service one hour only. WORKINGMEN ESPECIALLY INVITED. tiIIESHIRE LINES-LIVERPOOL SPRING RACES, 1902. On rn -a-TUESDAY, FRIDAY, and SATURDAY. March 211 h, ...su and 22nd. a service of Express Trains will be run tram HARRINGTON (CENTRAL STATION) to AINTREE as under : a.m. sm. pm p.m. Thursday dep.... 8.35 ... 11.2 ... 125 ... Friday ... 8.35 ... 11.2 ... 11.35 a.m. 1.5 Satinday .. 8.35 .•. 11.2 ... 1.2) ... Return Fares, Ist class. 4s ; 3rd class, 2s. \ Pot return times and full particulars see bills at the Rtations. • DAVID BIELDRUM, Msnager. Liverpsol, March, 19C2

GARTONS FOR SUCCESSFUL CROPS OF GRAS ES AND CLOVERS SEE OUR ILLUSTRATED DESCRIPTIVE PRICED CATALOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION. GARTONS SEED EXPERTS AND °ROWERS, IP WARRINGTON.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF W ARRINGTON.- IlLkkeTiap TRANIWP.TS. r..l„Pe CORPORATION INVITE TENDERS for the renewing : Section O.—SUPPLY, DELIVERY, and LAYING OF 6IRLI. RAILS, PAVING 61c., forming permanent way. Section 10.—SUPPLY. DELIVERY, and EREC CION of 'STEEL POLES, BRACKETS. TROLLEY WIRE, INSUL- ATORS, dm, forming a complete overhead equipment. Copies of specifications with Tender Forms and general Conditions can be obtained at the offices of Messrs Preece and Cardew, 8, Queen Anne's Gate. Westminster. S.W..upon Payment of one guinea for each section. The deposit will be returned upon receipt of a bona fide trnder. Sealed tenders are t be addressed to the Town Clerk and delivered at the Town Hall, Warrington, on or before 12 's.Plook on Wednesday. April 9th. The Corporation do not bind themselves to accept the LoWest or any tender. J LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 19 2.

‘T).•EG PARDON,„ EXCUSZ ME, BUT MIER -11 DIEI-," "'OH, YS! ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. "THANK YOU."

MHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term •of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH _TREASURER, MUniCiDal Offices. Warrington.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALIAS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM ' WINWIOK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

QBESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS.— APPLICATION FORMS for Scholar thins in from Elementary Schools to Secondary echools are now ready ,and can be ot tained Lona R. P. WARD, --°tganising.Secretz ry's Offier, Crewe. 00UNTy BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— GAS DEPARTMENT. GAS ILLUMINATIONS. Chat Consumers demirous of Illuminating their Prernisea i4as at the forthcoming Coronation are requested to irtke early application at the Gas Offices, Mersey-street, for .115 1-'e Purchase of Devices In order to prevent disappoiLtment obtainthg same from t' e Manufacturers. :r_he Gas Committee have decided to charge the Gas --.,urriers at the rate of Is 3d per 1 000 cubic feet. FRFDK. TAYLOR, Secretary. Offices. Mersey-street, February 28to, 1902. RUNCORN UNION CONTRACTS FOR PROVI- ku, SION9 AND SUPPLIES FOR isin HALF-YEAR 'ING OCTOBER 4zo, 1902. a4"e GUARDIANS of the POOR of the RUNCORN UNION ecri.lesirous of receiving TENDIIIIS from parties willing to vtiviNIRACT for the supply of NEW Mira. BUTTERMILK, MUTER, and FRESH EGGS (for Twelve Months), OATMEAL GROCERIES PEAS, CHEESE, SALT COD LIVER and PARAFFIN OIL; QUININE; asitil'n” BEEF, to consist of vein pieces intact and Flat Ribs one round weekly not to exceed 251b5., and 50Ibs. aid "ecif of the Best Butcher's Meat for the Officers. and .Toe et Mutton ; BREAD, HOME-CURED BACON. POTA- -1,4e, WHEA'r STRAW DRAPERY, and CLOTHING; • Women's, Boys' and Girls' SHOES of various sizes, er kaMples to he seen at the Workhouse, Dutton, and isp.,`„e ',Vending ; HOUSE COAL Xolliery to be named) ; DEAL COFIYI.SS, speclfying size. and including the U . with name, age, and date of death, to be delivered in nio ti n when na where required; COKE ; CARTING .6 ,Per ; FUN.:;RALS at per Funeral. n_ra.rties Tendering for the supply of the above.mentioned flrcls will be required to deliver the same at the Workhouse 01 cost to the Guardians, bow and when required. era to be acsompanied with samples (except Drapery th.,'") as far as practicable. The Guardians do not bind iviltiselves to accept the Lowest or any Tender. 0ft.,1,13,')11a desirous of tendering must 'apply by letter to my orfa.3' 'a Runcorn, for a ;stinted Form of Tender (and none CI `A3 entertalnol), where a Schedule of the various articles required and further particulars may be obtained. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Guardians, to he for-. Ivatded to the Clerk's Office, Itu•seorn, on or before Monday the 24th day of Mach, 1902. endorsed" ender for The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting tf the Guardians to be held in the Boardroom. Dutton, ou tbs 25th day of March. 19C2 at 12.45 p.ns. Parties whose tenders are accepted must enter into a Written contra tffind he prepared to enter into a Bond with "vo Sureties, if required by the Guardians. By Or derof the fl crird. GE° F. ASH TON, Clerk to the Guardians. Roneorn Ist March, 1902.

FOR MORE TIRN 20 TEARS DR. -I)AVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS. HAVE HAJ A WORLD-WIDE REFUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMA:SKIND. They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Axmrnia, Debility, Depression, Weakness, and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes 9.1 d, is Hid, 2s 91, 4s 6,1, and us, or under cover from the Proprietor 309. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W.

MURRAY 'S kiELATINOIDS, (REGISTERED) A NEW METHOD OF TREATING DISEASE. This ideal remedy will be found a positive cure for Awrmi a, Nervous Headache, Dizziness, Neuralgia, all functional dis- orders of the Liver and Digestive System, Early Decay, Con— stip,,tion, Pimples and Icirs Eruptions. Sleeplessness, loss of vital power, pains In the back and all languid and debilitated conditions of the system with lack of nerve 'sower, and all other exhaustive symptoms or complications. It is prepared in an original and portable form, disinteg- rates immediately on swallowing, and its powerful curative properties are at once carried to the deceased parts in the most effective and direct, though harmless way. Can be taken by the most delicate stomach. Price 2s. 6d. and Ills. per box, post free, sPaled on receipt of name and address, MENTIONING tiYMP 0118 JAS. MURRAY DEPT, 131.. 7, SOUTHAMPTON NOW. LONDON, W.C.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSBY-STREET, WARRINGTON Repairs to Property punctually :attended to.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, "PLOyERs• LIABILITY, ACCIDENT Sc DISEASE t-mall •Pcx, Scarlet Fever. Typhoid. Diphtheria, &c ) BURGLARY & FIDELITI INSURANCE _ • RAILWAY PASSENGERS' Co.URANCE ‘.., Established 1619. 64 , r;LAIMS PAID £4,156,000 • ,nIINIIILL,LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary. MANCH/ISM/I OFFICE: 61 CROSS ST. itiiersts wanted in unrepresented districts. AGENTS : 14.rrington Hr. C. J HOLMES, Market Gate et mr,w „H. BlGBEY.Nessclifte, Victoria-rd.,Latchford w B. Cent Hr. J. H. LEACH, Hardshaw-street 4l'doc,, Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows • 1,,411dhr,,,h Mr. F.J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge ---...._ r•-, Mr: ,I. HOLLAND WATSON.Moerlield House

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM PURE AND wHoLEsomE INGREDIENTS'. Customers giving in Orders early, can choose their own Mottoes. LANCASHIRE C. AS ET BAKERY Co., LTD, BIUNCHE3 BLACKPOOL AN D 11DLTON.

JOHN ENISO'N AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FRENCH POLISHERS, STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKETIS, AND UPHOLSTERERS. Mr. JOHN EMSON has been over Z 6 years with Robert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher. PRIVATE ADDRES9 :—I9, THYNNE-STREr

INSURANCE Or FICE FOUNDED 1710. SUNI INSITRED IN 1903 ENCEEDED £450,000,009, --- fOr NVAR,„4.I particulars apply to the following Agents : '"NCTON Messrs. J. R. Phikmere Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woods A on, Commercial Chambers 55, Itorsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voieey, 11, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street.

'll I)2W WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINT ,P'S. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to tbe Widow continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine only original and genuine Family Recipe. at for I: Palt Celebrity for all Female Complaints has obt ned a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers tarnio therefore attend to the following CAUTION-7o be sitti:ai that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Oa tilers. who is the only Person in possession of the RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, 7,1'41:1ed on the Outpide label by Mrs. Smithars, and the filaes of the tole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS et SON La Queen Victorm-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's. ;.7adoo, are engraved on the tiovernment Stamp. Sold in *foxes at 29.9 d. each by most Chemists.

LIGHT N LIGHT WHY BIT IN DARKNESS WHEN YOE CAN WIVE AN INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY READY FOB FIXING TO ANY GAS BRACKET FOR Is, 6. SUNLIGHT WHITE MANTLES 4ID, EACH, 93. PEE DOZEN. NOTE OUR ADDRESS : THE WORLD'S INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING CO., 17, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

WRITE STAR LINE :4b6Hr, ROYAL MAIL STRAISHRS. LivintrociL to NUW YORK loa Ll'om Q.laenatown. —Wed.. March 19 T.:I.7TONIC Wed.. April 9 0L,441i5T10...Wed., March 29 CYMRIC Sat., April 12 "raIiMANIC Wed., April 2 I OCEANIC ' —Wed., April 15 oas whirdCla passange at low rates Including Outflt free of 44.0 to New York. Boaton, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. PPly to baiev. IMME, and Co.. Liverpool, 17 Cookapur treet. s.w ri 34 Leadenball Street, London. B.C. hi! .

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER. ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE, WARRLNGTON, TELEPHONE No. M.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. lIURSE MA ReTSTREET, WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF tTLERY, SPOONS, FORK:i, 6-47)c. OR SPLENDID STOCK OF AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTRO iLITS Al VERY LOWEST PRICES. VIT6 you TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARREI STREET, WARRINGTON.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. AIACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Clam A RTIFICIAL TEETH Sete, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTESt A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and gracility guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor Says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says : Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Orlginal Testimonials. LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-STREET, AT WANLANSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT Miss TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-STREET. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

IMPOits AiNT TO FARMERS Scc. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 To 21, AMMONIA El TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 To 12. PRICE £2 las. PER TON. 53, PER TON CASE DISCOUNT. AT YARD. OR PRP.E ON NAILS, Sr BCIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 3,,f TO 4. Amatnxls 4 To PHOSPHATE 13 TO IS. PRICE £4 2e. 6n. PER TON, 7,6 n. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone No 222. Telegrams Toole. Wazrington. ILLUMINATED ADDRESSES, DIE—STAMPING Fae-Similes of Handwritiag, Typewriting, plans, quan titles Ice., copied and lithograpbed.—BaooKs AND S3N, Law Stationers 11. Queen-street, Warrington. —

BRING YOUR FEET To 5, LONDON-ROAD, Liverpool, and put them inside pair of • ARTHUR EVANS' 6s, 6D., Es. 6D., or TWELVE 808 BOOTS. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 103. 6,1. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO. LXM/TED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

- . 4,ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACK ETS ! Every workman should have ont, of HAOUR'S cele- brated 45. 6cl. serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; try them.-135, BYROM-STREET, Liverpool.

50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASE 4, well finished and especially adapted to lit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTIL SHILLINGS. This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from RUSTANCE AND CO., W 9 tehmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to .11 parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASEIRE DENTAL INSTIII7E, LTD, G. MARKET STREEF, WARRINGIuN. EFERy WEDNESDAY AND FP.IDAT, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 2s 6D. A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OVER, MyNExyNE's). H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

COOMB'S EUREKA FLOUR SELF-RAISING. TO BE OBTAINED 111031 JOHN ASHLEY 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated ejlectual HODPING COUGH cure 'without internal HOOPING COUGH medic:4/4 HOOPING COUGH Of al) Chemists price 4s; per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents : W. EnwAnns & SON, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP :Strew., London.

GEO. WRIGHT AND S.,ONt3, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANC ESTE R. BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL WARRANT OF , MAJESTY THEKING. APPOINT KENT AHD ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, c)t)A. HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGIGN. GEO. WRIGHT SON, LTD., Are one of the oldest Firms of Dyers in the Kingdom, being established in MANCHESTER 1335. LIVERPOOL 1325. LONDON 1790. PRICE LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BE HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 39A, HORSENIARKET STREET • Goods left with our Agent, Arthur Davidson, 61, Bridge Street. (late Lowe and Laitlasealte) will receive prompt attention RT4d be charged the same prices ri. a', our Branch.

CYCLE INFIRMARY IS THE SHOP TO TARE FOCA " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO Joll TO bOIALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY HAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TIRES RE-RIITIDERED AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORE GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Eadie, ELSA., and hater Lee tttings, Agent for PaimerTyrea. NOTE ADDRESS, D. 11. I,7UEST, CYCLE INFIR"ARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, r '•V4 V V ERSIER'S PIFR CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pier). Where terms can be arranged to suit all Masses. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, Parties, Factories (large or small) specially catered for. Write at once for Terms.

PRESENTS OF EVERT DESCRIPTIOIN USEFUL AND TASTING. AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY. CUTLERY, POCKET ENIV.z.S., ELECTRO- PLATE. TOYS. FANCY GOODS. BEST GOODS. RHASONABLE PRIORS. For Value cannot be equalled. 2. IN EVERY 1/- SAVED TO YOU SAM. N. GREEN, THE FISH DIARKET. WARRINGTON. (For upwards a 18 years with Slelton's. Ltd.

JOSEPH WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER pERSONAI. SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS, BUY FROM THE MANUFACTURER, A. COTTERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER, BEAMONT-ST,, NEAR INFIRMARY. WARRINGTON

WEDDING 131.1.1GS.—Purtt Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value In the town or district. Sold by. weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards poet free,—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

GEDDES DANDELION COFFEE -- The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pub'''. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Ganlstet Eal. 10d., and Is. 81. each. Wholesale by d. GBDDRS Awn SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

G. DOWLING, • RENTS COLLECTED ESTATE, INSURANCE. AT LOWEST RATES. COMMISSION AGENT, Office : 2, BOLD-STREET, WARM titlTO'N. Private Addrc3s ; 2L EllesTner44oad, Stockton Heath,

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. OTRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 57, RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Benson-etreet), LIVERPOOL. ADVERTISE YOUR BUSINESS BY THE LATEST AND MOqT UP-TO-DATE METHOD. CONSULT THE NATIONAL ENGRAVING CO., EXPERT ILLUSTRATORS AND ADVERTIoING SPECIALISTS. HALF-TONE, WOOD ENGRAVING, LINE, AND ELECTROTYPING. KNOLLS WORKS, 266 BURY NEW ROAD, MANCHESTER.

ROBERT I. OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and lialerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASE ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and brconci-band Fnrniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furnitute, &c., warehoused.

WANTED IY CANADA. CAPITALISTS. PERSONS. WITH MODERATE IN- COMES, FARMERS. FARM LABOURERS. YOUNG MEN DEnIRING TO LEARN FARING, AND DOMESTIC SERVANTS, for whom special arrangements are made. FREE GRANTS OF LAND In ONTARIO, MANITOBA tha NORTH WEST. Crown Lands in other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. NO RENT. FREE SCHOOLS. LOW TAXES, HEALTHY CLIMATE GROWING TRADE. INCREASING PROSPERITY. Pamphlets. Maps, reliable information and advice on all matters of Interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion gratis and post free. Particulars can also be obtained from the Allan. Dominion and Elaer Dempster Steunsh!l, Companies. or their local agents ; or from the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, Correspondence invited and personal interviews arranged. Apply to the CANADIAN GOVERNSIiffiT AGENCY, 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BADDBLENWS " BELLE-ELOOH:' THE LOVELIEST OF COMPLEXIA/11 °REAMS, 29. 6D, la. & 6D„ Post Free. Never known to fail I No matter tow sur,burnt, dull, faded, or blemished, makes the skin whiter than snow, and healthy colour imparte3.—BABDELZNE'S, 27. Bilrester-road, u Iwich, London.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UN D EE, THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOW WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED' RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME &lATCRR AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, lc. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIOXOGRAPHS for Crystuleum and Pant}, Painting. A CHDICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRIOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, 'JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (lta ALL THE LEADING MASERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 20 50 PER CERT. LESS THIN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old (acid and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc,, bought or taken In exchange. Motley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, to., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S INKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FIXID,I NEVER FADE) TO DE HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN MARKET PLACE. YVAARINGToN

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGE:., ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOL AS, 30, NORTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

FOR FIRST-OLASS REPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO W. EVANS, WORKS :-BRANIONT-STRICHT, NEAR THE INFIRMARY (13 YEARS WITH GIRNETTS). CHARGES Villil REAIONABLE.

A. AND J. PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSAIsTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND MYER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, Chloe, Marble Clods*, Pictures, Lo.. Ac., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARHAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, ere We respectfully solicit Intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES NY 1-O.SI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS. Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at priced to suit all pockets. AILA I N E'S, RICHMOND StREET, LIVERPOOL. FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. LINCOLN HANDICAP,'GRAND NATIONAL, DERBY, Ac. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market cuanges DOUBLE. AND TREBLE EVENTS. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIIJARETTES, SNUFF 9. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 68 Years

OHARLES WOLF'S GNINEA. GOLD WEDDING RINGS. iDOZ SUPERIOR ELEC- Trto PLATED TEA-SPOONS given with each ring. Engage- ment rings a speciality. Waltham. Bigin and Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly done with the greatest hill and attention. CHARLES WOLF HOLIESALR JBWRLLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

HOLMES & CO. WHOLESALE TAILORS 14, TURNER-ST MANCHESTER WILL SUPPLY YOU WITH SINGLE GARMENTS AT WHOLESALE PRICES. THOUSANDS OF POUNDS wonTH OF CHOICE GOODS TO SELECT FROM AT 20s. TO 40s. THE SUIT. It you cannot call. samples and self- measure forms will be sent to any part of the world. Our Warehouse is only 2 minutes II from Lewis's.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO,. MOSAIC AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXIIII9, 69, ST. JAMES'-STREET, LA.TCHFORD TILE AND MOSAIC PA, EMENTS. TILES FOR WALLS. HEARTHS, FLOORS. &C. References :—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chaoel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams HOLM:PE/WORTH, Latcbfora."

RENOWNED SUN FOOD. POsITIVELY THE BEST BEAUTIFIER GUARANTEED HARMLESS. Post Free, Zs, 21. Oas bott!e will convince you. ' PATENTEES,' BKETCHLEY HALL, BUCKS.

T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A UNIQUE OFFER ON THE LINCOLNSHIRE HAND/CAP. £l.OOO TO 2s. 6D. SEE THE "TURF REGISTER," REST POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

PAINLESS DENTISTRY., WHERE? LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN? EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY PRICE ? SILT 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

ON THE SPOT. ik GENTLEMAN RESIDING WiTIIIN a SHORT distance of POWERFUL STABLES and who is inter- ested in same is willing to communicate with a few Gentle. men for mutual benefit. No exorbitant fees beforehand. Special note relative to LINCOLN AND LIVERPOOL, BASILIC), MILL HOUSE, TALBOT TERRACE, LEWES.

EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining bow all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be suclessf ally treated without stomach medication. The method is easy sod pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Bent, in a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. N. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCERY-LANE. LONDON. Over 30 years' continuous success. T. ALLEN AND SONS, op WARRINGTON.) SANITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, BEG 'TO GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVR OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN QUEEN ST [MET. EARLESTO WN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A 5'1.0(.3K OF WALL-PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS. VAILNISII, AND COLONS. ALL ORDERS FOR PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORXMANSHIP. REASCZIABLE PRICES, Ammo TOE ".WELsBACH "INCAPDESCIBUT LIS•HTS. ESTIMATES Proni. IMPORTANT. DR. CLARKE's TANGERINE EMULSION SPEEDILY RELIEVES counii. BRONCHITIS. WHOOPING COUGH, IRRITATION, ETC. As Tangerine Eusultlm contains neither (spiates nor Narcotics, it can be tdiren by persons of all ages without loss of Appetite. Constipation, or ottm evil effects. is. lid. per bottle. tsom JOHN WILLIANII AND SON, LTD.. Stores, and Ntedicine Vendors, etc. See Testimonials. POST FERE Is. 4d. SCHAUB AND CO., 17. AZENNOSII-STREET, MANCHESTER.

Force Houses, a colliery village Dear Sunderland, was on Monday the scene of a brutal murder. A man named Ernest Wood,on returning from work, attarksd his wife with a carving knife, cutting her throat right across. She cxpired M a few minutes. Wood next attacked a woman named Bruce,with whom he and his wife lodged, but fortunately sbe held up hew arms, and though wounded, escaped serioug injury. Wood then turned the 17.nife on himself and cut his own throat, but not fatally.

L.. :[-:, I-• 4', 1 r 1 li 1 111--1--1- • - _ iiii,!; Ili 1 ~, , , ~ . •, off ,L _, , • ~ 1 • 1 j -I/ •' , ;r• .: r - /// - 1 , ".• `' ~.- - .--:.; , ' : „ •1 'l', I '- -.-- 1

1 •4 , 1 ;• . ~ . rif•'‘ . , , - 7? ~, .// ~,,, • .. , _-_-.-,\ q ,•-it ~ , . . ~: i. /- • ' ~!..700/0 e, • ~ - , , _ -..--_,/, • , i.e., ~z --‘, II ftw=,..-.=_-!-4 ,!..- ,0 / !-----'------: - • 1 !..)% .. 1-- ------'---.&! t I ti ..,.‘, _ ___________,_-___j lIT `, --11 ----7-•-!,., ' ' . • . . 1 Ti __•-- ---fa-_,--7-1- I ".'l!* ,'' I" •-, '' -------- .• ' ~,-------"C77 • I I-, SI •a• ~_ . . L,.--=-.,•-:_L-f",-_ ^ \ k• •Y! 2-,- , 1//1 --) ."1 ---1•••-: •''''l r-- :.,• :it•e• I --- - /, .Jr flir .. _.l ' 'l.-1' •il„ , ' ' • A- i .% ' .• IVI r '. - . - _ . ~,,,gp,52. - Kii..,-,,,1, q. 1 1.,- .!*--,.-•,; ..-,...4.i.,..i,z-i,..... , - . :...::,...,-•,-,._.____4„-_,•!---2.44,r,., --:-- ,-.., 1 1,11,1 mail .. ; - -•••.. c-L, - , • .'' ,-,--..-• .....-- :,!- !!!!,--_: !!!-Inig / In. f:. —'..".',....:4e=•---.'..-• . ' fket''''.-=' • :. '' '''''ll ..1 4 743 TV • 7r:.)::sif:"lr'' -..e.-... ?Illi•:- 1,.. ~1 _. II i„,.=..,....,.........,..-.... . ''---• .1 .-,-...,- '---- . ..,77'..!.. ' ~........, _...,,,,....7.ffe.:•••C. ..,i,..`; . ..,'7. '...." 1--- 1-• , .I"tPli ITIVII /..Zy '•..ilUr4V. • ..",-,- `a.. 4 - •-• .. C (Poi:idea:

THE Rev. Frederick E. Paulley, curate of Holy Trinity Church, Portsea, lives at 73 St. Ronan's Road, East Southsea, and takes private pupils. "A few years ago," said the reverend gentleman, "I had to be extremely particular in my diet, as I suffered very much from INDIGESTION AND GENERAL DEBILITY. There were many kinds of food I had to avoid. I suffered very much then, and, having read in the daily press of the ex- cellent results in similar cases arising from persons taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, I determined to give them a fair trial. I obtained a box of the pills, and before I had taken the whole of the contents I found I was being bene- fited. I continued taking Dr. Williams Pink Pills regularly until I had finished three boxes, by which time I was completely cured. I have recommended Dr. Williams' Pink Pills to several people, with splendid result. I have known them to be very useful indeed in skin eruptions, and such-like complaints. " A little boy, one of my parishioners, had ABSCESSES #LL ROUND HIS NECK. On my recommendation, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were ad- ministered, and in a few weeks he was all right, the abscesses having gradually disappeared. Another case was that of the grandmother of the boy referred to. She had suffered for a long time from a terrible wound on the leg, and the medical gentleman who attended her described the case as a serious one. I recommended to her Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. She took them 1r a 'ow weeks, and was quite cured."

, 'WOULD YOU HAVM 9 I SOFT VELVETY ed 1 l' SKIN? 0-1 1 ' 1 ,Thezz use . 8"4 I .-;., 146 • "0 t -• ....' ' '*4Pf(nti rwc iityl El 1:' el:? .. r ernc)ve air ROUGH; NESS,GHAPS,, TAN, IRRI—A Troretime. N 9tc, II in a verY I Bottles 16 al s.. ana 25.6. M.BEEIHAT4 8,, SON. 1 rl-IE L T EIsIHAM.

LONDOS. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 7i, RUSTON fiQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician: Dr BARNADO, Summer and Winter Residence. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every conatort ; fine Rea View. near Parks. Pie and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. 7. BOOCOCK, Proprietor. -- ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21, guineas per week, or 95 per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Bleaktast and attendance Irons 55. Table d'Hote at 6.:0 o'clock. For TARIFFS Ac., apply to W. H. BALER. PHOPHHITOH.

OOUTHPORT. El AYES'.9. RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WIREINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. TICE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

Tiro BN MIT, Furnished, VICARAGE, ()anal Curig ; lovely 1 'scenery. fishing. Ac —Apply VICAR, Cape; Curig, North Waiea. ONDON Office adorn.; central; every convenience. 1.4 2s 6d weekly ; address only, Ia—CHASE, 4 Great Queen- street, W.C.

PARTMENTS,either sitting-room and bedroom or corn- bined room.with or ,withom.board.-119, LORD .N..ED, Stockton Heath. gOUTHPORT. Public and private apartments, Pianos, kJ The MISSES bCHoFIELD AND ELLIS, Beach View. 32, Seabank-road, BLACKPOOL.—COMFORTABLE APARTMKNTS. Mrs. SCAr.LETT. 24. Dickson-rd ; 2 minutes from Talbot-rd Station and Sea. Plano.

DLACKPOOL.—COMPANY HOUSE. 16 beds, with 1) Tea-rooms, valuation, near lalbot-road Station ; inves- tigation invited.—PdßlCEß, 43, Springfield-road. 11E1LaC1U'OOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board; situated near station and sea ; trams pass door —Mrs. B'IITON, Crompton House, 128, Crescent-drive. Piano. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS Mosel to Talbot-road Station. with or without board, Piano. Terms Moderate.—MßS. LIVINGfiToNE. b. Topping-street.

DLACKPOOL. COMFOUTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanliness and good cooking, satistactluu guaranteed. Apply Atila H. RICHARDSON, 86 Hornby Road, Blackpool.

B LACKPOOL.—Superior public and Private APART- MBNIS, with or without board ; facing the sea —Miss Howei.xft 5, bt Chad's-terrace, Promenade, bouth shore. Book to 8.8 Station.

pLACKPOOL.-00111FORTABLIA APARTMBSTS. pleas- antly situated near Central Station and sea. every convenience. Home Comforts.—Mba. J. TOMLINSON, 59 Hornby Road Blackpool.

DLACKPOOL.—Miss WARHIIRST, Springfield House. 139, .1) Talbot-road; public and private STITING-hOOMS, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view ; piano ; opposite station. DLACKPOOL, Central.—Mrs. TlcKsos, 29, Chapel-street. LI COMFORTABLH APARTMESI'S ; bed. attendance, 2s. ; with breakfast 3s. ; full board. 4a. 6d. ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station. Cycle accommodation.

EGGS.—Leghorn Eggs for sitting, marvellous layers ; also lioudan Legnorn. first cross ; 3s per dozen ; unfertile replaced.—SlMET, Barnton, Northwieh. EGGEI for HATCHING, from Brown Leghorn Hens,hesded by Simon Hunter Coekerel ; good laying strain; grass run; 3s. per dozen.—W. JACKSON. 204 Meols Cop-road, Blowick, boutbport.

BUFF ORPINGTON EGGS for sitting, from grand stamp I hens and pullets,mated to celebrated Partington strain cockerels, 3s. per dozen ; everlasting layers.—JoEN GEORGE I STEELE, Elvvorth, Sandbach.

L'l.-DARK ROCK and BROWN :LEGHORN Eggs, Abbot's prize strains. 3e. 6d. dozes ; lineoinshire Buffs, 2s. 6i. dozen ; unfertiles replaced.—BUTTON. The Grove, Wybunbury, Cheshire,

HUB NOR:3ITTING,from .Cook's Buff Orpington Ducks, _1..4 also from Fawn and White Indian Runners ; prolific layers ; 3s dozen ; unfertiles replaced.—H RHODES, Beech House, Broughton, Preston.

Y WELL-KNOWN BUFF and BLACK ORPINGTON JAL ISCIGS are proving vary fertile ; 35. 6d. sitting. selection exhibition, ss. per eitting.—ROßßßT HootOn Poultry Farm, Willaeton, Chester.

EGGS for SI UTING from pure bred birds,Bulf Orplngtons Black Minorca, Silver Laced Wyandottes, White Leg- horn., Blue Langsbans, Plymouth 13031i8, and Houdan Leghorns, 2s. 6d. per sitting.—Apply, TAYLOiI, Poplar Farm, Hough Green, Widnes. EGGS FOE BITTING.—SEASON 1902. Poultry Keepers will now be asking, where they can get Good and Re- liable Eggs ? An important question, st eing so much fraud practiced at the present day. Take no notice ot Prize Winners, but see the Birds if possible. I have a Stock of Birds well worth seeing, and cordially invite an inspection or the following Pure Birds :—Langehans, Indian Game. White Brahrbas, Lancashire Buff., Black Leghorns, Buff Leghorn., Brown Leghorn., Buff Orpingtons, Black Orping- tons, Houdens, Golden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandotte., Buff Wyandottes, Black Miuorcas, Blue Andilusians, White Leghorn., Barred Plymouth Hocks, Buff Chochins. two pens of First Crosses for Good Layers and u able Birds; one Houden Cock, Buff Orpington Hens, Brown Leghorn Cock Golden Wyanolottes Hens, all A-1. Hggs all oae price,viz -2s 6d per 13 Eggs to them who fetch them. 3. carefully packed and put on rail. If not 10 Fertile Eggs in each sit- ting I will make all good if brought back or sent C.P. Splendid Buff and White Runner Ducks, Grand Layers, at Is per doz. Note change of address :--tIENRY DRAPER. 201, Newton-road, ,Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le- Willows. No Business done on Sundays.

JAMBS P. BATH and SON. STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS. Telepbone 6,613. 29, RANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL,

itallatpmerg, etc. . - HIGH-CLASS GAS ENGINES; new design; latest Im- provements. Sizes in stock, one to thirteen brake horse power.—BLIJAH ABHWORTH, Collyburst, Manchester. JT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY YOUR LUBRICANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLABB NON- CORROSIVE. largest sale in the world. Engine Cylinder Oil 11d, ; Machinery Oil, ild. ' • Spindle Oil, 90. ; Gas Engine Oil, 1564. ; Dynamo Oil. 136 d per gallon ; In barrels free and carriage paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street, London. TLC. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street, Glasgow; 1, Sandhill, Quayside, Nevvcastle-on-Tyne.

Al R. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, ITJL prepares students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and 14 srmony. including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse. 55, MARKET-STREET, Earlestown, and at 28, ARTHUR-STREET, Warrington.

HIGH-CLASS AND SUUunSSFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate : splendid Pceition : Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODG-sON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School. B.undelleande.

MR. TOM Pr Be,fOOTHfRtOhYD, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, I3ANJO, AND GUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, SURZ-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

mJLR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Ormanist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY•LANE, Warrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. NEE 44 dl(s. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM BEGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16TH, Entrance Examination, the same day at 9 a.m Prospectuses,forms of application dtc. may he had at School. The boarding house in tonnection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. cox, Receiver.

1101ISECLOTHING. BRAUMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED, 26, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds ot Horseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, ,fce. Home aJd export,. Establisbed lel2.

riIHAT Old-established.FßUlT SHOP kept by the late Mrs Waishaw, 61, Lloyd-street. Greenheys ; rent £23 ; good reasons tor leaving.—Apply to G. WINN, 156, Oxford-street, , Manchester. DOOT REPAIRING and CLOG SHOP Sole Knives, 1/ Benches Lasts, Repairing Machine, Lot Cheap or will sell separate. Rent 84 clear.—Apply 6 GOES HA Ni-t3TREET, Openshaw, Manchester.

MARKET-GATE, 3 Storey WAREHOUSE with Hoist. MARKET-STREET, good SHOP with Hous., £59. MILL-STREET, good light OFFICE, rent 38. 6d. week, BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, PENKETH, detached Resi- dence, garden. greenhouse ; rent moderate. BRIDGE-STREET, Large SHOP with good Dwelling- house and Show Rooms. BRIDGE-STREET, 2 Large ROOMS on first floor with every convenience. WARRINGTON, Extensive WORKS to be leased with land ; over an acre, and adjoining Railway. NEAR MARKET-GATE, 3 ROOMS (Office). rent £l2. PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and Is. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d Apply UOBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' vington. Telephone—No 55.

‘if INDERMHRE.—To Let, good family itIiSIDICNOkC ; 3 entertaining, 11 bed and dressing rooms, kitchens, Ac, ; possession April lat.—Apply ATKINWN, 4, College-road, Windermere.

To MIT Fairfield Bank Manchester-road, Warrington, a JL SEMI - DEraCHIiD HOLTSH, with Green house. garden Front and Back.—Apply A. GRIFFITHS 5, Clifton- street, Warrington,

rpo LBTOTHRBB HOUSHS, near Stag Inn,Lower Walton. JL containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen. scullery, threebedrooms, bath, hot and cold; rent £l7.—Apply 3, BOLO-BTREET, Warrington.

MO BB LET, the commodinus family residence called Han- A. croft House. Great Sankey, with stables and coachman's house; good garden and all conyenlences.—Apply J, H. SMETHURST, 113. Bewsey-road, Warrington. QT. ANNES-OE-SEA-1 0 LET ROUSE and ShOP, two LI entertaining rooms, flv-, large bedrooms; bath, two w.c,'s, kitchen, scullery, two cellars, splendid opening, greengrocery, boot, shoe, or millinery; two minutes from stetion.—L STANWORTH. St David's-road.

B. TYRER. PA WNBROKER, JEWELLER, CLOTHIER, AND FURNISHER, 62, 64, & 66, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. (LATE MORTON'S.) FT SALE 1110 W N. Is IN THE POUND LESS THAN USUAL. EVERY ARTICLE MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. , LIST OF A FEW FORFEITED PLEDGES. £:)) Ift os. OD. Massive MARBLE CLOC with 8 Bronze Pillars; goes days and st,iker hour and half-hour on gong; 1 foot 31 inches high and 1 foot 6i inches wide. In p<rfect order. 7-, 0 Cross Frame GENT'S BICYCLE IS. OD. by local maker; only been used two months and cost new £l2 1.9 s ; condition almost new ; a rare chance. 0 SILVER Enzlish Lever WATCH sold 295. liD. by J. G. Greaves, Sheffield for £2 Ns. Our price 295. 6d. Quite new ot3 S. 61). 2Massive FRENCH BEDSTEAD, inch pillars, mounted centre and corners with brass. Worth £4 10s. Odd Lengths of OILCLOTH, Is. 45. per yard, two yards wide. Odd Lengths of LINOLEUM Is. 9d. per yard, two yards wide. 3 q 7s. 6D. l'A,PalYt'oSsLewonzlorstohli2d3 I.BOLD CHAIN 295. 6D. Solid rail SdagCUenKdßs with massive square Set of SQUARE FIRE BRASSES to match 78 9d. WALNUT SUITE upholstered .4,0 1071. OD. In blue and old gold. Railway repp. A (OUCH. TWO EASY and four Small CHAIRS. TWO FE I.THER BEDS, BOLSTER and PILLOWS to match heavy linen ticks not soiled 425. 6d. and 57s 6d. each. FLOCK BEDS from 6s. 6d. to 18s. 6d. Wire straw and WOOL MATTRESSES at sale prices. WATCHES,ALBERTS,CHAINS,BROOCHES RINGS and other Jewellery SPECIALLY REDUCED FOR THE SALE. CLOCKS. BRONZ ES,VASES, ASH PANS, FENDERS and a host of other goods at prices far below their value. fYRER'S 62 64 & 66 WIN WICK STREET. WARRINGTON.

A)altsb Pribate rtarp

DATCH W ORK.—Monster bundle,Silks, Velvets.ls 91 free ; 'clearing out.'—DRESS3IAICER,B,IIigh-st,Eltharn, London. 3n, (all different) Anniversary Hymns F4' Anthems; both V notationsjw, —WARD,l37,Attercliffe Common,Sheffield VAULKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYERS of Hay and Clover,—Apply, FA ULKNERS, Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

WHY DO YOU COUGH ? Send for Bronchial Cough Mixture ; post free is 3d.—FIELDSEXD, Gorton Brook. Manchester.

MOTORS for Bicycles, Motors for Tandems, supplied and fitted. Lists free. We are manufacturers.—CALVEßT, 12 Woodville-road, Mildmay, London, N.

A_ . . NTI-BALD la the now discovery for the growth of the Hair, also a most excellent Hair Tonic, making it beautiful, and cost. Post free. 25 9d.—J. SCATTERGOOD, Uppermill, Oldham. "I ARDEN NETTING. mill mesh, 105 yards by 1 yard wide, 3s; by 2 yards wide, 65 ; 'at.d 50 00 to any width; Carriaße paid on all orders over ss.—From H J GAseor, Garden Netting Works, Rye. SURGICAL APPLIANCES;.—A 44. page Price List Ladies' and Gents' Belts (any descriptScn of Rubber Goods) post free,—Address Mr. or Mrs. ATKINSON, Dept G, 56, Hill- street, Midalesbro'.—tlo cards.

A. BEAUTIFUL Pure White China Tea ServJce, 40 Pieces ; transparent as an empty eggshell. Carriage paid. 6s '6d —The PIGNEER GLASS & CifIXA Co., 12, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

titOMB WORK by the quickest. simplest, and latest im- proved HARRISON KNITTING MAOHINNS ; highest wages earned. Lists from HARRISON MACHINE, CO., LTD., 48. upp.lir Brook-street, Manchester.

NETTIN4. ETTING. Itaobit Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Goal Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and tianie Nets of every description. Thomas Somvsoses, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

LOOK 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUM-MRS sewn; very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size. post free for 58 6d per pair ; money returned If not approved of. H. 1, GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

'l'o DEALERS, SHOPKEEPERS, Sm.—Spring is coming. 1 Nottingham Lace. Aprons, Pinaro.es, trc ; job lots as, carriage p..ld. DEAVILLE AND CO., Manu- facturers, 7, !Raleigh-street, Nottingham. Established 1857.

PAGE'S CHBALL removes all freckles, wrinkle,. pimples, blotches, sod all blemishes from the face, neck, and arms, leaving the skin beautifully soft, clear, and healthy. A trial box sent post free 9d.—C PAGE, 26, Grove Green- road, Leyton, Essex. (ORRUGATED SHE BT9, from lOs 6d per cwt; Wasters, 1..) 9s 6d per owl ; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanised Tanks, Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders' Ironwork ; Pelts, 3s 9d per roll —SusamEREILL & Co., Beaver Works, Wolverhampton. OUR Harvellons Half-Guinea PACKAGE, sixty useful Kitchen Articles, Cups, Saucers, Plates. Jugs, Basins, etc., etc. Carriage paid, lee 6d. Satisfaction guaranteed. Everyone delighted.—The PIONEER GLASS & cniye. co, 125, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

rrANNBD Ge.RDRN NlitTlNG.—Protdet your Peas,Seeds _L and Buds, from frost, bligbt,and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 36 square yards, is. Can be sent any width or length. Carriage paid on orders over 63.—HENRY ROBINSON, Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

TNDIGESTION.-THE I.IBDICAL RRPORNI. SOCIRTY will send FREE to all applicants an excellent BOTANIC CURE for Indigestion, Biliousness. Liver Complaints, Plies, Rheumatism. Gout, and Bronchitls.—Address : The Secre- tary BOTANIC INSTITUTE. NOTTINGRANI: - FOR New Reliable Garden Seeds,send to THoMAs HERROD, I.` Sussex-street, Sheffield, The Cott \gees Collection of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Is 6d. worth 68. • The Allot- ment Gardener's Collection, bs 6d ; worth 10s 6d. All finest quality. Catalogues Free. Agents wanted.

filo BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lent with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

7/6 —nyoineledy or e tluiarcneig I a sgsmcLaErrr ize3flr6eeli airfi approved -rd . DATCHWORK. 200 pretty crazy silks is. sd,:print patches Is. id. par.—BARRS, "A./day. Mountsorrel,Loughboro.

QIIND 2d. in atamps for Sample Violet Ink Powder ; kJ sufficient for half pint; beautiful Ink.—" VINA,' 9, Low Pavement, Chesterfield. rr EN stone kite live PLAICK. COD, HADDOCKS. etc., 16s, also basses 4:selected fish 2s 6d.—Write to LUDA Pim SUPPLY Co., Grimsby. --1 ant rumen so cuepone 05 ID)' .1_ 80s Zither Banjo for 335, approval,—PENNY. 22, Kaul- road, Hanover Park London Sas.

(1111 P POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety V Champion Ranges, Potato Peelers, Shop on Wheels 160-page List free.—MABBUIT'a, Polanostreet, Manchester.

FISlijFOl3 LENT.-61b, 23 ; 91b, 23 6,1 ; 121 b upwards, 3d 1b; carefully cleaned; carriage paid; repeat orders assured ; Hats tree ; trade tupplied. —CANADIAN FISH CO. Grimsby Docks.

A LL STOOPING STOPPED. —Loo's Shoulder Straps per- rnanently cure round shoulders lu a few months : send Is P.O. and waist measurements—Loo,7 Old Cavendish- street, London, W.

NV "we! idt , IcVy_rdelirmS.oveSmoleidntus I cake eclu ti ve etri mcea se,p ekresy warranted, 7a 6d post free.—MORTON. Watchmakers, Bedliaog, Clam., Wales. 6 DING-PONG.'—Two splendid Canadian pine Table .I_ Tennis bate, patent grooved bead, free ls 3d. Com- plete set of Table Tennis, 4s 6d. Approval.—FßAN% RoLPH, Cam. House, L..kenbeath.

AN XXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN. Sale time. Famous 2s "Pearl "Fountain PENS. hawdsomely mounted,sent post free Is each while they last. Only a few left.—P. HODGSON, 23, St. John's-terrace. Leeds. TNDIAN CBRATeI for all thcarated Wounds; bad legs; abcesses ; burns etc. Ode of nature's Cure—ails, in boxes la each,or four boxes for Ss.—Sole Agents, NEEDHAM'S LTD., Cash Chemists, 297, Edgware-road. London, W.

\VINCI-WM:MB 100 INCUiI B.TOR, complete, working order, copper tank, workmanship artistic: yet sub- stantial, last a lifetime, best on the market, £2; exiihange 'cello or offers.—HOLDEN, devenacre, Blackburn. ITOW TO TURN £1 INTO 2100.---Easiest way of making money in Stocks and Shares. No 'worry, no cover system, risks reclined to minimum. No experience required. Particulars free —H ucta ARMSTRONG, 37, Walbrook. London.

TO SAVE DOCTORS BILLS send P 0 13 and stamped 1_ envelope Mr then valuable Recipes as sold by the late Dr Sennate. Bronchitis,lndigestion.NeuralgiaHheumatisrn, Deafness, Piles, Corns. Blood, Kidneys, Liver, Hair, Diarrhea.-111Ri SENNATE, 12 Belmont-avenue, Blackpool.

pIN G-PONG. (How to Play), by the Pron. Secretary Ping- Pang Association, with diagrams, laws etc. with tun Instructions on how t. conduct tournaments. Price 4d in paper cov4re or 61 in cloth, postage Id.—London, S H BOUBFIELD & CO., Ltd., Norfolk HOUBC. Norfolk-st ,

NIVERS:ITY LIFR ASSURANCII SOCIETY.—POLICY Vw 8 ale, £5OO dated 1894 ;bonus £92 1 /s.to June 1900 ; surrender value 74 118 ; annuli April premium £l4 18s 6d; age admitted 44; whole life, male; offer.—H. rADFIELD, 30 Percy-street. Liverpool.

ettl 8.4,A,E, 'splendid 111 V and 1313 AS complete, for £l, Lady's Bicycle, grand condition, suit short lady or girl, £3 lfis ; also Geniis' safety, good as now. Clincher Tyres, Inch pitch 73i inch gear £5. The above are great bargains and will he sold to the firet corners—Apply 244, EARLE-STNEET, Radelltowll.

GI RENT CURB for Baldness. Free 041 for one month on ly. A gentlemah having discovered a sure remedy for restoring a luxuriant growth, to the hair eyebrows and eyelashes, will be please to send, post free (under cover), Sample bottle on receipt of six stamps.—Address W. STONE, 141 D Battersea Park-road London. QUPPORT and Comfort for 2sll obtained by wearing my wonderful 'Resilient' Corset, whlCh supports yet gives to every movement. Watchspring steels throughout, prac- tically indestructible, lovely soft satteen all sizes. Postage 4d extra.—WlLooo'B CoggsT DEPOT, 248 Monument-road, Birmingham.

BEAUTIFUL Illustrated q't,loleeale CATALOGUE of musical instruments suitable for brass, reed drum and fife, string, mandoline. or concertina bands, American organ and English pianos, post free to any applicant, marvellous value, write immediately. —THOMAS CARR, wholesale Musical Instrument Warehouse, Long Wyre-street, Colchester, England.

IFIR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNII. THR ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. fIIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to 1...) be the most wonderful:and valuable remedy ever die covered. rHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for N./ Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. Cil LOROD Y effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. OLILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea kJ and is the only specific in Cholera an& Dysentery. CIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy. Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CIIILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOTJLTON AND CO., Horricastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in OUT practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses , this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that It leaves no unpleasant after affects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Oonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CI-ILOILO- DINIf."—See Lancet, Ist Deceraber. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—ViCe-ChancellOr Tr W. PAGN WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comas BReeIVNE was, anioubtedly, the inventor c f "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See "limes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. W... Ea. 9d., and 45. 6d. None Is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWIIR'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm lug Medical testimony accompanies each bottle

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR "LEA FRANCIS," "PREnIER" AND BAYLISS THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL. RIM BRAKES AT THE ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE THE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED, SOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES, FREE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED LT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 5:3 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, " Wo ALTON" BICYCLE £lO 10- . THIS DBST VALUE ON EARTH. • MADE TO ORDER FROM B.S.A. FITTINGS, ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND & CO. WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREAT SANKEY, NEAR WARRINGTON.

Ile ICICLE MOTORS 255, 335, and 596 per full set. All .111 parts supplied, cheap andogood for building a really high-Mass rm tor above.—MADISON, Woolrych Bt. Works, Derby. List 3 stamps.

'MOLES. 8.5. A., BADLI,qnd B S.A PATTERN machines. V Fully guarantead from £5 12s 6d. Marvellous bargains. Write for , lists. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.—Tan WHOLE9•LE CYCLE STOI2ES, Freeman-street, Grimsby.

eIYCLBS I BARGAINS! I—New and Secondhand Cycles, kJ Humbers, Premiere, Court Royals. Triumphs, all beat makes, on special terms ; for cash or gradual payment. Agents wanted.—Write at once stating your requlrem..nts to MANAGka,lmperial Cycle and Camera Supply Co., Coventry.

CYCLES FOR EASTER. THE LARGEST COLLECHON OF £lO 10s. CYCLES IN LIVERPOOL. Fitted with Free Wheels, Back-Pedal Bend Brakes, Morrow Hub, or two Hand-applied Brakes at option of Purchaser. Inspect same at GLADE AND CO , 57, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. RETURN RAILWAY FARE PAID TO PURCHASER. NOT A CATCH-PENNY ADVERTISEMENT. WHAT / A FIRST. CLASS nACHINE, FOR £6 19s. 6D? it's hardly possible ; we manage it though, and what's more, we guarantee every Tart for twelve months, and send on approval. If it isn't equal to any 9 guinea and most 10 guinea Cycles on the market, send it back and have your money re- funded, that's fair. Includes DUNLOP 1902 tyres, Hyde frictionless FREE WHEEL (made by Nadia Manufacturing Co.) Westwood PLATED RIMS, BOWDEN BRAKE, inch ROLLER CHAIN, beautifully finished and built by eyele:meehanies, not gars et men. Finest value aaywhere. Send for list and save £3. JARR AND CO. A responsible firm whose guarantee is worth 20s in the E. BURY, LANCASHIRE.

TYRES! TYRES ! ! TYRES !! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPING OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and beet cover in the trade ;ha 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

"EA-FRANCIS," "ROYAL ENFIELD," " TRIUMPH," •' SUNBEAM." 1902 Patterns Now on View. Spring frames,Cross frames, and Featherweight Cycles. Inspect our Ten Guinaa Machines (Lady's Of Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's tree-wheel, and two brakes. Lists free Cash or easy payments. Second— hand machines from £2 los. HITCHINGS, Lim I FED, • 74, BOLD S MGT, AND 163, DUKE STREET, LIVERPOOL.

tililili—CYOLßS I CYCLIS I Marvellous Bargains I 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Accossories. Bargains in Eadie's and B.S.A. Machines. FRIc to any undress, the most Interesting 50 page Catalogue in the tr .de. Second hand Cycles from 30a. 2.000 New Machines from £2 17s 6i. Plated Him., Rim 13rake, Free-wheel Machines trom £4 lOs each. livery class of Machines in stock. Accessories Nall: price-50 per cent. cheaper than others. Marvellous Bargains; Agema wante=. ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen our 50 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested in the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FREE to aII.—WILIARILO W & CO., Weston-super-Mare.

TOWLE'S es HLORUDYNE Renowned for COUGHS. w Lwa UnoRoDYNE consumption, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S UHLORODY NE Asthma, rip Spasms' INFLURNZA, OWLE'S CHLORODYNE 24 doses tor 2s. fOWLH.'S UHLORODYNE ASK'FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

THE INNWESE AND MOST mmliqua DESIUHS IL GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN 601.41) AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKENPARS. SILVER RkTLESS LEVEE WATCHES, Specially Strong For Saco'boys and Working Men. £2 ba, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE HEADACHE AND SICKNESS, CURE INDIGESTION AND WIND CURE FLAJULENCE AND HEARTBURN. CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE. • DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE LOSS OF APPETITE. CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDERS OF THE B 00D, CURE LASSITUDE AND NERVOUSNESS.

DR.. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prep-,red only y W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR BLADE, LONDON. W. De not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other aledicine instead, but insist upon haying the right thing, which is wrapped in s. square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

rrHE But.corn Examine..., published Friday mora- _L ipg. It is the only Weekly Paper IA the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr HE Tridnos Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and rapidly becoming is important centre of industry. HE Warrington and Mi.l-Cheshire Examiner, pub Ilahed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXA.NIINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three BIN Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64

THE EXAMINER. MARCH 14TH 1902.

2/6 PE R LITUIDEAD )L QUART SCOTCH AND (BoTTLE IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/3, 2/-, 2/6,3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BRuS WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREEr, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) KENRICK, " THE " TAILOR, 16 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. FOR STYLE, FOR FIT, FOR REASONABLE CHARGES.

DRY FEET LEAD To lIIIALTH-116LLTH LEADS To HAPPINESS. YOU WILL HAVE ALL THREE IF YoU BUY YOUR 13 JOTS AND SHOES FROM A LF AYLOR, THE CASH BCOISIAN. 45, HORSEIIARKET ST RE e.l C,WAR EINaTON.

CIiICKETBSS ! BUsasY'S Demon Driver Bats are the grandest marls BusSEY'S New Match Balls retain their shape. and last longer than any others. Burairy's Leg Guards are exceptionaily good. BUSSEy's Batting 4:oyes arJ far superiorlto the usual class. SussEY'si Bags are made to wear. Buss's Diary and Companion is a Gem for 61. Apply for HUSSEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters ; 36 sad 33, Queen Vieroria-street, London. Factories Peckham. London ; and Blmswell, Suffolk. (3).

A ,L,HADllay.zawayritesps e: a—king Bencrer's Food' entirely saved baby's life. I had tried four well-known foods, but he could digest nothing, until we began the Betzgcr.' He is now rosy and ' and fattening rapidly!! 9 len s Food For Infants, Invalids, and the Aged THE LANCET describes it as : "Mr. Benger's admirable preparation." Ti-us delicious, highly nutri- tive, and most easily digested Food, is specially prepared for Infants, and for those adults whose digestive powers have been weakened by illness or advancing years. Benger's Food in tins of Chemists, 0.c., everywhere.

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. _ WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. --- Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. FIRST TBAM. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 19,11. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford away 6 2 21 Broughton Range as away 5 6 23 Runcorn home 10 3 Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 23 Halifax 30 St. Helens Dec. 7 Batley away 0 10 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield .. home 5 0 25 Leigh 26 Runcorn away 5 2 23 Widnes away 3 4 1902. Jan. 1 Br tdford home 8 19 4 Hull 11 Halifax . home 2 6 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home 5 10 Feb. 1 Salford borne postponed 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Whines home 0 0 26 Huddersfield Mar. 1 Salford 3 Hull . home 8 5 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 22 Cup Tie 28 Good Friday 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan ... away RUNCORN. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Ag at Sep. 7 Hull 14 Leigh 21 Halifax home 11 0 23 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hunslet 12 Oldham away 3 6 14 Brighouse Rangers ... ....... 19 St. Helens 25 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire 13 3 Dec. 7 Huddersfield 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cum. 14 0 21 Broughton Rangers home postponed 25 (Xmas Day) Whines away 7 12 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home ' 2 5 23 Salford home 6 2 1912. Jan. 1 Hull ' home 19 5 4 Broughton Rangers away 2 6 11 Wigan) home 8 5 18 Leigh . away 0 2 25 Hunslet away 13 7 , Feb. 8 Brighouse Rangers 11 (Shrove Tuesday) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradford 5 Oldham 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 22 Cup Tie LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION. __— WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1931. Points For Ag'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Homets home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Allnineharn home 28 0 Oct. 5 Morecambe . . away 7 0 . 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan 26 Birkenhead home 16 7 06 Lancashire N. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport sway 2 0 9 Barrow home 13 4 16 Altrincharn 23 30 Millom home 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Rovers 14 Lancaster home 29 5 21 Lancaster away postponed 25 (Christmas Day) Runcorn home 12 7 26 (Bank Holiday) 28 warriugton home 4 3 1902. Jan. 4 Hull Kingston Rovees 11 Barrow 11 Lanes, v. Cumberland, in Lanes. 19 3 18 Radcliffe home 40 0 25 Stockport Feb, 1 Rochdale Hornets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home postponed 23 War rington Mar. 1 Leigh 8 St Helens hone 2 3 15 Cup Tie. Askarn 22 Cup Tie 29 Cup Tie April 5 Cup 'tie 2 Millom away ST. HELENS. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. Points For Age t Sep. 7 Wigan 14 Lancaster hJrne 4 0 21 Whines home 2 5 28 Rochdale Hornets away 9 2 Oct. 5 Barrow home 3 7 12 Stockport away 0 3 19 Runcorn 26 Lancaster away 4 17 26 Lanes. v Cheshire, in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Radcliffe away 19 0 11 Warrington hame 9 17 16 Birkenhead away 5 0 23 Millom away 8 6 30 Warrington away 5 11 Dee. 7 Radcliffe . home 23 6 14 Barrow away 5 7 21 Morecambe 25 (ChriAmas Day) 26 Bank Holiday) Leigh 28 Wigan 1902. Jan. 1 Rochdale Hornets 4 Altrineham away 11 0 11 Hull Kingston Rovers 15 Stockport 25 Birkenhead Feb. 1 Altrincham home 35 0 8 Millom t 15 Birkenhead home postponed 22 Leigh. Mar. 1 Morecambe home 3 2 8 Widnes 15 22 Cup Tie, Hull Kingston R away •

Shocking Fatality near Warrington.—Haydock Man Killed on the Railway. On Sunday morning between six and seven o'clock a signalman found the body of John Greally Lime-street, Haydock, on the railway line. Life was extinct, the man apparently having been dead for several hours. The police were communicated with, and the body was removed to the Swan Inn, Winwick. There were several bruises on the man's body, the probable effect of having been caught by a passing train. Greally had been to Warrington on the previous night :and returned to Earlestown by the 10 30 p.m. train. He was after- wards seen in Earlestown with a friend, and it appeared as if Greally had set, out to walk to flay- dock under the impression that he was proceeding Along Messrs Ii Evans and Co's colliery railway, but he actually went War ringt on way along the London and Sorth-Western Railway, and was knocked down by a train, Deceased bad evidently been struck on the back and hurled some distance. After that, from marks on the permanent way, he seemed to have scrambled some distance and then died. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," at an inquest at Winwick on Tuesday. 410- A t Leeds Assfzes, Edward Stewart, 65. ticket-of-leave man, was sentenced to 14 years penal servitude for burplary. Prisoner had led a criminal life more or less for 35 years. FLORILINE I—FO I, THE TEETH LND BREATH.- - Thoroughy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevt.nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price is. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— ildrt VALUABLE DIRLICTERY FOR THE your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to It. original colour. Itttnakeathe hair charmingly beautiful, as weil as promoting the growth. Price 6d per bettle.— Ad sit. To Mor ItERA. —Mrs . Whit low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natured oniet steep, oy relieving the child from pain and the littib eherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all o',emiatt is 14,1 per bottle. -Advt. CLARKE'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 45. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland,goounties DrugOompany Advee.

SHOCKING DEATHS ()cow everyday through the neglect of Lumbago. Pens in the Back, Gravel, Kidney Disease, Sciatica, Rheu- matism. etc. These can be prevented and lives saved by Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Guaranteed to be a positive cure. Money returned it not satiified. Is. lid. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, Cleckheitton,York

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated?, Rook containing valuable Information how all Irregularities and obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means Recommended by cosine Physicians, as the only dee. Sure, and Genuine Remedy, Never fake. Thousands of testimonials. Mr P. BIANCHARD,IetaII Lane, London.

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT. into money.d s disused Manfavlslaedbleeestia3ndwvellmerygebnb ha:vweeblyi themb o tur turned o MESSRS R. D. & J. B. FRASER, LTD., PRINCES STREET, IPSWICH, 'ESTAB. 1833). Buy old false teeth. If you send your teeth to them they will remit you by return of post the utmost value ; or, if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth ovu for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs Mom It Co. Bankers, Ipswich. &AP.IOLa-sr-- EEL ,Failf6t Ladles., PILLS A FRENCH EMMA' SUPII.RaEDIRG BITTER APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, ,Fcc. Price 4s. ed. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON.

as Is wonderful water proefer for 8c BOOTS liAltll +I .. - . Sof Dales, - tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL ' 22 EXHIBITION HIGUPST AWA.,tDS. Dubli,;in Tins ad.. 6d., xi- do 216 of Boot Makers, Sa,,Pers, fronts:on rers e. Maascivstorr East Duhutch, m4„„4...

MERRY WEATHER ON FIRE PROTECTION AND WATER SUPPLY to COUNTRY HOUSES, &LC. Write for Illustrated Pamphlets. NERRYWEATHER & SONS, • 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, X.C.

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY MARCH 14, 190`z The Greatest of all Tonics.

1., , 4,, 4,.--_,. • 41. iialt:. C '''-'•-=`• r:-- .1. ' • `g.' •'§- ‘Or•i —.... re s . . -.... e.:•••=7.• -.4 .....- .... -......- .... -.-.....- . . * . • _ . . ... . . .. . .2, ....... . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . ............. . . . . . . . . . .... .... . ........ • : - --....-- ....... ......,--- . INE----..--- , ~. .... OP . ......_. ......,......- , . .

ROYAL COMMANDS. PHOSFERINR enjoys the distinguished honour of having been supplied by commands TO THE ROYAL FAMILY. H.I.M. The Emnress of Russia. H.I.M. The Grand Duchess Olga of Russia. H.M. The King of Greece. H.R.H. The Crown Princess of Roumania. H.M. The Queen of Roumania. H.I.M. The Grand Duchess Serge of Russia. H.I.M. The Dowager Empress of Russia. H.R.H. The Grand Duchess of Hesse. M.S.H.The Hereditary Princess of Leiningen. H.I.H. The Grand Duchess Zenia of Russia. And the principal Royalty and Aristocracy throughout the world. Phosferine is an unfailing remedy for Neuralgia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Brain-fag, Depression, Impoverished Blood, Rheumatism, Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza, Nervous Headaches, Debility, and all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. Proprietors: ASHTON & PARSONS, LIMITED, 17, Farringdon Road, London, E.C. Bottles, //ii, 2/9 & 4/6. Post free, I/3, ;I- & 4.19. Sold by all Chemists, Stores, Sic. The 24. 9d. size contains nearly four times the is. 11d. size.

•4 w. jLlti 0 CYCLES ARE THE FOR VEDY BEST. , ,(r., i all part. FREE LADIES e. GENTLEMEN. 13/4 WHEELS. mge Paid' CASH OR "P. 3 Ato ee uml ON Ilithly. PAYMENTS. i i 7 ss• 13/4 \ / I- ''-‘,,,.. , .E 7 15s• 14 2 ,:, .4 LS Ss. tsi- -49 ss. 176 ' i,s. , a i. OS. ~...:1! I is. 21f.) Write at once 'for NEw SEASON's LIST, over 100 pages, and over SOO illustrations, of JUNO Cycles and latest Cycling Accessories, at lower prices than any other house. Sent post fm, METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' Co., Ltd. (Dept. CAI 75, Alshopsyrte Street Without, London, C.C., . AND FLOCS-Du,. Cracna, LensDoN, W.

s IR Dgs CUSTARD POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable dietfor Invalids__being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

cAsk your grocer for ir SYMI NGTONS a tmenimatt coFFE E gmef 4 The Purest NCE The (heapesr Cin e' and the be. 511 ta 4-0 A CUP OR A GALLON CAN BE MADE AS REQUIRED. IMP SYM IN GTO N &C 9 EDINBURGH &LONDON.

DR, DE. ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over L,Pe*,worlo at tde mostoafetand opeedy remedy for Pains in the Rack, Gravel, LumbOgn, (lout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or Thee Deposits, Stone In the Bladder, Diecharges. az Diseases a the Kidneys and Urinary Organs genaranir. Msny complaints, supposed to be nervous. often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the word 'WALTER DE POOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of her Majesty's Ana. Commissioners, Price Is. lid. and 23. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post tree front Proprietor, iiolford House. Holford-souare, vom.

THE NEW FRENC H;RBILEDT. I H ERA PION . This successful and highly popular remedy, as em- p toyed 1,, the Continental Hospitals 1)3 Iticord ffostan,Jobert, Velpeau, mid others. surpasses everything hitherto employed tor impurity of the blood, ',pots, blotches, pains and swell- ings of the joint. 4idnej,-. bladder, and urinary diseases, stricture, discharges. piles, gravel, pains lu the bitek, rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness. nervous and physical exlians- tiou, etc. ttherapion is prepared in thice different forms Nos. 1,2, and 3 neording to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stern:veil addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HoLVORD-SQUABE, LtNZOI, , W.O

.'•: . . DON'T COUCH USE KEATING'S LOZENGES ,FOR YOUR COUCH.' . .. .... :,.. A• • • ANT DOCTOR WILL TELL YOU, "there ~ la no better Cough INiethmne."—One gives , , .' relief: it you suffer from cough try thorn but once; they wi.Zl cure, and they .41 not injure your health;.an increasin4 we or over BO years to a certain test at their value. Sold in 181 d. tins. , , :1"',^,,e4 qiitriter;deli- '

'tfil.tt:..lij.Ey's :-.• - ~!....(r ~lAR-Z.;., ..,....,. ..ckt.cLas...).:.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND P TowLE,s P E sY TR Ell EY LA L Pi' • • FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREOULARITIEs, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS. AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVKLENT HITLI THE SEX. Boxes, &29 (contains three times the quantity), of alt Chemists. gent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. 'T. TOWL'E 00., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, injurious and worthless.

Ladies . . • . Figure . • . • Prominently . . among the imost graceful, when wearing the , ~ f.,• 41c,, '"r; Fart ',- • ,a , _ . . . NI _.,,0,ziz,--...,_,,i,:_ . : ,i-ii- '. Patent iik ti; ' ,Side-Spring -- 4 it....' , 014:-_44.19---, SET ( .........,u,,,,..7'"" .' sommlimooll ' Beautiful in Conatmetion. ' Unrivalled in Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give as undue pressure, but yield to the movements of the body, and the side supports are unbreakable. Modelled in dinerent ,aurpes to suit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prices. 3/li, 5/ey 0/110 and 10/6. Obtainable from the princi(kl -Drapers and Ladies' dottit tore. but if any difficulty in pro ring, write for nestle id Dearest agent. . In.rist an limping' tlsej.B. Side-S,rint Corset—The Best IMPWITANT.—The wear of every J. B. Corset is absolutely guarauteed by the 001.0 NIANUFACTRRER, J. S. 1311...FLIJET, Creat Ancoato Street, MANCHESTER.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildiag a Spactakity. Largest St4sk of Mouldings in the Kingdom. send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, tiaorooghly revised and inalarge4 to 160 pages. JUST PUBLISHEU. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for in Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application. MORELL, 17 aqd 18 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDO.NI W.C, Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : Rabbitry, London."

INSTANT RELIEF, ' INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT. AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADIqI'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ONE BOTTLE CURED ii IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE. 58, Northumberland-street, North-street, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Belton. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901. Sir,—l have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in ray feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed, cured me. I have not taken any for two years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when! was taken with it again in the arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my frieuds.—Yours sincerely.' two hours all pain was gone. I have reeommended them to ,M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly ROBERT A. HARDIE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS - EADE'S GOUTEPILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, le lid. and 2s 93.. or sent Soldieverywhere in Bottles, Is lid. and 2s. 93., or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P. o. by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have been hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit team the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be teo highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes 3n further to say: "It le the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to right,snd we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the publk generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrota's, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blase Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvelous. It is the only real swill° for Gout and Rheumatic Paine. tor it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lle. each of all Qbemlets. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro prietore. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND 00IINTIES DRI3!G COMPANY sHCOLN. Beware et worthless imitietions

TUE WAIST OVAILE DP MAKES SBA RO UNION MR NEW. rJjE GREATei BOON ever o (ered to the Laund/ess bu imparting an Ivory finish t a Starched Linen, Laces, etc. & does not stick to spider- web - like materials. Once tried always wanted. Used In the Ro ya 1 Laundries. Should be used Su bouse. , Sold by most by StarebC.iollers in Packets, at and 6d. Prepared only T. CorrenLEY, Blaeirburn.

9 .. '4'if xjp 4 ) '- . • . fk if .0.4. • : , ' k‘4"ss ,i; '..:.,c*• ::.,,, 0 A- , \ . 4 OlNar:s•ENarti CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

MANLY MEN Why suffer; from pains and misery caused by Nervousness Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send fo my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud ovaranteet genui "I cannot find words to express ow b.u. am. need to think I never would gec cure I. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I amid have saved many pounds.—G.F "I nave carnt-d out your instructions, and am new Pe, ' fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.Q. Sendat once and be cured. 12„Years Continuous Succeee

"pREmIER"CYCLES SPECIALITY—H ELICAL TUBE. Premier in name arfarr,izieerui,i,,,mi ttt,i,,,t ever since eyries ntscripthro List Fres! Easy Terms:: wORKB—COVENTRY.

, WATCH & CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. --- - , ' Boys syd Girls ma get a NICKEL- 1, PLATED WATCH. 030 a Gmulisuid . • CHARM, forsellingl4 doseapaolcMs of ' 411:‘ DWINE at Plve,pence each. Send your ' full address inaudlng name of County, &'°!' by return mail, and we win forward the Milne .",r; I post paid, and a large premium, Est. No money requared. 13/.1.11140Ce. (Department F 1). 241, Gipsy Road, West Plortirood,London,S.M.

YEARE 7 :PROVE i %.., ti 4 I CA'CY; ; I, ''- ' •.. k-TAKI,-,.._ -,s_. .. , , •,7 • 6 ‘a-. . , 64 . •:: 'rt. A) t: Ofik.". ......., „• , \ .1, _,A,...! -,,...,r,-„,......, .._,,,... ! , _..-,,,,Aii,.,.- _.. , - • ..„,•,1 ,op 3 .7-41,-,77:-,ite lona ~,Arir it.,„ ,a j 5 001/ 'ff.lll st , `7''..,. .., S ..•.! ... ~,..„,,,. . of , •<.,. !.' "41' ' tt, , fi,' ..i.l ...•. ;,, i 4; . &MO' ' • re5.7.31:7,0:: , :,. ~:z ~ 1 ' -:„0,4 ,b • ,•-:a:, 41,011aii.'aikcnotm5 ALL CliEMis 5 it' !! t t ! ,', lk,:,*_•w--, • SUCll:tlibiai git) MIN a INC (01.0/013- i ... •. - li .1 1 UN CATHARTICUM PILLS. •••• •••• •••• I FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS, , SIGKrtEADAGNES, BILIOUS DERANGEMENTS. &C f -3, AN ACRE EAB LE 'APERIENT. : -KAY§ TIC PILLS- CURE FAGEACHE 8 NEURALGIA. VERY SERVICEABLE IN NERVE COMPLAINTS, • --- AVOID // 74 TYONSI AoULINE •:. I i 41:ttlEfiT, FOR ALL BROKEtt ARTICLES, il '.MANUFACTORY STOCK 99..12T. Et'-." . , •

, FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, GOLF, RUNNING, and ari .5130F1T1N6 REQUIVITES may be obtained of .. dalt ' .m4l fa Woi liiirwaltkiliVE .* '.• ' 4.. A ..... 1717230111 The Cheapest, Best, and Most Liberal House in tho Trade. LTD, - THE "REFEREE" 10/6 ;.„,,.. 10/6 (All 1 gu....1 / '' ,il, • cr)s3 I " . 6/3 '''',.:‘;?-r.F.r,.. ' r.,•37,1 4*, • , , .„„L'e;,,,,14.77:, - ."-''''s +,,, :.• ;.',l.- , 4 . , 'fii"^3".P.,P.• ' ,•/-."''' , . -i.',,, . 0 . • Aiso ,r,,,e,.:;-.7r.rebre7, ' Also t tit Also 'fun' i n n.ciii;'_ Also tz w: ,i...,:!,.. . - i.a Lulu: , I. ;,.t ii I ili Li..)V114,t. . ~t. - 0 0 - ... nr''v - - • '"Cit''. '.. - ''' RU'liV —lld ..' j V,' 7....; ~,%!: ',,' -„ a., 6,1 I 4, Rugby ~- - - ~:-.* Rugby c i. 1 61'. ' 0 •-• \,_. :i......, ,-- , - : _iv/ 144 t " F..\'. w, - CH irwAli-zil c.,.., ti.- ~,,,,,,,..,. v,,,t. •lo No. 0 1. Strong linen canvas. cane- A strong serviceable I,all, ,o'clit cow-hirlc 4 PerfeCk in shape. Welted seams. protected. with continuous hand-sewn easel, complete wiiii hest ruhl•ei Waterproof. . scraps and buckles —aid. bladder. 11. Leather . ... No. size ... ... 410 INo (match size) 6'3 8 Every section stretched. and 3. Leather, lined cbmnois ... 173 . 4 „ ... ... 5731 „ t..) hammered. 4. Tan Cape. lined chamois 23 Postage 4d. in each case. abs and Ankle Guards, from 21- 0 Price 106 post free. Posaget.q. For other qualities see lo.t. 0 • 0 0 COAL NETS. (BRODIE'S PATENT.) v HOCKEY STICKS. 10 0 The . 44.0.r':'',•`1.rei'''.'1.'isleP17: E .- ---; "GAmKicble. K" . ' • -' ' , aw-' 1 . ‘4, Plia k, , Ensures a . 1... Itegit'ation Ash. tlf "fe boundlrh handlc.ail ~.., ~., ..„ b . 0 Who kicking. -, . 4,. _ , •ii 4,. -. Bri,NYTI 0 t 2 • \ , , It 7.5 Calf, Strong Hemp, steam tarred, wood pegs ... ars- . , e, 0 J% 31c n's. 8 D ,11 am ,ltilln,aveg,s and creel rope ... ... 351- 0 \. \ .uth,', 711 Very stout Hemp cord, steam tarred, with Best Ash all .‘„ (*pi 0 0r,,,.. \ • Best quality . wood pegs ... ... ... ... .. ... 431- cane handle, ' e -3. , &. to-dcr, Ditto. with iron pegs and steel rope ... ... 451- bound and ' 1273 Special cheap line, with ash pegs and strong polished,. eikini I I ' . ----N, ~e, som.-17 Lenin ad lines ... ... •.. ... ... sir- to any club in the ' t:\\,..........., •••••_..------r- Chrome. —.. C waterproof.. Mere, 6,6, Leather Earni '4.3,is 8 71market,all weight, kslirwo:e Price, 413 •ge ad. Do., with cork grip ... ... ... e e 1003. 125, icootball lircal a ~,. , Do., cque :old r01.',, 1.,111•De, Sll "I:NIWE.:SA..„' Boundary Sac r.,fasrtrilaie I The Damage's GbamPion " 73 31,14, 5 11: Boys'. 411 ext 7.. , I Bent Ash ... ... ... 41d. ... 3k ligii,. Football t, Bras' " tortra Stollti —7- , 111 SITIVio E,iCk,l:l. 0 "17) 0 6./ 0 0 ~ - ' 8 ~ ,--. ,- 0, R; • .'...-:- 3 2,6 WS r., - ,airemi vir...:.,. -. . • ,7.: . Whitc.3 0: 1: • ~ 71, I ,':',..; Oilier .1,...r,.- • , id (unlett 0th.......,..... stated ~ 6

-7,3,=,;-•___'-- , ttt -- r , (*- • i ,7,:. 714-1,1) ~\. \ / ' MR. R C. GRIF FIN,

FOE 14 I RST-CLASS PaIVATEr DENTISTRY. TEETB.. A _opointmencs uannneacneguy,lbut may be TEETH. All consultations free. r Each patient in:ormed beforehand the cost pETH. work required, TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mo4erete charge& TEETH. An 31.1)., also Lady AttendancL . TEETH. Extraction jf)tnroatisshori)txhicirteo by the TEETEL maker to Dentists of I.:',;:aigallons weekly. Excre. of the late J. IL PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Exat MR. MADDISO'N ATTENDS ST. HELENS ~,______GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.00 a.m. to 6 WARRINGTON -- SANKEY-STREE2 WEDNESDAY, S to 5. —3l. BRIDGE-STREIfa 7',IURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH-18, API'LEMAREET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

FRIARS GREEN, Warringtoa Opt stte Arpley Station, Also at MANCHESTIiaI-ROAD, (late Resenhigifs.; S. T. WARD AND Co, 310N1J1ENTAL KUL VTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Erc„ makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fouts, Headstones in GraMte, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY,
