===== 0002601_19020404_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
GLA DSTONE BAGS 2Ain.

22in;

COWHIDE l7/11 18/11 131IST COWHIDB • 25/6 28/6 EXTRA STRONG A STUDIED

===== 0002601_19020404_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BERESFORD'S,

MANUFACTURERS 775 CHUROH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

I

===== 0002601_19020404_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
GUINEA GOLD

WEDDING RINGS.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be inspected and Estimates obtained at EXAMINER OFFICE,

REWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON'

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL ESIBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
, ~ , ~... 4 . ..;_, 0 . 1 . t 1.. 1 ' . .4 . t (.." , , Abut , 1.16-‘..--, ..__... ... Ai' 'l/4), 41Ih f.' :,i,•.' 'f.„i', , ~,,,.. ,; '.; , ),,, 1 y.,- . vi,„ ," iii ,:,: -,c: 1 :'. :- , i : ~. 1 ''' NIP ' ' i• ; - 1 .7••• g t ,

ONI PENNY,

FRIDAY, APRIL 4 1902.

FAST BLUE

SERGE SUITS

TO MEASURE

AT 30S.

GEO. WRIGHT & SON, LTD., Are one of the oldest Firms of Dyers in the Kingdom. . being established in MANORRSTRR 1835. LIVRRPOOL 1825. LONDON 1790. PRIOR LISTS AND ALL INFORMATION CAN BB HAD BY APPLYING TO OUR BRANCH OFFICE, 395, HOESEMARKET STREET Goods left with our Agent. Arthur Davidson. 61. Bed g meet. (late Lowe and Laithwaite) will receive prom p t ention and be char god the same prices al at our Branch .

y Posr }ls 7%d per Quarter, 6s 6cl per annum B zi 9d per Quarter cred.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1199

WEDDING RINGS.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CItiARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF W3l. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREnT, MANOHBSTHII Bstabliebed 68 Years

===== 0002601_19020404_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WEBSTER'S PIER CAFE & RESTAURANT, 13, 15, & 24, VICTORIA-ROAD. (Near the Pie • Where terms can be arranged to suit all classes. PRIVATE APARTMENTS. Schools, parties, Factories _(large or small) specially

catered for. Write at once or Terms.

W. HOD:MUNSON, LIMITED,

WILL DIAKR THEIR SPECIAL SHOW OF SPRING AND SUMMER FASHIONS,

TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY

NEXT.

34, 46 & 48, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19020404_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DOMING AIDS BEAUTY SO MUCH AS BEAUTIFUL TERM. NEW, DAINTY,

ARTIFICIAL TEETH,

FIT FOR A DUCHESS. 38. TO 21i. EACH. 30s. To TEN GUINEAS PER SET, UPPER OR LOWER.

MR. W. JONES,

DENTAL SURGEON, 13, PARKER STREET, NETWEEN CHURCH-STREET, AND 87. JOHNS MARKET,

LIVERPOOL. ADVICE FIBE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIMN

_ - - DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary , but may arranged_ TEETH An oonsultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Intern. )d bet oretand of work required. TEETH. Gold and other 111 Hags at moderate charges. TEETH. An N.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the of Nitrous Wide, TEETH. Maker to Deutiscs of 10,000 weekly. axon, of the late

J. H. PARKINS

(Dsnirr sr lixAx.)

MANCHESTER- - - ... -46, MOSLEY-S'TREE T

(Telephone 1890),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS -. 7'4" _GEORGE-STREET MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.tn. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WARRINGTON ..._,,,,% SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN —...—...-31, BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

NORTHWICII— 18, APPLRMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OR OBTAIN MORTGAGE, ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM

WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ontv.

------- D EVRRSION.—Good price Riven for Reversions, Life IL Incomes, Annuities, Mortgages arranged.—on, 6. Panton-street, London, 8 W.

£150,000 en Mortgage rmt g3ittePeotr cent°Lot boar ALI mv adnilnd sums to suit borrowers, In any part of the country.—J W EsAnart, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182

MOHRY.—RIO To Rsoo.—Money.—Cash advanced to all respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen. Shop— keepers, and to all classes worthy of credit, in sums varying from

£lO, £l5, £2O, £3O, £4O, £5O, and upwards on written promise to repay, with or without sureties. To be repaid by Weekly, Fortnightly, or Monthly Instalments, Distance no object. Letters promptly attended to. Apply personally or by letter to the CROWN ADVANCH CO., 6, Brown-street, Market-street, Manchester.

ESTABLIaRED 1875. 210 to £.1,000 Immediately advanced on BOTH OF HAND ALONS. LOW INIRREST. BASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lishedlis proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condusted my business. Distance no Object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2, RING-STRIDIT, HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STRERf. CHESTER.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. ESTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COM- PANIES. AcTs 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,030. LOANS OF £5 TO £5lO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Also upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Scrip, Policies of Assurance, Ac. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO TOR NIANAOHR.

£5, £7, la% £:11, £3O, £SIJ, £lOO. A D'VANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- La.. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- &tie Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. 00WEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

MONEY TO BE LENT FROM £5 TO £l,OOO. LONDON & PROVINCIAL LOAN CO., REGISTREED OFFICE 46a, MARKET STREET MANCHESTER. THE ABOVE COMPANY IS PREP./LED TO advance Loans to respectable householders, shopkeepers and others on reason- able terms.

PAYABLE BY WEEKLY MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY INSTALMENTS.

:AL eitJ X OF

&AthN.

MR. W OOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROOK STREET), CHESTER.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Advance

Cash in Sums from

X 5 To £5OO

To all respectable Householders, Farmers, Cow Keepers, and all others ; any distance ; to be repaid by easy payments to suit borrowers' convenience. Having done budineas in tbis district for 10 years. which is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conducted. Call or write for prospectus. wbicb Is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the borrower's own residence, thus saving [be trouble of a journey. No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Flom £lO upwards—and payable by Instalment a may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY,

And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES.

The undersigned has been established since IVO, and has always ooadneted his business UNDER HIS OWN NAME. He has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has reeelved MANIC HUNDREDS OF LETTERS OF AP PRE CI ATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus, terms for Advance., or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE,

ACCOUNTANT,

COUNTY PALATINB BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE READ OFFICE .- 20, KENNEDY-STREET, MANCHESTER

COMMERCIAL PRINTING

PAPER RULING,

AND BOOKBINDING.

WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

AT THE

L'eXAMINEIi PRINTING TOR KS°

===== 0002601_19020404_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
.11cDO UG PATENT SELF-RAISIN 6 FLOU HIZERERN

WOMEN'S CHAT.

Two of the London hospitals will greatly benefit by the Coronation, as they are favourably situated for letting seats te sighteeers.—At the Westminster Hospital facing the entrance to the Abbey, a stand will be erected to accommodate 2,000 people, and as some of the seats will let for £2O or £25, the hospital coffers ought to overflow. !St George's Hospital is also favourablylsituated at Hyde Park corner for viewing the procession on bath days,and this institution expects to make £7,000 outlof the sale of its seats. The members of the staff will be given one seat each for one day, and for the rest from three to twenty guineas will be charged according to position. There is, as yet, very little evidence of a great demand for seats, but they will probably readily let at the hospitals, as those who pay high prices for the seats will have the satisfaction of knowing that their contributions go to a good cause, instead of into the hands of greedy epeaulators. M. Santos-Dumont has announced his intention of snaking an aerial flight round the dome of St Paul's, on Coronation Day. The famous aeronaut hagarrived with his alrship, and should nothing interfere with his plans. the performance will rival the attractioos of the Corona- tion itself. London has not yet seen anything so interesting as a navigable airship, though now that M. Santos-Dumont proposes to conduct his experiments in this country,we may hope to see something of it. There is some talk of a flight from London to Birmingham,but it is more particularly in London that the people would turn out in their millions to give M. Santos-Dumont a welcome. The King and Queen have finally given up Marl- borough Houee,and will reside in futur,e at Buckingham Palace when in London. Marlborough House, which was formerly the residence of Princess Charlotte and Queen Adelaide, was settled upon the King on his corn- ing of age, and it is not without many regrets that the Queen has left what has been the home of her married life. It wet on the 6th of March 1863, that the fair young princess made her triumphal entry into London, and during the forty years that have nearly elapsed, Her Majesty became muoki attached to Marlborough House. The mansion was full of her most cherished personal effects, and beloegia-s, most of which have now been removed to Buckingham Palace. The gardens at Buckingham Palace go far to redeem the blunders and shortcemings of its architects, for nothing could ever make the building beautiful in itself. Moreover, they are of an extent of which few who have never enjoyed the privilege of visiting them are likely to form an accurate ides. Altogether the richly diversified grouods entend to over forty acres, and contain many noble trees, relics of the old Arlington gardens, when there was not a house between Piccadilly and the village of Kensington. The lake covers several acres, and is also very picturesque with its swans and waterfowl. Th. crnamental water has been redraincd, whilst the ravilions and summer-houses have been re-decorated, end the art of the gardener has done much to improve the handsome pleasure grcunde. Riches seldom make people genercue, and it is often paid that the poor give more freely than the wealthy. An illustration of this was recently afforded at the open- ing of an exhibition of pictures in the east end of London at which Lord Crewe was present. These exhibitions, which are intended for the elevation of the pocrer clause, are supported by voluntary gifts, mainly by the a entire of the hardworking people who come to see the pictures. There is however usually a ceremonial open- ing and en this particular occasion, some three or four hundred people, chiefly from the wealthy districts of London, were invited to meet Lord Crewe. Pfore they left. Canon Barrett made a special appeal for the assist- sleet of the well-to-doe in such useful works, but the total amount given,so it is said,was only thirty shillings, er less than one penny each. The London Flower Girl's Mission affords, en the ether hand, an excellent exa nip:a of what the poor may do for thenasalves. The Mission was started to help the poor girls who sold flamers and watercress in tho streets, a calling which seemed:to include an unusually large proportien of cripples. For these, however, the Mission started artificial flower-making, which hoe now developed ioto an organised industry, affording an excel- lent means of livelihood to a large number of girls, who would otherwise lie at a great disadvantage for a means of earning a Haim The exhibition of artificial flowers, which the Duke of Argyll recently opened at Glasgow, was the work of these girl., and it is hoped to found a similar institution in that city. A new type of artificial flowers has appeared, and is in'high fanour. These flowers which usually take the form of roses—but more closely resemble rosettes—are composed of panne and cirCpe, or chiffon and silk, touched with paint, embroidery or jewellery. One and all have a dew drop in the beart. For trimming gowna, and evening wraps, these flowers ly) are in great request, they even appear in the hair, and on dainty evening shoes. Considering the truly exquisite imita- tions of Nature which are now offered us, it is a little curious that we should turn aside from these, and, in their place, take up this aceeventional form of trimml/4ag, which from an artistic point of view leaves much to bs deSined. Our old frieud the mailer hat has appewerl again, but under a somewhat new guise, vi., the brim turned up all round. 'lbis particular form oeheadgear boasts little in the way rf oinamentation, a silk scarf drawn round the Crown and arranged in a moderate siz'd bow in front being the meat desirable horn the leading milliners' standpoint. The sailor hat as we have long known it, with straight brim and plain ribbon band, will not be worn by women who drees well. It is the hat of the multitude, a stare of affairs net acceptable to smart wcmen. 'lna same will soon have to be said of the full-pouched Russian coate. Almost every other woman one meets, when taking one'a walks abroad, is wearing a garment of Ws descr pt,cn. and the day is fast approaching when the fashionable modiste will tutu from this too- greatly appreciated model to another less well-known The time and labour expended in building these coatees must be enormous, judging by the quantity and diver- sity of the ' rimmings that adeen the.m. and the effect nine times c.. 0 of tea is neither artistic or refined. • plain neat toilet nowadays is positively restitil but there is letle hope that the great majority of women will indulge in anything of the kind this side of the Coronation. Either plain or spotted muslin curtains are preferred this spring both for reception and bedrooms. These are of course. The home-worker however, must remember that, her fr;ll* must not be too full—a ens- tomary, fault—ow too wide. The frills should fell grane- fnlly, and lightly, when the curtain is dtaped. For Casement curtsies taselara silk is still being used, but the edging in the case ot the best id of lace, tassels be- ing somewhat too port xer. A work we shall de well to thoughtiullv and carefully prose is Miss Lilian Whiting's " The World Beautiful in Cooks " (Sampson, Low, Marsten and Co., 59). In these days when cheap trashy novels a.e being poured Into the marker, such a work as Miss Whiting has given us Is invaluable, for et leads our thoughts back to great "valiters and thitikers whom, alas, are an far leiw remembered Una they r bould he, It will moreover fill t with a desiie to sead,and read carefully, their works, which percha ace we have hithe:so felt little or no in- clination to take ug.

MADGE.

Mies Stone, the Atnerican missiocary who W 39 eau- u red by brigands, arrived in LuudoL. co Tuesday from Bournemouth, auct took up ber rebiatl:ce with fr:encli at Torongton-stinare, Bloomsbury. ViiPIM

===== 0002601_19020404_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUSTRATED FASHIONS.

- Each succeeding week now brings With some novelty in the world of dress, and there is more of interest consequently to chronicle in the annals of dress and fashion. The shop windows are full of fascinating goods of every imaginable kind, and the colours this season are, if possible, more alluring and delicately beautiful than ever. Everything in dress tends towards a harmonious blending of shades, and though several tones may be employed in the construction of one toilette, they are all in ac- cord. Violent contrasts are considered democi, by the followers of Madame la Mode at present, and the dress, hat, gloves, and even shoes in some instances are all in unison. One cannot help being struck with the fact of how much is done now-a-days to assist the home worker in the construction of her toilettes. Skirts of the latest cut, tucked, braided or embroidered can be obtained at prices ranging from £1 to any number of guineas, with or without material for the bodice. Thete require only to be lined and set into a waist band. Lengths of silk of different colours and qualities are also sold ready tucked and veined all complete for making up into smart shirt blouses. These are invaluable aids to the amateur worker, who invariably finds great difficulty in keeping the tucks even and at regular distances from each other. One is

SMART BLOUSE. -SO apt to go astray in cutting a material which has to be tucked, as it is no easy matter to calculate the exact quantity which must be allowed. The smart blouse depicted is made in the latest style, and while 'showing tome tiny tucks is also trimmed with bands of ecru lace, the same lace forming the semi-transparent neckband and cuffs. The material employed is of a delicate green tint. A pretty and useful, material for blouses is taffetas, which has stripes of embroidered net or lace inserted at intervals of two to three inches. Then hats or toques nowadays are made of such fanciful materials that they require little trimming, and what they do have can be bought, whether it be ribbon or flowers, ready to be sewn on.

Ribbons still play an important part tin the scheme of dress, and the patterns and colourings of the newest ribbons form an endless variety. One very pretty kind is patterned with silk woven roses and foliage on a sort of lace back- ground, while many are rendered exceedingly rich looking by a gold or silver thread running through the whole of the weaSingl

- , .For evening wear both thewfirst. and second Empire modes seem to take [precedence, and are generally becoming. The fpretty tea gown Illustrated is of soft greyish blue crêpe de chime, lined with pale pink silk, the softly falling draperies being caught up at one side of the figure above the waist. The collar land yoke are of p.ale pink satin encrusted with medallions of finelace, the loose sleeves, which come only a short distance below the elbow, [having an edging in the form of a band of the same lace appliquéd satin. This fancy for draping loose

4. . • '; 4•:. 0 - ', •• ..:,:,;, ••••° ...4., . ! ak , . A 010441/4\ le 411 k. IN‘III /:...' _ .---.7" •<:; I. I . •-•,..."'"?`, - - ~ \ . ' 411--‘ ,/ ii • ' . `,`e4,.. , \- \ _ , . A

it -, 4 elm-0 r I i.l I, ' . ° - , - i'• ( ,A. i t ')3 - - .Itamenic - ,7,,,,,,../ • 4,, 11.,0, 44v,, • 1 1/4.,„„,t ..,,... • • :0 "? . Ot v., \I ------' ~ -

===== 0002601_19020404_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY TEA GOWN.

folds across the figure is much in vogue, and some of the smartest opera cloalo for debutantes this season are distinguished by this feature. But, indeed, the styles ,for evening as for day wear are innumerable.

The newest sleeves, if so they can be called, consist for the most part of merely a shoulder strap of velvet or flowers with a bouffant drapery of tulle or chiffon falling from the shoulder strap, leaving the top of the arm bare. Another charming variety has a series of points of lace which meet at intervals down the outer part of the arm, the points being held together by small jewelled buckles and tiny knots of black velvet ribbon. One of the most chic modes for a black dinner gown consists of a sort of trellis work of sequined or beaded trimming sewed on to narrow black velvet ribbon, the arm showing through the interstices. This Mode was em. ployed with happy 'effect on a white, richly brocaded gown, the sleeves being made of pearl embroidery. The somewhat hard effect was softened by a slight drapery of tulle. Its charms are set forth in my sketch. Point d'eBprit is a delightful material, and much in request for

===== 0002601_19020404_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE LATEST SLEEVE.

evening blouses or toilettes, while a wise meshed variety with an applique pattern of black velvet ribbon worked in a bold design is much in vogue. For young girls soft, thin materials of delicate texture such as erg-pe de claine or mousseline de mie are considered correct. One of the most notable characteristics of ;the novelties in dress fabrics is their lightness and suppleness. Of these, perhaps, silk voile is the most admirable, as it hangs in soft folds and can be obteined in charming designs either shot with different colours or checked. The linens too, which are offered for our wear later on are also a great improvement on the old varieties, arid are silky in texture and very glossy and handsome looking. These fare woven for the most part with fancy borderings, which are employed for trimming the bodices or- as strap pings or edgings, Some pin spotted deeigne. also very mart and will be ulna worn. GNl:rant,

,;11h • : 44, - Itc ' • . .• .•• - • to • 7:°;> '"' itlitite`t; ; \l/4

4tve

===== 0002601_19020404_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRID Y APRIL 4 1902

LALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE BARON'S CHOICE,.

ALICE ISAACSON (Author of "After Ten rears," 4'e.)

Cusrraa IX. 1 There is beauty in each season as it circles round the year, but perhaps the loveliest of all is early spring, when the earth awakes from her long win- ter's sleep, and clothes herself anew in robes of emerald, jewelled over with the sweet wild flowers that spring to life at every step. Up in the depths of the sombre pine-forests it is Etill gloomy and dark, but beyond their shade the larches are waving their tasselled fringes of tender green, the waxen spikes of the horse-chestnut blooms seem placed in readi- ness for a fairy illumination, the feathery catkins of the hazel-trees have shed their golden dust, and all the shrubs and bushes are bursting into perfect leaf; while from between the lichen- covered stones, and beneath the hedge-rows and along the shady banks, tiny ferns are showing their freala green arrowy fronds, young brackens uncoil their crisp brown rings, sweet violets shed their perfume around., yel- low cowslips an daffodils, wild anemones and the delicate wood-sorrel with its mystical trefoil leaves are carpeting the ground, and soft cushions of variegated moss of. the most exquisite shades of pink and red and green invite the weary passer-by to rest and dream the hours away. Down in the plain the vines have thrust out their curling tendrils an cling around the stems from which still dangle some of last year's withered leaves ' • all is stir and move- ment and life, the life of youth, of beauty and of love' the season of gladness and of hope, when all that is sad and dreary seems to fade from the memory and there is only a joyous looking-forward to brighter and happier days to come. On this glorious May morning, beneath the cherry- trees with their wealth of pure white blossoms we shall once more find Elsa Lorentz. She has just come out from the old verandah-shaded parsonage, and slowly sauntering along the garden paths' into the orchard beyond, is standing now, her golden hair uncovered, her blue eyes raised to where the sweet May sunshine filters through the green leaves -overhead. With her fair lovely face and graceful figure she is no unfitting emblem of the Goddess of Spring herself, as she gazes heavenwards, and for- getful of all around, dreamily watches the flight of a lark that is soaring higher and higher until it seems a mere speck in the wide ocean of blue, and the music of its song almost dies away; then there is a pause and a downward rush, and the bird flings out its wild sweet notes in fuller, richer cadence, until it sinks at last into its nest in the grassy meadow beyond the garden wall. More than three months have passed since that fatal day when the death-angel spread the shadow of his sable wings above Schloss Medemburg ; the spirits of the Brunnen-See have kept their secret well, and those who recall the stately Minna Von Tiircke as she swept from their midst in all the pride of her regal beauty may retain that fair and fascin- ating image undimmed by any ghastly after-thought of horror, for her body has never been recovered, and the mystery surrounding her tragic death must remain unsolved until the last great day when hidden things shall be brought to light, and the all-wise purposes of sin and sorrow and suffering shall be made plain. On the morrow of that awful tragedy Pastor Lorentz visited the Schloss. The fair-weather guests:to whom death and its surroundings were so uncongenial had hastily taken their departure, and after the gaiety and excitement of the past few weeks an ominous silence reigned. By the Baroness his kindly min- istrations and sympathetic words were welcomed, but the unhappy mother, in the utter abandonment of a hopeless grief, refused to be comforted. The interview was a painful one, but the pastor had an-. other duty to perform before returning home, and as he sought the young baron, with the rebellious lamentations of the miserable woman he had just left still ringing in his ears, there was a stern look on his face, the expression that those of his flock whose misdeeds called for reproof had learnt to dread. Conrad was in his own private sanctum, half study, half smoking-room. He had returned early that morning from the hunting-lodge, and weary and depressed, was restingin his arm-chair by the fire: but as the old man entered he sprang up to greet him with hands outstretched and a flush rose in his face, pale from the night's sad vigil. "My kind old friend, I might have been sure you would seek us in our trouble," he exclaimed, "does my mother know-that-you, .?e hem?" Then, as the pastor did not immediately reply, struck with sudden apprehension, he added eagerly—" You are not come to bring us more ill-tidings—tell me of Elsa, she has not suffered—she is well ?" Pastor Lorentz moved towards the fireplace but, declining the arm-chair that the Baron hastily drew forward, he remained standing, his hands clasped upon the top of his stout walking stick, his eyes bent gravely upon the young man's face. "I have already visited the Baroness, and have striven, as yet in vain, to comfort the stricken mother. For Elsa," his voice faltered a little,— "thank God she is well, though sorely' troubled in spirit, but,"—he paused for a moment, then with a change of tone, continued: "Baron von Medem, though it may seem inoppor- tune, there is one question I would fain ask you for the sake of my child's peace of mind—what closer bond was there between you and that unhappy girl other than the mere tie of relationship ?" Conrad looked up in surprise. "Between Minna and me do you mean ?—she was dear to me as a , sis- ter, nothing more,—it is strange, Herr Pastor, that you should ask me such a question now, for although this is no time to speak of love and marriage, I meant to have sought you out to-day, and told you how your little Elsa has won my heart, and that my whole life's happiness rests with her." As though he had not heard the remainder of the sentence the pastor repeated the words " has wonray heart it may be but a young man's fancy! —"Conrad" he continued, with a sudden change of tone, unconficiously using the more familiar name as in the old days when they were tutor and pupil, and laying his right hand on the young man's shoulder, Conrad, Elsa is the only child •of my`old age, the cherished treasure of my life, nay dearer to rim than life itself, and yet God knows I would rather lay her in her grave than that for love of her any man should be tempted to a dishonourable act. Until vester-eve no shadow of care had ever touched her that I could avert, no sorrow had dimmed her happiness, and pure and innocent as a new-born babe she has grown up in our quiet home knowing naught of passion or of strife; but now "—here the pastor's keen eyes rested searchingly on Conrad's face, and the low even tones of his voice were vibrant with emotion—" now I have left her writhing beneath the memory of cruel scathing words that may have been -prompted by causeless jealousy, or may have .been wrung from a wounded heart by a sense of bitter wrong. Your cousin accused her of having stolen your love away from her, the one thing in life she cared for, and vowed that she would rather see my Elsa dead than that she should live to be your wife: it was while speaking thus that, blinded by anger and heedless of da-rer around, she was hurried on to her fate. You alone can tell what ground there was for so wild an accusation, and whatever the future may bring, it behoves me for Elsa's consolation to learn the truth." Conrad for a moment stood silent, speechless with horror, yet half incredulous ;—Minna jealous of his love for Elsa; Minna, who was on the eve of betrothal to another, yet loving him with such reckless self-abandonment that she could utter those mad false words! Impossible—the very thought was profanation of the memory of the dead —and yet even as he rejected it, there rose the remembrance of cutting words and unkind looks, and half-veiled innuendoes' and though he recoiled as from some stunning blow,lhe knew instinctively that the pastor's story was true, and almost felt that by his very blindness and unconscious egotism he had become his cousin's murderer. Oh, if he had spoken boldly as became a man, sonic way out of the tangle might surely have been found, and Minna's wild unbridled passion have been turned into a purer, nobler channel. Some reflex of these thoughts served to deepen the light in his blue eyes that yet looked un- flinchingly into the pastor's face, and though his voice trembled slightly there was no shade of hesi- tation as he replied to the appealing look that met his own. "You have known me, Pastor Lorentz, from boy- hood, and you know that my lips have never, thank God, been stained by the utterance of a he, so you will believe me that there has not been one word of love spoken between my unhappy cousin and myself. Minna was about to be betrothed to a nobleman of great wealth and high position, and though I did not suppose she was deeply attached to him, I fancied her contented in her choice. As for my love for Elsa, it has grown so gradually, so imperceptibly that I cannot tell you when it first began, only I have never loved another woman, and whether she cares for me or no, at least none other will be my wife. But," he added, "I am still bewildered : can you tell me exactly what has passed between your daughter and yourself ?" Thus urged the pastor described the scene upon the ice, Minna Von Tiircke's passionate upbraiclings I and Elsa's wounded pride, adding nothing to the I tak,3 _but_aeeking rather tasters= the_miserahle_girl

frfiose jealous natiits andrife--long serf-indulgence had brought such bitter retribution. As he ended Consad Ton Medem turned away; leaning ha lei/ arm „ against the high carved oaken mantel-piece, he laid his face upon it, at the same tune • stretching out his right hand to his companion; the pastor took it in his own, and for some moments the two men stood in silence thus, their hands clasped in that strong firm grip that means so much of sym- pathy, and help, and friendly consolation and that with men takes the place of a woman's clinging embraces, her kisses and her tears. It was the old pastor who spoke first, and his words rang with stras ge. solemnity through the quiet room. 1 'Lord, what are we that we should judge another —forgive us our trespasses as we forgive them that trespass against us—Amen !" There was a breathless pause; then Conrad raised his head, and it was no shameto his manhood that tears glittered in his clear blue eyes. "Poor Minna, would I could have saved her—but this 'sad story'must lie between ourselves. I would not for the world increase her mother's grief. And. now you will advise the Herr Pastor what I ought to do. Can I not see Elea-to day ?—watild to heaven had spoken out before." "Nay my boy, this is surely, as ythryourself said, no time to speak of love. , There is 'much to be thought of first; what the world will say to 'such a, roarriage"—Conrad made an impatient gesture of dissent, but the old man continued calmly without heeding the interruption,—"and what are 'your gracious mother's wishes; but apart from these considerations it is impossible—Elsa is in no mood to listen to you now; the child is mourning in bitter self-reproach over her last words to the unhappy Minna, words that were wrung from her against her will may be, but that now she would give all in her power to recall. • I dare not say that I should not be proud and happy to, give my treasure into your keeping, but it othmot, must not, be until the shadow ef this great sorrow shall have passed away."

THE WOLVERHAMPTON' - EXHIBITION

A GENERAL VIEW OF THE' GREAT SHOW .TO BE HELD IN THE ANCIENT

MIDLAND TOWN THIS YEAR.

Poets" Ciler being veiled behind masses of timber. oyal blue will be one of the leading features in the colour scheme, and the decorations will be restrained in effect, so that they may be a suitable setting, but in no way detract from the brilliance of the central scene.

With the exception that the King's head occupies the medallion instead of that cf her late Majesty Queen Victoria, the design. of the new three-half- penny:twopenny, shilling, half-crown, five-shilling, ten-shilling and pound stamps, which are about to be issued, if some of them are not already on sale when these lines appear in print, is the familiar one that has appeared on these stamps for some years, and there is, moreover, no alteration in colour. ,The higher-priced stamps are rarely seen by the public, and .80 small is the demand for one of them the £5, that it has been discontinued. The three-halfpenny stamp remains the dull com- bination of brown and yellow, and the twopenny and shilling stamps are still brown and crimson, but the blending of the colours in the latter is much better than in the cheaper variety. The half-crown stamp is a deep mauve while the five.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTE'R X.

And so the conversation ended, as did Other con- versations later with no difforent result; Conrad would have sought an interview with Elsa after the lapse of a few days, but she steadfastly re- fused to see him. From that terrible moment when in the gathering dusk her feet had stood as it were upon the very brink of the valley of the shadow of death, a change had come over the young girl. Into her innocent light-hearted youth there flashed as never before a realisation of the mystery of sin, and as must always be with pure, unselfish souls, she suffered in double measure not only for the wrong done in thought against herself, but for the happy doer of that wrong; and to all Conrad's pleading messages she returned but one answer. ‘f, Father, tellhim to forget me, indeed it cannot be ; surely Minna would stand between us always if I dared to listen to his love."

Possibly the Baron might not so easily have been repulsed had not other claims just then pressed heavily upon his time and thoughts; Frau von Tiircke's uncontrolled grief caused those around to fear lest her reason should give way, and when change of scene and. climate was advised as a last recourse, the Baroness, drawn from her long sec- lusion by anxiety for her sister's health, announced her intention of accompanying her to Italy for the rest of the winter. As soon as the necessary arrange- ments could be. carried out, Schloss Medemburg was left to the care of servants under the watchful eyes of Fraulein Agnes, and Conrad von Medem travelled southwards with the two ladies and saw them settled in that sunny Florentine villa on the banks of the Arno where Minna and her mother had been accus- tomed to pass the winter months. It was his inten- tion afterwards to make a prolonged tour, but to Pastor Lorentz, who came to bid the travellers "God speed," he gave his farewell words for Elsa. "You will guard my darling well for me," he said, wringing the old man's hand," and tell her our parting is only for a time; when the spring comes back and the gloom of the winter is gone, I too shall return, and then, in the sweet promise of future joy, we will forget the sorrows of aat", past." • * * • • •

r.

Until the song of the lark died away, Elsa still kept her listening attitude with a wistful far-off ex- pression in her bine eyes; a passing breeze stirred and rustled the green leaves above her, and shook the white petals of the cherry-blossoms till they fell in a fragrant shower around and were caught in the meshes of her golden hair, and rested like drifting snow-flakes upon her dress. So absorbed was she in her thoughts that she did not hear the quick but noiseless approach of footsteps upon the short grass until they had almost reached her side, and then she turned with a sudden start to meet Conrad von "Acteclem'a eager, ardent gaze. As he saw the radiant- irrepressible joy that illumined her lovely face, dyeing the soft checks with a rosy flush, and deep- ening the curves of the tender mouth, there was no need to utter the question he had come to ask: her hands outstretched in, their glad welcome were im- prisoned in his owr., her slight figure drawn unre- sisting to his heart, and while her fair head drooped against his shoulder he whispered inlow impassioned tones:

" MyElsa, mine at last—ah, sweetheart, you can- not know how I have hungered for the sight of your dear face." For those first few moments of strange bewilder- ing rapture time and sense stood still: the very air seemed quivering in voiceless 'sympathy, the wild birds sang soft love-songs of their own. The May sun poured its radiant beams through the green can- opy above their heads in shimmering light and shade, and the white blossoms drifted around them like the filmy cloud of a bridal veil. But at length Conrad led the young girl to a ins- tic bench encircling one of the old trees near at hand, and seating himself by her side, said with a mischievous gleam in his eyes as they looked into her own.

___ ......... . "Have you nOthing to say to me, my little Elsa, after all these weary weeks of waiting? Do you know you have not told me yet if you love me." She raised her long lashes with a shy swift glance, but just then, as if some slumbering chord had been touched by, his words, a transient shadow crossed the sunshine of her face, and her sweet lips quivered painfully. "I do love you, Conrad, dearly "—she whispered, "but oh, are you quite sure that thisis right? I can- not forget poor Minna's words." The Baron's light tone changed. "My darling," he said earnestly, " it is morbidly sensitive to dwell upon the past; I had not meant to speak of this just now, but it is well perhaps to lay the spectre that has risen between us once and for all at rest. As you know, there was not the shadow of a truth in Minna's frenzied words, the evil she brought upon herself arose from her self-centred ima,,• a.tion ; and Believe me, my dearest, passion such a ers is as different as light from darkness to the ye, pure, deep and true, that draws our hearts toge her. Ws may mourn over her tragic death, though not as those without hope, while a merciful All-Father cares for his sinful creatures ; but for you and me life stretches out before us full of the glorious prom- ise of perfect happiness, in a mutual confidence and

Drawing her gently to him as he spoke, he bent his lips to hers, and in that long, tender kiss the last of Elsa's doubts and misgivings vanished out of sigli,t for ever. Again there was silence between them which von Modem broke at last. - -

"Come," he said, rising, "my mother will be weary of waiting to welcome her new daughter." Elsa looked tip started, "What, is the Baroness here ?" • " Yes, I left her with the good Frau Pastor while I came to seek you. You see;" he added with a smile " I could not tell what my welcome was to be. Three months ago you were so certain you could never love me, and—' a little hand laid lightly on his lips stopped further speech, and when it was promptly captured and held fast, he continued: "What, sweetheart, must I not find faurt then with mine own? So be it, let us talk of other things; you have not asked me yet about any of our friends. Fritz von Derendorf and Countess Falkenstein are to be married in the autumn, and—" "And Frau von Tiircke "interrupted Elsa eagerly. "and poor Count Hopstadt, what of them ?' "My aunt is slowly regaining health and spirits, though she will never be quite what she was be ; as for the Count he will never marry, but he is happier far in his shattered dream than he could ever have been in its realization, for it would have been a bitter awakening to find he was deceived." Slowly sauntering along the shady paths while talking thus, they had at length reached the corner of the old garden-wall overlooking the high road. Conrad stopped and turned to Elsa "Do you remember, dear," he said, "that bright June evening nearly a year ago' when I passed you standing just here with your two girl-friends? So earnest were you, so absorbed, I marvelled what the topic of your conversation was: you might have been three fair conspirators planning some secret treason against your fellow .men." Elsa looked up archly in his face, a dancing light shone in her blue eyes, a blush rose upon her cheeks as she answered with a musical ripple of laughter in her voice: "Would you really care to hear what we were discussing? I remember it allso well. It was no state secret ortreasonable plot, but just when you rode by, we had been wondering, at least Gederele an Frieda had, who was the favoured maid= wli& would be Baron von Ildedein's choice."

lellowing the excellent example of Glasgow, Wolverhampton is holding an Art and Industrial Exhibition this year, to be opened on May Day by H.ll. H. the Duke of.: Connaught who will be accompanied by the Duchess. It can hardly be said, however, that the 'Capital of the Black Country" borrowed the idea of an exhibition from the Scottish city, for long before the gates of the Belvingrove Show were opened,, Wolverhampton had decided upon a similar exposition, but the success which attended the northern enterprise has greatly encouraged the promoters, and helped materially to maintain the keen interest which the people of the Midlands hay all along manifested in the scheme. There seems little doubt but that their enthusiasm and enterprise will be adequately rewarded. Certainly they have every reason to feel well satisfied with the result of their efforts up to the present, for the available space for exhibits has been applied for twice over, and, as thg will be the most attractive and important exhibition held in England since the Manchester one thd necessary patronage of the public confidently may be relied upon when the time tomes for them to be admitted to the grounds. The main buildings, which have been designed by the architects Who planned the structures , which were, so much admired in Glasgow last year, are being erected in the West End, Park, and will occupy 127,215 square feet. They comprise an In- dustrial Hall, a Machinery Hall and a Cana- dian Pavilion, and in their design, precedent has practically, been Ignored, and an endeakour made to reflect artistically their contents and use. The three principal structures—and very hand- some and graceful they will be when comPleted— form a crescent facing the main aveuue and commanding the full extent of the beautiful Park. There will also be other buildings, such as restaurants, a concert hall, etc., covering an additional area of 20,980 square feet. • About thirty-two acres of ground have been enclosed for the purposes- of the Exhibition, and the total capital expenditure will be over £100,000,, the buildings alone costing half that sum. The entertainment of visitors, quite, apart from the exhibits, will be varied and ample, comprising high-class concerts, good music, a water chute, a spiral toboggan, an electric theatre, and a thousand and one - minor attractions. During the summer months some important athletic contests will be held in the grounds, and the inevitable Ping-Bong ,tburnament has not been overlooked.. The Exhibition • will be ready on the opening day—that seems certain—and then the inhabitants of the proud old town will be quite willing to leave the rest to the British public.

The announcement that Bugler Dunne, the little hero of Coleuso is, suffering from valdular diseage of the heart, and has been compelled in consequence to take his discharge from the army, has caused sincere regret. The gallant little fellow has many admirers, especially among lads of his own age, and his brave

conduct at the Tugela won him a host of friends and well wishers.

It is :very sad

that sueh a- pro-

raising career should be sud-

denlg cut short by illness, and

Dunne feels the

disappointment acutely, for the young soldier loves the Service, and is inimensely

popular with his comrades in the

y 1 Dublin Fusiliers. He was also a great

favourite -with other regiments

in the Dover barracks, where

he has been stationed since his return fron:i the front. When

BUG:

the other day he left the hospital THE ROT HERO OV COI.ENSO WHO KA§ on the Western BEEN INV./SIDED OUT OF THE ARMY. Heights, . where

he has been an inmate for two months, he received a great send-off. It is to be hoped that he will speedily gain strength. and that a successful career awaits him in another sphere of work, but an) Army has lost a useful member. • All over the Empire the loyal subjects of King Edward. are actively preparing to worthily cele- brate the Coronation of their devoted Sovereign next Jane, and in every city, town, and village this is the all. important topic of the day. On every hand there is the greatest enthusiasm. Throughout the United Kingdom, public meetings are being held to discuss all sorts of schemes for observing and commemorating the great occasion in a fitting manner, and in almost every case the various public bodies are taking a spirited lead and working with might and main to win suc- cess. In London, the Earl Marshal, the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Mayor, and hundreds of other high officials and willing assistants are strenuously directing their energies to com- pleting the arrangements for the, many great functions of that memorable week, includ- ing the colossal task ot dining half-a-million • of London's poor at the expense of his Majesty. The Admiralty is busy organising the Naval pageant off Portsmouth on Juke 28, and Lord Cranborne and the committee of which

DESIGNS OF NEW STAMPS WHICH HAVE BE APPROVED BY THE KING.

shilling is of an elaborate design, printed in vermilion on a white ground. The equivalent of half-a-sovereign is a pleasing blue, and the sovereign stamp has for a ground a pretty tint of green which is artistically picked out in white. Cannes is naturally greatly disappointed that the King has abandoned his projected visit to the Riviera, but that his Majesty has elected to spend his well-earned Easter holiday on boat d the Vietoiqa and Albert, in home waters, is a source of much satisfaction to the people of these islands, and especially ta the residents of those coast towns and watering - places which may pos- sibly be honoured with a flying call from the King's yacht during the cruise. While King Edward has been enjoying the rest and quiet afforded by the privacy of his yacht, the Queen has been spending a happy time in the land of her birth, and by the time their Majesties return to town, Buckingham Palace will be ready for their reception after the alterations and decorations which have been in progress for several months. Much of the King's persenal f twniture and luggage has now been removed from Marl- borough House to the Palace. The former is being prepared for the Prince of Wales, who will take up his residence there very shortly. The Prince tad Princess, whose personal effects are being

k c') , ffy- 4. / eiAtv "t/ •( ' -1- LEE DUNNE

===== 0002601_19020404_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTAiINSTER ABnJr

WHICH HAS EFEN CLOS hi) TO THE PUBLIC TO PREPAHR IT l'Olt TIIR cORONATIOX.` ' he is president are energetically arranging for the bonfires in ll parts, of the country, which I are sure to be a popular, icAturd of the Coronation celebrations, as they were of the Diamond Jubilee rejoltings. ,We4minster Abbey, the scene of the greatest Ceremony of all, was closed to the public,on Tuesday last, and already the work of tranifo;mation 'has begun. , Something like £lO,OOO worth of timber will be required for the construction of the seating accommodation, galleries' staircases and gangways, and it is expected that room will be found for seven thousand persons. ' Ths principal galleries are to be erected in the north and south transepts,

211. E "VICTORIA AND ALBERT ON BOARD WHICH THE RING IS SPENDING lIIS EASTER HOLIDAY.' •

brought from York House, will occupy the rooms hitherto used by the King and Queen, and the children and nurses will take possession of the old nurseries'in which the Prince and his sisters were brought up, and which now revert to -their Ismer use. • Amid the brilliant features of a season in every respect exceptional, the Opera muSt needs hold its pride of place, and this it certainly looks like doing to judge from the arrangements which Mr. Andre Messager has already made. Apart from Royalty the list of subscribers is an imposing one, and the demand for boxes and stalls is more than the management are likely to be able to meet. As re- gards the artistic prospects of the season, Mr. Andre Messager, wisely enough, has not considered the present season as one favourable) to the production of new works. It will rather be hi aim to give bril- liant renderings of well - known operas than to invite close critical consider- ation of things unfamiliar. No novelties a r e promised, though Mr. Messager

THE FORTHCOMING OPERA SEASON: MR. ANDRE

MESSAGER,

-WHOSE ABRANOEMENTE ARE Nrtm ADVAXCED.

does not entirely , out himself Off from the possibility of something new being added to the repertory. As at present arranged. Italian opera holds the foremost place in the proposed list, for out of twenty-four works mentioned eleven are Italian, eight German, and five French. Among the artists already engaged are Madame Melba, Madame Nordica, Madame Calve, Madame Suzanne Adams, Madame Sobrino, Miss Scheff, Miss Georgina Delmar, Miss Kirkby Lunn, Miss McCulloch, Miss Maubourg, Miss Fremstad, Mr. Van Dyck, Mr. Saleza, Mr. Van Rooy, Mr. BisphaM, and numerous others. The season opens oil May Bth, sad should prove a notable one,

• .4 • • "4.4,' (.(‘4,1 * /1/6k

===== 0002601_19020404_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'I

===== 0002601_19020404_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

WARRINGTON LEAGUE. CAIRO-STREET V. WARRINGTON D.C.

The last and most interesting matck of the season was played at Cairo-street, the visitors being the Warrington D.C. Much interest was centred in this match owing to the fact that the destination of the Chalmers Cup depended on the result. The Warrington Club held an advantage, as altheugh their first match with Cairo- street had resulted in a tie of seven games each, they had won every other match, whereas the Cairo-street team had unfortunately to play one man short against the much-improved Latchford team, and they paid the penalty by losing the match by ODC game. It was only necessary for tne Warrington D.O to make the result of the match a tie to enable them to carry off the trophy for the second season in succession, and this they did after a fine struegle. The last game .to be played was between C Powell (Warrington) and W Massey (Cairo-street), the wins at this stage being equate At the ending of the game W Massey seemed a certeire winner, but when victory was within his grasp he made a slip, and C Powell took advantage of this by making atbrilliant " shot," which left the game and also the match a tie, the result being four wins each, and sir draws. Score:—

- WARRINGTON. Wins. Draws. , Win 0 W Tomicinson II W Cummins 1 J Roberts 1 1 S Tavlin 0 B 7 Powell 1 W Hewitt 0 Vir Massey 2 0 Powell 1 D Plinston 1 111 Gorman 1 J Green 0 H Powell 1

CAIRO-STREET.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAGUE TAEI,LS,

lit Division. 2nd Division. Matches. Matches P. W. L. D. Ptr. P. W.L. D.Pts. Warrington 6 4 0 g io Latchford 2nd 6 5 0 1 11. Cairo-street 6 3 1. 2 8 Criro-et 2nd 6 4 1 1 9 Webford... 6 3 3 0 6 St. Loke's 6 2 4 0 4- Goinorne-st 60 6 0 0 Trinity .... . . 60 6 0 0

===== 0002601_19020404_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENI IN CHAPEL?,

Romance of a Crimean Nurse and V.C.

A fine old Crimean couple, are Private Stanlaks,V.C., and bis wife, one of Florence Nightingale's nurses Stanlake holds, in addition to the Victoria Cross, the Sebastopol, Inkerman, Balaclava, and Alma medals, and the medal for Distinguished Conduct in the Field. Having, as Nurse Collins,faced the whole war,and her- self holding the nurse's medal, for Distinguished Co:s- liest, Mrsfenlake

MARRIED HER PATIENT, and at 72 years of age is still his a-STectionate and faith- ful wife. This fine old pair live, says the Sun, from which newspaper the tollowing particulars are gleaned, at 28. Blue Anchor-lane, Peckham, London. There was a probability a few years ago that the declining years of this hero and heroine might be marred. Mrs Stanlake is a regular attendant at the local Wesleyan Chapel. About five years ago, at a meeting of the lady workers of 113 e chapel, a chair fell as she took her seat. She fell in such a way aa fracture her right thief!. From the day of her recovery from that accident until a few weeks ago Mrs Stanlake was a sufferer from sciatica and spinal rheumatism of the severest kind. Fits, theumatics, heart failure, and diseased nines all followed on this eimple accident. She was often unable te eat anything without suffering afterwards with severe indigestion, and there is little doubt that but for Dr Williams' pink pills she would be dead, or living a life of misery now. Mrs Stanlake describes her condition in this way s. "Directly I had e,ten _anything I used to feel as if I would drop. I used to cough until I lost blood, not only expectorating it, but from bleeding piles. I was taken to Brompton Hospital, where they certainly gave me some relief ,but they did not cure me. I was then for some time afterwards in the hands 'of doctors, who took every pains and displayed every kindness in trying to pull me round, but it was of no race. I was so weak after coming out of the hospital that I could not go upstairs to my bed. About twelve months ago I decided, after what I had read in the paLers,totry if Dt Williams' pink pills for pale people would do me any good. My doctor was then attendirig me, but I took Dr Williams' pink pills without his knowledge. He came to see me one day, and sail, ' Why, Mrs Stanlake, you are a oast- iron woman ; you are better, and It must be your con- stitution that has helped you through.' I said, 'No, I have been tempted to try Dr Williams' pink pil!s. They have cured mr.

DOCTOR'S CANDID ADMISSION. ,f-44.1Z94 He laugh:id, but admitted that it was Dr Williams' pink pills that had'cured me, and that they were a wonderful medicine, I had had four doctors before the one alluded to. I had been twice in the hospital, and I had for months, been an outdoor patient of the hospital. I had continued powerless until I was tempted to try Or Williams' pink pills. lam now cured in that lam able to walk about like a; younger woman. There is no exaggeration in saying that lam better in health ,better in spirits,and better able to do my day's work now than for thelast ten years. My neighbours tell rne,'Nursee— THEY STILL CALL ME NURSE— what a wonderful change has some over you ! ' I shall take it as a favour," Mrs Stanlake continued, "if you will let these fac,s be knownoo that soy other poor creature cot° is suffering rig I have stiffered may be Induced to take the remedy that has brought me practically back to life. I felt bettor after I had taken the first toxful. For the last three months I have enjoyed better health than I have known for years." When such sfvere eases as this are entirely Cured by Dr. Williams' pink pills, it Is not surprising that they are take., with aucce's for the mir or ailments of life, for a sudden fit of rheumatism or indigestion, for the frequent sufferings of women, and for the general state of languor and weakness which shows the need of s tonic. Paralysis. rheumatism, bile, indigestion. anaemia, consumption, St. Vitus' dance, are among the *other ailments tney have cured. The genuine pills alone cure : substitutes never cured anything, and to avoid the latter it is necessary to see that only Dr. Williams' pills are taken, bearing his name and the lull registered title, Dr. Williams' pii.k pills for pale people. Six boxes can be obtained post free for thirteen shillings and nine- pence (or one box for two shillings and nisienence) from the authorised manufacturers, Dr. Williams' medi- cine company, Hol born . 4ad u et, London.

An easy chair has been pressnted tn Thomas Dewar a rural postman at Kirkcaldy, who has just retired after thirty-four years' se:vice, during which he tramped over 150 000 miler.

A man named George Armstrong, of Brampton, Cum- berland, died on Tuesday in the Monkwearmouth Hospital. While watching the foottaall match between Sunderland and Newcastle United on the previoua day be overbalanced himself on the top of a crowded stand. and falling over on the outside of the endosure, sus- tained concussion of,the brain. He never regained con- sciousness.

CADBURY'S Cocoe. is a pure, refined beverage, RutritiOna, stimulating, and digestib'e. The" Lancet" says it " repre. Bente the standard of highest nurity." Entirely free from admixtures, such as kola, malt, hops, alkali, Sm. Insist upon haying CADBURY'S, as other Cocoas are sometimes substitut d for extra prefit. In Pa2kets an( Tins only. (2)

THUM—New washable waterproof is the most suitable for tropical climate.; Ibis light, clean, pool, comfortable, and durable • can be worn whilst bathing. WHITE 86 WRIGHT Surgical Instrument Makers. 93,,R,eushaw-street, opposite top of Bold-street, Liverpool.—Adit

===== 0002601_19020404_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE km CHURCHES,'

THE BRADFORD MEETINGS.

The Bradford meetings of the National Free Church Council were undoubtedly very suc- cessful. The number of representatives was larger by 200 than the number at any previous Council, and the attendance both of the repre- mentatives and of the general public, from the beginning to the end of the session, was very good. Dr. Townsend greatly distinguished him- self as President. His address from the chair was really a great deliverance, and he showed himself to be possessed of the highest business qualities. He kept a close watch on the pro- ceedings, and adhered admirably to the time- table. The incidental little speeches he had to make were in the best form and grace.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRESIDENT-ELECT.

The nomination of Dr. Parker as President for 1903-1904 was ratified by the Council with enthusiasm. The famous minister of the City Temple is looking forward to his year of office with hope and pleasure. His acceptance of the nomination is a gratifying indication of his return to better health. The meetings next year—at Brighton and with Dr. Parker as President—should be among the most memor- able in the history of the movement. That magnificent pile of buildings, the Dome and the Pavilion, has been placed at the disposal of the Council free of cost, and the Corn Exchange will also be available on the same terms. The genial General Secretary (Rev. Thomas Law) confesses that his only fear is the splendid four-mile promenade, the magnificient piers, and the glorious sea trips.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCH YEAR-BOOR.

This volume, which contains a full account of the proceedings at Bradford, together with much valuable information, indispensable to every Free Churchman, is to be published early in April at 2s. 6d. net. The Year-Book grows in value year by year. Last year we believe the sales exceeded by fully one-third those of any previous year, and the National Council's Publication Department is preparing for a still larger sale this year.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GIPSY SMITH'S AUTOBIOGRAPHY.

This volume has gone into a fifth edition (com- pleting ten thousand). No one is more surprised at the success of the work then Mr. Smith himself. By the way the gipsy delivered himself of a very strong attack on the system of pew-rents at the Bradford meetings. Mr. Smith de- clared passionately that the churches had slandered the man in the street unmerci- fully, and that the great obstacle to the work of the churches among the poor was the pew- rent system. He asked, amid some laughter, if a company of tramps marched into church and took possession of the rented pews, would the congregation rise and sing, "Praise God from whom all blessings flow ?" Mr. Smith was accompanied to Bradford by his wife, younger son, and daughter. The son is a Wesleyan local preacher, and a student at Owen's College,. Manchester. Next year he hopes to enter one of the Wesleyan Theological colleges as a student for the ministry.

REV. H. ELVET LEWIS. The Christian Commonwealth has published a very interesting character sketch of Rev. H. Rivet Lewis," of Canonbury, London, the well- known Welsh poet preacher. The writer says

that he felt while listening to Mr. Lewis's quiet, thoughtful, fragrant sentences that a fit pre- liminary would be half-an-hour's prayer- meeting and a natural sequel consecration

bour. Mr. Lewis has done a good deal of work both in poetry and prose. His life of the great Herber Evans is, perhaps, his most notable recent production.

ILLNESS OF THE REV. THOMAS spunonoN. Great sympathy has been expressed with Ihe Rev. Thomas Spurgeon, his wife, and daughter, in the illness from which they have been suffering. Mr. Spurgeon is greatly beloved for his own and for his father's sake. He has held together the great congregation at the Tabernacle in a manner truly marvellous. Mr. Spurgeon possesses two great :qualities, which) in addition of course to spiritual force, are in- dispensable to the minister of a large church— pluck and business aptitude. A more timid, less capable man would have been crushed under the burden of rebuilding the Tabernacle. Mr. Spurgeon's daughter, Vera, who has been suffer- ing from influenza, is the very image of her grandfather, the famous preacher. MISS MARIANNE FARNINGHAM. The distinguished poet and authoress is restored to health and has been address- ing Sunday-school workers at Wrexham. She said that the teachers ought to be ex- cused from doing other church work, so as to he able to devote their:whole time to prepare for

their classes. Teachers ought to be -willing to tell their scholars all that they had themselves been taught. The work of the !,Sunday-school teacher was a gain to the teacher himself as well sis to the scholar.

THE LONDON WESLEYAN MISSION.

The anniversary was marked by a brilliant sermon by lan Maclaren (Dr. John Watson of Liverpool), and by the absence of the two best- known missioners, the Rev. Peter Thompson and the Rev. H. Price Hughes, M.A. To illustrate the width of the mission Rev. W. D. Walters, the general secretary, told the story of a titled lady who, dying in hospital, asked for a Sister of the People to visit her, and referred to the fact that every month at Clerkenwell 600 bomi-fide working-men remain to the administration of the Lord's Supper. Mr. Walters recently received a letter in Erencla from the Attache of a Russian Embassy, saying that he was investigating the condition of the masses in large cities, and asking for full infor- mation of the Mission's mode of reaching and helping the degraded and poverty-stricken people of London. Dr. Parker the other day referred in warm praise to the work of Mr, Price Hughes in the West-end. THE FREE CHURCHMAN'S LEGAL HANnsocnc, This is tho latest publication of the National Free Church Council. It has been prepared by Mr. Edmund C. Rawlings, a solicitor of the Supreme Court, acting on behalf of the Legal Committee. Mr. Rawlings is a well-known Primitive Methodist, and we believe the legal adviser of his Connexion. He was helped in the work by Mr. J. Bamford Slack, and others. The volume, published at 2s. 6d! net, will answer many questions which Free

ministers have frequently to consider, besides being of great use, also, to all laymen who take an interest in public affairs.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST NUTRITIOUG.

„ , 9$ .f.O -0.,, ;$, I .',4 , .4 r , i • ,

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

REAKFAST-,SU PPEAL.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTER VESTRY MEETINGS.

WARRINGTON PARISEI CHURCH.

The largest vestry meeting which has been held in connection with the Warrington Parish Church was con- ducted in the National Schools, Church-street, on 'Tues- day evening. The rector (Rev Canon Willis) presided, and amongst those present were the Revs A S Cameron and G W Dickinson, Messrs James G Craii (Rect)r's warden) Mr John Devzhurst (people's warden),O,uncillor S Davies, Councillor T J Ifulse, Councillor W R gers. Messrs W Price, 'Thomas Mason, E Coates, S Taylor, W L Williams, J Wood, R L 3we, J Clarke, E Isherwood, R Isherwood, P Evans, and others.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.

Mr Dewhurst preseuted the aenaal ststerhent of accounts. The year commenced with a balance in hand of £5 135 41. The ordinary offertories amounted to £3lO 23 Old, and the special offerteries £2lO 1.2. 33. Other monies, including the proceeds of the sale ot work amounting to £ll5 Id, the annual congregational tea party £53 2a Id, the James Morris trust £3O, con- sols for organ fund £2l 10s 4d,the Thomas May charity £5 7s 43 and the Brownfield trust £1 Os 41, brough up the total receipts to £743 3s id. That expenses were £731 183 91, leaving a balance in hand of £ll 5s 2d. The sum of £l5 163 83 was given t 3 tho restoration fund, tieing part of the offertory on Mayor's Sunday. The eicccuats were passed, on the motion of Ceuncil- lor Hulse, seconded by Mr Thomas Mason. Councillor Hulse proposed a vote of thanks to the wardens, sidesmen and auditors, and observed that all these Officers had done their duty well during the past 12 months. Mr Wadsworth seconded, and the motion was carried. -' APPOINTMENT OF WARDENS. The Rector said he ILIA the greatest possible satisfec- tion in teltng the meeting that he had prevailed upon Mr Creek to accept office again as Rector's warden. (Applause.) He was glad to hear that applause, and he was sure that the appoiatment gave the meeting as ' mush satisfaction as the appointment of the people's ! warden would ; and that was the greatest delight to him (the speaker.) Mr Craik, who was received with applause, said he highly appreciated the kind words of the Rector with reference to his (the speaker's) services. 13e was happy to place them at the disposal of the parish tor the com- ing year. He had again appointed Mr 'N E tkin as his sideman, and he bad consented to accept office. (Applause.) Mr William Price proposed the re-election of Mr Dew- burst as people's warden, and said that during the past three or tour years that gentleman had exercised his prerogative in the most pleasing ensurer possible. Mr W L Williams seconded, and expressed his sorrow that no allusion was made in the financial statement, to ' the restoration fond, which was a matter of great im- portance to all of them. Mr Craik The restoration fund is a separate fund ' from the wardens' accounts. The motion was heartily agreed to. Mr Dewhurst, in reply, remarked that he regarded it as a great honour to have been re-elected the people's warden. If he consulted his own feelings he should have given the office up, but, as Mr Prieehad said, there was a special work ir3 hand and he, therefore, felt it his bounden duty to remain in office as long as the meeting appointed him to see the v ork through. Mr Dewhurst made an appeal to the people to subscribe to the restora. tion fued, by increasing their contributions to the weekly offertory. The alterations at the church were proceeding, and it was a crying shame that the organ should be at one and of the building and the choir at the other end, and, with the congregation in the middle it was marvellous that they sang so well. Wear, hear). He appeinted Councillor S Davies as his sideeman.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIDESMEN.

The Rectsr said the meeting had now to eleet eight sidesmen, and it was important they should be men who by their lives would be a credit to the church and, if possible, attend all the services. The qualification wag that they must be ratepayers within the original limits of the old parish and occupiers of premises within the parish. There were 13 nominations, Mr F Taylor jun., and Mr R Isherwood were appointed scrutineers. The voting was then proceeded with, and the follow- ing were appointei :lylessrs Thomas Mason, Samuel Taylor, W L Williams, Ed sward Isherwood. William Price, Robert Lowe, William Rogers, and T J Hulse. Mr Joseph Wilson was appointed sidesman for St. George's Mission, and Mr William Hodson sidesman for Sc Clement's. Toe following other officers were proposed :—Lay representatives, Major Buckton and Mr R T Fairclough; auditors, MP9RtS P (3 Price Arvi W Scotmn

===== 0002601_19020404_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF TEE VESTRY CLERK.

The RecTO-r. read the followiag letter from the Vestry Clerk, Air It B White •—•` As it is very unlikely that I shall ever again be able to personally attend to the duties of the office, I shall be obliged if you will kindly Intimate to the vestry that it ia not my wish to be re- elected vestry clerk for the ensuing year. My son, Mr E A White, who has for some years attended to the duties of the office for me, will represent me at the vestry meeting on tho let proximo. Will you please also express to the vestry my appreciation of the caofldencs it has shown me by annually electing me for the past 14 years ?" 'They could not, the Rector said, express too strongly their gratitude to Mr H B Wilts for his kind- ness and generosity during the long time he had hell the office of clerk. (Applause.) He proposed that Mr E A White be appointed to the vacant office. (Hear, hear.) Mr Isherwood seconded, and the proposition was unanimously agreed to. Mr White, in returning thanks, said he had attended 18 vestry meetings. He started as as4stant deputy vestry clerk, then he became assistant ye-try clerk, then deputy clerk, and it was to some extent the summit of his ambition to blossom into the full vestry clerk. (Laughter and applause). During the 18 years he had named he had seen great changes in the vestry meet- ings. He remembered the time when tbey were small and held in the daytimo in the vestry, when they were by no means always unanimous. The change that had come about was all that could be wished. What the vestry meetings were now they all knew, and if he had to express an opinion he ahould say that they were model meetings, and that that disclaim of things was largely due to the kind and able way in which the Rec- tor presided. (Applause).

TUE LADI-E-g AND. TUE ASSISTANT CLERGY.

On the motion of Mr Cow 09, soccndeci by Mr Thomas Mason, a vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies of the congregation for their services in the parish during the past twelve months. Mr Craik moved a vote of thanks to the assistant cl rgy. Mr Dowhurat seconded, and the motion was carried. The Revs A S Cameron and G W Dickinson suitably responded.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECTOR AND THE WORE OF THE PARISH.

THE RESTORATION OF THE CHURCH.

The Rector's services in the chair were acknowledged on the motion of Mr R Isherwood seconded by Mr William Price. The Rector, in reply, said that was the largest vestry ! meeting he had yet seen, and he had been with them! for 14 years. It was not only the largest but the most I satisfactory on account of the unanimity which had I prevailed. And if he could judge at all from the num- bers, and from the faces ct those he saw before ! him, the meeting was els) one of the heartiest which had yet been held. (Applause.) He hoped that the presence of men in such large num- bers meant real interest in the work of the Churdh and it desire to help it forward in every possible way. (Applause.) The receipts, the Rector went on to say, from all sources amounted to about £750, and it showed! a satisfactory increase, and there was a small balance in hand. (Applause.) He should like them to raise £BOO a year, and be felt sure that if they made up their I minds they could do so without difficulty. Alluding to the services for men only which had been held at the ! Parish Church in the evenings during Lent, the Rector I said all must have been impressed by the large attend- epees, and he was sure they owed a great debt of gratitude to the Warrington Church Ssciety, who got Lho best preachers they could possibly find, and chose the most important subjects possible. (Applause.) As be had already said, it was not intended that the sermons should be merely flashes in the pan and intellectual treats,but be be means of touching the hearts of working men, and making them feel that whilst Sunday was not man's day but God's, and that while God wanted it to be a day of rest they must not forget that it was also a day hf worship. He longed to see one church crowded with

===== 0002601_19020404_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
:A0 COMPLEXIONS RED ROUGH HANDS

FALLING HAIR,

PREVENTED BY

cocura T3OAP tt4

The most effective skin purifying and beautifyingsoap in the world. It strikes at the cause of bad complexions, red, rough hands, falling hair, and baby blemishes, via., the clogged, irritated, hauled, sikverworked, OP sluggish PORES. All Che"te. Price, 1e..0r postpaid by F. NICWHEET & SONS, London, E. C. P.TTEIt 11. AND C. CORP., Sole Props., Boston, U. l. 4. 4'1107-7 to Slave a Good Complesion," free.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
_ME EXAMINER, RUDA k, APLIIL 4 1902.

working men on Sundays as it had been daring the Fri- day evenings he had named. (Hear, hear.) He was sure they must have been struck with the vast improve- ment which had taken place in their services. It was qeite a treat for any music4l person or one with a de- vetional mind to come t) the Parish Church. They had an excellent choir and an excellent organist, and their thanks were due to those who sang voluntarily, and to Mr Darby, who did everything in his powsr to make the musical portion of the services as beautiful as possible. This year the number of candidates for confirmation was 200 from the parish itself which was a considerable increase. Anether satisfactory feature was the large number of communicants. Last year they numbered 673, while this year the number was 815. (Applause). Toe Rector procee led to pay a high tribute of praise to the assist int clergy for their work. They had always had good assistant clergy in Warrington but they had never had better than those working in the parish to- day. Alluding to the restoration fund, the Rector said that originally they asked for £12.000, but the amount had been reduced to £3,000; £l,OOO for outside im- provements, £l,OOO for the inside, and £l,OOO for the removal of the organ. They had had up to the present given and promised £1,660, and £1,150 was alreedy accounted for. That left them £5OO for the re-se sting of the west end of the church and other werk which would probably be necessary, and the £1,660 would be swallowed up. They wanted £1.500 more. The very least they could do wite was £l,OOO. He wished to see the organ removed. He had opposed its removal ler twelve years, but laellaad now altered his opinion on the matter. Feur reasons had led him to alter his opinion with reference to its removal. In the first place they could never have a perfectly satisfactory musical ser- vice with the organ at such a distance from the choir and the volume of sound comieg up between. Then there was a passage through tee organ which compli- cated the mechanism and m ede it very difficult for the pliyer to perform, particularly to one who was not the most robust in health. In the third place if they re- moved the organ they weuld get additional Beating ac- commodation for at least 250 people, and then laltly, when the church was extended, it would be impossible to remove the organ further west. The place selected , for the organ was between the choir and the Bo'eter chap 1, and that w is a positioe which in the opinion of Dr Bridge, of Chester, would be a satisfactory one. He looked to those present to find a means or raisiat, the necessary moeey. In conclusion, the Rector said he would be 60 years of age that year, and it was Corona- tion year, and the King would be 61. Let them all be I determined to make an effort, and he was sure that if ' they went forward, and said theawork should be done,it would be done at once. (Applause). HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. • • •

Mr Houghton said he would be very glad to serve for a second year. Alderman Hutchinson proposed, and Mr Astley seconded,the re-appointment of Mr Millwood as people's warden, but upon an expression from him of his desire to be relieved of office. having served two sears, Mr Eckersley Wa9 elected on the motion of Mr Astley, seconded by Mr Morris. Mr Houghton appointed Alderman Hut Ihinsen as his sidesman, and Mr Eetcers!ey appointed Mr Astley. This concluded the„. vestry meeting proper, and a meeting of the congregation was held. The Vicar appointed Mr Tonge as the Mission warden He said he had served for a few months and bad done the work very well. Mr Ratobone was appointed people's warden. On the motion of Alderman Hutchinson, ,econded by Mr Tonge,Messrs G Sawkins Burgess and El N Houghton were re-appointed lay representatives at the ruri- decanal and diocesan conferences.

The Vicar explained that the two clergy, the wardens sidesinen, mission wardens, lay representatives aid two of the lay readers (Messrs Stansfieid and Gibson) were ex-ofno inembi,rs of toe Churn Couocil, Eight more members were required, ex from S Jame: and two from Sr,. Hilda's. The following were appoinred from St. James' : INfi-ssrs Acton, Boor,h,Carrn-hers, Farghar, Morris and Venn. Messrs Slater and IV N ,rbury were appointed additional sidesman for Sr. Hilda's, and will be ex-officio members of the counc TOE FINANCIAL POSITION. Mr Houghton presented the churchwardens' accounts for St James's. The total expenses were £lBO 124 7,1 and the income £173 183 31, leaving a deficiency nt £6 14s 4d. A ,urn widen toe churenwardens were entitled to by a vote of tie Church Council thee preferred to give to the building fund of St Hilda's. Otherwise there would not have hem a deficiency. Alderman autcuinson proposd the adoption of the accounts. He consider,d !hey were in every way satis- factory, and he was very pleasesi to learn that co' with- standing the v-ry lrb.rlNay th,y had assistoi various outside inatitu ions there was So small a balance against them. • .

Air C 3twlcial Ru,gesg, in seconling,stid ths ace iunts refi cted vevv great credit upon the church ward us ana the position of the church generalie. Their pail ion not only in reg,d to the accoants bat ia every other direc- tion was exceedingly satisfactory. The accounts were passed.

Mr Tonge, for tit -ELIA submitted the accounts under three headq,the misiion fund,entsrtainm,tnr fund, and club fund The mlision fund -tcount showed an income (0 £33 189 21, expenditure £29 54 461, credit I:Want:o £4. 12391-i ; GYP ent-trtAttimt, it fund, inborn £l7 15i 6d.exoenditure 28 19, B], credit balanem (which had been handed to the budding t nil), £8 159 10 I; club fund. income £6 73 61, exprinittoro £6 1, 71,cr, dtt balance 5a 11d.

The vestry meeting was held on Tuesday evening, the Vicar (Rev E C E Carl ton) presiding. There were also present the 11. v A Inglis (curate), Mnsre Forshaw, J Halton, Hose, Dunbabin, Dykes, Gill, Welsbv, F,rgu- son,fl W Naylor, Howson, Cox, Randall, and Mr G F F White (vestry clerk) —Th. accounts were produced,and show.d an income of £296 8s 10d, and an expenditure of £293 lie. The Vicar appointed Mr J El Halton as. his warden, Mr W J Forshaw having ex aressei a wish to retire and Mr T Welsbv was appointed parishioner' warden. The following sidemen were elected :—Wardens, Messrs W J Forsnaw and J Harding ; vestry, Ms r J C.)x, E Dyke, H Ferguson. J Gerrard, W Gill, John ilesketh, Joseph Hesketh, Thomas Hunt, H W Naylor E Rose, R W Howson, G F F White, John Dunn, and Hignett. ' Messrs Howson and W Gill were appointed the lay dele- gates.--Mr G F F White was re-appointed v,stry clerk, and Mr H W Naylor auditor,—A. gift of knealers from Miss Gaskell was reported, by the vicar who expr.sse warm appreciation of the gifts and the best thaoks of the vestry were accorded to her.-4 vo:e of thanks Was ale-) passed to the wardens, sidearnen and choir for th or services during the past year. 1

The accounts were approved. The Vicar presenre I the accounts of the parochial fund, which j ciu fiv for the ack and poor. The receipts welt, £47 73 11,and there 0749 abLiaca in bind at the end of the year'. working of £2 143.

VOTEt or THANKS On the mstioo of Mr Asdey, conded by Mr H nigi- too,a vote of thanks ws passed to Mx NE:I wood for his services as people's wsrlin. Mr Mill wool bOelly acknowlesged the cmnlirnint. Mr C iawki ii flarge.4 pr ip.ed .a vote of tilanki to the Vic ir, not only for presiding but also for all he had done in the parlsh during the year. He wa, 'spite sure he would carry every member of .the congregation with him whoa he said that they had in the Vicar of St James' an energetic, able an I zsalous p,rish prie,t. They could look hack upon the year which had just closed with very great satisfaction iii every respect. Every mimber of the con,zregation would feel that they owed a great deal to the Vicar for the w 3rk he did in conoection with the church, the in'sdon, the schools, and the parish genet- aliy„ Mr Houghton seconded, and the vote was darrird with acclamation. Ths Vicar said feare Ihe hardly d sserve I the very kind things which hal ben suid,b it he was v't's, gra,e- fill if in any way he hal done or might do anything to further the Church or Christ in the parisa and it was really appreciated. (Applause.) The meeting then te no inated. Sr. TEIOMIS'S CHURCEI, STOCKTON HEATH.

The Vicar (Rev H V Pit) prelided 4v,r the annual vestry nt.eting in conn,ltion with this church which wie hPICi in the vp,try at nrn nn Tuesday. ['here were aTso pres-nt flry Geenil (.7icar'A warden), A D .wn, Thomas Srrc, E F P..araon, SWDI Iw, Jeit'fft3l9. Sperm ,r, F 10.4 e, F Timperley and A Moss.

I Extraordinary Sufferings for Thirteen Years.

lie suffered from Rheumatism, with Curvature of the Spine, and finally a Stroke of Paralysis.

All Possible Medical Treatment was Applied in Vain.

Hot romentations. Electric Battery. IDISCHARGED INCURABLE.

TREATMENTS: Vapour Baths. Plaster of Paris Jacket. WHERE TREATED :—Manchester Royal Infirmary. Convalescent Home, Southport. Convalescent Home, Cheadle.

Lying flat for six months.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ST JAMES; CHURCH, LATCHFORD.

- - There web a good attendance at the vestry meetings in connection with this church which was held la the schools on Tuesday evening. Toe Vicar (Rev F E Powell) presided.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY THE VICAR.

At the outset the Vicar delivered a speech on the work of the past year. He said there was nothing very start- ling to present, hut he was thankful to say that during the year they had lengthened their cords and atrengthened their stakes. 'They had lengthened their cords inasmuch as the new mission of St. Hilda had been built, fitted and furnished, and well nigh paid for, and stood on their own freehold ground. It was in a measure fulfilling the object for which it was erected. Services were held there regularly and every night the club was open for the youths and young men of the neighbourhood to avail themselves of, if they claw to do. He was thankful to say that the club had been attended with a fair me,lsure of SUCVSF.He would rather like t ) express the hope that their friends at St. Hilda'a would take great care lost the s•cular element should swamp the spiritual. The na,asion existed chit fly, of course, with the object of promoting the glory of God and the extension of the church et Christ, and they must keep that very much to the fore. Not only had they lengthened their cords in the way mentioned but they had also strengthened their stakes. He was very pleased with the marked increase in the attendances during the services of Lent, Holy Week, and he believed, Goo 4 Friday. He was present at the sr- vice on Good Friday etreoing and the attendance was very much greater than it had been since he came to the parish. The Easter services were particularly bright, and he trusted helpful, and the. number of com- municants had not been exceeded in any previous years of which he had any record and tie went back ten years For that he was thankful. He thought lee had a right to look for co-operatioe on the part of those who attended the services and he was grateful for such co- ,peration as bad been extended to him. He did not pretend, of course, to be satisfied, Far from it. He thought far more might be done by those who attended the services than had already been done. Still, for all the willing help he had received he was sincerely and deeply thank- ful. Hethanked his colleague,who since last Easter had worked hard in the parish as deacon and had rendered him very efficient and loyal help. He thanked Miss Burgess, who had helped him in very many ways in the parish,particularly in looking after the magszines,which during the last year had presented to them a very seb- stantial profit. From the wardens,sidesmen and counci I ' had received much loyal assistance and help. He ceuld not thank the lay readers too much fee their devoted work—work which was as efficient as it:was devoted.He might venture to say that few parishes could have better or more efficient ley helpers than they had at St James's, and the way in which they had conducted the Services at St Hilda's Mission was extremely geed. He alluded to Mr Stansfield, Mr Gibson, and Mr Westbrook They were always very reade to do all they could, and their whole heart was in the work which they did at the mission. The mission wardens ...were new to their work, but they were rendering every assistance towards making the mission the enemas they all hoped and prayed it might be. ora.aanviise and choir of both s's work was entirely the thankedehereh e vhedr mission.ym n c hr D the voluntary, and he devoted himielf very enthusiastically to the training of the choir who gave their Services at the mission. He thought the younger choir could, if anything, set the St James's choir an example in regu- larity of attendance. They knew proverbially that new brooms swept clean, but there had been time n ,av for the new broom to have lost a little of its novelty, and yet it continued to sweep clean very efficiently. Tbe St James' choir might be a little more regular in attend- ance and more particularly at practicer. He need not enumerate the other church workers, and yet he must mention the services of the day and Sunday school teachers. Speaking of the day schools reminded him of a work which was not often brought to the notice ot the public, a real and heavy work done by the corres- pondent of the day schools. They knew that Mr Burgess, who had managed the account• of the schools for so long, Stilt continued to render very generous and active assistance in this way. Then he must thank the Band of Hope, the Girls' Friendly Society and the megazine distributors. The last named had brought £l6 16s to the church funds. He thanked those who collected twice during the year—for the Walking Day fund and tea party, and he was grateful to the sub- scribers to those funds as also to the clergy fund subscribers and these who looked after the fund. Cern- , ing nearer to Easter Day. be thanked those who made their offerings during Lent, and those who brought them to be dedicated to the church on Easter Sunday. There were still a number of boxes out, and he hoped they had collected as large a sum as in any previous year. Lastly he would thank all in the non- gregation who were so kind as to make him the off 'r- lug they did on Easter Sunday. He appreciated their kindness very much indeed. He thanked them not only for that offertory but for the one on Christmas Day. They had helped in the bet year many funds he was thankful te say. They were not selfish in their offer- ings. He did not know that they could increase their help, but he would be glad if they could help the many inatitutions and societies which were always clamour:ns for assistance. They ha] helped not only their own sick and poor fund,the mission building fund and the day and Sunday schools, but the Infirmary, the Nursing Institution, the Diocesan Societies, the Diocesan House of Mercy, the Additional Curates Society, the Enelieh Church Union, the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, the Waifs and . Strays Society, the Uni- versities' Mission to Central Africa, and the Jerusalem Mission. In conclusion the Vicar, in speaking of the election of officers, said he felt very strongly that they should elect men who were deeply in earnest in church work and who showed an intelligible interest in church life, not only by their attendance at the services of the church but also at any church functions which they might have.

ELECTION Of OFFICERS The Vicar slid he had pleasure in asking Mr n'ough- ton to serve as his warden for a second year. He had been very devoted and loyal, and they all knew how de,=ply attached he was to the church, and anything thlt cancrrned its welfare was very sear his heart. He had given him (the Vicar) fvery help in the patt and•it was with very great ‘tiessure that he (th- Vicar) aered him to accept clEce fot the ensuing year.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTB f

In the absence through indisposi ion of Mr W Richard- son (people's warde,), M F Pearso” presented the accounts and mooed their adaotion. He wss very pleased to say that the gernral if ,rtery was £2O mor, than last year, and as that was the true trst of their pra.resa,it was vet- gratifyillL Tile result of the ve.r'S working left a balance duo to the wardens of £2 5s 8 hut that might be esolained by the tact that of the £22 8+ 81 r paroc iil to% only ED had this <.-ear be-in granted to the w x lone, tie balance having been retained for the purpose Of pur- chasing tea urns. FP thou :tit that on th whole the accounts were vry fav parable considering that they made a great tff eq: as year for the success of the bazaar, and tht they had lost two friends—Mr John Crnsfield and Mr Robert Davies. Mr Da va -,Acon led, and the accounts wr,re unani- mously passed

ELECTION OF WARDENS. The Vicar said he wt s milre he woad have the hearty sancti.n of .tne ve4ry if he nominated Mr Greenall as hi g ward avi,. He was very grate,ul to Mr Greenill for the interest he had shrwn in patocoial affairs Mr Gmanall. in acclating the officn,expres=ied his will- ingneAs to do ali he cluld for the welfwe oi the church On the motion of Idr Dillow, Reconded hp Ni•. Sharmeics, it WA9 unanimowly agreed to re-elect Mr Richardson as peopl,'s warden.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER ELECTI,NS.

The fl!owin sideinen ve !ecte :—Mrqsra A Down, T J Le, J H Olark, John J,ffes, T R Westbrook J A McCireaor, W •In'vre, S W Ddvw, T Sarre Loonard G Davie. J Diob,nbin, and J Parker. Mes,,rs •Grp2o- and Sha,rocks wPre r - del'e I tact representatives to attend till rari-decanal and diocin eonferenena.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR _ROBERT DATIES--PROPOSED MEMORIAL.

-- The Vicar said heir li9* of sidesinon bad boon reduc=cl by the death of two gentlemen whom 'hey a,l vry greatly reap cted—Mr Rd') rt Davies and [dr J4l/109 Pearson. It had been suggested that the long con- nection of Mr Robert Davies with the church, as sides- man recently and as wardon for 50,9,M3 years, shou'd be marked by some nvmo Isl in the church. The district visitors met a few days ago and made a proposition in the miter but he ( he vicar) asked them t defer it un- til something had hews done by the parish geoarally. The district vNtorre suggestion was to supply new Prayer books fcr hn clergy stills and, if:it was thought desir- able, newlialtar service books and a new Bible for the lectern. Probably the vestry would desire to obtain some more permanent memorial. The meeting generally was in fay lurief the placiog of a brass tablet in the church and it was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Vicar, churchwardenS. and sidesmen.

VOTES OF THANES. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the choir- master, dentry—hoirm.srer, and the members of the choir for their services during the year, the Vicar remarking that the choir not only supported him in the performance of the servic,s, hut in many other ways.— A sim.l+r nomplitnenr, was paid to the churehwardens and sidesmen, the Vicar pointing out that during the year the church officers and congregation made a very great effort which resulted in the wonderful success of the bazaar and fancy fair at flill Clifle.. If they had not had such energetic ohucchwtrdens and sidemen they should not have attemiated and car.ierl to a 81.100P35. In! lame such an under,sking as that.—Mr H Greens!i briefly replied. . . . .

thankq hAviog iron aecordod to the Vicar for presiding, the nveting tqrminated.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SPRING CLEANING.

An Article for Women Readers.

Every woman knows how necessary " Spring Clean ing " is, but how many rernemher that the human body , nu ybe likened to a house in this re-ipectP The body, like the boas.,, amsAes impurities during the winter. Perspiration is then checked and the pores or the skin gat clogged ; extra work is thrown upon the kidneys, which often get deranged in consequence. The liver, through want of exerci-iiii gets sluggish, and this acts detrimentally upon the digestion. Impurities so caused, enter the blood, and hence Spring is the time when I proof of blood impurity is given, by the occurrence of pimples,skin ersptions, and, as lhey are called by some, "Spring Beat Spots." At this period, the body, like the house, requires a thorough "Spring Cleanin Chas. Forde's Bile Beans are the medium which we most strongly recommend for this purpose. They are purely vegetable, and by : gentle operation on the liver, kilneys and stomach, they purify the blood, tone op the entire system And effect the desired result, without resorting to purgatives,harm- I qui drugs, or obsolete and harmful iron tonics, which, if I used for long, bring on chronic constipation and piles. I Not only are Bile Beans more valuable as a Spring Medicine than any other obtainable, but they are also more economic. Ii a box, there are not s-s tnany as of some of the inferior, cheaper and more ancient forms of medicine, but it is because fewer are requirel. Gmer- ally speaking, one Bile Bean c onstitutes one des', whereas in other preparationsjour or even six pills have to be taken at a time. , If you have riot yet tried Bile Beans send for a free sample box You easy obtain it by mcnioning the name of this paper, seeding your full name and address and a penny stamp to pay return no,tage. Address your application to the Bile Bean Co.'s Central Distri- buting Depc; , Greek-street, Leeds, arid your request will be promptly attended to.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Or. Williams' Pink Pills for -4.411 People

absolutely and entirely cured him.

MR. JAMES HENRY FARROW, whose case is briefly summarised above, holds a position of trust as stock-keeper to a famcus Manchester firm. He is 37 years of age, and resides at 48, Lind Street, Holt Town, Ancoats, Manchester. He is well known and much respected, and is a member of the Order of Druids. He described his case and cure as follows: "In 1889 my first sickness started. It was rheumatism in the back, and I had it close on six months. I consulted a doctor four times. At the beginning of 1890 the doctor told me I wasn't fit for work. A friend had advised me to have vapour baths once a week, and for five weeks I took his advice. At first I felt much better, but after the fourth bath my appetite went, and after the fifth my back got worse. Then somebody told me to apply fomentations, which I did, but still suffered great pain. In a short time my ribs became bad, and

I HAD CURVATURE OF THE SPINE. "I went again to the doctor and told him what I had been doing. He said ' Whoever recommended that might have sent you to your grave. Go home and lie on your back until you are told to get up.' FOR MORE THAN SIX MONTHS I LAY ON MY BACK IN BED. "The doctor attended me all that time, and I took two bottles of medicine per week. I was then induced to consult another doctor, who told me I would be better in the Royal Infirmary. I could just walk then. I went into the Infirmary, where I was placed in A JACKET OF PLASTER OF PARIS. Then they sent me to the Convalescent Home at Southport, but I got worse instead of better, and went back to the Manchester Royal Infirmary. Then I was at home for six months unable to do anything. At the end of that period I was re-admitted to the Infirmary. I began to lose the use of my hips, and for weeks I was in bed. When I got out of bed I could scarcely crawl; but they sent me to the Convalescent Hospital at Cheadle; I had to be carried into and from the hospital van. Instead of getting better I got worse. THE ELECTRIC BATTERY WA3 APPLIED TO ME

at various times during the eighteen weeks I was at Cheadle. I had evidently had a stroke of paralysis, for I could not feel the shocks. One day I dragged myself by the aid of a chair to divine service in the chapel, but the agony Neild, Manchester.) I suffered was horrible, and I was carried back to bed. In May, 1891, I received my discharge. They had done their utmost for me, and I felt that

I WAS INCURABLE. A week or two before my discharge the doctors stuck needles into my legs and thighs, but I had no feeling. I got home somehow in a cab, out of Wh ch they had to carry me into the house. One day my brother William said to me :'I have heard so much of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People that it you will try them I will pay for them. I accepted his offer. I took two boxes, but was no better. My brother kept urging me to go on with them. and I did so, carefully following the instructions sent with the pills, and

0 ~- ,e4,•:\ .1 ! ....- , ( MR. J. H. FARRO' a thoto by Allan '

===== 0002601_19020404_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTER THE FOURTH BOX I WAS CURED,

and able to resume my employment. "For two years I kept to my work, and then I was taken ill again, but instead of taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, as, I ought to have done, I went tc the Convalescent Home in Southport. That was in 18.9. I did not get better, and the doctor said I had better go home I came home, but I couldn't walk. They had to carry me to bed. With that I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills another trial. I took four boxes, one after the other; brother kept urging me to persevere. I did so, following the instructions to the letter. I got a fifth box, and before I had finished it I got a little strength in my legs. I took two more boxes, getting stronger every day. Before the eighth box was finished I was able to go to my employment. I have been at work ever since, and am STRONGER AND HEARTIER THAN EVER. "I don't know what to say to you or how to express my thankfulness for what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have done for me- I tell you that there wa-: nothing on the face of the earth that cured me but Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Reader, does not this teach you something about yourself

No other medicine ever advertised effects such cures as this. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured here where all other medical treatment failed. If they can cure such cases as this, will they not cure your perhaps less serious, less hopeless ailment?

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism and sciatica; also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, anmmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous headache, and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London. E.C., at as. gd. a box, or six boxes for 13s. gd.

Annual Boat Race of the Warrington Sailing Club.

Easter Offerings for Local Clergymen. 1 The Easter offertories at S,^, Paul's Caurch on 1 Sunday were given to the late Vicar, the Rev E R Tarbuck,as on previous years. The amount realized was £35 10s. On this occasion the amount was given as a testimonial to the rev gentleman, who on Tuesday evening was inducted to the living at St George's, Altrincnam —The annual Easter offer- ings at ths Lymm Parish Church were given to the Rector of Lymm, the Rev G B Thurston, -ind amounted to the splendid sum of £ll5, which, we understand, has since been made up to £l5O. The collection last year was about £lO9 and the previ- ous year £BO. _

Tbe annual boat race organized by the Warring- ton Sailing Club was held on Satur lay afternoon on the river Mersey. Great interest was cemred in the event, and there were several hundred people present. Ihe course was from Widnes, round a buoy moored near Walton Arches and back again to the east end of Monks, Hall and Company's Old Qusy wall. Nine boats were entered, and of tnese the following competed :—Cninie, 15tt, ciptain, J Gleave; Mephisto,l6 tt, captain, 1 B unborn; hisde, 23it, captain, W Warburton; Peggy, 18ft, captatii,W Warburton jun ; and Wildflower, 22ft, captain, H Warburton The boats were han•licappeal at the rate of half a minute per foot length miasurement. Connie was first to come In sight, but, unfortunately broke her mast. Tne others were all in close order but some distance behind the first boat. On the return journey all the boats experienced crew-, ilifficulty in rounding the bend near Messrs Cro field's work, but splendid tacking on the the pa of Mephisto's crew gave her the lead, and she won easily by about 150 yards, from Wildflower. About a hundred yards behind was Tnistle, which finished third. The officials were: Starter, Mr William Bennett; number taker, Mr W Warburton; judge, Mr W Hatton; clminodore, Mr H Warburton; vice- commodore, Mr N Burrhem; treasurer, Mr Pem- berton; secretary, 1r J Gallon.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOMAN'S WEAKNESS.

This is the state of health Mrs A Sandfard,of Sinclair- town. Kircaldy, Scotland, was in prior to April 7th, I had looen for years a great sufferer from my Ki msye, also I,digestion. I always felt done, an frequently an inabilOy to do my work. My stomach waa in a ve-v bad condition,and would turn sour on t ie slightest thing, and I vr.45 troubled with a swimming sensation ; so much so that I did not feel it safe to cross the road. I would sometimes become quite numb all down one side, and I suffered very much from Rheuma- tism and Neuralgic Pains,ani had a burning sensation in the region of the Kidneys." Such was Mrs Sandford's hopeless state when she corn- mered to take Thdd's Kidney t ills but, after taking a few doses,an unmistakable improvement set in while she finally wrote :—" 1 soon began to enjoy life better than I had ever done before." Such a result brings hope to every sufferer, as the great Kidney remedy, Dodd's Kidney Pills, ma' do for you exacrly all they did for Mrs Sandi rd. It is m f set that *very painful or distressing symptom Mrs Sandford experi- enced was du' to her Kidneys; it is also a fact that once they cured the Kidneys, every distressing symptom van- ishfcl. Now, what are your symptoms, and what is the state of your Kidneas ? You want to consider these two points together, for you cannot have good heal.h with bad Ki neys. If you have good Kidnese you will have good health, and if you take Dodd's Kidney Pills you will have good Kidneys. Our thousands of testi- monials prove this. Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2'; 91 per boX,of all Chemists, or post free on receipt of price by The Dodds Medicine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Remember the name, 128.

Spiritualist Society. This society promo•ed a very successful" social" for Easter Monday. A capital tea was provided, after which the evening was spent in a very pleas- ant manner. Instrumetral solos were given by Messrs G Allen and J Bo ith on tbe violin and cornet respectively, and by Mr Joseph Poster on the piano; songs were given by Miss Furness, Mr Graton, Mr J Fcst-r, and others, and other friends contributed in various ways to the enjoyment of the evening. A number of games and dances were also participated in by most of the company. On Sunday Mr J C Macdonold gave philoscphic addresses on "To whom and how shall we offer devotion ?" and " flow stand we with regard to the Rationalism of the age?"

While a customer was making a purchase in a tobac- coniq;!s shop in Co gate, l'Aerborougb, on Tuesday, tho floor collapsed, but he managed to save himself by chnging to the counter. The floor proved to have been but a thin covering ever a deep well, the existence of which was unkoown to the shopkeeper, who had occu- pied the 13^Pnal-es f )r fllts crarq.

You are losing money and comfort so long as you wash with any other soap; and your grocer returns your money if you don't find Fels- Naptha a money-saver and comfort- maker. 2-'.;-d a bar. Fels-Naptha soap

Peninsular House Monument London E C

===== 0002601_19020404_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ODDS HE WANTED.

Who was that swaggering old fakir who promised to do such j ollv things it you would only give him " health and a day ?" The day we get, now and Waco, by Aftt of Parliament, (weather usually bad) but "health ! " Why , I can just lance him roahiog about witu a two- and-sixpenny umbrella over his head and a Benson's Porous Plaster on bis back,—looking for fun Whatever his luck may be, the plaster was right ; either as a remedy fcr his rheumatism or a protection against taking cold. For of all the contrivancs or make-ups ever ,at on the human skin to relieve pain, and to cure the ailments that cause pain, Benson's Piaster is the FIELD-MARSHAL COMMANDING.

It begins work, as a hungry man begins his break- fast, at Ctrs-word " R3ady." Lay the piaster on tie spot where the trouble is and smooth it down. A sense of warmth and comfort follows as a good dog leaps to his master's call ; and • cure cones so soon afterwards as to make you say, "Well, I do feel all right this morning Benson's is really something like a plaster ; it seems to know what it has t ) da and does it." Precisely. For rheumatism, stiff and sore muscles, influenza, coughs and colds,and any pain or malady for which an external remedy is the proper thing, use Bensoia's plasters. In- finitely 'preferable t 3 oils, liniments, and that sort of Cuff. Yes, there are lots of plasters but none like Ben- son's. Look sharp when you buy. For sale in Warrington by H. M. Ashton, 63, Sankey-itreet, I.oots, Ltd., 5 and 35, Bridge-s Wet, Hill and Co., Buttermark,t-street, H I Miller, 77, Bridge-street and J. R. Young, 40, Sankey- street.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE. CORPORATION TRAM NAYS ---- An Early Morning Trial Run.

In the early hours of Sunday morning the War- rington Corporation tramway roate from Sankey Bridges to Latchford was for the first time traversed by one of the handsome electric cars, and Warrington people will be gratified to learn that the trial was attended with complete success. Although strenuous efforts had been made to keep the time of the trial unknown to the public, it somehow leaked out that the car would leave the car-shed in Mersey-streat between midnight on Saturday and one o'clock on Sunday morning and the result was that quite a large crowd assembled , in Mersey-street to witness the departure. The car left the shed at a quarter past twelve, the passengers being Mr W H Grimadale, (electrical en- gineer and tramways manager to the Corporation) Mr Charman (representing the British Thomson Houstoa Company, who are responsible for the electric equipment), Mr Marsh (representing Messrs Preece andldCardew consulting engineers), and Councillor Jon Evans (one of the members of the Tramways Committee). Later these gentlemen were joined by Councillor Tinnion. Mr Charman steered the c r assisted at times by Mr erimsdale, and the fir6t run was to Sankey Bridges, and thence to Latchford Swing Bridge. The car traversed the lines several times until nearly six o'clock, when the trial, which was regarded as eminently sittisfac- tory, came to an end, about 15 miles having been covered altogether. Of course, there were frequent stoppages for purposes of inspection, all the "turn- outs" and cross-avers (points) coming in for especial examination. The overhead equipment was also found to be in good working o7der, alteaugh,as was to be expected, several minor alterations will have to be made before the service is in full swing. Great caution was observed on some parts of the route, but on others, when the track was clear, a high rate of speed was obtained. Eight of the cars have arrived and two more are on order for the „jVilderspoal route, the service on which will be peaed as soon as possible

A Bieff telegram annnunc,-is that Lieutenant Circdski was shot de td hy Staff Captain Slfron 'if in the barrack s gasre of tle Novgorod Regina3ot, before tne eyes of a lar4o aurrian of penpl. It is' toclisyed that Captain Sof roloff was mach incensed against the licutenant on acccomt of siinc aspersioas cast on na?mJe:s or his f amity.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
(From

WARRINGTON.

The Election of Auditors.—Mr. Osborne's Expenses. I Mr Edward Osborne's expenses incurred in the recant election of auditors for the borough are as follows :—Printing, £3 is; stationery, £1 is ; advertising, £4 us ; clerks and messengers, £1 is postages, &:c , 108; total, £lO 4s. Warrington Representatives at the Teachers Conference.

At the 33rd annual conference of the National Union of Teachers, opened at Bristol on Slonday morning, the Warrington representatives were : Miss Brooks and Messrs Blackwlll, Cinn, Edden, Jeffrey, Stansfield, and Upson. Accident near the Central Station.

A woman named Sarah -tout (23), who resides at the Star and Garter Hotel, Tyldesley, was al mitted to the Infirmary on Slonda3 afternoon suffering from severe injuries t 3 the head. It ppears that she was in a trap, and, when near the Central Station, she fell out and sustained the injuries named. She was dAtainel.as an in-patient.

Friendly Society Returns. The annual numerical returns of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, just issued, shows a total membership in all classes of 996,531 During the year the lodges in Great Britain and Ireland ad- mitted 43,639 new adult members ad the increase in the colonial and foreigu districis was 5,210. The society lost by deate 9,210 members by the seces- sion and expulsion of lodges 921 members. and by the secession of members 25.049. The total adult membership at the close of the year was 850,709, an increase of 13669. The juvenile branches admitted 18,124 new members, and transferred 8.210 to adult lodges. The total juvenile membership is 115,484. --Mr J Lister Stead, permanent secretary of the Ancient Order of Foresters has issued the numeri- cal and financial returns of the order for the year ended December 31st last. Tee returns show a total membership of 928,035, made up of male adult ben-fit members, 748,011; female adult members, 7.965; honorary members, 21,812; widows contri- buting for funeral allowances, 22,178; and juvenile members, 128,069 The net increase of members for the year is 13,452, of whom 12,813 are male adultlbenefit members. The juvenile membership shows a decrease of 1,714. During the year 40,993 persona were initiated as members of the adult order 9,098 members died, 24,723 members seceded, and 55 c.iurts, with 6,862 memoers. which had been suspended, were reinstated. The total funds amount to £7,172,833, a net increase of £337,022, the largest increase o.n record During the year sick pay has been paid to 182 639 ellfferent members in the United Kingdom, woo received an average allow- ance per member of 46.85 days, compared with 214,640, members and an average of 41.0 S days for , 1900. •

===== 0002601_19020404_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAFNESS AND DRY CATARRH 0 F THE EAR.

Those who suffer fr tin detect;ve hearinz, caused by dry catarrh of the middl., r,wilt fiod muco encourage- ment in the fact that the Editor of tie" Journal for the deaf" takes a more hopetuil view of this &seam than !wrists in general, who up to the present Cline, bave insisted that a very unfavourable opinion must be given as to restoration of hearing. This encouragement is derived from the remarkluic results reported in a great number of cases treated by the Drouet Method. In fact so great has lia=en the success of this treatment in all terms of deafness and ear diseases, Witt the Editor of the " Journal for the deaf " is now issu,ng regularly a supplement containing complete details of from 25 to 30 cases cured each month by toe Drouet Institute. In the April supplement will be noted particularly the Case of the Rev J. G., who suffered from deafness caused by dry catarrh. In f act the defective bearing Was of so serious a charaaer that a doctor had pro- nounced it incurable. Tbc cure effected by the Drouet Treatment was reported eember 17th, and ag;ain con- firmed nearly three months later. • The Rectory, Suffrik, March 11, 1902. Dear Sir,—l am glad to say I have bad no further return of the trouble, and look upon myself as cured. —Yours faithfully, J.G. big a clergyman, the Rev. J. G. does not wish bis name 4.appear, but be has intimated his willingness te communicate privately with aayone who (lasing to verify his testimonial. ad fall name and address can be obtained from the Drouet Institute.

_ Tbos mho are interested in Deaf cess And DiSnA('S of the Ear, N ,se and Throat, can obtain a free copy of the " Journal fir the Deaf," " with the Supplement," by addressing the Secretary, Drouat Institute, Regent's Park-road. London. N. W. Each journal is acco npanted by a Patient's Report Form which enables Applicants to receive full particulars for appiping treatiwnt at borne. Any advice by I correvondenet3 is absolutely free.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Elie " e7.amtntr Ottits

Tsi " WADDINGTON AND MID-CH RE ESHI Ex.sainica.- published every Saturday Morning. T" " EADLESTOWN AND NEWTON ExAmiNsE., published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS ExAsusnsa," published every Friday afternoon. T" .. RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday morning. THE "WIDNES EXAMII -EB," published every Friday morning.

_ _ , PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One cbarge Bemires insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE BIAMISKELi. WANTBDS. 6 TO BB LIM 1.8 WORDS 1/, ON SALES, And 3d for each succeeding 9 words The above charges are for PREPAYMICCT only. No adver- tisement inserted on credit under Is. per insertion.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
M tOt it Otrbants, ett.

WAN'lliD good ..iskiisLuti. able to wash.—Apply 71 Chapman Street, Holme, Manchester.

WANTBD two Respe3table GIRLS as General and Rune, —l4 SANDIWAY-HOAD. Wallasey, Cheshire.

WANTBD Strong Good GlitL, no washing,—Apply TATTIMSALL, 34, Warner-street, Acertneon.

WANTEiD, GBIIBitaL tiBIiVA.NT, good reference.— WILLIAM TAYLOR, 6, Irlam-rod, bale, Cheshire.

WANTED good GENERAL ; reference required.—Apply Dire WALKER, The Crescent, St. Annes on the Sea.

'WANTS', WAITRkISS, thoroughly good situation ;wages II £2o.—Apply KIBB HuheoN,l9,lrlalfl-atreet,Warrlng to a

ANT 4D two LAUNDIMS6S. April; live in.—Mrs JOHNSON. Rivingtoo Grammar School,Horwich ,Lanca.

IvANTBD good GNNIIRAL dlillV ANT, 18 to 25, three in family; good wage..—Apply 9, CRESCENT-HD, Birk- dale, Eoutbport.

NVANTED a Clean Respectable GIRL about 16 years tor housework, character required.—Apply 3, BOLD STREET, Warrington.

‘ili ANVIL) a COOK. two In family, excellent situation wages £lB to £2o.—Apply 31188 Ilunsox, 19. Irlam street, Warrington.

WARYBD, a FARM SR ftVANT. able to milk; good wages.--Apply. Mrs Mil.t.e, Young's Farm, Clifton, near Manchester.

WANTRD Good GBDISHAL, for two in family ; little washing ; small house ; good wages. Fare paid.-66, BRIDGE-BT., Chester.

LA11E131053 Wanted ; wages £2O with uniform; must have gond reference. -Apply MATRON, Victoria Hospital, Blackpool.

WAISTED GHNKRAL, with Rood character, three in faraily.—Apply Mrs FORTUNE. Northfield House, Deane-road, Bolton.

AVANTBD GRNBRAL SERVANT age 16 to 20 ; good borne; references prefer red.—Apply BAsTRAM. Franklin-street. Bury.

AITANTHD Good GHNBRAL, age out 22, must do plain V cooking —ILTB' TEXPERANCS HOTEL, 32 and 34, Norton-street, Liverpool.

WANTBD, Young GSBBRAL for small private family able to wash, reference.-46, WOODFIELD-ROAD, South Shore, Blackpool.

IVASTRO HOB S 4 S AID-WAITIIIISS, good silver cleaner and Ironer.—Apply T S HOWOIthI The Gables, Stamford-road, Bowdon.

WANTED a good plala COOK., good situation near W,a- ingtoa.no washing ; wages £23.—Apply Mies kinneon "19. Irlam-street, Warrington.

NyANTJAD Uood CuOK-Gt6:4111-tal immediately ; age 30 to 40; good personal references required.-11.aLr-WAY HOTEL. Boutddu.near IDolgelly, Wales.

WANTED good COOK-iltiloilittaiL, Hou•emlici, end Superior General, Excellent situation, Good wages GOBFORD, 30, Alice-road, Birkdale.

WANTBD good GBNBRAL, wages VI to £.14 a year good home for suitable person. —Quantum 85. Belmont Drive. Newsham Park, Liverpool

WAND at once tiOUslisbirsth-WAL:katcc for family of 3; nurse kept; late rill:wens ; ;wages £.20.—1t BIELTWIATLE, 5 Carshalton-road, Blackpool.

VVANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS; no washing ; good reference required; wages begin £lB.—apply I y letter stating age. MArnon, Union Workhouse, Bury, Lanes.

WARVID for PRIVaTiI house good GENBRAL, age from 23 Loa% must be clean and trustworthy ; rater- noes required—Mrs Mootus, 63,Westminster-rd,bloresambe.

VT Arran, HOIJSIIILIID or Superior-General ; age about 2, ; ter clergyman's house ; references.— Apply with full particulars. 41...M..12.9, Queetes-rd.Ltverpool

WANTRD General 8111RVANT ; three in faintly ; good wages ; go, d home —Send full particulars to littaftatiE, I/weld-road, Cherlton-cum-Har,y, Manchester.

141XPERIENOSD 'Male and Female HURON at a .L 4 moment's notice for all cases.—apply NITBAEB INSTIrII. TION, 70, nopo-street, Liverpool. Telephone 670. Telegraphic Address N"

furies.'

WANTBD,a respectable, strong country GIRL as General in a small private family : suitable person treated with every kiaduess.—Mrs Groucat, 49, Bryanston-road. Aigburth, Liverpool.

VTTLEITIIO &R t. SHRVAST,euperlor strong healthy 131/1 for Southport, three in family, washerwoman kept; W&A OS commence £1.5. must have good references.— it.. B Chambre,road, Southport.

WANTED In Clergyman's family, HOUSEMAID- WAITRESS, experieu-ed ; three servants; comfort- able home; good wages; must be Church ot Bugland,- -Address 23, Nawariaat•Dvavg. Liverpool.

VStanteb.

A GENTS to call on shopkeepers etc, good remuneration.— .1"11 Apply early, WEIMER. Moorland-read. Burs'era.

Wd ANTED, Cheap Bicycle. any condition ; prompt cash. —WILLtAnt, 141, Hey don's-roed. Wimbledon.

A PPRUNTIOnS —Two or three strong BOYS age about 14. 1-31. —Apply °Kokos PLUMPTON, Albion Works, Warrington

ANIAL a COWMAN ; good milker; Wages 225. per week.—Apply JOHN YA ILLS. Young'a Farm, Clifton, Manchester

WASTED good ERICKLAYIIHS at once at new faatory, BANDON-ROAD. Stafford; 9d per tour to good men.— Apply on the job'

WAR MEDALS wanted,dated 1848,0 given ; ales Arctic, lied River, Firket, Ateara, Diatabele,fdashona,Fenian Raid, U.—Major TOMBS, I)r0ltj

AGENT WaNTKD to secure outside positions In this District for Antonia...la Picture Machines. and to attend to same. —STEREOSCOPE COY , Sescombe, Liverpool.

-UIPIRARL ASoURANCE COICY&NY.—WANTED TWO RespeCtable COLLECTORS full or spare time.—Mr 0 BRlRN,Dietrict:Superlntendent,26 Arpley:street,Werrington

AGBNTS WANTED, to sell Hardware, Jewellery, Furniture, Clothing, Goods of all kinds. Wholesale Catalogue Free.—BERRIDGE AND CO. (102) Binulneham.

WANTED, Ladies to Write for two reliable and most effectual Recipes; post free ls. P.O. and penny stamp —NUS. bEINECIEE, 48, Parkslde-rd, Hillsborough. bhollield.

AGBNTS WANTED. Ink Erasing Bleetrosine Pencil, erases in in two seconds without abrasion ; one agent's profit 8 weeks over £7S,—ERASER, 18, Lockwood. road. Done ster.

WAN,BD, situation as COACISMAri ; lite experience ; valet it necessary ; age 43 ; married, (no boy 13 years ; good ebaraeter.-oLiess, 44, taladstene-street, Winsterd. Cheshire.

SSQALBSIdEN WANTED, big salary or commission paid to Bell our goods by sample, wholesale or retall.—Address, enclosing 2ick for postage, CAN-DEx MaatiFaCTURING UOM- Taav, Buffalo, N.Y.. United States America.

BLACKPOOL a bteady trustworthy SIAN, TO ASSIST Advertiser in a good sound business one who can Invest £350 at 4 per cent for 4 years. 30s per week, hours 9 to 5, previous knowledge not Re quired.— 40, KanT-nn,Blackpool.

I.3RIASH HOMES ASSURANCE' CORPORATION. RNDOWIIdIiNT, and HOUSE' PURCHAdE.—An Agent wanted, whole or spare time. A successful man will secure speedy promotion.—Write Jourr PODMORE, BeWeey Chambers, Warrington.

SANITART INSPECTORSHIPS, salaries £lOO to £250 numerous vacancies. Postal Course ef Lessons now commencing for Liverpool and Leeds and other examina- tions ; previous experience unnecessary ; over 250 successful candidates; ladies eligible.—Apply BCBERT 31U811108, Lazy ScienceTeaeher, SunderlanJ. INaMe paper.

340r5t5, gi

,Stark,

===== 0002601_19020404_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
arriacitO,

IiOttSECLOTHING.

BEAUMZNT LIMITED, 26, W ITHCHAPIIL. LIVERPOOL. Manufsetvirers of all kinds of Horseelothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, ao. kieme and export. Established 3012.

ROT WINS.

Jr° BE SOLD MISER LURRIRS AND MB CARTS. 1 Suitable for either farmers or Contractors. Good con- dition,sr heels and body,WILLIAM NORlll.9,Farnworth,'Nidnes

Wilt3l.--LlLloss New Farm Ltinu.Y on Sale, jilt. Lin. by bft. 91n., tlin. wheels, screw brake on front ; side boards, thrlppere, ,11.—CoLzBoRN AND MUIR, wheelwrights bt• Helens.

--- ON SALB, a splendid thick Welsh COB; 14 hands ; seven years old ; warranted quiet and a good worker : also bt-BING CAUT and harness to cult aane ; will sell together or separate.—Apply Mrs OBBELL, Grocer, E6O, Manchester- road, Higher bee, near Wigan.

300tt15, vporocs, 15carlImg 05tabc

Apartments, gurntOtii flouott.

LANGOLLISN.—TuDoR kiounc.—APAlatdllNTO. with or without Board ; terms moderato.

QT, A N Hei.ON-THH-BA.—APAHTMIIN TS near golf AY links and sea.—Mrs Biar,Holker House, Victoria Road-

APARTMENTS,either eitting-roora and bedroom or com- bined roomovith or without,board.-118, LOND)X.BD, Stockton Heath.

QOUTIIPORT. -Public and private apartments. Pianos, The MISSES ECHoPIELD AND ELLIS, Beach View, a, Seabank-road,

DLACKPOOL.-COMFORTABLB APARTMSNTS. Mrs. Scam. Err. 24, Dickson-rd; 2 minutes from Talbot-rd Station and Sea. Piano.

BLACKPOOL.—tiomfortable APARTBINNTS, public and private —Mae DORBER, The Villa, Promenade, South Shore. Special Winter terms.

Af HS S L HMIETT, 47, Hornby-road, Blackpol, Near _L Central Station and sea, and aIL places of amusement Ho_aoly Apartment'. Piano.

V BST KIRBY, PARRFIRLD, 11,Paax-aoan. Superior APARTMENTS with or without board, near promen- ade and station ; South aspect.

COLWYN BAY, APAUTM/SNTS or board-residence. Three minutes from station and pavilion. Piano, Bath, Moderate —BEAMER, Bawarden-read,

- - ABOUT YOUR SUMMER HOLIDAYS. Consult tbe .t 1 "Camp Herald " ; illustrated, free.—SEcilwriair, Holi- day camp, Groudle near Douglas, 1.0. M.

"Iti RS EVANS. 65 Albert-road. Blackpool. Central .131. APARTMBNTS—bedroom. public bitting-room, cook- ing and attendance for two persons, 2s per day.

LADKPOOL.—COMPANY HOUSE. 16 beds, with IJ Tea-rooms. valuation, near galbot-road Station ; inves- tigation invited.—PAßZEß, 43, Springfield-road.

BLACKPOOL. —APARTMBNTS with or without board; situated near station and sea ; trams pass door.—Mrs. FrrTox, Crompton House, 128, Central-drive. Piano.

BLACRPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMRNTS closel to Talbot-road htAtion. with or without board, Piano. Terms Moderate.—dun. LIVINGEMIE, 6. Topping-street.

BLACKPOOL.—COMFOITABLM is.PARTMIINTS. close to station, mad all amuiements, terms 2s. ; bed and attendance. -Mrs. CLAIME, 31, Ribble-rd, oft Central Drive.

BLA.ACIPOO.I.).—A. AtZerktitotniEgotr.B. 2811;leatalaiaLt7-3:tkrDeet(ll4trtohi Shore ; 3 minutes from Talbot-rd, Station, and close to Sea

WBST KIRBY —Superior ROOMS in well-furnished hoase : south aspect ; excellent cooking ; five minutes from station and close to promenade.-4, OHURCH•RD., West.

-10111BSTATYN N.W.—Superior comfortable APAIITIONTS I. for two or more persons for Easter holidays ; terms moderate; clese sea and station.-2 SOUTH Vlnw.Sandy-lane.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
.

EA be &et.

rpo LET, GOOD HOUSE, convenient, rent moderate.— ..1 Apply TROMIS HARDING. Orford-road, Warrington.

BRICK CROFT TO BE LBT, situated in Cinnamon-lane, Yearnhead.—For putioulars apply Mr Kos, Westwood Hall, Lower lure, Wigan.

I'o LET, Charming kesidence, 12 rooms, stabling for three I. excellent orchard, 4 acres paddock. Near Weym outh. —T LLOYD, Chickerell, Weymouth. BLACKPOOL : South Shore, near sea, 24 BOOMED HOUSH (empty) redi.red rent, bad good connection. 15 Alexandra-road,—FLSHER. Crystal-road.

rpo LET, Capital lofty SHOP and HOUSE ; with cellar- -1 age ; 84, Micas-road, Douglas, 1.0. M. ; suit any Hue. Apply J.K., 8. Alexander-drive, Douglas, 1.0. M.

LlaT. STAELB and COACHHOUSII. With lofts ovdr 1 large yard attached off Tannersame.—App'y WOODS lt Sex aelieitors, b. Hersemarketstreet, WArringtnn.

JOHN WALKER tSt CO. COMMERCIAL AND GENERAL PRINTERS,

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, . PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. r ELEPHONE, 335 y.

Obutatfon.

NI RWTON-LE - WILLOWS.—ICIRKPIRLD BOARDING 11 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on applica- tion to principals.

WBLSHPOOL GIIAMMAR SCHOOL.— Comfortable home. flood education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trsins.

gPiotko, Zuconti%eg, eft.

FIII3T-OLASS 3WBBTS, Chocolates, and Ices, In Moss Side, Manchester; cbeap.—Apply 35, HEYWoOD- -BTRICET, Moss Side, htanchester. No agents.

and SMALLWARB BUSINESS to be disposed of, kJ Shop niceiv fitted. good house part, bargain if taken at onee.—apply 278 CROW-LANE. W., Bariestown.

t IR IP ci HO f. well fitted (Lock up) and house ohop,nweets, %....1 Minerals, Tobacco,to be sold Cheap. Cause of leaving other Business ; Rent be 3d clear.—Vimwie, 22 Church. street, Middleton. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
eggss, Voultrp, etc.

:lAMB Doric:lag, game Orpington eggs. le 6d sitting, un- fertileireplaced.—LONGßOTToM, liana= Hall, Hull,

WILD DUCK EGGS. 256 d sitting; Buff Leghorn Eggs, 2s —.l. T. TWEEDY, Bottoms, t..bipping near Preston,

ellialllD Breeding Pen BUFF•ORPINGTONS (cock and l_X four hens) on sale ; di:W.—CHM, fdelling-road,Maghull, near Liverpool.

HBARSOWS 100-BGG INCUBATOR for sale. Also 50- Chicken Foster-Mother £6 135.—Mrs NonstaN,Whltby, near Ellesmere Port,

QI/CADY THE BUFFS '—Urpingtons (the only cooks). Leghorns (Bateman) ; eva 4s doz. Pullets, laying. 5e to IN.—PORTER, Stock, Ingatestone.

PURB-BBBD Buff Orpington's ; Bggs 3. per doe. (wafer- tile replaced); alickens from 6s per doz. List sent.— NIGHTINGALE, Ciliate Fields, Shrewsbury.

QITTING EGGS.—Black !Cuomo, White Leghorn, An- daluslan, Barred Plymouth, 31 sitting ; inspection iusite,i.—TonLimsorr, Blacksmith, Treats.. Kirkham,

EGS.—Brown and White Leghorna, Minoreas, Buff Rocks and Houdan Rooks. Utility and beauty studied. 2, 6.1 sitting.—BROADBENT. Platt Hill, Dodeross, Oldham.

LT &IMLAY FOOD.—Wonderful egg-procl7.cing Poultry dpice Wonderful preventative agahast gapes in chickens Large tin Is 3d.-RANICINfr BORLAND, Chemists, Kilmarnock.

, EGGS FOR 61111NG.—SBASON 192. Poultry Keepers will now be asking, where they can get Good and Re- I liable Eggs ? An important question, st Ong so much fraud practiced at the present day. Take no notice ot Prize Winners, but see the Birds if possible. I have a Stock of Birds well worth seeing, and cordially invite an Inspection Of, the following Pure Birds :—Langshans, Indian Game. White Brahmas, Lancashire Buffs, Black Leghorns, Buff Leghorns, Brown Leghorus, Buff Orpingtons, Black Orping- tons, Houdens, Golden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandotte., Buff Wyandotte', Black Minorca.' Blue Andiluslans, White Leghorn., Barred Plymouth Rocks, Buff Chochins. two pens of First Crosses for Good Layers and 't able Birds ; one Houden Cock, Buff Orpington Hens, Brown Leghorn Cock Golden Wyandottes Hens, all A-1. liggs all else rrlce,viz -2s 64 per 13 Bilge to them who feteh them. 3. carefully packed and put on rail. If not 10 Fertile liggs in each sit- ting I will make all good if brought back or sent C.P. Splendid Buff and White Runner Ducks, Grand Layers, st 2s per doz. Note change of address :—HIiNRY DitApER. 261, Newton-road, Lowton St Mary's. near Newton-le- Willows. No Business done on Sundays.

-a-

isalts pribatt rear)

30 (all different) Anniversary Hymns A Anthems; both notatlons,le,—WAsn,l37.Attercliffe Common,Sheffield.

I JIVS FISH prepared for cooking. 101iss., car. paid,2s. 6d Particulars free.—FISIIMONGER.B SYNDICATE, Grimsby

TIMATCHWORK. 200 pretty crazy .silks 15.5 d, print patches Is. Id par.—BARRI, "A bley. Mourdsorrel,Loughboro._

CIIIOIOB EASIER LAMB.-11.ib tore-quarter delivered tree, 58 6d ; trial solicited.— GRANT, Butcher, Stockwell, London.

VAULKNERS are LARGE CASH BUYBRS a Hay and 1: Clover.—Apply, FAULIENEES, Merchants, Pendlebury, Manchester.

-I,IASHIONABLB Gold.plated Curb Bracelet, with Padlock. 1: Polaor 13 stampa.—SETTLE, 34 West Green-road, Tottenham, London.

NTEURALOIA BUFFER BUS send stamped addressed enve- -11 lope for a slmple,safe and guaranteed oure.—ARMSTEAD & Co, Clarendon-Bt. Oxford.

-UIISH FOR LENT. —Blb, 25 5 111 b, 2s 6d; 141,3. ; 161 b .12 and unward 2fd lb ; cleaned; freshness guaranteed; trade supplied.—DoLnurr irrsa Co.. Grimsby Docks.

MANUFACTURERS' REMNANTS.—Dress Goods,Flannel, ettes. Calicos, Linens, Shirtings. 10lb bundles cheap. Price list free. W MAR/MN, Merchant Bradford.

25 DRESS LEMURS ; exquisite Alpaca in black and S. silver grey, only 14s 6d each. Approval free. - JOHN RemsAY, 19 Imperial Arcade, Birmingham.

ASTROLOGY.—Your future foretold, marriage, &a. S tate birth-time. Thirteen stamps, 'tamped envelope.— Prof. BOWNESCI (Desk 2), Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

LooK.-1 grosb linen and dress buttons. large assortment sinallwares.pair gloves.free 5s , handsome present every tenth parcel.—FARROW, Haberdasher, Upgate, Louth.

VIM FOR LHNT.-61b, 23 ; 9113, 23 6i ; 121 b upwards, 3d 12 lb ; carefully cleaned; carriage paid; lists free ; trade supplied. —CA/CADIAN Flea 00•Glittieby Docks.

_ - CIANCRR OURIC—Apply Twoidsh BRAIS, PT 0 L, • The Willows, 19 Oglander-road, East Dulwich, London. Testimonials numerous ; for inspection; cutting not effectual

WHO'S YOUR LAWYER ? I haven't required one einee f bought of tßosby Lockwood and Son. 1, Stationers' Hall Court, London, 8.C.. a copy of EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER.' by A BARRISTER. police 68. Bd, post tree, which has been repaid to me 20 times over In the saying of lawyers' eel. Sew and revised Edition (1902) just published.

*aim bp Prlbate ertatp.

SNIPS.—Misfits by London Tailor 30s, cost treble.-127. MORTIMEB-ROAD, Kansa! vise, London.

r 1 )0 MATO GROWING, practical treatise post free 64c1.—W I. T BBOCHLSHURIT. Tomato Grower, Ruthin.

IDATCHwOItiC RIBBONS.-103 free 12 stampe.—Mrs ROBERTS. 98 Cazenove-road, etoke, Newington. CCRONATION YHAR lovely pillow LACB to be obtained from W.u..ma. Lace Dealer, Kimbo Notts.

BANKRUPT BARGAINS. Ladies Jewelled silver watches 10s. gents lt.ls 63.—R. A. FRENCH, Halstead Bisex.

HEART DISHAoR CURED. Wonderfully Medicine free 2s 9d.—' VITA," 41, ICorporatlon-street, Manchester.

rl-13N stone kits live PLAICII. COD, HADDOCKS, etc., 1. 15s, also basses selected fish 2s 6d.—Write to LUDA FISH SUPPLY Co., Grimsby,

GOIRG ABRO Gentleman will sacrifice magnificent Zither Banjo with ease for 335, cost £4, approval.— PINNY, 22, Paul-road, Peckham, London. CIARRIAGH !paid fills bundle good print PATCHWORK 21 Bd. Beautiful dills or Plush Patchwork 7d and 134 a bsg.--11 Dm, 48, Thornsui-street, Zfanohester,

ENTS cheap Ties, new Spring gods. silk or satin, 2 for Is Id., 3 for la 7d. Silk handkerchiefs handsomely em" bossed, ls Id. post free.—H. PLEDGER. White-st., Brighton.

(IMP POTATO Ind Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety V Champion Ranges, Potato Peelers. Shop on Wheels 100-page List free.—Ml.lMAT'B, Polandstreet. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Alationerp, etc.

HIGH-CIT. ABS GAS BDIGINRS ; new design ; latest im. provements Sizes in stoek, one to twenty-torr brake horse power.—Bnuaa ASHWORTH, Collyburst, Manchester. GAS ENGINE for Sale: li h p.—Apply G S ALLAN, 62, Pa rker-e treet , Warrington.

PATENT OFFICO M ABOHESTER , ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SOB have hart more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment. andpos se s s pr aetiaa 1 knowledge of the cotton ,woollen and iron manufactures.

"Sell-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Pateat Laws," price la. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., A SON, F.1.P.A.,

4, sT. ANN'S SQUABB, MAiOHBSTBR.

R'bare.

- AMES P. BATH and SOH. STOCK AND SHARK BROKERS. Telephone 6,613. 29, RANBLAHH-STRBBT. LIVBRPOOL,

GREAT SPRINGI- CLEARANCE SALE AT prTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just put Station. through Railway Arab). ALSfs AT pITTS'S PANTHEON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central station). THE RENOWNIsD GENERAL FURNISHERS. PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &A. GRANDEST DISPLAY IN ENGLAND. 'OVER 300 FEET OF SHOP WINDOWS. FIFTY THOUIiAND POUNDS WORTH ON VIEW.

PITTS'S SPRING SALE.-HOUSRS OF FURNI- TORII at 15f, 22f, 28f. 384, 59, 75, 100. 230, up to 1,000 unlaces, are, in point of Excellenoe, Durability. and VALUE, the VBRY HEST OBTAINABLIL Tia,,y represent a CLBAR SAVING OF 50 PBR CENT as compared with others. Full particulars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE containing 700 designs, priced post free. Cash prices Oily quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent extra.

PITTS'S SPRING SALE DINING-RUM FUR. NlTURS.—Tastefni Suite In 1.1 treeht Velvet, £8 Bs, Cost double. Another. eisborttely Larved, covered In Lister's Velvet, cost £2l, for £lO ice. Genuine Oak Suite, profusely carved. cost £24, for £ll 11s Walnut Suite,ln Holt Oriental Saddlebags, cost £25, for £l2 12s A most ornate Suite In Walnut and real Leather, eost £27, for £l4 14e. Brown Oak Suite. in Saddlebags and Velvet. cost £3O, for £l5. Spoon- back Suite in Maroon skins, cost £3l, for £l5 15s. Grand Suite, Mahogany and Morocco,cost £35, for £lB 18s. Another Walnut £l9. Natty bideboard for £3 151 ; larger one, £4 15s. Reai Walnut Sideboard, chaately carved Panels, numer- ous bevelled plates, cost £l2 for £8 6s. Another fine and Sold. £8 8.. Real beauty, in genuine Walnut, handsomely carved. £9 10s. Massive, lofty sideboard, In Mahogany, cost £2i, for £l2 12s. Grand Walnut Sideboard, cost £3l, for /214 ifs. Magnificent Oak Sideboard, At for a mansion,cost £4O, for £l9 19s, Several other. up to £5O each. Dining Table, substantial white top, 274 6d. Real Oak Dining Table, cost £6, for £216.. Genuine Mahogany one for £3 151 Walnut ditto, cost £lO, for £5 ss.

pITTS'S SPRING SAL& DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURH,—Gensa Velvet Suite, cost £l5. fer £7 10. artistic suite in rich covering cost £lB for £9 9s. Very effective Inlaid Suite. cost £2O, for £lO 10s. Bsantiful Inlaid Rosewood Suite in Silk. coot £22. for £ll Hs. Exquisitely Carved Dark Mahogany Suite, coat £27, for £l4 14s. Grateful Walnut Suite, really beautifully finished. cost £3O, for £l6 16s. Lovely Suite, cost £35, for £lB. Cabinet, tasteful design. cost £B, for £3 10s. Another larger, £4 15s Chippendale Cabinet, numerous mirrors, carved brackets, &c.. cost .£l2, for Re 6s. Inlaid Rosewood Cabinet, cost £l6,lfor £8 Bs. Chippendale, Dark Mahogany, cost £2l, fos £lO 10.. lfrench style, very choice, coat £25, for £l3 13e. Overmantel, neat design. £2 10s ; more elaborate £3 10s, cost double. Walnut Overmantel, very nicely finished. cost £lO, for £4 15s. Genuine Oak: chastely carved cost £l5 tor £5 10s. Coal vase, attractive design, fine mountings, cost £3, for 27s 63. Another, cost £4, for £2 Zs. dare Selection,

pITTS'S SPRING SALE BEDROOM FURNI- TURIL—WaInut Suite all requisite artioles, cost £l6, for £8 Eielliknothsr, cat ,ilB, for £lO 10s. Satin Walnut Suite, cost £2l, for £ll 11s. Mahogany Suite, consists of roomy wardrobe with bevelled plate-glass door, dressing chest, with bevelled swing mirror, jewel boxes, washstand, with marble slab, tile back. with bevelled plate over, pedestal rail, and two chairs ; cost £24, for £l2 12s. Handsome Ash butte, cost £3O, for £l5 Beautiful Walnut Suite, cost £35, for £l7 17s. Magnificent Italian Walnut Suite, cost £4O. for £23 10s. Noble Satin Walnut Suite, cost £5O, for £27 10s. Extremely Ornate Walnut Sulte.ro- Neely carved panels, fine design, and rare workmanship, cost £6O. for £32. Richly figured Spanish Mahogany eulte, cost £7O, for £l6. Grand Dark Mahogany Chippendale Suite, cost £3O, for £45. bcores of others.

PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps. China, Glass, Earthenware, Trunks, Travelling Bags, Billiard and Bagatelle Tables. Magnificent selection.

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LOND 3N-ROAD (Ardsrlek and Longsight Cars). AYTHOEN (all City-road Cars pass Door). Established 1845. National Telephone. 1,129.

eptits, ttr

If New covers 756& re-rtabbering 4s 61, re.llnlng 1 28.—FBERMAN AND Co, 126 a, Paddington, Liverpool.

BICICLES offered In exchange for old stamp% or coloured engravinga.—KNABTEß'S CYCLE DEPOT, Cambridge.

MOTORS for Mayales, Motors for Tandems, supplied and fitted. Lists free. We are manufacturers.— CALVERT, 12 Woodvilie-road, Mildmav, Loudon, N.

- TO CLOOGERS.—ON RATA, the WORKSHOP AND A- STOOK-IN-TRAMS of the late dward Rothsrell ; situated in Stanley-street--Apply 23, PARR BROW Tyldeeley Manchester.

Mr CIIAMIERLAIN has Prisoners of War, before him a matter of some difficulty in meeting an appeal which is to be made to him by the Aus- tralian Ministry. It is understood that Mr BAR- TON will be moved to move in turn the Colonial Secretary on behalf of Lieutenant WITTON of the Eushvelt Carbineers, who has just arrived at Southampton under sentence of penal servitude for life. Nothing in Erckmann-Chatrian's stories of the Napoleonic Wars, or, indeed, in modern melodrama, reads half so grim, so terrible, so dark with fate enveloping in its folds a bright young life as the lieutenant's tale. He is a young fellow with an open countenance, a strong, manly face, but unhardened by the campaign or by the prospect ot the Cimmerian future it seems to have made for him. In the height of the Imperial en- thusiasm at the Cape he volunteered for service, and it may be taken for granted he was a man of good character, otherwise he would not have been given a commission. Some of the Australian yeo- men who enlisted as ordinary troopers were pro- digal sons,but the selection of the officers was made very carefully. Toe lieutenant's account of his degradation is that Boers had shot several of the Carbineers while they were lying wounded on the ground,and that a senior officer gave orders for the shooting down of all Beers on whom hands could be laid. According to this statment, the young man is to suffer twenty years of privation and I sorrow because of his enthusiastic loyalty and 1 docile obedience So, at least, some of his apolo— gists will say. It is important, however, that the matter should be clearly understood. Aus- tralian yeomen in taking service were bound • by the ordinary rules of martial law, and the fact that they were inspired more by patriotism than pay avails nothing. The col- ditions are macie in. the mutual interests of all people that go to war. Further, the pies that the Boers who exhibited the white flag and were shot in the act were our enemies counts for nothing. They were by the proclama- tion of Lord ROBERTS fellow-subjects of the KINel, and to shoot them unless they were handling firearms, in which case they were rebels, must be an act of murder. Of course, if treachery were general among the Boers our soldiers would have to take a common-sense rather than a theoretical view of the situation, and not wait for the sound of bullets to ascertain whether the white flag was or was not a genuine demonstration. Bat these:eases of slimness have been an exception rathe than a rule. This view of the situation must applY with equal severity to Boer commandants who are caught after breaking the rules of the Geneva Convention. It would be preposterous if, for example, the evidence against Ken zixc;na be strong, to expect us to be sentimental over him and yet on reading that two Australian officers had been shot for infractions to say : "How just and proper." ,That would be carrying magnanimity too far. The Bible does not require us to love our neighbours, whether they be enemies or not, better than ourselves; and it is sufficient to take t that high ethical standard. There is, however, room for mercy while endea- vouring to maintain some decency on the battle- field. For one thing, despite the anomaly of the proclamations, our Government admits that practi- cally we are still in the midst of a real war, and not the mere flickering embers. The punishment for acts of inhumanity should rest on those primarily responsible; and if the explanation of Lieutenant WITTON, that he acted under order 9 from a senior, be true, then, of course, he should be released. But even if he were particeps crinzinis we may well be content,!allowing for the circular stances of passion, in making examples of more prominent officers who were associated with hirs. Their graves on the lonely veldt shew that we have dealt out judgment with an impartial hand, and are not respecters of persons. We may hope that the KING will be induced to shew clemency in thi9 instance, and that discipline will not suffer on thA account.

ONE of the uses of the After the Holiday. holidays—a use exer- cised quite unconsci- ously—is that they form settling days for punlic Opinion. Englishmen, according to the old pro- verb, take their pleasures sadly ; and although they welcome the breathing time from work, and may seem in many cases to indulge themselves pretty generously, most of them have some serious thoughts this Eastertide.Christmas and Easter are times of:family stocktaking, when the circles are made up in town or country, and fathers discuss with their sons, and brothers with brothers, as a change from sheer amusement, what are their prospects. That is characteristically English. It is only when an Englishman gets drunk that he quite forgets the serious business of life,and it may be taken for granted that in most households during the past few days there has been, as a break from the amuserneLts, an examination of prospects and a discussion on the questions of the future. The outlook cannot be regarded as bright for the rising generation, or for the large body of hand-to-mouth workers. So far the taxation from the war has had little appreciable effect, save to put old age pensions outside the reach of practical political politics. The burden has been very evenly distributed, and the people have borne it cheerfully, because they felt that Bach a course would assist the Government in the prosecution of the war. There can be no doubt also, that the employment of so many Reservists at the front has not been without its compensa- tions at home. The balance of ordinarily unem-

ployed have benfited ia being called in to fill the vacancies, and during the early part of the war, at any rate, there were comparatively few men out of work. The state of things is beginning to change. The increase in the rate of interest is beginning to tell on the specula- tive building trade, and bricklayers and brick- /avers labourers are already feeling the difference. It will affect the carpenters before long. Then in the course of a few months, as the Reservists are brought back, men in all kinds of positions will be dispossessed of their temporary places, and the patriotic services of our citizen soldiers will be remembered—at least,we may hope %o—by employers. On the other hand, however,it must be remembered that the Army is being made more attractive to the surplus male population,and the need for filling up the gaps will correct to some extent the overflow in business channels. Still, it is evident that life will be stressful for the mass of the population, and that the prosperity of the last decade is likely to be subject to a heavy discount in the near future. There is one other sign of the times which must cause sme inquietude. This is the tobacco war,with Its ominous suggestion of the development of trusts in this country. In the combat which has just begun between the groups of British an Atzierican firms, money is to be spilled much more copiously than is blood on the actual battlefield, and we are told that one or the other of the great leagues is to be crushed. :The hope of the fighters, of course, is that they may receup themselves out of the British public when the other side is obliged to retire worsted, and something like a monopoly is "established. Happily this first large experiment In trusts in Great Britain is made in a line in Which it should be most difficult to secure a mor o- Poly. The shops are the most easy to equip with stock-in-trade,and any attempt to manipulate. them O n one side or the other is almost certain to fail If the small tobacconists were to turn their shops into tied houses for the English or the Americans, other shops would be opened. The British work- ingman may also '3e trusted to shew some impar- tiality in this matter, and we may hope that the contest will be a warning rather than an encour- agement to other American concerns; but it will want watching, nevertheless.

The very unpleasant statement is made that there are as many illiterate men over twenty-one Years of age in the Southern States of America as there were half a century ago. The Public Educa- tion system has been working for more than thirty Years, and the number of schools is larger than the North Atlantic States can shaiv. Both these facts argue sheer indifference. It might have been thought that old feeling of resentment against the blacks would have operated as regards this matter le a useful direction. The wish to maintain , Superiority over the coloured races should have affected the lower classes sufficient to make them ' eager to be able to read and write. But it is est so. The unskilled labourers maintain the same indifference to opening up the ordinary channels for exercising intelligence. 7he negroes in a considerable proportion take advantage of schools; but generations must come Xld go,and hereditary characteristics must modify Defore they can use to much commercial profit the benefits conferred upon them. We hear occa- clonally of a public man such as Mr Washington ,1300ker, whom President Roosevelt delights to eenour, and like Dunbar the poet; but these bright, intellectual stars only deepen the feeling Of .disappointment as to most of the swarthy- skinned. So the indifference remains among the lower strata of the white population, and fifty , years have passed without any perceptible quicken- zing of them from inertia. Some people are dis- Posed to trace the failing to the poverty caused by he Civil War; .but it is sufficiently remote for its influence to be ended now.

Sir Walter Besant's Autobiography had been carried to its natural ending before the novelist died, and its issue at the present time comes as an interesting memorial of his career. Sir Walter regarded novel-writing as a profession rather than a vocation, and the creations of his fancy are not likely to have a lasting fame. They are pleasant easy, clean reading, but without much distinction of style. They were turned off with regularity on an average one a year for seventeen years,and they were sure of a market. Others have emulated Sir Walter—only, as the frishrlan would say, more so giving us books of entertainment at the rate of three or four a year. Perhaps the fact that " All Sorts and Conditions of Men" inspired the dove- ,lopment of the People's Palace led Sir Walter to ae satisfied quite early with work or a purpose; and, after all, is rnolesome fiction,. which banishes anxiety and brightens a passing hour, ..‘lid still rings true, altogether purposeless ? Sir 'alter, too, though he never pretended to havea kission, had a great sense of what was due to his nfession as an author. He never resorted to Indirect methods of advertising. He allowed his .toublishers to manage the " publicity" department. 'ln the whole course of his Autobiography he never Illentions the Knighthood which was conferred 11130 n, him by the late Queen Victoria. His modesty °r.loade that. In two directions outside novel- writing Sir Walter also did noteworthy service. books.on London were compiled with loving 4e!lre, and are delightful monuments of the tradi- Zians and history of the metropolis. His interest :a the Palestine Exploration Fund was very helpful to a movement of immense benefit to scholarship.

-- In the death of Mr. Rhodes the Empire has lost Igna of its greatest and most dominant men, while aouth Africa has been bereaved of he who has 14.°11,0 more than any other to mould its future des- The deceased statesman was great in the aenSe that his wealth was enormous, and his :aPacity for formulating and carrying out vast tct,ilemes, really colossal. He was not a man of "B Bright or Gladstone stamp, but one of those .wh° placed power and empire before principle.

In this respect Mr. Rhodes' patriotism, though sincere enough, was of a dangerous type, for to a great extent it was based on the assumption that territorial aggrandisement came easily first in all considerations for the Empire's greatness. He had a great respect for "territory "—the word was almost the guiding star of his existence—and very little for social and political ideals. The patriotism of the materialist was ,emphatically his, and it is this fact which I apparently impels the" Manchester Guardian" to make the following severe but not altogether mis- taken estimate of his life. "With a real inclina- tion to serve his country and with powers that would have enabled him to serve her effectually, the judgment of history will, we fear, be that he did more than any Englishmen of histime to lower the reputation and to impair the strength and compromise the future of the Empire."

Warrington has already decided to commemor- ate the Coronation of King Edward VII. in a number of ways. One item in the programme is the presentation of an illuminated address to His Majesty. We commend the following remarks of the "Local Government Chronicle" for the con- sideration of the local committee :—"We would earnestly impress upon local authorities" says this journal," the desirability of refraining, as far as possible, from showing their loyalty by means of unnecessarily expensive addresses, which will not afford the slightest gratification to any person except the senders, and which in all probability the King will never even see. At the time of her late Majesty's death we know for a fact that within a period of three days over 7,000 addresses were I received at the Home Office. The receipt of these was officially notified, but His Majesty the King certainly did not see one per cant of them,and the remainder might for all practical purposes have been sent direct to the waste •paper basket. If we take the average cost of each address at the low figure of three guineas we arrive at the astonishing and disappointing result that over £21,000 was spent in a period of three days which really pro- vided no satisfaction to anyone except the illum- inators and dealers in vellum. When we consider the amount of good which rc ight have been done had this large sum been applied in a more practical way we cannot but hope that a similar occurrence may he avoided on this occasion. We imagine that what we all want is to do that which, while showing our loyalty to and affection for our Sovereign, would be most pleasing to himself, and the natural ques- tion to ask is in what form the expression of our loyalty would be most acceptable to the King? It must be evident to everyone that the causes which he has most at heart are the amelioration of the condition of the poor, the sick. and the suffering, and in the promotion of works of this and a simi- lar description we shall do more to please him than can be done by presenting him with any numb3r of elaborate addresses, which he will certainly never read and probably never see."

Red tape is for ever clogging the wheels of progress and slowing their movement. We note that the Local Government Board has, on the ' report of its official auditor, elecided that the Warrington Rural District Council is not entitled to send a deputation to the Public Health Congress at the expense of the rates because such a congress is not deemed to come within the meaning of section 2 of the Public Health and Local Government Conference 1885. The absurdity of the thing is apparent, and we fail to see why the Local Government Board and its auditor cannot rest content as long as the spirit of the law is observed. If there is any annual conference where it is advisable such bodies as Rural and Urban Councils should be represented,the Health congress is the one. Coun- cillors have here an unequalled opportunity of learning the most up-to-date methods of preserv- ing the public health and profiting by the experience of other authorities. The Local Government Board's action is, as several mem- bers remarked, a distinctly retrogressive step, and one certainly not in accord with the wishes of those who framed and established the Act quoted. The protest which has been sent from Warrington is very necessary in the interests of the Council and of the ratepayers whom the Board seems so solicitous about, and we hope a reconsideration of the matter will result in a more commonsense view being taken of "the meaning of the Act." Otherwise, we shall be tempted to say that the Local Government Board, as well as the law " is a hass."

===== 0002601_19020404_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MATTERS OF MOMENT. A Provincial Letter.

No longer can it be claimed for any particular month ttat it is par excellence the month of Confer- @aces. Easter has duringlthe week asserted itself:as a popular and "convenient season" in this respect. For, while 801:120 have given themselves to pleasure and others to prayer and thanksgiving, the National Union of Teachers has been in conference at Bristol, the Rural Teachers' Federation held its annual meeting in the same city, the Independent Labour Party was in conference at Liverpool, and the Amalgamated Union of Shop Assistants, Ware- housemen and Clerks at Newcastle-on-Tyne, and the Midland Counties' Trades Federation at Stour- bridge, while the Good Tenn:dare held their annual gathering at Exeter. The opinions of a president of the National Union of Teachers naturally vary to a went ex ent, according as he happens to be a Voluntary or a School Board teacher, on the vexed question of which in England, owing to a national peculiarity, occupies the place of thought which educational efficiency would have elsewhere. But many men who are ordinarily opposed in politics were no doubt glad to see that, in dealing with the Education Bill of the present government, Sir Allen Croft joined in condemning the " local option" clauses of that measure. There seems to be a concanaus of opinion in the pro- vinces generally that this feature o! the Bill must disappear. It is a satisfaction to welcome the shop assistant as a conference holder. On Sunday trading.lhowever, the :conference gave an uncertain deltverancs. A motion in favour of Closing all shops in the dry goods trade by Act of Parliament was met by an amendment to prepare a Bill for the compulsory closing of all shops on Sun- day in Scotland ; but it is a vain dream that the legislature will pass an Act to declare a Sabbatarian offence on one side of the Tweed that which is per- missible on the other. Equally inconsequent were one or two protests that were raised, on the "living in" or " out ' system, &c, which matters the men have already in their own hands if they choose to exercise their existing rights. All the same, the conference can ba said not to have been held in vain.

Unhappily, the holidays have not passed without one or two shocking and fatal accidents, and a disastrous collision in the English Criminal. In the very early hours of Tuesday morning, in thick weather, with driving rain, the Landon and South- Western Company's steamer Alms collided with the Cambrian Princess, belonging to Liverpool, nine miles off the Nab Lighthouse. The latter vessel, the smaller of the two, received the impact amid- ships, and was so severely injured that she sank in about four minutes, eleven lives being lost, number- lug exactly half the crew.

It did not take up much of the thus of the House e of Commons, previous to adjourning for the holiday, to give a second reit iing to the Shop Clubs gill. Pe Shop Club is a comparatively new institution, and, as pointed out in this column a few weeks since, it is complained by the ad- coCates of the measure, and by .the supporters of the friendly societies, that it is an innovation un- favourable to the welfare of the majority of the men and women who hold memberships. Among the reasons adduced for this hostile attitude is the one that Shop Clubs have hitherto eicap 3d registra- tion' and are therefore not amenable to proper supervision also; that the membership is rendered compulsory at the will of the employer, who may deduct the subscription from the wages of the employ 6 ; that membership does, not last longer than the retention of the emplo3 6 8 service at a par- ticular establishment, and that, therefore, he for- feits the accrued beneits by making a change ;and, finally, that the members of such ship cubs nave no control over the funds which they help to create. Other arguments are urged by the suppor- ters of the measure, which has been described by one critic as " A Bill For the protection of friendly societies,"since the Shop Club of the usual type performs a function that is antagonistic to the

work of these great provident association and might eventually undermine their status. The National Conference of Friendly Socie- ties, representing millions e working men and women, some time since passed a resolution con- demning the establishment of shop clubs, as an interference with the liberty of the subject. If the compulsory memberships were rendered illegal, however, and registration were enforced by statute. the shop club might be made to encourage thrift among certain classes of workers rather than other- wise The House of Commons on rising for the holidays adopted the view that the Shop Clubs Bill embodied the principle of a useful measure; but the Government indicated that while it would not oppose the second reading, the measure will have to be considerably amended in detail, during the Com- mittee stage. The Friendly Societieir,may thus far be assumed to have gained a victory.

When a Royal Commission like that on Alien Immigration is appointed, the Govennment of the day can be congratulated first, that they thereby postpone discussion on a subject which they are more or less pledged to deal with, and, secondly, that they secure information and advice which may be of value should they ever decide to legislate thereon. It is not usual for a Government to refer even a complicated problem to a Royal Commission if it has any desire or intention to take the matter up in the immediate future, and it so rarely happens that Ministers act upon the recommendations of Com- missions of inquiry that the public look upon them all with some amount of suspicion. Lord Salisbury has before now recognised their political value, and Commissions have not by any means escaped his gibes. But the matter is referred to here as being one of special interest and importance to industrial people in the provinces, and it may be presumed that if the Prime Minist-r did not think some practical good would follow, he is not quite the one to readily consent to the appointment of such a commission. Of course, the opposition will be at perfect liberty, in commenting upon this new in- quiry, to suggest that it was Lord Salisbury who asked the Liberals to pass an Alien Immigration Bill which he introduced himself during Lord Rose- bery's administration, although he has failed to bring the matter forward during the years he and his party have been in office. It goes without say- ing, that all politicians attempt much when in Opposition from undertaking which they shrink when in power, and the appointment of this Royal Commission may in reality be taken as an admission on the part of his Majesty's advieers. that the ques- tion is not ripe for settlement. That Lord Salisbury should have thought it was, more than ball a dozen years ago, is another story.

The better the wages, the more drink: the more drink, the more crime. Such was the melancholy, but, it is feared, true sequence put before the meet- ing of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society in the West of England recently. The returns showed a substantial increase of the number of persons com- mitted during the year, and the fact was explained in the way stated. In prosperous times the prison population increases; in times of distress, when work is less and wages are low, it diminishes. The more money plople have the more they spend in drink, and drunkenness is the main cause of crime. Some twenty years ago there was a wonderful tem- perance revival in the principal city of the West and a newspaper representative from one of the furthermost parts of the district journeyed to Bristol to " investigate " the matter. The Chief Constable of the city said," Yes ; it is remarkable how many people have lately turned teetotalers But you wait until they get better wages again ! " It was a time of depression, and the enterprising journal of the West that sent its representative to institute an inquiry at the time,now fears that with the return of prosperity the people immediately begin to squander their money in excessive drink- ing, The question remains, therefore, what is to be done? Teachers and philanthropists will no doubt continue to do what they can to train children and young persons in habits of prudence and self-con- trol, but the great difficulty appears to be with the older people.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
rim EXAMINER FRI! PAY APRIL 4, 1902.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
"RELIGIOUS THOUGHT IN INDIA." --- Lecture by the Rev. C. H. Hocken.

The last of the winter " club nights" in connection with the Warrington Society was held in the Old Academy, ou Wednes fay evening. A lecture ots " Rc- ligious Thought in India." was delivered by the Rev C H Roemer), of Bev:sly-road Wee!even Church, who for 12 years was a missionary in the Mysore district. The chair was occupied by Mr W H J Jenkins, who briefly introduced the lecturer. At the outset, the lecturer traced the settlement of the Hindu branch of the Aryan family in the Punjab 4,000 years ago. In order to make clear the course of religious thought during these 4,000 years, the lecturer said he Wended to divide this time into three periods, the Vedic, the Buddhist and the Hindu periods. The Vedic period was that in which the hymns, institutions and ritualism of the four Vedas bad their origin and were more or less supreme in the religious and social life of the people This period lasted from 2,000 to 500 B.C. At the beginning of this period they found no trace of the pre- sent system of idol worship ex,sting among the early settlers of the Punj ih. In the hymns of the Vedas they worshipped the phenomena of nature. Thesystem of caste, which at first was evolved by the necessities of society hardened in the hands of the unscrupulous Brahman priests into an unbearable system of tyranny. During this period the Ary in settlers established coloaiee and made thsmselves masters of the whole of Northern India and prosperity and leisure destroyed their primi- tive simplicity. Faith in the old Vedic gods decayed. They did net satisfy man's thirst for knowledge nor did they throw sufficient light on the unbearable mystery of the future. Daring sceptics arose and various rationalistic syeems of philosophy were founded. Each school professed to explain' the Vedas tut these metaphysical speculations killed the primitive faith and culminated in a System ofy pantheism—a system which teaches that there is only one entity or substance in the universe. This dreare creed could not touch the imagination nor satisfy the heart of the common people; they bad no religion to live by and groaning under the tyranny of the Brah- man priests they Were in a Oates of insurrection against the old order of things. Society was ripe for a new epoch. About 500 B.c. Buddha was born and with him began the Buildniat period and a new era in the history of religious thought in India. The history of Buddha was sympathetically traced by toe lecturer:The message of Buddha which he formulated by his unaided reason was summarised by the lecturer as being that there was no God in the world higher than man ; no bell butrtie misery of hbznan Ili?, and no heaven but annihilation. Many causes led to the spread of Buddhism. The Vedic religion was dead ; the people were in Insurrection against the extravagant claims to ecclesias- tical authority on the part of the Brahman priests. Buddhism sprung out of the past as did Christianity out lof Judaism. It was the Vedic religion popularided and adapted to the peychological moment. The poorest and ignorant were captivated by its tenderness and sympathy with all forms of suffering ; with its doctrine of the brotherhood of man and exemption from caste. The moralist was no less attracted by the beauty and purity of its ethics and philosophers by the subtilty of its metaphysics. In 500 years, that was about the com- mencement of the Christian era, the Buddhist faith wail everywhere tiiumphant. With the beginning of to Christian era began the Hindu period, the third period in the history of r3ligious thought in India. At that time the Buddhist wave of enthusiasm in India had spent its force, prosperity had opened the way for cor- ruption and relaxed the strenuous character essential to successful existence. And the Brahmans, never exterminated, rallied their forc.s to the etack. They re-established the authority of the Vedas, but interpreted them on the lines of the Buddhist philosophy and incrroorated into their system the popu- lar forrns of worship current among the Aryans throngh their association with the primitive tribes. Hinduism became a huge amorphous system held together by the doctrine 'of pantheism and it had gradually displaced Buddhism altogether. The religious ideas of Hinduism were r3ferred to at length by the lecturer, who pointed out that it led to a popular system of idolatry. The idols were various forms of minor gods, who adminis- tered the various departments of hula in affairs. The common people regarded the idol as actually and liter- ally God himself and by their worship and offerings considered that they had placed God under an obliga- tion to help them. The course of religious thought in India had been steadily downward, so that the last state was much worse than the first. It had lost itsl primitive simplicity and purity. Christianity had in- ' tervened in India to arrest this downward movement. Christian ideas were permeating religious thought in India and influencing all classes of society. Already there were three millions of Christians in our Indian empire, and the work of evangelisation compa-ed favourably with the progress of Christianity in the Roman empire. Hinduism had no future before it and there was no reason to doubt that in India as in other parts of the world the future belonged to the Lord Jesus An interesting discussion ensued, in which reference was made to the simil %city lostween some of the religious ideas taught by Buddha and those of Christianity. The lecturer's services were acknowledged on the proposition of Mr SMITH, seconded by Mr H M Asuroar. SPRING. JACKBTS. New designs and shapes. latest Novelties. Special purchase of Moreau Underskirts. New Spring goods, splendid value, see windows. W T WlLLiams Sankey-street. —Advt.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON UAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

Warrington were busy last week end playing the game instructor-general to the small fry of the Northern Union. On Friday they beat Birkenhead Wanderers,and the following day South Shields were taken in and gently done for,Fish perforraing the feat of the match by scoring after a run nearly,the length of the field,and converting the try. Monday saw Warrington at home to their old foes Wigan, who came to fulfil the first of their fixtures in the South West Lancashire Competition. They also went down after a hard struggle, the margin in favour of Warrington being 10 points to 5 points.

Just now the South West Lancashire Competition could not be in a more interesting state, for Widnes and Warrington are running neck and neck for the cup and medals. Until last Friday Warrington seemed cer- tain of the honour, but on that day Runcorn fairly bowed the knee to their neighbours, who had a soft thing on in the shape of Runcorn " A "instead of the premier organisation. Of course the Seniors were being saved for the following day's match at Castleford, and there were a few smiles outside Runcorn when it was found that Friday's expedient had only resulted in the loss of both matches. Widnes have Leigh at Widnes yet to play, and as they defeated the Leighites away they should have no difficulty at Lowerhouse-lane. Still, even St. Helens effected a surprise. Warrington's chance depends entirely on the result of their match at Wigan to-day.

Wigan were determined on Monday to make a bold bid for the cup and over a thousand enthusiasts travelled with the team from the salubrious colliery district and they had no hesitation in showing on which side their sympathies lay. When their favourities entered the enclosure, looking very smart in cherry and white jerseys,there was a shout of delight and through- oat the match, the Wigan fifteen was the object of many encouraging remarks. Undoubtedly, Wigan have done extremely well in the second league competition and also lathe South West Lancashire League. I was pleased to hear that they have been well supported Ithis season and that at to-day s match with Warrington they will probably have a crowd of something like seven thousand on the Wigan ground. It is a little surprising that such near neighbours have not met each other earlier •in the season and that both home and away matches should be arranged to take place within 1 a week.

Both teams were representative. Edmonds was tried at centre in the Warrington three-quarter line but it cannot be said that the experiment was a great success A. little more avoirdupois is necessary for a vigorous centre three-quarter, especially when, as was the case on Monday, the Warrington forwards are overpowered by a superior eight. The Wigan forwards proved their superiority in weight and staying power and gave their backs opportunities, which if they had come Warring- ton way, would have been made better use of.

Playing with the wind behind them in the first half, Warrington had the advantage and Harris very speedily added another try to his rapidly growing list. No goal resulted, but Fish made amends shortly afterwards by kicking a penalty goal. Dickenson was mainly re- sponsible for Warrington's second try. He made a zig- zag run through a host of opponents but was eventu- ally collared, Hockenhall picked the ball up from the ground and ran behind the posts, without any opposi- tion being offered by the Wigan players. There was a howl of indignation from the Wiganites when the point was allowed. it :being the general opinion that Dickenson was tackled before parting with the ball. The chagrin of the visitors was e nsiderably heightened when Fish added a goal. When the teams turned round, the Warrington team was leading by ten points to nil.

The Wiganers played up with great dash in the second half, the for wards monopolising the scrimmages and herling out repeatedly. The backs were given numerous chances but poor use was made of them, Nelson beiig the only player who did himself justice. At length, Ball, one of the forwards, scored under the posts and Nelson added a goal. The visitors strove strenuously to get on level terms and but for over- eagerness they might have done so. Warrington were penned in their own quarters for most of this half, and the call for no time came as a relief to the home sup- porters. Townson and Hockenhall worked well together n the half-back division but they were not given many opportunities to shine on Monday,. except in tackling, and Hockenhall maintained his reputation in this respect. Fish had very little to do, but on one or two occasions he gave the visitors a taste of his quality. Hallam played an excellent defensive game. .On the Wigan side, the palm must be given to the forwards. Nelson and Bothwell were the only backs who played first-class football.

The South-West Lancashire League table up-to-date is as follows : *

Points L. D. For Agst. Pte.

P. W.

Warrington 9 ... 6 ... 2 ... 1 —67 ... ... 13 Widnes Wigan 7 . 4 3 0 50 .46 ... 8 Runcorn 9 .. .6 ... 0 ... 43 ... 50 ... 8 Leigh St. Helens

Warrington have selected the following team to do duty against Wigan ; Hallam, full back; Fish, Hocken- hall, Dickenson and Harris, threequarters ; Burgess and Allen, half-backs; Morrison, Boardman, J Swift,W Swift, Edmondson, Eden,Roberts and Forster,forwards.

Burgess must be thankful that his suspension is up for he has had to play the part of spectator while some of the best matches of the season have been played. Fortunately he has kept in training, and if he has not lost his form the Warrington back division should be far more effective this Saturday than it has been of late. Burgess is the best half we have for getting clear of the scrimmage. The forwards should also be able to give a good account of themselves if they use what weight and strength they have to the fullest extent.

The " A "team will entertain Stockport "A," and the following fifteen have been selected to do duty : Knight, full back; Illidge, Antrobus, Edmonds and Clare, three-quarters ; Townson and Timmins, half- backs; Cunningham, Anders, Aldred,Purslow, Higham, Baxter, Tayl R. and Jolley, forwards.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Foot-racing.

At the Liverpool Harriers soorts,held at Stanley Park on Friday, C Straw, of the Warrington Harriers, won the first prize in the four miles handicap, E Hilton, of Sankey Harriers,finished second in the half mile handi- cap at the Salford Harriers sports, held at Belle Vue, on Saturday, and D Gibson, also of Sankey Harriers, won the fourth prize in the obstacle race at the same sports, starting from scratch.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED CHILD MURDER AT WIDNES.

Magisterial Inquiry.

At Widnes, on Tuesday, before Mr W A Gnasage, CatherineV helm], a young woman, living at 53, Wil- liam-4reet, Widnea, was charged with causing the death of her infant son James by ()rowing him in a dollytub on March 20. Mr Koowles (Widnes) defended, Superin- tendent KAghley narrated the facts of the case briefly, and stated that the prisoner had been committed by the coroner's jury on a charge of wilful murder. The charge was read over El the pi isoner and the cu tomary caution and admonition having been given, she was asked if she had any reply to make. In a weak yoke, low and scarcely audible, she said " The voices told ms tis do it. Tbe voices were on the stairs." Thee askod if she wished to say anything further she said she did not, making the reply with more firmness.

Several witnesses were ea led by Mr Knowles for the defence, their evidence being destined to show that the prisoner had been peculiar in her manner for a long Joseph Whelan, the husband (c Med by Mr Knowles). said he admit'ed striking his wife and quarrelling with her the night bof ore and morning after the child wai drowned. Oa the day of the inquest he was sitting next to her in the court, when she turned round to him and said " How are the children ? And the baby— where is it ?" A midwife n”iled Ekes stated that she saw prisoner at the police station. Sie askei her some very strange , questions, and seemel quite unconscious as to her posi- tioa, andlunable to appreciate the differenee being the ! child's being dead or alive. Several other neighbours were called, who spoke of the prisoner's strangenesi for some months past. Mary Casey, sister of the prisoner,said she complained to her that her husband and his mother were driving her mad. OnG, day since the prisoner had been in the police station she turnec' round to her and said, "It was not my child I drowned, but the devil's." Prisoner was committed to the assizes.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM. C BA C:KIE RS

CRISP AND CREAMY

===== 0002601_19020404_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CAMDEN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVSRSAILY.

The annual sermons will be preactled in St Paul's church on Sunday, when the Rev R Culley will officiate. For fuller particulars see advt.

. SUCCESS OF A LOCAL BAND.

At Bootle on SaTturday—aan annual band contest Widnes subscription band were successful in carry- ing off the first prize. Twenty bands competed. among theta being Runcorn, St 6dwards, Weston Salt Works and Widnes St Mary's NORTON PJOR RATS.

At an occa‘ionaTc-ourt on ruesday before Messrs J Pritchard (in the chair) and IC Imison, a poor rate for Norton of lq 21 in the .Costimated to yield .£133 5s 4d, was confirmed. _ _

===== 0002601_19020404_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
YACHTINO AT RUNCORN.

A yacht race was held on Monday afternoon under the auspices of the Runcorn Itiodel Yacht Club. There was a large crowd of spectators the event creating much interest. The folliwing were the winners :-1, Master James Hill's Columbia ; 2, Master Rands' Mice; 3, Master E Lloyd's Tatty. The second class prizes were three bronze Corong- tion medals, awarded as follows:-1, Master Davis's Water Lily ; 2, NlasterJJ Parr's Camara ; 3, Master E Lightfoot's Thistle. Besides the above six con. solation prizes were awarded. 26 yachts compited.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ituNcoaN SONS OF TEDIPFRANCE.

The quarterly i-neeiing of the z•Ons of temperance was held on Saturday evening in the Guild Hall School under the presidency of Mr Toomas Clarke. After routine business had been transacted a dis- cussion took place with reference to the appoint- ment of delegates to the National Division which meets in Bolton in Whit week. It was de- cided to send Messrs R Whyte and James, Johnson to represent the subardinate division, Messrs J Holt (Runcorn), and Brown (VVinsford), to repre- sent the Cheshire Grand Division It was further decided to give the cadets a trip in the summer to Overton.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A PROFITABLE TRANSACTION.

On Tuesday at the Runcorn Police Court, a bey aged ten named John Bushell, Halton-road, was charged with stealing a silver watch and chain valued at 103 belonging to John Boden.—The evict- ence showed that the prisoner, a cousin of the pro• secutor, went to Boden's house in Bentinck-street and stole the watch and chain afterwards selling it to a small boy named William Cannington aged ten for the sum of one penny.—Cunuington in turn sold the watch to another by named John Riley for the sum of is 6,1 retaining the chain for himself On information being given to the police P. C, Bratt apprehended the prisoner who acknowledged the theft,—Prisoner was sentenced to receive four strokes of the birch. INTERESTING PRESENTATIONS AT RUNCORN.

At Lea's Temperance Hotel on Wednesday even- ing Mr Thomas Jones, manager of the Runcorn White Lead Works was presented with a beautiful marble clock and bronzes to mark the occasion of his marriage.—Most of the workmen were present and after a most substantial repast had been served up Mr George Rutter senior at the request of Mr Arthur Cropper made the presentation speaking in high terms of Mr Jones.—Mr Rosenberg secretary, also eulogised Mr Jones —Mr Jones, who was greeted with cheers, reiponded in a felicitous manner thanking them all for their beautiful pre- sent. The clock bears the following inscription on a silver plate:—"Presented to Mr. Thomas Jones by the employes of the Runcorn White 1... ad Company, Ltd , on the occasion of his marriage, Easter, 1902." The gifts were supplied by Mr Gilbert Pritchard, High-street, Runcorn. At the works of the Highfteld Tanning Company an interesting presentation took place on Thursday night when Mr R Johnson was made the recipient of a handsome marble clock and bronzes to mark his approaching marriage. Mr R H Posnett, on behalf of the employ6s, made the presentation re- ferring in glowing terms to Mr Johnson's services during his eleven years connection with the works Mr Johnson suitably responded. The clock bore the following inscription :—" Presented to Mr R Johnson, by the employes of the Highfield Tanning Company Limited, Runcorn, as a token of esteem on the occasion of his marriage, 2nd April, 1902."

===== 0002601_19020404_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT FROM I TILL.

At the Runcorn Police Court on Tuesday, a Wid- nes man named Frederick Ford alias Cross was charged with stealing 7s, the money of Michael Conway from a beerhouse till in church-strest.— Prisoner was also charged with being in the" Welsh Harp," Cooper-street with intent to commit a felony and was further charged with doing wilful dam- age to a police cell to the value of 43.—The evi- dence showed that on Wednesday morning at 7 a.m. prisoner went into prosecutor's besrhouse and called for a drink. While the barmaid's attention was directed in another direction prisoner leaned over the bar and opened out the till. The girl, glancing rouod, saw prisoner with his hand in the drawer and raised an alarm. He at once ran away but was afterwards apprehended, the sum ot 78 being missed out of the drawer. On inquiries being made respecting the prisoner's whereabouts it transpired that the prisoner at 6.30 in the same morning had visited the " Welsh Harp " in Cooper-street and hood made his way inside the bar and opened the till, while the land- lord, Mil:Brown, went into the kitchen for some change. Prisoner ran away when the landlord asked him what he was doing. On prisoner being taken to the station, be behaved in a very violent manner, and smashed some woodwork in the cell in which he was confined.—P.C. Gregory deposed that the prisoner stated in reply to the charge that he would have taken more money toad he not bem seen.—Prisoner now pleaded not guilty.—On the first charge prisoner, who had a long list of convictions by the Widnes police, was sentenced to two month's hard labour and one month each on the other charges. HavraN PA.arsa MEETING.

The annual parish meeting was held on Thursday evening at the village hall, Mr Moores presiding.— The Clerk submitted the account of the St Thomas' ICaaritv. which showed receipts amounting to £2B Is 6d, and disbursements on St Thomas' Day of £25, leaving a balance of £3 191 6d.—lklr Woodier stated that during the past year there had been ten meet- ings of the Parish Council,besides several committee meetings. The Councl had given attention to the repairs of footpaths. and had put the cemetery in good order. The fees received on account of inter- ments, &c, amounted to £l7 7s 6d. They carried forward a balance from last year of £4 14s 8a and issued a precept in October for £l2,and another on Illonday night for £27, making total receipts of £6l 78 2d. The payments absorbed £56 Sc 9d. The cemetery had been beautified,and put in good order since the place had been opened there had been 235 interments, and the average for the last three years was 58. The Chairman referring to the gift by Sir John Brunner of the hall in which they were met, said the actual conveyance of the building to the Coun- cil had not yet been comple:ed, but be expected the title would be on the same lines as the Guild Hall at Runcorn. If that was so, they might he very well satisfied with it. He hoped the Parish Council would, in the near future, summon a special parish meeting to consider the question of adopting the Libraries Acts. lie would also like to see the adoption of the Lighting Act. He thought they wanted to be moving a bit. Other parishes were progressing in this direction and were doing very welLand he thought it was high time they bestirred themselves and went in for the improvements he had mentioned. The enormous expense had, in the past, been an obstacle to the founding of free libraries,but it was no longer necessary that a boon of this kind shoeld mean a heavy expenditure. If they only made up their minds he did we., antici- pate any difficulty in raising the necessary funds.

SPECIAL VISIT TO CREWE.--Mr Thomas boo, Ooulist and Aurist (of teen's Eye and Ear Dispensary, !Leeds, established 1871), will visit the Royal Hotel, Crewe, In Monday, April 703, hours 11 to 1, an] may be consultei on all cases of tailtaz sight and hearing. Now treat- ment without operation, Sufferers should avail them- selves of the present opportunity of consultation. Spectacles adapted for weak or defective sight. Those unable to avail themselves of a persooal consultation, I should write to Leeds for printed form of questions for- wardel free.—Letters to be addressed to 71, GREAT IEORC4E-STE EBT, Leeds.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIuUS CHARGE AGAINST A NEWTON MAN. Alleged Stabbing.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednes- day, before Mr John White and other magistrates, John Barrett, of 51, Clarence-street, Newton Common, was charged with unlawfully wounding Dominic Rush, collier, of Parr, St. Helens, on the 20th ult., by stabbing him on the left muscle and the right wrist with same sharp instrument. Prosecutor stated that on the date named he went to see his brother John. who lodged with the prisoner. Vie arrived at the house about seven o'clock, and during the evening they had three half gallons ot ten.. At half- past nine Barrat started a bottier, and* the gas was put out. Prisoner then rushed at witness and stabbed hint with some sharp instrument upan the right wrist and left muscle, HA gave informatioc ta the patine and afterwards had his wounds dressed by a doctor.

• Upon the application of the police, the prisoner 'was remanded uncil Tuesday next.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the above Council was held on Thursday—Present Messrs R B Posnett (in the chair) S Taylor, D Risbrown, T Jones, Dewitt, W Eland- ley, E Imison, J Wagon, E Gatley, G 11 Kirkham, J Pritchard, F Wiswall, E Marshall (secretary), F A Lake (clerk), and J Wildin (surveyor).

===== 0002601_19020404_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SITE OF THE COTTAGE HOSPITAL.

The Highways and Buildings Committee recom- mended that the plan deposited by the Runcorn Cottage Hospital Committee of 'Cottage Hospital proposed to be erected in the EL noway be approved ; that the following off.u. of Messrs Grsenall,Whitley and Co. in connection with the making of the extan.ion of Canal-street be sleepted. "19th March, 1902. We will give up the 380 superficial square yards of and as shown on your tracing for the purpose of widening Canal-street on the condition that your Council make the street and erect a suitable fence on the new bound- ary line and also that they make the necessary arrange- ment with tbe United Alkali Company for surrendering the portion not held by them from us, but we cannot agree to any abatement of rent in cmsequence of the said surrender. We are retaining the tracing to place with our deeds in Case your Council agree to tense tnms. Yours faithfully, THOMAS J Dows (director)." Pa.f.tred on the proposition of Messrs Taylor and Wie-

===== 0002601_19020404_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET RECEIPTS. . _

The Markets and Cemettry Committee reported that the retrial; for the market for the year ended March 31qt. 1902 amount to £260 19s 31 and the expenditure to £235 is 51,1eaving • profit of £25 17s 101 Mr Gatley moved and Mr Kirkham secoudel and the minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN A CENTRE FOR OXFORD LOCAL EXAMINATIONS

The Technical Instructim Committee recommended that application be made to the Board of Education for three Science and Art Scholarships, tenable st the Run- corn Institute Day School during the twelve months ending 31st July, 1903, the following subscriptions hav- ing Iran received for this definite purpose, viz :—Sir John T 13,unner, Bart., M.P., £5 ; Sir William Fl Tate, Bart., £5; Messrs Brundrit & Co., Lrd., £3 33 ; Rov A M Wood, £1 Is ; Arthur Timmins, E-q. £1 Is. It was reported that the application of the Council that Run- corn mac, be made a local centre for the Oxford Local Examinations had been granted. Approved on the motion of Messrs Wilson and Handley.

TEE DATE OF ruE ANNUAL MEETING.

On the propositine-nf tl--O-na-it:in-a-n-,--s-eOOP-Cied by Mr Wiswall, it was resolve i that the annual meeting be held on Wednesiay, the 16th April.

ADDITIONAL PORTRAITS .

Mr Imison called attention to the fact that two por- traits had come to hand,namely thosejcf Messrs Bruns:hitt sod Wright. For Mr Wright's thee were ind.btad to the kindness of the Clairman, who had done the Council and the town SORIS service in presenting the Council with a portrait of the first chairman of the old authority.

THE MANAGEMENT OF THE COTTAGE HOSPITAL.

The Chairman on behalf of the Cottage Hospital Com- mittee moved that the Council take over the ownership and control of the Cottage Hospital when camel( ted and free from debt and further moved that this Council agree to take over such ownership and control. fielsaid that the matter bad been !before the town from ten to Sfrden years and had occupied the time and the attention of succeeding chairmen of the C many of whom had gone to a good deal of pains that the sobj?ct at some future time might be not only a dream but a practical realizition of the wishes and hopes of a great many pe vie in the town. They were now within measurable distance of the scheme which was bearing fruit after all the Mears of past years, It gave him personally great pleasure to be associated in any way with the scheme which was for the advancement, the well being and the best interests of the town. During the past week or two they had succeeded in obtaining a site which was one of the best in the town °tamely, a site at the top of the Holloway. The trustees of the late Mr Chadwick had dealt very reasonably with the Cottage Hospital Committee and had placed at their disposal the top corner, about 2,500 square yards of groune,which itlwas estimated would be amply sufficieut for all the requirements of the hospital. The hospital wou'd face due south so that it w-u d get as much sun and light as possible.lie would like to call their attention to the way in which the funds of the cottage hospital had been got together. It was, perhaps, in the history of the town cize of the most remarkable instances of co—operation that they had ever seen. At any rate that he bad ever seen during his association with the town. Contributions and peemises of contributions had been given from large firms Ike the Manchester Ship Canal Company through the kindness of their friends Mr We wall and Mr Congreve who had interested themselves in the matter. That was but oee instance of large works rendering assistance and others might be given. They had also in the contributions one of £lO3 from the Runcorn Co-operative Soliety which instanced how the working classes in the town were thoroughly in sympathy with the movement. There was also a large contribution from the cycle club, a further in. stance of hearty enthusiasm. The hospital committee was formed during the year Mr Wiswall took the chair of the Council, and presiding at a meeting a'; the Technicl Institute the gentlemen present formed themselves into a Committee with power to add in order to bring to fruition the hopes of those interested in the project. Since that time the scheme had been making steady and slow progress The Committee wished that the hospital when budt should be founded on toe broadest basis possible, and that there shou'd not be room in any mind to think that it was a parte hospital or belonging to any section of the town—r Ws or poor, strong or weak. It was desirable that the Committee of Management should be in some way °teeny!. And ' as that Council was thus nyte qualified than any othcr body the Hospital Committee hoped the Council would see its way clear to take the deepest possible intereat in itlby putting this project on the broadest basis. With respect to the financial part they would see from the resolution that the committee did not desire the tows te take upon itself any burden with regard to the cost of the hospital. Toe Committers purpose Ito hand It over absolutely free. 'The purchase ground was free- hold and it was believed that sufficient support would be given to make the scheme" a thing of beauty and a joy forever." They had also gone carefully into the estimates and figures bad also been received from other authorities'and cottage hospitals. The cost of maintenance could not be more than £220 to £230 per annum. That mount the cenotnittee were perfectly sanguine of re- ceiving from the people of the town who bad so notly and generously contributed to the rearing of the hospi- tal. They regarded it as the child of the town and on that reason it was sure to be supported ha, its parents. The Ship Canal Company had promised £5O per MIR= for three years and there was no reason to imagine they would not continue to contribute towards Seen a worthy object.

lidr Taylor seconded. Mr Imison observed that the last time the matter came before the Committee statements were made as to the control, ownership and management, of some hospitals in the adjoining districts. It would be inter- esting if that information were now laid before them. The Chairman replied the only information he could Rive them WIN that a letter had been received from Mr Cooke be Mr Lake in which two hoapitals were men- tioned, Nortbwich and Winston]. The hospitals were vested in trustees and were maintained entirely by private subscription except that Northwich Council ccntribnted ten guineas and Winsford seven guineas which was all the money that came out of the rates. Mr Wiswall said be did not feel quite free to vote on the resolution and yet he did not like to move an amend- ment. The question was whether it was likely that the eort of maintenance would c)ine on the rates. Ile could never agree to it becoming • tax on the rates. Who could guarantee that it would not ? If its es'at Leh- ment and endowment were guaranteed they would adopt the resolution quite readily. The chairman would be well advised if he would defer the resolution at this early stage of the movement. Fie felt as if he was on thin ice. He did not at all feel at liber:y to vote on the resolution. Mr Handley suggested that the mater be referred to a Committee. There were two sides to the question. It should belong to the town, but there was also the fee!- ing that its cost should to provided for by private con- tributions. Both things could be accomplished, but at present they were at a stage when they could not say one thing or the other. It the matter were reared ta a Committee they would be in a better position to vote on the qsestitio. HA thought faith things could be accom- plished. It could be made into a public institution coming on the rates. The Chairman said he was quite willing to meet them on the matter and after futtner discussion it was re- sclord that the matter be lefi in the hands of a corn- mittes who would confer with the Cottage Hospital Committee and report to the Council in due course.

REMEMBER This, That ALP TAYLOR'S WONDERFUL BOOTS will please you and Butt your pooket.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

CHRIST CHURCH. —The great Easter festival was fittingly celebrated at this church. The edifice had beeu decorated with much taste, and the effect was charm- ing. The bright spring fl•wers—the arum lily, daffodils, tulips, jonquils, and sarcissi—which lend themselves so effectively to the work of decoration, bad been lavishly eenployed. The pulpit, which had been decorated by Mrs W Elairia-Wright and Miss Jackson, was especially pretty, while the font r.ad been very tastefully decora- ted by Mrs J Douglas Buckton. The altar, choir stalls, and lectern, were beautifully decorated by Mrs Pollock- Hill, assisted by the Misses Birtles. The services throughout the day were of a bright and hearty charac- ter. In the morning Simper's anthem, " Christ our Passover," was well rendered by the choir, the tenor solo being sung by Mr W Grounds with great taste. The evening anthem was " King of kings," by the same compose r.the soprano solo being sung very sweetly by Master Edward Scholz. The Vicar preached at both services. Holy Communion was administered at 8 •a.m. and mid-day, the number of co nmunicants being larger than in previous years. Notwithstanding the fact that about £7O has treen raised in the past four weeks for the purpose of re-decorating the church, the offertories of Sunday constitute a record, being the largest on Esser Day since pew rents were abolished in 1897.

SOCIAL EVENING.—On Monday evening Mr and Mrs Blackwell entertained the pupils of toe Evening Con- tinuation School to a tea and social. An eiu•ellent repast was served to upward of fifty pupils and friend', and after the room had beta cleared the evening was spent in a pleasant manner.. Several games were indulzed in, " ping-poug " especially finding many enthusiaitic players. The Padgate Nigger Minstrels gave a ?apical " turn," and, in addition to a number of amusing irems of pitter,, songs were rendered by the troupe and by Messrs F Botrell, 8 Critchley, C Leech, A Faulks, and F -Ascher. Tier duet "What are the wild waves saying?" was sweetly sung by Miss D Weston and Miss E Pr3ll tds Mt Joseph Pass played a couple of piccolo solos and Mr W Grounds sang " The little Hero" in good style. Miss Dora Wes- ton rendered Sullivan's "Birds of the Night" very sweetly and Miss Edith Grounds Was heard to geod effect in Gounoes "To tbe Woods." During the even- ing Mr Blackwell (headmaster) gave a resume of the work of the session, and then called upon Mr G Mather.local representative on the Technical Instruction Committee, to distribute the prizes. In doing so, Mr Mather pointed to the value of a good education and advised the students not to miss any opportunity for the acquisition of knowledge. Tho prizes were awarded to those students who had attended 90 per cent or over of the possible number of hours, and were .won by Mary A Critchley, Enid Mellor, George lilass,} Harry Smith, John Richard Turner, Lewis Wis,fpn,lT Daintdth, F Weston, 8 Critchley, 0 Leech, glepla 'Pass, George Pritchard, T Potter, David Bibhy vd Plitt. A hearty cheer was then given for Mr and ,Mrs Blackwell for their kindness, and the proceedings terminated.

•• • Parr Hall Mission. f On Sunday last, Joe Corbett," the Warrington Evangelist gave his final addre6 to a large con- gregation. and was supported by Messrs James Dodds and Albert E Whittle Dick Scarisbrick,John- son and several ladies. The Mission altogether has been an undoubted success, and Mr Dodds spoke about Warrington needing a permanent Evangelist and remarked that Mr Corbett was just the man. Mr Sam Rowland gave a violin solo " Cavajna" and also played the obdgato to Mr Greenough's effective solo " Holy City." Miss Nellie Anderton sang sweetly" Sun of my Soul," Air Fred Podmore M.I.U.M. accompanied on the organ and piano with his usual taste. The Mission bas also bean a de- cided ,tfinancial saccess, tor which the Miesioner wishes to return thanks.

EXPENSION OF PIIIAISES.

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S

===== 0002601_19020404_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND NEW SHOWROOM

(9) FEET LONG BY 33 FEET WIDE) L NOW OPEN

It is THE ONLY GROUND FLOOR SHOW- ROOM IN CHURCH STREET devoted to • LADIES' and CHILDREN'S

UNDERCLOTHING, CORSETS, SHIRTS, BLOITSSS,

BABY LINEN &c.,

AND WILL r, E REPLETE WITH NOVELTIES In each SECTION at POPULAR PRICES.

The Room can 131 entered either by the Handsmne New Entrance in Williamson—street or by the Main door in Chureh-street.

MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.

RETURN OF OUR BUYERS FROM THE MARKET'S.

MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY OF

LONDON AND PARIS MODELS. TOGETHER WITH OUR OWN PRODUCTIONS. The Millinery Showroom.acknowledrd to be the finest and best lighted in the kingdom, bas been re-decorated and re-arranged for the in- creased comforz of cus:omers.

HENRY MILES & C M PINY,

MILLINERS, GLOVERS, AND FANCY

DRAPERS,

25 & 25A, CHURCH STREET, ANDS, WILLIAASON ST., LIVERPOOL.

FIRST-CLASS B L ISP), by Matthews, 354. ; another one. De. ; also ease, 44.—.13JaLaso, 5. Oarter.street, Green— hey% Manchester.

DING-PONG or Tennis Ta,ble., rnsde a rine, from 21s ; tournetment size, 9ft by sft, 31s ; with trestles, 36s ; acd white border.—W. MAREIIoTT, 61, The Moor, Sheffield.

LITTBR of Six Fine-ored PIGS on Sale, eight weeks old Apply to 4 Burn, Hayman's Green, We3t D;rby Liverpool.

ro SALL STRONG CART, with too boards suit O tractor.—Apply C• W. Puir.uPs, Ring o'Bells Dares- bury, near Warrinatnn.

FOR SALki. a number Hartz MoUl: taALN UULLib in full song. Prices 7s. 6.1 to Us. 64. cage included. Hens same strain 45. 6d. a coupIe.—POMFRET, 74, Spring- street, RishiOn. near Blackburn.

WANEED IN CANADA.

--- CAPITALISTS. PHRSONS. WITH MODHHATH !H- -OORN. PARID3II3. FARE LABOURERS. YOUNG MEN DEsIRING TO LEARN FARMING, AND DOMESTIC SHHVAHTS, for whom special arrangements are made.

FREE GRANTS OF LAND In ONTA.RIo, MLNITOBA. and. the NoRTH WEST. Crown Lands In other Provinces. Cheap improved farms. -

NO RENT. FREE SCHOOLS. LOW TA EPA. HEALTHY CLIMATE GROWING TRADE. INCREASING PROSPERITY. Pamphlets. Maps. reliable information and advice on all matters of interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dom baton, gratis and post free. Particulars can also be obtained from the Alian, Dominion and Elder Dempster Steamship Cninpanies. or their local agents ; or from the Canadian Pacific Railwa/ Company. Correspondence invited acid personal interviews arrange& Apply to the CAN4DIA N GOVERNSISNT AGENCY, 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WARTED, A GIRL as General. about 18. Good borne-- Apply 5, Avi.mtam TE.RRICE. Preston.

JOHN WALSBR AND CO.. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. HSTII\II'IES FURNISHED FOR

LETTERPRESS PRINTING, EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTAGIOUS EPIDEMIC.

Sometimes from sudden relapse, or contagious epidemic, the system becomes enfeebled, and nerves are unstrung. At such a time, a prolonged illness may often be saved by an immediate use ot Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Its grand tonic effects after influenza r fever are magictl, and as a preventive to failing strength, low spirits. loss of appetite, and all chest troubles, it is invaluable. Also as a blood purifier and strengthener. Are you a victim to neuralgic attacks or sick headaches? There is no greater specific than Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters the best remedy for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Flatulence. Loss of Appetite, Low Spirits, Sleeplessness, Chest Affections, Influenza, and Impure Blood. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a safe, certain, sure, and rapid Pick-me-up. Don't be without it any longer, and keep it by you for use when you want it. The components of this great vmedy consist of Sargapatilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- dock, Lavender, and Dandelion, with just enough uinine to complete its marvellous powers. NEED BE NO APPREHENSION.

There is probably no need for any apprehension as to the state of your health, if you have Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters within easy reach. It puts vigour into all the vital powers, gives tone to the stomach, stimu- lates the function of the liver, braces t le nerves, enables the patient to throw off all despondency and promotes hopeful exertion. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a seven-fold blessing of Beneficent Nature, compounded with scientific exactness for helping the vital powers of brain, nerves, and muscles, cleansing the fount of life— for Blood is the Life—and pr2eerving the strength to stand the common attacks of Rheumatism, , Gout, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuralgia. and Disorders of the stomach Don't break down for the want of trying what Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do for you. Take it, and you will feel fresh in the morn- ' .ng for your day's work. Take it, and you will feel strong in the evening when you leave off. Be cheerful. enjoy your food and your labour. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is used by the Medical Profession, it is a purely vegetable compound, it is absolutely free from Mercury, it has been tested for a quarter of a century, and it is the Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the Public, but they may be classified under two heads :—The Best and the Rear. Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Thtters is the Best. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 21 9.1, and 4s 6.! each, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors, the Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Walee. When purchasing Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters beware of worthless imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans " on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle without which none are genuine.

THE REV. E. R. TARBUCK AT ST GEORGE'S CHURCH, ALTRINCHAM.

The services at St George's were conducted by the Rev & R Tarbuck. At the close of his sermon in the morn- ing Mr Tarbuok said he desired to say how grateful he was for the kindness shown towards him. Sore in heart as they were at the departure of Mr Lutener, who had become so dear to them, lee should ever remember with gratitude their evident desire to welcome him and to give him encouragement in a position which,they would easily understand, was a most embarrassine one to him, and one which he felt most acutely. On all hands whether from an officer of the church or from a child,be had solar, received nothing but a smile of welcome and the encouraging grasp of the hand. On all essential points they would, no doubt agree, but they would not ask for a metaphorical looking-glass either in the pulpit or elsewhere. They did not want a man without opini- ons of his own, else would a talking automaton suit them, because then they could turn it on merely to re- flect their own ideas. He took it that they preferred a man who would try and teach them plainly the whole message of Jesus, . and yet try very hard never to be cruel out of cmelessness, or thoughtlessness, or want of sympathy. In a pariah like that there were many varieties of mind and many different conceptions as to the best way of bringieg eouls to Christ ; but he felt cur i that while they would prefer a man from whom they could agree to diffr, honouriog each other's inde- pendence in mind, striving not so much to wic in wordy , argument as to vie with each other in doing what was acceptable to the Lord. In this essential he felt sure I they would have unity, but in things th it were not essential let them not only expect but agree to differ. In all things let them take care that there should be charity. In the evening Mr Tarbuck said he fully appreciated the grief of the congregation at parting with Mr Lutener. But let them remember, it would not be needful by one jot or tittle to lessen their loyalty to Mr Lutener for them to give their affectionate loyalty to him. He came from a people who had the same feel- ings towards him that they had to Mr Lutener. Let them be patient with each other. They could not have the same personalities as his people at Warrington. He coed not,however much he agreed with their lat,. Vicar have quite theme personality, but he had had many talks with Mr Lutener before and eiece he accepted the living, and he thought he might sari that he knew his mind well, and in no point did he differ from him. Ho proposed to tees up his work as he would have it taken up. and to make it grow (tie the lines he would have it had he remained. He did him the honour of wiNhing him and persuading him to accept the living, and ho would try to be worthy of that honour. If he earned his approval in Fix mouths' time Mr Lutener would come over to give them a Send iy when he trusted that neither the congregation ncr he as Vicar would be ashamed to see him and to make their report.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES

SMART PITNI9HMENT FOR ROBBING A SLOT METER. At the iVarriugton Police Court on Saturday before Mr T Eirchall. in the chair and other magistrates. Thomas Monks, carter, WAR charged with stealing Ss 4d from a gas slot meter in tiie house of John Garnett. 23, Robson-street, on Tuesday. Hepleaded not guilty. The Chief Constatle stated that the prisoner, although an able-bodied man had not done any work for a considerable time, having lived on the bounty of his married sister. Mrs Garnett. On Thurs- day Mrs Garnett went out,leaving no one in the house which was left locked up and when she was returning she saw the prisoner at the end of the street. When asked if he had been in the house, he replied that he could no get in, as the house-door was locked Wen Mrs Garnett went into the house she found an entrance had been effected by the removal of a piece of cardboard from one the windows at the back. It was subsequently ascertained that the slot-meter had been broken open and the contents —about 8s 4d—taken out. Later in the day, a boy named James Barton was given a letter by the prisoner to take to Mrs Garnett, and it ran as follows :—.• I have been in the house, and I have taken he 4d out of the box Doa't give Information to the police: I will 'etch it back on Saturday or to-night." Prisoner was arrested by Detective Meacock and Police-constable Hodgkiss. Evidence having been given prisoner, who had a bad record, was sent to gaol for three months. the Chairman remarking that he hsd acted in the meanest possible way.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR OASES.

Warrington Borough Court.

MONDAY,—Before Messrs V Monlra (in the chair), Birphall,

Hayward and Thornton. VIOLENT CURTOMER AT A PUBLIC FIOI/313 —WlMani Griffin, last from Woolston, was charged with being drunk atm refus- ing to quit the Packet House Inn on Saturday night, and with assaulting Blicebeth Monks, the limnsee. The com- plainant said prisoner came into the house along with two other men, the wo se for drink. on S.cturday night. She refused to serve them, and prisoner's companions went out. Prisoner, however, remained and she asked him to leave, but he refused to do so unless he hi some drink. the then went to lead him out, but he seized her by the wrista and pulled her out into the street, He struck at her and her denghtee, who came to leer assistance. meat violently hitting the latter in the eve. Sergeant Barnett came to her assist- ance, an took the prisoner to the police station.—Prisoner. who made his 17th appearance, was fined 5s and costs or seven days for being drunk, and 2Ja arid costs or one month for the assault.

TUEEDAY.—Before the Deputv-Mayor (In the chair), Aldermen Shaw Green,Sutton and Hutchinson and Dr Fox. TEC& GAMBLING NUISANCE —Henry Rose, 45, Forster- street; Thomas Heath, 11, Clegge-street ; John Green, 10, __. _ . .

Charles-street ; Pattici 1:vird":" 50, Pm:ater-street ; 'and Martin Cain 50. Watkin-street, wee summoned for tossing for money in Halo street on March 23rd.—P C Clough stated that in consequence of the complaints of Sunday gambling in the neighiwurhood be and P C Stewart wera on duty in plain clothes In the vicinity of Hale-street on the date named (Sunday). They saw the defendants in a group tossing for money. After watching them play several games they went towards the men who all ran away. They (thei officers) succeeded in catching H 059. who add he did not know the names of the other defendants. On being brought to the Police Station, however, he gave all their names The Chief Constab'e said that Sunday gambl rig was very prevalent in that neighbourhood, The defendant Heath had been fined 5s before for the same offence.—The magis- trates imposed a pena'ty of is and costs. OBSTRUCTION.— A. youth named Benjamin Whitehead, residing at 36 Hostock-street, was summoned for causing an obstruction in Bridge-street by allowing a horse and .urry to stand there for an unreasonable space of time on March 24th• —PC Heap stated that the horse and vehicle were standing in the street unattended for two hours and a half.—Defend- ant was fined sa,

The Gruesome Discovery in the Mersey. At noon. on Tuesday, Mr Brighouse, county coroner, conducted an icqui•y in the Coroner's Court, Wilson Patten-street. respeting ths death of a men unknown, whose mutilated body was found floating in the Mersey on Good Friday—P.S. Bar- nett deposed that he was walkicg alonß the river bank near Arpley at 11 30 on Friday morning in company with P.C. liesp, when he saw a body float- ing in the water. A rape was obtained and the body recovered from the river. It was minus the head, both feet and one arm. There was no cloth- ing whatever, and the body was in an advanced state of decomposition, and identification was impossible —An open verdict" was returned.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe PS.. Society.

' Owing to the holidays the attendance at the meeting of tais society on S.lCaly was not as large as usual. Mr Healey presided and remarked that the Easter season I was rally more important to them as followers of Christ than any other season of the year. That day they rejoiced to celehiwea the re ,urrec-ion of Christ which was the foundation of their hopes as Christians for the future life. Mr Whiteside,B.A., of Manchester,dclivered the address. There was only one subject, he said, which could be spoken about at a meeting of that kind. and that was the resurrection of Christ. The eyes of all Christian people were turned that day towards one place and one central figure The speaker proceeded to show that Christ's life on earth was an exemplification of:a new prineiple which He laid down, the principle of self-sacrifiee.selt-denial, gf abasement, self-crucifixion in the interests of other people. It was neceesary, the speaker continued, for Christians to morn thoroughly appreciate the self-denial of Christ and endeavour to follow Christ's example. They were followers of a living Sairear and if they en- deavoured to be true to their Christian principles they might depend upon it that they would receive the help they needed to do en.—Miss Bridge sang with taste and expression two solos entitled" Entreat me not to leave thee," and " I know that my Redeemer livetb."—Mr Payton, Mue Bac, presided at the organ —Mr Farrar, the hen secretary, referred to the tact that two mem- bers of the PS A would shortly depart for the front. On behalf of the society he had written them wishing them " God speed." He had received a reply from one of the men, Mr Mark Upton, who was training at Aldershot prior to departing for the front.—The service was also taken part in by ser Witlett and Mr W Bessrick.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesleyan Churches

Th. preacher at this placs of worship on Sunday morning was the R.v T B shop, and in the evening the Rev WC J Neville. At the morning service a-lent:ions from the "Daughter of Jaime" (Stainer) were sung by Miss E Taylor and Mr A Griffiths, and in the evening. Barnaby's anthem "Break torth into j3y " was well rendered.

A Former Schoolmaster's Sad End.

. _...._. _ Mr Brighou,e conducted an inquest in the Coroner's Court at noon on Tueslay,with reference to the death of William Eaton Pemberton,who was found dead in his bedroom by the police on Good Friday morning.—Thomas Stringer was the first witness called. He said he was a baker residing at 137 Mersev-str,et and the deceased was his uncle, and was 57 years of age. Deceased was a school- master by profession but for sime years he had ob- tained occasional empioyment as a clerk. He lived alone at 13, Hersey-street. On Good Fiiday morn- ing, witness was informed by P.S. Barnett that the deceased had not been seen for several days. Witness went to the deceased's house in company with the police officer and on forcing open the bedroom door, the deceased was found lying on the fl ‘or and life was extinct. Wit- ness last saw him alive on Tuesday, and he then ap- peared in eood health.—P.S. Barnett deposed that on Good Friday be was told by a neighbour of the deceased teat he had not been seen for the past few days, On forcing an entrance he found the deceased lying dead on the fioor. —Detective Bar- low, coroner's officer, stated that he had made in quiries and found that the last time the deceased was seen alive was at seven o'clock on Tuesday evening when he left the office of Mr Harrison. registrar. He then appeared in his usual state of health.—Dr Reginaid :smith, police surgeon for the borough, deposed that he had made a post mortem examination of the tody, lie found a large clot of blood on the left, side of the brain, due to cerebral hcemorrhage. There were no external marks of violence on the body with the exception of bruises on the arrn,probably sustained when befell. Unconsciousness would rapidly take place and death would occur probahly in an hour or two. Death was due to apoplexy.—A verdict in accoraance with the medical evidence was returned

===== 0002601_19020404_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A youth named Lewis, of ' Ormskirk-rold, Newton, Wigan, the son of a watchmaker, was killed on Tuesday evening while playing hare and hounds. Lie and a companion named Sharpies were attempting to CIOB9 the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railsv-iy when they were caught by a Liyarnont express. L'iwis was hided, but Sharpies, though knocked down an embankment, et- caw serious injury. The total receipts from the Sheffirld Corporation tramways tor the quarter just ended amounted to £47,176. This figure vai three times exceeded during 1901. he highest income for any thirteen weeks br_dia £49,263 for the third quarter of last year.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION OUP.

Third Round. RESULTS OF SATURD AX'S MATCHES. G. T. P. G. T. F. Batley 3 3-15 Bradford Brouenon Ran - .13 Hun . CAW eford 0 2 6 Runcorn Heckrrondwiae Huddersfield -11 Leswis 0 0— 0

Hans let, Salford Swinton 5 8-34 Whitehiven Recs. 0 6 0 CISTLRFOBD v. RUNCORN.

This encoun'er was most stubbornly contested on the Lock Lane enelusure, Castleford. There were about 6,000 spectators. The teuns were as selected with the exueption of Eirptinstill tor Speed in the ferwards for Castleford, and Mora o for Jones in the three-quarters for the visitors

Runcorn won the toss, and elected to play with the wind. which was blowing very high clown the ground. Ward kicked off for Oastleford, and a scrummage WAS immediately formed in the visitors' half. A passing movement between Jolley, Warder, Butterworth, and Flannighan enable i Runcorn to take ,their position opposite the home. go ai posts, where a series of stiff serumorsges took place. astleford deiended by keen and certain t ickllng. Unfortunately however, they were penalised opposite to and within a few yards of their goat posts. Jolley took the kick and had no diffienlty in registering a goal. The home team now used their hest endeavours in keeping the ball tight and undoubtedly it pti.d them, for their opponents could not get off. From a scrummage close to the line Jo:ley gained possession, and dodged through and obtained a try. He also took the kick at goal, and although in an easy position, failed. From a spectator's point of view the game was now somewhat monotonous, as scrummaging was the order, which was mostly In he home quarters. Half time score :—RuncJrn 1 goal and 1 try (5 points), Clastleford nil.

Farm.r res'arted,and speedily his side were busy defending Burns and Carter. with made oae or two excellent moves but unfortunately the boll was called back. From a seriimmage at the centre the bill got loose, and Nell follow- ing up evaded Moran and Houghton. and scored at the Corner Runcorn lispotel the point, but the referee ruled against them. Dalron failed at goal. Cassleford coatinnect to press end Neil again obtained possession, and ran rouul and scored. Ward failed at goal. A tremealous effort was made by Raocorn, and Way was trans. erred to the Castle- ford end, where matters became most exciting. for Baker, its elect ng to kick instead of touchhig down enabled Jolley to make his mark. His kick at goal tailed. His side, how- ever, continued to press, and it W 49 only by the keenest tackling that they were kept back, and Castlelord were hard cm the defensive at the Ca lof time. Result :—Castleford 2 tiles (6 points) to Runcorn 1 goal and I try (5 poiats). Teams:— _ _

Castleford.— Baker, back ; Smith, NeDaltod,and Jepson' three-quarter bacae ; Burns and Caner. hiM ba,urs ; Ward, Welton, Rolland, Ileptinstali, Folier, Bill, Dixon, and Schofield , forwArds.

Runcorn.—Houghton, hick; Moran, Flanninghan,Warder and BUttErPTOri h, three-quitter hacks ; July and Richard- son, nalf backs ; Walker. Langley, Woods, Farmer,Moulton, Rees. Williams. an Higgins, forwards, Referee, Mr J Brukihw (Stock pind)• Touch judges, Messrs G Wilson (111anningham) and S Mortimer (Dewsoury). WIDNES v HIINSLET.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A DRAWN GAME. About 2.000 speetato, s Uned the ropes ar,Widne. ocrmsion of the match between the abet,. temnis

tel on Lb

Widnes won the UM. Goldthorpe started for the visitors against the strong wind, and almost immeiiately after the initial kick Hughes got away. and was within inches of I scoring when glided over.. La!ley marked, but Tiiiey, trying ' for goal, failed miserably, Hunsiet atiacke I strongly, Hannah being prominent tor a magnifica:4i: run, but v,as stooped be Taylor. Tilley got aw. 1,7 from the scrummage, and passed smartly to Taylor. who scored near tne r oats, Tilley c,,avarting. Albert Goldthorpe was then ccnspicuous for stcrling work. Widnes, favoured by the wind, pressed continually, though the sterling defence of the visitors pre- vented a score. In the midst of come very fast play, Ley- shon was injured, end had to be assisted off tip ground. Widnes still pressed, but the visiting three-guerters got through a lot of admirable defensive work. Half •time score : Widnes, 1 goal 1 t y(5 points) ; Runslet, nil. The second half opened at a great oace. Taylor put in a fine run, and Albert Goldthorpe made a clinking attccapt to drop a goal. The visitors we.e keen on the attack, pley raging for tale ten miLmes in the vlninity of the home' 25' 'ins. On one occasion k Coldthorpe finiihed a brilliant per- formance by passing to Smith, who got within an ace of scoring. Alter another very close shave for the home men, Smith got away and crow. I for Hunslet, A Goldiiiiorpe fail- . lag at the place. Several scrimmages ensued in the home qusr;erd. Widnes was evenimoly penalised for off-side, and Albert Goldthorpe drew level by landing a pretty goal. This was the last seci,e, and the termination of the game found matters: Widnes, 1 goal 1 ivy (5 points) ; Hunslet, I goal 1 try (5 points) nunslet —Mitchell, back ; W Goldthorpe. Whitevey_ Hannah and Smith, three-auarter backs ; A 11 Goldtho:pe :Lad Jackson. half backs : Lilooter, Wilson, Glew, Turin- ingley, Braoke, Limn, Wray Ramsge forwards. Widnes.—Kinsella, back ; Hughes, Tayioe. Rispan. and Tilley, three-qua:l-r b.cks ; Douglas and Lades,. halfbacks; Hampson. Curtis, Mac)onald. Rigby, Wooster, Leyshcm, Hughes, and McCai e, forwards, Referee, Mr J Oakland, Outsvcod Church. Touich judges. Mr F Turner. Wardugton and Mr G Taylor, Wigan.

THE HEPLAY.—WIDNEB DEFHATED. Thee clubs met for the sooond time to decide Vial: North- ern Union Cup tie on Wednesday afternoon. Hunslet bad the best of the gams. and at hal -time were ten points In fraot by scores from [towage and Smith, whilst A Gold- thorpe kicked both goals. In the seconi half the homea.ers ‘..-d all the play, W Goldthorpe scoring twice, and Whiteley crossinq befot e the finish. Relult Hui:lslet, 3 goals 5 tries (21. points), Widnes nil.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON v. WIGAN.

More than unialinterest was taken-iii-trii;.engagement on the Wilderspool enclosure on Easter Monday. Quite five thousand spectators assemlsled, a considerable number travelling from Wigan. The teams lined up as follows: Warrington. -Hallam, back; Fish, Edmonds, Dio.tenson and Harris, threasquarters ; Hockenhall and Townson, half backs; Edmondson, IL :bees. llen. J swift, W swift, Morrison, Boardman and Forster, forwards.

Wigan..--Macauley, back; Nixon, Rouse. Webster and Barr. three-quarters ; Nelson and Bothwell, half backs ; Brown, Collier, Barton, Vicars, Hilton, Rigby, Toppin and Ball, fore ards. It will be seen that the chief alteration in Warrington team was the removal of Riamonds from half-back to three. quarter as a partner wiGli Fish. Wigan played a reoresenta- tive team. Brown kicksd off for Wigan against the wind, and W Swift made a mark. Dickenson kicked into the Wigan half.and Fish had an unsuccessful shot at goal. Tne pressure was however, kept up by Warrington and Harris was pushed In touch on the line. The next minute however, lie took a pass from. ficickerihall and ran over, Fish falling at goal. A good run was made by Webster,whiala put Wigan in a favour- able position Townson by a judicious kick, sent the ball back again, and from a penalty to Warrington. Fiselanded a good goal. The game continued in Warrington's favour. and Hallam sent the ball just under the cross-bar from a penalty kick. Webster and Nelso,,, by a well combined nsovement,eornpelled Dickenson to kiek in touch. From the kick from. touch, Wigan pressed for POMO time, and Nelson kicked for goal, but failed. The pl iy quietened down for some time. until Macauley was tackled close to the line by Roberts. He-e Diekenson got possession and when tickled he threw to Hockenhall, who 148 betthld the posts for Fish to kick a goal. Fish made two sensational runs, but just failed to score on each occasion. Half-time arrived with Warrington leading by 10 points to nil. Swift restarted for Warrington The visitors made good use of the wind and immediately commenied to press. Webster almost breaking through. Nelson failed with a penalty kick, Wigan almost continually pressed, and from hforsvard rush the ball was sent to the line, and Wigan ha tard lines, Wigan hid a distinct advantage forward, and he backs were able to get possession from the scrimmage on , almost every ociasion, A splendi I dribble by Hillim and Harris gained a large amount of ground. A good chance of 1 a score came when Itothwell took a kick in front of the goal, I b,ut he failed. At length, from a forward rush, Ball scored I

Close to the posts, Nelson kicked a goal. Play now became very keen, and Barr was tackled by Hallam at ter he passed all other opponents. J Swift and Forster indulged in a neat exchange of passing and relieved the pressure on War- rlngtm, The final came with the score Warrington two goals two tries (10 points) ; Wigan, one goal one try (5 Points).

===== 0002601_19020404_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Is Security in Lt. Mt yropo en the toothbry,. every morning NTER9s 1 / ALE i47re. IPVIIIRS Mll%. 'fi ..,- ~ of Small Pill. Small Doze. Email Price SOZODONT Will Sweeten tha Breath all clalt. . . .. and make ail the difference law. 4 ''plutely cure Sick Headache, twe.n— Oilio.usness. Torpid Liver, Indi. Qood Teeth and Bad Teeth. resnon. Constlpation, Dizziness, White) Teeth ancl Yellow Teeth. Yurred Teague. They D rretnatich the . - li-it er. y teeth and Ugly Teed. ee— Complete in Toilet ''.,^ ,400. lett be Etre thew as A41:67.1a. Tow.* Yowee.a. a....

7Mere CAR 'll-11

===== 0002601_19020404_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
IRE EXAMINER FRIOAY, APRIL 4 1902

===== 0002601_19020404_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

CRICKET BATS . Slogger" 63 "Klynker " 7/6 Don" 10/6 " Suggeesa" 12/6 Banji (pat.) 15,1,17,5 Iil( Lancs. Wl(tpelry6 j Bounderie, 21/- 11 ' BATTING GLOVES 36, 46.5,6, 6 6,76, 8,6 WICKET-KEEPING 3 6,4/6, 5 6, 6/6, 8 0,10 6 4it CRICKET SKIRTS • - 16, 29, ,3 6 4:6.

• WICKETS .661.1 (plain) 3'6 Ash Ferruled al Ash Solid Tops 5/. Ash Revolving 6/9 iron Shod,9d.set extra

BALLS Challenge 2'6. Suggeesa 3/6. Klynker 4/6, Witch 56.

. Wr

===== 0002601_19020404_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN V. WIDNES.

This match was played at Irwell-lane on Friday before a large gate. The ground was in good condition, both teams being representative. Widnes won the toss and elected to play with a slight wind behind them. Runcorn soon got Into the visitors' quarters, McCarthy being called upon to save. The visiting forwards by hard work carried the leather with them. Price mulling at a critical moment. Langley broke away and for a time matters were contested at midfield. Widnes wore not to be denied, however, and from a short pass by Lalley, Pencoek scored a splendid try Rigby gosling. Widnes again made tracks for their opponent's line,Price saving nicely. A round of passing between Rispan, Tilley, Barker and Peacock enabled the latter player to score at the corner, Rigby failing at goal Runcorn now played with more spirit, Faulknee and Langley breaking away and making the play at the other end. The attack was but momentary.the visitors by good combinatien keeping up the pressure Peacock again had a near chance of running in, 4ayter clearing. A moment later the home forwards got the ball at their toes and with a magnificent dribble carried the ball from one end of the field to the other, Darlington scoring between the posts. Pries failed at goal. At this point Faulkner had to retire with his shoulder put out. Aided by an ever fresh— ening wind Rispan and Curtis kept the visitors on the attack. Runcorn elearieg their lines very narrowly on more than one oecasion. W ith a nice kick and run Faulkner placed Widnes on the defensive, but very quickly the ball went back to the Runcorn lines, where an anxious five minutes ensued. Furni,al averted the daneer but Lally taking a fine drop at goal managed to steer the leather between the posts. Half time arrived with Widnes leading by two goals two tries to one gtry. On the restart Runcorn pressed Widnes missing a splendid opportunity to score. Tilley with a grand run forced Furnival to kick dead. Ira turn the localsibeeame the aggressors a fine movement initiated by Faulkner and Price just failtng. A scrum between the visiters' ports mad Runcorn's hopes look rosy but I' alley ave-ted danger. The same player with a fine dodgy run broke away and enabled Widnes to att. ek again. Danger was narrowly averted and from a series of scrims Lalley made a grand opening which failed through leek of support. McCarthy kicked finely across the field the ball being neatly taken by Riley who scored the goal kick failing. A moment later ateCerthy's kick was eha-ged down. Messenger .scoring at the corner the goal kick . .

failing. The visitors still maintained the upper -hand be splendid combination. Pries again placed Runcorn on the attack but no opening could be tound The game afterwards settled down. Widnes winning by two goals three tries to Runcorn two tries. RUNCORN V. ST. HELENS. This match wee ,leyed at Runcorn on Men,:lay before a poor gate. The .weather was favourable for gocd football. Both teams wore representative. A few minutes after the start Runcorn were awarded a free kick Jolley making an Ineffectual attempt at goal After sceummaging at centre, hoseilitiee were contested within the home 25. Butterworth and Riley bringing relief with a neat kit of play, St Helens still presqed and a score WAR narrowly av-reed by Jolley baffling his opponents and trarsferring play to the other end. Several gold openings vp re made by the visitors but they failed to make the most of their opportunities, Richard- son brouent relief with a neat doegv run, Warder losing the bell when nearly over the Hee. Moran and B Ate:worth with a grand rm agale platted the St. Helens in jeoparey, but the latter's pass beMg intercepted, a fine bit of play transferred the leather to the other and. A moment later Weeder charged down Keneralr's kick. Jolley tushing no and scoring at the come:. The goal Leek failed The leather had hardly bsen set in rnoLion when Butterworth frees half way d•opped a goal, the oval just dropping over flee posts. A fine eprint by Kennedy called upon Wilkinson to save, danger being nertowly aye: te. Loose play by ,ho Yieitors let ltuneorn in again, and a round of passing resulted in Butterworth distancing his opponents and seering at the comer. Jolley failed at goal, St. Helens made mutters lively to half time whrh arrived wlth Runcorn leading by one gaol. two tries to St Helens nil. Resuming, Fiannagen with a neat run and kick Breed the sesiters to defend, Richardson being tacelee with the ball in his possession, when on the point of breeking away. Moran made a fine oeming but failed to part at the right moment, Runcorn were not to be gainsaid and aftee the leather had been touche 1 by all the local heetts Butterworth comp'etel the mevement by grounding the leather between the pests. Jolley failed at coal. On the drop oat the visitors went away with a rush WhiLeiy gadlering neatly and passing 'eo Briers v.ho romped over at the c rrnee, Lee failing at goad. St Helens again got to work on the Rancorn line the nail rolling into touch. Scrambling play followed, Reneorn havtpg tbe best of matters. Moran nearly effected a score, being held on the line. Final :—Runcorn, one goal three trees ; St Helens, one try.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

SOUTH SHIRLDS VISIT WARRINGTON.

_ With a vi-vv to resarvi az their fall streagiih for the more imoor.ant match with Wigan on ( Ylonday) Warrii,gton ga mi the to ajor portion of their first team a rest in the friendly maioh with South Shiel Is. Although the Warringinnians -won, it must be said in favour of the Haat countrymen that they created a f tvaurable impression, acid a imum visit to the yr:remit:Mg diArict would have a more favourable effeot i.han aas the ease on Salm day, when only a moderate " gate " assembled to witness the return match. A superior knowledge of the guns stood Warriegi.on well, and had the South Shields men possessed an thing like finish they must have tumel several favourable openings to good account. Playing wi!,h the wind the lreals were consislently aggressive, but a capital defense was exhibited by Gorr and Thompson who got the Sooth Shields team nut of many a tight corner The inlidsl half was respooeible , for .brilliant. aftnt which was worth going a long way to I see. The visitors were attacking the Warrington tide in

...... foree when Fish got possession, and a beautiful effort saw him completely outwit the opposing di.fence,and placing a goal Warrington led at the ialerval by five points. Turn- ing iound the odds appedred g-eatly in favour of the Sou,h Shields men, but their efforts again lacked finish and beyond a Penally goal placed by fhornpson th- visitors never appeared really dangerous Warrington had always the whip had of heir opponents, and the five points to two by no means represents the superioAty of toe winning side.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

CIIORLEZ 0 EIRV,STOWN.

This match was Played at Chorley on Saturday before a fair attendance. Chorley were much overplayed Half time: Barlestown one goal. Chorle v nil. Each notched a poidt in the sec old holf and the game resulted in a victory or Earlestown by two goals to one.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORLD OF BOOKS.

Milions of books upon miles of Shelves. What a sentence ! Conceive. if you can, waste it implies. Who shall measure the infinite thought and labour expended by all Botta and conditions of men, ia every age and clime, upon their production ? If the enthroned fanatic who used the most magnificmt library of ancient times to heat the b;ths of Alexandria—alleging that if its con- tants were in the Kran, it was unnei,essary ; and if not, than it was mischievous—could visit the British Museum, he would find literary fuel suffi- cient for a cycle of Arctic winters. In the Museum tibia's, are bock: in every language that has a written character, practically every book in the Eng'ish tongue, and thousands of unique volumes, both manu- script and print, many of them of very great valae. A man who read for ten hours a day for a hundred years without a break, wou!ii at the end of his task, fad be had gone a very little way towards the exhaustion of John Bull's national library. In reading in old-world writings of the healing art as mactisod by ancient peoples, one is struck not so mach Lj the absurdity of their proposed remedies, horribly repugnant to modern ideas as 91 many of them are, as by the shrewdness of observation displayed in the Gee- cripti:on of symptoms. There eta be no reasonable doubt that for diors suds of years man has suffered more or less severely fr am just those very diseases which most affect him to-day. There is positive evidence th% this is So with iespect to indigestion and biliousness. The treatment alone has changed, and how vastly so Mrs. N. Valence, of St. John's Cottage, Arnaud-street, Buckland, Portsmouth, ci,n tell. Writing on January 3frOottnn.pali9ao2; this lady says :—" Following influenza, I had an attack of indigestion. I was hardly ever free but it was always worse alter eating. At iast I became afraid to eat, and grew dreadfully week in cons- quence. Constipstion,and its usual result,head- t.cbe, also troubled me. Altogether I was in a bad way, and my doctoring came to nought until I resorted to Mother Seig,el'e Curative Syrup. Re happy elects were immediate. Mr appetite improvq.l and I could eat without fear. 137 the time I had finished oae bottle of the halr.-a-crown size. I was aria to say with truth that Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup bad completely restored me to health. Since then it has become quite a family medicine with us. If the children feel at all sick or bilious, I give to, in a dose or two, and always with beneficial results.'

Success oF the Borough Band. The Warrington Borough Band have been very successful in 'Jae Easter prize band cornoetit.ons.On gaturday, at Bootle, they carried off the second prize in a contest in which 20 bands ccoopeted and on Monday a Wigau,Ns here ftere weta ten entries, they won the foarth p; ize. The condr.e,tur a.; Boutle* was Mr R Rimer, of Southport, and at Wigan the band was led by Mr T Griffin, of WarAngton.

COWMERCtrit FAlRTRES.—lcocrding to '6 KetTlp'd Mar- Canti,e 4iaz3Cte," tho numher of Now Enkruptey Pro- c.,,ediags :u E::,,glonl Wah:s gitz.et!ed duricg the waek ndin March 29th, war; 88. The namtor ito the correspondir,l, svcek of last yoar was 102, ehpyr;T.,, a decrease of 14, being a nal; decrease in 1302, to dztet of 42.

WARRINGTON FREE CHURCi-I COUNCIL. Annual Meeting. The Education Question. There was a good attendanee at the annual meet- ing of the Warrington Free Church Council, which was held in Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Thursday last week. Sir C E Parker pre•?lded and was supported on the platform by the Revs E Lloyd Jones (formerlre of Warrington), C H Hocken, E T Reed, CI Finch, J F Matthews, and J S Hughes, THE SECRETARY'S REPO/tr. TFIE RING'S ATTiT(JDE TO WARDS HORSE RACING AND THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC. The SECRET kitY (Rev C II Hocken) presented the annual report, which read as follows : "[he greatest eat nt lest year was the organising of the services of the simultanems mission, begun February 16:h, and continued for ten days (February 26th). All the Free Chorches in the town j Aural very heartily in the mission, and the Council was well served by its missioner the R2ll J Gould. We perhaps made a inistake in not takinn nee Parr Efsll for these servicss instead of holding them in the Bold-street Chapel, and there was not sues a widespread and general spiritual awakening as some of us hoped. But the interest of the mis-,ion increased as it went on, there were large gatherinae and splendid services bringing times of refreshing and ingathering. What the final result will be we leave with God. 'rho collections and subscriptions fully tnt all the expenses of the mission, and these were kindly audited and found correct by Mr Councillor Ar bur Bonnet, leaving us with a balance in, band of is 31. In March of last year the Executive Committee made an earnest and respectful protest to the Mayor and Corporation against the decision arrived at to rebuild the Feathers Hotel, also a protest to the 51 avor and Parr Hall Committee against the evasion of the law with respect to Sunday observance by the letting of the Parr Hall for Sunday conceets. A standing sub-committee was appointed to deal with temperanc • matters both of local and national interest. Great interest was taken in the Children's Liquor Bill, and a resolutior, expressing regret and strong condemnation was seat to Mr Robert Pierpoint on account of his action ia voting aeainet the second reading of this Bill. The Executive Committee is anxious that this meeting should emphasiz s and do its utmost to insorese on all Nonconformist parent the necessity of their taking full advantage of the C insolence Clause for the protection of their children who have te attend Anglican day schools. At the last executive meeting of the year a sub-committee was appointed to make inquiries and report upon the existence of Sunday trading in the town and neighbourhood. Oa the re- ceipt of the report a temperate but vigotous circular was prepared and distributed calling the attention of ministers and leaders in churcees and schools and members of congrega ions generally to the matter, and . uiging them to no everything in their power to curtail this growing evil. At the last meeting of the Execu- tive Committee we were instructed as secretaries of the Warrington and D s riot Free Church Council to ex- plass on behalf of the committee one very loyal but heartfelt regret that his M ijesty Ed ward VII., as Monarch of these realms, should by any public action of his encourage gaantoing on the turf, Sunday desecration, or the liquor traffic,atid they deplore especially the evil influence on the nation of his Majesty's public pAronage of the drink traffic by hie recent visit to the great brewery at Burton. The finano-s of the Council are in a satisfactory p isition All tie affiliated church's have paid their annual subscription wave three and we close the year with a balance in hand of 5s 3id. In conclusion I cannot truthfully say that ' the members of the Free Churches in Warrington take an adequate interest in the work of the Free Church Council. They don' seem to realize what a miehty iostrument for good they have ready for service in the organization. of this Council. But the new year has opened well. We welcome very heartily to the chair of the Council our new Preddent, Mr 0 E Parker. We hope under his vigorous leadership we have entered on a new era and OD's more fruitful of ble!i!:- ing to Ur) free churches in this tome of Warrington." (Applause.) The CSAIRMAN said the Council was under a deep . obligation to Mr Hocken for the good work he had done as secretary during the time he had been in Warrington. (Hear; hear.) EL3 thought they would gather from the report what an influence for good the united power of t:se Ffe3 Churches of the town might be made if they had that combination which they hoped in future to attain. They had been fortunate that night in securing the presence of their old friend the Rev E Lloyd Jones. (Hear, hear.) While there were important matters which as a Council they would like to bring before the meeting, especially the great and important subject of education in which he thought Free Churches would look to the Co rued for seine guide and leading, it would be improper on their part if they put these matters in the forefront arid denied the audience the Privilege which they had come to enjoy of bearing Mr Jones very fully. (Applsui4e.) The repert was adopted. " CROMWELL AND PURITAN IDEALS." THE REV. E. LLOYD JONES'S INTERESTING LECTURE. The Rev E LLOYD JONES, who had a most cordial recep- tion, then delivered an interesting lecture on " Crom- well and Puritan Ideals." At the outset he said he knew the pulse ot Wavrington. He was in the town in the dark ages—(laughter)—and did his best to herald the ; dawn of better daye. He feared that the seed he had sown had not brought forth fruit a hundred fold,but he gatlrr cd from the report that there were some who still were the salt of the earth in Warrington. (Laughter.) Mere was hardly any great town in England and Wales that he had not visited again and again and he could say—and it would do good if he said it—that he knew of no town, where, taken upon the whole, Nonconform- ity was less heroic and Liberalism less vigorous than in Warrington. Proceeding to the subject of his lecture the rev gentleman said that howevs r great his admires tion of Cromwell was—and he could not measure that— his admiration of the Puritan principles which Cromwell so nobly represented was really greater than his admira- tion of the man. His purpose that night was to inter- pret Cromwell and Puritan ideals, and not to follow him into the mere details of his life. About a dozen yaarango, when Lord Rosebery, who was then Premier—Eugiond had now discovered that a man without backbone would not do, and if he had backbone it would greatly improve him—he was reminded that keeping race horses was not a supremo occupation for a Prime Minister, he rounded on the Nonconformists and said "How inconsistent you are. You condemn me for keeping race horses and your great prodigy Oliver Cromwell kept race horses and he was a racing man. Why don't you denounce kina or give him a fair share of denunciation ? " It was perfectly true that Cromwel loved a good horse. (Hear, hear.) So did he (the speaker but what Lord Itosebeiy did not know or cer- tainly did not state, was that all Cromwell's betting transactions were previous to his conversion and that after his conversion be returned every penny he had ever made by betting. Continuing the speaker, said that Cromwell was the great- est man this country had ever produced—the greatest lump of:manhood—and possessed the greatest amount of natural capacity for overcoming difficulties and doing the wisest thing under the circumstances. No man ever undertook to do any great task with so many opposing farces as Cromwell had to contend with. The strongest sentiments in human nature we against him. Take first oif all the eentiment of loyalty. Toalay, in the maj )rns' of instances, the sin of all sins was to criticise the public conduct of a monarch. They had travelled far and fallen very low from their Puritan ancesters who thought that the first duty of Nonconfor- mists was always to qualify their loyalty by enlighten- ment of the person,—to do all they coind to keep the I character of the monarch' clean and if it were not clean 1 to tell him it was not. There was only one paper in I England so far as he knew that even dared to give King

Edward the Seventh good advice. "The Specta- tor" dared to do it, arid "The Spect ttor " was not a puritan. They saw how tremendously strong the sentiment of loyalty was and Cromwell had to go against it. He had also to go against the sentiment of aristocracy, and of the !legal profession, and against all the privileged classes. There was hardly a great moving sentiment that was strong in human nature that Cromwell dia not attack in the name of one force —the force of an enlightened conscience. That was the test of a great man. He contended that the best way to understand Cromwell was to take Cromwell's estimate of himself. They must re- membm that Cromwell said "By birth I was a gentle- man I was born into :circumstances neither exceed- ing lowly nor exceeding high, but by birth I was a gentleman." They must not commence a study of Cromwell with the understanding that he was a vulgar agitat w, a fire brand, one of those miserable crea- tures who through any door, or window, or chimney would get into good 'society Cromwell did net do that. He was born into the very best society of this country and from his tehildhoodl all doors were practically open to him. Until about twenty five years ago the Conservatives and Churchmen did not admit the possibility that Cromwell could be a gentle- man but they had now changed their minds or at least they had been quiet about it for the last twenty five years. With regard to Puritan ideals, he thought that however muc'a they might disapprove of the methods which the Puritans used, however they might criticise their bungling methods, they must admit that what they tried to do was but the Course adopted by ninety nine En diehmen oat of a hundred to-day. Eng- land had since 1688 practically been governed on Crom- wellian principles and her late Gracious Majesty for sixty yeara willingly and lovingly did every- thing that Cron:revel ever sought or tried to do. , The Puritaiis'ideels were both political and religioue,hut more religious than political. If King Charles had had the sense to grant the people religious liberty they would have tolerated p Atticsl tyranny for a very long period. .At the bottom it was not a cry for Parliament or for a vote. It was not a cry for representation, but it was a cry for liberty to go to the Baptist Chapel. In this they saw the farsightedness of the Puritans, for after all the root of liberty was not in politics but in religion. They might make a country politically free and yet it might be religiously enslaved, but if they made a country religioesly free, he defied them to make that country politically enslaved. Man was only really free when he was free to worship and to believe according to the laws of his own thought. As regarded the Puritans, the matter politically was that Cuarles the first laboured under the delusion that all the brains of England were under his hat. He believed that no man in England was capable of forming a political opinion except himself. He died with the declaration that he woul I never grant that the people of the country had any right to have a voice in the government of the country. He believed in that mother of superstition, the divine right cf Kings. Tee human race had never beli ved ancohing as absurd as that. It had never built a super-structure upoe any foundation es iecoecavable and rotten as that. He (the speaker) declared to them that that was the most baseless belief that the human mind had ever asseeted to. Relieiously, the an:evictions of Puritans were that orey good men should make laws, that Christian religi- ous character was the only guarantee for the rectitude of a King or commoner. They craved for religioue liberty, and however limited the liberty that Cromwell gave them was, it was the first attempt to give any. He (the speaker) fancied that the majority of N incoeformiete to-day were not as advanced as Cromwell was. He gave liberty to the Presbyterians, who were his deadly foes, to the Baptists, and to the Independents, and he was willing lender favourable conditions to give liberty even th the Episcopalians. It was in his mind to give the same liberty to the Roman Catholics. Wnat was there in Epic- copelianism that made it so hateful to Puritans and what was there in Puritanism that made it se hateful to Episcopalians ? The t heory of Episcopalianism was that God's -method of conveying truth to the human mind was through material symbols, the symbols of bread, water and wine ; secondly through rt ater;al symbols that were the property of a corporation called the church ; thirdly through a body of experts who were at the nead of the Church, called the clergy. In the theory of Episcopalianism there was no contact between the mind of God and the mind of the individual. The Puritan began at the other end and said God's method of conveying truth to the human mind was not necessarily through symbols at all ; but even if it was symbols through twenty thousand or a million symbols. There was nothing from the singing of a bird to the roar of thunder which under certain conditions could not be a vehicle for conveying the divine. But that was not God's fundamental method of conveying truth. It was God Himself coining into contact with the naked mind of man, without symbols, without organizations, without experts. The Puritan revolution was not brought e bout by a let of extremists outside the Church, but by the most godly and Conser- vative men within the Church—for Croe.well was a Churchman, always a Cnurchman, and died a Church- man. In the modern sense Cromwell was not a Dis- senter, beceuse he did not believe in Disostablishment arid Disendowment. Cromwell and the Paritans, how- ever,contended that each Church should have the oppor- unity of selecting its own minister. If the majority in the parish were Baptists there must be a Baptist minister, if the majority were Congregationatist, a Con- gregational minister and so on. Cromwell lead been charged with desecrating public building,. People asked why it was that Cromwell put his horses in a cathedral. tie (the speaker) did not know, but he could imagine him doing it and would do it himself in a minute. He had not beard a single loyal subject con- demn our soldiers for doing it in the Transvaal and to the Boer his church was as holy as the English Cathedral. To him (the speaker) a coalpit was as holy, if a man was on his knees, as a pulpit and the most ignorant collier in the bowels of the earth was just as much a priest of God as the Archbishop of Canterbury. The speaker centended that the position given to the Bible by the Puritan was not tee same as that given to it by the Churchman A High Churchman imphatically said the Bible was not the immediate basis of truth ; ie was the Bible as interpreted by the Church. The Puritan said the Bible was interpreted by itself and by the living experience of man. Proceeding,the lecturer said there was not a single great reform in Church or state since the Puritan revol- ution, the thought of which had not come from the brains of the Puritaae. There was not a single act for the extension of literty, either political or religious, which had not been stolen from the brains of these men. There were a great many Nonconformists who shed many tears for the divisions of Christendom. If they asked him how many denominations there ought to be his reply was "As many as there are honest convictions in the human mind." Competition was salvation all mind. When they went where there were no divisions they were next door to hell. People asked him "Di you want Cornwell back ?" Our late Queen did everything that Cr unwell ever besought Charles to do, but if anY of her descendants played the trick of Charles and said the brains of the country were under their hat and that the people of England stood for nothing and the King for everything, that would change matters and if there was a Jones living he helped he would say "Let Croinevell come by the next train." (Applause.)

an illogical system. As result of this, we have fully half of the children of the country in so-called " Voluntary Schools." Of these " Voluntary Schools " six sevenths of the expenditure is borne by the taxes of toe country, and only one seventh comes from voluntary subscriptions ; so much for the present position. Now there was introduced into the House of Commons on Monday night by Mr Balfour, a Bill to deal with the question. I have carefully considered this Bill and am ready to acknowledge that I think it is an hon- est attempt to deal with a very difficult problem— (hear, hear)—that in some respects it would be an improvement on the present state of affairs. But consider the proposals, as far as we can judge o them in skeleton form, open to very serious objec tions: First, the Educational authority in War rington, if Warrington adopts this Local Option Bill, will be the Town Council along with a number of outsiders they may co opt- Now I have for the gentlemen who constitute our local Council a sincere respect, I honour them for the sacrifice they make of time and energy for the good of the town, but I question it they are the best men to effectively take in hand the management of the education of children. These men were returned to manage water, gas, and tramways, and to deal as economi- cally *as possible with the rates. They have no special aptitude for, or knowledge of, educational matters. It may be there are some educationalists in the Council, but that is the result of accident not design. My fear is that there will ever be pro- minent in elections, matters affecting the material interesiz of the liorough,and that education will be lost sight of and brushed out of the way. A further objectiun is the evil power which the Bill gives of tilling the country with petty denomi- national schools,and throwing the expenses of such chools on the rates. (Hear, hear.; Becauae it is roposed to enact that if there are a sufficient num- er of children—thirty I believe is the minimum mi t—whose parents do not care for the religious ducation given in the existing voluntary schools, hat they have power with the permission of the Educational Authority to erect another scheol and throwiupon the rates the Cost of its maintenance Thus we have the old evil of dividing up the chil- dren into religious groups, and herding them inco different theological pens. I look upon the exist- ing voluntary schools as a necessary evil, and that power Should be given to increase and perpetu- ate this evil is radically had. (Hear, hear). There is a great deal ef 'humbug about this Voluntary School question. It is true there are a few earnest religionists who contribute cheerfully to Voluntary Schools, but I firmly believe 90 per cent, of those who give their preference to voluntary schools do so not because they are coecorned about the form of religio instauction taaght, but because by it they escape their stare of payment for education altogether. (Hear, hear.)LAnd so it is that the voluntary system owes jr9 apparent strength, not to religious zeal, but from a desire of many who seek to avoid their fair share of the burden and responsibility of this national duty. I have been asked to refer at this meeting to what is known as the " Conseience Clause." It is not known dohether in this new Bill in view of the proposition for establish- ing new denominational schools, this " Con- science Clause " will not be swept away, bnt 83 it at present stands every parent whose convictione do not canform to the religious teaching gived in Voluntary &hoots by sectarian teachers hse the legal right to withdraw his child during the hour devoted to religious instruction. My Council desires this to be generally known and understood. But I h&Ve some hesitancy in urging the Nonconformist parents id Warrington ro put this clause into operation. I trust there is little necessity for it in Warrington. I should have still more hesitancy if I were addrressing a gattc- ing ot country or village paten's, because I know that in country districts it would otten result in social isola- tion and risk to employment and pecuniary loss which no parent ought to be called upon to bear. And further, and perhaps tnis is the strongest point I consider that a parent ought to hesitate long and anxiously. before even for censcience sake he introducea into the eehol and into his own child's school life, an element of division and separation from ite fellows, apon points which the poor innocent child can- not understand, but which may bring to the isolated child who is forced to take a position of disaent ,a bitter school life. I say that a syatem purporting to be a National system (and indeed it is a National system 50 far as payment goes):whicla places potent.' and aluldreals in such a false posit:on, cannot and ought not to last (Applause.) It is the illogical system that is at faul and n) " conscience clause " can ever put it right. We therefore invite the Free Churchmen and women ol Warrington to consider this quastion, and if they calve to the 88109 opinion as I have done, to lie/ together and not to rest satisfied until Oa authority controlling education in this tow's shall be directly elected by and be sokill7 responsible to the ratepayers. Our aim 89 Free Church- men should te '0 contend for what one of the spaaker in the H use of Commons has called the masculine element of public control, popular irigin, popular interest, and popular tnansg,ement. And I trust that the new Education Bill is to pass into Law that euoil alterations will be made in it as will render eifectiVe popular control, and through that popular coetral popular interest will be developed as it has never t een before. I trust that in England we will yet see a reallat national system directli controlled by the people, a' system which will make each citizm feel that he is moral co-ra irtner in the civic and national work ci! the schools. A feeling cf individual responsibiaty and interest cannot be developed under the present systeor I fear that in this respect, the proposed new system is no improvement. (Applause.) Cod' tinning he said be had very great pleasure le moving the following resolution :—" That this meeting of Warrington Free Churchmen is of opinion that tbe only satisiactocy soiution of the educational question je the creation of one local authority which shall Da directly elected by and responsible to the ratepayer' cor the manseement of all educational institutionsr re ceiving aid frem the rates."

Ths key J F MATTHEWS seconded the ai ,ption of tbe resolution. _

The Rev C FINCH supported. He was of opinion tho if the a wernment Bill were passed into law the velum' try schools would cease to exist, Of course, denornina' tional schools would continue, but if the whole of tha expenses wero met by an exchequer outside the schools, he railed to see where the voluntarf character of the schools came in. He held that the reel who paid the pip-r should determine the tune, and the schools ware voluntarily supported thEy should be voluntarily c 'introlled. If the schools were to be sur ported by national money they should be under popular contr )1.

Mr G WAT.LINGTON considered that it would he rather premature to pass the resolution. He was quite agreenvnt with the popular control of schools. ant the were going to the expense of getting Pariiamentari powers to put educational matters in the hands of the Town Council. ilk sympathy was with School BoartV• The Roy J F MATTHEW 3 : Weare not responsible for what the Town Council an doing. Mr S B STRINGER : Have the Council held a meeting, on 'he subject yet ? (Voices : " No.") Thl CHAIRMAN objected to Mr Wallington using tbB term " we " ia regard Co the application of the Towa Council.

Mr STRINGER : !NW ths law compels) the Council call a public meeting before it can ask for these powers and it has not called one yet.

The CHAIRMAN said tiaas the Eitication developed the Free Church Council mig,tt possibly bolo a meeting to diFICUB3 the matter.

Mr WALLINGTON : It would- be a good thing. wants thrashing out in a snmnson sensible fashion. The resolution was put to the meeting and car with two dissentients.

Warrington Off-Licence Association. Mr William Tnrossell (president) presided at tb9 seventh annual meeting of this Association whiell was held at the Pelican Motel. Tae president, ill. the course of his remarks,suggested that the aesociiv tion should give some additional financial assist' ance to the Federation.—A resolution was passel asking the borough member to oppose Clause 8 0. the Government Licensing Bill. The officers wet? elected as follows :—Mr William Throssell, pfi3sl; dent ; Mr George W Beard, vice-president; Mr Ellis, secretary ; Mr G W Beard, treasurer; William Tarossell and Mr J Fair, auditors; and committee of twelve members was appointed. 111,6, president and secretary were deputed to attend t" conference of the National Federation to be held 9 Lincoln on April 16,

===== 0002601_19020404_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
The most economical way of ' buying cocoa is to buy for quality. Mazawattee Cocoa Is the highest quality ever attained In cocoa, and In use it goes twice as far as ordinary cocoas. MAZATT:

===== 0002601_19020404_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BUY A GOOD CYCLE

THE EDUCATION QUESTION.

Important Speech by the Chairman.

Resolutio—n—Wdopted.

The chairman thendelivered a speech on the sub- ject of the Education Bill. Ile said : When, in 1870, the State gave practical recognition to the fact that it was a national duty, to insist and pro- vide for the education of all the children of the country, a serious mistake was in my opinion,made when instead of making a complete national system co-ordinate and symmetrical from to to bottom from infant school to university,the Education Bill of 1870 took up the voluntary schools and patched on to thorn what was inzended to be a national system, and every effort since,has been to patch up

CURES LIKE LIGHTNING NOSLICHTNINI .COUGH CURE SELLS LIKE LIGHTNING A scientific remedy for the speedy cure 01 ' Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma and 10; fluenza. It stops an ordinary Cough in . „ night. It has the largest sale in the wanit+ ' because it is farisuperior to the common, chea;P_; . syrupy mixture so often sold; endorsed " , Vy Medical Men. 454 Ask for • VENO'S LIGHTNING COUG3-I.CURE. 74 Don't take any other. Prie ,iLa and .2/9 of all Chemists and Medicine Venda*.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
STATEMENTS. DIRYLORANDUMB 813nMONSES CATALOGUES LRDGRus JOURNALS (34,5 R BOOKS DAY BOOKS, &c.

JOHN WALKER ISt, CO,

===== 0002601_19020404_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Chair Bedstead. A comfort to every home. Can be used as CuII Coucw, OR BRDSTICAD. 16/6 at Works. Iron Chair fift. by 2 ft., with Massive Brass Front Legs, and Three Cretonne cushions, with Two Arm Pads. G. E. FOWLES & Co., 89, Wilma' ROAD, BLIMINWIAL

[very shoo tits not every foot,

X LCOR POLISH

(Highly recommended by the trade), Suits every shoe or boot, or any article made of leather. It gives a most brilliant polish with very little labour, and being entirely free from all Injurious acids or spirits enables the leather to retain its natural elasticity and thus prevents it cracking or becoming mouldy. XLCORare made under the most approved scientific methods. The Leather Creams POLISH ES area boon to all-stablemen, coachmen, etc., because they keep their requisites waterproof. The Furniture Polish is what every housewife requires. Once tested it will always be used. To be obtained of all grocers or bootrnakers, or of the XLCOR SS, VICTORIA STREET, POLISH CO., WESTMINSTER, LONDON, S.W.

7

(1.Z4.. • :i"r• --- AA II

li--- * - ;:t coat q XL !.317"E'ni (it° •,,,i'W,...4-,,110..,......,;:5ii:*':4'-''',lll'l! ' tt, ~,,,t. ~ .'#'',, lii "r"-A' ''.'°,, 'W-, .-. ' , ~,,k, /.101LP sr"' 40: '-‘,. i., 0.04,-*..'•, At,,\\ foot,' but

===== 0002601_19020404_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY APRIL 4, 190:1

===== 0002601_19020404_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
:J. AND A, SAVAGE CHUM' ST. BUNCI

yotill ADVERTISEMENT in the "Examiner. Places it before those whom you want to reachand goes direct to tbe Public, keeps your name before them, serves to make you etrAr Known among thtro, at a very small cost.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MANLY MEN

Why sufferYfrom pains and misery caused byriervonsness Premature Exhatistion, and Wasting Weakneas ? Send fo play book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quielrly Cured without STOmACti MEDICINE or EGNOTILIOITY.

Specimens of letters received. (cud qvar =teed genui " I Cannot find words to express nw ,trsos.u. am. used to think I never would get cure I. I wish I had seen your advertisement at Erst. I shoLld have saved many pounds.-14-F M." I nave earri-d out your Instructions, and am now per fectly Book tent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93, o•reit Russell Street, London, W.U. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succeee

THE NEM FRENCH:REMEDY. TLi ERA PION This successful and highly . popular remedy, as em- ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Riaord Roaban,Jobert, Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherMemployed for impurity of tin 3 blood. spots, blotches, pains and swell- trigs of the pints, kidney, bladder, and urinary dismiss, stricture, disc./311race, piles, gravel, pains in Use back. rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous and physical mama- tin", etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Sios. 1,2. and 3 eecording to diseases for which intended, Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR. It. JOHNSON, 43, HOI/FORD-SMARE, LONDOZ , W.O

7

UMBRELLAS I URBRELLAS 1 LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE POR PRESENTS LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S w kLKING STICKS UNERELLAS AND 31_1NSFIADli:S RECOVERED ix mkt, AN HOUR FROM 38. 6D, T. BRIERL EY, 61, PICCADILLY A NDOPPOS ITE CONSTANTIINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET,

ANCREST

PAINLESS DNTISTRY, WHERE?

LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, 35, BEWSET-STREET, WARRINGTON. WHEN?

EVERY WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY

PRICE?

SET 21s. SINGLE TOOTH 2S. 6D.

PRESENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

USEFUL AND LASTING.

AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYBODY.

CUTLERY, POCKET KNIVES, ELECTRO- PLATE.

TOYS. FANCY GOODS.

BEST GOODS. REASONABLE PRICES. For Value cannot be equalled.

23). IN EV-EEY 1/- SAVED TO YOU

SAM N. GREEN,

THE FISH MARKET. WARRINGTON.

(For upwards of 18 years with Skelton's, Ltd.

JOHN EISON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRENCH POLISHERS,

STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINET MAKERS, AND UPHOLSTERERS.

Mr. JOHN EMSON haß been over 36 years with

Robert Garnett and Sons, and 23 years as Foreman Polisher.

PRIVATE ADDRESS : -19, THYNNE-STREr T.

LIGHT! LIGHT!! LIGHT

WHY SIT IN DARKNESS WHEN yotr CAN HAVE AN

INCANDESCENT BURNER, MANTLE AND CHIMNEY READY FOR FIXING To ANY GAS BRACKET FOR Is. 6D,

&DELIGHT WHITE MANTLES 4ID, EACH, 45. 3D. PER DOZEN.

NOTE OUTt ADDRESS: THE WORLD'S

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING CO., 17, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

J. TOOLE,

===== 0002601_19020404_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion;

Disordered Liver Cti Female Ailments.

-;:

===== 0002601_19020404_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
VI`I..tEED

us COAoULINE *:* TRANSPARENTCEMEHT, FOR ALL BROKEti AMCUS.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANUZIE

MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD.

TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEPIIO2rE No. 222.

GEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD.,

DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCIMSTER.

BY SPECIAL ROYAL ••*-- WARRANT NIBOF.r •••.,x MAJTEOSTIRYISTHE A KING. •'" •

AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39A, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CYCLE INFIRMARY Is THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR "BIKE" FOR REPAIRS, NO JO S TOO SHILL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW 1101.1 ES.

FREE W HEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RFEBERED AND RE-LINED EQUAL TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED.'

Cycles built to order from Perry's Raffle., 8.5. A., nnl hater Lee Zttings, Agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS,

D. H. GUEST,

CYCLE INFIRvARY, MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

PAPER AN D BAGS, GROCENS' WINDOW BILLS,';' TICKETS, TWINE, STATIONERY.

S. WEAVER,

3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON!

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET. ALL GOODS MADE ON THE PREMISES PROM PURE AND .WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS. Customers giving in Orders early,

can choose their own Mottoes.

AN CASHI RE CASE! BAK CRY

Co., LTD. BRANCHES : BLACKPOOL AND BOLTON.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. MR. PERCY R LNDALL PRor,ssoa OF MUSIC.

ORGANIST AND CHOIRMASTER OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, HAS REMOVED TO 7, WINMARLEIGH STREET

===== 0002601_19020404_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PitHERBHI WILL CONTINUS TO RiOSIV/C PUPILS

101 TILE Ofiail PIAIOFORTE. VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, SINGING, THEORY AND HAIM° NY. PUPILS CAREFULLY PREPARED FOR EXAMINATION

IN ANY OF THE ABOVE SUBJECTS. FEES Ou APPLIOATiON TO 7, WINMARLEIGE. STREET, w ARRING: ON

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMA R K ET-STREET, WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF

CUTLERY, SPOONS, FORKS, & C, SPLENDID STOCK OF CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELECTRO PLATE AT VERY LOWEST PRIORS. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US a CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORS EMARKET OTR ELT,

' 'WARRINGTON.

JOSEPH WOODSY AR D, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSKY-STILBET. WARRINGTO Repairs to Property punctually:attended to.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
tlittrs to tbe laitor.

Runcorn Urban Council Election.

Sir,—ln your issues of the 21st and 27th, you make reference to a report that the Co-operators intend ti run a candidate annually until they secure a majority on the Ceuncil. _ . . .

lam desired by my Committee to say that such an idea has never been entertained, and that the report is without the slightest particle of truth. Such a report is very misleading, and calcubhted to ause us a great amount of annoyance,and we shall feel obliged if you will kindly insert our most emphatic con- tradiction in your next issue.--Yours faithfully, J. J. SEIAvV, Secretary. Runcorn Co-operative Industrial and Provident. Society Limited.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The Coronation.

Sir,—ln former years I and others have subscribed to the usual Walking Day funds to the various &tools. I would now like to ask the question—will the schools expect the usual subscriptions in addition tm what will be allowed them from the general fund now being raised ? If that is so then the general fund I am afraid will suffer, because people cannot afford to give to both. Let it be clearly understood asla_whether the vaTious schools are going to forego collecting their usual subBcriptionB for this year and rely on the general fund or do they expect both. This is a question which ought to be settled at once,becanse then the subscribers can decide which fund to subscribe to.—Yours truly, S. D.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
AT DEATH'S DOOR. CHRONIC STOMACH TROUBLE CURED BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

Mr. S. WILSHAW, RIBBLE BINK, SETTLE. Yorks, V? zites :—You will be glad to know that Veno's Seaweed ; 'Tonic has worked wonders in my case. For the last two years I suffered very much with pain after eating, and wind. Niy stomach was so bad that I could not eat solid food, I lost a great deal of strength and flesh and was not able to work. I tried all kinds cf medicine but without any benefit, and the doctors gave up trying to cure me. It was a happy day for me wban I started taking Venc's Seaweed Tonic. After the first week the pains were relieved, also the wind. I began to relish my food and gradually got stronger, and now I feel myself cured and able to work. It is a godsend to me. I shall never forget your Seaweed Tonic. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC

is the great medium that restores health. It is used in nearly every British home because of its great tonic and strengthening power, and its specific action in all cases of stomach, LIVER, KIDNEY, and BLOOD DISEASES. For WEAK HEART and HABITUAL CONSTIPATION it has no equal. A bank cheque for 2s. 63. pay- able through the London Tracing Bank, Ltd., is enclosed with every 2s. 93. bottle. You are entitled to collect 2s. 61 for every 2s. 9d. bottle you purchase if it fails to cure you completely. It is a genuine guaran- tee and means a cure or no pay. Ask at chemists and medicine vendors for Veno's Seaweed Tonic. Price is. 1. and 21. 93. Sold by Boots Ltd., Warrington ; Peake, Earlestown and Newton ; Weston and Co., Runcorn ; Wailbridge, 'chemist, J. W. Jackson, chemist and druggist, St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions.

WEDNESDAY—Before Mr John White (in the chair), Colonel Ridgway and Mr S If Armitage. THEFT Br A WARRINGTON CARTER.—RaIph Normatt,Rose and Crown-street, Warrington, was charged with stealing a bag of coal, of the value of elevenpence. the property of the Wigan Coal and Iron Company, Limited, at Poulton, on the 6th of March.—He pleaded not guilty.—Mr Allen, of Messrs Peace and Ellis, Wigan, prosecuted on behalf of the com- pany. Be said the case arose out of one heard a fortnight sons which defendant was charged with selling a bag of .coal without having scales on the lurry. It seemed that on the 6th of March he was sent out with a lorry of coal for a customer. It was to be delivered as a whole and it wee not neceseary for him to carry scales. The inspector of weights and measures for the district saw him sell a bag to a woman at Poulton, and defendant admitted to , him that belhad.no scales. When before the Court defendant told the magistrates that he bad had a bag of coal given to him to sell by another man. The bag, however, was similar t 4 those which defendant had on the cart to deliver for the company, and defendant did not give that explanation either to the inspector or to the foreman at the yard when subsequently seen about the matter. In fact, when he got back to the yard he asked for a shilling at the wages office, and went sway and did not come back.—Evidence having been given in support of this statement, defendant, on oath, stated that he bought the bag of coal from a man In Man- chester-road. The bag was somewhat similar to the ones he had on the cart. He did not go back to the company's yard because he was a,hamed of having been caught by the inspector.—A fine of ifs and costs was imposed. ARRESTED oN SIISPICION.—James Dailey was charged with being found in possession of a pair of stcckings; a singlet, lady's blouse and other articles of wearing apparel and being unable to give a satisfactory account of them.—P.S. Mellor, stationed at Padgate, said he met the prisoner in Manchester road, Woolston and noticed that his pockets were bulky. On being questioned prisoner said he had some bread in thep], but on witness searching the man he found the articles named In the charge. Prisoner stated that be had bought them.— Prisoner still adhered to the statement that he had bought the articles, Informing the Bench that he intended to make , neckties with the blouse. (Laughter).—He was remanded fora week, MISCELLANEOUS OFFENCES.—John McDermott was fined 5s for being in charge of a horse and not having any reins attactted to it at Rixton on March 27th.—Martin Higgin was fined a similar amount for a like offence.—Nicholas Worthington, John Murty, William Southern. Richard Williams, Nathan Darbyebire and Edward Rapsou were summoned for gambling in Fairciough-street. Burtonwoud on March 16th.—P.O. Gerrie having given evidence the magistrates tined Murty and Derbyshire (who made their appearance) is and costs, Rapson, Worthington and Southern (who had been before the Court once previously) 2s 6d and costs, and Williams (who made his sixth appearance)ss and costs; James Dowd and John Walsh were fined Zs 6d and costs for a similar offence ; Thomas Garry, Nathan.Darbyshire,William Worthington and Ernest Walker were also summoned for gambling at Burtonwood. Gravy who bad not been summoned before was fined Is and costs. Walker and Worthington were fined 2s 6d and costs, and Derbyshire 5s and costs—Samuel Rumble was summoned or obstructing the highway at Rixton on March 3rd by allowing a traction engine and two waggons to stand there from 6.30 to 12 p.m.—A fine of 10s and costs was inflicted.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIA- TION FOOTBALL LEAGUE.

Position of clubs up to March 31st 1902 : Goals Clubs Played Won Lost Dwn For Agst Pts .Burtonwood 2l 17 . 2 . 2.. 56 ...16 •..3r Warrington Trinity ...... l9 ...15 ... 2 ... a ... 41 ...12 ...32 Bewsey All Saints 2l ..13 .. 6 . 2 . 45 ...19 ...28 Latchford Britannia 18 11 . 5 . 2 . 40 ...14 ...24 Latchford 2l ... 9 ... 6 ... 6 ... 36 ...21 ...24 St. Austin's ..... l9 . 9 . 6 ... 4 ... 29 ...23 ...22 St. Mary'. 18 . 8 . 7 3 . 34 ...26 ...19 Frodsham Parish Church 21 ... 7 ...11 ... 3 ... 27 —Do ....a Stockton Heath l9 . 6 .12 1.. 28 ...ZS ...13 Richmonds A.F.0..... Runcorn Parish Church 2C ... 4 ...13 ... 3 ... 20 _4B ...11 Daresbury lB . 3 .12 3.. 22 14 . 9 •. Guardian," A.F.O. l9 . 3 ...5 . 1 . 15 ...69 ... 7 *Two points deducted for breach of rules.

Success of the Apollo Male Voice Choir. At the Bisteddlod held at Parr, St Helens, on Easter Monday, the Warrington Apollo Male Voico Choir competed and cariied off the first prize of twe guineas for their excellent rendering of " Comrades tong of lope," for which they were warmly ap- plauded. The choir, which comprises 20 members, was under the conductorship of Mr T Brough.—The judge (MrCadwyn Owen, of Liverpool), thus re- ferred to the successful choir:—" This choir was running a great risk in not having an accompanist, as there is always a tendency for a choir to go out of tune, but this choir kept the pitch, and there its great credit due to them. It had a perfect balance, beautiful blend of voices and pure tone. With regard to the piece the opening passages were most beautiful. The allegro movement was splendid,and from here to the finish it was a grand performance, and I haverfot the slightest hesitation in awarding l'l*o 2 the prize."—lt should be stated that at the mune competition, Mr Greenough, of Warrington, obtained the first prize for his singing of a tenor solo " Fairest maiden." The judge remarked that Mr Greenough's Was a splendid interpretation of the solo. Mr P Smith, a member of the Apollo Choir, obtained the first prize in the bass solo competition entitled " Mau of Sorrows." The judge said the selection was excellently given and Mr Smith possessed a splendid voice. Mr Nathan Cooke, alPo a member of the choir, obtained a prize in an im- promptu-speech competition. The Death Rate. According to the Registrar-General official re- turns the following table shows the rate of mortal- ity in 'Warrington and other Lancashire towns last week :

Death rate. Death rate. Stockport 22 0 Oldham ..... 169 St, Helens 2GO Burnley 259 Wigan 211 Blackburn 18.0 WARRINGTON . 170 Preston ..... 171 Bolton Bury - 180 Manehester 21.0 Bradford ...... 16.0 Salford _ 19 0 Boclidale .... 211 The average for toe 76 great towns was 18.2 per 1,0 0.

ran GLEN SPEY DISTILLERY. situate in the finest hisky-produeing District of Scotland, is tbo property of W and A 0-Ilbsy. This Whisky Is made entirely from Home-grown Baxley and is kept absolutely unblended in His Majesty's 13onded Warehouses ts mature,and sold by W and ailbeys agents in every town.at 31 Ed per bottle.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020404_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS. Mine Explosion Explosion Near Wigan.

Seven Men Killed.

On Wednesday night a very serious explosion took place at a sinking pit owned by the Gars wood Hall Colliery Company, and situate on the boundaries of Ashton-in-Makerfield and Golborne, near Wigan.

The pit, which is being sunk to the Arley mine at a depth of 450 yards, is 260 yards deep at present. Ten men, eight sinkers and two bricksetters, were at work at the bottom of the shaft, and at five minutes past eight there appears to have been a sudden outburst of gas from a feeder. This gas made its way :up the shaft and becoming ignited evidently at or near the surface led to a terrific explosion. The headgear, 40 feet in height, was literally blown down. A large area of staging, with the cabins thereon, was wrecked, one huge baulk of timber being blown 20 yards, whilst a smaller piece was hurled across a field to a distance of 100 yards. Windows and frames as well were blown out of the engine bouses,and the dynamo attendant was struck en the nose with a frame. THE SURVIVORS. The names of the survivors are : Robert Davis, 309, Potter's-row, Bolten-road, Ashton- in-Makerfield.

Patrick Stanton, Ten Houses, Bolton-road, Ashton-in- Makerfield.

Thomas Walden, 13ryn Gates, Bamfurlong. John Wall, 55, Bamford-street, Parr, St Helens. THE KILLED.

The names of the deceased are : Michael Tughey.l3s, Warrington-Icm], Abram. David Jones, 56, Heath-street, Golborne. John Griffiths, 19,Lily-street, Stubstiawcross, Asht on in-Mak erfield.

Carhuman, a Polish Jew. 5, Reservoir•street, Ashton- in-Makerfield, William Hurst, Ashton-in-Ilakerfield.

Thomas Gilbert, Astiton-in-Makerfield. These, with the man Taylor, of Warrington-road Abram, the browman, who was hurled off the stage and killed, make seven who have lost their lives. Nearly all are married men. As the dawn broke the scene around revealed the terrible force of the explosion. Huge lumps of timber, 14 inches square, of which the headgear was made, lie scattered over the adjoining field, partially splintered into matchwood, whilst the ironwork is bent and broken in amazing fashion.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR.

LATEST TELEGRAMS.

Sharp Fighting.

Queen's Bays Severely Engaged.

Four fficers Wounded.

The following despatch was issued from the War Office on Wednesday night From Lord Kitchener to the Secretary of State for War. _ _

Pretoria, 2nd April. 11.50 a.m. (9 a.m., 2nd April).— Colonel Lawley reports sharp fighting from Boschmsn's Kop.

On the evening of the 31st March he detached the 2nd Dragoon Guards to work ten miles to the eastward, intending to co-operate in the same direction on the follwing morning.

At dawn yesterday the 2nd Dragoon Guards succeeded in surprising a Boer laager, but the enemy, being strongly re-inbreed, held their ground, and after a severe engagement the 2nd Dragoon Guards had to fight a rearguard action to rejoin. Their main tody, which was advancing towards the firing, came iilto action and drove the enemy to the north-east.

Lairley reports Captains Herron and W Lieutenant Htll,2nd Dragoonpuards,and Major Vaughan 71h Hussars wounded.

Details of casualties will be reported separately.

The enemy's loss is reported severe. Six prisoners have been brought in.

Presentation to a Walton Volunteer. A smoking concert was beld at the Stag Hotel,Walton the other night, when Private John Beswick, who hss volunteered for active service in South Africa, was pre- sented with a marble timepiece, the gift of his fellow workmen ; a cigarette holder and half a pound of cigar- ettes, the gift of Mr Underhill, the landlord. Mr Massey, one of the first contingent of volunteers who went from Warrington to South Africa, took the chair, and songs were ably rendered by Messrs Gleave, Pemberton,Davies and others.

'ard and 1-vv.o-0-,16

===== 0002601_19020404_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Manx Volunteers Embark for Warrington.

A detachment of nine men of the Douglas Volunteer Corps (attached Co the Liverpool Regiment) left the Isle of Man on Tuesday morning for Warrington, where they will in a few days be drafted off on active service in South Africa. Daisy's the second detachment that has left the Isle of Man for the South Afrim war, and as on the previous occasion the departure of the men by the morning steamer was witnessed by largo crowds, who heartily cheered the men. The whole corps and band accompanied the men to the pier, where the scene was very enthusiastic. On Monday night the men going oat were entertained to dinner at the Grand Hotel by the officers of the corps. Letters were read from the Governor, Lord Henniker, regretting not being present. His Excellency spnt cardigan jackets for each man, who also received a pipe and Testament from the chaplain and woollen clothing from the officers. Captain Mac- kenzie was in the chair, and hearty good wishes were extended to the young fellows. The men entered Orford Barracks the same evening, and are now awaiting orders for their departure for the front. . -

A detachment, consisting of one sergeant, one bugler, and 24 rank and file, comprising representatives of the let, 2nd, 41%, 6th, and sth (Liverpool Scottish) Volun- teer Battalions of the gin's (Liverpool Regiment) arrived at the depot, Warrington, on Tuesday. The detachment was under the command of Lieutenant J Fisber, 4th Liverpool (V). Ansoog those present at the departure from the Central Station, Liverpool, were Colonel De Silva and Lieutenant Rosenheim. The detachment were joined at Warrington depot by 15 men of the 3rd Liverpool (V) from Southport.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
F 10DSHAM.

SlseSTgons Fns.—On Sunday, at Frodsbam, the boot shop and clog:gees shop belonging to Mr Hindley, and the tinsmith's shop belonging to Mr Rothwell were com- pletely dastroyed by fire. The occupants of the shops were away from home, and bow the fire originated is a mystery. When the fire was at its height an explosion occirred in Mr Rothwell's shop, blowing off the roof and throwing down the walls ef the Golden Lion Hotel. The damsge is estimated at £3,000.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

At Birkenhead Easter Eisteddfod on Monday, Miss Shaw Green, Warrington. was awarded the prize of 10s 6d in the handworked table centre competition.

STREET'S NEWSPAPER DIRECTORY, 1902, (30, Cornhill, London), is a handsome portly volume of some four hundred pages, well-bound in coloured cloth, with gilt lettering and illustration of " Lincoln's Inn, Old Gate- way, 1513" ; is idmirably printed on toned paper,with red borderinv,a. Its appearance, indeed, is such as too constitute it one of the most attractive features of an ordinary Newspaper office or general advertiser's library, while to the latter it will prove a constant and faithful ' vade mecum. There is presented with it one large man of England and Wales, with smaller sectional maps of Scotland and Ireland, all tastefully and artistically executed in light and agreeable colours. Names of the towns having one newspaper are printed in blue, those boasting two in red,and others glorying in three or more in green. The work has been carefully and successfully arranged with • view to the readiest means of reference, and contains complete lists of London newspapers, daily and weekly, and of magazines published monthly and quarterly. Class and trade papers have much space assigned to them, as have also the various religious papers and periodicals. There are two pages devoted to lists of provincial towns having more than 100,000 population,tolhose'with more than fifty but fewer than 100,000, and ts others with more than twenty but fewer than fifty thousand. The newspaper advertisements, with a copious index, appear in the latter part of the work.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19020404_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY APRIL 4, 1902

EASTER VESI RY MEETINGS. [Continued from Page S.] WARGRAVE CHURCH, EARLESTOWN. The annual vestry meeting was held in Wargrave Church on Tuesday evening, but there was only a poor attendance of the parishioners. The Rev J Carson pre- sided. The balance sheet which was submitted showed the total receipts to be £176 lie, and the expenditure £lB6 7e leaving a balance due to the wardens of £9 163. The Rector explained that the decrease in receipts was partly due to the absence of the congregation from the church during the time it was being renovated. Next year it was hoped they would have a different tale to tell. The expenditure for repairs would be nothing and they hoped to have a decreased gasibill by the new system of lighting. He was obliged to the congregation for the donation he received for providing for his absence from church. He thought it was good for the congregation and himself that he should have leave of absence. Be alluded at some length to the question of education,and regretted that the annual collections for the day schoels had fallen away very much indeed. He spoke with regret of the abolition of weekly fees st the day school, and said it would be the sorrow of his life that the people in that parish were prevented from sending their school fees as before. A new Bill was being introduced to Parlia- ment which he sincerely hoped would be passed as he , considered it would be of the greatest advantage t) the ! voluntary school. He should be very glad if the con- gregations could see their way to increasing their contributions Sunday by Sunday and also at the school sermons by giving handsomely. ! The accounte were adopted on the motion of Mr Smith seconded by Mr Fearns. ! The Rector nominated Mr Sweetlove as his warden for ' the ensuing year. Mr T Cave was re-elected people's warden. The following were appointed sidemen :—Messrs T Cave, R Molyneux, T Molyneux, ee Smith, G Sutton, W Hulson, W Wright, T Harrison, Joseph Williams and James Shepherd: The Rector said that last year they appointed Mr Aithur Jwbridge as sidesnzan. but he had been killed in the service of his cluntry on the previous Saturday evening. Mrs Owbridge had given a portrait of him and it would remain in the vestry. They were proud, althoughlthey were sorry that an office bearer had given his life to hie country. Messrs T Molyneux and W Thompson were appointed lay representatives to the kturi-diaconal cooferenze. A voluntary church rate of 2d in the £ was laid. All the salaried officers were appointed on the usual terms. It was recommended that a gratuity of £l5 be given the choir,and a vote of thanks was passed to them for their !services. .

.... . The accounts of the Dean Charity Trust were la:d on the table.

TiS was all the business. ST. JOEIN'S CURC, EIRLESTOWN.

The annual vestry meeting was held in the church vestry on Thursday evening. The Rev T It Matthews presided and there were present Rev J C Matthews, Dr Mouneey, Messrs Pimiett, Findlay, Clough, &e.—The statement of accounts showed the receipts for the year. including a balance of £ll 13 83, to be £252 63 9il,and the expenditure £231 is 10d, leaving a balAnce ot £2l 4311 d. Dr Mouneey was appointed Vicar's warden and Mr Pimblett parishioners' warden. The following were appointed sidesmen, Messrs Ryknee, Duncan, Jones, Clayton, Dean, Dalby, Dale, Clough, Boardman, Hem- ming, Hackett and Taylor.—A voluntary church rate of 2d in the pound was laid. The wardens were appoint- ed lay representatives to the diocesan conference. ST JOHN'S WALTON. The annual vestry meeting for the parish of St John's Walton, was held in the vestry on Monday morning, under the presidency of the Vicar, the Rev L J T Dar- wall. There were also present Messrs Cooper, Burgess. and Weir.—The Vicar stated that Sir Giloert Greenell had kindly consented to become his warden for the eighth time in succession. (Applause).-0a the motion ot Mr Cooper, Mr William Weir was re-elected people's warden.—The sidesmen, Messrs Burgess, Lockhart, Turner, Cooper, Kemp, and Basnett were re-elected.— The Vicar presented the financial statement, which showed an income of £152 193 81, and an expenditure of £147 93 2d, leaving a balance in hand of £5 103 6d. WARRINGTON. GIFT TO ST. CLEMEN VS MISSION.

At the annual vestry meeting in connection with St Mary's Church, Grassendalo, held on Tuesday evening, it was resolved,on the motion of the Vicar, to give the poor parish offertories for the year to St Clement's Mission,Warrington,which is connected with St Marys's Church, OWitlf: to the fact that the Rev A S Cameron, formerly curate of St Mary's, is in charge of the mission.

difficulty in completing it. When they had raised sufficient money to purchase the materials he did not see why they could not getiome of the men in the con- gregation to devote their efeninge and Saturday after- noons to building the wall. He (Mr Steel) could not lay bricks but he was quite willing to be a labourer and cart bricks in the evenings or on Saturday afternoons. Re moved that a small committee should be formed to deal with the matter. Mr Burdett seconded. _ . .

------ Mr Edgar rueved that the Vicar and churchwardens should have a consultation, and as soon as possible call a meeting of sidesmen and any other individuals whom they thought proper to call in, to thrash the matter out and form a sub-committee. He thought the work should be carried out by practical men, and done properly if it cost £2OO. .

After some discussion, Mr Edgar's preposition was agreed to, the Vicar intimating that Mr Steel's supges- tions with rtgard t.) the building would be considered.

THE VICAR THANKED. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the 'Vicar for presiding, on the proposition of Mr Steel, seconded by Mr J Heron, who thanked the meeting for the vote of condolence on the death of hig father. The meeting then concluded.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANN'S CHURCEI.

The annual vestry meeting was held on Tuesday even- ing, the Vicar (the Rev J Davies) in the chair. There were also present the Rev D Kerrin (curate) and Messrs Bretherton, Bunch, Armstrong, Daniels,Dykes, F Taylor, Woods and Thomas.—The Vicar appointed Mr Owen as his warden.—Mr Armstrong proposed, and Mr Bunch secoaded, that Mr Bretherton be re-elected parishioners' warden. The motion was carried.—Mr Bretherton briefly returned thanks.—On the proposition of Mr Taylor, seconded by Mr Daniels, the sidesmen were re- elected with the exception of Mr Baird, who has removed from the district.—lt was decided that Mr Daniels be appointed to fill the vacancy.—Mr Armstrong pro- posed that the lay representatives, Messrs F Taylor, and Quartermaster Taylor, be reappointed. —Mr Bretherton seconded and it was carried.— The communicants' meeting was then held.—Mr Brether- ton, the people's warden, presented the financial state- ment, which showed an income of £lO7 93 9id. The expenditure amounted to £lO6 183 sd.—The Vicar said that many of the special collections were less than last year, tut the private contributions on behalf of the incandescent light fund more than balanced the amount. As regarded the gas bill they had made. a large reduction Last year it was £lO lOs 8d and this year it was only £4 12s Id. That resulted in a great saving.—On the motion of Mr Bunch, seconded by Mr Taylor, the accounts were passed. Some discussion took place as to the amount for which the church should be insured,and it was decided to leave the matter over until a meeting of the Church Councii was held.—A vote of thanks to Mr Woods for his services as vestry clerk concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S CHURCH.

The annual vestry maeting in connection with this church was held on Wednesday evening,the Vicar (Rev B Percival) presiding over a good attendance.

ACCOUNTS.

The people's warden (Mr J Bamforth) presented the accounts. He said they commenced the year with a debit balance of £4 83 Okd. The total ameunt collected during the year was 5;172 153 6d and the expenditure totalled £l7O 163 2d, leaving a balance in band of £1 193 4d.

- Mr P Edgar moved that the accounts be passed. Mr T 8 Steel seconded and the motion was agreed to. THE VICAR'S THANKS.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
ME WORK OF THE COMING YEAR.

The Vicar ssid he wished to thank the churchwardens and other officers very sincerely for their kind help dur- ing the past year. He was sure that 113 parish had bitter workers than St Peter's. They were certainly a poor parish and needed men who wore in sympathy with the work and he was sure all the officers were in sympathy with it. He would also express his thanks to the choir for their very regular and systematic attend- ance, to the Sunday school teachers, and to all who bad assisted in any way. He felt very much encouraged by the advance of the NS ork in the parish and they had every reason to be thankful for the good congregations and the regular attendance of communicants. He also wished to thank the congregation for the Easter offer- ing, which, coming from so poor a parish, was in itself a testimonial to the appreciation of his ecrvices. In regard to the future he thought they ought to try and make some effort for the completion of the boundary wall of the church. The work he thought, would entail :an expenditure of not lees than £I6O. This year they would not require a sale of work for parish organizations and it mignt be possible to hold one far the purpose of raising the money required for the completion of the wall.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The Vicar said he had very much pleasure in asking Mr John Roberts to stand once more as his warden and in doing so he felt iae was voicing the feelings not only of that meeting but of all the congregation. On the proposition of Mr J Taylor, seconded by Mr P Green. Mr J Bamforth was unanimously re-elected people's warden. In returning thanks for the honour conferred upon him. Mr John Roberts said he had held the appointment of Vicar's warden ever since the church was conse- crated and had taken a great interest in its progress. " The congregation had steadily increased and they could now say without any exaggeration that the congregation was three cr four times as large as it was three or four years ago. This to a great extent was due to the fact that they had bad such gcod clergy. He hoped the Vicar would continue to enjoy good health for many years. He was a man whom thay had proved and they could rely upon him being true to his people, and 'at all times doing his beat for their interests. Continu- ing, Mr Roberts expressed the hope that the completion of the wall would soon be carried out, and in conclud- ing moved a vote of condolence with the widow and " family of the late Mr Joseph Heron, who was a sidesman 1 at the Church. Mr Bamforch also returned thanks and seconded the vote of condolence which was unanimously agreed to. The following sidesmen were appointed :—Messrs Stanley, J Taylor, J W Kay, J Cowdell, J Knight, J J Hands, J Taylor, W Armstrong, P Green, B Burdett, T 9 Steel and Lashford. .

Messrs Robert Heaton and Kay were re-appointed lay representatives,"and Mr Edgar was elected vestry clerk. Mr T S Steel was appointed auditor. THE BOUNDARY HALL-MR. STEEL'S NOVEL SUGGESTION.

Mr I' 9 Steel referred to the matter of the boundary wall and said he did not think they should have any

===== 0002601_19020404_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BUTCHERS' ASSOCIATION.

First Annual Dinner.

At the Fatten Arms Hotel, on Thursday evening, the members of the Warriugton Butchers' Association, cele- brated their first annual dinner. There was an excellent attendance, including delegates from several centres. Mr Albert Alynelcyne presided, and amongst those present were :—Mr C Pearson, of Sheffield, (president of the National Federation of Butchers), Mr Hill (Sheffield Association), Mr F Greer (president of the Liverpool District Association), Mr J Nish (Liverpool), Mr John Chadwick and Mr Fletcher (St Helens), Alder- , man Sutton, Couiacillcir James Evans, Councillor John Sampson, Messrs Joseph Knowles, John Mainwaring, B Shearer, with the following officials of the Warrington Association :—Mr G Bowcock (vice-president), Mr J Bowcock and Mr El Singleton (ex-presidents), Mr J Uns- worth (secretary), Mr F Lashtord (treasurer). Messrs F Connolly, S Cross, R C Shaw, R T Bridge, T Everall and T Rigby (committee). At the conclusion of an excellent repast, which had been excellently served under the superinteadeace of Miss Kiernan, a toast list was submitted. The loyal toasts were drunk with musical honours.

Mr SINGLETON then proposed the toast of the National Federation and kindred Associations,and coupled with it the name of Mr C Pearson, of Sheffield, president of the National Federation. He remarked that the local association considered itself highly honoured by being favoured with the presence ot Mr Pear+on at the first annual dinner. He hoped Me Pearson would be able to influence the members of the Association, and especially the young members to do the best they could for the organization. He had never known a time when there was more need for them to bind themselves together than the present. (Hear, hear). No doubt many of them had read in the papers a great deal about what was called the American Meat Trust and anyone going to the markets to purchase meat could see that the Americans had got the English butchers in a corner. The only way the butchers could defend themselves against this monopoly was through the influence of the National Federation of butchers. (Hear, hear.) They could not do it as ,individual associations but it could be done through the medium he hid stated. He believed the Federation would have to cake the matter up with a very strong hand. It was possible, he thought, for them to induce the Government to enable Canadian cattle to come; into this country free. It was a sarious matter for the butchers of Warrington and farmers who are feeders el cattle in the neighbourhood and the Government's attention ought to be called to the matter. (Hear, hear.) Mr Peensoer, in responding, congratulated the War- rington Association that they had 45 members out of 60 , butchers in the town. It was a very big percentage, and he hoped the time was not far distant when every member of the trade would be connected with the fine- elation. The Nationel Federation existed more particularly to assist associations. He was glad to ' hear that the local authority was acting in sympathy with the butchers, (Hear, hear). It was not so in every town, In Sheffield they bad a gleat difficulty on the subject of tuberculosie. He did not think any town suffered from that disease more than Sheffield. The evidence of butchers before the Royal Commis- Mon which eat on the subject showed that the butchers were alive to their own interest and through the influence of the Federation steps had been Won by the Government to try and avoid in some measure the great seizures of tuberculosis cattle. The Federation maintained that if confiscation was to take place of what appeared healthy cattle when they were bought, the butchers were entitled to com- pensation for them. (Hear, hear.) He was now refer- ring to animals that zoat over £lO. 'They did not ask i for compensatien for animals that cost less than that sum. He well remembered the sensation that was caused at the meeting in Leocton when Dr Koch announced that consumption was not communicable from animals Co man. Butchers had never imagined it was so, but when Professor Koch made that statement it caused such a sensation as he had never known in his life. Medical scientists had to receive sentiments of that sort with a certain amount of reserve. He (the speaker) honoured the medical profession because they had an object in view and that was tha protection of the health of the public. The butchers tried to act with them and not against them. He could state many cases where injury had been done to butchers by the seizure of :cattle. lie had known a butcher who had bought a beast which represented the whole of his capital, and then found it condemned on the ground that it was suffer ,n 1 from tuberculosis. They were all hoping that the statements made by Pro- fessor Koch would prove to be true. This injustice of confiscation—this legisliaed robbery—was one of those things butchers did not intend to submit to any longer than they could possibly help. He was glad Mr Singleton had raised the question of foreign cattle. At the present time they were suffering from a lack of foreign cattle. The United States were sending to this country just their surplus supplies in order to keep the price up in tbe States and to enable them to dictate the prices to be paid bete. He was at one with Mr Singleton that they must use their influence to get the embargo on Canadian stores removed. The farmers at the present time had 3 diffi- culty in buying their stores at is reasonable fieure and if the embargo were removed it would be a benefit to the farmer, and a benefit to the butcher, and anything that was a benefit to the butcher was a bene- fit to the public. The Federation. bad the matter in hand and he hoped their efforts would be satisfactory. He believed that if the Government could be induced to allow South American cattle to COM into this country, which was a great necessity, the American people would be more amenable to reason. He proceeded to refer to the importance of butchers using their influence at election times for those candi- dates who would help them and also of obtaining repre- sentation on the Borough Council. In cencluiion Mr Pearson referred to the great losses sustained by butchers in the sale of hides owing te the destructiveness of the warble fly. He complained that this loss was due to carelessness on the part of farmers who could easily prevent the injury to the hides by a little care. The loss to butchers was equsl to 5s a hide, and the loss to farmers was a great deal more. He con- gratulated the Warrington Association on its vitality, and said he was not only pleased to see Mr Shaw, who he was told was the oldest butcher in the trade, tailing an interest in the association, but also such a number of young members. (Hear, bear)

Councillor Bennett and the Late Mr. Rhodes. —Meeting of Conservatives. On Saturday an executive Committee meeting of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation was held in the Manchester Conservative Club. Representa- tives were present from Liverpool, Wigan, Mossley, Newton Heath, Heywood, Altrincham, Warrington. Wigan (St. Andrew's), West Salford, Pendleton, Manchester, and the secretary:(Mr F W Deacon).— Councillor A Bennett, of Warrington, presided. In opening the proceedings he said all of that com- mittee he felt sure, had heard with deep regret of the death of Mr Cecil Rhodes. The Empire had lost one of its noblest sons' and it was difficult to ex- aggerate the services he had rendered.. He moved that a sincere expression of sympathy should go forth from that Federation. Other members hav- ing spoken in similar terms, it was resolved that the same be entered upon the minutes.— Mr E Bentham (secretary Wigan Operative Con. servative Association),moved : "That this executive, whilst accepting the principle of registration ot clubs contained in the proposed licensing Bill as a legitimate source of revenue, enters its emphatic protest against any right of interference, or inspec- tion by the police, with such clubs when registered. It further resents the proposed exorbitant fines and insulting pmalizing clauses of the said Bill as uncalled for and unjust." Mr Ferneley seconded, and Mr F W Deacon supported the resolution which was carried by a large majority. After consider- able discussion on the subject of education pro- posals, the following resolution was unanimously passed: —"That this meeting views with favour the endeavour of the Government to place the educa- tion of the country on a broad and national basis, approves of its general provisions, but considers the permissive clauses contained therein will largely defeat the end in view, and if acted upon completely nullify the main objects of the Bill." PUBLIC! BRNETIT UNDBR THE CLOCK NOR B sal BOOTS ZN LABIA SHIEB.—Adyt

‘174.11.8D cOoK-48NHIRAL. at once ; email family who can warh and irou.—Mni. TricatscS, 23, Kan- ohoster-road, Southport.

WANTBD good Steady GHSBRAL SHIEVANT, reference required—Apply ElRS.Hutme,Raftway Inn,Tyldeeley.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

P.S.A. The usual weekly meeting of the Earlestown and District P.S.A. Society took place on Sunday after- noon in the Co-operative Hall. Mr Jackson pre- sided, and the principal speaker was Mr Walker. Vocal items were given by Miss M Stronach, and recitations by Mr W Morris. Miss Williamson officiated as accompanist

===== 0002601_19020404_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO MRS. CARS)N.

On Thursday morning- an accident which might have had serious results happened to .ire Canon, wife of the Rector of Newton. She was crossing the road under Wargrave bridge when she was knocked down by a greengrocer's cart.lt was feared that she was badly injured, but after being removed to the rectory and attended by Dr Valen- tine, it was found that beyond the shock and a few bruises she was not seriously hurt. Mrs Carson is now in a fair way to recovery.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLE(3rED SERIOUS . OFFENCE AT HAYDOCK.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Wednes- day afternoon, before Mr John White, John Nor- bury, a collier living at Haydock, was charged with an attempted rape on Martha Webster, aged seventeen at Haydock, on March 16th.—Mr J W Knowles prosecuted and prisoner was represented by MrH,L Riley,of St.Helens— Evidence having been Riven by the complainant. her mother, her married sister, and Joseph Griffiths, the hearing was ad- journed until Monday.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLEST.IWN WESLEYAN MEN'S BIBLE CLASS.

The annual picnic in connection with the above class took place on Easter Monday to Colwyn Bay. The party, numbering about 50, left Earlestown in two saloons at 7 13,and reached Colwyn Bay in due course; Their headquarters were made at Moon's Restaurant, where everything possible was done for their comfort. The weather was very fine and a most enjoyable evening was.spent on the beach and in the woods, which were just beginning to put on their spring raiment. On the return journey about an hour and a half was spent in Chester, an oppor- tunity being given for a ramble round the ancient city. The arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by Mr D Pickett.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EASTER HOLIDAYS AT EARLESTOWN.

Most of the works having closed on Thursday night last until Tuesday morning, there was a large exodus of people to the various holiday resorts, the majority being those who could avail themselves of the privilege of quarter fare. Considering the early period of the year on which Easter has fallen, the weather was not at all bad, and those who remained at home were able to enjoy a walk into the country. Special services were held in most of the churches and the chapels, and at St. John's Church there was a celebration of Holy Communion after the morning service, a large number of wor- shippers being prPsent.—On Good Friday afternoon the Earlestown football ground was crowded, the occasion being a League encounter between Earles- town and Rochdale Town, in which the home team were victorious by the handsome majority of 6 goals to nil. The Earlestown Band was present, and after the match played for dancing.—On Mon- day the morning opened dull, and continued so throughout the day, but at night rain began to fall, making it most unpleasant for holiday makers.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
EISTEDDFOD AT ASTON.

The annual eisteddfod in aid of the Welsh Wes- leyan Church at Ashton, was held in the Congrega- tional Schoolroom at Ashton on Good Friday. There were ab3ut 120 competitors at the afternoon and evening meetings. Both gatherings were largely attended, Dr Winstanley presiding in the afternoon and Mr Sam Woods in the evening. The Rev J Wesley-Hughes, of Chester, ufficiated as con- ductor. The adjudicators were tile Rev D 0 Jones, the Rev W 0 Evans, Mr WA. Gilbv, Mesdames Lati- mer and W Lithaca, Messrs W Aspinall and R Latham acted as accompanists. The following are the prize winner., :—Afternoon : Piano- forte solo, Miss B Jones Myrtle-streets,Giverpool ; vocal solo (girls under 17 years of age), Miss Mary Davies, Golborne-road, Ashton; Welsh recitation. Mr Evan Thomas, Liverpool; translation, Wm. Pearce, Earlestown ; baritone solo, M.. Wm Roberts, Bolton-road, Ashton-in-Makerfield ; quartette, Mr F Edwards and party, Ashton-in-Makerfleld ; reci- tation for children, divided between Miss Maggie Watkins and Miss Eleanor William, both of Hades- town; children's choir competition, Little Britons. Ashton-in-Makerfield ; eseay, "Life of Moses," Mr Albert McDonald. Evening: Tenor solo, Mr F Edwards; stockings, Mrs Rees, Earlestown : anti- macassar, Mrs Jane Hughes, Tyldesley : soprano solo, Miss S E Watkins.Earlestown ; recitation, Miss Lizzie Lloyd, Manchester ; duet, Messrs John Powell anl Tom Winnard, Wigan; essay, " The Life of St Paul," Mr Thomas Macdonald,'of Ashton-in- Makerfield ; poetry on " The late President McKmley," Mr Glyn Roberts ; Male Voice Choir, Wigan Harmonic. The proceedings terminated with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE NAY AT

E ARLESTOwN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT]

The Easter holiday, although it has fallen so early this year, was entered into with the greatest zest so tar as Earlestown and Newton were concerned. There was a large exodus of people to various parts of the country, and there was a fairly numerous influx to tbe town. The weather on Good Friday was very fine, and the match on the Earlestown football ground was the means of attracting a good crowd, an additional attraction being the presence of 'the Earlestown Band, which after the match played for dancing. On Saturday and Monday there were no attractions in the town, and conse- quently many people made journeys to Manche,- ter and Liverpool (tor New Brighton.)

-- Unfortunately the holidays did not pass over without an 6Vent which ,does relouni to the credit of the town, or its residents. A drunken brawl occurred in a portion of the town not notable for its respectability, as a result of which one of the disturbers of the peace was stabbed. The police were quickly on the scene, and the tasile of the police court was the sequel.

The unfortunate explosion which happened the other side of Ashton, on Wednesday , night, caused much alarm in Earlestown and Newton. The noise was distinctly heard, and the shock was telt all over the district. Many thought it was an earth- quake shock, but those accustomed to mining operations soon arrived at a solution and within the space of an hour it was known at Earlestown that an explosion had occurred, but the extent of the disaster was not fully known.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH AFRICA.

With the better tone in the market there have been some buyers of "Little Kaffirs." One of the cheapest of these is North Sheba, which at about 2s 6d to 35 for the £1 fully-paid share is a good speculation for a sharp rise. 1113 mine is well known, being in the Barberton district on what is believed to be the same line of reof as the famous Sheba property, and moreover so much development work has been dbne on the North-Sheba that to a great extent the property has been proved. The company holds some ninety claims, and enough ore has been already opened up. it is said, to keep a twenty stamp battery supplied for three years. An encourag- ing feature is that at depth the reef has widened out, extending over some 15 feet at the 300 foot level. Sam- ples taken right over the width of the reef have been certified by Johnson, Matthey and Company to give an average value of 1i or, as against this may be set the belief that an'average yield of 5 dwt, could be made to pay, therefore the shares are likely to prove an excellent pu,chase. " Money."

===== 0002601_19020404_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKP 00L. APAHTMHNTS, near Manchester Hotel Piano. Accommodation for eyclists.—Mrs HowcnorT and Mies KNowLEs Omni Hyde), 18, Lonsdale-road.

IArANTRD at once superior GBAHRAL. Good home, Wash, Cook, good wages. References required.— WARING, Hope House, Brinsoall, Chorle y,

===== 0002601_19020404_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
UGS from good Buff Leghorn, 28 6d. per sitting.— kJ SHEPHERD, newsagent, Wardle, Rochdale.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
VVANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT; plain cooking.— Write or apply, Mr. 811101 P, 17 New Market-at Wigan.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

Readers will observe that the Runcorn Co-opera- tive Society has sent a letter, which appears in another column, indignantly repudiating the insin- uation that they intended to run candidates until they secured a majority on the Urban Co uncil. It is, of course,quite evident that it would take years to bring such a scheme to full fruition, for the ordinary man in the street treated the rumour as the canard it wag. Thera are, however, a 'few shal- low paced individuals who actually believed that the So2iety had really formulated such an idea. And to such individuals the letter will come as a severe rebuke.

Beyond the discussion which arose on the pro- pOsed taking over by the Council of the Cottage Hospital there was but little business to be done. Mr Posnett was well advised to refer his resolution to a committee for, to say the least of it, the taking over of the hospital at the present stage would have been decidedly premature. Before the Coun- cil assume responsibility it should be clear that no unnecessary expense is to be incurred. While the town would probably subscribe yearly a handsome donation to such a worthy object, it is rather a questionable step to ask the Council to assume financial responsibility so long as there is an amount of uncertainty about the undertaking. Mr Posnett took a businesslike step in accepting the suggestion of Messrs Wiswall and Handley.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Football on Good Friday was at a discount at Runcorn. The rival clubs Runcorn and Widnes always produce keen interest when honours are to be fought for, and an exceptionally large crowd visited Irwell-lane in ant cipation ot a good game. But the sightseers were woefully disappointed. Both clubs had special engagements on the Satur- day, and could not afford to play their first team men. Thus it was practically a match between the se3ond teams. The Chemicals won and won fairly. They were superior in every department, and the Linnets were lucky to get off as lightly as they did. Still it was not a proper first class match, and is by no means a criterion of the strength of the respec- tive clubs.

The cup will not this season find a resting place in Runcorn. The locals lost by a point at Castle- ford, which is hard luck indeed and the least said about the game is the best. It has been asserted that the match was lost entirely through Sam Houghton's faulty play. If this be correct it is hardly fair to censure him as severely as there is a tendency to do in certain quarters. Even a Hough- ton or a Jolley cannot always be in form and we should look at the veteran's past brilliant successes when he has pulled the game out of the fire rather than think of him harshly because, for once, he has not played Eo well as he might have done.

The Saintly Saints visited the Runcorn enclosure on Monday and went home wiser and, let us hope, better men. They were thoroughly outclassed in every department, though, at times, their forwards played a grand game. Roe,lly there seemed to be very little interest in the march from the players as well 89 the spectators point of view. The drubbing at Castle Ford has taken all the earnestness out of foot`sallers in Runcorn for a time.

The "Athletic News " has the following inter- esting paragraph respecting one of our foremost football officials .—Hr John Ellison,secretary to the Runcorn F. 0., unlike most club officials, has never donned a jersey, but he has ever been a devoted a imirer of the game. Nearly 20 years since he was an enthusiastic follower of Runcorn Club, 16 year; ago he was made assistant secretary to the late Mr E Lanzshaw, whom he succeeded in 1898. fie is an energetic, painstaking, able official, who pos- sesses the confidence of both committee and play era, and represents the club on the Northern League. Mr Ellison is also secretary to the South- West Lancashire Competition.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
REMARKABLE STORY FROM WIDNES.

Alleged Extraordinary .Robbery.

0 t WedaesAsy a strange robbery is supposed to have occurred in Widnes, the victim being a woman named Thompson living in Dicksou-stvet. A man who had a confederate in the vicinity, visited the house, presum- ably under the guise of a pilot igrapher. After asking the woman if she oared to have a photograph taken, she ;cos asked if her hu,band would like his taken. Mrs Thompson told the man that be was working, that she had no lodgers, and the children were out playing, whereupsn he went inside the house, followed by the accomplice and demanded money. It is also alleged that they used violent threats and tied her to the mangle. After receiving a sum of money, supposed to be large, Caey decamped. g Superintendent Keightley and Inspector Strickland visited the house, but are reticent in giving any particu- lars before the C 489 is investigated. Tho affair has caused a sensation in the neighbour- hood where the victimised woman lives.

Our correspondent, upon making further inquiries has gleaned a few more important facto. The man,after the refusal by the woman to be photographed, asked for a drink of water. She went to get this, and, when half-way up the lobby, on turning round, saw the man follow her. He produced a revolver and threatentd her if she made a noise. The woman was at once ragged and tied to the mangle* After this process he went to the back doer sad called in his ix,ate, who was likewise arm•d. They used further threats, and one of them, taking the wick out of the lamp, placed it near her clothes, which became ignited. Both men, it is said, possessed dark lanterns. About £BO t 3 £lOO is supposed to have been stolen.

A Warrington Footballer's Sad Death. Mr Cecil Holden, coroner for Birkenhead, presi- ded on Wednesday over an inquest regarding the death of Sidney Barnes, a private in C Company, South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Orford Barracks, Warrington. Barnes, who was twenty- three years of age, and belonged to Operishaav, Man- chester, was a member of the Association Football Club connected with the barracks. On the after- noon :of Easter Monday he played with that team against the Earlestown Thursday Football Club in a Liverpool District Thursday League match, on the ground at Fronton Park, Birkenhead, and during the game be collided with the opposing goalkeeper's knee. lie received internal injuries, and Dr Leask, who was called to the ground to attend the injured man, directed his removal in the horse ambulance to the Borough Hospital. There he died on Wed- nesday morning. Atte; taking formal evidence of identification the Coroner adjourned the inquiry to Thursday. 30,000 BLIND PHOPLII have had their sight restored by MELLOR, 168, Oxford-street Manchester. The most successful Bye Specialist in Bngland. He has cured after Hospitals. Doctors, and Oculists have failed Book post free on men ;Toning this paper.—Advt. Local Postal Establishments.

From the Revenue Departments estimates, just issued, for the year commencing the Ist inst and ending the 31st March, 1903, we collect the following relating to the postal dis- trict establishments in the neighbourhood : Warrington.—This establishment consisted of 47 sub-offices, the postmaster to receive £450, chief clerk £lOO to ..£230, assistant superintendent £l5O to £l7O, four clerks, £l2O to £l5O, inspector of postmen £llO to £l4O, twenty-eight male sorting- clerks, &c , to 445, seven female to 30s, three learners, four telephone operators to 20, forty-eight town postmen to 265, fourteen rural to 203 and 245, nine sub-office to 225, and two fixed wage. St Helens. —This establishment consisted of 21 sub- offices, the postmaster to receive £325, chief clerk .e 163 to £2OO, inspector of pottmen £9O to £l2O, twelve male sorting-clerks, Stc, to £4O, four female to 284, three learners, three female telephone operators to 203. twenty-three town postmen to 265, six rural to 245, two sub-office to 225, and two fixed wages 12s to 20s. Widnes.—This establishment consisted of nine sub- offices, the postmaster t 6 receive £214, four mule sorting clerks, Ste., to 36% three female to 275. two learners, two telephone operators to 204, nine town postmen to 245, and three rural to 225; rent of office £lO5.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTERTIDE AT rtYNCOR N.

The Easter holidays hav-e-bee—n-o-b-s;Wed at Run- corn in much the same fashion as in previous years, On Good Friday morning all the places of worship held special fiery ices which were well attended. The weather being oF a very promising character,in spite of a dull morning, many journeyed out of town, cycli.ts heincr especially numerous. Raster Monday found the town all but deserted, everybody apparently taking advantage of the fine weather to journey to "fields and pastures new.' Numbers went to Overton hills and still larger numbers to Liverpool and popular summer resorts. On the whole the holidays have been utilised by everyone to their fullest extent.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
En claOs Mb.

pA.TOHWORIC.—SiIks, Prints,Plushes, Velvets,' Tspestrli ls 3d per parcel. Post Pald.—Ross, 24 Hor ton road. Hackney London.

Pl 4 MEAL, full of wheat, 6s 6d per 200145. Rough Fow Corn, 8s per 2001bs, Free on rails in Liverpool.—; bi CONNELL, Sun-street. off Crown—street, Liverpool.

50 GOOD DOMBSTIC SBRVANTB Wanted at once public and private; excellent wages given.—Apply REGISTRY, 87, Olaurch-gtreet, Blackpool.

WANIBD, experienced GIiNBRAL, for doctor's house two in family ; good refermces required.—MrsMisc.- NAIL Kinloch, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

WANT HD HOUeIEMAID WAITRBSS for Ladies' School, good wages to competent person.—Apply to MRS Bvaws, 23, Westcliffe-road, Birkdale, Southport.

WANTED a (111/MAI, 17 to 24; family two; plain cook- ing and washing; good home; £l2 to £l4,—Mre GHEETICAM, 38, flawarden-avenue, Liseard, Cheshire.

WANTHD, GkINHHAL 611tWANI... active, oneerfu Young Woman; must have good referenee ; wage £lB.-2, WILTON-TERRLCH, Bent-lane, Heaton-park, Man, chester.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
TORQUAY.—Comfortable Furnish,d aPARTNIHNTS 1 terms moderate; piano.—Mrs NOSWORTHY, B,Florenee- terrace, Warren-road.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED APPRENTICES to the Dressmaking; good class trade —Apply II WARBURTON, 82, Buttermarket- street, Warrington.

WANTED, Two CLERKS. aged about 20 for Tramway, Office.—Apply by letter only, to BOROUGH TREASURER, Warrington:

WHITE LIINGSHANS, 5s per Bitting; unfertiles re- placed.--JAMES SEED, 16, Cleveland-road, Lytham.

-DUTCHHit'S SHOP TO BR LEI; cheap if taken at once.— Apply 223, WELLIN6ToN-eT., Bradford. Manchester.

WANTIID good 15113NBRILL SERVANT.IB to 25,three in family ; good wages.—Apply, 9. CRESCENT-ROAD. Birkdale, Southport.

WANTED, a SERVANT from 18 to 25, wih t good char- acter, for small tamll7.—Airs Dooownt, 44,Clarendon road, Whalley flange, Manchester.

UTANTIM at once, an Experienced Ulttj. 1.! SKILVALIT ; able to wash and cook ; small family.— Mrs HOWE, 13. Park View, Wigan.

WANTED at once empetent HOUSEMAID, must have good references, good wages given.—Write or apply Mrs ELLIDGE, Holrusdale. Urmston.

VVANTSD Respectable GIRL to assist with housework. comfortable home, 3s 6d weekly, not out before taken —34 DOROTHY-STREET, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

VVANTED Respectable General SERVANT at once, one able to do plain cooking —Apply Mrs MEDCALF, Daisy Bank, Bold-lane Aughton. near Ormakirk.

WANTED, a Good GENERAL, age about 20; a good reference required; good wages to a suitable person. Address Miss TwomcsoN,24, Trafalgar-rd,Birkdale,Soutiaport

A LL CLASSES of SERVANTS ready from country and 1. town, public and priyate.—Ladles should call or write to HARRISON'S. 6, Oldham-street, Manchester, Estth, 1862.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
COOKS WAISTHD from £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses En to £92. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls RR, excellent places; small •amilies.—Write to HARRISON'S, 6, Oldham- street, Manchester.

WANTED. a supply of MILK, 30 or 40 gallons, dally,for 12 months ; give price, &a. ; good references given.— Address, J BLUNDELL, 23, Kemble-street, Prescot.

WANTED, a smart LAD. 13 or ^vet% who has finished school ; wages 4s 6d a week to start.— Apply BLACK- BURN, Earl-street Dairy, 244. Earle-street. Barlestown.

===== 0002601_19020404_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
did

===== 0002601_19020404_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joins Warman do Co. at 214:Examiner General Printing Works,': Bewsey- street, and published, by them at the same place and also at The Examiner Office Victoria.road,WinskS, 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3,4 Market-street HABLESTowx, in the County of Lancaster andalso at HI g 1 St. Rugnosn,in the County 01 (better. APRIL. 4 1902.

===== 0002601_19020404_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BO LD- STREET WESLEYAN CHUB,CH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY-) APRIL 6TH. At 10.30 Rev. 0. H. HOOKER. At 6.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. All welcome. Hymn books provided. TRE SOCIALIST AND LABOUR MOVEMENT IN HOLLAND," LECTURE BY J. 0. VAN DER VEER, ON MONDAY NEXT. •T 7.45 P.M.IN THE DRUIDS HALL. WARRINGTON. ADMISSION 3n.

• ri kIARTONS FOR SUCCESSFUL CROPS OF GRASSES AND CLOVERS SEE OUR ILLUSTRATED DESCRIPTIVE PRICED CATALOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION GARTONS SEED EXPERTS AND GROWERS, WARRINGTON. •

RUNC OR N URBAN DISTRIa COUNCIL ELECTION. To THE ELECTORS OF THE MERSEY WARD, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, 13.! greatly appreciate tke honour conferred upon me In 'ta? elected one of your representatives. a •d„,,, eine, riv ely hoe that by a etrict attention to the several ~.‘',"es of the office. I may merit a continuance of your 'kued confidence and support. II Yours faithfully. J. J. bHW, secretary. uncorn Cooperative Industrial and Provident Society d CAMDEN WESL EY AN SUNDAY SCHOOL RUNCORN. THE ANNIVERSARY SERVI CES. WILL BE MELD ON APRIL 6TH AND 7TH, WaliN THREE SERMONS WILL, BE PREACHED IN ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHURCH, BY THE REV. ROBERT CULLEY, OF LONDON, General Secretary to the Wesleyan Methodist Sunday echool Union. ,The Services will commence on Sunda Morning at 10.30.; 4ventrig. 6 o'cloen ; Monday Evening, 7.15. Special Music will b 3 rendered by the Choir and Scholars Collections in aid of the Sunday School Fund at each Service.

114-DEG PARDON, EXCUSE ME, BUT WHERE DID-," " OH, YES I ORNAMENTAL HAIR SPECIALIST, T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. "THANK YOH."

TliE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, DitiniCiDal 015305. Warrington.

BRING YOUR FEET To 5, LONDON-ROAD, Liverpool, and put them inside pair of ARTHUR EVANS' 6s, 613., Bs. 6D.. or TVS ELVII 808 BOOTS. BRANCHES THROUGHOUT LIVERPOOL.

THE SOLDIERS AND SAILORS' FAMILIES ASSOCIATION. WARRINGTON DIVISION. A GRAND MILITARY BALL. (UNDER DISTINGUISHED P•TRONAGE). kl AID OF THE FUNDS OF TUE ABOVE DIVISION TO BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL. TUESDAY NEXT, APRIL BTH. Ticket BAND. OS 103 63. to be obtained of Mr Peroival Pearse. keener, Sankey-street ; Mr Johnson, Bridge-street ; and air George Milan, Mon. Sec., Latchford. It tlekets. is requested that early appliaatiol be made for e DANCE FOR NON-COMMISSIONED Will OFFICERS AND MEN. be held at the PARE HALL on the following night, I'VNESDAY NEXT, APRIL 9th, dancing 8.30 to 120. azanC/CRTS 23 each, to be obtained at the DRILL HALL x3,"'RPORD BARRACKS. t eeds Will be given to the funds of the above associa VV ARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.- 81'Rei SUMMER TERM. Life AL ARRANGEMENTS a—Still Life, Painting from "ondcarving, Plant drawing, Design and Colouring inA)aratory) Inking•in and Colouring (Machine and Build- Vonstruetion), Shorthand, French, Dressmaking. 150,'°r Particulars see leaflet to be had at the Museum or °°l of Art.

SPLENDID Asqortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. bd. (to measu re) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO. LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

‘ZERGE JACKETS SERGE JACKETS Li livery workman should have out of HAG,UH'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable ; tra, them.-65, BYROM-BTREET. LiVerpool.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION WITH GAS, 2s 6D, A COMPLETE SET OF TEETH, 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OvER MYNEKYNE'S). H. W. GRIFFIN, MANAGER.

CHARLES MaDELEY, Secretary. ANCASIIIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—PRINCIP OF AGRICULTURE. Th of a e L ancashire County Council requ're the services qu ,Reotleman whose scientific and practical experience 134tliaes him to lecture on agricultural science; to carry tee,lagriCultural experiments ; and generally to superm- ri agricultural education throughout the County. Co, will will be £550 per annum, and the County Will in addition pay all prover travelling ex- Derie3 and other neeessary disbursements for the due Th°„',,rnance at the duties of the office. tye ',reineipal of Agriculture will be required to devote „Zrie of his time to the duties of his office, and not ardruert.ite Any other employment, and will be sub- -111,1:t6 to the Director of Education for the County. tletic„"Racement to be terminable by three mooch s' Ann`,94 either side. test7enostions accompanled by not more than four th 10oials must be rent addressed to " The Clerk of b e Comity Council." Comity Offices, Preston, on or ,ef ore the 28th day of April. and marked .6 Principal of 4eticulturc." HARCOURT E. CLARE, Clerk of the County Council. ~0 Qty Offices,Preston, 2nd April, 1902.

. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATEREROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 64. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ADVERTISE YOUR BUSINESS BY THE LATEST AND moßr UP-TO-DATE METHOD. CONSULT THE NATIONAL ENGRAVING CO., EXPERT ILLUSTRATORS AND ADVERTISING SPECIALISTS. HALF-TONE, WOOD ENGRAVING, LINE, AND ELECTROTYPING. KNOLLS WORKS, 266 BURY NEW ROAD, MANCHESTER.

NOTICE IS PEREBY GIVEN that the next . GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace CO/mthe COUNTY OF CHESTER will be held at the , HOUSE. KNUTSFORD. in and for the said ti:t4t3, on MONDAY, the 7th day of APRIL next, at 0 clock in the forenoon, when the Grand Jury "4 0e ernpanoriled. ofTBhe hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds Icitiow, Macclesfield, and Northwicb, forming the 140tsf0rd district, and the trials of all prisoners corn- t,e horn such Hundreds, will take place at such pri.‘ns. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Routs- -istriet must be in attendance at the Court House, thnetl7ttiford, it the opening of the Court on MONDAY, 3(3 daY of APRIL Next, at Eleven o'clock in the CfitL,r—,OHßT will he Adjourned to the CASTLE OF 44 hext:' R. on WEDNESDAY, the 9th day of APRIL ef all at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing Xciditti)Psals arisidg within the Hundreds of Broxton, bistriY. Nautwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester the and tbh trials of all'prismiers committed from . Adjo:B'-naentioned Hundreds will take place it such the 61,14 d Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for of ~e'eeter District must be in attendance at the Castle Dainester. at the opening of the Court on WEDNES- • tpe 1, the 9th day of APRIL next, at Eleven o'clock in ..oreoooo. REGINALD I'OTTS, Che Cleric of the Peace for the County of Chester. 17th march, 1902.

- T. ‘..)LARICI3, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINER" OFFIDE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY GOODS, PURSES. ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES. gn to the above address. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYA.N GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

etHARLES WOLF'S GWINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS fDOZ SUPHRIOR BLED- TEO PLATED TEA-SPOONS given with °Leh ring. Engage- ment rings a speciality. Waltham. Elgin and Waterbury Watches. Repairs of every description promptly done with the greatest skill and attention. CHARLES WOLF HOLESALII JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH. 10, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

STAtt LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. \' LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK vie ' TOfer Queenstown. -alitt -50 Wed., April 9 MAJESTIC Wed., April 23 p %a ...... Sat., April 12 CELTIC Tht lei° April 16f GERMANIC Wed., April 30 e. 13,1, NI Class pastange at low rates including Outfit free of Re t° t to NSW York. Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. DIY e, jrrira.e. holm and Co.. Liverpool, 17 Cookepur and 34, LeaSenball Street. London. MO.. I IN- G---7.1" ONG TOUSN AMEZ 04 THE PAVE HALL, 'ATURDAY, APRIL STE. COMMENCING IT 2.30 P PROcEEDS To HE GIVEN To THE Y.M.C.A. 'RMI COMPETITIONS, CONSISTING OF ;- 1. LADIEi' COMPETITION (10 MILE RADIUS), It Prize £l2. ; Second Prize £1 Is. Entrance Fee Es 6d. 2. G COMPETITION (10 MILE RADIUS). qt Prize £2 Es ; Second Prize £1 is. Entrance Fee 25 6d; ti 3. JUVENILE COMPETITION (16 or under), elit prize 105 ; s !lmend Prize ss. Entrance fee, Is. ot sufficient entries). , RETRIES CLOSE WEDNESDAY. APRIL END. e°A'rilEE WINNE:RS may select any Article to full Value any Warrington Tradesman. .4ORS OF ADMISSION Reserved Seats on Platform. Reserved Seats in Body of Hall, Is 6d ; reserved gallery Pei tlltek of Hall and Beak Gallery, 6d, Day Tickets at iLeeti rates. E",„TRY FORMS and TICR RelTd3Smtraeye:7 bihrlifrP°On2D—MMOeß"Ers, %sof ARSON, Limited, B 4e5 lace: GARLAND, Bridae Street, or from PHILIP C. GARNETT (Secretary) . 16. Bold-street. Warrington; G, H. SHAN (Treasurer), c/o Dutton and Bean. Market St. Warrington ATII/6"lfurther particulars may obtained. BOW AND CASES. gI."bOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. Nllll Gs O( the Finest Quality. 4111ISTIC Repairing in all it branches. JOAN BYROM. 'TICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. 57, (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), -'III3IRA.W.ST FLEET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL. W'.II,INGTON UNION.—FEMALF. COOK.— GUARDIANS :'•1 PARDIANS REQUIRE a COMPETtIiNT "414 °r"e Oincial Staff at the Unto 1 Workhouse, which krth "aY " erkges 24. Salary. £2O per annum, with a Re(nuatie. °wance to cover the C3lltribuLlon under the Super- . Aupt„-n Aet, with apartments, rations, uniform, etc. Personally or by letter at once, stating age, present -'4•Tiintit,,,°°4lsnation, and copies o, recent testimonials to the )441 , Union Workhouse, Warrington. 114Q1°Iti—POSTE o RS. c.".SI.II4O,aOSTERS. LARGE TYPE "5114, vf oSTERS. FOR APECIALITY. Z NII.IO,tLI POSTEhS. THE MOST STRIKING L,74•5151-r,,,". POSTRRs• POSTER • -,4lau---.R POSTEPS. Produced in the Country.' 4144C0TH pos,us4 aoTit POSTS..— A SPECIALITY. j°llN WALKER AND CO.,

T. ALLEN AND SONS, (oF WARRINGTON.) SAICITARY PLUMBERS AND DECORATORS, BEG 10 GIVE NOTICE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT IN OITEEN STREKT. EARLESTOWN. (OPPOSITE THE STATION). WITH A STOCK OF WALL•PAPERHANGINGS, WINDOW-GLASS PAINTS, VARNISH, AND COLORS. ALL ORDERS FOti PLUMBING, PAINTING, GASFITTING, E. WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. BEST WORKMANSHIP. REASCNABLE PRICES. AGENTS AGA ",WELSBACM " I NCAYDEsuu NT LIGHTS. ESTIMATES

A MASSAGE SECRET. The remarkable preservation of BEAUTY among the ancient Greeks and Romans wos due to the use of the optian body-stone or Roman strlgil of which this is a revival improved by modern science and the name THE BEAUTY STONE which is in everybody's mouth is only its nickname. Ask for BENNETT'S PATENT MASSAGE STONE , Discovered and perfected by Prof. Bennett. F.G.S., during his geological resesrchss LADIES do away with cosmetics and powders to harrniul to the skin. This is natural. Will eradicate WRINKLES and keen the face free of natural grease and the hands soft "and smooth. It Is invaluable for BERUMATISM, IThISAGO, CONSTIPATION. INDIGES- TION, STIFF JOINTS and ad skin and nervous disorders. Giveipatent drugs and medicines which cause half the s the world. An HVERLAir INGE SOAP-with or without water—and atfori perniciousngo f indispensable to travellers. Removes ink, all stains and dirt from the body. Prospectus free. Of all Chemists. Stores price Is Gd or post free Is 8d from the BENNETT'S PATENT MASSAGE STONE co., LONDON, W.C. 95 SOUTHAMPTON ROW,

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices chargetilby many. MACDONALDS, LTD., Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, Ns. Inlaid Gold, 405.: Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. Cl MACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTEk A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MAQUONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 435. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor lays: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says : Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. NIACDONALDS, LTD., ST. HELENS, 86, CFIURCH-STREET, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYs, it to 7. WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-STREET AT MISS TURNER'S. WEDNESDAYS, ii to 6. LIVERPOOL, 69CHURCH-STRE T. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

THERE IS A GREEN SPOT NOT FAR AWAY WHERE YOU CAN GET ALMOST ANYTHING FOR THE HOUSEHOLD ALL GOODS BOUGHT FOR CASH AT LOWEST MARKET PRICES ALL GOODS SOLD AT LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH THE CHEAPEST SPOT FOR YOU THE " SPOT " SHOP THE " GREEN " SPOT SAM N. GREEN WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER THE FISH MARKET. WARRINGTON.

GYMNASTIC APPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON, 89, WINDSOR STREF T, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA FITTED IHOUGHOUT IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY.

ROBERT I ,OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUOTIONERE & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANR-STREUT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Fnrnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Fre., warehoused,

YOU CAN OBfAIN HARRIS'S REAL WILTSHIRE BACON, AS SUPPLIED TO 11.31. THE Tura, AND OTHER HIGH- CLASS PROVISIONS AT POPULAR PRICES FROM JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKRY STREET, (OrpoetTE Ewa or LEGa-sr.,) WARRINGTON.

IMPORI AM` TO FARMERS &c. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. NITROGEN 2 TO 21. AMMONIA 21 TO 3, PHOSPHITE 10 TO 12. PRICE £2 15s. PER TON. ss. PIER TON CAPRI DISCOUNT. AT YARD, OR FREE ON RAILS, SP BCIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN 31 TO 4 AMMONIA 4 TO 41, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. ~. PRICE 24 2s. 6D. PER TON. 7e, fin. PER TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR FREE ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED lIORSE BLAU GHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WALRINOTON. Telephone No 222, Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

TLLIIMINATIM ADDRESSES, DIE-STAMPING Fao-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, qnan titles &0.. copied and lithographed.— finootta AND SJN, Law Stationers ll, Queen-street. Warrington.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPRRvISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. ' RRPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTEND HD TO.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS, BUY FROM THE MANUFACTURER, A. COTTERELL, BASSINETTE MANUFACTURER, BEAMONT-ST,, NEAR INFIRMARY, WARRINGTON

• LI WONDERFUL WATU H." 50s. A thoroughly reliable all NAND-MADE SILViR ENOLISH PATHNT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSE. HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED OASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. FOR FIFTIE SHILLINGS. This watch Is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLI7TBLY DEFIES COMPRTITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZEIS with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCH AND CO., wstahmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street Warrington. N.B. Sent post free to 11 parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

WEDDING lIINOS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and beet value In the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIN".CY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—HUSTANCH AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1.364,

el BODES DANDELION COFFEE T'se beat and cheapest ever offered to the Prattle. tiold by all Orman& and Druggists, In Danis:es 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. wt. Wholesate by W. GHDDBB awn SON. LTD WARM ID.TON HBTABLISIIIIID 1833.

AURRAY'S GELATINOWS, (ILEGISTERED) A NEW METHOD 011' TREATING DISEASE. This ideal remedy will be found a positive cure for Alnensia, Nervous Headache, Dizziness, Neuralgia. all functional dis- orders of the Liver and Digestive System, Early Decay, Con— stipation. Pimples and Skin Eruptions. Sleeplessness, loss of , vital power, pains in the back and all languid and debilitated conditions of the system with lack of nerve lower and all other exhaustive symptoms or complications It is orevared in an original and portable form, disinteg- rates immediately on swallowing, and its powerful curative properties are at once carried to the deceased parts in the most effective and direct, though harmless way. Can be taken by the most delicate stomach. Price 2s. 6d. and 4s. per box, post free, sealed on receipt of name and address. MENTIONING SYMIIOMS JAS. MURRAY DEPT, E.. 7, SOUTHAMPTON ROW, LONDON, W.C.

COME TO SM IT G'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, b7Ell ORD-ROAD. and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GET BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINESS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public " Ve to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONLY ONE pIANO-SMITH IN NANCE:JESTER. bend to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIA NOS from 108. 6d. MONTHLY I ORGANS „ 6s. Od. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Watts. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange. YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this Is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, ni.d My goods are well knew., for 50 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods stall prices. Go in for a good article. and you will always he satisfied; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get, your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH. 34. 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, &ND 83, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 35, liallway-road, ST. HELENS: 99. Corporation-street.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated electical HOOFING COUGH cure 'without tnternal HOOFING COUGH mediciut. 4r' , HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s: per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCLIITIS wale Agents: W. DWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria I CROUP tree, London.

HG. DOWLING}, • RENTS COLLECTED ESTATE, INSURANCE. AT LOWEST RATES. COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address ; 21, Elleernere-road, Stockton Heath.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Aso BITTER ALES ALLSOPP' IS MILD Iwo BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S G154/111 BEER. To be had In CASH or BOTTLES rom B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWIOR ROAD, WARRINaTON. Also Mannts.eturer of HIEN CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sorew-etoppereci Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. SPRING CLEANING REQUISITES OF ALL XINDS WILLS. CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA, is bot. for 10d. MORGAN'S GOLD AND SILVER ENAMEL, The Is 6d box, containing Mixing Cup, Nrush, Bottle Mixing Liquid, and one packet of Best Gold Bronze, Our Price led. HOUSEMAIDS' GLOVES, from 13fd per pair. BOOTS VARNISH STAINS. OAK, WALNUT, MAHOGANY, SM., 6d size for 4, Is size for Bd, 2s 6d for is sd. FURNITURE CREAM, 6d bottle for 4d, is for 7d. BRUNSWICK BLACK, 6d size for 4d. UNRIVALLED METAL POLISH. Trial size, 2d for Id, is for 4d. BOOTS SANITARY FLUID, 41d and 8d per bottle. A BOTTLE OF THIS FLUID SHOULD RE IN EVERY HOUSE. SOFT SOAP, 23.(1 per lb. TURPENTINE 5d per pint. BORAX, 3d per lb. PUMICE] STONE SOAP, 2d per tablet. AMMONIA LIQUID, 7d per lb. CARBOLIC SOAP, 21d per lb. BOOTS CRIMSON OZONE FLUID Is for Eild. CARBOLIC ACID, 40 and 80 per bottle. HAT VARNISHES (assorted co:ours), 44d per bottle. AND ALL OTHER SPRING CLEANING REQUISITES AT OUR USUAL LOW CASH PRICES. KILL THE GERMS OF DISEASE AND KEEP THE HOUSE AND SURROUNDINGS HEALTHY IS THE AIM AND. END OF ALL SANITATION. TO DO THIS EFFECTUALLY USE BOOTS SANITARY FLUID, THE BEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE DISIN- FECTANT OBTAINABLE. BETTER THAN CARBOLIC ACID AND FAR LESS DANGEROUS. SPECIAL USES :—Purifying of Workshops, School- rooms, Public Halls, Stables, Yarus, Water Closets, Drains, 80. IT IS A HIGHLY CONCENTRATED BUT SAFE DISINFECTANT. PRICES :- 4fd and 8d ; is 4d quart; 20 half-gallon; Es 6d gallon. BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. ,LARGEST, MOT, CHEAPEST. ALL BRANCHES. 35, BRIDASTREET 5, BRIDGE-STREET WARRINGTON. ALSO AT MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, CHESTER, ETC.

HOLMES & CO. WHOLESALE TAILORS 14, TURNER-ST MANCHESTER WILL SUPPLY YOU WITH SINGLE GARMENTS , AT WHOLESALE PRICES. THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WORTH OF CHOICE GOODS TO SELECT FROM AT 20s. TO 40s. THE SUIT. If you cannot mll. samples and self. measure forms will be sent to any part of the world. Our Warehouse is only 2 minutes from Lewis's.

EVERY WEAK MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should send for a valuable Pamphlet explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements may be suo2esifully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy , sad pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent. In a plain sealed envelope, free of charge. N. NORTON, 59 & 60, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON. Over 30 years' continuous success

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MABEE AND PRINT SELLER. A Lsrge Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ao. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PLIO.L'OGRAPIIN for Crystoleum and Pend Painting. A C rMICE COLLECTION OF OLD LINE ENGRAVINGS, Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 129 LONDON ROAD LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MASERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORREIES I NKS. (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE TO BB HAD WHOLESALE FROM SAM N. GREEN MARKET FLACE. WARRINGTON

FOR FIRST-CLASS RRPAIRS IN CABINET AND UPHOLSTERY GO TO NV. EVANS, ,WoRKS :—BEAMONT-STREET, NEAR THE INFIRMARY (13 TEAM WITH GANNETT.). CHARGES VERY REASONABLE.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. CITY AMD SUBURBAN. CHESTER CUP. DERBY, &c A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market changes, SINGE. DOUBLE, AND TREBLE EVENTS. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

R. HOLLINGWORTH AND CO., mosAm AND ENCAUSTIC TILE FIXERS, 69, ST. JAMES-STREET, LATCH FORD TILE AND MOSAIC PAN BMBNTS. TILES FOR WALLS. I-MAITHS, FLOORS. /to. References :—Warrlngton Cemetery Church and Chapel Pavements. WALL DADOING AND TILING A SPECIALITY, Telegrams :—" HoLLusorwonTa, Latchford."

Co.,EWARRINGTON SL 'u ATE IAD SUPPLY BUXTON LIMB FROM THE QUARRIES OF THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIBEIC AGENTS BICIKERSHAW COAL). HEAD 0/Flez AND W H AMP t ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Cnltl Rieinals otrui Rmich offief. Titistrann RtrPqt. WRPATIOthiI

D t.J. COLLiS BRO W NIL'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENVIIIII. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderfulland valuable remedy ever dis covered. eIHLORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for t. Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILORODYN effectually checks and arrests E those too often fatal diseases—Diphthena, Fever, group, Ague. CfiLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in Choleraand Dysentery. OIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks 1.._/ of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNK is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, Re. Prom Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., Horncastie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and And-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces I a feeling of comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses . this great advantage over all other sedatives; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians ' that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera bad been raging fearfully, and that the OILY remedy of any service was CHLOE°. DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1864. CAIjTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Cetrriox.—Vice-Olsincellor Sir W. Pant WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS Bnowsix was, undoubtedly, the inventor cf "CHLORODYNB " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See .7.'mu, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. W.., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None to genuine without the words " OR. J. COLLIS BRO WNE'S OHLORODYNB "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm lug Medicsl testimony accompanies each bottle

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. GEORGE FERN AND CO.iiPANY, MACHINE, MILL, AND GENERAL BRUSH MANUFACTURERS, HAVE REMOVED FROM CHURCH STREET TO MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, TAVRRPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. A SPECIAL OFFER ON THE CORONATION DERBY. ELMO TO 23. 13D. WITH EXPENSES TO LONDON AND BAC% AND FREE SEATS TO VIEW THE CORONATION PROCESSION. SEE THE "TURF REGISTER," SENT POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILLS. RAVE RA O A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are universally known to be the beet Remedy for Aasemia, Debility, Depression, Weakness, and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. Boxes 91,d, Is lid. 25 91. 4e 6d, and us, or under cover from the Proprietor 309, PORTOBIILLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W.

OLD FALSE TEEfH BOUGHT. Many ladies and gentlemen have by them old or disused false teeth, which might as well be turned into money. MESSRS R. D. & d. B. FRASER, LTD., PRINCES STREET. IPSWICH, r,ESTAB. 18s3). Buy old false teeth. It you send your teeth to them they will remit you by return of post the utmost value ; or, if preferred, they will make you the best offer, and hold the teeth over for your reply. If reference necessary, apply to Messrs Deem & Co. Bankers. Ipswich.

ET. A. MORRISON, (LATE STARKEY AND MORRISON). SEED MERCHANT. APPLY FOR CATALOGUE OF VEGETABLE, FLOWER, & FARM SEEDS, POST FREE 0:1 APPLICATION. GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON.

A. AND J. 11ILAINB, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMaTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPE LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Sliver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions In accordance with Act of Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble CPO', Pictures, Act Ao., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAIMAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEttY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &c, &a We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES Tilt POSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S, RICHMOND OfREET, LIVERPOOL.

Benger9s Food is nat a Malted Food, and does not con- tain dried milk, which is a poor substitute for fresh. 9 15' en er s 0. , 00*. is mixed with fresh mew milk when used; it is dainty and delicious, highly ntztri. Ive„ and most easily digested. Infants thrive on it, and delicate .and aged persons enjoy it. Sold in Tins, of Chemists, everywhere.

_._ . F. THE WEEK. . t...-‘.-4-I.i tb:775, ILLUSTRA'rED. '' ou,r 1 w \ A . ~ ._ ... _ .........._ . . •_,,, ... ___ • ....-- • .„,._____ ,___........ , *.e... i• ...g..„-- .•"""'""'"•,7„. , •VA ; ''.'"*--.-"' "?''' '''''''7.- ''' -,:.-..----,--. 0,-.... , ~..„..,!,,,... --,:.....474,-....,:!.....-m—L,..7.-„ili,-,:-:,,4., ,--_,„..1.,,,5, ~4,b,b. 41,0r.7,,.• l''i'T,-.3eln.r,sk'r-2414,' ~'1,4, ---7-:- ---,r; ,', ,•,= tfr".'...:Z;', ,'''.'T'.., ,'!:).,,,, J;9:,,,tiitli -,..71t.-r,• /.,..., k ~..,:•'S I ,7!!..*, -c... -2,-"--- 1! , , ~. 'it,ll;' PViEI Nili I 4ftY• ''' 6117=1, •." . " I - --' • ::1` 1 4,i,----. / ,/e------•--1(.":.:-, '''' ' •••-• 'Vnan.4l4'.--s._.,i'•;-' 6.,,V•VOrl.;i••k^k,,', ,;'-f!-7 ' - ==- ;c, -177.?'- -- . , ~,,,- 7,77-,..._,, ..,,,, '.l ,4.,-" --.7T*!•...-.7-....a.-....-6^-4±-,e=5,, :NP,l;iiiitil'4,i'vS,;l4'.o.,Via';:4!qa; ~,i. L ' V-r":--.' ..;.*1r4,,, •if ..."---..r"--, '-',:-..,,, rAtiti37,-Vitirsi.--75.46 ,a;,::.-LW,c.k.,:::',..4.0„.t,1i44-',.,,.7.;,.111,t, -4.4,',4 `,O r„..1‘,,.. ~1-1,...--,..7:,...„.„.il , ;,..11.7.--,/, -,', 10r1.,„*, •,:-..„...,.vg.f---,4-7....,..4i-14-7;:,,.--i5....2.1%',4,`,' i 11!:,7,:;11i1,-...7.7 ~,, );),•47-„,;:r, rr-sr 11,1,-,-:±344, 147.-ific. t ..,.." . :........,..z.... , •----......-5::.% hizca„ v.; \\, ;:i :'7,,e#l4"?'" '4-• ."'s.*74=l`' ' ''''t. 1,--- v,--------- . -,,---777-C.l*- 1/4 YA..-"'"-- "('-----4-ti...--j,.;;;;;;;..,,-C;N, -,-.."-.---,60 .::.'f''',.`zp St* - '. VIV- ' - .41'*-‘ '" :' ‘e-ii:rnl :'-6'Z'''.-4•=,,:51,.t.-.' '4'' 4 ~,....,, ~.:,..--7,:.„ 4,,i0,_---..•-- ' 4-5:4_. tt,, r, .1, '...!...1.4,,kir ~, .•::-..-:.:.:!..,..,,e--z,_.f,:F.,... ~,,_ ~ ..,..,,,..)spl.,) F. ,:-1 A-4L- 41'61;3.4'-----. -., .._,.. .O„.V, 4,,f .4,-c,.,!..:.4:' r.'.t.:.,..1,47: Z.T. •-li ' ~, . ..z:_---,--. -.....-AS.l.'>4.• ..---'''so;J4.-fr ---:--!2,l.''''''''''.4llo,4*---=-;''''-`=7`---.-''', '''''icei: -': 'Aar, '' ' 7 •

, - , . i I.\' ~ AK k''' • , .. 15710 M-111111 ) • : I:_tn,3s. ,-7,21%fa ft ee..\' ei 1 - ". r. 6 ; )() -,t, ,li • / r _ ,7 G -, . ~f)., POSTAGE '? . fa.,,70'-'0 , -5.... _A 4,4 : 'k ':,Le.O ,b1::' . •-- S. ' • ' ' • ' 7- 1 ' 4 ,:,,,,, ~,,,... AT „„,•_,_.,..,, 7.. „, ; , FIVE SHILLI,6C-C [ IN UN SHILLINCS- 6 - .0.123.,,i ZI IRrA /';'; . *44 1140; •• q‘,4-,: :# -=, • P 4,, ...ii" - ' .1...,,. - 1k,k1,:,51 'ipoSTAC.CcarttiopoUND t NMI kW

. . . .. 0 ' , . ...„. ri.,, ~ . 1 '.. , ffili . ', 1 . I - : , . ..___ -- .- ' ' i.l.pio ;,1:1,1•!'il, IJI . • _ _ __. .._ r,,,,,,,r, i. 00, if, '8 1;11;1 11 .'!' agii II 11, I lijsr illi j ITI ; if .11_ •_„,.:•41.kg..,. 91,.: • "I!.* = :1.:. ' -7.' '-'''..Z7C''::,''''-. ; ~,,, •-•,'5-1,,t• t',l&l. ' ! ' ..,.-,::. , \-='' i'411,.".t-1 :. ,* •_..----1-7.-'' A , _.7._.‘„,...„.„..„ ..........„......i,..2....._ _, ......,_-...5. -t_ .„...1 . 4 y 4,...•• ". ,

••• •"••• • . 41/4 • • _ , " - 'l.l/4•uvige's • • ,veg.:. ..; - A 1.•&" asmosamarai T" " »

C B e • Prices from £lO 10s. to 25 Depot-73 BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL ql-Veg . . - 2frtiVsl-s.:ZD'-'s•- - • f C ABGB STOCK OF MANDOLIRT9. BANJOBS, ji..4 GUITARS, VIOLINS, Ao. Special Offer.—Gnaraoteod ITALIAN MANDOLINR, .r.3AKRE'S name inside. Rose- wood. ornarrerkted 6d. Carriage paid. Best qtality MOUTH ORGAN, Velvet lined Case ls. post free. AROLIVR AND SONS, bTi '3 ROF.Oliii" CRBSCHINV. TOP OF LORD-ST/MT. LAI" BPOOL. Established 1848

ADAMS INCANDESCENT BURNERS. ADAMS INCANDESCENT MANTLES, ADAMS INCANDESCENT CHIMNEYS. TUE BEST AND CHEAPEST AT 80, ST. 'JAMES,' PLACE, OR 14, S MIWIDOWNI ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 1,011 wINDuVY (*LASS, sILVER PLATS, FO3 SHADES AND STANDS AT ADAMS 212, NORTH HILL STRRET LIVERPOOL,

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITSD. 34 TO 40 LIIDGATS HILL. ALSO AT 70 A 71, RUSTON hQUARB. FIORE CONVPRTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

GOOD FRBU FISHING fn river and loch: Salmon, Sea- trout, Trout, tike and Perch,—BOAND-RSSIDUNCEI, CARTREPLE,Lochmabea. N.B.Visitors in bliss EUTHlsillbliefl Establishment have tne privilege of fishing five miles of the Annan.

QOUTGPORT.—SUBBYSIDS HYDRO, Physician : Dr LY BASNADO, Summer and Winter Besidenee. One o the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated replete with every comfort ;finekiea View. near Parks, Pie and 'Trams. Terms from Is 6d per day, including Turkish Russian and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. L BOOOOOK. Proprietor.

ABRRYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable 'Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 guineas per week, or 98 per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.60 o'clock. For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIR TOR.

THE FINEST HEALTH RESORT IN NORTH WALES. R HOS ABBEY HOTEL, RHOS-UN-SEA, COLWYN BAY. Facing [the sea, Pure bracing sir, delightful climate, charming seenery ; water supply and sanitation perfect ; elegant apartments • every borne comfort. All bedrooms, sea view. Excellent 'Golf Links by the sea within it mile. High—mass Cuisine. Terms moderate.—Tariff apply to F. MEIER, Proprietor (late at the WiNDsoR MOTEL. GLASGOW.)

i...1_ OOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY CLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

BLACKPOOL. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, splendid situation, cleanliness and good cooking, satisfaction guaranteed. Apply MRS H. Iticgaanoog, 86 Hornby Road, Blaekpool.

DOLAOKPOOL.—Superior publio and Privet+, APART- -31111315, with or without board ; facing the eee.—Mree iiOWIRTH 5,8 t Chad'eterraca, Promenade, booth Bhora. Book to B.S Station.

11QLACKPOOL.—COMFORTABLS APARTMBNTS, pleas- -1..., antly situated near Central Station and Sea, every convenience, Horne Comforts.—Mne. J. ToraLlNeoN. 59 Hornby Soad Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—hIiss WARHURST. Spring-field House. 139. Talbot-road; public and private SIITING-Itool3B, also combined ; near to places of amusement ; sea view ; piano; opposite station. BLACKPOOL, Central.--lirs. JACKSON, 29, Chapel-street. IDOSSFORTABLII APARTMENTS; bed. attendance, Zs.; with breakfast 3s. ; full board, 41, 6d• ; 2 minutes Central Pier and Station, Cycle accommodation.

MARKET-OATH, 3 Storey WAREHOUSE with Hoist. MARKET-STREET, good SHOP with House, £5O. MILL-STREET. good light OFFICE, rent 3s. 6a. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, PESKETH, detached Resi- dence, garden. greenhouse ; rent moderate. BRIDGE-STREET, Large SHOP with good Dwelling- house and Show Rooms. BRIDGE-STREET, 2 Large ROOMS on first floor with every convenience. WARRINGTON, Extensive WORKS to be leased with land ; over an acre, and adjoining Railway. NEAR MARKET-GATE, .3 ROOMS (Office). rent £l2. YENKETH.—Cottnees 4s Od., 31. Eid. and Le. Bd. per week BANK STREET OFFIEE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 33 CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d Apply ROBERT Lome, Estate Agent,No. I Bank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—No 55.

HOUG-tilbli Ulf ABLY MIA 'Jo b/s, lasT, suitatne for brewery, aerated Water manufactory. steam laundry or corn mill ; a good supply of pure water.—Apply Geo Mather, Fearabead, or to Mr KAY, Westwood Hall, Lower Ince Wlgan.

MR. C. H. DAWSON, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, prepare@ students for examination in Pianoforte,Organ, Theory and ti@rmony, including Professional Diploma Exams. Rooms over Smith's Pianoforte Warehouse, 65, 111ARYET-BTREECT, Harlestown, and at 28, ABTHUIt-STREET. Warrington.

HIGH-CLASS AND SI3I,I,n6SFUL BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate: opiendid Position: Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODanON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School, Rundebawds.

Ap. TOR BOOTHROYD, 151.1.U.M., Professor of the VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, BANJO, AND OUITAR, Specialist in Stringed Instruments. 9, bUBZ-SiItBIST. VIABILINGTON.

VAIRHAVRN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS 1. near St. Annes-on-Sea.BraCing position.seaside,eatensive accommodation Migh-clats Modern Education. Staff includes President B.& Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams. successes, Principal : bliss 2dILLBN.

mu. ERNEST WILKES, Proiesaor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of bt. Paul's Church. PIANO, OW:IAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUnICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prises gaiue. by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE, Warrington.

MANCHESTER GRAMM AR CHOOL. FEE VI Os. PER TERN. The NEXT TERM BEGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 161 H, Entrance Examination, the same day at 9 am. ProspectusesArrns of application to. may be itasi at School. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

WA H INGTON GRAMMAR. SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, APRIL 17, THE HEAD MASTER WILL BE AT HOME TO INTERVIEW PARENTS ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16TH. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY Ac. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS PROM 8 TO 12 TEARS OF AGE. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICAIION.

ON SALM, TEMPRRANCR BAR, Herbal Stores, and Tobacooniet.—Apply, 53, CHAPEL-STPLECUT, Leigh. CtAPITAL COMPANY HOUSR : visitors' book: going V concern: furnished or unfurnished: leaving town. 20. SICABANIC-RD.. Southport.

1 N SOUTHPORT. A little gold mine Ward— _L robe Shop Stock, goodwill, 'fixtures and house, rent lls weekly. busluess taught, low price ; no small ressonable offer refused; must sell quicK ; reasons given.—Mrs Waxxer, 141. Shakespeare—street, Southport.

WHITE LEGHORN EGGS, from a good pen, 3s sitting; inspectioa invited.— Kimatam, 9, Ashten-parade, Ashton, Presten.

VGGS.—Leghorn Eggs for sitting, marvellous layers ; also Houdan Legnorn. first cross ' - 3s per dozen ; unfertile replaced.—SHOßT, Baraton, Northwich. - --- --- EGGS from splendid pen of Blue Andaluslans,little strain, 13 for 2s 6d.—Address B NUTTALL, Cowling-brow, Morley, or BnoWN Cow, Burrs, near Bury. A If COffA EGGS, Chances strain, Bnff Leghorn' (William- ..Cl son's), silver Wyandotte' (Hunters),bs. sittings ;unfer- tiles replaced —Rev ZiEwaHoLME. kiellifield, Leeds.

EGGe for HATCHING, from Brown Leghorn Hene,headed by Simon Hunter Cockerel; good laying strain; grass run; 36. per dozen.—W. JACKSON, 204 Meols Cop—road, Blowick, Bouthport.

BUFF ORPIISfriTON EGGS for sitting, from grand stamp hens and pullets,mated to celebrated Partlngton strain cockerels, 3s, per dozen ; everlasting layers.--Joßri GEORGE STEELE, Blworth, Sandbach.

I UGGS from 2 pens High class Silver Spangled Hamburght _JD Also Black Hambarghs Pint pans Sr. second pens 3e. 6d. for 12 eggs Unfertiles replaced—EHOTLlFT, Low Bentham, Bentharn,near Lancaster. Eaus.—DARK HOOK and BROWN :LEGHORN Eggs, Abbot's prize strains, 3s. 6. dozeu ; Lincolnshire Buffo, 2s. 63. dozen ; unfertiles replaced.—Durrorr, The Grove. Wybunbury, Cheshire.

-IL`GOS FOX 81Pr1Nt* from prize bred hens, black minoreas. Mr W 0 Smethurst. strain, 4s for 12 brown and white Leghorn. 3s for 12.—F HAEHowELL, Green- halch goes, Wootrot& Bury. Lancashire. MY WELL-KNOWN BUFF and BLACK ORPINGTON BOGS are proving v3ry fertile ; 3s. 6d. sitting. Selection exhibition, ss. per sitting.—HOßEßT DALGLISH, flooton Poultry Farm, Wiliaston, Chester.

A C. RUSSELL, The Grange, Eccles, Manchester, hal • fine lot Silver Wyandotte. Pallet. and Cockerels of his well known strain 46d 0 6s each ; also Eggs above breed and Blue Andalusian' 3$ 6d for 12 ; special Pens

/4•1311 S for SITTING from Ore bred birds,Bulf Orpington/ _LA Blank Minorca, Silver Laced Wyandotte., White Leg- horn., Blue Lengthens, Plymouth Rooks, and Houdan Leghorn., 25. 6d. per sitting.—Apply, TAYLOR, Poplar Farm, Hough Green, Widnes. VGGS preserved In Ceylon's Waterglass are as good after .121 6or 12 months as when first put in. Hundreds have preyed it. The method is clean, simple and little trouble. I.llb tin sufficient for 100 eggs, 91 each, postage 4d, Sibs 3s, Ms 6. carriage paid. Full directions.-0 Lulus. Chemical Works, Klrkburton.

-11DURE-BD POULTRY.—Simon Hunters' strain sitting I. of eggs, 3s 6d: barred Plymouth Hocks, silver add golgen Wyandottes, white Leghorn', Indian Runner Ducks. Unfertile replaced. No Sunday business.—G. G. BAKER. Oak House, Lydlate, Liverpool,

If GUS preserved in CHICLONS WATIiItGLASS are as good LI after 6 or 12 months as when first put in. Hundreds have proved it. The method is simple, clean, and little trouble. lilb tins. sufficient for 100 eggs, 9d. each, postage 4d. ; eib.., 3s. ; 171bs, 65., carriage paid. Full directions.— C. LUNN, Chemical Works, Kirkburton.

LIGGS for BITTING from a aelect pen of winning Minor- _l2l eat Birds of my own breeding this season have won prizes et Oswestry. Tattenhan. Belper, Polesworth, U ttoxe- ter, Long Baton, Newport, etc., ss. per dozen,—GEORGE MANLEr, Bolesworth-road, Tattenhall, Cheater.

UGGS. from ours an prize-bred straingillver Wyandottes , _LI Buff Orpingtona, White Leghorna, Black Minorca, 5s per sitting (unfertiles replaced) ; also eggs from above Wyandottes, hens croaaed with pure-bred Inaian (lame and cockerels Golden Wyandottea (excellent layers and table towls), 3s per sitting ; carriage paid.—Mrs H. P. GREGORY, Weston Mills, Oswestry.

B. TYREIt PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, CLOTHIER, AND FURNISHER, 62, 64, & 66, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. (LATE MORTON'S.) £3 3s. OD. ply I .5' towfell)viesdalires,MwUitShlCaeAcLomßOnXi, talent of six Bells, loud sty,:et tone ; in inlaid rosewood case. 24 inches bog and 12 Inches wide. Oar price £3 31 Od. Cost new £8 10s Od. 4, A SUPERB Solid Polished Alt IS. 6D. BRASS TIMEPICE, real French, fourteen days' movement ;strikes hours and half-hours ; and pair of ICANDELABEA. This set is of solid cast brass, hand polished and very uncommon. c„..,2 2S. OD. E LARG Solid WALNUT MIRROR, with large square bevelled piste glass, 4 feet wide and 3 feet 4 inches high. X 1 PA 7S. 6D. RlCHyrd byV2eil vyeatrd ePvi el ery tCh iAe kR tTp 1 e 3 a genuine bargain at 27e 64. 211 10 O TANDEM s. D. y and GentMoCrYwCttLhEo detach- ablefr top bar for two gents. Dunlop tyres in sound condition roller chain, Brook's saddles double gear case, connected steering by Lloyds, Birmingham, cost new £23. Elry 0 BRUSSELS CARPET With Is. VD. Handsome border, good quality and nice pattern, 3 yards long, 3 wide. 7s 6D. FRENCHB with l inctir pTilllgaAr? Bfurallssitzope rails and filling corners mounted with brass, our price £27s 64 worth 3 guineas. BEAUTIFUL WHITE ALABAS- _,—i D. TER OLOCK with Coloured k 9 S. 0 Marble Blue Pillars surmounted by Gilt Figure of Britannia and three Lions complete on velvet stand under glass shade lft. lie, high tied ltt. 31nches wide. fYRER'S 62, 64 & 66, WIN WICK STREET. WARRINGTON.

2 SWEET PEAS. 18 colours, is 3d; half quantity, ,000 8d; 24 packets flower and vegetable seeds,ls id —BLOOMER. 117 Munte-atreet, Birmingham. A STBOLOCIY.—Your Future Foretold, marriage, .to., state birthtime, 13 stamps, stamped envelope. PROF. Bow- moo (Desk N). Clough Bridge. Bridlington.

A LL STOOPING STOPPRD.—Loo's Shoulder Straps per- -11. manentiy cure round shoulders in a few months ; send is P.O. and waist measurements—Loo,7 Old Cavendish- street, London, W. _IARDSH NETTING, small mesh, 105 yards by 1 yard wide, 3.; by 2 yards wide, 6.; eta so on to any width; Carriage paid on all orders over sa.—From H J GAssoN, Warden Notting Works, Rye,

------ _ AN BXOEIPTIONAL BARGAIN. Sale time. Famous 24 "Pearl "Fountain ESNS. handsomely mOunted.sent post free ls emh while they last. Only a few left.—P. HODGSON. 23. St. John's-terrace. Leeds.

SUIt4ICAL APPLIANORS,—A 44-page Price List Ladies' and Gents' Belts (any descriptlcn of Rubber Goods) post free,—Address Mr. or Mrs. ATKINSON. Dept G, 56, Dlll- - Middiesbro'.—No cards.

A BEAUTIFUL Pure White China Tea Service, 40 La_ Pieces ; transparent as an empty eggshell. Carriage paid, be 6d.—The PIONEER GLASS & ORINA Co., 12, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

111111 ATOH WORK—Splendid assortment of rich Silk squares, 1. ls 6d ; parcel lovely Crazy Silks, is 2d; parcel Velvets. is 3d; Best Crewels, 64 dozen.—ALROYD Lawn Co, 4 Great Queen-street, Holborn, London. PABLB TENNIS.—Wood Bats, latest design, short think 1_ handles. covered red and green (twine); edges with cord, 10d. each, 88. doz post free --dYint et Co., linkers, 46 Wilson-street, Finsbury. London.

41110913AUTX..—Ferpetual Flowering Geranium, awarded JJ Certificate of Merit. threwebury, 1901; Plante le, 34, each, or 10s. a doz. free for oash.—TOWNDROW, Nurseryman Malvern Link (Raiser). Mention paper.

OM B WOUR by the quickest, stropiest, and latest Im- proved IiattRISON KNITTINO. MACHINBS ; loighest wages earned. Lists from HAMMON MACHINE, Co., LTD., 48. Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

NETTING. lITTUNG. Rabbit Nets, Ring note, y urge Bete, Sparrow Nets. Tennis Nets and Ciarden Netting of every description. Tnoatas JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corperr Mon-street, Manchester.

IJADI&N CHNATN for all ulcerated wound,; bad legs; 'beatifies ; borne eta. One of nature's Cure—alls, in boxes is eaoh,or four boxes for Ss.—Sole Agents, NESDHaM's LTD. Cash Chemists, 297, Ndgware-road. London, W.

T UOK 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUCHRRS sewn; LÀ very beet leather soles ; will Send one pair, any size. post free for Eal 6d per pair; money returned If not approved of. H. J, GAsBoN, Government Contractor, Rye.

DON'X WORRY ABOUT YOUR!HAIR.—Rend 1s P 0 for 12 recipes of Hair Remedies; I guarantee them genuine trade secrets of world-wide reputation ,• if unsatisfied money returned.— • Cannon,' 2.) Batn.street, Weymouth.

DIIALEItS. SHOPICHIIPIRRS, U.—Spring is corning. Bottingbam Lace, Aprons, Final°. es, &c; job lots 20s, carriage p..id iirect.—WILLIAM DEATILLE AND Co., Mean- faoturers, 7, klialeigh-street. blottinahana. Established 1867.

CORRUGATED SIIIISTS, from 10e 6d per cwt; Wasters, 9s 6d per evit ; Ridging, tipouts, Galvanised • Tanks, Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders' Ironwork ; Felts, 3s 9d per roll —Strmatzharra, 4t CO., Beaver Works, Wolverhampton.

OIIR Marvellous Exlf-Guinea PACKAGE, sixty useful Kitchen Articles. Cups. Saucers. Plates. Jugs. Basins, etc., etc. Carriage paid, 11's 6d. Satistaetion guaranteed. Everyone delighted.—The EIONEEB GLAes & CHINA CO, 125, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

rro BAVB DUCTOUS BILL send P 0 1. and stamped 1. envelope for the 12 valuable Recipes as sold by the late Dr Bennate. Bronchitis,lndigestion.Neuraigla,Rhenmatism, Deafness, Piles, Corns, Blood, Kidneys, Liver, Hair, Ciarrhce..—Mite SENNATE, 12 Belmont-avenue, Blackpool.

DIiST and Cheapest MANURE far Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy for Ay, slug, An, Native Guano,priee Ws per ton, in bags; 2 ton lots carriage paid; 1 cwt. bag paid to any station in Bngiand for ss.—Write for twenty- sixth year's testimonials, NaTIVa GUANO Co,, Ltd.. 29, New Bridge—street London, B.C.

riIiANNED GARDEN NHTIVING.—Proteet your Peas,Seeds 1 and Buds, from frost, blight,and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 36 square yards, is. Can be sent any width or length. Carriage paid on orders over 65.-IIENit7 NOBINSoN, Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex. TNDIGRSTION.—THR MEDICAL RRFORM SOOIRTY 1 will send FRIO to all applicants an excellent BOTANIC CURB for Indigestion, Biliousness. Liver Complaints, Piles. Rheumatism, Gout. and Bronchitis.—Address : The Seer e— tary Plorirtld INSTITUTE. NOTTINGHAM:

filo BB SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widues.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, Nigh Machinery and 23,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. ihnHINEF, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

-IDY POST. Mandoline and banjo taught, lowest terms.— CHADWICK, 92, Meeting Hopae-lane, Peckham, London. ON SALE 12 patent BRICK BARROWS the latest In the M arket.—Apply R. KINDLE, Jacob-ar eet, Accrington.

1-0,000 Tinted printed fg,d. for We., oab tixorsd SLIWTRIC PRINTERY, Brighton. DRACHMA'S Healing bad leg Ointment. A blessing, A/ stops all pain tie coon as applied; free 4d.—BEAcHAm's, 13, Narford-road, London, N.H.

01 YARD DRESS LENGTHS, exquisite all wool Navy 1../ 2 Homespun's us ; also fawn satin covert 78 111. ap- proval.—RemeAr, 19, Imperial Arcade, Birmingham. HOMB WORK, either sex. good weekly Income, no can- 'aiming but genuine indoor work. stamped envelope for particulars.—W MOGYORD, Turton-street Weymouth. 210 VIOLIN for 17s 6d ; magnificent tone ; property late Violinist; lock-up case dod model bow ; Sacrifice, 17s 6d ; TYLER, Enfield-place Uxbridge.

TABLE KNlVlll3.—rleuulne bargain, 12 large, 12 small, pair of Meat Carvers and Steel. Sheffield manufacture, pinned and balanced, 12s 6d ; approval free.—Miss Atm, 27, Maven-lane, Baling.

DAR4AIN, Cheviot DRESS BERMES in Navy and Black, 54ina wide, worth 23 3d, Special price la 60. limited quantity only ;send at once.—ELLSoTT'S DRFSH WARE/WRAF, Hunalet-road, Leeds.

ITURBIT, KURBIT, KURBIT.—A marvellous healing 11 ointment ; herbal ; owes old sores. bad lees. etc. Boxes sp, 11d post free. Fumtrous testimonials. DEPT. 2, 101 Hurst-street, Birmingham.

A STONISHING Bur TRUE —Superior Silver Keyless 11 Lever Watch, non-magnetic, compensation balance, accurate timekeeper, only 251, a bargain, worth 45e. COPLEY. 89, Sackville.road, Crookes, Sheffield.

NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPHS, loudest, cheapest and best talking machine, not a toy, loud as a ten guinea instrument, complete with 3 records 19s 6d, extra records is 6d. General list free.—Snow, 1, Dorothy-road, Leicester.

S&RD POTATOKS.—Duchees of Bumtench. Scotch and Lancashire. Sutton's Early Regents, Up-to-Date, British Queen, Malncrop, Challenge, Myatl'a Kidney. Scottish T,iu mph Motor, and all the leading varieties.— Apply J. STITES, potato merchant, Preston. - DIBC-PON(3). (How to Play), by the Hon. Secretary Ping- Pong Association, with diagrams, laws eta-, with full Instructions on bow to conduct, tournaments. Price 4d in paper covers or 6d In cloth. postage id—London, S BOUSFIELD & Co., Ltd., Norfolk House. Norfolk-at., W.C.

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILR TO BUY YOUR LUBRICANTS DUISOT. RELIANCE Hion-cLase NON- OORROoIVE largest sale in the world. Engine Oil, 11d.; Cylinder Oil. llid, ; Machinery Oil. 11d. ; Spindle Oil, 9d.; Gas Engine Oil. Is 6d. ; Dynamo Oil, is 6d per gallon; In barrels free and carriage paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL ComPaNY, 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-street. London, 8.0. ; also 99 Great Clyde-street. Glasgow; 1, Sandhill, Quayside, Newcastle-on-Tyne.-

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY OVER 450 GOLD A SILVER MEDALS AND FIRST PRIZE AWARDS. " VOWEL " WASHING, WRINGING, A MAN GuNa MACHINE. LAUNDRY REQUISITES, " DIAPHRAGM " CHURNS. EUTTIsIi WORKERS, DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Illustrated Catalogues Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142. High Holborn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool ; Victoria Avenue, Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works. Salford.

Jo Se GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR "LEA FRANCIS," " PREMIER " AND BAYLISS THOMAS " EXCELSIOR " CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL. RIM BRAKES AT THE ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE THE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED, SOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES, FREE TRIAL ALLOWED To INTENDING PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, Tu. V V ALTON " BICYCLE £lO 10s. THE BEST VALUE ON BARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROM B.S.A. FITTINGS, ANY TYRES. W. TT. IRELAND & CO. WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREAT SANKEY, NEAR WARRINGTON.

50 1901 HEPWORTH BICYCLE% recommended by "0 TO Gazette" and " Cyclist " as best 10 guinea machine made. Owing to failure of contract can offer above at £8 its each.approyal willingly.— 0 CElStswELL,Newmarket.

lUlt/fICYCLES.—SeveraI SECORL-HAND Cycles (ladles' ..IL) and gent's) for SALE or HIRE; prices from £2; ap- provaI.—STJCICTON DEATH CYCLE DEPOT; district agency for Raleigh, Swift, Enfield, and Cambrian.

IYCLES. D.8.A., BADIN,and B S.A PATTBRN machines. Fully guaranteed from £5 12a 6d. Marvellous bargains. Write for Vista. Agents Wanted. Trade supplied.—THE WHOLESALE CYCLE STORES, Freeman-street. Grimsby.

SLADE & CO'S. CYCLE DEPOT, 57, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. AGENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING WORLD-RENOWNED MAKES : PREMIER, GLORIA, MOEIAWK, JAMES GLOBE, BAYLISS. THOMAS & Co's. EXCELSIOR CYCLES. REPAIRS AND SUNDRIES. FREE WHEELS FITTED. CYCLES ON HIRE. TELEPHONE 7094. SPECIAL TERMS TO CLUB MEMBERS.

NOT A CATCH-PENNY ADVERTISEMENT. WHAT I A FIRST- CLASS ALCHINE, FOR £6 19s. 6D? it's hardly possible ; we manage it though, and what's more, we guarantee every part for twelve months, and send on approval. If it isn't equal to any 9 guinea and most 10 guinea cycles on the market, send it back and have your money re— funded, that's fair. Includes DUNLOP 1902 tyres, Hyde frictionless FREE WHEEL (made by Herne Manufacturing Ce.) Westwood PLATED RIMS, BOWDEN BRAKE. inch ROLLER CHAIN, beautifully finished and built by cycle:mechanics, not garret men. Finest value anywhere. Rend for list and save £3. JARR AND CO. A responsible firm whose guarantee is worth 20s in the £ BURY, LANCASHIRE.

TYRES! TYRES ! I TYRES! ! ! DETACHABLE NON-SLIPPIN4 OUTER COVERS FOR DUNLOP RIMS. Cheapest, simplest and beet cover in the trade ; lie 6d each. Old outer covers re-rubbered with best rubber 7s each. All kinds of cycle rubber goods stocked. Special quotations to the trade. Best price given for waste rubber. POLLARD & (Jo., LTD., INDIARUBBER MANUFACTURERS, 28, BRUNSWICK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

"LEA-FRANCIS." "ROYAL ENFIELD," " TRIUMPH," - " SUNBEAM." 1902 Patterns Now en View. Spring frames,Cross frames, and Featherweight Cycles. Inspect our Ten 011111311, Machines (Lady's or Gent's), fitted with Dunlop's free-wheel. and two brakes. Lists tree Cash or easy payments. Second— hand machines from £2 10s. HITCHINGS, LIMITED, 74, BOLD STREET, AND 165, DUKE STREET, LIVERPOOL.

IVBBB—CYCLBS CYOLidi Marvellous Bargains T 2,800 Cycles, Motors, and Aecessories. Bargains in Badie's and B.S.A. Machines. FRiE to any address, the most interesting 60 page Catalogue in the trade. Second hand Cycles from 308. 2,000 New Machines from £2 171 64. Plated Rims, Rim Brake, Free-wheel Machines from £0 les each. Bvery class of Machines in Stock. Accessories Half: price-60 per cent, cheaper thadothers. Marvellous Bargains; Agents wantez ; trade supplied. Don't buy before you have seen oar 50 page new Illustrated Catalogue, which will be an eye-opener and money-maker to all interested In the Cycle trade. This Catalogue FE S to aII.—WABRILOW .2 CO. Westen-super-Mare.

COUNTY BOROUG ff OF WARRINGTON.— CORONATION OF' H.M. RING EDWARD VII. At the request of the Committee appointed to carry out the arrangements for Celebrating the Coronation of N.M. the King I beg to appeal to the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood for their assistance to (suable the Committee to carry out the followino objects :- I.A PUBLIC PROCESSION in which the TRADES, the FRIENDLY SOCIETIES and OTHER RE- PRESENTATIVE BODIES will CO-OPBRATB on the day of the Coronation. 2. A PROOBsSION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN to take place on the following day. 3. A. TREAT TO SCHOOL CHILDREN. 4. THE DECORATIoN and ILLUMINATION of the PUBLIC and other BUILDINGS in the Town. 5. A PERMANENT MEMORIAL of the Coronation. 5. COMMEMORATION MEDALS. 7. A TREAT TO THE AGED POOR. It is estimated that at least £2,000 will be required for the above objects. Subscriptions in aid of the whole or any of the above objects may be paid Into any of the Local Banks or to the Borough Treasurer at Bank House. 7. CHARLTON PARR, Mayor. Town Hall, Warrington, March 21st, 1902. LIST OF SUBSCRIP.CIONS. g a. d. The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd 250 Armitage and Rigby, Ltd lO 0 John J Bleckly lO 0 William Reynolds and Co, Ltd. H and S Chandley 3 3 Haydoek-street Tanning Co Councillor Baird 1 1 Rev Father Wilson .... • 1 0 Amount previously acknowledged 567 11

COUNTY BOROUGH. OF WARRINGTON.- THE ELECTRICITY COMMITTEE of the Corporation of Warrington are prepared to receive tenders for ONE 20. HORSE POWER MOTOR. Specigcations and particulars can be obtained on applica- tion to the undersigned. Tenders must be addressed to the Chairman of the Elec- tricity Committee endorsed " Tender for Motor " and should be delivered not later than Saturday April 12th. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. WILLIAM H. (1111MSDALE. Borough Electrical Engineer. Electric Light Station, Howley, Warrington.

_ _— COUNTY BOROUGIT oF WARRINGTON.—GAS ORPARTMIINT. GAS ILLUMINATIONS. Gas ConBurrters desirous of Illuminating their Premise' with Gas at the forthcoming Coronation are requested to make early application at the Gas Offices, Mersey•street, for the purchase of Devices In order to prevent disappoictment in obtaining same from the Manufacturers. The Gas Committee have decided to charge the Gas consumers at the rate of Is 3d per 1,000 cubic feet. FREDK. TAYLOR, Secretary. Gas Offices, Mersey-street, February 28th, 1902.

. , WU'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for TOWLE'S CHLOEODiNE cocuOsulTpliso'n, d A .BRONCHITIS, To WLE'S kfilLOR A ODYNE INFLURNIA. TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE Spasms, 24 doses for 2s. fOWLE'S CHLORODY NE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO °THEE.

HE NEWEST AND MOST ELEGANT DESIGNS 1i GOLD and GEM JEWELLERY. WATCHES IN GOLD AND SILVER OF THE MOST RELIABLE FINISH AND TRUSTWORTHY TIMEKEEPERS. SILVER KEYLESS LEVEE WATCHES, Specially Strong For Schoolboys and Working Men, LE bs, (Guaranteed). ARNOLD AND LEWis. 7, ST ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1830.

DR. ScoTrs PILLS CURB HEADACHE AND stmosrEss, CURB INDIGESTION AND WIND CURB FLA3ULENCE AND HEAITIBUEN, CURE ALL BILIOUS AFFECTIONS.

• DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARB A TONIC PURIFIBR, ISTSIINCiaiIiN THS WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCH CHEBRFULNESS, INVALUABLB AS A FAMILY MEDICINB.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURE LOSS OF APPETIT% CURE DEPRESSION OF SPIRITS, CURE ALL DISORDHRS OF TEE WOOD, CURE LASSITUDE AND NARVOUSNEisd.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prei:ured only by W. LAMBERT. 173, SEYMOUR PLACH, LONDON. W. De not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other Ddedicine Instead, but insist upon having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

THE Runcorn Examine-, published Friday morn !pg. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Wicinss Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. rrHE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, Dub lisbed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestawn and Newton Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. THE Si. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES 'PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 as 45 54

THE EXAMINER. , APRIL 4th 1902.

2/6 P 1 R (LITSILPEACRLLEDA.)L QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY. ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8,2/-, 2/6,3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS WINS MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREW', LIVKIIPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Urns Street Stations.)

KENDRICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RENSHAW SIREET, LIVERPOOL. SfYLE, FIT, AND REASONABLE CHARGES.

Pure Starch helps to preserve linen and delicate fabrics Colman's Starch is a pure Starch. See that M 70, the Colman Bull's Head 's Name and are on I",f.u,i, the Box. COL mANs STACK Regd.

'What we say t• mil to Workmen. AL \i'llWrigeave a Box of ~/ in your pocket or Tool Bag, for you never know what moment you may require to prove its wonderfully , - ' ...........}llll soothing and healing proper- ties for Cuts, Burns, Bruises, Barked Shins, Con- tusions, Swellings, Strains, Sprains, and other accidents to which • you are exposed every i-e• . moment you are at work. What Workmen say to us. , 1 Writing from 99, Fenchurch St., London, ' sth Dec., J. N. ALI-PORT, says. "I am sometimes scratched and cut whilst pur- suing ray vocation (Engineer), and have tried many remedies, but have never found one to equal Homocea.

for making a rapid and painless mire. For Sti.ine,s and similar ills it is invaluable." Read the following testimony given after years of experience. "VICAR'S CROSS CHESTER. "I don't think we have been without Homocea in the house for some years, as we find it very useful. "F. DOWNER." - and Leieli-ri 2/0.6 "r 4 Cie Per Tinl.l'r To be procured of Patent Methane Vendors Ecirywhet Froirietors—HOMOCEA, Ltd., London, W.C.

CRICKETERS Brnears Demon Driver Bate are the grandest made. BITEtBEY'S New Match Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any others. BUSSEY'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. BIISSEY'S Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. BUtiSEY'll Bags are made to wear. BUBBV.YB Diary and Companion is a Gem for 63. Apply for FlussEv's Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters ; 36 and 38, Queen Victoria-street, London. Factories : Peckham. London ; and lilmswell, Suffolk. (3).

FRANK S GG„ OGUE LORD S FREE LIVCR POOL

LEG GUARDS Ordinary Shape, 36, , 4,6, 56, d 6, 8/6 per pair Semi-Skeleton, 5/3, 69 •-ri: 7;6, av, 10 6, per pair. Ill! Skeleton, 8,6 per Pair • 1,41 CLeaRICthKeELTC6I3, 70/60,T105/6. CRICKET BAGS Brown 4:6, 7,6, 1016, 12/6. White Buck. 9/6 12/6. 15/0,12/6, 27/6.

ifi) \ -> •=-- ,v-,f; is I IHe does 'I NOTPIBR IgMi v I Accident # TD, ;.:(-& - Le Lan 4i. _ \\:\v; 1 ;•'// 0 5 115, SANKEY STREET, , WARRINGTON. 1114 f- ._._ Insurance Policy. It would be a / _ waste of money with RALEIGH, SWIFT & ENFIELD CYCLES.

- THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. I Fixtures for Season 1901-1902. FIRST TEAM. DATE. CLUB. GROUNW. 1901. Points For Ag's Sep. 4 South Shields away 14 7 7 Batley 14 Bradford away 6 2 21 Broughton Rangers away 5 6 28 Runcorn home 10 3 Oct. 5 Leigh 12 Swinton 19 Oldham 26 Hunslet Nov 2 Brighouse Rangers 9 St. Helens 23 Halifax away 5 8 30 St. Helens Dec. 7 Batley away 0 10 14 Oldham 21 Huddersfield 25 Leigh 28 Runcorn 28 Widnes away 3 4 1902. Jan. 1 Bradford home 8 19 4 Hull 11 Halifax 18 Swinton 25 Broughton Rangers home 5 10 Feb. 1 Salford home postponed 15 Brighouse Rangers 22 Widnes home 0 0 26 Huddersfield Mar. 1 Salford , 3 Hull 8 Hunslet 15 Cup Tie Barrow home 6 0 22 Bradford Cup Tie .28 Good Friday Birk'nia'd Wan home 10 agoa 29 South Shields 31 Wigan April 5 Wigan RUNCORN. DATE. CLUB. . GROUND. 1901. Points For Ag st Sep: 7 Hull 14 Leigh home 3 0 21 Halifax home 11 0 28 Warrington away 3 10 Oct. 5 Hamlet 12 Oldham away 3 5 14 Brighouse Rangers 19 St. Helens 26 Cheshire v. Lancashire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov. 2 Huddersfield .......home 7 0 I 9 Bradford 16 Batley 23 Swinton 30 Cheshire v. Yorkshire in Cheshire 13 3 Dec. 7 Huddersfield away 5 20 14 Cheshire v. Cumberland in Cara. 14 0 21 Broughton Rangers home postponed 25 (Xmas Day) Widnes away 712 26 (Bank Holiday) Warrington home 2 5 28 Salford home 6 2 1902. Jan. 1 Hull 1 home 19 5 4 Broughton Rangers 11 Wigan 18 Leigh away 0 2 25 Hunslet away 13 7 Feb. 8 Brighouse Rangerr 11 (Shrove fuesday) Halifax 15 Swinton 22 Batley Mar 1 Bradford 5 Oldham 8 Salford 15 Cup Tie Leigh away 2 2 19 Re-played Cup Tie, Leigh home 8 0 22 Oldham Cup Tie 28 Good Friday Widnes home 6 13 29 Cup Tie Castlef ord • away 5 6 31 St. Helens home 11 3 LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION WIDNES. DATE. CLUB. GROUND. 1901. 'Points For A g'st Sep. 7 Rochdale Hornet home 8 0 14 Birkenhead away 16 3 21 St Helens away 5 2 28 Altrincham home 28 0 Oct. 5 Morecambe away 7 0 12 Radcliffe 19 Wigan home 8 6 26 Birkenhead home 16 7 06 Lancashire v. Cheshire in Lancs. 8 8 Nov 2 Stockport away 2 0 9 Barrow home 13 4 , 16 Altrincham 23 30 Millom borne 7 2 Dec 7 Hull Kingston Rovers 14 Lancaster home 29 5 21 Lancaster away postponed 25 (Christmas Day) Runcorn home 12 7 26 (Bank Holiday) , 28 warriugton home 4 3 1902. Jan. 4 Hull Kingston Rovers 11 Barrow away postponed 11 Lanes. v. Cumberland. in Lanes. 19 3 18 Radcliffe 25 Stockport Feb. 1 Rochdale Hornets 8 Wigan 15 Morecambe home postponed 20 Warrington • away 0 0 Mar. 1 Leigh 8 St Helens hotne 2 3 15 Cup Tie, Askam 19 Wigan 22 Wakefield TrinityuCup Tie home 16 7 28 Goode Friday Runcorn 29 Cap Tie Hunslet April 2 Re-played Cup Tie Hunslet away 0 21 The Health and Vigor of an individual depends on the quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood waste products, and,if these be not eliminated but(through any cases detained In the blood) they Influence nutrition and funcalca and finally produce organio disease." " Humanitarian.' In eases of Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs. Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all klads,the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won - derfulcureslhave;been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture sold everywhere, at Is 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.- Advt. (5). FLORLLINB i—YO , THE TEETH AND BREATH. -ThOTOUlaly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, previ.ets tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilin.e ";Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.-- addet VALUABLE DISOOVERY FCR TIM AATE,-11 your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its oeiginal colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as weal as promoting the growth. Price :: 1 lid per bottle.-- 4d,.' TO IHOTHERS.—TErS. Wina low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions ol mothers for their alaildren while teething, with perfect etmaess. It will relieve the r oorsufterer immediatisly- It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oriet steep, oy solieviug the child from pain and the little uhernb awakes "as height as a button." Of all Chemists Is 10 per bottle. Advt. CLARKB'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The i Lincoln and Midlandleounties DrugOompany Lincoln.— ' Advt.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE APRIL. FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 40, 8 28, 10 10, 12 5, 16, 55 20, 35,7 20. Sundays 10.15 a.m. Attu& and Hillhouse 15 8 35, all 2,1 25, a 3 30,a 40, 6 15, a? 1585 a 9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5,9 5. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 323' 710, 9,45 11 57 15,25, 5 20, 7 20. 1134. Sundays 2 58, 10 15, 4 5,11 35 'Mondays excepted. balondays only Birmingham (Midland)-5 51, 70,9 58.11 55,11 55,3 7,5 22 55.11 52. Sundays 11 55 a.m. 420.5 15 p.m Blackburn -5 45, 835, 956. 11. 42. Ii 15, 4 50, 6 16,8 59. 9undays 843, ctS 35,6 o.a via Preston 81 10 on Saturdays Blackpool-5 20, 8 35, 956, 11 42, al 15, 3 50, 4 50.6 28, 7 17, 8 50, 9,40. Sundays 843, 3356 0. a leaves at 210 on Saturday. Bolton- 8 25, 9 25, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 3 32. 4 26, 6 43 7 17, 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15, 757 p.m. Carlisle-5 20, 5 45. 956 11 42. al 15, 4 50,9 55. Sundays 55,9 54. a leaves 210 on Saturdays Chaste:-? 37, 8 17,9 5,10 13. 11 31,12 30 1 40,2 15, 2.20 319, 422,5 7,64,7 44,10 14, 11 35 Sundays 8,44 7,451 1 35, Collins Green-7 6. 85, 835, 10 10,12 1, 2 35, 340', 5 15, 633,7 8, 740, 925, 1030. Sundays 843,60. Crewe-a2 58,13 23, 710, 828. 9 45,10 20,, 11 57, 1 5,2 5 20,720, 1134. Sundays 258, 10 154 5,11 35. aMondayo 05a5ted. Mondays only. Dareshury-7 37, 95, 25, 2 20. 3 15, 57, 64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-5b.7 0 8 46.9 58,11 55.12 55, 37, 4 17 5 12,6 15,11 52. Sundays all 15 am,a 420,5 15 p.m as spot ken required Harlestonn-5 45, 75. 8 5,8 25.8 35, 9 25, 10 13,1055, 11 55 124, 115,2 35,3 403 50, 5 15, .2 33,7 2 40,9 25,9 55, 10 30 Sundays,7 40 8 35,8 43,6-m.5 106 0,7 57.9 54 p.m Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 30. 8 25, 9 45, 11 53,1 65 a2O 515,6 17.7 41, 9 48. Sundays 95. 40, 80. 9'rodsham-7 37, 9 5 1023. 2225. 2 20. 3 15. 4 22,5 7, 6 744 10 14. Sundays 8.44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Itarston (Cheshire Lines-7 15. 757. 831.9 5. 10 512 0 55. 2 10. 40 529 75. 851, b 9 5 , dlO 25.11 39 Sunday 2, 9 55, 11 22, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18. 10 18. dSaturdays only I 2Saturctays excepted. Glasgow-5 20,9 57,11 42,11 55, alls 4 509 55. S undays 957 2 a leaves 210 on Saturday. Golhorne-5 45. 75.8 b, 10 55, 3.1 55, 1 15, 3 50, 815 7 14 9M. Sunda s 543.60. Hough Green-7 12, 757, 81, 95, a 9 30, 105. 12 0, 15 210,4 u,5 29 6 15,7 5, 715.8 0,9 25,b 9 40,a10 35. Sunday 9 0, 9,31,11 22,2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted . Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10,9 15 Sundays 8 45, 10 14. 3 15. 5 15. 9 35. Latchiord-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 4 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 23, 3 38. 4 11.5 18.6 13. 78, a 7 45, 9 27. Sundays 850. 38. 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)--3 Sc, 5 I,a 5 258, 75, 85, 8 15. 9 25,10 65, 12'7 2,35 3.40 51S, 635, 7 8,7 40, 9 25,10 30. Sunday 35, 5, 6 30, 835. 843. 3 28, 5 10, 60, 9 54. From Nigh Level Platform. &Mondays excepted. balondays only Liverpool (From Low Level Platform) -730, 825, 105 11 53,1 55. 320.5 15, 6 17,7 41, 9 S. Sundays 9 5, 240, 8 0 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 7 57, 95, 1026. 120. 113, 213, 3 18, 40. 5 55, 85, 912, 1030 11 20 11 39. Sundays 4 30, 5 30,9 2, 9 55.11 22,2 z 0,2 39, 7 10, 1 28, 9 18 10 18, 10 20, 10 43 On week days trains run hourly to Liverpool at 50 minutes past toe hour. London tL. 8: N. NV.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10. 3 28, 9 45,10 20, 11 57, 1 5,2 0, 5 10, 1134. 2undays 2 53,10 15,4 5,11 35, bldondays excepted. &Mondays only. London (31id1and)-5 51,8 46, 9 58, 11 37,12 58, 3 14a, 5 22, 55, bll 52. Sundays 11 65, a.m., 4 20 5 15 p.m. aSaturdays bMondays accepted. Lvmra (From Arpley Station.)-6 20.7 22.8 0.8 35, 90,955 16 4'9i236 114, aZ 23, 3 33, 4 11. 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927 ',ltidays 850. 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 845. 75.8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 19, 9 25,10 43,10 55,12 18. 2 29,2 35, 332, 426.5 32, 64 3 ' 17. 8 8,9 20. 10 33. Sundays 3 10, 5 6,7 40, 843 5 15, 60, 7 67 a tarn High Level Plattorm. Manchester (From Arpley Station)- 617 7 22, 7 57, 832 90, 9 58, 1049. 1 14. 3 33. 4 11, 6 13, 73, 9 27, 11 43, 2 2nda;'s 8 50, 3 8. 8 12,11 42 ~...61anehester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,? 55. 8 2,8 55, 98,9 55 65 11 23,11 55, 1255, 1 55,2 55, 3 55, 4 55.5 22 5 55, 5 55, 17,755, 613, 8 56,9 15, 955, alo 2, all 15, bll 43, all 59 1,5445 days /2 45, 9 37. 10 14 30, 3 15,5 15,7 18,8 553 259 35 2,5 u• a Saturdays only, (=Saturdays excepted. aiddlewich-7 40. 10 2J, 2 55. 5 35.7 20. No Sunday trains Moore-7 40,10 20,12 5, 1 5,255.5 35, 720. ,Sundays 10 15 tau, Newton=le-Willows- b 3 10, 5 45,7 5 3 5, 2 35,a9 19, 10 20 40, 10 55 11 55, 12 7,12 18,1 15. 2 59, 3 32, 3 50, 4 26. 4 15. 6 43,7 17 9 20, 9 55.10 30. Sundaes 310, 740, 843 am 0.7 57 9 84a via Kenyon balondays excepted 23"adgate -7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 35, 1035,11 23, 1220, 1 40,3 55 25.7 10, 8 13, 9 15. Sunday!, 8 45. 10 14, 3 44,5 15, 935 Prestoa-5 20, 5 45 833 9 55, 11 42, 11 55, bl 15, 3 50 080,6 267 17, 850, 940 o 9 ba. Sundays 8 43, 335 60, heaves at 210 on Sivandays. aSaturdays only. 5411500ra-7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 155. 320, 515. 6 17. 7 41. .4u ,45ankey (for Penketh)-7 15, 7 56.9 5, 10 5, 11 5, 12 0 1 5 22 51, 40, 5 29,6 15. 7 5, 8 5.9 25, a 9 40 510 25, Sundays o' 11 22, 39,8 35, 918 aSatatdays excepted Haturdays enty, a(ondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midiand) via Chinley and Dore Line-8 46 10 55 5 55. aZ 55,3 13,4 17.5 55. Sundays 9 37 a m S 15,a'kuesdays 6651 Thursdays only. 2465 t Helens- 7 5, 85. Ft 25. P. .0, 10 55. all 53, 1.2 7 8-224. 2 35 3 4(3, 6 15, 6 33, 7 8,7 40, 925, 10 30 Sundays 5a.8 439 5, 2 40. 6 0,9 51 a via Widnes a asoouthport (Cheshire Lines) -7 15, 8 31, a 9 33, 112, 1 25 a 0. 8336 15,7 15,8 5,9 25, Sundays 9 31,2 5, 3 55, a a_turday only. 3 mlelwall-6 15.7 22,8 0,8 30,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 23, a 3285, 4 11, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45,927. Sundays, 8 60, 3 8, 812. viturdays only. From Arpley Station. idlles-(Cneshire Lines)-7 56, 95 105, 11,5, 120, 15, s_lo, 2 58. 40. 529, 6 15, 7 5,8 5, 925, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- "Yo 90, 931. 2 59, 918. 10aSaturday excepted. bSaturday 001 y. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 30, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 20, 515,6 17, 7 45, 948. Sundays, 95,240,80. Wigan- 5 20, 5 45, 7 5, 8 35, 9 56, 1.0 55,11 50, 1 15. al 10 2 59, 3 50,4 50, 5 20. 6 25,7 17.8 50.9 40,9 35. Sundays, 3 43. a 35. 6 0. 9 54. azaturdays only - - TO WArtRINGTON ,13. 5 Acton Bridge- 5 33, 7 43, 8 52, 10 57, 12 0, 3 35, 4 45, 7 20 6 53 Sundays 758, a In 4 42 p m. &hear and Hill house-11 34,1,2 41, 2 12, 42, a 13, 5 59, 24, alo 17, BUDdaYS 910, 2 21.8 22. aSaturdays excepted . Birmingham (L. &N. 1/11.)--3 10,550 7230 19, 12 25, 2 z 5 a 4 40 5 50,7 25.8undays 310. 1240. 7 0. aPhursdays only Birminpham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850 11 48, 2 23, 0 45,7 15,10 34 11 25. Sunday 415, am 40, 1125 p.m. 131acliburr, -8 30,10 48, 1230,1 55, 3 47, 750 =2.9 5, alo 15. Sundays, 8 0,a2 2. 5 40, a 9 13. a via Preston lackpool (Talbot Road) -8 5, 8 45. 9 55, 1040, 11 40 1 40 ° 15. 5 23 7 0,10 0. Sundays 7 2. 1 35 5 11, 7 37. 2 a.ll."llackporil (Central) -7 25, 8 25.8 57,1.0 0.10 73.11 25, 1 5 „'.4 §36 50, a 8 15. Sundays 710, 115,4 57,8 25. cleave, 9 00 naturdays 6 Boltoo-6 55, 649 7 55, 8 35, 9 1.0, 1.0 25. 12 10. 2 5, 4 15 10,5 55, 8 35,a 1050. Sundays 315 a.m., 65, 925 p.m a aturdays only. • rlislc-al2 5, 6 40, 8 30, 9 45, 12 58, 140, 422, 555, Sundays 12 5 a.m., 20, 5 41,aMon excepted. a flester--7 2.5.8 45. 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 40, ISS. 2 10, 3 0 Cl'9 10,5 15, 6 35, 7 33,810,8 50,Sundays 2 32,4 30.6 30,658 135111ns Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 10 24, 11 23, 1 38, 1292. 35,4. 1, 5 38, 623. 6 36, 7 47, 9 6, 10 49. Sunday `65131. 7 15.p.m. 6'arewe-4 45, 6 0,6 30,8 13,9 ZO, 11 16, 11 30, 2 25, 315 415 50 6 40, g 5, 90. Sundays 4 55, '7 10, 245 4 10, 920 7 Caresbury-8 16, 1017. 11 18. 2 52, 53, 8 48. Sundays ,a.m. 7 45 p.m. 2, &„-esrbY-- 8 12. 9 35, 10 7,1 12. 3 32,4 0,4 47, 7 5 8 23 7,9 35, -5-2,.6aYs 1 25. 7 30.6 22, 6 55, aExcept Mondays. 2,65 rlestown-6 58, 7 13, 8 46, 9 15, 945, 10 26, 1 51'542 1 42, a 23, 314. 515, 5 52, 630 7 33. 8 8 9 20c1035 . Sundays 8 33.9 53,9 57,10 0,3 45.7 24a Saturday oaly. 6 tiddler's Ferry & renketh-7 12, 95. 945, 12 3, 29. 327 j 2 6 2.6 54, 914. Sundays 8 52.2 57. 82. rodsham-7 55 91,10 1, 111, 2 31, 4 11, 5 36, 657. 831 11„1/31sys 6 56,a.m. 7 20 p.m. letaraton (Cheshir Sues)-?28. 754, 90, 9 50,10 48 12 0 296 2 11, 32, 4 49. 56. 856, 6.(. 1549 1 Sundays '2. 9 10, 2 40, 3 9,4 40, 6 51. 8 54. wl-a„,abw -10 0.2 0,2 1, 5 55. 9 5,10 45 Sundays 550, 9 5.p m a C246.,'"Dorne---6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28 1, 41, 438 30 712 42 Sundays 9 40, 75. Rough Cireen-7 45, 8 10, 9 9, 10 3, 1055. 1.9 1. 30 2 89 ' 21,6 7,7 11,7 38, 3 15. Sundays 523,9 20, 3234 54 9 10. 2r Bu3am mid Cadishead (Central) -7 35 9 53,4 59228 50, 11 23 ...ndaYs 10 59. 6 53, 8 50, 100. 15.12 tchford 8 14,8 40 9 29,10 2 11, 16, 1 10. a 145. 211 ; 2,,1 55,422, 55 41, 67, 6 49,7 34,9 41.1 27. Sundays 823 " 65.427 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 11 ve 464.5 rpool (via Barlestown)-02 65. 6 51, 80, 835.9 25 2921; 5. 1 30, 30, 450,5 35. 75. 8 25, 1115. Sunday a 30 2 12.2,2 6 50, aliondays only. Haturdava only. s Ildnes (L. & N.W.)--6 25, 8 23, 9 5, 9 50, 12 25, 1 25 ai __ 20, 20,6 5,8 30, alo 45, Sundaas 7 35, 2 0. 715 5v,45. a3aturUays only Liverpool (Cheshire Lines) 5.20, 7 10, 7 40,8 20. 8 3), 6:81 9 35 10 30, 11 15,11 20,11 /9. 11 55 12 5), 1 0, 1 30 2 30. 2 45 550 a 30. 455 5 30,6 36, 6 35,7 30, 8 30. ,11 30 SunctYs 7 50. 80, 2 802 50 420 6 30, 8 33,8 35 T-'lnd°n (I" 12 0 SundsyNs W) 10 0-,55V0:.1121.' 10 7.5 12 15, 2 15 4 O `.; onsoo(sisland)-5 15. 90. 10 5.12 37 '› , 0 4 0 5 0. lt 12 15. Sun,' ays 3 15, 12 0. aeseept Mo' ndays. it.Yrnm-8 7,1,1 3 32, 9 14, 9 54, 11 8, 111,, al 37, 25. 2 50 4rte 33,5 19, 6 41, 7 26, 9 33,11 19. Sunda s 8 15,2 25 715 125",7days only bSaturdays excepted. 125519e0ester (L & N -W.)-7 45, 85, 3 30. 9 5 940, 0 40 0 110 45 025150,1 8. 1 35,2 40, 3.45. 4 20, 5 15, 6 0, 75,80, 9 2 90, 8 30, ".9 0. 60. 1040„ 9 25 10 3 Zo, eheater tLondon-roadl7 25 - ~ 5, 12 351 5a 8 30:5 40, 55 5, 5 20, 65, 650. 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 73 149 bSainrdays excepted. aSaturdays only. 9.3 ancheater (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720, 830, a 9 5, 93) % 30, 1038, 1133.12 30, 12 50 133, 2 30, 330, 430, • 5 30, 630, 6-38, 730 8 30, 8 35,13 0, 11 0. Sunday kid 9.930.1240.1 45.2 0,6 5,6 35 8 30,9 40,a Saturdays only 320 dlewich-6 48. 239 66. t• a2,56"e-6 56.96. 11 9.12 14,3 47.5 0,7 33.3urula vs.B 119, 4 58 7,41 44621-6 55,7 35.8 42, 9 8,9 29, 10 9,10 22,11 8, 17 40 1 53, &.i 48 48 5 10,1 535 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 8 0,9 15, 955 114. %Ty 4 7,Bundays 83). 9 49,10 0, 3 40,7 20 11 52 aSaturdays al7ll' 1240 3 e 57,5--7 56, 8 28, 9 37, 10 20, 1.1. 24. 12 35, 1 43 -. , 3 2., 4 35, 5 21,5 31, 6 22, 7 26, 86 9 32. Sundays 1331 5 7, 923. Satu2sl3---8 25, 1 15, 1 55, 6 55, a 8 55. Sundays, 810 610 3t, ir:va only. •,„50, 4 e.,lens---6 20 6 55, 8 0.8 23. 9 0,11,0, 11 21,1 25 45, 26,6 6,60, 5 8 25,6 10. 655, 7 25, 350 10 3.), SaaA ty7 50, '-'°rL- So 9 5. = Oa, '9 5 8 S. 10 10,11 5,12 25. 1 55, 2 50, 3 55, 5 337 0 Th„b_ Sundays, 90, 2 0,8 0, ! ^ 5, 4 „411- 810, 836, 918. 9 58, 1117. 115, al 41.2 9, 449. 7 f,..;•65 37, 6 3, 6 45, 7 3), 9 37, 11 23 Sundays, 8 19, 3a122 2. aSatunlays on.y, b3aturdaya excepted. 33, 315,9 28, 9 '6, 10 0,11 22, 12 15, 1 05,2 30 55. 5 20. 7 5, 9 0, JO 351.

MIOLASTEEk for Ladies.' PI LL A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDING BITTER APPLE, PIL COCHIAC, PENITYROYA.L, ae. Price 4e. 6d. poet free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON.

• ici Is wonderful water proofer for a es 7 tlielna°TanBd 8/6)rellserAvlies'i bthe. leathi.ef; D Pleasant odour allow Wish- ing with blacking. COLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGIIrIT AWARDS. •• 1 1 . Tins 2d.. 6S, II- &sló of Boot A i in Makers, Sa•Pers, Ironmongers kik la 7 .074 .5,..c. Manevatory East Dulwich

DIRECT from FACTORY to Public BABY4I- per month, easy payinents: as shown, cash rape in tan, price, 32!- U 110 green, or blue. Sent on approval, car- riage paid. Our oiler saves you * 5. in the X, being the usual re• tailersproiit. Catalogueof many other styles on applies,tion. Spare-time agents wanted. Direct Public Suurily Co., Coventry.

• OVIL STIIIIiILUY eYt..'LIE; (Coventry Make) --- , GENTS' ROADSTERS with choice of three different combinations ill cI rue Wheels, two Brakes, Plateßims,.).).. Rims, Clincher Tyres, £8 : 15: 8, ‘4...,,,,,,), .---, 0 cash, or inn Monthly Payments of ,_,....,_.„.&,, ......_•--- 1613 each. Write for our list. in the X through dealing with us direct, \ Vill -willin M gly send Machines o ,Lpproval. WeA canis Machiness m r e you 5 0 1-ge n u i n e 1902 B.S.A. or Eadie Fittings, from t' 8:2 : 8 cash. Built to suit customer's own wishes. The Royal Stanley eyele eo. eoventry.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOIALDINCS. English and Foreign Picture F:ames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Spec ity. Largest Stock of Mouldings In the Kingdom. send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarges to 160 pages. 317:51C PUBLISHUV. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for rz Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application. MORELL, 17 aqd 18 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.G. Warehouses: 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, London."

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ONE BOITLII OURBD ! ! IN TWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE, 58, Northumberland-street, gorth-street, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1960. November 14th, 1901. Sir,—l have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I hay been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out of bed, cured me. I have not taken any for two years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, week when I was taken with it again in tke arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have, shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely,o two hours all pain was gone. 1 have recommended them to ,M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours truly ROBERT A. HARDIE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS -77 - EADE'S GOUTRILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is ltd. and 2s 93.. or sent Soldieverywhere in Bottles, is ltd. and 2s. 93., or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor. GEORGE hi ADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. post free for stamps or P. 0. by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London.. ~..1..A.:. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

m E R 4 EATHER'S CLASS I GH GA -- RDEN 11-- 6 S—LONACR_E_'_L°ONF, DH°IGNH s HOSE I— . LAI-ICEST I'iAKERS THE WORLD Az- N )

DR. DE ROOS. COMPOUND RENAL PILLS. Are justly celebrated all over the 7 world as the most'saferand speedy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism Weakness across the Loins, Sandy rt, other Deposits, btone In the madder, Discharges. and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints. supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DE ROOS, LONDON." thereon by order of her Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, Prise is. ltd. and Se. ed. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor, Holford Horne. Holford-sauare. loraor, n

lj A sop GOUT :FpIXAX FOR GOUT. RHEUMATISM SCIA lOA. LUMBAGO. The excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Sale effective. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s 91

HAVE YOU A BAD LE With Wounds that discharge or otherwisG. Petu.,sis surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you press 3-eur finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, it sot extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering rill death releases you. l'erhaps your knees are SPollon, the joints being ulcerated,thesame with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis. coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprito you of the power to walk. You may have attended ,varions hospitals and had medical advice and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, fort ran cure you. I ‘ion't say perhaps. but I will. Because others hove failed, it is no mason I should. Send at. once a 'Postal Order l'or Os. Cd. to It. W. ALBLRT,M Parringdon-street. Lour on, and you will receive a box of Grasehopper Ointment and Pills, which is acortaia rernedy'for the cure of Bad Legs. ousemaid's Knee. Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned 'lauds, aiset Musiona. ategiatered Copyrignt,i

eet alliS 0, fri"- e eig 3) ,oramstoro"), 1 CURES when all other' Remedies fail. .. IT ACTS .I.IICE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND;THROBBINCIAND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. it Softens and Rercoves all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1/li. of all Chemists. EETHAM & SON. Choral:3/s, CHELTENHAM.

EVERY WOMAN Lihould send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated!Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and obstructions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means Recommended by online Fliyalcians, as the only da7e, Fore, and Genuine Remedy, Never fai.s. Thoueands of testimonials. 2.1 r r. ELANCIIARD. El4.liton Lane. London.

THE. .7:*-NT Fi Z.L. PAINTERS BRII/Zl.l`,' teI7A\FRIEND:AND Frt..,...„,sconfEcTintilv."7.);,'',,,,,'-t„...,‘,47•?. 01,,r2,5,E;PA:.-F:i;„So \\z:..e.i: ..1.:-,....,.. BURii ING OFF 10P.CF.!:•'i.;:- . lr 3 3 spicwill2 1 :70 i:: TO i/ +.ll ,r, • '''.4..t.VW ' SOLEr 1 '7l tFt t , i 6'l kg 4,,,.it„'.,, ,1,......" ... TO Al 4TACiriEDL',.,,,,,:,i . _

THE WANT 010.5'HE DA`a MAKES STAROBBD ?Amur =Eh NRW.I THE GREATEbt BOON ever o ' tered to tbe Launches' CRITcHLEI . . ~ Pm :imparting an Ivory la, ;icy, •‘ ~, , -, ',... finish to Starched ' " '''' - 'ir' L'nen Laces etc & 1 ' . * • ~,, ", I, , , ~,,,,,wesa• does not stick to spider- - :4",1•4* • ; ....:( .•: 4.1 .1, web - like materials. :Aft C. litts : , k N -4 Once tried alwase '. "..- * , ~. IP - 7"1 IC vacted. Used in the ....,* , A.. - ••!... • •7••• • •.••• 4 .4,- • Roy a 1 Laundries. Should be uaed ha house. Sold by mast by Starch, S.ellere in PaCket.S. I and 6d. Prepared only T. ClaTelra.r.Y. Blankburni.

B RRIDGE &Co. PATENTEES AND MANUFACTURER 5.240 MOSELEY RP_BEAM. BLOW LAMPS REPAIRED.

FRE 70 TO THE RUPTURED '-..t'f,r'''' .44 1 .y.,,,•v- . • ',A.' . •,i , -, „ wm. KIDD (from a Photo) • lILENFOADIAMD, HUME, ABERDEENSHIRE. Mr. KIDD having cured himself of Rupture by Dr. Rice's method, desires others to know of this new cure. Afro. sample and books will be sent to any afflicted person that writes to Dr. W. S. RICE, ............../ ( Ba,) 9, Stonecutter St., London, E.C. --

SECURE HEALTH & CUNFORT Full &:,._-, , , _•, • Fugg Size ir.,,V,15••;t6,,1•i;:„*<,...•4 ,`. •4•,:=4, r 15/9 BY purchasing one of our Wool Sets, con- sisting of Bed, Bolster, and two Pillows, sent carriage free to any part of England on receipt of Money Order for 15/9. Buy direct from the Manufacturers, and thereby save all middle profits. NOTE TIIE ADDRESS - S. PEARSON & SON/ Wool Bed Manuracturom STUMP CROSS, NORWICH.

rlmn CYCLES ARE u(,P Iva to THEFSRY BEST. LADIES & GENTLEMEN. 1314 . ZE.r2 , Carnage Pu7dtooll parts ........., --'''"' CASII on 12 XONTIiI.2. lifthli, PAYMENTS. A - _lib t 7 15s. 14'2 •:. .\\-- '-, ..7g. C') Xcf ISS• 1716 l' /8 -- ', POS. „ Write at once for NEW SEASON'S LiST, over 100 pages, and ' over 500 illustrations, of JUNO Cycles and latest Cycling Accessories, at lower prices than any other house. Sent post Ire.. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' Co., Ltd. (Dept. C.) 75. Aishopsgate Street Without, London, E.C., AND Procuunsa Cr*OON, LONDON, W.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRINO TOWLESPENNYROYAL & 3TEEL NE.1.0 FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, P,E3IOVE ILL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING sYainomli SO PREVALENT WITH TEE SEX. Boxes, 1f1& 2;9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by B. T. TOWLE & Co., 65, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Ar,c,ire of Imitation.,, injurious anti WOrilame.

Ladies • . a Figure • • Prominently • among the most graceful, when wearing the z , • 4- . 11 E: , E1G1=121727 , patent Side-S:i Beautiful in Construction. Unrirreled SW. Constructed in accordance with physioltal principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the InoVelnentS 01 the and the side Supports are vi/breakaWe. Mokleil,:ditt ifterenv shapes to suit various types of figures. they yield a most. graceful and rounded appearance. Prices,3,lli, 5/6, 611, and 1016. Obtainable from the Kind al Drapers and Ladies' Ontlit but if any ditliculty in procuring, write ii 01111 of neares:, agent. ins.'sf on having tke J.B. Sia'.-S„dri:T Corset—Me rest IMPORTANT.—The war of every 1 U. Corset t 3 ebsolutely guaranteed by the 6000 MANUFACTURER. J. .151- Great Anceats Street, ItIANCHEEI7:7.7.

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS Stc., JOHN WALKER ND CO., EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS, TELEPHONE NO. 0489.

BENSON'S , , . , ENGAGEMENT AND GE:.-i ANGSII THOUSANDS IN Brilliants, Emeralds, Pearls, Rabies, Sapphires, Opals, &c., of the Purest Quality, At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free. ....i4-4,4, .„;•'.::Ii0 ,vlBo' • #12.--,A,-- „..> • , ..-, 'l. -••• ,{ ', r kt,,t:„-::-. ' r".l-,.:!•7,,,-.:7?frr -.: ~... rv• es, Brilliant, 45/- Pearls & Sapphires, 25/- Brilliants, £3 .158. Pearls & Rubies, 25/- Brilliants, .f.;,. . ....... LARGEST STOOK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD. -4•,,P.%24,,.-ai4. Ai. ,;,-re,',4 ;)- • Brilliants, £7 .10s. Rubies and Brilliants. Zl5 Brilliants, £lO. Brilliants, from RA FINE GOLD CHAINS, Ladies' from 35/- Gents' from 60/- :. CRI „,,,. ,a• Fkl 5.41%, 0*-0 Erms I V ,134 t. TE 7; r#9, ft:::- I. " . , Vam •', g L 4 CV * wail 1, 1 Equals Sliver, at One Quoit-ter the Cost, a 'l'r',,, ri-N.,„ „-,...,,,,„” ~,,i---- TEA SETS, CRUETS, - ~„. -.2---, ' -----.',.,.,--,vl: ,- 1 .:4,.' :'1")•rov . .:".'':';*.'., " '4'7( 1 WAITERS, SPOONS, ' I'r*Ai7ll:4- FORKS, and TABLE =‘ ...„..3t4, \ , 1.1,,,,,,1; , - ',.t....._ ---, ----. ~.... 4,..„, ~ CUTLEKY of the .:,„, - ,-,;:„..... :-ft;ql2.l ' '.1.411.0i'' BEST QUALITIES. = ,t,\, .;'-- I '''-',, , '•'. ff, l' ) ,14. .:;iVi ~,,\I : ... ? , .1;/—• f For fall details, prices, ' t t,411 I 1 & -;t• ' -c., see --- -;,..„. '.._,H.:12),Z RENSON'S BOOK OF WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT 30 RINGS, BROOCHES,r, IMPERIAL " AND SILVER PLATE, (to., .tc. Post free. r NOTE.ORDER FORM and PARTICULARS OF "THE TIMES" SYSTEM OF PURCHASE, Post Free. 41.'11V. BENSON. Ltd., 62 & 64, Ludgate Hill, London,

WORTS-I 1 A GUINEA A BOX. , - PILLS FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERSJ Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS 13BECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. ltd. (56 pills) and 2s, 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

.. , v,,,,..„ '--"'”'% r '..-h ''i -, , A., ~!,'l,4li' :., •,,,:1-..; 4 3/4.0.,), . ' • ..:4- .4'• A -'="` r ' ' 4404" dX2I3 '4lk. I ka. ..., •., .. A CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND D!ZZENESS.

Manufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

'::'": - • li- e,';`,,,'.k „ ...„.. 00 i \ C \ ',. •tk I,'? ,-, , ,7 b lot,, f A . &Sell° lllsee !, • 4./' keo • . . ! -',.• " ,',.i . „.; ' 4 ~,;,,,:::, ii fp “:4 VG .: . ~.• , ', %Li, ,-:'', iIII . iii-e'l!-, I. ,-";;,,1ri':`...... , f ".i.!.414\•Nt1!..'A P ALL CHENOSI6 i 71,/,, ,' '''^,,r ' THIGU. CBOERCI‘LATI BRITAIN &TMICZONZa ; UNUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. •:. •:- 1. 1, FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS, I SICK HEADACHES, 81LIGUS DERANGEMENTS. &c i . -',O; AN AGREEABLE'APERIENT. KAY TIC PILLS" •:. •••• -r,' "'= •:. ', CURE FAGEACHE & NEURALGIA. 1. VERY SERVICEAOLE IN NERVE COMPLAINT& .. AVOID IM/TAT/ONS. - d

. . L COFFEE ESSENCE . I r _:. .. -,. .7. F 14'..., t C 44 rt. . Pli ' j•”--'"- 1 4_ i'; trolit ' 2 . Pure Cons, . Cantielion Corm Coifs. &Chicer 7 A STIMULANTS A RESTORATIVE! A OORREOTIVEJ or REFUSE ALL OTHERS .14

USTARD POWDER BM'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable dietfor Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicestDishesand the richest Custard! O EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

EATING''' - •:POWDER I Ki ,4 FLEAS BUGS MOT1151:101 litis-3m6d. is-BELLOWS 9d

COLEMAN'S

1 , --..-,i, 4‘, , ... - -1q,.,,...Kvr ....4,, , , ~,,-..„..1..-'4,... , .., ‘,l 4,,, , -, -4 ..., ,s. ~.,:: .:,. - , ,:t Is! 1; ,t :- .' ; : k .',O, 4 '. ' ' ^;"*.* 4 t /.01,4.: Ate.:.•,,,..%,, ~,r,:i' ~„,",, , -,N,:,,,--t .. ,

THE FINEST TONIC IN THE WORLD. 6)ooo,T4tllvmed monflraole 69 onft Medical UU NORWICH & LONDON.

OLDseErSvlnEtsstbiltieskelmm :DC'seleelT;(3 eolcrw°aYg.e—s Aanlldclasses com- fortable homeo.—WlNDson, 83 Lord-street. Southport. ru, Experienced Nurse to take charge of infant ; VY good refer-noes; middle-aged. —O, 25, CURATE-ROAD, Anfield, Liverpool. TpiIiAUTIFUL CORONATION SOUVENIRS.—SteeI, porce- laln,enamel tumblers and children's mugs with photos of our King and Queen worked in six colours and gold, will last a life-time ; selling in thousands ; orders executed in rotation. Post free is 3d and 9d each.—WRITB AND CO., 7, Apollo.street, Liverpool.

WANTED Good General SERVANT for a doctor's house; young girl kept In the kitchen; must have good character from last sitnation.—Apply, Dr GIvEEN, Alannah, Quesn's Walk, Rhyl.

WR ANTED smart healthy GIRL about 16; Protestant small family; good home advantages; orphan would le carefully brought up; state wages required, references.— Mrs L., 24 Park-road, Seacombe, Cheshire.

WANTIAL UisttAL dEUVANT not under 21; good wages given to one experienced, civil, and obligi no family ; another kept; must hive good referen country girl not objected to.—Apply personally or by le Mrs Bood.Cisirvide,Carlton-rd,near Brooks's Bar.Manc

iport DISPOSAL good paying Asphalting Business; horee cart and;plant ; full up with contracts.—WAnnk, 37, Reads-road, Blackpool. fiIHAT Old-establlshed,PßUlT SHOP kept by the late Mrs 1. Walsbaw, 61, Lloyd-street. lareenheys ; rent £23 ; good reasons for leaving.—Apply to 61. Wm, 156, Oxford-street, C.-on-M,, Manchester.

f lASTLR HILL mixed School, Hindley, near Wigan. 1,/ Wanted immediately Assistant MIST/MSS, (art 00), Churchwoman, tonic solfa, needlework ; Salary £5O. also art, 68 Ex.-P,T., Salary £3s.—Apply 01 IS TRE 9 9 .

CYOLES I AGENTS WANTED to sett our well-known "S. and B." MON GRADE CYCLES ; cash or gradual payments, 6d per day ; write for particulars " S. and B." CYCLE WORKS, 44, Clarenden-street, Manchester ; makers and repairers to the CYCLIST VOLUNTEERS.

WANTED, respectable CURL, about 18; one need to* housework preferred; no family ; reference required.- -Apply to Mrs. B. CLEGG, 4, Brideoak-street, Wa terhead Oldham.

ALL CLASSES of SITUATIONS, privste and public; good homes ; excellent wages ; plac.s in town, country and seaside.— Write to RABRIEION'S, 6, Oldham-street. Man- chester.

WANTED at the beginning of May, a good COOK- GHNHRAL, also a housemaid, wages £2.1 and £lB. Apply stating age and rcferences to Miss WILLIS. Yew Tree House, Atherton, near Manchester.

WANTED COACHMAN, a knowledge of plain gardening would be a recommendation; btate experience, wages expected, and give references to last employer,—Address 82, STAND-LANE, Radcliffe, Lancashire

1)D1TION TO 14COMIL—Start a Home Mail Bust noses ; easily worked, either sex ; experience unneoes eery ; no gambling or canvassing; not buying or selling purely postal work.—Send addressed envelope. MANAGER Home Workers Co., '56, Paelet-road, Camberwell, London

rrwo VALUABLE Slate and Slab QUARRIES situated in 1. North Wales to be sold.—Perticulars from Messrs WADE SONS AND Co, 146 A Dale-street, Liverpool, A NYONE REQUIRING a BUSINESS of any deseription Cl_ in Manchester or district should apply to 6 B QOUNDBY, 98, Hyde-road, West Gorton, Manchester.

TO LET, TERRE HOUSES, near Stag Inn,Lower Walton, containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery. three bedroorne, bath, hot and cold; rent £l7—Apply 3, BOLO-t4TREET, Warrington.

rUOBACCO and CIGAR BUSINESS for disposal. In princl- pal street, Blackpool, near North Pier and market, ingoing and fixtures £5O, stock at valuation ; all about £250. —Address A, 34. CAMBRIDCIE•RD, Blackpool. TiviiieN GAME EGGS 4s 6d doz.' uniertiles replaced 1 unlimited run ; Only kind kept.—Mrs NORMAL Whitby near Chester.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PILIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnraecengszsry.lbut may be TEETH. All consultations free. T EETH Each patient intorour required, the oast w . TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mofierste charges. TEETH. An LLD., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-,nless Exotrfatnronh=o by the aid TEET H. Maker to Dentists of 13.000fgallons weekly. Exors7 of the late J• 11..• PARKINSON (DENTIST BY BEAM MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS - MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 pan, WARRINGTON ----Zit SANREYSTREEI WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. luiveGEN. 31. BRIDGE-STREET TURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH— —lB, APYLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

FRIARS GAMIN. Warrington Opi. site Arpley Station. Also at MANCHESTBD-ROAD, (late lissenhigh's.) S. T. WARD AND Co.. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &c„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Pont,, Headstones in Granite. Marble, and Stone. Designs and )htlmates Free. LSTTBR CUTTING. AND OLSANING 'MISTING MONUMISNTS A SPEW! A.LITY.
