===== 0002601_19141003_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
411'N'es, Helmets. Bootlaces, Choco- tee° triar Pipes, Cigarettes,: vests, aseline, handkerchiefs. Soap, - and % Xalien. Gloves. with, to Indelible Pencil s 11 ,Or M t buy them w ~ Money o lc liall, Liverpool. )pr ' 'IC TELEGRAPHS. pursuant to lIEREBY GIVEN, 1381,t3 to 19.11, 4.0 f the Telegraph Acts, leBt4oB 18.33 ehabvoindyg tjonsent in that behalf f 441'htt,Q1 of the streets or public roads ilticll4. across Whitefield: qa r lined over and il tO plaaa a Telegraphic__d. for that irtteets or public roads, and upon tItIQ 4a,tld maintain posts "" ' tc ' ~-,e Dowers conferred on him by ej4o/1 Act r Ain 8' t ast,r-General• Illt. ,and of the Pos m tt,lotlng Engineer. ;4t lesT„rall°9l4: Manchester' iieli,l) -A T ONCE' ,44(1)F,DITIONARY FORCE, twilirren NIIIIBER OF sHoE/NG SMITHS. 14. Coxnmoss : ss. Per day. q years of age, , Allowance for Married men. htpt.SILICE BUILDINGS, and tIic„ChOOLS. ctobenecessary as the List h, "Q O 1914. L N ALATINE OF CHESTER. Lltti3y GIVEN that q t 1; the next sof the be 4"e VARTR E SESSIONS og " vil CrUNTy PALATINE s•li'j,,,,,' holden at the COURT; 4 L-PORD, in and for the big saiu. ,tll Pore_ ' 19111,C)NDAY, the 19th day ot„, „', at 10.30 o'clock in the 'fury will be em %liar all A the --PPeals arising within , - pannelled. 4 I bre. • • ham, Buck- 7, ,p d ~. isions of Altrinc Congle- ^lq,'l,lllddlelrich, Sandbach, e nu_ ,t;taf,,,`,,t_estbury, and Stockport, 'of all District, and the trials o f ea .„ at "tell from such Divisions, will -11 al ch Sessio The Grand and 44°1' the orB.d District must be tlkilt the CO-VOATIIOI3SE, KNITTSn- 49ening of the Court SI, 44 19th day of OCTOBER NEXT, the Porenoon. Ctr- Will be adjourned to the VeifST_E_lt on MONDAY , the 26th wltAllUalll4o, ulter E4.eraennd o'clock jtirw ill ' all A b•w :',l)Peals arising within the isions of Broxton, Chester la, Eddisbury, Nantarich, Run- t 4141 Yirral, forming the Ches- -41 1 '',lrials of all prisoners coin: sociB,-Inentioned Divisions, will .1. ce,ltiesAdjourned Sessions. The for the Chester District tli'e'allee at the CASTLE OF ',2Gth OPening of the Court on , .14 tlia.p,3" 04 OCTOBER, 1914, at t, Itp,,, orenoon. ae p„-"11-NALD POTTS. . the County Palatine `seat be of Chester. clrtr. 1914.

and Mrs. F. C. Herzog. 1 1 0 Emma C. Osborne, E. Hall Coates, Dr. each Geary, Mrs. W. B. Roberts, Alder- man Bennett, and Mrs. L. M. Stens- field. 0 5 0 William Beswick and Anonymous (each) 0 2 6 J. Estin. 1 0 0 Benj. Cross, A. Down, R. H. Meldrum each (monthly for 12 months). Total amount to 2nd October, ..t1.21 13s. 6d. In addition to the above, gifts have been re- ceived from the following:— FURNITURE & LINEN.—Mrs. Armitage, Miss Bellian, Mrs. Broadhurst. Mr. E. Bradshaw, Mrs. Brocklehurst, Mr. Breward, Miss Cald- well, Miss May Caldwell, Mrs. Carleton, Mrs. Robson Chorley, Mrs. A. H. Crosfield, Mrs. E. G. Davies. Mrs. Frost, Mrs. J. H. Fletcher, Mrs. L. Greening. Mrs. Harrison. Mrs. R. Johnson, Mrs. Lindlm Mrs. Segar Owen. Mrs. R. Pierpoint, Mrs. H. Roberts, Mrs. Roberts, 2. Winwick-street; Mrs. Harold Silcock. Mrs. Fulton-Smith. Mrs. T. Smith, 33, Melville- street ; Mrs. C. H. ,17nsworth. PROVISIONS.—Mrs. F. Bailey. Mr. Bradshaw, Mrs. Brocklehurst, Mrs. Carleton. Mrs. Col- lins, Rolleston-street ; Mrs. V. B. Davies, Mrs. F. A. Frost, Mrs. Freeman. Mrs. Gleave, Bis- sell-street; Mr. Jos. Hall, Mrs. Hallwood, Bridge Foot; Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. R. Johnson, Mrs. Lindley. Mr. G. Mather, Mr. H. P. Mor- timer. Mrs. R. Pierpoint, Mrs. H. Roberts, Miss Whittaker. GOODS.—‘tS, Mr. Peter Caldwell. JOHN FAIRHURST. Hon. Treasurer.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
l IMINIMMINIMMI,IMMIIMM.,"••'. The Cross in the Cacti.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Crowning Glory.

PICTURE HOUSE

TRIALS AND SORROWS OF

The Afghan Raiders.

Torquato Tassoi

===== 0002601_19141003_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Ai

W

• 44:k '

Ade sais7o .44

===== 0002601_19141003_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1914. Literary Gleanings. FARM AND GARDEN.

0494,7,•000vv vs- 4,04,0404.4•04,0000+04:*0+0 ••:,404,4, +..+....+,+ 00 0 000904 ivy 99vvv•-ev-e-.--4,0+0+.444,00 00•e+4,000•:•0 +00•:•000+ 000 .0 •:•0 • 4. + • 4.0 00 WOMAN'S WORLD. .. " .. 0 0 .4, 0 0 D• .. .• . .4, 0 0 0

are trained on the racecourse, 'which has been , turned into a camp. Horses are also stabled there in great numbers, and sent on as re- quired. The favourite promenade is this course, where the soldiers offer all visitors afternoon tea,.

Brigadier Murray, of the Salvation Army. A distinguished member of the Salvation Army is Brigadier Murray, a. daughter of the late Lieut.-General Sir John Murray, whese reputation as a great soldier and a goad man was earned in India. He fought during the Indian Mutiny, when he raised and commanded a regiment. Lady Murray accompanied him thrOughout the pampaign, and on one occasion carried despatches a distance of seventy lanes. Miss Murray was in charge of the Salvation Army expedition during the Beer War., wizen she and her companions ministered to British and Boer alike. She is now with His Majegtes forces, and caring for soldiers and sailors. She sent home a short time ago a very graphic account of her experiences, when the German army entered Brussels.

Autumn Capes. The summer cape, which carried all before it, is not suited to autumn wear, and it has there- fore been very considerably modified. The vol- uminous shape open in front to show an elabor- ate blouse or bodice, has given place to a gar- ment bearing a strong resemblance to a shawl, and ending in a point at the back. The out- line of the shoulders is now visible, the heavy folds having disappeared. This cape is modelled on the brigand design, but is eminently femin- ine in its lines, and in its quaint style. If forms a part of many of the autumn suits, more espe- cially when these are of dark blue serge, a con- trasting waistcoat of some brightly-striped material giving the necessary note of relief. Fancy plush is often used in this connectiou, more especially in a rich tomato shade. This shade will be very popular, also a colour that resembles the lees of wine.

Military Modes. Dress has always been largely influenced by wars, and the present stupendous struggle, in which so many nations are engaged, is respon- sible for the introduction of d military element in novelties for this autumn. This is particu- larly noticeable in the new millinery. Vivid

when the fire is low at bed time and the door left open; take out in the morning and keep dry; repeat nightly for a fortnight; store the fruit in earthenware jars with closed months.

Pigeon Pie. Cut up four pigeons into halves, and cut up hull a pound of ham into pieces. Stew these for one and a half hours. Season with pepper and salt. Place these in a, pie-dish, and cover with short pastry. Decorate the top, and glaze with white of egg. Bake in a moderately hot oven for an hour. Serve either hot or cold. The feet of the birds should be saved, scalded, and skinned, and placed in the top of the pie as a garnish.

• red or scarlet hats have appeared, and will doubtless have a vogue. They are small in shape, and are quite simply trimmed with flowers of the same colour and material. A new ' model, also in velvet, closely resembles the Glen- garry cap, worn by the brave Highland soldiers. Placed somewhat rakishly on one side of the bead, the coiffure is shown to a greater extent than hitherto. This cap has an exceedingly beautiful line and is very becoming to youthful features and outlines. When wora iiti a kilted tunic, especially if the latter be of a tar- tan plaid, the toilette is strongly suggestive of the .uniform of a Highland regiment.

EVOLUTION OF THE BANANA. Wild bananas are almost wholly seeds, but what pulp is found is sweet and agreeable. The original banana had little value as a fruit. 0. F. Cook, in an article in the 1903 Report of the Smithsonian Institution, expressed the opinion that it was first cultivated as a root crop, the roots being used even to-day by the natives of some regions, while the tender heart is still eaten in Abyssinia. The "Journal of Heredity" tells the story of the wild bananas, which are found in Borneo, the Philippine Islands, India, Africa, Ceylon, "on the rocky slopes of mountainous regions of the moist tropics." Odoardo Beocari went to Borneo to look for the original banana. But he considers that all the wild bananas to-day are forms that have escaped from cultivation in times past. For the banana has been a well-known cultivated fruit throughout historic times. , Beccari suggests that it was cultivated as far back as the Pliocene epoch. Originating in the Indo-Malayan region, it probably spread westward and eastward. It is commonly be- lieved that it was introduced into America by the Spaniards, though Cook and others main- tain that it is a native of America. The bananas we eat have only rudimentary seeds. The minute seeds they do contain would not grow if planted. The wild ones, as has been said, are little but seeds. The seedless banana is the result either of hybridisation or of improvement by a sexual reproduction, of which the potato is the best known example. Beginning to cultivate it as a root crop, primi- tive men discovered that their attention was improving its fruit. They naturally selected for cultivation those that bore the largest quantity of pulp and the smallest of seed. So, in the course of time, the banana as we know it to-day was developed.

The New Collar. A new collar, which will be built in fur later I on, is a combination of sailor and stand-up, with a V opening in front. It is made in one -piece, and can be easily tacked into a blouse, and as this part soils quickly the idea has ,orne practical value. Flat, turn-back cuffs are worn with it, and these are also detachable. Belts are taking the place of sashes on many dresses, more especially when blouses ate worn with different skirts. Broad Roman striped ribbon belts are fastened with three small, instead of one large, buckle, as the three prevent the belt from dropping in front, and a certain trimness at the waist is a feature of the season's modes. Shirts and blouses were never more simple in build, or more devoid of unnecessary trimming. Gold buttons are popular just at present, an- other sign of the military influence. Many blouses are touched with scarlet and black, and military braid, both wide and narrow, is largely used on garments of every description. Concernit' eadgear. There is a certain trimness about the new hats which has been lacking in millinery for some time. The new models axe intended to be placed firmly on the head, which they no longer cover. Gold is the most popular trimming, and a new galon is to have quite a vogue. Some of the black velvet models turn up quite impertinently at the side, where the brim is as wide as it is narrow on the other. A band of gold galon at the base of the crown is often the sole trimming, finished by a flat bow at the side. Gold gauze takes the place of tulle in transparent mounts. Even ostrich feathers are made to look as if they were gilded. Three cornered hats are a favourite shape in black velvet. These also pre trimmed with gold.

WHAT M.P.'S MAY NOT DO. Many are the privileges which a member oi the British House of Commons enjoys. At the same time, however, there are quite a number of unwritten, laws governing his conduct while in the House, which he must observe unless he wishes to bring upon himself nhenviable notice. Although the House of Comnfons, for instance, has been described as the best club in Europe, members must not play cards in the smoking - rooms, while there is no provision for billiards. Neither must a member smoke in the House itself or in the division lobbies or galleries, nor have food except in the dining-rooms, although there is no restriction on the beverages which may be partaken of during a speech. Again, in strict Parliamentary law, any mem- ber is allowed to occupy any seat in the Cham- ber that happens to be vacant. In practice, however, the front benches on either side of the Speaker are sacred to the Ministers of the Government, and the principal members of the Opposition respectively, and an ordinary mem- ber would no more think of insisting upon tak- ing a seat on either of these benches during a sitting of the House than he would of turning the Speaker out of his chair. And should a member on any particular occasion find him- self by accident seated amongst political oppon- ents, he must not rise to speak nor must he take part in applause. It is necessary, if he wishes to reserve a seat for the day, to place upon it a card found upon the table of the House before prayers, and re- turn at prayer time to clinch his claim. Talk- ing of prayers, it might be mentioned that the 67th Psalm is always read before the opening of each day's sitting, and when the actual prayers begin, members, who have been standing with their faces to the floor of the House, turn round and face the walls of the Chamber. Strangers, as " P.W.W." points out in his interesting little book, "Everybody's Guide to Parlia- ment," are not permitted to prayers, even the Press being locked out. Among other points of conduct which a mem- ber must observe is the rule which forbids the display in the Honse of any papers or books save those which concern the business of Par- liament for the time being. The rule against reading newspapers is strictly enforced, both on the floor of the House and in all the galleries. No member is supposed to enter the House in an overcoat or carrying an umbrella, and al- though fashion has changed in regard to head- gear since the days when a member who wore anything but a silk hat was regarded as eccen- tric, cloth caps are not permitted, despite Keir Hardie's attempt years ago to introduce that form of head-covering. A member who forgets when walking up the floor of the House, or crossing from one side to the other, to bow to the chair, is quickly re- minded of his shortcoming. It is a rule, how- ever, that a member must not cross between the chair and a member who is speaking. "This rule," says " P.W.W.," "is somewhat relaxed where the speaking member stands further back than the first two benches. But if from his seat a member is compelled to pass the intercepting line, he must, as it were, con- done the necessity by bowing very low. "On one occasion Colonel Seely aroused great protest by passing up the gangway, in front of a speaking member, in order to whisper to the late Sir Walter Foster. The explanation was that this eminent physician's services were in- stantly required for Sir Alfred Billson, who had been seized by a fatal illness in the division lobby. The Houses of Parliament being a royal palace, the body of a person dying within the precincts cannot be removed without the ap- proval of the King's coroner."

EXTENSION OF AREA UNDER WHEAT DESIRABLE.

The Agricultural Consultative Committee state that with the Arrival of the time for pre- paring the land for autumn and winter sowing, they desire again to impress upon farmers the great importance, in the national interest, that the acreage under wheat during the coming year should be largely increased. "It should not be forgotten that, on clean land, and by the aid of suitable artificial manure, good crops of Wheat can be obtained in succes- sive years. Attention is drawn to Section 26 of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, which per- mits any system of cropping subject to the hold- ing being protected from deterioration. There is much land of a certain class now under grass which would probably pay for breaking up. If this land is scheduled as arable in the farm agreement, the tenant has the option of ploughing it up. If it is scheduled as grass, the Agricultural Consultative Committee sug- gests co-operation between owner and occupier tts to, the advisability of breaking up certain fields in view of the national question of in- creasing home-grown foodstuffs." The committee, of course, do not suggest that good grazing land should be broken up, and they realise that the circumstances of each in- dividual holding must be examined in consider- ing the above recommendations; but they point out that should it be found possible to increase 1 the wheat acreage without detriment to the live stock and general organisation of the par- ticular holding, there seems every reason to sup- pose that it might prove to the financial advan- tage of the grower.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
lIERE AND THERE.

At Sight. "So your daughter has married the titled stranger," said the romantic woman. "Yes." answered Mr. Cumrox, glancing up from his check book. "Was it a case of love at sight?" "Yes. Now it's a case of draw at sight."

Probably True. "George!" She looked into his eyes unques- tioningly. "George," she said, "it isn't for my money that you love me, is it?" He stroked the head resting there against his manly breast, and made reply: "My darling, no! Why, little one, I would love you if—if—if—you had ten times as much money." "Oh, George." And she sighed as though relieved of a great weight. •

Certainly New to the Business. She was newly married and did not know a little bit about either housekeeping or shop- ping. It was a crusher; but Gus, the grocer, was an experienced man and clever, so he kept writing and did not even smile. " I want ten pounds of paralysed sugar," she began with a businesslike air. " Yes'm. Anything else?" "Two tins of condemned milk." yes,m.." He set down pulverised sugar and condensed milk. "Anything more, ma'am?" "A bag of fresh salt. Be sure it's fresh." " Yes'm. What next?" "A pound of desecrated codfish." He glibly wrote " dessicated cod." "Nothing more, ma'am?"

"No." " We have some nice horseradish, just in." "It would be of no use to us," she said; "we do not keep a horse."

not, you have seen pictures of one. But do you know why they fly? For many, many years men have been trying to float in the air, and many lives have been lost in the attempt. Years ago a balloon, a silk bag filled with gas, was invented, and this held men up in the air because it was lighter than the air it rested upon. Hanging at the bottom of the balloon was a basket, in which men sat down. Many different kinds of balloons have been made, and to-day -we find them fitted with machinery to send them along, and with a rudder, just like a ship, to steer them. The biggest balloon ever made, with machin- ery to drive it, is called the "Zeppelin." This kind is used by the Germans. It is a very big thing, but can only carry about 20 mere A boat on the sea, built the same size, would carry about 1,000 people. This kind of airboat floats because it is lighter than air. The aeroplane is heavier than air and that floats also. How does it do it? Just like the bird does, and just like the kites the boys send up in the air. . The bird and the aeroplanes both have wings, which act in a similar manner. The boy's kite with the string tied to it, is forced upwards against the wind because it slopes a little with its face looking down towards the ground, and because the wind, blowing against it, pushes it up in the air. When the boy pulls the string the kite goes forward. That is how the aero- plane works, but, instead of somebody pulling it along with string, it has machinery which drives it. The aeroplane's wings catch the wind on which it sails and this holds it up.

THE HONEST MAN. Long, long ago a certain king wanted a man to 7-.. look after his money and his great treasures. "The man I am looking for must be very honest and not take anything which belongs to me," said his majesty. It was hard to find such a man. The king could not advertise for one, because newspapers and printing were unknown, so he sent five of his wise men all over the country, but each came back with the message that not a single honest man could he found. The king was very angry about this. He did not know what to do. One morning, when he looked more troubled than usual, the queen said she could find an honest man if the king would Promise to buy her a valuable string of beads. lie promised and on an appointed day twenty men came forward. The king and queen sat side by side with all their attendants, when the men entered the royal chamber. "I want you all to dance," said he queen, "to show to his majesty how grace- ful you are." Only one man did as he was asked, and the queen told the king that that was the man he wanted. The king was angry again, and said he wanted an honest man and not one who only did as he was told. But the queen then explained that the twenty men, before they reached the royal chamber,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-~

===== 0002601_19141003_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, '

===== 0002601_19141003_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAT and GOSSIP.

By MARJORIE.

The Queen and the War. Parliament being in recess and the war tak- ing a favourable course, the Court will shortly remove to Windsor, but the Queen will continue to give her active assistance to the many schemes for relieving hardships and privation occasioned by the war. An instant response hits been made to her Majesty's appeal for woollen socks and belts for the soldiers at the front, and with the perceptible advance of winter it is necessary for us all to do what we can to help our troops to face the disc,omforts which it brings in its train. The Queen has also greatly interested herself, in the scheme for the employ- ment of women, and arrangements have been made whereby work will be provided at thirty factories near London. The uniform rate of payment will be threepence per hour for a forty- four hour week. Later on the same arrange- ments will be made with factories in the pro- vinces. Her Majesty has ordered a number of warm useful garments, which she usually makes herself and distributes at Christmas among the tenants of the Royal estates.

Our Troops in France. The towns in the South and West of France, including Tours and Bordeaux, are filled to over- flowing with refugees from Northern France, Paris and Belgium. Many French people, well known in English society, have sought sanctuary in London, which is also fuller than is usually the case at this time of year. There are a num- ber of British people at Nantes, which may be termed a base for the British troops in France. The residents greet each trainload with every mark of sympathy, and shower flowers, fruits— such as pears, apples and peaches—and choco- lates upon the soldiers, and when a regiment leaves for the front, the same attentions are shown by French and British of all classes. Our soldiers make a very brief halt, but recruits

===== 0002601_19141003_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME NOTES. Recipes and Useful Suggestions.

1 '-ivi: i .'. ~.' 4. ~.

, 6 11,

' gbh

i:r -.-fi‘ ‘.V, 4 1 , ,)}..- •,, .*,

'O4

41

4 tk % t - 111

gir 1 • -,•,1... u,, , v il , , ,i

f ;; ,1 .

‘.)11

H , ' e

I

lifiP

•et ' li ti .ti., ' t. sk,

I

,

•

• ; ;

r/J - N Vrf4

r

I

I

A

Bottling Fruit. Choose wide-mouthed bottles and clean them thoroughly. Pick just ripe fruit, clean and dry. Place in bottles. Apples and pears should be sliced in quarters, plums and damsons put in whole. Fill the bottles with clean water. Stand them up to their necks in water in a fish-kettle or open boiler. The bottles MIIBT be open. Slowly raise the water to the boil and let it boil for twenty minutes or half an hour. Take out the bottles singly and without the smallest delay tie the mouths with clean bladder whilst the water in the bottles is at boiling heat. If corks are used instead of bladders scald them first. Insert them and seal the tops with seal- ing or bottle wax. Remember to boil the water gradually. the bottles in any cool plate. Make as much jam as possible, using smaller quantities of sugar if price is high. Blackberries can be preserved with a smaller quantity of sugar than other fruits. The Preserving of Beans. Secure earthen jars with wide mouth. Clean thoroughly with boiling water. Pick the beans when dry or dry them before the fire. Wipe them with a cloth. Tear away the strings and slice them as for cooking. Sprinkle layer of clean kitchen salt at bottom of jar, put in a layer of beans, then more salt, and so on until the jar is full and heaped up. Cover jar with clean plate on which a weight is placed. Next day remove any dirt on top of jar, add more beans and salt till jar is full. Cover mouth with brown paper tied down. Once or twice in the next ten days uncover and remove any scum. Finally cover with bladder tied down. To prepare for eating take out the beans and soak thoroughly in several changes of water until free froth salt. Boil for rather a shorter time than for fresh

Store

beans. To increase their food value strain off the water when the beans have boiled soft, add a piece of dripping or butter to the pot, stir for five or ten minutes and dish out. Fruit Drying in Brick Ovens. Though a somewhat tedious process, drying of apples, pears and plums is well worth doing by those who have brick ovens. To dry the fruit:— (1) Apples and pears should be quartered. (2) Plums left whole. A layer of fruit should be placed on the lid of a wicker basket which should be put in an oven

EVeOl-0404250V0,Nek°0"469-A2=69-drilratur3 CHILDREN'S CORNER. Conducted by UNCLE NED. z ,Z)42•6A+049.4V054

MT DEAR CHILDREN,— This week I have pleasure in announc- ing the winner of the prize in the competition essay "Why I should be loyal." The winner

MAGGIE RANDLES, 329, Wellfield-street, Warrington. Maggie's essay was not the best sent in, but most other competitors did not keep to the sub, ject we set them. We asked them to say "WHY I should be loyal," and they wrote upon "HOW I can be loyal." One of the most important things in this world is accuracy, and we cannot ,answer a question accurately if we don't make - sure that we understand the question before we answer it. So that Maggie takes the prize in preference ; to those who wrote better essays, because she did what she was told to do. You will find as you grow older that carefulness and thought- fulness win the substantial prizes of life oftener, 14, perhaps, than there brilliance. Here we have a little object lesson which I hope will be of lasting value to all my nephews and nieces. Maggie thinks that as England is free and well governed there is every reason why she, an Eng- lish girl, should be loyal; which is really the reason why we should all be loyal. If we are all true to ourselves we shall have no fear of Ger- mans interfering with us and our affairs. We are free and intend to remain so. I hope the unsuccessful competitors will try again for the next prize, and, keeping to the text, they will have a better chance of winning. I very often wonder what kind of books you like to read. If you like reading you should join the library, for there you can borrow all kinds of good books —and good books are the only ones worth read-

jug. wasmbotor ride into , an:autiful and One day this week I had a me, y haythe schools done for the country. Everywhere and the quiet. The village churches g well as and the houses all stood as the years. What a difference between thT present picture in Belgium! There es is upset. Houses have been destroyed,LearYthing churches and cathedrals, the growin the fields has been trampled I f.own—ali bytmea'n'e jag of honour. We in the British Isles shouhl German soldiers. who have forgotten the feel thankful to our Navy for the way they are protecting us. I would like to ask you not to forget to send in to me any questions you would like to have answered. As I said in ray last letter, I want to help you all I can. 0 , UNCLE NE

ving

WHY AEROPLANES FLY. Aeroplanes are proving of great value big war with Germany. They can fly I **he air indfind out where soldiers are hi see an aeroplane

in the dgh in

4.4), Et Aeru, big war ear and find --""3., you ba\

===== 0002601_19141003_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
HINTS ON HEALTH. Useful Information in Popular

Language.

Pains in the Joints. .Heart disease is one of the most serious con- ditions from which a child can suffer, and when due to disease of the heart valves, is incurable, and renders the sufferer a permanent invalid. It cannot be too often repeated, nor too carefully borne in mind, that any child who complains of pains in its joints has almost certainly got acute rheumatism, and the heart is in grave danger of suffering irreparable damage. Such a child may appear to ail but little, yet its temperature ought to be taken at once, and, if raised in the slightest degree, the child should be sent to bed and the doctor called in. Neglect to do so is responsible for most of those ex- tremely sad cases of heart disease in young children with all its prolonged suffering and premature death.—Dr. Medley Marsh.

Hot Food. Food should be served up, says Dr. Toogood, somewhere about the temperature of the body, between 98 and 100 degrees. It is all right if cold, but if neither hot nor cold it IS very dis- tasteful. He is certain that tea :s yery often taken much too hot by women. Some people take it almost boiling, which is very harmful, as the tissues of the body are not able to stand it. Rest and exercise should be taken before and after meals. It is not advisable for the adult to sleep after a meal. Rest certainly, but not sleep, because the work of the stomach should be largely completed before retiring.

Warts. To remove warts apply strong soda and water for a few days and then paint them with aethereal tincture of tannin. Or, having covered the skin around the wart thickly with lard, ap- ply over the surface of the growth one or two drops of strong hydrochloric or nitric acid; then keep the part covered up until the scab separ- ates. We do not recommend this treatment and advise you to have the warts removed by a doctor.

Hints on the Baby's Food. A regular hour for feeding the baby, is indis- pensable, as feeding it every time it cries is not only bad as a habit, but in time will ruin the child's digestion. Two nursing bottles are necessary, so that they may be kept exquisitely clean; hot water and soap are the best clean- sers. When being fed the baby should be taken from its cradle. It is a bad habit to leave the bottle in bed with a child, as it is apt to fall asleep, and upon waking drink part of the milk cold. Any milk remaining in the bottle should not be warmed up, but fresh milk given each time.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GROWING OF LINSEED FOR FEEDING PURPOSES.

In order that the dairy farmer may produce milk most economically, and realise the maxi- mum return on invested capital, it is imperative that he should (amongst other things) maintain a deep milking strain of cows. As a means to this end the rearing of the heifer calves from his best animals id all-important. Furthermore, is desirable that as large a number as possible of calves of the beef tylie should be reared for fattening purposes. In view of the great and ever-increasing demand for milk, and its conse- quent high price, its use as an economical food for calves is an impossibility. Skim milk may be employed, but a substitute for the fat is necessary. Linseed as a source of easily diges- tible fat at once suggests itself, but at current winter prices it is an expensive food. The ques- tion therefore arises—can the English farmer ' produce linseed at less cost than he can buy it? From experiments which have been conducted, it would appear that this question can be answered in the affirmative. Indeed, there is evidence to show that it may be grown profitably for sale. How this may be done is fully explained in leaflet No. 278, which may be obtained free of charge and post free on application to the Secre- tary, Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, 4, Whitehall-place, London, S.W. Letters of ap- plication so addressed need not be stamped.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
UTILISATION OF CEREAL OFFALS.

- • • -- - -- The Board of Agriculture also draws attention (in special leaflet No. 8) to a number of useful feeding stuffs, some of which have hitherto been largely exported, but which will in all prob- ability now be obtainable in this country at relatively low prices. The feeding stuffs dealt with in this leaflet are :—Wheat bran, sharps and middlings, dried grains, dried yeast, gluten meal and gluten feed, Soya bean cake and meal, cocoanut cake, palmnut cake, and fish meal.

WEATHER AND MILK PRODUCTION. The effect of weather on milk production is worth studying. The extremely sensitive nature of dairy cows is well known to those concerned, and those ignorant of these mysteries may gather the same from the expression of a cow's eye—a faithful recorder of bovine temperament. It is not perhaps generally known to what an extent the very delicate lacteal organs are affected by weather, but some interesting records have shown the chilling and immediate effect of cold wind on the cow's capacity for milk-mak- ing. It is well known, too, that cows can re- tain their milk at will when they deem it well to do so, either from fear or caution when a calf is concerned.—" Agricultural Economist and Horticultural Review."

===== 0002601_19141003_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
POTATO HARVESTING.

There are three ways of lifting potatoes, says "Farm and Home." The most common method is to raise them by the fork, a small piece of the ridge being thrown out, and the potatoes then gathered by women or boys. We prefer this method to any other, as the potatoes are easy to gather, and the digging forms a good preparation of the soil for the succeeding crop. An ordinary plough working as deep as the tubers is sometimes used; this method only par- tially uncovers the potatoes, and the services of the man with the fork have to be requisitioned. The various potato-digging machines throw out the potatoes, which simply require gathering and separating into good and bad. They have been improved of late years, and may now be re- girded as useful helps where there is a large area under the crop. The picking should always be put out by the piece, at so much per sack, M i for s job s easily scamped unless very care- fully supervised. After pickil the field should

===== 0002601_19141003_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
• -••.- --

BARLESS FIRE GRATES. Wood Chimney Pieces, Kitchen Ranges, Tile Panels, New and Artistic Examples now showing.

'PHONE No. 79.

be harrowed and all missed potatoes gathered up. Harvesting must be done only when both the soil and weather are dry, otherwise both the land and crop suffer. After the digging the potatoes should be left for an hour or so before gathering, but on no account must they be left out overnight, for if raik or frost comes on the tubers will soon become rotten. In handling potatoes great care is necessary, for if bruised or knocked about they never keep s 6 well.

J. S. GARLAND 9 51,53 & 55, BRIDGE St WARRINGTON.

THE BELGIAN REFUGEES.

Picture Patrons Extend a Hand. •

===== 0002601_19141003_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM LABOUR.

Any farmer who is experiencing difficulty in obtaining farm hands is recommended to apply to the local Labour Exchange, the address of which can be obtained at any Post Office. The Labour Exchanges are making special efforts to furnish farmers with the means of suitable men and women who have had previous experience in farm work, and all applicants will be inter- viewed and passed by a farmer of standing before they are put into communication with farmers who are in need of them. In notifying their requirements, farmers should state fully the wages and other terms they are prepared to offer, and whether free board and lodging will be provided. They should also state clearly whether the work to be done is unskilled or re- quires special qualifications; whether it can be done by women, and if so, whether suitable accommodation is available for them. If a labourer is sent from a distance his rail- way fare iartay be advanced through the Labour Exchange, subject to an undertaking either on his part or on the part of the farmer, to repay the amount so advanced. If desired, arrange- ments may be made with the labourer, subject to the consent of the farmer, whereby the latter will deduct the sums advanced from the wages and remit the same to the Labour Exchange. Farmers are invited to support a movement which has been started for the purpose of assist- ing them to maintain an adequate supply of labour. •

===== 0002601_19141003_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE GARDEN.

PROTECT THE APPLE TREES. • In visiting gardens, how often do we see that destructive pest, American blight, infesting apple trees. One of the best remedies is a mix- ture known and sold as Woburn wash, which should be freely used wherever this bane of the fruit grower is present. The stems and every portion of the branches on which the American blight is found should be painted over with this, using a half-worn painter's sash tool for the purpose; all the twigs and smaller branches should be sprayed with it. The soil, too, be- neath the trees should be cleared away, and then spray the trees thoroughly. The person who is doing the work should be careful to use gloves, and don some old clothes, as this Woburn wash contains caustic soda. It can be purchased from any horticultural sundriesman ready for dilution. One dressing will probably not be sufficient, and next season, on the first appear- ance of the pest, at once destroy any stray ones that may be found, by brushing the parts of the tree where found with methylated spirit or un- diluted paraffin. A friend of mine, says a writer in " Farm and Home," in the Eastern Counties uses neat's foot oil. This is slightly warmed, and the affected shoots are painted with this.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HARDY ANNUALS FROM AUTUMN-SOWN

_ SEEDS. Those who have never grown hardy annuals from autumn-sown seed have quite failed to realise their worth when so treated. There is no comparison between plants that have been ' sown in the spring and those that have gathered strength, and obtained a firm root-hold from autumn-sown seed. Many do not succeed with autumn-sown annuals, simply because they de- lay sowing until it is too late. This is more ap- parent when the soil is heavy and laden with moisture, therefore cold, and preventing the free growth of the seedlings and their establish- ment before the winter. Such plants, even if they do not perish, are weakly and devoid of the vigour necessary to a full flowering in the com- ing spring. The ground now being warm and fairly moist, seeds may even be sown now with every chance of success.

The most delicious puddings are made with Shredded ATORA Refined Beef Suet. No chopping, ready for use, goes further, sweet and wholesome. Your grocer, sells it. Insist upon having ATORA; ref- -nbstituted

===== 0002601_19141003_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
' STAR ICINEMA SUCCESI

--- grell "help the needy" is an appeal that ,t-0 A, f ails on deaf ears in this country, i and:loeor: s made on behalf of the poor of Belgittlit4oh have suffered as the result of the gallant ',. ea, they have made in the terrible war Tag.i,et7l)l(l: the Continent, it proves simply irresi 00; Small wonder is it, therefore, that the thenviC Relief o arranged in aid of the Belgian should have drawn a big crowd to then, ge Kinema on Tuesday afternoo barel9.3 t.b; being empty, and those present in m cluding, ayor.and Mayoress (Alderman and grel Peacock) and Mr. and Mrs. Arthut Croso, During an interval in the interesto gramme submitted, the Mayor said a fee' no, ' appropriate to the occasion. Ile t had e° 0 lie name of Warrington, he said, to °Ile: ce thank the. proprietors of that hall for toe 0 generous help they were giving to god °too It had been his privilege and pleasure on three previous occasions to thank the-di d re, the noble efforts they were making t° a(iiee i for turning out in such large nurobeM, i'"o tb serving causes. He also thanked the Oa fac which must have been very gratifYill a promoters, and and to Mrs. Pemberton OA give , Broadbent, and the other ladies who het"Dot their services. It was a pity they larger hall, but it was the biggest of ite l present in the town. He could not elope' , too much the public spiritedness of gr., d re.,',, Ad rs. Lightfoot, and of the ladies •whe IT, DO, ered assistance, as well as the staff of teo Ole who foue o had willingly given their services. Pie tickets were disposed of a few daYe be matinee, and that fact had insured tiletelo of poi, 14 the venture. The proprietors had P- t 50 that the tea ought to be sold. (aughter o give tea, but others who knew better % Lej. the money. however, was for a good eteew9as Pla?tse.) The Belgian Relief F11,11,`:„ joe which should have their earnest athet consideration. They had no idea of Belgians were going through, and whe..la re ee n British people did, they could t 10°Pe' 'Ol Belgium for what she had i done. W,ll,lstthe I have happened had not Belgium hee's,„ e 13 :ruins in check? Would our soldiers 'A-1.0 n time? Would the French have ad canoe? Would the Russians progress?, They could not sure tr:er Belgium had rendered. "laßeelagi n we thank s ot Immen kh 0 oaut .r" luck(A with the enemy'," concluded thiel 310ro're ii ) py p 81 at aursse . that W.';

!C*. te

' THE PERFORMANCE' e t ,t1;1 The programme was of unusual inte'fo opening item was an amusing Dietiirej V'V "What father saw," and it atWas`follosc'heoL,,,li• singing of the Belgian National - ° Mrs. A. Booth, the audience staDdi:tgooC;ll while. On each side of the sing!i. li.if small Boy Scouts carrying the 17111°,1ite 4r:" the Belgian flag. A very approPrill reo 01 nn_, in which military men fig ounureo, sly, proved very popular. Entitlea,mone;ber a throne," it told how the heir to f tized to marry the lady of his eti t to ' , n wear the crown and be fettere°T 01' of the State. iti'l hl4l Bioscope pictures of Mr. Harold 6° fere fie" ding Were shown, and were chee re(l• 11.5fielti. h lr portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Cri):;•es,6:11) tures of current events included a ing the ruin which has been NN-rougllt;- t rev' by the Germans. asee ide Mrs. A. Booth was cheered f r her dition of Elgar's flneson le p. e ``l-Ifilitaer`lß'l;eil ftnd glory." Immediately after the mPair _Of Prodigals,,, a clever cota.negary, CO .nuch merriment, and later "The l'cici tlle' le! its solemn story of the world annisafe' t .e(I nunnery, came in for much 514

AMERICA'S " ANsWEP GERMANV:' A VI Plain Statement by

Times-."

farTarshiertifollowingYorklead7 IA aCt i,e, leo ,f which The thlenrioguhrtspoPeflcatllaiarefawtthiaer :b—esmtlineriegli °Pi impelled decent etnot that " kind" a dissolve respect o n 0 ftt holenopcileoe iPoiet;i jell:el:1o,, i :lc :fife 9:: required u s to declare the ;Pod Germany,stotLoaietia; States. aslctpspobret through of united us with the Mother CO "Let justice of our cause the submittedhtehr e menp e ot oopf9:lo7:ithbtlitOroe, Lang," has appealed for the WO; the We have given our ansWer. "flie d their wish, for they asked oare7sl thoieemsnooitirremsoprounldstuopptloiretir. hoPe, silic tifc able to give them our syrepatb9 °f A,r 14141 1 'The answer has been given t numerable voices of public opiniept, old the Germans that in our indgfeetive,, was unreasonably harsh and Prn-e a l!,' demands upon Serbia; that conviction that their great FinPel:"„ OP of a wrong against civilisation 'Oil the Austrian demands and the Ansie il of action; that he was wrong Ifeerol3l holding assent from the peaoeftl.',;, Iti Sir Edward Grey, in which Fran:o,oo Russia joined; that it was 11 in°,', the 1 to send the German troops acr°brest . frontier; and that, inasmuch as France and Russia have taken urea ° fence of political ideals which have tbeoli against autocratic and militarist Co t designs which we hold in abhorren to if pathy and moral support we denYte a till nd to Austria are freely gi/e°Gero3' This is the answer we make tofeetiogs expresses the beliefs and the sofee / whole American people, save oral „eter' . 0 whose judgment is subject to the P ence of the ties of kindred. Or jt ;;ce, Since the Germans have askeclin f:rit• reil,V we must suppose that they' c9.";:itoat Pthe'i,ol'e to reasoned opinion, altogether VrD hoe,, because for the German peoPle we 00°' ei't of est esteem and respect. Is it 0°,101°,4 that the judgment of this great P°7oll 9 The ' some weight in Germany. • what we say and feel cannot too late. The clash of tirnis, the voice of friendly counsel. hope that some, at least, of Germany, the minds of men -led to the terrible ideals -uaded to re-exuraffle and to inhuire af - for which she, a war in d will be inm°' inion is quite to' ~ue warring forces toody arbitrament, - of war have :01 -ly into vier opinions We influence tl Peace wi4.'

er AI t

afresh

be e:‘„rreie, "4.0 rit 'of cc"ipss' rtls`i ' j3at t 0104301 Li bsuebpdeart.sn, 't.he gregot 14 oit, vilio f!lorisel'odf,-,8 f 0111 10 c 'o' ":' aerte jOthe tile. to th,eliot 04 of action ,sb 111 9 'sr 111° # t War. v 01 tie° of the causes ,0, „non, ~,ie, tot' progress of a Al 5° 'My t'-'pe 'of ea are engaged [one it to OeD ili,, public opir too elucoll tb foffecr But as tb es gllP7iee °chicle' the \blc it, and Pr0"10 iliill Sftellohjir:anti ) ert: t CI 1Wiheaceiesne:::t;iat:1::::::1:11111Vel 11:1:1:111:511:1"11':Cii el tile:11:;:::e:41' ini:51:11:: : €el i t •r• i45A5 trAell:: I CAN'T BEAR -° •ost° ' fiif i . i<eeP In (Al' - CHILD CR,I• ,„ sopu s hey, in order and yoti Wl'oect tie/ o'o dif,t3 0 temper improVed tc)T rosrl' • 0, stee is .ot ~ seems irritable, els, ied,, Powder. Nothing ss ip sto the good. Observe , , ' , _

===== 0002601_19141003_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PEARSOn & KNOWLES/ AJIXIOUS YEAR

Dividend of Five Per Cent. and Large

Reserves.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIGHT PROSPECTS.

To Re-Capture Iron Trade From Germany.

J. 8 . Harmood Banner, M.P., presided at the tinual meeting of the Pearson and I,,newl.s Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., held at .4"arrington on Tuesday. Year ended June 30th, so that it was not affected .y war conditions, yet it had been an anxi°us" time, the volume of trade in all departments having steadily declined, and D in rites having been low and unremunerative. jew of the existing circumstances, special ttcenti on was paid to the reserve funds; and a tiulbstantial provision was made for assisting dePendants of the employes of the firm on ,scetive service. ,osPects are improved by the fact that the ~:adied works" at Partington are now in full 13"kin(1 order, and are able largely to kuPPIY the material needed by Pearson and and Rylands Bros., which formerly came from abroad. dividend of five per cent. on ordinary shares Was declared.

111 Z a,„,ttendance, besides the Chairman, in J. J. Bleckly (deputy chairman), Mr. ter Itylands, Mr. Herbert S. Bleckly, Mr. J. tors=sf,3:, lun., Major H. Harmood Banner, direr- her ' A. Brotherton, secretary; and a num- of shareholders.

pel,heed Ch FROM THE REPORT. r points in the report (which ap- *else ,_.... in full in last week's " Examiner ") ufits for the year ended June 30th, A;98,812 balance brought forward from last year, "lii:4B 6s. 2(1.; together, £118,361 2s. 3d. rikte directors recommended a dividend at the secoti°l six per cent, per annum on the first and 404 Preference shares and five per cent. per ti t4lllll. un the ordinary shares, a total distribu- Th4.3' 460,699 13s. 9d. k.OL directors further recommended that 47,) be added to the reserve fund, raising it Psserv:'s,6o; that ..t.10,000 be placed to a specia iund; that the sum of £13,450 15s. Bd., rn represents the expenditure on capital for the year, and £2,368 us. sd.—the ”I issuing the new bonds—be written off, 16,a balance of .821,842 is. sd. to be carried

het

The ito,l i.t consolidated balance sheet showed a total I,B3o:eand liabilities and property and assets! 175. 9d., incorporating the assets and `les of Bylands Bros., Ltd., as certified by 11' auditors.

for the present year are very good. (Hear, hear)

PRESENT HEAVY RESPONSIBILITIES. A Big Wage Bill. . _

As regards the future, I cannot do better than read the clause in the report, both as to the advantages we are now reaping from new work of the Partington Steel and Iron Co., Ltd., and also the trouble we have to face in consequence of the reduction of labour due to the war and general dislocation of trade : " The position and prospect of this section of the company's business have, however, under- gone a remarkable change since the war broke out, and the sudden cessation of German com- petition has already proved beneficial in many directions. Some loss and great inconvenience was at first experienced by the total failure, without any notice, of all foreign supplies of raw material, which were largely in use at the works, but, fortunately, this company had 'at its disposal the ample resources of the allied works of the Partington Steel and Iron Co., Ltd., now in full operation, otherwise at least one-half of the ironworks and wire mills would have been closed down for an indefinite period. The general dislocation of trade and the scaileity of labour due to the war are at the present moment causes of much anxiety and trouble, and it is imuossible to forecast the immediate future." Yoar directors have a heavy duty to perform this year. In the first place, we have to keep our works going for the good of our employes, and when I tell you that the total number of men employed last year was 10,465, and our wages paid £772,355, you will understand what responsibility rests upon us to do our uest in continuing work. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAIRMAN'S SURVEY. 11le Value of the Partlnton Steel

Works.

8., 14' CnAtuadArt, moving the adoption of the volt balance sheet, said: To-day is a time a ii7tion and not for words. I will, however. 111 snail, go through the balance sheet. You 14t rietice on the capital and liabilities side the subscribed capital remains the same.

THE NEED FOR PRUDENCE. fund shows an improvement of ihi,Er9. to be further increased by a transfer tio4/".l' of £20,000. I would draw your atter).- ittirqt%the fact that the amount of the reserve 1441-°1 is about equal to the amount of the r,"'o itcs 4111(.1 investment account. ,„4-qU'ittptiB4, have been increased by £152,600. the year we have paid up our calls duel 1 n"llinavy shares. of the Partington Ste! 1,5* ul'l-111 Cu. Ltd.. and the whole £250,000 is 'Os beef Paid'. The money received from loan h,1,1 Utilised for this purpose. The deben- i„ 4 -" - ItYB Bros., •la d B Ltd , are as last Year. 14 ri l'/8 %int due to creditors s considerably it 01, i 64 0111 e. gto the reduction in the company' n s lid,rt."B at the 30th June, referred to in the

btbbjc Profit aml loss account shows a profit t i of t',°ashrt2o,ooo less than last year, though s 112 "'ably better than the profit made in It; 14's yane°ltisequence of present circumstances, we 4,,a4C„4"„iiig a prudent distribution out of this 4•014,-"u are increasing our reserves. 4 eentingent liability on bills discounted °rdinary matter of trading. On the >ert„ ' and assets side of the balance sheet iz'aehi-r4 of freehold and leasehold properties, 4let3' and plant is kept about the same 5,0,• riatwitlistanding the cost of additions. Ili i-rve fund investment account consistsi;al,ll-4:ll,v_st.tnents of the company in the Moss Vlgan Junction Collieries the Part- • Steel and Iron Co., shares and sundry :`4o,l„lavestinents. 'The mine rents suspense ~ ,114 shows a slight increase. The new bond 4N% 'll)eoses account will be written off this I",a!ilt.iastdeej has decreased in consequence of our ti.bgct certain supplies of steel fr,om, our I,IPEN 22'uue Works instead of having to Keep "'aka and billets which was necessary 49)to' D'in'allases were made from abroad. Sundry li %.re less in consequence of decreased 111,e and cash and bills in hand and at rs • ' 's More resulting from the profits made °lg the year,

jii,,, COAL PROFITS DOWN. :.PaSt year has been an anxious ktr?roo,'„' from one, the remark in the report,that s 3roill the --,Y's trade in all its departments had 11it14411,Y declined. The coat trade shows a con- °lir .ale increase in receipts for coal sold at all Of Ilis'ollieries. The increase of wages and cost libi..,:rial required for the purpose of the col- tl 'ogre than absorbed this increase, and thEo.,7 co,ilieries with a considerably less profit L 2 44it's1411 'ne previous year—in fact, ourcoa 1q8.6t Year represented an increase of ..£ls , 8931, 'tp 14 -€llr wages were „t 26,131 up, and the cost _ roials £1,488, leaving a decreased Profit lo lighlY £lOOO9 k4swtho Noi Moss --., a uss 'Hall Colliery, in which, as you ~1 Rave large interest, we are slow i,mteli;%lig the Position in 9 which we occupied before t we-4011_ unateaecident in August, 1908, and t. (lebe'to to redeem yearly a k 4 certain number 11'Whiltaresi which were in existence been tthn 4%131e f 44 "lye purchased, this company however, 4 14' aPon our r funds. tvery effort, h n . - e, Ilg Inade to make the colliery more profit - IN 1 NRING TRADE SATISFACTORY. velClltir tri J.aPanese Government Order. l),IINB ~111 leering trade (including ti le trade in thNuesB4ll(.l axles. in which we do a large '" e wirh all the principal wagon builders in l(eo, ouot Ll' has been satisfactory. It has a 1 ~,st Ord to show in the large and splendid iO7ttm-illaro lq.nd steel P lant which we uave 11,15 ;dltrld which 's nowi satisfactory work- „"tl(l44-'" at Paritingn ton. This is .a 4t most :INStA %Id 4-to-date steel works plant. and _ 3rle alto(_4egether. abOld 11,000 tons of the engineering itier mi litc4k•ed tae'3B in connection with this plant +l,• l' fa,. e JaPanese Government to give us an P.(NI la' 4 Silllilar blast furnace in Japan' "44 r3-' arid I 1"-Illit 118 been conlpid. and sent out to j that. las given every satisfaction. (Ap te,kll t),leit wit'4.ll,lr attention to these facts in con- our engineering work, as natio- tl,t;'oa to'oquire fresh orders, and we have I,,Ptigt ..._4(lvertise the satisfactory turnout or ?ki 40 4 'York. kt:ils, wZainder of our, iron works has done , 10't low thOUgh we have had to compete NZ htt aud unremunerative prices. l'i, ' tf It evc'ry reason to be satisfied with the i 4 ,k li ~esers. Thylands Bros., Ltd. kft ,k 4za-Liagton :steel and Iron Co., Ltd., was 141,,Ptic,tel):1iMental stage up to June 30th, and the ,4" firdll eed material were abnormally tt,,14 d4trospeets were not promising. Since Itiltl.l!etehtile Market values of the company's well , ',ltit _ave increased, and as the plant is now uP to expectation the prospects

===== 0002601_19141003_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP FOR .SOLDIER-EMPLOYES.

We feel that it is our duty to assistilwives and families of those of the company's workmen in all our departments, who have joined Lord Kitchener's Army, the Territorials and Reservists. We are setting aside, as you Will observe by the resolution which is to be pr0.t5,000 .t5,000 for that purpose, and our men pro- posed, have agreed to join us and to make a levy on their wages to supplement this fund. We are very grateful to our men for doing this, as it will mean that those who are now fighting or preparing to fight during the war, will feel that their wives and families are provided with some- thing more than the allowance paid by Govern- ment. (Applause.) We are also forming committees of our own men to assist in the distribution of the fund, in order that such distribution may be made with as much sympathy and generosity as is possible to all requiring it. And finally we have the duty of endeavouring to make sufficient profits to pay a moderate dividend to our shareholders. (Hear, hear.) The thrifty who have saved, and perhaps having re- tired from active work from age or other causes, and are now dependent on the income from their savings, will feel the pinch of this war. It is _ _ _

_ impossible that profits should remain every- where as in a time of peace, and therefore, when it is possible, with every consideration of good finance and sufficient reserves to make a distri- bution of dividend, your directors consider that it is their duty to endeavour to do so, and they will work hard for this purpose. I beg to move the adoption of the report and statement of accounts. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CAPTURE GERMAN IRON

TRADE. Local Output May Double.

Mr. J. J. BLECKLY, seconding, agreed that this was a time for deeds rather than words, but it was necessary to draw attention to one or two matters that were apt to be overlooked. _ _

A common cry, he said, is that trade has gone to the dogs, and has been irrevocably ruined all over the world and will never recover. At the present moment, of course, all is chaos—the. great bulk of the export trade in iron and steel of all kinds cannot actually at the moment be worked at all; advanced first costs, impossible conditions of exchange, war risks and war freights so enormously enhance prices to the consumer abroad—who in many eases is hampered by old contracts that he cannot fulfil —that absolute collapse is the result, and ex- port merchants on this.eide cannot safely operate at all. This state of things must of necessity continue for some time to come, and in fact until the probable course of the war can be forecasted with some degree of certainty. When that time conies, presuming, as we are bound to do, that the British Fleet continues to hold the sea and that our troops are billeted in Berlin, what are the prospects for the British iron trade? The whole export trade of the world may be estimated at 14,000,000 tons; Germany and Bel- gium appropriate 7,000,000 tons, Great Britain 5,000,000 tons, and America 2,000,000 tons. The probable and almost certain result of the Kaiser's action will be, on a reasonable esti- mate, to reduce Germany's exports of iron and steel by at least one-half, or by 3,000,000 tons, which will give Great Britain and America the opportunity of increasing their export by some- thing like 50 per cent. The result of such a change it is impossible to calculate, but it must add enormously to their prosperity. (Hear, hear.)

But to come a little nearer home—the actual imports into Great Britain itself, mainly from Germany, of the commodities made in the com- pany's own works, and of which they are the largest producers in this country, that is to say, iron bars, hoops and strips, wire rods and finished wire, were last year 421,000 tons, or three times the whole production of the Pearson and Knowles works, which totalled 140,000 tons of these specialities. If these imports into our home market should fall off even 50 per cent.— and they ought properly to cease altogether— the additional demand on Pearson and Knowles for home trade alone might easily be doubled to the great advantage of their workmen and their shareholders. (Hear, hear.) This process would not mean capturing German trade, but resuming our own old trades filched from us by German interlopers, not by fair competition and superior methods, but by the aid of export boun- ties and subsidised steamships, which have ruined much of our business. This I am con- vinced is a sober estimate of what is before us, and almost certain to happen so soon as the German dumping incubus is removed and we have a free hand. I remember the 1870 war and what resulted from it—the effect of this war must be incalculably greater. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. RYLANDS AND PRESENT ANXIETIES.

Spring Prospects.

The CommAx moved: "That the usual divi- dend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum on the first and second preference shares, and a divi- dend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum on the ordinary shares—all less tax—for the half-year ending 30th June last, be paid forthwith," Mr. W. PETER RYLANDS, in seconding, said The present moment is one of very great diffi- culty and anxiety. We, as mentioned in the re- port, Wave been in the habit of getting large supplies of raw material from the Continent, and upon them we made contracts for a supply of finished wire and other goods. The interrup- tion of these supplies naturally lands us in the unfortunate position of having commitments for which we have no cover. Then we have a large number of our men going to join the colours. We are pleased that it should be so. In Rylands Bros. we have lost something like 300 or more of our men, and they are still going. This is, of course, very satisfactory from a national point of view, but their places are hard to fill. The enlistment all over the country has created a great shortage in the labour market, and it is only with great difficulty we have gradually found men to take the places of those who have left us. Then, again, we get fur-

===== 0002601_19141003_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1914.

ther loss because it naturally takes some time before the men we do get obtain the experience that is necessary for efficient work. There is also the interruption of the export trade, upon which we are so dependent. At Bylands Bros. about half of our trade is for ex- port, and owing to the causes referred to—the difficulties of freight, the war risks and high prices—the flow of the export trade has been checked altogether. But while that is the posi- tion—and it is a very difficult one—we must reflect that the world's commerce has to be car- ried on. The consumers in our colonies want their wiw, iron and galvanised roofs as much now as ever, and this interference with the flow of trade is likely to result in an extra flow of trade when the dammed up trade gets released— I (hear, hear)—and when commerce gets into a more normal condition. And so it is that, while the present is a time full of anxiety, I personally hold the view that if the war proceeds, as we may hope, in a satisfactory manner from our point of view, that the world's commerce may be expected to get into a more normal condition during the next few months, and that as a result in the spring we ought to see a consider- able increase in the activity of our trade. (Hear, hear.) For the moment, as I have said, the time is one of difficulty and anxiety, and what we as directors are most immediately con- cerned with is to keep the works going and to give as much employment as we can to the men left at home. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The resolution was carried.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLDIERS' DEPENDANTS.

The CHAIRMAN submitted the following resolu- tion: "That the sum of £5,000 be placed at the disposal of the directors to be used at their discretion for the purpose of assisting the wives and families of those of this company's work- men who have joined Kitchener's Army and the Territorials and Reservists." Sir Harmood added that there was nothing they would do that day that would give them greater pleasure than to ,pass the resolution he had just sub- mitted. They had as a nation a very terrible enemy to face, an enemy whose methods in countries on the Continent showed what would be done in this country if, unhappily, Germany was successful in the war, and came across to these shores. Therefore every sympathy and every aid they could offer ,should be offered to those workmen who were leaving trade and doing a greater and a nobler work on the Con- tinent. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. JOHN J. BLECRLY seconded, and the pro- position was carried.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENTS AND THANKS.

Mr. RYLANDS moved, and Major BANNER sec- onded, and it was carried, that Mr. John Bleckly, jun., be re-elected a director.

Messrs. Blease and Sons were re-appointed auditors for the ensuing year at a remuneration of ..t3OO.

Mr. El. S. BUCKLE moved: "That the best thanks of this meeting be given to the secretary, managers and other officers of the company at their ironworks and collieries for their services during the past year." Major BANNER, in seconding, and speaking for the officials of the collieries, said that 500 of their workmen had already joined the military forces, and more were leaving. That, of course, would mean a limitation of output. The staff had worked splendidly, in face of difficulties, during the past 12 months and the thanks of the share- holders were due to them. (Applause.) The vote was heartily accorded. Sir J. S. HARMOOD ,BANNER, replying to a vote of thanks passed to him with enthusiasm, said this was about the thirtieth year since he be- came a member of the Board of Directors, and he had now been Chairman of the company for a great many years. Whilst it was, perhaps, saddening to see some of the familiar faces be- coming older, they felt proud to know that there were young men coming up—Blecklys, Rylands, and Banners—who, they hoped, would eventually fin their posts and do their duty equally well to the company. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. ASQUITH IN DUBLIN.

Great Irish Recruiting Meeting.

" You will remember your great reception in Dublin when you came to promise the Home Rule Bill. It will be nothing to the reception which you will get when you come after the Bill is passed into law."

These were the words reported to have been addressed by the Lord Mayor of Dublin to the Premier, when the latter suggested speaking in the four capitals of the United Kingdom. The prediction was fulfilled when Mr. Asquith visited Dublin on Friday. Mr. Asquith spoke from a platform which contained the leaders of the Nationalist Parlia- mentary party, the Nationalist Lord Mayor of Dublin, his Majesty's Lieutenant for the city and county, and delegates from the committee of the Irish Unionists' Alliance. Among the earliest arrivals were Lord Ashbourne and Mr. T. W. Russell, Mr. Swift• Mac Neill, General Hill, General Grenfell, Mr. John O'Connor, Lord Desert, Professor Mahaffy, and the High Sheriff of Dublin.

Nationalist Volunteers in uniform assisted the stewards during the time of waiting for the principal speakers, and rockets were fired frogt the roof. When the Lord Mayor (Mr. Coun- cillor Sherlock) was observed leading the proces- sion from the Mayor's parlour, the whole audi- ence rose, and broke into a tremendous round of cheers. The procession comprised in order Lady Aberdeen, Lord Aberdeen, Mrs. Asquith, Mr. Asquith, Miss Asquith,. Mr. Birrell, Mr. McKenna, Lord Crewe, Lord Pirrie, Mr. Red- mond, Mr. Devlin and Mr. T. Lough. An enthusiastic meeting followed, Mr. Asquith making one of his finest speeches, and the audi- ence showing unmistakably that Ireland stands with the Government in the defence of the rights of small nations.

Mr. Asquith announced that the first contin- gent of Indian troops landed at Marseilles the day before.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ITCHING BURNING ON HANDS.

2, Wenfield Cottages, High-street, Aylesbury, Bucks., Eng.—" It was about four years ago that my arms from the elbows downward began to be red and inflamed and then began to itch. They got so bad that I scratched until they bled and then they seemed to start a small fester. They seemed to gradually get worse and my hands and arms were bandaged up. The backs of my hands were nothing but deep raw cuts, and bled as soon as ever I moved them. I could hardly do my work. I gave up all hoPe of ever being cured as -my hands and arms were never free from cuts and ,cracks. •

"My husband read of cures by the Cuticura Remedies and advised me to try them, so I sent for a free sample of Cuticura Soap and Oint- ment. They seemed to cool my hands and arms from the first. I washed them in the Cuticura Soap and warm water and then put on the Oint- ment after drying them. They did so much good that I bought more and now my hands are as soft as ever, free from cuts and itching burning pains which for four years I was never free from." (Signed) Mrs. D. Matthews, Jan. 23, 1914. Although Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by chemists throughout the world, a sample of each with 32-p. Skin Book will be sent post-free upon request. Address post-card : F. Newbery and Sons, 27, Charterhouse-square, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
AID FOR BELGIUM.

Loan Without Interest.

Mr. Lloyd George, speaking at Criceieth last week-end, said: Last Wednesday the Belgian Chancellor came to see me. We had business to transact. There was no country more per- severing, industrious, and thrifty than Belgium. To this was their wealth due, but now they have not money to buy bullets. France and we agreed to find them the money—France 10 millions and we another 10. I went to the market on a certain Wednesday to secure sov- ereigns for Belgium, and instead of 10 millions I was readily offered 40, and the Bank was wil- ling to let me have even more. The loan will be without interest. (Cheers.) The Belgian Chancellor thanked me, but it is we who are under a debt of gratitude to his brave little country (Cheers.) You will be surprised to know that for every one Belgian soldier lost on the battlefield three unoffending innocent people were ruthlessly killed in that country.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FIGHTInG TYE WYITE PLAGUE.

New Use Suggested for Sankey Sanatorium.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FIFTY BEDS FOB CONSUMPTIVES.

Nearly 400 Cases of Tuberculosis in the Town.

There are at present close upon four hundred persons in the Borough of Warrington suffering from that fell disease consumption, in its varying forms, and proper sanatorium accom- modation for the more serious of the cases has been a long-felt need. Temporarily, use has been made of the Smallpox Hospital at Sankey, but for several reasons, not the least of which is that it is not big enough, the accommoda- tion afforded by that building has been found unsatisfactory, and, accordingly, application has been made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to a loan of ..t4,i65 for the extension of the building, so that it shall be capable of affording beds for fifty patients instead of twenty-two and shall be permanently adapted to the purpose of fighting the deadly White Plague, which, annually, claims its thousands of pain-racked victims in this coun- try. Situated in an isolated position, the building at Sankey was admirably/ adapted for coping with smallpox in epidemic form, but it has been long felt by the public authority to whom such matters are entrusted that the more crying need was a sanatorium in which con- sumptives could be treated, for consumption, in its varying forms, is a species of infection that a community always has with it, whilst outbreaks of smallpox are sporadic. At the same time, of course, provision must be made to cope with so dire an epidemic disease, should it unhappily visit the town, and it is therefore Proposed by the Town Council, subject to the consent of the Local Government Board, to utilise a site on the Pear Tree Farm, adjoining the north-eastern boundary of Orford Park, and belonging to the town, for the purpose of putting up a new building in which to treat such smallpox cases as may occur. Sanction to carry out the proposed altera- tions was sought from the Local Government Board, and on Tuesday they sent down one of their Inspectors, Mr. Miles B. Arnold, to hold a public inquiry into the matter. The inquiry was held in the Town Hall, and was attended, in addition to the Inspec- tor, by Mr. A. T. Hallaway (deputy town clerk), Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Aldermen Evans and Smethurst, Councillors Pemberton and Gough (Warrington Corpora- tion), Mr. J. C. Sutton (clerk), Mr. B. S. New- combe (surveyor) and Mr. F. Kerfoot (inspec- tor) for the Rural District Council. The applications were taken separately, that for the loan being dealt with first.

SANKEY AIR GOOD FOR CONSUMPTIVES. The Deputy Town Clerk said the first portion of the application had to do with extensions in the building that was originally erected for the Smallpox Hospital at Sankey. As the Inspector was no doubt aware, the present building was opened in 1903 as a Smallpox Hospital, and it was used as such, occasionally, up to 1907, when the Corporation utilised it for a short time in treating a few cases--say, five or six in the first year—of tuberculosis. The Corporation then found that the treatment was so successful and that the air at . Sankey seemed so peculiarly fitted for the purposes of that treatment that they decided to extend the building and make it more useful. In 1911, having obtained the sanction of the Local Gov- ernment Board, the Corporation used the whole of the premises as a sanatorium, with the result that Warrington was one of the few towns in the country who were able to give sanatorium benefit when the Insurance Act first came into operation. It was unnecessary for him to point out the great assistance and help that that had been to the community as a whole, but they now found that the accom- modation at Sankey was not sufficient for the requirements of the town. In the old Small- pox Hospital they were not able to accommo- date more than 22 persons at once, and during the last year 76 people were treated, which meant that the beds were full, persons occupy- ing them for periods of three or four months, and during the whole time there were at least 30 or 35 persons on the "waiting list," who should have been taken into some sanatorium and treated at once. He thought that made it abundantly clear that at the present time the accommodation was not sufficient for the num- ber of cases there were in Warrington.

tution to be used for the treatment of persons inside and outside the town? MANY UNINSURED PATIENTS.

The Medical Officer.: Inside the town, for the ratepayers of this borough. I may say that almost half the cases of tuberculosis are uninsured and cannot be treated by the Insur- ance Committee. .

Councillor Gough : What accommodation would meet the requirements of the borough for smallpox cases? The Medical Officer: About 16 beds, and I think that is about the number the Local Gov- ernment Board advise us to have. Councillor Gough : Do you think it is to the advantage of the borough to alter this build- ing? The Medical Officer • • Most decidedly. • . .

Mr. Hallaway : It is not the doctor's opinion, but the suggestion of the Local Government Board that there should be 16 beds.

Councillor Pemberton: Do you think it bet- ter to alter the hospital, which was built for the treatment of quite a different disease to tuberculosis, rather than build a new one to deal with tuberculosis? The Medical Officer: Under the circumstances I do.

Councillor Pemberton: I- am asking you as a doctor. You surely do not mean to suggest that a building which has been altered is as suitable as a new one?

The Medical Officer: In this case I do. Sankey is suitable for the patients.

Councillor Pemberton: There are no proper health-giving properties at Sankey. The Afedical Officer: We could not have better results wherever we treated the patients. We are treating them under the same condi- tions that they will have when they go back to work. It is not necessary to have a pine forest!

__ . Councillor Pemberton: Any locality round here is as good as Sankey. That place has no special health-giving properties. The Medical Officer: It has shown it has, and we have not tried any other place.

CURATIVE PROPERTIES OF SANKEY

ATMOSPHERE.

Councillor Pemberton: You do not tell me that the atmosphere at Sankey cures the dis- ease?

-- The Medical Officer: There is nothing to show to the contrary. Councillor Pemberton: Will it cost less to build a new hospital for 16 beds than the present building cost? The Surveyor: I had nothing to do with the previous hospital. We know it cost £lO,OOO. Councillor Pemberton: What is your esti- mate now for a new one?

The Surveyor: About £5,000 or £6,000, exclu- sive of site. But, of course, it depends on what the Local Government Board ask us to do. The present building is an elaborate one, Councillor Pemberton: I cannot see why we are going to change this hospital if it is going to cost all this money. Councillor Gough: Is it the intention, if this extension takes place, that you should have a resident attendant there? The Medical Officer: Yes.

Councillor Pemberton: I wish to point out most emphatically that when this was brought before the General Purposes Committee I cer- tainly distinctly understood that the Local Gov- ernment Board were going to accept a very tem- porary sort of building for the treatment of smallpox, and that it would only have to be built as necessity arose. I would like to call your attention to a report that was given to the Council in which it was stated that the borough would be required by the Local Government Board to supply a smallpox hospital in lieu of the Sankey Sanatorium, and that the Local Government Board would be satisfied with a small inexpensive building. Mr. Hallaway : We still hope that.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Bigger Sanatorium Necessary.

- - They had 374 known cases at the present time in the borough, all of them needing treat- ment. Of course, it would be quite possible to treat twice the number of cases if they kept patients in the sanatorium half the length of time, but he might point out that their con- tention was that the cases they had treated at the present time could not be kept in the length of time that was necessary, and that if they were to give adequate treatment it was absolutely essential that the hospital should be extended to the minimum at least of 50 beds. That was what they proposed to do. After detailing the various alterations pro- posed, Mr. Hallaway said the estimated cost was £4,765, as against .t 5,055 which was the figure originally submitted to the Board. The Inspector: The Surveyor thinks that will not be exceeded? Mr. Hallaway : That is the estimate of the Surveyor, and it is not expected to be exceeded. I would draw your attention to a letter of May 4, in which we asked for ,Z,055 for the alterations for the Sanatorium and £1,200 for a Smallpox Hospital. The Corporation do not, however, propose to proceed with the inquiry in so far as it affects the proposed Smallpox Hospital. The estimate of £4,765 reduces the amount applied for by about .t2BO. The Medical Officer said the alterations were necessary because they treated all cases of the disease, and they wanted each case sep- arated. Under the present conditions they had frequently to discharge cases which they would have liked to have kept. In 1913 they treated 76 cases, with 22 beds, and upon that basis, with 50 beds, they would be able to treat 175 cases. There were about 374 persons in the town suffering from pulmonary tuber- culosis.

Councillor Gough: Can the .Medical Officer give us any reason why this change is asked for—from a Smallpox Hospital to a Sana- torium?

The Medical Officer They are quite different diseases we are treating. Councillor Gough: Do you think that is suffi- cient reason for the change?

===== 0002601_19141003_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTREMELY GOOD RESULTS.

The Medical Officer: I do, from the results of treatment out there. They have been ex- tremely good, and I do not think we could get a better site anywhere in the neighbourhood for the treatment of these cases. That has been proved this last five or six years. Councillor Gough: Was this place not suc- cessful in treating smallpox cases? The Medical Officer: There has not been such an amount of smallpox as to necessitate a place like this. There has not been a case in the borough since 1906. This building would have been dropping to pieces had it not been used for other cases.

Councillor Gough: If it is essential to get a Sanatorium, what about a new one?

The Medical Officer: The nucleus Was already there and we have used it.

Councillor Gough: Is there any prior claim for the treatment of tuberculosis in preference to smallpox? The Medical Officer: There is at present. Councillor Gough: If we make this change will it be essential to have a separate hospital in another district?

The Medical Officer: Yes. Councillor Gough: Honestly speaking, do you think that this will be an advantage to this borough?

The Medical Officer: I am absolutely certain it will be.

Councillor Gough: I suppose you know what I know, that the National Insurance Act has made provision for tuberculosis? The Medical Officer: There are 182 insured and 124 insured persons suffering from this disease in the borough. Councillor Gough: Do yo it intend this insti-

===== 0002601_19141003_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW HOSPITAL v. ADAPTATION.

Councillor Pemberton : Of course, the differ- ence between what I and other members thought and what actually is the case, would have prompted me to do anything in my power to have stopped it going on. If we are going to spend .66,000 for a hospital with 16 beds, the more practical way, to my mind, would have been to spend the money on a new hospital for the treatment of tuberculosis. That would have been far better and more provision would have been made than by adapting another building. I complain most about the slight information we have received. I venture to say emphatic- ally that had the Town Council known that any- thing like £6,000 was going to be expended on a smallpox hospital this application would never have been made.

- --- Councillor Gough: I object th this application. I don't think it is safe to be without a smallpox hospital. The Inspector: There is no such suggestion. Councillor Gough : If we consider the inter- ests of the public we shall not change it. The Inspector: I should think the Board would object to anything which would leave you un provided. Councillor Pemberton: There has not been a smallpox hospital since 1910. Mr. Hallaway : Oh, yes! The arrangement is that the cases will have to go out if there are any cases of smallpox. The Inspector: I don't think that enters into it. We will now proceed with the second part of the application.

NEW SMALLPDX HOSPITAL NECESSARY.

Mr. Hallawny: We have not made official ap- plication for sanction in regard to this, but asked that you or someone else should come and look at the site and let the Health Committee know the Board's views on the matter, before they put it before the Council. It will be neces- sary for the Corporation to provide accommoda- tion for the treatment of smallpox cases else- where, in lieu of the hospital at Sankey. The original suggestion was to use a small field be- longing to the Corporation to the east of the presentl sanatorium, but when the details were gone into it was not deemed advisable. The present site was a farm which had belonged to the Corporation since they took over the water- works from the Warrington Waterworks Co. in 1891.

Mr. H. P. Mortimer said it would have been a help to them if they had received notice sooner. They had had no chance to discuss the matter.

Mr. Hallaway explained that the application for a loan in respect of a smallpox hospital had been withdrawn, and that the Local Govern- ment Board informed them that an inspector would visit the site. After that they got notice that an inquiry would be held into that pro- posal. They posted the notices at once, and wrote to the Local Government Board pointing out that they had not asked for an inquiry. There had been no intention to try and get the matter through quietly. Mr. Mortimer: I don't suggest that.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A SENTIMENTAL OBJECTION.

Mr. Mortimer: Our objection is chiefly a sen- timental one. We own a lot of land adjoining the site. The Inspector; Is that Orford Park? Mr. Mortimer: Our land adjoins Orford Park.

Mr. G. Smith, a property Owner in the dis- trict, said he considered the site most unsuitable for any kind of hospital. He knew the site well, and there was not more than one foot of soil before they came to clay. It was a natural basin of water. When the air was clear in the town there were fogs in the district where the site was. It was water-logged, and it was abso- lutely necessary that a Local Government Board official should view it before sanctioning the loan.

Mr. Hallaway : That is so. Mr. Smith : I object to any hospital being built on that side of the town because the main winds

are westerly and bring the smells from the depot, a tannery, and another works. This site might be suitable for a works, but never for a hospital. Mr. Hallaway having explained that the Health Committee had intimated to the Rural District Council that they would provide accom- modation for patients from that area if re- quested, Councillor Pemberton expressed his surprise at this and said he was a member of the Council in question, and had heard nothing about that as yet. Mr. Hallaway : The Health Committee are ready and willing to do it, and no doubt the Council will agree to the same thing. Councillor Pemberton: It has been my ex- perience that the Council don't always see eye to eye with their committees. The Inspector: I have noted your point. Councillor Pemberton: The question of this site has not been before the Council. lam very pleased the Local Government Board has acted the way it has.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOST SUITABLE SITE.

The Medical Officer: In 1895 the Medical Officer said that this was a most suitable site; that it had a good aspect and suitable sub-soil. The land has been drained since then.

The Surveyor: It has been put in satisfactory condition for the tenant of the farm. Sewage would be dealt with similarly to that at Sankey. Mr. C. Gerosa (assistant overseer for Win- wick-with-Hulme) said that the people in his district objected to the application on account of the short notice. All the property-owners in the neighbourhood of Orford were complaining. After further questions, The Surveyor said he was not aware that the land had been flooded at all. Mr. Smith: There is only "Grannies' Brook" to drain it all.

Councillor Gough : I object to the change. The Inspector: I have got you down for that. Councillor Gough: I think this land is too low- lying. If I wanted to go to a health resort I should not choose to go there. Mr. Hallaway : You are not going to a health resort when you go to a smallpox hospital. (Laughter.).

• Mr. Mortimer: I object on account of the drainage. lam not satisfied. I also think that it would stop the natural expansion of the town in the direction of Orford.

Councillor Pemberton-7-My objection is that this has not been before the Council. What is the use of local government at all? Mr. Rahway : You mean Pear Tree Farm. That will come before the Council, as explained at the commencement of the inquiry. The inquiry was closed, and the Inspector announced his intention of visiting the site.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL SWIMMING SPORTS.

Secondary Scholars Compete at

Annual Gala.

The Warrington Baths were the venue of a large number of people on Wednesday afternoon, on the occasion of the Secondary School's annual swimming gala. ' There were many entries for the various races, and the keenest competition was manifest throughout the events. The or- ganisation of the gala was in the capable hands of Miss Clarke and Mr. J. B. Baxter, members of the school staff, and Mr. A. Barlow, superin- tendent of the baths, arranged for the use of that institution.

At the conclusion of the races Mrs. J. S. Broome gracefully presented the prizes to the successful competitors, Rhoda Grant, the girl champion, first handing her a beautiful bouquet on behalf of the staff and scholars. Mr. E. S. A. Robson, the head master, presided, and, after the presentations, said that on behalf of the school he would like to thank all who had con- tributed to the success of the function—Mrs. Broome for coming to present the prizes, and also for providing some of them; Mr. G. W. A. Brown and Mr. T. Roberts for supplying other prizes; Miss Clarke and Mr. Baxter for organis- ing the gala; and Mr. Barlow for the use of the baths. He heartily congratulated the competi- tors—they had raised their standard since last year, and he hoped it would be raised still higher by the next gala. (Applause.) The motion was carried with acclamation, and, replying on behalf of his wife, Mr. J. S. Broome, who was received with loud applause, said it had been a pleasure to his wife to come and present the prizes that afternoon, and she had asked him to thank them very heartily for the hand- some bouquet they had given her. Already she felt that she knew many of the boys and girls of the school. (Applause.)

Mr. Broome then called for three cheers for the school, which were heartily given.

THE PRIZE-WINNERS. The following is a list of the prize-winners : Girls.

Champions-1, Rhoda Grant; 2, Muriel Criteh- ley.

bne Length-1, Muriel Critchley (no prize); 2, E. Hatch; 3, Ruth Balmford. Beginners-1, E. Hatch (no prize); 2, Nora Ellis.

Two Lengths-1, E. Hatch; 2, Rhoda Grant. Dive-1, Muriel Critehley ; 2, Ada Leigh. Squadron—Rhoda Grant's team. Boys.

Champions-1, D. Cooper; 2, J. K. Grant. Two Lengths-1, J. K. Grant (no prize); 2, Alfred B. Farrar; 3, Charles Bell. Beginners—l, Horace Lloyd. Dive-1, Alfred B. Farrar; 2, Charles Bell. Three Lengths-1, J. K. Grant; 2, George Eng- land. Squadron—D. Cooper's team.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW FARMERS MAY HELP.

At a meeting of the Chester Farmers' Club on Saturday a letter was read from the War Office appealing to members who possess suitable horses to offer them to the Deputy Assistant- Director of Remounts, Chester, and also sug- gesting that gifts of fresh fruit and vegetables, eggs and butter might be sent for the sick and wounded to the Western Territorial Hospitals at Liverpool and Manchester. It was decided to circularise the members on the subject.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE TREATY.

The United States Senate has ratified the treaties between the United States and Great Britain, France and Spain, providing that a period of a year shall be allowed for the investi- gation by a Commission of any question at issue before the outbreak of hostilities between the contracting parties.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
BLESSINGS IN EVERY FAMILY

FREED FROM STATE FETTERS.

Advantages that will Accrue from Welsh Disestablishment.

ANGLICAN CLERIC'S OPINION.

Many matters affecting the faith of that Anglican community were touched upon at a meeting of the Warrington branch of the Eng- lish Church -Union, held in Batten Hall, Win- marleigh-street on Monday evening, when a small audience made up for what it lacked in num- bers by the interest it displayed in an instruc- tive address given by the Rev. E. Davies, vicar of St. Mark's, Low Moor, and in brief speeches by others interested in the work of the Union, which during recent years has played an im- portant part in shaping the destinies of the Church of England, and figured by no means in the background during the comparatively recent Parliamentary battle over the Welsh Disestab- lishment Bill. The Rev. W. J. Stanton, who is president of the local auxiliary, occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the principal Weaker, who, he reminded those present, was no stranger to Warrington, having occupied a pulpit in the town last June, on the occasion of a church anniversary, whilst he was also the district secretary to the Union.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
TREATY-BREAKING AND SACRILEGIOUS GERMANS.

Without further ado, the Rev. Davies com- menced his review of the work of the Union, entitling his address "The E.C.U. and current Church problems." He began by saying that these were upsetting times; the war had upset everything. Nevertheless, the war was, he felt, proving to be the means of bringing before the people many serious problems and, perhaps, it would have the result of awakening the English people to neglected truths and problems con- nected with the Church. There was, for in- stance, the matter of education—a very old pro- blem and one that was becoming, and would be- come, more and more, a very real problem. He ventured to think that it would again be very prominently brought before the English people, through the war and all that was connected with it. He supposed it had struck them all how very strange it was that the chief enemy— the Germans—who prided themselves on being the most cultured race on the face of the earth, should not only have made war without any seeming cause, but should also introduce a novel element into it—the breaking of treaties and the unnecessary destruction of sacred property. When they searched for the cause of that, he thought they would find that it rested in the system of education which had been in operation in Germany for the last thirty or forty years. Religion seemed to have been almost put into a secondary place; not merely denominational re- ligion, but religion altogether. The war would be a sort of appeal to the people of this coun- try, showing, as it did, on a very large scale, the effect of neglecting the true religious educa- tion of the young, a thing the E.C.U. had always fought for. The effect of putting ethics in thA place of religion explained much of what had happened in Germany. Ethics apart from re- ligion were mere human things. He was quite certain that one effect of the war would be the awakening of the conscience of England to the realisation that she must go back to foundation work and once again grasp the necessity for edu- cating the children on right religious lines. Ought To Fight For Church Schools. . .

17ndezTominational religion was not sufficient; ethics were not enough, but they must go deep down to the faith of the Church as a necessity for avoiding what they now saw abroad. As Churchpeople they ought to go on fighting for Church schools, denominational religion and the faith of the Church for the children of the Church. There was sometimes a feeling that they should surrender the schools, and many of the clergy had to :fight to keep them, but they hoped that the laity would again come to the rescue and help the Church to maintain her schools, and not lose them, for by so doing they would be overtly assisting in the putting of human opinion and ethics in the place of true religion. The Disestablishment of the Welsh Church, the speaker continued, was now a fact, though for the time being its operations would be postponed. Some there were who Might hope that the Act would be repealed, but it would not 'be, and for all practical purposes the Church of England in Wales was disestablished and was to be shamefully disendowed. Still there was comfort in the reflection that it would in the long run turn out to be the best thing for the Church in question; they who trusted in God knew that perfectly well. Good would come out of evil. Great care would have to be taken in Wales to re-establish the Welsh Church on Church lines. At present, according to the Act, there was the power in Wales to call together a representative assembly to hold the property of the Church and thus practically to govern the Church, because those who held the purse very often pulled the strings. The Act left it in the power of the clergy to go on living in the parsonages and performing their duties, but it also provided that all the clergy should be able to hand over their rights and to receive a com- muted income from a new body which would be established. It was the establishment of that body which was so very important. The mem- bers of it might be nominal Churchmen or they might be what were called "laymen undefined.” A Self-Governing Welsh Church. The House of Convocation at Canterbury would no longer be the governing body for Wales, and in matters spiritual the Welsh people would have to set up their own govern- ing body. Churchmen in Wales would be able to make their voices heard more than in time past, and looking at the whole thing in the right way there were many advantages to be gained in being free from the power of the State. For one thing, as was to be seen in the self-governing colonies of the British Empire, the Church, being disestablished, had a freedom which it did not at present enjoy, and could adapt itself to the needs and conditions of the times more than when it was bound in fetters to the State. So that, although there was a black side to disestablishment, there was also a bright one. They were putting aside many con- troversial matters for the present, continued the speaker, but he could not help thinking that the fact of Russia being Britain's ally in the present terrible war would be very helpful as time went on, helpful in educating this country in true church principles, for the Russian State and Church were the most religious State and Church in the world at the present time. The Russians themselves were most devoted to re- ligion; they were really devout and earnest, and realised, very often more than the people of this country, the sanctity of religion. This nation, continued the speaker, had to be rather wary as regards certafn tendencies noticeable in the re- ligious life\ of to-day. He thought that some- times a little too much attention was paid to externals in worship, and that, perhaps, too gs much money was spent upon those externals effort, drttofoo rliitntlsetaunepenn The u erßtshsiinan s, missionary were never guilty of that, and there was another admirable feature of Russian life, and it was that wher- ever they went they took their religion with them at all costs. The Religious Russian.

All the Russians were communicants—com- municants after great preparation In this country the people needed to get back to the 1 real thing—the coMmunion as well as the wor- ship. He could not help feeling that, PerhaPB' the English had not taken sufficient care in de- veloping regular communion, too often satisfied with t„ he congregational form in of worship. Re w youth quite certain that they needed ' their own Church to pay and were rather more atten- tion to the real essence of the sacramental system- It was a shame to think that our s were allowed to grow up so long without being confirmed and receiving the Sacrament. Many points were brought before the nation as the war went on. The young fellows who were going out to the war and were ready to lay down/ their lives for the nation must not be for- gotten. Perhaps, when they came back home again, having tasted victory and learned how to use arms, they would become a great danger " r in England unless, somehow, they could be won back to true eligion again. As one of the Church papers had remarked, We do not know how long the war will go on, but what we do i know is that there s a great want of true re- ligion amongst the manhood we do want to of the country, and o i a o do s to try and infuse new r eligious life into that manhood." The future of the world depended upon what Eng- lish people did in the near future. Mr. W. L. Raw, the organising secretary of otfb e Lsapne caa sk ehri,r e, whichp ro n I,o_saesd s e ea 0 nvdoetde by the English Church Union for Manchester and thethanks to the Chairman, and carried with acclamation.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ti‘. : -7',.1 , ; . , : , ,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19141003_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; T, '

===== 0002601_19141003_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•- ' _ ' _ r

===== 0002601_19141003_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i;

. ,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.cISM

4

===== 0002601_19141003_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
till'

iiNl

F

===== 0002601_19141003_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- 4 1" ' al' 1,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MARGARINE

AT 6D. PER LB.

2 LBS.

FOR 1/-

MADE.

PRICE

===== 0002601_19141003_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
GUARANTEED

BUTTER

Margarine

BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, DEATHS. Notices of births, marriages, and deaths, in memoriam notices, and acknowledgments of sympathy are inserted in "The Examiner" at the following rates :—Not exceeding 20 words, is. 6d. each; every additional seven words, 6d.

Deaths.

- BUDGE.—October 274,1914, at 29, Gaskell-street, Stockton Heath, Eliza Budge, aged 72 years. Interment at Warrington Cemetery, October sth, at 3 p.m. • WRIGHT.—At 27, St. Mary's-street, on September 27th, Ellen, the dearly-loved wife of F. W. Wright, in her 57th year.

In Memoriam. HOWELL.—In loving remembrance of our dear mother, died October let, 1913. From HARRIET & MAUD. Oh, for the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that is still.

Why pay more elsewhere?

IS AT A HIGH and will be higher.

If you have not already given it a trial —DO SO AT ONCE.

is a Good Substitute.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Acknowledgments.

THE FAMILY of the LATE MR. THOMAS MATHER, of Pinners Brow, THANK their Mealy friends for the kind sympathy received in their recent bereavement.

JMOUNFIELD & SONS carry out Funerals • in town and country. Every equipment.— Office: 15, Church-street. Tel. 99.

205th Year of the S N FIRE E OFFICE FOUND 1710. In the Wr

00814 d from Policy dated 1196. Insurances effected on the following risks FIRE ngAVEAGE.

RESULTANT LOSS OF RENT AND PROFITS. =LOY ERS' LIABILITY PERSONAL ACCIDENT, & WORKMEN'S SICKNESS & DISEASE, COMPENSATION, FIDELITY GUARANTEE, DGMESTIC SERVANTS, BURGLARY. PLATE GLASS,

Agents in Warrington Messrs. J. R. Piekmere and Son, Bridge Street Metiers. Woods. and . Son, Commercial Chambers, 55,

Horsemarket Street. Yr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King Street. M. R. Lowe, 5, Buttermarket Street. Messrs Spencer Wallhead & Son, 5, Egypt Street.

TOMATOES

FRom POWELL'S NURSERIES Ain

THE BEST, BECAUSE THEY ARE FRESH AND HAVE PLENTY OF FLESH.

EXTENSIVE NIIRSERIES AND GLASS HOUSES AT PEARNREAD, AND STALL (OPEN DMILY) WARRINGTON MARKET. Tel. 3207.

WILLIAM Ir. °WELL. PROI'RIETOR.

_ Oldest Insurance OffleL ion. ' • • - - et) --- _oFFicE%

===== 0002601_19141003_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
H

===== 0002601_19141003_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,r

i; s .1,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
4 .41. I , . t. t •le ,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
.1 1. •

~,,.I_,, . '1 k. .'l,p ;• 4 .4, • .:,,,. ~i;:4:1 ; ~,..„1 ~ 0.. fii . , 1,41 • fa,' ~, 44, ~ ~t„ ,1 %. 4'

IF! I tql 1.11 it, • Id; ' • - • , f, .

r4t4 at"

I I

===== 0002601_19141003_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST HOUSE COAL

1

UTS 8/ SLACK, WASHED AS,

UTS, BEANS 81 PE,

CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS

LTD.,

_ _ Colliery Proprietors, DALLAM LANE, WARRINGTOI 'tyro,

and at Car Termlnce, Latcl

IN. •rd.

All inquiries to F. W. P

RAEGER,

Dlistrict

t 'L. , fc , i, .. I, 1 o A ", imitemid

Z,`... ~t.,, ',- i i LV-, ' ~ . ''11: '''') ' ' .„ st .., :

===== 0002601_19141003_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Yr-kJ

===== 0002601_19141003_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH

A CHANGE OF TUNE.

Truth, like constantly dropping I water, will work its way through. It will even reach the intelligence of the German people, and, maybe, that of the KAISER himself. It was Understood in Germany that her great machine devised for massacring nationalities would roll its way to Paris, then return and crush the Russians, a final roll being reserved for Great Britain. The machine progressed amazingly and Berlin rejoiced exceedingly.- But the tide turned and the Germans have been on the defensive for three weeks, with Paris a far-off dream and the near return to the threatened Fatherland an ever-present and all-depressing night- mare. As we say, the truth is even being recognised at home, and we have the great German paper, ".Berliner Tageblatt," preparing the public for bad news. "The German people," we are told, "await anxiously and with confidence further news from the French war theatre." `! Anxious Confi- dence " is good, but it is satisfactory to learn that news of a great French advance against the German flank would. "not unbalance us." Surely this is preparing for a fall?

We know our front line is protected by broad "echelons" which are ready to oppose such an enterprise. Even if fresh French or English forces advance still further in the north-western direction, they will

, . always encounter "echelons" which our commanders have kept back in expectation of such advances.

Excuses like this are the merest non- sense. There is a vast difference be- tween taking Paris in a rush and being dependent upon broad echelons in the rear to save a beaten army from destruction.

As there is a change of attitude to- wards the general prospects of the war, so there is a new attitude respecting the part England is playing in this awful drama. The GERMAN EMPEROR, when he sent forth his murdering, ravaging legions, signed an Order to his officers which said that it was his "Royal and Imperial command" that you concentrate your energies, for the immediate present, upon one single purpose, and that is that you address all your skill and all the valour df my soldiers to exter- minate first the treacherous English and walk over General French's contemptible little Army. Well, this contemptible little army stood up to five times its numbers at Mons, and, as became a lightweight in face of a heavyweight, backed dis- creetly and delivered a blow as oppor- tunity occurred. The result was that the big bully was so exhausted when Paris had been almost reached that he had to turn homeward for repairs. As we have seen, the foe, after two months' hammering, has to be happy in the knowledge that he can find succour to the rear! And what has the "Berliner Tageblatt " to say on the point? This: The influence of the British reinforcements makes itself more and more known. They are efleFtive to impede us, though the re- eults Will not be lasting. W h y should we not admit this 'An old military proverb saYs, Many enemies, much honour." Victory must be ours all the same. If it is gained after difficulties, it is all the more valuable. What, we wonder, will the KAISER say about this paper's audacity? Why not

admit that England can do something when the KAISER has said it is contemp- tible and must be walked over and exterminated. It is rank heresy. We suggest that the editor should be•placed in Louvain when the next German bombardment of that dead city takes place. Our German contemporary hopes for the best and foretells success, but for the present admits that the "obstinacy of the French attack, which always returns and advances against us, deserves just appreciation and will have taught a lesson to all who ex- pected an easy time."

We must not deny even our enemies the consolation of hope, however. ill- founded ; but they can scarcely believe in these hopes, seeing that the process of attrition unonwhtch LORD KITCHENER counted has seriously begun. The KAISER'S Army set about to carry out his order. They came against our men in formations more dense than the formations of a century ago, and these, the picked young men for the invasion, who were to clear the way for the army of occupation, were shot down like rabbits and were themselyes "exter- minated." Meanwhile our reinforce- ments are making their " influence" increasingly felt. India and the Colanies are sending us some of the finest fighting material the world can produce. Russia has brushed aside Austria; and Germany stands in imminent danger without a friend— save the lovable Turk—abhorred by mankind and damned before Heaven as the author of crimes that will stand as the blackest in recorded history.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
""HE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1914.

EVERYWHERE,

The average size of in American family is five.

We all admire a hustler. He hasn't Lae to :ell his troubles.

Western Siberia is seven times as large as the German empire.

A lot of trouble isn't so any longer when you stop thinking about it.

The fellow who buries the hatchet may still have a knife up his sleeve.

Some men who won't tell a lie will nod their, heads when one is being told.

No Hustling in Nature.

When Garfield was president of Oberlin Col- lege a farmer brought for entrance as a student his son, for whom he wished a short course. "The boy can never take all that in," said the father. "He wants to get through quicker. Can you arranu it for him?" " Oh, yes," saTa Garfield; "he can take a short course; it all depends on what you want to make of him. When God wants to make an oak He takes a hundred years, but He only takes two months to make a vegetable marrow." Drawing the Line.

He ha-,d worked for the farmer nine years as a hired man, and was apparently contented until his employer added poultry raising to his list of activities. Then the hired man had to write on each egg, with an indelible pencil, the date and the name of the hen that laid the egg. One day the man marched up to his employer and an- nounced: "I'm going to quit." The farmer was astonished. "Why are you going to leave," he asked, "after working for me all these years?" "Well," said the man, stoutly, "I've done pretty near everything about this place now, but I'll starve before I'll go on being secretary to your darned old hens."

Speaking of Home. In the boarding-house parlour they talked of home. "Home," said the old maid school teacher, "is the best place for a married man after business hours." "Home," said the extravagant clerk, "is the dearest and yet the cheapest place for a man to live in." " Home is the flower of which heaven is the fruit," said the young divine. "It's the only spot," said the old bachelor, "where the baby is appreciated." "It's where you are treated best and grumble most," said the widow. "Home," said the landlady grimly, "is the antipodes of the boarding house."

Not Responsible. A North countryman, charged with having set fire to a large hayrick, was defended on the ground t' It he was not altogether responsible for his tions. One of the witnesses testified to the belief that the prisoner was " wrang in his held." _

"Canyon mention any occasion on which the prisoner behaved in a manner to warrant your statements?" he was asked by the learned counsel.

"Yes," answered witness. "Ah knows once at work he got half a crown too much for his wage, and—" " Well," said the counsel, as the witness hesi- tated. _

"He took it back to the manager," concluded witness.

THE PARABLE. There was a rose, a full, delicious bloom Of frailest tint and delicate perfume, Set in rich foliage; 'twas a flower so meek That yet had robbed the blush from goddess cheek.

There. came a wind o'erbold with unchecked

might, That sought to strew its glory in the night; But it withdrew, by friendly winds fore-

warned, 'Neath armoured cloak, well prickle ei and well

• thorned. . And there were buds, well thorned and

prickled, too, With future blooms, just bursting into view; And these had crept still closer, so to aid The rose to brave the wind's marauding raid.

The Lesson. . There was a land, a peaceful, happy land— The whole wide world could shake her out-

stretched hand That sought her friendship and admired her might, And stood for freedom, liberty and right. There was a race, a proud, fair Teuton race, Who cast her friendship back into her face: But, to! her beauty changed to steel and iron, The haughty Eagle faced an angry Lion.

And there were cubs who came from far and wide, To show their teeth at the parental side—

A fearful spectacle that well might awe: The Lion and her young arranged for war! ARTHUR PATRIOT.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE IN NOVEMBER,

The Question of Labour Represent- ation.

To the Editor of "The .Examiner."

----- Sir,—May I be allowed to raise a few points, re Mr. Dukes' letter in your issue of the 26th September? While I am an enthusiastic trade unionist and would like to see the Labour movement well represented in every Council and on every com- mittee, yet I must say that if they cannot do better than recent records have shown it would be better to leave matters as they are for a time. Mr. Dukes remarks that you cannot pawn your soul in the Labour movement. Ho W about Jim Larkin? Did not the Labour representation of this country actually sell, not only pawn, their souls on this occasion, with the result he so well knows?

Again, what has the Labour representation done during the present crisis? Would he dare to say that they have done their duty to the people who employ and finance them? Again, there is as much cliquism in the Labour party as there is in any other movement, and in my experience it has always been a power that could be used to good purpose, if properly handled. I am always prepared to take my stand as a trade unionist in the interest of my fellow workers. But it must be in their interest pure and simple. I enclose ray name and address, which the Editor is at liberty to give upon application. THE ROAD MENDER.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
A MEMBER AND CLIQUES.

To the Editor of "The Examiner." Sir,—Along with many more readers, I was not at all disappointed with the tone of your corre- spondent C. Dukes' reply. It is the, same old style of sarcastic bluff, which we have got so accustomed to, and quite in keep- ing with the past. As "A Member," I made it Plain, I did not object to cliques or private persons wanting to aspire to Council honours if they would pay their own expenses, which is not so in this case, but call upon the poorer comrades to do so. It was also to know where we were standing with the Trades Council, the Independent Labour party, and the Socialist party, but, thanks to the Secretary for the inform'ation, we are led to believe we have been captured by the Socialist party. Where men are found, if this is so, as members of affiliated societies, is it not time we called out "halt" paying for the fur- therance of that party's views? With reference to the "Military Ideal" in the "Labour Gazette" having no bearing on recent developments, why did our local "Jack London" seek to have it reprinted? Surely there was an object? And why were the two hundred and fifty issued called in, and almost three thousand lying undistributed? Surely there is reason for such. In conclusion, the Secretary asks what have I and my comrades to gain, &c. I would reply "Much." Yes, at the present moment, we are asked to increase our fees to increase his wages. Also levy to pay election expenses. Who, I ask, is pulling the strings? I believe it is far more prudent to take per- sonal ambition defeat quietly, than a crushing defeat at the poll under present circumstances. A MEMBER.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR STORIES.

Told In Letters. LETTERS INVITED.

We shall be glad to receive retters for publi- cation, in whole or in part, from those who receive communications from friends or rela- tives at the war. These letters often give, in a few lines, a more vivid description of•,the fighting than can be otherwise obtained; and their publication also informs a large circle of people of their absent friends' whereabouts and condition.

All letters entrusted to us will be eared for and returned in good order.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND SOUTH LANCASHIRES AT

i',IONS.

Saved the Situation.

The following are extracts from a letter from Lieut-Colonel Wanliss, commanding 2nd Batta- lion South Lancashire Regiment, with the Brit- ish Expeditionary Force, written after the battle of Mons :

The regiment behaved absolutely magnifi- cently and quite up to its very best traditions, and I cannot tell you how proud I was to com- mand it. We had a very hot time pf it at Mons, especially C and D Companies on the left. Both these companies and the machine gun section lost very severely, and the marvel is that they were not completely wiped out; in fact, had the German infantry fire not been so atrocious, hardly a man could have got away. For some time before we got the order to retire, both C and D Companies' trenches were enfiladed both by infantry and machine gun fire, and their artillery had got on our left flank, and were half a mile in rear of it and enfilading the whole position. On getting the order to retire I told Goren's and Ewart's companies to cover our retreat, which they did splendidly. The machine guns lost 12 men out of 16, and fired up till the very last. The following day our Brigadier told me that our men "had be- haved splendidly," and the Divisional General that "the battalion had saved the situation on the left." Two days later, at Solesmes, the battalion formed the rearguard to the division, and lost seven officers killed and wounded in under an hour and a half, and got away under cover of darkness. In this show I don't think the enemy's guns could have _been more than 1,000 yards off. The spirit and discipline of the men was splendid.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A KICKING UIILAN.

South Lancashire Private Loses His

Front Teeth.

Private Goulder, of the South Lancashire Regiment, has been invalided home, after hav- ing had his teeth kicked out by a Uhlan. "Several of us," said Goulder, in an inter- view at Widnes, "got separated from our com- pany at St. Quentin. After tramping about twelve miles we reached a farmhouse. The farmer gave us two chickens, a piece of bacon and some potatoes, and we. were just sitting down to a meal after a long fast when a body of Uhlans came round the corner. We hadn't even time to reath our rifles. They rode straight at us, and one knocked me over. As I got up he turned his horse back and, taking his foot from his stirrup, kicked me in the mouth, dis- placing all my teeth. After I was taken pris- oner I was kicked all over the body. "Just as they were marching us off a patrol of British cavar,lry came on the scene. The Uhlans did not attempt to meet them, but im- mediately rode off. We were greatly relieved at the turn of events, but I was so badly in- jured by the Germans that I was sent to hos- pital."

===== 0002601_19141003_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALLER FOR THE FRONT.

Letter from Former Warrington Forward. •

A. Naylor, the former Warrington forward, wrote the following letter a few days ago to Mr. T. Scattergood, of Buttermarket-street, addressing it from Chel4ea Barracks, London, S.W., where he was then lying with the 4th Battalion of the Grenadier Guards:—

"I must write and thank you very much for the nice present you have sent me. It is just what I wanted, as I have been trying to smoke cigarettes since I have been here, but I can't get on with them. We are all beginning to get used to everything now. lam along with a decent lot of fellows and we are making things as enjoyable as possible under the circumstances. We sent 274 men to the front on Saturday (the 21st ult.), and there's another 300 going on Wed- nesday morning (the 23rd of September), so by the time you get this letter I shall be packing up my kit, and I can tell you that I am longing to get at the Germans, and when I start scrum- maging there will be a move on. Remember 'me to all the boys and tell them that I am as fit as a fiddle and ready to take my place when I get back. I will bring them all some picture post cards and curios from Berlin. I am pleased to see the team is playing so well; it's the first thing I look for in the papers. Thank you again, very much, for the pipe. With King George's permission I shall prize it first." The pipe referred to in the letter was a little present from Naylor's fellow-players and friends in the Football Club.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ON THE' HIGHFLYER. Crosiield's Ambulance Man in Naval

Duel.

Sergt. H. Flood, one of the Naval Sick Berth Reserve men attached to the Crosfield Division of the St. John Ambulance brigade, has written the following letter to Supt. Rose, dealing prin- cipally with the fact that he was on lI.M. High- flyer when it sank the armed German merchant cruiser :

" I left the rest of the boys in the R.N. Bar- racks at Devonport, and did not get a chance to say good-bye to them. I was , ordered to be aboard this ship at 5 a.m., but it was 5.30 before I got my gear, so I had to do a rush. You will have seen from the papers about our little fight, and I can tell you no more, except my own feelings at my baptism of fire. Every cone of the ship's company was calm and collected, and for myself I could not realise that it was a fight to the death. It was just like an ordinary drill, except that our fire was being returned. Our casualties were only one killed and about a dozen wounded (the papers say five or six), which is absolutely miraculous considering the number of shots that were fired. It was an impressive sight to see a big ship like her catch fire, heel over and then disappear beneath the waves. I shall never forget it as long as I live. We have had a fairly strenuous time so far, this being our first rest since we left England on August 4th. I am pleased to say that I am enjoying very good health, and was only seasick one day. Sorry I have no more news for you at present, but will do my best next time. Re- member me to all in the Lab., and kind regards to Mrs. Rose and yourself.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR AND THE PUBLIC-HOUSES. 2,400 Petitioners for Earlier Closing.

The local petition for the adoption of the Intoxicating Liquor (Temporary Restriction) Act, which would mean the earlier closing of licensed houses, has been signed by 2,400 per- sons, including ministers of all denominations, magistrates, Councillors, and almost every class of citizen. An appeal, signed by the Rector (Canon Willis), Fathee Wilson (rector of St. Mary's), and the Rev. T. T. James ' (president of the Free Church Council), was issued to members of the various churches and chapels. It stated that the advantages of the early closing of public-houses in time of war were obvious to everyone. The petitions will now be handed to the Chief Constable and dealt with by the Licensing Authorities for the borough. The Act was introduced and passed at the request of the Naval and Military authorities. Those who have signed the petition are hopeful that the patriotism of those responsible will be suffi- ciently strong as to induce them to accede to the request of the petitioners.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSING WEEK,

MISS CROSFIELD, INTERPRETER.

Miss Truda CroStleld has gone to the Dieppe Hospital to act as nurse and as interpreter. We understand that interpreters are very scarce in France, so that Miss Crosfield's services will be doubly valuable. The Women's Liberal Association, of which she is treasurer, have written expressing their admiration for the action she has taken.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A PROSPEROUS FUTURE.

The estimate of how the export trade of the world may be shared among the nations when the war has played havoc with Germany's share of it, and how we shall be able to regain much of the home trade that Germany has lately enjoyed, as stated by Mr. J. J. Bleckly at the annual meeting of Pearson and Knowles, makes pleasant reading for Warrington. The Ger- mans say they are out for victory against France, but for booty—our trade—against us. Many things are happening so as completely to reverse the German plans, and Warrington will do its best to double its trade at the Kaiser's expense.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE VOLUNTEERS WANTED.

We have raised a full Territorial Battalion for foreign service and given thousands—it is difficult to say how many—to the Regular Army. But we want more. The Territorials want a reserve battalion, towards which they already had 300. Towards the remaining 700 they had, last night, secured 187, leaving 513 to be enrolled. Captain Max Woods, command- ing the Depot, Drill Hall, and recruiting officer, will be glad to hear from recruits anxious to serve their country either at home or abroad.

TRAMWAYS IN BUTTERMARKET-STREET. The committees concerned are considering whether in the widening of Buttermarket-street provision shall be made for the laying of tram lines.

CAS QUESTIONS. Councillor Osborne, who, since his advent to active public life, has taken great interest in the administration of the Gas Department, has a long list of questions to ask the Chairman of the Committee at the Council' meeting on Tues- day. The questions cover much ground, and the replies ought to be "enlightening."

===== 0002601_19141003_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BELGIAN REFUGEES:

The whole proceeds of the exhibition at the Star Kinema on Tuesday, amounting to .R 26 have been given by the proprietors to the local Belgian Ilefugee Fund. We understand that refugees may be expected at St. Austin's dur- ing neit week, but if Warrington is not used as a centre the money will be given to the Belgian repatriation fund.

GERMAN BOYCOTT.

"An Old Journalist" writes_:—

0-u-i---soidie;;;Wcieitilors.h-fiVelaid these islands under a debt of gratitude and obligation which it will be quite impossible for the millions in- habiting them ever to discharge. But for their valorous defence and protection our beloved and most fortunate country would have been laid waste by the atrocious German hordes, and we should have shared the sad fate of poor, suffering Belgium. Of course, we have readily pledged ourselves to care for our brave fellows' families and dependents during their absence, and complete arrangements have been made to

do all that is humanlY—p-obie-fOr the wounded; but we stay-at-homes can render material assist- ance in various other ways, one of which is plainly enough indicated in the Warrington I Union's amended advertisement for supplies, re- fusing on any account to accept goods of Ger- man or Austrian origin. Any kind of trading with the enemy is now positively and very properly forbidden under severe pains and penalties, and it goes without saying that no true patriot—only a downright traitor indeed—would attempt any such dealings for the sake of mere money-making. So much for the big firms; but what about individuals, of the gentler sex particularly? They cannot take arms and press to the fighting line, though many of them are encouraging their menfolk to enlist for the preservation of home from violation by the Kaiser's marauding bandits; but they can give substantial aid in the prose- cution of the commercial war which is assuredly destined to powerfully second and consummate the tremendous efforts of the active British ser- vices and their plucky allies. Like the local Guardians who have so promptly set the ex- ample, we must all make up our minds forth- with to have nothing whatever to do with articles of any sort manufactured in either of the countries with which we are at war. As a matter of fact, there is already no lack of evi- dence that thoughtful and enlightened members of the community are fully alive to their patriotic duty and the great possibilities of the situation in this respect. "Marjorie" has made that pretty clear in the woman's column.

IVarrington Footballer Injured. John Waywell, of 88, Folly-lane, the well- known Warrington footballer, is suffering from an injured elbow. He is progressing satisfac- torily.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
------ 4 FIVEST FE4lctik'

Temporary Authority. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, be- fore the Mayor (in the chair) and other magis- trates, Ernest Edward Clinton was granted temporary authority to sell intoxicants at the off-licensed premises, 95, Manchester-road, War- rington.

Improving Sunday Schools. Canon Morley Stevenson, of Warrington, has promised to read a paper at the a rthcoraing Diocesan Conference on "The Improvement of Our Sunday Schools, with Special Reference to Our Elder Scholars." The conference is to be held on Tuesday next in the small concert room of St. George's Hall, Liverpool.

The Mayoralty. , Alderman Peacock has accepted th% of his fellow-members of the Council as Mayor for another year.

^ Saddlers and Smiths for the Frolit A limited number of saddlers aad ' smiths are wanted at once for the ExPelit, Force. Pay is at the rate of ss. Per lA' a separation allowance for married welsl;. ticulars may be obtained at the Police or the Beamont Schools.

Lady Bowlers Help the War • In aid of the War Fund a successful bowling main was played on the Chesf,er road Bowling Green on Thursd9yilafestteoro; The prize-winners were :-1, 31rs. Miss Cooper;s Mrs.l3wa 30,ssMrsrd;.Cotterel shall; 4, 3-Erse' ,Lawrence; 8, Mrs. Ryder. 6, .Iri:; u consolation prizes. The prizes Were eo,r the successful competitors by the 31agr was accompanied by the Mayor. The etereushasitiiaedt ot,

realised wa-s £3ss.

Birth-rate Up; Death-rate P-°ll.cfr In his usual weekly report the of Health for the borough (Dr. G. SV„'le records that there were 53 births :';! "'tied 24 females) during the seven (la,f6 •vg tember 26th, as compared with 38 corresponding week of last year. Pea/I'3 ing the same seven days numbered 17 and 4 females) as against 28 in Om socuiled of last year. Nine of the deaths IWO, those of children under one year, W° ' Were those of children under five, tie persons between the ages of 25 and those on the verge of the allotted 06, birth-rate for the Period under review as compared with 16.4 for the previous, , and 19.6 for the corresponding week 0,; "tle The birth-rate for the week was 36." ioag parative figures being 30.6 for the Pre; of weeks and for the corresponding we.eeases 27.4. The percentage of zymotic 4.1, as against 5.6 twelve months ag°'sni deaths included three from diarrliceo each from scarlet fever, whooPiug itis, plithisis, bronchitis, premature heart diseasei all other causes 11( the demise of seven other persons. week 27 cases of scarlet fever We'" three of diphtheria, six of tuberculolol; one of enteric fever and one of erYsti:pitill were 91 patients in the Borough' ering from scarlet fever, one from 01 f'- 12 from diphtheria, and 22 from °tiler including tuberculosis.

New Minister Weleonicee,tl4 The congregation of the Cairo-strive, rian Church accorded a formal welee new minister, the Rev. Irvine Lister' day evening, When a large comPanY,. the Friars' Green Independenl Schoolroom. Mr. F. W. Monks Prevo! Rev. H. Ogden (Baptist) said that the minister's utterances he knew that, be one in spirit and in endeavourinb the life of the town.—The Chairnain the Cairo-street Church had a fine uphold, and all who had come into him felt that Mr. Lister would tam n it.—The Rev. H. Enfield 1)1 course of an eloquent address, in tended fraternal greetings to tir Lister, referred to the war, n-111" as a call to the people of England cross of self-sacrifice. Never in this country got into the war! It must fight for its very existence. Mellor also spoke of the war, and it was over they would have to - contemplate what had been done: themselves why they had allowe° go under. It was a great task for,s these clays to stand up in the pal? week preaching the gospel of the God and the Brotherhood of 39 were killing each other in thousan T. T. James and Mr. Plinston (th#' eat of the Unitarian Sunday Sch°l3 —ln reply, the Rev. Irvine Lister desire to co-operate with his in doing all he could for the The proceedings closed with an ',vial thanks and the singing of the Nall,ere t-eo —During the evening songs, by Miss Carbold and Messrs. 11. "I;vi 3)l' Harry Bennett, Mr. J. F. Monks °;i3ae othy Monks accompanying on 010 I

ST. A N N'S. a g tele The Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross s‘ri.'"-t preacher at the St. Ann's lin",4eiag" which was held on Thursday' l ti were no decorations in the cliur-Oie and the money that. would course have been spent on there, If-for, a special fund to buy materitt,'„d articles of clothing for men who 11;:noeci Forces. The festival will be cont.": I. row (Sunday), when the Vicar 011ie' will preach in the morning, tbe 0. Gray in the evening, and the at a special afternoon service.

The Rev. J. ElFoOrLbleis,TlßilcNarl Tel. ged,eatOtliti was the special preacher at; the hall.,' Till ectgloli:vieeminnigll figuring occasion, service g, when a large congregati°jecet% The sacred edifice was tastefulb „o,' 5117: flowershel d in atnbdi s rac liinuir ca tit: .:i:e 0, ment. rendered In s aar Harvest epes te ihayl principallymanntsh,ienreSai ugsbl t I% sion. In the course of a brief Forbes said that the PeePlsrglieltrcill. 'ebe anxious than ever this year to 11,-„r foi God for a bountiful harvest. 24:- they had not had such a harves" 1,!13045e things *better, the Canadian liarve, of wonderful. To judge the ineaSul',,, goodness to this country, let tbein present condition with that of !re too -Europe embroiled in the pregen.; for, They had much to be thankftui l- nab would at once see when theY. t'the ruined, broken people Wandernig Vol side, homeless and wretched, illl .8 r France. --What a contrast! In 0 People were still able to sit Coinf° firesides, little knowing and onlY • 1 t i ing the horrors that Nvar broug-i English people still got their d' . e collr abundance, and they were Priwilt in the comfort of their own home:l ' 01l t'' deserved from this nation More ' • mon measure of gratitude. ..............-.."

itiol/81' plO 1"31' S ati°ll laaie! of tereo,i,,, ,aton; yr• e foer to whe ahl°"t sr Joeell lee el • Sele , the titilf/s toot a e lir: the sod rrho an r,h r seoe,t,,D sia ^ors, 134' o' the 00 vioto P,leek of lito dise°" fbe re ,gO. C an ter ,gll„erlid of notiog ,be accopuri464 • oetl.si4 a r/.110; 1 fO. •,,r 11'1'4 d• ie o.str cair e tir " "e 1C sthett;Dit g getil;fle „ra preal: the ff.'l'oZe . vjilt t6,"ltOt ojo. t,l VI et f ota c 0 Icoll wsoll' Pe POwllieb jrftild deefrOt be beerier ,std• t°ool wind o Pr' , was ',sot aa'• ou s't $ • $ re' .ste' t o,,,,,jetteof Ipit,„proe° FP;ties „f betel° nisand'' pef'° is-he ell -0 kv p: ,$•• . 0•••,,„o ister eer too f brit'?vf el'evote gooo„oos,„theitis • On' de j ••rev 60 ,tor`yor Fl7l' fet't .i • se"' tlit° 701t1 °did itt deseroo4, th" Of eo r a to Jo - Dio4v efe' le; 1 'OF 014,10 deeW 1119ell'f 05e1f3ed!Of • Vit ;of de" Ole Otf iv I, o• • i) f t, P°llf lA' o'l4 na 805 ir of re A 0- trle: til- a t ft nit' I for: t lot 0 t110"e CO Pd 13e'e atritir' • co° ,Ills Po' DD (oet'3' in t a to,ec ilegeurrrhl`' • the

===== 0002601_19141003_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Women Liberals and the War.

The General Committee of the Lancashire and Cheshire Union of Women's Liberal Associa- tions has decided to cancel the arrangements for holding the annual council meeting at Old- ham on October 19, and recommends that poli- tical,work should be suspended and the organ- isations used as far as possible in assisting schemes of relief during the present distress.

Warning to Street Corner Boys. At a Children's Court at the Police Station on Wednesday afternoon several batches of youths were brought before Messrs. S. Wright (in the chair), J. Upson, and A. J. Jolley, for disorderly conduct in various streets. A nominal fine was inflicted in each case, but the Chairman said that future offenders would be more severely dealt with.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A Coming7of-Alle Party.

In celebration of —the coining-of-age of Miss Marion Mills, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Mills, of 8, Tanners-lane, a numerous company spent a few enjoyable hours together at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Tuesday evening. Music games and dancing were indulged in until mid- night. Miss Mills was the recipient of many handsome presents.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Free School of Art Lecture.

An advertisement in to-day's " Examiner " calls attention to a progressive innovation which is being made at the School of Art. The public are invited to attend a lantern lecture to be given at the School next Tuesday evening by the Headmaster, Mr. Mawson, who will speak on "How to understand pictures."

===== 0002601_19141003_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Successful Local Artists.

The following local Art students have had works hung in the Autumn Exhibition in the Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool :—Miss M. E. Clare (water-solour groups of still-life, "Grapes," "Green Candlestick" and "Geran- iums"), Miss B. M. Crompton (water-colour group of still-life), and Miss J. Mildred Shake. shaft (carved wood mirror-frame).

===== 0002601_19141003_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Last NATeek's Weather.

The weather return for the seven days ended September 26th shows a mean temperature of 51 degrees, which is two degrees lower than the average for the preceding week. The maximum temperature was 68 degrees, which was recorded on the 25th ult., whilst the minimum tempera- ture was 34 degrees, registered on aka 20th ult. The general direction of the wind was south- easterly, and the rainfall recorded was only .01 of an inch.

Well-known Lady's Death. A highly-respected member of a well-kw-m Warrington family passed away on Sunday, in the person of Mrs. Isaac Hough, 155, Liverpool- road. Mrs. Hough was 81 years of age and was actively identified with Sankey Bridges Chapel. Her many friends were somewhat surprised to hear of her demise, because it was only a week before that she was amongst them.—The fun- eral took place at Sankey on Wednesday, amidst many manifestations of sorrow and regret.

Drowned in the Fog. At the Stag Inn, Walton, yesterday morning, the Coroner (Mr. E. A. White) held an inquest on the body of James Keith (38), a casual labourer, who resided at 55, Powell-street, and who was drowned shortly before two o'clock on Thursday morning, whilst working for Messrs. Crosfield at their wharf.—The evidence showed that the deceased was backing a boat from No. 1 jetty at Bank Quay, in order to make way for a barge, when, by some means or other, he fell into the water, and, although a life-belt was thrown to him, vanished from sight, the body being recovered a few hours later. It was very foggy at the time.—The inquest was adjourne,d for a week, in order that the Inspector of Fac- tories may be notified.

Horse Impaled in Sankev-street. An exciting incident was witnessed in Sankey street on Monday afternoon when a horse be- longing to Messrs. G. and W. Collins, Ltd., provision merchants, impaled itself on three spikes on the top of the yard gate, which is eight feet high. The animal was tethered to the gate insidefille yard, and was standing quite docile, when aliother horse attached to a wag- gon on the other side of the closed gate com- menced to neigh. As soon as it heard the sound the tethered animal made a leap, topped the gate with its head, and thereby impaled its neck on three three-inch spikes. Dr. Hewitt, veterinary surgeon attended to the horse and had to insert 59 stitches in the neck and head. The animal is progressing as well as can be expected.

Death of Mrs. Wright, of Latchford. We regret to record the death of Mrs. Wright, of St. Mary's-street, Latchford, wife of Mr. F. W. Wright, builder, who passed away on Sun- day at the age of 56 years, after a long illness. The funeral took place on Wednesday at Stretton Church, amid many tokens of respect and affection and was conducted by the Vicar (the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross). Among those present at the interment were Mr. F. W. Wright (husband), Mr. Fred Wright, Mr. Jas. Wright, Mr. Lewis Wright Mr. Sydney Wright (sons), Miss Elizabeth Whalley, Mrs. M. Twiss, Mr. and Mrs. L. Whalley, Mr: and Mrs. A. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bolshaw, Miss E. Whalley, Miss Alice Wright, Mrs. Charles Longshaw, Mr. and Mrs. John Longshaw, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Wright, Mr. and Mrs. William Miss, Miss Maggie Twiss, Miss Ruth Twiss, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Eyes, Mrs. Thomas Hewitt, Mrs. Patten, and Mr. and Mrs. Storey. . . .

Floral tributes were 'received from the hus- band and sons of the deceased, Mr, and Mrs. Albert Wright and family, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Whalley, Mrs. Miss and Mrs. Whalley, Miss ,Whalley kßruntwood), Mr. and Mrs. Bolshaw, the Women's Meeting, Mr. and Mrs. Hewitt, Mr. and Mrs. Newton and family (London), Mr. L. Fleming and family, Mr. J. B. Starkey, and the employes._

Mesis. J. Mounfield and Sons carried oat the funeral arrangements.

Wycliffe P.S.A. An open meeting was held last Sunday, when the Rev. T. T. James presided over a good at- tendance. The address was given by the Rev. William Reid, who spoke on "Companionship." It was, he said, known and felt by all that it was not good for man to be alone. It was a sad thing to be alone; it was a dragging-down pro- cess, a breaking-up of the highest in human nature. Companionship, rightly directed, was extremely helpful; it was helpful in that at in- duced in us a sense Of usefulness one to the other. Company of the right kind influenced for good, but company of the wrong kind was a great danger, and it behoved every young man and every young woman, aye, and for the matter of that, every nann and every woman, to see to it that the company they kept was "good and excellent company."—During the afternoon the Secretary read a letter that he had received from Pte. Yeates, who had frequently attended the P.S.A. meetings, and who wrote that he had been in two great conflicts and was wounded at the battle of the Aisne. The meeting decided to send the gallant soldier a letter expressing their sympathy and best wishes of his speedy re- covery, together with the hope that in the days to come he may have the Divine protection Whilst fighting for his King and country. It was also decided to send a sympathetic message to Pte. Yeates's wife.—ln addition to the Revs. James and Reid, Messrs. Wm. Beswick and B. Farrar (secretary) also spoke.—The Latchford and Stockton Heath Massed Choirs attended and delighted those present with sweet renditions of the anthems, "He watched over Israel" and "Sing unto the Lord," and the hymn "Rock of Ages." The choir were under the able leader- ship of Mr. Fletcher. Mr. W. H. Payton pre- sided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
rc-b congreg'"

diers. tbe I 10;4 efrl

The various . cuhr nc rhcmh ea an aansd c are doing their share in the from the St. John's Presh fourteen members of the joined the colours. Their 08133e3re3;1., l and stations are as follows: Pep. ' (Naval Reserve), J. Little , ,cav 1 iell'' (Army Reserve), W. Ai. Bei.:.`` 000/ea lander, oor Aitye s, Invergordon), F. :pe °to Service Corps), Hugh. liari-, Hewitt (R.F.A., Athlone), .1 , ,%11 Watch, Aldershot), J. W,,e,c3. Culla' ,f. Deal), Thomas Dewar (R.r.•'171 rtlire;aoc Robert Hawthorne, James -3-1,01 ),-- et ott Tdiecie.r,it.jnurn., and Fred Smith (5.lZt eveqr icil of intercession on the congregation engages 'n —t, 6 °l- the above names re read 4/t1 tile following. oDnuoathfaeeirirnlbein::.:ent profroi:if6ter t 19 ibli Of calad• i p 055 itO ji, The world's qAueeart.:5;117:111"t111:c1 i:fatililjile34 ueer most delicious one, is- eteis 9, 63 fre6l3l-01'11; north-west Greenland. .".• hofe. g o' ag gested moss from the St°°:teilliillatiCal reindeer. A bitter, sbnrfhan electroff,,l3l tlieot good for the digestion ils, 0°114% sir';itli,t,e" t; The Inoits live alniurite °„lo.eo,"reiru;oo Hence salads are a fa/I.3as ceol„rtere'l;rer 'Of But no salad in their 10,111,, gad" teP'lVl 14 which they wrest froM oa I t, They say this salad larti ottlefigy . die more appetising tban.. irbef it wards off indigeetlo; on it, spend their last Petti.P/.' ." dians do with iiraira""

Preselll

Tter-iitli

and

ravles

e ,e , -lys°lP 01041; rfie'rll 01„), Il• 4 hle - .0 •.0 liCe .4o p.V oef

bY

- -to

...--

===== 0002601_19141003_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
°.our Warrington is Meeting the Kaiser's Insult and Arrogance.

ROUSING RECRUITING MEETING.

Fine Fighting Speeches by Mr. A. H. Grosfield, Mr. Robert Pierpoint and Others.

"Itis my Royal and Imperial Command that you concentrate your energies, for the immediate .e.sent, upon one single purpose, and that is that you address all your skill and all the valour of Y soldiers to exterminate first the treacherous English and walk over General French's contemptible I ttle Army."

4" above is an extract from the Ger nlan Emperor's Army Order iTstled to his Huns on the date ‘7,auled• He has learnt since that are not quite contemptible, rigtki that if we are little we are ur"vinq dangerously.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
STIRRING SCENES AT

PARR HALL.

!Aire , 3.]

appeal—an appeal that fired the an d roused the hundreds who listened to th" nigh pitch of patriotic fervour—was made e Manhood of Warrington from the plat- of the Parr Hall on Tuesday evening. ,oe have been the sacrifices which the old as already made, and valiantly the ser- ti.ner sons have rendered to the country in d of need, still further is required of her, ra't'auclugi og by the resolute cheers which rever- i , rom wall to wall as sPeaker after hvoiced the claims of King and country, qa) e forthcoming. Already the town has 11811„d„ed in such magnificent fashion to the her patriotism that there can be no th or doubting that she will once more rise wae„ occasion; indeed, proof that she will do e a' Provided at the meeting, for, even before tby PPeal had been made widely known, over t had offered themselves, and they filed tj," e hall amid ringing cheers and took seats ite Place of honour reserved for them, just in °f the platform—an inspiring and encour- -Bight which, mayhap, appealed even more „,entlY to the hearts of the onlookers than Zen the perfervid oratory of the array of - local gentlemen who spoke from the

-Vllll. tiNteeo, the most recently recruited of War- 11n8 numerous volunteer warriors, entered apit.all to the strains of "Rule, Britannic, Ith ltbedlY played by Crosfields splendid band,t.r.. 'ad previously rendered a selection of s ~,Iftn,ariira ranging from the "Marseillaise', I to of my fathers," and mbracing the or, I°ll4 Anthems of all our Allies and friendly aatri worship the Mayor (Alderman Peacock) tlin the chair, and among his supporters 11,4("2' platform were Aldermen Smethurst aiirid_ qounett, Councillor Roberts, Colonel J. D. Fa Ith Capt. Mak Woods (Commanding Depot Louth Lancs. Regt.), Lieutenants Town_ H. Williamson and Preedy, and Messrs. A. n Pet6old, C. E. Parker, Robert Pierpoint, W. Rylands, F. A. Frost, 0. Lofthouse, ltabLea-Smith, Robson J. Chorley, Wr- H. B;1 tii--.),14'!• C. Garnett, H. Collin, J. Elwell and Accommodated with seats in the 1,-"N .4`.13w were the Mayoress (Mrs. Pre.e ocio Crosfield; Mrs. Robert Pierpoint, and LET.t, ost. .ERS FROM THE MEMBER AND THE :t th CHAPLAIN. b_e outset the Mayor called upon Alder- to read letters which had been the Member (Mr. Harold Smith. 'Via tt]. the Rev. W. Bracecamp, chaplain of Mr. lth:arrington Territorial Battalion. .4 8 letter was dated from the Official Press expressing . Whitehall, S.W., and after ex eat o,of's r h egret at his inability to be present, 42L0 say , am still working here until 12 mid- has or one o'clock every morning. This is b 4°.ne on now for over seven weeks, and Or aining to tell on me. The possibility e°otaining leave of absence at the present f,„taent was the more remote owing to the e,‘,,nthat the change of directorship entails snt ta attendance. I am sure that . 'Ellett& in Warrington will realise that th:l3El right in sticking to my post even iii I sacrifice the great pleasure of meet- them all. lam the more satisfied that uoty is to remain here in that the meet- ug will be attended by Mr. Pierpoint and Crosfield, both of whom are so entitled Wci qualified to make the appeal to young tliallingtonians to come forward. My d4lights are always with' you, and I hear in tm4.ail and with great pride of the splendid -,riotiszn of the borough." (Cheers.) t_rti4one Ite". Bracecamp's letter explained his ttn'ee, which he much regretted, as being due '4l to Peek of muscular rheumatism, and went 4esorlhe the local battalion as "second to "t te. adding, We were never in greater need itrhshr wjiWarrington can supply some of them t le 'nes. Our country sat stake! May ozlv4;al i hearts and true in the company come 101.a18t at once. Delay is dangerous. Germany elp tne,squashed, and Warrington boys must ue it." P (Cheers.) "AR '.INGTON'S £3,000 FOR SOLDIERS' COMFORTS. Nth' AtAvoa then spoke. It seemed, he said, ` ,11'sekt hard that Warrington should be asked to 14.113, ero tnen to fight the common enemy, espe- alNd after what the Warrington people had (dso 1.3' done towards Kitchener's Army, and e,,,narcls the Territorials. But they must 5.4 big 'ir'eoh the fact that the country was in for h 13, and vq4s that they had got to. see it to a , b thn, e.Frs)—and win! (Renewed cheers.) 'y had the telegram the other week from 1,0148 uerritorials asking for 300 men within 24 lilaoentee,fower than 600 offered their services. tle 10.' a Pity now that the services oh f hoday were not accepted. They wanted 700 4411 Order to make the Warrington Batta- 4'talin„a, o Territorials complete, as a reserve t.,llaees'snd to fill up the vacancies that must ,Ohm ,LY occur from time to time. Warring- eititio,eveucme well in the past, but she was going o tow 1:1 better in the future. (Cheers.) The kßli' Was • tre iv going to show England what Lan- -4cl eh " could do, and do willingly. (Re- -4.4 fro,,,eere.) They had had a splendid lot of tho' 443'7i:what he thought he might call, with- al) tikht diereaPect, the working classes, and he 0a th_ at new they had a fairly good claim " tniddle classes. 411,1 bettnoid, Not Want to Cripple Trade. Passed along the streets at isighit tip 4ot men walking about aimlessly, he ° o th srices e. "OP thinking that if only they would t ki ir ev sok,. it would step the complaints Iv„ori,,d of the firms, whom they did not want titald"-Ce' to eneh an extent that their works trti,, ,Y, t 8 had 81111 t oP, or nearly so. In Warrington arras ;he and. „"` en gaged on Government con- cr 00ts - Kitchener rightly said, men 410erl'ing for the Government on their yo ,Nyere doing equally good service as ttolire." „peir fellows who were joining the \lildagto„lleY did not want to cripple firms in sinit'tbto such an extent that it would blEtr,,i eta up, but they did say that there 91oir1011,..,0! Men in the town eligible to kt PtrY, and do some good. He felt e bert,ca. result of that meeting some of ° vOiee''eu Young men who Were listening Avaven twould join not only the Territorials, 'ea liitchener's Army. The War- ‘lo/ itorials had a nice position. arrin ay vr Oton "Terriers " A Splendid Lot. ,sthe Zwe _a• splendid lot of good young fellows ino4sPeople were looking after them, al en:already subscribed over £3,000 for 'aforts for the men, over and above

it'it ,60,1 co'

===== 0002601_19141003_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
headquarters,

what the Government gave them. Moreover, they had organisations in the town making gar- ments, &c., for such of the men as might have the bad luck to have to go into hospital. The Warrington Territorials were in a unique posi- tion, and those young men who wanted the best jobs in the Army should come and join up straightaway. (Laughter and applatise.) Some complaints had reached his ears about the allowances to those left behind, an he was pleased to know that the Government were tak- ing steps to effect an improvement in that matter. Only the previous day the Warrington Town Council, having been advised by the secretary of the Relief Committee, decided to petition the Government, stating that they must take the question in hand and do the job completely, so that those left behind need have no fear on the departure of those who kept the home going. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion his Worship said that he hoped that as the result of. that night's meeting the Captain, before he went to bed, would have enrolled the required number of young men. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEED FOR RESERVES.

• Colonel FAIRCLOUGH, who addressed the re- cruits as "comrades," and the remainder of the audience as "friends," said that he hoped before long the young men who had come forward at their country's call would be serving under him as commander of the new battalion; for which position his name had gone forward, and al- though he had not yet been officially appointed, he had every reason to believe that he would be. (Cheers.) In Germany they had a terrible foe to fight—a foe that hated England more than she did any other of the Allies.

Peace Terms Must Be Dictated In Berlin. The people of this country must not allow themselves to be lulled into a sense of false security, but every one of them, old and young, must do what he could to beat the enemy, so that soon this country might be able to dictate their terms of peace in Berlin. (Cheers.) Ani those terms must be such as will ensure that there shall not be another war in Europe either for the present generation or for their children. (Hear, hear.) "What could the young men of Warrington do better than come and enlist in this new battalion?" said the Colonel, drawing to a close. "We want to fight for England and for our women and children, so that they may be spared the horrors that have been witnessed in Belgium." Captain MAX WOODS (the recruiting officer) said he was glad to announce that they had secured getting on for a hundred recruits to form the nucleus of the proposed new batta- lion. Still they required another 600. Their own Territorial regiment was practically ready for service wherever it was called upon to go. Every man in the battalion—and it was over 1,000 strong—was ready and willing, and more than willing, but they must have something behind them, and that was a reserve. He had heard since he came to Warrington that the "Pals" battalion had fallen through. Why could not young men come along and form " Pals " companies? He would put friends to- gether in companies. (Cheers.) The Captain announced that the hours for re- cruiting were from nine to three, and from six to eight in the evening.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMANY-THE IMPLACABLE FOE.

Mr. ROBERT PIERPOINT, who was given a cordial welcome on rising to speak, said it was a pleas- ure to him to know that in addressing that, meeting he was speaking to many of those who were his friends and who had not forgotten him. "You have an implacable foe to face," said the speaker, warming to his subject, "and one who does not give way easily, but if our soldiers are true, as they will be true, to the traditions of their forefathers, they will drive that foe back, and we shall make our peace, not in London or in Paris, but in Berlin." (Cheers.) Never was there a time like the present when the young men were so much needed by the country. They might say "Why don't you do the job yourselves." The answer was obvious! Unfortunately they could not put back the clock and men of his age were no longer useful for the front. (A Voice from the gallery ob- served: " I wish they were !" and cheers were raised when it was seen that interjector was an old man, grey haired, but erect.) What would happen in this country if the enemy had-iiis way? They could easily imagine, judging by what had happened in Belgium. I,et them think of Rheims and then Picture to themselves what the fate of such places as Oxford and Cam- bridge would be—the grand old buildings de- stroyed. Let them also think of St. Paul's and of Westminster Abbey laid in ashes. But he trusted that with the help of their grand Fleet, which was watching, watching day and night—always in imminent danger, but always ready that such dangers as he had hinted at would be, as they had been in the past, absolutely avoided. As a friend re- cently remarked to him, they all knew that their Fleet was magnificent and always ready, but what they did not know was that their Army was so magnificent as was proving to be the case. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Our Army Splendid, But Too Small.

But, at the same time, the Army, splendid as it was in its courage, great as it was in its deeds, was much too small. That was why they were there that night appealing to the young men of the loyal town of Warrington to come forward. What greater or nobler thing could a young man do than to offer his services to the country that he loved? (Cheers.) If he might travesty for a moment he would ask:

And how can man die better Than facing fearful odds, ' For the ashes of his fathers And the temples of his Gods?

And for the tender mother Who dangled him to rest, And for the wife who nurses His baby at her breast, And for the holy maidens Who feed the eternal flame, To save Ahem from false William That wrought the deed of shame? (Cheers.)

England at a Crisis.

England, said Lord Roberts, stood at the crisis of her fate. She depended on her young men, and they would not fail her in the hour of her need. (Cheers.) The speaker went on to recall the unveiling of the O'Leary statue, and said that the names of the battles carved thereon would live for ever in the history of the nation. But, to-day, the manhood of the country had the opportunity of emblazoning on the hearts and memories of the nation the names of battles even greater .than those which graced the old flags, battles that would live for ever in the pages of our island story. (Applause.) It might be, the speaker continued, that there were some listening to him who, momentarily, thought, "Why should I forsake my work and my ease? Why should Ibe uncomfortable when others will do the job?" That was not the light in which to look upon the present crisis. When peace came—as they hoped it would before long —and the young men to whom that appeal was being addressed, but who heeded it not, had children clustering round their knees and lisp- ing lips asked, "What did you do, father?" Think what his feelings would be

===== 0002601_19141003_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
)ix-la\-Chapelle, August 19th.

when he answered, "I did nothing in the great war because it was too difficult and too dangerous." On the other hand, think of the pride of the man who was able to say, "I served with the South Lancashires." (Cheers.) "Surely," said Mr. Pierpoint, in conclusion, "you must hear the trumpets sounding, you must hear the drums beating? Listen whilst they call. Don't let your doubts influence you, but go forward like men to serve the King, the kingdom and the Empire.

Thus they answered, hoping, fearing, Some in faith, and doubting some, Till the trumpet voice proclaiming, Said "My chosen people, come." Then the drum, lot was dumb, For the great heart of the nation, Throbbing, answered, "Lord, we come!" (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
PARTY POLITICIANS AN EXTINCT

SPECIES.

Mr. CROSFIELD, who met with a most cordial reception, prefaced a striking address by say- ing that he was very proud to have that oppor- tunity of supporting the appeal that was being made on behalf of what was, beyond all com- parison far the greatest cause that had ever enlisted the enthusiasm, the energy and the patriotism of our people. It gave him special pleasure to find himself standing in the midst of a group of interesting and fortunate survivals of that extinct species, the party politician. (Laughter and applause.) He thought it a very I healthy thing for the country at the present time that party differences had been entirely sunk, submerged, and obliterated owing to the magnitude of the great issue With which we were confronted. (Applause.) He was sure that every one in that hall had rejoiced to hear the really noble appeal that had just been uttered by his old friend, Mr. Pier- point. (Hear, hear.) He felt that hesmust con- gratulate Mr. Pierpoint upon the way the years treated him, for his speech was as worthy of the man, yes, and as full of fire, as, the eloquent and splendid speech—a speech he (the speaker) would never forget—which he made in that very hall on the occasion of the unveiling of the memorial Which they raised to their old friend, Major O'Leary. The war that was raging to-day, Mr. Crosfield continued, constituted the greatest cause that had ever enlisted the enthusiasm and determination of the English race. He did not say that simply because of the vast numbers en- gaged in it, though, undoubtedly, from the spec- tacular point of view, it was not only a terrible, but also a marvellous, and, at times, magnificent spectacle. But it was not that which appealed to them. What was stirring the heart of England as they had never seen it stirred before, and with a unanimity they had never before witnessed, was the deep-rooted feeling they had all got of the overwhelming importance of the issues at stake. He did not say the issue, because there were many issues at stake. They had heard a great deal in some of the magnificent speeches deliv- ered in the country about the first issue that brought things to a crisis so far as Great Britain was concerned. They had heard a great deal about the sanctity of treaties and the rights of the smaller nationalities in Europe to live their lives and work out their civilisation and their salvation along with the larger nations.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
The First Issue.

- That was the first issue that confronted this nation—the question of our duty to Belgium. , (Cheers.) It was about a century and a quarter since our great philosophic statesman Burke, influenced, terrified and rendered indignant as I he was by the excesses of the French Revolution, said that the age of chivalry was dead. They might be permitted to think that that great philosopher erred in saying that. It would be a sad thing for old England now if the age of chivalry was dead. There were other aspects of the present mighty struggle, but so far as the smaller nationalities were concerned there still remained an element of the old spirit of chivalry. Not only in ' the thick of the fight would that be noticed, but when it was all over, and when it mine to a settlement, the first con- sideration among the Allies, great and small alike, would be, "What can we do to make some reparation to the little country that bore the brunt of the agony and with such bravery faced the overwhelming opposition of her brutal foe? (Cheers.) Of course, the fair face of France. too, had been marred and sullied by the brutal invader, and she was, perhaps, the next country for consideration after Belgium. (Hear, hear.) If Britain had allowo the jack-booted, inso- lent, arrogant, pipe-clayed Prussian—(laughter) —to get France under his thumb, this country would have had the next reckoning and all our Empire with it. And the Empire had shown that it knew it. (Cheers.)

—Then there was the 'United States. The schemers of Potsdam had done their level best to hoodwink America, but our cousins across the water • were not having any of it. (Applause.) In fact, as far as he (the speaker) could see, no nation was having it. (Renewed applause.) The other day Mr. Wason, quoting from a letter written by an American friend of his, said that it really appeared that the Kaiser had not got anybody on his side except the Almighty, and they had only got the Kaiser's word for that. (Laughter.) It was not only the interests of the smaller nations, of France and, oft. our Empire, that we were fighting for; there was an even wider cause than that. When this great struggle was over they all knew that-the frenzied competition in armaments which had added hundreds of millions of pounds a year to the national expenditure of the countries of Europe would be dealt with. (Applause.)

What Britain is Helping To Do.

The rulers of Germany were responsible for the whole thing, and by checking this insane and wasteful expenditure Britain would help to inaugurate a new era and would help Europe to take a step in advance. We should help to bring about a healthier condition of things under which the nations of Europe could devote their energies and live their lives to better purpose. But they could not expect to achieve that end unless they made some sacri- fices, and so they were making them, and they were going to continue to make them for the greatest and worthiest object for which sacri- fices were ever made. (Cheers.) For his part, he did not altogether think first of the men who made the sacrifices, but rather of the mother, the wife and the sister, who, staying at home, lived in suspense, reading, with bated breath, the lists that told of the wounded and of the heroes who had sacrificed their lives. Sometimes he could not help feeling that, whilst they ought to recognise that great sacrifices had to be made on the battle field, they ought most of all to respect the heroines who faced those sacrifices and all that they entailed. (Hear, hear.) Also, they ought not to pass over with light recognition the noble work that was being done by the noble women of this country in tending the sick and wounded on the stricken field. (Applause.) Let their respect be first for them! And as for the heroes, who had given of their best, who had sacrificed themselves in limb and even in life, they grieved for them, but at the same time they realised that there was a silver lining to the cloud. They had only to cast their minds around the circle of their acquaintance and they would find that

they all knew some family amongst whose prede- cessors one or more played his part in that world-shaking contest, that mighty battle, the echoes of which seemed even now to reverberate in Europe. Waterloo! Did they know of any event in the whole history of such family that was regarded With so much pride as the fact that a predecessor fought on that historic field? It reminded one of the immortal reputation, the deathless fame, of those people in ancient his- tory whose names,a.nd whose deeds thrilled our nation still. (Applause.) And so he said that, even where some had suffered in the present Titanic contest, there was already a silver lining to the cloudy Next year, on June 18th, they would be celebrating the centenary of the great battle to which he had referred. When that battle took place in 1815 the people of this and other countries had not got their "Late Extras" and "Final Editions" of the evening papers. News was circulated a little differently. When Waterloo was won, one of those who helped to make the glorious news known in Warrington— speaking from a very rudimentary and entirely improvised platform in Sankey-street—was his (the speaker's) grandfather. (Cheers.)

A Glorious Anniversary. The 18th of June next year was the date of the hundredth anniversary of that glorious victory, and he was sanguine enough to hope that by the time next summer came round—and he would not venture to be more sanguine than that-they would not only be celebrating Waterloo, but would also be rejoicing over a triumph that would even put the epoch-making victory of 1815 into the shade. (Applause.) And when the time came for celebrating the success of the Allies' arms in the present colossal conflict he hoped, with all his heart, that many of the gal- lant sons of Warrington would return home with imperishable honour as possessors of a share—the most active possible share—in the achievement of the greatest victory of all time. (Cheers.) Mr. Crosfield proceeded to allude to the race problems and colour problems-wTth which the world would still be confronted. He did not allude to class problems; and sex problems should be handled delicately. 7-I],Tighter.) He did not intend to skate very far over that very thin ice. . (Laughter.) But looking to the future nothing struck him as more difficult or more serious than these race problems and colour problems. Bearing that in mind, he envied the man who was sanguine enough to believe that this war would be an end of wars. Although he dared not hope for so blessed an issue as that, still he was absolutely convinced that a repeti- tion of the present Armageddon—for Armaged- don it was—should he made, so far as the nations of civilised Europe were concerned, now and for ever impossible. (Hear, hear, and ap- plause.) Europe could never afford a second Armageddon, and that was just why they had to make a thorough job of it this time, and why the prospect before the Kaiser and his reckless advisers was, at the present time, as black as Erebus, without one gleam or ray of daylight to encourage them. (Cheers.) He did not speak of an alternative issue to the struggle. This country and her Allies might meet with adver- sity, might have terrible reverses, the war might be prolonged and victory delayed, but it was only a matter of time, a question of months, and victory must rest with Britain and her friends. Victory must be theirs because they could not tolerate any alternative. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Crosfield went on to refer to the miscalcula- tions which had led Germany, through her leaders, into her present hopeless and disastrous position. They thought the gospel of blood and iron was more powerful than the principles of international law and international justice. They did not reckon with that intense love of freedom which pervaded the larger nations of Europe, and was not less intense among the smaller nationalities. They did not reckon with Belgium—(cheers)—and the magnificent courage with which, in the face of overwhelming num- bers, Belgium had resisted a Frutal and cruel foe. Then the Kaiser and his ad- visers counted on the disaffection and 'weakness, as they thought it, of the British Empire. They did not reckon on the Imperial Forces in South Africa being led at the present time by the man who, only thirteen years ago, was this country's greatest opponent in the field. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) They did not reckon on that, because Prussian junker- dom did not understand the healing power and the hidden strength that the concession of self-government in the case of our South African Empire had, in fact, effected. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
'OBER 3, 1914.

eat tremendous war an absolute certainty. The first reason was the marvellous and almost world-wide response from the British depen- dencies and colonies. The second reason was that the men were flocking to the colours in their thousands, men who were throwing up situations, leaving home, father, mother, aye,, and in thousands of cases, wives and children, to go for 3s. a day to serve King and country. The third reason was that never was there a time in the history of this country when they could better ask the blessing of the Almighty upon their efforts. Britain had no shame in this matter. Everything she did was done for the cause of righteoufness and justice. (Cheers.) 1 She sought no territory, no aggrandisement. "Don't let it be said of you young men, as you leave the hall to-night," pleaded the speaker by way of conclusion, "that you neglected to do your duty in this great and serious moment." (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR TURN NEXT.

Mr. J. ELWELL ha,d a few words to say. If Germany had smashed' France and Belgium, and had been able to humiliate Russia, there could not be the least doubt but that it would have been the turn of Great Britain next. When they saw the ruin that had been wrought in the fair countries of their two splendid Allies, France and Belgium, the people of this country ought to rejoice that they knew not the horrors of war from personal experience. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
KEEPING UP WARRINGTON'S TRADITIONS.

Alderman BENNETT then -proposed a liearty vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding. His Wor- ship, he said, had most ably led his fellow citizens in this great crisis, and they were re- sponding to the calls that had to be made upon them in a noble way. The traditions of War- rington were great traditions, and he did not think the people of the town were falling below them at the present juncture. (Hear, hear.) Right back in the Middle Ages it was written that "Lancashire men like lions laid them about.", Referring to the fact that Wednesday was Lord Roberts's birthday, the speaker said that he believed in the gallant soldier's National Servite propaganda, though admitting that one volunteer was worth two pressed men. " If," the speaker added, "we can fulfil the noble pur- pose which that grand old veteran has at heart, and raise the army we need without ay sem- blance of compulsion, I believe no one will be mcire gratified than Lord Roberts himself. Please Lord Roberts by making that 600 up to- night!" Mr. F. A. FROST seconded, and the vote hav- ing been enthusiastically carried, the meeting closed with the National Anthem, sung with a fervour that it did the heart good to note.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
MEMORIES AS HEIRLOOMS. Mr. Crosfield Addresses the New

Recruits.

A pleasant surprise was given to about 150 recruits for the Territorial (Reserve) Battalion when listening to a lecture in the recreation ground in Bank Park on Thursday morning. Lieutenant Townroe, the lecturer, was referring to the present war, when Mr. Arthur H. Cros- field, accompanied by Mrs. Crosfield and Miss Broadbent, arrived on the scene. Mr. Crosfield briefly addressed the men, re- marking how proud he was that they were amongst the first to flock to the colours to up- hold the name of Warrington and Lancashire. He would like, he said, to repeat what was uttered in the Parr Hall on Tuesday night, viz., that anyone who had the good fortune to go and help in the defeat of the Germans would have priceless memories, which would be handed down to future generations, and would be treasured by those who came after as being something in the nature of family heirlooms.

Continued in next column.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIELD RECRUITING. sth Battalion of the Lancashires in Formation.

YOUNG MEN URGED TO VOLUNTEER. After the match at Wilderspool on Satur- day afternoon, the crowd were invited to turn their attention from football to the more serious claims of Mars, two brief recruiting meetings being held, one in front of the dressing-rooms and the other near the big exit —lte. Two -

.0' ig gate. Another German Miscalculation. thusiastic crowds surrounded the speakers, the They counted upon Ireland being a drag on largest being addressed by the Rev. W. Brace. the Empire. They thought that as, for cen- camp and Lieut. Williamson, of the 4th South tunes, it had been held that Britain's adversity Lancashire (Territorials) Regiment. was Ireland's opportunity, this country would The Rev. W. Braceeamp, who was received have been torn by dissension. In fact, the with cheers, began a brief address by postulat- Kaiser counted upon it; he thought that it ing that the man who was prepared to sacrifice would be necessary to keep many a score of himself for his country was a worth man, thousand of English troops at home to hold whilst the most glorious death that an"' man Ireland down. He never dreamed that we could die was to die for his country. Seven should have Ireland heart and soul with us. hundred more men were wanted from this dis- (Cheers.) From first to last the Kaiser had trict, and he hoped that they would be forth. miscalculated. Time and again the Germans coming before Monday evening, and, for the sake had told this country that, given the opportu- of King and country, he appealed to suitable nity, our colonies would round on us, and that young men to lose no time in giving in their the British Empire would go to pieces, whilst as names. We did not want the Germans here, for India well, she was only waiting but unless we were very careful, unless our to throw off the Imperial connection young men were prepared to do their duty, at the first opportunlry. What an they would come. (A Voice: "Never.") As answer the Kaiser and his precious ministers our men got killed in the fighting line others and advisers had received and were still getting, were required to take their places, and it was (Cheers.) From first to last Germany had been imperative that they should be forthcoming. wrong in her deduction and she had to be taught . a lesson by means of this war—a war that the 700 MORE WARRINGTON MEN WANTED. Germans were going to lose! (Renewed cheers.) Lieut. Williamson said that lie and brother Another ',lesson awaited her when it came to a officers had been asked to come down to War. matter of settlement. It would be a settlement rington and form a new battalion, and, as based upon the nationalities of Europe, upon they had heard, 700 more men were required. government by consent; a settlement that would Altogether a thousand men were wanted from give to the world a real concert of Europe, a set- this district, and already they had got 300. tlement that would put an end to the misguided They preferred to take batches of pals, and they attempt at an equipoise of powers between two would endeavour to see that such pals were rival groups; a settlement that would give us drafted away together. They would, so far as one strong central authority, for which the ever was practicable, be kept together—they nucleus existed at present in our powerful and would work together, feed together, sleep to. splendid group of Allies; a settlement under the gether, always be together, and, if necessary, tegis of which the small nations, nay, more, an fight together. The battalion had to be kept at the nations of Europe, could live their lives, and full strength, and they wanted another 500 men in peace and sanity work out their own salva- at least, or, preferably, another 700, every one tion. (Loud and prolonged applause.) . of whom would be ready to serve abroad if re- quired. They might never be required to go GERMANY THE AGGRESSORS, abroad, but, of course, the army must have re- Mr. W. PETER ItYLANDB was the next speaker, inforcements behind them in case of necessity. and in the course of a spirited address he said , It was essential that when peace was going to that we were a free nation and that the British be brought about England must have a tre- people did not fight unless they were quite con- mendous number of men in reserve, so that the fident that they were fighting in a righteous Government would be in a position to dictate their own terms. If there were no reserve cause. That they were convinced that in the present struggle the cause they espoused was a forces ready at hand the Germans, French or right and just one was evident, not merely from Russians would simply say, when it came to a the wonderful way in which all differences, poli- matter of terms, "Where are you? You have tical and otherwise, had been dunk in this nothing more to say, because you have no more country, in support of the tremendous enter- men to put into the field; we have another prise in which she was engaged, but also from million men we can call upon!" Consequently, the attitude of the whole world which, with England wanted to be powerful. (Hear, hear.) W but few exceptions, shared this country's view Warrington had, so far, done very well; it has and condemned the action of Germany. Any. beaten most towns of its size; aye, it had beaten one who had studied the politics of Europe larger ones. (Cheers.) during the last ten or twenty years must agree In recognition of that fact this was probably that Great Britain, France and Russia were all the last appeal that would be made to Warring- peace-loving people, and except for the neces- ton, and they did not want Warrington to fail sity of having to stand up when attacked, had in it. Lancashire men had been doing splen- d not the slightest desire to fight anyone. On the di work, both at home and abroad. For in, other hand, Germany, throughout the whole of stance, a company of men from Newton engaged that period, had continued to eXpand her arma- in the putting up of wire entanglements and the ments and her armies, quite beyond any pos- digging of trenches had accomplished in three - sible necessities, if her object had been merely and a half hours what generally took the best to defend herself against attack. The only part of a day. (Hear, hear.) The coast line of object that Germany had in mind—now revealed the Firth was a danger zone, and German sub- in its true colours—was the establishment of a marines had actually been up to it. The night German military domination over the whole before he (the speaker) left the neighbourhood world. (Hear, hear.) Time and again she had of the Firth to come down to Warrington there sought suitable occasion when she could attack was an exciting rumour to the effect that Ger- with but little fear of hurt to herself. They man troopships were on their way to the Forth, all remembered the Agadir incident, when the but happily, though the vessels in question Panther flung into the face of France a grave Proved to be troopships right enough, they were affront, and when it looked as if nothing in the not German. world could prevent war. But there was one thing that did, and that was the speech made by Mr. Lloyd George expressing the determination of Great Britain to stand by France. (Cheers.) Immediately, on that declaration of this Coun- try's support, the Germans found some method of climbing down. "Britain," Mr. Rylands continued, "wants peace and all the benefits of civilisation that will follow thereon, and the reason we are in this war is that we are fighting for our lives, for our very existence. To many of us it is a matter of some little shame that, while France has placed all the flower of her manhood in the field, we have hilt 100,000 men fighting shoulder to shoulder with her. Proud as we are of their deeds, splendidly as they are upholding the honour and glory of this coun- try, we must all feel that we are not, as a nation, doing what we should in this dire hour of peril. It is not for Great Britain to seek to shield her shores, her possessions and her liberties behind the arms of France."

VICAR OF ST. PAUL'S.

The Rev. W. Braceca.mp then read to the crowd a letter which had been received from Arthur Naylor, a former Warrington player, who, having volunteered for active service, is now with the 4th Battalion of the Grenadier Guards. .

The text of the letter will be found in an- other column, under the heading "Letters from our soldiers." What Naylor was doing, com- mented the rev, gentleman, many more could do. As they all knew, several young men be- 1 longing to the clubs in the Intermediate League had offered their services. Six, seven, eight or nine from nearly every team had volunteered. (Cheers.) The loyalty of these lads was abso- lutely wonderful, and was a stimulus to all of suitable age to remember that whilst only twenty-six players could play at a time on that football ground, thousands were wanted to play in the great game which was proceeding on the other side of the English Channel. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion the rev, gentleman said that he was sure that many of the young men standing

===== 0002601_19141003_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A CERTAIN ISSUE.

Councillor ROBERTS said there were three reasons which made the final issue of the pres-

===== 0002601_19141003_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS.

THE PICTUREDROME.

"The Cross in the Cacti" and "Crowning Glory" are two of the premier films to be seen at the above popular picture theatre next week. Others of a humorous and sentimental nature will also be shown.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PICTURE HOUSE.

A most entertaining programme is to he sub- mitted at the Picture House next week, when the principal films will be "Torquato Tasso" and "The Afghan Raiders." Numerous other films will be shown.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

" A Lesson in Temperance" is the title of an original absurdity presented by Solo, a comedian of exceptional merit, at the Hippodrome this week. Many ludicrous and gruesome spectres await the inebriated one, who learns his lesson to the tune of the rollicking laughter of the audience. This is only one of the many good things provided, for Fred Durant and Co. supply plenty of fun in the burlesque " Every- thing." There is plenty of by-play in the sketch to provide mirth, and a smart contortionist turn is provided by one member of the com- pany, whilst the other gentleman "keeps the pot boiling" with his witty sallies. Henry and Leigel present something new in the way of Tango dancing and eccentricity. Mr. Henry is a marvellous forward somersault thrower and acrobat, and thrills the house with his daring somersault over seven men seated on chairs. John and Lilian Grand pay a welcome return visit and their singing in the vocal playlet, "At Home and Abroad," is quite as rich as ever. Edna Latonne is a dashing male impersonator, who scores a pronounced success in her latest numbers. Lilian Carter pleases as a soprano vocalist with a very sweet voice, and the war pictures are full .of interest.

Next Week's Fare.

A first-class programme is announced for next week. It will include George D'Albert, the bright and breezy comedian; and Frank Hart- ley, a clever juggler. Another big turn will be provided by Ernest Montefiore and Co., in "The Little Colonel."

===== 0002601_19141003_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
POPULAR DRAMA AT THE ROYAL

COURT.

A drama that makes an irresistible appeal to the emotion holds the boards at the Royal Court Theatre this week, in the shape of that old favourite, "Driven from Home." Aged as the play may be in these days of ephemeral dramatic triumph, it has lost none of its power to enthral—to grip and hold the house from rise to fall of the curtain. Miss Muriel Dean gives a most impressive portrayal of the part of "Laura Raybrook," the persecuted daughter. Mr. George Mitchell, acting with consummate skill, makes the part of the cruel, unbending father almost "live." Mr. T. L. Howe is a dashing Walter Hatherleigh, whilst Mr. G. Gaisford makes a suave-tongued villain. Mr. Alex. Alexandra, as Weetie, the outcast, touches ' the hearts of the audience, and the comedy ele- ment is well supplied by Messrs. Winters, Hardy and Bate (bellringers), Mr. F. C. Imbert as John Anderson, and Miss Belle Tilbury as Margaret Bailey. Mr. Harry Cornwall is very good as the faithful butler. Emotional Drama Next Week.

Miss Leila Zillwood*s Company in the great emotional drama, "The Rival Mothers," will occupy the boards at this popular play-house next week.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
STAR KINEMA.

A fine programme submitted on the first three nights of the week included "Nan Good-for- nothing," a delightful film picturing the reform- ation of the somewhat refractory young lady named in the title. Some rousing war scenes at home and abroad were included in the enter- taining and instructive series of news-pictures, "The Gaumont Graphic." "The Night Riders of Petersham" proved a popular item in the programme, thrills being interwoven with a pretty love story. " Mabel's Bear Escapes" was a humorous subject, showing how a girl, acci- dentally, but fortunately, got rid of her unde- sirable suitors.

The second programme included the celebrated film "A Midnight Wedding."

Next Week.

An entertaining programme is promised for next week. On Monday, Tuesday and Wednes- day "The Gunmakers of Moscow" will be the "star" film, and on the last three days "A Lady of Quality" will be the big attraction.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST-RATE FARE AT ANDREWS'.

TI4 management of Andrews' Picture House present a strong programme this week. "Alligators" is an instructive natural history film. In "Tony the Greaser" the hero falls in love with the daughter of a ranch owner, but his affections are unrequited. Unaided, t e saves the ranch from an insurrectionist attack, and it is only after lie is found dead on the ranch that the heart-broken girl realises her love for him. "A man for a' that" shows how a young society man becomes disgusted with the insincerity of his surroundings, and, upon the elopement of his fiancee with a fortune- hunting count, marries a girl of the poorer .classes. A humorous film tells how "Bertie and his boots" are not suited to each other, so he takes them off, only to be arrested as a member,of a "barefoot gang" of housebreak- ers. He is, however, rescued from his dilemma by the young lady he adores. " The Woman in Black" tells of a clever crook, who, with her male accomplice, is smartly caught by one of the victims of the precious pair. "When Hazel met the Villain" is the title of a film of strong dramatic interest, telling how there is trouble, because the villain loves the heroine, despite the fact that she is married. His evil plot to kill her, however, fails in a most amus- ing manner, and all ends happily.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FRENCH AT RABAT.

Since the French took a slice of Morocco it has become necessary to transform the old native seaport town of Rabat into a capital city. General Lyautey, the Governor, is now at work on this, and the way he has gone about it is a striking example to city builders. General Lyautey found that the speculators had preceded him and bought up all the best sites for several miles around the old town. They had begun doing as they did at Casa- blanca, which as a result looks as if one had emptied boxes of chessmen, dominoes and dice upon a vast billiard table. Rabat is not to be like this. General Lyautey, on looking over the ground, found this to begin upon : An old Moorish town clustered about an ancient citadel situated at the end of a cape jutting out into the sea. The town surrounded by high stone walls cut by monumental towers with gates in the best style of Moorish architecture. Mosques here and there; a few fountains, and, crowning all, the beautiful Hassbn. Tower, twin sister of the Giralda of Seville. A mile and a half of gardens and orchards, then another Moorish wall.

General Lyautey had architects draw up a general scheme for a city. The old Moorish town is to be left as it is; the new city is to surround it. Among the most striking regula- tions are these: Nothing may be built within a certain zone around the old walls, so that nothing shall hide the imposing grandeur of this Arab wall. Moorish architecture is the only style permitted; all designs for buildings .must be submitted to the Resident-General. The maximum height of buildings is axed by law. In the residential zone the surface built upon may not exceed one-third of the surface occu- pied, the rest being reserved for gardens. The hedges of aloes and cactus have been cut down and wooden fences substituted, thus revealing enchanting masses of orange groves and other fruit trees.

FOOTBALL FIELD BEClFlTlNG—continued.

-- around, that afternoon would deem it a pri7 vi.. lege to go and fight for the colours and thus help to hasten the time when the war would be brought to a successful issue. (Applause.) It was then announced that the following telegram had been received from Mr. A. H. Crosfield : "Thanks very much for telegram. Will most certainly attend meeting on Tues- day." Mr. Harold Smith, it was added, had also been invited, but his answer had not yet been received. "Now, lads," cried Lieut. Williamson, as he moved off, "we are looking to you to get a sth DWalioa together:f-

===== 0002601_19141003_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORTS FOR OUR SOLDIERS.

WOMEN LIBERALS' EFFORT.

Mr. and Mrs. Crosfieht at the Memorial

Hall.

. It was indeed an inspiring scene that met the gaze of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Crosfield when, In Thursday, they visited the "John Crosfield Memorial Hall. Enthusiastic women tind busy machines were turning out articles of lot%irg for soldiers and refugees on a large >cide, re- flecting, in some measure, the determination of the women of the country to do their share— the more womanly and humane share—in the present struggle. Already the Women's Liberal Association have provided about 1,000 garments and they will continue to send consignments of wearing apparel each week. Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield watched the ladies at their work and said a few words of encourage- ment and appreciation to them, hearty cheers rewarding the Liberal candidate and his wife for the trouble they 114 d taken in paying the visit and for the interest they displayed in the work.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WOULD ENLIST IF SHE WERE A MAN.

Mrs. Crosfield, addressing the workers, said Splendid deeds were being done in that room. She was delighted to see so many working hard to supply garments and comforts to the men who were fighting the battle of the Empire, and, by their wonderful deeds of prowess, were mak- ing a name of which we should always be proud. (Applause.) In war time the lot of the women, who had to stay at home in suspense, was harder than that of the men who had the excitement of the fighting, and then came home to be hon- oured by their fellows and welcomed by their families.

"I wish I were a man," continued Mrs. Cros- field ;"I would enlist straight away. I envy them. (Applause.) The next best thing we can do is to work for them. The women of England are doing quite as much work in their way as the men, because we are working to keep them well and strong, preventing them from catching cold and illness. If the soldiers are fit they will be the better able to defeat the enemy. (Applause.) When this sewing meeting was first started I sent a donation to Mrs. Osborne, thinking it would be large enough to buy materials for months and months, but you have all done such good service that that donation has been exhausted. lan delighted to hear it, and as long as you continue I shall be delighted to send donations. We have sent away a fine supply of garments, and I hope we - shall be able to send them week by week." In conclusion, Mrs. Crosfield said that none of them could be too grateful to Mrs. Min Cros- field for providing them with such charming quarters in which to do their work. (Applauk.) GOOD USE FOR THE HALL.

Mr. Crosfield said he was sure nothing would please Mrs. John Crosfield more than to know that the Hall was being put to such good use so early in its career. It would do her heart good to see it. The lads and lasses of Lanca- shire looked the tragic side of warfare squarely and courageously in the face. They must not forget, however, that their lads were coming home again after having taken part in the greatest triumph which the civilised or uncivil- ised world had ever wen. (Applause.) Having paid a glowing tribute to the organ- isers of the meetings, Mr. Crosfield said that with such leadership the ladies' industry and patriotism, they could not fail to succeed in their good purpose. (Loud applause.)

===== 0002601_19141003_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNDS WANTED.

An urgent appeal signed by Mrs. Crosfield, Miss Truda Crosfield and Mrs. Osborne has been issued, asking for donations to aid the good work they are doing. The circular points out that should the war end before long, the sur- plus garments will go to relieving those at home.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
"FLOW OF GARMENTS." North Sea Mine Sweepers and Belgians

Remembered.

The flow of garments into the Town Hall shows no sign of abatement. On Thursday 488 articles were received and apportioned by Mrs. Edelsten and her helpers, as follows :—Warm shirts, helmets, socks and scarves were des- patched to London for the use of the mine sweepers in the North Sea, on whose behalf the Admiralty have issued an appeal, 129; articles for the use of the French and English Red Cross Hospitals at the front, 288; garments to the Base Hospital at Liverpool, 43; and a parcel of new and second-hand clothing to the Belgian Relief Fund in London. Grateful letters of thanks were read by Mrs. Edelsten from M. Navaux, on behalf of the Bel- gians; the Lady Mayoress of Liverpool, Lady Barr and Mrs. Raw, and from Mr. Stanley Wilson.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN NURSES. A Successful Girl Worker at Appleton.

The ladies 0 the Nursing Division of the Warrington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade are this week sending away their first parcel of shirts, socks, bed jackets, body belts, vests and comforters: They have also a large quantity of old linen for which they have to thank several friends. Worthy of special men- tion is a twelve-year-old worker of Appleton, Amy Mills, who has collected over „t 2 for the fund. "I wish a few more would follow her example," writes Mrs. Fisher, the honorary secretary, "for we need a lot of clothing, espe- cially for the hospitals abroad. Will the people of Appleton accept our thanks for the way they have so nobly responded. Mr. Simpson, an- other inhabitant of Appleton, has collected over £l, and I think for so small a village we have done fine. Our thanks are also due to Mrs. Briggs, who has been an ardent worker for the cause; we should have been lost without her; and Mrs. Williams, of Orford-lane." Thanks are also due to Mr. Armitage, for a large parcel of calico; Miss McClinton, for flan- nel and cotton; old linen from Mrs. Nolland, Mrs. Simpson and Miss Newns; body belts frem Miss Banning; and several friends not known. Money collected by "Little Amy," £2; .Mr. Simpson, £1; Miss Appleton, Is. Bd.; the Misses Williams, 11s.; Mrs. Warhurst, 55.; and Mrs. Fisher, 15s.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SINGING FOR " TOMAIrS " WINTER

r

),,

4 V L

I t

• `3 , ff

===== 0002601_19141003_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
AATEAR.

Arranged ty the Elmwood-avenue Cricket, Football and Tennis Club, a successful concert was held in the Congregational Schoolroom re- cently in aid of the Territorial Winter Garment Fund. The artistes, who gave their services free, were Miss Elsie Hewitt (soprano), Mr. J. Sephton (tenor), Mr. E. H. Pearce (bass), Mr. w. j. Hopkins (humorist), Mr. T. Crowe (alto), and Mr. W. H. Dutton (baritone), with Mr. A. E. Trow as accompanist. An excellent pro- gramme was presented, sandwiched between the items of which was a clever conjuring enter- tainment by Professor Basteau and Mr. A. Lloyd.—The Rev. C. Pitt was in the chair, and during the interval Mrs. Brereton Pairolough urged upon the audience the necessity of Pro- viding extra woollen garments for the local Territorials during the coming winter. The concert realised £8 lls, for the worthy object in hand.

v .1 ,

I

===== 0002601_19141003_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANSPORT AND SUPPLY. c More Men Wanted.

Men are wanted for the West Lancashiro Division Army Service Corps, Transport and Supply column, to complete the company being raised to replace the company that has volun- teered for active service. Saddlers, farriers, motor and horse owners are particularly re- quired. A recruiting officer will attend at 46, Legh-street, each evening between 7 and 9 o'clock, until the men required have been en- listed.

ovER 50 YEARS' SIICCESS.—During the pist fifty years thoushnds of letters have been received bear- iri testimony to truly wonderful cures effected by cLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula. Scurvy. Eczema, Abscesses, Ulcers. Glandular Swellings. Bad Legs. Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test its. value. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Refuse aubstitutes.—Advt. C.

. - .

===== 0002601_19141003_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
, ; g :

I

• I.

1,40

.'E-..'-''...,E, io.

11, 0 A' tl 4 t. .

1-\

• •

A

===== 0002601_19141003_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

Harvest Festivals - Should these be held as usual now that we are at war? If so, should places of worship be decorated for them? Ought not the proceeds invariably to be handed over to the distress . funds? These questions have been raised, and Xt seems to me they can be simply and satisfac- torily disposed of in a few words. To the first one need hardly hesitate to return an emphatic affirmative. From all quarters we have news of a bountiful harvest, decidedly above the aver- age, as well as assurances of a continued food supply from abroad and the maintenance of our trade routes, with no likelihood of serious in- terruption. In so far, then, as the annual fes- tival is a service of real thanksgiving, it is more than justified by existing circumstances. As to whether emblems of the harvest should be brought into the sanctuary, why not? When I was in Yorkshire I once dropped a line to an old country clergyman asking for a paragraph respecting such an event, and he replied to the effect that the collections amounted to so much, but that he did not allow his church to be "turned into a cabbage show." That indicates where the line might well be drawn on these occasions. There can surely be no objection to the use of flowers and a little fruit at the fes- tivals, though personally I think corn should this time be excluded. The third question is, perhaps, more difficult; indeed, I am not sure that it is not impertinent on the part of an out- sider to pretend to deal with it. Obviously, while a prosperous and flourishing church might feel at liberty to apply the whole of the pro- ceeds to the national or local war fund, a small, struggling one, whose coffers have hitherto been replenished from this reliable source of income ought not to be suspected of selfishness and un- worthy conduct for not doing the like,, especially if they have already had a special collection for the very deserving object in question. The ordinary income of many little churches are bound to suffer during the crisis, and the offi- cials must not be expected to add to their finan- cial embarrassments by sacrificing the proceeds of the harvest festival offertories.

Tobacco for Our Soldiers. I have a good deal of sympathy with the move- ment for providing our brave fellows at the front with tobacco and cigarettes, and should like to commend it if I can do so without ap- pearing to encourage the youngsters at home to premature indulgence in "the weed." I have read the testimony of many old smokers who confidently attribute their freedom from sundry minor diseases to a liberal use of tobacco, the smoke of which they declare is a powerful de- stroyer of germs. I well remember this view being strongly upheld in the "Lancet" some years ago, the chief point of the argument being that the property in the smoke which has this killing effect is formaldehyde, a powerful anti- septic. As a matter of fact, I have the article before me as I write, but must contrive to put the whole in a nutshell. Quite briefly, then, germs are deposited in vast numbers in the nose in the process of inhaling the air, and it is easily conceivable that these are killed by the frequent passage of tobacco smoke through the organ. Formaldehyde is a very powerful disinfectant. One part in ten thousand parts of water will destroy all microbes, while the solution would have no effect whatever on human beings. The frequent presence of a powerful antiseptic in the mouth and nasal passages will presumably be good for the soldiers, particularly in prevail- ing conditions. , I recollect a competition in which a smoker (plainly one of the sort not likely to run into extravagance) kept an eighth of an ounce of tobacco alight for 103 minutes! Whether any imitators of this champion will be found among the recipients of supplies from the local "Tobacco Fund" may well be doubted, 'therefore intending subscribers may give freely with the conviction that the prospective con- signments will be greatly appreciated, and that, as young reporters are fond of phrasing it at the outset of their careers, justice will be done -*slim good things provided. 'Mow Women May Fight. By this time a considerable proportion of my readers have relatives or personal friends en- gaged in or preparing for perilous strife for the integrity and independence of the Empire we all hold so dear, and those who are hopelessly ex- cluded from that particular mode of warfare are naturally asking what they can do, not only directly to assist and comfort these courageous defenders of home and all that it involves and implies, but to cripple the enemy and weaken his rkources. Our women especially feel their fancied helplessness, although some pretty broad hints have already been given in "The Ex- aminer" as to how they may as truly wage suc- cessful warfare against the coarse, brutal, over- bearing and unscrupulous Germans and Aus- trians, as do our allied representatives at the front. With a cunning worthy of the super- sneaks of the universe, the enemy countries' emissaries have managed to flood our home mar- kets with their precious manufactures to the exclusion of British-Made goods, and thus to benefit at our expense to an extent which few of us suspected till the outbreak of hostilities brought us the amazing revelation. They have systematically resorted to the most artful de- vices for the evasion of the Merchandise Marks Act, labelling their articles with innocent-look- ing English names, concealing as far as possible the tell-tale "Made in Germany," and practising other characteristic tricks calculated to deceive the very elect. The United Kingdom seems to be overrun withftheir goods, in comparison.with which English manufactures are so scarce that one wonders what becomes of our home produc- tions. I have done my best to find some in neighbouring towns, and I advise any adven- turous friend engaging in such quest to take onl his voyage of discovery a powerful microscope— that is, if he can get one that has been made in Britain. While I asked for toys, cards, and other things of the kind, only to find that most of them came from the enemy, my wife tried the drapers' shops for gloves and underwear with the like result. On looking for the registered trademark, she almost invariably discovered half hidden among the characters the words " Made in Germany," " Wurtemberg," or "Saxony." Some who were buying these con- fessed to her that they had been quite unaware that Saxony is in Germany. One is glad and proud to learn that several local firms whose f advertisements appear in these columns stock mainly British things. Of course, enlightened 4 inhabitants of these parts have made up their ' minds to stand no nonsense of the kind now Indicated; they are very properly insisting upon guarantees from retailers as recommended in the "women's column" of this paper.

To Co-operators and Others. To paraphrase a famous saying, we are all oostkhe4at trade unionists nowadays, but it is odd ones here and there may have overlooked eoo their obligations in respect to the above matter. While we have all been earnestly denouncing and agitating against sweating in home indus- tries, some of us have been thoughtlessly buy- ing low-Priced German stuff regardless f the fact that the employes of those who have thereby been enabled t British hons 6 have successfully compete against ..,,0.,_ per week at had to work several hours rell'e7wYcouwntryt folk who rates of pay than our who have suffered from our rage for cheap "d nasty foreign lines. More- over, to buy at this juncture anything made in Germany or Austria] at obviously to sup- port an enemy countrys .: the expense of one's own kith and kin, and andtrl,De. false to those who are fighting for us deoabt the bulk of in every possible way. NIGY r on our support .. our retail traders may be they are practical sympathy in this Pencled upon for matter but make elaboratethe of their clearly to a great extent aantdthseeer'n customers. It is for these, then, always for British-made goods, that to ask "gekt them. The big firms may ar- rangements to capture German trade, and iiswdbone trusts they may be very successful; but ever they make their modest purchases, ito,,en- wives would bear these hints in mind and act accordingly, there would be plenty of Work everywhere and little need of distress funds. A complete boycott of all things German wilt do more than anything to hasten the overthrow of the Prussian megalomaniac and his Apaches.

The Ruling Passion. Father: "Welcome back to the farm, my boy! So ye got through the agricultural college all right?" Yes, father." Father: "I told ye to study chemistry and " physiology so you'd know best what to do with all kinds of land. W):iat do ye think of that meadow there?"

Great Scott! What a place eh 1"

===== 0002601_19141003_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
, •)' r

IN THE COURTS.

BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

TUESDAY. Before Councillor H. Roberts (in the chair) and Mr. C. Jackson Holmes.

Knocked Senseless With a Stick.—David Fletcher, a sheet mill worker, 14, Rhodes-street, was charged with assaulting Horace Peers and Thomas Lawton on Saturday, and also with wilfully doing damage to the extent of 155., to the property of Clara Palmer.—The Chief Con- stable said the assault on one of the complain- ants was a most savage one, and as it was ap- parent that the prisoner was not sane at the time, he suggested that he should be committed to the Workhouse on al4 days' order. If it was then found that he was all right he would be brought before the Court to answer the three charges. Dr. McKie was of the opinion that the man was hot always responsible for his actions, and the police shared that opinion.—Prisoner said he was not to blame; he had only acted in self-defence.—The Chief Constable: It was a most savage assault on one of the men whom he knocked senseless with a heavy walking-stick.— Prisoner was committed to the Workhouse on a 14 days' order, as suggested.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

Before Messrs. W. Roberts (in the chair), A J. Jolley, W. T. Williams and Dr. Naden. Put Her Child Under the Tap.—Alice Louisa Vernon, 3, Ford-street. Warrington, was charged with neglecting her two children.—Mr. Browne, for the N.S.P.C.C., said that the woman and her husband formerly lived in Shrewsbury, and the present proceedings were commenced there. Since then the parties had come to War- rington, to which place the woman belonged. At two o'clock the previous day the woman's nine-months-old child was crying, and she was so vexed with it—being drunk—that she said, " I will drown you or break your temper." She then put the child under the tap, and her mother rescued it by snatching it away from the prisoner, who acted like a mad woman for the time being.—Sergt. Metcalfe said that when he arrested the woman the previous night she was lying on a straw mattress helplessly drunk. When the warrant was read over to her, she said "1 don't neglect or ill-treat them."—Prisoner : I don't neglect them. I do take a little drink now and again, and that is the , cause of the trouble.—The case was adjourned until Tuesday in order that further particulars as to prisoner may be obtained from Shrewsbury. Unattended Horse.—John Arnold, a driver, employed by Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., and living at 4, 3lalmesbury-place, was summoned for being at such a distance from his horse and lorry that he had not proper control over it.—P.C. Hawkins deposed to seeing the horse and lorry unattended outside the Roan Cow Inn for 30 minutes. He saw the defend- ant, who said, "Me and my mate have been put- ting beer in the cellar and our people pay for us to stand there."—Cross-examined by Mr. Jenkins, for the defence, witness said the lorry was empty all the time. He could not see down the entry where the barrels were generally taken. He did not see Arnold's assistant come to the horse at intervals.—Mr, Jenkins: Did you notice the old mare? It looked a quiet old soul. —The Chief: We expect that! They all are.— Mr. Jenkins: Did you think it would have taken an earthquake to remove it?—The Chief: , More likely a German shell. (Laughter.)—For the defence it was contended that one of the men with the lorry was near enough to the horse to have control over it.—A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
£l,OOO FARM FIRE. Playing with Matches said to be

the Cause.

A disastrous farm fire occurred on Saturday at Woodfall Farm, Stockham, near Preston Brook, which is in the occupation of Mr. Wm. Astbury. The Warrington Fire Brigade were notified of the outbreak shortly after five o'clock and Supt. Turner despatched the steam engine " Major " and a full complement of men under the command of Sergt. Cook. On their arrival they found a large Dutch barn, 40 yards long, and its contents—eight bays of oats, wheat and baled straw—burning fiercely. Two other bays of baled straw in the vicinity were also ablaze. Prior to the arrival of the fire brigade the farm hands had removed a number of cattle from an adjoining shippon, but these voluntary workers were powerless to prevent the flames from spreading. The War- rington Brigade turned their attention to the saving of adjoining farm buildings and produce, but their task was made difficult owing to an in- sufficiency of water, which had to be pumped a distance of over 470 yards. It was fortunate that the wind was blowing the sparks away from other buildings in the vicinity, a fact which materially assisted the brigade in preventing ' the fire from spreading. Throughout the night the brigade were engaged in combating the flames, and it was not until two o'clock on Sun- day afternoon that the engine arrived back at headquarters. The premises are owned by Sir Richard Brooke, but the farmer suffers severely, as only part of the produce was insured. The damage is estimated at over £l,OOO. It is stated that the fire was caused by the son of a teamster playing with matches near the barn.

Summer's Joys. Senator Beveridge, in an after-dinner speech in Indianapolis, said of the summer: "The summer has its delights, but it also has its drawbacks. I heard one woman say to an- other the other day: My ,husband is plain spoken. He calls a spade a spade.' "'So does mine,' said the other woman, 'but I decline to repeat what he calls a lawn mower."

===== 0002601_19141003_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
DOCTORS ADVISE OPERATIONS

Avoided by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.

a For fifteen

rs I suffered excessively years I had hemorrages and the doctors tolsl me I would have to undergo a surgical operation but I began taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and am in good health now. I cannot praise your 7egetable Compound too highly. Every woman should take

it at middle life. I recommend it to both old and young for female ailments." (Name and address on request).

nd for nearly two "" • • • v

===== 0002601_19141003_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Another Operation Escaped.

"My troubles began with the loss of a child, and I had hemorrhages for four months. The doctors said a surgical operation was necessary, but I dreaded it and decided to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. The medicine has made me a healthy woman and I feel 3trong and do my own work." (IslFne and address on request.) Since we guarantee that all testimonials Which we publish are genuine, is it not fair to suppose that if Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has the virtue to help these women it will help any °the, woman who is suffering in a like manner Write to I, -rlay for a'free private book (to women only) to the Lady Manager, the Lydia E.,' Pinkham Medicine Co., 42a Hampstead Road, London, N.W. For 2s. 9d. she will send you a bottle of the Lydia E. Pinkham Vegetable Compound, or for 4s. 6d. a much larger bottle. - Any chemist will supply it at these figures.'

===== 0002601_19141003_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1914.

HARVEST FESTIVALS,

PARISH CHURCH.

The Bishop of Whalley was the preacher at the harvest thanksgiving service in the Parish Church on Thursday evening. There was a large congregation, and the choir rendered Barnby's tuneful anthem, "The Lord of the harvest," in delightful fashion, Mr. F. M. Darby presiding at the organ. Suitable harvest hymns were sung. The Bishop, in the course of his address, re- ferred to the recent controversy as -to whether, in view of the war, they ought to do away with harvest festivals this year. He could not help thinking that they would agree with him that if there ever was a year when it was their bounden duty to offer their most heartfelt thanks to God for the gifts of the earth that He had so boun- tifully bestowed upon them, it was this year be- yond all others. When they thought of some of those countries on the Continent, Belgium and the North of France: in particular, with their cornfields devastated by the ravages of war, or where the corn was uneut because there were none to gather it in, and compared that state' of things with what obtained in England, ought they not to thank God for His blessings? Taking for his text "Thou that hearest the Drayer, unto Thee shall all flesh come" (Psalm lxv. 2), the Bishop spoke eloquently on the power of prayer and said it was wonderful to see what the war had taught in the way of self- sacrifice and unselfishness. But if there was one thing more than another the war had taught them it was the power of prayer. They should all pray for the safety of our soldiers, who were fighting so splendidly for their coun-

try. Incidentally the Bishop mentioned that that night he was privileged to preach in the church of which his grandfather was the rector over 100 years ago. He believed that his grandfather was rector of Warrington for 20 years, beginning his tenure in 1802.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FEW DECORATIONS AT ST. GEORGE'S.

Harvest festival services were held at the St. George's Mission on Thursday and Sunday. On the first named day an impressive sermon was preached by the Rev. C. J. Buckmaster, of Hind- ley; whilst the service held on Sunday was con- ducted by the Rev. A. J Wadman. No elabor- ate scheme of decoration had been carried out; the altar only being beautified with a number of white hlies. At both services there were good congregations.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
METHODIST FREE CHURCH..

Harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Methodist Free Church, Buckley-street, on Sunday, when Mr. R. Pinches, of Chester, was the special preacher. In the morning he spoke on the goodness of God, and in the evening on the parable of the wheat and the tares. There was a specially large congregation in the evening, when the choir rendered two anthems, "The Lord is my shepherd" and "We plough the fields and scatter." A special musical service in the afternoon was also well attended. Mr. J. Bate was in the chair and Mr. Pinches gave an address on "Duty." Solos, which were much appreciated, were rendered by Mrs. W. Haywood and Miss Ethel Stanway, Miss M. Plinston accompanying.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SALVATION ARMY CELEBRATES HARVEST. .

_ , The Salvation Army harvest celebrations were continued in the Academy-street Hall on Satur- day, Sunday and Monday, all the services being very largely attended. The celebrations, which , were held specially for the young people, were conducted by Staff-Captain and Mrs. Mann, of Liverpool, who are the divisional secretaries of the young people's work. The meeting on Sat- urday night was a musical one, and refresh- ments were served during the evening. on Sunday three services were held, the programme at that in the afternoon being supplied by the children, who on Monday night also gave a special programme, several suitable selections being rendered in fine style by the Young People's Band, under the able leadership of Mr. J. Bate.

WORKING MEN'S MISSION, BANK QUAY. " We have our harvest festivals so that we may be brought into closer communion with God, and, recognising the bountifulness of His supply, allow Him to send us back again into the world to serve Him in return." This sen- tence from the evening serdion was the keynote of the thanksgiving services at the Working Men's Mission Church on Sunday, when large congregations assembled to render thanks for a bountiful and safely gathered harvest. The building was nicely decorated with flowers and evergreens, while on the communion table some splendid specimens of the fruits of the earth were exhibited. The preacher was Mr. Win- nard, of the Baptist College, Manchester, who delivered appropriate sermons morning and evening. Special music was rendered by the choir, the anthems at the evening service being " 0 Father, Whose almighty power," and " Break forth into joy," whilst Mr. A. Dale con- tributed a solo, "Nearer, my God, to Thee." A musical service was held in the afternoon. Mr. A. Tilling, jun., presided, and Mr. Winnard gave a short address. Mrs. Winstanley sang very effectively the solos "0 Divine Redeemer" and "The Gentle Shepherd," and the choir ren- dered the anthems "Send out Thy light" and "0 Father, Whose almighty power." Miss E. Tanner sang the part in an arrangement for semi-chorus of "As pants the hart," and Mr. Campbell contributed "Sun of my soul." On Monday evening a fruit hanquet brought the harvest festival to a conclusion. Captain N. Hough presided, and solos were rendered by Mrs. IL Tanner and Mr. S. Millington, Mr. Dut- ton delighting the audience with same capital recitations. The proceeds of the banquet and the sale of fruit and vegetables were sent to the Belgian Relief Fund. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. Harvest thanksgiving services were held last Sunday in the Golborne-street Baptist Church, when the special preacher was the Rev. A. E. Robinson, of %Manchester. The church was tastefully decorated with fruit, plants and flowers, ana most dusnt der the direction of Mrs. H. B pleasing effect was secured. The gifts of fruit were somewhat fewer in number than last year, which was only what was to be expected in the circumstances. Preaching in the morning from the words "The garden of the Lord" (Gen. ii. 8), the Rev. Robinson said that people should always bear in mind the fact that the garden was the Lord's. "God only was the maker of all things bright and fair," a fact which man too often forgot. Without God man could do nothing. He was too prone to calculate on the human factor, which was notoriously uncertain, whereas the greatest factor and the only really reliable one was "the Giver of every good and perfect gift," whom men in these days so commonly ignored. God planted the garden for a purpose and it was that man might cultivate it. Man must till and sow and reap. He must weed and fence and guard, and, in obedience to those Divine laws, he would reap the harvest. The afternoon service was under the chair- manship of Mr. Moss, of Stockton Heath, who, in the course of a few opening remarks, re- minded the Sunday school scholars and teachers that the flowers, in all their beauty, indicated labour. To him the children were the buds in God's fairest garden, which needed and de- manded man's care.—The speaker for the after- noon was the Rev. T. T. James, who reminded • the children that it was impossible for them, their parents and those around them to count their blessings, so manifold were they. In in- teresting fashion the rev, gentleman inculcated the lesson that what God most desires is "our humble, thankful heart." At the evening service the Rev. Robinkon's subject was "The co-operation of God and man." God, he said, did not work by magic. He could attain the results He brought about without man's aid where He so disposed, but that was not His scheme and aim. There could be a har- avfesrte aNsp-ietrhso autt Gaorsndiianpoista.l.Thmearne waswas aadnmairt tme dy to partnership with God. Man was honoured by Divine responsibility. The Lord could con- t entdei ah iws istetumt es.o withoutare y , but u ct aGr eo yd. wou Thusld notdid the Divine and the human work together for the extension of His kingdom. During the day the choir rendered excellent anthems, the solos in which were taken by Miss Bates and Mr. H. Barnes. In the afternoon the pieces rendered were " How excellent? and "Oh, come, let us sing." In the evening "The earth is the Lord's" and "Rejoice with one/ accord" were sung. Both the singing of the choir and the solo work was a delight to hear. Great praise is due to Mr. H. Barnes, the choir- master, and to Mr. S. Rickers, the organist. The total proceeds amounted to about £7. Excellent congregttions assembled at all the services. 4

_Lf

===== 0002601_19141003_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
DICKENS AND SOCIAL REFORM.

The Debt We Owe to the Great Novelist

ADULT SCHOOL LECTURE.

"Dickens and Social Reform"' was the title of a most instructive lecturette given at the Sankey Bridges (Men's) Adult School last Sun- day morning by Mr. Stanley C. Jones. Dickens, the speaker said, was no armchair reformer or theorist. He was educated in the bitter school of experience, receiving therein a finer train- ing than either Eton or Harrow could have given for his life's work. At the early age of nine years Dickens began his working life in a black- ing factory, where he was in touch with abject poverty, and lived a hard, uncared-for life. The experience gained here gave him abundance of material on problems of poverty, blind alley occupations, temptations, and vioe of low city life and evil environment, which, later, he worked into his novels. Dickens, even in early years had great qualities in him. From the ages of 15 to 19 he rose from Attorney's clerk to re- porter ill the Parliamentary Press gallery. In the former capacity and in that of reporter- in the Law Courts he became acquainted with the "laws delays," so ably exposed in "Bleak House," and in the Press gallery he learned something of the shams of party politics. Har- old Begbie, in his latest book, says, "Almost every inhumanity against which Dickens hurled the scorn of his impetuous soul has been abol- ished." This was not true, the lecturer said, although as a result of Dickens' many exposures much has been accomplished; still much re- mains to be done. The Poor Law and the prison system, as depicted in "Our Mutual Friend," "Oliver Twist," and "Pickwick," have gone; child life has been infinitely improved, educa- tion as described in "Nicholas Nickleby " is now happily defunct, but much still remains that is a blot on the fair escutcheon of England. Mr. Jones read an extract from "Bleak House," describing one of London's slums. That slum still exists. The speaker gave a graphic and touching description of it, having had two years' experience of its neighbourhood when a student in London. It is within three minutes' walk of our great Houses of Parliament, too, a fester on our organic social life of which most of our legislators aro totally ignorant. Speaking from practical experience of War- rington slums, the speaker said that while they were not so bad as those in Westminster, there were many incredibly horrible scenes in our midst, places where it was not possible for human lives to develop in anything but the vilest conditions, where even the merest moral- ity was almost impossible, and where the filthy surroundings are of the worst description. Dickens's great quality of sympathy for the down-troddeu and the miserable, together with his great powers of dramatic diction fitted him as a great sociar reformer. His command of in- vective was such that his attacks were directed with such - our and knowledge that they com- pelled publ attention. England to-day is reap- ing the fruits of the efforts put forward, and much of the social legislation which has been placed upon the Statute Book during recent years owes its inspiration to the new spirit in- fused into English political life by Charles Dickens.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

Warrington Working Men's Association.

N.A. CENTRE.

Angling last week-end was not up to expecta- tions. The weather was on its best behaviour for the sport and the majority of members were disappointed. The only place where a good catch was to be had was the free water at North- wich, lklickle Trafford, and Norton. Chester, both river and canal, was fairly well patronised by members, but sport was off generally.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR FUND MATCH.

The amalgamated societies are anticipating a good entry for this affair, and as all entries go to the fund, with an effort on the part of local anglers 300 should at least take part in the con- test. There is already a grand selection of prizes collected, and those who are fortunate to he amongst them will be pleased at the value offered on this occasion. The draw takes place at 2.15 at London Bridge, and the contest starts at three o'clock prompt, whether anglers are at their pegs or not, as the contest cannot be left later on account of weighing in before darkness. Those drawing a blue ticket will go to the right of London Bridge, and those drawing a yellow one go to the left.

MR. MOUNFIELD'S UNIQUE RECORD. I have been asked several times to pay Mr. Mounfield a visit to see the finest specimens in or around Warrington, but put off my visit until last week. Arriving at Mr. Mounfield's home in Stockton Heath, the first thing that occurred to me was, whether I had come to see specimen fish set up, or whether I bad tumbled into a jeweller's shop. On my making inquiries, Mr. Mounfield informed me that the trophies were won by ,him on the cycle track, and angling had only become his premier' sport this last three years. He has been an angler all his life, but other sport was placed first until lately. In the season 1912, which was Mr. Mounfield's best year, he took two of the finest specimens in the district of Warrington, and I should say anglers will have to travel far to get species anywhere near their weight. The first that caught my eye was a magnificent trout of 111 b. 60z., and the other, on a wall opposite, was a I splendid pike of 251 b. Now, to give, readers an idea of the amount of sport he had during 1912 on his first visit a week's fishing provided the following specimens :—First day, pike, 61b.; trout, 11b.; perch, 11b. Second day, pike, 121 b.; Perch and four pike, 191 b. Third day, trout, 21b.; two pike, 71b. Fourth day, trout, 41b.; pike, 411 b. Fifth day, pike, 251 b.; pike, bib.; pike, 41b.; trout, 111 b. 60z.; perch, 11b. Sixth day, pike, 511).; pike, 41b.; trout, 11b. Season 1913-14 was not quite as successful, but lie has caught pike up to 161 b. and trout up to 51b. All the above specimens were taken in Lough' Corrib, in Ireland. Any information required by Warrington anglers regarding the place Mr. Mounfield will he pleased to give. It lies in the West of Ireland and is 35 miles long and seven miles wide, and has a depth in places of 240 ft. He remarked that during rough weather the angler deserves all he gets. Bream have been known to weigh up to 141134 caught in the sal- mon nets. If any angler in future thinks of visiting Ire- land for his holidays, it would be advisable to pay Mr. Mounfield a visit and have a chat with him before going. Mr. Mounfield's best catch in England was at Little Budworth, where he took ten bream scaling exactly 201 b.; but pike fishing is his favourite sport, and no doubt he has put up a fine record. He has been a Northern Angler for the last three years, and the older members delight in having a member of his abilities. May he put us up specimens for many years to come is the wish of his fellow-members ! A. S.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ILiISThICT Klw3 4

STOCKTON HEATH

Wesleyan Harvest Festival.—The harvest fes- tival services in connection with the Stockton Heath Wesleyan Church were held on Sunday. The preacher in the morning was Mr. John Upson, and in the evening the Rev. Herbert Dixon, the newly-appointed minister. The choir, under the conductorship of Mr. F. E. Penketh, rendered special music during the day, including the anthems "0 Lord how manifold," " Praise the Lord 0 my soul," and "The earth is the Lord's." The soloists were Mrs. Gould and Mr. T. Brereton, who sang exceedingly well. Mr. G. A. Whitfield presided at the organ. The church had been tastefully decorated by the ladies of the congregation. On Monday evening a fruit banquet and social were held, the pro- ceeds being devoted to the Prince of Wales' Relief Fund.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHAL L..

Independent Methodist Harvest Festival.— Harvest festival services were held at the Inde- pendent Methodist Church on Sunday, when two sermons were preached by Mr. W. Boyd, of St. Helens. The anthems "Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem," and "While the earth remaineth " were sung by the choir, the Misses Bacon and C. Shakeshaft contributing the solo parts in pleas- ing style. Mr. T. Leah presided at the organ. The church was tastefully decorated for the occasion by members of the congregation. On Monday evening the annual harvest tea took place, after which there was a social gathering, at which songs were sung and humorous recita- tions given by various friends.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON.

Death Follows An Accident.—Much regret wa3 caused when the news became known on Sun- day of the death of Mr. Joseph Lambert, of Yew Tree Farm, following an accident he met with on the previous Monday. He was one of the oldest farmers on the Arley .Estate his parents and a great number of his relatives having lived on the same estate for a number of genera- tions. Having held the positions of overseer, warden at the Parish Church, and, moreover, having taken a keen interest in the annual fete, the deceased was well known and highly esteemed. His familiar figure will be much missed. He was 66 years of age and leaves a widow, two sons and three daughters. The funeral took place at Budworth Parish Church on Wednesday. Floral tributes were sent by tile following: Widow and family, "Annie and Harry," Mrs. W. Lambert and family, Mr. and ,Mrs. Jesse Norcott and family, Mr. and Mrs. W. Norcott and family, Mrs. E. Norcott and family, Mr. and Mrs. W. Kinder and family, Mrs. E. and Miss Marsh, Mr. and Mrs. T. F. W. Dixon, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Winterbottom, Mr. F. Shake- shaft, "All at Canal Bank Farm," Mr. and Mrs. Renshaw and family, Mr. and Mrs. Tinkler and family, Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Taylor, the Appleton Village Fete Committee, Mr. and Mrs. C. Bower and family, Mr. and Mrs. Struthers and family, Mr. and Mrs. Norbury and family, Mr. and Mrs. E. Britch. The funeral arrange- ments were carried out by Mr. Jonas Hindley. Amongst others who attended the funeral service were Mr. and Mrs. Edward Marsh, Mr. Jos. Mathers, and Mr. Dyke Williams.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

For the Organ Fund.—A successful jumble sale was held in the schools on Saturday afternoon and evening, its object being to help to swell the organ fund. The sale was organised and mainly carried out by the teaching staff of the village school, assisted by Mesdames C. B. Woods, Richardson, Burrows and Morris, the Misses Wolmer, Melbourne and Spencer, and Mr. J. Povey. A sum of over ..t7 was realised.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
PAD GATE.

Wesley Guild Welcome New Minister.—The opening social of the season in connection with the Wesley Guild was held on Monday evening, when incorporated with the gathering was a re- ception to the Rev. A. J. and Mrs. Morton, Alderman Bennett, who occupied the chair, gave an official welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Morton on behalf of the trustees, and Mr. Duckworth spoke on behalf of the stewards. Both made very touching references to the late Mr. John Bennett and the good work he had done for -Methodism in Padgate and throughout the Warrington cir- cuit. Mr. Morton, in a short, but effective speech, said he was pleased to see such a strong, active Guild at Padgate. During the short time he had been connected with the church he had found that they had many good points, and he : was very hopeful that much good would be done during the three years he hoped to work amongst them.—A very enthusiastic reception was given to the Vicar of the parish, who was present at the meeting, and in the course of a. short ad- dress the rev, gentleman said it gave him much pleasure to attend, as he was glad of the oppor- tunity of showing the members how willing he was to work with the head -of the Wesleyan church at Padgate. If he could do anything to keep up the good feeling between the two churches he would do so to the best of his ability.—Refreshments were provided, after which songs were sung by the Misses Greenough, L. Duckworth, and Mr. Angus, and a duet .by Miss L. Duckworth and Mr. Duckworth, whilst a pianoforte solo was given by Miss P. London. Games, &c., were afterwards indulged in, and a very enjoyable evening was spent by all present.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

Nearly a Centenarian.—By the death of Mrs. Ann Busill, of 11, Warrington-road, which sad event occurred on Tuesday morning, Eenketli has lost its oldest inhabitant. Born at Liver- pool on November 12th, 1821, the deceased lady would have reached her ninety-third year next month. A strong personality, very conservative in her views, and possessing a clear memory, the old lady lived an active life up to the last. An accident, resulting in a broken thigh bone, befel her on the 15th of last month, a shock to the system, from which she never recovered, following. An inquest was held on Thursday, when a verdict of "Accidental death " was re- turned. The interment will take place this (Saturday) afternoon at three o'clock, in St. Mary's Churchyard, Great Sankey. Penketh had been the deceased's home for the last fifty years, during forty of which she lived in the house where her demise occurred. In 1842 she married Samuel BUsill, a skipper of various craft belonging to the firm of Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., who subsequently became master of the steam packet Mersey, a post he held until about 1890, when be retired. Ile died in the year 1900. A sister of the deceased, a Mrs. Johnson, of Bolton, aged eighty-six years, is at present staying in this district as a visitor.

A Few Facts About Fur. "This is cat fur," said a furrier. "We use it for linings. An excellent lining cat fur makes, too. Dogs, calves, colts, coons, opossums, bats, rats, any animal that wears fur, in fact, is sale- able in the fur market. Bat hair is felted up with other stuff into an imitation skin. It is also used, I believe, in rope plaiting. The dog, the coon, and the opossum yield a fur that, pro- perly treated, makes a very handsome lining. Rat skins are employed in certain delicate re- pairs, and they also serve to form the thumbs of cheap gloves. A queer thing about the fur business is that the furs must be taken in the dead of winter; the trapper must work under the cruellest climatic conditions; only thus is the fur at its best. The dresser, on the other hand, who could work best in cold weather, must do all his work in the heat of summer, or otherwise he would not be able to keep up with the changing fashions.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

Football.—The Lyinra Wednesday football team will journey to Swinton on Wednesday in order to meet the Pendlebury and Swinton team in a Manchester Wednesday League engage- ment.

For the Belgians.—On Thursday afternoon, by the kindness of Mrs. Ridgway, the children of the village were invited to a magic lantern ex- hibition at the Conservative Club. A collection was made on behalf of the Belgian Relief Fund.

Council Election.—Nominations for candidates for the vacancy caused by the resignation of the Rev. G. a Thurston from the District Countil, will close at noon next Friday. Withdrawals can be made tip to the 15th, and in the event of there being more than one candidate the elec- tion will take place on October 24th.

Belgian Refugees.—A number of Lymm resi- dents have made offers to accommodate unfortu- nate refugees from Belgium. Any further offers should be made to Messrs. W. AluHard and H. T. Mercer, honorary secretaries of the local Relief Fund, or to Mr. T. F. W. Dixon, the honorary treasurer.

Council to Exercise Power of Entry.—At Monday's meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council the members endorsed a resolution sub- mitted by the Water Committee instructing the Clerk to take steps to carry out the power of entry for the purpose of obtaining information as to baths and hose pipes in the different houses in the district.

The Defence Carps.—On Thursday evening the members of the Lymm and District Defence Corps undertook a five-mile route march, which ended at the Cross, where the singing of the National Anthem preceded the order of dis- missal. The men are becoming accustomed to the drilling, but the first route march was re- sponsible for stiff joints the following morning.

Home for Wounded Soldiers.—At Monday evening's meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council a letter was read from Mr. Thomas Grundy, stating that he had offered Brookfield, the house recently occupied by the Misses Mor- ris, as a convalescent home for wounded soldiers returned from the war, and asking that the drains should be tested.—The Council decided to make the test.

Births and Deaths.—Dr. de Jong, the medical officer of health to the Lymm Urban District Council, reported, at the meeting on Monday evening, that the birth-rate for the quarter end- ing June 30 was 24.4 per 1,000 of the population per annum. Thirty-one births were registered, of which 21 were those of males. The death- rate was equal to 9.4 per 1,000 of the population per annum.

Motor and Horse Collide.—An accident oc- curred near Thelwall Station on Thursday after- noon. It is understood that whilst Mr. T. Saville, of Lymm, was driving a motor car, in which was a lady friend, he was run into by a horse. The occupants were both badly shaken, and Dr. Thorp was summoned. The car was badly damaged and was taken away from the scene of the accident yesterday morning.

The Caumeil's Coal.--it was resolved at a recent meeting of the Water Committee that the tender of Messrs. S. Walker and Sons, Lymm, to supply the Council with 300 tons (more or less) of steam slack coal for a term ending 30th June, 1915, at 10s. Bd. per ton, be recommended for acceptance, subject to Messrs. Walker enter- ing into the usual contract.—At their meeting on Monday night the Council endorsed the com- mittee's recommendation.

An Objectionable Practice.—Councillor Holt, on Monday night, drew the attention of the Lymm Urban District Council to what he called "the abominable practice" adopted by certain fishmongers of throwing offal into the streets. "I can give names," he said, "but I don't want to, although if it becomes necessary I am Pre- pared to mention them. I think this thing ought to be stopped." (A Member: " Cer- tainly.")—The Clerk was instructed to deal with the nuisance.

Cost of Guarding the Water Supply.—At the meeting of the Lymm District Council on Mon- day, Councillor Groves raised the question of the cost of guarding the local water supply. He did not think it was fair that the water concern should be charged the whole of the expenses, which amounted to about XlO a month. The ratepayers ought to bear some of the cost, and he moved that half the expenditure be paid by the water concern and the other half by the ratepayers.—Councillor Ingham seconded, and the proposition was carried.

Doing Their Duty.—The following members were present at Monday night's meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council: Messrs. T. H. Warburton (chairman), F. Lockyer (vice-chair- man), J. H. Holt, W. G. Groves, C. E. Cowper, G. H. Parker, F. Ingham, S. Critchley and R. H. Gotobed. The following officials were also in attendance: Messrs. Wm. Mallard (clerk), D. Mort (surveyor), Barnes (water manager), West (gas manager), and W. Timperley and C. Mort (assistants), together with Dr. de Jong (medical officer of health).

Boy Scouts' " Good Turn."—That he shall do a "good turn" every day is one of the rules en- joined upon the Boy Scout. Lately the mem- bers of the Heatley and Lymm troop have been doing several "good turns" daily, for they have been round the parishes named collecting blan- kets for the use of our soldiers at the front, and so effectively have they pleaded the claims of Tommy Atkins that already sixty blankets have been despatched, in bales, to the proper quar- ter. The Scoutmaster (Mr. Nash) is desirous of thanking the donors for the prompt manner in which they responded to the Scouts' appeal. Firemen With the Colours.—TheLymm Urban District Council at their meeting on Monday passed the minutes of the Building and Fire Engine Committee, which contained a resolution approving of the appointment ,of four proba- tioner firemen, as and from August 28, at a re- taining fee at the rate of 30s. per annum, on condition that each man is to be retained only for the period the other firemen are away at the war, and that as soon as those serving with the colours return, the engagement of the tem- porary members of the brigade shall come to an end without notice. The following are the men appointed: Messrs. 11. Daniels, Bridge- water-place; J. W. Downward, Rush Green; John Kemp, the Village; and Edwin Copeland, Pepper-street.

Harvest Festivals.—The harvest festival ser- vices at the Dunham Massey Primitive Metho- dist Church were held on Sunday, when the Rev. R. W. Ferguson, superintendent minister of the circuit, was the preacher. Special anthems were rendered by the choir at both services. The congregations and collections were extremely good. On the following Monday a harvest home social hour was spent, when the fruit, &c., used for decorative purposes was disposed of.—The members of the Lymm Baptist Church also held their harvest thanksgiving services on Sunday. The Pastor, the Rev. E. E. Lovell (who, we are glad to learn, has recovered from his recent . illness), 'preached both morning and evening. Miss Mary Brundrett rendered a couple of solos. The church was very tastefully decorated and good congregations attended each service. Lecturing for the Belgian Relief Fund.— "Children and poets," a lecture delivered by Mrs. Ridgway at the Conservative Club, Lymm, on Wednesday evening, proved to be of a most interesting and instructive character. The pro- ceeds of the lecture were in aid of the Belgian Relief Fund, and it is anticipated that a useful sum will be handed over. The beauty of child- hood, said the lecturer, naturally suggested poetry, in fact, it was poetry ready made, and

===== 0002601_19141003_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
YlvirlslGTO (Re; I Trade Mark "• COFFEE EaSENC

The Coffee Maid, of SYmingtoree. says: "To make Coffee in a minute, and to serve it at its bcst't Take a teaspoonful of Symington's boiling water does the re'

THOS. SYMINGTON 4 CO., Edinburgh and London.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-..1.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
that was the reason for the numberless ontdte6er; lyrics and other verses of all kinds rrrl,,..e .bout the young. One of the traits of childhood was its motherliness, °II I.paai reit' every us. was • inborn. Childien were naturally relit.ar childlife. whoTh The wmaoss :au wass. the dormant possibility of A 1:1 the taught of Jesus '' r-iflal ones to the young mother was when the,,llatrual kiss were going to bed. Theo came tie soot e loying tender embrace, and tue w.ra confidences. The dreams of childhood !ad to moreil impressive than those of maturitY, ;r5, 0. a illustrate this Mrs. Ridgway related .% counterpane girl who pinned a piece of Ellictjet, precious hour 0..,,,e Trespassers bearing the words, poet's delight—they on my dreams will be proser,', rts t—antdh e y confidencesuggested (Laughter.) The beautiful eyes of the clolu'do loving poe. t turer drew illustrations from numerous bar, all f • am o which, she said, blended into the Dili the conclusion whole—the beauty of children; rnnters slides of the lecture a. number 01 "- 1 were exhibited. 170detarlyl. lliiiie lefes,

.ai r FOrld' Local Subscribers to the Cheshire T'a" ire tO , 'locp., t—fteii:woeev d cehrethsOirOehcaseunnotwy been r sFuibusicdr,ibaeund..,Nciitt:iedinto: Cheshire a further ehirenn ountaymFnnutd,lvntillakbeinie:Bo:: then sent to Chester rather Mae Amongst the latest subscribers are _,hart ; o• F. N. Dixon, £lO 10s. 14 GB. 'i (ia . Rev. • . 1,011 i £lO 109.; Choir of St. Peter's, Oughtralgioes oi lieu of annual trip), .27 15s. ld.;_ eraPd t ily Mstdxs2ussaeriscinenxrmiesrn.r.t.C)%vhu.axitrHl6lee.ss2ii[Hinoduoochn.ret:,,23als:n;s.d3lF(Crpr.oale•,on•iakLiind._.A;i:trasrs_oeil:th gregatgiontahle Isaac H. Evans, £3 3s ; Mr. J. T. Afililes' 0 Church, Dtyr.mmß,urxr4owes, --A • tia? Mr. A. C. Miller, £2 2.5.; Mr. C. Siti4dss. jMlLbent, £2 25.; Mr. Fred E. Evans, ," -22; Mr. T. Mercer, £1 ls.; 1 1 .1- 91. g, -21. is.; Mr. John Edwardes, .el D;:c William Alullard, £1 is.; Independeut; dist Chapel, .21 is.; Mr. N. Wood, win Clarke, .11; Mr. Frank Warburtea-%,-, I Allen, £1; Mr. W. H. Virinstanley, .Eli i'xi; Wmstanley, .21; Mr. William Hinton, 0; Guisi, £1; Mr. Priestner, £1; Mr• rel'll' inii wmGteMarkhalrerr.:3wo3; , a:SA irctnii:O.:isstiv.xthm6r• Munro, •• ttn. J. rl 0 , (promisedot l ; Kirby, Fairclough, £I.M; r3l. Frni.lienhvdirYise,dY'll4ls;•; ' ~MitelOrid.l(p.iroßoe.m4Billsieerdh.alicloillsilatillha'oll;;gA ' shaft, 10s.; Mr. A. Mclntyre, 10s4 65.... 1 Tlioosota 110 v; 11-11irrs. Hillier, 10s.; Mr. H. jEuogh. ---- DEATH OF MR. A. E. SlDEtw- hnltHrodWoleaty,r,hlolll:lo;; 4r:or'

We regret to record the death of gtr Edmund Sidebotham, of Lynclllets;tl which took place at 1.45 yesterdaY, The deceased was the son of the lari Mrs. Charles Edmund Sidebothanl, °di] Manchester, and was the managillg,3s Yates' Brewery, Birkenhead. Ile :011 years of age and was married two Miss Warburton, daughter of the la Mrs. R. A. Warburton, of Belmont, 13411,r1 deceased gentleman had been ill for t.'te suffering from pneumonia, and 0:1_,esP,1111 ceasing attention of Dr. Lemon' passed away as stated. He leaves a no family.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
PATRIOTIC FOOTBALL I

Among the athletes who have„; colours to play a sterner game country abroad are practically a'''t members of the Lymm A.F.C. ing members and four of the col have left to join the Army desired t should continue its programme, a ingly, another team was raised. g recently opposed the Lymm We eleven in a charity match, when handed over to the war fund. the match, however, the majority of represented the Lymm A.F.C. join in the fighting. Undauntl,i losses the committee are striving another team, and it is their;

arrange as many friendly rodeuriß and hand over the profits to the 1 +ure Instead of keeping them for lil*

- _____-- IGO' RECTOR'S RESIGNAT c Too Busy to -Continue ; tile 1c Too DISCORDANT NOTE IN '- „" ff r is° t

During the presenßtEyeGaßrEtThe. woo ace r trictuCaolulynclialrhaeve been called uP°.:flotern'tro:; add to the list, Rector (the Rev. G. B ing on Monday this was croenvv. unusually n ow numbereome.s otTfhheruesrersittiolrilieeavoretetot, egye from t ened tvletenomithahigie, trCoeoautdin, eebi:l otlia 00 ociltifeogrt, e/oitrer, c Dear Mr. ullard,—After ilroesAibli'?eip Il sideration I find it Will not beift to 11;tito1 me to give the time I feel f olig'ingl(;{ the Council work during the r9,l3iieteb" to Therefore, with much regret i- ,he cO6, der 'my resignation and enclosde ;',opie',,el ary cheque. After a long an vo9i tt'fil ciation with the Council for tke:joe'itt years, and fully conscious of 11`;0. lilti, port of the ratepayers in l'Yriljilfe,ititcli am most reluctant to cause anicounc"ot the present time. Should the or tierea it the that I should retain ,-,reol,i. .ho elections next spring I ain, i'sitoliw • d so, though in that case 11' „,e of A,,, munudeehrsttiomo de tthoatthle hva,ovrekliitntl.etl2l;:oaltier.d6firilelo7. eat courtesy, believe me, dear 014. iliV` accepted. uieetpri Member: bednifear.ait.niyif faithfully, thanks to ..y,roou 1t301:0,,re; .0 Councillor Cowper moved that the beeA off hadretgarkete.o Councillor . Parker secoflded. t thinlotere "With regret." Rector Councillor Gotobed said he &du° ,t ityl tl' ought to let t • witlP'" tllsi(or he occasion pass orri Air jug their that the work Mr. Thurston had ''' Pe ti 7 creasing, and he had no curate:. 500 e litlltlventse verutshi.: alf,t'cl but takher) had been expecting thiS Pc'coe• ii, e was very sorry that it had Idrot , 01116. A TRIBUTE TO THE REC rs 0 Ito f'ocl Councillor Holt said Mr. % YAII,,Y very' valuable work in the COOll-111a iv '' PI o tie o. vices to the ratepayers were most e 11 go )11." it was a matter of regret that h-a his connection with the Council.,,y tillildece concluded Councillor Bolt, '' cjelfice `l,i, Thurston is the most businesslike orry ilt t have ever come across. I amEvid til „If. forced to accept the resignatioa a or.or cheque has come." (Hear, hear') r t to Councillor Groves said that,r ae%of tl'epft 0 the Rector was the oldest me rabe't ti be C le Pi' 0 . d tils- 6 O cil. He would have preferie loot 0. C ten had commenced his letter with ,1,00 then 'i•i, • the latter part—(hear, hear)-- t gr.o e e have asked him to remain, bu,,. 1 O t tiletflf, had put it the wrong way aboutP ' fee er Councillor Cowper: I dont I,t re'r,„ any need for regret. Ile °lig.' „leilwalaY P; been on the Council. There, 'I ;pis, ioa),:,10, to be done in the parish. C S,Warbar..t P;nor The Chairman (Councillor - B,r th'ip vtieo know the Rector's value. ft: icrelo°lln„cilltio,,ro6l been of great service to ti"- u iwiony to? rio ' beg' it' ways than one. He always s u ) with great energy, and there rii. r, o we have lost a good man. araliel'et Y pte.d he be itio acee The resignation was Later Councillor Cowper Pi yiag nef jsa cot(tot being like Lord Kitchener an , lkfr' ,ild rl meant ' ; straighLorwardlY• ii lip.e, 40- 0 Councillor Groves: I woui-fda. J . to withdraw what he has 6- ncl like that to • he Press• ..ig Di/ Li 01 go in t n ing a oia• rou Councillor Cowper (ba g 01 taf table): I will not Witildre:r ' /16 told him to his face. say it behind his back.

4ther rl that t :

ilt,:3lliectat It• kt ,2011 ,t)Vel •utilisf qrl thi„ 4gt

eh l't the I)e°f the qe 'eerl 1 e et t f,, aYil

a P it bac v-cillg ci

kg? u.itt- 'ent Ilt 1., iine,rn 1," b. ;

lotkwali , 4, or 41(1.11

A Eitr; tv..114.1 op., gu

.111,141r1 set gut4t 'e4,. r PAIL,

~1 •It , ,tt 41kt,1.• Pu' fllla Etti i gi :10(0. ti lv4'll. .:0 t . I . , / ~z..r.., ..,.,....„, ~,....„%. ...... •_,..,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OLD

I

===== 0002601_19141003_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
En —`4113. pepßß atj to or 10 c eZert a/1(1 e '• 41 by qht 0, t 1 4r4R}ol°llBa

teg at ktne Atile uetert m and ,t,3outset oat to

gh g a:4d, On h, -

===== 0002601_19141003_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
eVigWel tta 11 toti te,! Whorn, 414 the ( 4t t tw' he c., Z 1.5 thelt e 4,1- get i of t had 01411 to d 474ge ey 11 It IN td they th d b( editpled 4'l 4ST th, I eir w Qui Littoh?rk c

tl-I;tttiletn i)r 'ere esters t Le ehecke NI 111174 sPE " att

tti tG6I. 04, n eBPee ,ake 1/11y b it blo a led Y _

a. ter eb 't'ou °4llclio veDrreBs, 4.3' now u 1141t,e te4i, to A° tuj .011,113_ AV".4 (4 thee .11b of the I 4-801 t th tl tat. e viE

Ett,i . A ki 4t t 3: in t tlt°,,,iaie ~R4a't ti

ow. arid 41,111gti h‘iz Oldh o_

===== 0002601_19141003_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
LDHAM SLIGHTLY TOO STRONG.

Warrington Beaten by Four Points.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXCITING GAME,

0146 tllles '331 won their second home match at they 1164 et Warrington on Saturday, but they k . exert themselves to the full or_ wder.t.o ttli.o„.,:ba;Taltieven the victory only rested with tt th narrow margin of four points. allsarld spectators passed through the I,•eBat Watersheddings, and they got good take or their money in the shape of a vigorous to determinedly contested from beginning the 'an never really uninteresting. Frtnom their ttrClltset ailrin o ,4110t°,11,t to do all they could to maintain ieir it was apparent that W for winning away, and right the way Itilat,'4ll it : looked as if they might succeed in 4,11°' for they had a fair share of the attack- . kill • d,' 13/ the whole, gave very little away. I°,,ttlethlt; ac to be confessed that there was .1 It 4). ;11g lacking when one contrasted their tigt4i,°,'. Saturday with the form they displayed . liaddersfield a week or two ago. Fe- tTlat something might best be described as iotl,t11.11110:11.:o:;31,i;hdence in crucial moments, more their ventures breaking down just ~dle auguries pointed to a successful L'llittor,"pulo adventure. Added to that, War- -Zen t,Nte Oldham in better fettle than they ;411, exhibiting this season; the Cotton i g showin a decided return to the .ttotii;-at in the past has made them such dan- - onponents ,Wea,4VAIARRINGTON BEGIN WELL. I°4 th'''''llgton began in a brilliant manner, well in all departments and handling O topt-'a' 4.1 totieeabl better than did their oppo- t Wh Y h,4 in 111 they worried seriously more than earlier stages of the game. Indeed, ast twi ee before the game was ten minutes Pir"olzesters were rather fortunate . !'4l:t tO theta out. But gradually Oldham be- into their stride and to gauge the their Opponents, and when, at last, ZtlleN7l,. done those two things they com- is'tobtafr gain the upper hand, though every 1;44 they secured was stubbornly con- was not until the second half that ~.4tileeeeded in weighing-up the visitors, but :acle WeY did get the hang of their play, they L'ttl t:'io best possible use of the knowledge, 't(l't'llted a deficit of three points into a pi ialaace of four. ttTIBLOOD TO WARRINGTON. Zeit b 76 olltset the Oldham defenders had all h",°llx cut out to hold the attacking War- -4...,-11OlfiZa•no at bay. Time otter time they were Chtt4-41,' °IIIY to return to the fray. But at ti'ey energy temporarily spent itself, and [43, ;el‘e driven to act on the defensive, when N;#4l.llitted themselves most reliably. The Ltte -Let's tried hard to break through, but „Ttlkereeked at all points, and presently play Lttllt ildcLarrt for it spell in the neighbourhood Oet hilt, and was of a give-andt -ke `toN tilioat was not particularly exhilarating I'll% BPectars' point of view. However a s "L at totacks by Oldham and counter-attack :_lliserf,itigton soon relieved the monotony, and ltabl. toe onlookers to a high pitch of enthu- ts eesPecially as on two occasions the hora e- je, „4111, e near to getting the sphere over the .0.4111,13, being checked in the nick of time. L'l'oq..nood fell to i Wu rrfi • ton Jolley was ob- -1.'4%14 hy West anderAle•Y taking the kick I „No fine goal This i c'reverse aroused Old- 'ter' "44 forced the pace, with the result that pt°4 ItBeries of 'scrummages near the Warring- . B. Jones managed to get over. 4110.th-rat:lb. tZok the kick, but failed to put the t to prulldio-r it striking one of the uprights and i field. Oldham continued 111:48'1,,1)11trIttici) e- y the re held well in hand and they were W. arrington managed to thi terrsion by making little excursions into 'ZliLlt to oo 257 and giving their defenders some- -4.4 to them from getting cold. 1174116 (If trjab" of -m—Llcs- registered during this th; ef th,,6 garne was unusually large, and from o%,4l'esoitthjtoll-ey managed to score goals, with tho . a when the time came for crossing k's• visitors were leading by six points to

)1'1; MIS-KICK HELPS OLDHAM. 'll the second half signs were not want- 4t. 114ieate that Warrington had shot their varr ,inies their play was inclined to be i 'll,ll good chances were allowed to slip,lllo, 01,‘°, faulty combination. On the other h"RY 1.:111ani seemed to have imbibed fresh Ltt‘i,l the ha lf- t*ma e lemon, and as soon as .ettiatz.-.i* was re-started they got off with a. N'4l ^ gave the Warrington defence more • Pa bad moment before they managed to 1;41%. ;fcliwil the onslaught. Following some un- ii Waork in mid-field Oldham got going Z... 7.71 ging style, West and J. B. Jones kdif-eegt:ticur. isa rly conspicuous for a dashing e wa4ld that was entirely to the taste of o Baker attempted to apply a vvas only partially successful, and W it otf as snapped up by D. B. Davies, who J. er the line in the teeth of fierce oppo- reciation , is feat meeting with warm appreciation Nq the • took the kick and et 14.1, crowd. Jardine goal points. TON WORK HARD, BUT FRUIT- LESSLY. t.lllgt°ll tried hard to revenge themselves 4114 t6Lebliff, but .the fates (and Oldham) were lei 4.Taiti, and though they contested every ground in spirited fashion it began z's L 4 :Zan that the homesters were blessed witth trZoYilig power. Time and again the visiO4'"lva.rds got within easy distance of their - Nilaats' line, but they found the defence too Proposition to negotiate, and were Play hereabouts was of a most 16ve, g .enaracter, both teams straining every Mill with the result that the onlookers were Matters entirely to their taste, and ex- -1.1411 high. When the call of time was Ferguson marked near the half- and kicked a fine goal. Just after- Cill1d8W71: 13.. Davies crossed the line, but the aqzpo a disallowed on the ground that he had -11. i The homesters were pressing when ved e being: Oldham, 2 ct 2 t the _ma score 110iiitsries (10 points); Warrington, 3 goals ).

With . ItINGTON "A " OUTCLASSED. Olah —Lialn's Second String Win at Wildersppol. -- Vi A 23-POINT DEFEAT FOR THE HOMESTERS. Nk°o.•„44dtriglij,o4 "A" were at home to Oldham's tro%t -lug on Saturday, and, truth to tell, tiY eottelossed at most points by Il'illi•IIR'o°11" tW•rl• • A crowd of satis a f ctorY 01 1-11 s found their to Ito the lads from Wildersl)oo , , l'itli's the way , rewarded contest, and they were I\—; k'11%11°441. result that was by no means devoid of tpda s"lt and less one-sided than thel .esuo„ tt`43- \4Zro• to argue. The first few m th 11,Nilelit evert in character, scrummages being both sides of the line. Eventually of mutes t 4:11. ~, the Oldhamer began to give proof lolilo tZ.l*,riorlty and took the game into the S i4tllt i`tcrY, the defenders being called upon Is'or 41 all th Nl,' Aft eY knew in order to stave off dis, 4taiNed +er some hefty back-work their van t4/*got temporary charge of the leather owd were treated to a swinging dash d' which, however, was brought to a

Notes by 6 4 Gentre.”,

summary end just when things looked most promising, a smart piece of tackling by the Oldham back spoiling a nice chance and being the means of sending play rapidly to the other end, where the home defenders found them- selves worsted, Oliver getting over the line in tricky style and Holbrook goaling. From the re-start Oldham again pressed, but at length Warrington managed to break away and to pay a visit to their opponents' territory, but, though they worked hard, they were unable to find any- thing for the scorer to do. A spell of mid- field play ensued, and the game began to show signs of something like monotony, when Har- mer and Mather infused some life into it by uniting in a nice little effort, which, however, like many another promising \move initiated by the homesters; was doomed to failure, the Old- ham defenders proving one too many and much too smart.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME DEFENDERS HARD PRESSED.

For the next few minutes play was in War- rington's half of the field and the defenders were hard put to it to stave off the determined onrushes of the opposing forwards, but they managed to hold their own for the time being, and, eventually, picking up from ad/scrum, their front line got going in a business-like manner that raised high the hopes of the onlookers. But, alas! those hopes were fated to be speedily dashed to the ground, and Warrington were once more forced to adopt a defensive attitude. For a time they managed to withstand the hot attacks made upon them, but at length, after brilliant play, Smith and Holbrook between them added to Oldham's lead. This additional reverse ,stung the Warrington men to redoubled effort, but they were able- to make little head- way, the Oldhamers holding them at all points. Still, though behind on the score sheet, and obviously up against a proposition too tough for them to solve, Warrington were by no means downhearted, and, like Bruce's spider, they tried and tried again, though unfortunately their trying did not result in any of those tries that are so essential to success on the Rugby field. Holbrook was the next Oldhamer to take the ball over the line, and he "made assur- ance doubly sure" by also adding the goal- points, and hard on the heels of this further rebuff Warrington had to face another, Whar- ton adding still further to the visitors' account. When half-time arrived Warrington were face to face with a debit balance of 18 points, having been unable to register a single point them- selves.

OLDHAM AGGRESSIVE. Almost immediately after the restart Oldham resumed the aggressive and a spirited rush by their forwards came near to further increasing their lead, but some neat tackling on the part of the defenders spoilt the effort just in the nick of time. However, the attackers were not to be denied for long, and a few minutes later found Wharton across the line, Holbrook adding the goal points. Shortly afterwards a free-kick for a foul was awarded against the visitozs. Harold Davies took the kick, but put the ball outside. Just hereabouts the referee found it necessary to have a straight heart-to-heart talk with a couple of the players who had been detected importing rather more heat into their play than the rules governing the game warrant. Oldham continued to have the lion's share of the at- tacking, but the defenders worked hard—and on the whole fairly effectively. However, the wearing down tactics of the Oldhamers at length told their tale, and presently Evans saw an opportunity, and, seizing it, brought off the neatest try of the match. When he embarked on his dash for the line he was well covered by the defenders, but by means of some tricky dodging he managed to elude all the hands stretched out to grasp him and got safely over, amid the plaudits of the crowd, for your real sportsman is as ready to acclaim a smart bit of work when it tells against his side as he is when it tells for it, and your Warringtonian is noth- ing if not "a real sport." When the leather was set going again Warrington showed signs of ' pulling themselves together, and for a time assumed the defensive, but the force of their attacks was soon spent, and once again the Visitors were invading their half of the field in force. Before they were driven to again assume the defensive, however, they. gave the Oldham backs plenty to do, but despite repeated attempts they were unable to get over the line. HOME TEAM PICK UP—ONLY TO RELAPSE ' For the next ten minutes or so Warrington had all they could do to hold the enemy in check, but suddenly the whole aspect of affairs changed, and breaking away,. Laws dashed off at a smart pace, and tricking those opposed to him was over the line almost before the crowd had time to fully realise what had happened. Davis took the kick, but the ball fell short. Heartened by this mead of success, the War- rington lads went to the attack in splendid spirit, and for a few brief moments they were all over their opponents, and it began to look ,as if, after all, they might pull the game out of the fire. Like the players, the crowd also heart- ened and voiced their encouragement after the approved manner. But the homesters' strength was soon spent and once again, having been forced over the half-way line, they were driven to act on the defensive. In front of their own I citadel their strength was repeatedly tried, and this time was found sufficient to repel all at- tacks, and soon the home forwards were again assuming the offensive, and a penalty kick fell to their Ist, Harold Davis putting the ball through in fine fashion. Desultory play ensued, but just before the end it picked up again and became as brisk as the most exacting crowd could desire. At this juncture Warrington were showing their best form, and more than one looked like "bringing off the good thing," but something always went wrong just at the crucial moment. Towards the close, however, their play lost its sting, and Oldham were per- sistently pressing for the last ten minutes or so, the play providing a rare assortment of exciting incidents; indeed, the final moments of the game were, perhaps, the most exhilarating of all, though they yielded nothing tangible in the shape of a score to either side. When the final whistle sounded the score read: Oldham "A," 5 goals 6 tries (28 points); Warrington "A," goal 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_19141003_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
" GAME "__FIGHT.

-q\ftftNa

1i...._

Oldham were undoubtedly the stronger, com- bination, but, on the whole, the Warrington boys put up a game fight in view of the superior odds arranged against them; in fact, they did quite as well as could reasonably be expected, seeing their opponents' record. The home for- wards played pluckily, and those upon whom fell the brunt of the defensive work ..put in all they knew. But the visitors were not to be denied. It may be said that it was not so much faulty play on the part of the homesteris that cost them the match, .but rather the fact that they were outclassed, the opening ten minutes or so of play sufficing to show that they were at a decided disadvantage. Laws played a good, sound game on the half-back line, where he had a useful partner in Douglas. Davis was, per- haps, the pick of the threequarters, and the for- wards were all triers, with little to distinguish any one of them above his fellows. Although the score told so heavily against them, the War- rington men did not lose heart, but fought gamely to the finish, and, though beaten, by no means disgraced themselves. The Oldham for-

wards were a sturdy and tricky lot, and their defensive lines included some sound tacklers.

NORTIIERN UNION TOURISTS HOME

After their successful tour in Australia and New Zealand, the Northern Union football team arrived safely home oh Saturday, merabers of i the Union Committee journeying down to Ply- mouth to welcome them as they stepped ashore after their long voyage. Despite the precau- tions in sailing, rendered necessary owing to the war, the boat Was only 16 hours late. During their tour the team played in eighteen matches and were victorious in no fewer than fifteen of them, the other three being lost. Talking of the tour, the manager (Mr. J. H. Houghton) said that the form of the team had quite come up to expectations, and they had done remarkably well, although the Colonials had spared no effort to place representative sides in the field. Two of the three defeats were sus- tained in the first two games, played when the players had only just stepped off the steamer. The second Test match was lost, hut after a most exciting game England won the rubber. Every match played in New Zealand was won.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
NIANCIIESTER AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

RYLANDS' RECS. v. SWINTON ST. MARY'S. This match, in the first division of the above- named League, was, played on the Gorsey-lane enclosure before a fair attendance. St. Mary's, who came out at the top of the second division last season, brought a good team with them. Rylands', losing the toss, Stretford kicked off. Swinton returned and at once began to attack. The visiting backs passed the ball freely, but failed to score. A good run by povey nearly ended in a score for Rylands', the St. Mary's full-back saving well. Rylands' then attacked strongly, and, from a pass by Potter, Povey scored at the corner, Warren failing at goal. The visitors, aided by the wind, exerted strong pressure, bid Horrocks saved in fine style. Half- time arrived with the score: Rylands', 1 try (3 points); Swinton, nil. Brannon commenced the second half for Swin- ton, who made things pretty warm for the Wire- men. The visiting backs were at this juncture playing a pretty game, their passing being grand. But the defence of the Wiremen was "extra good." At last the Wimp:ten got posses- sion from the pack, and Povey kicking over the visiting custodian's head, Horrocks raced up and scored under the posts. Warren converted. When the whistle sounded for time the score read :—Rylands' Recs., 1 goal 2 tries (8 points); Swinton St. Mary's, nil. Warren, Povey and Horrocks were the pick of the home team; while Brannon and Kelly were the best of the visitors.

INTERMEDIATE RUGBY LEAGUE. TO-DAY'S GAMES. In Victoria Park. St. James' 0.8. v. St. James' 0.8. Juniors; referee, S. 0: Else. St. Alban's 0.8. v. St. Mary's 0.B.; J. Flynn. Beamont 0.8. United v. St. Alban's 0.8. "B"; W. Jones. Parochial 0.8. v. St. Ann's 0.B.; W. Bibby. The kick-off will be at 3.30 p.m. Before the Warrington Match. Wycliffe 0.8. v. Heathside Froghall 0.B.; J. Beardsell. LAST SATURDAY'S RESULTS. Parochial 0.8., 1 goal 3 tries (11 points); Arpley-street 0.8., nil. Beamont Athletic 0.8., 1 goal 1 try (5 points), St. Barnabas' 0.8., 1 try (3 jioints). Bolton 0.8., 11 goals 16 tries (70 ;ioints); St. James' Juniors, nil. Sacred Heart 0.8., 5 tries (15 points); Beath- side Bewsey 0.8., 1 goal (two points). Silver-street 0.8., 6 goals 21 tries (75 points',; St. Alban's 0.8. "A," nil.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
TEAMS FOR TO-DAY.

To-day (Saturday) Warrington will be at home to Salford, the kick-off being timed for 3.30. The teams will line out in the following order :

Warrington. Jolley. Baker, Brookes, Tranter, Taberner. Dainteth, Young. Cox, Clare, Fearnley, Green, Critchley, Mather.

0 Currie.

E. J. Thomas, Ritchie, Rees, Bevon, Goldsmith,

John.

Callender, W. Thomas (capt.), Loveluck, Mesley

Lau' nc'e.

Salford.

The referee will be Mr. J. F. May, of St. Helens, and the touch-judges Messrs. H. Heath (Runcorn) and F. Fairhurst (Wigan).

Warrington_"A" V. Salford ".A."

-- These teams will meet at Salford, the train leaving the Central Station at 1.50, and the kick-off being timed for 3.30. Warrington will be represented by: Bramhall, full-back; Davies, Morgan, Cherrett and Bradshaw, three-quar- ters; Laws (scrum) and Nichols, half-backs; Harmer, Fairhurst, Cunliffe, l3evan, Thornton and Logan, forwards. BRADSHAW'S RE-APPEARANCE. • Bert Bradshaw has been picked as one of the "A" team that will do battle for Warrington against Salford "A" to-day, at Salford. It will be recalled that last year he captained the War- rington team. This is the first time his name has figured in the list of players since the strike of last year. He will play in his old position in the threequarter line.

Rylands' Recs. v. Pendleton. These teams will kick-off at 3.30 p.m. at Gor- sey-lane. The local club will be represented by the following :—F. Horrocks; J. Griffiths, H. Povey, A. Rorrocks and A. Rowlinson ; G. War- ren and J. Gallop; A. Stretford, J. Whittaker, J. Brandwood, J. Broadhurst, F. Potter and E. Smith. The reserve men are T. Riley and J. Dumbell.

ATHLETES WITH THE COLOURS. No Cross Country Running This Season. The Warrington Athletic Club held a special general meeting on Wednesday, with Mr. T. Roberts in the chair, and it was resolved that the spirit of "sport 'as usual" could not be entertained. Therefore, during the continuance of the war, no part will be taken in any cham- pionships or races, but the club headquarters will be open on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sat- urdays, for physical exercises and instruction on military matters, &c., for all willing to avail themselves of the opportunity. Members, intending members, and their friends are cordi- ally invited to attend. An effort is being made to raise an athletes' section to be included in the Warrington Territorial Reserve Battalion. Those who have already joined will be included. TO-DAY'S FIXTURE. All members are asked to meet at the club headquarters at 2.45 p.m., and to fall in at three o'clock prompt. A capable drill instructor will attend. ITEMS OF INTEREST. The massed run of the St. Helens and district clubs, arranged for to-day has been declared off. The Southern Counties' Association proposes. to run races, &e., as usual. There will not be any "Northern" Champion- ships during, the war. The West Lancashire Association may hold a "Novice Race" this season, but championships are tabooed. The North-Eastern Counties have adjourned indefinitely. Apart from those already serving when war was declared, 30 members of the Warrington A.C. have enlisted, and the present whereabouts of many more is problematical. Will they write to someone? " Jeff " Watson, winner of the. Bank Holiday half-mile, is at Northampton, with "F" Com- pany, 'sth Battalion (Earl of Chester's) Cheshire Regiment. H. J. Lyon is with No. 2 Section of the South Lancashires at Sutton Oak for the present. Of those at the front, "Charlie" Regan has been hit, and "Bert" Tavlin has neck, shoulder and arm wounds. Both are in hospital and are doing as well as can be expected. Harry Smith, who shaped so cleverly in the Bank Holiday boxing exhibition with the Army and Navy champion, writes a very cheery post- card, wishing the lads "the best of luck," and expresses himself still fit to get home some , more rights, lefts and upper-cuts.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
• Another Busy Bay for the Juniors.

SOME KEEN AND EXCITING FINISHES.

On Saturday keen and exciting finishes were witnessed in some of the local League matches. St. Barnabas' were the visitors to Hollins Green, and they took a very strong team down, but they had to return with the points divided. The St. Barnabas' boys were cer- tainly a trifle lucky with the goal they scored, but they ought to have registered easily on two other occasions, whilst the homesters deserved a point for the plucky manner in which they tackled their opponents after being in arrears at the interval. Judging by their display on Saturday, not many visiting teams will bring bath points away from the Greenites' ground. Orford White Star had the Cons. from New- ton as their opponents, and a very hard and strenuous game ensued. Neither team could score in the first half, but in the second moiety the Stars began to shine, and they succeeded in scoring three times. The White Star Club have now got together a very good eleven, which includes Denny, Caldwell, Hankinson and Meachin, of Orford St. John's, and Gifford, of Stockton Heath. Fairfield had to acknowledge defeat on their own ground to the Y.M.C.A. team. The home eleven failed to take opportunities offered them in the first half, and in the second the visitors asserted themselves and put two goals on, the homesters failing to reply. The meeting of the Central and Paddington provided a keenly contested game, in which the visitors gained the verdict by the odd goal in five. A kind of local " Soccer Derby" game was witnessed at Latchford between the Baptists and the Elmwood Cons. The struggle was to decide which of the two teams should be the "wooden spoonists" of the League, as neither so far had won a match. The home team had been strengthened for the occasion, and they succeeded in holding the lead at half-time. The second portion was very exciting and some strong feeling was shown on both sides. Even- tually the visitors scored the winning goal about one minute from time. Bank Quay Recs. were visited by the Mission team, and they managed to annex both points, winning by three goals to nil.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The end of September brings to a close the first lap of the course of the season's pro- gramme, and considering the difficulties which have had to be met, owing to the war, the League members can congratulate themselves on the success which has attended their efforts in being able to keep the League competition in going order. Some keen and interesting games have been witnessed and the players have done much to bring satisfaction to their ispective club committees. Twenty-two matches have been played and there are four undefeated teams—Fairfield United, Paddington United, Longford United, and St. Barnabas'— whilst there are three teams that have not won a match, and of these latter there is one which cannot boast of having ob- tained a single point, viz., Latchford Baptists. There has been some prolific goal scoring, the total number of goals registered being 96, of which the winning teams claim 65 goals and the losers 23, whilst eight goals have been scored in drawn games. The following table shows the present posi- tion of the clubs:—

Goals—

P.W. L. D.For.Agt.P. Fairfield United Paddington United Earlestown Y.M.C.A. Hollins Green Orford White Star Bank Quay Recs. Fairfield Longford United St. Barnabas'

Newton Cons. Elmwood eons. Warrington Central Earlestown Mission Latchford Baptists

Notes by "Linesman."

before the interval the visitors' goalie did well to clear his lines and half-time arrived with- out any score being registered. Immediately after the resumption vigorous football was witnessed. The ball was rushefi to the visitors' end, where the backs kicked very strongly, and transferred play to the opposite end. There Pickering brought off a good clearance. The home half-back line were now playing a great game, and were respon- sible for placing the visitors on the defensive; with the result that shortly afterwards Gifford opened the score for the home team. This success gave the Stars the ascendancy, and, j,ie:itly ehcouraged, they set up another attack on the vuitors, when Hankinson was brought down inside the penalty area. Meachin, tak- ing V.., kick, increased the lead for the home- sters. Following this further reverse the Inns, saw to it that the game was even more keenly contested, and each side waii penalised for foul Play. On one occasion the home goal w:ic nearly captured, Gregory giving a .free-kick just outside the penalty area. Following th:s escape the home forwards rushed down the field, and Meachin again scored. At the call of time the result was: Orford White Star, 3 goals; Newton Cons., nil.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON_ AND DISTRICT

LEAGUE.

HOLLINS GREEN v. ST. BARNABAS'. The above teams met on Saturday on the ground of the former, and, before a good num- ber of supporters, the following players turned out : Hollins Green: A. Perrin; Johnson and Kil- shaw; Buckley, H. Perrin and Cleworth; Eaves, Mellor, Martin, Etchells and Atkinson. • St. Barnabas': Shaw; E. Glover and E. Long; O'Neil, P. Challinor and J. E. Glover; Walker, B. Glover, Taylor, D. Vernon and Houghton. The referee was Mr. J. Smith. The visitors won the toss and played with the slope in their favour. The opening ex- changes were evenly contested, following which the visitors set up an attack on the home goal, and, after being once repulsed, they scored after five minutes' play, O'Neil sending in a long, dropping shot, which just passed under the cross-bar. The visitors, greatly aided by the wind, returned to the attack, _,and the home goal had a narrow escape from being captured. The homesters then began to assert themselves, racing to the opposite end, and, although Glover and Long played well, Shaw had to bestir himself to clear shots from Atkin- son and Eaves. However, the defence pre- vailed, and the issue was soon being contested in mid-field .again, Challinor and Perrin, the respective centre half-backs playing a strong game, and the home backs kicking well under pressure. When the interval was called the score was a goal to nil in favour of the visitors. On resuming, the home team, with the wind behind them, entered into the game in a whole- hearted fashion, but met a resolute defence in Glover and Long. During an attack on the visitors' goal Shaw saved finely. Following some play at the home end, the visitors' goal was again attacked and Martin was b,1.15,J,55f oh in equalising with a good shot, just out of the reach Of the goalkeeper. Following this the game was contested in ding-dong style and the visitors had an equal share of attacking. The home goal had a narrow escape, Vernon bitting the cross-bar, and Houghton placing just wide from the rebound. The visitors' half-back line continued to play a strong game, which was, however, countered by the home defend- ers. When the call of time put an end to a vigorously and well-contested game the score was :—Hollins Green, one goal; St. Barnabas', one goal.

ORFORD WHITE STAR V. NEWTON CONS. These teams met on Saturday on the ground of the former club, the following ',layers turn- ing out:— White Star: J. Pickering; Pilling and Gre- gory; Gifford, Denny and Caldwell; Reader, Day, Meachin, Hankinson and Allen. Newton Cons.: Wightman; Tebber and Law- rence; Lennon, Black and Aitkin; Beresford, Dodd, Rubotham, Smart and Jones. The referee was Mr. S. C. Essenhigh. The visitors won the toss and decided to play up the slope. Meachin set the ball rolling and the visitors at once made an attack, but were repulsed by Pilling kicking into touch. Owing to free-kicks for fouls awarded to the visitors, the home goal was placed in danger, the final free shot being sent just wide of the post. This brought relief to the home defenders, and their forwards took a turn at pressing, and the visi tors' goalkeeper was called upon and made several good saves. Even play followed, after which the visiting forwards missed several chances of scoring, their right wing especially being at fault. Both teams were now playing a hard game and seemed evenly matched. Just

===== 0002601_19141003_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIRFIELD v. EARLESTOWN Y.M.C.A.

The above teams met on Saturday on the Padgate-lane grounds, when the following players turned out : Warburton; Johnson and Jackson; Cartwright, Osborne and E. Roberts; Lawless, Rutter, Clark, H. Challinor and Appleton. Y.M.C.A.: Martin; Atkinson and Pope; Fair- hurst, Gouhlen and Buckley; Taylor, Hughes, Riley, Gilman and Lee. Mr. J Hadkiss was the referee.

The viFitors' captain was successful in the spin of the coin and decided to play with the wind in his favour. The home forwards led off with an attack on the visitors' goal, but their custodian cleared easily, and the visitors carried the game into the home quarters. There they attacked very strongly, but the home defence prevailed. Even play in mid- field followed, both half-back lines proving to be very strong. At length the visitors broke away on the left and Lee hit the upright with a hard drive, which rebounded into play. At the interval neither side had scored.

The opening exchanges in the second half were of an even character, and some keen tack- ling was witnessed, but after five • minutes' play Hughes beat Warburton with a good effort. Nettled by this reverse, the homesters tried to equalise, but the visitors' backs de- fended well, and their goalie was not seriously called upon. The game next turned in favour of the visiting team, but the home defenders drove them back to mid-field, and for a while neither side gained much advantage. As time was drawing near, the combination of the visitors' inside forwards was seen to much ad- vantage, and the home goal was captured a second time, Gilman sending the ball through. From this time onward the visitors had most of the play. Johnson was very prominent among the home defenders for repulsing the attacks made upon his team, and Fairhurst, of the visitors, was the best half-back on the ' field. When the final whistle was sounded the score read :—Earlestown Y.M.C.A., 2 gotta, Fairfield, nil.

WARRINGTON CENTRAL v. PADDINGTON These teams met in Victoria Park, before a fair crowd of spectators. Both clubs wer, well represented, Knight (late of the Adult School) making his first appearance for the visitors in goal. The home team won the toss and tie visitot s set the ball rolling. It was soon evident that the game was to be keenly contested, and some exciting struggles were seen at both ends of the field. The visitors drew first blood after ten minutes' play, following which their goal was hotly attacked. Their defence, however, held out, and their forwards made several futile attempts to increase their lead, when the homesters returned to the attack, and from a capital centre by Craig the scores were made equal, half-time arriving with the score 1-1. On resuming, the game was contested in ding-dong style, and the ball travelled quickly from end to end. At length the visitors gained the lead through a splendid effort by their centre-forward. The reverse roused the home- stars, who at once became very aggressive, and, after Knight had made several good saves, he !had to acknowledge defeat, and the scores wee equal once more. The visitors again got in front by good play on the part of their for- wards, and at the call of time the result was: Paddington, 3 goals; Central, 2 goals.

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. ELMWOOD CO NS. The meeting of the above clubs was a very interesting affair, and there was plenty of ex- citement in both camps, as neither team had so far secured a victory this season, and it was well known that the home side were going to make a desperate attempt to gain both points. The following players took the field Baptists: Rushton; Shelmardine and Hardy; Done, Hardy and Albinson; Harding, Pearson, Clark, Stubbs and Blease. Elmwood: Nork; Joe Phcenix and Mellor; E. B. Mellor, James Phcenix and Dutton; W. Phenix, Gleave, Ashton, Wells and Lamb. The referee was Mr. W. Dennett. The Baptists (won the toss and Ashton kicked off before a good crowd of supporters. The home goal was the first to be attacked, but Rushton and his backs defended very well. The home team settled down to their game and the visitors' goal was hotly besieged, with the re- sult that Stubbs scored an easy goal. The homesters continuing to have the best of play, the same player added another point, with a terrific drive which gave Nork no chance. Fol- lowing this the visitors had a greater share of the game, and during an attack on the home goal they were awarded a penalty kick, from which Lamb scored. Even play followed, but no further goals were added in this half, with the result that at the interval the score was: Latchford, 2 goals; Elmwood Cons., 1 goal. The second half opened keenly, each team showing up well and attacking in turn, both goalkeepers being kept busy. The visitors proved the more consistent. A centre from Lamb was only partly intercepted by Shel- mardine, and Ashton gaining possession equal- ised. At this set-back the home team played strenuously to gain the lead, and the visitors' defence was severely tested. However, they managed to clear, and following a spell of mid- field play they returned to the attack, when one of the visitors' defenders conceded a penalty. Stubbs took the kick and the ball hit Nork and went over the bar, the resultant corner- kick being got away. At this stage the visi- tors' half-backs were very prominent, and held their opponents well, as well as supplying their own forwards with good passes. Close upon time a fine centre from W. Phcenix• put the home defenders in a muddle, and Ashton nipped in and placed his team ahead. There was no more scoring before the whistle sounded, leaving the verdict to the visitors. Hardy, at full-back, and Stubbs, in the forward line, were the best of the home team, whilst at centre-half James Phcenix, of the visitors, was at the top of his form. The visitors, as a whole, gave a much-improved display, and they were entitled to the points. Result: Elmwood Cons., 3 goals; Latchford Baptists, 2 goals.

BANK QUAY RECS. v. EARLESTOWN , ST. JOHN'S MISSION. The above teams met for the first time in the League Competition on Saturday on the Lovely-lane ground. Xr. Bert Howell, the

• • '•';

referee, had charge of the following players:— Recs.: Sushill; Berry and Smith; Long, Welsby and Worrall; Eccle,ston, J. Banner, Davies and Lemon. Mission: Massey; Winders and Griffiths; Tay- lor, Baddeley and J. Williams; Wallace, Straw, Smith, W. Williams and J. Plumpton. The visitors had the choice of ends and Banner set the ball rolling. The home for- wards were repulsed by Williams, who set his men going, and Berry defended well. The Recs, attacked again, when Winders was penal- ised. Smith took the kick, but Massey saved by tipping the ball over the bar. The corner- kick was well placed and the visitors' goal was hotly attacked, with the result that finally Millington beat Massey with a low shot and opened the score for the Recs. Following this reverse the visitors adopted the kick-and-rush style of play, but they could not break down the home defence. Banner, from 20 yards' range,. scored a splendid goal. At half-time the Recs, were leading by two goals to nil. After the change of ends the Recs. soon got into their stride again, and quickly assailed the visitors' goal, where Banner came to grief, colliding with Winders. However, he was soon able to resume. The visitors made sev- eral strenuous efforts to open their account, but the home half-back line proved too strong for them. Plumpton and Williams made a`grand run on their wing, and the former centred the ball well in the goal-mouth, thus giving N. Smith an easy chance to score, but he sent over the bar. This brought relief to the home team and good play by Welsby and Banner ended in the latter notching the third goal. The visitors' chance of recovery was now hopeless, and they began to indulge in play which did them no credit When time arrived the result was :—Bank Quay Recs., 3 goals; Earlestown St. John's Mission, nil.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 3, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCHES.

GRAPPENHALL v. LEIGH VILLAS.

These teams met on the ground of the first- named on Saturday afternoon., Leigh Villas were without the services of Burrows, Morton taking his. place. Grappenhall started well, and during the first half Ford put on three goals for them, Leigh Villas failing to make any response up to half-time. In the second moiety, however, they did much better, and when the final whistle sounded they were only one goal behind, the score reading: Grappenhall, 5 goals; Leigh Villas, 4 goals. The pick of the visitors were Holden, Doyley and Howells, the last-named playing a fine game in goal, despite the fact that he was beaten on five occasions. With a less competent goalie the adverse balance would have been much larger.

PENKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL v. EMMANUEL INSTITUTE.

These teams met at Penketh on Saturday afternon in a friendly game. The home team won the toss and kicked off with the breeze in their favour, but they soon discovered that Emmanuel took a lot of holding. After several exciting bits of work in close proximity to the home goal the visitors forced a corner. The resultant kick was well placed, and S. Roberts headed in, thus opening the score for Emmanuel. The visitors continued to have the best of the play, pressing most of the time, and in close succession Eaton and Oakes got through on their behalf, and, as the home team were unable to respond, the score at half-time read: Emmanuel, 3 goals; Penketh, nil. The second half was more evenly contested than the first had been, Penketh showing better form. However, they could not penetrate the visitors' defence. With only a few minutes to go, the visitors increased their score, W. Eaton putting the ball between the uprights as a fit- ting finish to a combined and dashing attack by the whole forward line. This was all the scoring and consequently Emmanuel ran out easy winners by 4 goals to nil.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
ITEMS.

St. Barnabas' failed to gather both points at Hollins Green. -

Challinor played a good game at centre-half. Vernon and Houghton missed easy chances of scoring. Atkinson did not get his usual goal for the homesters. Wightman keeps a good goal for Newton Cons. Meachin got two 'very good goals for the White Stars.

Paddington defeated the Central team's intentions.

Knight (late of the Adult School) was good in the visitors' goal. Riley, of the Y.M.C.A., failed to score last week, after having previously brought off the "hat trick" two weeks in succession.

The Y.M.C.A. captured both points on the Fairfield ground. Fairhurst was the best half-back on the field. Johnson and Cartwright did well for the Athletic.

Elmwood have at last gained a victory, Latch- ford Baptists being their victims.

TEAMS FOR TO-DAY.

Padgate United v. Risley.—These clubs meet at Risley, when the first-named will be repre- sented by: Ricketts; Sankey and Warburton; Llewellyn, Gilbert and Woods; Pass, Hough- ton, F. Hardman, Higginson and S. Hardman (captain). Reserves: Yates and Ball. 'Bus leaves Padgate Station at 2.15 p.m. Emmanuel Institute V. Paddington Albion 2nd.—These teams meet at Paddington, when the Institute will be represented by: E. Green; G. Barley and S. Hughes; C. Burgess, S. Ban- ner and W. Ayres; T. Hughes, S. Roberts (cap- tain), A. Oakes, W. Eaton and A. N. Other. Reserve: F. Knight. Elmwood Cons. v. Earlestown.—The first- named club will be represented by the follow- ing team, when they entertain Earlestown on Saturday :—R. Norke; Jos. Phoenix and H. Hazeldine; Jos. Pritchard, James Phcenix (captain) and F. Dutton; N. Ellam, D. Gleave, W. E. Ashton, T. Wells and A. Lamb. Re- serves: W. Phcenix and Jas. Mellor.

Paddington v. Newton Congregational.—These clubs meet at Newton to-day, when the follow- ing will represent the first-named :—George; Holmes and C. Smith; Taylor, Garnett and Spencer; Pritchard, Bleasdale, Darbyshire, Wrench (captain) and Craik. Reserve, Hol- croft. 'Bus leaves the Central Station at 2 p.m. Paddington Reserves v. Emmanuel Institute.— These teams kick-off on the ground of the first- named at 3.30 this afternoon. The Reserve team will be as follows :—Knight ; Vickers and Bur- den; Berry, Rowe and Summers; Shepherd (cap- tain), Newton, Barlow, Pickering and Brown, Reserves: Holmes, jun., Derbyshire, jun., and Taylor, jun.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCHES FOR TO-DAY.

7 7 Longford United v. Fairfield A.F.C.; E. Aldred.

Elmwood Cons. v. Earlestown Mission; G. Bamber. Newton Cons. v. Paddington; J. T. Hadl :ss. St. Barnabas' v. Orford White Star; A. Holt. Fairfield United v. Bank Quay Recs.; A. Thompson. Earlestown Y.M.C.A. v. Latchford Baptists; S. C. Essenhigh.

Sold everywhere in boxes.

price ClL__

===== 0002601_19141003_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James' Depilatory

Instantly removes Superfluous Hairs from the face, Neck, Or Arms, without injury to the skin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receipt of Postal Order for Is. 3d., 25. 9d., or 6/.—Mrs. N. JAMES, 068. Caledonian Road, London, N.

1.414.1D1ES BLAPICHARD'S PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, de, they si=y afford relief and never fail to alleviate all ei BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all pills for Women.' Bold in boxes, Ult by BOOTS' Branches, TATDOR'S DRUG Co. Branches and all Chemists, or post free, same price from Leslie Marlyn, Ltd., Chemists, 34, Dalston Lane,London Free Sample and valuable Booklet, postir ee,ld. SUMP

===== 0002601_19141003_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

- - - Should send two stamps for our 82-pig. Illustrated Book, containing Valuable Information how al Irregularities and Suppressions may be entirel, avoided or removed by simple means. Recom- mended by eminent Physicians as the only Bata. Stria and ganuine Remedy, Never fails. Thousands of Tostimonials. Established 186 g. MR. PAUL BLANCHARD, Claremont Bones, Dalston-lane, London.

Exo Kills Rats & Mice k registered). Government testimony with every box. The World's reates.t. No danger or smell from dead vermin. Safe, Sure and Quick. Chrrnlet agents: Harold Smith, 77, Bridge Street. Watlngton; Joseph Taylor & Co., Radcliffe; J. Dawson, Coins. Sd., 6d., V-, 2/-, post 2d. Makers, The, " Haler- mine "Chemical Co. Ltd., Dundee.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i ,

===== 0002601_19141003_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
• i '‘''' ' ,', 2 f 1 ° : .1. ; ~ 't't i ' Pi 1 I 1 .! p . . 1

===== 0002601_19141003_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19141003_art0158.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
.t.'" 1.

1' ;4' 'r; • 01'

1.41,..,.!,/;,,,4•Lv,-;(:;:, IA Tvll,.i,rw• t ,- , ~" '''f 1 ::;.,, . • ~‘:s-:`:

===== 0002601_19141003_art0160.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19141003_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-,8

===== 0002601_19141003_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES BY AUCTION

tit

'l.

, 4 :,,, 4,,

•

[ I :il .1. 4 ' I t 1 $ It'''. '

;

1 '; i. ,t . I .

, , 1.

• V 1 t • t .

I

,

it .11 t 1%. 1/2111* . 41 , . itc .4 4:i Al 0 It. 1, 'li f.,i/ 11 . -i. jil . , ~ 1 ' I ItII. ' t i t liT o 1 'tilY

Dogs.

Medical.

P

, . 414,0

RIN

Wanted.

Money:-

F.

£5 TO £5,000 LENT D TERMS for agreed £ 5 loan. Repay 5 10s. £ 2 '£ 10 „ „ 11 £3( £l6 10s. £5( £22 All No sureties, no delay, no pub tion to applicants iron - CHARLES PI 219. BRUNSWICK-STREE' MANCHESTER. and at (over Bradley's Clothing F

Dirs. Hind, Knighton House, 101, Poplar-road; close pier, station; moderate.

ST. ANNES.—Apartments; homely, central; board optional; terms moderate.—Mrs. Greer, 54, St. Albans-road.

Shops, Businesses, etc.

A LL PERSONS RAVING BUSINESSES TO ASELL are advised to consult Mr. Cowdell. 20, &Inseam-street, Warrington. '

GOOD Mixed Fruit and Sweet Business on Sale, main road, takings £2O per week; every- thing at valuation; rare chance for young couple.— Apply OR., -" Examiner" Office, Warrington. No agents.

Situations Vacant.

A- T STUD.—Bulldog, Dereham Sinner, a win- ner of over 50 prizes; to local fanciers, fee .21 le.—Elirkbeck, Howarth Crescent. Poulton.

To be Let.

Habit Cured and Its Kim-- Evils; .1.1 quickly, secretly, permanently. No failures; fa. P.O.—Scientific Supply Co., Skelmanthorpe, Huddersfield.

dred

WVANTED, Scrap Motor Covers and Tubes. Plain Ss. cwt., Studded 4s. cwt. Tubes 6d. pr lb.—Rodney Rubber Co., 91-93, Roscoe-street, Liverpool.

PAILY ON THESE periods:— :5 loan, Repay £ 27 10. ) 33 „ „ £65 .00 „ £llO blicity. Special atten- -21 this district.

!. OXFORD-ROAD. . WITTON-STREET >p), NORTIVNICH.

Shares for Sale.

; t„4., ; .t I !Rik

• L.

I

'c,%•!: .'..,:•,.,'i 1 4.;1,1 1,;,4.1t..,.(,,i Ti , ' ?,‘l.li.ilit.)li,i,: 4 ' 4.1A1, ,kiet, • , ~., ~...• „. . , -

===== 0002601_19141003_art0163.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19141003_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants—Wanted.

COOK-GENERAL (young) and Housemaid: Waitress Wanted; three in tamily.—Dorman, Corrisgate, Beaufort-road, Brooklands.

CIOOKAIENERAL, good, Wanted, for October 6th; good references.—Anply by letter, 88. bcariebrick-road, Southport.

COOKE )V -GENRAL and Housemaiu-aitress Wanted; Protestant; state age, wage and refer- ence.—Apply Branksome, Birkdale.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
G____ ENERAL, good, Wanted, for Milk-house; age about 25.—Apply 4, Morgan-street, off Cir. cue-street, Liverpool.

GENERAL, experienced, Wanted; reference required.—Ardlair, Warren-road, Blundell- sande, near Liverpool, by letter. •

G_ ENERAL Wanted; references; good home; no washing; wages 6s.—Shaw's, Drapers, 747, Rochdale-road, Queen's Park, Manchester.

G__ ENERAL, thoroughly experienced; plain cook; no washing, ironing; age 22 to 35; full particulars.—Mrs. Shorrocks, Lindisfarne, 011erbar- row-road, Hale.

G_ IRL, about 16, Wanted, to help in house- work; comfortable home; reference required.— Apply Mrs. Southern, 6, Clyde-road, West Dids- bury. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
SERVANT, young, for 2 persons; small wash. —Write, giving references and particulars, Daisy Bank. Maghun.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0167.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
On Sale.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
i-D—:11-1—.E171-1(YrOR CYCLE and Sidecar, two oreeds, free. splendid condition; cheap.— Boughton. 309. Atherton-road. Hindlev.

Miscellaneous on Sale. etc.

BLOUSES! 2 for 10/6; Delaines, Silkycords, Shirts, Yoked Magyars.—Ross, 286, Powers- court-road, Portsmouth.

GRAND selection Cross-bred Pullets, March, April hatched, 2s. 6d. to 3s. 3d., carriage paid 6 upwards; reduction quantity; satisfaction guaran- teed.—J. A. Sutcliffe, 124, Whitegate-drive, Black- pool.

11/OTOR DRIVING taught Coachmen and 11l others; proficiency guaranteed for fixed fee.— Walmsley's Garage, Guildhall-street. Preston.

_ . 'JEW CUTTINGS, Woollen or Cotton, bought 11 for cash. Write for price list.—Handley and Drury, Dewsbury, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
QIX empty Bee Hives for Sale, in good condi- tion; also a few pounds of Honey.—Nicholson, 8 Troqueer Buildings, Ormskirk.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
Situations Wanted.

NURSE wishes Re-engagement with invalid; 20 years' experience; good references.—lvy Cot- tage, Station-road, Partington, Manchester.

LADY wishes Temporary Place, 3 or 4 months, for her excellent young Cook, where help is given; wages £26; Manchester or neighbourhood.— Apply at once Mrs. Hammond, Castle Hill, Middle- ham, Yorkshire.

YOUNG LADY requires post as Help in house or business; domesticated; knowledge book- keeping, typewriting.—Write M.W., " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0171.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Education.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
IJ— _ OME SCHOOL (Girls), recommended; thorough education; moderate terms; country. —Mies Sutcliffe, Farnsworth, !tear Warrington.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE Tuition in Shorthand and Type- writing (Standard machine). Terms moderate. —Apply Mr. T. Lowe, "West View," Penketh.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
MLIE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. From Builders' Merchants, and from the Manufacturer, Dutton-street, Warrington. Best Red Finish, 145.; Brown Glazed. 12s. Tel. 99.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
The Allies' Line.

On Tuesday Paris abandoned its reticehce as to the precise line that was being held and: contested in Northern France. It was then stated that the Allied Front was as follows:

From Pont-a-Mousson on the east, it passes near Apremont and cuts the Meuse in the region of Saint Mihiel. Thence it turns north-east to Verdun, running from there again almost due east near Varennes and north of Souain to Reims.

From Reims it follows the high road to Berry- -au-Bac. East of this place it crosses to the north bank of the Aisne, and runs along the course of the Aisne to Soissons, chiefly, it appears, on the south bank. Between Soissons and the junction of the Aisne and the Oise it crosses again to the north bank of the Aisne. At this meeting-place of the rivers it turns again almost due north, though with an easterly incline, crosses the Oise, and passes through Cibecourt and Roye to the plateau between Albert and Combles north of the Somme. _ .

On this left flank the enemy's position is also clearly marked. Lassigny and Chaulnes, held by the enemy, face Cibecourt and Roye, where the Allies are posted.

GERMAN TRANSFER OF FORCE. Last week the German right wing was strengthened by the 'transfer of Army Corps, both from the centre of their line and from their left in Lorraine and the Vosges. This force, concentrated near St. Quentin, was at- tacked by the French "operating between the Somme and the Oise." "A general and very vigorous action" followed.

- Along the line of the Aisne, where the British were awaiting their chance, there was little change. Here everything must depend on the result of the flank fighting. On the extreme East, the enemy made some progress among the heights on the east bank of the Meuse, bombarding some of the forts be- tween Verdun and Toul. DESPERATE ATTACKS. - -

Saturday': 13;h:tin; from the front told of fierce engagements on each flank of the battle and of a German advance over the Meuse. This had been driven back by a French counter- attack. The Germans, who had forced the passage of the river, were also threatened by a successful French advance from Toul, which had driven batk the 4th German Army Corps with heavy loss. On Sunday Paris reported " marked progress" on the part of the Allies "on a very extended front between the Oise and the Somme, and to the north of the Somme." _ -

All td-o-ni-the-e-niTenefied line of the centre the enemy had made a number of vigorous attacks, repulsed everywhere except in one part, between Souain and the Argonne, where they made some ground, only to lose it again. "At many places the lines of the French and German trenches are only a few hundred metres apart." It was evident that the Germans were trying at many points to break through, but these desperate attempts to gain ground were checked with heavy losses. .

'On the -Meuse between Verdun and Toul the enemy broke through the French line of forts at St. Mihiel, but the French took steps to see that the enemy did not profit. On Monday the Press Bureau issued a brief summary of the position, showing that on Sun- day night the British lines were attacked with even more vigour than before, but with no more success. The Germans gained no ground. Ear- lier reports from Paris were equally brief, but no less encouraging. At certain points, notably between the Aisne and the Argonne, the enemy had made further violent attacks, which had !wen le pulsed. A Paris bulletin commented on the violence of the German attacks, and described them as manifestly due to an attempt on the part of the enemy to break the lines of the Allies with his collective force, apparently on instructions from the supreme command to achieve a decisive re- sult of the battle. In this the attacks failed..

It is satisfactory to know that fresh British troops have arrived and relieved the men vho had been in the firing line for some time,. The weather has been finer, the nights much colder. "No Man's Land," between the entrenched lines, is, says an official statement, ileaped with the bodies of German infantry, still lying where they have fallen at different times. _ _

The battle Continues to well for the Allied armies. Along the Oise, far above Noyon, the Allied movement against the German right pro- ceeded, extending to the northward as it devel- oped. The report circulated late on Tuesday night that the German right wing had at last been broken and that the Allies were in pur suit remained unconfirmed, but there were evi- dent signs that there was cause for satisfaction at the course of events. The German force which succeeded in estab- lishing itself on the heights of the Meuse near Saint Mihiel had to fight to hold what it r,ained. Ifekvy engagements are reported in this quarter and the Allies advanced at several points, not- abiy to the east of Saint ilihiel.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN SPIES.

Sir John French's descriptive writer explains the German methods of assisting the movements of their armies by the employment of a host of spies, male and female. Men in plain clothes signalling to the German lines by means 9f coloured lights at night and puffs of smoke Ly day; German officers and soldiers in plain clothes or in French or British uniforms left in places that have been evacuated; women spies; secret agents at railheads—are all part of this organised system of secret service.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE 130MII EXPLOITS.

German aviators were active. in bomb throw- ing during Saturday and Sunday. One killed an old man and injured a little girl in Paris. Attacks of the same kind were made on Belgian towns. A Zeppelin raid on Ostend was attempted last week. The object is now said to have been to destroy trains laden with ammunition. The trucks had been sent away before the airship appeared.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
RUSSIA ADVANCES

A GREAT ARMY FOR BERLIN AND VIENNA.

It is said that the Czar has at his disposal an army of 5,000,000, with which he intends to hack his way through, to use the eloquent words of the German Chancellor, to Berlin and Vienna.

The German advance from East Prussia has been checked, and it is thought the Germans will find that their great exertions in that region have been thrown away on meeting a Russian fesint to corer the real plan of campaign that is now developing on a large scale. We learn from Petrograd that the attempts by the Germans to cross the Memel near Druss- keniki were thwarted by Russian fire. The German artillery was unable to prevent the offensive movement of Russian troops near Sopotskinie. The retreat of the Germans to- wards the Suwalki Government 'was becoming general. "The fighting in Galicia has been very fierce, says the communique, especially on Ujok Hill, where the Hungarians were dislodged from three positions, and finally retired in disorder. We captured one complete battery, and several hundred prisoners. The pursuit is being con- tipued. AU commuaicAtklite i IPSdi With

===== 0002601_19141003_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY,

Przemsyl, where no change is reported, though, according to reports of deserters, there is con- siderable disorder among the garrison. The attack on Austria's last hold in Galicia developed the eastern end of the Cracow- Przemysl positions being threatened. At one place it was reported on Monday Cossacks in the Carpathians had crossed the Hungarian border.

Cholera is said to have broken out among the Austro-Hungarian troops. METHODICAL RUSSIA.

Russia is pursuing her campaign methodically and with success. The operations of the Rus- sian armies are now developing in three dis- tinct theatres. One army arrested the German advance from the East Prussian frontier on the River Niemen. The main Russian armies in Galicia are pushing rapidly on to Cracow, leav- ing Przemysl isolated far-in their rear. A third Russian force has broken through the passes of the Carpathians and is invading Hungary and assuming a most menacing character.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH AFRICA. BOTHA TAKES THE FIELD AGAINST GERMANY.

The Expeditionary Force sent by the Union of South Africa, under the command of General Botha,, against German South-West Africa, scored an initial success. It entered Luderitz- bucht without resistance and has hoisted the Union Jack.

The South African force arrived off Luderitz bucht on the evening of September 18th. The surrender of the town was formally demanded and obtained. The occupation then took place. The German garrison had abandoned its defence and retired into the interior, blowing up the railway and destroying the wireless station. Meanwhile the Germans have been active in raids upon the borders of the colony. Walfish Bay, a port held by Great Britain, but sur- rounded by German territory, has been cap- tured. On the eastern frontier of German South-West Africa the police post of Riet- fontein, in the territory of the South African Union, has also fallen to German raiders.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN COLONIES DWINDLING.

Another German colony has fallen to the Aus- tralian Expeditionary Force, under Vice- Admiral Sir George Patey. The town and harbour of Friedrich Wilhelm, the seat of gov- ernment of Kaiser Wilhelm's Land, German New Guinea, has been occupied without opposi- tion. Friedrich Wilhelm has been garrisoned by the Australian troops under the British flag.

SURRENDER OF DUALA. . The following official announcement was made by the Press Bureau :

The operations of His Majesty's naval forces on the West Coast of Africa have resulted in the unconditional surrender of Duals., the capital of the Cameroons, and of Bonaberi to an Anglo French force commanded by Brigadier-General C. M. Dobell, D. 5.0., A.D.C. The Camerobns, which separate British Nigeria from the French Congo, promise a great prosperity. Cocoa, coffee, rubber, kola, and palm oil are all cultivated with success. Cattle rearing in the interior and gold and iron mining will in time add to the country's wealth.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
JAPANESE CLOSE IN ON TSINGTAU.

The Press Bureau on Monday issued the fol- lowing statement, which was communicated by the Japanese Military Attache:— On the afternoon of the 26th our troops at- tacked the enemy, who were in occupation of advanced positions on the high ground between the Rivers Pai-sha and Li-tsun ; after a slight engagement the enemy were put to flight. On the 27th our troops occupied the line along the right banks of the Li-tsun and Changtsun Rivers, about seven miles north-east of Tsingtau. At dawn on September 28 the Allied Japanese and British forces operating against Tsing- tau began an attack on the enemy's advanced Positions. By noon, in spite of a fierce fire, they had driven the Germans from their posi- tions, and had occupied all the high ground overlooking the main line of defence. The sea- ward approaches were stopped long ago by the Japanese Fleet, which has bombarded two of the forts with effect. When the place falls sev- eral warships will be captured also. At present it is not known what part of the German China Squadron is in the port and what at sea, watch- ing for a chance to raid British commerce. So far only the Emden has proved her liberty.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE BRITISH SHIPS SUNK.

-- The Secretary of the Admiralty announces that the German cruiser Emden during the past few days has captured and sunk in the Indian Ocean the British steamships Turaeric, King Lud, Riberia, and Foyle, and captured the col- Her Buresk.

The crews of the above vessels were trans- ferred to the steamer Gryfedale, which was also captured, but released in order to take the crews to Colombo, where they arrived on Tues- day morning. Attached to the China squadron when war began, the German cruiser escaped unobserved into Indian waters. Her latest victims are all small vessels, the biggest displacing little more than 4,000 tons.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN LOSSES.

Germany's latest casualty list contains 117,000 names. This does no include losses suffered later than September Ist, and there is no cer- tainty that it is complete for the August fight- ing. During the present month the Kaiser's armies have lost many more thousand men. On September Ist the last stage of the advance towards Paris, the defeat on the Marne, the pursuit northward, and the Aisne engagements had still to come. In the east also the German troops have been fighting hard and suffering severely since the beginning of the month.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
ROLL OF HONOUR.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT. KILLED. Birdwood, Second Lieutenant G. A. B. Wallace, Second Lieutenant D. S. Watson, Second Lieutenant E. G. WOUNDED. Evans, Captain B. Gebbie, Lieutenant J. F. R. Hewitt, Second Lieutenant G. H. Britton, 7489 Private E. KING'S LIVERPOOL- REGIMENT. WOUNDED. Kyrke-Smith, Captain A. K. (since died). Mapplebeck, Lieutenant G. w. Marshall, Captain F. Snatt, Lieutenant P. C. Tanner, Captain R. E. (since died). • , Goodricke, 8928 Private A.

MISSING. Horton, Lieutenant L. E. L. CHESHIRE\ . REGIMENT. WOUNDED.

Parry, 9214 Sergeant W. D. Roberts, 7288 Private It. SIX HUNDRED MISSING. An official list of 601 non-commissioned officers and men of the let Cheshire Regiment missing Since August 23rd end 4sUA—we aiqe ex we

===== 0002601_19141003_art0186.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19141003_art0187.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11'

===== 0002601_19141003_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
OCTOBER 3, 1914.

fighting at Mons—has been issued. It was known that the regiment was in the fighting at Mons and St. Quentin, and from the fact that no fewer than eighteen of the officers were given among the missing in the first offi- cers' casualty list of September 2nd it was sur- mised that other ranks" would also have suffered. Since that date it has been announced that of these eighteen Lieutenant-Colonel Boger, one of the missing, was among the wounded, that Lieuienant Frost, son of the Mayor of Chester, had rejoined, and, from unofficial sources, the War Office has learned that eleven are prisoners (five of them .wounded) and one killed. It may be surmised, therefore, that a considerable proportion of the missing 60ff are prisoners of war.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
PRISONERS OF WAR.

The Army Council have received, through the courtesy of Mr. John A. F. Aspinall and Mr. Egerton Stewart-Brown, of Liverpool, who have just returned to England after being de- tained in Germany, information that the fol- lowing are prisoners of war and interned at Munsterlager, in the province of Hanover : SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT. Glossop, 7594 Private D.; Grannell, 7323 Private T.; Harrison, 7556 Sergeant W.; Heth- erington, 5762 Sergeant S.; Parker, 6479 Ser- geant W. J.; Ross, 7405 Private A.; Slucock, 7812 Private J. H.; Stanton, 8768 Private E. CHESHIRE REGIMENT. -

Hawley, 9988 Private J. Ikin, 7635 Private G. Peters, 8410 Sergeant F. Vickers, 8280 Private R. Walton, 10048 Private C. IN HOSPITAL. MANCHESTER MILITARY. _ . _ .

South Lancashire Regiment.—Bibby; Corporal ES.; Cassidy, Private S.; Henson, Private W.; Sutherland, Private T.

2nd South Lancashires.—Bryan, Private T.; Baxter, Private F.l Prescott, Private C.; Teebay, Private J. Cheshire Reg i ment.—Dobson, Private 3.; Forster, Private T.; Boyle, Private H.; Wood, Private S. 3rd Cheshires.—Dale, Private G. H.

King's Liverpool Regiment.—Burke, Private P.; Evans, Corporal J.; Selby, Private T. (serious). ALEXANDRA HOSPITAL COSHAM. . ,

King's Liverpool Regiment..—Arnold, 8129 Private W.; Bloor, 8805 Private J.; Brown, 9378 Private H.; Cornish, 9216 Private J.; Dangerfield, 10740 Sergeant T.; Faulkner, 11275 Private T.; Parsonage, 11522 Private C.; Pres- cott, 8677 Private A. GENERAL HOSPITAL, OXFORD.

King's Liverpool/ Regimen't—Dnnbirn, 9038 Private J.

3rd WELSH GENERAL HOSPITAL, CARDIFF South Lancashire flegiment—Connor, 6665 Private J.; Harris, 8766 Private W. H.; Kelly, 5944 Private H. J.; Loughman, 7427 Private J.; Prince, 10110 Lance-Corporal W. E. King's (Liverpool) Regiment—Edwards, 8614 Private T. A.; Freeman, 11576 Private A.; Mars- den, 8256 Private J. '

===== 0002601_19141003_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL HOSPITAL, LINCOLN.

South Lancashire Regiment.—Chadwick, 9855 Private W.; Roughley, 10143 Private J.; Sunder- land, 8425 Private A.; Taylor, 8861 Private E. A. King's (Liverpool) Regiment.—Taylor, 11521 Lance-Corporal E.; Waring, 11289 Private C.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
NAVAL LOSSES TO DATE.

GERMAN.

The admitted German naval losses in the war up to the present are as follows:

Cruisers. Magdeburg: Blown up by Russian Fleet, August 27th. Ariadne, Mainz, and Korn r Sunk by British in Heligoland Bight, August 28th. Hela : Sunk by Submarine E 9, September 15. Goeben and Breslau : Chased to Dardenelles and sold to Turkey. _Destroyers.

Two, not named: Sunk in Heligoland Bight, August 28th. Submarines.

U 15: Sunk by H.M.& Birmingham, Aug. 10.

Mine-layers.

Konigin Luise : Sunk by H.M.S. Amphion, August sth. Armed Liners.

Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse: Sunk by H.M.S. Highflyer, August 26th. Cap Trafalgar (or Berlin) : Sunk by H.M.S. Carmania, September 14th. BRITISH. Cruisers. Amphion : Sunk by mine, August 6th. Pathfinder: Sunk by submarine, September sth. Pegasus: Disabled by Konigsberg, Septem- ber 20th. Aboukir: Sunk by submarine, September 22nd. Hogue: Sunk by submarine, September 22nd. Cressy: Sunk by _submarine, September 22nd.

Armed Merchant Cruisers. Oceanic: Ran ashore, September 9th. Gunboat. Speedy: Sunk by mine, September 3rd.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
NEEDS OF THE CHESHIRES. Advice to Those Who Are Making Gilts.

The appeal written by the Officer Commanding the Cheshire Regiment at the front for socks, shirts, &c., for the men, which was sent to the Duke of Westminster, has resulted in numerous parcels and communications from people having parcels to send being forwarded to Colonel Wil- ford Lloyd at Eaton. The Colonel wishes us to state that he is in correspondence with the Secretary to the War Office, from whom he ex- pects to obtain the precise address to which articles may be sent. In the meantime Colonel Lloyd informs us that parcels for the Cheshires may be sent to Eaton, whence they will be for- warded to their ultimate destination. The par- cels ought to be addressed to The Clerk of the Works, Eaton Hall, Chester, and clearly marked on the outside " FOR THE ,CHESHIRE REGIMENT."

The Appeal. Ist Cheshire Regt., 15th Infantry Brigade, sth Division, 2nd Army, September 16th, 1914. Dear Duke,—Could you use your influence with the people in Cheshire to send the men of this battalion out some socks and shirts? They are hard put to it, as they have only had one pair of socks and one shirt since August 24th. Cheap wooden pipes are a great boon to the men, if you could get some of these sent out too. The Ordnance seem to have failed us in the sock and shirt line.

I wish I had asked you when I saw you in the village of St. Marguerite on the 14th inst., with Colonel Seely.—l am, yours truly, J. LINTORN SHORE, Capt., Commanding Ist Cheshire Regt.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN TIRED OUT.

The woman who feels tired out, who aches all over when she rises in the morning who feels depressed most of her time, needs just the help , that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills can give her—new blood and stronger nerves. The number of disorders that are caused by thin blood is amazing, and most women are careless about the condition of their blood. Their irritable; are quickly affected, and they be- come they worry over trifles, and they, do not obtain refreshing sleep. There may or may not be stomach trouble and headaches. This is the condition that calls for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, the blood-making and nerve-restor- ing tonic. I Give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial, and the first sign of new life will soon be noticed. by your improved appetite. You will be hungry by i meal time. As•your blood becomes enriched t feeds and soothes the irritated nerves, sleep be- comes sounder and more refreshing, your wor- ries diminish, and your work seems lighter. These are some of the benefits that follow the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Try them for any trouble caused by thin blood, and begin to-day. Any dealer can supply Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People; or sent direct by Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. Pd. for six. Business as usual. FREE.—" Plain Talks to Women" is the title of a useful health guide offered free to any lady reader who sends a postcard to Hints Dept., Llolborn-viadact. London. E.C.

'

===== 0002601_19141003_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRTY-FIVE YEARS ORGANIST. Well-known Catholic Musician Passes Away.

DEATH OF MR. THOMAS MATHER.

Local Roman Catholicism has lost a staunch adherent, the progressive political forces of the town a warm supporter, and many a poor family a kind-hearted friend, by the death of Mr. Thos. father, of Planers-brow, Warrington, who passed away, after a lingering illness, on Friday last.

The deceased gentleman belonged to an old Catholic family, and played a prominent part in the local affairs of the church to which he belonged, and his valued services will be long remembered by his co-religionists. Up to a few years ago, when he resigned on account of fail- ing health, Mr. Mather was organist and choir- master at the Church of St. Mary, Buttermar- ket-street, a dual post he held for nearly thirty years. That his services were appreciated by both the choir and the congregation was attested by the choice testimonial and illuminated ad- dress presented to him by local. Catholics upon his retirement from thelwin-posts named. His energies,. however, were not confined to adding to the beauty of the services of his Church by means of his gift for music, for he served her in many other ways. His connection with the Warrington Catholic Philanthropic Society covered a period of some thirty years, during which he acted both as president and treasurer. He was also, at one time, a prominent figure in the old Catholic Society, and other kindred organisations, now extinct. Keenly interested in politics, nevertheless, Mr. Mather could not be described as a man who followed his party blindly, his independent spirit and clearness of vision preventing him tying himself to any hard and fast political shibboleth. However, his sympathy in Irish politics was with the party of Gladstone, and often, just before his death, he would say that one of the greatest pleasures in his life was the fact that he had lived long enough to see the triumph of Ire- land in her long struggle for Home Rule, a struggle in which he had played no mean part, both in these days, when the cause of Erin, re- ceives more or less sympathetic treatment on all hands, and in the days when to talk of the re-establishment of an Irish Parliament was anathema in the ears of all save the most ad- vanced of Radical politicians.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
A PROMINENT LIBERAL.

For many years the late Mr: Mather was a prominent member of the Liberal Club, and during the week-end the flag on that building was flown at half-mast as a mark of respect and sympathy. s

Mi. gather was not., only a progressing Catholic, but also a practical one, and he had the privilege of giving two of his daughters as nuns to the Order of the Good Shepherd. Generous of nature, he never lost an opportu- nity of doing all in his power to assist his less happily - circumstanced co - religionists. His death robs Warrington Catholicism of one who will be long remembered by the uprightness of his life and the generosity of his nature. The bereaved family have been the recipients of much sympathy. The mortal remains of the deceased gentle- man were conveyed to St. Alban's Church on Monday night, where they rested until the fol- lowing day, during the morning of which Requiem Mass was sung, the Rev. Father Daw- son, 0.5.8., officiating, and a large number of the general public attending. With Mr. J. Eckersley at the organ the plain Gregorian Chant was sung by a special choir, who were assisted by Fathers B. J. Gibbons, 0.5.8., T. 0. Swarbreck, 0.5.8., and G. C. Jackson, 0.5.8. The interment took place immediately after- wards in the Warrington Cemetery, the Very Rev. Father Whittle, 0.5.8., and Father B. J. Gibbons, 0.5.8. (Leyland, Preston), officiating at the graveside. The principal mourners were: Messrs. Thos. and John Mather (sons), Peter Mather (brother), John Dolan and Edward Rimmer (nephews), Father Thompson (West Kirby), Brother Henry, C.P. (Sutton), James Rimmer and Edward Whitehead (Rainhill), Joseph Dolan, W. Johnson, W. Bate, W. Kilduff, A. B. Marsh, Alban Boyle, G. T. Bibby, Edmund Rigby (Catholic Philanthropic Society), J. Eckersley, A. Kilburn (St. Mary's Choir), J. Richardson, W. Dilworth, Geo. Dolan, H. Woods, A. M. Crowe (United Irish League), Thos. Domville, Houghton and Tyrer (repre- senting the Pawnbrokers' Association, of which the deceased was a member), J. Bate, Goodwin, M. Macdonald, J. W. Bibby, Birchall, H. Houghton, G. Lomax, Henry Rigby, &c.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
MANY TOKENS OF RESPECT.

The bearers were : Messrs. A. Boyle, W. Kil- duff, J. Eckersley, Edmund Rigby, W. Bate and A. Kilburn. Mr. Jos. Richardson played the Dead March in "Saul" as the funeral cortege left the church. The floral tributes were many and beautiful.

It may be added that the late Mr. Mather was organist at St. Mary's Church for just over a quarter of a century, whilst for nine years before that he officiated in a similar capacity at St. Alban's. It is a noteworthy fact that dur- ing the whole of the thirty-five years that he gave to the musical side of worship in the churches of his faith he was only- absent from his post on six occasions. His uncle, Mr. James Kay, was organist at St. Alban's before him, and between them they occupied the organ loft at the church for a total of 71 years.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL TRAINING CORPS. - Rifle Range To Be Provided. AN AMALGAMATION SCHEME.

Remarkably rapid progress is being made with the Local Training Corps, both in the number of recruits and the general fitness of the men, who carry themselves very smartly. Since it has been decided by delegates from the various training corps to amalgamate under the presi- dency of the Mayor, the desirability of such a step has been seen by all, and the many advan- tages are plainly obvious. The Stockton Heath Corps is amongst those who have joined in the arrangement, and they have decided to hold drills on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays. They have been conceded the use of the Council School and playground for the drills. In War- rington it has been decided to form companies of men between the ages of 35 and 50, and other companies for men over 50 years of age, which will be called a veterans' company. A rifle range is being put up for the use of the whole corps, which is at present composed of over 500 men.

APPOINTMENT OF OFFICIALS. A meeting of the newly-formed Executive Committee was held at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, when delegates from all the various corps were present. Mr. .1. Fulton- Smith was elected chairman of the committee; Mr. Bellian, vice-chairman; Mr. P. H. Bennett, secretary; and Councillor Wilkinson, treasurer. All the local drill instructors were co-opted on the Executive Committee.

Collin reported that Mr. Greening had offered, on behalf of Messrs. Greening's, the use of the rooms at Scotland Bank Works for the purpose of drilling. The offer was accepted with thanks, and it was decided to arrange for the lighting of the room. The further proposals of the committee will be submitted to the whole corps at a meeting to be held in the Parr Hall on October 9th.

TRAINING CORPS AT DRILL. The Warrington Training Corps was well represented at the Arpley Cricket Ground on Saturday afternoon, when, for an hour, the members performed various military drills. Later they went on a route march to Walton and back, through Stockton Heath. The men were under the command of ex-Sergt.-Major Sullivan, and Instructors Stirrup, Prince, An- derton and Lloyd. There will be another drill this afternoon at the Cricket Ground at three o'clock.

First Summons Under New Act. Of Tuesday morning the borough magistrates heard the first local case under the In the Matter of Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, which has recently been put into operation. The defendant was Peter Hankinson, of 2, Porter-street, who was summoned to show cause why an order should not be granted to Mr. Gittens authorising him to levy a distress for rent.—lt was stated that defendant was in arrears to the extent of £2 is. 6d., and he agreed to liquidate the liability by weekly instalments of 23.-3.14 case WWI adjeurneu ity eignt weeks.

THE, LOST CRUISERS. • Losses NA.hieh Should llave Beell Avoided. tate* The Secretary of the Admiralty, in Dior ment accompanying the reports of the eed is officers who had survived and been 15,_11,61:00, England, says the sinking of the Aboos"autl• of course, an ordinary hazard of patrolling „olc The Hogue and Cressy, however, were t'ieir because they proceeded to the assistance °La consort and and remained with engines stare. e 1 deavouring to save life, thus presenting it and certain target to further submarine 0":0 in The natural promptings of humanitY btoe this case led to heavy losses which loug"itnd been avoided by a strict adherence to iiii ellt" considerations. Modern naval war i 9 f',"6tion9 ing us with so many new and strange e r that an error of judgment of this chara—„o in" pardonable. But it has been necessary' out for the future guidance of His 111,111'-wslieg ships, that the conditions which prev a"jr one vessel of a squadron is injured in i',,Thsre field or is exposed to submarine attnes,:tioe' analogous to those which occur in an and that the rule of leaving disabled eP7OI, their own resources is applicable, so rate as large vessels are concerned. , humanity, whether to friend or foe, Bbo I' to a neglect of the proper precautions 5117,ten positions of war, and no measures can be ;ails' to• save life which prejudice the militarS.:ver; Ition. Small craft of alrkinds should, - ge° be directed by wireless to close on the d 5-8 , ship with all speed. ed tilde The spirit of the men who had surv-v disaster was reflected in the following 0,13: the ing sentence of the report in respect ' Hogue:— a be " I have the honour to submit that I 133",'et appointed to another ship as soon as I can A. have the honour, &e., REGIIctIr NORTON, Commander late H.M.S. Hogue.

===== 0002601_19141003_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN lIUNS.

.141.

An Imitation Black Hole of Callllo The . Commission appointed by the Te-laif Government to inquire into breaches of t hes of nations and the laws and usages of wilr, presented its third report to the 1.-"lniste. Justice. In order to complete its report of the Aug ha Commission thinks it its duty to rer°r(lo.htir,b after the burning of Louvain the hnuae.s 4,10 remained standing, the inhabitants 01A,:e the had been forced to flee, were pillaged 11°"- eyes of German officers. On September Germans were seen setting fire to four bftubgleeB Another fact which emphasises the r`;space character of the treatment to which the roe, able population of Louvain was sublecteci 00 the report says, also been established' ,aes, Au gust 28 a crowd of 6,000 to 000 8, Pe rolls, •n, dive women and children, of every age and CO was conducted under the escort of 5.7„-ottl ment of the 162nd Regiment of German- 11:1"-the1 to the riding school of the town, wl!er:afine,", spent the whole night. The place Ot —aside; ment was so small in proportion to the 043110' of the occupants that all had to retuniu".t jug, and so great were their sufferings '„0-rae° the course of this tragic night several ears lost their reason and children of tender Y died in their mothers' arms. CITIES. MOTIVE FOR THE ATRO or, The true motives for the atrocities, thei Picsti lug evidence of which we have gather'-'orise only be, on the one hand, the desire to terteritll and demoralise the people in accordance.p.tar9 the inhuman theories of German t°,1.,‘," for writers, and, on the other hand, the de°' or plunde,r. A shot fired, no one knows where,i, by whom, or against whom, by a drunk:3:4ol dier, or an excited sentry, is enough to iutriol. a pretext for the sack of a whole city- 'ef vidual plunder is succeeded by war levies oad magnitude which it is impossible to satieff t by the taking of hostages who will be sh°oe, kept in confinement until payment of Woe. som in full, according to the well-klbovra,Po be dure of classic brigandage. It must al°oo stated that in order to establish the Penrf case all resistance offered by detachment!,:f Regular Army is laid to the account civilian population, and that the invader for variably avenges himself upon the the checks or even the disappointment° W he suffers in the course of the camPaigi, „en " CLARKE'S 841 PILLS can be relied kr ours in either sex acquired or couetitutiorfoo so oh from the Urinary Organs Gravel Pot! in the back. Free from Moroni.; Beilibli6 ',sal I, wards of 50 years. In boxes 45.. Otemists and Patent Medicine Vendore the woild, or sent for sixty s_temps bY th° kneoln and Midland Counties Dilig ooba.—Advt. VC RI AY, YVV lOU' Tied rained e"Fir inctors,

LOOK TO YOUR . • • ~ EIRE PROTECTIO" , AND TO MERRYWEATHERS'

POP. FIRE EXTINGUISHING SUPP-1-19. Inspections carried out by thorolig": and trained Fire Inspeeter— "London Made" Fire Eland Fir?,Z Chemical Extir for

immediate

-is;iPeS'

MERRYWE, 63, LONG A(

Printed and publishei (Warrington), Lin General Printing II rington; also pub] EXAMINER Offices, 2, George-street, St. ] Earleatown, all in and at Chnrch-stree 01 (Avner.

by Jahn tb- et, a at Ore .ite , wsey. 'orks, Btjen. lished "J ad, ?Hh:el:tCulsoc;uon:t7

===== 0002601_19141003_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
Hose, and Fire

s .TH ER 85 s°N az, Jc G-

lassifwic°'

===== 0002601_19141003_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
rlctlr,l,Y P E CONGREGATIONAL BEWSEY-ST, WARRINGTON. (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 4th, 1914. Rev. T. T. JAMES, M.A. ng, 10.30: " Christian Fellowship." Intersn ces io Service in time of war. • aernion, "The Angel of the Night." 11.,..°n Service, Sunday Evening, 7.45. for Men at 3 P.m. IVAL, SUNDAY NEXT, OCT. 11.

HIPPODROME. 7.0. TWICE NIGHTLY. 9.0. , MONDAY NEXT, OCT. Oth, and during the week: GEO. D'ALBERT, THE BRIGHT AND BRIEZY COMEDIAN. FRANK HARTLEY. THE WIZARD OF JUGGLERY. CHARLES TORBAY, Studies in Black and White. LILY EYTON, a Singer of Sweet Songs. BORELLI, Singer, Musician and Humorist. MERTZ & WHITTLE, Modern Comedians. ERNEST MONTEFIORE & CO., in "The Little Colonel." VICTOR & LOUIS, COMEDIANS AND TALKERS. Gallery, 2d.; Pit, 4d.; Grand Circle, 6d.; Stalls, is. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEXT, TWICE NIGHTLY, 6.50 and 9. MATINEE, MONDAY, 2.30. MISS LEILA ZILLWOOD'S COMPANY IN "THE RIVAL MOTHERS." POPULAR PRICES. STAR KINEMA 6.SO—EVERY EVENING-9.0. MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY: "THE GUNMAKEIIS OF MOSCOW." -THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY: "A LADY OF QUALITY." Matinees: Monday, Thursday, Friday & Saturday, at 3.0. Prices: is., 6d., 4d., 3d., and 2d. Tel. 534.

FITN,'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, r)ERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. liAitvEsT FESTIVAL. l'11:)4Y, OCTOBER 4th, 1914. Rev. WM. REID. • " Sowing in tears to reap in the inY." " The overwhelming harvest of mustard seed."

PPc,„l5-ELPIIIAN MEETING ROOM. :EET, WARRINGTON. Free Bible .DAY NEXT. at 6.30 P.M. SUb)!Ct : kal%War to End. Divine Intervention. ea" 00 earth and goodwill toward WILLSON. Stockport.

METHODIST CHURCH, ,Clll-BTREET, WARRINGTON. (SITNDAY), OCTOBER 4th, 1914. lg. 10.30: Mr. J. A. METCALFE. °L Mr. J. J. SNAPE.

EET WESLEYAN CHURCH, cow WARRINGTON. (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 4th, 1914. evillg. 10.30. Evening. 6.39- In 11. WILLIAMSON, B.A. _mu e• Hymn Books Provided. '

---- - 'IIOAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, )Th. WARRINGTON. " (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 4th, 1914. 10.30: Mr. R. H. SUTTON. 6.30: Rev. W. T. DERRY, M.A. 1,-;9;112--z-e• Hymn Books Provided. ITtET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. -44tC/W (SUNDAY), OCT. 4th, 1914. t, 10.30 and 6.30. 'EST FESTIVAL SERVICES. an behalf of ' the Brotherly Fund.

WARRINGTON and District Milk Dealers' V V Association desire to INFORM the Public that the PRICE OF MILK will be ADVANCED ONE HALFPENNY per Quart from OCTOBER Ist, 1914, as is usual at this time of the year. WARRINGTON & DISTRICT PREPARA- TORY TRAINING CORPS. A General Meeting of Members will be held at the Parr Hall on Friday, the 9th October, 1914, at , 8 o'clock p.m., under the Presidency of His Worship the Mayor. All intending members are cordially invited. "

- ZOR D BAPTIST CHURCH. 'lt°llir (SUNDAY), OCT. 4th, 1914. Preacher: v• d• S. CHEDBURN. siec.,lo.Bo and 6 o'clock. '"e• Dynan Books provided.

IIrAIRCOMBINGS made up 2e. per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF FIT& HAIR FRAMES. PURE From 3e. 6d. each. HAIR. i 5/6 T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (Car Station). LIVERPOOL. Notices by Public Bodies.

STREET BAPTIST CHURCH, 4'ARRINGTON. ..S7 (SUNDAY), OCT. 4th. 1914. "8 FOTJRTFI ANNIVERSARY. BPECIAL SERVICES. ;!acher: Rev. H. OGDEN. 10.45: " True Optimism." 6.30: " Looking Backwards." anas by the Choir. N 8 PARISH CHURCH, INWICK-ROAD. EiparANKSGIVING SERVICES. Alr OCTOBER 4th. Preachers: 4:: a. DAVIES. Vicar. 1,, 'i• B. PERCIVAL, car of St. Pet , 1:6 er ...v• B. GRAY, M.A.. Head Master lioteler Grammar School. e Rs !or Work rs' Fund and Fund for r Bailors and Soldiers with Woollen Clothes Public Notices.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive LOANS either for six months' notice or for a term of years. Applications, stating amount for investment. to be made to the Borough Treasurer, Municipal Ofßees. Warrington.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT. The Electricity and Tramways Committee of the County Borough of Warrington invite TENDERS for the supply of SUB-STATION IRON-CLAD SWITCHGEAR. Specification and form of Tender can be obtained from the undersigned on payment of One Guinea, which will be returned on receipt of a bona-fide tender. Five shillings will be charged for extra copies of specification. Tenders addressed to the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee, Town Hall, Warrington, must be sealed with wax and endorsed " Tender for Sub-Station Iron-Clad Switchgear," and delivered not later than 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday, October 13th, 1914. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. F. V. L. MATHIAS, Borough Electrical & Tramways Engineer. Howley, Warrington.

COUNTI BOItOEGH OF WARRINGTON. TO PAINTERS AND DECORATORS. The Council of the County Borough of War- rington is prepared to receive TENDERS for the PAINTING of the following Properties:— Baths. Aikin-street Hospital, Buildings at the Cemetery, and House, Victoria Park. Specifications, Forms of Tender, and all further information may be obtained at the Office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Wednesday next, the 7th inst.' at which place Tenders must be delivered as stated in the specifications. The lowest or any Tender not necessarily accepted. ANDREW M. KER, Borough Engineer & Surveyor. Borough Engineer & Surveyor's Office; October 2nd. 1914.

CIOUNTY BOROUGH 10F WARRINGTON. •--) TOBACCO FUND FOR THE 2ND SOUTH LANCASHIRES (WARRINGTON BAT- TALION) AT THE FRONT. B. 5 00 F. A. Frost. 3 3 0 The Mayor, Alderman Peacock. 2 10 0 Segar Owen. 2 5 4 Collected at Star Kinema. 1 3 9 Collected by Peter Harrison, Appleton Rifle Club. 1 1 0 Councillor Roberts, Dr. G. W. Joseph. 1 0 0 G. F. F.. White, J. Lyon Whittle, each Arthur Browne, W. B. Forshaw, E. kubrev White, Henry Milling, and Dr. E. Bowden. 0 10 6 Alderman Bennett, G. H. Rowson and each Councillor Osborne. 010 0 Rev. J. Tallon. F. H. Swallow. 0 5 0 J.P. and W. T. Williams. 0 2 6 J. Estin. Total amount to 2nd October. .C. 24 7s. id. JOHN FAIRHURST. Borough Treasurer.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. LOCAL WAR RELIEF FUND. s. d. 5 14 0 Collected in Market by H. McDermott and R. Clifton. 310 0 Henry Collin, R. W. Collin and Walter each Collin. 2 17 6 Employes J. Dolan and Son. 3 19 0 Employes H. Fairclough, Ist and 2nd contributions. 2 2 0 T. Ince and Sons. 1 0 9 Employes T. Allen and Sons. 0 15 5 Employes Frank Warburton. 0 15 4 Employee R. W. Collin. 011 0 Employes F. W. Wright 0 8 2 Employes W. Winstanley and Co. 0 6 0 Employes Allen and Cook, Ist and 2nd contributions. 0 2 0 Employes J. H. Hulme. Total amount to 2nd October, 1'29 is. od. JOHN FAIRHURST, - Borough Treasurer.

TANNER BROTHERS. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. 27. WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON (Nut TO CINTBAL BTATION). CASH OR TERMS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS.

NATIONAL RELIEF FUND. LIST OP SUBSCRIPTIONS. s. d. Amount previously acknowledged 3,476 14 1 Herbert S. Bleckly, 2nd contribution 100 0 0 Employes Warrington Corporation, per Warrington & District Local Government Officers' Association 50 0 0 Employes J. Crosfield & Sons, Ltd., 2nd & 3rd contributions Second Street Collection by Boy Scouts Staff Royal Court Theatre, Ist monthlY contribution Andrews' Pictures, Ltd. I United Kingdom Commercial Travel- lers' Association Warrington Branch Employes L. & N.-W. Railway Co., Loco. Department District Goods Manager and Staff, L. & N.-W. Railway Co., Arpley, 2nd contribution Collection Appleton Wesleyan Chapel 4 10 0 Collected at Gospel Hall Staff, Goods Department, L. & N.-W Railway, Bank Quay, 2nd contri- bution lEmployes Armitage and Rigby, Ltd , Ist & 2nd contribution Office Staff and Foremen, W. D I Houghton & Co. Ltd. I collection at Buckley-street Chapel 22 0 Councillor Hawthorn and H. S. Ley- land. £2 2s. each Bank Quay Traffic and Coaching De- partments, L. & N.-W. Railway, 2nd & 3rd contributions Staff R. Davies and Co., 2nd and 3rd I contributions Training College Chapel (Ist 8: 2nd collections) Employes A. Greenhalgh and Co., 2nd & 3rd contributions "Guardian" Office Employes, 6th & 7th contributions 1 Staff G. & J. Greenall, Ltd., 2nd 8: I 3rd contributions Collection at Spiritualist Church 1 2 6 Proceeds from Concert at Grappen- hall, from a few boys and girls Oll 0 Warrington Cycling Club (additional) 0 10. 0 Staff at the Control Office, L. & N.-W. Railway Co. Telegraph Staff. L. & N.-W. Railway, I Bank Quay (3rd contribution) 0 9 0 Anonymous 7s. 6d., G.H.W. 2s. 6d 0 10 0 Ropery Dept., W. D,Houghton & Co , Ltd., let & 2nd contributions 0 5 4 Ellesmere-street Mission Employes Fletcher, Russell & Ltd. (Pattern Shops) .0,744 10 11 In addition to the above the under-mentioned have been forwarded direct to London : Warrington Golf Club, .821; Brick-street, In- dependent Methodist Church. 235. Bd.

UMBRELLA EXPERIENCE "Experience Teaches!' So runs the proverb, and in nothing is it more true than the Umbrella and Outfitting Trade. For 22 years we have supplied the ladies and gentlemen of Warrington and district with Umbrellas, and have thus a thorough experience of the trade, and of the wants of this district in particular. As we buy largely and well in advance of the seasons, we are able to obtain the lowest possible prices, and to protect our Customers against any sudden advance. Take advantage of our experience by .getting your Umbrellas and Walking Sticks at mouNFIELDSs Opposite Parr's Bank, WARRINGTON.

LATCHFORD STEAM LAIINDRy. EXPERT SHIRT AND COLLAR DRESSERS. SPECIAL TERMS FOR LARGE FAMILY. SCHOOLS AND HOTEL WASHING. Telephone 354.

WEST LANCASHIRE DIVISION Transport and Supply Column. SOUTH LANCASHIRE BRIGADE COMPANY ARMY SERVICE CORPS. • Men are still Wanted to complete the Company being raised to replace the Company that has volunteered for Active Service. Saddlers, Farriers, Motor and Horse Owners particularly required. A Recruiting Officer will attend at Head- quarters, 46, Legh Street, each evening between 7 and 9 o'clock, until the required men are enlisted.

Telephone 99. Office: 15, CHURCH ST. Works: DUTTON ST. JOSEPH MOUNFIELD & SONS, Proprietor: ARTHUR MOUNFIELD. THE VERY BEST AT THE LOWEST RATES" FOR FUNERAL FURNISHING I REFINEMENT. ECONOMY.

MILLING'S "SPECIAL" TEA. Selected to suit ,/6 per Warrington Water lb. TESTED, BLENDED AND PACKED IN WARRINGTON. Hy. Milling & Co. Ltd. Horsemarket St. and Corporation Buildings, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 432.

THE GREENDAR LAUNDRY, WILDERSPOOL.

During this present period of high prices the GREENBANIC LAUNDRY draw your attention to their scheme of Laundry Economy. Every description - FOR Send a post card. of Laundry Work undertaken and ' Orders collected finished n high- /NM - ami and delivered free. i class style. I A trial convinces. Alli

FOR 1 / ONLY.

The Bagw as h • iso I sendFliei a t , n, o thebag with clothes that will boil and us. we return the clothes beautifully partly dried, and ready for ironing. Separate bags for coloured goods. A Family Wash for One Shilling, size of bag 34 inches by 24 inches.

had to pass through a darkened room where bags of money were stored. All the men, except the one who danced, had taken money from the bags. If these men had danced some of the money would have fallen from their pockets, and they would immediately lose the chance of getting the appointment. His majesty was pleased with his clever wife and bought her the beads. He selected the dancer as the keeper of the treasures, but the other 19 men were put into prison. A LONG RUN. A railway in the Argentine Republic has a stretch of 211 miles without a curve or bridge. WHEN DADDY COMES AGAIN. BY JESSIE SIMM. Our house seems very lonely now, For daddy's gone away; ' He's gone to fight for country dear, The foe to keep at bay. "For God's good laws—a sacred cause— We fight," I heard him say. Before the fire his armchair stands, But daddy dear is gone; There is no arm to nestle in, No knee to clamber on. "And I shall not return," said he, "Until the fight is won." But when at length the fight is won, And evil foes are slain, When the great cause of right is saved, He will come home again. And there will be no longing then, No sorrowing, no pain. •:,=,,igfix. = L c .... VA= 12e, an= =ll= r . N , a il Mc Dougalls i N . i '*. Self- Raising' N Flour N , a a II . IS UNRIVALLED a , for YORKSHIRE PUDDINGS 9 and all PASTRY, -To BPOUIDLDEID & NGSS,TEANITEEAD CAKES and CONES. Once tried always used. s\ r I— , TRY IT TO-DAY. s Ink 4,..,-,‘ /4 # +-, ~.. * 49 -.:!---'' ' ____. II - .„..0•- Always - Reliable -, N - setlarrlr -Jr.11.,..1C.04 aidellrYlll,,lllll2 "ir,2C.131t

use su .., ands. ------ _.ng, 1 .; 11110004„ , • ..-.-. • .... qt 1 , ._ '''....--',/,w-i-4"", ----- -=---- /N4fe ,i' • '''/,,, ...- . it,,,..„ A . t •-•",.71--t ir ""I" / 1., , .4 -'.1.-4;44!•*) t' ~,,,,,. _ ~, „ . ~..,, `r, '4 I, ipi 11, , ...- ....: "ea- 4, i, ' -- (4%, ./ 1 4' I •.., 4..„.„ ‘).1:114,..5A/17,iiit,11' , 0.1'911 i,,il;') '''''",\''•j.,-I,g':.:s-114'4,4,1,i. , ' \ 'iv: .---C(s : , k. ~/.„, , \ ~,,,,.., .....,; /),/,,,,,://, 4,,, ~ „,„ I, 4. , -- -- ... • rzti ) . ~' r,i ~?,,,',7 . / -•• „„V-ts f 0,42, N _ --, ~,rO3O - r ,y/ 1 j 4,,,,,,p,- • :re.-„wev.,,,,,,,,,r,-; - -.0,--t . / , ' ~- - .d. • ‘'''' '-N0,'... Ji '''', 'lr ,'A 6 . ..... ,„4!,,f-VTi,l - - 61,0mrif f 1,f•.,1.„'N \ 'l,O .1 \,lt, ... / //, ‘ „ ..,•\ 4 \ 41i° , i ~ , - kar,... 0, , , 4 • 44.' ;,t'l \\l; 11141,41`1,'11i //1//7.• ;;.;#.4':f." ^ ‘l.\\\\\ \ ll\ i l'l',?.' r ri,j'lNW4(\ \ \ '143 ' 'fr • '',,, .NYV\kli /CY/ k-orS,ll\ 1!I /),;7:r,,,„ i‘ ~-,...., / \ \ \ \ i a, 0, s - ~. ~,,'•:,;•A', ' , ;;, \ , ;1.., \'• ve--,\, . •-. , \ ' / / • I, , o .ft...': 4' i 1 ' '' '' // fr \\,A 1. II i 1 ~„--;rlY i''''- ~ ‘..rk; , 1 ,ri • 4-/ ,t, it, ;LOA', ' .... , '9/ , , 4,0,,...-' \ r „,.. -- - ipti‘ 0 , ~1,,, , , t • , - 105..., 11 i' , , ,L (, ~,, -..% ~... /.;,. . 11, ~..x.... 1 tt.;,,,,:- .....1 .;1, 1/1 \.,'),/. i a,.._1( ..... .')_.....,,_-' '' . * 12%. --------_::_3 ------.. , // _____L--- -•:.---=-'4.....,....,_..---"::,4,,,141i....r--7,_, :_,---------------f7l -..-‘..11 it %......„. ai, ~,...............c.,,,,,..m., kst ............., ,4 ~„„.. ~.. ...„,,,,......._________„.,....___,,......... . _:,,,....____:_ __ ...„,..._ ____ i„,_ , ._--7=--.-- 7... z ..---".--;-- - ,-..-'------. - ..,,....- i ..---- -;;-. ----- ------- -...------------ - 6....'1.1.. .1:-- ----_________,-............. , ...... •%.`..... ..." ----/ -",.... .............1,—..„ ................ .. ....-.. ......••••..... P. ."" .161 e' ..-..... - - -,.. ',..._ 1.-A G•tfifi.. -•-- - .—.'- , BOER AND BRITON TOO. GENERAL BOTIIA (composing telegram to y " S th Wes r t Af lea. Kaiser): "Jus'"t off to repel another raid. Your customary wire of congratulation should be / _....1._ ' _ ' 11 , addressed 'British Headquarters, German ou B permission of the Proprietors of Punch."

HOLLOWArt glls ;71 OINTMENT

THE OINTMENT is the greatest heal- ing agent known for'Old Sores and all Skin Affections. Cuts, Bruises, Burns, Scalds, Chil- blains, Used in con- junction with the Pills it will afford a speedy relief in ,cases of Sciatica, Rheuma- tism and Gout, Colds, Coughs and Chest & Throat Comp- laints. *

THE PILLS. are a sure cure for Con. stipation, Indi- gestion, Bilious Attacks, Head. ache, Dizziness and other complaints which arise from a sluggish con- dition of the Liver, Bowels and Kidneys, by stimulating these organs to natural activity.

Of all Chemists, ilta & 219 per box or pot. SILVERN IN DRICE GOLDEN IN WORTH

Warrington Equitable Industrial Cooperative Society Limited. We are still selling our DOU LE OVERWEIGHT

NOTICE. CHANGE OF CLOSING DAY. We, the undersigned, Master Tailors of Warrington, hereby notify the Public generally THAT WE NOV CLOSE OUR BUSINESS PREMISES on SATURDAYS at ONE O'CLOCK, instead of Thursdays, as previously, commencing TIIIS DAY (SATURDAY), 3rd OCTOBER, 1914. (Signed) BOYDELL BROS.' 43, Bridge-street. JAS. CRITCHLEY, 45, Sankey-street. RICHARDSON & MATHEWS, 59, Bridge-street. SMITH & WALKER, 31, Horsemarket-street. CEO. SUTTON, 74, Sankey-street.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1914.

GREAT GERMAN DEFEAT. RUSSIANS ACIIIEVE REMARKABLE VICTORY. Large Captures. The Russian Embassy at Rome has issued a communique stating : The Germans have suffered a terrible defeat in the provinces of Lodz and Suwalki, being I compelled to flee, leaving great quantities of transport and guns. The troops threw away rifles and baggage. Numerous batteries were abandoned in the quagmires. , A Petrograd telegram says the Germans lost 30,000 killed and wounded, and 20,000 prisoners.

LOCAL INTELLIGENCE.

I "FRENCH'S CONTEMPTIBLE LITTLE ARMY."

WEAR Johnston Watson's Scientifically fitted GLASSES for Close Work and DISTANT VISION SIGHT TESTING OPTICIAN, 84, BRIDGE ST., Warrington. Steel Spectacles from 2/6. Rolled Gold from 8/6. Hours of Business, 9 to T-30. Saturday, 9 to 9-20. Please Note.RA " —__.r. Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4.30; Wednesday, 11 to 5-30; Thursday, 11 to 1; Friday and Saturday, 11 to 5-30.

t

I "4441111. Motor-cycies and Cars.smniffir Repairs by competent men. Petrol and tyres. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, LONDON ROAD. TeloPhone 63 Stockton Heath.

lELD OF SPORT.

IMMCW:IOIOPerri CfablVlE 'X' S.

THE ASSOCIATION GAME.

1, ,f' I 1.1 . • „'. , •I iL c. _ -

Punch WAR Cartoons TN each of I the great conflictsofthe past 70 years "Punch has been famed throughout the world for its splendid series of Cartoons In the present tre- mendous struggle the War Cartoons andPatrioticCar- toons of "Punch" constitute a feature of no ordinary interest. Ia Make sure of seeing every issue of "PUNCH." Tell your Newsagent to deliver it. '74c' NONNE H 24

.:.IFuRCATED RIVETS. 11116 FOR MENMPQ HARNESS, BELTS, etc.. of all Ironmongers, or sond V. for assorted box to— THE BIFURCATED & TUBULAR RIVET CO. LTD., AYLESBURY, BUCKS. SEND FOR FULLY DETAILED LIST.

MAKE THE MOST OF LIFE! In order to make the most of life, it is of supreme importance that you should possess good health. To establish this desirable condition several things are essential. The appetite should be good, the digestion free from all discomfort, the bowels regular, and the liver and kidneys active. ' --- BEECH A MD s .: i ~. are of the greatest service in keeping the digestive system in k state of efficiency. They are a valuable preparation acting upon are stomach, and digestive organs generally, in a way at once corrective, purifying and tonic. For the relief and cure of those ailments which have their cause in dyspeptic troubles this popular medicine is unrivalled. If you are anxious to make the most of life, be sure that, in the matter of health, Beecham s Pills , WILL HELP YOU! _ 11.11(.56 Pills)tr 219 (168 pills).

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER SERIES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES THE WARRINGTON EXAMTNER T" RUNCORN EXAMINER, THE WIDNES EXAMINER, THE EARLEITAOMER AND NEWTON THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. pREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS OE THE " WANTED " AND "ON SALE" CLASS ARE INSERTED IN ALL THE ABOVE AnaNTIONED NEWSPAPERS FOR ONE CHARGE ON THE FOLLOWING SCALES:— On. Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 96 6d. ... Is. 3d. 9s. Od. 3s. 9d 34 ... 9d. ... ls. 10d. ... Od. ... ss. Od 32 ... IS. Od. .70•• 28. 6d. ... 45. Od.• 75. 6d 40 ..: is. 3d. •.• is. Id. ... Is. Od. 88. 98 48 ... 15. 68. ... is. 88. ... 6s. 08. ....108. Od

HERBERT JOHNSON, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. Sales by Auction of Freehold and Leasehold Properties, Building Land, Ground Rents, Farming and Trade Stocks, Household Furni- ture, Stocks, Shares, and Debentures. Valuations for Sale, Probate and Mortgage, on reasonable terms. 'Sale room, Queen-street. Consignments invited. -

HENRY TAYLOR. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. ESTATE & INSURANCE AGENT, 15. BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Tel. 228.

VOW Vilf" VW VIGN, NOM Walk Villirilft NOM 11111‘ 1 i coast & countru 111 1 Where to Stay. 11 fi I Hotels, Hydros, Boarding houses. . , L 0 N D 0 N.--WILD'S HOTEL, FIRST-CLABB TEMPERANCE , 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.G. Central for Business and Pleasure. Electric Lift. HOMI COMFORTS, CIABANLINRSS AND QUIET.

-- ----- Apartments, Furnished Houses, &e. fl LACKPOOL.—SmaII Well-furnished House to Let winter months; a beds, every conveni- once; terms moderate.-Is, •Onslow-road, Layton, 131acKpool.--------._--- 1110LACKPOOL PROMENADE. Ferndene, .11., booth Parade Comfortable Apartments; moderate terms, or boarders ss. 6d. per day.—Mrs. Hough. BISPHAM, near Blackpool.—Public and Private Apartments; half minute sea and tram.—Misses Makin (from Bolton), 13, Hesketh- avenue.

kJCIOLWYN BAY.—Comfortable Apartments, lowest terms; close to shore and woods. Misses Evans, Wrettsthilv Bank Avenue.

_____ • --__ TARROCIATiIIside holiday Res IL idences, .2.1. pleasantly situated, central, neat baths; from rms.—Apply Miss Fitton. HARZOIiAT.&. Kingsley Hotel-Pension, Cold Bath-road. Central. Very moderate ODON terms. Tel. 272. VISITORS----.—Red and Breakfast. JILA single up from 28. 6d.; Double from 3s. 6d.— Handel House, Handel-street, Russell-square, W,C. SOUTIIPORT7---Comfortable Apartments, Public or Private; near town; all conveniences; piano.—Evans, 16, Rensington-road. SOUTTIPORT.--Apartments, near Promenade, Lord-street; bath, piano; moderate.—Mrs..and Miss Ibbolst-street.

ATLANTIC LINERS.—AII desiring to become Stewards, Stewardesses, Barmen, Waiters, Engineers, Stokers, etc. (application forms free). send addressed envelope.—Manager, 95, Shake- speare-atreet. E.°llP°ll'. LTAIRDRESSING.—Smart Youth Wanted at 11 once.—Apply J. B. Doncaster, 6, Market-street, Warrington.

TADS Wanted for Farmers in Australia; I wages to commence 10s. to 15s. per week all found; situation guaranteed; party sailing shortly; assisted fares, only £3 payable here.—Apply for full details to Collings Ltd., Accredited Government Agent. Rossmont-parade, North Finchley, London.

STEADY Labourers Wanted; wages 6d. per hour; regular work for suitable men.—Apply at 9.0 a.m. or 2.0 p.m. to John W. Leitch and Co., Milnsbridge Chemical Works, near Huddersfield. riIOILET SOAPS.—Wanted a thoroughly prac- tical man for Toilet Soap Department, one capable of Milling and PlotP,ing.—Send references, full particulars. experience, slate wages required, to Box 4, "Examiner" Office, Warrington. WiNTED:- for 'Widnes Market Hall, Smart, Businesslike Young Woman to manage Seaton's Toffee Stall.—Apply personally at the Stall at 2 p.m., Saturday, October 3rd.

COUNTRY HOUSE. Sewage Disposal system. No emptying of cesspools. No solids. No open filters. Perfectly automatic. Everything underground.—Beattie, 8, Lower Grosvenor-place, Westminster.

IF RUPTURED, send stamped envelope to Yorkshire Rupture Appliance Co., Hudders- field, for particulars of the most comfortable, effec- tive, durable, and hygienic appliance. 15e. 6d.: no better can be bought. Doctors_recommend it._ _

LADIES. Madame Talma's Wonderfulßemedies, sure, certain. War prices, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Send at once.-57, Eldon-street, New- castle-on-Tyne. 116TEW Flesh Building Food Tonic offered every- -1-1 en.• Builds flesh rapidly. Nerves strength- ened. Blood enriched. Delightful, harmless. Send for free particulars.—W. Richards and Co.. Pen- caecrwn-road, Peuvrheol. Gorseinon.

, i 1 . , ------- elllotri:ie,s and Can CANNOT YOU MAKE rasing, .1,.,,,0 ... struggling 581.?, iksn. know is o £2O. 55.; of life's climj, '""'""r 4 _ions, and Help You To Overcome Yours. to pay a lot of small bills? I wAilrlyvhicti cient Cash to Pay off all these worrisora,ru Suffi- ' leave you to make one payment, Be Able to meet. £5 loan repay le. 6,j u Will , .. . .71 confidence__s.£ tg.tPeSS:Ctfla6h 1n6:1.71k40, 1 IFIARY,KnR RU BIN, 3, ARPLXY-STREET: . WARRINGTON. 1 1 - PER CENT. Interest guaranteed and paid 1 , on the Ist of each month. Being Owners of .-- large House Properties, giving splendid profits. we 1" require deposits of £5 and upwards to take over additional properties now being purchased. 10 PER CENT. Interest on sums of £l2O and up- wards on - mortgage. Full particulars on applica- tion. FRANKLIN & CO., 56, BISHOPSGATE, LONDON, E.C,

GENERAL Wanted; references. Apply Sportsman Hotel, Leigh. , GENERAL, good, Wanted.—Apply Mrs. Lovelady, Highway Farm, Lydiate, near Liver- pool. I -

PARLOURMAID Wanted, English; age 2545; three in family ; give particulars; good refer- ences.—Mrs. Brunton, Groesffordd, Penmaenmawr. QERVANT, respectable, young, Wanted-; 11/4-7 accustomed to housework.—Apply Halliwell, 16, Lord-street. Southport.

SERVANT Wanted; age 20 to 26; two in family: must be able to assist in bar; refer- ence.—Hindle, Tramway Hotel, Great Bolton-street, Blackburn.

HUMBER, with Sidecar, 1:32. ENFIELD, 2t-h.p., £lO. SUN-VILLIERS, 2-stroke, £26 ss. J.E.S., Lightweight, £l5. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE. WARRINGTON.

CADlLLAC—adaptable for delivery waggon, £l5. DOUGLAS, T.T. MODEL, £ 48. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON.

COB, 14.3, suit tradesman; also a Stack of last year old Meadow Hay; also a Trap for Sale.— Apply R. Marshall, Nook Farm, AlawdesleY. MoToR VAN, new Body, suit Baker, Grockir, etc.; Perfect order; price £55; cost £B5 recently; too small for Laundry.—Apply Blun- dellsands Family Laundry, Liverpool. FORD 5-SEATER TOURING CAR, .2135. FORD 5-SEATER. new Jan-nary 15, 1914. £lO5. DELAGE. 10-h.p., 2-SEATER, newly painted, £125. HUMBER, 15-h.p., 5-SEATER TOURING CAR, £45. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON. ON SALE, sharp Pony, warranted quiet; Greengrocer's Cart, nearly new; and strong Set of Harness; £8 10s. the lot.—Mr. Watson, 19, Green- street, near Town Hall, Sandbach. pIANO, 10 guineas, fine tone. Easy terms.— 62. St. Mary-street, Warrington. -SWAN 5-6 with Sidecar, £35. JAMES 1913 Free Engine, with Sidecar, £35. B.S.A. 1913, Free Engine, with Sidecar, £46. DOUGLAS 1911, Great Bargain. £l6. W. STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON.

PULLETS, thousands laying, 30s. dozen; two months old, 10s. dozen; three months old, 155. dozen; list free; live delivery.—Hummell Poultry Farm, Stratford, Essex. TIOBAT MOSS LITTER users save money when they buy from The Oakhanger Moss Litter Co., Ltd., Alsager, Cheshire. Write for prices. RUBBER Goods Direct.—Send Is. for six assorted samples and instructive booklet for the married. Lista free.—Holloway and Co., 489. Bordesley-green, Birmingham.

BLUNDELLSANDS SCHO-OL, Blundellsands, near Liverpool.—Owing to war, limited number of gentlemen's sons received at reduced fees. Special arrangements for French and Belgians. Highly qualified Staff. Every home comfort. Healthy situation.—W. B. HAWKINS, M.A. (Oxon).

FRENCH, GERMAN, ITALIAN AND SPANISH. CONVERSATIONAL AND GRAMMAR LESSONS BY TRAINED NATIVE MASTERS. PRIVATE AND CLASSES. HIGHEST REFERENCES. THE MODERN LANGUAGE SCHOOL. Apply for Prospectus to PROFESSOR DAHL, At Dawson's, 59, Sankey-street, Warrington.

MR. H. L. READ, Mu s. B A C., F.R.C.0.. L.R.A.M.. A.R.M.C.M., ORGANIST OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. Organ and Pianoforte, Singing and Voice Production, Theory and Harmony. Preparation for all Examinations. RECENT SUCCESSES OF PIANOFORTE PUPILS :-1 A.R.C.M., 1 L.T.C.L., 1 A.T.O.L. For terms apply- -19, PALMYRA-SQUARE. WARRINGTON.

STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus.) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten, Preparatory School for Boys. Large house. exten- sive ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great successes in examinations. Prospectus, referenbes. and views on application to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal. "At Home" Wednesdays.

rpHE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, 1 WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Principal. MISS DRING, L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., PROFESSOR OF Music. Lessons on Organ at Lynirn Parish Church: on Pianoforte. &c., at Pupil's Resi- dence: at 121, Church-street, Runcorn: and at BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LYMM.

ADVERTISER offers for Sale 400 .t 1 Shares (or would divide) in sound Estate Owning Company earning 7i per cent.; a guaranteed cer• tam n nett return given; security of Investments in deeds; bank references.—Richard H. Murray, char- tered accountant. 29. Princess-street. Manclaester.

Houses for Sale or Hire. QA.L.E or Hire, Gentleman's Small House- fac- ing sea; bathing, boating: garden, ii acres. Garage built for owner's occupation. Also 8-acre compact Farm with new Bungalow.—Dr. Neish, Penrhiw, Dinas Cross. R. 8.0.. Pem.

Telephone 178. Telegrams: "Cunningham, Warrington." aur 11511 CUNNINGHAM, • • BREWER. WARRINGTON. CROWN ILLE CiA.TMEAL STOUT. EXTRA STOUT. STEPHEN MOSS & SONS, y ,IMITED. SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS. All Kinds of Agricultural Implements, Steam, Gas and Oil Engines Supplied. Fixed and Repaired; All Kinds of Wheela Hooped. HOT WATER ENGINEERS. are. WOSIS: ACADEMY-STREET. WARRIMITON

PROGRESS OF THE WAR. • Summary of Authentic News From All Involved Areas. • SPECIALLY COMPILED FOR "THE EXAMINER." NINTH WEEK. THE BATTLE OF THE AISNE. A STUBBORN AND PROLONGED STRUGGLE. -

. I'URNISH YOUR HOME , TASTEFULLY and . SUBSTANTIALLY. k will 1 n An Inspection of our stoc. ,_ ,„ convince you that comfort and rmi: in the furnishing of your rooms elf,"t not necessarily mean extravage" ,g outlay. OUR FURNITURE PLEASES THE EYE All goods sold by us are tualltif tured in factories under our obi. control and mj_pervision, from tcnctee sivedesigns. We can thus guai ofand substantial manufacture. onuserfnClusastomweerus aaewealrlinisafece da er tilcgire, OUR PRICES SUIT THE POCKET By controlling manufactorlee 3°_ii. place the goods on the Market Ili ing one profit only—the goods eel, bearingt to our customer,on ly tthe 0 nt ogwhere. h ev direct from us, the man7afactur l.leanr; two or three as charged else OUR EASY PAYMENTS , , al sg SUIT YOUR INCOME Terms Call ‘‘, orth -Monthly altered to suit ti2.e For £lO you pay 7'6 convenience or ,* £••10 ~ 15/. . Customerg• , " £3o2° ;-,0 " Discount allovrea „ 27/6 „ £lOO „ 5.5/- for cash. " 301 i ~ £l2 Carriage paid to all parts. SEND OR CALL FOR CATALOGUE. We will send you free tby Pest' fit; you can have on application, °d Large Illustrated CataloKue :NU Price List. IT COSTS „..p'-'s NOTHING AND WILL YOU POUNDS. G. Lows FURNISHING CO. 11. R. GRANT, Proprietor) Early ClE:szst in7DEayire, Saturday, c'elelc.; PEMBROKE PLACO ...., ......
