===== 0002601_19141017_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ICIIIR DROME

N. el. 320 y

Reform.ation of Calliope.

-4 .4

String

. . -.---- -- -..., -7---- ~,,,, ___ . -_._,....-..-_----.:•,--_- ....-;_-_-..........----..----A- _,,...._......,,. . • .. - , t , • . , • , i . • i ALONI43.IIIU 4 : 1 o • le: - • - -,, -. .a. •.... 4 ? si ....._,.,....f.......,_ ..., .4,, . , . t . , to . . t 70.,. logrz. i,, X 7 t 7( - - I. i 4 ' --... e.Z... ... 0;* .k • gm ..S1: a. _ on 066' 21 Q!1 1: oli, AblttL.‘:- !II: t . )1 1.....5.= ~„,._..{,..,,._.. 4 ~, ' • , ''. ..,0 ... i )L. =.'D to - 1 ........./ 4111 11111 X LIIII 1 111 11 t. II- ,i, - 1". IL t'll ......, 03 L. , Ina 11 '"" .1 . aIE 4. 13 . . ' ~. "16,...,72„,_•T Every leading Chemist. ni ..,.4-,., . i iff..-. and Store in England • Nii W'IV , rt) rz sells t' tie w , SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914. Di Poo, .1 la. 7d. par Quartar. S. ed. per psalm. KAPUTINE. 10. Id. Pee cisorbee airadiL z 0 ‘ammonammoiniw . HOW lIINSOffor •.' 7/7..4444.04t.,,..„ W DRAPERS :LM:'"h"'kitliEtt IMILLINERSI D Royal Court Theatre, Warrington. MONDAY NEXT AND DURING THE WEEK, at 6.50 and 9.0 MISS MADGE GREY, Lancashire's Comedienne, and Company, In a New Play, with Music, Wood's College r . .. . . , i BOLD STREET, WARRINGTON. - BRIDGE STREET ARRINGTON. ft KI I) •TS THE LEADING PROVINCIAL COMMERCIAL TRAINING COLLEGE. • . 1 " OIT R GENTLEMEN'S . SOMETHING TO CHEER YOU UP! BRANCH AT 1, BUTTERMARKET ST 0 f Popular Prices. Booked Seats, Tel. 460. MARKET GATE. I i TAILORING. CIVIL SERVICE AND GENERAL SUBJECTS. , 4 NEW WINTER I FRESH ROASTED OVERCOATINGS 44001 1 and SUITINGS. COFFEE STILL WINNING! _ . , ENTRANCE - BARBAULD STREET. ' 1/8 per lb. OUR "SPECIAL" BLEND. ANOTHER SUCCESS FOR . i 3 , i , HIGH-CLASS HAYES Bros. 1 CHILDREN'S Hy. Milling & Co. Ltd., ~ , Horsemarket Street , .k, • D ~ ~ and . T 0 Y S Corporation Buildings, FOR CHRISTMAS. WARRINGTON. - At the BOLTON EXHIBITION, October 14th, . 1914 WOW Valk Valk 'OW 'IOW VOW WO \ 10101601110 TELEPHONE 452. TELEPHONE 452. , ' 1 Miniature Bassinettes, 20-Guinea Challenge Shield t. I Rocking Horses, Swing Horses, • Silver Cup and Medallion KENDL miLNEat c„ Tricycles. Won for the second year in.succession. A pi You can have one laid aside '.l UN AND PAY WEEKLY. HAYES BROS.' BREAD , , Deansgate, Manchester. f PLEASE THE YOUNGSTERS! Telegrams, " KEl\lym.,, Telephone 6203 Centrat. IS STILL I COME AND INSPECT! KENDAL, MILNE & CO. are prepared to Tll E B ...NNW `leallk Neolle WO\ VIM\ Neill\ `4lllll4Noillk Completely Fit Up and Equip any Halls or Buildings as Temporary Hospitals at short ) PEN OLE Bußy 5 S notice. Estimates Free on Request. , __. i Large Stock OF OFFICERS' OUTFITTING. • i! t nr. cENTRAL STATION. INFANTRY SERVICE BUR- BALACLAVA HELMETS , .1 BERRYS - CAVALRY SERVICE BUR- KNITTED HALF-HOSE . . from 1/111 ~ f BERRYS . 73/6 LOOSE COLLARS - 1 1 SERVICE TOP COATS VIYELLA SERVICE SHIRTS 10/6 with Sleeves. from . . 12/9 : 1 1, ARMY GREY FLANNEL SHIRTS 6/6 SLEEPING BAGS MADE TO ORDER. FOR , - , SPECIAL DISPLAY OF i , •x--, • --rmt, .- t, • ~.Q-, • # • -tei ,- 1 / ,GIRNEIiTS tieliiiiiLlillallef Itru uu.)3 VIVAL . ' ' .AUTUMN wEAn , ST. JOHN AMBULANCE AND TER- I GREY CALICO for BANDAGES, 21d. RITORIAL CLOAKS .. from 25/6 and 31d. yard. NURSES' RED CROSS COATS from 25/6 GREY TWILL CALICO for NIGHT REGULATION RED CROSS APRONS, SHIRTS, 401 n. wide, 71d. yard. 1/111 and 2/6; AMBULANCE OVER- WHITE TWILL CALICO for NIGHT , ALLS, 6/11. SHIRTS, 36m. wide, 614. & 7ld. yard. L OPERATION OVERALLS, 6/6; MOR-' NATURAL FLANNELS, 111 d. and , ONDON „,......„, .-15W' LONDON . i, TUARY APRONS, 3/11; NURSES' 1/01 yard. CAPS, 61d., is. Old., is. 31d. ARMY GREY FLANNELS, 1/21 and ~ NURSES' SLEEVES, 7ld. per pair; 1/41 yard. AND ' -k, AND COMPOUNDERS, 2/3; COLLARS, SCARLET FLANNELS, 1/11, 1/21. 1/51, V., ' CUFFS, etc. and 1/61 yard. ' PARIS ' • ~, ,'.'.4,1 PARIS Suitable for Hospital Jackets. ilt , CUTTING OUT.-Any Flannels purchased can be cut out to Regulation Shapes by ' MODEL tt ' i r • t/ MODELS. S. Expert Cutters ready for making up at the'following charges:-Army Shirts, J.r 5' Bed Jackets, or Red Cross Night Shirts, 2s. 6d. per dozen; Pyjama Suits, 45. 6d. ' I:,* ' I ' * per dozen. I i - .. . ~ PAPER PATTERNS of any Red Cross Garments will be supplied free to Customers ;• . purchasing materials for making sip. ~i • KHAKI FINGERING YARNS and DOUBLE KNITTING WOOLS, 3s. 6d. and V, , 3s. 9d. . ALLOA YARNS, White, Natural, Greys, 3s. 6d. per lb. JESSIE FLEWITT „ For Socks, Helmets Scarves' Belts, and Sleeping Hose. • MEN'S FITTED H USSI FS and ROLLS in American Cloth, Is. Old. and Is. 61d. each; , Leather, Is. 111c1., 2s. 11d., 3s. 6d. MILLINERY SPECIALIST, • LEATHER KIT CASES, 35. 11d. each. All British make. Telephone 179. ROLL-UP HOLD-ALLS for Toilet Articles, &c., proofed, Is. 94d., Is. 110., 2s. 9d., Telegrams: "Cunningham Warrington." and upwards. 90, Bridge Street 'Warrington . '.. B. GUNNINGHAm. , BREWER. KENDAL,- MILNE, WARRINGTON:, Co.- .......... ., s _ CROWN ALE, siIIIMMII & OATMEAL STOUT, .s t ' ' EXTRA STOUT. ' Warrington Equitable Industrial _ . LATCHFORD STEAM IN DRY. BLANKETS & DOWN QUILTS! . ' . . . • EXPERT SHIRT AND COLLAR DRESSERS. Wool Blankets, 11/6, 12/11, 14/6, 15/6 per pair, and upwards. SPECIAL TERMS FOR LARGE FAMILY. co...operative someto Limited, VERY SPECIAL VALUE. SCHOOLS AND HOTEL WASHING. Telephone 354. TANNER BROTHERS, - Army Blankets, 6/6, 7/11 and 9/6 per pair. Flannelette Blankets from 4/6 per pair. KEEP SWEET ! WHY NOT ? , , COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. Real Down Quilts, handsome designs, 14/6, 17/6, 19/6, 10 17, WINWICK-STREET. WARRINGTON When the Co-operative Society Confectionery , (NExv TO MINIMAL BT 45/7 each.. ATION). Department is still selling CASH OR TERMS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS GEDDES'S V DANDELION COFFEE. Pure Boiled Sweets at 4d. per lb. E• COATES,, TFIE BEST AND CHEAPEST 7, k ABRRRI IDN( LET coS NT .. Si.,, C.W.S., Rowntree's, Carson's, and Cadbury's EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. Chocolate (loose and in packets) Wont 4ozs. for -' - Sold by all Grocers and Druggists in Canister.. . 5c1., 104.. and le. ad. each. b. .............. 3id. upwards, less our usual Dividend. You Wholesale by J. GEDDES & SON. LTD., WARRINGTON. AMY have to pay 4d. for the same goods elsewhere. L I 1 ' '''F#-:‘7: * ar Sttbscriptions-continued. ft 11' _ NOTICE. , OUR BREAD (21b. loaves) is still 2id. . X‘ leach 1o " F.W31.," Mrs. Amy Lonsdale, " K.," CHANGE OF CLOSING DAY. for Seconds and 31d. for Best. WE HAVE W. L. Walker, Mrs. El. W. Naylor, 2 George Walker, T. H. Ashcr oft, J. We, the undersigned, Master Tailors of NEITHER REDUCED THE WEIGHT NOR S. Garland, and John Walton. 1 o 0 Hamblet Bros., Mrs. Frank Houghton, THE QUALITY. each Mrs. Alice Bowman, Mrs. John Wrarrington, hereby notify the Public generally . Geddes, Mrs. G. S. Pendlebury, Mrs. THAT WE NOW CLOS OUR BUSINESS L. Fairelough. 010 6G. Wilson, " G. 5.," Mrs. Enoch PREMISES ou SATURDAYS at ONE O'CLOCK, Double Overweight MARGARINE each Lockett, Joseph Banks, Mary Banks, and Mrs. E. A. Bennett. instead of Thursdays, as preyiously, commencing is still 6d. per lb. , 010 0 Mrs. Rowson, Mrs. C. J. Holmes, Ten 3rd OCTOBER, 1914. o each 6 Wee Girls. (per week). And although other firms have just reduced • 2 Mrs. Rowson Total amount contributed to 16th (Signed) October INCREASED. In addition to the above, the undermentioned 43, Bridge-street. • gifts have been received:- , JAS. CRITCHLEY FURNITURE AND LINEN-Mrs. J. Fairhurst, , Mrs. H. Joseph, Yrs. Bedell, Mrs. H. Roberts, 45,' Sankey-street. . • Mrs. Fox, and A. H. Crosfield, Esq. RICHARDSON & MATHEWS, PROVISIONS-Mrs. Kenyon; Mrs. Freeman, Mrs. Bowman, Miss Bainbridge, Mr. Chantry, 59, Bridge-street. Co-operators ! Support your own Shops 1 . Mrs. J. Fairclough, Mrs. H. B. Houghton, Mrs. SMITH & WALKER, and Departments I Healey, Messrs. Milling & Co., Mr. Monks, Mr. i Buck, Allen-street. 31, Horsemarket-street. CLOTHING-Mrs. E. G. Davies, Mrs. Coon, GEO. SUTTON, • YOU ARE SURE OF ABSOLUTELY Mrs. Edelsten Mrs. Williamson and Mrs. I Wynne Jones., , 74, Sankey-street. FAIR TREATMENT AND PRICES. W. Powell, Fearnbead, Use of House. , i

Pearls.

•

lli.

J

2

===== 0002601_19141017_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
-

On His Majesty's Service

-21% -

Finger

Prints

\ • I

• , , 1:'

===== 0002601_19141017_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE OUSE The

The

===== 0002601_19141017_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914.-

:o •••:• 04.404 4. 4* 44,4**,14 4.4:14 4:**), 431414.4.' •:SIIIXO 4:**0:11 .1:01. 4. • 4:* 4:p .04 • 0:* 44* 444 4:114 4.• 0:11.41.11:4, 4:0 4:41 •••••• 11:14:0 11:* 4:* 1101, :PO 4:p+ 40 41 404+0> 0:0 4* 41, 4:11 4) 441, 411 •X',*.C. 1114 +420 4. 0:11•:, 46 414 IC* 414 ICO •40 414 414) II:AO 0:14•:* 0:* • •:* 4:4,40 ,1:0 ee 41 O. WOMAN 3 s WORL D. •

4* +4 +4l.

0 4* 0 0 ',CHAT and GOSSIP.

Germany's ,Sweated Women. The astonishing industrial progress made by Germany during the last twentY-five years has been generally attributed to the business capa- city and marVellous business methods of the Germans. The war, however, has opened Brit- ish eyes in more ways than one, and, it has been conclusively proved that the commercial success of 'the• Fatherland is due in great measure to women's sweated labour. Notwith- standing the Kaiser's firm belief that women's sphere of activity is, or should be, limited to the church, kitchen and nursery, he has taken no steps to prevent the exploiting of thousands of his women subjects, struggling for a bare existence in the factories and other industries. The Kaiser has been able to put his millions of soldiers in the field because, thanks to the miserably paid labour of the women, the men could be withdrawn from the occupations of civil life without causing any serious disloca- tion of commerce.

War and Weddings. The war has affected the social life of this country in numerous ways, and many perma- nent changes, some for the better, may result from it. Wedding presents, for instance, had become a social burden, that many people found hard to bear; but the practice has been very considerably curtailed since the outbreak of hostilities, and brides no longer show their presents before, or on the day of the ceremony. Indeed, wedding festivities are now considered out of place, and economy is studied even by the wealthy. The wedding guests are limited to near relations, trains of bridesmaids have dis- appeared, and there are no wedding receptions. Even the time-honoured wedding dress, veil and train are not compulsory, and many fashionable autumn brides have contented themselves with a white dress and hat, and have been attended by only two simbly-dressed bridesmaids.

Long-waisted Effects. Empire waists never go out of fashion alto- gether, for they are graceful and more espe- cially suitable to women of moderate height. Therefore, although the new autumn modes show long-waisted effects, which accord well with wider tunics and skirts, the high waist remains for afternoon frocks, the abnormally , low line being adopted in the. case of tailored suits. Fashion experts predict a revival of Empire styles of all kinds in the near future;

Fish Pie. Flake up about half a pound of cold boiled fish, removing all skin and bone; put it in a pie dish and season with salt and pepper. Pour over the fish two or three tablespoonfuls of milk or fish stock, and half a pint of egg sauce or the remainder of whatever sauce was originally served with the fish. If no left-over sauce is available, some fresh sauce must be made. Rub lib. of boiled potatoes through a sieve, or mash them very thoroughly. Season the mash with pepper and salt, and mix with it a little milk. Cover the pie with this potato crust, smoothing and marking it in ridges with a fork; put some tiny pieces of butter here and there, and bake the pie in a quick oven till lightly browned.

at present they are taking a secondary position. Some afternoon frocks in this mode' have the quaintest of corsages, that just cover the line of the bust; with these a deep tunic that reaches ' almost to the hem of the skirt is worn. This arrangement does not shorten the figure. Eton coats have long basques, generally pleated, in clusters. These are seen on dresses also, and have much to recommend them.

To Renovate Fur Coats. To braid. embroider and to emboss fur seems on a par with painting the lily. Nevertheless, collars, cuffs, and other small pieces of peltry intended for the decoration of evening wraps and coats are thus embellished. Braids of all sorts, as well as soutache, are extensively used on garments of every description. The short shoulder cape of fur is a very smart little acces- sory, when it ends in a point at the back, and just touches the elbows. A model in sable, that had stole ends in front, of brown chiffon velvet, was most attractive and desirable, but its price was in these sad times prohibitive except in the case of the very rich. The flounced fur coat is distinctively handsome, and by means of a hem or flounce, a. last year's coat may be brought quite up to date. A seal musquash coat, for instance, that has had a year or even two year's hard wear, could be converted into a new and fashionable garment if bordered or flounced with skunk, kolinski, or wolf, and the expense would not be serious.

Simple Millinery. A large black velvet hat of quite moderate dimensions and graceful line is steadily gaining ground, although there is at present no reason to suppose that it will supersede the small hat. The two are shown side by side. The larger hat requires very little trimming when the line is good, and then it is decidedly smart. Mounts are happily decreasing in Leight, possibly be- cause exaggeration Of all kinds appear now to be out of place. Velvet, or rather narrow -vel- vet ribbon, has been used for some time as an edging for veils; fur, also very narrow, has taken the place of the velvet on veils intended for winter wear. Either makes a pretty finish and takes from the bareness of the neck when no collar is worn. Soft beaver hats are trimmed with gaily coloured asters; no foliage, however, accompanies the blooms. Metal lace and gold galons are used by milliners, whilst buckles and daggers are again seen on hats.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
By MARJORIE.

The Empress Eugenie. The Empress Eugenie has lived to see France, Britain and Russia united in crushing the Power that brought about the downfall of her husband's throne. No one is following the course of the war with keener interest than the venerable Empress, who has turned a wing of her beautiful house at Farnborough into a hos- pital for wounded officers. She bears the entire expense of upkeep, and pays daily visits to the patients, who mostly belong to the Aldershot district which Farnborough Hill overlooks. The Empress's one great hope is to live to see the French Army enter Berlin and thus avenge the humiliation of 1870.

St. John Ambulance Association. Most people are acquainted with the work of the St. John Ambulance Association, but few are familiar with the extent of its activities. More than 5,000 St. John orderlies have been despatched to the front, together with about 20 motor ambulances, of which the Duchess of Somerset and the Duchess of Abercorn have each presented one, as private gifts to the Order. The history of this great organisation, which is one of the oldest in the world, dates from the year 1048. It was founded by a mer- chant named Amalfi, to protect, and, if neces- sary, to help sick pilgrims at Jerusalem. Its patron saint was then a Greek patriarr'), not as at present St. John the Baptist. L pros- pered exceedingly, and' in the middle of the twelfth century occupied magnificent buildings near the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. When Jerusalem was captured, the knights removed to Plotemais, which they re-named St. Jean d'Acre, and a hundred years later they made Cypress their headquarters. In 1310 they were at Rhodes, and as they were enriched by much of the property of the knights templars, they were then very wealthy. Later they settled in Malta. Their red cross on a white gropd has eight points, each of which stands for a beatitude.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME NOTES:

/ Profitable Recipes and Useful Suggestions.

When frying potato cakes, put a teaspoonful of vinegar into the frying lard. This will pre- vent the cakes from being too greasy when cooked. When a boot or shoe pinches; dip a sponge in hot water, and put it on the part of the shoe pinching. This will expand the leather and make it much more comfortable. A few drops of good perfume dropped on small pieces of pumice stone and put among clothes, ' keeps away moths. Sprinkle clothes for ironing with hot water. It is thus damped more evenly, and is ready sooner for ironing. One teaspoonful of vinegar is a substitute for an egg, and makes a cake light in which drip- ping has been used instead of butter.

Baked Beans. Take two ounces of uncooked beans, prepare as in previous recipe, add to them an equal part of bread crumbs or plain boiled rice, place in a buttered dish, scatter bread crumbs on the top, and bake in oven half an hour.

Fried Fillets of Herring. Clean, wash and wipe four herrings, cut off the fillets from each and remove the skin care- ' fully. Beat up an egg with a dessertspoonful of milk or water. Season the fillets with salt and pepper, and dip each into beaten egg, or else brush over with egg, then cover them with bread-crumbs. Fry the crumbed fillets in hot fat, clarified dripping or lard, to a golden brown. Take up, drain and dish up the fish. Garnish with quarters of lemon and sprigs of fresh parsley; serve hot.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE AND THERE.

She Wished So, Too. "I wish I were an ostrich," said Hicks, angrily, as he tried to eat one of his wife's bis- cuits, but couldn't. "I wish you were," re- turned Mrs. Hicks. "I'd get a few feathers for my hat."

- Copy of Letter to Teacher. Dear Sir,—Will you please give my daughter a dinner as she has no father and I have no means of getting her one, and oblodg,e.— " Punch."

Good for the Dictionary. Little Edna: What is "leisure," mamma? Busy Mamma: It's the spare time a woman has in which she can do some other kind of work, my dear.

A Natural Question. "What is your age, please?" asked the lawyer, who was doing a cross-examining stunt. " I have seen 23 summers, sir," answered the lady witness, who seemed to be carrying weight for age. "Au," rejoined the legal light, "and to how many years have you been blind?"

Pickling Beef. Large joints of beef should be put into pickle. These should lie in pickle for three or four weeks or more, and will keep good for three or f cur weeks after that. Choose a whole round of beef (about 201 b. to 241 b.) and a good lump of fat. Sprinkle it with coarse sugar and salt for three or four days, standing it on a dish from which it can drain. Then put it into an earthen pan which will hold four gallons of water, with a cover that will fit close. To two gallons of water add 21b. of coarse sugar, 21b. bay salt, 21b. common salt, and 4,1 b. saltpetre. , Let the Colck Storage. beef lie in pickle three or four weeks. Before "Yes," said Miss Backbay, "Emerson appeals boiling remove the bone and bind the joint and to us women of Boston. Although he has passed fat tightly round with strips of calico; put it 'beyond we always keep him in. our hearts, you in cold water and bring slowly to the boil; know." simmer gently for four hours, and let it get " You don't say," replied Miss Gotham. "1 cold before removing from the water.—" Irish wonder how it feels to be kept in cold storage Homestead." like that after death."

A Fortunate Woman. "What seems to be the matter with Mrs. Brown? She's ailing so." "Yes, poor thing, she got one of those new- fangled diseases." "She has? My, how fortunate she is, to be sure. Here I've had nothing more stylish than lumbago and I'm three years older than she is."

"BIG BEN."

CHILDREN'S CORNER° Conducted by UNCLE NED. ‘3 30~5(2-d.h2,Cl

"Big Ben," the famous clock at the Houses of Parliament, requires a great deal of atten- tion if it is to he kept in proper working order. The winding process keeps two men busy for five hours three times a week.

MY DEAR CHILDREN, As you will notice below, I have te wel- come two new members to the Corner. It gives me great pleasure to put their names in my Big Book. " What a lot of nephews and nieces you must have," once *rote one of the members. Yes, I have a lot; but there is still plenty of room for more, and I would like to have even more for Christmas. The best way of getting them is by every one of my young friends obtaining one new member each. How jolly that would be. During this week a number of little Belgian children have been brought to Warrington from their own country, because the Germans have spoiled their homes. Some of these children have lost relatives they loved very much. Are you sorry for them? Would you feel happy if you were in their place? I am afraid you would he miserable, but we British like to brighten their lot, so that now all must do their share towards making them comfortable. Have you said anything to teacher yet about making a collection of useful things for the Belgians? I would like to know what you are doing in this matter. Every week while the war lasts I will give you an account of at least one brave deed per- formed on the battlefield. It is the stories of these heroes that thrill us al make us proud that -we belong to Britain. Your loving

THE FLIGHT OF SUMMER. (By JESSIE Slum.) Fair Summer! Haste not yet away: Stay, stay. The wintry days will soon be here, Dark, dreamt Fain would we cherish every flower An hour.

They are our fellows, though their form, Forlorn, Lasts but a fleeting hour, all brief, Whilst grief Remains. We, too, shall pass away, Some day.

\ A BRAVE FRENCHMAN.

- —•••- - -- Every day we hear stories of brave deeds which have been perfprmed .on the battlefield. One of the tales which have been published shows how gallant are our French friends. Soon after the war had commenced Lieut. Bruyant, a French soldier, was scouting in dangerous coun- try.- With him were six of his fellow soldiers. SuddenlY 27 Uhlans came on the scene. Although the enemy were stronger in number, they were, not stronger in courage, and the lieutenant had hard work to keep his men from making a dash at the Germans. The Germans, however, did not want to fight, and after a few shots they made tracks for a neighbouring wood. Lieut. Bruyant did not want to lose the oppor- tunity of killing some of the Germans. He realised that if they got to the wood that oppor- tunity would be lost, so lie gave the order to charge. The French soldiers, like dogs loosened from a chain, bounded forward, and were soon on the heels of the cowardly Uhlans, shouting and flashing their swords as they ran along. The courage of the French struck fear into the enemies' hearts, and they attempted to get away, as best they could. However, Lieut. Bruyant and his men reached the thlans and killed the majority of them. The rest rushed away as though 1,000 men were chasing them instead of seven. fi The lieutenant, for his plucky action, was the ,rst, during this war to receive the Cross of the L.egion of Honour.

--UNCLE NED.

NEW MEMBERS.

I was very glad to receive the following am pleased to welaonae the new letters, and

--- • 12, sewserstree&, •14,. Chamberiso,ving members:— • Warrington. Dear Uncle Ned,—Will you please ea ro7 my name in your Big Book as na bo a ell" --r of the "Children's Corner "?-1 remain, your niece, MONA BAKER.

12, Bewsey-street, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. Dear Uncle Ned,—Will you please put my name in your large book as,,a, member of the "Children's Corner "P—l remain, your loving nephew, HORACE BARER.

A Revelation. FRYING in ATORA Block Beef Suet is a revelation. Sweet and wholesome, no unpleas- ant smells when heated, and no "after-taste." I...rZalr grocer sells it—ask or ATORA m BLOCK. - fedbrawls.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN.

THE TIME TO PAY. For those who have money to invest the pre- sent time offers many inducements to "go in and win," whether it be in Consols, industrial undertakings, or pedigrte farming stock. With regard to the latter, the situation seems to present a golden opportunity, seeing that the buyers for export, who always try to extract the plums from the pudding, will not be competing, at any rate to an appreciable extent, at the autumn sales. Not only are good animals now selling at reasonable figures, but everything points to the coming of a great boom in all high-class stock when the world is once again at peace. As to horse-breeding nothing need be. said, its future during the next few years is too well assured. Pedigree cattle of all our splendid breeds will be in world-wide demand, while the advantage of useing pure•bred bulls is being well advertised at home by Government action. The scarcity of sheep, both here and in North America, is a pretty safe guarantee that high pyices must prevail, and that skilful breeding will meet with its due reward for years ito come. Many of the sheep sales are over now. ; but the autumn cattle sales shooid attract . farmers more than they have ever done before.— [ " Old Breeder," in "Farm and Home."

FOXES AND POULTRY. The committee of the Masters of Foxhounds Association have passed the following resolu- tion, which has been circulated to all musters and hunt secretaries:—" That cwing to the fact that all foreign supplies of eggs and poultry vill be very much curtailed on account of the war, thereby endangering the national food supply, it is imperative that all masters of hounds should make special endeavours to reduce the number of foxes in the different hunts below the normal."

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE CROPS. The Board of Agriculture reports that, on the whole, the corn crops of Lancashire and Che- shire have been got in under favourable condi- tions. Except in the hilly districts of North Lanca- shire, all the corn has now been secured. In North Lancashire a good crop of sound potatoes is being lifted, the bulk being now secured. Further south crops are not so good, and in some cases they have ripened prematurely. A yield -about 5 per cent. over average is expected in this county. Some disease exists in every district of Che- shire, but an average crop is still anticipated. Turnips and swedes are healthy and have done well during September, but the crop will hardly reach an average. Mangels also are healthy and vigorous, and the yield will probably slightly exceed the average. ) Crops have not done so well in the eastern as in the western counties.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE GARDEN.

BUSH FRUITS INCREASING. The best time to put in cuttings of bush fruits, such as gooseberries and currants, is as soon as the leaves have fallen. If the gooseberry mildew has been present do not on any account propagate from such trees; rather grub them up aid procure cuttings from a clean stock. In the chse of gooseberries and red currants, well ripened shoots a foot long may be selected, re- moving all the eyes to, say, half the length of the shoot so as to guard against the sucker trouble. This removal of the buds is not neces- sary in the case of black currants, suckers in their case being all important, as by the aid of these the tree can be, so to speak, entirely re- newed. After the cuttings have been cut at a joint they can then be laid in lines in a border of rather sandy soil. If all goes well they should by next autumn be sturdy little plants, which can be transferred to their permanent positions, which should have been deeply dug and well-manured some time in advance, so as to allow of the settling of the soil.

LONG-STALKED FLOWERS. No matter how beautiful a flower may be, its beauty is lost if gathered with a short stalk. The Michael ghi daisy in its many forms, and the useful earTY-fiowering chysanthemums, the varieties of which are now so numerous and varied in colour, are all the more welcome and far more effective when cut with long stems. During the past week the early-flowering chry- santhemums allowed to grow naturally and un- disbudded have been most useful for the filling of vases, &c., in the house, a great point in their favour being the length of time they last in good condition if attention is paid to filling up the vases with water every second day or so.— "Wick," in "Farm and Home."

DEFECTIVE DISTRIBUTION. It is generally recognised that the small hold- ing movement in this country is formidably shackled by the inefficient methods of distribu- tion which prevail. The weakness of the exist- ing system was strikingly demonsttated this summer. On several occasions Covent Garden Market was glutted with fruit and vegetables, and sales were made at ruinous returns. Yet five miles away the consumers were called upon to pay high prices for these commodities. No system of colonising our countryside will be complete without the whole machinery of dis- tribution being thoroughly overhauled, and many of the obsolete parts• sent to the scrap heap. A few years ago a Departmental Com- mittee, appointed by the Board of Agriculture, held an exhaustive inquiry into the existing methods; several useful recommendations were made. But, alas! these, like thany other earnest hopes of Government appointed Committees, repose, dust-stained, in the archives of White- hall.—" Agricultural Economist and Horticul- tural Review."

BULBS FOR HOSPITALS. Various suggestions have been made for alle- viating distress in the many homes which have come under the war cloud. Sick and wounded soldiers are now returning to these shores to enter the various hospitals. It is admitted that the influence of flowers on a sick body and mind is not inconsiderable. I would venture, therefore, to lay before all flower-lovers whose duty lies at home a sug- gestion that an opportuttity of usefully serving their fellows lies in the cultivation of bulbs in pots, and the resultant distribution of pots of bulbs among the'Various hospitals. They would be welcomed and appreciated by those whose sad lot it has been to pass through the experi- ence of the horrors of a battlefield; while at the same time it would materially help the seeds- man and nurseryman in his praiseworthy en- deavour to continue to keep his assistants in full employment, thus minimising possible dis- tress.—" Agricultural Economist and Horticul- tural Review."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT COMING BACK. Runcorn's Interesting Account.

The following will interest every one of our readers, for it is the open-hearted statement of , a Runcorn man, who was cured two years ago of serious kidney disorders, and declares that to ! this day there has been no'ret,urn of the illness. , We are indebted to Mr. J. Mort, of 19, York- street, Runcorn, the proprietor of the well- established builders' businees in Greenway-road, for permission to publish the following state- ments On January 9th, 1911, Mr.‘ Mort said: "I caught a cold some time ago, which settled in my kidneys, and brought on most acute pains in the small of my back. They were sharp, cut- ting pains, and seemed to drag me down, so that I was almost bent double. "There was a sandy sediment in the kidney excretions, and this convinced me that my kid- neys were not in a healthy condition. I have a lot of walking to do in the course of my busi- ness, and after I had finished for the day I often noticed that my feet were swollen. "I took a course of Bonn's Backache Kidney Pills, and they acted splendidly in my case. The pills drove all my aches and pains away, strengthened my back, and gave 1110 renewed energy. I do not hesitate to recommend D011.11"M1 Pills to anyone troubled with kidney complaint. (Signed) J. Mort." OR January 9th, 1913—TWO YEARS LATER-Mr. Mort said: "I have had no return of backache or kidney trouble since Dean's Pills cured me two years age." Price 219 a box, 6 boxes 13/9; of all dealers, or froth Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wel/s-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Don't ask for back- ache or kidney pills—ask DISTINCTLY for DOAN'S Backache Kidney .Pills, the same as Mr. Mort had.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION BY ASSOCIATION.

Mr. J. A. Ransome on Adult

School Work.

Mr. J. A. Ransome, president of the Warring- ton Adult School Sub-union, delivered an address on Sunday to the Sankey Bridges (Men's) School on "Education, Evangelism, and Service." 'I lie speaker said these three words were the key-notes of the Adult School Move- ment all over the country. As yet the numbers In Warrington were small compared with other industrial centres. Every Sunday morning in Britain over 100,000 men met to stivly and dis- cus's some aspect of Christianity implied in the subject of the lecturette. Mr. Ransome defined education as a training and drawing out of the national powers and abilities of a man or woman, and not a mere cramming in of knowledge. The object in the Adult Schools was to train the character. Schiller said "Any training of the intellect de- serves attention only so far as it rests on char- acter, because the way to the head is opened through the heart." There is no man so good and high, no man so bad and low, as not to require education at the beginning, all through, and down to the end of his life. There are two movements at present coming into prominence which, in the future, are likely to play a most important part in the national life—the Workers' Educational Association and the Adult Schools. There is a real affinity of aims I and spirit between the two organisations. Both of them are seeking to carry out Mazzini's ideal of "education by association." On broad lines education must first deal with the body. If the body is neglected the other parts of the man do not work well. The body is like a machine, and must be kept in good repair, oiled, clean and adjusted. The most important part of the body is the brain, with its motor, sensory and asso- ciation centres. Any education worthy of the name must tend to the development, control and harnessing of these powers. Then, secondly, there is the mind, which is commonly sub- divided into intellect, emotion and will. The intellect furnishes man with the faculties of 'perception, of imagination, of memory and of conception. The emotions include pleasure, pain, joy, grief, fear, courage, hatred and love, moral sentiment and sympathy, and, governing both intellect and emotion, is the will. Thirdly, man has a soul or spirit, a consciousness, a something which is the citadel of man. Such is the being whom it is desired to educate, and no two beings afe alike. Every individual has to be studied separately, and the best in him nur- tured and trained. This can be done in many ways—by seeking to awaken the activities of the mind, by training the intelligence by suggestive discussions on all subjects which have to do with a man's life, fostering the observation by summer rambles in the country, by lecture schools, by study circles, by fellowship and by a variety of other ways. No cast-iron academic system is desired or required. Your -average working man does qot readily take to book learning, he lacks the' technique and often the desire. But he learns from experience, from persons, from observation, and in time will be- come interested in the "humanities "—biology (the science of life), literature, history, and citizenship. In the Sunday morning schools much intensive work in character building of this kind is being done quietly but surely. Mr. Ransome next spoke on the word Evan- gelism. The strict meaning of the word is "good ne.ws." What is the fundamental and primary element in the Christian evangel? It is that Christ has revealed God, has unfolded in some measure EiS purposes and the ways in which they are fulfilled, to enlarge man's vision of divinity, to show the oneness of the whole human family under a Great Fatherhood. Then Christ revealed what man is, and what he may become through fellowship. In the idea of service the Christian ideal reaches culmination. It is an organic expres- sion of the new life within. The application of this idea reaches every sphere of human activity in seeking to bring about a fuller realisation of the kingdom of God on earth. Ai the close of the lecture a real Adult School discussion took placrA. I CALM HEADS AND STOUT HEARTS. I The first of the monthly " Firesides " to be held during the winter took place at the Long- ford Adult School, under the auspices of the Education Committee of the Sub-Union, on I Sunday afternoon. The speaker was Mr. W. A, I C. Landon, a member of Stockton Heath Adult School, who took for his subject, "The War, from the German point of view." At the outset the speaker said he had found it very difficult indeed to find any unanimity of opinion in Ger- many. He had come to the conclusion, from a .study of the evidence within reach, that at least three shades of opinion existed on the war. First, there was that held by those like the Social Democrats, who were entirely opposed to the militarism of the Junker class, and were ardent believers in peace; secondly, there was that of the militarists, who held with Von `Bernhardi that war was "a biological neces- sity"; thirdly, there was a party who took a middle course, whose opinions had been ex- pressed in the recent speech of the German Chancellor in apologising for the breaking of the treaty with Belgium. The purpose of the conference—including a large attendance of men and women from all the Warrington Schools was served, for, in spite of a position bristling with difficulties, Mr. Landon succeeded in giving a lucid account of German opinion on the war. A very helpful discussion afterwards took place. The Chairman, Mr. John A. Ransome, sounded a warning not to be hustled by the accounts of blood and ruin appearing in the daily Press. During these terrible days calm heads and stout hearts were needed.

A WAR LIBRARY.

A new move- h-f-is.Vee;-;,-(,;a-e--1y the Stockton Heath Men's School in the formation of a War Library. The idea is, to get the members to study for themselves he making of modern Europe, the causes of the .ar, the charalc?r of the belligerents, and the lines on which a just settlement may eventually be possible. Sarolea, Von Bulow, Dawson, Bernhardi, and Ussher are amongst the writers on Germany who will be studied. Another book to be considered is the one written by a number of Oxford scholars, entitled "Why we are at war." This volume contains a reprint of the German White raDer. Maurice Barings' booklon the "Mainsprings of Russia" is an example of the literature which helps to an appreciation of other nationalities. A number of lecturettes will be given at the school on these topics during the next few weeks. Last Sunday morning Mr. George Fleet gave a talk on "The Wonders of Nature." A great deal of interesting information was given by an expert gardener 'on the growth of plants. The subjects ranged from tapioca to linseed, and from cinnamon to sugar-cane. Sensitive plants and exploding gorse, and Nature's methods of seed distributing came under review, so that no one went away without some fresh informa- tion.

ADULT SCHOOL MEN IN CAMP. There are so many Adult School members with the Warrington Territorials that they are able to hold meetings as Successfully as if they were at home. Next week "The Examiner" will give a report of their proceedings.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR BUDGET.

No. 9 of " The. War Budget," like its prede- cessors, supplies an unequalled contemporary record of the latest incidents in the great struggle, all in pictures. Among the leading features illustrated in this issue are "The Bombardment and Fall of Ant- werp," "The Flight from the Huns in Bel- gium," "The Welcome of the London Scottish in France," "Canada's Reply to the Kaiser," and "How News Travels in War Time." "The War Budget," published every Thurs- day at 3d., by the "Daily Chronicle," consists of 36 pages (including a striking cover in colour), filled with photographs gathered by special correspondents in all parts' of Europe, and wherever in the world a, war is being waged. Such incidents as the camera cannot record are illustrated by a staff of artists from the descrip- tions of eye-witnesses.

PERFECTLY healthy children are generally happy; but a. very slight stomach trouble is often enough to make them miserable. That is the time to try a Steedman's Powder. You will find that it acts like magic. .Steedman's Powders contain no poison or narcotic.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ .

===== 0002601_19141017_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A CONTRAST.

The first sea fight on record occurred in 665 a.c.—over 2,500 years ago. In those days they threw stones, at one another. Nowadays it costs about .2300 every time a big naval gun is fired, and the largest gun used by the British Navy can throw a shell weighing nearly a ton as far as l'rom ten to twelve miles.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HINTS ON HEALTH. Useful Information in Popular Language.

Consolation for the Red-nosed. According to "The Medical Press and Circu- lar" of London, a red nose is by no means a sign of drunkenness, and is as common among teetotalers as tipplers. Indigestion is respon- sible almost more than anything elSe for red noses, while excessive tea drinking is apt to 'play havoc with the complexion in general and with the nose in particular. Sometimes the congested nose is a sign of some serious dis- order of the heart, or it may point to a sluggish circulation. The habit of inhaling cigarette smoke and puffing it through the nostrils may contribute to the external wealth of colour.

Swallowing Small Objects. Every mother knows the danger of children swallowing small objects, and is terribly alarmed when she finds that baby has perhaps swallowed a large bead or pebble. The first thought is to give the child a purgative. This is a mistake. If the object swallowed is rough- edged the child should have some new bread given it to eat. Not too much, as this may defeat the, spa!, in view, wiuich is ,to make the object pass naturally and quickly through the intestine. Until the object has been passed the child should be fed on soft food, bread and milk, or porridge, and the motions examined frequently. If possible send for a doctor im- mediately, especially if the child shows any evidence of colic, or seems in great pain, as this indicates that the object has become fixed in some part of the intestines, and a doctor will at once set about removing the cause of the trouble. Good Food and. Pure Air. It is the duty of the housewife to supply her family with two things—good food and pure air. The only way to have plenty of pure air in a house is to make sure of fresh supplies to take the place of that which has been spoiled by use. In the living rooms a bright fire in the grate is a help in keeping up a sweet atmosphere, because a good current of air is passing up the chimney, to replace which air is coming in from the outside. A window opened at the top will facilitate the entrance of the air, and if this causes too much of a draught a screen may he arranged in front of the window which will direct the current of air toward the ceiling. In the bedroom there is no fire burning, hence it is more essential that the window should be open to make sure of proper ventilation. If there is only one window, the best way is to open it both at the top and at the bottom, thus ensuring a proper current. We spend one-third of our lives in our bedrooms. Let us be sure that we do not poison ourselves for eight hours daily by breathing over and over again germ-laden, used- up air.—Dr. Olsen.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James' Depilatory

- Instantly removes Superfluous Hairs from the ram Neev, or Arn,i. without injury to the skin. Of most diexn_ sts ; or, free from observation, post free on recefpt of Postal Order for Is. 3d., 9s. 9d., or 51.—Mrs. N. JilidltB Valeiloaian Livad, I.4mion,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
'PHONE No. 79.

RECEIVED INTO THE MINISTRY.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. O. P. Pitt Ordained at Wycliffe

Church.

An impressive ceremony took place at Wycliffe Congregational Church on Monday evening, when Mr. C. P. Pitt, the assistant pastor, was ordained to the Congregational ministry. The Rev. T. T. James presided over a large attend- ance, and there were also present the Revs. Principal W. H. Bennett, Professor Mackintosh (of the Lancashire College), John Yonge, A. J. Viner (secretary of the Lancashire County Union), J. Ross Murray and J. G. Gascoigne (of Manchester), Messrs. E. D. Paterson (of the Lancashire College) and C. Eccles (secretary of Wycliffe Church). The Chairman said he was glad to have Mr. Pitt as his colleague. The chief note of interest to him was that Mr. Pitt came from the college which was dear to all their hearts. He believed that the best work in the ministry of Jesus Christ was done by those who, like his colleague, felt that the work was a call which they dared not disobey.

AMPLE SCOPE FOR USEFUL WORK. Mr. C. Eccles made a statement, on behalf of Wycliffe Church, as to the sphere of Mr. Pitt's labours. They started the Cockhedge Mission services in 1870, he said, and the effort was very successful. In the course of time, however, the surroundings became unsuitable, and so a new church was built in Elmwood-avenue, being opened in September, 1913. In that growing neighbourhood there was ample scope for useful work. Twelve months after the opening of the church Mr. Pitt accepted a call to the ministry, and now, as he commenced his labours, they ex- tendel a- sincere welcome to him. The Re`v. J. Ross Murray said that it had been his privilege to be Mr. Pitt's ministTr before lie entered Lancashire College. The esteem in which Mr. Pitt was•helti by his former fellow- members was evidenced by the fact that many of them had come over from Manchester, in order to. be present at that ceremony. In his home-life, Mr. Pitt was a dutiful son and an affectionate brother, whilst in church-life he was a most reliable and trustworthy member. It had been a great pleasure to him (the speaker) to see Mr. Pitt enter the ministry, and be felt that in coming to Warrington he would enjoy the faithful comradeship of his friend, Mr. James.

THE MESSAGE OF FELLOWSHIP. The Rev. A. J. Viner said he came with the message of fellowship. He represented what they were sometimes apt to fore—the wider relationship of their churches. He would like to remind the church and Mr. Pitt that there was a great inspiration in the wider horizon. Though they had their individual parts, there was a cleasure and a delight in fellowship. At the same time, a faithful local pastorate was the best way of serving the general community, and, passing into the ministry of the Church, , Mr. Pitt would realise the joy of service. He counselled him to try to make each unit as efficient as possible, so that the weak would feel strong, and the strong even stronger. Mr. E. D. Paterson said that he not only - came as a representative of Lancashire College, but also as a personal friend of Mr. Pitt's. Therefore he could tell them something of that gentleman's real worth. He was one of the truest and most reliable members of the college. Whatever Mr. Pitt said, they might be sure he said from the bottom of his heart, for they had in him a strong, a true and a loving man. The Rev. Professor Mackintosh gave an ex- position of Congregational principles, empha- sising the fact that the Church had an ideal, and sought to preserve in the best way possible the principles of the New Testament Church. Mr. C. P. Pitt then made a formal statement of his belief, prefacing it with an wpression of thanks to all those friends who had, in the years gone by, encouraged and , helped him in hi 9 work. , The Rev. J. G. Gascoigne offered the ordina- tion prayer, after which the Rev. Principal W. H. Bennett gave the charge to the new minister..

===== 0002601_19141017_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOW HONOURED.

Past Grand's Certificate for Bro.

H. Bentley.

On Saturday a pleasant evening was spent by the members of ,the "Olive Branch" Lodge of the Warrington District of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, the occasion being the presentation to Past Grand Bro. Henry Bentley of a Past Officer's Certificate, suitably framed. An additional interest was lent to the proceed- ings' by the fact that they synchronised with the official visit of the District Officers. The meeting was presided over by the Noble Grand of the Lodge (Bro. John J. Cook), and amongst those present were: District Grand Master Bro. Henry Lawrence, Deputy G.M. Bro. Edward ,Spann, I.P.P.G.M. Bro. Geo. Higham, P.P.G.A.I. Bro. Frank Webster (District Secre- tary), L.G.M. Bro. Wm. Hammon, P.G. Bro. Harry Broadhurst, sen., P.G. Bro. John Brown, p.p.G.M. Bro. Peter Lester, P.P.G.M. Bro. Alban Boyle (secretary of the lodge), and Bro. Arthur Cotterill, P.G. (treasurer), and other past and present officers connected with the various lodges in the district. The District Grand Master, in making the pres- entation, said he was glad to see so many young members present. that night. It clearly showed that they were taking an interest in the work of the society, but they must make their influ- ence felt in bringing young members to the lodge.

Young Members Wanted as Office Bearers. They wanted young members to take up offices in the lodge; in fact, in all the lodges in the district. It gave him (the GM.) the utmost pleasure to ask P.G. Bentley to accept the certi- ficate, which was intended as a slight recogni- tion of his valuable services to his lodge. He hoped the recipient would continue to help for- ward the good work the lodge was doing, and that the certificate would always remind him of the pleasant and useful evenings he had spent in the " Olive Branch" Lodge. (Applause.)

P.G. Bentley, in acknowledgment, said that he was proud to receive the Past Officer's Certi- ficate. He had always had a desire to obtain one, and had made up his mind to work hard for his lodge and was pleased to find that his efforts had been considered by the officers and members of his lodge as worthy of an emblem. He thanked them very sincerely for their kind- ness. (Applause.) P.G. Bro. John Brown, after extending a hearty welcome to the District Officers on behalf of the lodge, spoke words of praise with regard to P.G. Bentley's Services to the lodge, and hoped his example would be emulated by other young members. (Applause.)

LODBE MEMBERS AT THE FRONT. Deputy G.M. Bro. Spann, after compliment- ing Bro. Bentley on his work in connection with Oddfellowship, said the "Olive Branch" Lodge might well be proud of the officers who carried on ...the work of the lodge, and also of the fact that a fair number of its members were now doing their duty in various capacities in defence of their country. (Applause.) The C.S. of the District (P.P.G.PiI. Bro. Web- ster) gave particulars regarding the progress of the society in general, Which, he said, was very satisfactory indeed. He predicted a prosperous future-for the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows.

• (Applause.) A hearty vote of thanks was accoriled to the District Officers, on the proposition of P.G. Bro.

• Seed. During the eveningtsongs were contributed .hy the following: Bros. P.G. Walter Bennett, P.G. Thomas Seed, and P.P.G.M. Alban Boyle, P.G. Bro. Arthur Cotterill presiding at the piano.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
__.,-'''

===== 0002601_19141017_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ItEtttrS to the (ghitfir

BONFIRES. sir,—Will you kindly give space ill,,;,S°A1111: paper for an appeal against "Bonfires oa. and ready boys and girls are collecting Iv° h• ,Ise- vaking hedges and, trees, that they taaj; lessly burn timber, which, later on, Tsat',; the scoorentlyinenneetdeadr.e aßfestiadaes,tit.ahe "Bonfires" : °- mimicked in this country.gic a ll teachers and ministers of 3ay reli„aion their influence against this waste of fuel'A th s, DOROTHY B. PESIBERI' al naltuarpepaio

ire° :lee, e ii3evieten THOSE LEFT BEHIND. Sir,—Last night a sn,i,alrta,;:g•eoi.linlnis;tr-oac:le;soet03:::. called upon me. I knew his face, and ll,is roils; tiveflaiihuarrlsNeolow.vPad7Pleasant schoolboy againbest to get ulseawsNaiv• .. " tiindhgitihae! forces during I am also leaving my wife. Will you do -0? ' , happens?" t gave" a decent pjec'n.l)siocc, my told him I was merely one person, 13°-;41111,.. anydaessvuerrance that 1 would do my utraosake " _Hs ieer, ,„ willl ll ayy Oglc7eatsifliolo.ronti.igiho:.:A. hearty Who::ir vy 11, good luck, old chap I"—aild n'e 1:111 bit wife do? 01/ • The fighting _ fellow-citizens the claimyosuorf irliP:sery lifi.te-r long? ,p o:iiiitiii; line in the present C-4:rtiggLiet I°l4 ' extend end on the Continent or the ocean; e.'i It end to the heart of every Britisher 3' irre I must show itself in concerted acti°°,,•olB spective of creed or party; in an 1111°V; 101' : determination that the dependents of o°' heroesa_nikeeshall be liberally provided t Fight; . Comrades at home. Your help, please: ,tac!t' P on fighting! Don't stoP ar.2r-''t f So shall our reproach—to our shame, "'": ourdideserved reproach—be rolled an.°.i• wives i rs W'h sweli, go—for how long? at n-1 , ,- se - co? We tan, and ought to aniOS ive P ." FBEDEBIC .•-• ~ Stockton Heath, October 16th, 1914. 1 PROPOSED SHORTHAND villllos ' Al ASSOCIATION. tio, Sir,—The results of the 10th Inter: s Ili Shorthand Speed Tests on August `•4tT appear in print and will be interre'fotl7it Bpiinnl eiieoindinita.loitlige: ,it• ashatieniahgeiris.gsa.haHeesi`tsVai tnwmaari this, veicroi inttteheres, t2:oo'n;c*rtolrriice gw,,,iti 1,. , 98.6. In the three tePsetrseeiol ft minute, Mr. Behrin's average of 00',ee t: Veilit 9beB been r equalled.cent, w hilcth i iss iari recordte i res ,tj lio 11eihie none but Pitma_nic shorthand Writ.el.9:' to qualify in this contest." percentage ' 4?2f20 : 3;elo'cirsruf 0,••1: Can Warrington approach thi iiiijoif s? 14 e , i: tested his ability and has been reWilosChe l iieseffort. There may he in Warr I°ll ingtoooft 9 $. te some aspirants to high speed 4 tirf of the nmeNe-edriubmeesnf ()alb. able i% to take .adyeartilletl , j have 0 • g acquiri It ,q p• high speed. it• SV'st All who know anything about ittadt Writers' Associations will know tliBt 64 ol'lle.', posSible to over-estimate the Talon ot too societies to shorthand writers of tbe,o ofttioi. A_ Perusal of the syllabuso of anY .„ Ite roceti comprising, Association will prove_rcA emr Oe yal ~wotPurrising, as it does, lectures. sPgs fre!' tests, outings, fsoco•iiiiaaltheaysenainvoi; nu ipte theory , r Ott,' inetopics. 01 Such a society it is intended t? nt f°lo 331te,C06 rington, providing that a sufficie to II r !" namesare submitted for menibe3ll,irr it itel,so on successfully. All shorthand ;001 Ctt c'cl. pupils in the advanced Evening Se";t-c• a f°rill e.r tai-ill find this a splendid opportnlnti - uing their studies and further te n " . ability. ,Olt orf. WM. Pl-1,1. Seer' . Tow:o6'; 0, 5, Garner-street, Orford, Warrith't° , isP, ens, ,0 SUNDAY NEWS SHOUTING 117,, ioil,°'ilt:t, Sir,—l beg to express iny aPPree't-il0; er t• remarksiiinent th eo crying ryyfonugr bye o rLerisvienydse notn 05:110n0d5t,11,,,e0 fe,:he;.; ' ngs. l'ol several weeks in stiecestl,lo 13% gregation of the church I attend ''." or .ne cr turbed in the attitude of Pr°lertlV middle of the preacher' discourse lii° Special," reiterated several tinllf;r 010:iii',4 Surely the fact that a'e at '::.e of Litilei he held as an excuse for tlilis scnii•ri' 91P- tion when worshipper: 'are ill „'tlearl'filfe'ell abnormal times r. , ~ng, • ,f, pi,,, t be belotA supplication mniets eiu•astillife, if talaieyiac.o--rto 01" I more profound. The same objection should, hon'evel,o'clgi,e'lt with regard to Sunday rnorainaPe,,,- gs• , rti' pel/V the commencement of war, v -.bite called regularly inthis lo' °lilt. ' f to l t ef woo 103), have been walkinc, met as many as'fou P vagloor3 ell -are t church, three ,of whom r have 0 ,on ,•,1 dr' sales by cries. 10' P ed• k If people must have their Sain iiibit ~ least the shouting ought to be Pr°

said'

BIiIIijRCAT RIVETS ED LVETS, fr

Is, Bait re, or 008010 for ass( t 'HE 131.,_ ',TED , JOULAO si CO' "D., • AYLESBURY, DU° 1.1• END FOR FULLY

" FOR TIM BLOOD IS T.llO r organism of man the materla every portion of the structure cToed co blood. If the blood is Viiiire os• diseased." Clarke's Blood ,A-!.1" ditie,ll;oo on to cure all Blood and SNinever,p most searching blood cleans?rioulor' will free the system from all ever cause arising. For Scro%yer,fo vAebisiocuesss.es, Thousands where where 9d. perndulf,T,4" Pimples and Sores of all liill'l'2,llis"o ' ,esti loos Advt

FO n MENDINC: HAWS. of all Ironmongers, 1/.. for assorted DI ' BIFURCA" --,UI

01.°09$ ,/ it. 0 IsPtlj'e ttea.,

at 2s. oi OE bottle 7. 5 ... 0 ° s= i i "" 2' i MC i 00014 A 11 - Self- Raisll. it Fl.OOl. 11 V . k a a• LEO `1 N S UNKIVAI' 01565 ' for YORKSHIRE POD _,.., nd all PASTRY, a BOILED & STEAOIOD #( PUDDINGS, EMUS and GOSO;' Once tried always 001. ~ Ikrifil , TRY IT TO-O41(' "/_ 7 01wa . -* . % ‘.0.-- 22-Ji,,..,........, I ,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ortir• tbei'r

===== 0002601_19141017_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
MARY EST FESTIVALS.

MCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL.

'"vlees

- of thanksgiving for the safe in-gath- ti4,s the harvest were conducted at the a 0 Congregational Church on Sunday by tigregoaan. T. James. There were large con- The church had been tastefully 4, rated for the occasion with fruit, flowers kus'iee°lll by a number of the ladies, and special l'ttyt,, was rendered by the choir, Mr. W. H. "11 Presiding at the organ. 14 0. NATURE'S BENEFICENCE. upon morning the Rev. T. T. James spoke t uod's World," taking as his text Psalm •'` 0 ford, how manifold are Thy works., f7`Lore hast Thou made them all: the earth the",," of Thy riches." They Very truly asserted, taiaeg,,reaeher said, that the Book of Psalms con- they" sonre of the sweetest spiritual songs; ct"Plessed the relationship between the soul not 1-110" in a familiar and intimate mannei. did Psalm from which the text was taken it d deal with that intimate spiritual life; 00:11r with the physical w 1/14,•And yet this song was wonders of the world a part of wor- *int' thuie Psalms were not wholly taken up PsYchology of the soul. Again and (lad ii.`ae mind turned to the external world, Was that line of thought that they fol- thee- wnen they met for their harvest festivals. they eiarth was really God's 'world, and,. when i ,°I -11'°aked at the universe, they looked indeed '11() "le gar t in winch God had clothed , , 'nen they met to demon- lherefore, when ley slioai',Lne fact that Nature had been kind, ley they et ~tll 1.1 . "u not res- the celebration as a' habit, 111t0 l'a‘lld exercise their minds until,they got kask.eal touch with God. The great titat',iii tried to teach to the world of alt raat,i.pla every tree and flower and leaf, was hs C,;c'est the great power that had done its work well in the least as in the greatest This was something that had been tsrus throu lilhout the world's history. The ex- itaill-Lnad always been speaking to men of the 1144-2 and the unseen; the world of matter 011il t-L`waYs made a call to the religious,instinct rat,ta".? inward mind. God revealed himself in • th one way, and those who lived in tio0!1,, Cities and towns needed Nature's revela- Nut, h 5 had had done so much to lose God's 11r88 by their manifold works; and their ol 'ad COIlle be so filled with the artificial eas jjs Itht4es'Which did not last. antimm "The earth is the Lord's" (Hol- ' was ably rendered by the choir. , InAtIVEST JOY DROWNED IN BLOOD." ket ;„e evening the\ preacher took for his sub- Spirit of Gratitude," the text being the eXxxvi. 1 and 4: "0 give thanks unto (loQtr, rd for He is good: to Him alone Who he ggreat wonders." They were not there, baCa,di, to discover new things to think about, ith tr remind themselves of old and constant . te. th Harvest festivals began long, long ago. lere ' 434 oaf country. ; they were the nar atal celebia amil and women who lived on tbe hind, ehtiat It Meant something to have seen the last (lie ',garnered, and all things made ready for tilvtoter that was coming. They, who wece 1111 loom and spindle, drawing wire, or mak- roan'teaP, adding up ledgers and keeping Sc- -01 Site! did but dimly realise the original spirit, Rlty ~," a festival; they, whose glimpse of the Of 1" as the slip they could see through the row lous rlil w. es, to whom rain almost a nuisance, !lot "0„lad unpleasant, and heat exhausting. did 11l ,e iatitt7l,itY grasp the first idea that dwelt in a --geving day for the flowers and fruits of earth. - Every-day Wonders. th the eof e essentials of the religious life was litaZirit of gratitude; it should hold a most and dominating position in their 11811 they quite honestly exam- „ Suppose *as their religious life for 0, moment! Whatiited,religion? Well, in its essence it was t eletas ''enntad with God. One of the vital • e'lB was the act of prayer—the talk of the tieoai with God. Of course, there were many • l',11(;:bwho reckoned to have a lot of religion, •at "0 found no place for prayer. Frankly, lititt7;`l not understand them. They claimed a whiiliar friendship with an unseen Friend 114,,,c11 involved no conversation. He (the i • "r) always found a friendship in which haeutlarty spoke to the other, well on the way to raiatning nonsense. But suppose one of tile kilo elements of their religion was pra,yie3 e1i..,, 'ora:talitiosed they analysed their prayers? r 11...kts discussed the question— Is _it any dlio2`: Dray?" They meant: If they ,askedoi en4(4l-t;',Were they likely to get them? That, f tat, ."913,-°`hing else, was what prayer meant to very PBOp. and, of course, petition besides • taiskiavvsntial part of prayer. But, ide "ain2""ae religious must also acknowledge the irs they lie& pouring out in praise and t),eallr -si„ling the gratitude that flooded their itas en they thought of the goodness and of life. So it was good to think that t 4; ,oecasion like that they ceased to batter 4,iritt`e., of Heaven with numberless petitions c. Olini7l,:nemselves, instead, to the delightof °rer the blessings of life, and putting ''''Oat-ard the loving-kindness with which the l''ather-heart had treated them. tta,r Ittht, Were the wonders which God had done, csitl,,,lv", 'en men were to offer praise? The t1443,,-"st went on to give a list, not of what r.eal,led. extraordinary things, but of what .1(t-alled ordinary every-day events—the sun at,nd setting• the moon and the stars l'ere".„"Y night; tile whole natural order; those bsaoii• "14e marvellous works of God. Yes; but mankind forgot that they were c4e ~,T,tous! Let them get something out of "rninary ; let there come an eclipse of the 114 '011(1 everybody would be out with a little low e smoked glass, gazing at it and thinking wks ils'onishin it was. Yet how wonderful it 444 "'at e Sun kept on doing its usual work! waoetrice.rth lost His delight in the freshness of i In Special Cause for Gratitude. iade. ais land we had special cause for grati- • io ,There were countries already where the Ny,°', harvest had been drowned in blood. ‘'Xil IN,,'e lands where a few months ago men 44'4.th-ea to reap the golden grain; and behold t . clst a,: Was the reaper—reaping with the sharp- ,irepa-v(lte this world had ever known. There, 11(trt•elas,en and women who expected to celebrate 11 tlCe-licnnes; and lo! they were wanderers 411 earth, with no home to call their own, uui w. Ith all treasure gone in the irretrievable Altlen ,111 war. Aye, and mean and worthless mr,id 4-144.4 women the British would be if they rot( t 54 get clown upon their knees and thank , 'tad the heroism of a little nation, which •vil a 13')(1 between them and the nightmare of ger tin(' Ibloodshed, and if they did not remem- !heir ,!lv own brave Sons, who, by the risk of (ng on"wn lives, defended this country by fight- 1e foreign field. Ive What We Owe to Our Soldiers. .vile;eded to realise how the quiet of our ole Flll4 11'18.', and the sanctity of Our homes, and (l "` oet plenty of our fields, and the honour 'titt°,l WoManhood, were still ours through the

eir

it

===== 0002601_19141017_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
sacrifice of those who have one out from our midst, and that they would remain ours by the sacrifice of those who still might go. We needed to see to it that whatever peculiar safety and blessing had been vouchsafed to the people of this country was not something to be sel- fishly enjoyed, but the very inspiration which would impel them to stretch out a hand to those who were hard pressed and baffled in this most terrible time. Their thanks to God were but empty words unless they were translated into deeds of mercy, and prayers of intercession, and acts of charity and love. During the service the choir rendered the anthems "Hearken unto thf.; (Button) and "Sing to the Lord of Harvest" (Barnby).

===== 0002601_19141017_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. • PAUL'S. Good That Will Issue Out of the War.

Harvest festival services were held at St. Paul's. Church, Warrington, on Sunday. There were large congregations throughout the day,' and more particularly in the evening, when every seat was occupied. The sacred building had been nicely decorated for the occasion. Preaching in the evening from the text "Lift up your eyes and look unto the fields, for they are already white unto the harvest" (St. John iv. 25) the Vicar (the Rev. W. Bracecamp) said that some people went to harvest festival ser- vices simply to look at the decorations, whilst others Went merely because it was the custom. To such his message was: "If you want the Blessing of God you must lift Up your eyes,' you must look above, from whence, alone, comes strength; you must look to Him Who is the Giver of all things—the God of Life and the God of Mercy. One thought that he would specially like to urge upon his hearers was the thought that the time of harvest was a testing time. Just as they had gathered in the wheat from the seed which they had sown, so would they gather in from the spiritual seed which they sowed. The young man who said that he was sowing his wild oats and would reap wheat by and by was predicating something that was contrary to the laws of Nature and all human experience; he was trying to reap something exactly different to what he sowed, and that never could be done. Continuing, the preacher said that when they looked on the terrible war that was now raging on the Continent they surely, believed from the bottom of their hearts that good would come out of it. And what was that good— what was the harvest they were going to reap out of all that turmoil and pain? One thing lie was perfectly sure they would reap, and that was the Brotherhood /of Man. All the big social troubles in the past had been a great I curse to the nation, but he believed the war I was—and would be—the means of bringing all classes closer and closer together, and that one outcome of the Titanic struggle would be that the nations would learn something of the true Brotherhood of Man. Another great lesson that the war was teaching was that carelessness and indifference to the cause of God did not pay. If they were naughty children, then God, as a faithful and true parent, must punish them for their naughtiness. At a time like this they must not be grateful simply by word of mouth; their gratitude must go a little deeper than that—they must express it by giving of their substance. The clergyman's life was not a picnic, and the clergyman could not live on nothing, and therefore he appealed to his hear- ers to be liberal in their gifts to the cause of God in that parish, remembering that true religion was not only in the head and heart, but also in the pocket. During the service the choir sang the anthem "0 clap your hands together." The preacher in the morning was the Rev. IL P. S. Collier, Vicar of Padgate. At a children's service in the afternoon the Vicar preached, whilst the Rev. 11. Downham gave an address to the members of the United Bible Classes.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
STHETTON.

Harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Stretton Parish Church on Sunday, when the offertories were devoted to the Belgian Relief Fund and the Choir Fund. The Rev. W. H. Palin occupied the pulpit in the morning and the Rev. H. G. Thompson in the afternoon, whilst the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross (vicar) was the preacher in the evening. The church was tastefully decorated and the choir,rendered special music.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN CHURCH, WINWICK.

Harvest thanksgiving services were held in the above place of worship on Sunday, con- ducted in the afternoon aml evening by the Rev. A. J. Shields, Didsbury College. Miss Whitmore, of Warrington, rendered solos at both services, which were highly appreciate. The attendance was very much above the aver- age, a greater interest having been shown in the place all round since being taken over by the Wesleyan Connexion. On Monday evening the usual social entertainment, with disposal of fruit, flowers, and vegetables, was held. Mr. Shallcross, sen., presided: A very interesting programme of songs, recitations, &c,, was pro- vided by Messrs. Sephton, Earlestown; Airs. Lawson, the Misses Louie and Madge Ormiston, and Mr. Halliwell. Miss Ormiston presided at the organ at all the services.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
lIILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHURCH.

•••••

Harvest thanksgiving servites were held on Sunday, when there were good congregations. The ladies of the congregation had beautifully decorated the church. The preacher, morning and evening, was the Rev. George Curtis. Mrs. James Kenworthy was the choir leader, and Mr. Harrison the organist. The anthems given by the choir were "0 clap your hands together" and "While the earth remaineth," Miss Capell taking the solo. A duet was given by Mrs. Kenworthy and Miss Capell, "0 lovely peace," and Miss Taylor gave a beautiful solo, "Thanks- giving," all the special singing being ,frhighly appreciated. A Young People's Service was held in the afternoon, presided over by Mr. J. Taylor. A* appropriate address was given by Mr. T. Deakin. The children delighted those present with their sweet singing, Miss Challoner presiding at the instrument. Two beautiful solos were ably rendered by Miss Bates. . _ .

On Monday evening a social was held in the Schoolroom, presided over by the Rev. George Curtis. The musical items were :—Pianoforte duet, "Poet and Peasant," the Misses Chal- loner ; solo, "My little grey home in the West," Miss Capell ; glee, "Oh, who will o'er the Downs so free?" choir; Master A. Mayhall delighted with his violin solo, and a duet, "Friendship," by Mrs. Kenworthy and Miss Capell, was greatly applauded. During the evening Mr. J. Moss acted as am-

tioneer. The social was brought to a close by the singing of "God save the King." The offerings for the Sunday amounted to .85 Bs. 7d.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. CLEMENT'S MISSION.

The harvest thanksgiving services at St. Clement's Mission were-concluded on Sunday, being conducted by the Rev. T. Vickers, curate- in-charge, and the Rev. A. H. Johnson, of Wigan Parish Church. The attendances were good, and the collections, which were taken in aid of the Assistant Clergy Fund, realised £5. In the evening special music was rendered by the choir, including the anthem, "Let the earth bring forth fruit," the solo parts being taken by Messrs. Berry and Beswick.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
FELL INTO MOVING MACHINERY. Peaketh Thresher's Terrible Fate.

The sad story of a man's fall into the drum of a threshing machine, and of the fatal conse- quences following thereon, was related at an inquiry, held at the Coroner's Court on Monday afternoon, by Mr. S. Brighouse, into the circum- stances attending the death of Hugh Pownall, of Brookside Cottages, Penketh.

Mr. T. S. Steel Was present to watch the in- terests of the widow, and Mr. Allen, of Wigan, followed the case on behalf of Mr. Walter Fitter, of Hood-lane, Sankey, the owner of the machine.

Fred Pownall, a gardener, living in Station- road, Penketh, said the deceased, who was his brother, was 34 years of age. About seven o'clock on the previous Thursday night witness was informed that his brother had met with an accident. Witness visited the Warrington In- firmary to see his brother, and Dr. Law told him that it was a very serious case, and an operation would be necessary. Witness saw his brother, who was conscious, and who, referring to the accident, said, "I was sweeping up and finishing for the night, when I got caught." The Coroner: Did he say anything Further?— Witness: No. Witness, continuing, said he again visited the Infirmary at 9.30 the following morning, when his brother appeared to be sinking, and at 12.30 witness was notified that death had taken place.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST FINISHING FOR THE ISAY.

William Reid, of Newfield Cottages, Lymm, an engine driver employed by Mr. Walter Fit- ter, said that the deceased and himself were both working at Cuerdley Hall Farm, Penketh. on October Bth. At 6 o'clock witness and Pownall were both standing on the top of the machine. It was getting dusk and they were just finishing work for the day. The engine was still running: and witness told Pown'all to sweep the rubbish into the feeding drum. He made to do so, but as he was getting the brush he fell into the drum. The engine was stopped and after first aid had been rendered, deceased was removed to the Infirmary..

_ Questioned by Mr. Allen, witness said the machine was a self-feeder. _

Eva Baxter, a nurse at the Infirmary, stated that death took place at 11 o'clock on the morn- ing of October 9th. _

A verdict of "Accidental death" was re- turned, and the jury expressed their sympathy with the widow.

Mr. Allen also expressed sympathy, on behalf of his client, and said that the machinery was of the most up to date character. The accident was one of those things that could not be guarded against. Mr. Steel acknowledged the expressions of sympathy on behalf of the widow. There were, he said, three children, the youngest of whom was two months old. It was to be hoped that something substantial would be done for the family. On Tuesday the remains of the late Mr. Pownall were interred in the Great Sankey Cemetery. Wreaths were sent from numerous sympathisers, including one from the employes of the Penketh Tanning Company.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SPARE GAMES

For Soldiers In Homes And Hospitals.

To provide amusement and recreation for wounded soldiers during their convalescent stage in homes and hospitals, a games bureau has been organised by the editor of "The Tatler " to supply indoor games of all kinds.

There must be— a vast number of houses in Great Britain which have cupboards contain- ing games such as dominoes, draughts, jig-saw- puzzles, patience, race games, chess, &c., ,which are not now in use. These, if sent in, will be distributed for the use of the convalescent sol- diers and sailors.

Mrs. Hugh Spottiswoode, who has consented to act as honorary superintendent of the bureau, is getting into touch with all the hos- pitals and convalescent homes at home and abroad, and will be grateful if any "Examiner" readers can send a contribution to her at the " Tatler " Games Bureau, Great New-street, London, E.C. All the parcels will be sent free of expense of distribution to the various institutions, and the donors' names will be acknowledged in the pages of "The Tatler." All packages sent should have the name and address of the donors plainly written on the outside.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
METEOR LIBELLED.

Mistaken for a German Airship.

WARRINGTONIANS' THEORIES.

One of the blackest nights I have ever known was last Tuesday's—the night of the mysterious noise.

I was cycling at a comfortable speed along the Knutsford-road at High Legh, and was musing upon the recklessness of a motorist who had just passed—or, rather, just missed—me, when a reddish glare flashed across the heavens. "That's a funny colour, mate," came a voice from the darkness, but as the tramp spoke—for I believe it was a tramp—a second flash occurred, this time a little brighter. I replied in the affirmative, and as I' rode on, thinking of a new-fashioned lightning, a noise as of a distant explosion came through the air. It sounded like the passing of a fast train over a high bridge—but miles away. The pheasants near the wood on Colonel Legh's estate uttered a shriek, and from the distance came the .barking of a few dogs. Highly strung and afraid—not of Germans, but that a big explosion had occurred in Warrington—l rode on faster and faster. From which way the noise came I could not tell. Perhaps something had happened at the Gas Works. Perhaps it was at Northwich and would not affect War- rington. Perhaps it was at the works at Irlam. Whatever it was, I believed something terrible had happened "somewhere." My first thought of a disaster at the War- rington Gas Works seemed corroborated, for, from an elevated portion of the road, no sem- blance of a light could be seen over the town. Ahead of me I could only just discern the two electric lights on the'high standards. at Latch- ford Locks, and they appeared to stand out against the blackness like tiny stars. Probably, to one unacquainted with the road, those lights could have been assigned to an airship. But I knew the road well, and all the King's horses and all his men could not have dragged me into believing that the lights were anything more than those which cast their rays owr the waters near the Locks. Emerging from the darkness, I found that the gas facing the "Dog and Dart" was burning all right. Nothing seemed amiss there, neither did there as I passed through Latchford With- out—only that I met very few Pedestrians. Per- haps they were all at the scene of the explo- sion! But, no! At the car terminus half-a- dozen men were eagerly engaged in a dis- cussion, and, in passing, I heard something about a "bomb and an airship !" My curiosity was aroused, and, disnlounting, I turned back, ;and inquired what was the matter. They related the story of the flash in the sky, and of the explosion, which, to use one of my unknown friend's descriptions, "fairly shook the earth !" It was a story I knew well, but of which I said little. One of the group stated that he had seen a vertical light, which, he was Positive, dangled from some aircraft; "but," he added, "it might have been a British one !" . All reports as to the time of the explosion I coincided. . .

Other people in town were talking about the 1 " unearthly " noise, and of the flash, but it was I very evident that imagination, of the kind possessed by Yankee—and, now, also, German— journalists, had been at work—and in some cases had put in plenty of overtime. More than one Warringtonian had actually seen the airship, and could tell where it passed over, and the direction in which it was travelling. Indeed, I have since been informed of one worthy dame who heard "something like the noise of propellers"! However, my own theory, like many other people's, was to be thrown on the scrap-heap. On the following morning I scanned the papers, and found that the "airship" had been seen, all at the same moment, over such widely scattered areas as Chester, Knutsford, Liverpool and Manchester. Strange! Then the scientists came to the rescue, stating that the description of the mysterious light and the noise of the 'explosion tallied with a meteoric visitation which might occur at this time of the year. After all, somebody was right in saying it was an "unearthly" noise. In the car the passengers forgot about the German investment of Antwerp, for the chief .topic of conversation 114 reference to the previous night's happenings.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NATION'S POSTCARDS.

The war lends itself completely to the produc- tion of picture postcards, and Messrs. Raphael Tuck and Sons, Ltd., have seized upon the op- ix)rtunity promptly and effectively. Under official guidance and sanction this firm have 'published sixty different sets dealing with the Navy. the Army, aviation, &c. The cards tell the stories of our resources with the best pos- sible taste, and in a manner that should lead to a large demand.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GERMAN PRESS BEREA all these vietoric dare w,

WINO THE SHOW AWAY.

PHOTOGRAPHER: "Costume perfect, Sire—accessor, ' ion might be just - touch more

.....------ • ------ \ ' / I i‘7/__/ -------4' K _/. • , 1 . IL .----------- ‘•\7*/ 1 .---- 5,./ ~ , 4, . „ .;•,.. Z"—/ , -, '••••""-----:----:'; 10,, , I ,;-.., 1 ii /I' \ // /0-----------...-1-:;;:a.svro ,-,&-..:- . 4-, / // / . e 5 ~....4,,,---7-;:-:..-;..i."4,„-_---„0-01 7 y II I --i. 1 01, ."../.4, "4 1:41. N. ~, . ....,/,11.../.il ~,,,,:oz, •',,,,, r 1 ', 1 , S:4l. v,..*.....,..!.,,,/•; • ta. -I/q. ' ' Of^ 1 til.ii, li- 1' ';'. 11 ..,, ;"- '':..c.,. '....:Y: ' • '::-:1;',:-.''''/ 41.'1 I i ~/. ~ 'II' I 'r ',4r. , -0* i ~...:,..f,::..-..--..,::;', ~,,„,.. , , t‘i # Lt:, ( Valf ' i / ;.'.,,..":::,:g‘ ..,:.:.:e, , ,/,010„,i rigs 4,1 ji, ~;,,,.,,I11,1,i1; ay iiii,,,, r, ~, 7 /4:.t*K'irc.i•::::ll/1,,, legi!iidti 1 111 ' 7 '''',,,,„ ,------0,%`,44, 7 i i'- .\,,1., ; , \ ~, II I! ii ~.0 Li, , , 1-- ,-...,-.0.• .---4 f ill' ',,1 1 \l'll , ,1004, .... ~1 i. , . ~.,. , - --.....e , ,•.1 . to 6, '; \'‘' 1 111 IV ';. I '' ' :a i' IIIi / , ,t11),,.`k -, c--- ', fr . '''',OKlsf:'• . • L -____:',>\\, -.\\A iiii .1V ‘A , I \ ,st 11-11-1 i'. I !I, 7, A 41' -7-i \\ 14.4.-->../ ..,:-.--,:,,,,...,\ . II.,0•10/ , m,i,,,11.1; .'' v:. - ~:_v, 4.--=-4 I.Nt.W(\ fl :_ie..„..1ik„1„,,,,,,. . ~. ~......,,......::_„•.......1.t:t. ~;„,ivolv ..._;:___:....„...„..... i„ iii, A A ... Jll -A /1 ir.„,• i, ~.. ~.......... 4 , At; \ - --f--.,------ )',',';',,,, ,'• sii qll i f's (6' '••,' . •;--.7. ekki, -:--= 14, ‘.• s'''' %go: tillol , -,----- ~.-:._••- 441 4, ,fI,I 1 , , 0 i•sp (~,‘ ... ,1.- ,z_., ii L /vg ••' 4,-,,,,'"'::•' \ ,%. iht 01101 -/...,•:-„Sf\ 'N.._ '\lk‘i'll' 01 \\ 1 ' 0' A .='71.4-_ '11) r, '. "" • .____,„. .. 1,-4-10 ..0-- - ,--=:;..' !-;, A, 7 , ?:0,,,,11! 1 p ~, '‘'l i 11 1 il, Iry . ri! ' 4/11, --/, ..:.'-'%"':-i:' 4,110 Oil 7 , ...;...--i....\ t i vp,, -.,...--. _ _-__„..;....;.-. ,' ~ -'!', 1191:tt .3 'As \ -•>.4•,---- - 410, ~ `l, vti .-.-_ ---: :-..--: ear.'w'' \- 7 ---.:---. 'SZ't,' \ -.•:; . , "0.1 rold'i :: -,---- --" 1.,, , N ' 4 9 tl! Kill .......„..., \\ . \ --.....---_ -,„._-,41'7:.• 4 - \-',.: ' .. /1.51138--- -1:-':-.."-- --1). ‘, %\ - \ ~t. 21 cu), %•,0.,,.....,•,,:. . ii, r , ~.(0, ..i „.:. •,. ,___< . .., „, .t„........,,,... ~ 1 .0,) ,;tro ,\:,......::„.._.....,...,..,...,.,,.4.....:,...... I , • <,` \ ~ 0•11, i II:0 .A."1:,•If ~ so 0-- ffr, 1 ••:N,''\ / ...;>'. , ( Of, Sys,‘‘` •'('' ./;/ /12 o 1.1 I . , _A-_,,if •'• \ •1:;:;;( / , • ~/ ~' --- • vsf 4 / i\t,••' •:' • g%, , t i\ pi *-17' ~ :4:""i . ,•;:, ,-,. i 4 i ..!.,eO-,1,- 6/e, 4 '.. ,'.., 1,1 i r 1•:- I \ ;':' ;:' ~, . .4-- <-_, .. ::4•44.„ "#•,•I'0 ',',. ~ fi •il ,di - ~_A,*,: Al ••,, .:, il 1 , /...- .-„,- :.••.. T. v.. I.\ , -:" 0,4,/v "';.'o,l'.•' • ' 11, ir& ;;;----- V.,,,,0,5. ~,i.ll att..____r . i t!4:l.' ~‘,..• ~;,' , , ,•0 45,...,i:j te' 4, ,‘ I ~.4.:,...., r . „,, - ' if.v.,-,i W..> ‘'..-t.' •' ' 1 ~q, i i 111 i, ."-..'"-,471 - • . r ' V ''' ‘,r' rd ' "OVA j' '.6', fik• ..:. ')...''''. 1.1. ' -CO—LW, Pi' ...1 , „s, , ~ , I 111 ~,,,,..,, s , Tl4V'f'4lft,' id , i+. 'l\ '‘ \ iii.,.l .1 V i,`, A \\l / i "Kh ''t .\ V:ke Mk) ip,,,,•,....,../.... ,• . terniii'lli ",,i,L la 111.A1 ,:,, 41 ~,;: , • : ll t,','\' I/ a qfri 1.• s— /40,:i:0d0w,::.:•,... : !itilik./0,., 'mf/47, - .---.4,141,Y'.',, i;li'',' / ~... ~,,,,,, 4, ~,\ , 4,,,„ ~,,,, • ~,. ~. ~. .., 1 '' t ,^- ',... // / 1 0 lia..l.t..:tddrifr,... ' . %'.. :, 0 ' i::41 '..."•.: % ' . . , e', i e ; 41s ‘ qN.li\ / ,-...e.A\ ....:-----------Asiott,:x,, iii,e„ .. •., .\\ ~0..,,, it, \,:. .: . ..--,..-, ~, ~ I# i rOks \ 0/A\l / 1 F':4V/P...4/;telliP ''''' '..i.6,‘ \ e • : .'.. "7,,i! . i ',ll' lil k.IC lA\ 0 ,404. •'i .7,..... 4 'if .1:, '; • ',.. I, ,5,1,7 % ,t. - ': , „., •., ~k r 1 tek';',•V-70:1-1,(`;•.',14.4 `''''M ',. '-;..-.si,-.1•;• i' ' ;OP 1 I%(‘\‘l 1 ' /VS\ \ ;•••7:7;;;,;'1%\ trW; ,cs'o"‘"•4 ~\\ „ ._,_ ' , .4011 I ikittsok)i / I .......,-,,,,;.,,,„?fr,k,7,...--=.71„ 1....4....,-;:i'::,;\'‘.s- •:---.,--_,-:-.-7.-:-:;,-;:-;,-,,„: ~:.../,',l 411 , ,_-----;,..,,,-,;?;4,-.,1,-t-lAfo• ':,,,irli:.:--,...;--, •iiir,-;-.*F=1471-f::::?-17-: \ll k\'•\\ 1 / ' shvok ,f.;.-5,..,:..44.,,,,„:-,,i,:i."0,4.,,,__ ...g ‘,.... i04......,...n...i.„,,,„4 - Ylik;•\,;;;\ , , /04 .4 ---4-; 7,4;;;440 • At- *r” .r... 4 :_---71L-----"Talf.:l7-..17;;;5S " •-a-'----""----'7-77"----M::74%- my) -- '''' - -. -*-11.--- ----:•'-&-tr,-,..,--..,..‘,.. 1 ! l'i11:1,e), , •N,,,At I\, V;s4. ,4 --.'-- ~" 4.1.- ',3-./.';";:',;,,,,_1,--=- .killt ~'"'''.....".- 9.----17-7.--F.,e-S-Z• A 1I 10 'kql ..,,... A I A ri„‘..,014,,,_ - .. •••••:::-%•- _ --flf. ..7, F/, . ---‘—'="----- ...--..-L-t-ZefOrk./7-'--- I 1 , ~i'/Y s.e. ~...i.'";..A•'-77'_•.',-::::.5. .......<;I:N.--07-•-•.:-..--,....,;*. 4Pr ' \\ IN iptice: , i NI, t , )16v ~., , , 3? 1 ___ . . ..,..___:i ,- :. -.7., . . 6.(8y pern.',sion of the Propl4 ,

,AU 3ries admirable; but, in e suggest that the expressiL_ a --- jubilant?" • , • _ *-k ktu

ies, ,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_19141017_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I.' It

===== 0002601_19141017_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PENSIONS FOR BEREAVED.

Trades Council Join in Labour Party's Petition.

On the initiative of Mr. G. N. Barnes, M.P., the Independent Labour party have addressed to the organised workers of the country an appeal for support in pressing upon the Govern- ment the need for making adequate provision for the women and children who through the war may lose their bread-winner or main sup- port. The proposals put forward are that the widow of every soldier killed shall be paid £1 per week; that the mother of every soldier killed, provided she be solely dependent tipon him, shall receive a like amount; that the wife of every soldier engaged in fighting shall get the same sum whilst he is on active service, and that every soldier permanently maimed as the result of his share in the fighting shall be pen- sioned off with twenty shillings per week. The appeal came before the Warrington Prates and Labour Council at their meeting on Tuesday evening, when Mr. Hamblett moved that that body should record their endorsement of the same and join in urging it upon the Government.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Whilst Our Hearts Are Warm.

At a time like this, he said, the heart of every one of them was warmed up, and they almost felt that to ask for ..t1 a week was a ridiculously inadequate request to make. Surely the Government would not need any pressure to make some provision for those left behind by the men who shed their blood in the country's cause? _ s

Mr. Greely, in seconding, remarked that the matter was of such importance that he thought it ought to be made a test question at the next election.

The Secretary (Mr. Dukes) said he did not think they ought to be compelled to ask for such reasonable provision for those who suffered through the war; they ought to demand it as a right. He could not help but remind the delegates that in this couutry a comparatively few people took a thousand million pounds a year and did no work in return for them; yet it had taken over two months to raise three millions for the relief of those people who had been rendered destitute through the war. The £1 a week proposed by the " Citizen" was going to take some fighting for, and they would only get it just to the extent that they threatened and imperilled the position of the present office holders.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A BURNING QUESTION.

Mr. Helsby described the question as a burn- ing one, and said there were times when he almost felt that they should do what they could to stop recruiting until the thing was settled. They ought to have said at the first : "If you ask trade unionists to enlist, what are you going to give them?" Mr. Shimmings said he would like to utter a very strong protest against the way soldiers' wives had to go to the Post Office and hang about for their money. Some better arrange- ment should, in his opinion, be devised; the money warrants should be sent to them by post, the same as were the warrants for ex-soldiers' pensions. - The Secretary wondered whether any of the municipal premises—for instance, Parr Hall— could be placed at the disposal of the women, so that they might have somewhere to sit down whilst waiting. The Council decided to give their support to the £1 per week programme.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ERUPTION ON CHILD'S LIMBS.

74, Cranbrook-road, St. John's, London, S.E., Eng.--" My little girl then five years old had her side badly hurt, the skin being rubbed off. It soon formed a great mattery sore. Her legs at last were great sores all over. To make mat- ters worse my little boy aged eight broke out. His face was the worst. It was a dreadful sight. Then my little girl two and one half years had her face the same in no time. The children were tormented with the terrible irritation. My little boy used to pick at I*l ears so much in his sleep that we 'rally thought he would pick it all away. This trouble would form in mattery pimples and in no time they would break and turn into great ugly scabs. They did not know what it was to get a night's rest for weeks. " I saw the Cuticura Soap and Ointment ad- vertised in the paper so I thought I would try them. The first night they slept better. I bathed them regularly three times a day and dressed the places with the Cuticura Ointment and they were cured." (Signed) Mrs. Mary Lippross, Jan. 22, 1914. Although Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by chemists throughout the world, a sample of each with I 32-p. Skin Book will be sent post free upon re- quest. Address post card: F. Newbery and Sons, 27, Charterhouse-square, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
CHURCHES AND THE WAR.

A NATION BENT ON AGGRESSION. Rev. H. Ogden and General Bernhardi's

Book.

At Golborne-street Baptist Church on Sunday evening, the Rev. H. Ogden preached upon "General Bernhardi and his Book, 'Germany and the Next War,'" taking for his text the whole of the eleventh chapter of the' Book of Daniel. The preacher introduced his subject by saying that no man cared to shed a, cherished delusion. They 'could always find a reason for their prejudices. Whenever a man wanted to believe any pa7ticular thing, he could find sup- port for his belief. He (the preacher) had ever pictured the German proletariat as peaceful and peace-loving citizens. In his imagination he had conceived the German as loitering amongst his old canals and historic buildings; a man to whom music was part of his soul, and to whom rag-time was as a craze. A closer study of the German at home revealed a mili- tarist of a determined order, and, as a student of Bernhardi and Nietzsche, he could be noth- ing less than an aggressor.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Kaiser a Pet Aversion.

He (the preacher) had ever reckoned the Kaiser as amongst his pet aversions. He was ari Emperor of ability, with a pronounced mania for German aggression. And yet, with all his aggressive movements, this war would have been impossible without a united Ger- many.

A -Congregational professor who had just ar- rived from Germany, asked permission at the close of a service to say a few words to the congregation, and emphasised what others had stated—that behind the Kaiser and his advisers was a united Germany. Britons were evidently under a delusion if they were presuming that there would be a revolution in Berlin when all the truth was known. The Kaiser certainly could have used his influence to prevent war: he might have added another twenty-five years, _ _ .

if he had been spared to live, to his) peace record. Had he used that influence, he would have gained the approbation of Europe.

A People Educated to War._

But he had a people around him educated to war and bent upon aggression. If peace had ensued at this time, foreign chancellories would have been his debtors, but most probably he would have raised a storm at Ihome. The text- book of the German soldieik—and Bernhardi must be regarded as such—postulated that war was the only evidence of a growing and thriv- ing nation. Quoting from Treitschke, Bern- hardi said that it was only the weary, spiritless and exhausted ages which had played with the dream of perpetual peace. It was self-evident, according to Bernhardi, that any nation which sought peace and strove to establish peace amongst the nations of the earth was inviting self-destruction. He even sought to discredit the Hague Peace Congress. It was permissible, in his idea, to submit trivial matters to the Hague Congress, but to abolish war entirely was more than any congress had a right to consider.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Applying Darwin's Theory.

He introduced Darwin's survival of the fit- test in relation to nations, and considered that war was a biological necessity of the first im- portance. Continuing along that line of thought, he confessed that wars were terrible— but necessary, for they saved the State from social putrefaction and stagnation. He quoted Schiller, who said:

Man is stunted by peaceful days, In idle repose his courage decays. Law is the weakling's game, Law makes the world the same. But in war man's strength is seen, War ennobles all that is mean; Even the coward belies his name.

Still urging the insanity of peace, Bernhardi said to the Germans: "Our people must learn to see that the maintenance of peace never can, or may be, the goal of a policy." He jeered at the great American nation, and ventured to tell them that, because their Government had cham- pioned the ideas of universal peace, the moral development of their national character was im- possible. With Papal assurance he told the United States that, if they advanced further on that road, they would one day pay dearly for such a policy. If further evidence were needed of the war- like character of the German people, it was supplied to them by Mr. A. G. Gardiner, of "Daily News" fame, who told them, in one of his articles, that the German soldier went into battle with a copy of Nietzsche in his pocket.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
The Nietzscheian Doctrine.

"A.G.G." epitomised Nietzsche in a sentence when he said that that philosopher's view was that the universe was "for the aristocrat, for the strong man, fot the bird of prey."

All Brithin and the civilised world, said the preacher, has been startled by the barbarity and systematic cruelty of the Germans. We were amazed at the callous disregard of Belgian neutrality, and all that it has involved. Even a cursory study of the German prophets and teachers makes their attitude plain. Bern- hardi, for example, declares that "right is re- spected so far only as is compatible with advan- tage." It becomes intelligible to us now why treaties are only scraps of paper. On such a basis, they are merely manuscripts, with no principle behind them. In summing up his various views, the writer of "Germany and the Next War" says that expediency "in the higher sense" must alone be conclusive in deciding whether to undertake a war in itself morally justifiable. Right, evidently then, is only to be measured by advantage; and expediency is to settle the time and the occasion of a war.

Teaching that is Morally Foul. Could the teachings of a text-book—and that the text-book of a nation—be more morally foul? Germany has measured us by the same morals as her own. She declares that "perfi- dious Albion" would have violated the neutral- ity of any State if it had ben to her advantage; Germany, corrupt herself, believes all others to be moved by corrupt motives. And all these views are the teachings. of scientific men, de- livered to Germany in the sacred name of culture! _

_ Bernhardi, the rev, gentleman continued, rele- gated Christianity to a‘very subordinate place— indeed; for international relations, it became useless. The claim cif Christian men, that it should be a world relqlon, would be absolutely destroyed by German culture. He said that Christian morality was a good thing, in so far as it affected relationships between men of the same nation, but to attempt to love a man of another race was treason. International Brotherhood—Treason: %.

He boldly said that the love a man showed I to another country as such would imply want of love for his own countrymen. In plain words, a German, by Chlristian instruction, must love Germans, but he was a traitor if he loved a Britisher and Britain. If such a law was to stand good the British must recall all their missionaries, and cease to preach the Gospel to every creature. In conclusion, the preacher said that the reason this country was at war was self-evident. The marvel, after all, was not that the war had come, but that it had been so long delayed. If the type of teaching outlined had soaked into the German mind—and even that was vouched for—they could not wonder at scientific bar- barism. The most disquieting fact of all this reading was that it revealed not only the mind of the Kaiser and his immediate advisers, but the mind and intentions of a united Germany. A young British soldier in Boulogne was asked what he was doing there. His reply was: "Fighting for civilisation !" Never in the his- tory of the world, had Britain been engaged in a holier war. It meant either victory or bar- barism. No young man ought to refuse to take his share in this the hour of his nation's peril. When the morrow of peace came the settlement must be on such terms that never again should any " mailed fist" be allowed to threaten the peace and the harmony of the world. A CALL TO PRAYER.

During evensong at St. Paul's Church, War- rington, on Sunday, the Vicar (the Rev. W. Bracecamp) referred to the services of interces- sion held nightly in the church and announced a falling off in the attendances. "Surely," he pleaded, "we are not going to wait for a reverse before we come to pray to God !" The services are held nightly at eight o'clock and every Wednesday and Friday the names of all men at the front known to be connected with the L parish are read out.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
VICAR WHO OFFERED HIMSELF. Bishop Thinks He Should Stay at Home.

Prior to delivering his sermon at St. Paul's harvest festival on Sunday evening, the Vicar (the Rev. W. Bracecamp), chaplain to the local Territorials, made the following personal state- ment to a crowded congregation: "I feel that there is a statement I ought to make to you concerning something which is pressing very heavily upon me at the present moment. It concerns a conflict of opinion within my own mind. Most of you know what a great interest I have taken in connection with the Terri- torials. Most of you also know that from the beginning of the war I offered myself to go any- where at any time; further you know that I got a reply that I was to wait. I have been waiting Cs er since. During this last week I have still been on the point of being appointed as a chap- lain, but, unfortunately, my Diocesan, the I Bishop, does not agree. He says I ought not to leave my parish, and, as he is my superior officer, you can quite understand the feeling that is in my mind at the present moment. I don't think I ought to make a statement to you to-night of exactly what I am going to do; in fact, I don't feel that I can, though pressure has been brought to bear upon me by my best friends, who, I know consider my welfare, ancl think, from the bottom of their hearts, of my interests. I do not, honestly, feel quite in a position to make a statement to you to-night as to what I am going to do. But I venture to think that I can ask this of you—knowing that I have worked among you for twelve years; knowing, too, that we know something of each other, and that, I hope, we love each other— that you will extend to me your prayers at this very serious time.

'1

===== 0002601_19141017_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The Bishop's Conditions.

The conditions laid down by the Bishop are such that I cannot possibly consent, and then, on the other hand, there is the call of King and country; therefore, you will understand my feelings. I would, if I could, say to you to- night: I will stay behind and do all I possibly can for you, but I can't say it at this moment. Nor can I say to my Bishop that I will stay at this present moment. However, I promise you that at the earliest opportunity I will declare from this pulpit what my feelings are and what my decision is, but I feel that I cannot do it to-night. I ask you from the bottom of my heart to remember me at the Throne of Grace in this trying time. Knowing, as you do, how I have stood up in public and pleaded to the young men of Warrington to sacrifice them- selves for their country, you can understand my feelings now that great pressure has been brought to bear on me, and I am told that I must not go, and that my duty is at home. I can't say any more—l can't trust myself to— but please remember me at the Throne of Grace. It is a joy to me to be able to tell you that my only boy will be going into training in a day or two. Therefore, if I cannot go, I shall have a part of my family there, and I ask that you will remember my boy in your prayers."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BERNHARDrS IMMORAL TEACHING The Failure of German Social Democracy.

A well-attended meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. Society, held on Runday, was presided over by Mr. Wm. Clegg. The lesson was read by Mr. Corlett, and Messrs. J. Minshull and Wm. Brown led the prayers. During the ser- vice, Madame Fairhurst rendered the solos, "My ships" and "For the children's sake," whilst Mr. J. 'Parton gave "The farewell in the desert." The accompanists were Mrs. Massey and Mr. Ernest Hannan. The band's selec- tions were " Cavatina " and "Cavalleria Rusti- cana."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN PEOPLE'S RESPONSIBILITY.

The Rev. H. Ogden spoke upon " Bernhardi's immoral teaching," and said that, as they faced the facts, they were forced to the conclu- sion that in this war they were fighting not only against the Kaiser and his advisers, but also against a whole country which sanctioned aggression. Militarism had eaten itself very deeply into the national life of Germany. Mr. W. H. Dawson, in his "Germany at Home," said that despite the dislike, and even hatred, of the German officers by the civil population, yet the civilians loved the army. Most of the men had been in barracks, and knew barrack life; the military spirit was strong within them. One was puzzled by the attitude of the democra- tic party in Germany. Mr. W. Mullins, secre- tary of the Cardroom and Blowers' Operative lAssociation, was equally astonished, and de- clared that the German Social Democrats had been false to their own teaching. Mighty as they were in numbers, they had failed to influence the German Government for peace. In conversa- tion with a student who had resided for four years in Germany, he (the speaker) asked why the German democrat had been so impotent in this crisis, and was told that one had but to say "Fatherland !" to the German democrat, and all his democracy was lost in the German. One could only conclude that German democrats were soaked in the doctrines of Bernhardi and Nietzsche. The writer of "Germany and the Next War" opened his book with vain boast- ing about German prosperity. Everyone ad- mitted the marvels which had been wrought in German commerce since 1870. But Germany would certainly have been wise had she been content with her unique place in world com- merce and European politics. Mr. Churchill said that Berlin, for a decade or two, had held the key of peace, and he was surprised that she should risk her unique position in a war.

Is War a Commercial Necessity? But, as all her teachers insisted, there could only be German commerce whilst there was aggressiOn, and commerce and aggression must . go hand in hand. Not only did Bernhardi in- sist that war was necessary for national life, and that right was only commensurate with advantage, but also that war was an indispens- able factor of culture—a culture in which a true civilised natidn found the highest expres- sion of strength and vitality. It was a rather remarkable commentary upon such a doctrine that Goethe, Handel and Mozart were all pro- ducts of the simple German life of the period prior to 1870. So far as English life was con- cerned, it had been taken as axiomatic that cul- ture and peace went hand in hand. Brutality or Bernhardism. Bernhardi had no mercy for smaller nations. He only regarded them as small and effete. He spoke of thdr existence as pitiable, and looked, upon the great power that had any regard for them as "the victim of a curse." Such advan- tages as Belgium and Holland would afford to the Germans were viewed with longing eyes, and it was incomprehensible to the writers of a certain German school that small States should be allowed to bar the way to Imperial progress. Bernhardi said of the smaller races that, without war, they would easily choke the growth of healthy, budding elements, and uni- versal decadence would follow. War, to exter- minate small States, he continued, was as necessary as the struggle of the elements in Nhaadtuf the force Nature. eeit We harteewonder, then, that Belgium of the German invader? But Social Democracy would receive scant pity from Be.rnhardi and his school. He linked them, in his contempt, with the Peace party, and believed that no workman in any country should receive an advance in wages until a similar advance had been granted in neighbouring countries. No British artisan, by that law, would receive a PennY per hour advance until his German confrere had received the advance too. One was all the more amazed that Social Democrat Would give the slightest hearing to such a teacher.. The man who said that might was the supreme right would ever be a menace to the toilers of the earth. Surely the day was coming, and was not far distant, when all such teaching and all such doctrine would be relegated to the oblivion it deserved.

Descriptive. Enthusiast Waiter (explaining the situation): "Let this 'ere meat axe be the Russians a-comin' in on the East; the carvin' knife's the Frenchies along 'ere; our boys in the ;mustard pot; and 'eres the Germane—this 'ere plate o' tripe."—" Punch."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
rietors of "Punch.")

view of

===== 0002601_19141017_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4- 4

===== 0002601_19141017_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
J

===== 0002601_19141017_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
' \tt i ', ~:, ~,, i 1,,, I . ii.PJ, • . 14 .. : . .., t ,1 . ~, - ' , . s .1 . I • No I' . 1. . it . '

',,•::• ' . 1 ,• A . . A: .4 ci 'il •Si . • ',.. 1 1 klci ; .. •• i 1 :4' • , i i .• , , 4:.; ' . i I. i% '1 • ,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
4 ' il , . ti t • , , f r,' :)1 , - , : A, ' IV ' il, I , ,1 iii

s., t it k •

I

Ntli 1 '' ... , , : i , 41

I

II

p

1,• I

I

===== 0002601_19141017_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER" OFFICE,

7,1

PRINTING THAT WILL BE A CREDIT TO YOUR BUSINESS, ---------

BEWSEY STREET. •

~

.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Telephone 99. Office: 15, CHURCH ST. Works: DUTTON ST. JOSEPH MOUNFIELD & SONS/ Proprietor: ARTHUR MOUNFIELD. THE VERY BEST AT THE LOWEST RATES.' FOR FUNERAL FURNISHING I

REFINEMENT. ECONOMY.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
205th Year of the SUN FIRE . OFFICE FOUND 1710. •Ildost • the World

0010144 from Polley Wald 111111. Insurances effected on the following risks FIRE 157CMAGE.

RESULTANT LOSS OF EILLOY ERS' LIABILITY WORKMEN's 1,4 r ENSATION, I • ESTIC SERVANTS, MATE GLASS,

RENT AND PROFITS. PERSONAL ACCIDENT, SICKNESS dr DISEASE, FIDELITYGUARANTEE, BURGLARY.

Agents in Warrington Messrs. T. R. Picktnere and Son, Bridge Street Maws. Woods. and Son, Commercial Chambers, 55,

Horsemarket Street. Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King Street. Mr. R. Lowe, 5, Buttermarket Street. Messrs. Spencer Wallhead & Son, 5, Egypt Street.

BIRTHS, MARRIAGES. DEATHS.

Notices of births, marriages, and deaths, in memoriam notices, and acknowledgments of sympathy are inserted in "The Examiner" at the following rates:—Not exceeding 20 words, Is. 6d. each; every additional seven words, 6d.

0:- Insurance Office in ,--=7 "".* . ... II 1 --I•Tc-Ind, 1 4 yes rt. ~ t ~...., .‘,,:,). 14. -*:-:‘ t * NI v.. „..,,,... ,t..; ~,:x r , ,". ,„,.. "_. , ~.. ~..,.... , ,„„ __ —K W... ' ---,, •:,,,':,-.: ----- 1 _ ..r.. ail_ u.. ..... _ _V----,---- V 1 ‘.l' "" s'-orpicr.‘?" ..4--- -

===== 0002601_19141017_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriages.

STARKEY—BLINSTON.—on September 23rd, very Quietly, at the Parish Church, Lymm, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, John B. Starkey, of Warrington, to Elizabeth Blinston, daughter of William Blinston, of Lymm.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Deaths.

WOODS.—October Bth, at 3, Cambria-place, Frances Woods, aged 71 years. WALSTl.—October 13th, at 83, Buttermarket-street, John Joseph Walsh, aged 54 years. llOLT.—Oetober 14th, at 7, Green-street, Sarah Holt. aged 57 years.

Acknowledgments. A/IR- JOSEPH GARNER and NlECEAlesire to THANK their many friends for their kind o'cpreasions of sympathy extended to them during their recent sad bereavement, also for floral tributes. 2, Hume-street, Warrington.

M°UNFIELD & SONS carry out Funerals J • in town and country. Every equipment.— Office: 15, Church-street. Tel. 99.

TELEPHONE 355 y.

YOUR printing Order!

YOU WANT

===== 0002601_19141017_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..

===== 0002601_19141017_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
DRINK IN WAR. TIME.

Perhaps it was scarcely to be ex- pected that Warrington woulid take steps to curtail the sale of drink during war time. But Warrington is not the only Place in England that goes placidly along with this enemy within the gates while we have another knocking loudly at the gates. As soon as war broke out the Russians prohibited the sale of vodka, the Ger- mans forbade the sale of liquor to any of its soldiers, and France prohibited the manufacture and sale of absinthe; but we went about our business "as usual." London has closed its public houses first at eleven o'clock, and now at ten o'clock, instead of after mid- night, and other towns have made.in- roads upon the hours during which drink may be bought, but in the main the country is in a line with Warring- ton. That is why, at the meeting of the United Kingdom Alliance this week a resolution was carried declar- in n• that the Intoxicating Liquors (Temporary Restriction) Act was wholly .inadequate to meet the circum- stances of the time, and asking Par- liament to pass a general measure greatly curtailing the hours of open- ing of licensed houses and clubs, and Igiving the licensing authority in every district full discretionary powers. Sir Victor Horsley', the eminent doctor, who attended the meeting, made an onslaught upon the army of ' brewers and distillers "that hangs upon our flanks to rob us of our re- serves to the extent of 60,000 every year"; he also condemned the giving of rum to the soldiers at the front. "stuff," which, he said, "spells defeat for the British Arniy. It saps the energy of the' soldier, confuses his senses, spoils his shooting, but, above I all, destroys his morals and his dis- cipline." I A petition has been presented on 1 ' this subject of earlier closing in War- rington. What, may we ask, has become of it?

THE DREGS OF THE POPULATION.

Trade in Warrington has not been adversely affected by the war ; in fact, the demands of the Government for iron, wire, leather and rubber goods have made us busier than ever. So many men have gone to the war that there is a difficulty in meeting the orders, and much overtime has had to be worked. Men have been largely advertised for, and those who usually tramp from town to town, ostensibly , looking for work, have been stopped by the agents of some of the larger firms and offered jobs. Touting for labour is certainly a novelty, but des- perate needs require desperate means. Nin looking for work, and men who will work when they have found it,

. -

===== 0002601_19141017_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914.

are different things_ Some of these knights of the road have looked at the job offered, and, promptly pronounc- ing against it, have resumed their end- less pilgrimage. Others have made a start and succumbed, some in half a day, some in half a week, but very few have survived the ordeal of earning their living for a longer period. Here we have proof of the absolute need there is for declining to give alms indiscriminately. Able-bodied men who won't work in these times cer- tainly should not eat. We have better and more urgent need for our food-stuffs.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD SUGGESTION.

Many municipalities are asking the Government to allow them to suspend the repayment of their loans, and Warrington is one of these. No one would be the loser, the effect being that the repayments would fall on the community later, when the war is over. Present payment of interest would proceed. We in Warrington are now repaying loans to the amount' of £35,000 a year, and a great deal of good could be done with this amount during the period of the war. If relief works become necessary, which we all hope will not be the case, this sum would be available, but there are other expenses in view, such as the cost of making. Provision for War refugees on a large scale, in accord- ance with the desire of the Govern- ment. The Local Government Board have not yet ,sanctioned this suspen- sion of the Sinking Fund.

WOULD PLEASE THE KAISER. If the German Emperor could be informed of the scare a meteor caused in this part of the country on Tuesday night he would be highly satisfied with himself. A large part of his policy is to terrorise civilian populations, and we seem to be fairly well on the way to the state of nervousness that would please him when we frighten ourselves into the belief that bombs have been dropped here and there, because a light has been seen and a noise heard. In ordinary times these extraordinary revelations are seen about„ and just after "turning out time ''; but Tues- day's visitation took place about nine o'clock. As it was seen and heard in a large part of two counties at the same moment, it was clear that the airship theory that was promptly started could not be maintained. The scien- tific meh laid the ghost to rest, but there has been much gazing skywards since, and on Wednesday the writer saw groups peering at a large brilliant star, which they were trying to delude themselves into believing was swing- ing. With a little encouragement they would have made the light into an airship signal.

RELIEF FUNDS. The local contributions to the National Relief Fund is now within, a few pounds of £4,000. ' Over £7O has been contributed to the local war relief fund ; and besides substantial gifts to the Belgian Fund, over £lOO was raised by means of the Belgian tea on Thurs- day, the promoters of which are to be highly congratulated on the result.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE'S ' -ACTIVITY.

At next Monday's meeting of thel Education Committee the render of I Mr. H. Fairclough, for the building of Parr-street Council School for £7,896, will be submitted for acceptance. The appointment of a whole-time dentist to superintend the teeth of the scholars of the town, at a salary of £250, will be recommended, and the consent to the appointment of Mrs. Alice Cromp- ton, as head mistress of the Infants' Department of St. Ann's School will be sought. . Mr. H. C. Emmerson having taken up a Civil Service appointment and declined to accept the 'Warrington University Scholar- ship, the School Management Com- mittee recommend that it be awarded to William E. Mason.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR STORIES.

NNTARRINGTON QUINTET FIGHT SIDE BY SIDE. The men of the Royal Naval Brigade were among the last of the troops to leave Antwerp after the terrific bombardment, and a leading seaman serving with them, who is claimed by Warrington as a worthy son, yesterday gave a representative of " The Examiner" some details of the evacuation of the famous old Belgian cathedral city. Incidentally, he said: " There were five Warrington lads in my lot, and we-all stuck together. We fought shoulder to shoulder in the trenches, and we are now all together in Warrington. "Although I say it myself, 40,000 of us put up a good fight against 170,000 men, provided with tremendous siege guns, as they were. "There are some hard-hearted fellows in our brigade," said the interviewed, "but they dropped more than one tear as they saw the Belgian women and children clearing out of their homes."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EASY MATTER TO HIT THE

I

ENEMY: . Private T_lnstead, who belongs to Hailsham, Sussex, and who has been serving in the fighting line with the South Lancashires, is now in Orford Barracks, suffering from a wound in the head caused by a piece of shrapnel. He told our reporter that whilst he was lying uncon- scious on the ground one of the wheels of a British transport waggon ran over his left foot, and thus added to his injuries. "It was," he said, "a very easy matter to hit the enemy, as they came along like a swarm of bees."

ON THE AISNE. Interviewed by an "Examiner" man yester- day, a South Lanes. corporal, whose home is in the Bank Quay district, described his share in the Battle of the Aisne. "The German shells," he said, "came hurtling through the air play. ing tunes. When it came the turn of the Lan.- cashires to cross a bridge over the river at Vaillai the shells were falling so thickly that it resembled a hailstorm, so it was decided that we should not attempt the crossing that day. In the half-light of early dawn the following day, however, we again essayed to cross the bridge, and with the help of God we succeeded. "I was in charge of a number of men, and we got cut off from the rest," he continued. "Then Lieutenant Wadson came to us. He was a hero. We were making a bayonet charge, and he said, Push on,' lads!' As soon as_ the Germans saw us coming they ran away and screamed like women, but all at once a whistle sounded for us to cease firing, as the Getmans were going to surrender. We laid down wait- ing, and then some of our men -stood up again and began to walk towards the enemy, and as soon as they did so they were shot down. " Sergeant-Major Gasby, who was a War- rington man, was standing with a group of eight other men, when a shell burst in their midst and killed them all. We pushed on, and as we were preparing to charge, a bullet hit me on the hand and then went through my thigh. As I lay on the ground I heard our fellows cheering."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN WISDOM.

might the Supreme Right; Christianity Irrelevant.

A DELUDED PEOPLE.

BY C. E. PARKER.

The outbreak of war, and the part Germany played in it, has been a surprise to many. This surprise deepens into amazement as day after day we read of the brutality of the German Army, the violation of the humane rules laid down by the Hague Convention (to which Ger- many was a party), and the wanton destruction of many of the world's choicest treasures. It is only when we study the ideas which have prevailed in Germany during the last, say, 20 or 30 years that we can find the explanation of these strange happenings. Doubtless your readers have seen frequent references in recent speeches to such books as Bernhardi's and Pro- fessor Cramb's, and especially allusions to the great German philosophers, Nietzsche and Treitschke. We know that such works have been widely read and exercised a great influence over the German people. It may be useful, particularly to those who have not the oppor- tunity of perusing such books, to give the gist of their teaching. It is customary to blame Emperor William for this war, to think of him as a reckless autocrat,ic Ruler, who has dragged his country to the edge of an abyss and pushed them over; or, if the Emperor is not wholly blamed, the onus is put on a small group of Prussian Junkers, who form the Prussian military caste.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN PEOPLE'S EVIL CHOICE.

A perusal of the books named and a knowledge of the wide influence they have exerted, shows that the spirit we attribute to the Emperor and his immediate advisers is shared by a large and representative section of the German nation, so much so that we can almost speak of it as a national feeling. This reversion to barbariim is not the retrogressive of a few and the result of the war spirit; it is-the calculated and wil- ful choice of .a large section of the German people. They have chosen the worst and so sacrificed their national life. It is in Bernhardi's book, " Germany and the Next War," that we find the pleinest evidences of the spirit that brought about the European. cataclysm. Bernhardi is a reti.red German Cavalry General, and this book ap- peared about three years ago. He is the prac- tical man ,of war, and a good deal of his writ• ing is taken up with the military problems of the war which he sees looming ahead, the war which he considers inevitable, which if not begun by others, Germany must precipitate. There is little doubt the portions of the book which in any way can be considered philo- sophical is largely borrowed from the teaching of Treitschke. The following quotations from Bernhardi embody Treitschke's teaching. At least they do so according to this writer, al- though I fancy the philosopher if alive would demur to being commandeered to stlpport all that German militarism stands for:—

"We are accustomed to regard war as a curse, and refuse to recognise it as the greatest factor in the furtherance of culture and power." "German people are the greatest civilised people known to history." "We must not hold back in the hard struggle for the sovereignty of the world." "The man of strong will and intellect tries by every means to assert him Self, the ambi- tious strive to rise, and in this effort the individual is far from being guided merely by the consciousness of right." "Right is respected so far only as it is compatible with advantaga" In such cases .might gives the right to occupy or to conquer. Might is at once the supreme right, and the dispute as to what is right is decided by the arbitrament of war. War gives a biologically just decision, since its decisions rest on the very nature of things." " Love God above all things, and thy neighbour as thyself.' This law can claim no significance for the relations of one coun- try to another, since its application to Politics would lead to a conflict of duties. . . . Christian morality is personal and social, and in.its nature cannot be political." "The acts of the State cannot be judged by the standard of individual morality. . • • The raorality of the State must be judged by the nature and raison d'etre of the State, and not of the individual citizen. But the end-all and be-all of a State is power, and 'He who is not man enough to look this truth in the face should not meddle in politics.'"

WAR TO DECIDE. In spite of his repudiation of morality and Christian ethics as a guide in the conduct of nations, the writer entertains a strange idea about the influence of Germany on the progress of the world. , "A war fought and lost . . . would throw us back centuries, would shake the influence of German thought in the civilised world, and thus check the general progress of man- kind in its healthy development, for which a flourishing Germany is the essential condi- tion. Our next war will be fought for the highest interests of our country and of man- kind." Having thus settled to his own satisfaction that Germany must assume the sovereignty of the world, and this in the highest interest of man- kind, he proceeds to tell us how.this war should be brought about. "The greatness of true statesmanship con- sists in a knowledge of the natural trend of affairs, and in a just appreciation of the value of the controlling forces, Which it uses and guides in its own interest. It does not shrink,, from the conflicts, which under the iven con- ditions are unavoidable, but decides ;them resolutely by war when a favourable position affords prospect of a successful issue. In this way statecraft becomes a tool of Providence, 'which employs the human will to attain its . ends." Like the Kaiser, Bernhardi links Providence with the German cause. What conceptions he holds of the nature of what he calls Providence it is difficult to determine, but his God is cer- tainly not the All Father of the Christian Faith. Bernhardi tells with wonderful frankness the course the war is likely to take, and describes under what conditions it will be fought. There is a significant reference to Belgium's neutrality in this work. Why it is introduced is hot unless it is born of the idea at the balk 'of the writer's mind that the first move in the cam- paign should be that Germany *should strike at France through Belgium. Bernhardi's point is "That when Belgium was proclaimed neutral, no one contemplated that she would lay claim to a valuable region of Africa (Congo State)," and he says "That a State whose neutrality is guaranteed has no right to enter into political competition with the guaranteeing States." As to England respecting the neutrality of ' the small States (Denmark, Holland and Bel- gium) lie evidently has as low an opinion of this country as of his own.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREDIRLE THAT ENGLAND WOULD BE

HONEST.

He says "that En—gia-r-id- -Would pay much attention to the neutrality of weaker neigh- bours when stich a stake was at issue is hardly credible." It must be a surprise to him why we should at the moment faithfully respect Holland's neutrality by not making use of the Scheldt to reach our Allies' fortress of Antwerp. He tells us "the plan might be formed of anticipating the enemy by a sudden attack, instead of waiting passively for him to attack first, and of opening the war." With charac- teristic frankness he discusses the part England is likely to play in the next war. He says: "It is not unlikely that revolutions might break out in India and Egypt, if England's forces were long occupied with a European War. It is very questionable whether the English Army is capable of effectively acting on the offensive against Continental European troops." While acknowledging England's overwhelm- ing superiority on the sea, he says: "Our ships' cannons will probably show a superiority over the English, and our torpedo fleet, by its reck- less energy, excellent training, and daring spirit of adventUre, will make up some of the numerical disadvantage." Ridging England by his own standard, he thinks that we committed an unpardonable blunder (i.e., in our own (Continued in next column.)

_

===== 0002601_19141017_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR BELGIAJI GUESTS ARRIVE 7

War Victims are given Civic Welcome by the Mayor

===== 0002601_19141017_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MEMORABLE SCENES AT THE 'aril TION AND TOWN HALL.

Sixteen Belgians arrived in Warrington on Wednesday evening, and are now comfortably quartered at St. Austin's House, Bold-street, which has been placed at the disposal of the local War Refugees Committee so generously by Mr. Robert Pierpoint, who witnessed their departure from London earlier in the day. The scene round about Bank Quay Station and on the platform was one which will be perma- nently imprinted in the minds of all who wit- , nessed it. A large number of Warrington's sons and daughters anxiously awaited the arrival of the 2.40 p.m. train from London with its homeless passengers. They took up their positions shortly before six o'clock, and several ladies and gentlemen had assembled on the platform along with the Mayor and Mayoress, members of the Council, and a number of those who con- stitute the War Refugees Committee. At about 6.25 the lights of the approaching train were seen, and as the train came to a standstill and it was ascertained that the party had travelled in the rear portion, those on the platform hurried forward. They were now a , silent, almost suffering, group, for were they not looking upon those who had lost everything they held dear defendinr, their country against the heartless braggart of Germany?

"There they are !"wa uttered in nothing more than a respectful whisper by almost every- one, as the Belgians alighted and became a pathetic little platform knot around their be- longings—insignificant in quantity or bulk, but very significant in meaning.

predation the English people had for the bravery and courage of the Belgians. Father Primavesi also addressed the gather- ing in French, and Mrs. Captain Bell spoke to the guests in Flemish. Councillor ROBERTS proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor for the opportunity he had given them of meeting their Belgian friends and the hospitality he had shown to them. (Hear, hear.) They all echoed the kind, earnest and sympathetic words the Mayor had addressed to the guests, and they would all do their best to make their friends happy and comfortable whilst they were in Warrington. It was pos- sible that arrangements would be made very shortly for more of their Belgian friends. (Hear, hear.) Three hearty cheers were given for the Mayor and Mayoress, and in reply the MAYOR said he had only done his duty, which he felt they all ought to do.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
STRICKEN BUT NOT DEJECTED.

Four or five small parcels Were all that these people had in the world. But did they appear as those who were there to welcome them ex-: pected? No doubt all were fearing a dejected, forlorn and pitiable batch, but they were pleas- urably disappointed. The men, women and children gave practical proof that a people who have suffered only as these have, know how to bear their troubles bravely and quietly. Their homes might have been burned to the ground, old land marks and pleasant haunts of youth might have been obliterated, but still they were undaunted, optimistic, and beautifully confi- dent. Perhaps they were additionally happy in the knowledge that they were in England, the home of liberty, and the land that has sol- emnly undertaken to help them to right their great wrong. The party consisted of a mother and father with four children, a mother and father with two children, a mother and father with one child, and two young wounded soldiers, who wore their army great coats. Miss Wilkinson, of Sunnyside, Latchford, and Father Primavesi acted as interpreters. After the Mayor and Mayoress had been intro- duced and had formally welcomed the guests, the civic bead, along with Alderman Bennett, who proudly shouldered a diminutive refugee, led the way from the station, and the party, smiling cordial thanks, passed through the blip of patient watchers below to waiting taxis, in which, by way of Bridge-street, they were con- veyed to the Town Hall, where a splendid high tea had been prepared for them. Cheer after cheer was given them as they mtered the taxis.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE TOWN HALL.

When the taxis arrived the Town Hall and the passengers made their way up the steps, led by Councillor Roberts with a baby in his arms, the people again cheered and again became awe- struck as one stately lady, deyoid of hat or coat, smiled a sweet smile of acknowledgment from tear-dimmed eyes. Amongst those who were gathered in the hall were the Mayor and Mayoress, Alderman Ben- nett, Councillors Roberts and Archer, Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Canon Willis, Fathers Primavesi and Tallon, Miss Wilkinson, Mrs. Henry Roberts, Mrs. V. B. Davies, Mrs. F. A. Frost, Mrs. Osborne, Mrs. Ralph Johnson, Mrs. Voisey, Mrs. Geary, Mine. Herzog, Mrs. Fair- hurst, Mrs. Carleton, Mrs. Pemberton, Mrs. John Evans, Miss Waring and Miss Broadbent. As the refugees filed into the Council Cham- ber, which had been tastefully decorated with flags of the Allies, they presented an impressive appearance to the sympathetic onlookers. They quite enjoyed the tea, over which. the Mayor presided; and seemed quite happy as they an- swered various questions put to them. Council- lor Roberts aptly put it to Our representative: "They seem much more cheerful than I ex- pected. They have had a little rest in London, and that has done them good. I think they look surprisingly well under the circumstances." It was ascertained that one of the soldiets, along with his wife and children, had been turned out of Malines, which place, he said, had been bombarded ten times. -Another, who was wounded, had come with his family from Ant- werp, whilst one male member of the party stated that he does not know where his wife's parents nor his four-year-old child are. His mother was in hospital at Ghent and he does not know what has become of her. The meal passed off successfully, very little difficulty having been experienced in ascertain- ing the needs of the guests. The refugees smiled their acknowledgment of any act of ser- vice with a grateful " Merci, Monsieur," or " Merci, Madamoiselle." ' j Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell had catered in excel- lent fashion, and had arranged the tables beautifully. •

===== 0002601_19141017_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR'S WELCOME.

In the course of his ;:peecliT'o-f—;;Tel.come, the MAYOR said: We are gathered here to welcome to our ancient borough our Belgian guests. I beg to offer them, in the name of Warrington, our warmest hospitality. I can assure them that during their stay we shall do all we can to make them comfortable and happy. (Hear, hear.) We in England owe a great 'deal to Bel- gium in defending their beautiful country so gallantly and so brilliantly, and stopping the rush of the Prussian murderers. Such vitality, heroism' and sacrifice on the part of our friends deserves not only the appreciation of England, but of all the civilised world. I little thought a few months ago, when I, along with Mayors of various other boroughs in England, enjoyed the hospitality of the Brussels Cor- poration, that our excellent friends in Belgium would have to come to the position they have. Little did I think when they tried to outdo each other in making the English Mayors very wel- come that it would be my lot, unfortunately, to-night to entertain some of the Belgian people in this Town Hall. I shall never forget the generous way in which the Belgian %people ' treated us when we visited them officially, and I feel quite sure I am voicing the feelings of the whole of Warrington when I say that we shall feel no sacrifice too great to end this cruel and vile tyranny of German arrogance. (Hear, hear.) We welcome you to Warrington. We are sorry you have had to come here, but while you are here we shall give you a right down English welcome in gratitude of the service you have done for us. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Robert Pierpoint has wired from London stating that his wife is ill and cannot come here. You will stay in Mr. Pierpoint's house, which is fur- nished very nicely, and I hope you will be very comfortable. I take this first public oppor- tunity of thanking the Ladies' Committee who haVe worked so well to make the quarters so very nice and comfortable. I am sorry Mr. Pierpoint is not here, but I am sure you will be happy in your new surroundings. (Ap- plause.) Miss Wilkinson conveyed the Mayor's speech to the Belgians in French, and spoke of the ap-

GERMAN WlSDOM—continued. interest) in not supporting the Southern States' of America in the Civil War, because by allow- ing North America to become united we allowed a powerfu) rival to our world-wide Empire to he built ulp in the West. , In this, as indeed all through the book, the outlook is altogether low and sordid, his German culture grovels on the earth, and he ascribes to other nations motives as unworthy as those of the land for which he speaks. The Germans having repudiated all respect for international morality, have lost their power of appreciating the motives of the nations whose respect for this is steadily on the increase.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW " HOME."

One of the refugees briefly returned thanks to their host, and then the party made their way to St. Austin's House, where everything had been prepared for the guests. The rooms have been arranged with artistic taste, the piano and other pieces of furniture being very handsome—a striking contrast to the smoking ruins in Belgium. There is a nursery for the children, with a beautiful large rocking horse, and this room will be used as a smoke- room for the men dur;ng the evening. The Belgians will, without doubt, find the rest, quiet and content, for which they have been longing, within these walls.

THE HOME MANAGEMENT. The following ladies and ger tlemen consti- tute the War Refugees Committee, which has done such good work: The Mayor (Alderman Peacock), Mr. Robert Pierpoint (chairman), Councillor Roberts (vice-chairman), the Mayoress, Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Carleton, Mrs. Vere B. Davies; Councillor Dr. Fox, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Frost, Mrs. Geary, Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, Mms. Herzog, Mrs. H. Jolley, Miss Lawrence, Mrs. Osborne, Mrs. R. Pember- ton, Mrs. R. Pierpoint, the Rev. Father Prim- avesi, Mrs. H. Roberts, Mlle. Ronan, Mr. J. E. Seeker, Rev. Father Tallon, Mrs. Voisey, Miss Waring, Miss Watkin, and the Rev. Father Wilson. . .

The House Sub-committee consists of the Mayor, Mr. Pierpoint (chairman), Mrs. Vere B. Davies (vice-chairman), the Mayoress, Mrs. F. A. Frost, Mrs. Geary, Mme. Herzog, Mrs. R. Johnson, Mrs. Lawrence, Mrs. Osborne, Mrs. R. Pierpoint, Mrs. H. Roberts, Councillor Robeifts, Mlle. Ronan, Mrs. Voisey, Miss Waring and Miss Watkia, Mr. John Fairhurst is the hon. treasurer, and Mr. J. Lyon Whittle the hon. secretary.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BELGIANS INTERVIEWED. 'Charred Remains in Fire-witted

Homes.

Yesterday an "Examiner" reporter paid a visit to St. Austin's House, and had brief in- terviews with one or two of the guests to whom Warrington is proud and pleased to be able to accord shelter and hospitality in these troub- lous days. He found the whole of the party in wonderfully good spirits considering, and full of appreciation and gratitude for what is being done to lessen the sore burden that the war has imposed upon them. The Belgians are a nice' noted for their independence of spirit and every; ,naiss has been taken in housing and catering for; these poor people, to let them feel that such kindness as we are able to show to them is not extended out of mere charity, but from a sense of duty, and as a poor, but well-intentioned, return for the gallant services the little nation, to which they have the hon- our of belonging, has rendered to her bigger brothers in this most terrible of all wars.

TOYS FOR THE TINY TOTS. , Everything possible is being done foi the comfort of the refugees, and to help them to forget the hardships they have undergone, the perils they have passed through, and the losses they have suffered. Pipes and tobacco have been supplied to the men, and it would glad- den the heart of the donors to see the relish with which the men puff away, whilst the women are no less delighted with the more feminine comforts supplied by kindly-hearted friends, and they exhibit with pride and evi- dent joy the fal-lals and frills—so dear to the heart of womenkind all the world over—which have fallen to their lot from the big pile of clothes and fripperies contributed from the boudoirs' of the town. The children have not been forgotten. Toys, old and new, have been showered upon them, and the special favourite is a big rocking-horse, whieti is so overworked that were it of flesh and blood the R.S.P.C.A. would inevitably be called upon to intervene. To see the smiling faces of the Belgian tots and hear their happy, care-free laughter, one would hardly imagine that they had so lately been within the sound of the death-dealing guns, and had gazed with their sparkling young eyes upon the wastage and ruin of war.

GRATEFUL GUESTS. One of the refugees with whom our represen- tative—aided by the kindly offices of the Rev. ' Father Primavesi, as interpreter and prompter —had a conversation, was loud in his gratitude of "Les Anglais"—he would never forget it; it was magnificent. Asked to speak of himself, he gave his name as Tbeophil Rens, and said that prior to the war he followed the occupa- tion of a boatman. He was in Termonde when the historic engagement in the neighbourhood of that town took place. The population had to take to their heels—leaving everything ex- cept the most easily,- portable of their chattels behind them—and make for Louvain as quickly as possible. But it was only a case of "jump- ing out of the frying pan into the fire," for soon after he had found shelter and succour in "the Oxford of Belgium," the town was bom- barded, and as many of the people as possible fled elsewhere. Every man able to bear arms was called upon to aid, and M. Rens was not slow in offering his services. The major under whom he was acting was killed during the fighting, which raged all night, and continued well into the next day. At daybreak the Bel- gians were compelled to fight a fierce rear- guard action, and, harassed all the way, they eventually reached Malines.

FIERCE FIGHTING IN A WOOD. The battle that took place in the neighbour- hood of that town, M. Hens described as awful —too awful for words, he insisted, with an expressive shrug of the shoulders and an up- lifting of his hands. Nevertheless, he was induced to give a few particulars. The battle, he said, raged all round the town. The Ger- mans kept coming and going—now advancing, now retiring. For hours the battle swayed backwards and forwards, and for a long time the plucky Belgian riflemen forced the Ger- mans to seek the shelter of a neighbouring wood, from which, though many times outnum- bering the defenders, they did not dare to come Out until considerable reinforcements came up. Meanwhile, from the thickets the huge German guns poured out death and destruction. When, eventually, the Germans did emerge, they were soon driven back again, and eventually the order was given to follow them among the trees and clear them out at all costs. The task was a terrific one, and M. Rens said he would never forget the terrible charge across the open land that fringed the outlying thickets. The Bel- gians suffered terribly, but they accomplished their end, and for a long time they held the wood in spite of repeated attacks, alternating with terrific gun fire. Eventually, however, they were forced to retreat within their own lines. For several days the battle was waged in the neighbourhood of the wood, and even- tually, when it was discovered that the Ger- mans had got their heavy siege guns into posi- tion, and were beginning to bombard the city, it was deemed advisable to withdraw.

KING AND HIS COMRADES IN ARMS. The next fight in which M. Rens was engaged was in the neighbourhood of Wierde, and he

relates, with pride, how that in that battlete the King of the Belgians was Preeellt' eafnal thati on one side of him rode a Fren IP ch GeT„,,er a 1 nd on the other side a British General. A, 1 remained in the firing line for some One,, w °_. t ' hough shells were bursting all round the J lion , King Albert standing up in an exPosecli)°slitle and watching the progress of the ba through his field-glasses. After the withdrawal from Dialines, proceeded with the troops to, SemPet; they found that the invader had firea A—T• he , every house and two huge workshops.„ ;Ss, cattle had been burned to death in the 'ire- ' and, more horrible still, in some of the hich gutted houses were human reinains 'st,arnt went to show that the peasants had bee" to d eath in their own homes. During t" „ii as t• ' treat the troops had to cross a river, a'-'-' the large company of them were crossing, ipi, , i structure gave way, and scores were t Pth,ecisg ; .atad into the water, many of the n1_:" to drowned. Subsequently it became necelme defend the banks of the River Nethe. little distance away were two boats, one %ail , the Dutch flag and the other the Gel-yseri haohladoauLos.nnedT;hefehtobbtoa:hs ewnerae mthioduagighhtttepahtitrovie oftst out to investigate they found that the its Patrol being amybutiscleadereed kelter 1 pered that they had to fly helter-s better shelter. • I,fia Germans saos 9aevderelyi'vel;t; l. M. Rens had reluctantly to leave the fig'ith, hiine, owing to a complete breakdown in 1161 s heart being seriously affected.

FROM PILLAR TO P°Sl'. Young Man's Story of the Flight Iro Malines. fae,,ea, Another of the refugees—A smilingly refused his name, told o Plea°— young man, aged somewhere in the twentiet3;peri' f hteent,.°l ences in Malines during the bonihalnrs, that historic town. The German g1111,.%t tle said, seemed to make a special targeL vlhere magnificent old tower of the cathedral.,tv, let the not a single Belgian soldier the el to h o, e Germans continued to shell the 0011 indeed, the interviewed says that the 01;0' attack on the defenceless town was nsbotl' that he counted no fewer than seventr-sic`„. intended for the tower alone, in one hel",; ol" a result of the bombardment the gleti°dt- Tte pile was practically levelled to the greetititeot).r attack took place at night, and withte Oe ininutes of the firing of the first shell the mans were in the town. l° KILLED IN BED. The third shell that was fired killed peeoaf who were in bed. The Belgian troops a weit'lohet° t hand, and, regardless of the greet the arrayed against them, they dashed in a te sci'" nd engaged in a fierce the hand-to-hand bik— enemy, during which they succerd,el43s taring a siege gun that was so heacY ti to ctrfir taken no fewer than thirty-six hors° itido' it into position. The Belgian idlers P stuck to the town as long as ever the ° blrotclttilte. fierce street fighting taking place throng „re night, but at daylight the 7;al inforced and fighting every inch of th,e/1713-effh; gallant defenders were driven back- , .a.cl gians lost—ah ! it is a sad word!' "1,-pi lr4 speaker, with an expressive silake of 6- and a gesture of despair. il During the terrible struggle s-iireci(l 5 and followed the entry into Malines, oleD .t interviewed, the Belgians 'were 1051tig,4. the V'u the rate of about a thousand a cla,r• de...prg t signs of the German attack the citizens t lit,Owt ake to flight, fleeing helter skelter te„ar Oro; tions, many of them reaching Lierre, da°tes 'tiof where they were temporarily accoultlitliose buildings capable' of holding nineY of people.

GRATITUDE FOR WARRIN GENEROSITY. _ From Ghent the hulk of the fleeinkirl of Malines were transferred to Ostelluti tunity occurred, and there they t tive calm and safety, though little of such comfort as their English ii offering them, for they had to sleeP of the schools and other public bill Ostend they received- their passP°rtg land.

"England l" said the speaker, ivlL'ord'..; 01' tion that told the listener that the ?Ole:, tile from the heart, "England the 11ll°,130;,111' people understand our miseries; land where we have been received „pory'roo kindness. Padre, let me take this °,ve gelleont of thanking the kind English, and, fordotr people of Warrington, in paTtiCel' they have done for us. We are 'yen.' <ea" ful." frail Saying this, the young man rose and held out his hand.

ANOTHER HARBOUR OF /I' A Penketh Home-B—eing C'lcPt Pe%do)b't' The use of the residence of the la',,te lle';'11 ;IC; Garntett—Hall Nook, Penketh---Jree for cepted by. the National Comsaw Housing of Belgian Refugees. to ~,ir _, tilecAlefS The house is admirably adaPte' •rf le oiS' fo i Nse, being large, and possessing es;f convenience. -0411 ceieo expected dty c t tli t ilial'eot 114 t abi y war victims accommodatell3ollll: O and it stands in the four acres f gardens, shrubberie's'ae s a s 5 jillt le. will no doubt add to it ttractite...;-, eyes of the guests, whentheY 9ri'biee.t°odvte thought that the menfolk maY be, Pr , in the gardens with a view to geeli "n-g oefev' for T i ti eh er etiaubglee. e s of s• do all their owwnh afforded facilities for making g-r-e rd•ge; themselves, and, if possible, for elghti-A-oier. own countrymen who may still ben ore "to 44,, the front, just as the English wOlll, et,",bi4. f°,' for their warrior-menfolk. The 0e; Sankey and Penketh have been ,ilV.oo:4lefly. loans and gifts of furniture, ano ..ii- pits of the Penketh Parish tdl;icedve• henoutsehewYorck°,lllae;llltih:eei:tellifOiCi, Churches the people have been gee 01 scribe to the fund for the maintee- NI foe/ refugees. Almost all the neeeseeles O.,e' e' is already forthcoming, and Prercl fru' te supplies and money are coming "II gt°ll it; quarters. rill The Roman Catholics of "Tv :“. this specially interesting thin eselves i11,,„t PIA- eir' indeed, bearing in mind the fact t'''of wt air the refugees will be co-religionistls4 geest,efs, they have taken up the matter Isli, ha!, kf thusiasm. An efficient comillit'-5 io nesv" appointed, and the Roman Catholiehe call f v trict are generously responding te tthose4 upon them, their offers, added Wiepi it p residents of the Penketh and San"-,0 I' foi being on such a munificent sor`le:fageo assure the maintenance a the parj if fie period of six months. re 11° e t'e cil A band of willing workers a r cso s'i#Fo engaged in preparing this hiqb,?/1.0-illr,de Skjve and it is expected that everytiunb„,e Voto'ee for the reception of the guests reoe:4lo week. It is intended to form a l'elPoopn" j committee to take charge of the or,- pr work. A whist drive and dance is .b_velpft.,,,g 1,-„ner ceeds of which will be devotedfor October 30th, at Great Salivlively" te fund. immommw..... . . • • . . . . . '''' ' '''' . . . ... f S ON THE 1-IAII4I Aso _____, , Vsl* MR. CROSFIELD'S -° SEAMAN V cogetroVfl, ,avai lig fof Mr. A. H. Crosfield's cousin, -I; ojoglvOtl'od A. Dickson, is amongst the ein9r. P,l,tecidrene the Hawke. He is the son e` b f ete° "ilie 'ter Marlowe,, who, it will be reineul• a e ' S•e4 ile maw 01 le the large gathering at the (31)-A- ed tft ,0 Crosfield Memorial Hall. ' en had • h day that the missing office - *o° Ad. 141' Hawke this summer, having Dartmouth. avenue, was 0010. eet, Of/,0, !, aSseaa and da.G:onhin nen v 5.... Air oeileihaoot e. ;de -aivesvfefririros;o:,:alt:lolooto lived with his sister at 3, SYtll:4 crly9s a cc?' 1 i n lyears9ol, .aof da g,' Seaman being P nyir, #løø 1 sively on-t*embroke, Abe 0 00(1,0v of Amazon. -ite', had only beellened to 'llB/10jeioci about 12 months and Was Fe iel ed Or h e goiegis 00s o A f ugust Monday. ile,j°llast ~, eatif4o 1 Queenstown, and in toe.d he .dell„:ie oiiven. received from him he salful. P-the - right and was quite cheer tea in Liverpool, and was egtlCs • Blue Coat School.

4.0

-...di

•

lear—• 019 t iust VC'

ItWarrington's Blind Workers. Ikaas reported by the Secretary (Mr. Chas. Coo '!* at a meeting of the Trades and Labour 134L1T1, held on Tuesday evening, that the local ef the National League of the Blind 11,411-17 affiliation. There were, he stated, forty 148 -yrs of the League in Warrington, and it iregistered as a trade union. It was de. to admit the League to membership.

'the d 1 "Business as Usual.', eegates to the Trades and Labour Conn- - ,sideat their meeting on Tuesday evening, con- . Daetred a letter from the Independent Labour ' oe ,Y, asking their views as to the desirability t fercknerwise of proceeding with thq annual con- , tC'e'a of that body, in view of the present teiit-It was reported that the Executive Corn- etle""e of the Council thought that the confer- : q 8 4 ould be held as usual, the Secretary (Mr. det.e,s) explaining that the reason for that ttio.,tll Was that it was felt that if the Labour too,,'ent required anything at the present : eee7ftt it was a sounding board, and, in a theB-et'_that was what the conference was. In the Labour world, as in the commercial world, tnotto should be, "Business as usual." ~ A hi,,,,,Weleome to St. Peter's. ,iit, j rq' successful conversazione was held in °an-street Schoolroom on Monday evening, Joh': a hearty welcome was given to the Rev. I,Ajartin, the newly-appointed curate of 1 4irj,,e'et's Church, and Mr. Fairchild, the T, s'''aPpointed Church Army Captain. Mr. 4 9 • Steel (Vicar's warden) presided, and ,sured ~, "le gentlemen mentioned that the 11 4F,ifsi.: of the parish would give them every %Vice and encouragement in their power. P re 7, s'., n were also delivered by the Rev. 3,4 , Nterl (vicar) and the Rev. John Martin an , A 1 airchild. : Li, 111)111nical programme included violin solos b. P:' 4-, • Bates, songs by Mrs. Booth and Miss quir`telval, and quartets by members of the : kili'viz., Messrs. Reddish, J. Warburton, T. 1 Sc,` and H. Sudlow.

au 11011 Cripples' Guild : Openinu • Concert. ..rxecutive Committee of the Cripples' thels endeavouring to continue then first activities 7ganisatio as usual, and the i of a seii" .P 1 entertainments was given to the mem- Ndn_lo, the Bold-street Wesleyan Hall on jsaay, , t bi°Peoing part of the programme consisted 41! R games, the helpers joining the members of draughts, dominoes and other suit- Aft-'-tasements. kitlef mintier, largely provided through the 111,,54C88 of several sympathisers with the move- ' 1 items were rendered by Mr. W. Itißb a i•hez .;..Y and Miss, Annie White. The pieces °si•, :ere very much appreciated by the mem- 'll4 hearty encores and merry smiles to testi- pleasure which the songs gave. uasket-makiug and sewing classes will ",Nalloo next week, and it is hoped that. ltfiltaanY other avenues of charitable activ- "ls -,.„',work of the Guild will not suffer during e-'"ing winter.

3.,ifi' i'v „kt ,Annpensation for Loss of Son. mky, L'e Warrington County Court on Thurs: ista "fOl'e His Honour Judge I Gurner, Samuel . (hiffftlis' carting contractor, he.ainhectd Pearn £75 I Fearnhead, claimed ilDensation for the loss of his son, Horace t, %from Charles H. Harrison, corn mer- :y !arnhead.—Fo,r the Plaintiff, Mr. , aid that the ouili' who was 19 years 3.4. had been employed by Mr. Harrison as CMwas killed through the horse be- g t rss• . Iv, • iNe and the cart ring over him. .11 death his mother was losing ss. 6d. :e.. k, and the father claimed a sum equal it'` lriount, calculated on a basis of years, that deceased would not, in all pro- . J nave got married before ,he was 24 ~ ef ,de ahe.—Mr. W. B. Forshaw.,, for the re- of is lit. submitted that compensation on a 5 8. 6d. per week for three ;or years would tfl'o reasonable.—H is Honour gave judgment Plaintiff for .00, including funeral ex- Iv and allowed costs. • 44(11All Men's Infirmary Committee: Mr. Crosfield's Offer. r. 14 i'ann Hon. ounced by the Secretary - tlizilij J. Hampson), at a meeting of the ,-Iten's Infirmary Committee on Wed- ,-1(1 lit, over which Mi. George Walker .") e-' that t Mr. Arthur H. Crosfielid, 'll 1(1 line time ago offered, iv-: slll-ce 14/4 with Mrs. Crosfield, '.eo -48 concert in aid of the ffilliciendsg of i .11'hlittee, had written to ask Corn- -Ihs ihT tile circumstances that had arisen, to ht,:i' Proceeds of the concert to go to the 'V i'„4441. Refugee Funds. tle-':(ttion of the acceptance olifethPerasmugisge4-n, a second concert in the Spring, 1 '4wl funds of the Committee. The con- d be held in the Parr Hall or Theatre Co'iti,c Snitable to the Committee, , ''lnen',lttoe would run them, e iem, I lo tilti while would 'meetl ilks. es' The offer was accepted with jcl 4.eeided t'o apportion the .14475. 5d., the open-air musical festival, as the Infirmary, to meet the cost of 'Ol il't of wounded soldiers, £4O; to the St. loi,'kbabldatee Corps, towards the cost of g v°l 4hteers oil service, .t 4 7s. od. 1.,, tx lA, '? 'll of Leather PrOhibited. 44 'lalla continues brisk for leather of all kttli 8 bita.bie for Government work isays the li 1, te gt;" correspondent of the " Leather Ibiltl, a',.;,lview") in both sole and rough se ice- 0S 0s the consumption is so much in do of the usual rate of supply, the author- 0f.... k4trl Si 11(it aPpear to be insisting upon ti_ t ' 4-3 detail which used to be dreaded by q. hair 1 ..." nontractor, for everything near the r so, ' "4,ll(lard is taken. The continuance of 411 ideman d seems fairly well assured 's,ii 441n.ie:finite period, as numerous sales have i-o!h814-44abte, (I for d delivery. well into 1915, and 1)1 11 le advances over prices p,,i,..(*evicilisl,y, irel%la.st Proclathation in the antf e -0 tll4-' elroportanee to tanners, as it pro- eri to all destinations of hides of il'efiß'",‘urY or wet), also leather undressed Ititr,,,',', suitable for saddlery, harness, or 1% %"ots, and in classification the latter 1,44 aill widely embracing as to largely 's thit",Port of leather from this district. .t LBll4 ooliveries against most of the Amens- (lio. e°lonial contracts must be postpone 'sh 'rile prohibition of the export o 44,N1{11,14 have a steadying effect on the mar- '- w".e„i'eourring capture of enemy cargoes, Atn,"1111 the lots which have been sent over nrP, have removed the fears of a

:V.

e to" o,ooce del

sl/ ‘:

Tif‘tS oneil Appoints its Ofileers.-! ti'sk•j:l! 440411E11 meeting of the Warrington F4t4ist -Labour Council was held in the t 1,1•4 fc all on Tuesday evening, when the thß ensuing twelve months were 'e • Berry was elected chair man by '1,441 against 11 cast for Mr. E. Handles. kk*"tilzeesr was re-elected treasurer, and Mr. 8 '3ecretary. For the six seats on the. 1`,41(111,.,ated, ~C,arataittee ten members were 1t0d',7.: Messrs. J. Greely, C. Sunder- i b4ith 'ken Hamblett T. Howard, H. t rh-alwell . Hodson, Mitchell and I§Zll.°winktge, vinatiiiiigresultedin the election of n which the names the order i H.Hamblett, Sun- and Kenn- iwell. Messrs. Monks toti bolo, c 'were appointed auditors. i.°Jarriittee appointed to consider the erlute secretary's salary reported that k tis the ai led ABBessitated the gentleman °f4e giving at least two days a of4jand that, in consequence, they were it, Iteasing the remuneration to £26 s4aftilellog t was proposed to circularise all to4epon the subject. .„ti4anot4ol. aPproved the committee's action. 411, e ghowA balance sheet submitted to the tlicianoweda total income of ,tlO7 14s. 41d. I:sPort of the secretary detailed eniu i 4 arld, gs of importance in the local Qteas,, at called attention to the enor- viotlaDoß 7 Which the Council had been Ye ") Undertake as compared with 'l4'll4' ara; t `, ,11 los . 0 only had their financial re- yNclkul •tacreased, but they had also been tcuo render services upon a scale ,s'te Dort edented. ‘Qtti,Cteto... adopted • (.1 announced that the Gas tqllec`,neir ,r_!neral Labourers' Union had in- c''ll 1111„"_71egation by one, and Mr. Burns Ace AV.-},inted to represent the Dockers' igby resigned. -

Infectious Disc.ase Prevalent. Last week the following cases of infection's diseases in Warrington were reported :—Scarlet fever, 35; diphtheria, 3; tuberculous phthisis, 13; erysipelas, 3. There were 125 patients in the hospital.:—Scarlet fever. 92; enteric fever, 1; diphtheria, 11; tuberculoski, 21.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

_.-..••1111i1

===== 0002601_19141017_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Church Society.

Last night a service under the auspices of the Warrington Church Society was held in the parish Church. The Rev. A. E. Cornibere, of Salford, preached from the text: "I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
How IVe Die.

According to the weekly report of the Medical Officer of Health (Dr. G. W. N. Joseph) there were last week 29 deaths from the following causes in Warrington :—Scarlet fever, 3; enteric fever, 2; diarrhoea, 4; enteritis, 1; phthisis, 2; cancer, 4; bronchitis, 2; pneumonia, 1; heart disease, 2; all other causes, 8.

Death of Mr. James Ford. We regret to announce the death of Mr. Jas. Ford, which occurred on Thursday, at his residence, Pinewood-avenue. Mr. Ford had a life-long connection with Warrington Metho- dism, and in earlier life served the churches of the circuit as a preacher. He was in his 83rd year. The funeral takes place to-day at 2.45, at the Warrington Cemetery.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
The Picture House.

- - The Picture House, Winmarleigh-street, has been taken over by the management of the Picturedrorue. It has been re-decorated and considerably altered inside, and is certainly now one of the leading places of entertainment in the town. The experience which has been the foundation of the success of the Picture- drome is now available for the Picture House, and will guarantee its efficiency. A substan- tial proportion of the takings are being set aside for the provision of comforts for the soldiers.

Drowned in the Mersey. "Ile had a son killed at the Forge three years ago, and that seemed to have an effect on his mind." Such was a statement made at the inquest, held by Mr. F. A. Jones at War- rington on Wednesday, on. the body of Thomas Burns (56), who resided at 4, Stanley-street.--- It was also stated that' deceased had been mis- sing for a week, and that his body was recov- ered from the River Mersey on Monday.—A verdict of "Found drowned" was returned.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Masoiilc Installation.

At the annual festival of the " Gilbert Greenall" Lodge, held on Tuesday at the Lion Hotel; the banquet was dispensed with owing to the war. The W.M.-elect, Bro. T. C. Wadsworth, was installed Worshipful Master by W. Bro. Thomas A.G.D.C., and invested his offi- cers as follows :—W. Hainswoiih, 1.P.M.; 11. Maddock, S.W.; H. Taylor, J•W.; E. Rose, P.M., P.P.D.G.D.C., secretary; T. Hill, treasurer; Rev. B. Percival, chaplain; H. Collin, S.D.; T. Reddish, J.D.•' E. Allen, 1.G.; A. C. Binks, steward; J. Gray, steward; H. Holbrooke, steward.

Generous Shepherds. The quarterly meeting of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds kA.U.), Warrington Dis. _____ „- . .

_ trict, was held on Saturday at the "fate Spring Rose" Lodge, Barley Mow, Warrington. Prov. C. S. Francis Taylor presided. It was decided to pay the contributions of all those members of the society who were serving their country. The meeting agreed to a levy for this purpose. P.M. John l'arr was elected Banner Master, pro. tem., owing to Banner Master Taylor hav- ing joined the Territorials. At the close of the meeting Immediate P.P.C.S. W. E. Clegg was presented with a gold watch for services ren- dered to the district as Prov. Chief Shepherd during 1913-14. P.P.C.S. J. W. Pomfrey made the presentation, and Bro. Clegg suitably responded.

Funeral of the Late Mr. Ben. Grimshaw Mr. 'Benjamin Grimshaw, of Gate Wharf Farm, Sankey, whose serious illness was an- nounced in our last issue, passed away on Tuesday morning, at the age of 70 years. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. Jones, of Sankey, and the interment took place at the Warrington Cemetery yesterday after- noon. Among those who attended the funeral were: Mr. Brookfield, Mr. Renshaw Beswick, Mr. Gray, Mr. Samuel Beswick, Mr. Henry Bes- wick, Mr. E. S. Owen, Mr. T. Plant, Mr. Harry Grinishaw, Mr. Enoch Sankey, Mr. George Pilling, Mr. James Ditchfield, Dr. Bennett, Mr. Leonard Bennett, Mr. John Cross, Mr. John Leigh, Mr. and Mrs.. James Houghton, Coun- cillor W. H. J. Jenkins, Mr. Cooper, Mr, Shearer, Mr. Thomas Perk, Mi. George Pinch, Mr. Charles Kilshaw, Mr. T. Warhurst, Mr. T. Kilshaw, Mr. Albert Denham, Mr. J. Rough- ley, Mr. G. Lester. Messrs. J. Mounfield and Sons carried out the funeral arrangements.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Another 'Bus Fatality.

_ Mr. F. ATJones held an inquest, at War- rington yesterday, on the body of Phillip Ireland (5), the son of John Phillip Ireland, a general labourer, of 77, Ilaydock-street, who was run over and faitally injured by a Corpora- tion motor 'bus on Wednesday.—John Edward Bolton, motorman, employed by the Corpora- tion, said that he was driving the 'bus down the middle of the road by ' Central. Station, because there was a steam lurry on one side and a horse 'bus on the other. He had his brakes half on, but, as he passed the horse 'bus, the boy rushed out from the side and was run over. He died in the Infirmary the fol- lowing morning.—John Walter Boswell a cab- driver, of 97, Lythgoe's-lane, said the driver had no chance of avoiding the accident as the boy darted out so suddenly.—A verdict of "Acci- dental death" was returned, and the jury expressed their sympathy with the relatives, as also did Mr. Hallaway for the Corporation, the latter adding that although the evidence did not show there was any liability on them, the Corporation would be prepared to deal sym- pathetically with the parents.—The father thanked the jury and Mr. Hallaway, and re- marked on the kindness of the Corporation.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Wounded Warrior at P.S.A.

- - --------- The claims of Dr. Barnardo's Homes were urged at the usual pleasant afternoon service , in Wycliffe Church on Sunday. Mr. Davies, the Manchester agent for the Homes, attended and explained the work that was being done for homeless and orphaned children. Teeming thousands, he said, had passed through the Homes, and, in the great majority of cases, had , been made into good citizens. No less than 98 , per cent, of the children sent from the Homes to Canada had done well. The Homes had ever- open doors—no destitute child was refused. The children were taken in first and the inquiries were made afterwards. Every town in the land sent their unprotected children to the Homes, knowing that once they were there they would be well cared for; that they would re- ceive a good education and would learn useful trades, which would fit them to play their parts in the battle of life. They were not only cared for whilst they were of tender age and lived in ' the homes, but afterwards; in fact, they were watched over and helped until they were 21. , The Secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) added a few words in support of the claims of the Homes, and went on to voice the sympathy of the local P.S.A. Society with Mr. Jos. Garner, the death of whose wife recently occurred after a long illness.—The Rev. T. T. James mentioned, with pleasure, the fact that Private Yeates, .of Orford, who was wounded in the Battle of the Aisne, was so far recovered as to be able to attend that afternoon. The reverend gentle- man also referred to the presence of Private Cousins, who was, he said, quartered in Orford Barracks, and who belonged to a P.S.A. in •Penarth, where his father was an active Chris- tian worker. During the afternoon Mr. A. Davies sang "Nazareth." About 110 prize books were distributed and the sum of 30s. was • collected for Barnardo's Homes.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER, S ATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914.

CALL TO ARMS' War Stories: Bu Letter & Interview

Young Warrington Terrier's "Secret"

For His Mother.

THE BATTALION'S GOOD NAME.

I am writing home specially to let you all into my secret. . . . I am glad to hear there are plenty of young chaps joining the "Ter- riers," because we need them, and I am very glad to hear that B— has joined. . • I am going to stick to them all my life, because I have learnt that they need me very much, although I am only a young lad. If I had anything to do with it, I would make every- body join between the ages of 16 and 40. . • • Now my secret. It is, 1 have joined for foreign service. I joined not only for the sake of going on foreign service, but to help the Bat- talion to keep its good name. Just fancy now, of half of us did not join, after us all volun- teering to go, what would the Warrington people think of us, and all the other Batta- lions? Why, they would sneer at us for all our lives, and that is worse than torture; and, as long as I am doing my duty, anybody, barring Germans, may say what they like and do what they like.

WALTER. —From a letter written to his mother by one of the youngest of our Territorials now in camp.

THE WEEK'S RECRUITING. The recruits towards the 700 met needed to complete the reserve battalion of the Terri- torials now number 320, so that 380 are still re- quired. Eighty have joined this week. About 100 men have joined the Regular Army at Bearnont School and the Police Station. Men from the larger Warrington works con- tinue to swell the ranks. This week about 50 have enlisted—the same number as last week. Messrs. Rylands' figure-10—wa5 the highest this week, the St. Helens Cable Company gave six men, whilst Messrs. Crosfield'O contributed four.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALLS FOR "MR. ATKINS." Much Appreciated Gifts from the Warrington Club.

A few days ago the committee of the War- rington Footbalf Club, realising that even in the serious days of war some members of the huge and ever-growing family of Atkins may find a few minutes in which to indulge in the health-giving pastime so popular in the piping' times of peace, forwarded two footballs, and a supply of pants and jerseys, to the quarters of the 'Territorials and also of the recruits of the South Lancashire Regiment. In acknowledgment three interesting letters have been received by the Secretary (Mr. T. P. Bradshaw). The first came from Colonel Brereton Fair- dough, of the Territorials, who, after expressing thanks to the Club Committee, wrote: "I am issuing one football to each half-battalion, and a proportion of the pants, &c." Referring to the heartfelt good wishes of the club for the safety of the recruits and of the officers, the Colonel said: "I heartily appreciate them and will convey the same to the Battalion." Lieutenant-Colonel Malcolm Green, of the South Lancashire Regiment, also forwarded a letter of thanks, in. which he states that the gifts are very much appreciated, and heartily reciprocates the kind wishes of the Club Com- mittee. "All ranks," he adds, "are doing their very best to make themselves fit to uphold in the face of the enemy the good name of the South Lancashires and of the town of War- rington."

A- third letter was from Lieutenant H. 11. Withers, of the South Lancashires, who wrote: "We are most grateful for the balls and jerseys. They will be a help to us. Will you please con- vey our thanks to the members of the club for their good wishes, which we reciprocate most heartily?"

===== 0002601_19141017_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUR FIGHTING FUSILIERS. Warrington Family's Contribution to the Ranks.

Mr. Edward Sykes, of Warrington, has not only rendered good industrial service to the community, having for close upon half a. cen- tury been employed at Messrs. Rylands Bros.', Church-street works, but he has also given four of his sons—who have been augmented by a son- in-law—to the service of their country. One of the sons—a reservist--comparatively recently answered the call to rejoin the colours, and is at present -fighting with the Army in France. A second is acting as sergeant-instructor to a Territorial Battalion, whilst a third is serving as a lance-corporal in India. A fourth has re- enlisted in Lord Kitchener's Service Battalion, in which, by virtue of previous experience, he holds the rank of pioneer-sergeant. All four brothers are attached to the Northumberland Fusiliers. he son-in-law is an engine-room artificer in the Royal Navy. All of Mr. Sykes' soldier sons were born in Warrington, and the old town will join him in feeling very proud of them.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR RESOURCES.

Why We Must Win in the Long Run.

:we must win, said Lord- Haldane at New- castle, if we only have the qualities—which I believe we have—of spirit, courage, resolution, and dogged determination. Germany may be admirably prepared, but preparations wear off against people who have the resources that we have. Germany has a population of some 65 millions and Austria about 50 millions-115 millions in all. But we have 44 millions, France 38 millions, and Russia has over 170 millions. Therefore, we have 250 millions in population against 115 millions. Then, as to armies, we will put the German Army,. say, at six mil- lions, but Russia can mobilise six million men , and more. Say Austria can mobilise two mil- lion men. We and France can mobilise be- tween three and four million men between us. 'Even in troops there is a marked superiority in our numbers. Then ,there is the splendid fighting of Belgium. In resources the Allies , have double the wealth and reserves to draw upon. Ido not underrate the magnitude of the task that lies before vs, but I trust the shock ' is over and the real struggle is now beginning under much less favourable circumstances for Germany than was the case two months ago. Set your teeth and stick it. Up to now the resolution of the nation has been splendid, and the signs are that it is increasing and not dim- inishing. We have shown that we can fight in a manner worthy of the 'example of our ances- tors.

LOCAL DOCTOR FOR THE FRONT. A commission in the Royal Army Medical Corps was recently obtained by Dr. H. Nield, son of the late Councillor and Mrs. Nield, of Latchford. Dr. Nield has now sailed from Southampton for the front.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN MEN AT WORK.

The Warrington corps of the St. John Ambu- lance Brigade has six of its members at work in English hospitals, as follows: Messrs. F. Broad- hurst, W. J. Clements, J. Glenton and A. E. Price are at the First Western General Hospi- tal, Fazakerley; Messrs. W. Hammersley and Watkins at the New Shoreham .Camp Field Hospital, Brighton.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMISSIONS FOR CHESHIRE BARONET

AND M.P. Sir Philip Grey-Egerton, of Oulton Park,. and Hr. Harry Barnston, M.P. for the Eddisbury Division of Cheshire, have accepted commis- sions in the reserve regiment of the Cheshire Yeomanry. Both officers some years ago served with the regiment, the former retiring as an honorary major and the latter as a captain.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL OFFICERS.

Whilst on active service recently, Major B. R. Goren, of the. 2nd 13attalion South Lanca- shire Regiment, Wes wounded—where and how it is not at present known. The Major is well known in Warrington as Major Malcolm C. A. Green's predecessor as commander of the 8/ 40th regimental district at Orford Barracks. Major Green has now been promoted to lieutenant-colonel.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON NAVAL MEN IN ANTWERP. First-hand Description of the Fight and Evacuation.

Thrilling adventures are narrated by the British Naval men just returned from Antwerp, and in these the treachery of the German spies plays a large part. Mr. Frank Wilson has this week returned to his home, 21, Willis-street, Warrington, in company with Mr. Frank Moore, a Birkenhead friend. They are both members of the First Brigade of the Naval Volunteers Division, the former having joined at the begin- ning of the war. Training was commenced, says Mr. Wilson, down at Betteshangar, in Kent. Some time after we went for a three days' march from Bet- teshangar to Chatham, where we were to take musketry training. We had got about half-way there when orders to turn back to Dover were received, and from there we sailed for Dunkirk. Of course, we exPected we were going to finish training there, and we were very much surprised when we were sent straight into the firing line, together with 11,000 of the Naval Brigade and Marines.

_ But to get back to the story. We left the boat at Dunkirk on Sunday, September 27th, and en- trained for Antwerp.

A ROYAL RECEPTION.

Here we had a royal reception; the people could not do enough for us. They gave us all sorts of cigars and cigarettes, and if any wanted drinks they could have as many as they liked. In fact, they would have given us nearly every- thing they possessed, they were so glad to see us. Well, we were put into a big winter garden place and told that we would be billeted there for the night; but after we had been in there half an hour, we were called up, and sent straight into the firing line, and the fun began. We proceeded to make sheltered trenches for ourselves by digging a hole in the ground, about four feet deep, and covering it with wood and earth till it looked just like the ordinary road, and we planted bushes all along in front, in ease hostile airmen flew overhead looking for us; the bushes, of course, gave the place quite a natural appearance.

IN THE TRENCHES BEFORE ANTWERP. At last we got the whole trench fixed pro- perly, whereupon we were ordered to move to a more suitable position. Marching along about four miles, we took up a place on the right wing of the defence, right in the firing line, just as day was breaking. Here the Belgian, soldiers had already made the trenches shrapnel-proof, and for a day we remained in them, nothing particular happening, except the loud and con- tinual bursting of the German shells overhead, which prevented us getting any sleep whalso- ever. Towards night the Germans began to send out patrols, and, as they kept coming-into sight, each of us fired about four rounds at them. They only attacked us in the night time, for their aeroplanes were out scouting for our positions during the day. • Of course, our rifles were noth- ing compared with their big guns; we could not get nearly the range that they could. Leaving our sentries on guard, we at length went back to the trenches; but it was quite impossible to sleep for the noise of the shells— we only got about a quarter of an hour's nap that night! For three days and nights we remained in the trenches, during which time we fed on hard biscuits and bully-beef. There were not many biscuits, but we did not mind very much, for they were hard to eat—in fact, I offered one to a dog on the way home, and it wouldn't touch it! But sleep we really did miss, and the shells went on bursting all round for three days, we firing on the German patrols each night. By that time we had managed to obtain more provisions, and we were just preparing for a good "feed," when the order came for us to retreat.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A " BELGIAN " OFFICER.

Phei.v ! At six o'clock the same night we started off, led by one of the Belgian officers. It was a great strain, marching like that after four days and nights, during which we had never had more than 15 minutes' sleep at a time. After marching five miles we were chal- lenged by a Belgian sentry, who informed us that we were walking right into a complete regiment of German cavalry! Our officers were naturally amazed, so to discover that our guide was not a Belgian at all, but a treacher- ous German spy! 110 was promptly dealt with as the officers thought necessary. We naval men, of course,. were not supposed to know anything about this, but somehow the truth leaked out and went round the brigade. Well, back we marched practically the same way we had come, and went on to St. ,Gilles. On the way we passed blazing oil fields, the terrific heat from which nearly scorched us as we went past.

MILES OF REFUGEES. Along the road there passed miles and miles of refugees—an incessant stream, of which we neither saw the start or finish. They had bundles of belongings' but no food; and they were shivering so with the cold, that, altogether, the brigade gave them over eight thousand of our own blankets, as they lay along the road- side. We drew near Antwerp again at length, and crossed the River Scheldt by means of a pon- toon bridge, which had been constructed by some of the Engineers. The last man had been crossed only a quarter of an hour, when the bridge was blown to smithereens, presum- ably by German spies. But, then, the whole country is absolutely infested with spies, even in the most unexpected places! Antwerp! It was in a terrible state! When we had been there at first it was a most beau- tiful city, full ,of fine buildings and, lovely scenes. TheSe were gone now; the populace had fled. It was doomed to fall into the hands of barbarism! We continued marching until six o'clock the following morning, covering a distance of about 32 miles. The strictest discipline was observed throughout this march, we not being allowed even to speak, in case the sound might betray us to hostile forces in the vicinity. Arriving at St. Gilles, we entrained for Bruges, but the engine driver and stoker re- fused to drive the train.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRIVAL AT BRUGES.

However, two of our own men, who were engine drivers in ordinary life, volunteered to run it instead, and so we arrived at Bruges. We then proceeded to the Town Hall, where we had a good meal of soup and bread; and, I can tell you, we were very thankful for it I Afterwards, sleeping quarters were provided for us in schools, and we had a good night's rest. All our kits had been left at one of the stations for safety, and we now found that the whole station had been burnt down, so the only thing to do was to go back to England for a week, during which time we could procure new out- fits. So the following day, after a lengthy wait on the Bruges station, we caught a train to Ostend, where we slept all night on a ship, embarking the next day for Dover. Upon arrivaMhere, my friend and I came here, home.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME AGAIN.

Home! That night we lay awake for two hours, trying to realise that we were in real beds! I had not been in one since the begin- ning of the war, almost three months before— in fact, as I said, none of us had more than 15 minutes' sleep at a time from our arrival on the Continent to our rest at Bruges; neither had I had a shave for a fortnight, nor a wash for a week! We were very glad of a change of clothes when we got home again. But, concluded Mr. Wilson, we shall be still gladder when we are back at the front again!

===== 0002601_19141017_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN WOLVES.

Private Kinsella (King's Liverpool Regiment) writing to a friend at Widnes after the Battle of the Aisne, says : lam lucky to be alive. I was leaning against a tree with my two chums of our company when a German shell burst about ten yards away and killed both of them. A piece of the 'shell struck me on the head, and my rifle was blown to bits.

It is cruel to see all the homes here ruined and the homeless women and children. The Germans are like a gang of ravenous wolves, and they have the stains of children's blood on them. I saw a small boy and a woman with a baby in her arms. The boy was dead, and his innocent face made me weep. The mother and the baby were wounded. We laid the boy to rest with Dome of our men we were burying.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BELGIAN LADY AT STOCKTON

HEATH. Husband's Terrible Suspense in Brussels.

The following letter is from a Belgian resi- dent in Brussels who is the business represen- tative in that city of one of the large manufac- turing concerns in Warrington. His wife—now the guest of a family living at Stockton Heath —came over here about a month ago, and, such are the painful exigencies of the war, that she is likely to remain in her present hospitable shelter for an indefinite period—a refugee who has fled from the dire conditions at present pre- vailing in her unhappy country. The letter, which is addressed to the host with whom the lady is living, is so eloquent in its human appeal and in the expression of gratitude for succour rendered to one held dear, that we make no apology for publishing it at the present juncture. Dear Mr.

Brussels, Oct. 4, 1914.

I hope that you have received my former letters, but it appears that several couriers who set out from Brussels for Ostend have been stopped, and it would not be astonishing if several of my letters have gone astray. The present letter will be posted in London by an American leaving for his country, and going by England. At Brussels life is becoming Very enervating. For six days we have heard cannon day and night without ceasing. Au! it is terrifying. and to think that each report takes away several human lives; parents, friends, acquaintances are perhaps massacred each instant—it is enough to make one mad to think of it!

Is -then this frightful war the recompense of our poor little country, so courageous, so indus- trious, and, above all, so beautiful—now trans- formed into a pile of ruins; everywhere it is death and desolation! How we curse the being who is the cause of all these horrors, and hope that his punishment will be soon. Hearing all day cannon, not knowing where the action is taking place, having no details of the result of the battle, whether we are conquerors or con- quered, we know absolutely nothing; we live as if in an immense prison, completely isolated from the rest of the world. This life is terrible! And how long will it last? God alone knows! And with that we look upon retreat; what will happen then? Will our beautiful town of Brussels be respected, or will it share the fate of Louvain, Dinant, Aerschot, Rheims, Charleri, Mons., &c., and what will happen to us? The bad season comes, and food commences to , fail; bread is scarce, and above all bad; more coffee, sugar, soap, coal, the most necessary things, are wanting. In fine, the privations will , be, perhaps, hard, but we will bear them as well as possible, and have an absolute confidence , in the final success, and we place great hope on your English Army, and above all in your finan- cial assistance, thanks to which we hope to see re-established our little country, so cruelly tried.

If I were not married I would be with my brothers at the front of battle and try to make the injury done to our land cost dear, but I have to remember that I have the charge of a soul, and my existence is necessary to my wife. I cannot express to you all that I feel, for one must be prudent and measure his words. We hope soon that .our situation will change and that .I will be able to come for my wife. I hope that she is less sad now; it is very un- fortunate for her to have to be separated from the one she cherishes most in the world. _ _

I know that Mrs. and yourself do all you can to cheer up my wife, and I thank you very sincerely, and you may be certain that I wilL always be grateful. With kind regards to Mrs. —, and hoping to see you soon,

Sincerely yours.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
FORCING THE GERMANS BACK. AVarrior Who Was Wounded in "the

Great Drive."

Private Campbell, of Londonderry, one of the South La.ncashires, at present rests in the War- rington Barracks Hospital, after having served for six weeks with the Army in France, where he received a wound in the jaw. The detach- ment to which he belongs went out to reinforce the troops returning from the Battle of Mons, and, after meeting them, proceeded to drive back the Germans, from trench to trench, until the Aisne was reached. To his regret, how- ever, circumstances prevented the gallant pri- vate participating in the actual battle at that river. One of a force of six hundred, he had been marching forward for a whole day and night, when he fell into a German ambush. The enemy were concealed on either side of the road, and immediately opened a heavy rifle fire on the entrapped men.

Shot Through the Shoulder. A shot passed clean through the shoulder of the " Tommy " in front of Private Campbell, and struck the latter in the jaw. Inflammation 'afterwards set in, and it was necessary to send him home, and he was included in a nuMber of British soldiers, who were escorting a de- tachment of German prisoners over to England. Upon arrival at Southampton, he journeyed to, and entered a hospital in the South, afterwards being transferred to Warrington. lie expects to return to France shortly. The many scenes of devastation—ruined homes, gutted churches, sacked towns—which met the eye on all sides, were described to our representative by Private Campbell as "terrible," whilst, he added, it was particu- larly pathetic to see the distracted women and children wandering about the wasted country- side.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
INJURED IN RETREAT FROM MONS.

Corporal Cleave. Upset by Bursting Shell.

Corporal Frederick Charles Gleave, the youngest son of Mr. William Gleave, 12, Paul- street, Warrington, who enlisted during the Boer War, and has since been in the Reserve, was one of the first to go to the front in the present war, which lie did in the capacity of a driver in the Royal Field Artillery. He has now been invalided home.

Writing to his father, from the hospital at Winchester, Corporal Gleave declares that Ile is not sorry to be back in Old England. "Pour days after landing in France," he continues, "we went into action, and it was simply hell upon earth. The bullets were flying around like hailstones, but I was not hit. The sixth day of the retreat I came a cropper. A shell burst under my horse, and I came down. I could not get clear from my horse, and my left shoulder and a couple of ribs were broken. An old chum of mine-went aloft the first day. We lost our Colonel and Adjutant, and all the offi- cers were wounded. The French retreated in the night, not knowing anything about it. We stuck it as best we could, and saved all our • guns. _ _

- "lam to have a couple of days' leave. My arm is now free, but will never be straight again, owing to being without treatment for three days. I only have the clothes, at present, I went away with, and am looking forward to a change. I had a shave to-day for the first time—l had grown at beard ;something like yours! lam as fat as a bullock; we cannot eat all that is supplied. We are staying at present at Sir G. Cooper's, who has placed his grounds at the disposal of the Government. We get everything we want, but you ought to see the poor fellows without arms or legs. I never hear a grumble. It is all luck." When Corporal Gleave resumes duty, he is to go on the staff at the Southampton base, as a clerk.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A GERMAN HELMET.

Mr. J. liannam, the Warrington Cricket Club pro., who joined the Army Service Corps, in the course of a letter to Warrington friends, says he has not yet left England. "I have had a German helmet on," he says; "one that a sol- dier brought back."

A BATTALION FROM ONE BANK. Over 900 members of the staff of the London City and Midland Bank are now enrolled in His Majesty's Forces. The Bank have arranged to pay full salary to all during their absence. and their positions in the Bank will be kept °Rea for them on their return.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVEMBER ELECTIONS.

Labour Party Force Three Contests.

1 Conservai

Despite the fact that the _live and Liberal parties have decided not to contest any of the seats in the November elections, there will be three fights, the Labour party having decided that Mr. C. Dukes shall oppose Council- lor J. Halliwell (L.) in Orford Ward; that Mr. A. E. Seabury shall challenge Councillor Dicken- son (L.) in Bewsey Ward, and that Mr. I. Helsby should endeavour to wrest from Council- lor Lashford the seat in the St. John's Ward, which he holds for the Conservative party. Nominations have to be handed in at the Town Hall before 5 o'clock on Saturday next. Up to yesterday the only nomination received was that of Councillor Craik, who, it is expected, will be returned unopposed.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
„";.iqi;;•ll`."3/4,*'l';;;-.**,4l*,—.<;:; . '4!,-Ttegt.4.17,04 4gl/4.1ii1.00 i'.107.t."5;(?4r5)(:V • , • • •••• V 74.. • Va,E, 4(1*,•,:"4? ; , ”" • "' • " • '4' "" t'4409,0f, , "S* ,

Photograph by Birtles. COUNCILLOR HALLIWELL, LIBERAL CANDIDATE FOR ORFORD. Has represented the Ward fire years.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
• , • • , t , . . . , , • '" • 4 • / 4.0";?: 'vz .) A7s. „.,.; •

Photograph by Dirties. COUNCILLOR DICKENSON, LIBERAL CANDIDATE FOR liinTSEY WARD. Has represented the Ward nine years.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
IS THERE TO BE A TRUCE?

To the Editor of "The Examiner."

Sir,—l do not wish at this critical position in the history of our country to start a political controversy, but perhaps it would be as well if we understand what action the political parties intend to take in the forthcoming municipal elections. I believe the Liberals and Conservatives have already declared a truce. The Socialists have, I believe, been asked to co-operate in this good work, but up to the present they have not done anything that gives one the impression that they are in favour of presenting a united front at this time.

On the contrary, they have shown direct hos- tility to such a course, and are nominating three candidates for the forthcoming November elec- tions. If that is the intention of the Socialist party, I should like to ask why have they chosen this year as the most suitable time for their intervention? Is it because they have not had the opportunity before, or because they feel that now that people have their attention riveted on the war it is a suitable time for their propaganda? or is it because they feel that now that so many Liberals and Tories are winning victories at the front they have a chance of winning municipal elections at hmie? If they go forward with these contests they will put the town to an expense that it can ill- afford at this time, when all our funds should be reserved to meet the terrible cost of the war. If these elections are forced upon us, the re- sponsibility will rest entirely with the Social- ists, and it is only right the people should know that the politicaZ organisations which have become Red Cross societies will have to take up the work of electioneering for at -least a fortnight, when they could ..)th...rwise have been helping our soldiers and sailors at the front. If the Socialists of Warrington really desire to help the unfortunate, and put their loudly professed sympathy with the down-trodden and weak into practice, they cannot do better than think about Louvain, and help the Belgian refugee, and leave personal ambition and expe- diency in municipal matters to look after them- selves for the present. VINCIT AMOR PATRI.E. October 15th, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
NO TRUCE.

Labour to Fight in Three Wards. DISAFFECTED INSURANCE MEN.

After all, there is to be no "peace in Novem- ber," for, at their meeting on Tuesday evening, the delegates to the Warrington Trades and Labour Council decided to lend the support of that body to the candidature for municipal honours of Mr. Charles Dukes (the secretary of the Council) for the Orford Warct; of Mr. A. E. Seabury for the Bewsey Ward; and of Mr. J. Helsby for the St. John's Ward. This decision was arrived at in camera, and was communicated to the Pressmen at the close of a long meeting. Prior to this decision being arrived at, it was reported, in open meeting, that the local branch of the National Union of Life Assur- ance Agents had decided to cease their affilia- tion with the Council. Mr. Heywood (a delegate of the Union in question) said be considered the branch had done wrong, and he was surprised at their action. The branch had a membership of seventy or eighty, and only about twenty were , present at the meeting at which secession was I decided upon, whilst even then the resolution announced in the letter was only carried by eight votes to five. . Mr. J. Helsby (another delegate from the ' same Union) said the action had been taken from purely political motives. When it was announced in the papers that his name was for municipal honours, quite a stir was caused among the members of the Union, who were not in the habit of attending the branch meet- ings. The fact that he was to fight a Conserva- tive was a very grievous matter to them, and accordingly those who hardly ever came near a meeting took the trouble to turn up at the branch meeting last Friday week to register a protest against his candidature going forward.

The Protest Too Late.

He (the speaker) was also at that meeting, and he told the protesters that they were toe

No , a

late, as the matter was then in the hands of the Trades Council. Thereupon they left the meeting in a body, but they turned up at a subsequent branch meeting last Friday, bring- ing a few sympathisers with them, and moved that the branch cease its affiliation with the Trades Council. Those in favour of remain- ing affiliated put up as good a fight as pos- sible, but the majority had evidently come de- termined to put a stumbling block in the way of the contest. To test the motives of the movers of the proposal he (the speaker) put forward an amendment to the effect that the matter should be deferred to the annual meet- ing of the branch in January, but it was de- feated.

THE POINT THAT PUZZLED. The Secretary (Mr. Charles Dukes) said he was inclined to think that the Council "ought to write back and say something th the Assur- ance Agents." The point that puzzled him was: What are the Agents going to do if they sever their connection with the Council? They could not act industrially; they could not come out on strike! No doubt their action was the result of the work of someone who was not in sympathy with the political outlook of the Council. This was not the first time the Coun- cil had been "let in" by that particular Union. Mr. Harrison moved that the decision of the branch be accepted.. _

Mr. Greely advised that the Council demand a summons meeting of the branch, and that a deputation be sent to wait on the Agents. He did not think that an 8 to 5 decision should be accepted as final, seeing the strength of the branch. They ought not to let the screw be put on by political parties; for that was what was being done. Instead, they should demand a summons meeting that should be thoroughly representative of the branch.

Mr. llamblett thought it might be as well to remind the Insurance Agents that they de- pended largely for their livelihood on trade unionists, and that if the members of the trade societies were to withdraw their support in large numbers the Agents would soon find them- selves in Queer-street. • Mr. Plinston (an honorary member of the N.U.L.A.A.) counselled the acceptance of the Agents' letter of withdrawal, stating that it was the principle of political action that was the root-bottom of the disaffection of the society in question. Upon a vote being taken, eleven voted in favour of opening up pourparlers with the Agents, and eighteen against', the proposition being, therefore, lost.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BELGIAN TEA.

Great Success of Novel Effort to Raise Money.

SACRIFICES MUST BE MADE.

Great success attended the Belgian Tea, which was held in the Parr Hall on Thursday. Stalls had been arranged in the body of the hall, and these were laden with numerous goods brought by the visitors and disposed of to others. The tea was served at the back of the hall, under- neath the gallery, and the attendants were busily engaged all the afternoon. During the proceedings, a band, got together by Mr. R. Whitfield, discoursed excellent music, and several artistes, including Miss Gladys Adams, Miss Longden, and Messrs. Gibbs (Run- corn), Poole and J. Babbitt, entertained the company. The accompanists were Miss Longden, Miss Newall, and Mrs. Gibbs (Runcorn). The tea was initiated by Mrs. Savage and Mrs. Hayward. who defrayed all the expenses, and handed the total proceeds to the Belgian Relief Fund. The ball had been decorated with Belgian colours, in addition to a large Union Jack, which was spread across the organ. Towards the close of the afternoon the Mayor (Alderman Peacock), together with the Mayor- ess, put in an appearance.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASED WITH THE RESPONSE.

Captain SAVA•GE, after expressing pleasure at the Mayor and Ilayoress's presence, said those who had organised the event were very pleased with the response. The arrangements had only been in hand for a week or ten days, and the committee were astounded to see so many pre- sent. They must not be stinting in these troublous days, and if they did not save any money this year, they must trust they would do so another year. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19141017_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESSING NEED.

The MAYOR said the Belgian Relief Fund was one of the most pressing before the country. They had only to imagine Warrington being swept away by a foe who were nothing less than murderers, to know what it must be to the Belgians, in whose country all the towns and cities had been pillaged and destroyed. In the name of Warrington he thanked Mrs. Savage and Mrs. Hayward, Captain Savage and Mr. Hayward, the band, and the other ladies and gentlemen, who had helped the venture. The successful result showed that the right thing had been struck at the right moment.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Lost!

One of the refugees now in Warrington brought with her one of her children. A younger child, 31 years old, was staying with the husband's mother in Liege during the bom- bardment, and neither of them had been seen since. She did not know whether they were under the ruins of the house, or whether they were amongst the mass of humanity which was rambling about Belgium and France. That case was only one amongst thousands. They in England had a lot to be thankful for, and therefore they must not forget to do their part in relieving distress.

Increased Hospitality.

He had received a telegram from the Local Government Board, asking Warrington to in- crease its hospitality. A meeting had been held that afternoon, and several suggestions had been made, but it was only by events like that tea that afternoon that they could raise the necessary funds. If they were to increase their hospitality, Warringtonians would have to make sacrifices.

--.—„— He proposed a vote of thanks to all the work- ers, and this was heartily carried.

BRAVE BROTHERS AND SISTERS Mr. HAYWARD responded. Mrs. Savage and Mrs. Hayward thought they would do something for their brave brothers and sisters in Bel- gium, and as actions spoke louder than words, they decided upon organising the tea. (Ap- plause.) He wo glad to see the success which had attended the effort.

THE PROCEEDS. The proceeds amounted to about XllO.

I

I a. I, t

t p.

, ' 4

I

t 4 qrt 41,1; ; 'ele,y ; 7ft• "41.• `•

if • • • • • t

===== 0002601_19141017_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PAIN IN THE BACK t. Usually leans Rheumatism.

diseases of the kidneys in your back. The D o not 3:aobbuouu:ti oar ep pain than the pain. producebSwacekir Yoaucsh-di such usl i ca h muscularwhile the cause of most seldom or never form of muscular rheun painful enough astoismis,stwighincech ki.s motralteisumni, fatal. Lumbago is a Sufferers from keep their any form of rheumatism should general health up to the highest standard by tli like Dr. Wii • e u,se of a blood enriching tonic hams Pink Pills, while they take good nourisl ' Pro ling food without too much meat. Proper nutrition and pure blood are the best means of fighting rheumatism. Medicines do not control the disease directly, but a well-nour- ished system will often throw it off. ' Rheumatism quickly thins the blood. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills act directly on the blood, and as they build it up and strengthen the system there is an increased resistance to the Poisons that cause rheumatism. In this way sufferers have found complete recovery. Begin Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People as soon as you feel the first twinge of rheumatism. Your dealer sells them, or you can obtain them from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn -viaduct, London, 2s. 9d. a box, or 13s. 9d. for six. Business as usual. A Free Book, "The Blood and Its Work" which tells about the treatment of rheumatism is offered to all readers who address a postcard request for a copy to Book Dept., 46, Holborn- yinduo, London.

I

fikei,

4 NI,

`.„N

114

, ~ nvir,‘

' I

r

*.t' •-,,,, , I 1,, 1 i f It` V 1 ' 0 ; 4 fi

1,,

' ; 1 •

1 I

===== 0002601_19141017_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AK OLD JOURALIST.

Tha Sawbeth. The preacher at one of the harvest festival services at Holy Trinity bemoaned the fact that tha Sunday of to-day is not the Sunday of the people of the day when Waterloo was won. Just se. -Unless I have grievously- misread history - it is nowadays much more rationally and even 'reverently observed than was the case a hun- dred years ago. Anyhow, the Rev. W. Pollock- Hill cannot complain of Parliament desecrating tha Sabbath day--collectively, at all events. It is recorded that there have been only tiiteen Sunday sittings in six hundred years, exclusive, of course, of sittings commenced on a Saturday and continued into Sunday. Moreover, our Town Council meetings are never held on Sundays.

• "Opened by Censor." The experience referred to under this heading . by a special correspondent last Saturdv is now common. My daughter has for some time inter- changed letters in Esperanto with people in Russia, Japan, and Holland. Her Dutch friend is a teacher in Rotterdam, and the two fre- quently write to each other at length. Last weges packet had evidently been tampered with, and bore the explanatory words "Opened by Censor," and the communication showed that her previous one to Holland had been similarly treated. If the censor read it, as presumably I ha did, he would find abundant evidence of the sender's loyalty, for it happened for that once to consist in the flinging of several varieties of "beans" against the Germans, the intention being to discover on which side the sympathies of the Dutch girl lay.

Modern Antiques. In his lecture, " llow to understand pictures," Mr. Clarence Mawson incidentally observed that fabulous sums are paid for worm-eaten furni- ture. In a Lancashire town in which I lived eome years a well-to-do bachelor, of extremely mean and stingy disposition generally, devel- oped a weakness for antique furniture and spent considerable sums thereupon. When he died, the whole lot came under the hammer, and the experts attracted by the sale advertisements found that many of the things were spurious. "Worm-eaten furniture," quotha! A traveller who called at a cabinet maker's shop, and whose knocks on the counter elicited no response, was attracted to the back of the premises by the sound of pistol shots, and on venturing to in- vestigate he came upon the enterprising pro- prietor of the establishment industriously peppering a new piece of furniture with small shot to give it a worm-eaten appearance. Lots of so-called antiques are " faked " after that manner. •

Robbing Hospitals. The case of the boy charged with stealing a shirt from the Fever Hospital brought to my mind that of another misguided youngster whom I saw on one of my visits to the Eye Institution in Oxford-road, Manchester. He had been sent there from an industrial school, and one of the first things he did was to help himself to half- a-dozen penny postage stamps from a fellow- patient's locker and try to sell them to another inmate for 4d. After a while, he made up a bundle of clothes and escaped with this from the back of the hospital. He was challenged by an official, but stated that one of the nurses had given him the things to carry across to the laundry, and with this plausible excuse the ingenious youth got clear away. A hue and cry was raised, and, a policeman haying identified him from the published description, he was back at the hospital within a couple of days. When I saw him he was in bed, the sister in charge of the ward having deprived him of all but his nightshirt.

The Great Unpaid: The creation of new justices for Cheshire set me thinking. I have known quite a number who valued the distinction simply and solely because of the addition of the "J.P." to their /tames. I remember one of these, a cotton spinner, labelling his luggage with it, and then standing by it bn the railway station platform to note the anticipated impression on passers- by. In one flagrant instance which I recollect, the district had suffered through death or trans- ference of magistrates, and those of us who had felt the inconvenience particularly at Court sit- tings rejoiced when we learned that the Lord Chancellor had added half-a-dozen of the local gentry to the Commission of the Peace. How- ever, of those who had so long coveted the honour and at last achieved it, one immediately removed to the West of England and two others retired to the seaside. Nowadays, we have our ex-officio "beaks" to fall back upon—those entitled so to act as chairmen of urban and rural district councils—and it is as well.

Aeronautics. Warrington's recent glimpse of an aeroplane brought to my mind a lecture by an authority who noted many marked resemblances between present-day aeroplanes and the earliest flying animals, and concluded that an aeroplane could scarcely be described as a novelty because it had a certain similarity to some of Nature's failures that became extinct many millions of ' years ago. As someone has remarked, the art ftying and gliding is 80 deeply buried in historical rec'ord that we may assume its ear- lier developments arose from the texts of ancient myths. How thedalus and Icarus crossed the Egean Sea; Icarus, soaring higher than his parent, got scorched by the sun and fell, is an occurrence which pictures 'largely in the haze surrounding the dawn of Greek ancestry., The Prose Edda of the ancient Scandinavians have a glowing inspiration of flight. Grea, a goddess in the mystical world of Valhalla, was the messenger whom Frigga sent into the world on her errand of love. She was gifted with the Marvellous power of gliding over seas or through the air on her chariot, drawn by Hofrarpuir, the immortal horse. There is a regulation in the ancient law of Norway called "Gulathings Lagen "—"Let the Kim" and the • Bishops, with all possible care make inquiry 'after those who exercise pagan superstition; who make use of magic arts; who adore the genii of particular places, or tombs, or rivers. and who by a diabolic manner of travelling, are ttansported from place to place through the air." &c. There are many similar prohibitions—extend- ing over centuries—of "this diabolic manner of travelling." Marco Polo told astonishing stories of the flying machines of the Chinese, and references to flights from towers of men wearing wings are plentiful in mediteval romances. Nevertheless, until quite a few years ago, most of us were disposed to put the day of the most ambitious and determined aitlnan'Bl • success somewhere near the Greek Kalends. • When, after a long and tedious wait for suit- able weather for the experiment, Hubert Latham essayed the Channel passage, and dropped with his contraption into the sea; we laughed and said to each other "I told you, didn't _I?" And, when Louis Bleriot tumbled across on his dirty little monoplane, we said he had met with an extraordinary bit of luck that was unlikely to be repeated. Then came Selmet and Prier and a whole host of record- breakers; and now our Army and Navy flying men achieve wonders almost daily, and already familiarity has be,an to breed something like contempt.

Electoral Anomalies. 1 This was the Subjectsch_• for consideration at one oF the Adult. last week's ',Exriut according to a report in anomalies still abound and easily beat Of course, such beaten reformer; amount of scope for theaand there remains any but they is one instance, taken almul old records. Here the last decade of the :st haphazard. In Helton had only • one reareteentli century, tough, under its ancient chartnetr, elector, al- hreturned two meml> ers to that borough Parliament.

Occapations Going. Gentl,emen who are losing their eoleymentra owing to the war :-1. Tire German (1610nial Secretary." —"Punch." _

Made in Germany. We still have to go to Germany for news bout our own country. The latest reliable report is to the effect that there is serious fric- tion between King George and Lord Kitchener, the former having become alarmed at the rais- ing of " Kitchener's Army." The War Minister, the King fears, is aiming at the throne, and it is now being recalled that Lord Kitchener was once told by a soothsayer "K. stands for Kin."—" Punch."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1,.:* • 1",«.;

===== 0002601_19141017_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE COURTS.

STOLE A PURSE. Stiff Fine, for Pilfering Hay% her.

For stealing a purse containing 10s. in cash from the dwelling-house, 80, Wilderspool- causeway, Warrington, Frank Hughes, a young man described as a hawker, living at Brook Cottages, Lower Walton, was fined 1:2, with the alternative of a month's imprisonment, by the magistrates sitting at the Borough Police Court on Wednesday. From the evidence it appeared that Miss Annie Kilduff, to whom the purse and money belonged, had occasion to leave the house to go shopping. The purse and contents were left on the kitchen table. Prisoner, who was in charge of a greengrocer's cart, called at the back door and was alleged to have remained in the yard ten minutes. When Miss Kilduff returned the property forming the subject ot the charge was missing. Detective Summers told the Court how -that, accompanied by P.C. Skelton, he met the prisoner in Chester-road, and not being satis- fied with the answers he gave to their questions, he was taken to the Police Station, where he was charged. In reply to the charge he said "Not guilty !" Prisoner told the magistrates that he was only in the yard three--niinutes and did not take the money. The Mayor (who presided) said the Bench were satisfied that prisoner was guilty.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
• MISSING PRIZE MONEY. Thefts at Messrs. Crosfield's Works.

*At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday, Wm. Houghton (17), of 36, Piamere-street; Jack Lawton (15), of 200, Longford-street; and Arthur Goodwin (14), of 204, Longford-street, were charged with stealing, between August 26 and September 12, from Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons' works, a number of postal orders and .61 and 10s. notes. The Chief Constable said the boys had been employed on the clerical staff at the works. A number of postal orders and notes had been missed and observation was kept. One of the prisoners was taxed by Mr. Wardle, the secre- tary to the company, with regard to the thefts, but he denied all knowledge of them. As a matter of fact the shortage in money amounted to over .615, and the sum mentioned in the charge was redubed to .62 each in order that the boys could be dealt with by that Court. People, the Chief Constable explained, who sent in a number of soap wrappers to the firm were en- titled to some monetary consideration, and it was the money set aside for that purpose which had been stolen, for, instead of the the postal orders and notes being posted, they were pur- loined by the boys.

Several Complaints Receives. A number of complaints had beep received by the firm, and as a consequence cheques were sent out instead of notes, and during the time that practice was followed there were no com- plaints. Subsequently money notes were for- warded, and then more complaints were re- ceived. The police were informed of the thefts the previous day, and the firm decided to prose- cute. When the prisoners were formally charged, their answers were to the effect that Lawton and Houghton had taken the money and shared it with Goodwin.

Goodwin's father attributed his son's downfall to bad company, whilst Houghton's father said he did not know why his boy had committed the offence, as he had a good home. The Chief Constable said he ,was destred by Messrs. Crosfield's secretary to say that the directors of the firm considered the matter the previous day, and, whilst they had no desire to be vindictive, they thought they were bound to bring the matter before the magistrates. At the same time they had no desire to press the case, but he would like to point out that it was not a case of sudden temptation. Mr. Wardle told the Court that the firm had had numerous complaints with regard to the postal orders, the sums involved ranging from £1 to is. 6d. When the postal orders and notes were sent out it was the duty of the boy Houghton to place them into the envelopes, after which they were passed on to the boy who entered up the post. Then the envelopes were sent to the postal departmenefor dispatch.

A Witness's Suspicions. Lawton was engaged in this department, and he received a note from Houghton telling him which envelopes should be kept back. As the complaints were received from all over the country witness suspected that the thefts were committed in the office, and subsequently lie taxed one of the prisoners. The Chief Constable said that Detectice-Ser- geant Reddington, who had been making the inquiries, believed that Goodwin was not so deeply involved in the matter as were the other prisoners. The Mayor (who was in the chair) announced that Houghton would be fined ..Cl, with the alternative of a month's imprisonment. The Bench hoped that it would be a lesson to him, as they considered he was the ringleader. Law- ton was fined .12, with the alternative of a month in gaol, and Goodwin ..t1 or 14 days. The magistrates thought that the parents should have exercised more supervision over the boys.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

MONDAY. Before Mr. S. Wright (in the chair), Aldermen Bolton. Smethurst, and James Evans, Coun- cillor Wilkinson, Mr. G. Pilling and Mr. T. Locker. Gets " Time " for Taking Time.—William Baxter, labourer, 17, Tanners-lane, was charged on remand with stealing on October 3rd a clock, valued at 25., the property of Margaret Mc- Cabe, from the lodging-house, 9, Stanley-street ; and Bridget Coney, alias Emily Baiter or Smith, of the same address, was charged with stealing a bed quilt Lind bed sheet, valued at Bs. 6d., from the same lodging-honse.—lt was stated that the parties had been living at the lodging- house in Stanley-street, and, when they left, the articles were missed. Prisoners had ad- mitted the offences. Some of the goods had been pawned.—Baxter said he was going to return the clock, which he took so that Ike would know the time.—Both prisoners were committed to gaol for seven days.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY. Before the Mayor (Alderman P. Peacock, in the chair), Messrs. W. T. Williams, C. Jackson Holmes, and J. WA Hayward. -

Remanded.—James Harris, a private in the 6th Battalion of the South Lancashire 1- meat, was charged with being an absentee from his regiment.—The Chief Constable said that Sergt. Ileddington arrested the man the pre- vious day, upon receiving a communication from his regiment. He asked for a seven days' ad- journment. In his opinion, the Army should not be troubled with that kind of Man—he would be a bigger trouble than the Army could do with at present. He (the Chief) asked for the adjournment so that another charge—that of making false answers on an attestation paper —could be preferred against the prisoner.—The adjournment was granted. Terrorised the Neighbourhood.—Traneis John Power, a labourer, of no fixed abode, was charged with begging and also with assaulting P.C. Barr.—The officer stated that he was on duty in Orford-lane at about 7.10 the previous evening, when he received complaints about the prisoner begging. It appeared that when re- fused assistance the man made use of had lan- guage. Witness followed him into Longford- street and there saw him begging. When ar- rested Power tripped witness up and butted him with his head, and it was with difficulty that he was got towards Orford-lane, where Inspector Forster came to witness's assistance.—lnspector Forster said prisoner had terrorised the whole neighbourhood, and there was a crowd of over a hundred following :him when he WaS appre- hended.—He Was committed to prison for 14 days with hard labour. Would be Where it was Wet."—" When I requested him to move on," said a constable, who was giving evidence against John Organ, a The Ch.- Chief labourer, of no fixed abode, who was charged with being drunk in Clock Hall-yard, "he re- plied, T gCOnngstatoblstop e explained niendthet hrea i nm. :n-Ts stange preference b • y saying that when he was brought into the Police Station he was in such a condition that h e"did not know rain from beer, and thought he would be where it was wet."—Prisoner was fined ss. and costs, with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment.

Regi

_

===== 0002601_19141017_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMIN

THURSDAY. Before Messrs. J. Rymer Young (in the chair), W. Roberts, W. T. Williams, A. J. J011e2,-,

and Dr. Naden. A Suffragette?—Elizabeth Welsh, or Isley, a married woman, 24, Dial-street, was charged on reniand with breaking a _window, value £5, at 24, Dial-street. She was further charged with assaulting-Ada Dilorenzo.—The Chief Constable said that the prisoner was before the Court the previous week, when att adjournment was granted, to inquire into her antecedents. Their Worships would observe that a great deal of force would be necessary to break the plate- glass.—Daniel Sanders, forge labourer, 24, Dial. street, said he saw the prisoner strike another window two or three times, and, being unsuc- cessful in breaking it, she said "If I can't smash one window I can aonther." She then smashed the window in question.—Ada Dilor- enzo, 24, Dial-street, said prisoner struck her a sever blow in the face when a police officer was called, and P.C. Cameron gave evidence cor- roborating the story of the assault.—Prisoner, who said she did not remember the assault, was sent to prison for two months with hard

Johann Street Fight.—lsaiah Clay, labourer, 27, Guardian-street; Harry Newall, ironworker, 20, Ellen-street; John James Smith, ironworker, 18, Ellis-street; and Joseph Price, a corporal in the 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, 16, Catherine-street, were charged with fighting in Catherine-street on Saturday.—Supt. William- son stated that as he was cycling along Bewsey- road on Saturday he saw a large crowd of people. He noticed that Clay was hitting an- other man, and caught hold of him, but he made a determined effort to get away. He obtained hi., tame and address Ind allowed him to go, but tool two men into •litt.alv and these were dealt with at the Court on Monday. On that clay witness continued his inquiries and inter- viewed Newall and Smith. The latter appeared to have been very roughly handled. Price later visited the Police Station and admitted that he struck another man after he himself had been hit and knocked down twice.—The Chief Con- stable asked permission to withdraw the charge against Smith, who semed to have had more tkan his share of knocking about, and the Bench agreed.—Clay, who had been previously con- victed, was fined 205.. and Newall and Price 10s. each.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY.

Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Boi ton, Pierpoint and James Evans, Messrs. T. Locker, S. Wright, G. Pilling, W. Furness and A. J. Jolley. Theft of a • Bicycle.—James Astill, 18, Hale- street, was charged with stealing a gent's bicycle, value £l, the property of Eugene Geraghty, 58, Orford-lane.—The Chief Constable said that on Tuesday Mr. Geraghty left his machine outside the Union Inn, Winwick-road, and when he returned it was missing. Detec- tive-Sergeant Holland went to prisoner's house, after making inquiries, and saw the bicycle in the back kitchen. When interviewed, prisoner said, "I did not know what I was doing."—Pris- oner (to the Bench): I Was drunk at the time.— The Clerk: Why did you keep it afterwards?— Prisoner : I did not know whlcl7. way to get rid of it.—The Chief Constable: About 16 bicycles have been stolen in this way during the past three months.—Prisoner was bound over for six months, as the Mayor said, "to make a better man of yourself." "No Peace in the House."—John Henry Kelly, 27, Back Crossley-street, was summoned by his wife, Martha, of 3, Back Crossley-street, for being an habitual drunkard and she asked for a separation order.—Complainant stated that her husband was drunk three times every week, and there was no peace in the house with him.—For the defence, Mr. T. S. Steel said that defendant had a good character at Messrs. Guest Bros., where he had worked for 20 years. Mr. Guest had instructed him to appear for Kelly that morning. There was no proof as to defendant being an habitual drunkard:—The case was dis- missed.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FRENCH RELIEF FUND.

To the Editor of "The Examiner."

- - - Sir,—Having been given to understand that much of the distress which exists amongst French people in London is being dealt with by other organisations, and having had their at- tention drawn to the greater amount of misery- prevalent in the French provinces which have been devastated by the German Army, the French Relief Fund have opened an office in Boulevard des Capucines, Paris, and are making arrangements to open a warehouse there for the reception of goods and provisions, so that henceforth we shall particularly direct our , , efforts to giving British assistance on the spot to the helpless and destitute women and children of our French Ally. We have been inundated with applications for relief from all parts of France, and from inquiries made by our representatives we may say that the distress and misery existing at the present moment amongst those unfortunate people who were forced to flee from their homes, and who are now without means of sub- sistence, is most pitiable and deserving of urgent assistance. To enable us to carry on our work, and to fight the ravages of sickness and the pangs of hunger, whilst the men are fighting the com- mon enemy, we are sadly in need of funds, and although we have already received considerable assistance, more money is still needed, and we request your kind co-operation by giving pub- licity to this appeal. Of all the claims which have been made upon British generosity, it is surely our duty to give some assistance to our brave Ally, France, whose men are now fighting our battles, and whose country has been over- run by our enemies. The committee will greatly appreciate con- tributions in cash, whilst clothing, provisions, blankets and other goods for distribution in France will also be thankfully received. ' All contributions should be sent to the Com- mittee, the French Relief Fund, 83, Pall Mall, S.W. It ought to be mentioned that so far as is known the French Relief Fund is the only organisation rendering British assistance in France. The Paris offices and staff have been gener- ously placed at the disposal of the committee, ree of all expense to the Fund. Pp. FRENCH RELIEF FUND, J. H. DICKINSON, Member of the Committee. 83, Pall Mall, London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY THOUSIINDS OF PEOPLE DIE EVERY YEAR.

Weak Kidneys Mean Bright's Disease in the end.

Do you know that thousands and thousands of people die every year from deadly kidney disease? Yet in nearly every case it is the result of sheer neglect. Those pains in the back, puffiness under the eyes, swollen feet, that drowsy feeling, nasty taste in the mouth first thing in the morning, cloudy urine, headaches, and a general feeling of weakness and irritabil- ity, which were intended by Nature to give us warning of the terrible scourge, are passed by unnoticed. In a .short time the victim realises that he is stricken with kidney disease, from which only a very few escape, for kidney disease is the fore- runner of deadly Bright's Disease. If you have any of these symptoms get a box of De Witt's Kidney and Bladder Pills at once, because they are so finely compounded that they pass from the stomach straight to the kidneys and then to the bladder. That is why De Witt's give such amazingly quick relief, every time. Do not be put off with ordinary kidney or back- ache pills because you don't know and you have ne proof that they have touched the kidneys. When you take De Witt's Kidney and Bladder Pills you know beyond all doubt that they have gone straight to the affected parts. This is positively proved to you when you see the blue- coloured urine. If you now suffer from kidney trouble you do so uinecessarily. Go to your chemist and get a box of DE wirrs _

===== 0002601_19141017_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Kidney & Bladder Pills Nature's Safest Remedy.

- - - The price is .2/9 and 1/6 per box, but get "De Witt's" in large blue and gold boxes. You can depend on getting what you ask for from every one of Boot's 566 shops who sell and strongly recommend De Witt's Kidney and Bladder Pills.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE

ER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914.

On the Bench.—The magistrates present at the Stockton Heath Petty Sessions on Tuesday were: Messrs. R. C. Parr (in the chair), J. Hep- herd, C. Jackson Holmes, L. Greening, J. A. Ransome and W. Fletcher.

Parochial Committee.—Councillor Pilling pre- sided at the monthly meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee on Tuesday even- ing and there were also present: Councillors Mclntyre, Bottomley, McDermid, Pearson and C. Hallows, with E. Bradshaw (clerk to Parish Council), W. H. Warburton (acting clerk) and S. Wright (surveyor).

Assault Case Dismissed.—At the Stockton Heath Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Robert Bar- low, of Ellesmere Port, summoned Frederick Wilkinson, of Preston Brook, for assault, but the magistrates dismissed the case. The evi- dence of the complainant was that, arising out of a dispute, defendant struck him in the mouth and knocked three of his teeth out. This de- fendant denied.

C I erk-Sol d er.—At the Monthly meeting of the Parochial Committee on Tuesday it was decided, on the proposition of Councillor Bot- tomley, seconded by Councillor Pearson, "to record our appreciation of the action of the Clerk (Mr. G. F. Ashton) in giving his services for his country. We wish him every success and hope he will be restored to us well and hearty."

Father a Wastrel: Mother in Gaol.—At the Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Jane Wright, a mar- ried woman belonging to Warrington, but of no settled place of abode, was charged with stealing a quantity of clothing, the property of Mrs. Eaton, Pike-street, Stockton Heath.— ' Superintendent Owen said prisoner had been employed by the prosecutris and that the articles were missed when she left the house. They were afterwards found to have been pawned.—The Police Court Missionary (Mr. . Laws) said he had repeatedly assisted the woman. Her husband was a wastrel, and the children of the couple were in the Workhouse. —Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month, with hard labour.

. Police Court Sequel to Motor Car Accident.— At the Stockton Heath Petty Sessions on Tues- day, James Hall, of Kingsley, Frodsham, was summoned for driving a motor car to the dan- ger of the public at Preston Brook on September 2nd.—Mr. T. S. Steel defended.—The evidence showed that as two Manchester youths were cycling towards Warrington from Frodsham, the defendant's car, which was alleged to be going at a high rate of speed, caught one of the cycles, knocking the rider off and carrying the machine a distance of 70 yards before it pulled up. It was further stated that defend- ant swerved to his wrong side, and as the cyclist darted across the road, in search of a safer passage, the defendant again swerved to his correct side, catching the cycle in the at- tempt.—Mr. Steel, for the defence, pointed out that a police witness had said that he had measured the distance from the side of the kerb to the tracks of the car-wheels and found a dis- tance of 9 feet clear, which left quite sufficient room for a cyclist to pass. The car was only going at 17 or 18 miles an hour, and the defend- ant, who was driving, was so upset at the accident that he got flurried, which accounted for his failing to pull up until he had gone some 70 yards beyond the scene of the accident. A mistake, the advocate submitted, was made by the youth when he thought that there was not room to pass.—The case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT MOTOR CAR FIRE! Another Discussion by Parochial

Committee.

WAS THERE MUCH ADO ABOUT • NOTHING?

The Fire Brigade was again the chief subject of discussion at the monthly meeting of the Parochial Committee, held in the Council School on Tuesday evening. Councillor Pilling presided, and after Councillor Hallows had read the report of the Fire Appliances Committee, Councillor Pearson said that he had been informed by an expert that the Fire Brigade was efficient, but his informant had suggested that they should get some new hose. Councillor McDermid : We are better off than any other district round about. We are well equipped and able to attend to any small fire in our district. We have also a connection with the Wilderspool. Brigade, which makes us more secure. Councillor Bottomley : Has an explanation been given as to why there was no member of the Fire Brigade present at the motor car fire the other night?

Was There Much Ado About Nothing? Councillor Hallows: There has been much ado about nothing. I heard the bell ring and went to the door straight away, but before I got to the Square it had stopped. lam not a slow walker and I say the bell could not have been ringing more than a quarter of a minute. When I arrived at the Square the apparatus had been taken out. I followed the men, and between us we got a connection with the main. The motor ear which was on fire was out in the open and the hose-pipe reached right up to it, so that there was no need for the nozzle, about which there has been so much talk. Councillor Bottomley : I must reply to that. I say those statements are incorrect. One statement Councillor Hallows makes is that the motor car was away from the building. I ask Councillor Mclntyre, who was present at the Parish Meeting, to disagree with that state- ment. Is it a fact, Councillor Mclntyre, that it was away from the building? Councillor Hallows: I do not say that it was away at the start, but it was yards away by the time we got the hose to work. Councillor Bottomley : Now you make a qualifying statement. The Chairman: It is a statement as to bow he found the car when he got there.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
How Long Did the Bell Ring!

- Councillor Bottomley : The taxi-cab was on fire in the backyard of the house. The next statement to which I take exception, because it is untrue, is that the bell only rang for a quarter of a minute. I can produce witnesses in whom you can place the greatest reliance to prove to you that the bell was ringing for three or four minutes. Not only did it ring so long, but one gentleman present said: "Look here, are those young fellows having a game on, ring- ing the bell like this? The Fire Brigade has already gone up there." It rang three or four minutes, without question! Councillor Hallows: It is the firs‘time I have been called a liar. (Laughter.)

A Member: You are lucky ! Councillor Hallows: I came straight out of my own house. Where Councillor Bottomley came from I cannot say. The bell started ringing as I left my door. I did not go on my hands and knees to the Square, and when I got there the young men were half-way up to Lon- don Bridge with the handcart. Councillor Bottomley : That is wrong! I want this to be quite clear.

The Chairman: Next- business! Councillor Bottornley : I want to maxe it clear that the young men did not give up ring- ing the bell and run with the apparatus. Some of them did; but, even when the fire apparatus was at the fire, the bell was ringing still.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
" Likes to Look at the Funny Side."

Councillor Mclntyre: That is an exaggera- tion. _ _

Councillor Bottomley : Councillor Mclntyre thinks this is a playing matter, and lie comes here to laugh, jeer and make fun of matters. I will let you know that when I came from the car the bell was still ringing. Councillor Mclntyre has come across the man who asked if the young men were hav- ing a joke. Councillor Mclntyre likes to look at the funny side of a thing! Councillor Mclntyre: I say that, without doubt, Councillor Bottomley is exaggerating what took tilace as to the bell ringing. Why he does it, I do not know!

===== 0002601_19141017_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SENTENCED TO DEATH.

Dog to be Destroyed for Attacking

Postmen.

The story of a dog with a peculiar antipathy to postmen was related at the Stockton Heath Petty Sessions on Tuesday morning, when Jane Grech, Dalby Villas, Acker's-lane, Latchford Without, was summoned for being the owner of a dangerous dog which was not kept under proper control. Superintendent Owen said that numerous complaints had been made by the postal author- ities with regard to the dog and on two occa- sions defendant had been cautioned. John Edward Shimmins, a postman, who re- sides at 98, Slater-street, Latchford, said that on June 28th he was delivering letters at the defendant's house, when the dog flew at him. Witness had a box in his hand at the time and with this he beat off the animal. The postal authorities had been compelled to stop the delivery of letters at the house for a time on account of the dog.

Bitten on the Thigh._

William Arthur Worrall, another postman, deposed that on June 12th he was delivering letters at the house when the dog went for him and bit him on the thigh. He used the letter bag to try to drive the dog away, but the animal grabbed it. Eventually the dog had to be taken away by one of the servants. Ernest Wrench, an inspector at the Warring- ton Post Office, said the delivery .of letters at the house was stopped until such times as a letter box was fixed on the outer gate. This was owing to complaints received concerning the dog. Superintendent Owen incidentally stated that a number of the postmen wilo had been calling at the house had been called away for service with the Army. P.C. Booth said that complaints about the dog had been made and defendant had been cautioned.

The Clerk (Mr. H. Greenell) : Why does the dog always attack postmen?—Witness : I do not know. (Laughter.) The Bench ordered that the dog be destroyed and that the defendant, who did not appear, should pay the costs of the case.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHER WHITLEY MAN FINED FOR "REFUSING TO QUIT."

At/ the Stockton Heath Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Fred Brocklehurst, of Lake Farm, Higher 14, bitley, was charged with being drunk on the licensed premises of the Birch and Bottle Inn at Whitley and refusing to quit the same when requested to do so. Mr. T. S. Steel, prosecuting on behalf of the Licensed Victuallers' Associativa, said that at about 6.30 on September 24th ° three men drove up to the public-house in a trap. A tervant seeing the condition of the defendant informed the landlord, who said it was no use the party pulling up there, as they would not be served. The defendant tumbled when trying to get off his seat. The party saw that they would not be served, so they drove on some little distance, when the defendant got out of the trap and entered the house without being observed. He said he wanted a drink and that he had been in the licensed business and understood what the law was. There were some other men in the room, and defendant, pointing to each individually, said: "Give that man a drink." The landlord refused to 'serve him, whereupon defendant said that he would help himself and went behind the bar, but fortunately did not toinli the taps.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Went When the Sergeant Came.

The licensee asked the man over and over again to leave, and eventually it became neces- sary to send for the police. Acting-Sergeant Bostock arrived at about eight o'clock, and the landlord, in his presence, again asked defend- ant to quit the premises, and that time he complied. However, before he went out he said to the Sergeant: "I have had something to drink and paid for it." He said that-with the idea of getting the licensee into difficulties, but, fortunately, there were men in the house who had seen all that had taken place, and they at once told the sergeant that defendant had had no drink in the place. James Cartwright (the liceniee) and Acting- Sergeant Bostock gave evidence bearing out Mr. Steel's statement.

Defendant, in his defence, said he was not drunk. He might have lost his temper 'a bit owing to the manner in which he was asked to leave. The licensee told him that if he did not go away he would " have him up at Dares- bury Sports." He denied that he went behind the bar; indeed, he did not believe there was room for two behind it. Defendant was fined Cl. and costs, Mr. R. C. Parr (the chairman) remarking that licensees must be protected.

xes-

===== 0002601_19141017_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SMAS,MED A GLASS PANEL.

Police Court Ending to Public-house Episode.

At the StockAon Heath Petty Sessions on Tue's- day, John Strir,ll, a farm labourer, of Antrobus, was charged with being disorderly on the licensed premisos of the Birch and Bottle at Whitley on September 20th, and also with re- fusing to quit, and, further, with doing wilful damage by breaking the glass door of the hotel. Mr. T. S. Steel prosecuted. He said that Mr. Cartwright, the licensee, was determined tp conduct his house i a proper manner and that any offenders should be brought before the magistrates. The defendant was not a cus- tomer at the house. On the day in question he came into the bar and entered into a conversa- tion with another man, becoming so heated that he used very bad language. The landlady refused to serve him because of his conduct, and he picked up another man's glass and threw it on the floor. The landlord then asked him to go, but he refused, and was only got out after a struggle. Wheil outside he rushed at the door and put his foot through one of the glass panels. Defendant denied that he wilfully broke the window. His hand, he said, went through it when he was being thrown outside. A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed, and de- fendant was , ordered to pay the cost of the damage.

WEAR

Johnston Watson's

Scientifically fitted GLASSES for Close Work

and DISTANT VISION

SIGHT TESTING OPTICIAN,

84, BRIDGE ST., Warrington.

Steel Spectacles from 26. Rolled Gold from 8/6. Hours of Business, 9 to T-30. Saturday, 9 to 9-30. Please Note.—Mr. Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 430; Wednesday. 11 to 5-30; Thursday, 11 to 1; Friday and Saturday, 11 to 5-30.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
S INGT

PADGATE.

Parish Church.—The harvest thanksgiving services were held' on Sunday, the preacher for the morning being the Rev. W. Bracecamp, of St. Paul's, Warrington, the evening service being conducted by the Vicar. In the afternoon a flower service was held, and the children were asked to bring pound offerings, which were afterwards sold, the proceeds being given to the waifs and strays. At the morning and evening services the choir rendered special harvest hymns and anthems, the soloists being Mr. Oddy and Master J. Young. There were crowded congregations at all the services. Mr. F. Blackwell presided at the organ. Wesley •Guild.—There was a good gathering at Monday's meeting, when a lantern lecture on " The Lil Islan'" was given by Mr. C. Wilcock- son. The lecturer gave a description of a cycle tour from Warrington via Liverpool to the Isle of Man, returning via Belfast, Fleetwood and Blackpool. The lecture was of special interest, , owing to the fact that all the views shown were produced from actual photographs taken by the lecturer. Takirfg Peel as a centre, he described the many beauties of the island, and well deserved the hearty vote of thanks pro- posed at the close of the meeting. The Rev. A. J. Morton presided.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

Congregationalists' Harvest Festival.—On Sunday the harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Lymm Congregational Church. The preacher for the day was the Rev. C. E. Watson, a former pastor, who is well-known and much respected in the district. The choir rendered special anthems at the morning and evening services in a creditable manner. In the after- noon a scholars' service was held, at which Mr. Watson gave an interesting address. Mr. Leather presided at the organ. The collections were very satisfactory. On Monday the fruit and vegetables were sold in the Schoolroom, the proceeds being devoted to the Church Poor Fund.

The Mysterious Sound.—Some considerable consternation was experienced in Lymm on Tuesday evening by the sound of a loud explo- sion, and an unusual sight in the heavens. Rumours of many kinds, and of varied natures, were afloat on Wednesday, and, as might be. expected, references to Germans were numerous. We know now that it was a meteor, and it is to be hoped that the nervous villagers have had their fears allayed.

Taken 111 in the Trenches.—Corporal Lewis, of the let Battalion Cheshire Regiment, and a former employe of Mr. F. Evans, the Cross, Lymm, has written a letter to his old master, in which he says that he went through several engagements with his regiment without receiv- ing a scratch. During the last battle he was in he was taken ill and had to be carried out of the trenches in an unconscious condition. When he came to he found himself, to his great sur- prise, in the Ist Southern Hospital in Birming- ham. A communication from a doctor dttached to the hospital states that the corporal is not wounded, but is ill.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
NO CONTEST IN LYMM WARD.

There is to be no contest for the vacant seat I in the representation of Lymm Ward on the Urban District Council. Mr. Alexander Mclntyre, of Burford-lane, and Mr. Bidder were both nominated, but the latter has decided to withdraw. Mr. Mclntyre, who was a member of the Council some years ago, has lived in Lymm for a good many years, and is well known and respected. His candidature was not backed by Only one political section, as the following names of supporters, taken from his nomination papers, will show : Messrs. J. T. Clarke, James Gould, K. Kershaw, H. Munro, W. J. Dunkerley, J. P. Lloyd, R. H. Gotobed, Geo. Bennett, C. Mars- land, F. Walton, C. Gleave and E. Landless.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH LEGH.

Choir Outing.—The members of the High Legh Church choir and a number of friends joined in a pleasant outing to Blackpool on Saturday. Naturally, at this time of the year they found the popular_seaside resort less busy and attractive than usual, but, nevertheless, they managed to spend a most enjoyable day. Dinn6 and tea were-partaken of at a cafe near the North Shore, and at both meals the com- pany were joined by the Rev. T. H. and Mrs. Edwards.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
MOORE.

Harvest Thanksgiving.—The harvest thanks- giving services were held on Sunday in the Moore Wesleyan Church. Mr. E. W. Evans, of Padgate, preached in the morning, and the Rev. 11. T. Dixon, of Penketh, in the evening. The choir gave two anthems—mo,rning, "The fruit of Thy works"; evening, "Ye are My flock." Miss Alice Lawton and Miss Mary Eustance took the solo parts. The church had been beautifully decorated with corn, flowers, and fruit, by the ladies of the congregation. Good collections were taken at each service.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP FOR COAST TOWNS.

Mr. Stanley Wilson Expresses the

Gratitude of the Men.

The following letter has been received : Tynemouth Relief Committee, Town Hall, North Shields, 27th September, 1914. Dear Mrs. Edelsten,—l regret the delay in acknowledging the receipt of the parcel of clothing so kindly sent by the ladies of Warring- ton for the troops in this district. The name of the donor was not on the package, so I thought I would wait for an advice note to arrive, with the result that in the rush of work the acknowledgment has unfortunately been overlooked.

The gift was reported to my committee on Thursday last, when I was instructed to convey to the ladies of Warrington, through you ,an expression of our grateful thanks. We greatly appreciate your kindness, and I can assure you that the gift will be fully appreciated by the men.

As you are no doubt aware, we have an enor- mous number of troops in Tynemouth and the immediate vicinity, guarding the coast, and in addition we have a considerable number of recruits for training. The latter, almost without exception, are very badly equipped. We found it impossible to provide locally the number of shirts, socks and blankets which were required. On several occasions we have sent all our available stores to the Castle for the men in the forts, as the Military Authorities could not get their requirements from headquarters. The troops are drawn from all parts, and I am told they find the East Coast rather chilly, especially when on night duty. We expect about 4,000 additional troops on Monday or Tuesday. Arrangements have been made to billet these men in the schools and large hotels, so they will be provided for and made comfortable. I mention the above facts to show how grate- ful we are for gifts from inland towns, and I was personally delighted that my native town was the first to come to our assistance.—Again thanking you, I am, yours faithfully. STANLIT WILSON, hon. secretary. Mrs. Edelsten, President Ladle& Relief Com- mittee, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
"LIT. AND PRIV

Winter Session Opened b/ Conversazione.

The Warrington Literary Ideal i erary and . 1 _,eassiu Society opened • their winter session 11 la 000 fashion on Thursday evening when a g red company of members and friends forecathe .3 11 11 an' in the Council Chamber of the Tovrn ..° to sp-ent to enjoyable hours together listeniagand an excellent programme of Music, readings recitations. • AL PROPOSED AMALGAMATION OF LC/C , SOCIETIES.* s la The PRESIDENT' (the Rev.' EL V. Pigot)!„itdoc• the chair, and in the course of a few ill,‘rts' tbs Philosop ~ LeirY• remarks he said that he Wed that 111 m embership of the societ • would keeP ll` . tice that connection he might 3 . . Worslal gentlemen well known in the town-1:11° d Dr' the Mayor (Alderman Peter Peacock) Eti. a for E. Franklin Armstrong—had been norainalie,, to mention membership, and-it gave him great Ple fle propose that the nominationsbaccepte . her e e et had also t rat° o propose the admission of thr • new members. He felt that be roust eellgoe late the secretary upon the excellent Pregr iiiiag that he had got read for the forthee ;fled season ' . As the members r would see, it conla'ile era. ii a varied and interesting selection a PaP ring could not let the occasion pass without sal tivit word or two about an interesting PT°3 P,,cil°.(l a been brought before literary. acie—nid n philosophical circles in Warrington, a- ild '" was that all the . different societies she' „ber seocftiaonts)apanord v‘s_uhbio-hsecAtitodnesrta: iv- that ~ some way be brought into 'one with a l age, . -flit before the society some nine years agu:ct la° w.ndefiniteerf proposal was brought forica'ool)E 43_1 t or making one society with a ,Itiolq f branches. He had one earefullY ,'OO t the minutes of certain gconferences liela to bi subject, and he must say that it seetned 001 • . , ..,,),,e . .. eide:ettiorui, that the time had not yet arrived '-'• brills proposal could be carried out so aa ot Pl Vile societies under one rule. The •Thse al iThie3 heal suggestion he had to put befer „" itifie ers of that society, and before the philosophical among the people of "11,-sre N%-,ah y was that they should unite in takiag;bid 1N n the Museum and Library be r''' he NN hp t a larger scale—as they hoped would "-we: before induced efdoure many years—the powers that he.cii il s to put in a lecture-rown, wllui eirs be at the service of societies such of . the aa ''''', i great difficulties in rural, rd like that was the finding 'OP" t of a sui 01,1 meetings. If the Corporation, ee, At/ suaded - , , when building the proee`e;id 1 and Library, t o set apart a really g a room, they would be supplyina g il: ant want and doing a really usefiu ' r

p

A COMMON MEETlNG'PLi4vietf.l7lti spoke . N , the secretary Dr. MANIo of the sfeereobik, be soul, fairlygge remarking that the idea that t" narelitieg ought 1 lotbilelienisalsome common meeting-place had, looordol e theirs; indeed •"gme • odl it was the ide. tie, ir for experismtedeenomtfsedm, o be in the town en.' peP to' a proP .do ao hall, with a modern and properb• era ',,,,,ieti difficulty was common federation of aorfythaelundsboeacrits:::4 "grit:loe mittee r the building, should contribute towards the OP 1 ofoorewardl by et opTlrihheensaiiddetenhate wwe-na:pss itttiolli aie tiosuetigoefloigt:l:ifol,:attic:atietle., evntri:eyaini oandta great havereh e thought the I shouldin-iest was their which to meet. During the last•V t° aOu. tnlorl althoughel hail 1 ee.nitilbsittiilol nist. was ialtof saop. pi.gtiolyio:,tt,l, iisandts do orl vis'-eiiltoretto3l,7l,fie.o,:ilotot fewer than three meeting-I' hadmoneyf.mbo::Tidgftlyiil the tfice ,roonieat focoidcl,l it President and himself had refer'', to clirevo because, :ads o 05 , It ctuimrreed bftwehdiast3dcop,teste.eded elsewhere. • tesee' eelt lgtnattl idocilthf,tih,uaelmble dtpbsei dnot.ctikhninhi tlee.cacts:C Ith,ttti7ijue:c Di loesr!uli: loc ii::hiiiPsi cel e:i if lel :03. tiildote63::taltebeicie:Sereiv:ni Irti 10:811tel 3,, .i. ,ciro:oortmt(i0001,1 1 of.t of the society's es.bly OilldiOtej irec ~ ala „0 ,to President,regretting I:verbe sop ' the Mayor view (who also wrote °ll it'.-10° • Mayoress) oMay lumoutsavanerSals'ilY I;ess) and Alderman Berolett,v,' olifietV i, German " cwultoufreth"e trechaetlittlicese;idricise; ' called upon to witness, they sit° hi' at the lite t re ava P 482 tnoo bplr°erveth the British ra u ej on- race are establish , foundations." INDIA'S PRAYEIIS. olefli ' raised, .vsl seemedttoeterititrlst3 ,nre_escareeefs,as f rrtiotli reidaa d a ple r During the evening musical all 1,00 JP to Miss contributed by mi,,, Adasn'i, Itirlifritiojla, iss Broadbent, Dr. C D 1,0, . trt‘ts.' Ile Miss Broadbent Prefaced 11;er t` ellictiof: 10,fitf,' the programme by reading. sti°r„, faul'l, ~,'•10, ot two eoe lettersniav, receivedwri t ibnyg her f.rre°,,:re et :.:I,i; : ire e which the native corresPoll'„ealli falt.v,eli, o't( offering its prayers irnaitsleidesaenedvivt:lizatintteizsto.a„re beta •oritls India is off • for m As

THREE yEARS Of MO Woman Eva...co an uP-! by taking Lydia V Pinicharn's egeti' Compound. ,„ fferj

iPavtO Da 01 01°P4t

I 511" Yearsqd ti3el3'

mother to take Lydia J--„, table iperation, b - Compound and s''s,"e , L strong and well. take I am ha lie your medicine with :ay results and they l cannot 00 t." (Name and addreslea , Thousands of unsolicl,_4o . testimonials like the 01,130 efficiency of Lydia ble Compound. a. trorn Women who stiller '' Ing ills shoula cot 101 i facts or doubt the Pinkham's Vegetable store their healtilt. a free Write to-day Women only) to the ,;,tech Lydia E. pinklialni:oade Hampstead Road,a yoti a 2s. od. she will selieegetsb Lydia E. Pinkbarn evb igger or for 4s. 6d. 3 glu t at tbe' Iv i chemist will sUPP.J ! i

-.MI

"For three misery every now ant Lay Sthree t*cli had 30tilef and Irlecalovify, 4,4 and 00 wall' . pot' octos,e t.O r o Tile aa' vie' N 1 vi°tlls rgiC3r; 4 rile ale s oo / ell 11 171 egc; ..... 44.ew I w 1113Cier eg C°l'll°Cflll.°4l. 01 lilt

-AO ti s)'gu. • asOcilegetr' e thos eof V Lljtio j • jor t roP° voo eie co ,riv Ate 41f ispoco,, fa° e e 4. oites learobpf

moi

===== 0002601_19141017_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Fal OF

Another Rebuff for the War-Weakened Team.

KEEN TACKLING AND FORWARD WORK.

thVirei arrington again gladdened the hearts of r saPPorters on Saturday, when they jour- Yed to Runcorn and lifted the League points ,the locals in fine style. The largest crowd ... the season turned up on the Canal-street Zallad, and theirs was the pleasure of watch- te! B(}tae brisk football, with the intereSt sus- atlled fever heat practically throughout. wee,,ttY of keen tackling was seen, and the for- -;1' w"k was of that dashing character which —NtraYs the chiefest delight of the spectators. 4._eBPite the fact that the referee was called upon ; deal with surprisingly few objectionable oae:ea., of play, the casualty list was a heavy ell-',„:°,flea, Donoghue, A. Hughes and Jolley tial;",,e'vtag injuries, so serious in some cases the unfortunate players involved may not i„seen on the field for a few weeks to come. interesting feature of the match was that 17t5 e brothers found themselves ranged on oppo- co sid"--J. Jolley figuring among the Run- threequarters, whilst B. Jolley figured—and t, conspicuously, too—in his wonted place muchWarrin %sl ton ranks. Runcorn were obvi- y , inferior b f nferior to Warrington, though they such a game fight in the earlier stages t, at it was not until close upon half-time that .413 fact became really obvious. But in the rcand moiety the weakness of the home lot was ;01Prct_arelTlitt, laint tdl e the score flattered Warrington's portTleorn raised high the hopes of their sup- I, -its when they put up- the first points, after tes-trlsk piece of work that was entirely to the aha-1.(3°1,, the crowd. The points came in the Jtir °' a Penalty goal, which was scored by J. et„LeY• Not to be outdone by his brother, "Ben" lr uilY equalised matters by kicking one for 4.atrington. Shortly afterwards Warrington a°,Blllted the lead. Green and Mather got going tr° after a fine run down the field, the former 4ti,l4.sed the line amid great excitement, B. Jolley lear,g, the minor 'points with a fine kick. The eai7 'us gained was maintained by the visitors illd half-time, the remainder of the first half e :,iing Plenty of excitement, but no furtherl iteg —llg. Warrington were, in the main, the g 55 Warrington but occasionally Runcorn got away, tli°ellgh they were never desperately dangerous, .visiting threequarters dealing with them in etel,r most efficient manner, and B. Jolley being th e uand to clear up any of the work which 4ffnY,,' Perchance, left undone. Warrington were of-friati a number of chances toward the close eth`ue first half, but, from one cause and an- eiaP'llo advantage accrued from them. Baker r„,„'ut' ?0 advantage both experienced hard lines on we than one occasion. The Runcorn men ' worked hard, but it was pretty evident that they pret,6 ontclassed, their forwards being held at ItettY nearly every turn by the defenders. Al!. the Runcorn back, worked very hard, ,411:1 Made three plucky dashes, and his side ,e.le he ,t;ed a big loss when, shortly before the inter- n," 1, had to leave the field with a nasty gash e„ Lae forehead. When the half-time whistle 4."llnded Warrington held the lead by 7 points uz:4 2.

..WARRINGTON IN THE. ASCENDANT. i4.00d as had been their play in the first half, 137, ts'as in the second forty-five minutes that iatrington displayed the best of their quality. swrs; In the re-start their forward line got off. in .r4;natintl style and their pressing attentions 4,21 Y embarrassed the defenders, though it abl 71,131,e minutes before they proved vulner- his!: be finding a. weak spot and forcing big "47 through and over the line, as the crown. a._,stt to a spanking piece of Work, which epaZ ve, the crowd to forget their natural disap- -1317.'41eat and moved them to hearty applause. N'kee took the kick and added the goal points. her Was the next to get over the line, Pic inat k. kik after Shaw had rather unluckily had his W ehar • arged. At this stage of the game the kue,..riligton wing men were putting in all they and treated the onlookers to more than lniscashing exhibition. Baker was repeatedly aolt od out of play near the line, and as the re- Dick 1 °ne of these pushing efforts, Taberner as all.' 1P and after a neat display of his agility. Penalt r ful dodger, crossed over again. Crit awarded against Runcorn resulted in centsruieY kicking a fine goal from near the SOUnde, A few minutes before the final whistle :4sc--'eg Williams headed a great dribbling °ll bY the Runcorn forwards. Creevey car- the ball over the line and Jones fell on it, ehA sileY kicking a creditable goal. When play 4 i'e.tl the score board read: Warrington, 4 goals pojnitess). (20 points); Runcorn, 2 goals 1 try (7

arrilirtonl:sll EPLAYERS PLAYED. superiority was not confined to Y Particular department, all their lines show- beg ,n 1 in favourable contrast. They were IZler and speedier forward, and far cleverer Ind than were their opponents, whose three- lacked combination and were obviously ecteer tacticians. In a word, Warrington were toeleverer all-round combination, and their vic- -1:7 was obtained on their, merits; the score but their form bare justice, and not flattering ...„.041 the 'least. Young and Dainteth proved ZERuste Useful men, the first-named playing his abh .of the season and making a most favour- • d lalPression upon the spectators, as was evi- at by the outbursts of applause which greeted vir efforts on more than one occasion. The dea'arringten. threequarter line did doughty e's' the players composing it being well bal- r,red and working soundly together. If one waY, Particularise where all did so well, be Perhaps, single out Baker and Taberner eI0)eal mention, though there was little to ose between the whole quartet. Seldom have spi!' Warrington three-quarters shone more con- wf,u°llBlY. The advantage of weight rested o'l'4l the visitors' van—and it was an advantage ellY were not slow to realise and to utilise for was worth. Spirited as was their corn- 'work, the forwards were particularly good the loose The wing men "kept their eyes Peeled • cha all the time,, ' and missed very few of the h Ilees that were going. Clare and Critchley erov • .ed most reliable as the pivot of the attack- A 5 „ t „ obyi tne Cheshire forwards, it Was pretty wein,9,,as that one thing they badly lacked was allZt• Of speed they had quite the average vrei.; anee, but when it came to tackling they 41.. t an obvious disadvantage. Albeit, it fiRE: "e conceded that they put up a game I.'Ttd it would have been by no means safe ..• Wel2°., 0 them cheaply, for what they lacked in they made up for in a measure by their ef 0.1-„lle,se• Kennedy was undoubtedly the pick Thf, bunch, but he lacked sufficient backing. "„alf-backs fought against fate gallantly; tela,„,-el; Premier honours amongst the Runcorn tes,;,eelonged to them, and had the whole : thirt- ; hi!'n. anywhere near up to their level ace° have been a very different story that the 143 boklrd had to tell. The threequarters ."ea k 5 Combination; in fact, they were the e ' 5 fa t unit of the defeated team. Runcorn, ahlesr: have not won a match this season, and hat ',..they show form greatly in advance of • I3ut Ituu'aPlayed on Saturday, hope waxes dim. over]. ncorn football followers will doubtless "N the shortcomings of the team, bearing en the the cause, which is that so many of the opfl whom the club were pinning ,their `8 have heard the call to an unmeastirahly

I:

Notes by 4 4 Gentre.”

more important and inestimably more glorious field. The honours which so many of the Run- corn players are winning for the old club at the front will much more than wipe out the sting of the defeats suffered at Canal-street.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL HISTORY REPEAT ITSELF?

By a coincidence, Warrington were last year, as they are this, drawn against Barrow in the first round of the Lancashire Cup Competition. When they met on October 18th, 1913, Warring- ton had the worst of the encounter, being de- feated by 15 points to 8.

TEAMS FOR TO-DAY.

WARRINGTON v. BARROW. At Wilderspool :_.7 . .

Warrington. Jolley.

Taberner, Brookes (capt-ain), Tranter, Baker. Dainteth Young. •

Cox, Clare, Fearnley, Green, Ci•ltchley, Mather.

AlcLester, or Knowles.

Mount, " Cushley, Little, Wilkinson, Johnson, Hiekton, Narey. Doyle, Corns, Dobson, Gifford. Spencer. Barrow.

Referee, Mr. Hirst, Dewsbury. Kick-off, 3.

UNDEFEATED TEAM AT GORSEY-LANE. Rylands' Recs. entertain Broughton Central at Gorsey-lane this afternoon, in the First Divi- sion of the Manchester and District League. As the Central is still undefeated in the League, there' should be a good game. Ryland& Recs. have a special liking for tackling unbeaten records. They will be represented as under F. Horrocks; J. Griffiths, H. Povey, A. Hor- rocks, .and A. Rowlinson; G. Warren and J. Gallop; A. Stretford (captain), J. Whittaker, J. Brandwood, F. Potter, E. Smith, and A. Penn. Reserve: J. Dumbell. Kick-off 3.30.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERMEDIATE RUGBY LEAGUE.

Table up to Saturday, October 10th. Points—

P. W. D. L. For. Ag't. Ps Bolton C. 0.8. Parochial 0.8. St. James' 0.8. St. Mary's 0.8. Beamont 0.8. United 2 2 0 0 22 0 4 Wycliffe 0.8. Sacred Heart 0.8. Silver-street 0.8. St. Barnabas' 0.8. St. Ann's 0.8. Beamont Ath. 0.8 2 1 0 1 5 32 2 H'thsideFroghall 0.8. 3 1 0 2 35 9 2 St. Alban's "B" 0.8. 3 1 0 2 29 76 2 H'thside Bewsey 0.8. 2 0 0 2 2 48 0 Arpley-street 0.8. St. James' Jun. 0.8 2 0 0 2 3 97 0 St. Alban's "A" 0.8. 2 0 0 2 0 121 0

LAST SATURDAY'S RESULTS. Bolton 0.8., 16; Arpley-street 0.8., 2. Bt. Barnabas' 0.8., 6; Sacred Heart 0.8., 5. St. Alban's 0.8. "B," 29; Beamont 0.8. Athletic, 0. Heathside Frogh all 0.8., 33; Heathside Bew- sey 0.8., 0. St. Ann's 0.8., 3; Sirver-street 0.8., 2.

TO-DAY'S GAMES. In Victoria Park at 3.30.

Sacred Heart 0.8. v. Silver-street 0.B.; referee, W. Jones._

St. James' Jun. 0.8. v. Beamont 0.8. United; G. Crozier. Wycliffe 0.8. v. St. Alban's 0.8. "B"; R, Williams. Parochial 0.8. v. Bolton 0.B.; J. Bearsdell.

Before Warrington Match, at 1.50. St. Alban's 0.8. "A" V. St. James' 0.B.; W. libby.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

Warrington Working Men's

Association.

N.A. CENTRE.

Norton, Mickle Trafford, Chester (canal and river), and Beeston were visited by a fair mus- ter of members. No great catches were recorded from the Gowy or Chester, but further along Tattenhall-road way good catches werik caught, both Saturday and Sunday, by H. Moore; be- tween 71b. and 81b. was taken each day. The river was tried near Chestei, and the result was a blank. Several Manchester anglers, who had spent the week up stream, report that sport was entirely off, and the best of them had not a dozen decent fish for his week's angling. We have now to hand the results of the Northern Anglers' Grand final match, and it is the worst championship match experienced for years. The winner was found in R. Clarke, of Platt Bridge, the angler who won our local War Fund match.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
/ GRAND FINAL MATCH.

Held in the Shropshire Union Canal, close to Calveley. Time, 3to 5 p.m. The match was fished in a storm of wind and rain. Many competitors gave up in the first hour. Result: 1, R. Clarke, Platt Bridge, 11b. 50z.; ,t 3 10s. and gold medal (otl 55.). 2; E. Clare, Salford, 80z. 3, J. Dean, Bolton, noz. 3drs. 4, W. Makin, Wigan, 20z. 3drs. 5, R. Reaney, Bolton, 20z. 3drs. 6, F. Walker, Bolton, loz. 2drs. 7, J. Toon, Wigan, loz. 8, J. Finch, Wigan, loz. 9, J. Highcock, St. Helens, loz. ldr. 10, J. Makin, Wigan, ioz. 11, R. Melling, Wigan, loz.. 12, W. Lawton, Wigan, 13,. T. Btockley, Wigan, 3drs. _ _ .

The following members had rs. each for win- ning their way into the grand final: F. Smith, Bolton; W. Winstanley, Wigan; G. Taylor, Wigan; W. Fish, Wigan; J. W. Heap, Farns- worth; G. Walsh, Wigan; A. Harding, Horwieh ; R. Curzon, Bolton; J. Wainwright, Crewe; H. Moore, Warrington; W. Bailey, Crewe; J. Tay- lor, Wigan.

NOTICE. Committee meeting at headquarters, Glad stone Arms, on Thursday night.

t 0 or-cycles and Cars.usesingur Accessories. Repairs by competent men. Petrol and tyres. 1117 MIGHT 9 STOCKTON HEATH GARA6E, LONDON ROAD. Telephone 63 Stockton Heath. •

===== 0002601_19141017_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914.

7M ME X:si 311 EC rjr 40 CI. Miff WI 7E 1•1 r Fir

===== 0002601_19141017_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
0 0

FRIENDLY MATCHES.

ASSOCIATION.

PENKETH ALBION v. BEAMONT UNITED. Penketh Albion entertained Beamont United at home on Saturday and sustained their first defeat. Winning the loss, Beamont played to- wards the Widnes-road end and soon became aggressive. Their left wing was a constant. source of trouble, and at last Beswick gave Mullery an opportunity, which he quickly accepted, a good shot opening the* score for Beamont. Soon after, Mullery transferred the ball to Critchley, who was well placed, and he added Beamont's second point. Half-time : Beamont 'United, 2 goals; Penketh Albion, nil. Penketh started the second half very well, but owing to a strong defence it was only after 20 minutes' continual bombardment that they scored. Their second goal, however, quickly came, and then, with the score two goals each, Beamont began to gain the upper hand. A smart clearance by Simcock saw Critchley break away on the right wing. He centred, and Mul- lery scored the winning goal for Beamont, who won 3-2. For the victors, the two full-backs (Dewar and Simcock) played a great part in Penketh's de- feat, as also did Critchley, Witton, Beswick, and Mullery. The losers were best served at , half-back.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
PADDINGTON UNITED V. RISLEY.

. Played on the United ground, before a good company of 'spectators. J. Brown (Fairfield United) and J. Chamberlain (Howley Athletic) made their first appearance for the home team. Risley commenced the game, and were early aggressive, the United goal narrowly escaping. Good combination by the home team transferred play to the other end, and Brown led a severe bombardment of the visitors' goal. The cus- todian frustrated all. attempts to score. Play continued to be fast and keenly contested by both sides. Pritchard and Holcroft were con- spicuous on the right, and the latter finished with a fine shot, which was well saved, while similar attempts from Brown, and Holmes missed by inches. The visiting pivot worked hard for an opening, but he was floored by Taylor, and left the field injured. Near the interval "another raid by the home team was successful, Barlow converting a good centre from Holcroft. Half-time: Paddington Res., 1 goal; Risley, nil. The homesters forced the pace on resuming, but they lacked finish, numerous openings going astray. The injured centre had now returned, but all his attempts to equalise were ineffectual against Chamberlain, who was very sound in defence. Risky were favoured with several free kicks, but they were not utilised. Pritchard gaining possession broke away and left the goal- keeper helpless with a fast low shot. The visitors were disheartened by this reverse, and were outplayed, only their goalkeeper saving them from a heavy defeat. ,Barlow added a third point in the closing stages, after tricking several opponents. A good game, contested throughout in/ the proper spirit, ended: Pad- dington. United Res., 3 goals; Risley, nil.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCHES FOR TO-DAY.

Latchford Baptists v. Longford United; L. Thompson. Fairfield United v. Fairfield; J. T. Hadkiss. Earlestown St. John's Mission v. Hollins Green; S. C. Essenhigh. St. Barnabae v. Bank Quay Recs.; R. G. Brandreth. Elmwood Cons. v. Newton Cons.; G. Bamber. 'Orford White Star v. Earlestown Y.M.C.A.; W. Dennett. Paddington v. Warrington Central; Mr. Eldred.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
TEAMS FOR TO-DAV.

ORFORD WHITE STAR V. EARLESTOWN

Y.M.C.A.

At Long-lane, Orford , White Star: Selected from Miller, Pilling, Gregory, A. N. Qther, Caldwell (captain), Denny, Gifford, Allen, Flankinson, Meachin, Dunbobbin, Smith, and Maddock.

ELMWOOD-AVENUE CONGREGATIONAL v.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON CONGREGATIONAL.

At Manchester-road Elmwood-avenue: James Phcenix (captain); Jos. Phmnix and William Hall; Jos. Pritchard, E. B. Mellor, and F. Dutton; Jos. Smith, D. Gleave, W. C. Ashton, T. Wells, and A. Lamb.

EMMANUEL INSTITUTE v. PADGATE

UNITED.

At Padgate : Emmanuel Institute: G. Bailey ; E. Crozier and S. Hughes; A. Oakes, S. Banner and W. Ayres; T. Hughes, C. Burgess, S. Roberts (eapt.), A. Bevan, and W. Eaton.

PADDINGTON v. WARRINGTON CENTRAL At Paddington. ,gick-off 3.15:— Paddington : George; Holmes and Spencer; Garnett, Wrench (captain), and Taylor; Scars- brick, Bleasdale, Darbyshire, Smith, and Craik. Reserve, Holcroft.

PADDINGTON RESERVE v. GRAPPENHALL At .Grappenhall - . _

Paddington : Knight; Robinson and Chamber- lain; Woodhead, Holmes and Taylor; Wain- wright, Pritchard, Brown, Sumner, and Hol- croft. Reserves: Burden, Pickering and Wilkinson. •

Players meet llylands-areet car, 2.30 pm.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
IRELAND, PRESENT AND FUTURE Mr. Redmsond's Appeal for United Action.

Mr. Redmond, addressing a meeting of Irish Volunteers and others at Wexford, said that so far as it rested with him he would not be content until every member of the volunteers was efficiently armed. lie warned them that without proper control an armed force was a danger to. itself and to its country. What they had got to do was to satisfy them- selves that the control of the volunteer organisa- tion was in proper, authoritative hands. The proper authority in every free country was surely the elected and recognised Government of the country. Mr. Redmond proceeded:— I have in my pocket a letter from Mr. Asquith respecting the pledge that an Irish Brigade was about to be formed, composed solely and offi- cered solely by Irishmen, and every man who individually felt it his duty to go to the front would go as a member of an Irish army. For my part I trust and believe that the manhood of Ireland will not be content only to remain at home waiting and watching while other men are risking their 'lives to defend their liberties, but in addition to defending the shores of Ire- land, will insist on maintaining bright and un- tarnished on battlefields of Europe the reputa- tion of our soldiery. Speaking subsequently to a general meetilig of people from different parts of the country, Mr. Redmond said that in his deliberate judgment the short delay in bringing the Home Rule Act into actual operation—delay caused by the war —would prove a blessing in disguise. Let them not be disturbed about the Amending Bill. "Our hands," said Mr. Redmond, "are com- pletely free, and I say that it is our chief busi- ness from this on to concentrate all our energies on making sure that the Amending Bill will be a real amending Bill and not a Bill for the mutilation or division of Ireland. I am not in the slightest degree disturbed by the threats of Mr. Bonar Law and Sir Edward Carson. Civil war between Irishmen was always, in my opinion, an impossibility. Its impossibility has now become patent to the whole world. The talk indulged in by Sir Edward Carson was childish and wicked. At this moment the high- est of all interests is to unite all Irishmen in the face of a great national peril, and it was , nothing short of criminal for so-called statesmen to come over uninvited to Ireland and deliber- ately endeavour to inflame feelings of sectarian- ism and sectional animosities which happily are fading away before a common duty and a common danger." Mr. Redmond concluded by inviting all Irish- men—north and south, Catholic and Protestant— to come together and devote themselves to the task of finding a way out on the Home Rule question.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Fairfield Sustain Their First Defeat,

ELAIWOOD'S FINE SECOND-HALF RECOVERY.

The games in the Warrington and District League last Saturday proved very interesting, some keen struggles being witnessed. The climatic conditions were very good. The meet- ing of Orford White Star and Fairfield United resulted in a splendidly contested game, both clubs having now got strong teams together. The Fairfield Club had to bend the knee to the Stars, this being ,their first defeat this season. Although the game was played on the White Star ground, they could not claim to gain any advantage from this, as, after having to give up 1 their ground behind the Barracks, they had to seek fresh pasture, and it was not until late in the week that they were successful in obtaining the ground formerly occupied by the Orford St. [ John's Club at Long-lane. At Newton a very keen match was witnessed between the Cons. and St. Barnabas'. The [ visitors arrived with only eight players, and had [ to complete their eleven by including some of [ their supporters, whilst Shaw, their regular gaolkeeper, played centre-forward. Hinds, a former secretary of the St. Barnabas' Club, went between the posts, and by his good work prac- tically saved his side from defeat. The home team's inside trio-ihad several good openings, but preferred to finesse instead of shooting. The backs on both sides gave the best exhibition seen in Warrington and District League foot- ball since that body's re-formation. The game between the Central and the Bap- tists proved to be rather uninterest,ing, and in the end the first-named proved easy winners.. The venue of the match between Longford United and Earlestown Mission was changed to the Horse and Jockey ground, where the Mis- sion lads, after a very bard game, failed to keep up their form of the previous week, and had to retire defeated by the odd goal in seven. The match at Lovely-lane between the Recs. and Paddington was sternly contested from start to finish, and at the call of time the score was one goal each, 'the result being a disap- pointment to the visitors, especially in view of the splendid work put in by their defensive lines. Bushill, in the home goal, did very well, and was ably stipported by his backs, whilst Kendrick and Davies showed up best in the front rank. For the visitors, George, Holmes •and Spencer played splendidly, while Craik and S. Smith were the best of the forward line. Both teams are to be congratulated on their display and conduct on the field. If all teams showed the same spirit there would be no necessity for such reports as were brought for- ward at the last League meeting. The game at Padgate-lane between Fairfield A.F.C. and Hollins Green was being evenly con- tested, and no score had been registered, when, after fifty-five minutes' play, Perrins, one of the visitors' forwards, had the misfortune to break his leg and the game was at once abandoned.

Notes by 11 Linesman.”

which hit the upright and rebounded into play. The home defence cleared their area and an- other brief visit was paid to the visitors' goal. Play was being contested in mid-field when half- time was called, the visitors leading by 1 goal to nil. The second half opened very keenly, and the ball travelled quickly from end to end. The home forwards became aggressive, and Beres- ford, on the extreme right, got some good centres across, but the inside players muddled the chances thus afforded by holding on to the ball instead of shooting straight for goal. The visitors half-back line were kept very busy, and at length they set their forwards going, and Houghton and Vernon indulged in a good run, which got them to the home lines, but Dagnall proved very safe. After a spell of mid-field play, the visitors returned to the attack, and Walker missed a very, clear opening, but shortly afterwards Vernon made amends by beating Dagnall with a low shot. The home goalkeeper could hardly be blamed for this, as his view was somewhat obstructed. Following this set-back the homesters institute'd a strong attack, and the ball was centred well by both extreme wing men. But the visitors' emergency goalkeeper proved their salvation. He was called upon to save many times, and more than once he only succeeded in doing so at the expanse of corner kicks. At length the home inside players showed good combination, and tricky play got the visit- ors' defence mixed, which enabled Rhubotham to put the ball between the uprights, well out of the goalkeeper's reach. The homesters tried hard to get on level terms, but the visitors' backs defended most stubbornly. Dodds and Gleave shot wide after working into favourable positions. The visitors made brief visits to the home end, and Houghton had hard lines with a good drive, which hit the post. Just before time the homesters were unfortunate in a similar way, the ball hitting the upright and going out of play. The result was: St. Barnabas', 2 goals; Newton Cons., 1 goal.

BANK QUAY RECS. v. PADDINGTON. These teams met on Saturday on the Lovely- lane ground, before a large crowd of spectators. The following players lined up (under the supervision of Referee W. Bennett) : Bank Quay Recs.: Bushill; Berry and J. Smith; Welsby, Werrall and Millington; Eccleston, Long, Deakin, Davies and Kendrick. Paddington: George; Holmes and Spencer; Garnett, Wrench and Taylor; Scarisbrick, Bleasedale, Darbyshire, S. Smith and Craik. The visitors won the toss, and Deakin started the game. The visitors' goal was at once at- tacked, but the ball was sent wide. From the goal kick Paddington attacked strongly, and the home defence was severely tested, a corner hav- ing to be conceded. For some time the visitors had much the best of the exchanges, but were erratic in their shooting. Bushill and his backs had a very hard time, but were successful in keeping their charge. Darbyshire once broke past the backs, but made a poor attempt when in a good position. The Recs. woke up and made determined efforts to score, but George-in the visitors' goal saved many good shots. When half-time arrived no score had been registered. On resuming, the Recs. led off with an attack but Holmes relieved. However, they came again, but once more failed to pierce the de- fence. Then the visitors had a turn at the home goal, attacking very hotly. Craik and Smith showed up well, and, following a good run on the extreme wing by the former, the latter put in a shot which Bushill failed to reach. This had the effect of making both teams play even more keenly, and Kendrick and Davies were prominent with a good piece of combination, George Holmes and Spencer would no yield. At the home end Smith was only inches wide with a grand effort. Offside spoilt another effort by the visitors, and brought relief to the home defenders, who were beginning to show signs of distress. The home team were awarded a free-kick just inside the visitors' half. J. Smith took the kick, the ball, just when it appeared to be going over the bar, suddenly swerving and passing underneath, completely deceiving the visitors' goalie. The closing stages were contested at a very fast pace, hut no Ifurther scoring took place. Result: Bank Quay Recs., 1 goal; Paddington, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT

LEAGUE. ORFORD WHITE STAR v. FAIRFIELD

UNITED. These teams met on the ground of the first. named at Long-lane, Orford. The following players turned out under the control of Referee B. Howell:— White Star: Miller; T. Pilling and Gregory; Caldwell, Denny and Gifford; Maddock, Meachin Dunbobbin, Hankinson and Allen. United: Potter; Woodhouse and Millward; Ditchfield, Hunter and Payne; Cox, Cole, Beb- bington, Poulter and S. Woodhouse. The home team won the toss and the visitors were set to defend the Lane goal. Bebbington set the ball rolling, and the home defenders were quickly called upon, when Miller saved very well. After good play in mid-field, the visitors again swarmed down on the home goal, and Poulter scored, after ten minutes' play. Following this reverse, the homesters made a strong effort to get on level terms, and were awarded a penalty kick, which was entrusted to Meachin, who shot over the bar. This brought relief to the visitors' defence, and Hunter, who was playing a good game at centre- half, gave Poulter some neat passes, and the latter, after getting past the backs, shot straight for goal, where Miller saved, at the expense of a corner. This proved fruitless, but the visitors continued to be aggressive, Bebbington, Cole and Ditchfield being very prominent in the matter of attacking. At half-time the United were leading by one goal to nil. On the resumption, the home team had a slight breeze in their favour, and they soon settled down to their game. Millward and Woodhouse in turn cleared their lines with good kicking. Caldwell, from long range, tested Potter, but the latter saved, and then Denny spoilt a good movement by handling. From the free kick Bebbington got dang;,,rous, but was defeated by Caldwell before he could put his shot in. From this point the Star forwards im- proved, and, again assuming the aggressive, en- abled Dunbobbin to make the scores equal. Shortly afterwards Gifford gained the lead for the Stars from a penalty kick. The game was now contested very strenuously by both sets of players, and an attack, led by Meachin, was spoilt by Allen getting off-side. The free kick enabled the visitors to make an incursion into the home quarters, Hunter and Ditchfield specially shining in the attack. The latter sent out to Cox, whose shot, however, went over the bar. Play was again at the visitors' end, and Potter had to save shots from Caldwell and Gifford. Denny, who was playing a grand game at centre-half for the Stars, put Dunbobbin in possession, when the latter was well placed, and he scored the third goal. The United, mainly owing to the good combined work of Hunter, Payne and Poulter, gave trouble to the home defence, and'a penalty kick was given for hands. Ditchfield took the kick, and placed the ball well out of the reach of Miller. As time was drawing near the visitors made determined efforts to get level, but the home defence pre- vailed. Result: Orford White Star, 3 goals; Fairfield United, 2 goals.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON CONS. v. ST. BARNABAS'.

• The fixture between the above teams, brought off on the ground of the first-named, provided a very attractive encounter. The visitors, on their arrival, were minus Challinor, Taylor and Smith, and substituted Hinds in goal, Irons at centre-half, and Shaw at centre-forward. The home club were well represented. The follow- ing players turned out : Newton Cons.: Dagnall ; Lawrence and Tithers; Mort, Clark and Lennox; Beresford, Dodd, Rhubotham, Smart and Gleaves. • St. Barnabas' : Hinds; Glover and Long; I Glover, Irons and O'Neil; Millington, Walker, I Shaw, Vernon and Houghton. The referee was J. Smith. The kick off was delayed owing to the visit- ors' bag having been mislaid at the station. The visitors won the toss and defended the top goal. Rhubotham set the ball rolling, and it was soon evident the game was to be keenly con- tested, a very fast pace being set. The visitors were the first to attack, a splendid shot by Houghton, which tive home goalkeeper only par- tially cleared, being spoilt by Shaw being off- side. Following this escape, the homesters took up the attack, but met with stout opposition by Glover and Long. So strenuously was the game being contested, and so varying were the for- tunes of both sides, that the defenders at each end were frequently called upon to give proof of their quality. The homesters were, perhaps, slightly the better in attacking, but they failed to break through, Hind making several good . saves in goal. From a clearance by Long, Shaw broke past the home backs, and with a long shot just managed to beat Dagnall, after 28 min- utes' play. A few minutes later the same player was again prominent with another long shot,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CENTRAL V. LATCHFORD

RAPT I STS..

The above tea.m—s- -met in Victoria Park on Saturday for the first time. The Baptists won the toss and from the kick-off both teams played a hard game. Play was of the kick-and- rush style and was not very interesting from the spectators' point of view. At the interval nothing had been scored. t second half was contested in a far better fast. a. The Central, showing greatly im- prov,.l form, were quickly on the aggressive, and Farrel scored the first goal. Encouraged by this success, the Central were soon attacking again, and the Baptists: citadel had several narrow escapes. The visitors.had a turn at the opposite end, butothe home defenders soon sent them back. The home forwards rushed away and Farrell added a second goal. The visitors made strong efforts to reduce the arrears, but the home defence was too strong for them and the game was soon at the Baptists' end again. Holmes scored a third goal and close on time. Glover, from a penalty, added a fourth, the result being :—Central, 4 goals; Baptists, nil.

FAIRFIELD V. HOLLINS GREEN. The above teams met on Saturday,, on the Padgate-lane ground. The visitors won the toss and defended the railway goal. From the kick-off the visitors gained ground in the home territory, but were sent back, owing to Atkin- son being offside. The home team then made a raid on the visitors' end, and forced a corner. The flag-kick was well placed, but no score was made. From the goal-kick the visitors rushed towards the home goal and set up a very strong attack, but the defence proved safe. The game was keenly contested and each goal was visited. The visitors put the ball past the home goalie, but the score was disallowed on the ground that Martin was offside. This decision brought re- lief to the home defence and their outside-left raced away and centred finely, but a good chance of scoring was allowed to slip by. For the. remainder of the firSt half the visitors penned the liomesters in their own half, but failed to score. half-time arrived with the score sheet blank. On the re-start both teams quickly settled down, but the respective backs were equal to the attacks made upon them. For a while play was contested in mid-field. Etchells, the visitors' centre-half, made a grand pass to Perrins, who failed to gather the ball, and, in making an effort to recover himself, had tIA, misfortune to break his leg. The -game was at once abandoned and the unfortunate player was conveyed with all speed to the Warrington Infirmary. On the Sunday Mr. S. C. Essenhigh, the assistant secretary to the Warrington and Dis- trict League, visited the injured player at- the Infirmary," and was pleased to learn that he was progressing as satisfactorily as possible.

LONGFORD UNITED v. EARLESTOWN ST. JOHN'S MISSION.

These clubs transferred the venue of their match on Saturday from the Mission ground to the Horse and Jockey ground, where they met before a good number pf spectators. The United won the toss and decided to play against the breeze. From the kick-off the visitors at once assumed the aggressive, their left wing being particularly active. In the opening stages of the game; ,however, they failed to make use of the opportunities which came their way. Still, they continued to have most of the

===== 0002601_19141017_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
11'111

LADIES BLANCHARD'S PILLS

Are unrivalled for all irregularities, Ac, they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate all suffering. BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all pills for Women. ' Sold in horsy, 1111 by BOOTS' Branthes, TAYLOR'S puma Co. Branches and all Chemists, or post tree, same price from Leslie Martyn, Ltd., Chemists, 34, Dalston La ne,Lond on Free Sample and valuable Booklet. p

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 132-pags Illustrates'. Book,, containing Valuable Information how all Isregularities and Suppressions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recom- mended by eminent Physicians as the only Rafe. by. and Genuine Remedy, Never fails. Thousands of Testimonials. Retablished MR. PAUL BLANCHARD, Claremont House. Dalston-lane. London.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
111

NUTS & SLACK, WASHED

% I.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19141017_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
F7'l

r ":' ' . ' ;,. , ,t; • f;

===== 0002601_19141017_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7i4

===== 0002601_19141017_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I' I •

===== 0002601_19141017_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
......

SALES BY A'UCTION

- -- Apartments, 1, unushed Houses, &c.

iesses,

- _ L+l.,• A LL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO 1-11- SELL are advised to consult Mr. Cowdell. 20.

Situatlted•

'Medical. DIE S. Madame Talma's .Wmaderful -LA Remedies, sure, certain. War prices, 2s. 9d. and O. 6d. Send at once.-57, Eldon-street, New- castle-on-Tyne.

N.F.TW—PI------esh Building lonic offered everf- one. Builds flesh rapidly. Nerves strength- ened. Blood enriched. Delightful, harmless. Send for free particulars.—W. Richards and Co., Pen- caecr Money.

Situations Vacant.

Domestic Senants--Wanted.

C_ OOK-GENERAL (young) and Housemaid- ;Waitress Wanted; three in family.—Dorman, kroo lands.

GENERAL, good, Wanted for thyee, plain cooking; references reciliared.--E. A ifl LL: 102, Hampton-road, Southport.

S ERVANT, respectable, young, wa—nted. accustomed to housework.—APPl9 Halliwell, 16 Lord-street, Southport.

SERVANT W.sutea ; age 20 to 26; two in family; :nnst be able to assist in bar; refer- ence.—Hindle Tramway Hotel, Great Bolton-street, Blackburn.

ITAITRESS Wanted.—Apply personally to Ltd st. Helens Cable and Rubber Co., Ltd., War- 4.

rillgion.

STEPHEN lis.(31:•13 & SONS, LIMITED,

SHOEING AND " I'INERAL SMITHS. Ght-D. All Kinds of Agricultural In.elieamed6ntan Gas and Oil Engines Supplied. 16Is HooPsd• All Kinds of Wheat':,TEERS, dStuesArpJ, ai HOT WATER ENGII,%‘-r_ wAREDTGTON Norcick ACALESII,." -STREZ.

To be Let.

On Sale.

Wanted.

NEW Rag Cuttings, Woollen or Cotton, bought for cash.—Handley and Drury, Dews- bury. WANTED, Donkey and governess car, second-hand, good order: reply letter.—Mrs. MacLaren, Brunswick House, Bowdon. Cheshire.

BEST and Cheapest Safety Razor is "Ever- Ready," with 12 Blades. Sent post free for P.O. ss.—Depot, Johnson and Co., 11, Cranbury- road, Reading.

CHRISTMAS CARDS, containing your Photo- graph inside, is. dozen.—Samples free from Photo. Co., 198, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

GRAMOPHONE, must sell, cash wanted; polished oak cabinet, best motor, 10in. turn- table, 18in. flower horn; loud, clear, with 12 selec- tions; 45s.—Chas. Hall, 105, Dorothy-road, Leices- ter.

40 March Pullets, near laying, 3/6 each, car- riage paid. These will soon pay for themselves in eggs. Approval with pleasure.—Brown, Poultry Farm, Woolton. - -

MOTOR HEARSE, latest design, low price, easy terms; also Light Glass Rearses and Funeral Cars; photos free; write for particulars.— Marston's. 24, Bradford-street, Birmingham. -

NEW CUTTINGS, Woollen or Cotton, bought for cash. Write for price list.—Handley and Drury, Dewsbury, Yorkshire.

0N SALE, grand forward Pullets; splendid winter layers, 2s. 9d. each; fully-grown Gos- lings, 4s. each; also fat Cockerels in any quantitY. Free on rail at Rochdale.—Miller, New Mill, Small bridge, Rochdale.

U PAGE BOOK about HERBS and How to Use Them, free; send for one.—Trimnell, The Herbalist, 144, Richmond-road, Cardiff. Estab- lished 1879. - - - •

------- t! Patriotic Handkerchiefs, 2 Cycle Flags, if-, post free.—Brightman, 68, Yarburgh-street, Manchester.

pIANO, 10 guineas, fine tone. Easy terms.- 62. St. Marv-strPet. Wmrrincrtnn.

pULLETS, 2 months old 10/-, 3 months 15/- doz.—Brown, 251, High-street, Stratford.

PEAT MOSS LITTER users save money when 1- they buy from The Oakhanger Moss Litter Co., Ltd., Alsager, Cheshire. Write for .prices.

RUBBER Goods Direct.—Send is. for six assorted samples and instructive booklet for the married. Lists free.—Holloway and Co., 489. Bordesley-green, Birmingham.

T" pull Terrier Puppies for Sale; all white; grand pedigree; cheap.—Passant, 70, Hodges- street, Wigan.

TO FARMERS.—UsefuI half-legged Mare, in foal to Congleton Premier. Hodgkinson, Boundary-lane, Congleton.

T HREE good second-hand Horses for Sale, suitable for Farmers.—Apply Robert M. Lind- say, Corn Merchant, Bolton-street, Bury.

T 0 sell or exchange anything advertise in " Walton's Emporium" (24 words 6d.). Copy Post free lid.—Address Walton's Emporium, Hebden Bridge. riIHOUSANDS of Cabbage Plants, all leading strains, 2s. 6d. 1,000; satisfaction assured.— Emmerton, Maulden, Amphill, Beds: V'VIOLA CUTTINGS, White and Yellow, Planted now, make a fine show. 10d. 100, ss. 6d. 1,000. Rooted, Pd. dozen; ss. 100; post free. —H. Blacker, Rosemount, Penrhiweeiber, Glam. WET GHAINS.—We have a feufk lots of V Grains to dispose of, at Winter and Summer prices.—For particulars apply The Acme Feeding Meals Co., Tiowe-street, Pollard-street. Manchester. WELSCEI PONY, 11 hands; COB, 13 hands; two sets Harness. Spring market Cart —Apply 19, Percival-street; Dairy, Longsight, Manchester.

. .

-s

===== 0002601_19141017_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
iZ • 4,„:.,'

-

If 1.

13,

' 1

1

,

I 1 i w, . ilt: I

\

...)

ill

OP i,AO4 ..'!'

ti ' ;., , k 4

t

li 1" 1., 004' 4 1 t4' ' it s Is ' 4 4 t 0.

A

i

v: r,..:', ~,.)

,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0160.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19141017_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19141017_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1914.

is considered to be a precautionary measure in view of the uncertainty of the political situation in Constantinople. According to advices from Bulgaria, the Yawuz Sultan Selim (Goeben) and the Medelu (Breslau), in company with other units of the Ottoman Navy, have been seen proceeding north- wards. Reports from Constantinople are increasingly unfavourable to the maintenance of Turkish neutrality. The Porte is stated to have super- seded the International Sanitary Commission in pursuit of its policy of completely emancipat- ing the country from the incidence of interna. tion al obligations.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRESS OF THE

WAR.

Summary of Authentic News From All Involved Areas.

SPECIALLY COMPILED FOR "THE EXAMINER."

WEEK.

progress, and that battle had been joined along the line of the Vistula from Iwangorod to San- domir.

The Russians had re-established themselves at Skiermewiec, 40 miles to the south-west of War- saw.

According to the Berlin wireless circular the capturing of Russian prisoners goes on as mer- rily as ever, but it is remarkable that the Ger- man progress is far from worthy of so many victories. Even on the hurried retreat from the Neimen many thousand Russians were taken, an unusual achievement for an army so fast to the rear as the Germans then were. _ _

On the left bank of the Vistula, during the battle which took place on the 13th inst., the Russian troops repelled the German attacks directed on Warsaw and Ivangorod. Fighting is taking place to the south of Przemysl.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
ELEVENTI FALL OF ANTWERP

GERMANS ATTEMPT TO OVER- RUN BELGIUM.

Antwerp was evacuated on Friday last.week, after a -bombardment by heavy guns that com- pletely outranged the guns at the disposal of the defenders

Before the end came and afterwards terrible scenes were witnessed in the neighbourhood of the town. Roads were packed with weary men, women, and children, fleeing from the terror of bombardment and making pathetic efforts to carry with them such of their goods as they had been able to rescue from the wreck of their homes.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH ASSISTANCE.

When the end came it was announced that in response to an appeal by the Belgian Govern- ment, a Marine Brigade and two Naval Bri- gades, about 8,000 men, together with some heavy naval guns, manned by a detachment of the Royal Navy, the whole under the command of General Paris, R.M.A., were sent by His Majesty's Government to participate in the de- fence of Antwerp during the last week of the I attack.

They performed their duty most gallantly and resolutely. They offered to cover the retreat of the garrison, but General de Guise preferred that the last troops to leave the city should be Belgian. Two of the brigades have reached Ostend safely with all the :leavy guns, but the let Naval Brigade were cut off by the German attack west of Antwerp, and 2,000 officers and men entered Dutch territory and laid down their arms.

An Amsterdam report states that over 20000 Belgian troops were compelled to retreat into Dutch territory. The Germans are reported to have demanded a war contribution of .C 20,000,000. The German commander, General Baseler, has issued a proclamation to the remaining inhabit- ants warning them against "refractory con- duct," which "may lead to the demolition of your beautiful city."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
GOVERNMENT REMOVED TO FRANCE.

The Belgian Government has arrived at Le Havre, where its members were welcomed in the name of France by M. Augagneur, the French Minister of Marine.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STRUGGLE IN FRANCE.

GREAT GERMAN - EFFORT TO BREAK THROUGH. ALLIES STAND FIRM.

Almost simultaneously with the fall of Ant- werp, Lille, in the north of France, was occupied by a German Army Corps, and there were indi- cations that a supreme effort was to be made to sweep the coast in Belgium and break through the Allies' defence by a turning movement on the left. The exact position of the new front in Flanders was uncertain, but it appeared that the enemy was in force at Selzaete and at Gbent, while his cavalry was in action at Thourout, Dixmude, Ypres, Hazebrouck-, and Bethune. Better news came on Thursday, when it was reported that the Allied troops had occupied Ypres, in Belgium, which was recently in the possession of the Germans. In fighting which took place near Ghent on Monday and Tuesday, it was announced that British troops had taken part. Cavalry engagements continued in the region to the west of Lille and are believed to extend as far west as Bailleul.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKED PROGRESS ON THE FRONT.

There has been a marked decrease of vitality on the part of the enemy on the front and on the lower part of their right wing. The proba- bilities are that men had been largely with- drawn for concentration in the neighbourhood of Lille.

The French gained "some real advantages " at several points north of the Oise. Slight progress was announced on the old en- trenched front north of the Aisne, "particularly north-west of Soissons," where the British forces on the Aisne are supposed to be. Attacks on the Allied lines in the neighbour- hood of Lassigny and Roye have had no success. Between Arras and Albert, the French made marked progress, as also between Laon and Reims.

At the eastern end of the line the German attack south-east of Verdun was renewed on Friday night and Saturday, with great violence, but the French, after losing and retaking the village of Apremont, were at the finish holding their ground.

- On the Upper Meuse the attempts of the Ger- mans to recover the ground which they had steadily been losing during the past ten days were, in spite of violent efforts on their part, fruitless.

A recrudescence of activity is officially re- ported in the Vosges, where a German offensive to the north of St. Die has been repulsed. In the Woevre it appears that the Germans are not in a position to attack the Verdun forts, in spite of the assertions of Berlin to the con- trary.

ALLIES GAINING GROUND. Germany advantage gained at Antwerp. Her troops are is pushing with feverish energy the marching westward and had reached iati Wednes- day evening the Bruges and Thielt district. Ostend was threatened and large numbers of refugees have arrived in English. ports' from Belgium.

News from France is good. On the Allied left, where some British troops are now engagrd, notable progress has been made about Lens, Arras and Albert. Further north, save that the enemy have left the Channel banks of the Lys, the Scheldt's most westerly tributary, the posi- tion is unchanged. Near Rheims in the centre and beyond the Meuse, where the Verdun-Metz road has been aproached, the French have ad- vanced. • PROGRESS MAINTAINED. Yesterday afternoon it was reported that the progress which was indicated by Thursday's communication is confirmed. On our left wing the action of the Allied Forces extends from the region of Ypres to the sea. _ _

===== 0002601_19141017_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
RUSSIA AND GERMANY.

SECRECY AND CONFLICTING REPORTS.

Some uncertainty exists as to the disposition of.the forces arranged in Poland, but this week the Germans appeared to occupy a front from near Mszconow, 26 miles from Warsaw, and to the south of the railway from that capital to Skierniewice, and Grojec nearer to the Vistula. In the south an Austro-German force has ad- vanced along the left bank of that river from a spot due north of Tarnow to a front between Opatow and Sandomir. The Russians were holding the line of the Vistula from Sandomir to Iwangorod. According to a " Times " Petrograd corre- spondent the hostile forces in Poland amount to 28 army corps. It appears that the Germans have no great confidence in • the fighting qualities of their Allies, as they are reported to have taken the precaution to brigade Austrians with German troops. Russia has been very quiet, but has claimed some successes, which on the other han'd Ger- many and Austria have denied. The Russian assertion that attache by the enemy had been repulsed suigested that the reinforced German Army had been trying, to take revenge for its defeat on the Niemen. News from French 'sources asserted that the German retreat into East Prussia was still in

,

===== 0002601_19141017_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INVASION OF HUNGARY.

Reports from Hungary seem to show that the Russian movement through the passes of the Carpathians was something more than a mere raid. Telegrams from Rome and Bukarest indi- cate that the Russian invasion of Transylvania is more formidable than the Hungarian Govern- ment at first affected to believe.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
PRZENISYL.

Reports of Relief Contradicted. The Austrians claimed to have repulsed a Russian attack on Przemysl, which was relieved. On the other hand, it is reported that an ad- vance on the part of an Austro-German force in Galicia in the direction of Przemysl has met with a sharp repulse. This engagement con- sorted ill with the Austrian announcement that the siege of Przemysl had been raised, a state- ment which is further discounted by the Rus- sian details of the progress of their attack upon that fortress.

The Petrograd official report says the position is unchanged in East Prussia, on the Middle Vis- tula, and on the San. In Galicia, south of Przemysl, a Russian column has defeated the Austrians and taken from them 300 prisoners and several machine guns.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH AIR RAID

SUCCESSFUL ATTACK ON ZEPPELIN

SHEDS.

The Naval airmen have carried out another successful raid on the Zeppelin sheds at Dussel- dorf—a task requiring the greatest enterprise and daring, since the attack made some time ago has no doubt put the defence of these vul- nerable places on their guard. The attack was made by Squadron-Commander G. A. Spencer-Grey and Lieutenants R. L. G. Marix and S. V. Sippe. Bombs were dropped by Lieutenant Marix from a height of 500 ft. They pierced the roof of the airship shed, and flames shot up some hundreds of feet into the air, evidently as the result of the gas of an air- ship being set on fire.

The airlen are safe, but their aeroplanes have been lost.

GERMAN BOMB THROWING. Encouraged by their success in wounding a little girl on Thursday. German aviators on Sunday dropped twenty bombs over Paris, kill- ing three persons and wounding 14. The roof of the Cathedral of Notre Dame was struck. _ _

Other bombs were dropped on Mon-day on Paris by a German airman. No great damage was done.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
REBELLION IN SOUTH AFRICA.

RESULT OF GERMAN INTRIGUE.

In South Africa Lieutenant-Colonel Maritz, who was in command of the British forces operating against German South-West Africa, has produced a German general's commission, and, after arresting the loyal officers and men of his command, has taken up his new duties and sent an ultimatum to the Union Govern- ment.

It is obvious that this open rebellion, says the "Times," is the result of very careful and con- sidered plotting on.the part of the Germans, and, as such, is an illuminating example of the laborious underhand preparations made by Ithe enemy during the years of peace for the discolu- fiture of Great Britain when the day should dawn. Apart from the moral satisfaction that Mr. Maritz's action will undoubtedly afford in Ber- rin, his defection can have but little effect upon the military situation in South Africa. It has, moreover, already produced gratifying demon- strations of loyalty throughout the Union, where Afrikander opinion on all sides is outspoken in condemnation of so shameful a betrayal. The Government has declared martial law. Later news shows the rebellion to be still more insignificant from a military point of view than was at first supposed. Steps are being taken throughout the Union to counteract any possible ramifications of the German conspiracy, and ecclesiastical influence is being brought to bear in the same direction.

INDIGNATION ROUSED. Recruiting in South Africa for the Army under the command of General Botha is proceeding briskly. The revolt of Maritz has had its in- evitable result in arousing the indignation of loyal South Africans, Dutch and English. The Legislative Council of Southern Rhodesia has requested the Government to raise a con- tingent of 1,000 men to be equipped and main- tained out of the proceeds of new taxation. General Botha will take the field much sooner than he had intended, and will place himself at the head of a strong force composed in part of Boer commandoes. Several disaffected persons, among them German agents, have been arrested under martial law. Many plots against the Empire are believed to have been hatched, but the situation is well in hand, and there is no ground for anxiety. The rush to enlist in the Union's regiments continues.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
AT SEA. RUSSIAN CRUISER SUNK. German Submarines' Attach in the

Baltic.

On October 10, in the Baltic, German submar- ines unsuccessfully attacked the Russian cruiser Admiral Makaroff. On the following day, how- ever, submarines again attacked the Russian cruisers and sank the Pallada with all hands.

EMDEN'S ASSISTANTS CAUGHT. German means of communication on the high seas are gradually being destroyed by the ac- tivities of British warships. The Admiralty an- nounced that ILM.S. Yarmouth, Captain Henry L. Cochrane, has sunk the German liner Markomannia off, Sumatra and has captured the Greek steamer Pontoporos. Both these ships have been engaged in coaling the Emden, and were with her during her raid on British commerce in the Bay of Bengal last month.

CAPTURE OF WIRELESS STATION. The Secretary of the. Admiralty states that a communication has been received by the Gov- ernment of the Commonwealth of Australia from the Administrator at Rabaul, reporting the cap- ture of the small German sailing vessel Comet, which was found to have a complete wireless telegraph station on board.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
TURKISH FLEET MOVEMENT.

A southerly movement of the Russian Black Sea Fleet is announced from Constanza. This

4

_

===== 0002601_19141017_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH CRUISER SUNK.

ONLY 52 RESCUED.

The Secretary of the Admiralty makes the following announcement :

- Thesus (Captain Hugh Edwards, R.N.) was attacked by a submarine in the Northern waters of the North Sea on Thursday afternoon, but was missed. H.M.S. Hawke (Captain Hugh E. Williams, RN.) was attacked about the same time and was sunk. , The following officers, together with 49 men of the crew, have been landed at Aberdeen from a trawler:—

Mr. Sidney Austin, boatswain; Mr. James Dennis, gunner; and Mr. Harry G. T. Evitt, acting gunner.

The remaining officers and men are missing. The Admiralty announces that Lieutenant- Commander Kosoman and 20 men of H.M.S. Hawke have been saved from a raft. The llawke was commissioned in 1893, and was the oldest of 17 protected, cruisers in the Navy list. She had a displacement of 7,350 tons and had attained a speed of 20.9 knots. She carried two 9.21 n., ten 6.in'. and 17 smaller quick-firing guns, together with two machine guns. The Hawke cost £400,702 when built.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUIVIANIA.

DEATH OF THE KING.

The death of the King of Roumania, which took place suddenly on Saturday, may have an important bearing on the continuance of Rou- mania's neutrality in the war. A prince of the house of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, King Charles was bound by family and personal ties to the Royal House of Prussia, and as the move- ment rose in Roumania for joining in the war against Austria he was understood to have de- clared that he would rather abdicate than sign a declaration of war against Austria and Ger- many. The new King is a younger son of King Charles's elder brother, Prince Leopold of Hohenzollern-Sigtnaringen, is 49 years of age, and for 25 years has been the heir presumptive. King Ferdinand issued on Sunday a proclama- tion that he would follow in the steps of his pre- decessor and realise the ideals of the Roumanian race.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
ITALY.

A correspondent in Rome reports that it is now difficult for Italian-speaking Austrian sub- jects to leave Trieste. The " Messagero" under- stands that the Lord Lieutenant of the Littoral has selected hostages among the Italian-speak- ing population to be arrested in case of war with Italy.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORTS FOR OUR SOLDIERS. GOODS POUR IN, BUT NEED STILL

GREAT.

Mrs. Edelsten reports : Thursday was an exceptionally good day at the Town Hall, from the large number of really good, well-made articles that poured in-382 in all. A splendid contribution (the third dona- tion) came from the Women's Liberal Associa- tion, per Mrs. Osborne 4 One ,hundred and thirty- two warm woollen and flannel garments went to Lady Jellicoe for the use of the Navy. A parcel of hospital requirements and magazines went to Fazakerley ; 70 articles went to Lady Barr's depot in Liverpool, for the use of hospitals at the front; 72 socks and belts for Warrington sol- diers went to the Conservative Club in exchange for a bundle of scarves.

Mrs. Pemberton gratefully accepted a large bundle of new and second-hand clothing for the Belgians at St. Austin's.

Tiae need is still great : warm clothing of all descriptions will be gladly received.

SOAP AND GOOD LUCK.

"GOOD LUCK"Tablet 0 to Hie Majesty's Army

!Mex.

SOAP TABLETS. The Government have accepted the offer of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., War- rington, to supply, free, half a million tablets of soap to the troops. The first instalment of 100,000 tablets has already been sent abroud to the Expeditionary Force. The rem3inder will be delivered to the troops in this country and abroad as soon as possible. Our illustration shows the kind of neat package into which the soap has been made.

'The os presented ..41111.1.111.11111111.3 ptritertoto.ri t pan, -- 'OOl5 4 0,11 ---T;l6"Kgi CPO Be lgt 0 0 • FRONT.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
PAY FOR WIVES OF SOLDIERS. How to Rectify any Cause for Complaint.

There have been complaints respecting the subposed inadequacy of the amounts that have I been paid to the wives and families of soldiers. The War Office, who naturally have had a diffi- cult task to meet all the work that has been suddenly thrown on each department, are get- ting the question of allowance settled on a satis- factory basis. Much of the misunderstanding has arisen because of the uncertainty as to the allotments made by the men themselves as to allowances from their pay for -their wives. We are asked to say that any woman who does not get the right amount will have her allow- ance put in order if she will apply to the offi- cials at the Parr Hall. It is not necessary to go to the trouble of writing to the War Office. WIVES' PEACEFUL RAID ON THE POST

OFFICE. Quite a raid was made by the wives and de- pendents of our gallant defenders upon the War- rington Post Office on Monday, the first day for the paying out of the new separation allow- ances.

The messenger boys' room was turned- into I the distributing centre, the applicants being ad- Mated in batches. During the day over 800 cases called for the attention of the officials, and 1,000 per week will probably prove to be the future average. Dependents can receive their money on any clay during the ordinary hours that the Post Office is open for money transactions. More- over, if it is more convenient, the allowances may be obtained at a sub post office, by the filling up of a transfer form. OVER £l,OOO IN LOCAL RELIEF. Yesterday an "Examiner" representative was informed , that during the week, the Soldiers' and Saflors' Families' Association, whose local office is at the Parr Hall, had relieved about 1,000 Warrington families. This relief has now been in operation for ten weeks, during which time assistance has been afforded in over 1,250 local cases. The total sum paid amounts to over £l,lOO.

Meant Well. • An Irish recruit was once brought up for breaking into barracks—that is, getting over the wall instead of entering by the gate. "But, Murphy," said the Officer, ." though you were late you should have come in by the gate." " Plaise, yer honour," said Murphy, "I was afraid of waking the sentry."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS.

MERRY MUSICAL MELANGE AT THE ROYAL COURT.

"The Pride of Byzantia "—a vastly enter- taining hybrid between musical comedy and pantornime—is drawing big crowds to the Royal Court Theatre this week, and deservedly so, for a right merry trifle, full of fun and lilting Tags, which latter, needless to say, include in ir number one or two stirring patriotic items a species of lyric effort which makes an irre- sistible appeal to all hearers in these days. The piece goes with a swing from start to finish, and what it lacks in plot—and who wants a plot in this sort of production?—it makes up for in music and merriment. Since the play was last staged .at the Royal Court it has undergone revision, with the result that it is now, in the words of the showman, "slap-bang up-to-date !" The principal fun-maker is Mr. Will Lindsay, who, as "Sammy Blenkinsop fm' Yorkshire," is a host in himself, and keeps the risible facul- ties of the audience busy the whole time he is on the stage. Mr. Charles-Tolcher, as "Adolph from Paris," helps nobly in the task of laugh- ter-raising, and Messrs. James Chippendale and Albert Cavendish also do their best to add to the swelling chorus of chuckles. Miss Madge Soutter as "Sarah Ann," makes the most of the part ot a skittish old dame, and Miss Minnie Myrle is charming as "Mabel Rivers," her vocal contributions to the merry medley of song, dance and witticism including "Missis- sippi Lou," in which she has the assistance of Little Mary O'Hara (who plays the part of a Waif) and of the Eight Sunbeams, an octette of winsome wee lassies, who dance and sing in a manner that captivates all hearts. Miss Mabel Medrow acts cleverly, dances gracefully, and sings charmingly in the title-role, and it is interesting to know that she has Leon engaged to succeed no less a star in the theatrical firma- ment than Miss Clarice Mayne in the next pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Leeds. The remainder of a long caste is well filled and the piece is sumptuously staged and dressed, and it can be conscientiously recommended to all in search of a harmless two-hour frivol.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

As usual, the programme submitted at the Hippodrome this week is an excellent one, being pleasantly varied and highly entertaining. The "turn" provided by Captain Fred 'Woodward's sea lions and seals is strongly reminiscent of the circus ring of our boyhood, and it is proving decidedly popular. The seals are described as "the most wonderful performing animals," and seeing that they belong to one of the lowest fornis of creature life and have been trained to sing, juggle and play "football" with their snouts, one cannot but think that the descrip- tion has more of the virtue of truth about it than does many a showman's announcement. A pathetic story of humble life is embodied in the sketch "The Sneak Thief," which is ably presented by May Stafford Smith and company, Miss Smith being very highly successful in the title role. Dacre and Lynton sing remarkably well and their musical scene, "The Tenor and the Burglar," is very pleasing. Nerve is a clever hat manipulator, with a host of new tricks, and his eccentric acrobatic dancing is most skilful. Adkin is a smart ventriloquist, whose gags and stories are new and witty. Kitty Dale, a musical .comedy star, pays a first visit to the hall, and is very well received, her singing being highly effective. The Holsons are patter comedians and simultaneous dancers, with a style of their own, and they are loudly applauded for their efforts. Next Week's Attractions.

"The Courtiers," in a musical-comedy scena, top a good bill for next week, and other turns will be given by the Bradshaw Brothers, eccen- tric acrobats; Josephine Langley, lady ventrilo- quist; Victor Wakeman, "the human gramo- phone"; Melt and Bray, comedians; Damerell and Rutland, comedians; and Mr. and Mrs. Manning in "Our Wedding Anniversary."

===== 0002601_19141017_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTUREDROME.

A programme replete with good things was submitted at the Picturedrome on the first three nights of this week. " The Barrier of Ignor- ance" was the "star" film, and it proved to he a powerful drama, in which the various drama- tic situations were exceedingly well portrayed. Laughter came without effort at the clever comedy "Outlined and Outwitted," which pic- tured the scheme by which a silhouette artist got "pa's consent" on behalf of a fellow crafts- man. " Sisters " was the title of a film tale of human interest, and which was much appre- ciated. The inimitable and bulky John Bunny, whose facial control, allied to his heroic dimen- sions, has proved his fortune, made his appear- ance via the admirable .comic film, "Bunny's Mistake.s A beautifully tinted and lifelike pic- ture, showing river scenes in Normandy, was much admired by all lovers of the beautiful in Nature, and was a fine illustration of the pitch of perfection to which the bioscope photographer has brought his art. The pictured story of a committee desirous of stamping out vice, and which to that end raided a gambling house, took the gaming machines, and who were "Caught with the goods," proved very humorous, and was responsible for more than one hearty peal of laughter from the audience. The ninth of the series of films depicting the adventures of "Lucille Love," was of a most interesting description, the fight on the roof, which was the outstanding incident, proving most exciting. The management of the theatre have thought- fully arranged that members of his Majesty's forces, when in uniform, shall be admitted at half-price. German Spy Film Next Week. The star-film, in the programme for the early part of next week will be "The Reformation of Calliope," which deals with the "making good" of a Western settlement scallywag. For the remainder of the week "0.11.111.5., ' which has been specially produced since the com- mencement of the war, will be the principal attraction. It tells a thrilling story of Ger- man espionage in England.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE HOUSE.

Visitors to the Picture House invariably come away pleased with the programme submitted for their delectation, and that gone through at ,the beginning of the week was no exception to the rule. "Shot at Midnight," which headed the " bill," proved to be a drama containing many clever situations. It was full of interest and excitement, and could be classed amongst, the best of this kind of film story. The comic element was not overlooked in the arrangement of the programme for the first part of the week, the "Haunted Hotel," "Bad Game," and "The Vapour Bath" being the titles of really first- rate comedies. "The Spirit of Madonna" and " The Price of Vanity" were two dramas of thrilling interest well worth seeing, whilst "Frolicsome Bears" was an excellent educa- tional subject.

Local War Film Next Week. The big item in next week's programme will be the screening of a film showing the latest recruits for the 4th Battalion of the South Lancashire Regiment and the members of the Warrington and District Preparatory Train- ing Corps undergoing their training. The pictures have been specially taken for the enterprising management at considerable trouble and expense. "The String of Pearls" is the title of a fine drama-film secured for the first three nights, and on the last three nights "The Finger Prints" and "The Counter- feiters" will form the big attractions.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
STAR KINEMA.

Two fine bills of fare were Placed before patrons at the Star Kinema this week. Many excellent draniota films were shown .during the first three days, included in their number being "A Leech of Industry" and "Stolen Plans," both of which dealt with the business world; Whilst "The Other Man" provided drama of a strong domestic interest. A splen- did issue of the "Gaumont Graphic" included a special, "In the Wake of the Huns," deal- ing with the war abroad. An entertaining comedy film, "Mack at it again," provided the humorous element • The second attractive programme, now show- ing, includes. "The Defence of Most"; the problem-film, "Was She Justified?"; and an- other instructive war picture, "Stricken Belgium." Next Week. A topical film depicting "The Fall of Ant- werp" will form the chief attraction at the Star Rinenaa daring the first half of next week, Whilst "The Sack of Termoncle" and "The Battle of Lebeke" figure in the programme for the remaining three days.

===== 0002601_19141017_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
scmga, .I"their I

Worth ‘ovntif, y

..

FOR THE WOUNDED HADDON COURT CONVERTED

A HOSPITAL.

Public Inspection. Warrington is doing its share toward provision for the treatment of the w°tekt of un The widespread activities of that grea,T, humane societies, the Red Cross Soef!Loiy° elude the establishment of a teruporarl for the purposes of the present war at Court, Latchford, under the auspices" Cheshire branch, of which Katharine vu a Westminster is president. tO Raddon Court, which has been society by Messrs. Greenall, •Val"-to "9 Co., the owners, lends itself admirablf purpose, containing, as it does, manY ,81),diche rooms, the windows of nearly all c7h t tha' overlook the delightful gardens, 80 wounded who may be tended there 80• ) nursed back to health and strengtdol almost ideal surroundings. A great top 0, work lias been entailed in the PrePailf Per the house, but this has been williag,;y9io.l/ formed by members of the Daresbul ulc„:1103 of the Red Cross Society, of which 308 Broadbent is a vice-president. A OS; • EIGHT WELL-APPOINTED v• ,-ri ou 141 • d g the llundreas of persons have vist'te spected the new temporary hospital at's'tl'oe week, and their unanimous_ opinion e• iv °it: rangements made may be summed word " splendid." The seven w-reorgrr. addition to an isolation ward, have bcl fi'tjB f" anged and are furnished in a neat an, beiPo ic fashion, the desire f 90", of.e allowed to interfere with 011ie seenertaoP,h'e pleasant effect. One could not we',"4l in p any place more pleasant for an inv,,gt'd ll hoaoaymn, would convalescent ai,h,(iejouolsidpnai look oot kagveeeus a rent yoo d n tastefullymsreearce conservatory, hautoitr myovi a r:ttter;il::etbsil 0:10-01ieo some generously-disposed local gardelle„er cioie34 contribute a few pot plants, flowerin f g 14" or preference. In the wards there °re,iteotl:l beds, and these, as well as various 70g1)".11, articles of clothing, and indeed everYtillsre beefe' ised in the equipment of the hospit°,lllfauroita,JB like the many handsome pieces oirph^o,- o"B',,pd either generously given or lent. with officers' quarters, operating „w" ,:s a","titi• 'stores are on the first and second the comfortable nurses' rooms are on are ir The nurses' dining-room and kitcliesilurgicilrlioo appointed, but utensils, as well 88 aca struments, are still needed. Clothes allt the ..'eof other articles are also asked for, so Oa, zed; el: pita' may be used as soon as possible. soe'ep officer visited the building last week,' •ruive the requirements for which he askea,:;ii neti supplied, the hospital will be ahs°lll-esr for occupation. The arrangements are to be complete by this wfstak-end. rLPEßS'lloce THE. OFFICIALS AND The local officials of the societY jeiale done so much good work are—Tow:Al 31/613„te, Daresbury, Mrs. Davies; Grappeniuna' ;I)fes„,"er; M. Appleton; Latchford, Mrs. a• f3°)e!et' a• Mrs. Wynne Jones; Stretton, gr whit Stockton Heath, Mrs. Segar 01"..,,-n;,,Dagelpar3 Mrs. W. Fletcher. The Board of on.tua„,Bo, at Raddon Court consists of the C 11310,0 'off Treasurer (Miss Sylvia Broadbent)'}. A. / ship leaders and the -following: MrB.A,re 0 ch, 319? (quartermaster, Cheshire 22); _Airs. M. Broadbent (commandant, Cbeshir:, gecti D. Monks (commandant, Cheshire 44' C. Briggs (chaplain), Mr. Seeker, 3,i`Lbite 46). lam, Dr. Bower (medical officer, Cob'er;birefir and Dr. Hutton (medical office, 7....tatP,'falh:: Miss M. Fairclongh is the hon. se6"-5 - nursing staff will be: Mrs. Reynolda/° d Nl:'d 11!' an Nurse Stubbs (trained nurse) train s(iP,6 , (trained nurse), whilst another The/ iitoye will be appointed if necessary. s m the Jet' assisted by the following embers O. , C 841). tory Aid Detachment (Cheshire Vairclieeton. Mesdames Clarke, Davies, Eric g 0111, Greenall and Turner, and the Mcloogloae,°' Beswick, Ellison, D. Evans, S„.. G. Fairclough, Horrabin, Nicholson, Pigot, Ridgway, Itona'vouth,s Skelland, Stone and Venn. 3111,,,' Pigot, Miss D. Pigot, and Miss be the cooks, and Mr. Oscar Ilarribe ••• 3' pharmacist. Assistance will als°„. itiutar.'olBe,"; the following members of the " 3NfeBlls Detachment (Cheshire 48): Cadentfo°t%alln'('' Broady, Fletcher, Halton, Lig.n, putts Turo'ii, Mclntyre, and the Misses Grocott, Hepherd, Tinsley, T°ns-rst3clikillso Whittle. Mrs. Webb and Miss Ix°,ootio-,:es,,R this detachment, will assist in tbe, vc.- l?e,.s It is expected that Haddon Court' sohliced- for the reception of wounded 00' be 0 ta Monday, and patients will then 21 hours' notice. d ir°fa The hospital will he °pea 5 o'clock, admission be, But for our sorrows we shoow appreciate our joys. • „all An American Opinion. t 13,0 The real stingy man will °llia g° nose, and save wear and tear On

iee°

C Printed(Warrington), Limited; at epT•Eitree:t axeendoriAglirx retago: te _NanElcs;RtPhr Church-street, sirffint:the ie-ispgtt. Works; Ile e-e rt° • ;;t: estown, all irt:nfellitt i the victorleluee ri: Yt, ir;:fe-t°l t e rjjw °'; ot Chester.

/

_AI

===== 0002601_19141017_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IFFE CONGREGATIONAL L'uRCH, BEWSEY-ST, WARRINGTON. "11°W (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18th, 1914. 10.30: Rev. T. T. JAMES, M.A. 3.30: Rev. H. W. CALLOW, M.A. B.D. (of Golborne)• A ?S.A. for Men at 3 p.m. —!Service, WEDNESDAY, 7.30.

LSTREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, Rpt,„_ WARRINGTON. • •uw (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18th, 1914. 10.30: Rev. W. T. DERRY, M.A. 6.30: Rev. H. WILLIAMSON, B.A. we.lCome. Hymn Books Provided.

-- ) z -ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. 4A, (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18th, 1914. 10.30: Rev. H. T. DIXON. 114 g, 6.30- Rev. W. T. W T DERRY, M.A.A. Wel • .....__ come, Hymn Books Provided.

'STREET PRIMITIVE METHODISI CHURCH. 2Raw - (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18th, 1914. 11ling. 10.30: Mr. H. BILLINGHAM. 6.30: Mr. J. GRIFFITHS.

lIEETINCI ROOM. sTiu,STARET, WARRINGTON. Free Bible OCU A y NEXT. at 6.30 p.m. Subject: vurpose with the Jews and their land. 'as that it will So (JA be realised." Mr. T. RILEY. Liverpool.

(:),,YN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, " LLDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. SUNDAY, • OCTOBER 16th. • Rev. WM. REID. ,ajn• The Ministry, of the Shadow.', " Ephesus bmyrna Pergamum.

0R D BAPTIST CHURCH. 'lol.tßOw (SUNDAY), OCT. 18th, 1914. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. Preacher: Rev. 3. S. CHEDBTJRN. I°llling, 10.30. Evening, 6.30. Anthems by the Choir. .lections on behalf of Church Fund. jIiNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH, It°W (w:VitiIkY.)L°('OTOBER 18th, 1914. Yreacher: itev. li. 014-.UEIN, " The Unexplained in Daily Life." Lg. 6.30 " Bernhardi and Britain." Conversation to iollow. Soloist . • Illidame Heywood.

TREET CHAPEL. WARRINGTON. OCTOBER 18th, 1914. islovilEy. IRVINE LISTER. 10.30: " Repentance." " The Strength or the Spiritual Life.'

6:l'7E WESLEYAN CHURCH. WESLEY GUILD. c.IIGE JACKSON, B.A. (of DidsburY)• 4t 7.30 THURSDAY, OCT. 22nd. "130 Being Brave: A Message for the hour." Or Guild and School Building Funds. are Heartily Invited. ji 8 GREEN INDEPENDENT CHURCH, CAIRO-STREET. ?NiVERSARY SERMONS, OCTOBER 18th. Preacher: L• -•• HUNTER, Esq., 3.P., Of Leigh. y°s., 10.45. Evening, 6.0. e'l7ciaa Anthems by the Choir. in aid of the Church Funds.

[11,,,,1TEL CHURCH (REFORMED A:OPAL). BOLD-ST., WARRINGTON. AyBST THANKSGIVING srßvicEs Will be held (rhrty on ', O,WAY, OCTOBER 18th, 1914- 4.M., 3 p.m., and 6.30 p.m- -4, Special Preacher: 7:Ar• A. H. EARDLEY Philip's, Adlington). 6:Nil' render SPECIAL ANTHEMS. "nist: Mr. J. W. Jowett. 13e".ores or iAllSeaaurel Freie.Expenses. Public Notices.

11INARy ANNOUNCEMENT.UL I___Y (WA 4 POREIGIN BIBLE SO ''I3ItINGTON AUXILIARY). C6"1\1111/AL MEETING, y .;OPERATIVE HALL, •r4VENING OCTOBER 29th, 1914. '•J. Speaker: RITSON, M.A. (London).

• EA. lILLGIAN T i EIikS:eADD and Mrs. HAYWARD beg all Workers and friends for their eehtributions and presence on, Thurnst- -4:4t. pleased to say the amou ' Wes £llO. -

:1.13.1411 LANCASHIRE REGIMENT -I\ICL OV WALES' VOLUNTEERS) t ICC:47 AT THE FRONT. '4LAND-BLACKBURNE earnestly t`).r Conaforts for the men of .the above See e, Helmets, Bootlaces, Vests, :I'4eee, Briar Pipes, Cigarettes, Choce- Z Handkerchiefs, Soap, Vaseline, Gloves, Indelible Pencils and Money to buy them with, to Nll, Liverpool. '\4IIONAI, CHILDREN'S HOME (p, '1"11:1 ORPHANAGE n.blthded by Dr. Stephenson). /"AIMBOROTJGH BOYS' BAND Alba., AND CHOIR "INCITON CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SX,ANREYSTREBT OCTOBER 28th, at 7.30 P.m. tit„ ;an: C. E. PARKER, Esq. Second Seats, Gd.; Admission, 3d. National Children's Home and epared to receive Orphan 14ttle°' Soldiers and Sailors who may fall "oaasi ".:S'eed appeals for a Generous ALLO.I, Response. i'lllll ESUFFER I W-f°N Old English Fair ComPeti- '' J,N.N• *;l?)ing numbers—B. 279; T.T. 538; 'l3; J. 460; and J. 438. ntICKLEYBt CO. LTD. wARRINGToN. 411latle Contractors ...11101. AND STEAM. '1414r1 "*HTIOVing a speciality. 49ply 94 & 96, CHURCH STREET TELEPHONE 108 (lotr ANISII IRIS, in. Doz. eISSES, DAFFODILS, 41D, DOZ. 100 7,Y OR COLOUR. 41)°Nre t p rd'd, to convince .111 to ET gr°Bl6. 1111411111 l'Zrj/t, PREVIOUS YEARS., k'S TESTIMONIALS. In. EACH. - °WELL'S, 411,tritstRymEN, -qIIINGTo" T,

HIPPODROME.. 7.0. TWICE NIGHTLY. 9.0. MONDAY NEXT, OCT. 12th, and during the week. PAUL MILL PRESENTS THE COURTIERS, IN ORIGINAL MUSICAL COMEDY SCENA. BRADSHAW BROTHERS, Acrobatic Eccentrics. VICTOR WAKEMAN, The Human Gramophone. MELT and BRAY, Eccentric Comedians. DAMERELL and RUTLAND, Comedians. MR. and MRS! MANNING, in Comedy Duologue. JOSEPHINE LANGLEY, THE LADY VENTRILOQUIST (DOUBLE VOICED). Gallery, 2d.; Pit, 4d.; Grand Circle, 6c1.; Stalls, Is.

STAR KINEMA. 6.SO—EVERY EVENING-9.0. MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY: THE FALL OF ANTWERP. THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY: SACK OF TERMONDE. BATTLE OF LEBEKE. Matinees: Monday, Thursday, Friday & Saturday. at 3.0. Prices: is., 6d., 4d., 3d., and 2d. Tel. 534.

T FRED AYRTON MORRIS, The Cross, Lymm, do HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that I shall not be RESPONSIBLE for any debts unless personally contracted. October 12, 1914.

WIRCOMBINGS made up 2e. per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF 1 Prodi HAIR FRAMES, PURE From Is. 6d. each. HAIR. 5/6 T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (Car Station). LIVERPOOL. Notices by Public Bodies.

rrIHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive LOANS either for six months notice or for a term of years. Applications, stating amount for investment, to be made to the Borough Treasurer, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

R COUNTY BOOUGH OF WARRINGTON. LOCAL WAR RELIEF FUND. s. d. Amount previously acknowledged Employes J. Dolan & Son, 4th con Employes H. Fairclough, 4th con. Employes Daniel Johnson, Ist con 1 2 6 Employes W. Winstanley & Co., 4th contribution Employes R. W. Collin, 4th con. Employes F. Warburton, 3rd con 0 15 4 Employes P. McLachlan, 2nd con. Employes F. W. Wright, 3rd con. Employes Allen and Cook, 3rd con. Office Staff and Foremen, W. D. Houghton & Co., Ltd. 2nd con. Ropery Dept. do. 2nd con 0 3 1 Mrs. M. Wilson .t 73 1 6

XTATIONAL RELIEF FUND. .1.1 SUBSCRIPTIONS FROM WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. s. d. Amount previously acknowledged.... 3,8.56 8 4 Employes J. Crostield & Sons, Ltd., sth contribution Staff, Labour Exchange and Unem- ployment Insurance Office "Lodge of Rcetitude " .- . . .. 10 10 n C aIV isewseir-road We'sleyau arch Staff & Workmen, R. A. Naylor, Ltd. 513 10 District Goods Manager and Staff, L. & N.-W. Railway, 3rd con 4lO 0 lEmployee Armitage and Rigby, Ltd., Rodney Mill,. 4th contribution 1 16 10 lEmployes Armitage and Rigby, Ltd., ' Spinning Department Traffic, Coaching & Permanent Way Dept., L. & N.-W. Rly., 4th con 1 6 0 H. W. Naylor, Sankey-street IStaff R. Davies & Co., 6th con. 4th Collection at Training College Chapel Employes A. Greenhalgh & Co., sth contribution Employes " Guardian " Office, 9th contribution Staff G. &J. Greenall, Ltd., sth con OlO 0 Parish Y.M. Bible Class .0,929 15 1

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EUROPEAN WAR. TOBACCO FUND FOR THE 2ND SOUTH LANCASHIRES (THE WARRINGTON LINE BATTALION) SERVING AT THE FRONT. The first consignnaent of tobacco, consisting of 70,000 cigarettes and 2,000 cakes of tobacco, at a total cost of £45, has been despatched to the Front. Further subscriptions are invited for a second consignment to be despatched during November. G'entlemert are requested to give their old and discarded pipes, which should be sent to the Town Clerk. PETER PEACOCK, Mayor. LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. .g s. d. Dr. McKee Dr. George Binns Dr. Lt C. Patternd D6.s Shop,, a 8 dw Fletcher m 6bdlet aßßFruosessw.e(lllWo sai.. lel Cai noc ) 1 0 0 Hands and "K."; a"nd ss. collected at Bull's Head, Church-street Weekly contribution to 16th Oct 3 17 8 Amount previously acknowledged £53 17 9

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. BELGIAN REFUGEES. The Local Committee have been requested to ' provide further accommodation for Belgian Refugees, and they invite offers of houses or , other buildings (preferably within the Borough)1 for the accommodation of the poor victims of the war. Further gifts or loans of beds, bedding, linen, furniture, clothing, &c., are urgently appealed for. Sixteen refugees have been accommodated at St. Austin's, and contributions of money, food and clothing are requested for their mainten- ance. Ladies and gentlemen willing to help may ascertain the best way of doing so by inquiring at St. Austin's on any day except Saturday and Sunday; between the hours of 11 and 12.30. Subscriptions to the " War Refugees Fund" should be sent to the Borough Treasurer at Bank House. PETER PEACOCK, llfayor. LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. s. d. 26 0 0 Proceeds of Matinee at the Star Kinema, per Miss C. H. Broadbent and Mrs. D. B. Pemberton. 10 0 0 Teachers and Scholars, Parochial School Boys' Department. 6 6 0 Proceeds of Sale of Song at Palace and Hippodrome, per G. D'Albert. 5 5 0 Mrs. W. B. Forshaw. 5 0 0 Mr. and Mrs. George Dale, Mrs. L. each Greening, and Councillor Craik. 4 5 0 Proceeds of Draw for Coffee Service, given by Nurse Rowe, per Miss Howes 3 3 0 Mrs. J. E. Birtles, A. J. Willett (each). 2 2 0 Wm. Furnival, W. A. Leslie, and War- each rington Tradesmen's Association. 2 0 0 Mrs. R. Pierpoint, 4 week's contribu- tion at 10s. 112 0 Collection at Market Sale, per F. Hickman. 1 2 11 Misses Geddes.

TEL. 337 x. FOR SALE , StLOND-HAND IIAOS. BROAD WOOD 0 0 (Rosewood Case.) SILBER & FLEMING ... 2.,11 11 0 (Walnut Case.) COLLARD ... £1.3 13 0 (Rosewood Case.) CIIAPPELL ... £l2 12 0 (Walnut Case.) BRINSMEAD £l5 15 0 (Rosewood Case.) , TUNINGS AND REPAIRS. DAWSONS, 59, Sankey St., Warrington.

SUCCESS. What i the secret of Success? asked the Sphinx. "Push," said the Button. 'Take pains," said the Window. 'Never be led," said the Pencil. Be up-to-date," said the Calendar. Always keep cool," said the Ice. "Do business on tick," said the Clock. "Do a driving business," said the Hammer. "Aspire to greater things," said the Nutmeg. "Make light of everything," said the Fire. "Do work you are suited for," said the Flue. "Get a good pull with the ring," said the Doorbell. "Be sharp in all your dealings," said the Knife. "Find a good thing and stick to it," said the Glue. "Trust to your stars for success," said the Night. "Strive to make a good impression," said the Seal.

lop sANITAs FLUID, 3EST WASH FOR WOUNDS. 3 EST MOUTH WASH. .P'‘,.7.`; BEST AIR PURIFIER. ;41" DESTROYS ALL DISEASE GERMS. ~ • :.--.--- . e-,. W-_-----t-.7..,-* . / '' . ''.r.- '''...-. :;Ill';;Zif.6 , ~.:,.. (Jean --...*... ~.',.----N•A'4>: . f n ragr_anr"."-. '-• :')';', z il.:i / on Poison° , ~. Does nor Srain line_ ,- 11 i - i 4 off 'ell'. - i : • l . . & es i : TH E "SAN I TAS" C? LT? LONDON .E. 1.------------------1

cLARKE's B 41 PILLS can be .relied upon to cure in either sem all acquired or constitutional di.... charges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established up. wards of 50 years. In boxes 45. ed. each. of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throw/Litany the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makezt.— The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug ea.• ci in. enlw --Z.Advt

BARLESS FIRE GRATES. Wood Chimney Pieces, Kitchen Ranges, Tile Panels, New and Artistic Examples now showing. J. 5. GARLAND,51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE ST. WARRINGTON.

- •••••••••••••••V\ lIIPPP •••••••••••••••••% • •••••••••••••••••• S:20.•°•7:041 4. 41.1%4 4F:I •••••••••00 • 00 ' - •••••••••••••••_t! fo 64=1=iiir=liWil • -1,-+.. ,s. —: '' ' 411011i' '-' s' '••• . • ..' %, ''. 'll‘‘ 41: S --,; kl -4 iP 0 . • ' •I ,• 0 • - .• , ~,•,. I Oft ,0% V II •• . . • •4•4• ..' . • .1: ,i, ',.„„,„,,... •••••••••••4 • •111.• I .. • lib eV: • •••••••ia:o•• ••• ••• e•o•••••• ..••• .. . ~.. ••••• ••••.••••) 00000 • • • *WV • • • • 4.:".....,„..... ° • •••••••••• I l''t . ' ''' '1 ' ',' • it, d . -i.,.... 10.••4 ••• ••••••••••_, 1•• /fill,. ••••••••••• 0..•••••:00.4.0:07,....., . ,••••••••••09.•••••••••••••••••••••••••1 • . . . ••• •••• 00 ••••• •••• •• •• • ' -... . 'Olt- 110, ~,, •••••••• ••••• ' a ite, ~. ••••4 AT T HIS SEASON many persons ;NI( /1.74,., Stlif f er iron, sorn_ " prostration of strength, arising in general from. ‘... 1:1 '...,,,1, :•••.: ProPerties alterative N,1,. It. 1 414 '-' disturbance of the digestion. In such cases the al • N. 0 •41 Of of HOLLOWAY' ‘ ••, S PILLS produce the happiest .4‘.. • ~„ • stimulate the appetite, 6. ....; a ects in renewing digestive vigour. They h •••, kid ugraent th e ,S. .. _ e secretion of gastric juice, regulate the liver, cleanse t vu i ••, "eYs. and act as gentle yet efficient aperients, without griping, weak- via z ari• 0•111 g. or inconveniencing the system. In the raajority of cases of debility. S.S. sing from no perceptible cause, Holloway' 1 •ii, s Pills, judicio.usly taken, 411.% " slOwly and certainly restore order, and the invalid regains strength es: •II 4°14% and becomes fit and well. ••, •Oill .• oo • • --•' ' " . . . 00000000000000 ....ttlAttiftt,ftlftVtitt ..•••••••••••••••••••, .-, 111611......._ . .

WEST LANCASHIRE DIVISION Transport and Supply Column. • SOUTH LANCASHIRE BRIGADE COMPANY ARMY SERVICE CORPS. Men are still Wanted to complete the Company being raised to replace the Company that has volunteered for Active Service. Saddlers, Farriers, Motor and Horse Owners and Drivers are particularly required. (Clerks, Warehousemen and Artisans of any trade will be accepted and trained as Drivers.) A Recruiting Officer will attend at Head- • quarters, 46, Legh Street, each evening between 7 and 9 o'clock, until the required men are enlisted.

vieff* ‘o_ ;09 • R. We WOODS 5, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. DOWN QUILTS, liming just received our NEW SEASON'S DOWN QUILTS, We are, for the NEXT FEW DAYS, making a SPECIAL SHOW. Quilts in Real Arctic Down In every Size and Design. Prices for DOUBLE BEDS from 12/6 to 45/-. Covered in Sateen and Satin. These Goods are Ventilated Throughout, and are of BRITISH MANUFACTURE. Warm and Durable KAPOK. QUILTS, Double-Bed Size, Ventilated, Plain Panels, from 4/6 to 12/6. Wear Guhranteed. A New Delivery of COT & PRAM QUILTS Washable, Warm, and Durable, at 2/111. All these QUILTS are NEV SEASON'S GOODS, direct from the Manufacturer.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 19U.

I LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Secondary School Boy's University Success. At the recent Manchester University exarnin- ations, James R. Dewar, Orford-avenue, passed Intermediate B.Sc. Dewar is a 'Secondary School boy, who received his early education at the People's College: _

II

Is -..•--- - ___ . . - -''' 4 lik IST ;111.." ICT CI ENS ...' ..„,, .., _ _. .._,.... ~...

• _ STOgKTON HEATH. Councillor Bottom.ley : He is bound to say chat, because, he would be made to appear so ridiculous if he said otherwise. (Cries of "Order 1") The Chairman: Next business!

s (Regd. Trade Mark.) COFFEE ESEINCE, The Cofee Maid, of Symington's, say: 100# " Up in the morning, sleepy and cold, presto, change !—and you're cheery and bold, • „I What's the magic? How is it done? just try a cup of SYMINGTON." THOS. SYMINGTON CO.. Idicatowtk and Loaf&

WARRINGTON OUTPLAY RUNCORN.

THE ASSOCIATION GAME.

gaine and the homesters were only,: allowed to pay brief visits to their territory. During an attack on the home goal the visitors were awarded a penalty, from which they opened their account. Following this there was a period of even play, after which the visitors again attacked, and, following some brisk work, registered their second goal. Encouraged by these successes they continued to hold the upper hand and managed to steer the ball past the home goalkeeper a third time. The homesters, rousing themselves, made a determined attack on their opponents' citadel and were sucdessful in reducing the arrears. At half-time the score was 3 goals to 1 in favour of the visitors. On the resumption the home team played more strenuously with the breeze in their favour and had a greater share of the game. During an attack on the visitors' goal one of the defenders scooped the ball away With his hand, and, from the ensuing free-kick, the home team registered their second goal. Heartened by this success, the homesters were all over their opponents, penning them in their own half, and from an accurate centre from the right the scores were made level. Both teams struggled desperately for the lead, some keen play being witnessed. Both ends were visited, and towards the end the home team were successful in scoring again. Result : Longford, 4 goals; Earlestown Mission, 3. ELMWOOD CONS. v. EMMANUEL INSTITUTE. On Saturday the Cons., having no League match on band, met the Institute in a friendly encounter on their ground in Manchester-road. The following players turned out:— Elmwood Cons.: James Phcenix ; Joe Phcenix and W. Hall; Pritchard, E. B. Mellor and J. Mellor; Smith, Gleave, Ashton, Wells and Lamb. Institute: Bailey; S. Hughes and Crozier; Oakes, Banner and Eyre; Burgess, L. Hughes, Roberts, Eaton and Bevan. The home team won the toss and defended the Cemetery goal. The game opened very evenly, but gradually the Cons. gained ground in the visitors' half and Bailey had to concede a corner to clear. The flag-kick proved fruit- less, and the Institute rushed to the home end, where mis-kicking by the backs let them in, but Phcenix put the ball over the bar. The corner-kick did not benefit the visitors, and the ' transferred‘ play to the other end, where they gained a penalty kick. Lamb took the kick and opened the scoring. This reverse roused the visitors and the home defence was hard pressed. Roberts missed a very easy chance by shooting over the bar, and Plicenix did likewise at the opposite end. From a corner-kick, well placed by Eaton, Bevan made the scores equal, but directly afterwards Roberts regained the lead for the Institute, the home backs being at fault The Institute were leading at half-time by 2 goals to 1. On resuming, the home team quickly attacked the visitors' goal, and D. Gleave equalised the score. The home team showed up to better ad- vantage, but offside spoilt their efforts. After Lamb had been penalised for, a foul, he shot wide when he had a good opening. The Insti- tute began to have more of the game and some exciting incidents were seen. Ashton was penal- ised inside the area and Crozier took the kick, but Phcenix made a good save. After the visitors had missed several good openings th: home forwards transferred play to the opposite, goal, where Ashton gained the lead. From the place-kick both ends were visited in turn, but no further goals were scored, and at the call of time the score was :—Elmwood Corp., 3 goals; Emmanuel Institute, 2 goals. ITEMS. St. Barnabas' turned up at Newton with de- pleted ranks, but some of their supporters filled up the gaps very satisfactorily. Hinds, in goal, proved himself a very useful emergency man. The half-back play of the Cons. and St. Bar- rabas' was very good. Glover and Long proved a bit better than Lawrence and Tither, in the respective back divisions. Dodd, Rhubotham and Smart proved a very good inside trio for the Cons., but they were at fault in finessing when they ought to have shot. Fairfield United met with their first reverse at the hands (or, rather, feet) of the White Star. The Star are to be congratulated on their success. The United have a strong half-back line in Ditchfield, Hunter and Payne. Meachin was in opposition to his old club- mate, Millward. • Stanley Woodhouse did not get much chance to display his quality. The Orford White Star are shining well at present. Their half-back line—Caldwell, Denny and Gifford—has a Latchford flavour about it. , The Central v. Baptists game was poor in the first half, but in the second portion the Central improved greatly and the Baptists were easily defeated. Bank Quay Recs. and Paddington divided the points. George, the Paddington goalkeeper, was in his best form. Holmes and Spencer played with good under- standing. Craik and S. Smith were the most dangerous of the visitors' forwards. Kendrick and Davies were most prominent for the home forwards. There was a good slice of luck about the shot that equalised. Elmwood Cons. registered their second victory of the season against Emmanuel Institute, this being the latter's first defeat this year. James Pluenix gave a good display in the home goal. J. Brown and J. Chamberlain shaped well on their first appearance with Paddington United. W. Robinson (Latchford), T. Woodhead (Stockton Heath), and H. Wainwright (Em- manuel Old Boys) have been secured by Pad- dington, and make their first appearance to-day in the Reserve team. Fairfield, what of the Star half-back line? Caldwell, the Star "skipper," is indeed bringing his team out to championship form. FIXTURES WANTED. Emmanuel Institute have several open dates, which they would like to fill in with any friendly team. Secretaries must apply to:— A. Oakes, lion. secretary, 136, Knutsford-road, Latchford, Warrington.

wva, /IT Func WAR Cartoons 4+. IN each of I the great conflictsofthe past 70 years "Punch" has been famed throughout the world for its splendid series of Cartoons In the present tre- mendous struggle the War Cartoons and Patriotic Car- toons of "Punch" constitute a feature of no ordinary interest. 10 Make sure of seeing every issue of "PUNCH." Tell your Newsagent to deliver it. 10 1111111111.

Exo. Kills Rats & Mice ‘registered). Government testimony with every box. The World's reatest. No danger or smell from dead vermin. Safe, Sure and Quick. Chemist agents : Flarold Smith, 77, Bridge Street, Virarrington; Joseph Taylor & Co., Radcliffe; J. Dowson, Caine. Sd., 6d., li-, 21-, post 2d. Makers, The "BAler- min.o"Chernical Co. Ltd., Dundee.

LOOK TO YOUR . . . FIRE PROTECTION AND TO MERRYWEATHERS' FOR FIRE EXTINCUISHING SUPPLIES. Inspections carried out by thoroughly drilled and trained Fire Inspectors. "London Made" Fire Hose, Hand Fire Pumps, Chemical Extinctors, and Fire Escapes, ready for immediate delivery. MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, & GREENWICH.

BEST HOFtliE COAL

NUTS, BEANS 6/ PEAS, CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS LTD., Colliery Proprietors, bALLAM LANE, WARRINGTCN, and at Car Terminus. Latchford. All inquiries to F. W. PRAEGE2, District Agent.

AL:Arai.+64•o'. - MAKE 'THE MOST OF LIFE! In order to make the most of life, it is of supreme importance that you should possess good health. To establish this desirable condition several things are essential. The appetite should be good, the digestion free from all discomfort, the bowels regular, and the liver ar.:. hizlneys active. PILLS are of the greatest service in keeping the digeitive system in a state of efficiency. They are a valuable preparation acting upon the Itoinach, and digestive organs generally, in a way at once corrective, purifying and tonic. For the relief and cure of those ailments which have their cause in dyspeptic troubles this popular medicine is unrivalled. If You at° "xic'us to make the most of life, be sure that, in the matter of health, Beecham's Pills WILL HELP YOU! it} (56 pills) & 219 (165 pills). Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1 ~...minunrcrate=sicivicam

7. THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER , SERIES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS . 1 . COMPRISES : 1 THE WARRINGTON EXA.MIN-ER THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, 1 1 THE WIDNES EXAMINER. TILE EARLEITAOMERAND , NEWTON THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. pREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS 08 THE " WANTED" AND "ON SALE" CreA.SS ARE INSERTED IN ALL THE ABOVE . )1/IPTIONED NEWSPAPERS FOR ONE CHARGE ON THE FOLLOWING SCALES : One Three Six Thixte en Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 16 ... 64. ..• is. ad. ... Bs. Od. ... 3s, 94 94 ... 9d. ... Is. 104. ... 31. Od. ... Ss. Od 32 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 64 40 ... is. Bd. ... 3s. ld. ... 55. Od. ::. _!!a. 24 43 ... is. _Ld._2.:_131...-:.162............„.......d. . Rte. ou

------ HERBERT JOHNSON, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. /3 EWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. Sales by Auction of Freehold and Leasehold Properties, Building Land, Ground Rents, Farming and Trade Stocks, Household Furni- ture, Stocks, Shares, and Debentures. Valuations for Sale, Probate and Mortgage, on reasonable terms. Sale room, Queen-street. Consignments invited. ____,

HENRY TAYLOR, . AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. ESTATE Si INSURANCE AGENT, 15, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Tel. 228. -

Vilo% 4110 k VI" NI" Nii" II" NOM VIOR 'OW !Coast& Countro Where to Stay. Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses.

LONDO N.-WILD'S HOTEL, FIRST-CLASS TEMPERANCE. 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Central for Business and Pleasure. Electric Lift. HOMS COMFORTS, CLZANLINESS AND QUIRT.

BLACKPOOL PROMENADE. Ferndene, South Parade Comfortable Apartments; moderate terms, or boarders bs. 6d. per day.—Mrs. liough. 1 lIARROGATE.—IiiIIside Holiday Residences, Pleasantly situated, central, near baths; from be.—Apply Hiss Fitton. e lIARROGATII. liingeley liotel-Pension, Cold Bath-road. Central. Very moderate terms. Tel. 272. LONDON-VlSitOßS.—Bedand Dreii--kfast, single up from 2s. 6d.; Double from Sc. Gd.— Haaadel House, Handel-street, Russell-square, W.C. QOUTEIPORT:7--- Comfortable Apariinente, 1.7 Public or Private; near town; all convenieng_es; plano,—Evans, 16, lsensinjrton-roacl.___—__ Q-T-7—ANNES.--Apartments; homely, central; board optional; terms moderate.—Hrs. Greer, 54, St. Albans-r" ._

A N experienced Country Laundress has Vacancy for Gentleman's Family Wash; every convenience; specially constructed premises; high- est testimonials; inspection invited.—Write Box 66, " Examiner

___.---------.L-- g 5 TO £5,000 LENT . DAILY ON THESE TERMS for agreed periods : £ 6 loan, Repay £5 105. £'2s loan, Repay £27 10. £lO „ „ £ll £3O „ £33 £l6 10s. £5O „ ~ £55 £22 £lOO r, , £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. SPecial atten- tion to applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219, BRUNSWICK-STREET. OXFORD-ROAD. MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON-STREET (over Bradley's Clothing Shop), IiORTHWICH. THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. From Builders' Merchants, and from the Manufacturer, Dutton-street, Warrington. Best Red Finish. 145.: Brown Glazed. 12s. Tel. 99. ...........*

A TLANTIC LINERS.—AII desiring to become .11. Stewards, Stewardesses, Barmen, Waiters, Engineers, Stokers, etc. (application forms free), I' send addressed envelope. —Manager, 95, Shake- t Southport

CLERK Wanted, ago about 18; applicants to state salary required.—Apply St. Helens Cable and. Rubber Co., Ltd., Warringto 11. nirCIDH,ESINCTt Youth Wanted at OllCC—Apply J. B. Doncaster, 6, Market-street, Warrington. , lr ADS Wanted for for Farmers in , . 14 wages to commence Ds. to 155. per week all found; situation guaranteed; party sailing shortly; ~ assisted fares, only £3 payable here.—Apply for full , . details to Collings Ltd., Accredited Government . Agents, Rosemont-parade, Nortl—hley, London. MAN Wanted to feed threshing machine or . PI: wire pressL —A lY Rd Meadow's Lydiate. .1..L1. ___..L , , ‘l. 1.V.1. A.lt, T LADS Wanted for trade, Sie.—Apply .. /•,. vvinstaniey and Co., karit i'lace, Warringwo. -- QTLA.UI: Labourers W anted, wages 6s. per , .• 1.7 hour; re Labourers woia to CD:Lable men.—Appiy ,r at v.O 14311. or Z.O P.M. to John W. lieiten and, tO., 181.ilnsbridge Chemical Vvorks, near tiudaersneld. * W AINT.LI), Temporary CLLII.II.. in Ueneral , Oince or Engineering 'Vvorgs. State experi- . ..: enee, wages required and age.—W rite Bog Ism. 40, " Examiner ' Unice, Warrington. . NOUNG Woman Wanted, 18 or 19, for-Farin- ., , . , 1-ILi house; honest and clean; good wages given to •• suitable person.—Apply Id.ra. James A. Morris, 'lie Oldhams Farm. Astle !, 0 y Bridge, 13 lt ._ 02,_-_____—.----

COOK-GENERAL; good cook with good refer- "cos will receive good wages.—Wilson, 72, Alderley-road, (100 K-GENERAL Wanted for one lady; must V.) be good plain cook; age 24 to 32; wages £22 to 24.—Mrs. Laidlow, 42, Alexandra-road, Southport. G Wanted as Kitchenmaid; age T6L, to strong,lB. Write. stating wages and references, t Mrs. Weech, School Rouse, Sedbergh, Yorkshire. GBN"A o ; references. Apply Sportsman Hotel, Leigh. ENERAL, good, Wanted, for Milk-house; age about d, p Morgan-street, off Cir- PIY 4Wanted; reference re- eljrus-.10i_,,:2p5_ .0A tIENERAL, g quired.—APP" The Croft, Holmes Chapel, Cheshire.

COUNTRY lIOUSE. Sewage Disposal System. No emptying of cesspools. No solids. No open filters. Perfectly automatic. Everything underground.—Beattie, 8, Lower Grosvenor-place. Westminster.

ADVERTISER offers for Sale 400 ..£1 Shares (or would divide) in sound Estate Owning ACompany earning 7i per cent.: a guaranteed cer- tain nett return given; security of Investments in deeds; bank references.—Richard H. Murray. char- tered accountant, 29, Princess-street, Manchester.

NTERY well situated Freehold Property at V Penketh, comprising two good Small Houses and nearly 1 Acre of land; very suitable for garden- ing or poultry keeping.—Apply Arthur J. Willett, Solicitor, Warrington. ...mw,,,

WANTED, Scrap Motor Covers and Tubes. Plain Bs. cwt. Studded 4s. cwt. Tubes 6d. per lb.—Rodney Rubber Co., 91-93, Roscoe-street, Liverpool. WANTED, Watson's Soap Wrappers. 1/6 100; also Queen's Honey.—Kennett, 11, Liver- pool-road, Islington.

Education. BLU---NDELLS—AN-B—S Blundellsands, near Liverprool.—Owing to war, limited number of gentlemen's sons received at reduced fees. Special arrangements for French and Belgians. Highly qualified Staff. Every home comfort. Healthy situation.—W. B. HAWKINS, M.A. (Oxon).

FRENCH, GERMAN, ITALIAN AND SPANISH. CONVERSATIONAL AND GRAMMAR LESSONS BY TRAINED NATIVE MASTERS. PRIVATE AND CLASSES. HIGHEST REFERENCES. THE MODERN LANGUAGE SCHOOL. Apply for Prospectus to PROFESSOR DAHL, At Dawson's, 59, Sankey-street, Warrington.

MR. H. L. READ, Mu& B A C., F.R.C.0.. L.R.A.M.. A.R.M.C.M.. ORGANIST OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. Organ and Pianoforte, Singing and Voice Production, Theory and Harmony. Preparation for all Examinations. RECENT SUCCESSES OF PIANOFORTE PUPILS:-1 A.R.C.M., 1 L.T.C.L., 1 A.T.O.L. - For terms apply- -19, PALMYRA-SQUARE, WARRINGTON. PRIVATE Tuition in Shorthand and Type- writing (Standard machine). Terms moderate. —Apply Mr. T. Lowe, "West View," Penketh. Q OUTHPORT MoDERN SCHOOL - 1.7 A First-class School for Boys. Staff includes 8.A., B.Sc., F.C.V. Principal, J. C. UNDER WOOD, A.C.P. , etc- _ vrrrirs RPIIIIIIT

STOCKTON LODGE Mutt ouiavvi,, STOCKTON .HEATH, WARRINGTON. car G r terminus.) dergarten, Day and B(3oamrdininugteSs mcihrooei fo Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, exten- sive ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great successes in examinations. Prospectus, references. and views on application to MISS PARTINGTON, Principal. "At Home " Wednesdays. THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WARRlNGTON.—Bindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—P r.neiPal. MISS DRING, L.L.A..A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Half Term commences Wednesday, Nov. 4, 1914.

WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., PROFESSOR OF Music. Lessons on Organ at Lymm Parish Church: on Pianoforte, Zcc., at Pupil's Resi- dence: at 121, Church-street, Runcorn: and at BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LYMM.

Miscellaneous on Sale. etc. BRADBURY,3 feet condition, 11 ey - esrtreet, Rosegrove, Burnley. ; a i. . p

CADlLLAC—adaptable for delivery waggon, £l5. DOUGLAS, T.T. MODEL, £4B. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON.

VORD 5-SEATER TOURING CAR, A;135. FORD 5-SEATER. new Sari-nary 15, 1914. SlO5. DELAGE. 10-h.p., 2-SEATER, newly painted, £125. HUMBER, 15-h.p., 5-SEATER TOURING CAR, £45. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON. VRESH Ground Green 3one, 2d. per lb., or 71b. for is.; cash to accompany each order.— Arnold and Collier, Ltd., Wholesale and Retail Butchers, 72, Oldhall-atreet, Liverpool. GRAND selection Cross-bred Pullets, March, April hatched, 2a. 6d. to 3e. 3d., carriage paid 6 upwards; reduction quantity; satisfaction guaran- teed.—J. A. Sutcliffe, 124, Whitegate-drive, Black- pool.

J' UMBER with Sidecar, 01.:32. ENFIELD, 21-h.p., £lO. SUN-VILLIERS, 2-stroke, £26 Sc. J.E.s., Lightweight, £l5. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON.

I—ADY—wislies -Co dispose of-Massive Set of A Black Furs; real skins, fox heads and tails; large Muff; splendid condition; bargain, 35e.--SS, Kingscourt-road, Streatham, S.W. MOTOR DRIVING taught Coachmen and ANA-others; proficiency guaranteed for fixed fee.— Walmsley's Garage, Guildhall-street, Preston. _

OULTRY KEEPERS.—SeveraI Tons of good Mixture, ss. 6d. cwt.; 255. 5 cwt.; bags, 3d. each. Sample two stamps.—Hope Poultry Farm, Barking, Essex.

PULLETS, thousands laying, 30s. dozen; two months old, 10s. dozen; three months old, 15e. dozen; list free; live delivery.—Hummell Poultry Farm, Stratford, Esser.

SMART old English Bobtail Bitch for Sale; splendid guard and companion; price 15s.— Tattersall, 44, Broadfield-lane, Oswaldtwistle, Lan- cashire.

WAN 5-6 h.p., with Sidecar, .235. JAMES 1913, Free Engine, with Sidecar, £35. B.S.A. 1913, Free Engine, with Sidecar, £46. DOUG-LAS 1911, Great Bargain, Xl6. W. KNIGHT, STOCKTON HEATH GARAGE, WARRINGTON.

FURNISH YOUR HOME , , TASTEFULLY and , SUBSTANTIALLY. Aonntrlinnfcsr 39t,?io;thaotfoontitfrorritiosl tanlitli lin not necessarily mean extravagan outlay. OUR FURNITUEIE.„ PLEASES THE Orr' All goods sold by us are monde. tured in factories under our 01f. control and supervision, from sellirl;• sivedesigns. We can thus gaarr`qeie to our Customers a well made ar'. e of useful as well as artistic (1004 and substantial manufacture. OUR PRICES SUIT THE POCKET By controlling manufactories Iv° place the goods on the INiarket mg one profit only—the goods Pa!f direct from us, the manufacturor.. to our customer, the consumer.; bearing only the one profit and I, °I two or three as charged elsewhere. OUR EASY PAYMENTS SUIT YOUR inicomg ~ lirti. ..lau._ aTtem call.erredstou For £.lO you pay 7/6 convenience 0/ 15/. Customers. . i :::: ;t: ':,:,' 22;71126 C Discount arrfioarg Cea:B all : all partii. SEND OR CALL FOR CATALOGUE. We will send you free, bY 13°41)11°1.r you can have on application, .lid Large Illustrated Cataloatievrbtl Price List. IT COSTO ,„ tit% NOTHING AND WILL YOU POUNDS. GLOBE FURNISHING CO' (J. H. GRANT, Proprietor) PEMBROKE PLACO LIST= rueoc.X.. Early Closing Day, Saturday, 1 o''
